Disclaimer: All characters from Tenchi Muyo are the property of AIC and
Pioneer.  If you bring legal action against me you will learn
how poor a college student can be.  Corparations, hahahahahhaa!  I
laugh.

Hours later they exited the sewer covered in slimy, smelly crap and
garbage.

"That was the most disgusting, awful thing I've ever been through."
Tenchi collapsed on the grass.

"Are you all right, Tenchi?" Ryoko hurried to his side.

"I will be once we get cleaned up."

She pulled him to his feet.

"Tenchi, we must warn your father," said Friar Yosho.

"Right." Tenchi nodded.  "Do you think he had enough for the new tax?"

"Five silvers?  Not likely."

"Wait." Ryoko frowned.  "We hafta go get somebody else?"

"Please, Ryoko.  He's my father."

She melted.  "Oh, all right, but let's hurry."

***
Tenchi kept thinking he was going to throw up.  The smell was that bad.
As they moved through the darkened streets, he could
hardly keep his eyes off of Ryoko. In his head he tried to fit the
delinquent, but playful girl who kept visiting with the cold, assertive
woman who'd been prepared to kill.  The seemed like two different
people, and yet she cared for him.  She had risked his safety
and she still was.

"This street?" Ryoko whispered.

"Yes," answered Grandpa.

"Kiiiyone, I feel sick."

"You're not alone, so keep quiet."

"And Ryoko still has my sword -"

"Forget the sword.  She's not going to give it back."

"But it's miiine."

Tenchi heard Kiyone muttering things under her breath.

"There." Yosho pointed.

They walked up to the small house/carpenter shop.  Tenchi saw his father
sitting on the step, his head in his hands.  Tenchi ran
toward him.

"Uhhhh!  What is that smell-Tenchi."

"Dad, don't tell me they -"

"Threw me out." His father sounded angry.

"Oh, dad, I-Ryoko!" She'd grabbed him by the arm, and was pulling him
along.

"I'm sorry about your house, Tenchi, but it's not safe here.  We need to
get to Sherwood Forest."

"We're going there?"

"Where else?"

She'd mentioned Sherwood Forest several times in the past, asking him to
come visit her there.  Tenchi had heard that there were
quiet a few refugees hiding out there now.  Poachers, families who'd
lost their homes and other poor people.  They robbed from
those who passed through the forest, though they focused on the very
rich.  He'd actually heard a lot of praise for the relief they were
giving to the poor.  Still, Tenchi wasn't comfortable with the idea.
The moment Ryoko could turn off into the trees, she did.  She had
yet to release Tenchi, but he didn't mention it.  She picked her way
along quickly for about fifteen minutes.  Several men dropped of
the trees in front of them.

"Ryoko, you smell nasty," exclaimed one.

"Deal with it.  Get the tubs ready."

"Or what?"

She brandished Mihoshi's sword.  They laughed.  Tenchi just couldn't see
the humor.  Several of them ran on ahead, but a couple
stayed behind as an escort.

"So is the lucky man?" asked one.

"Yes!" She hugged him.

"Ryoko-I. . ." Somehow asking her to stop seemed unfair after all they'd
been through that day. Suddenly the forest was filled with
torchlight.  In that light he realized she was looking at him in
earnest. "Thanks for your help, Ryoko." He smiled.

"Oh, Tenchiiii!" She squeezed the air out of him.

The bath was wonderful.  The put on the clothes he was given, trying not
to think about how they'd been gotten.  He hurried to
find his group.  Kiyone had on red felt and shiny boots.  Mihoshi was
wearing purple.  Dad and Grandpa had matching brown.
Tenchi was wearing green and saw that Ryoko was, too.

"You guys hungry?" she asked.

"I am sooo starved," Mihoshi announced.

"We haven't eaten since breakfast," added Tenchi.

"Then I'll take you over to the cook." She threw her arms around Tenchi.

"Tenchi, what's wrong with you?" his father demanded.  "Put your arm
around her.

He could see in her face that that one small gesture would mean a lost,
so he complied.  They walked through a bank smoked and
came out to see a small girl with blue hair in pigtails stirring a large
kettle.

"Tha-Tha-That's Princess Sasami!" Kiyone's jaw dropped.

The girl turned to them casually and smiled.  "Hi, Ryoko.  Who're your
friends?"

"This is Tenchi, his father and grandfather.  And those two are
deserters from your father's guard, Mihoshi and Kiyone."

Kiyone sank to one knee.  "Princess Sasami -"

"Please, don't call me that." She girl smiled cheerfully.  "I ran away,
so I'm not a princess anymore."

"But you have to go back -"

"No!" she shouted.  "I'm won't go back there.  Uncle is unkind and
selfish."

"What about your sister?" Kiyone asked gently.

Sasami frowned.  "Yeah, I know.  I feel really bad about making her
worry.  I love my sister, but I'm not going
back.  Uncle would lock me in my room forever."

"Sasami, think of the people -"

"Hey, officer, I thought you helped some prisoners escape.  Isn't that a
death sentence?"

"Ryoko," Tenchi said sharply.

"My uncle says I was kidnapped, but it's not true.  I ran away.  He
knows it
and he doesn't care."

"Whatcha got on, kid?" Ryoko smiled.

"Vegetable stew with venison," she said cheerfully.

"Mmmm.  Sounds great."

It smelled better.  Tenchi's stomach growled.

"So who's gonna take dinner to the sorceress?"

Everyone in the vicinity sort of drew back at her words, saying things
like "I brought her breakfast" or "I did lunch yesterday."

Kiyone shook her head.  "You're joking, right?"

"Nope," Sasami answered her.  "We have a sorceress.  We send her food
three times a day, say ritual words  and she
gives us protection and gifts."

"Tenchi, why don't you take it to her?" Ryoko suggested, pushing him
toward
Sasami.

"But I uh, heh-heh, don't know anything about -"

"Oh, don't worry.  Sasami'll teach you the words."

So Sasami explained everything to Tenchi with great care as she ladled
the stew, fetched bread and a glass of wine.

"And remember, don't call her a sorceress, witch or anything else.  She
hates it.  We almost had someone -"

"Sasami." Ryoko flashed a smile at her.  "Go on, Tenchi."

"Almost had someone, what?" he demanded.

"Nothing." Sasami smiled.

"Go on." Ryoko nudged him.

"Well, all right." Tenchi trudged off.

As instructed he waited until he couldn't hear any sound from the
encampment. He stopped and looked around.

He cleared his throat and recited: "You are the greatest in the universe
Washu-chan.  Washu, Washu, you're
number one.  Hurray, Washu-chan."

"It's about time."

"Huh?" Tenchi turned around in a circle.

He caught sight of a girl with long spiky hair and strange attire,
floating in a chair and tapping away on some kind of metal board.
Petrified, Tenchi nearly dumped the tray.

"Hey, careful.  You'll spill it."

"Yaah!" He felt his hair stand on end.

She floated down next to him while he was righting the tray.  He gladly
handed it over to her.  He started edging away.

"Thanks, Washu-chan.  You're the greatest Washu-chan."

"The greatest what?"

"H-Huh?" Sasami hadn't mentioned this part of the ritual.

"You people never say what." She fixed him with her green eyes.

"Well, um. . .you're the greatest sorceress -"

"What?!  Sorceress!  I'm blowing up the forest." She started tapping
away.

"Aaah!  No, wait.  Uh. . .uh. . .you're very smart."

Her fingers stopped poised over the metal board.  "Smart?"

"A great mind." He nodded rapidly.

"Well, all right, but you'd better have a good answer tomarrow."

"T-Tomorrow?"

"That's right.  I want you to bring my dinner from now on." She floated
in closer.  "What's your name?"

"Tenchi, ma'am."

"Call me Washu-chan."

"All right." He nodded.

"See ya tomarrow." She disappeared.

He ran back to the encampment.  Sasami waved to him.

"How'd it go?"

"She threatened to blow up the forest."

 "She does that sometimes.  Here." She smiled and handed him a bowl of
stew.

***
Ayeka sat stiffly on her uncle's right.  They were dining alone.  She
stared at her plate with disinterest.

"Is there no word of Sasami?"

He finished a large chunk of wild turkey before replying.  "I've told
you.  I'm doing all I can.  No doubt she was kidnapped
for ransom."

"Then why have we received no demands?"

"How should I know why bumbling peasants do what they do?" he snapped.
"They probably need to find someone who can write out
their demands for them."

She knew he was doing as little as possible to find Sasami.  Ayeka
brought a piece of venison to her mouth and made herself chew.

A knock sounded at the door.

"Who's there?" her uncle called.

"Your lieutenant, sir.  Recall that -"

"Yes, yes.  Send her in."

A woman dress in fresh, clean guard uniform entered and closed the
door.  She bowed sharply and then approached the king's brother.

"Senior lietenant Mitsuki, sir." She saluted.

"Well, what is it?" he asked irritably.

"I wish to report that my commander was killed last night in a drunken
brawl."

"I see.  Have you rounded up the participants?"

"I have, sir."

He folded his hands.  "And I've heard that a couple officers close to
your freed prisoners and deserted."

"Yes, sir."

 "Were the prisoner of consequence?"

"Not at all."

 "Good." He leaned forward.  "Now then, I am tired of hearing reports
about some band of thieves in the forests.  Nobles
complain to me that it is no longer safe to travel around here.  I want
this band captured and publicly executed.  Kill any
on the spot who resist.  Be as brutal as necessary.  You have command of
the guard, Mitsuki."

"Yes, sir." She bowed and departed.

Ayeka glared at her uncle.  "I thought the guard was searching for
Sasami."

"If you're not going to eat, then get out!"

She stood up and walked away with graceful dignity.  She fumed inwardly
as she headed for her room.  Her father had scarcely been
missing for a year and yet her uncle behaved as though he was king.  A
year ago he would never have dared speak to her in such as
way.  But that wasn't the worst of it.

"Sasami has been missing for six days," she whispered.  "He's hardly
lifted a finger to search for her.  I'll not forgive him for that."
She entered her bedroom and pulled on a pair of riding boots.  She
strapped on her dagger for self-protection and threw on her cape.
Then she exited her room, the castle, and hastened for the stables.  She
had to shake the stable boy awake.  On seeing her, he
staggered quickly to his feet.

"Saddle my horse."

"But, highness, 'tis getting dark."

"Obey me!"

"Yes, yer highness."

The boy was quick to bring the horse out to her.

"Shouldn't. . .you have an escort?"

"No!" She mounted her steed and galloped out of the stable.

Since her father's guard couldn't be bothered to search for Princess
Sasami, she would find her sister on her own.
