Disclaimer- I do not own anime! Blah blah blah…

Ok, here’s the next chapter! Trunks is kinda a little OOC at the end of this
chapter but who gives a f*ck!

The Ryoko Saga

‘Revival’

Ryoko appeared outside the main room of Capsule corp. She braced herself and
walked in with Washu and Sasami. Everybody turned to look at the door. They
breathed a sigh of relief as the others were back but soon put on a sad face
as they looked at the bodies. Chi-Chi immediately started crying. She ran
over to Washu and she set Goku down on a table. Hisui set down Gohan.

Chi-Chi- My poor baby! Goku! (cries)

Bulma directed her attention over to Vegeta who was in Ryoko’s arms. She
started crying as Ryoko set Vegeta down on the couch. She cried even more
when Trunks was set down. Krillen just couldn’t take it. His wife was
floating, dead, in the air. He walked over to her once Ryoko had put her
down.

Krillen- 18…when I felt that pain…it was yours? (sniffs)

Ryoko looked at Mihoshi waiting for the flood to come, but it never did. She
had fainted. Kiyone picked her up and carried her out of the room.

Ryoko- Everyone stand back! I need room!

She held Vegeta’s body and took him into her room. She then took the others
too. At her last trip to get all the corpses up, Krillen tried to follow but
Ryoko wouldn’t allow it.

Ryoko- No. Only myself and Hisui may go. Come on Hisui.

Hisui- Ok.

The two of them teleported into Ryoko’s room. They each picked up a body and
walked through Ryoko’s closet. Past all of her clothing was a huge lab. They
set down the bodies onto beds and went and got the others. Once all the
bodies were on beds Ryoko put wires on each of the bodies which each lead to
a separate computer.

Ryoko- Hisui, you take care of Goku and Gohan and I’ll take care of the
others.

Hisui- Ok.

Ryoko turned and looked at the three computers in front of her. She
concentrated on 18’s first. She typed furiously and looked at Hisui who was
doing the same to Gohan’s computer. After an hour, 18’s and Gohan’s bodies
were ready. They now only had to wake up. Ryoko poured some purple liquid
into 18’s mouth which would dampen the pain when she woke up. Hisui did the
same to Gohan. Ryoko now concentrated on Vegeta. She typed quickly and Hisui
did too on Goku. In an hour, both were ready. The purple liquid was poured
into each of their mouths and Hisui sat beside Gohan’s bed, waiting. Ryoko
concentrated on Trunks and helped him too. Another hour passed and the
liquid was poured down Trunks’ throat. Ryoko sat beside 18’s bed, waiting.

Hisui- Ryoko?

Ryoko- Yeah?

Hisui- Shouldn’t we call up Krillen, Bulma and Chi-Chi?

Ryoko- Nah. We’ll wait.

So they waited. And waited. And waited. None of them were awake yet. Ryoko
heard everyone going to bed and Washu explaining that she didn’t know where
Ryoko had hidden her lab inside. That was the truth, she really didn’t.
Ryoko looked at 18’s life signs then at Vegeta’s and Trunks’. They were all
normal. Hisui was looking at Gohan’s and seeing that it was fine, turned her
attention back to Gohan. Suddenly, 18 twitched. Ryoko looked up. 18 then
moved her hand slightly and then opened her eyes.

18- Hi.

Ryoko- Hiya.

18- Who beat them then?

Ryoko- Me.

18- What happened to the others?

Ryoko- They got killed and so did you but I just revived you. Do you wanna
go see Krillen?

18- If I can get up.

Ryoko- You can but here’s some medicine. (throws her a bottle of the purple
liquid) It’ll dampen the pain.

18- Ok. (gets up slowly) Bye. Wait a minute…where am I?

Ryoko- Your in my secret lab. Go through that door. ( a door appears on the
wall) You’ll end up in my bedroom. Krillen’s on the couch in the main room.

18- Bye. (walks away)

Ryoko- (sighs) Vegeta should wake up next.

Ryoko turned her attention to Vegeta and watched him carefully. Hisui still
stared at Gohan. He still hadn’t woken. She sighed when Gohan’s finger
twitched. He started screaming as if in pain when he shouldn’t be, not after
he’d had some painkillers.

Hisui- (thinks) He must be having a nightmare. (speaks up) Gohan (shakes
him) wake up!

Gohan- (wakes up in a sweat) Hi Hisui.

Hisui- Gohan. (hugs him)

Gohan- Did we win?

Hisui- Yeah but it was Ryoko who beat them.

Gohan- But how did she get out of the tube?

Hisui- The energy that was fuelled by her anger shattered it.

Gohan- Oh. Where’s dad?

Hisui- He’ll wake any second.

They both turned to look at Goku and watched him carefully. Hisui started
pulling off wires from Gohan. Goku stirred but fell asleep again. They
sighed and Hisui hugged Gohan again. Meanwhile, Ryoko was still watching
Vegeta.

Ryoko- (thinks) He should have awoken by now.

As she was thinking this Trunks began to stir. She focused her attention on
him as his eyes began to open. He sat up slowly.

Ryoko- Hi Trunks.

Trunks- Ryoko? What happened? Did I die or something?

Ryoko- Yes, you died but I revived you. Here’s some painkillers (chucks him
a bottle of the purple liquid) You’d better go see your mom. She’s worried.

Trunks- (still half asleep) Ok. (walks through the door)

Ryoko sighed. She glanced at Hisui who had fallen asleep on Gohan. He looked
at her, smiled, and looked at Ryoko.

Ryoko- Go through that door (points to one behind him) There’s a bed in
there.

Gohan- Thanks. (picks up Hisui but looks at his dad)

Ryoko- I’ll watch Goku.

Gohan took Hisui into the next room while Ryoko watched over the two men. He
returned and sat back down and watched his dad. Goku stirred again but
didn’t fall asleep when Gohan whispered to him.

Gohan- Dad.

Goku- Gohan? Where am I? Did we beat them?

Ryoko- Yes. You died though along with everyone else who came to rescue me.
I revived you.

Goku- Without the dragonballs?

Ryoko- I can bring back the dead. It’s a gift from Tsunami, my aunt.

Goku- Oh. Who beat them?

Ryoko- Me. I shattered the tube because I got really pissed off. You two had
better go see Chi-Chi. She was crying her eyes out when she saw you two
dead.

Goku- Ok.

Gohan- Where is she?

Ryoko- In another spare room. Go through that door in front of you and
you’ll be in my room. Go out of my room and go into the room next-door on
the left. She’s in there. Don’t tell anyone of the location of my secret lab
because no-one can tell its here, k?

Goku- Ok. Bye!

Gohan- Bye!

The two of them walked out of the door and Ryoko looked at Vegeta. He
started shaking so she touched his forehead and he stopped. Ryoko’s eyes
drooped. She was so sleepy. She jolted up. She wasn’t going to fall asleep.
Her eyes drooped again. They closed, she fell asleep on Vegeta’s stomach. At
about 4 in the morning, Vegeta woke up. The first thing he saw was Ryoko on
his chest. He tried to get up without waking her but it was impossible. He
sat up slowly and Ryoko woke up.

Ryoko- Hi Vegeta.

Vegeta- Hi, woman.

Ryoko- (smiles)

Vegeta- (smirks)

Ryoko- (falls asleep again on Vegeta’s chest)

Vegeta- (smirks and puts his arms around Ryoko then falls asleep)

Meanwhile, in Chi-Chi’s room…

Goku- (whispers) We’d better be quiet Gohan…on second thoughts can you go
back to see Hisui?

Gohan- Why?

Goku- Because…just because.

Gohan- Ok dad. Bye. (walks out)

Goku- (sighs and walks up to Chi-Chi)

Chi-Chi- Goku! Gohan! No! Please don’t die!!!!

Goku- (thinks) She’s having a nightmare…but we really did die…oh well.
(shakes Chi-Chi) Chi-Chi! Wake up!

Chi-Chi- (wakes up) Huh? (sees Goku and hugs him) Goku! You’re alive!

Goku- Thanks to Ryoko and Hisui.

Chi-Chi- What about my poor baby?

Goku- Gohan’s fine too. He’s just sleeping.

Chi-Chi- (starts crying and grasps him even tighter) Oh Goku!

Goku- (strokes her head) Chi-Chi, we’re ok. And everything will be ok.

Meanwhile downstairs in the main room…

Krillen- (starts sweating)

18- (creeps up to him) Must be having a bad dream.

Krillen- Don’t die 18!

18- (smiles and climbs onto the couch and wraps her arms around Krillen)

Krillen- (wakes up) Huh? 18! You’re ok! (smiles and hugs her)

18- Yeah.

Krillen- (kisses her)

The two of them fell asleep on the couch with Krillen holding 18’s waist and
18’s arms wrapped tightly around Krillen’s neck. Trunks was heading to his
mother’s room. He opened the door quietly but a creak came from it and Bulma
awoke, presuming that she had been asleep.

Trunks- Hi mom.

Bulma- Trunks! You’re ok! (gets out of bed and hugs him) What about Vegeta?

Trunks- He hasn’t woken up yet.

Bulma- Oh. You’d better get to bed. You look tired.

Trunks- I’m fine mom.

Bulma- Go to bed NOW!

Trunks- (frowns like Vegeta and retires to his bedroom)

Speaking of Vegeta, it was 6:00am and he had just awoken. This would be the
time that he usually went to train but he dismissed the thought and stared
at Ryoko. She was still fast asleep. He watched her inhale and exhale for a
long time. He had no idea how long he had been staring at her seen as only
Ryoko and Hisui knew how to operate the computers. Ryoko yawned and Vegeta
looked at her face. She was so beautiful, he could never admit it though.
No-one even knew that he loved Bulma when he did.

Vegeta- (thinks) What? I don’t love Bulma anymore…I admit it. I love Ryoko.
(looks at her face again)

Ryoko was starting to wake up and when she did she was still half asleep.
Suddenly, a loud alarm went off from one of her computers and battle robots
appeared. Ryoko woke up completely and battled the robots. In less than 4
seconds, all 20 robots seized to exist. Vegeta blinked rapidly.

Vegeta- What the hell was that?!

Ryoko- My wake up call. In the morning an alarm goes off and I battle my
robots in order to wake me up.

Vegeta- (thinks) A real warrior’s start to the day.

Ryoko- Why thank you.

Vegeta- DON’T READ MY MIND!

Ryoko- Well sorry. (sarcastic)

Vegeta- (growls)

Ryoko- Now. Just lie back and relax, I’ll heal your outside wounds.

Vegeta- Outside wounds?

Ryoko- I healed your internal ones last night. Now stay still (brings up
holo-top and a machine goes over Vegeta’s body)

Vegeta- WHAT THE HELL?! GET ME OUTTA THIS THING!

Ryoko- In time. (types rapidly)

A few minutes passed but to Vegeta it seemed like hours. Ryoko eventually
got the machine off of Vegeta and he felt stronger than before.

Ryoko- There ya go! All done! (starts plucking off the wires from Vegeta)

Vegeta- (when all wires are off) About time!

Ryoko- Listen Vegetable-head I just spent a lot of my free time healing you
so have some gratitude you mentally unstable prat!

Vegeta- Listen woman I have training to do so move your ass you demon bitch!

Ryoko- Idiot!

Vegeta- Baffoon!

Ryoko- Son of a bitch!

Vegeta- Repulsive demon space trash!

That really hit a sore spot on Ryoko. She hated been called that.

Ryoko- (thinks) Ok Vegetable-head, see how you can handle this. (speaks)
Vegetable head you are such a WEAKLING! You have the I.Q of a vegetable and
the strength of one too! You repulsive idiotic WEAKLING!

That hit Vegeta’s sore spot. Him a weakling? Yeah right.

Vegeta- Space trash!

Ryoko- Weakling!

With each insult they moved closer to one another as if to prove a point.

Ryoko- Vegetable brain!

Vegeta- Idiotic spoilt brat!

Ryoko and Vegeta- TOOL!

With that word coming from both their lips they both backed down. Tears
formed in Ryoko’s eyes but she quickly brushed them away. Vegeta saw them
and felt a pain tug at his heart. Ryoko looked into his eyes and found them
to be full of hurt. She felt a tug of pain at her heart. Vegeta looked into
her eyes and she looked into his. They inched closer and closer. They were a
millimetre from each others mouths when…

Gohan- WHERE AM I?!

Vegeta growled. He almost had her for a second time but got interrupted
again. He swore that he would murder that little brat.

Ryoko- Better go see them. (walks into the room Gohan was in)

Vegeta- (curses under his breath)

Hisui- What’s the matter Gohan?

Gohan- Hi Hisui! Where am I?

Hisui- In my secret lab, remember?

Gohan- Oh yeah. (puts hand behind head Goku-style)

Ryoko- Everything ok in here?

Hisui- I think Gohan’s turning into Goku.

Ryoko- NO! Anything but that! One Goku and one Mihoshi are enough mentally
challenged people in this world!

Gohan- I’m not turning into dad.

Hisui- Then why did you put your hand behind your head like Goku does when
he’s embarrassed or doesn’t know something…which happens quite a lot.

Gohan- (puts hand behind head Goku-style)

Ryoko- See! You did it again! (laughs)

Hisui- (laughs)

Gohan- Stop it.

Ryoko- We’d better go, Chi-Chi will be wanting to see you.

The three of them walked into the main part of the lab and Ryoko was
surprised that Vegeta had vanished.

Ryoko- (thinks) Strange. He doesn’t know how to get out and nobody but me
can use heir powers in here, hmm…oh well. (points finger at specific part of
wall and door appears)

The three of them walked through it but before it closed, Vegeta slipped
through it. He had been hiding in the shadows. As the four of them entered
Ryoko’s bedroom, Vegeta teleported outside. The three of them turned around
and looked at each other. The two of them shrugged but Ryoko knew that
Vegeta had been there. They walked out of her room and Gohan and Hisui went
to Chi-Chi’s room. Ryoko went down the stairs and looked at 18 and Krillen.
Both had a smile on their face and had their arms wrapped protectively
around each other. 18 was squeezing Krillen very hard as if he would
disappear if she didn’t squeeze hard enough. Ryoko smiled at the sleeping
happy couple and sat down on the other couch. In Chi-Chi’s room, Chi-Chi was
wide awake and crying her eyes out. She was tightly hugging Gohan and Goku.
Hisui watched with a pleasant smile on her face. She put her hand on
Chi-Chi’s shoulder to offer some form of comfort. Chi-chi smiled smiled
slightly and stopped wailing like Mihoshi and just let the tears fall freely
down her face without a sound. She let go of Goku so he could sleep but held
on tightly to Gohan. Hisui tapped her shoulder to show that Gohan could
hardly breathe and she instantly let go. Hisui gave Gohan a gentle hug and
lead him out of the room. Chi-Chi fell back onto the bed and snuggled up to
Goku. Meanwhile downstairs, Ryoko was sat on the couch playing with her
holo-top. She was extremely bored but she just couldn’t get back to sleep.
It was 9:00am after all. She brought up her nutrition level and found that
she was normal. As usual. She checked her protein level. Normal. Her fat
level? Stomach as flat as a pancake. No change there. She spent a few
minutes making sure her diet, health and strength was perfect. Her strength
was above the level that it was the last time she checked. But no wonder,
she was more powerful than her own goddess mother and she was only a
demi-goddess. Her stomach rumbled.

Ryoko- Guess I’m hungry. I haven’t eaten in 24 hours, no wonder. Those
f**k*ng pricks didn’t even bother to feed me when I was stuck in that bloody
tube. Now then, computer I want a large sandwich.

Computer- State toppings Ryoko.

Ryoko- Everything. I’m ravenous!

Computer- Hold out your hands please.

Ryoko- Hands? Must be a pretty big sandwich! (sandwich appears in her hands)
Woah!

The sandwich was as 4 metres high and 1 metre wide. Ryoko still made short
work of it. In 5 minutes, it was gone.

Ryoko- (burps) That was great!

While Ryoko was eating her sandwich, a certain sayain had been spying on
her.

Ryoko- You can come out Vegeta ya know.

Vegeta tried to fly away but couldn’t move. His body had been frozen to the
spot!

Vegeta- Damn!

Ryoko- Now, why were you spying on me?

Vegeta- Why didn’t you just pick it out of my head like you did before,
demon.

Ryoko- Because you idiotic prick I don’t want to barge in on your thoughts.

Vegeta- Then why did you before!?

Ryoko- Because you had a look of surprise, passion and pleasure on your face
before. I was curious.

Vegeta- Well, I wasn’t spying! I was walking past!

Ryoko- (thinking) Very stupid move Vegetable (speaks up) But you fly
everywhere. And why did you hide behind a plant and stop for 5 minutes in
the same spot? Hmm…? I’m waiting…

Vegeta- er…

Ryoko- (smirks evilly but lets Vegeta go)

Vegeta- (frowns and growls)

Ryoko- (laughs)

Vegeta- (leaves the uncomfortable scene)

Ryoko- (laughs) That look on his face was priceless!

Tenchi- Ryoko…

Ryoko- Oh, it’s you. (turns away)

Tenchi- Listen Ryoko, we need to talk.

Ryoko- Everything was said already when you kissed that Sakuya bitch. Don’t
think I’m not hurt because I am! Besides, I’m not going to listen to you and
I’m never going back!

Tenchi- But if I don’t get your gem…

Ryoko- Oh? The gem. (looks at her wrist) Well you can have it back you back
stabbing weasly slimeball! (throws it at him and runs down the hall)

Tenchi- Ryoko wait! I need your help!

Ryoko- Well I’m not going to give it to you.

Tenchi- But we need to defeat Yugi before she comes into our world!

Ryoko- This is your fault you stupid prick! It was that Sakuya girl who
brought us apart and got the gang leaving one another but guess what!? I
DON’T CARE ANYMORE! I used to love you and on that date I thought that you
loved me, I was wrong. You love Sakuya. If you hadn’t fallen in love with
that familyless bitch then none of this would have happened! I’m staying in
this dimension! I don’t care if yours collapses! I HATE YOU! (runs to the
window and flies out)

Tenchi- Ryoko! WAIT! (runs to the window but is stopped by two bodies
blocking his way) Hi Trunks, hi Vegeta.

Vegeta- Shut your mouth boy!

Trunks- How dare you! She loved you but you broke her heart, right in front
of her face!

Vegeta- You don’t deserve to live.

Trunks- I suggest that now that you’ve got what you were looking for, you
and your 4 hoars go back to your dimension!

Tenchi- I have to speak to Ryoko.

Vegeta- If you go within 20 feet of her I’ll blast you into oblivion!

Trunks- Your welcome has been worn out.

Vegeta- Leave, NOW! OR ELSE!

Tenchi- (struggles to get out of Vegeta’s death grip, he had his hands
around his throat and was slowly gripping it tighter)

Ayeka- Leave lord Tenchi alone! (blasts Vegeta with a pathetic amount of
energy)

Trunks- Weakling.

Vegeta- Get out now. (blasts Ayeka down the stairs)

Tenchi- Miss Ayeka! (brings out the lighthawk wings and charges at the two
Sayains)

Vegeta- So the weakling wants to play? Well

Trunks- prepare to die.

The two of them then launched an attack on Tenchi.

Well that’s that chapter. Long huh? I no I said 4 hoars when there are 5 of
them well, you’ll find out which one Trunks missed out and why in the next
chapter! Soz it kinda took a while but like I said before, TEACHERS MESS
WITH YOUR BRAINS! THEY NEED TO BE ARRESTED! Two teachers then come and drag
Emily off and put her in a white coat. Before they arrest me if ya wanna
praise me (^_^), send me flames or just wanna chat to a beautiful lady then
e-mail me at petaholic2001@hotmail.com