I don't own any of the characters in this and am making no money off of 
them.The dragon ball z people
and Tenchi Muyo characters are not mine.
Plus I know that I use the Mihoshi Kyonei relationship alot aswell as the 
Tenchi Ryoko thing, but thats
how I see it.

Ryoko's Wish
by, Clayton Overstreet

  It was a normal day at the Masaki house hold. Tenchi had left early in the 
morning to work in his
carrot garden. Ryoko and Ayaka had started fighting at breakfast and that 
was how he had left them.
Sasami had made a terrific breakfast as always and his father and 
grandfather were away at work and
the shrine. Mihoshi had been hanging onto the arm of the newest addition to 
their group, Kyonei.
Washu had been in her lab immediately after eating, and Ryo-oki was playing 
with Sasami.
  As he worked away at the carrot patch, Tenchi's thoughts once again turned 
to his house guests. He
knew that Washu and Sasami thought he was cutem but they were more like 
family than love interests.
Mihoshi and Kyonei8 had been dating eachother since she had arrived to be 
Mihoshi's partner again.
Plus Sawsami and the humanoid Ryo-pki had a thing going.
  No, his choice was between Ryoko and Ayeaka, and he had already made his 
choice. He just didn't
lnow how to tell Ryoko how he felt about her, let alone telling Ayeaka. Oh 
well, he had plenty of time
to think about it.

  Ryoko sat in Washu's lab. Ryo-oki had found a strange golden ball with 
three stars on it. "What is it
Washu?" Washu had been analyzing it for days ande finaly figured it out. 
"It's called a Dragon Ball. I
once saw a similar one on the planet Namek. Once each year if you collect 
all seven on them the
dragon gives you between one or three wishes. Judging by the size of thses 
compaired to the three wish
balls of Namek, I'd say these give one." Ryoko stared in amazement. Suddenly 
she smiled and
laughed. "I have the perfect wish." Widdenly she grabbed the ball and bolted 
from the lab. On her way
out of the house she grabbed Ryo-oki and threw her into the sky. The cabbit 
morphed into her
spaceship form and they took off. "Ryo-oki, scan this ball and find the 
others!" Ryo-oki took off and
in a flash of light they were gone.

  Washu slowly followed Ryoko out of the lab. Everyone else was in an 
uproar. Ayeaka looked at the
little scientist and asked, "Where did Ryoko go Washu?" Washu looked at 
themand told them about
the Dragon Balls. "And you let her go! You know she'll just wish for Tenchi 
to fall inlove with her!"
Ayeaka yelled. Washu glanced at Ayeaka, "Possibly... I;m sure that was her 
first thought. But do you
honestly think she'd do that to Tenchi?" Ayeaka was about to yell a big 
'yes' in Washu's face but
stopped. She knew Ryoko better than that and despite all her hatred for the 
pirate, she knew that
Ryoko loved Tenchi deeply. "No, I suppose not, but you did just give her the 
power to do anything in
the world." Washu smilled and nodded, " Should be fun huh?"

  Tenchi had gotten home at about sunset. The others told him about Ryoko's 
little trip, then they all got
into a discussion on what they would wish for. That lasted for about an hour 
until they heard Ryo-oki
land outside. Everyone crowded to the door and saw Ryoko holding the balls. 
She set them down by
the lake and then stare at the sky. Everyone just watched for a moment and 
suddenly Tenchi started
towards Ryoko. Ayeaka reached out to stop him, but something stopped her. 
Suddenly Ryoko looked
down at the balls and yelled, "I summon the eternal dragon!" The balls began 
to glowand the sky
turned completely black. Huge waves swirled in the lake and suddenly there 
was a flash of light. Tenchi
stopped in his tracks and stared as an enormouse dragon appeared in the sky. 
The dragon looked
down at Ryoko, "You have summoned me. Make your wishes." Ryoko glanced back 
to where Tenchi
stood and nodded her head slightly. Turning back to the dragon she said, "I 
wish to be a normal human
so that Tenchi won't be afaid of me anymore." The dragon's eyes began 
glowing and suddenly Ryoko
felt strange. Tenchi looked at her, hearing her wish and his eyes finaly 
came away from the dragon. As
he watched Ryoko suddenly began to change before his eyes. He hair fell down 
around her shoulders,
loosing it's spiky look. Her eyes changed from yellow and cat-like to blue. 
Next her tail and fangs sank
in and disapeared. She began walking towards Tenchi smiling. "See Tenchi, 
now I am just like you so
you don't have to be scared anymore..." Suddenly she stopped and fell down. 
He face began to look
shriveled and old. Everyone ran towards her, Tenchi reaching her first. 
"Ryoko, what's happeneing?"
Tenchi looked up at the dragon, "What did you do to her?" The dragon looked 
down at him."She
wished to be a normal human. She is over two thousand years old. A normal 
human at that age is
dead." Tenchi's jaw dropped. He looked down at Ryoko. She looked exactly 
like she had when he
had fist seen her, as the mummy in the cave. She reached up and rbbed his 
face with her hand, "I got
my wish Tenchi." Suddenly her hand fell and her eyes closed.
  Tears began streaming down everyone's cheeks. Tenchi held Ryoko's dry hand 
and looked at her.
"I'm sorry Ryoko. I never should have been afraid of you. Now it's too late 
to even tell you that... I
love you Ryoko..." He leaned forward and kissed Ryoko on the lips, his tears 
falling to her cheeks.
Ayeaka sat theree quietly. She new she had just lost Tenchi, but this was 
neither the time nor place
for jealosy. She stared out at the lake and saw the refection of the dragon, 
"What are you still doing
here? Haven't you caused enough trouble?" The dragon growled and looked at 
them, "I can not leave
until the second wish is made.": Washu gasped, "It seems my calculations 
were off." Suddenly Mihoshi
said, "Wait, we have another wish? Then why don't we have him bring Ryoko 
back?" Everyone
looked at her stunned. "Mihoshi, that's brilliant!" Kyonei yelled and kissed 
the blond officer.Tenchi
glanced up at the dragon, "Can you do that?" The dragon nodded, "Yes, but 
only once." Tenchi stood
up and said, "Then we wish for Ryoko to be just like she was before she made 
her wish!" The dragon's
eyes glowed red ," Your wish is granted." The balls glwed and suddenly 
Ryoko's body began to fill out.
He eye's fluttered open, once again those of a cat ,"Ten...Tenchi? What 
happ..." She was cut off by
Tenchi's kissing her and everyone else suddenly hugging her all at once, 
even Ayeaka. Tears fell from
Ryoko's eyes as she kissed Tenchi back. Then smiled and said, "Wow Tenchi, 
what was that for?"
They all looked a her, "You don't remember?" She shook her head, "No, I was 
about to make my
wish and then... Tenchi was kissing me." Everyone laughed and told her what 
had happened. "I'm sorry
I didn't tell you how I felt before Ryoko. You too Ayeaka. I should have 
said something before now."
Tenchi said. Both girls looked at him understandingly. Suddenly Ryoko looked 
up at the dragon.
"Thank you." The dragon nodded and vanished. The dragon balls rose up into 
the air and vanished.
Tenchi turned back to Ryoko and kissed her again. Suddenly a new voice was 
heard behind them.
  "Well isn't this a touching moment. But you idiots just waisted the two 
wished we needed." Everyone
turned and saw a strange man standing behind them. He had black spiky hair, 
quite similar to Ryoko
and Washu's. He wore a bue and white suit kind of like armor. Ayeaka 
recognized him almost
immediately, and at the same time he recognized her. Ayeaka bowed, "Prince 
Vegita." Vegita bowed
back, "Princess Ayeaka." Everyone looked at Ayeaka, "Who is this guy?" 
Tenchi asked. Kyonei
pulled out the galaxy police I.D. machine. "He is Prince Vegita, last of the 
Sayan's and responsible for
the destruction of hundreds of planets in the name of Lord Freeza. They were 
never brought to trial
due to diplomatic immunity." Vegita nodded, "I no longer work for Freeza. I 
live on this planet, and I
am not the last Sayan. Cacarat, also known as Goku lives here aswell, and we 
both have son's."
  "What do you want Vegita?" Tenchi asked. Vegita looked at him and sneered, 
"What's it to you boy?"
Tenchi looked at him, "This is my house and you insulted us. Explain 
yourself." Laughing Vegita looked
at them all. "Why should I? I am one of the strongest people in the 
universe. Who are you all to
demand anything of me? Except ofcourse for Ayeaka and Sasami here." Tenchi 
stood up and
summoned his battle outfit. "I am Tenchi Misaki, crown prince of Jurai. This 
is my grandfather Yosho,"
Tenchi motioned to the old man in the back. "My father Nobiyuki, the great 
mad... I mean eccentric
scientist Washu, Ryoko the space pirate," As Tenchi introduced everyone 
Vegita's jaw suddenly
dropped, "...Ryo-oki the space pirate, and Detectives Kyonei and Mihoshi 
from the Galaxy police."
Suddenly all the color drained from Vegita's face, "Did...did you say 
Mihoshi!" Before the could
respond everyone's attention was taken by a group of people flying and 
landing next to Vegita.
"Who are all of you?" Tenchi asked looking at all the people. A young boy, 
about twelve stepepd
forward."Hi, I'm Gohan. Sorry Mr.Personality had to be the guy to meet you." 
He smiled and looked
at Vegita. Vegita had finaly regained his composure, though was still 
glancing nervously at Mihoshi.
Tenchi smiled, "Hey, I regognize you. Weren't you that kid who fought Sel 
last year?" Gohan blushed
and nodded. Then he pointed around at the group, "These are my friends 
Yamcha, Tein, Bulma,
Trunks..." When mentioning Trunks Gohan pointed to both a young man in a 
suit simialr to Vegita's and
a two year old in Bulma's arms, "...a time travelar, Yamacha, these are 
Krillan and Mr.Picolo." The last
person Gohan pointed out was a green guy with antena's.
  Tenchi smiled and repeated introductions of his own, though nobody else in 
the group recognized any
of them,. When he told them that they were royalty everyone bowed 
respectfully. Vegeta just snorted
and said, "You never bow to me like that." The group just laughed. Bulam 
walked over to Vegeta and
kissed his cheek, "Cheer up your highness." Vegeta tried to hide the small 
smile he got at that.
Tenchi looked back at Gohan, "So why are you all here?" Gohan looked at him, 
"We were going to
use the dragon balls to go to new Namek and bring my dad back to life." 
Tenchi looked down sadly.
"I'm sorry, but we just used the wishes." Gohan looked down and a tear 
trickled down his cheek. Then
Washu stepped forward, "No problem. We have several space ships and would be 
glad to take you
to wherever you need to go." Gohan looked up happily, "Realy! Neat." Sasami 
stood up, "I had just
finished making dinner, would you like to join us?" Gohan looked up, "Are 
you sure you have enough?
We eat alot you know." Sasami laughed. "I bet Ryoko eats more than any of 
you." Ryoko blushed
from her place in Tenchi's arms. Gohan smiled and nodded. They all went 
inside.
  Once the meal was underway everyone got to talking. "So you are the guy's 
that beat Sel? I heard
some guy named Hercule did it." Gohan smiled, "Well he did help out a bit, 
but he couldn't do anything
to Sel except maybe bruise his knuckles hitting him." Sasami looked over at 
Picolo, "Aren't you going
to eat anything?" Picolo looked at her and smiled. "I only ever drink water. 
Other than that I use
photosynthisis." Sasami smiled, "Well atleast try some of the chocolate cake 
I made." She handed him
a slice and smiled. Picolo took a bite and his eyes widened, "Wow, so this 
is what food tastes like?"
  Everyone nodded and laughed as Picolo gulped down the cake. "So why did 
you guy's need to go to
Namek? I couldn't you have used the ones here... If we hadn't?" Tenchi 
asked. Gohan smiled. "No, the
Earth dragon balls were used to bring him back before, and the Namekian 
balls can bring people back
several times. We were also planning to bring back android 16, another of 
our friends Sel killed."
Tenchi nodded, "I'm sorry we weren't there to help, but until afew months 
ago I thought I was a normal
Earth kid." Tenchi told them how he had met everyone, smiling and kissing 
Ryoko when he finished
describing the event at his school.
  Gohan and the others listened intently as Tenchi described their fights 
with Kagato. Vegeta just
looked at him stunned, "YOU... You killed Kagato and can use the light hawk 
wings!" Vegeta went
over to the window and punched the wall. Bulma yelled at him as a huge hole 
appeared. Tenchi calmed
her down "It's ok, that happpens alot, but why is he so upset?" Bulma smiled 
and switched baby
Trunks to the opposit side. "He's just a little upset. He always wanted to 
be the strongest fighter in the
universe, but someone always seems to get stronger than him." Sasami walked 
over to Vegeta and put
a hand on his back. Vegeta looked at her and suddenly the transparent form 
of Tsunami appeared
above her. "Vegeta, you will never be the strongest." Vegeta looked at her 
and suddenly smiled, "You
mean that no matter how hard I train, even with a wish from the dragon 
balls, there will always be some
one stronger than me?" Tsunami smiled and nodded, "Yes. I myself am a 
goddess, which is about as
high as it gets." Suddenly tears streamed down Vegeta's cheeks and he 
started laughing, "Thank you,
thanks you for telling me that!" Everyone looked at him stunned. Trunks 
turned to Tsunami and asked,
"Why is he so happy about this? All he ever wanted was to be the best..." 
Tsunami smiled knowingly
and shook her head. "Vegeta always thought that if he trained enough he 
could become the strongest.
He never wanted to be, but his pride in his Sayan heritage and his need as 
the last of his line to prove
that his people could do anything is what drove him. Now that he knows that 
it will never happen he
can finaly do what he wants with his life." Everyone suddenly smiled. "Oh I 
see. Now Vegeta doesn't
have to act like such a jerk." Bulma said. Tsunami nodded and the part 
continued.

  The next day everyone was lined up next o the lake. Bulma turned to Washu, 
"Where are these space
ships you told us about." Washu grinned and looked at her, "You doubt the 
word of the greatest
scientist in the univers?" She turned to Kyonei and Ryoko, "Should we take 
Ryo-oki or Yokinoja?"
Ryoko and Kyonei smiled at eachother, "I think Ryo-oki would be more 
impressive for our friends
here, don't you?" Ryoko asked. Kyonei nodded in return. Gohan was confused, 
"I though this was
Ryo-oki." He said picking up the cabbit."Hey!" He yelled as Ryoko grabbed 
Ryo-oki by the head and
threw her into the air. Suddenly Ryo-oki yowled loudly and morphed into an 
enormouse space ship.
The Z fighters stared in awe as they were teleported onto Ryo-oki. Bulma 
looked at Washu, "You
made this? You are the greatest scientist in the universe!" Washu smiled and 
pinched her own cheeks,
"Don't forget the cutest!" Everyone laughed.
  Ryo-oki's view screen came on and everyone got a great view of the planet. 
"Ok, now give me the
coordinants of new Namek." Ryoko said. Bulma handed them a piece of paper 
and she transfered the
data to Ryo-oki. As they got going everyone watched the stars pass by. 
Gohan, Krillan and Bulam told
everyone about their trip to the original Namek. Vegita also had some 
interesting space stories, mostly
having to do with Freeza ordering him to destroy the planet he was sent to. 
Bulma laughed and kissed
his cheek. For the first time Vegeta neither ignored or acted embarrassed. 
Tenchi and Ryoko turned to
eachother and smiled. Krillin looked at them too and smiled, "I hope my wife 
is doing alright with the
baby." Tenchi looked at him. "Oh, didn't I tell you? I married Android 18 
last year." Everyone patted
him on the back and listened while he told the about it.

  It took nearly two days for them to reach new Namek. When they arrived all 
the people came out to
see them. All of them looked like Picolo with afew minor variations. The 
Nameks brought out seven
giant sized dragon balls. The head Namek spoke the incantation and the same 
things that had
happened bofore happened again. Once the dragon was summoned the eldest 
Namek turned to
Gohan. "What is your first wish?" Gohan smiled and said, "We wish for Goku 
to be brought back to
life." After the Namek had relayed the wish to the dragon it looked down at 
Goku, "Alright, your wish
is granted, but he'd better be dead this time." The dragon's eyes glowed and 
suddenly a man who
looked remarkably like Gohan apeared. "Daddy!" Gohan yelled and hugged him. 
The dragon looked
down, "Come on, come on. I haven't got all day." Bulma looked at the Namek, 
now wish for Android
16 to be brought back." The Namek made the wish and a giant man with a red 
mohawk appeaed. He
smiled at them but kept strangely quiet. The Namek looked at them, "What do 
you want for your last
wish?" Goku looked at him, "I was thinking... could he make it so that 
Chi-chi isn't mad at us when we
get home?" The dragon shook his head, "Sorry but some things are beyond my 
power." Everyone
chuckled and Goku rubbed his head. "In that case, how about a wish that when 
we get back we all
have a big party?" He turned to Tenchi and the gang. "Would you guys like to 
come?" They all nodded
and said yes. The Namek gave the dragon the last wish and he vanished.

  On the way back Goku was introduced to everyone. Washu was the most 
pleased to find out about
the sayan abilities and had convinced them all to come to her lab for some 
tests. They all readily agreed
but then felt nervouse when the others started giving their condolences. 
Washu laughed evily.

  When they arrived home they found that a huge party had been set up 
outside the Misaki residence.
At it were a gorgeouse blond haired woman holding a baby and an angry 
looking lady. Krillan ran over
to the blond and they kissed. Goku and Gohan were the last to get off the 
ship. They peered around
the corner, "Goku, Gohan get out here right now!" They waled ver to Chi-chi. 
She looked at them
angrily. Then she broke out into tears and hugged them, "I missed you so 
much." They hugged her
back and smiled. Ryo-oki had taken on her toddler form and stood infrom of 
everyone. She started to
sing her little song, "Myow myow myow myow, myow myow myow. Myow myow myow."
She bowed as everyone told her how cute she was.
  By the end of the party they were all good friends. "Hey, the next time 
the world is going to end, how
about we all work together huh?" Goku said. Tenchi smiled and nodded. 
Suddenly they heard a call
from the house. "Excuse me, but incase you forgot some of you promised to 
come in for tests and afew
experiments." They all looked at her, "Wait a minute, you said tests. 
Nothing about and ex..." Suddenly
all the Z fighters found themselves strapped to tables in Washu's lab naked. 
"Uh oh..."

  Authors note:

I decided to do a crossover and this is what came out. My next fan fic 
should be my only fan fic from
the Tenchi in tokyo. If you want to tell me what you think about any of 
these, just email me at
clayton_n@hotmail.com
