TenchiMuyo OAV/StreetFighter #1 by Michael Yu  (myuyu@ucdavis.edu)

Disclaimer:  TenchiMuyo belongs to AIC/Pioneer.  StreetFighter 
belongs to Capcom.  The Story belongs to me.

Author's Note:  This is my first, please don't kill me if u don't 
like it.  The character Ryu is my own personal interpretation, I 
couldn't find too much information about his characteristic beside 
the fact he LOVES fighting and kept searching for new challenges.  
Also, I mixed up all his experiences from every single fighting 
game he appeared in, including Street Fighter 1,2,3; X-man v.s. 
StreetFighter; StreetFighter Alpha 1,2; Street Fighter EX and so 
on....   Please send me any C&C u have I would appreciate it. ^_^ 
Thank you.

        He is back in Japan again.  After traveling the world so 
many times, it is good to be back in Japan.  For the last few weeks 
he had enjoyed walking in the peaceful country side of Japan and 
trained himself at every opportunity.  Now, Ryu look at the 
beautiful scenery and slowly walk up the stairs leading to a 
shrine, hoping to find shelter for the night.  The stairs are long 
but he is in no hurry, slowly and patiently he walked, keeping his 
head clear of thoughts.  Then suddenly he felt a presence behind 
him.  The instinct he gained from hundreds of fight instantly 
reacted and he spun around to face his stalker.  
        
        There stood a beautiful woman.  Her golden eyes blinking 
with confusion on her face.  Long, spiky light blue hair, that 
flowed down to her waist, with two long locks that dangled past her 
ears.  She is dress in a tight dress that really did justice for 
her body feature and there is a tail behind it.  To Ryu, her 
beauty, the color of her hairs and eyes, and even the tails were 
not a concern for him at all.  What really intrigued him is the 
distance between the two of them, it was only about two or three 
meters.  Until just now, Ryu could have swore that after all the 
years of fighting there is simply no one who can sneak up behind 
him to such closeness.  "Perhaps I would find more than just 
shelter in this mountain,", thought Ryu, "a worthy opponent!"  A 
smile slowly came to Ryu's face.

        Ryoko stared at the stranger with a puzzled look on her 
face.  "How did he know I was behind him?"  The instant she 
teleported behind him, the stranger turned around to face her.  
Completely reversed her plan of scaring the shit out of him, 
instead, now she stood surprised and not sure what to do.  She 
carefully examine the man in front of him, human, and most likely 
Japanese.  Wearing a head bandanna and a very strange white custom 
with a black belt tied at the waist.  "Hmm... I am sure I had seen 
this custom before...... Karate! That's it!"  Then she noticed he 
started smiling.  She looked at his face and noticed that he is 
very handsome.   In a very different way from Tenchi.  On his face, 
she could find determination, confidence, and strength (yes, u got 
it, I am saying Tenchi has no spine).  A man who had chose his life 
path and walked with no regret.  Yet, in another sense, she felt 
the stranger is similar to Tenchi.  Both are kind, brave, and 
honorable.  As her thought went back and forth between the man and 
Tenchi, the man suddenly spoke, "I am Ryu, would you fight with 
me?"

        Ryu frowned a little as he saw the woman in front of him 
bursted into laughter.  "You...hahaha.... you want to fight against 
me?"  Although not happy at the reaction, Ryu is not really upset.  
He is not a person who gets easily offended, and learned how to 
keep his emotion under check long ago because letting anger 
blinding one's judgment is not exactly a good thing for fighting.  
So he just stood and looked at the woman.  Finally the woman 
stopped, as suddenly as she had bursted into laughters.  "You are 
serious!", the woman said surprisingly.  "Okay.", she said and 
raised her hand to aim at a rock to the side of the stairs.  Then a 
orange-red plasma discharge from her hand destroyed the rock and 
created a small hole in the ground.  Ryu looked at the hole, not 
impressed.

        Ryoko looked at the small hole she just created and smiled 
wickedly.  "This should teach this guy something, think twice 
before going up to a space pirate and challenge her."  She turned 
back to face Ryu.  And again found her plan reversed.  Ryu just 
looked at the hole in the ground casually and she is the one 
getting irritated as hell.  But before she could say anything, Ryu 
put his hands together at the right side of the his waist and 
yelled, "Hado-Ken!"  As Ryu pushed with both of his hand, a blue 
fireball came out of his hands and hit a different rock to the side 
of the stair.  Destroyed the rock and created a hole in the ground.  
Ryoko looked at the hole, very impressed.  She stood there and 
looked at the hole Ryu created, then stared at Ryu intensely, 
trying to find any evidence to suggest that he is not really human 
but an alien in disguise.  "Gee, there got to be something I can do 
that could impress this guy.", she is feeling very uncomfortable 
about the fact of losing to a pure bred "human".   Without warning, 
she suddenly took off from the ground and started to float in mid-
air.  "Don't tell me you can do this too.", Ryoko's anger went up a 
level when she saw the calm face of Ryu again.  

        "No, I can't.", replied Ryu, "but I know a few people who 
could."  In his mind, the image of Storm and Rogue appeared.  
Memories of the time he fought against Apocalypse with the X-man 
resurfaced.  His chain of thought was distracted when the strange 
woman in front of him asked, "What about this!?"  As she suddenly 
disappear and reappear behind him, "Know anybody who can do this?!"  

        "Yes.", Ryu's reply was simple and clear.  Which only 
served to increase Ryoko's anger by another level.  "WHO?!", was 
all she could muttered through her gritting teeth.  "Dhalsiam, and 
also M. Bison.", reply Ryu in his usual calm manners as he turned 
around to face her, "Dhalsiam mastered the skill through years of 
Yoga training, and M.Bison do it using his psychic ability." Not 
really knowing what else she could do, she just floated there for a 
few seconds.  "Damn.", Ryoko muttered quietly then finally gave up 
and landed to introduce herself.  "My name is Ryoko, space pirate."  
When she noticed Ryu's reaction to her last statement, she smiled.


 

  * * *   * * *   * * *   * * *   * * *   * * *   * * *   * * *   * 
* *   * * *   * * *   * * *  





        Ryu thought he had seen every thing there is to see on this 
planet.  Well, he was probably right. After all, he had travel the 
world so many times and fought with some of the strangest people in 
the world; for examples, skilled fighters that range from Kung Fu 
Master to Professional Boxer, mutants, a guy who is half ice and 
half fire, and even a skeleton that shoot spikes out of it's body.  
"But, I guess the world is bigger than just Earth.", Ryu thought as 
he walked toward the front gate of the house.  Few minutes ago, 
while Ryoko and him are walking up the stairs to the house, Ryoko 
and Ryu talked a little bit and she learned that he is looking for 
shelter.  Ryoko told him that the Masaki house has some spare rooms 
and Tenchi wouldn't mind letting him stay.  However, she also 
warned him about the various guests living in the house and gave 
him a quick briefing.  Two huge wood blocks, Two alien Princesses, 
Two alien Princes, Two Galaxy Police officers, A 20,000 years old 
genius, Ryoko herself, a space ship named Ryo-ohki, and a middle-
aged "human" who seem out of place with the group.  It was then 
that Ryoko remembered that originally she was going to town to get 
some sake before she ran in to Ryu and tried to scare him.  As she 
teleported away, she left some nasty warning about the older alien 
Princess being a stuck up bi**h.  
        
        As he continued toward the gate, distracted by what Ryoko 
had told him, he almost didn't notice the two huge wood cylinder-
shaped blocks closing in to block his way.  Ryu looked at the two 
wood blocks, one with a red character painted on it and the other 
with a blue character.  A quick impulse of breaking the two wood 
blocks struck him, but he quickly controled himself, "Stupid old 
habit from karate-training."  "Greeting sir, may I ask what is your 
business here?",said the block to the left. "This must be Azaka and 
Kamadaki that Ryoko was talking about.", Ryu thought, then he 
replied, "Ryoko invited me."   "Lady Ryoko's guest?!", the block to 
the right said surprisingly but then quickly caught itself, "Please 
come in, sir."  The wood block move to the side and let Ryu pass. 
"Thank you.", said Ryu as he walked pass the guardians.

        Azaka and Kamadaki looked at the back of Ryu as he walked 
toward the house.  "What do you think of our new guest."  "A very 
polite man for human."  "Yes, the paperboy was barbaric compare to 
this gentleman." The two of them was still very unhappy with the 
encounter with the paperboy last time.  "Perhaps he would bring 
some peace to the house."  "Maybe...."  "At least it couldn't get 
any worse."  The two wood blocks suddenly fell silence.  Big sweat 
drops appeared on them.

        Ryu stood at the front door. Looking at the door, he smiled 
a little.  After wandering around the world searching for 
challenges. He had the feelings of his journey is slowly coming to 
an end as he defeated his opponents one after another.  But now, 
behind the door that stood before him, he realize this is a whole 
new start for his journey.  This is another level of challenge, 
with new land to explore and powerful fighters to conquer.  Ryu 
smiled and pushed the doorbell.
