Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters or the animes, 
only the ones I made up for this crossover. No need to sue me,
like most fic writers, I'm poor as the next man (Eventhough you
could probably find another way to punish me ^^;;;;;;)
I may use a few other cameos dealing with other animes in this
 X-over too.
      This is an X-over fic of the said three series. 
DragonballZ starts from after the Buu, a year after Gokou 
flies off to train Ubuu. The animated movies, particularly, Movies; 3-13, are 
also in reference to this fic. (Eventhough I know there not canon.)  SailorMoon 
takes off after 5 months the R series. Unfortunately I don't know too much about 
after R (Ugh, it sucks to be American ...no...Wait... It's the censors who 
suck,) and Tenchi Muyo comes from after where the first year OVA left off after 
the Kagato incident, after the Ryuten incident in the manga, and after of the 
Tenchi Muyo OVA movie, Daughter of Darkness(Manastu no Eve). One more thing as 
well, for balance, the worlds between Dragonballz and the other two said animes 
are melded together to a certain extent. Things like hovercars and such do 
exist, but only rich people, villians and such own them. And anthromorphic 
humans also exist, but to a lesser, more rare extent. Whew, now that I got that 
out the way, on to the fic. Let's hope this works ^^;;
I HOPE YOU ENJOY THE RIDE!


                         Sailor Dragon Muyo:
                     Universe's Best Saga Episode 1:
                         The Con Man Cometh!
   
      Dawn was just settling in. A girl, with long, waist length, raven black 
hair, wearing a loose white dogi top with matching red bottom half, sat kneeling 
in front of a special flame which burned peacefully the shrine. The girl sat and 
prayed silently to the sacred flame, asking for it's possible premonitions of 
what they had seen that very last night, and guidance on what may soon be in 
store for her and her friends. A few moments passed, and images came slowly 
streaming into her mind, images that seemed to linger in a outlined shadow of 
mist which gave form to everone she saw. One was of the large being they saw the 
past night. The picture of the being suddenly swirled about as another image 
came forth, one of the being suddenly expanding wildly and exploding into a 
great white light. She took satisfaction into seeing the monster would soon be 
destroyed, but then another image formed into her head. In it, she could tell, 
all of the Scouts were transformed, battered and bruised, their uniforms showing 
great signs of wear and tear, and they were obviously losing. She also caught 
sight of something else, she just noticed now how vivid these images were, which 
might mean that this future might be close in coming. But in the image, they 
weren't alone. Others were there along them; people she was pretty sure that 
they did not know. She could tell they all held great power, but despite that, 
they were in no better condition. For a few of them, their clothes were little 
more than torn and ravaged rags, others, their clothing seemed to have stood up 
to the punishment they took, but the visible blood she could see on everyone's 
faces, Senshi and non-Senshi alike; streamed down and caked everyone's darkly 
lit face. 
  
    She noticed something else now.  

       There was a darkness about them, like they were standing in an even 
darker shadow or something. They were. It was the shadow of a large, towering 
monster, obviously the thing that they all were fighting. It was weird, but as 
scary and horrifying the shadowing creature looked, she didn't sense or feel any 
evil intent from it. More like; a determination. Or a want. But she did feel the 
imfathable power it radiated, even through the simple image. Power....

      That possibly dwarfed the energy from the Ginozuishou; the Imperium Silver 
Crystal.
 
      This scared her most of all. The crystal was almost unbeatable. It was 
always the last resort to all battles, for it was almost impossible to contain 
amount of energy dispersed from it. It's quite a feat that SailorMoon (or 
Princess Serenity better yet) used the crystal many a time and lived. The image 
suddenly started to dim and fade quickly out of existence in her mind as if her 
paid time was up. She opened her eyes, not knowing that they were closed in the 
first place. The look on her face obviously said she didn't like what she had 
just saw, and it also made her curious... Who were those other people? she 
wondered. She sat there deep in thought, trying to remember the faces she barely 
saw, which were now also fading quickly from her memory, much like when one has 
a dream and unwillingly forgets it in the morning. Only the most visible facts 
remained, and she couldn't forget the horrible amount of power she felt in the 
vision coming from that gigantic monster. But then she remembered something just 
as horrifying.
       
      She had school today and was going to be late for class if kept sitting 
there staring at nothing. Sighing, Raye got up and prepared for school.
       
  -------
 
     "So, is it the Dark Kingdom, the Black Moon,  or WHAT?!" Luna asked for the 
fourth time during that Friday morning. She wasn't with them last night when 
they went after the new possible youma that showed up that last night. And 
everytime so far during their morning run to 
school, her reply was either 'Maybe,' 'I guess,' or 'whatever
yeah yeah yeah,' which meant from the exhaustion she was showing at 
this moment, they were about halfway to school. Annoyed with Luna's 
constant questions, Usagi slowed her run to a fast walk as she
collected her scrambled thoughts. 

     "It LOOKED like a monster, right?" Luna asked.

     "Well, yeah," Usagi replied, still showing fatigue.

     "And it ATTACKED you?" The black cat persisted.

     "Ummm, now that I think of it, it probably would have if that Satan guy 
hadn't showed up...though that was his house and all..."

     "And speaking of which, who is this 'Satan' guy anyway?" 
But before the pigtailed blond could reply to that, a voice popped
up from nowhere behind them;
     
      "JUST QUITE ARUGUABLY THE GREATEST FIGHTER IN THE ENTIRE 
WORLD!!"
      
      Both cat and teenager screamed and flailed for a couple
Of seconds before their minds finally registered the voice,

     "Makoto!" Usagi yelled, "Watch the decimals would ya?"

     "Sorry," the Brunette responded rubbing the back of her
neck sheepishly, "But it was pretty cool! We all got to see 
the 'World Champion' himself in action!" She continued, throwing
out quick set of punches and kicks, Usagi having to duck
most all of them covering her head. 

       "I see -someone's- had alot of sugar in there cereal this
morning," The SailorScout leader mumbled. "So why are you getting
to school late with us-- wait, I know, you overslept right?!"

The green scout slowly nodded twice, "I was kind of up all 
night after that visit of ours and all the excitement had me up all.."
She yawned, "night long.... I was so hyped up the we got to 
meet him that I couldn't sleep last night..."
     
     "Don't worry, I'm sure you can catch up on your sleep in
history class!" Usagi joked. Makoto smiled nervously. That was
probably what she was going to end up ACTUALLY doing... except the
class may well be math class instead...

     "EXCUSE me," the black cat persisted, "But WHO 
is this 'MrSatan' person?!" Wait, haven't I heard that name
before? She thought for a moment.

Deciding that maybe they should explain what happened on their
little romp last night before their guardian cat finds a new 
job as a scout killer....            


That past Thursday, 10:42 p.m. Dead of night.

       It's been a long time since the scouts saw or heard of any
attacks that might've been related to the NegaVerse. Nothing but
peace and quiet every since they destroyed the Doom Phantom and 
saw Chibi Usa off to her real time, things got boring... a robbery
here...a crime there...until now that is. 
      Ami's computer, after a long 6 and 1/2 months picked up a strange
disturbance of energy. The town was 3 cities off from where
they were but wasn't a problem to reach with Sailor Teleport. Appearing a few 
buildings away from the scene Sailor Mercury was soon able 
to lock in on the being's coordinates, which was at a nearby grocery store. With 
a few leaps, the scouts stealthily made their way over onto a high building for 
a good view of the situation, unseen by anyone thanks to the darkness of the 
night.
 
      "You would think the Dark Kingdom would get a new routine
sometimes," Sailor Jupiter whispered. Sailor Mars nodded twice 
with a grin on her face, 
       
      "That's evil for you! Never changes from the script."

The two almost started laughing until Mercury shushed them down.
      "I think I see something on the roof! Look!"

      And like the blue scout said, something was slowly rising 
through the roof of the Supermarket with some things in hand, probably items 
from out of the store it was just in.
     The monster was round-like in shape, and it's pinkish color was  visible 
even in the darkness. White pants were also visible on the being, along with 
small yellow shoes that showed that his shoe size did not match his upper body, 
which was wide and round, and he also had on large matching yellow gloves. The 
Sailor Soldiers could hear low rusty giggles coming from their adversary from 
afar as he soon laid down his 
materials and start to dig hungrily into it's contents. 

      "Weird..." Sailor Mercury mumbled aloud, "But I don't
think I exactly remember a Monster from the Dark Kingdom or
NegaMoon actually doing that...."

    "Doing what?" The others of the Senshi inquired.

     "Well," She answered, zooming in with her visor and typing
furiously on her microcomputer, "He's ummm...eating!"

     Uneasy silence. Mercury didn't seem to notice the awkward looks
her friends were giving her.

       "Soo....what's the big deal with that?" Sailor Mars asked.

      "Well...Do you remember the last time you saw a NegaVerse lackey, a 
Cardian, or a Negamoon Droid actually eating 'human food'?" 
  
    The scouts thought about that for a moment, and found that
the blue scout was right. They couldn't remember near anyone from
the Dark Kingdom wanting anything but life energy, not food.
And from Mercury's view, this thing was shoving alot of it into 
it's face.


     "Maybe it's a new plan of theirs," Sailor Venus inquired.

     "Yeah, eat all the world's food and leave us to world hunger,"
Jupiter joked. "Don't we have Usagi for that?" Mars teased.

      "I HEARD THAT," Sailor Moon said, glaring at the red scout.
     "But Anyway, let's go put a stop our 'out-of-town' shoplifter,
okay? ....I'm kinda tired...and I want to get back to bed..."

      "Yeah...Let's send him back where he belongs!" The other 
scouts intoned together. With a jump, all of the Sailor 
Soldiers leapt off the building and into the darkness.

----
 
      "Mmmmmmmm....Gooood!!!" The pink being laughed with his rusty 
voice as he took in another globby handful of 'Gene Genuine's
Crunchy Peanut Butter'. This supermarket was one of the few places nearby that 
sold this brand in the bulk he liked... the 73oz. jars.
Sure, the way he was acquiring these goods at this time was probably
wrong, but they were all out of the peanut butter and his sweettooth
was in full gear tonight. They wouldn't miss a few jars...he made 
sure nobody saw his entry through the ceiling (The hole he made to get
in was still dripping chocolate around the sides), and it wouldn't hurt
anything just doing it this once...or twice... or however many times
he's done it so far. Besides, MrSatan got things for free all the time,
everywhere he went. Big deal about this.
      He continued his munching on his prized possessions oblivious to
the approach of the five sailor fuku clad girls until he heard the 
sudden clap of footsteps behind him. The chubby fat pink being turned
and took a good look at the 5 Sailor Scouts now standing across from him on the 
roof, arms crossed and each standing in the same dramatic pose.

 
     "Hellooo, Negatrash," Sailor Venus started.

     "I guess the vacation's over?" Sailor Mercury sarcastically asked.

     "Tsk, tsk, I guess there is no rest for evil," Sailor Jupiter
joked darkly.

     "But we'll be happy to send your chubby pink tail back where 
you came from!" Sailor Mars stated. 
  
     "Yeah, in a fat pile of moondust!" Sailor Moon finished.
     
     "In the name of the Moon!"

     "Mercury!"
      
     "Venus!"
     
     "Mars!"

     "Jupiter!"

All five scouts then made a strange sync of arm movements and ended
The patented cross-arm point;

     "We shall punish you!!"

      A long moment of utter silence filled the rooftop. Sometime during that 
silence, a gust of wind decided to whistle by as if to punctuate on the 
scene...... and then more silence. The Senshi, now lowering their hands, 
couldn't stop the sweatdrop that formed and slowly slid down each of their 
cheeks. And Buu continued to stare from the spot he sat at on the rooftop, 
peanut butter still globbed across his mitts.

                                                           
         "......Why are we still standing here like this?" Venus asked nobody in 
particular of the group.

    ".... The better question is 'why hasn't that pink blob done anything yet'?" 
Jupiter corrected.

    "....This IS kinda weird," Mars said alittle nervously. Mercury could only 
nod in agreeance. Meanwhile Sailor Moon's feelings slowly
turned from confusion to annoyance.....

     "WELL?!" She shouted, "DO SOMETHING!!!"

A shallow voiced 'huh?' coupled with a few blinks came from the mistaken 
'Youma', until he finally made some real movement, standing up and licking away 
the leftover peanut butter that was still globbed on his mitts with his 
oversized tongue. Then with a smile that stretched across his whole pink putty-
like face, he clapped his hands together giggling like a kid watching a TV show. 
     
       This cause the scout's sweatdrops to grow larger as they stared on 
confused at the blobby being before them. 

      "Heeheeheeheehee, SailorMoon!" The large being said when he finished his 
ovation, pointing to the leader of the female team. "And the SailorScouts!" he 
added pointing to the rest of the senshi. Little did they know Buu was a Sailor 
fan and had most all their games and comics....

     Each of the sweatdrops increased to the size of a fire hydrant as the 
scouts looked on. But abruptly enough, the commanding yells of the Supermarket 
Security from inside the store broke the uneasy scene. Buu, who was scared of 
being seen by any others and besmirching MrSatan's good name, quickly jumped 
into the night sky and took off south, the three large jars of peanut butter in 
tow. The scouts watched alittle reluctantly as their enemy took off into the 
night and snapped out of their momentary trance.

      "Come on Scouts, he's getting away!" Mars shouted, keeping a mental eye on 
path the majin disappeared off to. The others blinked abit profusely at the 
command for the scene still left a bitter taste in their mouths. 
  
       "Getting away?! He's gone!" The blue scout suddenly shouted, her
visor once more over her eyes and typing furiously on her minicomputer.

       "So he's gone back to the NegaVerse huh?" Jupiter asked. Her eyes widened 
slowly as she could now hear the approaching sound of the police sirens in the 
distance.

With a quick look into her transparent blue visor she replied, 
      
      "No, I still have a trace on his energy signal but it's 13 miles from 
here!" "Now THAT'S a long walk," Venus joked. Meanwhile the situation on the 
ground became worse as the cops were now arriving and like bees, were swarming 
about the market and slowly flanking it from all sides. 
   
       "We better get goooiinnng...." SailorMoon sang out looking about at all 
the popularity they were now receiving from the 'boys in blue'.

       "Let's follow that big marshmallow with Sailor Teleport!" Mars
suddenly suggested, earning a small gasp and a tinge of annoyance from Sailor 
Moon for her 'out of the blue' and quite commanding suggestion.

       "Yeah, we can't let it get away with those goods! Who knows what that 
thing could be planning!" The green dressed Senshi added.

       Like making a sandwich, The Sailor of the Moon thought to herself. Which, 
when she thought about it, this would probably be about the time where she would 
be raiding the fridge back at home for a latenight snack.

      "Who's up there?!" one of the officers shouted through the hole in the 
ceiling, flashing a light up through the opening. The stirring they could hear 
from under them obviously told them there was quite a few officers down inside, 
which meant they were taking this quite seriously for a simple break-in at a 
grocery store.

      "Let's make this FAST," Venus advised, and with a nod from all and no 
further delay, all five females joined hands and focused their mystical energy 
on the task before them, shutting out the constant yelling and threats of the of 
officers below. The words they shouted were all that truly mattered to them at 
this time.

       "Mercury Star Power!!"
       "Mars Star Power!!"
       "Jupiter Star Power!!"
       "Venus Star Power!!"

       The officers of Tokyo city momentarily stopped their advancement and all 
eyes looked towards the ceiling in silence as the final shout was heard which 
would marshal and focus the summoned energy brought forth by the earlier cries 
of before,

                "Moon ...Crystal ...Power!!"

       A few of the policemen rushed to the roof franticly to finally see who 
was out there. The first thought was it might be a break in, then the 
possibility of a suicide jumper, but the shouts of earlier seem to finally 
negate that thought. Slamming open the door to the roof, 2 of the boys in blue 
were able to catch a glimpse of a shimmering multi-colored light, before it 
winked out of existence, leaving 5 erratic, webbed cracks in the cement of the 
floor of the roof as the only testament to the beings that were once there. That 
and the hole in the ceiling that was still dripping chocolate, that is. 

     -----

      Lighter than a feather, the chubby 'Majin' snuck back into the large 
mansion he shared with his afro-hairstyled best friend, (who was at the moment 
filling the house with his low rumbling snores) ,the jars of peanut butter 
swaying lightly in mid-air behind him, held there by his mystical energy. 
Placing the others in the cabinets for later, he kept one to munch from in his 
comfy bed as he formed his pajamas onto him by use of his magic. It was a really 
fun night, he thought to himself. He was glad he went out like he thought to. 
Meeting the SailorSoldiers, in person! What luck, since they never do personal 
appearances. He now entered his room, now suddenly being overwhelmed by the 
thought of sleep. Taking in a deep yawn, the sleepy majin leaped into the air to 
land on his bouncy mattress and fall into dreamland for the rest of the night. 
The next statement that came blared throughout the house, scaring the wits out 
of our sleepyheaded majin.

     "HOLD IT, NEGATRASH!!!!"

    Buu's bellyflop towards his bed came up short as he stopped in mid air, 
flailing franticly, and smashed into the floor with an echoing 'THUD'. 

       The World's most feared champion, Mister Satan, has been awakened. 
Hearing the sudden loud noise the 'world's champion' nearly jumped to the 
ceiling, but the height he gained from that brought him crashing to the floor in 
shock, and in pain. The pain came useful as to fully wake him to the other 
rapidly rising noises and new voices in his house. Other voices? 
 
    Burglars! In his lovely mansion!

     Well I'll teach them!, he thought as he stood up and marched out his room 
towards the source of the noise.

     "DON'T DO THAT!!!" The surprised Majin yelled at the five girls, flailing 
his arms with steam billowing out of his abnormally large pores in his head. 
      
     "You don't lose the Sailor Soldiers that easy, putty face!" Sailor Moon 
stated mockingly, pointing towards him imtimidatingly.

    "Dammit...robbers have no respect for sleeping champions," Satan grumbled as 
he made his way towards the room which all the bickering was coming from. Slowly 
however, his mind clicked on as rational thought finally made way, a mental game 
of pro and con forming.

     'What if there's more than one guy?'

     'Hey, I'm MrSatan, the world's greatest champion! Bring them all on from 
where they may come!' The con side replied, throwing mental warm-up punches.

     'And what if they're armed?'

     'Ummm....Oh please!' the con side yelled, 'Bullets are nothing to me! I'll 
smack them away like flies!'

     '.....Do you LOOK like a golden warrior? Face it Satan, U suck.'

     'S-Shuttup! How can you put down your own mind?!'

     'Hey, I want to LIVE if you'll excuse me.'

-----

     *Yawn* "Go away! Buu's tired..." the former evil being yelled from his side 
of the room at that moment. Satan smiled. Almost NOTHING could hurt Buu! I have 
nothing to fear! Satan thought as he finally made his way to Buu's room ready to 
smite the evildoers who dared defile his humble abode unwelcomed. The question; 
'What if they decide to kill YOU instead' went unheard and unanswered.  

    "We're not letting you get away with the materials you stole!" Sailor 
Jupiter shot back, moving herself into a good position to summon her power for 
the Sparkling Wide Pressure. 
   
     "I wanna go to sleep!" He shouted back, more steam pouring out and 
evaporating into the air. The scouts, noticing the increase in anger prepared 
for the upcoming battle, slipping into there own significant fighting stances. 
Buu grinned. He never thought he'd actually meet the Pretty Suited Sailor 
Soldiers of Justice, let alone fight them.

    *BARK BARK!!!* 

Two of the scouts, Mercury and Venus, instinctively turned to the new sound to 
see a small brown blur run past them and jump into the putty being's arms, who 
laughed happily.
 
    "PUP-PPPYYYY!!" Buu shouted as he cradled the little dog in arms. Once more 
the SailorSenshi was at a lost while Sailor Moon blinked abit nervously at the 
dog. The dog didn't look like a puppy though, as it was full grown. The female 
group sighed inwardly. Just when they thought they had things figured out...

            "I AM THE WORLD'S GREATEST CHAMPION, MR. SATAN!!!"

        The 5 scouts winced and turned to see the speaker, a tan skinned man 
with a mustache, a large puffy afro, and dressed in a sky blue night robe and 
matching boxers with different facial expressions of MrSatan himself plastered 
across them. A combination of 'Huh?' and 'Ugh' fluttered across the female 
group.

       And Satan blinked twice. He didn't expect girls, but taking a good long 
look at the five females, he finally recognize them as the:

      "S-S-Sailor Scouts?" the fake world savior mumbled faintly, pointing at 
the aforementioned group.

      "Umm, yeah," Sailor Moon said uneasily, then moving into an assortment of 
poses; "We are the Pretty Suited Sailor Soldiers of Justice, Sailor-Moon!!"

      Buu clapped once more. He really liked hearing those speeches.

      "Don't worry," Venus said suddenly, jumping infront of the World's 
Champion, "We'll protect you from this 'overgrown gumball' here!" 

      Meanwhile though she tried not to show it, she just couldn't help it. 
Sailor Jupiter was aghast. "The Decade's greatest champion, here in the flesh! 
Now this is just too good to be true!" 

      "Jupiter, focus," Mars said through gritted teeth, not wanting to loose 
sight of the enemy in front of her, who she could now sense,  possessed quite a 
large amount of power. 

    Satan laughed nervously at the green fuku-clad sailor, when a devious plan 
slowly unraveled in his head. 
   
       His 10th anniversary celebration was coming up in a couple of days. He 
still owed that weird 'Juuhachigou' woman a good 60 million. Not in dollars. 
Zenni. The highest form of currency there was, just above Gold. And during the 
past 10 years, that weird woman would show up for payment. He wasn't able to 
pay, she didn't kill him, but instead smacked him around abit, nothing serious, 
and then turn his whole mansion on the inside into ground zero, or if she was in 
a good mood, drag him out the house and make him pay for all the clothes and 
expenses she wants via chargecard. She was also one of the few people on earth 
that knew the hero was a big zero, but she never threatened to tell the world 
about it. At times he thought it would be better for her to go and tell, but 
then again with all this profit and fame coming from it, maybe not. No doubt she 
would show up at the celebration though, probably giving him her usual 'You know 
I can Kill You in A Flash' look throughout the whole party anytime they make eye 
contact. It was weird though, but she never seemed to age anytime he saw her 
during the past decade. And he DID NOT want to worry about an eternal money-
hungry threat over his head the rest of his life. But...
      But....If he could get the SailorSenshi, the five SailorScouts of Justice 
to appear at his party....EVERYONE WOULD PAY TO SEE THEM! Hey, to top it off, 
his daughter's married to one of those 'Golden Warriors' The Great Saiyaman! 
Asking for Great Saiyaman to appear, no problem. But the SailorSenshi was much 
more exclusive to his fingertips. But just 'How' would he convince them? One 
thing he knew, he had to act now, and he had to act FAST. For the scene he was 
gazing upon did not look good...

    Not good indeed. The scouts and their plump, pink enemy, by the looks on 
their faces, were about a minuscule few seconds away from a battle that would 
probably blow, along with himself; into cinders.

    "Ready?!" The leader shouted, giving a quick glance at her team, who all nod 
their heads to her in response, and focus in one the opponent before them, 
flanking eachother side by side and cutting off any possible attempts of harm 
towards poofy-haired man behind them. Buu grinned a grin that was ear to ear and 
moved his pet dog, Bee, to the side so he wouldn't get hurt and watch the 
fireworks. (Clearly he was underestimating the damage potential of him and his 
female opponents) and flexed his arms comicly, laughing that same reminiscent 
laugh he bellowed so many years ago when he threatened the earth.

      Knowing that this half-baked plan of his may not work, and knowing he 
would be lucky if it did, Satan leapt into action, flipping into a front tuck 
straight over the gapping mouths of the Sailor Senshi, with the crying out; 
      
              "AALLL-RRRIIIGGHHHTT!!"

      ....Slamming his head into the roof of the room they were in, obviously 
overestimating his jump.

      ....And falling straight down on his ass in two bounces, holding his head 
and his lower anatomy, wincing at duet of pain he was now feeling. Recovering 
quickly (to avoid further humiliation), he sprung to his feet and pointed his 
index towards Buu in an intimidating manner.
    
      "I, World Champion Mr Satan, defeated you in the last tournament, 'The 
Tekeiichi Budoukai'," he said, pausing for a much drama as he could muster;

      "And...I can do it again." He finished, his voice low and intimidating.

      The Sailor Soldiers were quite impressed.

      A Buu blinked. It was quite obvious that he was confused by Satan's sudden 
interference.

      Wasting no further time, Satan charged, took a deep breath, and cocked 
back his fist and cried;

      "Satan Miracle Special Ultra Super Megaton Punch" 

      Finishing his shout, The World Champion let loose a blurring straight 
punch, that same straight punch he used against Juuhachigou a decade ago in the 
last Budokai. The punch landed square in the middle of Buu's face right between 
his two beady eyes. The punch hit hard, with all of Satan's momentum behind it, 
and the sound of it's contact made a very loud smash, which seemed to echo 
across the room and the mansion. The punch had as much effect as it did in the 
buboukai. 
       The silence was deafening as Buu idly stared at the fist that barely 
tickled his face, blinking. And the scouts stared on, blinking profusely.

       Of course, Satan knew he couldn't hurt Buu no matter how hard he could 
try, but this was perfect. Once more, the 'World's Greatest Hero' has proved his 
might and bravery to all, particularly these five, the new up-and-coming 
heroines of this century. But no time to get lost in thought now though, if this 
was to work, he needed Buu to get the message.

      Satan, looked his pink pudgy friend in the eye, and winked an eye twice, 
hoping the Majin he would get the hint.

      Buu blinked oncemore, utterly confused.

      Satan winked twice more with more enthusiasm than the first.

      The Sailor Senshi could almost SEE the question mark that started dangling 
over the pink being's head.

      Nervousness was starting to come forth within Satan in he form of profuse 
sweating that was now starting to dampen his robe. The silence became even more 
disturbing as you could now hear a pin drop a mile from there, or the hysterical 
beating a certain person's heart. All of which was now boiling down to a point 
for the fake world's champion that before he could stop himself...

      "......DAMMIT JUST FALLDOWN!!!!!"

Those words seem to have had a harder impact than the earlier punch as a 
shockwave suddenly erupted and Buu was flung through the wall behind him into 
the outside pool with an accompanying splash. Satan blinked, and the Scouts 
finally exhaled.

      "...Amazing..." The Scout leader mumbled. A chorused 'Uh huh' was the 
reply from the four other scouts.

      After a couple of blinks, Satan finally realized what was happening. His 
plan was actually coming to fruition. Now for the finishing touch, Running 
through the hole which made when he was 'knocked through' Satan bellowed a 
laugh.

       "You will not feel my wrath today, but show up here again and you will 
experience my full power." Satan said, filled with false confidence. The fat 
pink majin, who was now floating 5 feet above the shimmering pool below, blowing 
steam out of the pores in his head,
and glowing a bright pink color that contrasted with his skin color
nicely, but gave him a menacing look as well. Glaring straight at MrSatan, (who 
flinched visibly at this, but only Mars noticed) the angered being growled out;

      "I ....HATE ....YOU!!!"

    Raging on, the scouts and the World's Champion covered their faces from the 
bright glow that was emanating from the angered being as it grew brighter in 
intensity. The glow seemed to climax show light that was a bright as a small 
star and suddenly, take off into the sky like a rocket on a spaceship, leaving a 
rapidly disappearing trail of light and a strong gust of powerful winds which 
Satan and the Sailor Senshi had some time defending off. Finally the scene 
calmed, and the six beings finally relaxed as they looked up into the sky and 
saw only stars where the pink being had blasted off into. For the second time 
that night, the Sailor Soldiers exhaled, along with their afro-haired comrade.

        "Amazing..." Sailor Jupiter breathed, obviously taken in by this, along 
with the other four. This just made the World Champion smile wider.

        "So, you know that thing?" Mars asked as she approached the man, who 
became startled but recovered himself quickly. 

       "Yes, we fought in the last World Tournament about one year ago," He 
replied, with a touch of cockiness.

        "Yeah, we all saw it remember?" Jupiter said. "Both of them were in the 
Finals of the Tekeiichi Budokai?" Everyone remembered that weird fighting 
tournament they saw last Summer. 

----

      "Well," Sailor Mercury said suddenly, now tapping away on her small 
computer, "It's seems to have retreated to wherever it came from, my computer's 
sensors have lost track of him."

      "Well, that's good," Sailor Moon sighed, "Let's go home. I'M TIRED!" The 
nodded and prepared themselves to follow their leaders jump into the night sky.

       "Hey! W-Wait!" MrSatan suddenly yelled with a hand outstretched, stopping 
their departure, "If you need to know, that being may show up and try to ruin my 
anniversary celebration. You are invited to come, though I'm sure I can handle 
him again if he dare show his face again."

       Four of the Sailor Soldiers turned their heads around to acknowledge him 
with a nod, and leaped into the darkness. Jupiter, on the otherhand, after 
staring on for a few seconds, gave a big thumbs up and a cool wink, and leapt 
into the air after her friends. It took quite abit of willpower though, for her 
not to ask for an autograph.

       Silence reigned on afterwards, Satan staring into the direction which the 
Sailors had disappeared off to. Why does everyone have superpowers except me? He 
wondered as he mopped off into the house via the hole that was still in the wall 
from earlier. Puppy had soon made his way through the hole Satan was entering, 
staring up into the night sky as if waiting for something to drop out of it. 
Satan meanwhile rubbed his head furtherly messing up his hair and randomly 
mumbling things as he stood in Buu's room waiting for him to return so he could 
get him to fix the wall with his magic. Soon, five minutes passed. The scouts 
since long gone. Satan was getting worried. Not that Buu might be in danger; 
that'll be the day; but why hasn't he come back yet? He thought on for a few 
moments. Maybe he went alittle too far, including him in this crazy half-baked 
scheme. Or maybe he got lost or something. Buu, despite his outer appearance, is 
really a young child a heart. And in speech for that matter. Bee's sudden 
barking caught his attention, and he turned to see what it was about. 

         "Hee, hee, hee! We fooled them!"

        Satan was quite happy to see Buu holding his pet dog in his hands, both 
of who looked quite happy. "Good job Buu!" Satan said as he walked over to 
congratulate his chubby friend, all the things he was thinking of earlier 
forgotten. "Thanks to you, this year's celebration will be the best, everyone 
(as if they DIDN'T know) will know the name of Mr Satan!"

       Both soon laughed a hearty mischevious laughter, that echoed through the 
nearby streets, annoying and waking up most everyone in the radius. Both soon 
found out, that no matter how many times you saved the earth, you should NEVER 
interrupt someone's sleep. As the boots, vegetables, wooden legs, and other junk 
being hurled taught them both this valuable lesson.

----------

       Half a mile away, five differently colored blurs made a silent landing on 
a high up rooftop over Satan City...

       "Whew, what a night," Sailor Moon commented as she idly placed her hand 
over her forehead moving a couple of errant locks of hair out the way. 

      "I'll say!" Jupiter said enthusiastically. "MrSatan, in the flesh!"

      Sailor Venus blinked for a moment in thought, then asked, "....Why is his 
name, 'Satan'?" Deathly silence took it's place for a moment as the sweatdrops 
ran across the other scout's faces. 

       "Err...maybe it's ...just bad pun or something..." Mars said, smiling 
nervously. 

       "...Anyhow," Mars intervened, "something....just didn't seem right about 
this whole thing...."

       "So, does this mean we have a new enemy, or what?" Sailor Moon asked 
aloud.

       "Well if we do, then we've lucked out if it's just one little monster," 
Jupiter answered.

       "...Don't be too sure of that," Mercury suddenly said, staring at her 
computer, her visor still activated. All four turned to her blinking.

       "Well why's that?" Jupiter asked. Mercury simply deactivated her visor 
and put her computer screen in there faces; "This!"

      Much of what usually happens on Mercury's little computer, they would not 
understand, but this was pretty easy to understand. There was a tall pink bar 
and a line chart pictured on the screen. But still, with not much more than 
that, the point has not been made just yet...

       "...So what's up Mercury?" Sailor Venus asked,  "There's more to this 
chart thing isn't there?"  Mercury nodded. "This is the energy rating of that 
...'being' we met today. She pressed a button. "And this is our energy rating."

       This earned collective gasp from the rest and a whistle from Jupiter. The 
beings energy levels dwarfed there own, like a tree dwarfs a simple branch. In 
fact, to Sailor Mars' only recall, only Neo Queen Serenity had such an high 
amount of energy.         

     "And this is 'MrSatan's energy," She finished, pointing 
to yet another line bar on the graph. That line bar was skinnier 
than the tip of a fingernail. It was barely visible on the chart.
All four understood what this symbolized except of course...
 
      "....So ....what does this mean?" Sailor Moon asked, blinking at the 
monitor. Mars glared at their simple-minded leader. 

     "This means dummy, that there should've been NO WAY that guy could beat 
that monster!" "But he DID!" SailorMoon insisted, 
   
     "You saw him as well as I did, with your own two eyes," She finished, with 
a matter-of-fact tone of voice. 

     "Well, you know what they say," Sailor Venus suddenly said, waving her 
finger;

      " 'Not everything is as sees the eye!' " 

      "....That's 'meets the eye', Venus..." Moon and Mars said in sync.
      Venus sweatdropped. "Err, anyway, shouldn't we be getting home? Most all  
of us did sneak out the house to get here right?" All nodded except for Jupiter 
since she lives alone. "Well let's get going!" She finished, trying to get this 
over with before they decided to bring up once again how bad she was with 
phrases.

     "Right Venus! Sailor Teleport time!" Sailor Moon called out. Everyone 
gathered around on command and join hands. 

      "Oh yeah, Venus, next time you decide to try to quote something, DON'T." 
Sailor Mars said, snickering, which turned into a giggle as she saw Venus' face 
light up with rage.

------

       "Hmmm, strange night I'd say, even for dealing with youmas," Luna stated, 
filtering out all the useless information they told her in their recap. 

      "Yes, I agree, last night's travel just did not quite add up."

      The two scouts and the cat nodded to the answer. Then jumped 30 feet 
straight into the air, and landed with a hard, loud, THUD. All turned around to 
look at Amy, who was eyeing the three, blinking  curiously. They noticed her 
mini computer was also in hand. 

      "Ami, don't sneak up on us like that!" Makoto yelled, rubbing her aching 
lower anatomy. Ami giggled out a small apology while they picked themselves up 
from off the ground.

       "Another of the Senshi overslept too I see," Usagi said with a shadow of 
a doubt. Ami nodded. "Our outting last night kind of drained me, but then I 
stayed up and worked on this program to see if there were any bugs in it, but 
the ratings you saw last night were correct."

       "Ah, I see," Usagi said, then; 

       "Ummm...what ratings?" Ami sweatdropped and Makoto just blinked at Usagi. 

       "The ones I showed you last night, remember?!" Ami said, trying to 
refresh her friend's memory. Usagi now that she thought of it, did recall 
something about a graph from last night, but forgot most all but the essential 
points during her hazy slumber.

      "Oh yeah," Usagi lied, hoping that she would catch on or that the memory 
would resurface later, "I remember..." 

      "Hey!" Makoto suddenly said, "We're almost there!" She said, pointing at 
Juuban in the distance. The watch on her extended arm though caught her 
attention for a moment. She read the time and she and the others gawked. It read 
9:58. School started about an hour ago. They spent MUCH took long explaining to 
Luna about last night.

        The three Juuban Junior High students were officially lunchmeat today. 
Speaking of which, Usagi didn't have a THING for breakfast today, and she was 
dying from starvation. Luna blinked and almost got trampled over as the three 
took off in a haze of dust and high-pitched screaming. She made a note to 
herself as she peeled herself off the ground though, to question them about that 
'MrSatan' person later. 

        "...That fake dimwit is still around...."     

        And one the other side of town, the same thing was happening to a white 
cat and a blond haired Junior High Student as she approached her destination, 
Shibakouen Junior High. 

        Accept this certain cat, DID get trampled over by his blond, nutcase 
friend.

                         End of Episode 1

Author's Ramblings: ....Whew....that chapter came out ALOT longer then it was 
intended to be when I first wrote it. This fanfic idea just popped into my head 
one day and bugged me to DEATH. So I thought, why not?^^ I'm sure mine may be no 
worse than you've read on the net,(or atleast I HOPE ^^;;) but hopefully, it 
will be quite entertaining. Oh yeah, and like most fics, the facts won't be 100% 
straight and there maybe alittle improvising on some facts. Hopefully it won't 
make the story any less entertaining. Oh yeah, and if the names suddenly change 
spellings, blame it on my spellchecker. ^^;; 
      I really love crossover fanfics!! I find them to be pretty cool, and give 
a different taste to your favorite heroes. As you can see, mine are DragonballZ, 
Tenchi Muyo, and SailorMoon, Particularly the manga version, though the anime 
one is ok, but they are all so TALKY, not to mention the anime seems to be 
dumbed down and sweetened up from the manga version (What th-- Katzi dies??!) 
Oh, and sorry The Tenchi gang wasn't in this chapter, but I gotta stick to the 
plot so don't worry. ^^
     
    Next in Sailor Dragon Muyo: The day has come! The SailorSenshi leave for 
Satan's big party, unknown to his plan; to be used as entertainment in the final 
part of Satan's plan! Also, the Great Saiyaman team make an  appearance once 
more after a long ten years; Gohan as Great Saiyaman1, Videl as Great Saiyaman2, 
and.... who's that kid on flying with them? Great Saiyaman 3?! Also, something 
weird happens to Goten and Ryoko during the show, and Buu gets 'alittle' more 
than he bargained for from the female Senshi! Read on to Episode 2; Party Time!


