Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters or the animes,
only the ones I made up for this crossover. No need to sue me,
like most fic writers, I'm poor as the next man (Eventhough you
could probably find another way to punish me ^^;;;;;;)
I may use a few other cameos dealing with other animes in this
X-over too.
This is an X-over fic of the said three series.
DragonballZ starts from after the Buu, a year after Gokou
flies off to train Ubuu. The animated movies are also in reference
to this fic. (Eventhough I know there not canon.)  SailorMoon takes
off after 5 months the R series. Unfortunately I don't know
too much about after R (Ugh, it sucks to be American ...no...Wait...
It's the censors who suck) and Tenchi Muyo comes from after where
the first year OVA left off after the Kagato incident, after the Ryuten 
incident in the manga, and after of the Tenchi Muyo OVA movie, Daughter of 
Darkness(Manastu no Eve). Whew, now that I got that out the way, on to the 
fic. Let's hope this works ^^;;
I HOPE YOU ENJOY THE RIDE!

                     Sailor Dragon Muyo:
                 Universe's Best Saga Episode 2
                          Party Time!


      It was early in the morning over Okayama, Japan. The sun was now 
minutes from shining its' warmth over all of the 'Land of the Rising Sun.' 
Few people were awake at this time this such country. And she
was one of them.
     She was in the kitchen cleaning a bento. The sun now was just
peeking over the horizon, and at this moment, she was the only one awake in 
the entire Masaki household, save one other. Does Yosho EVER sleep?
She thought to herself as, with alittle exertion of her power,
dried the bento in less than a second, actually making a couple of singe 
marks within it. She sighed as her cattail swayed about and twitched behind 
her as she floated over to the chopping board and butcher knife she pulled 
out earlier. Beside the board sat assorted vegetables, meats... and even 
MORE knives and cookware. some reason, she had an inner love for weapons and 
such. She looked about the materials wondering what she would try to make 
first for her man, Tenchi. They were going out today.

     All of them.

     Needless to say, she wished it was just the two of them. Ah well, it 
wouldn't make the day any less fun. 'An Anniversary Celebration for the 
Earth's Savior' the T.V. said a few days ago during a commercial break in 
the middle of the show they were watching. Accurately the show Mihoshi and 
Sasami were currently watching. Both hadn't missed an episode of 'Pokemon' 
yet. The commercial said the anniversary was for a man named Mr Satan. After 
wondering if anybody else on the planet felt the irony of paying homage to a 
man named directly after the devil himself, she continued her thoughts. The 
advertisement said 'Food,
Games, Rides, Fun, Entertainment, and a chance to meet the Earth's upcoming 
heroes, or heroines you could say, the SailorSenshi , a visit from the Great 
Saiyaman team of Satan City, and then even The 'World Savior' himself, Mr 
Satan. She didn't like any of those options to certain different degrees. 
Meeting those SailorScouts might not be too bad, except for the fact that 
they're all female. She had five to one odds that somehow they'd get some 
stupid crush on him. Asahi almost did it before their trip into outer space 
sometime back. And Mayuka weird enough, was just a 'false alarm'. She was 
actually being used to try to lure Tenchi into a demonic trap.

     Whew.

      But anyway, what could that guy or any of those others have done that 
was so big anyway? Hell, they should be honoring Tenchi. He, on the 
otherhand, saved their whole galaxy.

     .....Along with a certain aqua haired goddess...but
that's beside the point...

       Ah well, it was all in good fun she thought as she cut into
some lettuce along with the cutting board under it, and even some of
the counter. Yes, she could feel it. She couldn't wait. Today was going to 
be-

    "BOO!!!"

     "ACK!!!!!"

    Speak of the devil....devil....Satan....ugh....well anyway.....

     "Hello Sasami," Ryoko chirped, wiping the nervous sweatdrop from
the side of her cheek and getting a grip on her nerves. The little girl
giggled in response and took a look over at all the foods and dishes.

    "Ohh, you need any help Ryoko?" She asked. But before the demoness
could reply;

   "Of course she does dear sister, but NOT in the way your
thinking..."


              Enter Princess Ayeka Jurai.

     "And the great Juraian bear awakes from her long hibernation,"
Ryoko countered, as the older princess stumbled in, making badly
imitated bear growls to fit her insult. Sasami stifled a giggle.
Ignoring Ryoko's tasteless joke with a roll of her eyes and a 'hmph', she 
then looked over at all the foods and such laid about on the counter, and 
then a quick glance spotted the large knife in the space pirate's right 
hand, and put two and two together;

      "...I don't think people eat POISON on this planet as a
type of cuisine, demon girl..."
       That statement hit a mark with the space pirate,

      "Well how about I use YOU for a test subject, huh?" She said,
holding the butcher knife in a defensive position, and with it,
tendrils of electrical energy sparkled about her being. Ayeka smirked
evily at her nemesis as she summoned her personal energy logs from out
of the thin air, each flanking herself from all sides. An unseen wind
swirled through the kitchen between the two fighters...

      And a frightened, but more or less mad, Sasami.

    Immediately dropping there scowls along with their powers both
broke into nervous laughter smokescreening their earlier shows of anger into 
a friendly little farce. The little one sighed in relief and
smiled at the two and busied herself by the faucet washing her hands.

      "Y'know, I bet you two were planning on making something for
Tenchi, right?"

       On the bullseye, both give a nod accompanied with a
low-voiced 'Uh huh' as an answer. Turning her head to them with
a bright smile, "I'll be happy to give you some help!" she said,
giving a cute wink and a chuckle to finish the sentence. Both of the two 
women returned the smile with a small nod and made their way over
to the sink to wash their hands.

      "Ohh yeah, Washu told me to tell you guys that Minagi was making a 
visit too today!" Sasami explained, oblivious to the two rivals making 
mischievous faces at eachother behind her back at eachother.

----------

      Meanwhile later in Tokyo around the 10 o'clock hour...

     "Usagi, shouldn't you be getting up NOW?" the black cat inquired
to the 'moon princess.'

    Moaning and shoving her head further under her pillow she retorted,

      "Usagi no get up early on a Saturday..." Luna sighed. She was 
obviously still half sleep. This had been going on for the past thirty 
minutes now. Though at this point the feline guardian would like nothing 
more than to let the blond sleep in, it was Saturday after all; but they, 
the SailorSenshi of protection and justice, had somewhere to be soon. And 
the longer she lays there in bed, the longer it would take to get her up.

       "Usagi, the SailorSoldiers have an important mission today!" The cat 
yelled back, sticking her head under the pillow with the half asleep scout 
leader. With a loud grumble Usagi rose up from the bed, flipped herself 
over, and plopped back down, now laying stomach up on the comfy bed. Luna, 
who had been unfortunately deposited harshly onto the floor, picked herself 
up and recomposed herself, grumbling about her aching jaw.
      'Cats always land on there feet' She quoted to herself, 'Unless
they know a girl named Usagi...then they land on their heads...'

      ".....Yaaaahooo...." the girl in question suddenly said, "my life 
seems to be returning to 'normal'." Of course, 'normal' meaning defending 
the Earth and fighting the forces of evil once more. Finally sitting up, 
weary eyed, she sighed. They didn't show this part in the Superhero 
mangas...

      Glancing at her alarm clock she also noted that she missed 'Pokemon'. 
That cute little Pikachu was taking Japan by storm, let alone probably the 
world, hypnotising people with their imfathable kawaiiness.
      Usagi sighed. Enough daydreaming. Time to ..... (WAH!!) ... get up and 
out of the (warm, comfortable, cozzy) bed. As she got out of bed and made 
her way to the bathroom to wash up, many thoughts passed her mind's eye.
      'Maybe this won't be too bad, I'm sure Mamorou can come too... hmm... 
where was it we were going? OH YEAH! That big party thing was today! Well 
Tuxedo Mask is always with the Sailor S-AHHHHHHHHHH!!!
I almost forgot!!! Mamo said he wanted to take me out today!! AGH!! This 
sucks... maybe the others can cover for me this time or something or maybe 
something will work itself out...'
!!EDIT SPOT!!
      "Hey! Pippi Longstockings! OTHER people in this world need to use the 
bathroom too you know!"

Usagi blinked a few times surprised then...

       "Shaddap Shingo before I come out there and make Patte` out of ya!!"

Once more, Usagi and her little brother Shingo were locked in another 
battle, age-old enemies meeting once more on this time a verbal battlefield. 
It was now his move;

      "Well if my 'sacrifice' will remove the MUMMY from her TOMB, it'll be 
worth it!" he replied in a slightly dramatic, poetic, yet obviously mocking 
tone of voice. 'I'm sure that'll get her out of the bathroom' he thought to 
himself.

       "Wish granted, you little FUNGUS!" She shouted, much like he was 
expecting, but the drenching wet bathcloth that smacked him dead center in 
the face, wasn't. A victorious Usagi marched triumphantly towards her room 
to finish getting ready for the big day, leaving a quite steamed and 
irritated Shingo to claim the restroom he'd so long desired.
      She may have won another battle, but the eternal war of 'Brother And 
Sister' continues.

----------

      So far, it was a pretty good morning for Tenchi. Any of the potential 
fights that morning between Ayeka and Ryoko were successfully broken up by 
Sasami and Mihoshi. It was pretty surprising though that they actually 
listened to them, but he thought to himself that it was probably best not to 
dispute it and just enjoy this rare peacefull morning. And pray nothing 
happens out of the ordinary for this one small, insignificant day. Soon 
after all the morning routines were followed; Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko, Mihoshi, 
Sasami, Nobiyuki, Washu, and little Ryo-Ohki, all gathered in the parking 
lot in which Nobiyuki's vehicle sat, a family van, ready for today's 
destination.
         It was a very sunny day, so it wasn't too much a surprise that 
everyone seemed to be dressed quite light. Tenchi was dressed in a white 
button-up short sleeve shirt, which went nicely with his black suit pants 
and black shoes. Ryoko wore one of her spring dresses, which also went quite 
well for fighting in, because of their loose fit. Ayeka one the otherhand 
wasn't dressed as fancy as she usually dresses, wearing fitting white pants 
with plain dark purple shoes and a matching dark purple short sleeve shirt. 
Ryoko seeing this and feeling somehow outclassed, flashed and reappeared 
wearing a red tank top, loose off-white jeans and a pair of what looked to 
be fashionable, offwhite, low top boots. Ayeka wasn't too sure what Ryoko 
was then glaring at her for after, but was all too happy to return the look. 
Washu wore her usual short pants, black shoes and a matching dark green 
shirt. Mihoshi wore her usual pink tank top and light brown pants and usual 
off purple low top shoes. Sasami like most the others, was dressed light as 
well, wearing a light aqua colored dress with nice tanned light brown 
sandals topped off with a matching pink sunhat with red ribbon. Nobiyuki 
also wore his usual garbs; the offgold short sleeved shirt with browm 
slacks. And Ryo-Ohki, with her fur washed and brushed, wore a pretty red 
bowtie around her neck.

      "Ok, let's get going! This is going to be quite a long ride up to 
Satan City from here so it's best we start moving so we can get there as 
soon as possible!" Nobiyuki said to the group while he reached into his 
pocket for the keys to the car.

     "Tenchi, isn't Granpa coming too?" Sasami asked.

    Tenchi shook his head. "He said he'd babysit Mayuka for us today  and 
he'd be ok..." He then grinned alittle nervously, "and if I bring him back 
some nice souvenirs he said he wouldn't beat on me as much next time we 
spar!" Both chuckled abit at that while Nobiyuki finally fished out his keys 
and proceeded to opening the door on his side of the van,

     To find he didn't have anything to put the key in.

     Nobiyuki blinked, then blinked again, and scratched his head. Frankly 
his brain was having abit of a problem trying to register a 'close to a ton' 
van suddenly disappear like it was never there, eventhough he was quite sure 
SOMETHING was sitting in that parking lot spot a MOMENT ago. Nobiyuki, now 
looking flushed now and blinking profusely, turned to the crowd and asked 
surprisingly calm;

    "...Anyone see where my car went?"

Everyone blinked and blinked again quite stupidly and answered by shrugging 
there shoulders and shaking there heads, followed by some casual gibbering 
among themselves afterwards...

     "It was there a few minutes ago..."

     "Maybe it was thieves..."

     "The best to take something that big that fast..."

     "Hey, where's Washu?!"

     That got heads turning about the place looking for the 4 foot mad 
scientist. Only the loud whistle she made with her two fingers helped them 
find her, and were quite surprised that they didn't see her before standing 
in the middle of the spot in which the van had disappeared, making there 
minds reel since they were sure they would've seen her standing there 
earlier...

          "I was thinking, why don't we go out today in style?" She asked 
with a bright smile on her face. Mostly, near ANYTHING Washu did was quite 
scary to them, and made them all, except Mihoshi and Sasami; blue in the 
face as usual.

         Washu simply snickered to herself alittle but was stopped when 
Nobiyuki came up to Washu sobbing at her knees.

         "Do you know where my CAR went Miss Waaashuuuuu?!"

Washu gave an 'ack' and flailed, "Chill out! Your car is just fine!! Now let 
me go!" Nobiyuki hmmed relieved and backed off only to let Ryoko be the next 
in line to approach her.

       "So what did you do it?!"

       "I took it away of course."

       Ryoko groaned and took a nice breath, approaching the 'little girl';

       "Excuse me, 'Miss Mad Scientist', BUT--"

       "'HOW DO YOU EXPECT US TO GET TO THE DAMN PLACE?!!! ...right?"
Ryoko was blown back on her postereur shaking as Washu had beat her to her 
own outburst. Ryoko waved a little white flag,

      "Ok I give..."

      "Thank you. Now anyway, I was thinking, why don't we go in style 
today? I was thinking we could go in this..."

She pressed a button on her trans-dimensional laptop that nobody noticed she 
already had out before, and a trans-dimensional flash took place. Out of the 
light a large spaceship hovered overhead, shiny, and gleaming silver in the 
sunlight. It was sleek from front to end and looked like a larger than life 
size futuristic bullet, or a teardrop, at least as big as the house. A 
barely audible humming sound emanated from the ship as it hovered overhead 
easily and effortlessly.

"Cool..." Mihoshi and Sasami mouthed in sync.

        "But then I remembered we were on Earth." The ship disappeared in 
the same manner as it appeared. Mihoshi 'aww'ed.
EDIT SPOT!!!!2
        "So I'm thinking this should be more ...ahem... 'Down to Earth'."

She once more pressed a button, this time the flash was just behind her, and 
much smaller. Everyone shielded their eyes from the sight this time, the 
light being so close to them. Once the light died down the red gleam of 
shining metal caught everyone's eyes and once more they were caught 
speechless. This time, a cherry red, SuperStock Dodge with the top down sat 
in front of everyone's sights. It looked just like it just came of the 
assembly, the shining engine exhaust sitting on the front hood yearning to 
be reved up. The sparkling black stick-shift ready and waiting to be used. 
And the sparkling rims, that looked made this car look as if it was much too 
good to be driving to a simple outing. Many car buffs would be satisfied at 
simply staring this piece of splendid artwork all day long. But Washu didn't 
bring it here just to stare at, which her audience seemed quite comtempt at 
doing this moment. The only difference this car was from the others on Earth 
was the enhancements she added into this vehicle, one of them being 
high-tech super powered, Only-Made-By-Washu Hyper Plutonium Engine and 
addable-or-subtractable seats for extra riders.

       "Well, what do you think?" Washu asked cheerfully. A brief moment 
more of silence passed through until Mihoshi and Sasami cheered 
simultanously. "Wow! What a nice car!!" Tenchi laughed on, with a nervous 
sweatdrop sliding down his face and looked over at his dad, who was staring 
off at the car like he'd been hypnotized.

      "...Th...that is... a nice car there... Ms Washu..." He finally 
stammered out, teary eyed. Never would he had thought he would be near such 
a masterpiece, that is without shelling out some major bucks that he doesn't 
have, or selling his son into slavery. Still, in the back of his head he 
hoped that his old van was okay... His train of thought was broke off as the 
redhead scientist made a quick twirl around, the end result was Washu in her 
adult form, wearing a pair of dark shades over her eyes and an evil grin.

        "Well? This thing isn't just sitting around to be gawked at!" And 
with that, vaulted over into the driver's side and started the engine. 
Engine roared as she reved up a couple of times, then purred softly as a cat 
afterwards. "I call the front!" Sasami shouted with Ryo-Ohki now atop her 
head and jumped into the front seat looking about the high tech computer and 
sound system Washu installed into the dashboard. Nobiyuki walked over and 
checked over the out the front dashboard as well and was in awe. "Climb in 
Nobiyuki, room for one more!" Washu said. Sasami nodded and Nobkuyi climbed 
into the front seat spot as well.

          "Well I guess we might as well get in huh?" Tenchi said to the 
remianing four girls. Mihoshi nodded while Ryoko and Ayeka had to stop 
making annoying faces at eachother in order to do the same. Tenchi 
sweatdropped and headed for the backdoor and got in, scooting over  still 
staring at the car's exterior, followed by would-be Mihoshi, but Ayeka was 
able to slip past her just fast enough to take her seat beside her prince. 
Ryoko not to let Ayeka get the advantage, materialized on Tenchi's 
otherside, glomped onto him, while Mihoshi all the same took her seat beside 
Ayeka and shut the door tight.
         Tenchi decided today to take it all in stride for now since they 
weren't acting as bad as they usually would, besides it's not like he had a 
place to run anyway, and furthermore, it's been such a nice day and all, no 
use ruining that by nagging at them. Today was going to be day of fun, and 
rules usually don't apply in that area.

     "Ohh, Miss Washu, where's Minagi?" Sasami asked.

     "Ohh don't worry, she said she'd meet up with us at the party!" She 
answered with a smile.

       "And now the seatbelts," Washu hummed pressing yet another button. 
Comfy and resistant belts formed around everyone's waist.

     Miss Washu's grin bacame even more maniacal then ever as she once more 
reved up the powerful engine, and turned on the sound system. Rob Zombie 
'Dragula' blasted in their ears.

       "Ok then, WE'RE OUT OF HERE!" She yelled as they backed out the
lot, mashed down on the pedal, and took off down the road with the sound of 
a thundering engine, screeching tires, and shouts of terror and excitement 
whistling through the winds.

-------

      Meanwhile in Tokyo, the Sailor Senshi, in the civilian clothes, and 
their two Guardian cats, all sat at the their usual spot at the shrine on 
Cherry Hill, waiting.

       "Usagi... why didn't you just tell Mamo when you talked to him?!" Rei 
spoke, with slight aggravation. Usagi really didn't want to break off her 
date with Mamorou today so she called him and the others  and told him to 
come to her house to talk on it; then remembered that her father was home, 
and called him back and told him to meet heart the shrine instead.

       "Well I was thinking we could work something out maybe..." she got 
alittle quieter and started to twiddle her thumbs and mouthed in a barely 
audible voice, "...Something ...that would let us still be able to go out on 
our date..."

       "USAGI! How selfish can you possibly be?!" Luna piped in. "Really, I 
thought you had grown out of this..."

       "I know ok?! It's just that... I rarely get time to actually spend 
with Mamo and all... just foolish hope mostly..." She trailed off with a 
sigh. As she listened to herself she admitted. It was selfish. She sighed 
and mentally prepared herself for today's adventure.

       "Alright I'm--"

       "I say go for your date girlfriend!" Makoto piped, standing up from 
her spot beside the shrine and cutting off Usagi's sentence, "We'll kick 
that pink spongy mess into a pile of mush for ya!"

       A spot of hope crept into the pigtail blonde's eye as she blinked, 
but shook her head in decline, "...Thanks Makoto...but that's ok... I'm 
going with you guys. I have a duty to uphold..."

       "Oh Usagi," Minako said waving a finger, "I think we can handle one 
simple mission like this on our own! It's just one simple youma, right Rei?"

       Nobody had truly noticed until now how the Shinto Priestess was 
staring at the ground as she sat from the same spot as the others were on 
the shrine, eyes wavering with ...worry? Maybe even confusion. She barely 
made any true movement, like she was almost dead or something. Her hands 
shuddered from moment to moment as they were clasped tightly on the post of 
the shrine she was sitting on, digging her nails into the wood. Unknown to 
them, how deeply she was lost in thought.
       She had to think of a way, a way to stop whatever that was she saw in 
her premonitions. It was so powerful... but there had to be a way to defeat 
it. They'd been through too much to be stopped by this. But... it's power... 
imfathable.

       No, all things have a weakness. Be it big or small. We WILL find a 
way to defeat it. We WILL. We HAVE TO...

       We have NO CHOICE.

       No CHOICE.

       No--

       "BOOOO!!!"

       Rei's shriek could be heard across the whole shrine, if not beyond.

       The giggling of three out of four of her spookers giggled afterwards, 
Usagi not being one of them, for she was too busy rubbing her nose where the 
Priestess had smashed her open palm on her in reflex to their joke.

       "An' what whas' that 'phor?" Usagi mumbled out through her glaring, 
with tears streaming down her face.

       "Well you shouldn't have stuck your face so far out like that!" Rei 
answered, "You were just asking for that I'd say."

       "I waaaaasssss juuusssttt playyyyiinnnggg!!" Usagi whined as her 
bawling turned up a notch, streams of Niagra now wetting the ground of the 
shrine. Luna sighed.

       "...Some things never change."

       She then to a look at her white coated feline partner, who should've 
listening to what was going on, but was instead snoring soundly close by 
her, and groaned. Even more proof of the said point. Reaching back with one 
paw, claws extended, Luna yelled out at him,

       "WAKE UP LAZY BONES!!"

       And promptly imbedded the said paw into his lower anatomy. Artemis 
shrieked a moment later as her paw connected with it's target, making him 
involuntarily leap off the shrine perch. The sudden stop that came from his 
fall caught him by surprise giving him quite a startling shock when his chin 
met the unyielding concrete. Luna couldn't hold back the bubbling laughter 
that was threatening to burst from her lungs any longer, and bellowed out 
chuckling at groaning white cat. The other five scouts on the otherhand were 
able to hold the laughter in by pinching their noses and biting their lower 
lips.

       "...Did I ever tell you how much I hate you sometimes?" Artemis said 
after finally peeling his jaw from the ground and gathering his bearings.

       Luna hmphed. "Well try to stay AWAKE during a meeting for once!" The 
black cat replied mockingly waggling her tail at him in a high and mighty 
fashion. Artemis finally gave in to his anger and jumped back on the shrine 
after his partner, but Luna jumped off the perch laughing again as he just 
made it up where she was once at, but jumped back down and took off after 
her as she took off towards the decending steps of the Cherry Hill Shrine. 
Both disappeared down those steps, with Luna's laughing and Artemis' frantic 
name calling still easily heard. 5 five girls still sitting on the shrine 
sighed shaking their heads.

       Ami surprisingly spoke out the words they were all thinking.

       "Those two are inseparable." The others couldn't help but agree.

       Minako blinked though as she noticed an emerging shadow coming up the 
shrine steps. It took her less than a moment though to realize who it was.

       " And the 'cop de vuce has arrived!" Minako said pointing over to the 
steps. All five of them, even Minako, had to take a moment to think about 
that statement. It should've been 'Coup de grace ... but on the otherhand... 
ahh, heck with it. Her sentence was just plain confusing all together.

       Meanwhile Usagi as already up and rushing over to her love as Mamorou 
finished ascending the steps and came into full view of everyone's sights. 
Mamorou was glad that he was cleared a few feet from the steps as Usagi 
slammed into him and pushed him back atleast a foot.

       "Helllooo Maaammmooo!!" Usagi singed in his ear as she snuggled into 
his shoulder. Mamorou just chuckled at her purring as she then shifted holds 
and glomped onto his shoulder. They walked over to the rest of the group. 
Everyone gave out a greeting to the new arrival waving and such as the two 
made their way over. Usagi was slowly daydreaming the time away, when she 
caught ear of the sudden total silence. She opened her eyes to find that 
everyone was staring at her in an incredulous manner. Mamorou seemed to be 
as well, but was simply following the stares of the others. Usagi blinked a 
few times before finally asking,

       "...What?"

       The others simply sighed at the scene.

       "Usagi, you two just go and have fun!" Makoto cheered from where she 
was sitting.

        "H-hey but wait! What about the--"

        "WE GOT IT COVERED!" The four girls shouted from the spots. The 
couple acked, jumping back involuntarily. Usagi blinked again for a couple 
of moments, "Oh yea that...but, are you sure... about this? I wasn't ever 
serious about leaving you guys with the problem like that..." All four of 
the girls crossed their arms and gave Usagi a look that would make most any 
foe stop dead in their tracks.

        "A heh... hehheh..... heh..." Usagi sweatdropped nervously as she 
turned back to Mamo, who wore a clear expression that showed how clueless he 
was of the current situation.

        "Well...ok... Mamorou... you see...we have a problem, a youma popped 
up a few days ago, so we're going to take care of it but the gang doesn't 
want us to cancel because of it... but I'malittleconfusedas 
whattodointhiscurrentsituation!" Usagi smiled alittle cheesily showing her 
teeth to Mamorou after she finished explaining. Everyone else just 
sweatdropped at the blond, still trying to decipher what she said in the 
last part of her sentence.

       "WHAT USAGI MEANS," Rei said aloud, "Is that a possible youma showed 
up yesterday and we're going to investigate it today, but that doesn't mean 
your date needs be canceled. We can handle this ourselves."

         "Ahh," Mamo looked down at Usagi who confirmed Raye's words with a 
nod. He had a feeling something happened with the SailorSenshi that past 
week, due to the bond between himself and Usagi.

         "I don't know... this seems important... you guys might need 
help... and maybe we could go on our date afterwards..."

         Makoto was just waiting for that statement to pop up. "Look Mamo, 
we got this covered! We'll take care of this putty punk ourselves, no 
sweat!" Her voice took a turn of a higher level of seriousness, "We're NOT 
going to turn into those superheroes in the comics who's life are ruled by 
battles and such. There's up to 6 of us alltogether. Two shouldn't make a 
difference. You two have been waiting all week for this moment, and then 
some putty-faced marshmallow shows up and you cancel all your great plans? 
What type of friends would any of us be if we let something like that pass?" 
She finished, pointing to herself and then looking at the others for their 
confirming responses. The other three answered with a 'Yeah' and a nod. It 
wasn't too visible on the outside, but in inside, Makoto was looking forward 
to meeting that thing again. One, she had the chance of once more meeting 
'World Savior' for a second time. Plus, on the contrary, she was grateful 
for the freetime from the Dark Kingdom, but the excitement that came from 
their battles against them practically became a part of life for her. And 
the same could probably be said for the others. Besides, she'd been itchy 
for some action.

         Mamorou eyed them all, then gave a quick glance over to 'the blond 
ornament' that was still latched onto his arm looking at him in the face 
questionably, and exhaled a thoughtful sigh. He sternly turned his look 
towards Usagi.

        "...It's up to you Usagi. Though, you can guess my feeling on the 
situation... " Usagi glanced over to each of her friends as they gazed back 
at her. Makato grinned imtimidatingly, cracking her knuckles loudly. Ami 
looked alittle uncomfortable returning the gaze that came upon her, but 
managed to give a confirming smile. Minako leaned against the pole as she 
sat on the side of the wooden perch of the shrine by the bell. And Raye... 
she stared back at the moon princess sternly; her look sincere, but strong 
and focused. Usagi looked on at her... and finally made her decision.

        "Let's go Endymion." Mamorou blinked, confused.

        "...Wh-what?" He asked, perplexed. They were going WHERE?

        "Yep, we're going with them of course! Leaving them to go have fun 
while this is going on I... I just can't do that! I'M SAILOR MOON!" She 
finished, giving a thump to her chest with her fist as a saluting captain 
would. And a moment before the ambush of retorts could start from the four 
senshi, she then waved her index finger,

        "BUT, maybe we don't have to miss out on the WHOLE day! We trash 
this monster fast as possible, THEN we all go have fun!" She smiled, alittle 
triumphantly. Mamorou nodded agreeing with her comment, and looked off into 
the sky. He closed his eyes and groaned again. Though he was with Usagi 
100%, he really regretted buying those tickets a week early. Where they were 
planned to go was in the next town over, about a 3 hour drive from where 
they were now. And after battling this monster today, they may be too tired 
to head out anywhere afterwards. And that would mean that he spent 
50-dollars a piece on those tickets he for nothing...

        "Hmm... soooo, Mamo, where were you planning to take me to anyway?" 
Usagi asked curiously, once again glomped to his shoulder, though this time 
it was much lighter and didn't stop the blood from circulating. Hearing that 
question, the other four girls slowly inched over, their feminine side 
taking over, wanting to know themselves. Usagi was bragging about that all 
week and it was finally time for some closure on this subject. Mamorou 
sweatdropped nervously. He was trying to decide if he should tell her; she'd 
probably feel terrible about missing out on THIS.

         "Weeeeeelllllllllllllll?" Minako chimed in, all the senshi gazing 
at him so hard, he sub-consciously ran a finger over his chest, to make sure 
there were no searing holes burned into it. Sighing, Mamorou began to figet 
inside his inner coat pocket,

        "Well, I have these tickets to a big celebration... it's a city over 
however..." Finally he pulled out two small rectangular pieces of paper and 
showed them to Usagi. Usagi took a good look at them about three good 
seconds before slapping her forehead and walking away sulking. Mamorou 
blinked alittle nervously at her while the others piled around him to see 
what was so shocking. After looking at the tickets, they also followed 
Usagi's example, holding their foreheads. Mamorou scratched his head as a 
large sweatdrop made it's way down the side of his face and took a look at 
the tickets as well to see what was the problem. Nothing he saw wrong on 
them, besides the high price he paid for them. From what he heard, EVERYBODY 
was trying to go to this festival.

        "What? What is it?" He asked, the feeling of non-comfort washing 
over him like a tidal wave.

        "Mamo," Usagi said with a chuckling sigh, as she gave him a light 
hug.

        "We'll tell you about all about, during the ride to the celebration 
party."

         "Wait, I thought we agreed... but... that must mean... OH GREAT."


----------


      The engine of a shiny motorbike roared as it sped through the highways 
with two occupants on it's seat. The driver of the bike wore an
open green helmet atop his head with no visor. He enjoyed the open wind in 
his face and frankly, he really didn't need a helmet. He also had on a 
comfortable large black short sleeved shirt with the word 'Goten' padded 
vertical across the left side in neon green and loose fit blue jeans and 
black and white high tops. A girl with long brown hair and a red helmet with 
a blue visor sat behind him, with her hands wrapped tightly around the boy's 
stomach and her said hair flapping idly in the wind. She had on a bright 
yellow skirt with a matching vest and white T shirt underneath, (Which 
commented her nice bustsize just fine, one of the reasons he liked riding 
was when she was with him, feeling her bosom squeezed on his back was a nice 
added benefit) and low cut caramel boots. Her head was leaned slightly to 
the side as to see what's in front of her and enjoy the sights as they 
whizzed by. And whiz by they did.
       Paris hated how Goten drove sometimes. She was sure they were riding 
around 60, 70 or maybe 80mph about now. But somehow, she always felt safe 
when she was with him. They'd always been friends in high school, around the 
11th grade year but not anymore than that till now. And both gradually 
became quite serious about there relationship. He'd dated a lot of the girls 
around school, but none of them worked out well. One screwup and he'd be 
sidelined once more. Or they'd find someone else, say, like the brawny 
quarterback of the high school football team, named Junto Kasuya. But that 
was in the past. That guy to her (and half of the of the others in school) 
was a complete dipstick most of the time. She never dated him, nor did she 
ever actually want to. He was cute, but looks aren't everything. Besides, 
Goten had such a cute simple attitude at times...

         "Ack! Red Light!" Goten yelled out as he slowly pumped the brakes 
to a fast yet smooth halt. Paris hugged him even tighter as he did so as not 
to fall off, but Goten was firm and in place on the bike like always. She 
was always quite impressed by the upper body strength he seemed to possess, 
but on the otherhand since the time she saw his rigid stomach it made sense. 
Goten fumed.

        "Come on... change already!" He shouted aloud gripping the handles 
to the bike almost nervously, "At this rate Trunks will be there long before 
me..."

        "Calm down Goten," Paris said over his shoulder, "We'll be there 
soon enough. Why do you want to get there before Trunks anyway?" He 
shrugged.

        "A little bet we made yesterday. Nothing much I guess, but I wanna 
shut his ego up atleast this once." He sighed. Just cause he's so far 
defeated him at every Tekeiichi Budokai the fool's ego has been flaring on 
and off. He wasn't too bad though. But the girls that have been flocking 
about him didn't help matters much.

        "Green light Goten!" Paris shouted into his ear. Goten 'oh'ed 
cheerfully before they sped off once more down the street. He grinned. He 
could see a gigantic billboard with Mr Satan's face plastered across it just 
ahead. Goten grinned and sped up little as he made the rest of the way 
towards the park.

        Finally, after an extra few minutes they were there after the long 
yet enjoyable ride. I think I actually won this one, Goten thought to 
himself as they searched for a vacant parking space. That thought was soon 
crushed as he turned his head to the right and saw his best friend and a few 
friends he knew from school (two of which were girls and one boy) and 
brought with him and waving at him standing beside the car they'd came in 
and the vacant parking space that was waiting just for him.

        Giving a big sigh he drove his bike over and parked into the space 
grumbling.

        "What took you so long?" Trunks asked jokingly as he moved over to 
the new arrivals as they dismounted their vehicle and shut off the engine. 
Goten glared at him. Trunks wore a white short sleeved shirt with navy blue 
shorts that reached to just alittle under his knees.

        "How could you have possibly got here earlier than I did? You had to 
pick up those three!" He said, pointing at the others. One, named Melanie, 
was a cute light skinned blonde with a nice smile on her, with hair that 
reached halfway down her back which was tied in a slim ponytail, wearing a 
pink and white striped holster top and short jeans. She was currently 
glomped onto Trunks' arm smiling at the two arrivals.

        "Hey girlfriend!" She said to Paris giggling. Paris returned the 
greeting as they clasped hands (meaning she had to finally unlatch from 
Trunks) and started their own conversation moving over to Trunks' car for 
alittle privacy. The other girl, Karyn, who was soon dragged into Paris and 
Melanie's conversation, had short wavy green hair and strangely matching 
emerald eyes. She wore a short sleeved button up blouse and light blue pants 
with a pair of sneakers.

         "Yeah I know," Trunks said scratching his hair, "but I flew the car 
here instead of drive--"

         "Hey! You know that was cheating!" Goten shouted at him.

         "Well you know how far they live! I wouldn't have gotten here just 
NOW if I had drived. Besides, that means the bet was forfeit for me!" Trunks 
answered nodding at his friend. Goten was relieved and even alittle 
surprised as his friend verbally concceded defeat. Though he had his own 
money, Trunks had much more since his parents were rich. Capsule Corporation 
seemed to be an infinite cashcow for the Briefs family.

        "So, you got the tickets, right?" the other boy who came with Trunks 
asked the two. Keiya, had solid blue colored hair, which hung lightly and 
came down only to his neck. He wore a long sleeved matching blue shirt and 
comfortable white jeans with matching white hightops.

        "Don't sweat it," Trunks said casually, reaching into his left 
pants' pocket, "They're right here..." He now alternated and began digging 
into his other pocket. When he stopped and pulled his hands out with no 
tickets in them, they got worried.

        "...Uh oh...." Trunks frowned as he thought on, "I think I forgot 
them..."

        "Greeaaaattt..." Goten and Keiya toned together, sweatdropping.

        "Ahh, don't worry, you forget who I am!" He said, pointing at 
himself with a thumb, "Trunks Briefs of Capsule Corporation! We should be 
able to get in on me alone at the sound of my name!"

        Goten balked. "Trunks...YOUR EGO IS UNBEARABLE!!"

        Trunks chuckled and started scratching the back of his neck 
nervously. "Well anyway, it's our best chance next to going back for the 
tickets..."

        "Just fly home and grab them then," Goten said casually. Trunks 
nodded and began to levitate off the ground.

        "USING YOUR CAR!" Goten finished. Trunks stumbled and almost fell 
down but fortunately kept his balance. Keiya snickered at Goten's outburst. 
Those three of Goten and Trunks' friends knew about Trunks and Goten's 
ability to fly since the the last year Budoukai, and asked for them many a 
time to show them how, but they could never do it.

        "It'll be faster this Goten! All I do is zip off back home, grab the 
tickets, and come back, no problem. The car would just slow me down."

        "Well yea, I guess your right," Goten said after a moment of 
thought. "But be careful no one sees you, you know how our mothers hate 
that," He finished cheerfully.

        "See ME?" Trunks said, swinging his arms back and forth loosening 
them then moving into a small crouch, "I'm already gone."

        Flashing a grin, Trunks shot into the air with the howl of the 
winds.

----

        It was a tight fit squeezing the 5 girls, himself, and two guardian 
cats into his own car, but somehow he managed to do it. Mamorou, Usagi, and 
company were heading towards Satan City.

        Mamorou was of course at the dirver's side of his shiny red sports 
car, with Usagi next to him on the passenger's side, sharing her seat with 
Luna, humming to a song on the radio and watching the road go by. She 
glanced at Mamo and sighed alittle nervously as he seemed to groan at that 
exact moment. He'd been riding with that same frown since they got in the 
car. Of course, who'd be happy about wasting a hundred dollars on tickets 
for our date the same place where the senshi would be appearing. College 
students had NO money to be wasting, and boy, did those tickets cost ALOT. 
The four others were cramped together in the back. Ami was reading a book 
she brung along, Minako sat back in the chair half asleep with Artemis in 
her lap, and Makoto stared boredly out of side window she was at. Meanwhile, 
Rei sat up from her spot in her cramped seat in the back.

        "Usagi, you going to change the station on that radio?"

        "Oh, how come?"

        "Cause if I hear that annoying song one more time I'll kill 
myself!!"

        "Hey, I happen to like this song!" Usagi retorted. Whatever that 
seemed to be bothering Rei earlier obviously wasn't bothering her now, she 
surmised. Luna groaned. She wasn't too far in her estimates of how long it 
would take before they started another argument.

        "Yeah, sure, I used to too, but they play it TOO much now! I bet you 
anything it's probably on another station at this moment as well!"

        The two soon blasted into a full fledge argument/conversation. In 
truth to them it made the ride alittle more entertaining, but Makoto 
groaned.
         "...Just when I thought this would be a simple, peaceful, cramped 
up drive..." She glanced over to see that Ami was well entranced into her 
book, and Minako was still asleep, meaning nobody probably heard her. With 
another grunt she leaned back in her chair and decided to follow Minako's 
lead, trying to drift off as well, but the constant bickering between the 
duo kept her from achieving her goal. Mamorou only hoped and prayed this 
wouldn't go for the WHOLE ride there, and considered asking Minako for the 
earplugs he saw her put in her ears when they first got in the car. 
Obviously she had planned for this and if not, she was still lucky she had 
them. He did some quick math and came up that they had some under 2 hours 
until they arrived at their destination...

         Usagi was now arguing over the various stations that she was 
flipping through with Raye. Taking a good look at this scene, you wouldn't 
think those two were Sailor Senshi, and that there was a fight going down 
today that involved them all.

         ----

         Meanwhile at the destination, around 3 hours later...

         "It was a great idea for you us to come here Juuhachigou!" A short, 
mop topped man said laughing to the taller blonde which walked beside him as 
they ventured through large but crowded area. The blonde looked around 
alittle uncaringly of her surroundings with her arms crossed.

         "Yeah, sure is," She answered back as they continued their walk 
through the place, looking for something entertaining, or MrSatan.

         "I'm surprised you were able to get tickets for this you know! ... 
you SURE you didn't push around MrSatan so we could come?" The man by the 
name of Krillin asked. He wore a pair of off caramel draw string jogging 
pants and an overall black shirt with the word "OW!" on the front a colorful 
comic-like explosion bubble.

         "For the 50th time, NO, I didn't..." His wife retorted with a sigh, 
despite the emphasis, with a still nearly emotionless, but more like 
distracted expression as she continued her scan of the park and 
surroundings. Krillin recovered from his initial cringe from her response 
while she made an idle note that their daughter had long ago made a 
separation from them, probably to find Goten and Trunks, her school buddies. 
Once more she thought about what type of children they'd have if she married 
one of them. So far it was either one of pure idiocy, or one 100% pretty 
boy, or girl. She didn't think on this subject much, infact very rarely when 
she was bored, but it somehow crept back into her mind again. It WAS 
possible though. Goten and Trunks were her best friends so it was 
understandable. But she decided it was best NOT to think about it, and 
pushed it out of mind once more.

         And focused on more important things.

         Like finding MrSatan.

         And 'commissioning' out more of the money he owes to her. She was 
sure he's making a cool mint from this; with the tickets for that price, and 
how many people she's bumping into right now (Which are staring at her 
bi-cariously) he may have the rest the money this day.
Problem is... she's 'forgotten' the amount in which he owes. Oh well... 
things happen.
         Now if I could just find the dolt, she thought to herself. Hmm, 
where Satan goes, Buu is sure not to be too far behind...

         "Let's find the food court," She told Krillin as she changed 
direction for her new destination. Krillin was all too happy to follow since 
he was hungry and didn't know the true meaning of her plan.

         And speaking of which...Juuhachigou wasn't the only one wanting to 
see MrSatan...

------

         "....Can we PLEASE kill MrSatan?" A young man, (atleast which is 
what you'd think from first look, you'd never think the guy was in the range 
of being 30 years old) walked through the big celebration grounds as well. 
With his wife; a woman who was close to his age, but from the look of her it 
was obvious she kept good care of herself during the years. And beside the 
two of them, a small child. A living ball of energy, walked alongside them 
at the moment, before jumping and grapling onto her father's neck to get a 
better view of the scenery. Her father, Gohan, wore a white short sleeved 
shirt, a pair of glasses (Like this guy really needed them, but they made 
him look more cultured) and blue jeans, as did his wife, Videl, execpt for 
no glasses but she instead  had a small decorative gold locket around her 
neck as well. Their daughter, Pan, instead wore black jeans which fit her 
loosely yet perfectly, and a red short sleeved shirt. The one thing they all 
wore of the same the three was the strange yet fashionable white watch on 
each of their wrists.

         "For the 100th time, NO Gohan, we can't kill my father." Pan 
chuckled as Gohan groaned then,

         "O.k., can 'I' PLEASE kill father-in-law?" He asked again, with 
joking tone of voice. Pan outright laughed this time hanging backwards and 
holding onto her father's hair now for balance while Videl glared daggers at 
her husband.

         "GOHAN, what dad asked of us isn't too bad," She answered him. 
Gohan blinked.

         "....He... asked us?" He said blinking and staring up at the sky 
faking thought. Videl sighed.

         "Ok, ok, I get your point Gohan, but look on the bright side, we 
weren't planning today, and it'll be fun! Bringing back the Great Saiyaman 
team!" She then smirked and looked up at bundle of energy sitting atop his 
shoulders,

         "Plus one extra, right Pan?"

         "RIGHT!" Little Pan shouted, pointing to the sky triumphantily,

         "Great Saiyamaaaaaaaannn, 3!!!"
This got the attention of the large crowd around them, who stared at them 
for a few moments before chuckling at the child and going back to their 
business. Gohan and Videl sighed in relief from all the sudden emotional 
pressure that was dropped on them, and continued on.

         And how strange that a similar couple with a child, not too far 
away, would be making there trek across this large mega carnival
Well...

------

         "So... tell me ONE MORE TIME... why am 'I' here?"

         The woman who walked from across from the male owner of the said 
statement sighed grumbling. She knew that he was simply doing this to annoy 
her... and despite knowing that, he was succeeding.

         "Vegeta, you ARE NOT spending all day in the blasted gravroom 
today! Ohhhhhh no, your getting out and breathing some fresh air for once!" 
The woman answered as she held the hand of their 5 year old daughter and 
ventured about the second half of the game section, the little girl looking 
about at all the various games and prizes, and carrying a impressive and 
sizeable bag of goodies that had been won for her. She wore pair cute pink 
sundress on her with small ruffles. Her parents were very differently 
dressed however. As the spiky haired husband of the family wore a sky blue 
short sleeved shirt with a white brand named marking on the front and back 
that seemed reminiscent to a Nike symbol, and blue loose fit jeans. Topped 
off with his usual white, gold tipped boots of course. Meanwhile the 'wife' 
wore a simple green unruffled one piece dress, a pair of high tops, and 
black leotards for the legs.

         "Hmph... stupid waste of time me being here I say," The saiyan 
gruffed as he looked about the place. Their daughter Bra kept dragging him 
to and about, winning little prizes and such from the games outside.

         Dunk the Clown.

         Ring Toss.

         That strongman contest, which was the only one he rightfully lost, 
since the platform he hit broke from the force of his one handed swing with 
the 50lbs hammer.

         Twice.

         Still, they gave them the prize, but after seeing that unimpressive 
game which was SUPPOSED to test his strength, it, once more in a long time, 
reaffirmed his ideal that the humans on the planet would have been long 
destroyed if it wasn't for the handful of saiyans that lived there. He 
suddenly noticed that he was hearing an obnoxious sound once more. His mate 
had started yapping again sometime ago during his train of thought.

         "So atleast TRY to have a good to have a good time today? And don't 
ruin Bra's." Speaking of which their little daughter had just spotted the 
next thing she wanted. It was abit clichd, but...

         "Papa! Win me that!" Bra yelled, pulling at her father's pant's 
leg, pointing at the giant 2 story tall teddy bear that sat beside another 
yet another game booth nearby. The would-be Prince, even King, of the 
saiyans looked down at the bundle of energy, which was now once more giving 
him her lately overused 'Puppy Dog Eyes' look, which had absolutely NO 
effect on him as he gazed at her.

         Yeah, right.

         As they approached the line for the large gamestand Vegeta gave a 
quick once over of what the pathetic game would be this time. Hmm...

         The game once more seemed simple, there were five loops lined up 
and a target behind the last one to hit. Each loop was spread about 4 foot 
inbetween eachother and it was obvious only a person with a strong arm and 
really good aim had any chance of winning. Vegeta sighed as he looked on 
with his arms folded across his chest. It to him looked SOOO easy. Simply 
aim, throw and hit the target. But from the disappointed faces of the people 
who were leaving the game unsuccessful, it wasn't. Atleast to them. Still 
there was quite a few people in line infront of him still, but was 
diminishing rapidly as everyone was losing at a fast rate. Most all of the 
people in line were trying their hopes in winning the gravely oversized 
teddy. For a girlfriend, for themselves, or for a family relative. Didn't 
matter cause none had succeeded yet in winning the stuffed bear. In a matter 
of minutes as the line continued to shrink with nobody winning the bear as 
of yet, the family of three soon found themselves standing at the desk of 
the two people which were running the game. Both wore a couple of T-Shirts 
with blue jeans, though the designs on the shirts were different, as the 
female had a design of MegaManX on the front, while the male had a black 
shirt with the outline of Squall   Leonhart on the front, with the Final 
Fantasy 8 logo on the back. Both had shiny (almost gleaming) long brown 
hair, which was slightly stood up on the top of their heads, but hung 
gently, but equally loose and frizzled down to their upper backs. It's a 
good possibility that they were brother and sister. Meanwhile, the two game 
runners were measuring up their new contestant.

        The simple expression he wore on his face, the noticeable muscle 
tone of the man, and his questionable hairstyle told them three things:

        1: I'm VERY cocky.

        2: Do not FUCK with me.

        And 3: No, I don't know what a brush is.

       Where your regular shifty person might not try anything with this 
type of person, as not to be caught, these two saw it as a good challenge, 
to break this person's ego in two.

       "A new contestant?" Said the female, "Well try your skill! You look 
strong enough to win this big plushie sitting over here! Want to win it for 
your lady friend? Or maybe your little daughter there?" She said, pointing 
idly to the little child with them. Vegeta simply gave the bubbly woman a 
curious look.

      "...So how much?" The wild haired man asked bluntly, seeming 
unaffected by the ramblings of the brunette.

     "Just 4 dollars," Answered the male this time, with an almost exact 
bubbly attitude. They definitely were twins or something, he thought to 
himself. He pulled 4 dollars out his pocket and placed it on the counter 
before them with a 'slap'. The female took the money while at the same time 
giving him three white perfectly rounded balls. They had a good weight to 
it, but were nothing in his hands. He pivoted just slightly, as to give 
himself the adequate aim of the target. Throwing it up once, he then caught, 
and gave a careless throw towards the target behind the rings in front of 
it.

      The ball flew easily through the first three, before clanging on the 
forth, and descending towards the ground, very much missing the smallest 
last hoop.

      Vegeta blinked. He put enough force on that, he was sure, to fly 
straighter than an arrow, fly through the loops, and hit the target dead on 
with some force to spare. But it didn't. The game runners bit the inside of 
their lips as not to laugh out laugh at the man as he picked up another ball 
with a slight disapproving scowl. What a fool...

      The former saiyan prince clutched his next ball as he took a moment to 
look over the area. Particularly at the two who owned the game. They simply 
stood, waiting for his next attempt. He decided to give the another simple 
throw, only that now he was now giving the game some actual attention. He 
threw once more.

      The game owners snickered inwardly. That first throw though gave them 
a slight surprise. It was set that the ball wouldn't make to the fourth 
loop. They decided that this time, he would once more hit the fourth loop, 
and on the last one, well, they'd just make him fail pitifully. Once he 
lost, he'd probably be so frustrated he'd stand in line to, pay another 4 
bucks, and pitch again.

      And just as planned, the ball once more clonked against the fourth 
loop before taking it's faltering dive towards the ground. Bulma stared on 
in disbelief for a moment before looking over towards Vegeta. Vegeta simply 
looked on towards the game.

     Whatever doubts the saiyan prince had about this game was were 
completely gone now. He smirked just slightly. The game was quite obviously 
crooked. He kept a straight face as he looked on at the game before him, and 
took a couple looks through the side of his eye at the game operators. They 
were probably snickering their stupid heads off.
But he would soon be the one with something to laugh about. He picked up the 
last of the three spheres and threw it up and down a couple of times in his 
open palm as he looked on at his target, which was the metal bullseye circle 
behind the 5 rings. He could feel little Bra's tugging on one of his pants' 
legs. People looked on at Vegeta with a moment of curiousity, mostly waiting 
for him to make his final throw, so they'd be one step closer to their 
chance for the prize. Simply cocking his hand back with the ball in it, 
Vegeta swung his arm forward, releasing the ball towards it's target.

       Nobody saw it fly. But they sure heard the loud 'DONG,' the breaking 
of various metals, and circuits fizzling inside the machine which held the 
bullseye. The game operators gawked, then scowled, while the rest of the 
onlookers and people in line stared on in wild curiousity. Daughter and wife 
cheered their spiky haired father. And Vegeta couldn't help but grin at his 
handy work. Giving a 'hmph', he simply walked over to his prize. Something 
the size of what this gigantic stuffed teddy bear gave the impression that 
it had to be atleast around a couple of tons maybe, to the least maybe 700 
pounds.
But that was put to test as the short stalky man simply picked it up and 
walked it back over to his family. Bra once more attached herself to her 
father's leg giggling and still cheering him, while Bulma fished though her 
purse. People still stared in awe at the winners.

       "Let me get out a capsule, no need lugging that big heavy thing 
everywhere," She told him. He scoffed.

       "Heavy? This? ...Right..."

       Pressing the capsule top, she threw it towards the bear, which 
disappeared in a puff of smoke, only leaving the capsule which was hurled at 
it. With a laugh, Bra ran over and picked up the capsule triumphantly.

       "Thank you daddy!!" She said in a sugary lisp. Vegeta simply 
shrugged.

       "Awwww, what a nice thing to do Mr BadMan," Bulma cooed, hugging him 
and calling him one of her own personal pet names. "And here I thought for a 
second you were loosing your edge!"

       "Well I think we're spoiling her rotten...wait, ME? LOOSING MY EDGE? 
HA! I don't think so..." He finished with a scowling smirk. The small family 
of three soon ventured away from the game to find something to eat. 
Meanwhile back at the game, the two game owners gritted their teeth as they 
scanned the damage to their machines. A broken steel loop, the bullseye was 
dented in about three inches, the marble ball which was thrown was busted in 
three big and smaller pieces, and the metal joint inside the machine that 
held the bullseye was jammed in good, possibly  a whole foot and a half. The 
male picked the ball halves examining them and giving a look over to her 
partner. He half smiled and gave a silent nod. Meanwhile the next 
contestants in line talked among themselves.

       Just great! That guy had to win it! And just when Mamorou was up 
next... darn! I wanted that!" Usagi fumed to herself as she and Mamorou 
walked from the deforming line that was once at the now broken carnival game 
to rejoin her friends. Luna was draped lazily over her shoulder with a small 
sweatdrop as she tried to tune out the pigtialed one's ranting.


       "So what happened over there?" Raye asked.

       "Some spiky haired guy broke the game to win the prize or something I 
think, it happened kinda fast..."

       "The game was crooked," Mamorou simply stated. The others turned 
their heads to look at Mamo with sudden interest. Only Ami and Raye in the 
group did not seem too surprised at this.

       "I thought those two carnies look abit shifty," Raye muttered aloud, 
taking another look at the two in question. The two were glaring at their 
broken machinery. Ami nodded.

       "I think their was something the guy was messing with underneath his 
counter during the contest, and they could easily control one's pitch by 
inserting a magnet inside the ball or the loops!" Meanwhile a book of 
child-drawn pictures popped up in the senshi's minds, each depicting the 
game's riggings, including a Super-Deformed Tuxedo Mask who was trying his 
hand at the contest and failing miserably. With a faltering frown, a 
sweatdrop, and a shake of his head, the group came back to reality.

       "So what happened there anyway?" Amy asked the moment afterwards.

       "Well, the guy before us took his turn, he seemed like, he was going 
to lose but on the last ball he threw I think it broke the game with it; he 
threw it so fast it was like when his arm went down and then the bell 
sounded!"

       Usagi blinked, as she noticed all faces were curiously turning 
towards their Senshi of Fire, who was more or less staring off in the 
direction in which the winners of the broken carnival game and the giant 
plushie had disappeared in. Questionably, the group inched in on the 
distracted senshi member.

       "...Yell 'Boo' in my face again and you will ALL be licking the 
asphalt." The gathering audience slowly eased away from the maniacal    
glare of fire priestess.

       "We were just concerned Raye," Usagi said, wiping the large sweatdrop 
off her brow, "You zoned out on us again! Are you... feeling ok?"

       Raye simply turned back to face them, then flicked her thumb out, 
pointing at the direction she was just looking towards, "... There's 
something about that couple... the ones who just walked from the game..."

      "Besides the bug zapper hairdo the guy was wearing?" Makoto joked. 
Raye chuckled silently.

      "Well... besides that I mean... he has a weird... aura... I can't 
exactly... pinpoint what it's like... savage, yet calm... it's disturbing." 
Everyone was left in silence for a few moments from the explanation Raye 
gave them. Ami sighed, wishing she could somehow use her visor now. With it, 
she could see various things not seen to the naked eye, and even pick up 
readings and gives stats on their foe. But unfortunately, that was only 
available in Senshi Mercury mode. But ah! How could she forget about her 
handy mini-computer?! Quickly she pulled it out of her purse and began 
punching away.

      "Raye, what would you say about those two game operators as well?" 
Mamorou said, gestering behind him at the now closed carnival game they left 
sometime ago. The fire priestess looked over at the aformentioned game. For 
a long few moments, she stared on at the two game operators, who were now 
talking among themselves, leaning against the busted game. Raye squinted her 
eyes slightly, her brow furrowed, deep in thought. The others of the group 
inhaled slowly as she scanned them, coming closer to her answer. She gasped, 
inhaling sharply. The others took a step back from her, looking between the 
senshi of fire, and the two in which she was scanning.

      "Wh-what is it Raye?" Minako stammered, reading herself for what looks 
to be a possible prelude to battle. Raye seemed to snap out of trance at 
that exact moment.

      "...I'm right... they're just a couple of REALLY sleazy carnies."
The sound of sizzling suddenly assaulted her ears. Confused, she turned 
around to the sound, and paled. The 5 of her friends were glaring back at 
her, faces so red, you would swear you could see steam coming from the top 
of their heads.

      "G...guys?! Umm... what did I do?" She mouthed out barely, stepping 
back from them before the thought of physical pain crossed their minds. They 
sighed as a group.

      "Nevermind Raye..." Usagi said.

      "Well, anyway," Raye started, "I think I sense the being we're looking 
for, but there are... quite a few strong powers here... maybe this whole 
thing is a set up."

      "That is very possible," Minako said out to nobody in particular.

      "Well then," Usagi spoke up, "I say we scout the carnival out! I say 
we split up into groups of," She mentally counted the faces before her and 
added herself,

"2!"

      Ami blinked. "Umm, Usag-"

      "Ignore that scout pun thing." Usagi stated. Ami nodded with a 
innocent smile and left it at that.

      "Well anyway, I got dibs on--"

      "MAM-MO-ROU." They four girls said at once in singsong voices. Usagi 
sweatdropped.

      "Hey this'll be fun, huh Minako?" Makoto said, giving a small thumbs 
up, a poke with her elbow. Minako returned the smirk. The levelheaded of the 
group; Ami and Raye, sighed as they knew the exact same thought was 
traveling through those two minds. BOY HUNT!

      "Let's TRY to keep in mind why were here..." Raye said as she ran a 
hand through her long raven black hair. Minako and Makoto looked at 
eachother for a moment, and nodded. It was time again to teach these the 
senshis of fire and water about alittle something called; FUN.

      "I got Ami!" Makoto exclaimed.

      "Raye's MINE!" Minako shouted. Both quickly lunged out and clasped 
their respective and surprised partners before dragging them off in 
different directions, Artemis giving a big sigh and chasing after the 
Minako/Ami group. They were just too focused on having fun this day. For 
good reason on the contrary. All 6 of them just made it into a high priced 
carnival; possibly the biggest seen in years; without paying a thing. With 
alittle building hopping, they made it inside, but not totally unseen. But 
after reverting, nobody was the wiser of who they were more than more people 
who has come to have fun.

      "TRY to remember why we're here!" Mamorou yelled after the separating 
parties, and sighed, as they were probably out of range by the time he 
yelled it.

      "Well Usa-ko, where to n--" He smacked his forehead at what he now 
saw. She was sitting at a nearby outside table, just alittle from the 
outside foodcourt she obviously just visited, with an assortment of 
different foods; tacos, burgers, a small but incedibly stacked pizza, and 
more, scattered infront of her, in which she was now digging into with a 
vengence.

      "Hey Mamo-chan! Come take a bite before I eat it all!" Usagi called, 
as the food meanwhile seemed to almost disappear from the table it was once 
on. Well, Mamo thought, it's going to be a long day, might as well grab 
something to eat before Usa eats it all. And with that, he joined his lovely 
bottomless pit of a girlfriend. With a few moments of talking and eating, 
both finally got back to the mission at hand.


----


     
Blakablakablakablakablakblaka*click*blakablakablakablakablaka*click*blakablakablakablakablakablaka*click*...

      People stared awestruck around the two girls, one spiky haired cyan, 
and the other a practical opposite, a purple haired, long ponytailed female, 
reloaded and fire ablaze at the screen repeatedly, covering the screen with 
explosions of blood and dying zombies in their barrage. Both had their eyes 
squinted as they continued there attack, faces twisted in concentration, 
except for the one in awhile cracks they made at eachother in an attempt of 
strategic distractions, and trying to attract attention from their love 
interest, who was watching them play the shooting game alittle uneasily.

      "Lookie who's in the lead little princess!" Ryoko sang at Ayeka during 
a demo on the game, blowning on her gun like people do in movies, and giving 
a wink at Tenchi. Tenchi swallowed a touch nervously but rewarded her with a 
recognizing smile. Ayeka fumed.

      "Ha! Your only in the lead by a thousand points! I can make that up 
easily" Ayeka said as-a-matter-of-factly, arms crossed as she waited for the 
next scenario. So far it was something about needing to get on a boat to 
ride to the other side of some dock. The game had the plot of a B rated 
movie, with zombies flying at them left and right, but it somehow pulled it 
off clean and without a hitch. She didn't exactly know WHY she was playing 
such a gruesome game. She should've turned Ryoko down at her forced request 
of playing this game, but when that request changed into a challenge...

     "I should really focus on looking at only the screen, otherwise I might 
try to shoot you by mistake!" Ryoko said with a cheesy grin. Ayeka growled.

     "Ha! They look more related to YOU, a mummy!"

     "Hey do I look like your mother?!" Ryoko shouted back, obviously 
missing the real meaning of the said statement. Ayeka tried for a moment to 
figure what went wrong with her insult...

     "Um, you guys..." Tenchi said, pointing at the game screen.
but the screams of a male and female couple being chased by a pair of 
axe-throwing zombies made a run across the screen. Both quickly turned back 
around, and in a blink the pair of virtual gunslingers commenced to filling 
the screen with shots once more. In the aftermath, Ryoko found she shot the 
male victim.

     "Can't they run faster or something..." Ryoko grumbled as the scene 
moved once more.

     "Ahem. Excuse me Ryoko, I've forgotten... WHO'S in the lead?" Ayeka 
asked, giving a triumphant smile to her adversary. The demoness countered 
with a toothy grin. Tenchi caught sight of this and took a step back.

     "Hooboy..."

     "Ayeka, this game has just begun."  The retired space pirate clicked 
her gun, which reloaded full as a mixed horde zombies, ravenous birds, and 
vicious snakes made there towards them. Deciding one step was far from safe, 
the young prince inched himself out from the scenery.

     "Well is that so..." The Jurian Princess commented with a smirk on her 
lips, as she reloaded as well. Both turned their heads back to the large 
arcade screen and aimed. And once more, the screen was covered in a blaze of 
color and gore. Game veterans of the arcades who were crowed around the 
group of three rooted the two as they began again.

----

     "They're pretty good...especially for girls!" Trunks commented from 
over the shoulder of a another viewer as he and Goten watched two females 
blast away at the giant arcade screen. Melanie sighed and crossed her arms.

     "Men, and the egos they nurture... and what's so surprising about a 
couple of girls with good marksmanship?" She asked, pointing her index 
finger around like it was a gun and aiming about with one closed eye.

     "Well nothing," Trunks responded, "But I do wander if you could do more 
than shoot your mouth off" Trunks said, grinning at his own joke. Melanie 
frowned and elbowed him in the ribs, but Trunks took it and chuckled at her 
attempt. Keiya just sighed and decided to find a game to play himself.

-----

     "Go *munch* Sasami! Your doing *chewchew* great!!" Mihoshi commented as 
she chewed on a few pieces of gum, which was just some of the things Sasami 
was winning from the crane game she was playing at the moment. Washu and 
Minagi, who joined up with the group after their arrival (Minagi got there 
first, and met up with the group at the gameroom) were crowded around her as 
she played. Washu chuckled.

     "Yup, these games are much better to play once the odds have been 
evened!" The redhead commented to Minagi as she watched Sasami continue to 
play.

     "But Washu... think you might've made it TOO easy?" Minagi asked, with 
a slight sweatdrop as she looked over at the big bagfulls of candy, 
plushies, and other prizes Sasami won so far. The machine only had a few 
prizes left inside to be collected Besides making the crane claw bigger, 
Washu's other idea of 'equality' was obviously infinite continues. Washu 
gave it a moment of thought.

     "Naaaaaah!" Washu shrugged, smiling mischievously. Minagi simply 
chuckled nervously and continued to watch Sasami play the game, Mihoshi 
cheering her on as she ate a few of the sweets the 8 year old collected thus 
far.


----

     "This is so eerie... there's atleast MORE than half a dozen people in 
this area that have unusually high energies..." Ami said aloud as she stared 
into her compact computer curiously. Artemis was draped over her shoulder 
reading her calculations as well. A long piece of cloth was suddenly thrown 
over her head. She shuffled about trying to get it off, which it did easily.

      "Minako! What was that about?!" Both the blue haired girl and the 
white cat shouted. People looked towards them at that moment after hearing 
what they thought was a male voice inside the dress shop, but after seeing 
no male, simply took it that they were mistaken. Artemis decided to keep 
quiet and to his thoughts until they were atleast out of the store. If not 
longer out of embarresment.

       Wouldn't Luna LOVE to catch me in here...

      "I think you'd look GREAT in that, don't you?" She smiled as she took 
the cloth from Ami and opened it up for her to see. It was a silky white and 
purple long dress, with ruffles on the bottom. It looked fit for a princess. 
Considering that she was one anyway.

      "MINAKO... we're supposed to be--"

      "Keeping a lookout for anything weird going on of course, but we also 
gotta act normal too as not to attract attention to ourselves as well, AND 
it wouldn't hurt to let our eyes travel abit meanwhile! Now try it on! Go 
ahead!"

      "But Minako, this dress must cost a MINT!" Ami exclaimed as she slowly 
backed away from Minako's shivering grin as she approached, holding the 
dress out to her.

      "No it doesn't cost that much, it's a novelty dress, for dressing up 
at the carnival! We can make a rental on it! See, I got one myself!" She 
finished, holding out a uniform, that looked very much like that of Sailor 
Moon's. Ami chuckled, almost laughing outright.

      "Usagi would EXPLODE if she saw you dressed in that!"

      Minako grinned again and chuckled.

      "EXACTLY."

------

      "Yes, it's strong here... we're getting close Makoto!" Raye said as 
she looked about the inside foodcourt, there must've been a lot of these 
around this place... but then noticed, Makoto wasn't beside her like she 
expected.

       Raye gritted her teeth as she watched Makoto order a bucket of 
popcorn, hotdog, and two drinks from one of the inside quick order resturant 
in the foodcourt.

       "MA-KO-TOOOOOO... WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" Raye asked through her gritted 
teeth.

       "Hotdog?" Makoto replied, holding out a chilli dog with catsup and 
mustard on it.

       "...I'll Pass..." Raye replied. "Look, don't you think we should lay 
off eating anything here? It could be poisoned or something you know..."

       "Well everybody else is eating it and nothing's happening, so 
everything should be ok I guess, and besides I rushed out the house this 
morning and didn't eat anything, and I'm gonna need energy for the fight 
coming, right?" The Soldier of Thunder stated, taking a bite of the hotdog 
Raye had just refused. Raye sighed defeatedly and began to scan the area 
slowly, hands clasped together and index finger pointed forward, trying to 
pinpoint the abnormally high energies she was feeling. She inhaled sharply 
when her finger came in target with the man they saw before; who broke the 
carnival game earlier. She stared on at the spiky haired man as he idly bit 
into the footlong sub he recently brought from the foodstand he was standing 
at. He seemed to be talking to the woman who was also with him earlier too, 
and the child was with them as well, who was sitting at a nearby table 
happily eating a bowl of ramen. 'He... is ACTING like your regular 
citizen...' her mind thought, but the sense of energy she was feeling from 
him was unmistakable. And of course, enemy forces seem to never show 
themselves first off.  There was more to him than what meets the eye... but 
then again, looking at that hairstyle... maybe--

      She shivered visibly and put down her hands as the man's gaze turned 
towards her.

      "Raye?! What's up?!" Makoto asked, giving a slight shake on her 
shoulders. Thinking back to how many times she saw The Solider of Fire space 
out in one day, it was starting to worry her deeply.

      Without a word, Raye turned and walked over to a table far on the 
otherside of the foodcourt. Makoto followed, her concern clearly showing.

      Vegeta smirked to himself as he raised sub to his mouth for another 
bite. Just maybe... this would not be such a bad day after all.

      "Raye, I have to say that your starting to freak me out... that's the 
THIRD time today you zoned out like that... JUST WHAT THE HELL IS GOING 
ON?!" She punctuated, laying a firm grip on the shrine priest's shoulder. 
Raye turned her head, but only to seemingly give focus to a spot on the 
floor.

      "...We might be in over our head."

      Makoto sighed and pulled back her arm, and crossing them over her 
chest in concern. "Raye... what is it? We're all in this together... we're 
here for you, so, tell us what's eating at you... so we can pound it to bits 
for you!" The brunette finished grinning and chuckling alittle afterwards. 
She hoped the laugh would catch on with her friend, but she did no more than 
crack a small smile. It was good enough however, atleast she wasn't frowning 
anymore.

      "Well, I had a vision today in the fire, I didn't want to draw 
attention to it because I don't know what to exactly make of it... something 
immense is coming...I... I don't... we have to stop it somehow!" She yelled, 
in her mixture of confused feelings, not knowing how exactly to explain the 
vague situation. Makoto blinked... and smiled.

      "Raye, how many earthly disasters have we conquered? We're the 
SailorSoldiers, remember?! We saved our present AND the future! And you 
suddenly have no confidence in all of our abilities?! Raye, you HAVE to more 
faith in us! And in yourself! And once we find that blob of putty and put 
him in his place, everything will be back the way it is, right?"

      "NO MAKOTO, it DOESN'T stop there! I felt INTENSE POWER in the vision 
alone! And what I felt in my vision... seemed to be--" She stopped sharply, 
as if something has just caught her eye, and something did. She stared at 
the back of a large purple cloak of an equally large round man, who, anybody 
could tell, was scarfing down sweets and junkfood at the nearby snackbar 
across the otherside of the foodcourt.
Both the senshi remembered that cloak from the otherday ago. And what Raye 
felt, she was sure they found who they were looking for.

      Buu continued to eat happily as the 2 SailorSoldiers made a beeline 
towards him.

Author's Rants: Good GOD! That came out MUCH longer than I expected, and I 
STILL didn't accomplish as much as I wanted! First, apologies. ^^; My old 
email; (Veggitto@Dragonsanime.com) went down sometime ago unfortunately, and 
all emails that were sent to it. I lost a few nice emails too; one such had 
what looked to be a detailed list of C&C on my first chapter, which I was 
planning to reply to, but lost it when Dragonsanime.com went down. Sooooo, 
any emails anybody might've sent me concerning the first chapter, if 
possible PLEASE SEND AGAIN. ^^ Comments, criticism, or atleast well thought 
out flames, send to Super_Veggitto@Hotmail.com! Sankyuu!
       And Second; eventhough I have proofread and revised this, I can 
DEFENITELY use some C&C on this chapter as well, as the mighty bulk of this 
behemoth escapes me. And oh yea! I almost forgot! *Sigh* though Tenchi Muyo 
is based after Manatsu No Eve, my thought track was after OVA 13, so... 
Kiyone may not be in the fic. Doh! I may try to fit her into the fic, but no 
promises. As of this time it would cause a confusing rewrite of the plot I'm 
planning. Well, we'll see what happens! (That seems like my favorite phrase 
doesn't it...?)
       Gah! ALSO, I noticed another fic on the net called 'Sailor Dragon'. 
As not to have my fanfiction mistaken as being associated with this other 
fic, should I think about a name change? Email me!

       Next in Sailor Dragon Muyo: Satan's big celebration continues! The 
big show (no that's not a pun on a certain Wrestler) commences as Satan 
starts his big finale! The Great Saiyaman team and the SailorSoliders take 
to battle in a fight against against the evil... Mr Buu? But amiss the 
contest, and even bigger battle springs forth! And finally... will 
Juuhachigou get her money?! Problems and power clash in the next chapter! Be 
theeerrree!

^^;  (...Yea... I thought that sounded corny as hell too... heh.)




