	Notes

Last part here she is please enjoy thanks for the support here's the 
sequel to.



Sasami's
Love
Part 5



	
She screamed as she looked at the lifeless body, " No Trunks, Tenchi 
how could you I now have nothing to live for, no Trunks don't die 
NNNNNNNOOOOOOOO," she started to cry uncontrollably, " My one true love 
your," she stalled and spoke every word as a syllable, " you're my one 
true love," she screamed then something happened the bars snapped for 
the first time she used her Juria powers. She knelt down on both knees 
lifted Trunks to a sitting position his head felt limply onto her 
shoulder she looked in horror she looked at Tenchi who didn't know what 
to do. Finally he thought it was time to reveal his true identity he 
grew a long cape his hair turned gray gyms popped onto his wrists his 
hair grew far out and his eyes turned green. " Kagato," whispered 
Sasami, " why would you care for me," " Well, Sasami, when on my ship 
when you landed to see Tenchi I was still alive he had destroyed only 
one half of me I looked into your eyes I saw them sparkle with love and 
joy I had to have you and now you hate me the total opposite outcome I 
wanted now I shall save you the trouble," Kagato drew his light beam 
sword pressed it to his heart and jabbed it in he immediately dissolved 
into dust his last words where, " I'm just sorry things happened like 
this," he was gone. Sasami looked back at Trunks she wept on his bloody 
chest it seemed that blood was coming from Sasami tears of regret that 
she would have ever been born for if she wouldn't this figure in her 
arms would be up and about playing and having fun all day long.

	She stopped to cry she looked at his face and began to weep once 
more she then slowly leaned to his face and kissed him with all she had 
she thought to bad he wasn't alive the kiss continued then she felt 
something strange that made her almost jump someone's arm was moving up 
and down her back she opened her eyes and there were to loving but weak 
eyes staring at her. She hugged him as tightly as possible he slowly 
got off her shoulder and began to caress her cheeks (face cheeks for 
all you sickos) he moaned in pain his body was bleeding horribly but it 
suddenly seemed to stop Sasami's kindness had saved him her love and 
gentleness.

	She got him back to the house and immediately called for Washu. 
Sasami quickly explained what had happened on the way to the lab. " You 
mean to tell me this gosh forsaken son of a gun is still alive after 
that!?" " Yes it's amazing as I said when I kissed him his bleeding 
stopped," Trunks came out all bandaged up around his waist and had a 
flexible cast because Trunks could still move his arm slightly which 
Washu said do only in emergency. He walked to Sasami who was watching a 
soap opera with everyone else (including the REAL Tenchi) then in the 
best way which was really falling he got on his knees he pulled out a 
red box opened it and said, " I want everyone to see my feelings to you 
so I'm here proposing to you in front of everyone Sasami royal princess 
of Jurai will you marry me?" Sasami got up her eyes teary (lets not 
forget that in this Sasami is 19 years old thank you), " Yes, yes I, I 
will," Trunks took her ring finger and slipped it on her he stood up 
with some difficulty her the most passionate kiss she ever received 
everyone applauded.

	After all the approval from the King of Jurai Trunks married her.

	Two years later
"So what shall we call him Sasami," " I think Trunks Jr. would fit him 
just fine," so Trunks had several more years love filled years with 
Trunks till death did them part but the best thing was he truly was 

					"SASAMI'S LOVE."

END.



Notes

	Than you all for the replies I hope you liked it this is my first 
multi-part story ever, give me comments but this time no suggestions 
for it is over this was my first and hopefully my last cross-over
Love you all and good night God bless. (I made it off without it being 
a lemon =D) P.S. if you won't the Jurian approval e-mail me at 
rosesfl@juno.com) 


Disclaimer

	Look I don't own The Tenchi cast Or Dragon Ball Z cast Pioneer 
does so don't sue me and I only  get five dollars a week so I could 
never pay it off unless I was on the street selling my hairs for a 
nickel. So  don't sue me bye (that was really boring oh well) 

