
	Here is the conclusion to part one of Sasami's love. I highly 
recommend you read the first part of this story first this is my second 
fan fic I say again my first multipart and my first x over so without 
further or due sit back, relax, buckle those seatbelts, and get ready 
to read. (Hope that didn't sound too gay)

					Sasami's
					  Love
					  Part 2

	He started to dance with her in and out of the air still in their 
warm, loving kiss. As if she wanted it his tongue entered her mouth. 
His tongue explored her mouth running along every ridge every secret. 
They continued to dance in the air for hours hugging and kissing. " 
Trunks I love you," said Sasami, " And I you Sasami," answered Trunks, 
" Sasami it's getting late I better get you home," "Thanks Trunks," " 
You're welcome Sasami," he scooped her in his arms and started to fly 
her home when he remembered, " Um. where do you live exactly," " Right 
over those hills at Okoyama," "Ok we'll be there in one sec," then he 
flew at the mountains at top speed. They went through the forest, then 
the mountains, then, the plains in a matter of half a minute. Then 
Trunks stopped lowered to the ground, and Sasami jumped off his back. " 
Well, here's your house," " Would you like to come in for dinner?" " 
Well.I.uh," " It's ok come on," so they went to the house together. " 
Hi everyone I'd like you to meet a new person," " Who," everyone said 
simultaneously, " His name is Trunks." Trunks entered the house and 
Tenchi came to show him around. " Would you like to walk outside," " 
Actually I prefer to fly it's much faster," " Y-y-you f-fly to?" said a 
stunned yet impressed Tenchi they walked outside to look around, "so 
why'd Sasami bring you here I mean what'd you do for her," " Well, can 
you keep a secret?" " Well, I've kept thousands my hole life I don't 
see how I couldn't this time," " Ok good, well, as you know my name is 
Trunks I've come to the past from the future to stop an evil person 
named Dr. Gero who wanted his revenge on a guy named Goku for 
destroying the Red Ribbon Army that he worked so much on so he maid two 
killer androids named 17 and 18 when I finished the job of destroying 
them I heard someone scream from what sounded like a young teenager I 
heard it again and flew off when I found where it came from I got right 
down below her with not a second to spare I caught her and I told her 
who I was and where I came from and then we.well.," " Well what 
happened Trunks I'm all ears," " For some reason she asked if I hade a 
girlfriend I of course told her no because where I come from there is 
no need for girlfriends we just need to survive from the androids and 
she said she didn't either and then we k-k-," Trunks was blushing 
horribly, " kis-se-d ." 

	"DDDDDIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRR IIIIISSSSSS 
RRRREEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAADDDDYYYY!!" came the booming voice of Sasami, " 
Yikes we better get there fast climb on my back," and Trunks blasted 
off. They got there in a few seconds when they landed they entered the 
house. Sasami was about to do a second call when Trunks waked in the 
kitchen which meant half were at the table. She had Trunks go and get 
Washu they got acquainted then Trunks went to Rhyoko who was sound 
asleep so he left. When he returned everyone but Rhyoko was there. " 
Hey Trunks come sit by me," said Sasami, " Ok," then they asked where 
he came from Washu was the most interested to find out. After they 
pleaded for about half an hour he had no choice he explained when he 
got to the stuff about time machines and androids Washu was stunned her 
eyes glimmered and sparkled she was impressed that with what they had 
left they still built one. Now Aeka was getting concerned, " Sasami why 
did you bring him back though," "Well he saved me," " He what, you mean 
he saved you," " That's right uh miss Aeka," said Trunks not knowing if 
that was right or not he whispered directly to her only for her to 
hear, " Well, were sort of boyfriend and girlfriend," Aeka looked 
shocked, "Miss Aeka are you ok," asked Tenchi, " Yes I'm just fine and 
Aeka smiled at Sasami and they continued to eat.

Notes

	Well, what'd ya think pretty good bad fair poor great any 
suggestions comments please e-mail me I'd appreciate it third one's 
coming soon bye
     

