		Notes 

	Starting here is the marking point that you have been waiting for 
this is where it starts to get good and if you thought the first few 
parts were good thanks but I pray for you even though you have to read 
the first three parts before this here is the fourth part.




Sasami's
Love
Part 4
	

	Trunks got up and called for her. He heard nothing. He looked for 
a while till he knew he'd looked everywhere except the ladies bath. 
Rhyoko was coming down to go to the bath so Trunks asked her to look. 
She came out and said no.	He ran outside to look in the fields and 
in the forest. In the center of the forest on the biggest tree 
grandpa's tree there was a sword deeply sliced into it and it had a 
ransom note saying, "I've taken Sasami if you want her back come back 
here at 5 o'clock I'll be waiting. Bring 5,000,000 yen."
5,000,000 yen he thought he thought over then he said it, " 5,000,000 
yen. Wait I know about this stuff it happens in the movies all the time 
you give them the ransom and they keep the girl." 

	Sasami awoke with someone's mouth joined with hers. She tried to 
back away but couldn't she was locked to the wall by her hands and 
feet. She looked into the mans warm eyes who let go. " Tenchi why did 
you do this," " Because Sasami dearest I love you please except me." 
"What but you know about hi-," she was stopped in mid sentence, " Yes, 
about him I know he will be gone before to late I will extinguish him 
terminate him kill him what ever you Jurian's call it," " No you can---
," she was stopped again by Tenchi kissing her his tongue entered her 
mouth but she could do nothing to get away. 

	Trunks started to the appointed place and saw Tenchi waiting 
there Trunks followed him to a ship where he was transported (the 
Tenchi Trunks saw was a clone). He landed now he had a harder task he 
was in the middle of a maze that the walls were a hundred feet tall and 
they touched the ceiling he started to run going left and right then he 
saw how pointless this was so he started to blast the walls down one by 
one and fly over them. Meanwhile Tenchi kept frenching Sasami. Trunks 
was blasting and flying and searching everywhere. He started to hear 
noises he blasted the north wall which exploded and revealed Tenchi and 
Sasami. Tenchi let go he turned behind him and said, "Well, so I see 
you made it through my maze very good Trunks but I think that Sasami 
has chosen me over you," Trunks froze and looked over at Sasami 
thinking is it true. Sasami stood there shaking her head violently and 
before Tenchi couldn't shush her she screamed, " It's not true Trunks 
whom will you believe me or him," " You of course," 

	Tenchi drew a sword and charged at Trunks. Trunks easily dodged 
it he turned around dodged five more slashes then Tenchi said, " Your 
good Trunks but not good enough," he sliced but it just scraped Trunks' 
pants. " What's the matter are you the godly type who won't attack," 
with that Trunks flew up raised his hands and shot several blue energy 
balls at Tenchi when the dust settled Tenchi was surrounded by a Jurian 
force-field, " You can't win Trunks Sasami is mine," " She'll never be 
yours," without notice Trunks shot several blasts at Tenchi who just 
drew the light hawk wings and dodged it. "Trunks how about we just 
settle by asking who Sasami loves the most," " Fine with me," Sasami 
gulped she knew what would happen to Trunks but in spite of her 
emotions she said, " T-runks," Trunks smiled even though he knew the 
answer. " Alright since you chose him over me I'll just have to kill 
you don't worry then I'll kill him but you die first. He then just for 
the fun of it drew a gun then he cocked aimed and shot. 
"NNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOO," Trunks yelled he flew as fast as he could while 
turning into a super saijin. Then there was a loud thud Sasami screamed 
for at her feet was Trunks with a hole through his chest. He groaned 
then screamed bloody murder he struggled but fell back down he tried 
again and got up and started to walk toward Tenchi very slowly. Tenchi 
was dumbfounded but kept shooting he shot six more times. The first 
shot hit Trunks in the arm the second in the thigh the third in the 
stomach the fourth in the shoulder blade the fifth in the hip and the 
sixth in the wrist. Trunks was on his knees yelling in pain but one 
more time he got up. Then Tenchi shot one more time. This hit Trunks on 
the chin he was lifted off the floor on contact started to fly back and 
was about to hit the ground when Tenchi shot for the last time it hit 
him on the dead center of his broad chest he skidded back to Sasami 
from the impact he laid there in silence after a minute his hair went 
back to normal and he stopped glowing he looked at Sasami with one eye 
he grinned weakly and his eye closed she yelled, " Trunks oh no Trunks, 
You jerk I hate you," " Oh well here's my gratitude," he raised the gun 
to fire but when he did all he heard was a clicking noise for the gun 
was out of bullets.       
        	




	Notes

Man you don't no how much it hurt me to right this to kill my favorite 
male character I hope you enjoyed it but it's not over till the fat 
lady sings and currently I'm out of fat lady's so I'd get ready for the 
final part that goes off with a bang (gun get it ugh never mind) for 
suggestions and wait here's the one I want comments email me at 
rosesfl@juno.com 	
