Prologue


	Washu and Tsunami gathered the family members of the Z-fighters in 
front of the Masaki Family shrine. Bulma, Chi-Chi holding little Pan, 
Hercule, Yamcha, Master Roshi, Oolong, Puar, Bra, Marron, and Nodoka 
Saotome all stood facing them hoping that what had transpired at the 
World Martials Arts tournament a mere hour ago would be explained in 
detail. Washu just nodded to Tsunami, while she began typing away at her 
holo computer.
	Tsunami simply made a motion with her arm and a series of images 
were downloaded into each member of Z-Family's brain. When it was 
finished, they either passed out from sensory overload or were slightly 
dazed, depending on the mental training. Basically, the only ones 
standing were Bulma, Yamcha, Roshi, Chi-Chi, and Nodoka so was little 
Pan but she doesn't count because she wasn't bombarded with the images. 
These images were the documented accounts of Tsunami's life as Sasami, 
from the point she met Tenchi to the Tournament.
	When the Z-family recovered the group quietly sat back and let 
Washu speak. "The bright flash we saw at the tournament was a 
transporter of some kind. I was able to get rough estimate of what 
happened to our loved ones."
	"Well spill it, where did my husband, sons, and daughter-in-law 
go," Chi-Chi demanded.
	"There were four groups and each were sent to four very distant 
planetary systems. As to where they will exactly land it's up to fate to 
decide," Washu paused looking at each of them. "But, right now we have 
more direct problems to deal with. Kagato has a fleet of very powerful 
ships heading this way and it's big, four million."
	Nodoka stepped forward. "What is it that you propose do to, Miss 
Washu?"
	"I suggest that those who can fight, find a safe place to train 
and gather other fighters to train. While those who can't fight come 
with Tsunami and I to Jurai, to hopefully begin gathering a fleet of 
starships to battle Kagato's forces in space," Washu looking at each of 
them.
	Yamcha chuckled sadly. "Well, looks like the days I thought I 
wouldn't need to fight are behind me."
	"Yamcha, Hercule, and myself will stay behind to find the 
resistance fighters you need on the ground, just make sure you guys come 
back for us soon," Roshi paused. "I have a few ideas on who we can 
recruit."
	Washu nodded picking up Ryo-Ohki and tossing her into the air. 
"We'll be back as soon as we can, good luck."
	"Same to you, Washu," Roshi stated.

	Kagato sat in his command chair in his new command center, in the 
most unusual of places. His command center wasn't even on the Earth, 
instead it was located in the Sea of Tranquility on old luna herself the 
Moon. Kagato looked up from his chair and watched as Ryo-Ohki speed off 
the Earth's surface. He smiled wickedly, he pressed a button on his 
chair and it turned to the left bringing him face to face with his 
ground generals, Frieza, Cell, and Majin Buu.
	"What are your orders, m'Lord?" Cell asked.
	"Begin construction immediately, have the robots work round the 
clock," Kagato ordered his three generals, who saluted and slowly walked 
away to begin their duties.
	"It's surprising that they obey you so willingly," a deep male 
voice spoke and a mist vapor in the shape of a man's eyes, beard, and 
mouth appeared, just above this was red crystal. His name, D3, Tokimi's 
demi-god.
	"It was my second wish using the dragonballs, that they would obey 
me without question. Now, what is Tokimi's lacky doing here," Kagato 
sneered.
	"Do well to watch you tongue pirate," D3 snapped.
	"Whatever, is there a reason you have come to bug me?" Kagato 
sighed.
	D3 snarled briefly before speaking up. "Tokimi has found her 
knight and has sent him with the fleet you had requested. They should 
arrive, in two months, she has also tracked those nuisances you 
dispatched. One group will land on the planet Hei-Fong, the second group 
will land on the planet Guardia, the third group will land on planet 
Terra, and the last group will land on the planet Re-Cord."
	Kagato's brows furrowed at the mention of the first three planets. 
"I know those planets from somewhere," he paused drumming his fingers on 
his chair arm. His eye's widen and his face went pale, he quickly got 
out of his seat. "I need to speak to Lady Tokimi immediately it's of 
great importance, I fear that I may have cause greater problems, than we 
can deal with."
	D3 if capable would of smiled, but he also knew that if Kagato was 
not successful his lady and mistress may never join the phyiscal plain 
as promised. "It'll be done by the time of your arrival."


Author's notes: Scattered is starting, if you like a good sci-fi, 
action, crossover, fan fic well now it's beginning. Starting Over, was a 
set up for this so to speak, and it was basically what it said it was a 
start over for someone who believed her life royally stunk, now Akane 
has got Ranma all to herself. But oh the reprecussion's of her wish for 
a new start are just beginning. An intergalactic war and a battle for 
the earth, but Kagato's worried, what's going to happen in the first 
installment of Scattered, Chapter 1: Welcome to Kalm.
