Chapter 1
Welcome to Kalm

	Kagato kneeled before the floating presence of his mistress and 
quietly waited until he was beckoned to speak. Tokimi had no physical 
presence because her body was in the astral plain, the only way she 
could pass into mortal existance would be to have her sisters willingly 
give themselves to her. Tokimi sighed, <My sister's existance in the 
mortal realm has changed them. Asking them now, to sacrifice themselves 
so I can pass into this world, will not be likely. My knight must kill 
theirs, but with those Saiyens present it will be next to impossible.> 
she stopped her inner musings and looked down at the being she had 
reconstructed so her dream can be finalized. "SPEAK!"
	"My Lady, some unforunate news has been delivered to me," Kagato 
took a deep breath. "Tsunami and Washu's knights, along with the Saiyens 
and the Silver Millenium brats are going to land on various planets 
where they could receive more aide."
	Tokimi didn't like the sound of that. "EXPLAIN!"
	"These planets have there own set of heroes which will probably 
befriend our mutual enemies," Kagato explained.
	"ARE THERE ANY ENEMIES TO THESE PROBABLE ALLIES," Tokimi asked.
	Kagato smiled wickedly. "Every hero has someone who they defeated 
and no doubt wants revenge. If there are, I will find them and bring 
them to my command center on Earth's moon."
	Tokimi nodded once then vanished with her words echoing. "SEE THAT 
YOU DO, AND NO MORE SURPRISES OR YOU WILL FEEL FAR MORE PAIN THAN WHAT 
TSUNAMI'S BOY GAVE YOU."
	Kagato stood and felt a shiver run over his body at the memory of 
the pain he'd suffered at the hands of Tenchi Masaki and the Light Hawk 
Sword. No one, but he remembered that after he vanished in a wisp of 
green smoke. He spent the next one thousand years in near limbo feeling 
the cut that Tenchi gave him intially. "By, your command."

	Empress Ayeka was in the royal garden examining the various 
flowers she brought back with her from Earth. She sighed happily, it was 
a rare moment in her life in recent years that she could have time to 
herself. Since accepting the throne shortly after, Tenchi and Ryoko were 
married she had been busy running the Jurai Empire. It pained her some 
to remember that, she had lost Tenchi to Ryoko not on a fluke but on a 
hard fought battle. It had been hard to come to grips with the fact that 
Ryoko had change when Zero bonded with the former space pirate. But, it 
was a welcome change, Ryoko began to understand that Tenchi didn't mind 
open displays of affection toward him, he just didn't like being 
suffocated by it. 
	Ayeka sighed knowing what was past was in the past, she heard 
Azaka float up behind her. "What is it? Azaka, you know when I'm in my 
garden I do not wish to be disturbed."
	The log bowed slightly. "Sorry, your highness but our outer region 
sensors in space have picked up Ryo-Ohki heading this way and it's a 
good three months before Tenchi and Ryoko are to make their schedule 
visit."
	Ayeka frowned deeply, she knew Ryoko could spontainous and had 
certainly incorporated that into Mayuka, while she was growing up. But, 
Ryoko was the one who agreed to keep the visits to Jurai by the date and 
the time. "Something must be seriously wrong to have Ryoko break her 
usual routine," she paused. "Inform the council, while I go to 
communications."
	Azaka bowed again then floated off to what he was ordered. Ayeka 
quickly shed her gardening kimono and quickly put on her empress robes. 
She arrived at the communications control room, where all personell 
saluted. She walked up to the main viewer and saw Ryo-Ohki speeding 
toward Jurai in a controlled course, whoever was piloting Ryo-Ohki was 
not Ryoko. "Ryoko, are you drunk again?"
	When Washu appeared on the viewer Ayeka's frown deepened even 
more, especially when she saw a group of people she never seen before 
standing or sitting behind her. "Ayeka, we got major problems as soon as 
we land I'll let you know all about them."
	"Where's Tenchi and Ryoko?" Ayeka asked.
	"That's part of what we need to talk about," Washu stated grimly
	Bra walked up next to Washu and looked at Ayeka. "Hi lady, are you 
going to help get my daddy and idiot brother back?" she asked.
	"Who's that, Washu?" Ayeka smiled slightly. "According to her 
mother, her name's Bra and she's half Saiyen."
	Ayeka sputtered. "Saiyen, I thought they were wiped out when their 
planet blew up."
	"Turns out, two Saiyens were alive and well on Earth for the past 
sixty years," Washu paused. "As I said, we got a lot to talk about when 
we land. See you in about an hour."

	After Ryo-Ohki landed and after a long and very detailed story, 
Ayeka was brought to speed on what happened on Earth and the proximit 
wereabouts of Tenchi and Ryoko. Ayeka sat back and slowly absorbed what 
she had been told. Apparently, the race of space fighters known as the 
Saiyens were not wiped out as led to believe, matter of fact there had 
been two full blooded Saiyens, five half breeds, two wish made, and one 
quarter Saiyen were living on the Earth along with two Nameks, and five 
members of the long dead Silver Millenium. Not to mention several old 
enemies of most of the group had suddenly appeared alive and well. All 
this was certainly alot to absorb, Ayeka immediately reach over and 
grabbed a bottle of antacid.
	"Well, my ulser has started up again," Ayeka sighed taking a swig 
of the chalky liquid. "Kamidake, order all Jurai star ships to return to 
Jurai and get them powered up for war. Also, inform the Galaxy Police 
and the Space Forces that their assistance would be greatly 
appreciated."
	Kamidake bowed and vanished from the room, leaving the remainder 
of the group sitting quietly. Ayeka then turned to the Z-family and 
smiled weakly. "We'll have quarters made for your stay here."
	Nodoka looked at the others, Chi-Chi holding Pan, Marron, Oolong, 
and Bra nodded tiredly, but Bulma looked like she was thinking. Puar was 
not present because she volunteered to stay behind with her long time 
companion Yamcha. "What's the matter, Bulma?" Nodoka asked.
	Bulma looked up and blushed deeply. "Oops, sorry was thinking to 
myself a little to hard."
	"Tell us, dear," Nodoka replied.
	Bulma started pacing, with her arms crossed. "With the permission 
of Empress Ayeka, I like to use one of your ship building yards, to 
build a new starship."
	Ayeka was stunned by the request. "Whatever for?"
	"It's something I've been kicking around my head since our return 
from Namek. I just never found time to do so, because one I was busy 
raising my kids and two lacked the right technology to do it," Bulma 
stopped turning to the purple haired empress. "Besides, I feel that I 
need to contribute something to help find my husband and son."
	Ayeka smiled sadly. "You have my permission then. Washu can you 
help her out, with this plan."
	Washu nodded and moved to join Bulma as the two of them left the 
room with Ryo-Ohki trailing them. The rest of the group, were led out to 
their living quarters, Tsunami remained behind and sat down across from 
her sister. Ayeka stared at her younger sister before taking a deep 
breath.
	"I fear many are going to die, but who would bring back Kagato to 
start a war that will very well send the whole galaxy into chaos," Ayeka 
grimly stated.
	Tsunami looked down sadly. "It's happened before Ayeka, a war 
filled with chaos has happened before. It was called the War of God, 
three races of humanoids, two of these races fought against the third, 
yet they were still outnumbered, it was decided in order for the war to 
end decisively three of the greatest warriors from each race would fight 
to the end. The two knights representing the weakest group fought 
against the third, but were betrayed by opposing faction."
	Tsunami sat up from her seat and looked out the window. "The final 
battle never took place, nothing had been decided; the third faction 
vanished from the battlefield."
	Ayeka looked stunned. "You and Washu were appart of it weren't 
you?"
	"Yes, but not in the way you believe. Washu and I are goddesses, 
we can not interfere in mortal events. But, as for our sister she takes 
great delight in it, Tokimi use to love to play games with the lives of 
mortals. This time however, it's not a game. On Christmas Day of this 
year a window will open between the mortal plain and the Astral plain. 
Tokimi, intends to go through it," Tsunami paused sipping her tea. 
	"How does she intend to do that?" Ayeka asked fearing the answer.
	"She has chosen a new knight and a new supreme commander for a new 
fleet. In order for her to come into this world, we have to submit 
defeat to her and willingly give ourselves to her," Tsunami said sadly.
	"What about the fleet you and Washu chose, as well as the 
knights?" Ayeka asked.
	"Already, have been chosen. Tenchi and Ryoko are our knights, the 
Jurai fleet will be our fleet, but the supreme commander of the fleet, 
has not been named," Tsunami replied.
	Ayeka sat back in her seat. "Then what are we going to do, when we 
have to go and fight, Kagato?"
	"Your supreme commander has not been named, but I know what he 
looks like," Tsunami smiled.
	Ayeka snarled realizing her sister had just gotten the best of 
her. "Funny, very funny. So what should we do until he's found?"
	"Not much, just gather our ships and keep an eye out for a red and 
blue ship, that is called the Outlaw Star. The ship's captain is our 
supreme commander, and he'll be bringing Tenchi and Ryoko back to us," 
Tsunami responded before leaving the room, if she stayed a second longer 
she would saw Ayeka giving her a very dark and menacing look.
	<I swear, those practical jokes of hers are getting hard to pick 
up now that she's part of
Tsunami.> Ayeka thought harshly before giving a deep calming sigh.


	Reeve former head of Shinra Incorporated urban develope, alias 
Cait Sith a member of the hero group AVALANCHE, sat in his office in the 
town of Kalm. He was reading the evening newspaper enjoying a relaxing 
summer evening, close to closing time. He was still in developement, 
just of a different sort. A year after the final battle with Sephiroth, 
Reeve had been awarded a job as Kalm's elementry school principle. A job 
Reeve, found both comfortable and relaxing. He also heard from the 
others, even attended Cloud and Tifa's wedding, like none hadn't seen it 
coming on. The young couple, now live in Costa Del Sol, where Cloud 
bought the president's old villa. Barret, is living in Corel with 
Marlene, and suprisingly Aeris's foster mother. Yuffie, is home in Wutai 
and has her own dojo, training future materia hunters. Red XIII, is 
living in Cosmo Canyon and has taken over as chief of his tribe. Cid, 
has been rebuilding the Highwind hoping to make a new rocket. As for 
Vincent, he, Reno, Rude, and Elena have join together in Junon, as a new 
and improved Turks, they now are primarily a special police group that 
our dealing with crimes against the planet. Their main targets, are 
former heads of old Shinra and whats left of SOLDIER.
	Reeve smiled, it's been five years since this has all happened. 
<Cloud and Tifa, are now blessed with two kids ages four and two, Aeris 
and Zack. Can't exactly forget the two names that inspire so many things 
to the group.> Reeve just put down his newspaper and was about to leave 
his office, when he caught something bright out the corner of his eye. 
He ran to the window and looked out praying that somehow know one else 
summoned Meteor. He sighed visibly, the light though strange was not big 
enough to cause serious damage, but it was coming down over the ruins of 
Midgar. As the light got closer it start to fade, it was beyond a 
strange occurence to be ruled out as a shooting star. 

	A few minutes later, standing outside the ruins of the city Cait 
Sith had his materia at the ready as well as his most powerful weapon 
handy, ready to dish out some serious punishment. The strange light 
slowly began to dwindle down the closer it got to the edge of what use 
to be Sector 7. Cait Sith waited patiently for an attack from this 
light, instead it formed into five human beings.Then the light vanished 
and the five humans were dropped to the ground, Cait Sith looked at them 
confused, until the short man with his hair standing straight up opened 
his eyes and rolled to a sitting position. The others quietly followed 
looking around bewildered, and hardly dangerous except for the first one 
mentioned. 
	"Ugh, what happened; feels like I went twenty rounds with Beryl," 
the blonde haired girl that didn't have her hair in ponytails.
	"Yeah," the other said then seemed to reach for a brooch on her 
chest. 
	The shortest member of the group, had found Cait Sith staring at 
them. "Hey guys, do you own a stuff cat?"
	"Nope," three of them stated while the intimidating individual 
remained silent.
	"Vegeta, what do you think happened?" the tallest member of the 
group asked.
	"That coward, he used some sort of transportation device to place 
us somewhere we wouldn't bother him. His words remember, my opinion is 
he put us on another planet," the intimidiating one stated.
	"Where are the others?" the shortest one stated.
	"Before I blacked out I saw three other energy beams going off 
into other directions," the tall one said.
	"Great, so were stuck here aren't we?" the shortest grumped.
	Vegeta, sneered at the shortest. "Idiot, I do not intend to be 
stuck anywhere. We'll see what type of technology this planet has and 
try to get home."
	Cait Sith saw this as his opportunity to include himself in this 
conversation. "Maybe I can be of assistance."
	The group all froze and turned to the stuffed cat. "Did you all 
just here that toy talk?" the ponytailed girl asked, and the others 
nodded.
	"Ahem, that is correct, but this toy is merely being operated by 
remote," the cat paused. "If you go do north, for about fifteen minutes 
you'll see a town. I'll be waiting for you at the gate, what are your 
names by the way?"
	"I'm Krillin," the shortest stated.
	"Serena, pleased to meet'cha," the ponytailed girl chuckled.
	"Mina," the other blonde.
	"Name's Gohan," the tallest replied.
	"I will not speak, to a useless toy," Vegeta growled.
	Cait Sith chuckled uneasily. "I listen in on your conversation, so 
I already know your name."
	Vegeta growled crossing his arms. "Stupid ball of cotton, I do not 
walk anywhere unless it's for stealth reasons."
	Cait Sith frowned. "But, you don't have a car, so how do you get 
around?"
	Vegeta said nothing instead he floated up and off the ground. 
"Now, you pile of stuffing lead us to the coward that controls you."

	Upon entering Kalm, Reeve had ushered the group into his house, he 
then sat down and asked them to retell their story, so he can make a 
clear decision on how to help them. After their stories were told at 
length and with great detail, Reeve had only one decision he could make. 
"I need to take you to see, Cloud."

Author's Notes: Things are going to go a little slower with this story 
judging by both the first chapter as the prologue. I have been seriously 
inspired by playing Final Fantasy VII, watching the Star Wars Trilogy, 
reading the Robotech novels, and the Tenchi Fan Fiction: Will of the 
Godesses. I have even given my own personal aftermath of what happened 
following the Final Fantasy VII's final fight with Sephiroth. I feel 
it's a little more positive than the others I've read, plus it puts 
Yuffie in more positive light, something that I've never seen in any of 
the Final Fantasy VII fan fics. Vincent and the Turks angle idea came up 
when I spared the threesome in the game, when Vincent sympathize with 
them. I also have tried to keep Vegeta in character as much as I can, 
mainly because he's my favorite character in the series, I hoped I've 
live up to it. Lastly, though we'll here a lot from Kagato and the other 
bad guys, as well as the group on Jurai, it may take awhile to get to 
Tenchi and company, because the focus of group to another takes sometime 
to change. Plus, as a fan of Star Wars, it creates more conflict.
