    Disclaimer: I don't own any of the following characters. They all belong
to their respected owners and I am not making any profit off this. >.< So
please don't sue me!!!

        Soul Hunters: Confusing Emotion and Transdimensional Tuners!

    The scene before Cell's eyes was truly a grotesque one. He had been
wondering about the ship after their return from testing Kagato's newest
device, and had found his way into Minion's room. Ok so his name was Jeff,
but he had decide that his real name wasn't scary enough so he declared they
all call him Minion. Cell walked into the room and stared at the limp figure
on the bed. He knew she was dead before he had even went into this room. The
white sheets of the bed had splotches of blood all over them. Cell stepped
closer to get a better look at Minion's victim. She was a young girl, most
likely about ten years of age. She had pink hair, a thick pigtail on the
left side, but the one on the right had come undone. Her eyes were closed
and her cheeks were still damp from her tears that she had shed not too long
ago. Her pink and white fuku outfit had been torn to ribbons, and the blue
bruises on her pale through was enough evidence to tell Cell how! she died.
Cell's first thought was to turn and walk away.

    Yet for some reasin he didn't. He didn't know why, but the scene before
him was quiet sickening. How was this possible? Cell had killed thousands of
men, women, and children. So why was this upsetting him?

    "Maybe because you know where she ends up after this," a voice in his
head told him. It was true, all those killed by him and his partners would
get a one way ticket to total damnation. This child didn't deserve
that....Wait! What was he thinking? Cell wasn't suppose to think like that!
He was a killing machine plain and simple. He sighed wrapping the young girl
in the blankets and exited the room. As he made his way down the long empty
hallway he couldn't help but think about when he started having these
emotions.

    "We're here. So is it complete?" Frieza asked, impatiently.

    "Indeed it is!" Kagato exclaimed, as he waited to make sure all eyes
were on him. "I give you the Transdimensional Tuner!!"

    Ok so maybe the invention was first made by Washu, but his TDT served a
different purpose. Where as Washu's allowed a person to live out their
dreams Kagato's allowed the gang to travel to fanfictions. Now your most
likely thinking, Huh? Well MSTers had the ability to turn the writings into
actual viewing movies. Kagato's TDT allowed the crew of the Soul Hunter to
actually invade the fanfic itself. Minion especially liked this idea because
it meant that there were thousands of Sasami's out there for his enjoyment.
They decided to test the TDT by transporting themselves somewhere. After
typing in the comands, the crew found themselves engulfed in a sea of white
light before appearing high above a city.

    "It worked!" Kagato rejoiced.

    "Where are we anyway?" Cell asked, perplexed.

    "Who cares? Let's have some fun!" Frieza shout, as he fired a volley of
ki blasts at the city below. Explosions shook the city as people ran
screaming. Several buildings were on fire, some completely leveled the
Frieza's attack.

    Shrugging, the others set to work on destroying Tokyo. Buildings erupted
in massive balls of flame, instantly kill the occupants before collapsing on
the unfourtunate people. It seemed like another boring victory until....

    "Stop!" a female voice commanded.

    The fearsome four stopped to take a look at who had dared to interrupt
their fun. A young teenage girl with long blonde pigtails stood in their
path. She wore a blue and white fuku with knee high red boots. A golden
tiara glimmered majestically on her forehead, and her eyes were filled with
compassion, righteousness, and love.

    In other words, another stereotypical good guy.

    "I am Sailor Moon and I have come to stop you!" she announced, as five
more fuku wearing girls arrived. "We stand for love! On behalf of the moon
we shall punish you!"

    Kagato sweatdropped, Cell folded his arms at his chest, mildly amused,
Frieza smirked, and Minion licked his lips while staring at the youngest of
the Sailor Scouts.

    "Don't even think it you sicko!" the brunett, green and white fuku
wearing scout moved ahead to protect the child. She glared daggers at Minion
as she got in a fighter's stance.

    With that the battle began. Well more like massacre. Sailor Jupiter
attacked Minion with a flurry of kicks and punches that Cell couldn't help
but admire. She was good, no doubt about that. Minion dodged and manuevered
his way around Jupiter's attacks. Seeing this was unaffective Jupiter
decided to go all out.

    "Supreme thunder crasher!" Jupiter shouted, sending an electrified
energy orb at Minion. The attack hit its mark, namely Minion's chest,
sending the hellspawn crashing into a building. "Ha! I got-Ahhh!" before
Jupiter could finish one of Kagato's energy blasts sent her flying onto the
hood of a Honda Civic.

    "Salior Jupiter!" Venus shouted, and ran to aid her fallen ally. In a
flash Frieza was infront of her. Before Venus could let out a scream Frieza
thrust his hand into the Sailor Scout's chest and right through her back.
Venus coughed and sputtered, a thin trail of blood running down her mouth
before she fell back, her eyes dull and lifeless.

    Seeing this put the remaining Scouts into a frenzy. They attacked, most
of them holding back tears from seeing the death of a dear friend. An energy
blast to the chest finished off Mars. Sailor Moon ordered her remaining
scout to protect Mini Moon as she charged the group head on. Frieza sent her
reeling with a wave of psychic energy. As he prepared to finish her a man in
a tuxedo dropped down infront of her. "Evil doers you will not succeed. The
rose of justice will stoop you in your tracks. I am Tuxedo Mask!" the masked
man proclaimed. Frieza rolled his eyes then sent out a ki blast that left
nothing but ashes of Tuxedo Mask and Sailor Moon.

    "I hate flowers," Frieza stated.

    "What fun! Time to go," Kagato announced.

    "Wait!" Minion shouted. He turned to stare at Sailor Mini Moon who was
being protected by Mercury. With speeds inhuman he snatched the aqua haired
girl up in a mass of chains.

    "Run Rini!" Mercury cried out before being ripped to bloody shreds. Mini
Moon was too shocked at seeing her future mother and father, as well as her
friends killed to move. That made it all the easier for Minion to snatch her
up.

    Kagato opened the gateway and they began their departure. All except
Cell. He was still staring at Sailor Jupiter. She had hit the car hard but
was still alive, although her breathing was a bit shallow.

    "Cell! Is she finished?" Frieza shouted from above.

    Cell stared deep into the girl's eyes. Those sad, hate filled eyes, as
she awaited to join her allies and friends.

    "Yes...she is dead. Must of broke her neck when she hit the car!" Cell
shouted back as he soared skyward and into the portal. Turning to glance
back down he saw three more figures arrive at the scene before the portal
snapped shut.

    Cell had finally come to a stop at the airlock. His eyes darted side to
side as he made sure he wasn't being watched then pressing two fingers to
his head he vanished.


    Cell stared down at the mound of soil with the tiny septar as a
headstone. She was suppose to be from the Moon so he decided that was where
she would rest in peace. Had being in Hell humbled him? Any other time he
wouldn't have cared what happend to this girl. He was going to have to get
his act together. He used his Instant Transmission Technique to return to
the ship.

    "So how was she?" the voice came from the shadows, and the two crimson
glowing eyes were the only way Minion knew he wasn't alone in the throne
room of the ship.

    "So tight, and those screams....they shall be remembered for an
enternity!" Minion rejoiced.

    Clown laughed from the shadows. "Yeah I heard her. I like kids too
y'know, but then agian I'm a Clown, its part of the job," he said as he
emerged from the shadows to prance about the room while laughing insanely.

    "Now that I know the Transdimensional Tuner works, I will be able to
have Sasami as many times as I want," Minion spoke in almost a whisper. "But
first I'll take care of all these MSTers. They'll try to intefere." Minion
smirked and rose from his seat. "I'll make them all pay for the humiliation
I went through."

    Kiyone sighed as she watched Ken and Cyrus bickered amongst the wreckage
of their ship. "I wonder who attacked us?" Kiyone said to know one in
particular.

    Misato smiled from where she sat next to a boulder. "Hey things could be
worse," the moment she finshed that statement Duo cuddled next to her,
resting his head on her busom.

    "I'm hurting...comfort me with those soft mounds!" Duo sanged.

    Snarling with, disgust Misato pulled a rather large mallet from
seemingly out of nowhere. "Take this you Hentai!" and with that she
proceeded to beat the living shit out of Duo.

    "Well we need to find some way to contact the other MST ships and warn
them," Wormon said, curling next to Kiyone.

    Kiyone knew he was right. They were lucky to be alive and if the
attackers were able to take out their ship there was no telling what they
had instore for the rest of the universe.

Ah, my second fic completed. So what do you think so far? Any flames,
opinons, or whatnot can be sent to JAAAg18@aol.com. Stay tune for the next
chapter of Soul Hunters. This time the fearsome four attack another MST
ship. Will anyone be safe from Minion's bane?