Disclaimer- Tenchi Muyo is property of AIC/Pioneer. DBZ is property of
Toei/Funimation. Spawn is owned by Todd McFarlane. As you can see none of
these characters belong to me. Sad but true. I'm not making any profit of
this little tale of mine. Please don't sue me you nice multimillion dollar
companies! ^_^'



     Minion picked himself off the ground, glowing emerald eyes glaring at
Sasami. This had been his tenth attempt to come in contact with the princess
only to be thrown back by an unseen (but not unknown) force.

     "YOU CAN"T SAVE HER!!" he roared, sending blast after blast of energy
at the child only to have them dissipate after getting within a foot from
Sasami. "Damn you to hell, bitch!"

     On the other side of the room a mirror showed Tsunami's reflection, a
look of pure smugness locked onto Minion. As long as she had the power
Sasami wouldn't come to harm.

     "Jeff, we got problems," Kagato said from the doorway. He glanced over
at Sasami and smirked. "Trouble in paradise I see."

     Jeff snorted then spoke not taking his eyes off Sasami. "What kind of
problems?"

     "I wasn't able to dispatch Tenchi," Kagato replied, his fists
clenching. "There were....distractions."

     Jeff snarled. "And the others?"

     "I haven't heard from Frieza or Cell. I saw the fat man fighting Washu.
There was an explosion then he was gone. He may be dead."

     "Damn it!" Jeff turned away from Sasami and made his way towards
Kagato. "We find the others then return here. We'll destroy the fuckers with
this very ship!"

                  Soul Hunters Ch. 6: Beginning of the End

     "Oh I hope Lord Tenchi is alright," Ayeka muttered softly to herself.
"I bet that 'woman' is all over him right now!"

     Ayeka pulled her foot from the cool water. The swelling had gone down
some but dark purple bruise was clearly visible. Ayeka sighed as a gentle
breeze caressed her cheeks. It was such a peaceful scene that she didn't
even hear the sound of something landing behind her.

     "What's a lovely specimen as yourself doing here all alone?" a voice
rasped behind her.

     Something about the voice made Ayeka's blood run cold. Without even
turning around she screamed out, "Azaka, Kam-ahhhack!" Ayeka felt her entire
body jerk backwards violently.

     Frieza smiled at Ayeka, whom was dangling in the air with his tail
wrapped tightly around her neck.

     "I can't have you calling those bumbling toy blocks now could I?"
Frieza replied.

     Ayeka was now panicking. She couldn't call her guardians and was to
close to summon her energy logs.

     Frieza tightend his grip, watching with joy as Ayeka struggled in a
pathetic attemot to free herself. "Shhh, it won't be long now. Just
relax.....that's it....come on stop breathing....good!" he hissed. By now
Ayeka's struggling had ceased, her hands falling limply at her sides. Frieza
was so fixated on Ayeka that he didn't notice someone appear behind him.

     "Frieza! Minion wants her alive," Kagato reminded him. "It's a good
thing I could find you before our guests did."

     Frieza freed Ayeka from his chokehold and scooped her up in his arms
before she could fall. "Why? I thought our job was to kill these fools!"
Frieza snapped.

     "That is true but Tsunami unit is protecting Sasami from Minion."

     Frieza smirked. "I see. If Sasami wants to see her precious sister
alive then she'll cooperate."

     "Precisely!"

     Frieza look became serious. "Hmph! I can sense them approaching....Cell
is with them!"

     Kagato's eyes widend for a split second. "Hmm well that isn't good. I
was beginning to suspect he would turn on us."

     "He knows where the ship is! He can bring them there with that Instant
Transmission crap!"

     "So what? I've got a few surprises instore for our friends. Let them
come."

     With that said Kagato, Frieza, and the unconcious Ayeka vanished in a
flash of green light.

     "Damn!" Vegeta spat as he stopped in mid-air, the stream where Ayeka
had been right underneath him. "I just missed them!" He turned to Piccolo,
who was hovering not to far away. "Well, Namek, now what?"

     "Don't worry, Vegeta. Don't forget that Cell can take us to their
ship," Piccolo stated.

     "I still don't trust that android!"

     "I know but he's our quickest way in there right now. Besides, there
are six of us and just Cell. I'd say the odds are in our favor."

     "Speaking of whom," Vegeta muttered as he flew down to meet the others
who were just emerging into the clearing.

     "Did you find Ayeka?" Tenchi asked with concern.

     "Bah! We came to late. Frieza and Kagato have her!" Vegeta grunted.

     "Oh no! Now what do we do?" Mihoshi whined.

     "No need to worry. We have Cell to take us!" Washu anounced from
behind.

     Everyone turned to see a very disgruntled Cell sporting a gold collar
around his neck. On the front of it was a red crab logo.

     "What exactly is this thing?" Cell said in an irritated tone.

     "Why this is the S.K.B.F.T.B collar, and might I add that it looks very
kawaii on you Celly-poo!" the slightly (yeah right!) insane scientist cooed.

     "The what?" Bulma asked.

     Washu sighed, giving Bulma an exasperated look. "The
Super-Keep-Baddie-From-Turning-Bad agian collar. Should Cell decide to turn
on us at the last minute this little device will blow his kawaii head clean
off! Mwahahahahahah!!!"

     Bulma backed away from Washu slowly. "Sorry I asked," she muttered.

     Cell looked as if he wanted to throttle the little red head. He decided
to let her have her fun. She most likely didn't know of his regenration
abilities. Ha! He could recover from a lost head in no time. So perhaps he
wasn't going as soft as he thought he was. He'd help them kill Minion then
take care of them. He only had to worry about Vegeta and Piccolo. The others
were no immediate threat with the exception of Washu. Nothing a little
asorbing couldn't handle. Cell smiled and chuckled softly, "As you wish,
Washu," he said.

     "Little Washu!" the genius corrected him.

     Cell smiled coyly. "Little Washu." His smile became a wide grin. "Ok
boys and girls! Gather round!"

     The group formed a circle around Cell, placing their hands on his upper
body. In the blink of an eye they were gone.

     "Ayeka!" Sasami cried out when Frieza brought in the older princess's
limp body.

     "She's alive....for now," Minion said, grinning smugly. "If you
cooperate then I'll let her go. How does that sound?"

     "Sasami, no!" Tsunami's voice echoed in Sasami's head. The child paid
it no heed, her devotion to her family coming first as always.

     "O-ok." Sasam whispered, and just like that the impenetrable barrier
had vanished. "A-and y-you'll let Ayeka go?" Now she was crying.

     Minion nodded to Frieza, who in return gently placed the unconcious
Ayeka onto the bed. "There see.....I'm not such a bad guy," he said on a
soft tone.

     As Sasami ran towards her sister Minion stepped into her path.

     "Sorry but there is something else you have to do," Minion replied.

     Sasami stared at him. Minion's grin was much like the one Ryoko gave
Tenchi only this was different. This was scary. She then turned to Frieza
whom was chuckling to himself. "W-what do I have to do?" she asked, her eyes
shimmering with tears.

     "Well you see......" Minion was cut off by Kagato's voice over the
intercom.

     "Our guests have arrived. In section B-6," Kagato stated
matter-of-factly.

     Minion cursed his bad timing then stalked out the quarters with Frieza
following close behind. When the doors closed shut with a metallic hiss
Minion spoke up. "Cumputer, place a level 5 forcefield around my quarters.
Only authorized personel may pass."

     "Level 5 forcefield has been enstalled," A female robotic voice
replied.

     "Frieza, you will go to section C-1. You know what to do," Minion said.

     Frieza smiled and walked down a long hallway, disappearing around a
corner.

     Tenchi and company glanced around at their surroundings. They were in a
large bedroom with soft white carpeting, a kingsize bed, and a window that
showed their outside surroundings.

     "Hey! There are rocks floating by the ship!" Mihoshi stated, looking
out the window.

     "Ah, I see. The large floating mountain we saw is really the spaceship.
Very clever," Washu said.

     "Is this your room?" Ryoko asked, turning to Cell.

     "Yes, though it doesn't make any sense why I have one seeing how I
never sleep," Cell stated. "Anyway, we are in Level B section 6. Minion will
most likely be in Level A somewhere and Sasami with him."

     "Then what are we waiting for?" Ryoko shouted, phasing through the wall
and into the hallway. The others followed via the automatic doors.

     "So which way to Level A?" Tenchi asked, looking back and forth. They
were in one of the many long hallways and couldn't tell which way was which.

     "We go...." Cell was cut off as the end of the hallway to their right
was engulfed in a blue light. It started out at the very end of the hall and
began to travel in their direction with blinding speed. Cell, Piccolo,
Vegeta, and Ryoko stood ready to face whatever it was. The others seemed a
bit more hesitant.

     It didn't matter how ready they were for they were blanketed in the
light before they knew it. When the glow faded all that was left was an
empty hallway.


     It took a few seconds for Piccolo's vision to adjust to the dark room
he was now in. His vision blurred yet agian when light flooded the room. His
eyes went wide with surprise when he spotted Mihoshi. She was laying on the
ground five feet away. He rushed to her side and shook her gently.

     "Hey! You ok?" Piccolo said, shaking the blonde bombshell.

     "Mmmm...just...five more minutes...mommy....," Mihoshi mumbled.

     Piccolo growled in annoyance. "I said...WAKE UP!!"

     Mihoshi's eyes fluttered open and she sat up. "Mr. Piccolo? Where are
we?"

     "Your in Level C," a familar voice spoke from behind.

     Piccolo cringed hearing the voice and turned slowly to be greeted with
Frieza's ugly mug.

     Before Piccolo could speak Frieza cut him off. "This ship has four
levels. A,B,C, and D. If you want to save your little brat then you must get
past me!" Frieza placed his hands on his hips and smirked. "Of course you
and I both know you don't stand a chance right, Namek?"

     "Tenchi?"

     Tenchi's opened his eyes to see Ryoko looking down at him with concern.

     "Tenchi!" she squealed with delight, wrapping her arms around him.
"Your alright, my Tenchi!"

     "Ryoko, cut it out!" he yelled even though he couldn't hide his smile.

     "That's enough you love-birds! You can get a room when we find Sasami,"
Washu said, standing behind Ryoko.

     "Don't ruin the moment, MOM!!" Ryoko snapped.

     "Aw, you called me Mom!!" Washu teased.

     "Little Washu, where are we?" Tenchi spoke looking around.

     As if on cue Kagato materialized out of nowhere. He smirked and
extended his hand as if to welcome old friends.

     "Welcome to my lab," Kagato spoke coldly.


     "Miya meow miyaaa!" Ryo-ohki called out, licking Bulma's face.

     "Mmph! Ok ok I'm up!" Bulma shouted. "Ryo-ohki? Where are the others?"

     "Miya miya meow miya miyaa meow meow miya!!"

     Bulma gave the cabbit an are-you-kidding-me look then slowly stood up.

     "Bout time you woke up!" Vegeta snapped, his back turned to her. "It's
just you, me, and the furball."

     Bulma glanced around at her surrounding. "Looks like a big throne
room."

     "Miyaaa!!" Ryo-ohki cried out, bouncing up and down. Bulma couldn't
speak cabbit but from watching Ryo-ohki's actions it was fairly easy to
figure out what she was saying.

     "Vegeta! Sasami is somewhere nearby!"

     "Very perceptive," Minion said, emerging from the darkness. "I really
prefer younger ladies but you'd do quite nicely."

     Bulma blanched, and Vegeta looked ready to kill. "Same old garbage.
Your appearance has changed but you haven't!" Vegeta snapped. "It'll be my
pleasure to hear you scream like the weakling you are all over agian!"

     Minion smirked. "I'm shaking in my boots," Minion said sarcastically.

     "Where's Sasami and Ayeka?" Bulma snapped, Ryo-ohki hissing at Minion.
"And the others?"

     "They are in other portions of this ship. As for the traitor Cell, I
have something special instore for him." Minion's eyes flashed green. "As
for Sasami and Ayeka. They are locked in my quarters to your right. If you
beat me then you can have them."

     "Take the furball and stay back, woman!" Vegeta ordered. In a flash of
golden light Vegeta ascended to Super Sayian. "I'm going to send you back to
Hell, scum!"

Well there's chapter six for ya. Don't worry the next chapter will have
fighting and you may just find out what happend to poor little Cell! I'm
actually surprised I got as many good review as I did. This was my first
time sending in fanfiction and some people actually like it! *Sniffs* I
feel...so....oh I don't know! Got something to say? Email me at
JAAAg18@aol.com. Comments, flames, crticism, I don't care what it is! The
next chapters will be shorter and concentrate on one battle at a time.
Piccolo and Mihoshi vs. Frieza will be first!