   We open to see our author coming around a corner with a angry mob right
behind him. Our hero(?) dives behind a car just to avoid the volley of gun
fire as the crazed mob move in on him.

J-man: Can't we talk this out!?!

Mob #1: How dare you use those great MST groups in your sorry ass story!!

Lackies: YEAH!! *they open fire on the author agian, and Jayman retaliates
with a sub-machine gun*

J-man: Hey it was just those two episodes! I'm not using them anymore just
anime charecters!!!

Lackies: Oh......*the mob begin to disperse, until......*

Mob #1: HEY!! Your story still sucks!

*As the mob regroup to plan an all out assault the author gets one last
idea*

J-man: Ummm...WAIT!! Before you kill me answer this one question. You see I
didn't know who to have Tenchi fall in love with at the end of my story....

Mob #1: It's pretty obvious that Ryoko is the best choice!

Mob #2: Hey what about Ayeka? She is Tenchi's true love!!

*As planned the once strong mob divides into several groups, all proclaiming
which Gal is most deserving of Tenchi.*

Group1: RYOKO!!

Group2: AYEKA!!

Some loser: SASAMI!!!!

*Everyone turns to the loser who mentioned Sasami and reduces him to swiss
cheese then return to wreakung havok on one another. In a matter of minutes
the dust settles and all that is left of the angry mob are bullet riddled
bodies littered about the street.*

J-man: That was a close one...I better watch myself from now on......nah!

Disclaimer-..........Don't own shit, not making any profit......DON"T SUE!!
Thank you! ^.^

                      Soul Hunters: ch.3 Confrontation

    "Miss Ryoko!! What do you think your doing to Lord Tenchi!?!" Ayeka
shrieked at the demoness in question.

    "I was just here having a nice chat with the love of my life...and
minding my business unlike some!" Ryoko snapped back.

    In her case a 'nice chat' would be sitting in Tenchi's lap and
whispering Tokimi knows what in his ear. Whatever she was saying it had
seemed to make Tenchi's face as red as a beet.

    "How dare you pester Lord Tenchi!! Saying nefarious things no doubt!!"
the First Princess of Jurai accused, pointing at the space pirate.

    "Will you two SHUT UP!!" that came from Vegeta who sat a few tables
away. "It's bad enough I have to stay here in this station with all these
losers, but I can do without your bickering!!" He was rightfully angry.
Every sense the attacks on MST ships all ships had been ordered to dock at
various stations. Why should he hide? He was the prince of all Sayians, and
it was his duty to be wiping the floor with whoever these attackers were. Oh
No, that wouldn't be the case because all the MST captians had retreated
into some room to discuss what to do.

    "I'd really like to know who it is myself," Piccollo replied, from where
he was meditating. (does he do anything else besides that and train?) "I
swear that I have sensed some of those powers before. They are to warped and
dark to tell though."

    Vegeta grunted. "Hmph! Well I should be out there blasting them to hell
and not staying here like a coward!" he snapped.

    "My thoughts exactly!" Washu chimmed in from behind Vegeta, who gave out
a startled gasp.

    "Damnit woman!!" Vegeta shouted.

    "I'm interested to see who these attackers are and why they are
seemingly declaring war on all MST groups," Washu said, placing her hands
behind her back. "That's why I propose we go investigate," she whispered.

    "I don't agree with 'mom' here on most things but she's right on this
one," Ryoko said.

    "Yeah. Besides I'm really worried about Kiyone," Mihoshi said, seemingly
holding back tears. "She hasn't contacted me in a long time."

    Washu couldn't help but feel bad for the blonde GP officer. Ever since
contact was lost Mihoshi had been acting very oddly. She hadn't even spoken
much since then and her friends were obviously worried.

    "Cheer up Mihoshi!" Sasami piped in that oh-so-cute voice of hers.
"We'll find her, right Ryo-ohki!"

    "Miyaaaa!" was the cabbit's reply.

    "Well so we're agreed then," Piccollo said. "Good because some of the
people here are freaking me out," with that said he glanced at wierdo behind
him that was laughing in a most disturbing manner. "What is with that guy?"

    The others shrug then huddled together to formulate a plan.

KABOOM!!!!

    The spaceship, Ryo-ohki took off like a bat out of hell and into space
after leaving a fairly large hole in the docking bay of the space port.

    "So much for being subtle about it," Piccollo groaned.

    "Miyaaa!" the ship bellowed out.

    "What is it Ryo-ohki?" Ryoko asked.

    "Miya miya miyaaaaaa miya!!"

    "What do you mean there is extra weight on the ship?"

    "Miya miya!"

    Ryoko vanished into thin air and before the others could react a loud
shriek was heard. Ryoko returned with a young woman with aqua colored hair
at her side.

    "Damnit woman! How did you get here!?!" Vegeta snapped at the woman who
was dusting herself off.

    "Your crazy if you think your gonna leave me with those people back at
the port!" the woman replied. "Their all crazy! I can't believe you would
leave the love of your life in their incapable hands!"

    "Ah, you must be Bulma," Ayeka replied, bowing politely. "We've heard so
much about you."

    "Yeah, Veggie here said that you-"

    "RYOKO!!" Tenchi shouted, cutting her off before she could say something
that would result in a fight.

    "This is going to be one LONG trip," Piccollo muttered.

    Cell ran into Frieza in one of the many hallways of their ship. Frieza
gave Cell look filled with anticipation, and it wasn't hard for Cell to
determine why.

    "Vegeta. I can sense him. Piccollo as well," Cell stated.

    "There are other energy signatures but none of them are to strong for us
to consider a threat," Frieza remarked.

    "I wouldn't be so sure. Two seem to not be at their max and a third
seems to be weak, but I sense a hidden power in it."

    Frieza smirked. "Even so I doubt they stand a chance. Well let's go
inform the Minion about it if he hasn't already sensed them himself."

    Hunger. It seemed to knaw at his very core. The hunger to taste that
sweet flesh. To feel that frail body underneath him. To be able to actually
fun his fingers through that gorgeous aqua blue hair. These are the constant
things that go through the mind of Minion/Jeff. He trembled in lust filled
anticipation. He could sense her. It would only be a matter of time. Then
his eyes shot open in shock.

    "VEGETA!!!" Jeff snapped, emerald bolts of energy dancing about his
souless body. He was with her! For just a moment Minion trembled with fear
before realizing that he himself was no longer the weak human that first
confronted the Saiyan prince. "Kagato!"

    "So you sensed them as well?" Kagato sais as he flashed into existence.

    "Yeah I sense them alright. Send out a few droids and land on that
nearby planet. While they're busy we'll set up a little get together party."

    Kagato smirked, already formulating a plan. "As you wish."

    Unknown to them a long figure sat ontop of the Soul Hunter. How this
being achieved this without dying from suffucation was anyones guess.

    "Heeheehee oooh boy the shit is really about to hit the fuckin fan!"
Clown spoke to no one as he watched the approaching Ryo-ohki. "Yes! Jeffy
boy kills those do gooders and Malbogia gets some powerful souls. I love it
when a plan comes together!"

    "Washu! What is that thing!?" Tenchi asked, pointing to the massive
squid-shaped ship.

    "I don't know but its interesting to say the least," Washu replied.

    "Whatever it is its heading for that planet pretty fast," Ayeka said.

    "And it looks like they left some friends!" Ryoko shouted, taking the
controls of Ryo-ohki. "Time for fun!"

    Six silver ships that resembled sting rays tore through space at break
neck speeds. Flying into a V formation they fired a barrage of crimson lazer
beams at   Ryo-ohki. The cabbit-ship avoided the attack easily enough by
rocketing straight up and retaliating with her own lasers. The two lead
sting rays were obliterated and the others scattered in different
directions. Two of the sting rays had managed to circle around Ryo-ohki and
pelted her with lazer beams. Ryo-ohki miyaed in pain before charging forth.
One of Ryo-ohki's laser beams ripped an offending sting ray in half
horizontally. The second sting ray's left wing was blown away sending the
ship spiraling away. The last two sting rays attacked with missles, catching
Ryo-ohki offguard. One missle tore into one of Ryo-ohki's spikes causing
cracks to form. The second missle struck center of Ryo-ohki dead on, but
luckily did little damage thanks to her forcefield.

    "Damnit Ryoko! Would you blast those things already!" Vegeta snapped.

    "Oh shut up, Vegeta!" Bulma snapped back. "Atleast she's doing
something!"

    "Oh I'm so scared!" Mihoshi wailed, gripping Tenchi in a bearhug that
would make Misaki proud.

    "M-M-Mihoshi.....can't breathe....someone...help!" Tenchi choked out. He
would of blushed at the closeness that Mihoshi's ample bust was to his face,
but was to concerned with living.

    "Don't worry guys! I got em!" Ryoko shout triumphantly as Ryo-ohki
decimated the remaining enemy droid ships.

    "Well it's good to see that your actually good for something," Washu
joked. "Now head for that planet. Those pirates have already landed."

    "Did ya see how I handled those guys Tenchi? Tenchi?" Ryoko turned to
see a half-passed out Tenchi still trapped in Mihoshi's death grip.

    "Miss Mihoshi!! What do you think you are doing to Tenchi? Let him go
this instant! Can't you see that he can't breath?" Ayeka shouted at the
frightend GP officer.

    "Oops.....sorry about that, Tenchi," Mihoshi replied sheepishly.

    "It's okay, Mihoshi," Tenchi remarked.

    "Are you ok there, little one?" Piccollo asked Sasami who had clung to
him when the ship rocked from the attack.

    "Yeah I'm fine. Thanks Mr. Piccollo!" Sasami said with a beaming smile
that Piccollo found trouble not smiling back at.

    "Bah, hurry up and land this metallic fleabag so we can get to the
fighting!" Vegeta ordered.

    "You heard the grouchy sex depraved prince. Take us to that planet!"
Washu chimed in.


    Minion smirked at Kagato's handy work. "Good job Kagato. I can't wait to
see the looks on their faces," he said. He glanced up at the clear blue sky
and the approaching form of Ryo-ohki. "Show time!"

* * * *

Piccollo: (stomps in) You!

Jayman: Y-yes Piccollo?

Piccollo: What's the big idea of the next chapter!?!

JM: But you get to fight Frieza! I thought you would of enjoyed the
challenge.

Piccollo: Yes but your teaming me up with MIHOSHI!!!

JM: I thought it would be amusing....

Piccollo: Grrrr...come here.

JM: Why? (notices psychotic look in the namek's eyes)

Piccollo: No reason....none at all...

(Mihoshi runs in and glomps Piccollo)

Mihoshi: Wow! I can't wait for the next chapter I'm so excited!

(Our author takes the opportuniy to escape with much haste)

Piccollo: Nooo! Let me go you crazy lady! I'll get you for this JM!!

    Well another chapter clear. So what do ya think? Wanna read more? Wanna
pummel me sensless? Well you can gladly send your opions to me at
JAAAg18@aol.com. The next chapter may take a little longer but it'll get
here.