Disclaimer: Don't own any of the characters in this story. (once agian the
sounds of cheering can be heard) You know I could make this a lemon...(the
cheering stops) Thank you. Now for our story....



     This was so....Frieza. The room that Piccolo and Mihoshi had been taken
to was very similar to the Hyperbolic Chamber used to train with on Kami's
look out. Nothing but blankness as far as the eye could see. With the snap
of Frieza's finger the entire room changed before their very eyes. Piccolo
sneered with disgust.

     It was an exact replica of the planet Namek.

     "I thought you'd like to die in a familar place my green little
friend," Frieza stated, cooly.

               Soul Hunters Ch. 7: Final Confrontation (pt. 1)

     "How very kind of you," Piccolo spoke, not trying in the least to hide
his contempt.

     "Frieza! As a member of the Galaxy Police I place you under arrest!"
Mihoshi spoke with unwavering authority. She held up her handcuffs up only
to step back when met with the icy glare of Frieza. "P-please, Mr.
F-F-Frieza....sir," her voice came out as a shrill squeak.

     "You heard her, Frieza. I'm going to bring you in. Now we can do things
the easy was..." Piccolo smirked, getting into a fighting stance. "But I'd
prefer it if you did things the hard way."

     Piccolo got it exactly the way he wanted via Frieza's tail to his face.

     Piccolo went flying backwards and towards a nearby tree. Piccolo used
his own momentum to bounce off the tree and come back at Frieza with a right
hook. Now it was Frieza's turn to fly backwards and crash into a large
boulder. Piccolo fired an energy blast at his fallen opponent, but Frieza
managed to fly up and avoid it. Frieza fired his own energy blast that
Piccolo deflected with his own blast.

     "Much stronger than before I see," Frieza replied. "Let's see how
fast!"

     The next energy blast went flying straight for Mihoshi. The GP officer
wailed and ran around in a circle as the crimson beam of energy approached.

     Muttering a curse, Piccolo flew with blinding speed and caught Mihoshi
in his arms. He shot straight up into the air just in time to miss the blast
that landed where Mihoshi had been.

     "My hero!" Mihoshi sanged. She leaned in an gave the Namek a kiss on
the lips.

     "Well...uh-AH!" Piccolo shouted out as a beam of energy nearly missed
the top of his head.

     "Your not going to escape this time!" Frieza spat, firing blasts in
rapid succession.

     Piccolo dodged in different directions as Frieza began to catch up.

     Frieza readied another blast when a flash of light made him fly
upwards. He stared in bewilderment for a few seconds before took off after
his opponents again.

     "Nice shot, Mihoshi!" Piccolo shouted.

     "Just keep flying and I'll keep shooting!" she shouted back.

     The combatants continued their aerial assualt, firing blasts at one
another.

     Pulling out a second blaster with her free hand Mihoshi carefully took
aim. This was it. All or nothing. With deadly skill that only a top officer
of the Galaxy Police had she fired both straight at Frieza.

     Frieza doged the first blast but the second hit him dead on. With a
grunt of pain Frieza went spiraling to the ocean below. Landing on the rocky
shore, Piccolo released Mihoshi, and stared out at the crystal blue ocean.
He fire a volley of energy spheres across the surface, each one coming to a
stop and hovering above the water.

     As if on cue a soaking wet, enraged Frieza emerged. "WHY YOU- "
whatever he said was drowned out by the sound of two dozen energyballs
colliding into him. Mihoshi had to shield her eyes from the blast. Flames
spewed in every direction. When the smoke finally cleared Frieza was nowhere
in sight.

     "I don't feel his ki. I think I got him" Piccolo muttered, glancing
down at the GP officer that was clinger to his legs.

     "Oh I was sooo scared!!" Mihoshi wailed in a highly annoying tone.

     "Gah! It's ok. He's-"

     KA-SPLASH!! "ARRRGH!!"

     KA-BLAM!!

     It all happend so fast that Piccolo could barely register it. One
moment he was trying to console the quivering Mihoshi then Frieza sprung out
of the water. The tyrant made a desperate leap for the duo, his eyes blazing
red. Then Frieza's head exploded into a cloud of blood and gore.

     Piccolo watched in shock as the headless corpse fell to the ground. He
then slowly turned to Mihoshi who's blaster was still smoking from the
recent discharge of energy.

     "Oh....no....I-I-I...h-hope.....h-h-he's....alright..." Mihoshi
whimpered as tears swelled up in her eyes.

     Piccolo would have said something.

     If he hadn't had facefaulted.

     The entire view of Namek blinked out of existence leaving Mihoshi and
Piccolo in the blank room they had first entered. A door behind then opened
with a metalic hiss. Sighing, Piccolo staggered out of the room with a
balling Mihoshi close behind.

Piccolo: What was THAT!?

J-man: What? You didn't like it? I thought it was interesting seeing you
saved by Mihoshi. Besides, the look on Freiza's face was priceless!

Piccolo: (muttering) I'm not sure I feel right with this whole Mihoshi
situation either....

J-man: Ah, calm down! You'll get your moment to shine!

Piccolo: Really!?

J-man: ^_^; ......no.....

Well that's part 1 of the Final Confrontation. Part 2 should come up sooner
or later, and YES Cell will be mentioned!! Now for a little shameless
plugging...I think I might keep doing the MST thing. Who knows? I might get
better. So keep your eyes out for that as well!

Peace out! ^_~