(Scene begins in a small theater where we find the author sitting in the
front row. He is wearing a plush, red robe and a red pez on his head.
Classical music is playing. He takes a puff on a wooden pipe and instead of
smoke we see bubbles float out the opening)

J-man: (Very bad British accent) Ah, hello there my fine people! Welcome to
my private theater where you will find only the best in viewing
entertainment! Today we have a fine peice of work from the brillant mind
of.......me! Now I would just like to say that none of the characters in
this story belong to me. (all Tenchi Muyo and DBZ characters can be heard
cheering) Bah! Ingrates! Ahem...I am making no profits and this story is for
entertainment only. So sit back and enjoy the fifth chapter of Soul
Hunters.(lights dim)

     The blade of Tenchi-ken struck agianst the emerald blade of Kagato's
saber as the two battled throughout the forest. As each blade met sparks
would fly and had now lit the dry grass beneath them aflame. Tenchi was
pinned agianst a tree, his teeth clenched shut as he pushed Kagato away and
jumped away as the green saber sliced through tree bark, like a hot knife
through butter.

     "Ha! All that MSTing has made you slow, boy!" Kagato mocked.

     "I'm more than capable than beating you!" Tenchi retorted.

     "Then go for it," In an even more mocking act, Kagato turned his back
to Tenchi. "Come on. I dare you!" Kagato laughed.

     Tenchi didn't appreciate that one bit and in a blinding rage he rushed
Kagato, plunging Tenchi-ken into his back until the blade pierced Kagato's
chest. Even before Kagato's shadow dissolved Tenchi realized his mistake.
With a curse he turned just in time to be met with an energy blast that sent
him through one tree and left him embedded in a second one.

     "T-today....isn't my...day..." Tenchi stammered in pain.

               Soul Hunters: Ch. 5. Scientists verses Demons!


     Washu stepped out of a black portal and looked around at her
surroundings. Nothing but trees, but she knew Tenchi was close by, During
the attack, Tenchi had summoned his jurian battle attire and engaged Kagato
in battle. Washu had already contacted Ryoko through their link to find out
Kagato's robot was no more. Ryoko was safe and heading towards Vegeta along
with Piccolo and Mihoshi. Washu agreed that she would find Tenchi and meet
up with them soon. The sound of laughter got Washu's attention and she
decided to investigate.

     About twenty feet away from the dueling Tenchi and Kagato was a short
obese man, though just by looking she could tell he wasn't human.

     "Look at that sissy getting his ass served to him!" Clown spoke to no
one in particular. He laughed that cold, maniacal laugh of his, not even
realising the spiky red head right behind him. His laughing cut short as an
orange energy saber hissed to life below his chin. "Who the fuck are you?"

     "Why I am Washu, the greates scientific genius in the whole universe!"
Washu sang. "But you can call me Little Washu! Now tell me why you and the
others have been attacking MST ships?"

     Clown smirked, his crimson glowing eyes narrowed. "Don't you want to
know my name first?"

     Washu rolled her eyes. "I suppose so....AHHHHHH!" Washu went flying
backwards by an unseen force and landed rather harshly on her rear end.

     "The name's...Violator!" with a inhuman scream Clown's whole body
bulged. With a sickening pop the bones of Clown's fingers grew to
frightening lengths, ripping through the flesh. Clown's back split down the
middle revealing pale grey skin. Washu watched with morbid amazment as the
large creature emerged, the human body now nothing but a blanket of flesh on
the crimson stained grass.

     Violator was definately something Washu had never seen before. There
was nothing that could truly describe his appearance. The only words coming
to mind was "big" and "scary". He towered over her, crimson glowing eyes
locked onto her small frame. He appeared to be haunched over and even then
he was taller by far. His arms were bony but his hands were massive claws.
Two horns on either side of his head curved to the front like mandibles of a
praying mantis. His legs were equally thin, but perhaps the most frightening
thing was his mouth. His bottom jaw was atleast three feet long and showed
rows of horrible curved teeth.

     "W-what in Tsunami's name are you?!?" Washu stammered, her energy saber
blazing to life.

     Violator ignored her question, swinging at her with a massive claw.
Washu dropped to her knees while holding her saber above her, the orange
blade cutting through flesh and bone. Violator let out a hiss and stumbled
backwards, examining the scorched stump where his left hand should of been.
"You'll sssssuffer for that!" even though his mouth didn't move Washu could
hear the angry whisper quite clearly.

     "I find that highly unlikely," Washu retorted, sending a barrage of
orange energy orbs at Violator.

     The first hit Violator at his right shoulder, exploding on impact and
taking his right arm with it. The others scored a direct hit, tearing
through his chest and exploding in a cloud of green blood and gore. With a
gaping chest wound and missing right arm the monster collapsed.

     Washu sighed. That was almost too easy....

     With blinding speed a grey blur slammed into Washu, sending the
diminutive genius to the ground. She stared up at Violator in shock. He
looked as though he had never been touched. His gaping chest wound was gone
and his missing limbs were back. It was really quite fascinating when Washu
really thought about it. If she survived then she would have to keep this
thing to study. Washu extended her hand to fire another energy orb only to
see Violator vanish before her eyes. She blinked twice then ducked just in
time to avoid being cut in two by Violator's claw. She spun around and drove
her blade into the demon's chest. Violator merely leaned towards her until
their faces almost touched.

     "Wow, a face not even a mother could love!" Washu teased.

     A vicious backhand was Violator's retort, sending her into a large
bush. Violator was where she had landed in a matter of seconds, driving his
right claw into the bush. He was rewarded with a high pitched shriek before
he pulled Washu out, impaled by his middle finger. "Got you! You little
bitch!" His voice flowed throughout the area like crashing waves on a beach
shore.

     When Washu didn't reply Violator leaned closer to investigate. To his
surprise the pupils of Washu's eyes were black numbers, the right zero and
the left four. "I'll get that little......"

     The trmbling ground caught Kagato off guard. He turned just in time to
be engulfed in flames as the explosion devistated the entire forest. As the
smoke cleared Kagato rose from the ground like a phantom, his eyes fixed on
the towering mushroom cloud. He already knew who had caused it before the
name escaped his lips. "Washu..."

     Then something else caught his attention. It was that boy!

     Not only had Tenchi survived the explosion but he was now clad in those
infamous white and blue robes, the Lighthawk sword blazing to life in one
hand. "Kagato!" He shouted. "We're not finished yet!"

     Kagato wasn't stupid. He glared at Tenchi who had that calm look of
determination on his face. He knew that there was no way in Hell he could
defeat Tenchi one on one now. "You'll have to excuse me, boy. I have other
matters to deal with," Kagato replied, vanishing.

     Tenchi sighed with relief before glancing around. "I wonder what caused
this explosion?"

     "Tenchi!" Washu exclaimed as she latched onto his waist.

     "I should of known....." he muttered.

     Washu pouted. "That's no way to thank the greatest scientific genius in
the universe!"

     "Thank you very much. Now where are the others?"

     Washu was already at work on hr keyboard. "Well I can open a portal
that'll take us straight to Ayeka, but only under one condition....."

     "And that would be."

     Washu clasped her hands together, her eyes sparkling like stars. "If
you call me little Washuuuuuu!" she chimed, Techi replied by facefaulting.

     "Um...please little Washu."

     "Sure thing cutie."

     With that said a portal appeared and the two vanished into it.

     "Your the last person I would suspect taking orders from someone!"
Vegeta scoffed, glaring at Cell.

     The android snorted and got in a fighting stance. "Well let's just sat
that there are beings far more powerful than I that are involved in this,"
he replied. "If I had a choice Jeff would be dead already."

     "JEFF!?!" Vegeta's eyes went wide as saucers. That's insane! I killed
that weakling pedo myself! "You lie!"

     "Afraid not," Cell said. "See, Malbogia put Kagato, Frieza, and I in
charge of him. I really don't like Jeff or Minion as he likes to go by. I
prefer to kill people not rape little girls."

     Vegeta clenched his fists. Not only was Jeff alive but he was
continuing where he had left off. He was interupted from his thoughts by
Cell.

     "Now I have a job to do," Cell replied, coldly. He created a ball of
ki, the orb glowing as yellow as the sun. He contemplated whether or not he
should blast Vegeta first or his 'woman' who cowered behind the trees a few
yards away. Deciding to take out the strongest first, Cell fires his ki
blast at Vegeta. The Sayain-jin prince managed to throw his own blast to
collide with Cell's then increase his power level, his golden aura shielding
Bulma from the blast.

     "Run, woman!" Vegeta snapped.

     Bulma didn't need to be told twice and she retreated for safer grounds.
The moment she left Vegeta fired blast after blast, hoping it would hold off
Cell long enough to let Bulma get far enough from the battle ground. He
wasn't able to hold the android off for long, however, and Cell recovered
quickly. The two battled it out throughout the forest then in the air. Each
blow sending out shockwaves of energy that made the ground quake violently.
Vegeta caught Cell with a well placed right hook that sent the android
backwards. Taking advantage of the moment Vegeta flew past Cell with
phenomanal speed and struck Cell in the back with a wicked roundhouse kick.
Cell went spiraling forward yet he managed to stop himself from plummeting
too far.

     "You've gotten stronger," Cell said, wiping the blood from the corner
of his lips.

     "Been practicing," Vegeta stated matter-of-factly.

     Cell was infront of Vegeta within the blink of an eye. Vegeta barely
had time to gasp from surprise before being headbutted in the forhead. As
the prince of Sayians went flying back Cell cupped his hands together and
charged up for one of his many stolen techniques.
"KAAA...MEEE....HAAA...MEEEEEE...." but before Cell could finish his attack
the entire world around him changed. It was as if the whole world had turned
black. It made no sense that he could see himself quite well. It was as if
someone had placed a spotlight on him and only him. Then slowly, the scene
changed agian. Now he was surrounded by hills of decaying bodies. The stench
was almost enough to make even him sick. The most frightening thing was that
the majority of the dead were a particular blue haired girl. That's when it
hit him.

     This is the future. If Minion wins this battle he'll travel from
dimension to dimension in order to satisfy his sick lust for that girl.
Sasami.....

     If he helped Minion then he would damn this child to an eternity of
suffering.

     No! I'm not suppose to care! She is a human! Imperfect and not like me!
I was created to destroy!

     So why couldn't he stare directly into any of these corpses' eyes
without flinching?

     Damn.....I've gone soft........

     "Sleeping beauty has finally awaken," Vegeta said, sarcastically.

     Cell bolted upwards from his spot on the ground. "W-what happend?!?"

     "You were about to attack then you just froze, baka!" Vegeta snapped.
"One good punch and you were out for the count."

     "Why didn't you kill me?"

     Vegeta looked as if he had been slapped in the face. "I was planning to
then the woman over there screamed for me to spare you!" Vegeta snapped, and
motionted towards Bulma. "Said she heard you saying "Sasami" over and over
agian."

     Cell sighed then crossed his arms at his chest. (Perhaps he had a
little too much Vegeta in him thanks to Gero) "I have decided that I can no
longer work for Minion," he sighed before continuing. "Therefore I suggest
we join forces. I shall send us to Minion's ship via Instant Transmission."

     "Tell me why I can't just blast you and find it myself?" Vegeta raged.

     "One, You don't know where the Soul Hunter is. Two, Kagato has so many
shields and weapons that by time you got in Sasami would probably be dead,"
Cell replied then turned away from Vegeta when he felt other ki levels
approaching. "And third, I want to kill Minion as much as you do."

     The third answer seemed to satisfy Vegeta as he snorted at the arrival
of Ryoko, Mihoshi, and Piccolo.

     "Gee, we're happy to see ya too!" Ryoko grumbled, her voice flooded
with sarcasm.

     "Cell!!!" Piccolo shouted, getting in a fighting stance.

     "Back off, Namek!" Vegeta warned. "He's our ticket to finding Sasami.
Get this....that Minion-jerk is none other than that pedophile Jeff!"

     Piccolo's eyes went wide. "You told me about him. Isn't he the one
who....."

     "Yes he is!" Vegeta snarled.

     Ryoko seemed the most phased. "Not him.....that SCUM HAS SASAMIIII" she
shrieked, energy saber blazing to life.

     "Calm down, Ryoko." Bulma spoke. "First we need to find the others then
Cell is going to take us there."

     Piccolo acknowledged Cell with a threatning glare. He didn't trust the
android as far as he could throw him but in this case Bulma was right. "So
where are the others?"

     "Right here!" Washu's unmistakeable voice announced behind the group.
She had Tenchi right behind her.

     "Tenchi!" Ryoko shouted, and caught the boy in one of her pattented
embraces.

     "Ow! I'm...happy to see...you too!" Tenchi stammered. His ribs were
still aching from his battle with Kagato.

     "Well, now that we are one big happy family we can get on our way,"
Washu said, as she paced around Cell. He didn't like the way she was eyeing
him. "Hmm remarkable. I wonder what your insides look like? Wow! You'll make
a great guinea pig!"

     Cell's only respone was to silently edge away from the diminutive
scientist. He knew he could probably break her in half, but for some reason
he felt that she was more than capable of carrying out her plans.

     "Wait!" Mihoshi spoke for the first time since they had met up. "Aren't
we...um..forgeting something?"

     Everyone stood silent for about a milosecond before the all shouted in
unision.

     "AYEKA!!!!"

     "Oh...that stings," Ayeka muttered, letting her swollen left ankle dip
into the cool water of a running stream. When all the mayhem ensued she had
gotten seperated from the others, and to make matters worse she sprained her
ankle after tripping over a rock. "Please be alright, little sister." Unkown
to her a figure high above was watching.

     Frieza watched as Ayeka dipped her foot into the water, the action
causing her robes to part slightly and show off he long legs. He smiled a
sinister smile, his eyes glowing a deep crimson.

     "Looks like I'll get to have a little fun after all," he mused.

TBC......


     My,my....Things are taking a drastic turn. Cell has formed an uneasy
alliance with our heroes and Ayeka is unaware of the danger lurking above
her. What does Frieza have planned for the haughty princess? Is Violator
really dead? What has become of Sasami? Are these questions annoying you? Do
you feel lucky? Well, do ya...punk? All this and more in the next chapter of
Soul Hunters!!

     Praise? Flames? Threats? Send them all to me..Jayman at
JAAAg18@aol.com! As usual I don't own any of these characters. All Tenchi
Muyo characters belong to AIC and Pioneer. DBZ is owned by Toei and
Funimation. Violator is property of Todd McFarlane. Jeff is owned by the
ever so famous Leaf-chan...though why anyone would want to claim ownership
of Jeff is beyond me.


