We open up to find the author busily typing on his computer in a dark
desolute room.

J-man: (sadistic smile) Heehee I can't wait to bring out this Miho-Kiyo fic!
Nothing better than some hot les.....(realizes he's being watched and turns
to the readers) erm....hello...I was just...um...nevermind this! (turns
monitor off) Well I just wanted to say thanks for reading and now the real
excitment begins. Well before it starts I want to say that I don't own any
of the following characters. They belong to their respected owners so there
is no need for legal action, right?
Good! Without further ado......

    Why did this have to happen to me?!?!? Piccollo dodged another ki blast
while trying to ignore the painful wails of the GP officer that he was
carrying over his shoulder. How did I get stuck with this scatterbrain!?!?

    "Hey Namek! Where do you think your going? I'm not through playing with
you yet!" Frieza shouted overhead as he fired a volley of his trademark thin
energy beams from his fingertip. One of the crimson beams struck the ground
just five feet away from the fleeing Namek.

    Piccollo continued on as more ki beams went whistling by his ears.
Mihoshi was still wailing, the high pitched noise was like ice being dumped
onto his spine.

    Anyone. I would have gladly been paired with anyone, but NOOOO I get
stuck with the blonde bombshell!!! How come Goku always manages to not have
to deal with any of this!?!?

    Piccollo couldn't help but remember where it all went wrong......

       Soul Hunters: Ch. 4   Nameks and Cyborgs and Mihoshi....Oh My!

    The planet was very similar to Earth. Clear blue skies, a crystal blue
lake that shimmered in the sunlight, acres of forest, and valleys where the
grass seemed to flow like waves in an ocean. Ryo-ohki teleported her crew to
a grassy field below then morphed back into her cabbit form. It really was a
beautiful place and the most amazing thing about it was the mountain that
floated about fifty feet off the ground. Vegeta scowled at the scene around
him.

    "Cowards! I can't believe they ran to this boring place!" Vegeta
snapped. "Afraid of what I would do no doubt!"

    "Or maybe they lured us here. I doubt these criminals would simply run,
Vegeta," Piccollo stated calmly.

    "Hmph! Whatever." With that said Vegeta took to glaring at the floating
mountain above him.

    "Hmm Piccollo is right," Washu said. "We should all be very careful
because I can't seem to pick anything up on my holo-computer." Washu was
actually quite impressed. It wasn't everyday that someone could escape her
detections.

    "Wow Tenchi! Look at this place. So how bout me and you go explore that
mountain?" Ryoko asked, taking Tenchi's arm. "Come on, it'll be fun!"

    "R-Ryoko!" Tench stammered.

    "Honestly, how could you think of such things at a time like this?"
Ayeka asked. She narrowed her eyes watching the ex-space pirate. "Oh yes.
How could I forget?" she asked sacastically.

    "Look at that flying mountain. Isn't it cool, Ryo-ohki?" Sasami asked
the cabbit that had perched atop her head.

    "Miya!"

    "Well it is a nice planet which brings up the question of why did those
attackers choose here?" Bulma said.

    "Who cares! I just wish they would show their faces already! This is
getting boring!" Vegeta shouted, and almost as if on cue a flash of green
caught his eye. He dove onto Bulma just in time to avoid the energy blast.
The others watched with shock as a boulder exploded not too far away.

    "Damn, almost had her," a voice from behind the group stated calmly.

    Vegeta got up and glared daggers at the cocky young man before him. He
was about his size, wore a black body suit that seemed to help show off his
well chizzled chest, long raven hair, and glowing emerald eyes.

    "Your gonna pay for that, pretty boy!" Vegeta snarled, clenching his
fists.

    "Of course I am, Vegeta. Of course I am."

    "Who are you and why have you been attacking the MST ships?" Piccollo
demanded.

    "And where's Kiyone?" Mihoshi added in even though she was hiding behind
Ayeka.

    "How am I suppose to know? I destroyed so many ships. I didn't keep
track of them," The man said, smiling an evil smile. "As for who I am, well
that's a secret...for now you may simply call me Minion."

    Ryoko was almost certain she had seen the guy before. He certainly
smelled familar, but who? Whoever he was she wasn't liking the way he was
looking at Sasami. Now she knew she had met him before.

    "What is it that your up to exactly?" Washu asked, stepping infront of
Sasami. She had seen the same 'look' that Ryoko had.

    "To kill you all of course!" Minion stated as if it were the most
obvious thing in the world.

    "Ha! In case you haven't noticed your outnumbered," Vegeta said,
smirking.

    Out of nowhere, a figure lunged for Tenchi. Ryoko shoved the startled
teen out of the way in time to parry the energy saber. Ryoko's eyes went
wide with shock when she realized she was staring at herself or atleast a
robotic version. The attacker look exactly like her only its entire body was
metallic. The sleek grey armor glimmered in the sunlight and its eyes glowed
blood red. Ryoko sent her knee into the automaton's midsection then slammed
her fist into its chin. The robot staggered back and regained its composure,
getting back into a fighting stance.

    "Ah, I see you met my new creation," Kagato said with amusement. He had
appeared behind his creation and enjoyed the look on Tenchi's face. "How do
you like my Cyber-Ryoko?"

    "KAGATO!? That's impossible!" Ryoko shouted, taking a step back. "Your
dead!"

    "Kagato, I should of known you would be involed somehow," Washu hissed,
coldly.

    "Tenchi!!" Sasami shrieked, getting the others attention. She pointed to
a black creature on the other side opposite of Kagato. Vegeta and Piccollo
shared shocked glances.

    "FRIEZA!!!" they both shouted out at the same time.

    "Ah, it's nice to know that I haven't been forgoten," Frieza said with
an unnerving smirk. "Well I would have prefered to kill Goku but I can enjoy
killing you as well, Vegeta."

    "T-Tenchi," Sasami stammered. "I'm scared."

    "Don't worry. We won't let anything happen to you," Tenchi said,
reassuringly. He had already formed the blade on Tenchi-ken.

    "Tsk tsk. You shouldn't make problems you can't keep," Minion stated. He
was trying to remain calm and failing. Sasami was just a few feet away. He
could smell her fear, sweet, blissful fear and he wanted, no, needed to
touch her. He clenched his fists tightly in anticipation.

    "Don't you even think about it, sicko!" Mihoshi snapped, her blaster
pointed straight at Minion's temple. It was amazing how she could just go
into "serious mode" within the blink of an eye. When she saw an friend in
trouble she became a force to reckon with.

    "Sorry to disappoint you officer, but Sasami and I have a date to
prepare for, and you and your friends have a date with the REAPER!!" Minion
shouted, as Cell appeared right in the center of the group, via Instant
Transmission.

    "SOLAR FLARE!!!" Cell's voice thundered, the entire area blanketed in
the white, blinding light.

    When the light faded Tenchi found, to his dismay, that Sasami as well as
Minion were gone. Neither Tenchi nor his friends had time to react to
Sasami's dissapearance as they were attacked from all sides.

    Piccollo came back to the present when a ki beam from Frieza got a
little to close, and sent the Namek and GP officer tumbling to the ground.

    "Oof! Wow! I'm not hurt! Mr. Piccollo?" Mihoshi spoke, looking left and
right for Piccollo. "Where are you?"

    "Here," Piccollo muttered from underneath the GP officer.

    "Oh.......what are you doing there?"

    Had he been standing Piccollo would of face-faulted.

    "Just get off of me already!"

    "Oh....sorry."

    "Am I intruding on something?" a voice from above asked.

    Mihoshi looked up at Frieza and blushed.

    "W-whatever do you mean?" she asked, sheepishly.

    "Frieza....this isn't fair and you know it! Atleast let me get up!"
Piccollo snapped.

    "Sorry my green friend but you forget that I'm a badguy," and with that
Frieza summoned a crimson orb of death, to finsish off the pair.

    "Oh no please don't!" Mihoshi pleaded, pulling out her holo-cube and
began to fiddle with it. "Oh I always forget how this thing works!"

    Frieza watched with amusment as various items dropped infront of Mihoshi
with each twist and turn. His amusment was cut short when a black portal
opened above him and a giant crate marked 'Anime Scenes Edited By Toonami'
fell ontop him, crashing into the ground bellow with a loud THUD!. Piccollo
sweatdropped at the scene. He didn't know what had just happend but decided
it would be best if he asked no questions. Standing up, he helped Mihoshi to
her feet.

    "Nice job. We should go now," Piccollo replied, taking the GP officer's
hand and taking off into the sky, and far away from Frieza. Frieza was much
stronger than before, and Piccollo knew he would need help to defeat him.

    The crate that had plopped onto Frieza exploded in a cloud of flames and
debris as a very pissed off Frieza stomped out. He couldn't sense them,
damnit!! Clenching his fists till he drew blood Frieza screamed out, his
whole body shaking with humliation and rage. "I'LL GET YOU NAMEK AND YOUR
LITTLE BIMBO TOO!!!!!"

    Piccollo and Mihoshi had long ago landed in a small little clearing next
to a small stream of running water. Piccollo concentrated on the ki of his
allies. Their all alive. Thats good, but they've been seperated. We must
regroup with the others but without Frieza finding us. I can't believe Cell
and Frieza are back. How can this be? And Sasami! The whole thing had been a
trap so that sicko could get his hands on her.

    "Um.....so...what do we do now?" Mihoshi asked.

    "Well, Ryoko is closer," Piccollo answered. "So we will go find her
first then the others."

    "And that...man...he has Sasami," Mihoshi said in a whisper, barely
holding back tears.

    Not knowing exactly why, Piccollo put his hand on her shoulder.

    "It's ok. We'll get her back," he assured her with a small smile. "Let's
get going."

    Mihoshi's cheeks went red at his touch and she nodded hesitantly.
"O-ok."

    The two made their way through the forest. Piccollo held Mihoshi at his
side and flew low, concealing his powers while homing in on the energy Ryoko
was giving off. Wow! Must be some fight. He noticed Mihoshi's blushing from
the corner of his left eye.

    "What's up with you?" he asked.

    "Piccollo, I'll have you know that I'm a officer of the law so don't try
anything funny!"  she said, staring at him with those innocent blue eyes.

    "What are you implying?"

    "It's not that I'm agianst the color green or anything, but I barely
know you."

    "WHAT!?!"

    "I mean, you are cute in this exotic way and all....."

    "What would make you think...."

    "I mean. I would have to get to know you. Go out on a date maybe."

    "Are you listening?"

    "Perhaps a nice trip to a kareoke bar...."

    "Hello?"

    "Some nice sake..."

    "Hellooooooo?"

    Ryoko was having the time of her life if you consider being in a life
and death struggle with your cyborg double a great time. Ryoko's orange
saber clashed with    C-R's (Cyber-Ryoko's) green saber. Sparks flew with
each strike as the pair battled across the open field. Finally Ryoko back
fliped away and cupped her hands together.

    "Eat this!" Ryoko shouted, firing a barrage of energy orbs at her
opponent.

    C-R easily manuevered around each orb and slashed at Ryoko with blinding
speed. Ryoko ducked and avoided being decapitated while firing an energy
blast at point blank range. The orb exploded on contact and sent C-R flying
backwards. Amazingly, she remained on her feet without out as much as one
scratch.

    Damn! What is that thing made of?!? Ryoko thought as the robot gave a
sadistic smile. How had everything turned upside-down? They were suppose to
find the guys attacking the MSTers and put an end to it. Instead they meet
this Minion guy as well as enemies thought dead. Ryoko recieved a punch to
the stomach that made her double over in pain, but she recovered quickly and
caught C-R under the chin with a wicked upercut. As the automaton went
spiraling in the air, Ryoko vanished, reappearing behind C-R. This was an
obvious trap. We were all seperated and Sasami is in the hands off that
asshole. Bringing her hands together she slammed     C-R in the back of her
neck and sent the robot plummeting to the ground below.

    Time to finish this! Not waiting for the dust to settle, Ryoko flew low
and with the skills of an olympic gold medalist, threw her energy saber like
a javelin. The dust cleared to show C-R with Ryoko's saber embedded in her
chest almost up to the hilt. Green bolts of electricity danced up the
orange, glowing rod, and with an almost human shriek, C-R was engulfed in an
explosion. Ryoko landed a few yards away and sighed with relief.

    "That wasn't so hard," she spoke in almost a whisper. No sooner had she
said it had C-R emerged from the black smoke and flames. Her right arm and
shoulder had been blown away, and green sparks spewed from the mangled
stump. A wide gaping hole inbetween her breasts. Her glowing emerald eyes
promising death as she held her saber ready to strike down Ryoko who had yet
to turn around. As she lunged a volley of energy beams riddled her cyborg
body causing her to jerk in odd position as if she were a puppet connected
to strings. C-R fell back, and a stunned Ryoko looked to see Piccollo
approaching.

    "Your lucky I got here when..." Piccollo was interupted as C-R, yet
agian, rose and lunged for the pair only to be struck down a third time by
tiny ,blue energy beams. Ryoko and Piccollo looked to see C-R completely
frozen in ice which promptly crumbled into pieces along with C-R.

    "Ryoko! Are you ok?" Mihoshi shouted as she ran up to them. Ryoko
quickly noticed that Mihoshi had donned her battle armor (A/N: You know. The
one she wore when she freed Washu from Soja).

    "Yeah.....uh...thanks for the save," Ryoko said. It was a good thing
Ayeka wasn't here because Ryoko would never hear the end of being saved by
Mihoshi. In an instant her eyes went wide in realazation. "Tenchi! He's
fighting Kagato...alone!"

    Minion stared at the frightend child before him with perverse awe. He
had been lost in her teary, pink eyes ever since he had brought her to the
ship. Now she was huddled in a corner in his room crying.

    A vision of perfection. Even when she cries she's beautiful.

    His ebony, gloved hand reached out to gently stroke her delicate cheek
that was still damp from tears. Sasami shrugged his hand off and attempted
to back herself closer to the wall.

    "Don't be afraid," Minion said in a sickenly sultry voice. "I'm not
going to hurt you. I could never hurt you."

    "Liar! Tsunami says that your a bad man!" Sasami shouted out.

    In an instant Minion's soft gaze became a menacing scowl as he seized
Sasami's throat in a vice grip. The child gasped and struggled in his
crushing grip until a blue glow surrounded her body. Minion was sent across
the room by an unseen force where he crashed into the wall leaving a spider
web-like dent. He staggered to his feet, his eyes glowing with hatred.

    "Damn tree whore!" Minion snapped, and just as quickly he calmed down.
"Well I can wait. Tsunami can't protect you for long. You will be mine!"
Minion left his quarters. Sasami waited for the doors to close and lock
before she broke down completely into a fit of sobs.

    *Sasami, please don't cry.* Tsunami's voice echoed in her mind. A calm,
conforting voice that seemed to put Sasami at ease.

    "B-but...."

    *He can't hurt you. I won't let him. Please stay calm little one and dry
your eyes because your friends will come.*

    Sasami sat on the bed, hugging her knees she closed her eyes.

    "Tenchi.....where are you?"


(Author turns from his computer to look at the readers)
J-man: Well how did you like this chapter? We are almost getting to the
final showdown, I'd say that there are about four chapters give or take.
Well got any comments or flames? You can reach me at JAAAg18@aol.com. Stay
tuned for the next chapter coming soon!

Coming next chapter.....

Tenchi has his hands filled with Kagato while Vegeta must fight Cell and
protect Bulma at the same time. But Cell seems to be having troubles
fighting. Can Vegeta win a fight without having to throw a punch? And what's
this? Washu verses Violator?!?!