
Southpark Muyo!
-No need for Kenny
---------------
by Vincent M. 'Max Raven' Eskilsson

Somone should've known that this was going to be written(like myself),
but sometimes things like this just happen by themselves.
My excuses are watching Southpark, and seeing Kenny being killed by
Ozzie Osborn (the episode where Chef gets thrown into jail).
Although this is not a proper excuse, I think that's 
the only reason I can come up with, except getting born.
Tenchi Muyo and it's characters are own by AIC and Pioneer.
Southpark is owned by it's company. Please don't sue me, 'cause I
haven't got the cash to pay anyway.
Before you decide to sue:
*pulling down an image of Chewbacca*
This is Chewbacca, he lives on Endor.
That DOES _NOT_ MAKE SENSE!
I mean, that 8-feet wookie living among
those 2-feet Ewoks, is that logical?
No, IT DOES _NOT_ MAKE SENSE!
Anyway, what does this have to do with this?
Nothing, IT DOES _NOT_ MAKE SENSE!
So, if Chewbacca lives on Endor, 
you have to decide in my favor.
(small sound of a slap when someone points out
that Chewbacca doesn't live on Endor).
Anyway, let the fic begin.

---------------

OAV Episode 1:
The kids from Southpark were wandering around in a school.
"What the hell is this place?", Stan asked. 
"Looks like a school dude.", Kyle answered him.
"Mhumm mhumm mhumm.", Kenny said.
"This school suck ass", Cartman said.
"Yeah, I think so too. How the hell did we end up here?"
The kids got up to the roof just in time to hear Ryoko say her name.
"Who the hell's Ryoko?", Stan asked.
"Seems to be her, dude.", Kyle replied, 
pointing at Ryoko blasting away at Tenchi.
Suddenly, a bolt of pure energy from Ryoko struck Kenny, incinerating
his body instantly, leaving nothing more than a pile of ash.
"Oh my god! Ryoko killed Kenny!", Stan exclaimed.
"You asshole!", Kyle screamed.

-The scene faded-

OAV episode 2:
Wandering around in the streets, the gang from "Southpark" were totally
unaware of the sky, or the Ryo-Oh floating up there.
Suddenly, a shot, fired from Aeka's ship (you know, the warning shot) 
hit Kenny dead on, turning him into a fried corpse.
"Oh my god, they killed Kenny!", Stan exclaimed once again.
"Bastards!", Kyle said.

OAV episode 3:
The Southpark gang were out in the woods, looking around.
"What the hell are we doing here?", Stan asked.
"Dunno dude, thought this was a school trip.", Kyle said.
"...You got stinky britchets", Cartman sung.
"You're still singing that song?", Stan asked Cartman.
"It's stuck in my head, I can't get it out.", Cartman replied.
"Mhumm mhumm mhumm!", Kenny said.
"Yeah, this forest's big. 
How the hell are we supposed to find the way out of here?", Stan asked.
"I think we're lost dude.", Kyle said.
The gang got to a hill, seeing a purple haired girl sitting in a tree.
"Who the hell's she?", Stan asked.
"No idea dude.", Kyle answered.
Suddenly the girl lost her grip, and fell on Kenny, 
breaking his neck, his head hanging from a loose thread from his throat.
"Oh my god, she killed Kenny!", Stan exclaimed yet another time.
"Asshole!", Kyle said.

OAV episode 4:
Wandering outside the Onsen, the Southpark gang pondered their next
move. There were sounds of explosions from inside the Onsen, and they
could see the roof getting huge holes in it.
Kenny looked sort of scared. 
Then, it all happened.
A black hole opened in the sky, dragging Kenny away.
The others in the Southpark gang tried to hold him down, 
but to no avail.
Kenny managed to just barely get sucked into the black hole, except for
one minor part of his body, the part usually called "the head".
As the hole shut, it fell to the ground, landing right in front of
the others in the Southpark gang.
"Oh my god, Kenny got killed.", Stan screamed.

OAV episode 5: 
The Southpark gang was out in the forest again, wandering around, when
they suddenly came across a large floating Onsen. 
"Ooooh...", Kenny said.
They went inside, the roof burst, and they hid in the bushes.
Kagato showed up, and everyone who's watched the OAV know how that 
ended. As the Ryo-Ohki was to take off, the Southpark gang snuck aboard.
"Now wait a second, why did we sneak aboard this ship?", Stan wondered.
"No idea dude.", Kyle said.
"Mhumm mhummm mhumm!", Kenny told them.
"Oh, of course...", Stan answered him.
"Really? And who's this Yosho guy?", Cartman wondered.
"Dunno, some Juraian prince.", Kyle replied.
"What's a Juraian prince?", Stan asked.
"Mhumm mhumm mhumm.", Kenny answered him.
"Oh. And why are they?"
"Mhumm mhumm mhumm."
"Aha, so Kagato is..."
"Mhumm!"
"Oh, alright..."
The ship shook, as Kagato shot at it.
Kenny accidentaly stepped into an _extremely_ misplaced teleporting 
device.
He turned around, just in time to see the huge energy blast heading 
towards the Ryo-Oh, which is where he unfortunately was.
He died instantly, whether from the vacuum or the blast, is hard
to tell.
"Oh my god, Kagato killed Kenny!", Stan exclaimed once more.
"Bastard!", Kyle said.

OAV episode 6:
The southpark gang was wandering around inside Souja.
"Hey, this place is bigger than Cartman's ass.", Stan said.
"It is not!", Cartman replied.
They wandered further into the ship, and turned up behind Mihoshi as
she dropped her control cube, transporting all of them to the mirror
side of the ship. The Southpark gang decided to follow her, as they
couldn't find a better way to go. 
As Mihoshi was attacked by the Souja(you know, the snakes), Kenny
was unfortunately not lucky enough to get away in time, and he got
mashed into a bloody pulp by one of the snakes. 
"Oh my god! That snake ate Kenny!", Stan exclaimed.
"Asshole!", Kyle said.

-The End-

So, how did you like this fanfic? I have some ideas about the second
OAV, so if you want those episodes to get X:ed-over, just send your
mail to _8thlegion_max@mail.bip.net 
There you can also send flames, requests or whatever. 
Thanks John-Ohki for pre-reading.
Also, thanks HP for pre-reading the update.
Hope you enjoyed this fic. 
 Vincent suddenly got hit by a large energy beam.
"Oh my god, the readers killed Vincent!", Kyle exclaimed.
"Assholes!", Stan said.