

				SPIRITS OF REMEMBRANCE
				     Chapter 2 
			      "Countdown from Zero"


				By Marc Weinstein




Legal boring stuff: I don't own Tenchi Muyo! or any of it's characters. They are the property of 
AIC and Pioneer. Ghost Rider and all things related to the Marvel Universe herein are the 
property of Marvel Comics. I own no characters save for Marc Weinstein and a few characters made 
specifically for this fanfic. This story is set in the OVA continuity. This is also NOT the Ghost
Rider of either of the three Marvel books. This Ghost Rider is entirely my own take on the 
character, so please don't skewer me if he seems out of character. He may seem similar to 
Zarathos or Noble Kale at times, but he is NEITHER of them, nor is he Vengeance, or Ghost Rider 
2099. 


	*What do I do now?*

	The thought reverberated through Zero's mind. Up until a few moments ago, she had been 
part of a being named Ryoko Habuki. Daughter of Washu Habuki, the self proclaimed 'Greatest 
Scientific Genius in the Universe'. Now she and Ryoko had once more split into two beings. She 
stared across the way from the entrance to the cave in which Ryoko had been imprisoned for seven 
hundred years, and saw nothing in her feline eyes save despair.
	"Ryoko, think this through. Tenchi doesn't hate you. it's not in his *nature* to hate 
people. Especially not you. How long has it been now since you...since *we've* lived in his home? 
Two, maybe three years now?"
	Ryoko snorted in derision. Then teleported out of sight. Leaving Zero alone. The former 
machine turned flesh and blood double of Ryoko simply stood there. She remembered Ryoko's words 
of her being far to Naive. Although she knew it was possible that Ryoko was right, she just 
didn't think Tenchi capable of hating anyone. Particularly Ryoko, whom he'd rushed off to save 
twice already. Yet Ryoko seemed pretty sure that Tenchi indeed *did* hate her now. But that 
wasn't the biggest thing on her mind. No. It wasn't even close.
	It was the fact that, in Ryoko's mind, Ayeka had won.

*	*	*	*

	Marc walked the streets of Tokyo. He hadn't been here long, but he had already made a 
major decision.

	*I need to find someplace quieter to stay.*

	This was a pretty hard task to accomplish. Tokyo was, after all, a gigantic metropolis, 
and the capital city of Japan. Finding a quiet place in Tokyo was like Jaques Cousteau trying to 
find a dry spot in the ocean. Finding a store which apparently had english speaking employees, 
he entered, with the intention of finding a uiet place outside the city.

	"If you wish for some peace and quiet, then perhaps the Masaki Shrine would suit your 
needs." The young woman at the counter said.
	"The Masaki Shrine?" He hadn't heard of it. It was probably small, and thus in an out of 
the way place. It sounded perfect.
	"That's right. It's a shrine some seven hundred or so years old. legends tell of a battle 
between a demon and a Samurai from a far away land, who battled near there. The legends also 
claim the demon is entrapped within the srhine and has been since the time of that battle."
	"I don't suppose you know the names of these legendary creatures?"
	"Sorry, sir, but I only heard of the legend in passing while on vacation in Okayama, 
where the Shrine is."
	Marc simply smiled, thanked the young woman at the counter, and left. On the walk to the 
corner, where, if he read right, a bus stop currently existed, meaning one would be along shortly. 
He contemplated the idea of going to Okayama. It sounded peaceful enough. Which was just what he 
needed. Someplace to retreat to when the Ghost Rider wasn't needed. His intended target was 
rumored to be staying in japan for at least four or five months, due to being in talks with the 
Yakuza. This presented a perfect opportunity to not only take out his target, but several 
powerful members of the Japanese Mafia.

*	*	*	*

	"So, Tenchi, what are you going to do about this?" Katsuhito said to his grandson as 
Tenchi was sweeping the steps to the shrine.
	"Pardon?"
	"What are you going to do about Ryoko and Ayeka?" Katsuhito said, pressing the fact that 
he was displeased with tenchi's actions into his voice.
	"Well, I'm not entirely sure. I haven't seen Ryoko at all since I wscolded them for fighting, 
and Ayeka seems to have holed herself up in her and Sasami's room, sulking." Tenchi said. And in 
fact, he was very worried about them both. Sasami said Ayeka was alright, but a little depressed 
from being scolded. Ryoko on the other hand, nobody seemed able to find. She was nowhere near the 
house at all it seemed. That scared Tenchi. He knew how unpredictable she could be. He supposed 
he could ask Washu to try to find her, but knowing the semi-demented scientist, she'd be more 
likely to string him up in some contraption and try to experiemnt on him again as she had for 
the last few years since she came to live with himself and the others. Or worse, string *Ryoko* 
up again as she'd done that one time. Still, he did feel he should apologize to the both of them 
for blowing up at them as he did. But they just never seemed to listen. If only he could get it 
through their heads that their fighting bothered him, and make it *stick*, life might slowly get 
relatively close to normal.
	"Tenchi?"
	Tenchi and Katsuhito turned towards the voice. There, Ryoko stood, looking a bit pale, 
but otherwise fine.
	"Ryoko! Glad to see you. I wanted to talk to you."
	"Then I'm afraid you'll have to wait a while longer."
	"Huh? Why?" Tenchi asked, looking confused.
	"Because I'm not Ryoko."

*	*	*	*

	Marc read through a few more of his Japanese/English translation books. He already had 
done some practicing with a Japanese man also headed for Okayama, who spoke english, and was 
glad to help him out.
	"So, Mister Nobiyuki, or should I say Nobiyuki-san...you say you live near the Masaki 
Shrine?"
	Nobiyuki nodded."Call me either one. And yes. Not too far from it actually. My father in 
law owns and runs it."
	"No kidding. Quiet place?"
	"Uh...well, as long as Ayeka and Ryoko aren't fighting, it's usually pretty quiet, yes. 
But they can get pretty rowdy when they go all out."
	The American quirked an eyebrow as Nobiyuki smiled.

*	*	*	*

	"Zero?"
	"That's right, Tenchi. Ryoko and I seperated. I'm worried for her." Zero said.
	"What does this mean for you, Zero?" Katsuhito asked, reminding them both of his 
presence. 
	"You are Ryoko's double, but are you flesh and blood, or merely a machine with her 
appearance?"
	"Dr. Clay was very....thorough. I am flesh and Blood so long as I am in this body. And 
because of my union with Ryoko, I believe I can never again become what I once was. Physically, 
I *am* Ryoko. Mentally, I'm someone with her memories, but still a seperate entity."
	"Then on behalf of the Masaki family, I welcome you, Zero Habuki."

*	*	*	*

	"So, Washu, have you found Ryoko yet?" Sasami asked, hoping to hear good news from the 
red-haired scientist.
	"Not just yet, Sasami. But I did find out she and Zero have seperated, and that Zero has 
become a living being, thanks to her time as a part of Ryoko. She's, in many ways, Ryoko's twin 
sister now."
	"Wow! So Zero's a new person now? Where is she? I wanna say hello." Sasami said with a 
smile, while Ryo-Oh-Ki nodded and grinned, also wanting to say hello.
	"Well, she's over by the shrine. Meanwhile, I'm going to continue trying to find Ryoko."
	Sasami nodded and bounded out the door, back to the Masaki household, and then out and 
to the shrine. After making sure she wasn't coming back, and knowing Ryo-Oh-Ki would be with 
Sasami all day, hoping for some carrots, Washu sighed and turned to a shadowy corner of her lab.
	"You can come out now, Ryoko."
	".....How did you know?"
	"I'm your Mother."

*	*	*	*

	Nobiyuki slowly rounded the bend. After returning to Okayama, he had gotten ahold of his 
van, which had been parked at the bus station. From there, he and his new-found friend had 
driven to the Shrine. For Marc, it was an entirely new experience, the different way the driver's 
side was one the right and all. It confused him. but since he figured he wouldn't be here all 
that long, he shouldn't dwell on it. The youngster could be confused for someone twice his age, 
with his wild beard and mustache. But in fact, he was only 20. Nobiyuki noticed how quiet his 
guest was.
	"Yen for your thoughts?"
	"Hmmm? Oh. Just watching the scenery. That and I was wondering about the legend that I 
heard about when I was inquiring about the Shrine."
	Nobiyuki smiled. This was something he hadn't expected, but still, it was an interesting 
twist of events.
	"I have a feeling you'll learn quite a bit about the legend once you get there."

*	*	*	*

	In another dimension, the being known as Tokimi grimaced. She had feared this for some 
time. Ever since discovering the presence of Tsunami and Washu in this dimension, she had known 
there must have been a reason. Now she knew. *It* was here. And it's children had long inhabited 
the dimension. The most powerful of them, even now, seemed destined to meet the Avatars of her 
sisters. Her own champion was not ready. But worse than that, her own plans for this dimension 
seemed in jeopardy. She was determined to have her revenge. But now that it's greatest child was 
so close to the Avatars, it seemed that nothing she could do would sway the balance to her again.
	"This must not *be*!"

*	*	*	*

	As the van pulled up to the Masaki household, Tenchi, Zero, Sasami, Katsuhito, and 
Ryo-Oh-Ki all came to greet Nobiyuki, and were surprised to see a young man with him. He was 
brown-haired and brown eyed. His beard and mustache, fully grown in, was wild, and seemed a 
mixed of brown, red, and black. As Nobiyuki had expected, everyone reacted in their own way to 
the stranger. Tenchi, as usual, was polite and quite happy to meet someone new, as was Sasami 
and Ryo-Oh-Ki. Sasami shook hands with the stranger. Ryo-Oh-ki took one sniff the of the 
stranger's scent and recoiled slightly with a look of surprise on her small furry face. But, 
that quickly passed and she literally leaped from the top of Sasami's head onto the shoulder 
of the young man, who was maybe just an inch or two taller than Tenchi's 5' 6". Katsuhito merely 
nodded a polite greeting. But it was Ryoko's reaction that surprised Nobiyuki. She was actually 
blushing, and fumbling for words.
	"Uh...h-hello. I-I'm..."
	"This is Zero Habuki, Ryoko's sister." Tenchi said, trying to help her along.
	Nobiyuki quirked an eyebrow in surprise. He'd been told about the incident with Zero. 
But this was entirely different from what he'd heard. Zero had supposedly fused with Ryoko and 
become part of her.
	"I'm sure there's a fascinating explanation for this, but right now, I just want to get 
myself a snack. Someone fill me in later?"
	"I'll field that one later, dad."
	Nobiyuki nodded and headed into the house. Marc snickered as Ryo-Oh-Ki began trying to 
climb onto his head.
	"Cute little critter, ain't she?"
	"Yeah. But, what exactly *is* it?"
	"She's a cabbit. part cat, part rabbit. She belongs to Ryoko, but she and I tend to play 
together a lot."
	"Ah."

*	*	*	*

	Somewhere in the depths of Hell, Mephisto, lord of the underworld smiled, cackling 
maniacally. He did so enjoy torturing the souls of the damned. But today his attention was not 
on these. No. he focused on the dark, but eerily beautiful goddess.
	"No." Was all he said.
	"You must *not* refuse me, Mephisto! The time of my revenge is too close for this to 
happen now! You must give him to me!"
	"What kind of a fool do you take me for? Do you dare think I would enrage either of 
*them* to solve the dispute between you and your two sisters?! You are a fool, Tokimi! I will 
*not* give you what you seek!"
	"Mephisto..." Tokimi's voice was bordering as close to begging as he had ever heard it. 
"Give him to me, and...I shall give you what you have desired of me for millenia."
	Mephisto, lord of the underworld, for the first time in more eons than he cared to count, 
was struck completely dumb.

*	*	*	*	

	The Demon laughed again. Harder this time. All the pieces were coming together. The 
Children walked the Earth still. His goal was not far distant in being obtained. He knew he must 
be wary of the Children, but he felt no others could match his power. Not even those who carried 
the strength of the Tsunami and Washu. Lesser gods in the grand scheme of things, though to their 
own people, they pretended they had created the very cosmos itself. Still, they had their uses.

	Slowly, the Demon began to absorb whatever life energy could be found, drawing on the 
very power of the elements themselves as well as the negative energies in whatever animals it 
could find.
	Inexorably, a body began to form.
	The Earth cried out.
	And the Living Spirit of Vengeance would soon come to know why.

*	*	*	*

	Marc winced suddenly, unnoticed by all except Katsuhito. The Earth itself seemed to be 
calling to him. No, not to him. To the other. To the Creature he became. To the flaming skulled 
monster he hid within himself. To the Ghost Rider. But the cry seemed to pass a milisecond later. 
Marc paid it no further heed.
	"So, Zero, that's an unusual name. How'd you happen to come by it?"
	"Uhm...well, it was given to me by Dr. Clay."
	Marc blinked, not sure he understood a word of the explanation. His confusion, he 
supposed, must have been obvious, for Tenchi noticed right away.
	"It's a long  story. We'll tell you later."
	Marc simply shrugged.
	"Say, where's Washu, sasami?"
	Sasami blinked, looking up at Tenchi. "She's still in her lab, trying to track down 
Ryoko, I think."
	Tenchi visbily went pale at the mention of Washu's lab. It was a fact not lost on either 
Marc or Katsuhito. "Uh...let's leave her to her work then."

*	*	*	*

	"Ryoko, come on. It's not as bad as you think." Washu said, trying to coax a reaction, 
any kind of reaction, from her Daughter. The Oni simply refused to cooperate. She hadn't said a 
single word since asking Washu how she'd known she had been there. Despite her best attempts to 
communicate through the mind link she shared with Ryoko, that hadn't worked either. Ryoko had 
learned to block it somehow. This did *not* please Washu at all, as she had come to view their 
link as a doorway into her Daughter's mind. A doorway that both allowed her to help her Daughter 
when needed, and also to find inspiration for new experiments. Both in general and on her 
Daughter. But now that she didn't even have *that*, she was determined to get her to talk. 
Unfortunately, Ryoko had other plans.

*	*	*	*

	"You're serious." It was a statement, not a question. Not that he needed an Answer. 
Tokimi would never have even said it unless she was truly willing to go through with it.
	"Yes."
	"Very well. But regardless of what happens in the end, I *fully* expect you to honor 
this pact. Or you know what I can, and will do."
	Tokimi nodded. She wasn't so insane as to try to double-cross Mephisto of all beings.
	"Very well. He's yours."

*	*	*	*

	A few hours later, in a subjective amount of time between Hell and Earth's different 
rates of time flow, Tokimi had returned to her ship. And she was hardly alone. D3 was there, and 
from the look on his face, Tokimi knew he was still against this decision. She also knew he would 
not challenge her.
	"Is all in readiness?"
	"Yes, Lady Tokimi."
	"Very well. Give Kagato what he needs."


				To be Continued.....


	AUTHOR'S NOTES: Well, here's Part Two of the saga. Comments and so forth are appreciated.