"Of Science and Sorcery"
By Zach Haugen
Tenchi is owned by AIC and Pioneer  (I'm using the TV#1 storyline)
Slayers is owned by Software Sculptors (and now ADV too!)  (I'm using the 1st TV series)
As everyone says, "NOOOOO!  Don't sue me!"  I say that too. :)

Part 1:
Tenchi!  No need for silence!
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Tenchi opened his eyes.  It seemed unusually quiet this morning.  Normally he could hear Aeka
and Ryoko outside, fighting over something.  Usually it was him.  But this morning all he could
hear was Sasami fixing breakfast downstairs.  He heard her say something to someone, but he
couldn't make it out. 

*I wonder who she's talking too?* thought Tenchi; a faint "Miya!" made him realize it was 
Ryo- ohki.

Tenchi rolled over onto his back, and took in the quiet of the morning.  He had started to
really wonder what was with all the silence.  Just then he heard a knock at the door.  Sasami's 
voice came from the other side.

"Tenchi?"

"Yeah?" he said in a sleepy voice.

"Tenchi, breakfast is ready."  Sasami said as she opened the door a crack and started to look in.
Ryo-ohki's head appeared just above hers through the door.  She then jumped down from Sasami's 
head and ran across the room until she came to Tenchi.

"Miya!  Miya miya, mia meow!"

"Good morning, Ryo-ohki."  Tenchi said, looking at her.  "I'll be down soon, Sasami.  Thank you!"

"Ok, Tenchi!  Hurry, before it gets cold!"  She said as she turned around to go downstairs.  
Ryo- ohki gave a quick "Miya!" and hopped along after her.

*I should have asked Sasami where Ryoko and Aeka are.* Tenchi thought to himself as he got up. 
*I guess I'll ask when I see her at breakfast.*

In the kitchen, Nobiyuki, Yosho, Washu and Sasami sat at the table, waiting for Tenchi.  
Ryo-ohki had decided that he was taking too long and was almost done with her first bucket of 
carrots.

"I told him to hurry..."  Sasami said, while looking at the food on the table, all of it getting 
colder by the minute.

"Don't worry, Sasami.  He'll be down soon."  Yosho said, while looking at the stairs.  No sound 
or movement came from upstairs.

"I'll go see what's keeping him."  Nobiyuki said as he stood up. *He's probably got Ryoko or 
Aeka up there...* He thought. *That's why it's been so quiet.  I wonder what they're...* A small 
chuckle came from his lips as they went into a faint grin.  As he reached the top of the stairs, 
he noticed how unusually quiet it was.  Normally when he came up here in the middle of the night 
(to spy on all the 'pretty girls') he could hear Tenchi breathing, Tenchi didn't snore; but his 
breathing was close enough to it to be heard outside his door.  Still no sound came from 
Tenchi's room as Nobiyuki came to the door.

"Tenchi!  Come down for breakfast," Nobiyuki said as he opened the door, "what's going on, who 
do you have in here anyways?  Tenchi?  .....Tenchi!!!!!"


Part 2:
Fireball!  No need for a blackout!
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

"Lina..."  Gourry said as they entered the cave.  "I don't think we should be going in here.  
It seems kinda...spooky."

"What?  Is poor little Gourry SCARED?"  Lina said as she turned around.  "Listen, Gourry.  All 
we have to do is go in here, get the merchandise, and get out.  How hard can that be?"

"But everyone's been telling us about the DEMON that lives in here and guards that....thing you 
want!"

"Gourry," Lina said as she started to walk back to him "it's not a THING, it's a Magic 
Transformer.  Have you forgotten ALREADY?"  She said in an annoyed voice as she approached Gourry.

"I guess, but why couldn't I stay back at the inn in town?  What does this thing do with me 
anyways, Lina?"  Gourry said, looking down at her.

"It doesn't, Gourry.  The town is 2 days journey from here, I wanted someone to travel with, 
and since I couldn't take Zel..."

"Why couldn't you take him?"  Gourry interrupted.

"If you would let me finish?"  Lina said in an irritated tone.  "Amelia is the reason why I 
couldn't take Zel..."

"Then why couldn't you take Amelia?"

Lina cringed and made an annoyed sigh.  "Gourry, THINK.  Would you ever WANT to travel with 
Amelia alone?  I'd never make it here, we'd be completely out of our way, with me chasing after 
her on her fight for 'justice'!  You were the only one, alright?  That's why."  She said as she 
looked up to meet his bewildered gaze.

Gourry though for a moment.  "So....I'm the only one you could bring?  Is that it?"

"Yes!  Now let's go!"  Lina said as she turned around and started to walk off.

"What are we going to get again?"  Gourry asked as he started walking after Lina.  In a quick 
motion, Lina had turned from facing away from him to facing towards him.  An object came 
towards him too.  The rock hit him directly in the middle of the forehead.  Gourry rubbed it in 
pain.  "What?  What did I do?"

"For the last time, Gourry.  We're after a MAGIC TRANSFORMER.  It can change a spell that 
normally could not be changed to be used as an opposite magic spell.  Let's say I use it on an 
Elmekia Lance, my guess is I would get something that could block it's power, something 
sorcerers and sorceresses all over the world have never been able to produce.  The only time 
I've ever known it to be done was by Shabranigdo."  Lina said as Gourry tried to understand.  
"Ok, Gourry, let's put it this way, I put in a spell, I get the opposite out.  Got it?"

"Hmmm....I don't know.  So if you used that Magic Transfumer thing on a healing spell, it would 
hurt?  Is that it?"

Lina smiled.  For once, Mr. Dense had actually understood.  "That's it Gourry.  Glad you 
understood.  Now, let's GO."  She said as she again turned around and started to walk through 
the cave.  Gourry followed after her.

After about an hour of walking they came to a vast, dark chamber.  Lina's low-light magic spells 
were becoming less and less effective.  "It's too dark here for my small spells to work.  Mind a 
little more light, Gourry?"  Lina said as she looked at him beside her.

"I don't think we'll need to.  I think I see the Magic Transmission over there."

Lina ignored the mispronunciation and looked where he was referring to.  A small object stood on
a small pillar at the far end of the cavern.  A faint glow emanated from it.  "That must be it, 
good work Gourry!"  She said as she ran off.  "Wait there!"

Gourry looked around for a while then decided to lean against a nicely placed wall. *Hmm, not 
too hard here on this wall...* he thought to himself.  He sighed and continued his waiting.

As Lina grew closer she could start to make out the object on the pillar.  In the final steps 
she took to the pillar she could clearly see it in the dim glow.  It was a green jewel, it 
looked like a magical amulet, only more refined and clear but with no magic seal inside.  
Instead there was a sphere inside that changed from blue to red as you looked across it.  
She moved to look at the amulet from different angles, but it seemed the colors on the sphere 
seemed to follow her; never changing, always blue to red. After a look, everything looked safe, 
there didn't seem to be a trap anywhere.  "Gourry!"  Lina shouted.  "Get ready to head back, 
here I come!"  No answer came back.  Lina shrugged.  Knowing Gourry, he'd probably fallen 
asleep.  She took a quick  look in her idea where Gourry should be, but it was too dark to see.  
She shrugged a second time and picked up her prize.  As she did so, the light around it 
immediately went out and the whole room was cast into darkness.

Then came the dragon's roar.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
End of parts 1 and 2!

What happened to Tenchi?  Where are Aeka and Ryoko?  And what about Mihoshi and Kiyone?  What's 
the deal with Gourry?  All to be fully or partially (or not at all) explained in the next 2 
chapters!

How does it seem so far?  Hope I've got your attention on both sides of the story.  I've tried 
to make the characters as close to the originals and as real as possible.  If you have any 
suggestions or comments about it, tell me.  Even story ideas are fine, but I've got the basic 
storyline already down.

My Email address is scurvy@wfol.net 

Any MSTs would be fine too, I love 'em.  (Even if it is hashing my story) :) Just make it funny.