Chapter 7
Raye vs. Number 18

	Ranma and Akane were standing at the entrance to the World Martial 
Arts Tournament Stadium, called Hercule Square. Akane gave out a long 
drawn out sigh wondering what was keeping the others, when they both 
heard someone clearing their throat. Ranma turned his head to the sound 
and spotted the Namekian warrior, Piccolo. When Akane saw him she kept 
the surprise from her face, she had never seen a green skinned pointy 
ear person before. Ranma quietly walked up to him casually. 
	"Hi, Piccolo it's nice to see you again," Ranma replied.
	Piccolo smiled and nodded once. "I guess I can say the same 
thing."
	"Oh, Piccolo I want you to meet my fiancee, Akane," Ranma said 
taking Akane's hand and leading her over to the Namek.
	"Please, to meet one of Ranma's friends," Akane said nervously.
	Piccolo nodded but said nothing, his attention was diverted 
because the rest of the Z-fighters had appeared. Ranma and Akane turned 
to watch as the group walked up. Ranma waved in excitement as Trunks and 
Goten ran up. The two saiyens immediately started asking Ranma huge 
amount of questions involving his and Akane's quality time together. 
Akane's face turned pink at some of the questions, this fact was only 
compounded when Brad, Krillin, and Goku started commenting on Akane's 
facial color.

	Tenchi, Ryoko, Tsunami, and Washu were walking up to the main 
entrance to the stadium when they heard a loud scream coming from two 
young people, one was a young man with a pigtail, and the other is a 
girl with page boy style haircut. They were both yelling at a group of 
people who seemed to be teasing them. They would of been ignored if not 
for the fact that Tenchi and company recognized several individuals in 
the the group. "Hey, it's that green skinned guy that ask if you wanted 
to take part in the tournament," Ryoko stated.
	Washu looked at her son-in-law. "Hmm, you were invited to this 
tournament by a Namek."
	Tsunami meanwhile was looking at the others gathered around the 
Namek. "And by the looks of it, he's surrounded by a group of Saiyens 
and really powerful humans."
	Washu's eyes gleamed over in scientific thoughts. "I thought the 
Saiyens were wiped out long time ago."
	Tsunami shook her head. "Apparently, a few were missed and it 
looks like they have changed their ways."
	Ryoko looked at Tsunami and Washu strangely. "What do you mean 
changed their ways?"
	"Simple, they were planetary pirates far worse than you or Kagato. 
They easily destroy planet without the use of ships or special weapons," 
Washu replied watching the good nature exchange between the shortest 
member of the group and one of the Saiyens as the group entered the 
stadium. "Hmm, that one in the orange and blue uniform looked familiar."
	"That's because he's Barddock's son," Tsunami replied sadly.
	Washu mirrored that saddness. "I wonder if Barddoock knew how his 
youngest child would turn out."
	"He knew," Tsunami said as she walked toward the entrance, the 
others quietly followed the reborned goddess.
	As they walked through the entrance, they were being watched by 
eight pairs of eyes. They were all dressed in shadowy cloaks and hoods 
except for the leader, he was dressed in a evergreen trench coat, a 
wide-brim dark green hat, and dark green gloves. He wore an evil smirk 
on his face. "So the boy is somehow alive, all the better. You three 
know what your roles are in this game of games."
	All three of the shadowy figures nodded once and moved to the 
front entrance.

	The courtyard outside the main stadium leading to the big 
tournament ring, was completely packed with martial artists of every 
variety, style, and sex. The Z-fighters waved goodbye to those who 
wouldn't be fighting in the tournament namely Nodoka, Chi Chi, Marron, 
Bulma, Bra, Master Roshi, Yamcha, Puar, Oolong, and Pan. Tenchi and 
Ryoko waved their goodbyes to Washu and Tsunami then waited with the 
other fighters by the master of ceremonies podium.
	A few minutes later Hercule and Amazon elder Cologne appeared at 
the podium overlooking the crowd of fighters. It was Cologne that spoke 
out. "Greetings, honored warriors and we welcome you to this year's 
World Martial Arts Tournament," she stated and a round of shouts, 
whistles, and cheers were sounded through out the courtyard. "This 
year's tournament will be different than the others in past years. It 
will consist of a twelve bracket qualifing tournaments to enter the big 
main event. A female eight slot tournament, with the two finalists 
qualifing for the main event. It also has an eight slot male youth 
division tournament with the two finalists of that tournament also 
competing in the main event. Each of the twelve qualifying brackets will 
have a number above it, that number will determine your spot in the big 
main event," Cologne took a deep breath. "Now to explain the rules, we 
have the retired world hero, Hercule."
	Hercule took his place at the podium and cleared his throat. "The 
rules are as followed, if your knockout of the ring, are down for a 
count of ten, or give up your out. If you unfortunately kill you 
opponent, fight outside the ringduring the tournament, or interfere in a 
match your out of the competition," he paused. "This tournament is meant 
to showcase the best of the best in martial arts. So goodluck and 
remember this is a competition, so try to have some fun."
	Cologne had retaken her spot on the podium. "Now first is the 
Women's division, which will no doubt last until lunch, then after lunch 
the twelve bracket qualifying rounds will begin. The youth tournament 
will begin after dinner. So those who need to change into there fighting 
gi's do so now, and goodluck."

	Ranma and the other Z-fighters took spots up at the top of the 
stadium looking down at the stadium floor. He closed his eyes and made a 
silent prayer to Dende, to keep his fiancee and sister safe during the 
women's division. He looked down at the program that he got for the 
entire tournament and waited to see who would be pitted against who in 
the first round the female tournament.

	Akane and other seven women competing in the female tournament, 
looked up at the tournament bracket to see who they will be fighting 
against first. What Akane saw made her smile like the shark that had 
chased her. <I must of done something right recently, or the Kami's 
wouldn't gave me my fondest wish.> 

World Martial Arts Tournament- Female Division
1st Round

Akane Tendo
Xian Pu (Shampoo, for those who don't know)
				____________

Raye Hino Saotome
Number 18
									____________spot 
16
											spot 5
Ryoko Masaki
Eiko Magami

				____________

Videl Son
Chun Li

	The Tournament announcer took his spot in the center of the ring 
and started to charge the crowd. "Welcome ladies and gentlemen, children 
of all ages, I proudly declare that the tournament begins," he said into 
the microphone and a thunderous roar from the crowd gathered. As the 
announcer put the mic to his lips again. "Now, lets begin this 
tournament by letting the ladies go first. Speaking of first, we have 
Akane Tendo of the Tendo School of Anything Goes Martial Arts taking on 
the Amazon Dynamo from China, Xian Pu."

	Akane and Xian Pu walked side by side heading to the ring, during 
the trip Akane was thinking of some pretty mean things toward the purple 
haired Amazon. <You're going down you Chinese bimbo, now it's just 
general principles. But I owe you for that Salon job you pulled on me.> 
Akane kept the mean thoughts off her face as she stepped up onto the 
ring floor and walked to the middle. She then waited, for the gong to 
pounce on her long time former rival.
	The announcer stepped off the ring floor and turned around 
bringing his hand up. When the hand came down the gong was sounded. Xian 
Pu was about to charge at her opponent, but her opponent disappeared. 
Akane reappeared behind Xian Pu and slammed her foot into the Amazon's 
back sending her flying clean out of the ring, and crashing into the 
wall right in front of Cologne's private booth. With a satisfied smirk 
Akane turned on her heel and walked back to the waiting area to wait for 
the semi-finals. The announcer and several dumbfounded fans of the 
Amazon watch Akane disappear into the waiting area.
	"Um, Ladies and Gentlemen, the winner is Akane Tendo," the 
announcer said regaining his composure.

	Ryoko watched in amazement at how fast the match ended, and how 
fast Akane Tendo had taken out her opponent. <Did I miss something in 
the last twenty years, how can anybody except me or Tenchi be that fast 
or strong.>

	The announcer looked down at the sheet he was given to keep track 
of the matches and a smile blossom on his face. "Ladies and Gentlemen we 
have a returning fighter to the tournament, Number 18. This blonde 
bombshell was a finalist in the tournament seven years. Now she is back 
facing in the opening round Raye Hino Saotome of the Saotome School of 
Anything Goes Martial Arts. I hope this proves to be a better match than 
the last one."

	Number 18 and Raye walked side by side each with a smile on her 
face. "Your going down, little girl," 18 taunted.
	"Not before you do, you old hag," Raye responded, and they both 
laughed as they stepped onto the ring. 
	The announcer watched as they got several feet apart, and had an 
inkling of what type of match he was about to see. All he could do was 
smile as he stepped off the ring and raise his hand. When he dropped his 
hand and the gong sounded, he watched the two women launch at each other 
at supersonic speed.

(Start Playing "My Way" by Limp Bizkit here to recieve the full 
imaginary effect)

	18 and Raye met at the center of the ring forearm to forearm, they 
engaged in a brief bout of tug of war before seperating doing backflips, 
then launching toward at each other again engaging in a series of 
kicking and punching combinations. Raye and 18 punched, blocked, 
vanished, reappeared, throwing a massive amount of kicks and punches 
that appeared that they were about to land just before the indicidual 
would disappear from view. As the fight continued they were slowly 
ascending into air so totally engrossed in the fight, that they didn't 
even notice that no one was cheering, except for the Z-fighters and 
their families. Everybody else in the stadium were sitting or standing 
with there mouths dropped to the floor. 
	The two women split at the apex of the long ascent flying back 
away from each other, Raye then launch higher into the air and when she 
stopped she brought her index fingers together. "Mars.....Fire.....," 
she slowly chanted as 18 was flying up to meet her. 18 was so engross in 
catching up to the raven haired youth she didn't notice the fireball 
slowly gathering on Raye's index fingers. The closer 18 got the brighter 
the fireball got. "Ignite!!!!!!!" Raye finished chanting and sent a huge 
fireball directly at 18.
	18 saw it at the last second and dodge out of the way, the 
fireball went flying past her and impacted just outside the ring 
creating a good size crater. 18 turned around from watching the 
fireball's track only to be nailed in the mouth with Raye's fist. Raye 
then kicked 18 in the stomach and followed it up with a double axe 
handle punch sending the blonde beauty hurtling to the ring floor.
	Just before 18 impacted she did a quick frontflip landing on her 
feet, she then launch back into the air at an increase speed. Raye 
barely had chance to block before the two went back into trading punches 
and blocks.

	"Man, can you believe this," Goku stated. "They're both tearing it 
up, and this is just the first round."
	Brad nodded extreme pride showing in his eyes. "They want to give 
it everything they got. This is just awesome, win or lose. I'm proud of 
my little girl."
	Krillin nodded. "You know it, going toe to toe with 18 and not 
going super Saiyen says a lot on how far we've all come. But, being the 
husband that I am, I'm totally bias. Get her sweetheart!" Krillin 
shouted.
	"Yeah, well the winner as to take on Akane, and she's got one 
those patented Saotome surprises waiting for the victor," Ranma said 
with a winsome smile.
	All the Z-fighters present remember what those type of surprises 
were like. "Dende, help us all," Vegeta mumbled.

	18 and Raye dropped back down to the ring floor, launching toward 
each other only this time they both slip past the other's defenses and 
landed blow to the side of the face sending each other flying backwards. 
They both backflipped while 18 landed perfectly, Raye though landed off 
balance. 18 quickly spotted a way to end the match, flew at Raye and 
tried to land a kick at Raye's midsection only to have the raven haired 
youth make a quick hop back, 18 tried again only to have Raye flip over 
it, plant her foot then launch into the air. As she went flying into the 
air, she quickly started assessing herself. <I won't last much longer at 
this rate, she almost got me that time. Well, I put this off long 
enough, time to show the world what I am.> Raye froze thirty feet above 
the stadium and scrunch up into ball.
	18 launch into the air wondering what the raven haired youth was 
doing. Then she could feel a sharp increase in Raye's power level. <I 
didn't think a female Saiyen could do that.> 18 quickly increased her 
speed but was just little late.
	Raye jerk herself out of her fetal position a golden aura 
surrounding her as hair fanned out in every direction, turning golden in 
the process and her dark eyes change to emerald green. Every fan in the 
stadium who were already stunned at the battle, now had something new 
and amazing to look at as Raye Hino Saotome became a Super Saiyen. 

	Raye smirked a bit then with her Super Saiyen enhanced speed she 
vanished from site and reappeared in front of 18 landing an earth 
shattering punch to the blonde beauty's stomach. Then she grabbed 18's 
arm and flung the blonde beauty higher into the air. As 18 went soaring 
she notice she was directly underneath the sun. "Alright kiddo, if your 
going to play dirty so can I," 18 said then stopped her momentum and 
watched as Raye fly right towards her. 18 spread her fingers next her 
face and turn them inward. "Here's a trick your Uncle Krillin taught me, 
Solar Flare!!!!!!!" she shouted and huge blinding flash of light 
cascaded down. Raye was caught by the light and was temporary blinded.
	18 used this given time to fly down at max speed and slam her foot 
into Raye's cheek causing the raven haired youth to go sailing at mach 
three toward the ground and crashing to the floor well outside the ring.
	The crowd had gotten over it's stunned looks in time to realize 
the match had ended, as the announcer declared Number 18 the victor.

World Martial Arts Tournament- Women's Division
1st Round

Akane Tendo
Xian Pu
				Akane Tendo
				Number 18

Raye Hino Saotome
Number 18

								_____________spot 16
										  spot 5
Ryoko Masaki
Eiko Magami
				___________

Videl Son
Chun Li


Post Chapter Note's: This was certainly a long one, it has shades of the 
Trunks vs. Goten, but with a few things added and the outcome was left 
up to experience rather than power level or the fact that Number 18 was 
fighting a Super Sayien near the end of the match. I also wanted to give 
a little visual aide to help me keep track on how far I have to go. As 
for the spot 16 and spot 5 written at the end of the bracket, those are 
spots the finalists will be in, in the main event.
You'll also notice that Chun Li from the Street Fighter video games and 
Eiko (A-ko) Magami from the Project A-KO movies are the other fighters. 
Also Hercule was totally out of character, and I wrote Shampoo as Xian 
Pu because that's her Chinese given name. Well, gots to go.       



        
