Chapter 3
Three Young Super Saiyens

	Akane, Ranma, Trunks, and Goten were walking down the street, Raye 
was walking on the fence dressed in different school uniform than Akane. 
Raye looked at her watch and sighed. She then jumped up and started to 
fly off, this caused Akane to jump in shock but she kept silent hoping 
this would all be explained later. As they walked passed the Tofu 
clinic, Akane waved briefly to the good doctor and her future brother 
in-law. "Hi, Dr. Tofu."
	Tofu smiled and waved back. "Hello, Akane have a good day at 
school."
	Akane nodded. "I will, bye."
	Ranma, Trunks, and Goten watched the exchange with mild interest. 
"Friend of yours, Akane?" Ranma asked.
	Akane smiled softly and nodded. "Yes, as well as our family 
doctor. He's been treating me since I was four and always took the time 
to talk to me. Plus, he's the guy my sister is going to marry."
	Ranma nodded silently. "Judging by his power level, he's just 
above Uncle Krillin's power level before he fought Uncle Vegeta."
	Akane looked bewildered. "What do you, mean?"
	Ranma smiled and shrugged his shoulders. "He's good, the fact he's 
a doctor makes him better."
	"Ranma, when are you going to start training me, I'm totally 
clueless when you start talking power levels, punching at mach ten 
speeds, and having the ability to fly," Akane normally hated to admit 
she was out of her league, but in this case.
	"This weekend, unless something pops up that, changes that," Ranma 
said then felt a tingle as they finish their approach to Furiken High 
School. He glanced at his friends who seemed to have felt, the same 
thing. 
	Akane notice the sudden change in Ranma, then she glanced at the 
school courtyard. She slapped her forehead forgetting what did happen 
prior to Ranma's arrival in her world. "Damnit, I forgot all about 
this!" she said as the first wave boys suddenly appeared.

	Ranma watched as Akane suddenly rushed to meet these guys, he had 
to admit he was impressed and now realized how his fiancee had such a 
high power level. "Hey, Akane how long has this been going on?"
	Akane thought about it while leveling two members of the baseball 
team. "It's been going since school started. This dufus, Tatewaki Kuno 
made this stupid speech, about nobody would be able to date me, unless 
they defeated me in combat."
	"Really," Ranma simply stated then walked up as two more boys went 
down. He then waited until the first wave was cleared away and waited 
until the second wave was in eye shot then touch Akane between the 
shoulder blades causing her to fall forward.
	Akane dropped the ground on her knees with a surprise look on her 
face. "What happened?"
	"I win," Ranma said and smiled turning to the boys who all froze 
in mid stride. They all stood in shock, not only did some new kid get 
past Akane's defenses, he defeated her with a single touch.
	Akane half expected Ranma to help her, not particpate in this 
stupid morning routine. "What do you mean?"
	"Well you said that these guys were fighting you because of 
someone proclaimed that in order to date you, you must be defeated in 
combat, so I figured you might need some relief from these jerks 
pestering you, so I simply beat you," Ranma rationalizing.
	Akane was stunned, it was the simplist solution and she missed it 
the last time. She watched as Ranma turned the other guys who looked 
undecided.
	"But, this is good training, so I don't want to stop it," Ranma 
said quietly to her, then put on his angry face. "Hey, I want you guys 
to continue this fight. If you don't I'll beat the tar out you myself."
	Fear being the great motivator that it is spurred these boys into 
action, and Akane immediately went back into her morning ritual only 
this time the fight was more intense because the boys were fighting her 
out fear of Ranma. She quickly realized how many holes she had in 
defense, because many of the attacks were actually getting through. 
Akane shorten up her attacks, finding herself over extended on many of 
them, which left herself open. By the time the fight was over, the boys 
were on the ground and she was standing clutching her side.

	Ranma walked up next her, and admired her handy work crossing his 
arms almost as if waiting for something, he then watched as a red blur 
fly through the air towards her. Being in no shape to catch the blur, 
because she was seriously hurt. Ranma caught the blur between his index 
and middle finger. He brought it up to his face and saw that it was a 
rose, then he turned to the sound that he heard.
	"Owe, to the heavens as I gaze fondly upon the great beauty, that 
is Akane Tendo," young man that was dressed not in samurai garb as Akane 
thought Kuno would dress in. Instead Kuno was dressed in a brown karate 
gi, white pants, boots, and whit belt. She then heard laughter come from 
the throats of Ranma, Trunks, and Goten. Kuno naturally got angry, his 
threat was not in poetry. "Who dares, mock the Great Tatewaki Kuno. I 
will kill them for that."
	Ranma stopped laughing. "Dressing up like Goten's father in-law, 
spouting poetry does not make you Hercule, like anyone want to be that 
dope," he paused turning to Goten. "No offense, Videl is cool, but her 
father, ugh."
	Goten nodded, "I don't like him either, so why should I be 
offended."
	Kuno seemed to loose it. "Prepare to die!"
	Ranma watched as as Kuno charged him, and when Kuno threw a punch 
at Ranma, Ranma simply stood there. Akane watched as Kuno seemed punch 
and kick straight through Ranma, then spun around to deliver roundhouse 
kick only to be knocked way by apparently air. Kuno went flying and 
slammed into a tree sliding to the ground.

	Ranma opened up a pouch that was tied to his belt and pulled out a 
small green bean and handed to Akane. He smiled softly as Akane looked 
at the bean warily, they were sitting in the nurses office. The nurse 
was not there, of course, so it was just the two of them. Ranma sat on a 
cot opposite to her. "Eat it, it'll heal your injuries, trust me."
	Akane did as she was told and as soon as she swallow the 
surprisingly tasty bean, all the soreness and pain she felt vanished. 
"Wow!"
	Ranma smiled. "See, now lets talk."
	"We're suppose to be in classes, can it wait?" Akane asked.
	Ranma simply shook his head. "Too much distraction, here it's just 
you and me for a little bit," he paused. "Did you make a wish or 
something before I arrived in Nermia?"
	Akane jumped as if shot. Ranma's smiled again leaned forward and 
brought his hands under his chin. "Judging by the reaction, I am right. 
Now tell me what the wish was and what's the story behind it, I'll 
listen," Ranma stated.
	Akane couldn't believe how different Ranma was, and the fact he 
guess that she made a wish was beyond remarkable.

	(The Dark Prince of the underworld was wrapped in a electric 
blanket watching as the termometer dropped another ten degrees. "What 
the 'this place' is going on, it's not possible for things to be this 
remarkable.")

	Akane sighed closed her eyes. "It all started after a second 
failed wedding. I was crying in my room when the Goddess Belldandy 
appeared and offered me a wish. But, I better start at the beginning."
	Akane went through everything that she had witness and the 
realizations she came to after the second failed wedding. She describe 
everything in detail, from meeting Ranma to Saffron and everything in 
between. She didn't know why she was explaining everything, but she felt 
that Ranma needed to know. By the time she was finished, it was 
approaching lunch time. She sat there finishing by telling Ranma the 
wish she had made, she then stared at the floor wondering what Ranma 
must think of her. Her eyes started water at all the held back tears, 
that she held in check before. 
	She then felt someone sit beside her and wrap a comforting arm 
around. "Ranma, I'm sorry," she said drawing back and looking up at him.
	Ranma shook his head and smiled at her. "Don't be, that's a very 
brave thing you just did."
	"You're not mad at me?" Akane asked and felt Ranma wiped the tears 
away.
	"For what, preventing me from getting taken away from my mom by an 
verbally abusive father, trained in an unstable fighting technique, 
engaged five times over, and on top of that placed in a water induced 
curse," Ranma shook his head and smiled. "If anything, I'm greatful."
	"But, now I'm even further out the martial arts loop than I was 
before," Akane sighed sadly.
	Ranma chuckled. "Give me four months, and you would able beat 
almost everybody under the sun," he smiled then they both heard a 
terrible sound.
	"What was that?" Akane asked looking around.
	Ranma blushed slightly, "My stomach it's lunch time," he said 
standing up.
	Akane headed for courtyard with Ranma feeling lighter on her feet 
than she had been in days. <It's amazing I talked to Ranma longer than I 
have done since I met him the first time and it felt wonderful.>

	Akane sat with her friends, Yuka and Sayuri as she normally did 
but she had an uncharacteristic smile on her face. She listened to her 
two friends gossip, while she looked around the school grounds. She 
spotted Ranma, Trunks, and Goten sitting in the bleachers next to the 
baseball field wolfing down their lunch like it was the Last Supper. 
	
	Ranma and company finished eating, then looked around. Trunks 
stood up and stretched a bit. "Hey lets have a triple threat match, 
Super Saiyen style until the bell rings," he suggested.
	Ranma smiled then looked over at Goten who nodded with a dirty 
grin, he didn't notice Nabiki wasn't far away and immediately started 
assembling her crew.
	Ranma and Goten stood up next to Trunks then both jumped with him 
to the middle of the field. They took up positions that put them ninety 
feet a part. Meanwhile Nabiki worked her magic as quickly as she could, 
and a crowd began to gather in the bleachers.

	Akane looked up from her debate with Yuka over hair and saw huge 
crowd gathering in baseball field bleachers. <Ranma, what are you doing 
now?> she asked herself getting up and running to the field. She found 
herself standing next to her older sister. "What's going on, Nabiki?"
	Nabiki simply shrugged. "Trunks, asked Ranma and Goten if they 
wanted to have a triple threat match until the bell rings. It should be 
interesting to find out what that means," Nabiki stated sitting down in 
the chair she reserved. Akane looked at her watch and could tell the 
trio would have a good amount of time to fight, a good thirty minutes. 
She was about to take her seat when the sky suddenly darkened and huge 
electrical storm sprang up.
	Akane heard Hiroshi, shout in awe and fear . "L-Look at that!"
	Akane turned, what she saw reminded her of Ranma's battle with 
Saffron. "What's happening?" she whispered.

	Down in the field Ranma, Trunks, and Goten had spread their legs 
apart to begin their power up to Super Saiyen. The skies danced in the 
embalance the three teenagers brought to the field. Level five tornado 
force winds whipped over the field, the air was electrified by the 
power. Trunks turned first, his purple locks changed to gold shooting 
straight then fanning out and his blue eyes turned green. Goten followed 
as his unruly black hair shot straight up, turning gold, and his coal 
black eyes turning green. Ranma was last, but certainly the most 
impressive his black roguish hair straighten shooting up like the 
others, turning not gold but silver and his blue eyes, went to a deeper 
color blue. To everyone present, the change not only stole their breaths 
but left them frozen in fear.

	Akane couldn't believe the power she was feeling in front of her, 
<What have I done, I turned Ranma into some kind of monster.> Her legs 
went numb and she dropped to the ground, just as the three young men 
went into action.

	The three Super Saiyens flew at each other until they met at the 
center of the triangle then they vanished from normal sight. The only 
one who was watching the match and even then just barely was Akane. The 
match was all over the place, from the ground to the air. It was a true 
triple threat match, sometimes Trunks and Goten would take sides, then 
it flip to Goten and Ranma, or Trunks and Ranma. Punches and kicks were 
being thrown, they were blocked and dodge with fluid grace, needless to 
say the light show created was spectacular and the only thing other 
people saw. But at one point the match was hovering over the bleachers, 
everyone present shouted in fear and ducked watching the intense 
exchange of punches and kicks. It was slowly donning on the crowd 
assembled that they had seen this before and it was Daisuke, Hiroshi's 
companion who stated it.
	"It's the golden fighters from the Cell Games," Daisuke shouted as 
the trio suddenly vanished from above them reappeared above third base.
	Nabiki looked over at Daisuke. "What are you talking about, that 
happen over sixteen years ago."
	Daisuke nodded. "I know that, but those guys could of had kids."
	Nabiki thought about for a second then looked out to the field and 
watched as the trio vanished again, she then heard several explosion 
high over head. She had seen the videos enough times. She closed her 
eyes and began to compare the faces to each of the trio. Trunks looked 
somewhat like like the other purple haired fighter that showed up at the 
Cell Games. Goten reminded her of one of the golden haired fighters that 
was present, the eldest one. That guy was probably Goten's father. But 
it was Ranma's silver hair that peeked her interest. She remembered 
distinctly there was person who underwent a silver haired transformation 
during the Cell Games. She continued to searched her memory of the first 
part of the video.

	Akane sat on the ground silently thinking about all the changes 
that occurred because of the wish she made. Ranma was nicer to her, he 
sounded more socially refined, he didn't put his foot in his mouth, he 
immensily stronger in the martial arts, and he had friends who didn't 
want to kill him. She started into deeper train of thought, when she 
heard her sister gasp. "What's wrong, Nabiki?"

	Nabiki finished running through the brief fights with Hercule and 
his goons in the Cell Games, as she replayed the tournament in her mind. 
The next fighter was brought to the forefront her mind. She almost 
didn't recognize him, he was younger but as soon she played the moment 
that Brad Wall took off his trench coat and vanished from site then 
reappearing long enough to hit Cell in the stomach with his foot. A few 
seconds later she saw Brad power up to Super Saiyen mode. She came out 
of her memories with a gasp, she then heard Akane asked her question 
deeply concerned.
	"Ranma's step father was in the Cell Games," Nabiki stated and the 
entire crowd made a collective gasp. Akane just looked at her sister 
questionably, but kept silent determined to ask Ranma what that meant 
after school.

	Few seconds later the match came to an end when three bodies 
crashed to the ground leaving a three huge holes in the ground. Trunks 
stood briefly trying to say something then collapse, Goten also tried 
but followed Trunks crashing back down. Ranma then stood up and help up 
two fingers and let a killer grin fly. "I win."
	Evrybody in the stands fell down, in typical anime style, Akane 
just sighed and walked over to her fiancee. "I hope you had fun."
	Ranma went back to normal and shrugged. "Always had in the past. 
But the real fun won't start till Saturday, when your training begins," 
he grin slightly as Trunks and Goten brushed themselves and went normal 
standing up just as the bell rung.

Post Chapter note's: I know, I know Akane is severely out of character, 
but after experiencing every she had in the manga's and animes which I 
combined. Plus, Nabiki isn't a merc like she had been in the canon 
series, she's more like Madison from Card Captors, she films or sets ups 
events as a way to help make things more exciting. Notice their were no 
bets being taken. Plus, I hope you like the Kuno/Hercule angle, I'm 
going to poke more fun at DBZ's most annoying character. Oh, Ranma being 
able to transform should be easy to explain, his stepfather simply 
wished it to happen. I also made a tribute to the original dragon ball 
series, with the last paragraphs. If there wasn't Dragon Ball then there 
would be no DBZ or DBGT. The Majin Buu Saga has occurred, but for the 
sake of prolonging my prologues I simply kept Brad and Ranma out of it. 
Since I have no idea what happens in DBGT, I conevently making it 
disappear.       
