Chapter 2
The Engagement

	Morning arrived on the streets of Tokyo, and three figures entered 
the Nermia Ward. The first was male with a page boy haircut colored 
purple, with blue eyes, dressed in grey colored baggy jeans, black tank 
top, olive green colored boots, and a purple Capsule Corporation jacket. 
The second was also male with black hair, that went several different 
directions, had innocent black eyes, he was dressed in a orange and blue 
outfit (If you don't know what Goku's child would wear then you haven't 
been watching DBZ much). The last member of this threesome was delecate 
looking woman with reddish brown hair done in a ponytail, sapphire blue 
eyes, she had sword strapped to her back which through off the peacefull 
looking light blue sun dress she wore. Their names were Trunks Briefs, 
Goten Son, and Nodoka Saotome.
	Nodoka Saotome sighed happily as she and her two charges turned 
the corner. "It's going to be fun seeing Kimiko and Soun again."
	Trunks shrugged. "I guess it's okay for you, but it's sounds 
stupid to me. I mean getting Ranma engaged before he's like thirty."
	Nodoka glared at Trunks. "Don't make me call your mom, Trunks."
	Trunks paled causing Goten to snicker at his friend. "Sorry, 
Auntie Nodoka."
	"That's better," Nodoka smiled turning to consentrate on the road 
ahead of her.

	Akane entered the dining area dressed in her school uniform and 
sat down next to Raye, as they both watched Ranma and Brad get ready for 
their morning sparring session.
	Brad looked at his smuggly. "Ready to get your butt handed to you, 
kiddo."
	"Just bring it, Old timer," Ranma smiled darkly.
	Akane watched as Ranma and Brad stand in classic stances for a 
second then they flew at each other literally. Before they contacted, 
they vanished from sight for a second then launched ten feet into the 
air to start punching, kicking, blocking, and parry the various types of 
combinations that were shown. It was hard for her to track the punches 
and kicks, after a few minutes she couldn't see anything but blurs.
	Raye notice this and spoke up. "Relax your eyes, and feel their 
energy as it moves through the air, it's hard at first but it gets 
easier."
	Akane did what she was told and amazingly she could see each move 
with extreme clarity. "Wow this amazing!"
	Raye smiled. "Yeah, and it's your first step in learning what 
Ranma's going to teach you."
	Akane suddenly wondered what she was getting herself into, the 
wish she made with Belldandy had in the last twelve hours brought her 
mother back to life, changed Ranma's father, and turned Ranma into some 
sort of super powered martial artist. <What else is going to happen, and 
what about our old friends?>

	Brad nailed Ranma sending him crashing to the ground, Brad landed 
and smiled watching as Ranma slowly sit up. "Good, your getting better 
with your control."
	Ranma slowly stood up and with a goofy grin on his face. "Yeah, 
but I still wasn't able to beat you, dad."
	Brad crossed his arms and smirked. "Well, I've been at this longer 
than you have. Not to mention everytime we spar like this my power level 
grows as much as your's does."
	"Oh, it's that Saiyen factor, Uncle Vegeta mentions," Ranma said.
	"Yep, and trust me Vegeta hates to think of us as Saiyens, son," 
Brad chuckled as he and  Ranma heard a knock at the door. Brad smiled at 
Ranma and patted his son shoulder affectionately. He then turned to 
Raye, "Raye, mom is here."
	Raye and Ranma's faces brighten and they both flew toward the 
front door. Akane couldn't help but smile at the happiness she seen in 
their faces. Brad walked up next to her and yawned slightly. "Mr. 
Saotome, what did Ranma talked to you about, last night?"
	"He told me he decided which Tendo girl, he wanted to be engaged 
too," Brad said looking down at her.
	Akane pointed herself. "Me, why me?"
	Brad shrugged looking totally confused himself. "I'm not sure, he 
mention that you knew enough about the art that you could handle most of 
the basic techniques and it would make you easier to train. Plus he said 
you had facial expression that made you look so cute," he paused 
noticing the expression his son thought was cute pasted on Akane's face 
right that second. "He's right you do look cute, when your confused."
	Akane blushed briefly. "Any other reasons he gave you?"
	"Nope, but I can tell he had others he just smart enough not to 
voice them until he's sorted them out himself," Brad stated as Nodoka, 
Trunks, and Goten came into view.
	Akane noted that Nodoka Saotome was not in a kimono that she 
usually wore every time she visited her house before the wish. She also 
notice Nodoka had her hair done in a ponytail, another thing that 
clearly showed that the world Akane was in was completely different from 
the world she came from. Nodoka meanwhile was hugging her two children 
with gusto.
	"It's good to see you again, my darlings," Nodoka smiled hugging 
her children long enough to allow them to feel her love then seperated 
from them, so Ranma can be greeted by his best friends and rivals, also 
to keep Raye from getting embarrassed from the extreme affection. Nodoka 
then walked up to her husband, and slipped into warm embrace. "I missed 
you as much as I missed our children."
	Brad smiled foolishly. "Missed you too, hon. But it's only been a 
month since I took the kids to train with Goku."
	Nodoka mock pouted. "A week is too long, for me," she muttered 
then reached up and they engaged in a bout of some very passionate 
kissing.
	Akane blushed slightly, seeing another surprise almost 
immediately. Genma Saotome never after his and Ranma revealed their 
curse to Nodoka, displayed such affection to his wife in front of 
witnesses. Heck, Akane doubted Genma kissed his wife in private. She 
turned to see if Ranma reacted, she notice he was busy talking to the 
other two young men that accompanied Nodoka to care what his parents 
were doing.
	
	Ranma felt like he was content right now, with his mother here the 
arranged engagement would be finalized, then he can begin to really 
train his fiancee. What he could sense from Akane, was confusion mixed 
with awe in her. He knew only two things that could cause that, a swift 
blow to the head resulting in partial amnesia, or somebody had use the 
dragonballs to grant a wish, or one of Dende's angels did the wish 
granting. If amnesia was the case training her would help jog her 
recollection, if it was a wish of some sort, then the training would 
bring her up to speed with him to help protect herself encase something 
weird happened. He didn't tell his father this, because he didn't want 
his father helping him.
	Ranma glanced at Akane out the corner of his eye and notice she 
was drifting in his direction. <I guess it's time Trunks and Goten, were 
introduced to my fiancee.> He turned his attention to the two Saiyens. 
"Hey, guys what are you doing here anyways, besides escorting my mom?"
	Trunks sighed. "Mom, wanted me to change schools hoping I wouldn't 
start hurting the students. Your mom, suggested I go to the school your 
going to."
	"Same here, only my mom said I better stick to my books or I can't 
spar with dad anymore," Goten said sadly.
	Akane walked up at that moment. "What are you guys, talking 
about?" she half expected Ranma to tell it wasn't her business.
	Ranma smiled. "I asked them what they were doing here," he paused. 
"Turns out they'll be going to the same school as me," he paused again 
this time letting his smile broaden turning to his friends. "Oh, Trunks, 
Goten, like you to meet my fiancee, Akane Tendo."
	Trunks and Goten both let there jaws hang open for a second. 
"Lucky devil," Trunks muttered.
	"Man, it's not fair," Goten stated meekly.
	"It's not official yet, will be after breakfast though," Ranma 
stated.
	"How soon you going, to get married?" Goten asked.
	Ranma glared at Goten, while Akane stood there in shock. "Goten, 
were only sixteen we haven't even finished high school, yet."
	Goten shrugged. "So, my mom and dad married at fifteen. After the 
world martial arts tournament."
	
	Brad notice the anger in his son's eyes, no doubt caused by 
Goten's infuriating naivete. <Like father, like son.> He reluctantly 
left the conversation Nodoka was sharing with their daughter, the Tendo 
daughters, and Soun, to stall Ranma's anger before he slipped into Super 
Saiyen mode.
	He placed a hand on Ranma's shoulder and felt the anger slip from 
his son. "Ranma, take it easy. Now, Goten it's Ranma and Akane's 
decision, not ours let them talk it out."
	Goten nodded looked at Ranma. "Sorry, Ranma didn't mean to get you 
upset."

	Akane sat down next to Ranma as they suddenly became the object of 
instense debate. Kimiko Tendo had brought out breakfast and set down to 
next her husband and Akane. Akane found remarkably more comforting this 
time around with her mother there. She then looked across at Nabiki, 
Kasumi, Raye, and Trunks. Goten sat at the other end with Nodoka and 
Brad sitting next to Ranma. 
	Brad cleared his throat pulling out a stopwatch. "Well, we got 
roughly an hour to eat, and finished the arranged engagement before the 
kids go to school. So lets get down to brass tax, while we five Saiyens 
inhale the food," he chuckled before getting elbowed in the ribs by 
Nodoka.
	Then Brad, Ranma, Raye, Trunks, and Goten literally started 
shuffling food into their mouths. Akane smiled at seeing one thing that 
hadn't changed, <Well, I'm glad some things haven't changed. But, why do 
they constantly use that name when referring to themselves. What's a 
Saiyen?>
	Nodoka spoke up at this point. "Before his death, my husband made 
a pact with you, Soun. That the two anything goes schools would be 
reunited, and my friendship with Kimiko has further strengthen that 
ideal. Last night, Ranma made his choice, and this morning, he made 
perfectly clear that he doesn't want us to determine when he should get 
married," she paused looking to Ranma. "He wishes that his fiancee be 
your youngest Akane. Now, Ranma you must make it official by proclaiming 
it."
	Ranma winced noticiably. "But, I'm extremely nervous, and the only 
one I rehearse this with is Raye."
	Brad glanced. "I know this a big step. It is for anyone, I was 
totally scared spitless when propose to your mother and I didn't have 
anyone to rehearse it with or the luxury of the time to plan it out."
	Ranma sighed. "Yeah, but Raye is such a tomboy and uncute. Akane 
is nei..." he was about to say before a fist slammed into to his cheek. 
	Akane was surprise that it didn't come from her hands, because she 
was to busy trying to puzzle other things out. Instead she saw the fist 
was connected to Ranma's sister.
	"Jerk, I'm cuter than Eighteen," Raye stated anger flashing in her 
eyes.
	"Ranma stop picking on your sister," Brad said in a sigh, but the 
smile couldn't be hidden from his eyes.
	Akane started giggling as Ranma recovered rubbing his cheek. 
"Alright, but she.. ah... oh,... the engagement. I state that I want 
Akane to be my only fiancee," Ranma stated.
	"Very good Ranma, now Akane do you accept the engagement," Nodoka 
stated and all eyes turned to Akane. 
	Akane looked down, remembering how she acted the the first time 
she was engaged to Ranma. She had felt like both of them had been 
cornered, but this situation was different. Ranma was somewhat different 
as well, he still acted similiar to the old Ranma. But all his good 
qualities were on the surface now with a few of his bad. Yet, this is 
the Ranma she wished for, the one who was a nicer person, had none of 
the problems he had before, but she could sense that deadlier ones were 
bound to surface later. It was then that she realized she wanted to be 
there when these problems surface to help in anyway she could, even if 
it was just moral support, she wanted to be there. "Y-yes, I accept."
	Brad smiled. "Well, then. Now that's settled, you all better get 
to school."
	Immediately, all teenagers present grabbed their bags and bolted 
for the door.

Post Chapter note's: Okay the revised version of chapter two is in the 
books. If everybody has spotted the fact that Trunks is dressed like he 
was during the Android Saga, good for you. It's on purpose, you'll find 
out later why. Plus if anyone spotted the catch phrase, you're better at 
spotting things than I am. Now to get serious, I been getting some 
positive mail for my fan fic and it's spurring me on. Tenchi and company 
will soon pop up, as well as a few other anime characters. As for other 
Ranma characters, they'll pop up eventually. 
