Chapter 6
Gathering for the Tournament


	Two puffs of smoke and large popping sound rang out over a grassy 
plain. Ranma quietly picked up the two dyno-caps that housed himself and 
Akane for the past ten months. He put the capsules in their case, he 
then turned to Akane. "Time to head to the tournament," he said then 
both he and Akane ignited in energy and launched into the air.

	Tenchi yawned and sat up in his bed, scratching the top of his 
head. He then turned and gazed down at the figure sleeping next to him. 
He bent down and kissed the cyan haired ex-space pirate on the forehead. 
Her eyes opened and focused on Tenchi's face, they smiled at each other 
softly. "We got two hours before we need to leave for the tournament, 
dear heart," Tenchi said standing and stretching.
	"So what, flying in Ryo-Ohki we'll be there in ten minutes, and I 
can think of a few things we can do in the time allowed," Ryoko said 
slyly.
	Tenchi chuckled. "True, but then we wouldn't have any energy to 
compete in the tournament," he paused sniffing the air and his stomach 
snapped at him. "Besides, Tsunami would kill us if we missed breakfast."
	Ryoko groaned sitting up and teleporting next to Tenchi, dressed 
in a towel carrying the bathing basket. "Well, tell Tsunami I'm taking a 
bath. Be back soon my love," she sated kissing him passionately on the 
lips before teleporting away.
	Tenchi was left behind standing still with an extremely goofy grin 
on his face. It had been over two thousand years since he freed the ex-
space pirate. A lot has happened in those two thousand years, his 
marriage to Ryoko, Ayeka's appointment to Empress of Jurai, Sasami's 
joining with Tsunami, Mayuka's graduations from high school, college, 
and the Galaxy Police Academy. Tenchi had found out by his twenty-second 
birthday, that he wasn't aging. Tsunami told him that his link with the 
Light Hawk Wings and her, prevented him from ever aging. Washu stated 
the same thing to Ryoko and her gems. So in fact Tenchi and Ryoko's 
lives would be unless removed by unnatural means be an eternal one. This 
news was met with some apprehension from Tenchi, especially after he 
lost his father, Mihoshi, Kiyone, and most of all his Grandfather. 
Losing his friends and family made him, value life a whole lot more than 
he had in the past. 
	Tenchi shook himself out of his thoughts of the past, and went to 
the bathroom to begin his morning wake up ritual. After a hefty 
breakfast, Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu, and Tsunami waited while Ryo-Ohki 
transformed into her ship form. Few seconds later Ryo-Ohki took off in 
the direction of the tournament.

	Bradford Wall Saotome sat behind the wheel of a Capsule Corps, 
transport carrier, sitting next to him was Krillin who was cracking his 
knuckles in anticipation. Sitting in the two seats behind Krillin were 
Number 18 and their daughter Marron. Behind them in the empty cargo 
section were Goku, Chi Chi, Gohan, Goten, Videl, and little Pan. Sitting 
in the two seats behind was Nodoka and Raye who was moving about her 
seat anxiously. Raye's eyes were darting about looking outside 
anxiously. Behind them sitting on the otherside of the cargo section 
were Vegeta, Bulma, Trunks, Bra, Yamcha, Oolong, Puar, and Master Roshi.
	"Are we there yet?" Raye asked.
	Brad rolled his eyes then looked back at his daughter, from the 
rearview mirror. "You could of flown there, Raye."
	"I know but, I didn't want to waste the energy I'm going to need, 
in order to beat the pants off of Videl and Eighteen this year," Raye 
smirked.
	Vegeta chuckled. "Cetainly has spirit doesn't she, Wall."
	Brad smiled fiercely. "She get's it honest, between me and her 
mother she has enough spirit to go around."
	"Well, it's going take more than that to beat me," Videl said 
trying to keep Pan from moving around.
	Videl felt a gentle squeeze on her left hand, she looked up and 
made eye contact with her husband. She smiled, before returning her 
attention back to their daughter. "What's the matter, Pan?"
	"Want Grandpa?" Pan whimpered throwing her arms out toward Goku. 
Videl chuckled softly as she let Pan go, who immediately made a bee line 
for her grandfather's lap. The toddler jumped a good foot into the air 
before landing in the middle of Goku's lap. Videl chuckled lightly 
watching as Goku and Pan started playing. 
	Chi Chi also chuckled at her husband and granddaughter's antics. 
It's been five years since the incident involving Majin Buu, and she was 
happy that Goku was now back in her life again. She thanked the Supreme 
Kai daily since that incident, for allowing her husband to rejoin the 
living realm. "Now, Pan don't where your grandfather out to much or he 
won't be able win the tournament."
	"Hmph! There's no way Kakkarot's going to win it this year," 
Vegeta spoke out. "That honor will be mine."
	"With, Ranma, Trunks, Goten, Videl, Eighteen, Gohan, Krillin, 
Piccolo, myself, and Goku in the tournament this year. Your chances are 
very slim, so are mine for that matter," Brad stated then felt someone 
thump him on the back of his head. He glance over his shoulder and saw a 
very angry Raye looking at him. "Yes, princess."
	"You forgot about me and Akane, dad," Raye whined.
	Brad frowned for a second. "I did, I'm sorry short stuff," he 
smiled teasing his daughter.
	Raye's face redden then she jumped up at her father. "Ooh, I'm 
going to get you!" she snapped.

	Ryoko was watching the ocean as it passed underneath her. When she 
looked up, she saw one of the strange capsule made vehicles flying in a 
strange flight pattern heading toward the tournament grounds. "Drunk 
already," she mumbled just shaking her head. "I thought you were suppose 
to get drunk during the event not before."

	Brad barely managed to regain control of the carrier after his 
daughter pounced on him. <Jeez, can't take a little teasing.> he thought 
looking out at the horizon seeing the island that would host the World 
Martial Arts Tournament. Brad couldn't contain his smile as he aimed the 
carrier for the island. That same smile was reverberated to every other 
fighter in the carrier, a smile that could only be duplicated by a 
shark, one anticipating the thrill of a fight and nothing more. Those 
that were with these individuals all over the area would say they would 
hate to be in the shoes of the opponent that faced these smiles. 
	It was Trunks who summed it all up in one beautiful word. "Sweet."
	Let the tournament begin.

Post Chapter Note's: There you go everything about the Tenchi gang was 
explained, Mihoshi and Kiyone, are dead, Sasami is now joined with 
Tsunami, Ayeka is the Empress of Jurai, if people don't know if Mayuka 
is alive or dead, she's alive, as for the reason why, watch the second 
Tenchi for details. As for this train of thought with Tenchi and Co., 
it's rather easy. I purposely put Ranma and Co. in the DBZ universe, 
which is in the future, while I left Tenchi and Co in the past and 
simply let time take care of itself. Quite ingenius if you ask me.
This is the end of Starting Over Saga, next up is the Starting Over-
Tournament Saga- Women's Division.
I'm treating this much like DBZ, I'm splitting things up into there own 
mini-sagas to better tell the story. It's still Starting Over, just 
taking to another level.    
   
