Chapter 1
Here Comes Ranma,
what again?

	Brad Wall Saotome, his stepson Ranma and daughter Raye were 
hovering just above the outskirts of the Nermia Ward of Tokyo. Each of 
them were dressed almost alike, except Brad was wearing a black leather 
trench coat and gloves with the fingers missing. They all wore black and 
red (remember the two prologues, clothing style hasn't change for Brad 
and his kids have adopted the same style). 
	Ranma turned to his father with a look of irritation in his eyes. 
"I can't believe your agreeing with this whole fiancee thing, that Genma 
and mom arranged."
	Brad sighed and crossed his arms. "Trust me Ranma. I argued for 
you until I'd turned blue in the face, but your mother wouldn't budge. 
So your going to have to grin and bare it, kiddo."
	Raye snickered a bit before Ranma gave a mean glare. "What, It's 
not my fault mom's old fashion."
	Ranma grumbled turning back to look at the street below. "I just 
hope they're not ugly."
	Brad smiled softly. "I doubt you can get ugly from beauty unless 
Mrs. Tendo dropped those three girls on their faces when they were 
five," he stated.
	"Why? Have you met the Tendos, dad?" Raye asked.
	Brad nodded. "Yep, they're a very nice family. They would do 
anything for you," he said pulling out a map of the ward and flew up 
higher to get a better look at the area. Ranma and Raye followed him, 
looking over his shoulder as he trace the streets until he came to a red 
circle. He smiled putting the map away. "Let's go."

	Akane Tendo sat quietly in her room staring across at her mirror 
that right now held the image of the Goddess of the Present, Belldandy 
instead of her own image. She was dressed in her martial arts gi. "So, 
what about the wish?" she asked.
	Belldandy smiled. "It has been granted, you'll meet Ranma and his 
father shortly although it won't be Genma at the door. Plus there is no 
curse, no Neko-Ken, and no multiple fiancee's."
	Akane's eyes widen a bit. "Really, but what about Ranma is he the 
same person, that he was when he arrived."
	Belldandy shook her head. "His new father trained him in the art 
of anything goes as well as Kamesinsin. He's not as sheltered socially 
as he had been with Genma, he has a half sister, and his thoughts toward 
the opposite sex is one of respect, because of what his step father went 
through after Ranma was born involving a female android."
	Akane thought for a second, she realized many of the things that 
made Ranma unique had been changed. One he had been macho, discriminated 
the opposite sex, insensitive, perverted, and a just plain jerk. "How 
much of his original personality is still there?"
	"A lot actually, his sense of fairness, his blind loyality, and 
his compassion. You'll see it for yourself shortly, you'll even meet his 
friends tomorrow morning," Belldandy smiled softly. "Ranma is also 
somewhat a romantic and I believe he like the counterpart you knew, will 
love you for who you are, Akane. I'll be keeping an eye on you, but we 
won't meet again, goodbye, Akane."
	Akane's throat caught when she heard the last part Belldandy said. 
"He loved me," she paused remembering what happened in China, when Ranma 
fought Saffron. She realized Ranma almost said it there. "I loved him, 
too."
	Then she heard a voice she never thought she ever would here from 
again, she heard her mother's voice. "Kasumi, Nabiki, Akane, come down 
to the dining area. You're father and I have something to tell you."
	Akane's heart froze in wishing that voice had been real, when it 
didn't repeat her heart sunk. Her door opened a few minutes later and a 
woman Akane hadn't seen since she was five walked in. Akane's heart 
skipped a beat and her eyes started to water. "M-M-Momma."
	Kimiko Tendo frowned slightly as her youngest daughter suddenly 
started crying. Kimiko immediately walked up to her daughter and was 
glomped into a fierce hug. "What's wrong, Akane dear?" she asked 
concerned.
	Akane needed to cover up her strange behavior. "I just woke up 
from a terrible nightmare, that you died of cancer when I was little."
	Kimiko smiled softly. "I almost did, Akane. Don't you remember. If 
it wasn't for friends like Brad and Goku, collecting the dragonballs and 
wishing that the cancer I had would be cured. So, here I am, now let's 
go downstairs. Your father and I have announcement that's very important 
to the family's future."
	Akane unwrapped her arms from around her mother's waist and 
followed her down the stairs. They appeared in the dining area, Akane 
saw Kasumi and Nabiki seated both dressed very differently then they 
normally dressed. Kasumi was dressed in jeans and tank-top, her hair was 
down, but the gentleness in her eye's was still there. Nabiki was 
dressed pretty much way she had upon Ranma's first arrival orange 
tanktop and shorts, but she also notice there was no mercenary gleam in 
Nabiki's eyes. Her father was the biggest surprise. Soun Tendo was 
dressed in a dress shirt and slacks, his hair was cut short and his 
bushy mustache was gone. She could also sense more confidence in him 
before then she had in her past. Shortly afterward she and her mother 
sat down, the announcement was made and Akane made the same complaints 
she remembered the engagement had been annouced using her acting skills 
to hide this fact. She heard Kasumi and Nabiki also protest and more 
forcibly then she had.
	"Mom, did you forget that I'm engaged to Dr. Tofu." Kasumi stated 
showing the engagement ring.
	Kimiko blushed slightly. "I'm sorry Kasumi, I did forget," she 
said turning to Nabiki and Akane.
	Nabiki sneered briefly. "Can't we wait until until we meet this, 
guy."
	Kimiko nodded and looked at Akane a pleading look entering her 
eyes. Akane gave a reluctant nod, although she was inwardly she was 
happy.

	A few minutes later there was a knock on the front door, Kimiko 
stood up and went to answer the door. Akane heard a pleasent exchange of 
hello's and heard Ranma's voice among them as well as a strange female 
voice and a deep older male. Seconds later her mother returned escorting 
Ranma, which she recognized easily, a white male a full head taller than 
everybody else present, and exotic looking girl with long raven black 
hair and dark eyes. All three wore the same black and red outfit. Akane 
could also sense a incredible power that would put Cologne and Happosai 
to serious shame. She watched as the Saotomes take seatsis  across from 
her and her sisters. Ranma sat directly across from Akane and seemed to 
be annoyed about something.
	"So Brad how was your trip?" Soun Tendo asked.
	Brad shrugged. "It was okay, I suppose you told the girls about 
the agreement."
	Kimiko nodded. "Yes, but only two of my daughters are open to the 
arrangement. Kasumi is already engaged to the local doctor."
	Brad chuckled lightly. "Marrying, a doctor. Congratualations, 
Kasumi I hope you'll be happy."
	Kasumi smiled bowed slightly. "Thank you, Mr. Saotome."
	Ranma meanwhile sat with his eyes pointed at the table waiting for 
his dad to place him in the hot seat. He was annoyed, bored, and worried 
about this whole thing. He glanced over at Raye who seemed to be happy 
with the world right now, she had huge smile on her face as their father 
exchange pleasantries with the Tendos. <She only has that smile on her 
face because she knows how much this arrange marriage stuff bugs me.> he 
thought.

	Brad glanced down at his son and notice how miserable he was, he 
smiled briefly. "Ranma, why don't you go to the dojo and let some steam 
off before you blow the Tendo's house up. The whole arrangement won't 
take place until your mom gets here tomorrow," he stated and notice the 
immediate change in his son's mood. Ranma looked up at him and let loose 
his killer smile. He vanished from sight for a second, when he 
reappeared he was standing and literally flew toward the dojo. "I knew 
that cheer him up," Brad smiled broadly.
	Akane and Raye got up ran after him. Akane was in shock, she saw 
Ranma partially vanish from sight then fly toward the dojo. She wondered 
what other changes had occured because of her wish.

	Brad watched the trio as they entered the dojo then turned to the 
remaining Tendos and cleared his throat to get their attention. "Now 
while were waiting for Nodoka. I need to understand more about what's at 
stake."

	Ranma was going through some basic slow moving katas, when he came 
out of them he turned to his sister and the youngest Tendo daughter. "So 
what about it spark plug, want to spar?" he sneered at Raye.
	Raye snarled at him, but stayed put. "Don't call me that, sausage 
brain and you know I'm on my period."
	Akane stared at Raye then at Ranma. "What does having PMS, got to 
do with sparring?"
	Ranma smiled slightly. "Well, Dad found out thanks to Auntie 18. 
That powering up during PMS causes severe cramps, so he told Raye when 
she started her periods that she can't spar while under it's influence. 
Mom, agrees with him."
	Akane smiled. "Well, I'm not on my period. So, can I spar with 
you?"
	Ranma looked at her seemily judging her capabilites. "Well, you 
have the power level. But, do you know how to power up?"
	Akane gave a blank look. "Uh. What's powering up?" she asked half 
expecting Ranma to make one of his insults about tomboys not knowing 
anything. Instead she saw Ranma smile brightly.
	Ranma smiled and turned to Raye. "Finally," he immediately left 
the dojo and flew over to the dining area to talk to his father.
	Akane looked to Raye. "What was that about?"
	"Well, I'm not sure. It involves some wish dad made when he was 
here last, as I recall it was right after the wish to heal your mom of 
cancer," Raye replied.
	Ranma returned the smile even brighter this time. "Nevermind, the 
powering up thing just attack me."
	Akane shrugged, "Just don't dodge anything I throw at you."
	Ranma sighed, "Don't worry I'm not the typical male pig, who 
doesn't believe in hitting girls."
	Raye snickered, "Besides the last time he tried that act, dad 
introduced him to Auntie Bulma."
	"Did she hit him?" Akane asked.
	"No, but spent two days yelling at me and telling me how much of 
insensitive jerk I was. By the end of the first day I was willing to 
commit seppuku," Ranma shuddered. 
	Akane almost laughed at the picture it was presenting. "Do you 
have picture of your aunt?"
	Ranma nodded handing her small group picture. "Auntie Bulma is the 
small blue haired woman standing behind me."
	Akane looked at the woman, she found it hard to believe the 
beautiful woman smiling in the picture was the same person Ranma 
described. She also saw five other beautiful women, she recognized her 
mother and Mrs. Saotome in the picture, and her father. She also notice 
how young Ranma was in the picture. "When was this taken?"
	"Just after the world martial arts tournament, when I was ten. My 
buddies Trunks and Goten are standing next to me. I beat them both in 
the juniors tournament, and was crowned junior world champ," Ranma 
sighed happily. "I had a lot fun."
	Akane took this distraction and made her move. She kicked at Ranma 
who caught her foot, she spun about to try a back kick only to be 
flipped. She landed on her stomach knocking the wind out of her. Akane 
looked up at him, in surprise. He bent down and gently picked her up, 
his smile melted any complaints she had. "Guess I lost, huh?"
	"Yeah, but nice technique. It would of worked if you hadn't 
telegraph it by raising your power level before attacking," Ranma said 
explaining what caused her to loose.
	"Can you help me then?" Akane asked.
	Ranma nodded, "Let me think about it."

	Brad smiled slightly watching the duo's exchange, he then stood up 
and walked up the stairway toward the bathroom. <Tomorrow, is going to 
be a busy day.>


Post Chapter Note's- Welcome to the revised version of Starting Over: 
Chapter 1, in this first of many post note's I am going to say to 
anybody who thinks Ranma+Akane fan fics suck it's time for you to leave 
the story now, because I'm so pro Ranma and Akane, they are the intended 
Rumiko Takahashi couple for Ranma 1/2. Now to point out a few things, 
the dragon ball wish cure for Kimiko Tendo's cancer is no doubt going to 
be scrutinized, so I'll explained. The dragon balls can grant a wish if 
it's within the power of the guardian to the earth. Well, Dende is the 
current guardian and he has the power to heal, so therefore it's 
plausible. If your wondering what the Sailor Scouts are doing in this 
world, you'll be surprised what I have in store for them, 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
