Chapter 4
Akane's Training Begins

	For Akane, the rest of the week was a quiet one, minus the many 
attacks on her in the morning by the guys. Kuno would naturally follow 
them up, by trying to attack Ranma and failing miserably. She watched 
one day as Kuno lunge at Ranma from above jumping from a tree, only to 
miss and crash into the ground. Then the weekend began, and she woke up 
around eight ate breakfast, then went to the dojo. She found Ranma 
wating there for her, sitting in the middle of the dojo meditating. She 
also saw Ranma's father quietly sweeping the dojo floor. "Good morning, 
Mr. Saotome," she smiled.
	Brad looked up and returned the smile. "Morning Akane, Ranma 
should be finished shortly," he paused then placing the broom against 
the wall and walked over a corner picked up a strangely designed 
backpack. He picked up a pair of red arm bans, black pants matching the 
ones he and Ranma wore. "Here pick out an old t-shirt, then put these on 
with them."
	Akane stared at it for a second then grabbed them. As soon as the 
red arm bans were in her hands she was flunged to the floor. "These 
things are heavy."
	Brad's smile widen. "They only weigh about twenty pounds each."
	"Twenty pounds!" Akane shouted.
	"You've lifted heavier, right?" Brad asked going back over to the 
broom.
	"Yeah, but I don't wear them. What's the point to them?" Akane 
asked picking herself up.
	Brad yawned a bit. "The point to them is simple, the more you wear 
them, the more your speed increases and your body toughens up. That's 
the turtle hermit secret to martial arts training, right now I wear a 
fifty ton trench coat, five-hundred pound red under shirt, hundred pound 
wrist bans, and fifty pound boots."
	"How can you walk, with all that stuff on? I'm surprised you 
haven't been crushed," Akane said staring at him in shock.
	"Ranma, will explain it to you when he finishes his meditations," 
Brad said twirling the broom like a staff and started walking out.
	"Where's Trunks and Goten?" Akane asked.
	"Went home to begin training for the World Martial Arts 
Tournament, they gave permission slips to their teacher yesterday. Ranma 
put in both of yours too," Brad trying to suppress a yawn turned to 
Akane and saw shocked expression. "You got ten months, Ranma will get 
you ready for it in time."
	"But with martial artist like Ranma, Trunks, and Goten in it how 
can I possibly get far in it," Akane stated then watch Brad's face 
darken somewhat. "What's wrong?"
	Brad shook himself mentally. "Nine years ago, the finals in the 
tournament came down to Hercule and Number Eighteen. Eighteen took a 
dive to keep her family and us out the spotlight, and keep Hercule's 
reputation as the world's savior intact. There was just one minor 
problem, many of the Tournament backer's are sexist, they banned woman 
from entering all the tournaments following that one," he paused and 
smiled at Akane's reaction. "Bunch of jerks, huh."
	Akane nodded. "Reminds me of that creep, Happosai."
	"He was the head backer of the Tournament until two years ago. 
Nodoka and our Amazon friends approached Hercule, and they asked him to 
help them buy out the sponsorship," Brad chuckled slightly. "He agreed 
to help them."
	Akane was slightly surprised. "Did he do it on his own, or did he 
get persausion?"
	"Smart girl, Akane. His daughter and granddaughter were pestering 
him for months afterward about the stupid boycott on female fighters, he 
gave in," Brad smiled. "Nodoka, Hercule, and Amazon elder Cologne walked 
into the main office and ejected Happosai."
	"Painfully I hope," Akane muttered.
	"After Happosai's removal, Hercule and Cologne seperated the 
tournament into three division's youth, adult, and female," Brad smile 
took on a shark like appearance. "This year is the 15th anniversary of 
the Cell Games, and I intend to be there. Gohan gave me the inside 
scoop, this year's World Martial Arts Tournament will be the biggest 
ever. The youth tournament will have the big eight format. The Female 
Tournament will have the same, and the finalists of those two will be 
put in as part of the Main Event."
	Akane decided she liked that idea, ran over to Ranma and started 
shaking him. "Come on, Ranma times a wasting."
	Brad smiled then left the dojo. "Those two are made for each 
other."

	Ranma held Akane as they flew over of the ocean, she was now 
wearing a loose fitting plain white t-shirt, the black pants, red wrist 
bans, and boots. Ranma explained to her that they would be going to the 
island that Goku and Krillin had recieve their training when they were 
kids. Before they left, Ranma decided to give Akane a little sneak peek 
of the competition she would be facing in the tournament. He showed her 
videos, of the Cell Games and all the tournaments afterward. He saw how 
big eyed she became watching Goten and Trunks going at it in the 
tournament that occurred seven years after the Cell Games.
	Akane was a little apprehensive that she could be good enough to 
fight in the Tournament. Yet, she was going to do everything in her 
power to get ready and make it to at least the semi-final round in the 
female division. 

	Ranma and Akane landed on the island, Ranma pulled out a small 
smooth silver metal case. He opened it and it held five small capsule's 
inside, he pulled out two of the bigger ones and pushed down on the 
buttons at the top of them. He then toss them to ground to reveal two 
large buildings.
	"Ah, home away from home, and the gravity chamber," Ranma said 
turning to her and smiled. "Okay, it's too late in the day to begin 
training, so I'll lead you through the training schedule and you can 
start it tomorrow."
	Ranma and Akane ran five miles to the Milk goat's house. Akane 
waited while Ranma talked the walking talking animal, after a brief 
exchange of words the goat nodded and went inside. Ranma returned and 
began to explain the training schedule, as they walked through a grassy 
plain. "First, we'll get up four thirty in the morning, you'll go to the 
milk man's house and pick up two milk crates and start delivering milk 
to every house on the island before breakfast," he paused for a second. 
"You'll be skipping the entire five miles from our place to the milk 
man's door, then you'll jog to a crop of trees, where you'll zig zag 
through them to the base of the mountain. From there you'll climb to the 
peak and cross over a gorge, then through a river by a waterfall. After 
that your pretty much done, so you can hop foot it home and trust me you 
will be running."
	"Is that it?" Akane asked hopefully.
	Ranma gave her a sour expression. "Nope that's early morning 
training, after breakfast you start mid-morning training, which is 
agriculture. There are over hundred farms on this island and you'll 
getting them ready, using your bare hands."
	Akane sighed sadly as they walked toward a lake. She suddenly 
wondered what she got herself into.
	"After lunch you'll do construction work, until about two. Then 
you'll come to this lake and do about thirty laps," Ranma said stopping 
and turned to her.
	Akane paled slightly. "But, I told you before I can't swim."
	Ranma then smiled and it wasn't the type of smile Akane liked. He 
then pulled out her swimsuit and pointed to grove of bushes. She took 
the swimsuit and stalked off into the bushes grumbling. She emerge few 
minutes later, she then walked up to the lake shore. "Okay, now get in 
the water."
	Akane did so then clinged to the side of the shore, she looked up 
and notice Ranma hadn't changed. "Aren't going to help me?"
	Ranma shook his head. "Actually, no, he is," he said then pointed 
to her right.
	Akane followed his finger until her eyes settled on to pointed fin 
heading straight for her. 
"AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!SHARK!!!!!!!!" she screamed and took 
off 
for the opposite shore. Few seconds later she came back and jumped onto 
the shore, and ran straight for Ranma. "Ranma, you jerk. I thought you 
would be different, than your old self."
	Ranma just stared at her and shrugged. "You swam didn't you?"
	Akane froze and dropped her arms feeling like she could cry. "I'm 
sorry, Ranma. It's just this is one of things that reminded me of a lot 
of the all the stuff I went through."
	Ranma smiled softly. "I know you can do these things, Akane. It's 
just that you need the right motivation. If I don't you could be 
seriously hurt in that tournament, and that's something I could not 
stand to see."
	Akane returned his soft smile and hugged him. "Thanks, Ranma."
	Ranma coughed slightly. "Now, after the thirty laps racing sharky, 
you'll come home and we'll start another type of training," Ranma pulled 
out a small gray booklet that Akane recognized. "This training session 
your mom came up with. It's to give you the ability to be patient."
	"How's learning to cook, going to help practice patience?" Akane 
asked.
	Ranma opened the book. "Each of these recipes are like martial 
arts techniques, if you do them right they become graceful and flawless. 
If you do them wrong, it's just sloppy and can hurt you as well as your 
opponent," he paused reading the book briefly. "Ooh, I wonder if mom can 
do these," he said drooling.
	Akane sighed shaking her head looking up at the setting sun and 
accepted her fate. "How long do we have to do this?"
	"You'll do this for four months dressed in the stuff you came in 
and the backpack with the eighty pound weights, while I'll be in the 
gravity room. When four months are done, you'll be joining me and we'll 
be sparring in their for another four months," Ranma paused pulling out 
a black tunic and red under shirt. "Where you'll be dressed like me, the 
under shirt is double the weight of the backpack."
	Akane grimaced. "That don't sound good."
	"It won't be, especially when the gravity in the room will be at 
hundred times Earth's gravity," Ranma replied then notice Akane's face 
pale. "Trust me Akane, when everything is finished you'll be on even 
terms with me."
	"You positive?" Akane asked.
	"Of course, plus," Ranma paused. "You have the spirit of the 
phoenix within you."


Post Chapter note's: Another tribute to the original Dragon Ball, and 
Ranma certainly has a lot of confidence in Akane don't he. As for the 
first part of the chapter and the conversation between Akane and Brad 
where Brad was yawning a lot. Two things could of cause that, one would 
lead to a lemon side story, but I won't write it, the second is the fact 
that I've never been a morning person and wrote my counterpart as being 
the same. But I have no qualms with a lemon side story, between Brad and 
Nodoka, if it's in good taste, but ask before getting ideas. Now, the 
little joke with the shark, is vintage DB, plus if your wondering where 
Ranma got Akane's swimsuit, let's just say her mother gave it to him, 
prior to them leaving.            
