Chapter 5
The Transformation

	Deep in the Okhama mountains, a green figure dressed in purple and 
white slowly landed in front of a shrine. Piccolo had been there as 
Demon Lord Piccolo, long before he met Goku and the others. He looked 
around a little apprehensive, stretching out his senses waiting for 
something. Then out of no where a figure dressed in red and black 
appeared with an energy sword at the ready.
	"Who ever you are, your tresspassing," Ryoko stated hovering above 
Piccolo, who kept his face neutral.
	"I'm looking for Yosho Kashurito," Piccolo replied.
	Ryoko was slightly annoyed. "He passed away two years ago, were 
you a friend of his?"
	Piccolo shook his head, keeping his face neutral. "No, an old 
enemy returning to apologize for his past sins."
	Ryoko dropped to the ground just as Tenchi appeared running up to 
them, she smiled slightly at his appearance. "Ryoko, what's going on?"
	"This guy came here for your granddad," Ryoko said.
	Tenchi stared at the Namek questionably, then sadden a bit. 
Piccolo felt sympathy for the young man. "Your grandfather and I were 
enemies from a long time ago, I came here to tell him, I had a change of 
heart and to tell him that he was right."
	Tenchi stood there rooted to the ground for a second until, Ryoko 
nudge him. "Thank you for telling me, I'm truly sorry that my 
grandfather was unable to live long enough to meet with you again. I 
accept any apology that he may have been given."
	Piccolo nodded turning toward the lake below. "I was also going to 
ask if he wanted to fight me one last time."
	Tenchi narrowed his eyes. "How?"
	"The World Martial Arts Tournament takes place in nine months, and 
I was going to ask him, if he wanted to take part," Piccolo floated up 
turning back to Tenchi. "Would you like to take his place?"
	Tenchi thought for a second. "Yes, I'll compete if anything it 
would be for my grandfather's memory."
	"I'll see you there in nine months, if you can get past the youth 
round that is," Piccolo smiled flying away.
	Ryoko looked confused. "Is there anyway I can get involved?"
	Tenchi didn't say anything instead he went back to the shrine. 
Ryoko quietly followed him wondering what she could do to help.

	Akane stared at Ranma as if he had grown horns. <What did he mean 
by the spirit of the phoenix?> she thought. "Say that again?"
	"The Spirit of the Phoenix is what that oversized bloated bird you 
told me about last week, represented," Ranma sighed. "You were the last 
person the phoenix imprinted upon before you and the others started 
shoving pills down it's throat."
	Akane nodded thinking back to the whole incident. "I guess your 
right."
	"Well, believe it or not you now have the spirit of the phoenix 
inside you. This training schedule I'm putting you through will prepare 
you for the next step," he said walking into the capsule house. Akane 
followed him quickly looking impatient.
	"What's the next step?" she asked.
	"Well, you've seen Trunks, Goten, and I transform into Super 
Saiyens, well the transformation you'll go through will be simliar to 
it," Ranma paused heading toward one of the rooms. "Now, get some sleep 
because tomorrow you start training."
	Akane accepted this and went to the room opposite the one Ranma 
disappeared into. As she laid down she thought of the things Ranma said 
and wondered if he was right about everything, and a part of her prayed 
it wasn't true.

	Eight months came and went quickly for all the fighters in the 
world training for a shot at the greatest prize of them all. In hills 
where the Son's reside Goten, Gohan, Videl, little Pan, and Goku trained 
hard preparing themselves. At the Capsule Corporation main building 
Vegeta trained with his son. On Roshi's Island Number Eighteen and 
Krillin were training hard. At the Masaki Shrine, Tenchi trained inside 
Washu's Sub Space dimension with Ryoko. Piccolo was mediating up on 
Kami's lookout. Brad Wall Saotome was inside the gravity room at the 
Saotome residence training with his daughter and her new friends Serena, 
Amy, Lita, and Mina. Then there was Ranma and Akane who finished 
training inside the gravity room Ranma brought with them.

	Meanwhile, a dark figure appeared in a cave littered with 
computers and various other types of equipment. The figure wore dark 
green robes and had mossey green hair. Holding up one hand a light, 
appeared and floated up to bathe the cavern in a green light. Kagato 
smiled at the equipment before him, then glanced over his shoulder at 
three human bodies (Ryoga, Mousse, and Kuno) as he dragged them in with 
him. He then pulled out a small bag, when opened it held all seven 
dragonballs. "Soon, I'll have my revenge Ryoko, for stranding me on this 
pitiful backwater planet. With these balls, I'll turn the World Martial 
Arts Tournament into a blood bath." he laughed wickedly. "Plus, I'll 
partially resurrect three of the most powerful and evil monsters this 
planet as ever known."

	Ranma stood off to the side of the gravity room, watching Akane 
stand in the center consentrating on something. "Now, Akane focus your 
energy while thinking about your hopes and dreams. Think about your 
future and the brightness it holds. Bring it out let it be your tool to 
bring you to a whole new level of abilities that wait for you to be 
unleashed."
	Akane closed her eyes and focused on all things she dreamed of, as 
she did she felt something deep down trying to crawl to the surface. A 
fiery brillance she that made her want to shun it for fear it would burn 
her. Then she refocused on one hope that had come true, Ranma was with 
her and with none of the distractions that had been there before no 
scheming Ukyou, no Shampoo threatening to kill her, no Happosai glomping 
her, no Ryoga threatening to kill Ranma for being cursed, and above all 
she had her mother again. The light of hope now swelled brightly in her, 
where there only been a flicker. With this realization the brillance 
that she shunned at first, now she embraced.
	Ranma from his position saw the light of the phoenix at first 
flicker, now watched as Akane exploded in blinding radiance from the 
fires of hope and love. "That's it Akane, you did it."
	Akane's transformation looked remarkably like that of the super 
saiyens, minus the scream of rage. Akane had been quiet throughout the 
transformation, the only sound was a lengthy explosion followed by the 
appearance of the phoenix shooting up behind her then engulfing her in 
flames. Her hair shot straight up like a saiyens only instead of golden 
hair her's changed to crimson red, and her eyes changed to orange. 
	Ranma smirk as Akane came back to herself. "Now for this last 
month, we'll spar in our super forms, ready?"
	Akane smirked back and slid easily into a ready stance. She then 
watched as Ranma transformed into his super saiyen mode and charged at 
her.


Post Chapter note's: Yosho's death will be explained and the other 
member's of Tenchi's group whereabouts will be explained as well. I 
might as well say this now, I'm also pro Tenchi+Ryoko fan fics as well 
as Ranma+Akane, I tried to keep Tenchi as close to character as 
possible, but as for Ryoko, she has changed and you'll more about why 
later. From chapter six to whatever, will be called Starting Over- World 
Tournament Saga. You can basically tell what the following chapters will 
be about, Kagato's role is very crucial to the up coming chapter's as 
well as the Sailor Scouts who have already been introduced, oh and Raye 
was already a Sailor Scout at the beginning of the fic. Ayeka fans will 
hate me for this, but she won't appear, niether will Sasami, Mihoshi, or 
Kiyone, it will be explained though. Mayuka will appear, it's a must 
naturally considering she's Tenchi's daughter. Till next time.    
