Chapter 9
Kagato's Gambit

	Akane exploded in a fiery brillance, and the phoenix surrounded 
her body. Her hair went straight up, turning red and her changed into 
brillant orange glow. The Z-fighters were all staring on in shock, as 
the Tendo girl hovered silently above the stadium thinking to herself. 
Goku and Vegeta looked at each other before returning their gaze 
skyward.
	Akane then swept down at a blinding speed, Eighteen barely had 
time to put up a defense before the Tendo girl slammed an incredibly 
strong kick into her side, the block however did little to protect the 
blonde beauty as she went flying into walkway area leading to the ring, 
basically she was declared out by the judges. "Winner, Akane Tendo!" the 
ring announcer stated.
	
	From darker regions of the tournament grounds, Kagato looked on 
and was surprised by Akane's transformation. "Hmm, this is going to be a 
little more difficult than I anticipated. Gentlemen, our plans have 
changed, instead of waiting until the main tournament to reveal 
ourselves, it may be prudent to begin after this last match."
	
	"You better explain this kiddo," Brad stated crossing his arms 
staring at his stepson.
	Ranma chuckled nervously. "It's difficult to explain dad, but 
Akane was given those powers when a baby phoenix imprinted upon her."
	Brad was about to more when something sparked in his chi sense. 
"It's not possible."
	"What's wrong dad?" Ranma asked when he felt it. "Man, what was 
that it's massive?"
	The other Z-fighters began to tense, as they all picked up 
something dreadful. Akane entered the waiting area hardly believing she 
actually defeated Number 18, when she felt the same thing the Z-fighters 
were feeling, she looked up and saw Raye talking into some kind watch.

	Videl and Ryoko were standing in the middle ring but were not 
focusing on there opponent. "Alright whoever you are, come out," Ryoko 
hissed.
	"Really, Ryoko all you had to was ask," a deep voice stated just 
before menacing figure appeared out of green ball of light.
	Ryoko gasped in shock. "I-It's not possible, I saw Tenchi kill 
you."
	"My dear, you should know by now that I can create numerous 
shadows of myself," Kagato snickered a bit just as the Z-fighters 
suddenly dropped to the ring floor, Akane and Number 18 also appeared 
from the waiting area. Tenchi also appeared dressed in his Light Hawk 
Armor. "It seems you've made some powerful allies in the last two 
thousand years Ryoko."
	Just then three shadowy figures dropped down behind Kagato and 
discarded their cloaks. Akane gasped trying to keep the shock from her 
eyes but failing miserably. Standing behind Kagato, were three people 
she once known as friends in her world, but now they had been greatly 
altered. To her, these three had been apart of the Nermia Wrecking Crew, 
named Ryoga Hibiki, Tatewaki Kuno, and Moose.
	Akane noted each individual by the name her companions had given 
them. Ryoga had been encased in grayish armor covered him completely, 
his eye's had changed from black to red, he had been given a lizard like 
tail, and his feet looked more like talons than toes. 
	Vegeta snarled at Ryoga in hatred. "Frieza."
	Ryoga smiled coldly. "You remember me, Vegeta I'm pleased."
	Next was Moose, gone were remotely human looks, his skin was of a 
pink texture, his hair was gone in it's place was a single antenna. His 
robes were also gone and replace with pair of baggy white pants, black 
shoes, and a pair of wrist bans. He also held himself like child, with 
no intelligence on displayed.
	"How is this possible, Majin Buu is standing right over there?" 
Goku said pointing to a little dark skin boy, dressed simliarly to Moose 
only the kid held himself better.
	"True, but the very essence of his evil is now inside my 
creation," Kagato explained.
	Last was Kuno who looked like he was dressed in insect armor 
instead of the brown gi, white pants. Instead of taking the persona of 
Hercule, he had taken the look of his greatest adversary (this whole 
sentence can be desribed in loose terms). "Ready for round three boy."
	Gohan glared at Kuno with malice. "Anytime your ready Cell!"
	"Amazing what those seven little balls can when used properly, 
don't you think. With the miracle of the dragonballs and the android 
molds of Doctor Gero I was able to bring back your most powerful 
enemies, I even made them stronger," Kagato chuckled.
	The Z-fighters, Tenchi, Ryoko, and Akane all powered up, as did 
Majin Buu, Cell, and Frieza. Then out of no where a huge spaceship 
appeared above the the ring and a small shaft of light landed in between 
the two groups. When the light vanished Mayuka Masaki in her Light Hawk 
armor and Sailor Pluto were standing ready to help there friends. 
Shortly after that Sailor Moon and the Sailor Scouts also appeared. 
Kagato frowned deeply at the sight of Mayuka Masaki.
	"So Ryoko, you and your toy manage to have an offspring in my 
absence," Kagato whispered. He could also sense the the power of the six 
sailor suited female warriors. Even with the three resurrected tyrants 
he was at a severe disadvantage. <It's seems I greatly underestimated my 
opposition. Oh well, I guess this sub-space transporter will come in 
handy after all.> Kagato dug into his cloak produced cylindrical which 
he quickly threw into the group heroes. Before anyone could react huge 
black light shot up and engulf the entire group of heroes. The light 
then shot up into the air and into space where the light split into four 
smaller purplish lights then took off into four different directions.

	In the stands the families of the Z-fighters quickly headed for 
the exit and met up with Washu and Tsunami. The two groups nodded 
quietly and all left together, and as soon as they were in the parade 
ground Ryo-Ohki transformed and flew off.

	Kagato turned to adress his three followers. "I have bought us 
time, time enough to hopefully take this planet over and prepare for our 
mutual enemies to return. While you are taking over the planet I have to 
go and speak to our benefactor about securing an army to keep this 
planet when they return."
	The three tyrants silently nodded and they launch into the sky to 
begin they're preplanned activity.
	"IS IT DONE?" a female asked inside Kagato's mind.
	"Unfortunately no, the Tsunami's Knight has gathered too many 
allies and may gather more still when he finally lands," Kagato paused. 
"But, do not worry Lady Tokimi I will fulfill my promise, as long as you 
can arrange for a defense of this planet."
	"UNDERSTAND THIS, I WANT THE FIRST CROWN PRINCE DESTROYED BEFORE 
HE CAN BRING FORTH IS TRUE ABILITIES, OR ALL MY PLANS FOR ENTRY TO THIS 
REALM WILL BE IN JEOPARDY," Tokimi stated.
	"Might I suggest you create your own Knight, my lady," Kagato 
stated.
	"AN EXCELLENT IDEA," Tokimi replied then vanished from Kagato's 
thoughts.
	Kagato nodded to himself watching the humans madly rushing to 
leave the stadium. He smiled darkly to himself. "Soon I will absolute 
power and will help Goddess Tokimi into our realm. But first I must find 
out where my quarry has landed."

Post Chapter Note's: Well that's it for Starting Over, the series is 
over. But the next part of this multi-crossover will be coming up soon. 
It's called Scattered, and look for even more anime to show up in this 
as the four groups of heroes must find their way back to Earth, while 
fighting new enemies and gaining new techniques and powers.        
