Chapter 8
Akane's Moment of Truth

	Deep on the outer rim of the Sol System floating above the planet 
of Neptune, was the Galaxy Police starcruiser, Yukinojo, sat Mayuka 
Masaki, Detective First Class and her partner Trysta Starlight (for 
those who don't this individual it's Sailor Pluto, I'm using her 
American first with a made up last name), Lieutenant. Mayuka sat reading 
one of her grandfather's favorite mangas. Trysta frowned slightly 
looking at the title to the manga. 
	"Honestly, you read those stupid romance comics constantly, you're 
worst than a teenager sometimes," Trysta said.
	Mayuka shrugged. "What can I say, I'm a sucker for romance."
	Trysta shook her dark green mane of hair. "Did you check, the 
inner sector like I asked?"
	"Three times in the last hour, not a thing. Like there is anything 
remotely dangerous in this sector of space," Mayuka grumped, leaning 
forward and doing another sensor scan. This time however the scans 
picked up a minor flux in the sub-space field. (Big science talk for 
what's going on in the tournament.) Mayuka adjusted the sensors just in 
time to watch the conclusion of the Raye Saotome versus Number 18 match 
of the tournament.
	Trysta watched as Raye fall outside the ring, <What's going on?>
	Mayuka on the other hand dropped the manga she was reading and sat 
up with a gleam in her eye. "Oh wow, a martial arts tournament!" she 
giggled excitedly. She then quickly adjusted the reception on the 
scanner and to check the frequency, then switched on the television 
turning the dial to match the frequency. She then put the scanner back 
into passive scanning, just as the next fight was annouced.
	"Ladies and Gentlemen, the next match will now commence. With 
Ryoko Masaki, facing a young seventeen girl from Graviton City, Eiko 
Magami," the announcer stated.
	Mayuka's eye's popped out of her face and she fell off her seat. 
"What's my m-m-mom doing there?"
	Trysta shrugged. "Your guess is as good as mine."

	Akane Tendo looked through the doorway leading to the ring and 
watched Raye walked back to the waiting area looking slightly depressed. 
Then watched the next two fighters take to the ring as Raye walked pass 
them.
	"You okay, Raye?" Akane asked as Raye walked in.
	Raye looked up smiled weakly. "Yeah, just underestimated Auntie 18 
a bit, but no real harm done."
	Akane nodded turning to look at Number 18 briefly before turning 
back to her future sister-in-law. Raye was now checking for possible 
injuries, when she found none she just readjusted her outfit and turned 
to watch the rest of the female tournament. Akane smiled softly, 
actually glad the raven haired girl was doing alright. During Akane and 
Ranma's training trip, Ranma had spoken a lot good as well as bad things 
about his little sister. Of course being the youngest of three daughters 
Akane could relate, to these things. She patted Raye's shoulder and 
smiled.
	Raye looked at her for a second, then smiled. "I'm fine really," 
she paused looking at Number 18 then back to Akane. "Just give, Auntie 
18 a good punch to the gut for me, big sis."
	Akane froze at that comment, before realizing what it implied. The 
arranged engagement happen ten months ago, yet it was put at the back of 
Akane's mind because of the training. Now, while waiting for her next 
match she found that everything was brought back into light. She spent 
more time talking to Ranma, during the training then she had the entire 
two years with him before she made the wish. "I'll give it my best, 
Raye."
	Raye smiled then turned back to watch the match that just begun

The World Martial Arts Tournament- Women's Division
Round One

Akane Tendo
Xian Pu
			Akane Tendo
			Number 18

Number 18
Raye Hino Saotome
							___________spot 5
                                                                                                          
spot 16



Ryoko Masaki
Eiko Magami
		             _________


Videl Son
Chun Li

	Ryoko stood watching the red haired girl as she went through warm 
up stretches, she yawned waiting for the girl to finish. <I wonder who 
I'll be fighting in the next match. The girl dressed in the light blue 
outfit and pink cape or the woman dressed in the dark blue chinese 
outfit.> She watched as the redhead finished warming up and take a 
fighting stance. Ryoko widen her stance and waited for the red head to 
attack.
	The attack came a little faster then Ryoko plan, the red head ran 
at her at nearly super sonic speed. Ryoko smiled slightly as she flew 
back, the girl naturally followed. The red head realized how close she 
came to the edge and tried to stop. Eiko did stop just before going out, 
instead she teetered for second. Ryoko simply teleported behind the girl 
and tapped her between the shoulders. 
	Eiko Magami couldn't hold herself up anymore and fell out of the 
ring, leaving Ryoko as the victor. Ryoko smiled softly and walked off to 
the waiting area, trying hard not to laugh at the picture it would of 
presented to everyone watching. 

The World Martial Arts Tournament- Women's Division
Round One

Akane Tendo
Xian Pu
			Akane Tendo
			Number 18

Number 18
Raye Hino Saotome 

						____________spot 5
								spot 16


Ryoko Masaki
Eiko Magami
		           Ryoko Masaki


Videl Son
Chun Li

	Ranma knew the time was drawing ever closer to the match between 
Akane and Number 18, he felt nervous. His fiancee was going to be 
fighting one of the strongest fighters in the world, he prayed that she 
would be okay. <Please, Dende guide and protect Akane in her fight.>

	Akane watched as Videl and her opponent slowly enter the ring. 
Videl was wrapped in a veil of confidence as she turned to her opponent. 
She cocked her eye toward the stadium seats and found the group of 
individuals that meant the world to her. She saw her mother-in-law 
holding up her daughter who was giggling and cheering her on, she then 
saw her husband up near the tadium roof cheering her on with the other 
Z-fighters. She then turned to her opponent, and gave the woman a dark 
smile. 
	The gong was sounded and Videl vanished from sight, when she 
reappeared again she was right in front of Chun Li. CHun Li never saw 
what hit her as she went soaring into the sky, when she landed the ring 
announcer didn't even bother to count staring into the eye's of a very 
unresponsive person. "Winner, is Videl!"

The World Martial Arts Tournament- Women's Division
Semi-Final Round

Akane Tendo
Number 18
			__________spot 5
                                                        spot 16

Ryoko Masaki
Videl Son

Akane shook internally, as she watched the announcer took to the ring 
about to announce the start of the Semi-Final round. She felt someone 
touch her shoulder and turned to look at the woman she would be facing. 
Number 18 gave her a simple nod as she walked to the walkway leading to 
the ring. <It's now or nothing Akane, you did everything Ranma told you 
to do and he said that it would put me even with everyone else, you got 
to trust Ranma for once in your life.> she pause in her thinking. She 
then remembered all the times she never listened to Ranma and what 
complications it caused. <He put such trust in me, if he didn't I would 
be in the stands right now. I know I can do this. I'll do this for him 
and for myself.>
	Akane quietly walked out into the light heading for the ring, 
nerves still on edge as she stepped up onto the ring floor. She walked 
quietly toward the middle of the ring, looking up into the  audience 
hoping to catch a glimpse of Nodoka or Ranma. She then turned to her 
opponent and started assessing her opponent quietly.
	"Ladies and Gentlemen, the first match of the Women's Semi-Finals 
is about to begin. We have Akane Tendo facing Number 18, the winner will 
go on to main event and face fifteen other competors or the right to be 
called World Champion!"
	The announcer walked to the edge of the ring and jumped down then 
turned back to the two fighters raising his hand, when it came down the 
gong sounded.

(Play "Duel of the Fates" from the Star Wars: Episode 1 soundtrack)

	Akane took two slow breaths with her eyes closed, when she opened 
them she flew at Eighteen at a surprising speed. Eighteen though blocked 
the first punch thrown at her, Akane quickly followed it up with another 
punch. This was also blocked, but she continued her assault and Eighteen 
continued to block. The blocking was forcing the blonde haired beauty 
back, until they were near the edge of the ring. Eighteen took to the 
air with Akane following her. The two reengaged in mid air trading 
punches, kicks, and blocks. Eighteen ducked under one punch and sent her 
foot toward Akane's stomach, the Tendo girl lurch foward but knew what 
the follow up would be and rolled with the double ax-handle punch, to 
kick Eighteen in the chin and would have followed it up if Eighteen 
hadn't vanished. Akane quickly vanished as well as Eighteen reappeared 
behind her. She then reappeared behind the blonded beauty, to retry her 
follow up only to face more empty space.
	This went on for a few seconds, each time they would try to punch 
or kick the other they would vanish. That was until Akane floated 
backwards after her next appearance, but instead vanishing she simply 
spun around and landed wicked kick to Eighteen's temple then she grabbed 
the blonde beauty's arm and twirled about sending Eighteen hurtling 
toward the ring floor at mach one. Eighteen impacted leaving a good 
sized crater in the ring floor, while above Akane position herself for 
one of her new chi attacks. "Okay, SHINNKUU-HA!!!" Akane shouted and 
blast of purple and black energy went flying toward Eighteen as she 
stood up. She saw the energy blast coming and flew out of the way just 
as it hit. Akane appeared behind the blonde beauty and nailed her with a 
kick to the back.
	Eighteen went soaring toward the wall in front of Hercule but 
stopped herself before hitting it. She glanced over her shoulder and saw 
Akane standing in the ring glowing orange, wacthing her intensly. "I 
can't believe how strong she is, so she's Ranma's fiancee. I can see 
what he sees in her," she smiled then flew at the Tendo girl. She 
brought her hands back and when they came forward two yellow beams of 
energy went flying toward the Tendo girl. The resulting explosion caused 
a huge cloud of smoke. Eighteen couldn't feel chi energy like her 
husband and the other Z-fighters because of her android parts, but she 
knew Akane couldn't sense her because of those same reasons. But when 
the smoke cleared Eighteen was looking at an empty ring. <Oh no, did I 
kill her.> Eighteen immediately looked to the stands at the top, she saw 
the Z-fighters looking up at the sky except her husband who was 
desperately pointing something out to her. Eighteen looked up into the 
sky and saw Akane hovering some two hundred feet into the sky, her 
orange glow, started getting brighter.
	
	"What's she doing?" Goku asked.
	Ranma smiled in returned. "You'll find out in a second."

Chapter Post Note's: Yeah, it sucks. But for my first cliffhanger it's 
not so bad. Okay, now you know what Mayuka is doing while her dad is 
participating in the Tournament. And why is Sailor Pluto a member of the 
Galaxy Police, you might ask. Trust me, Starting Over is merely the flag 
ship project but when it ends something else will take it's place. I 
just haven't decided what yet.
Anyway until next time.    
