Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo!/No Need For Tenchi is a product of
Pioneer/AIC. As such, I'm getting no compensation for writing this
fiction other than my own enjoyment and to bring pleasure to the fans
of this wonderful series.
Disclaimer: The X-Files is the product of Chris Carter and 20th
Century Fox. As such, I'm getting no compensation for writing this
fiction other than my own enjoyment and to bring pleasure to the fans
of this excellent series.
Disclaimer: The copyright holders own the songs and poems that appear
in this series.
Disclaimer: All characters 'I' have created are purely a work of
fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is pure coincidence.
Notes: This is my first fanfic and I would appreciate any comments
about this work. Currently I have no web site but I have two E-mail
addresses:
V_Bashaw@hotmail.com
Horosha@RC_Books.zzn.com
This is a crossover story that I hope to turn into a series should my
efforts are considered worthy. I'm blending the OAV Tenchi universe of 
romance/humor/action with the X-Files universe of alien-government
conspiracies and weird events. The series starts during the events of
episode two ("Here Comes Ayeka") and the first season of the X-Flies
(both taking place in 1992). I do not know if this has already been
done, since I have just started to read fanfiction. If anyone wants to
use any of the characters I have created here, please contact me first 
(especially about Anthony MacClean). I don't know the organizational
structure of law enforcement in Nihon and have assumed that it is
similar to ours. If you know something that would improve my knowledge
about this subject, please contact me. If you have questions about the
story or how I portrayed the characters please read the notes at the
end of the book, contact me at my e-mail addresses or post a message at
the Ayeka Fan Club message board. I will have a separate glossary of
Nihongo words and idioms to help readers understand them. Again, please
let me know what you think.
Dedication: This series is dedicated to the people who brought Tenchi
Muyo to life: Hayashi Hiroki, Kajshima Masaki, Hasegawa Naoko, and
Kuroda Yosuke. We also honor Chris Carter for his great series.
Warning: Just like the Tenchi Muyo OAV and the X-Flies this work
contains adult language and situations, so any minor should get
parents' permission before reading it.
**********

Tenchi Muyo/X-Files Crossover
Series Title: "Strange Days"
Book One title: "With a Little Help From Our Friends"
A Fan-Fiction by Horosha
Copyright: June 2, 2000

Prologue: Kurashiki, Nihon.
A cool morning breeze passes over the slightly quiet land surrounding
the Inland Sea, the unseen sun lightens the sky behind the still darken
hills of Shikoku Island. Purposely getting up at 3:00 a.m., Tomas Long
wants to avoid the effect of the Nihonjin commuters would have on his
creative skill, in capturing the beauty of the Seto-ohashi Bridge on
film. Standing on Washu-zan Hill, Tomas flips open the light meter in
his right hand, to make sure there is enough light for his camera and
camcorder. Satisfy with the reading, he takes four photos and a
five-minute film section before moving, by rental car, over to the
northern entrance of the bridge. In fact, Seto-ohashi Bridge consists
of several bridges that hop from island to island, connecting Honshu
with its smaller companion. Each segment a magnificent double-level
suspension bridge, which carries both car and rail traffic across the
blue water.

As Tomas' footsteps echo on the pedestrian walkway, he stops every
100 feet to take some more photos and film from different angles and
settings. By 4:00 a.m. the 35-year-old man reaches the center span.
Taking his camcorder, Tomas starts to record a panoramic view of the
Inland Sea and the surrounding islands. Reaching the middle of the
watery expanse, the blue-eyed American is startle by a sudden
brightening of the sapphire sky. Letting out a gasp of surprise, his
upper body twists around to see a huge fireball falling toward him.
Barely able to realize his camcorder is still filming, his weak arms
are just able to keep the camcorder on the falling object. With seconds
ticking by, his consciousness realizes that the burning meteor will
fall several hundred meters away from him.

Buoyant by the fact he would be filming one of this year's milestones,
Long is sure his hobby of photographing and filming bridges is about to
pay off. As the falling object comes closer to the ground, Tomas zooms
in to get some close-ups. Again, a grasp slip involuntarily from his
lips as his lens reveals the object to be two entities embracing. The
lower object appears to be made of a light color material while the
other one appearance is like a black multi-point starfish. As he
tracks the two falling objects, he guesses that they will land between
the bridge and Nao-shima Island. As they near the water, Tomas'
camcorder brings more details of the two objects; was the lower one
made of wood?

At 20 feet above the sea's surface, Tomas' jaw falls as the lower
object explodes in white flames and sends a bright glare through the
camcorder that blinds the blond man. Tomas' head lurches left to right
as he stumbles away from the railing, trying to dispel the white spots
from his eyes. When the dots fade away, Long's returning vision fills
him with horror as he sees the two embracing objects tumbling across
the sea, heading straight at him and the bridge. Tomas turn to flee
with camcorder still in hand but his fear-weakened legs carry him only
a few yards before the objects smash into the center section and sends
a massive steel cable slamming into Long's frame and hurls the broken
body off the structure.

Opening Song: The X-Flies Theme Intro.

Chapter One: Your Wildest Dreams
As the first telephone ring blares into the bedroom of Fox Mulder, the
still unconscious body hasn't registered the machine's existence. It
wasn't until the fourth time that the annoying sound is made that the
brain decides the stimulus must end. Barely reaching a conscious level,
the body rolls onto its back, causing the right hand to limply flop
onto the telephone. After a couple more rings, the hand picks up the
receiver and brings it to lips cover with a crust of dry spit

"Mulder here," the words barely audible over the phone.

"Sorry to get you out of bed," informs Assistant Director Walter
Skinner. "But there is an investigation that requires someone with your 
expertise."

"Sir, its three o'clock in the morning. Even the bad guys know when its
time to sleep."

"Not where you are going," replies Mulder's smiling boss. "There it's
five p.m."

Mulder's eyelids flip open as his light blue eyes sharpen with
curiosity. "Where would that be?"

"Okayama, Japan," Skinner answers.

The young man bolt upright in bed as Skinner's two little words fully
wakes him. "JAPAN?"  A stunned Mulder shouts.

"Specifically the destruction of the middle span of the Seto-ohashi
Bridge," informs the now grinning Skinner.

"How does this involve the FBI?" a suspicious glare entering the
brown-haired man's eyes.

"An American Federal employee was killed when the bridge was destroy by
what is being reported as a meteor strike," Skinner's grin widens as he
dangles the verbal bait in front of his most difficult agent. "Because
of existing International agreements, the Japanese government has asked
for our aid in the investigation."

"Then why don't we send NASA?" as more doubt enters the sleepy man's
mind.

"Because the meteor that hit the bridge has DISAPPEARED," Skinner
emphasizes the last word.

"I'll be right there," Mulder informs his boss as he hangs up the
phone, and runs to take a quick shower.

Skinner closes the line and then opens it again to make a similar call
to Mulder's partner, Dana Scully.
**********
As Mulder's dark blue car pulls up to the front of Scully's apartment,
he could see her lone figure waiting for him with a green overnight
suitcase similar to his brown one. As she opens the car door, he greets
her, "Are you ready to go to the land of the little pink men?"

Dana dumps her bag into the backseat, drops into the front passenger
seat and belts in before replying, "In Nihon, what we call Japan, the
70s brought the introduction of more meat and sugar into the average
Nihonjin diet. Now the youth of Nihon have an average height of 5 feet,
8 inches tall."

"You seem to know quite a bit about the Land of the Rising Sun," Mulder
comments as he pulls away from the curve, heading toward Dulles.

"My father was stationed in Nihon for several years while I was a kid,"
the green-eyed agent replies. "I went to the International School in
Tokyo, but I spent a lot of time wandering the streets of Kurashiki,
where our home was."

Seeing the light smile on Scully's lips, Mulder fills with amused
curiosity, "You must have enjoyed it there."

"Nihon is one of the safest places for a kid to visit temples, shrines
or just wander around. The people are kind and gentle and are always
willing to help anyone in need, especially a child," a happy Scully
replies. "I had great fun there and good friends."

"Well, maybe we'll have some time to sightsee after the case is over,"
Mulder catching the happy mode of his partner despite the loss of
sleep.

"Maybe," Scully absently replies, her mind lost in half forgotten
memories.
**********
As the two agents reach their terminal in the perpetually busy Dulles,
Walter Skinner is standing there with a plain fodder in his right hand.
As her greets his agents, he hands the file to Mulder, "Here's the
pulmonary report sent to us by the Japan National Police (Nihon Zenkoku 
Keisatsu), and the file on NSA Agent Tomas Long."

"Why was he there?" asks Agent Scully.

"He was on vacation," replies her boss.

"A man in the wrong place at the wrong time?" asks the redhead.

"Could be," Skinner answers vaguely.

"Exactly why is the X-Flies being sent to Nihon?" skepticism in Scully
words. "Since Long is a member of the intelligence community, wouldn't
the CIA feel it's their right to investigate the death of one of their
own."

"There are several reasons for the CIA to stay out of the picture,"
replies Skinner as he counts the reasons on his left hand. "One, this 
investigation will be a high profile. The media will be as thick as
fleas on a dog. They will dig into the past of every member of the
investigating team. Now, you know how much the CIA loves the media.
Exposing any of its agents to this kind of circus could easily end
their career. Two, the disappearance of the meteor is the only thing
suggesting an unknown element involved here. The CIA is design to get 
information from human sources, not from an act-of-God. Three, so far
only public property was damaged here. As you have pointed out Scully,
Long's death seems accidental. Nothing so far suggests his death was 
intentional. Four, no one trusts the CIA. Its forty-year history is of
hidden agendas and keeping the truth to itself. Since international
agreements now allow the FBI to be called in, to help foreign police 
organizations within their countries, the JNP knows it will get more
reliable support from us. And five, the X-Flies is an original. Both
the CIA and the JNP suffer from hardening of the arteries. Both groups'
thinking is narrow minded, something like creativity is no longer found
in either organization."

"So the X-Flies being sent in because we're already high profile,
remarkably skilled, trustworthy and imaginative," Skinner nods at
Scully words.

"It could also mean we're the sacrificial lamb should something go
wrong," Mulder points out.

"You won't know until you get there. So, take care of yourselves." With
that Skinner turns and walks toward the airport's exit.

The two FBI agents board the Boeing 747 jet, find their seats and belt
in. As the plane taxis down the strip, Mulder starts to read the file
while Scully reaches into her coat pocket to pull out a medium-sized
paperback.

"Some light reading, Scully?" amusement in Mulder's voice.

"Just brushing up on my Nihongo," replies a slightly annoyed Scully, as
the cover shows the book to be a Japanese-English dictionary.

As the steel bird lifts off the runway, Mulder begins to read Long's
profile. A 36-year-old bachelor, who's been with the National Security
Agency for the pass 16 years, this man has spent most of his time
behind a desk in Washington, D.C. as one of its chief analysts. The
only time he leaves his enclosed world is to travel across the world
seeking bridges. A copy of Long's travel log shows that whenever he
accumulates enough vacation time, this single man would visit a bridge.
At first, it began with bridges within the U.S., but soon his itinerary
encompassed many countries around the world. Some of the places Long
visit, puzzles the FBI agent.

"Scully, there seems to be something unusual about this man's travels,"
comments Mulder.

"Hmm," replies Scully as she lifts her head up.

"Long's record show he visited several high-risk countries. Federal
procedure should have prevented this man, with his knowledge of
government secrets, from going to," Mulder whispers.

"So you think he could be a courier?" her soft voice reaches his ear.

"It's possible," concludes Mulder. The agent's cellular phone starts to
ring, breaking his concentration. Reaching into his coat pocket, his
right hand pulls out the small object, "Mulder here."

"Hey Mulder, we'll hear you're making a business trip to Sumo Land," a
light voice states. Mulder recognizes it as belonging to Melvin
Frohike, one of the Lone Gunmen. He could hear the others greet him in
the background.

"How did you guys find out?" a surprised Mulder asks.

"Who is it?" wonders Scully.

"The Three Kings," Mulder informs his partner, using one of the many
code names for the trio.

"Byers was monitoring phone traffic, early this morning, when the
communications between the FBI and the JNP became hot and heavy at
2:30 a.m.," states the balding man as he switches the phone to
conference mode.

"Then news of the meteor strike on the Seto Bridge, hit CNN," Ringo
Langly nasal voice echoes over the phone.

"Our source in Japan sent us an e-mail at 2:55 a.m.," the quiet voice
of John Byers fills Mulder's ear. "He informed us that the JNP was very
nervous about something."

"The clincher came when the automatic surveillance alarm kicked off,
telling us that you received a phone call," the bespectacled longhair
says.

"So you waited long enough for us to be in-flight before calling,"
Mulder wonders.

"Correct," Frohike replies. "We wanted to let you know that we have
members at your destination."

"So if you need any help, they can help you," adds Byers.

"I'll keep that in mind," says Mulder.

"A little help from your friends," Langly adds as an audible click
informs Mulder the end of the call.

"Scully?" asks an irked Mulder.

"Yes?" replies a smiling Scully, knowing how tick her partner is.

"Remind me to change my phone number when I get home,"
**********
Nobuyuki's brown van pulls away from the house as he starts his daily
journey to work. Since he wants to take pictures of their crash site
during lunch, his black camera bag is in the seat next to him. "It
would be great for the family album," he remembers telling Tenchi.

As the sound of the vehicle fades away, Sasami starts to explore the
Masaki home. Unlike the natural bending of wood that you find in Juri 
architecture from palaces to humble family homes, this intriguing
building seems to be an effort to force wood, metal and ceramic into
these people's idea of order. As the little pink-eyed girl leaves the
family room to enter the kitchen, she inhales the wonderful odors
drifting in the air, from Tenchi's father's cooking. The 8-year-old
stops in front of a ceramic basin, where dirty dishes wait to be clean.
Checking the drawers around the sink, the curious child searches for
the liquid dish soap. Noting the two levers and the spout over the
washbasin, she touches the left one. A gush of cold water pours out of
the spout, hits a plate that sends droplets into the air which strikes
the giggling girl. Experimenting with the levers and spout, she quickly
learns to control the force and temperature of the water. Making a
swift decision, she puts the plug at the hole in the basin's bottom and
adds the soap to the water. Watching the suds foam, the blue-hair child
hears the kitchen door open. As Sasami turns, she could see Tenchi at
the door, dress in his brown shirt and light gray pants.

"I was just about to do those dishes, Sasami-chan," says the surprised
black-haired boy.

"No, let me," Sasami requests. "I want to repay you for taking my
oneesama (older sister) and me in."

"But it isn't an oujosama's (princess) job," the young man states.

"I want to try it," a pleading Sasami looks Tenchi straight in the eye.
"I was never allowed to do anything but study, go to parties and play.
Please Tenchi-san."

"Alright," Tenchi knows he has lost. "But you better turn the water off
before the sink overflows."

The child let out a little squeal. Then she thumps the levers closed as
some of the suds cling to the child's green dress. "Here, wear this
while you do them," Tenchi gives the freckled face child a white and
pink apron, with a large, bright orange carrot on it. "It will keep
your clothes dry and clean."

"Arigato (Thanks)," replies the blushing child.

"Since you have this under control, I'm going to the shrine to let
Ojiisama (Grandfather) know he has some new neighbors," the brown-eyed
boy informs the princess.

"Oke (Okay)," the little girl picks up a blue washcloth in her right
hand and a decorative plate in the other. As Tenchi opens the rear door
to the house, he could hear Sasami hum a happy tune. As he walks toward
the stone stairway, he is unaware of a pair of yellow cat's eyes
following him. Setting atop the home's roof, uchu kaizoku (a space
pirate) Ryoko observes the young man's movement. Smiling, the
cyan-haired lady fades from view, only to reappear a couple of inches
behind Tenchi. She follows him for a moment, her feminine body floats
inches above the ground.

"Where're you going, Tenchi?" she purrs in his left ear seconds before
her arms embrace his neck. The young man lets out a shout of surprise,
as he tries to jump away.

"RYOKO!" as shock fills his words. "I'm not a mouse for you to pounce
on!"

"Oi . . . I just want to have a little fun, koibito (sweetheart)," a
lusty smile dances upon her lips and wears a light green and red dress,
with all the right cuts to reveal her best attributes.

"Hey, don't get any ideas, Ryoko. I just met you last night, oke,"
Tenchi reacting to Ryoko calling him her sweetheart.

"But I feel like I've known you since you were a
kochan (little child)," a playful Ryoko informs him. She floats besides
Tenchi, still clinging to the young man as they continue to the
stairway. As he tries to ignore her playing with his tiny ponytail,
Ryoko's words awaken in his memory a time when a little boy saw a
pretty lady who wasn't there. 'Could that have been Ryoko?' he thinks.

Up in the room given to Ayeka and Sasami, the First Princess of Jurai
sits on her futon, her pink face wet from the salt tears she couldn't
prevent from falling. Darkness fills her thoughts as the revelations of
the past 24 hours continue to replay in her mind. 'My inazuke (fiancé)
is dead. My inazuke is dead. My inazuke is dead. He defeats Ryoko-san
seven hundred years ago, seals the bakemono (monster) in the cave, but
then what happens? No! I know what happens! He decides not to return to
me! To marry me! He marries someone else! He marries an EARTH WOMAN! He
chooses an EARTHLING over me! Why! Why! Why! DIDN'T HE LOVE ME?' As her 
soundless cries bring no answers, the tears continue to fall.

As Tenchi and Ryoko reach the stairs, Ryoko shifts her arms from his
neck to his left arm, allowing the shorthaired boy to walk up the
staircase. Leaning her head on his shoulder, her spirit fills with
joyful thoughts. To touch his body, to smell his breath, to hear his
heart beat and to know he was finally hers, her Tenchi. No longer
condemn to that patch of ground surrounding her cave, waiting for his
visits. Now she could go with him. To see his world, to meet his
friends, and to protect him from all the pain and tears the universe
can inflict.

"OJIISAMA!" shouts Tenchi as the couple moves along the stone path,
toward the shrine's office. Hearing no reply, the boy again utters,
"OJIISAMA, where are you?" They walkup the wooden steps to the
office.

When the two reaches the door, Ryoko detects a creak coming from the
roof. "TENCHI, WATCH OUT," she shouts, pushing the young man behind
her.

A blur of blue and white swings, by the left hand, from the roof and
lands lightly in front of Ryoko, on the veranda. The space pirate sees
an old man, in Shinto grab, holding a bokken in his right hand. The
elder charges at them, bringing the wooden weapon up for a two-handed
overhead strike.

"TENCHI! STAY BEHIND ME!" shouts Ryoko as she clutches her red energy
sword.

The two weapons meet. The blow drives Ryoko down to one knee but she
shifts her weight to her right foot and drives her sword point toward
the priest's right leg. Ryoko's blow never touches him as the man leaps
sideways and lands on the shrine's sandy ground. The wild woman lets
out a roar, springs after him and swings her red sword up for a
left-to-right head move. Moving his right foot back, the old man
deflects the red blade along the bokken, then rolls his wrists and knees
right-to-left, for a quick strike at Ryoko's butt as she passes by. A
loud smack results.

"WHY YOU CHIKAN! (Pervert)" screams Ryoko as she slides to a halt, then
turns to charge.

"STOP, STOP RYOKO! THIS IS MY OJIISAMA!" declares Tenchi, placing
himself between the two combatants.

"But he attacked us," a confused look upon Ryoko's face.

"It's just one of his surprise attacks," Tenchi informs her calmly. "He
pulls this strategy on me all the time."

"One should always be prepared for the unexpected, Tenchi," mirth
touches the words of the otherwise serious grandfather. Lowering his
sword point, the priest gives Ryoko a short bow, "I'm Masaki Katsuhito,
this most fortunate boy's ojiisama and guji (chief priest) at this
shrine."

"You mean the only shinshoku (Shinto Priest) at the shrine," Tenchi
smirks.

"Allow an old man some illusion of status," Katsuhito calmly retorts.

"I'm Ryoko, Tenchi's new kanojo (girlfriend)," says Ryoko as she
returns the old priest's bow.

"She is not my garufurendo (girlfriend)," replies a stubborn Tenchi.
"She's the akurei (demon) in the story you told me about."

"Ara (Oh)," the surprise in his Grandfather's voice sounds off key.
"Maybe you should explain it to me."

Tenchi starts with the events leading to him releasing Ryoko from her
cave. Then he continues with the tales of the destruction of the high
school, the appearance of Ayeka and Sasami and the smashing of the
Seto-ohashi Bridge. "Now, our home's next to the lake by the foot of
the shrine's staircase."

"Let this be a lesson to you, boy," a calm Katsuhito comments. "There
are always consequences for our actions, both good or bad. As for the
girls, I welcome them as guests to this place. They will bring life to
this peacefully dull place."

"Even Ryoko?" asks a surprised Tenchi.

"You freed her. Ryoko-san is now your responsibility," a ghostly smile
upon his face. "As long as she behaves herself at the shrine, I greet
her too. Maybe you can invite her to some of our practice matches.
Another partner might polish your martial arms. Now, let's go see our
other guests."

As the three walks to the gray stone steps, Ryoko rubs the spot where
the bokken hit her butt. She gives the priest a hot glare, barely
suppressing the feeling to repay the priest for her indignity. When
Tenchi starts down the steps, the young man realizes that Ryoko's blade
should have sliced through his grandfather's bokken. Why didn't it?

As the dishes dry in the rack, Sasami explores the rest of the kitchen.
She first examines the stove and finds the metal machine looks no
different from the ones in the Royal Palace's kitchen. While the rest
of man's machines and methods have change over the centuries, his way
of cooking his food has not. All methods remain the same: boiling,
frying and baking. Even microwave ovens use those processes just in
reverse. When the pink-eyed girl turns a knob, a bright blue flame pops
out of the right front hole on top. She quickly perceives that the
stove heating comes from natural gas, just like the ones back home.
Next comes the refrigerator but the little princess found the manner of
cooling for this machine to be primitive, even dangerous since its
emissions damages the planet's life force. She opens the door to find
fresh fruits, vegetables, and bottled goods inside and realizes her
dream has come true. Her whole time living in the palace all she wants
to do is to cook. Within her private quarters are secret stashes of
cookbooks from all over the galaxy. They give her dreams of becoming a
master cook, an iron chef as they call them here in Nihon. Now, Sasami
could do it here without her parents, tutors or servants telling her it
wasn't something a princess was allow to do. As images of gyoza and
yakisoba dance in her head, Tenchi, Ryoko and Katsuhito enter through
the back door after they leave their shoes on the genkan (entryway).

Ryoko sees the dreamy look in the princess' pink eyes and asks with a
smile on her lips, "What's up kiddo?"

Startle back into reality, the little one blushes and replies,
"Nothing, Ryoko-san." When Sasami sees the new person, the child
lightly runs over to stand in front of him.

"This is my ojiisama, Masaki Katsuhito," Tenchi introduces the
youngster to his grandfather. "He is the Shinto priest at the Masaki
Shrine, atop the mountain behind the house."

"An honor to meet you, noble priest, I'm Masaki Sasami Jurai," responds
a bowing Sasami.

"I receive your honor and give to you, an equal measure of my honor to
keep," Katsuhito returning the little one's proper bow.

"Your myoji (surname) is the same as ours?" questions Tenchi.

"Of course baka wa (silly)," amusement in Sasami's voice. "Yosho is our
oniisama (brother)."

"Your niisan (brother)?" disbelief in Tenchi's tone. "But Yosho-sama
lived over seven hundred years ago and you don't look that old?"

"Well . . . we slept most of the time in our search for him," puzzles
Sasami over Tenchi's reaction.

"Slept?" wonders the brown-eyed youth.

"Oi (Oh)! You don't know," brightens the little princess. "A space
journey can be long between inhabited worlds. So people will go into a
suspended sleep. It's kind of a dreamless sleep, at least for some."
Katsuhito detects a somber note in the little one's last words.

"Why were you on such a long voyage?" Tenchi words reflect the
curiosity in his face.

"Yosho-sama was not only our oniisama, he was oneesama's inazuke,"
informs Sasami.

"Her inazuke!" Tenchi's voice jumps.

"Actually, their ibokyodai (half-brother)," pipes in Ryoko.

"Their ibokyodai?" confusion reigns in Tenchi's words.

"Gomen nasai (I'm sorry), I make your eyes grow dizzy," frowns Sasami.
"Let me try again. Oneesama and I are the daughters of Misaki-sama
while oniisama's mother is Funaho-sama. Our otousama is Azusa-sama, the
Emperor of Jurai. Our parents arranged the marriage between my oneesama
and my oniisama to take place after her twentieth birthday, this is how
most marriages between nobles are made on Jurai."

Tenchi remembers Ayeka's reaction when she heard of Yosho's death and
says, "She must love him."

"Okasama (Mother) told me oneesama was so happy about the news she
changed the color of her hair to match our otousama's," adds Sasami as
a sad smile appears on her lips. "Oneesama waited for our oniisama to
return but he never did. So when she reached her twentieth birthday she
took Ryu-oh to find him. I came because I didn't want her to be
lonely."

"Has Oujosama Ayeka come out of your room?" Tenchi's concern plain on
his face.

"No," sadness further clouds the brightness of Sasami's face. "After
Ryu-oh sank deep into the lake, oneesama went to her room and has not
left since."

"Has she done this before?" the worry in Tenchi's words causes Ryoko's
eyes to narrow.

"Yes, she has. Whenever something bad happens to oneesama, she hides in
her room. Sometimes for days," Sasami words try to calm Tenchi's fears.

"Hey, let's not worry about Oujosan Pitiful," states a frowning Ryoko.

"You were responsible for crashing her ship, Ryoko!" Tenchi snaps.

"She was trying to kill me," shoots back Ryoko, her eyes as hard as
amber.

"Kill you?" asks Tenchi as his brown eyes fill with shock.

"She tortured me with the Master Key," Ryoko loosens her belt, opens
her top enough to reveal a horrible burn on her stomach while her words 
continue, "I couldn't allow her to have access to her battleship, I
couldn't allow her to take me back to Jurai." Tenchi could see in the
woman's yellow eyes the unspoken terror of what the ruby-eyed princess
might have done on the way there, he realizes the depth of Ayeka's love
for the legendary Yosho matches her hatred for Ryoko.

"Can't you heal this kind of damage?" concern enriches Tenchi's words.

"Don't spread your mind, Tenchi. It just takes longer because of the
nature of the weapon's energy," Ryoko tries to sound tough but the
youth notes the hollowness of her bravo. 'Is the uchu kaizoku just a
shell that covers a lonely woman?' he thinks.

"Well, since our other guest is indisposed," Katsuhito calm voice
changes the subject. "Why don't we have some sencha (Nihon green tea)?"
Everyone nods eagerly, especially Sasami.

As Tenchi brings out the white ceramic teapot and flower covered cups,
the elder priest fills the steel kettle with water, puts it on the
burner, and turns on the flame. The elder notes that the freckle-faced
child is watching his every move. "You know it is impolite to stare,"
the old man gently rebukes the youngster.

"I'm sorry," the embarrassed girl replies. "I just want to watch you
prepare this sencha."

"You like to cook?" Katsuhito carefully probes. Knowing her secret
might be out, the fearful little one nods. "Then you can help me."

Delight fills Sasami's face. Someone is willing to let her help in the
kitchen. As quickly as her little feet can move, she follows the
elder's direction to find the tealeaves, the sugar and other items.
Tenchi's smiles at the happiness Sasami brings to the kitchen. The
child's delight also banishes away the darkness that lurks within
Ryoko's soul, leaving a happy grin on the uchu kaizoku's lips. With the
tea ready, Sasami leads the way to the chabudai (low table), carrying
the full ceramic teapot with a pair of cooking mittens. Tenchi follows
her with the teacups, with Ryoko closely next to him, and Katsuhito
brings up the rear with some miscellaneous items.

Katsuhito sits at the head of the chabudai with Tenchi and Ryoko on his
right while Sasami places herself on his left. The little princess
carefully pours the hot tea in the small teacups, which the elder
passes to the others. Each waits until all have a full cup in front of
them before they pick it up and take a small sip.

"Excellent, Sasami-sama," compliments Katsuhito as he lets the pleasant
flavor to lighten his spirit.

"This is great, little one," adds Ryoko. "I'm not much on cha but you
did a wonderful job."

"Arigato," replies Sasami with a touch of red to her cheeks.

Sasami words sparks Tenchi curiosity and he asks the princess, "You
speak Nihongo very well. I can understand how Ryoko learned our
language but who taught you?"

"I don't speak Nihongo," replies Sasami.

"You don't, Sasami?" wonders Tenchi.

"Baka wa, I speak Juraigo," giggles the blue-haired girl.

"But the words are Nihongo," states Tenchi.

"And they are Juraigo, too," her pink eyes' humorous gleam matches her
words.

"Do you know why?" questions the black-haired youth.

"No, I don't Tenchi-san," her words become a little serious. "Except
for a few strange words like television and radio and some words I've
heard on both of them, we speak and understand the same words."

"Interesting," adds Katsuhito. "Two cultures separated by the black
ocean of space able to touch each others' ki (spirit) without doubt."

As the mirthful people continue to share the simple pleasure of a cup
of tea, their cheerful voices echo up the stairs and into Ayeka's
presence. Anger burns anew as she recognizes the bakemono's voice,
along with Sasami's laughter and Tenchi's comments. The fourth voice is
familiar but she can't remember its owner. The long trip in deep sleep,
the battle with that Ryoko woman, the revelations of Yosho's marriage
and death, and the loss of Ryu-oh leaves her memory like a shattered
mirror. 'Let them laugh!' anger/sorrow tangles her thoughts, 'They can
find pleasure on this PIECE OF DIRT! I will not let them divert me away
from MY GRIEF! I cry for you, NIISAN! I cry for you, RYU-OH! I cry for
me, AYEKA!'

Later as he walks toward the red torii (sacred gate) in front of the
granite stairway, Katsuhito is glad that Sasami didn't recognize him. A
child of three tender years, when he last views those bright pink eyes,
Yosho couldn't be sure she would not recognize him. When she stared at
him, while making the tea, his fear that his illusionary appearance is
undone seizes his heart. Only when Sasami told him of her secret to
him, Sasami love of cooking, does he know his disguise is complete. But
there is something else bothering him. Sasami seems different from
before. An aura surrounds the child. It was something no one else would
notice. Only his training as a Shinto priest and a Jurain warrior
allows him to sense her uniqueness.

Ryoko's statement about Ayeka's behavior deeply disturbs Yosho. He
feels the truth in the uchu kaizoku's words for he knows the mind of
the person he has guarded for 700 years. The darling sister he cares so
much for would never bring agony like this princess has done. "What has
happened to you, my Ayeka?" guilt tinting his words. "Did I do this to
you?"
***********
Ringo Langly stares at the monitor, waiting for the message from Japan,
while his stomach rumbles like the 1812 Overture. "When will our
breakfast get here?"

"Don't worry, Starr?" Melvin Frohike uses the blonde-haired man's
nickname. "The Ice Cream Man should be back from IHOP real soon."

"I hope so. You know he would hate to miss a chance to talk to Single
Bullet," concern enters Langly's voice.

"You worry about how late he is?" Frohike's own worry quite visible.

Just then the door opens. John Byers enters the room carrying their
breakfast in three disposable containers. "Has he called?" are Byers
first words.

"Nope," replies Frohike. As the word leaves the balding man's lips, the
computer comes to life as the words appear on the screen: Mary had a
little lamb. Langly quickly taps in the countersign: It tasted good for
dinner.

Single Bullet: Create some better passwords, please. I get hungry for
lamb every time I see it and do you know how expensive lamb is in
Nihon?

LG: We'll think about it. You're late.

Single Bullet: The crowds around the site are thick with shutterbugs
and camcorders. It took me over an hour to get to a hookup for my
laptop.

LG: What's the scoop?

Single Bullet: I was able to get close to the NZK investigators. Since
they see me as a gaijin (foreigner) tourist, many of them spoke openly,
in Nihongo, in front of me. They say that none of the meteor's
fragments have been found. Those witnesses at the scene say that the
object bounced across the water like a giant skipping stones. The dead
American has been taken to the forensic lab at Okayama Police
Department.

LG: Has the FBI shown up yet?

Single Bullet: No. The agents won't be here for another four hours, at
about 2:00 a.m. The NZK will take them to the site early tomorrow
morning. The regular police complained that the Americans will stay at
the best hotel in Okayama, the Culture Hotel.

LG: You will make contact with Mulder?

Single Bullet: No. I'll let them make the first move. There are already
strange men, in black suits with reflective sunglasses, here.

LG: You think it's a crash site?

Single Bullet: Don't know yet, but someone thinks it is. Sayonara.

The message ends, leaving more questions than answers for the Lone
Gunmen.
*********
As Nobuyuki drives the van into his home's new driveway, he notices the
finished ditches to connect the house to his adopted father's shrine's
septic tank and water purifier. He is thankful that Katsuhito's
position, in the Shinto priesthood, requires the necessity of a
telephone at the shrine. Seeing the house's lights on, he is happy for
the elder's advanced age, which allows the priest to get the luxury of 
electricity. Parking the automobile next to building, the father, in
his brown sarariman's (salary-man) suit, slowly climbs the wooden steps
to the front door. Sliding the door open and stepping in, the most
wonderful smells and tastes caresses his fatigued senses. Has Tenchi
been taking lessons in cooking from someone?

"Tenchi! You finally know how to cook properly," Nobuyuki voice fills
with glee.

"Actually, otousan (father), it's not me," Tenchi's corrects his dad.

"Not Ryoko-san?" puzzles the brown-eyed man. He wonders if the job
description for uchu kaizoku includes cooking.

"Oh no!" The shock is clearly visible in his son's face. A person with
Ryoko's willingness to eat anything could 'accidentally' poison the
whole family.

"Then who?" confusion very visible in the middle-age man's face.

"It's Sasami-chan," answers the smiling young man in the light blue
yukata (a lightweight kimono). "She's a wonderful cook."

After Nobuyuki removes his shoes and places his feet in a pair of
slippers, he walks toward the chabudai. As he sits, Sasami comes out of
the kitchen with a tray of food and drink. "Tenchi told me that you
would be late tonight. So I kept your dinner warm," worry creeps into
her words. "I asked Tenchi to tell me what a traditional Nihon dinner
is? So I made this following his instructions."

"This is great. My mouth will be enriched by your food," a joyful
Nobuyuki states, thus casts out all fears from the little child's
heart. "Itadakimasu (I shall eat)."

Allowing his father to eat for a while, Tenchi asks him, "Otousan, what
did you find at the bridge?" Ryoko leans forward from her pillow, on
Tenchi's right, and Sasami pauses at the kitchen door with a fresh pot
of tea.

"The police are breathing hard through their noses to come up with
answers for the public," Nobuyuki reports between bites.

"I thought they decided it was a meteor," concern touches Tenchi's
words.

"The rumor is the NZK's drivers have found nothing," sorrow fills
Tenchi's father's brown eyes. "A man was on the bridge when we hit it,
an American."

"HE'S DEAD?" Shock drains the color from Tenchi's face. His father
barely nods. Wordlessly Tenchi gets up from his pillow, next to the low
table, turns and walks toward the steps to his room; Ryoko fades from
her pillow.

Sasami comes over to Nobuyuki. "Will Tenchi-san be alright,
Nobuyuki-san?" the little princess asks as she fills his teacup with
streaming green liquid.

"He should be fine by tomorrow morning," Nobuyuki replies, his mustache
wet from the miso soup. "He has a serious heart, like his mother, but he
seems to be able to accept pain and go on." Grinning up at the twin
ponytail child, he adds, "Please don't call me Nobuyuki-san. I get
enough of that at work."

"Oke, otousama but only if you call me Sasami," she asks.

"Oke, Sasami-chan," Nobuyuki's quiet words are strangely pleasant to
the little one.

Unaware by the two down below, Ryoko sits in the rafters, silent tears
flowing down her face. She couldn't understand why she was crying. In
the service of Kagato, she has sent many people, men, women and
children, into death's realm. Why should one more lifeless corpse bring
such remorse? Was this what love does to a person? Does it make you
weak, caring about the sufferings of others? It wasn't as if her plans
include the killing of the man; it was an accident. Still, the drops
continue to leave her small chin.
**********
In a monstrous ship of silver metal, thousands of light-years away from
the yellow sun that is Sol, a great mind in a tiny body fills with joy.
Held within a huge clear crystal, along with two ivory snakes
surrounding a golden owl's body, her only connection to the universe
tells the little scientist her child was becoming more than an uchu
kaizoku. Without touch, smell, sight and hearing, the link given by the
GEMS keeps her sane, but not without a cost. Her soul carries the scars
of unshed tears. A tear for every person her daughter kills, for every
world her daughter turns to dust, for every beautiful achievement, of
sentient endeavor, her daughter smashes into rubble; only her knowledge
as to the real cause of this ruthless terror, keeps her life spark
alive. 'She is becoming more than a weapon, KAGATO-SAN!' Her thoughts
burn hot. 'She cares for others! The tears she sheds are no longer just
for self-pity! Not for the seven hundred years inside the cave! The
boy's presence cracks the armor you place in her SOUL! By the time you
reach her, MY SON, you will be in for a BIG SURPRISE!'
**********

Chapter 2: Driftwood
As Mulder and Scully walk down the jet's exit to the main body of
Kansai International Airport, both agents' thoughts fill with
different emotions. Hearing words of the people around her, Scully
memories of the past again arise to excite her. Images of an honorable
Shinto priest reciting to a redhead child and her friends ghost stories
on gloomy nights, learning to ride a bicycle with a raven-haired girl
and a brown-eyed boy running beside her and the many hours of word
games her friends and the priest use to teach her this island's
language. The echoes of her distant experiences are not lost for she
remembers the rhythm, texture and humor of this land. Mulder's emotion
is the opposite of his partner's. The voices he hears bring feelings of 
isolation and impairment. Here he would have to work with an
interpreter, whenever Scully wasn't with him, to ask questions and get
answers. Would he get the truth from the people or a censor one from
the interpreter? Never has he ever worked with these restrictions on
his deductive mind. Looking up ahead, Mulder could see a group of men,
wearing brown and black business suits, standing with one of them
holding a sign saying: FBI.

"I thought you said that the Nips were subtle people, Scully," Mulder
teases dryly as amusement flashes in his green eyes.

"Mulder, they are Nihonjin or Japanese," displeasure in Scully's voice.
"Calling them Nips is like calling an African American a Nigger."

"Did I touch a nerve, Scully?" guesses Mulder with a devilish smile on
his face

"I know why they're nervous," retorts Scully. "Your reputation precedes
you, Mulder."

"I hope not." Mulder's smile fades as earlier fears resurface.

"Get your cards ready," Scully reminds him as she reaches into her
right coat pocket.

"Right," Mulder quickly clearing his mind for the upcoming ritual.

When both parties come within arm reach, the two groups stop, bow
deeply to each other and then exchange business cards.

"Konnichiwa, (good morning)" replies Scully as she shacks hands with
each person there.

"So you remember our words, Scully-san," the elder of the group states
in slightly accented English.

"You handle our words equally well, sir," Scully returns the white hair
man's compliment.

"I'm Kajishima Satoshi, Director of the NZK," he introduces himself to
the two FBI agents. "The two men to my left are Assistant Director Sato
Hitoshi, of the NZK, and Senior Chief Nakazawa Kazuto, of the Okayama
Police. The man to the right is Chief Detective Goto Henry, of the NZK,
in charge of the investigation."

"How do we fit into this chain of command?" questions Mulder, suspicion
illuminates his green eyes.

"Your investigation will be independent of Goto-san, but I hope you two
can work together effectively," replies Kajishima as his brown eyes
fill with hope.

"I always try, sir," Mulder replies. Scully frowns as she detects the
hint of sarcasm in her partner's words.

Only Goto Henry, among the Nihonjin, seems to notice the emotions
behind Mulder's words. Matching Mulder's tone, he replies, "I believe
we can offer each other a different point-of-view on this case."

"That is all I ask," the old man taking both men's words at face value.
"Let us take you to your hotel where you can freshen up. At 6:00 a.m.,
Goto-san will take you to the site."

As the two parties walk down the terminal to the exit, two men in black
suits and sunglasses place their newspapers into a nearby trash can and
follow them at a safe distance.
**********
As the two cars drive across the bridge, which connects the island
airport to the mainland, Mulder cannot take his eyes off the view the
right side of the car shows him. Everything looks super modern. The
skyline he could see ahead of them shows nothing but modern buildings
reaching for the blue sky. When the white limousine reaches the end of
the bridge. Mulder could see smaller buildings below the giants, but
even among these buildings, only a few were older than thirty years.
"Was Japan like this when you lived here, Scully?" Awe clearly
touches his words.

"It just started when our family left Nihon, in 1973," Scully's quiet
voice matches her partner's awe. "Most of the buildings here were old
homes of fishermen and small farms."

"Your partner is correct, Mulder-san," replies Kajishima, sitting
opposite Mulder. "Most of the buildings were built in the 80s."

"Impressive," Mulder stares out the window.

"Do you have any new information on the investigation?" Scully asks
carefully.

Kajishima nods to Goto, who removes two folders from his briefcase and
hands them to the redhead. The items draw Mulder's attention away from
the window, but as his partner opens the first folder, his curiosity
collapses as he sees lines of unfathomable pictographs. Scully looks
up, a slight puzzlement in her green eyes. "Sorry, our translator has
not completed an English version," Goto replies. Scully was sure she
could hear no regret in his heavily accented words.

"That's alright. I think I can handle this," confidence clearly echoes
in her words. Looking over to her brown-haired partner, "this will take
some time, Mulder."

Mulder nods and says, "I'm not going anywhere." The feeling of isolation
intensifies.

The two cars continue their journey to the Culture Hotel, in Okayama.
Along the way, Kajishima tries to draw Mulder into some light
conversation while Goto sits silently. Mulder responses are spiritless.
Mulder spends most of his time just staring out the window. When the
car pulls next to the hotel, a blue uniform doorman opens the right
passenger's door. Mulder, Scully and Goto leave the car, with Kajishima
instructs Goto to make sure the two FBI agents get to their room. The
cars slowly pull away. Mulder checks his watch, the digital numbers
read 4:00 a.m. "We have time to check in and get a quick breakfast."

"Sounds like a good plan," replies Scully as they stride through the
swing glass doors. None of them notice a large black car parking across
from the grand building.

As the trio goes to the front desk to get the agent's keys, Mulder
tells Goto, "We can find our rooms. Why don't you get us a table in the
hotel's restaurant?"

Goto nods and turns toward the restaurant's entrance. As Mulder and
Scully get their keys and head to the elevator, Scully asks, "That was
a little too obvious, Mulder."

"I need to talk to you unhindered," distrust plain in his words. "What
have the reports told you about the site?" The elevator opens and the
pair enters it. Scully pushes the sixth floor button.

"The first report was the autopsy on Tomas Long," informs Dana. "He
died of multiple contusions, including crush ribs and skull fractures.
There is nothing mysterious about his death. The second report is more
vague. Witnesses report that the meteor came from the east, skipped
over the Inland Sea before hitting the bridge. None of the witnesses
were close enough to see the object clearly, so a detail description is
unavailable. Searches have been made to find rock shreds but nothing
has turned up."

"So the meteor conclusion is still on shaky ground," concludes Mulder.

The elevator's door open to allow the two agents to move toward their
rooms while Scully adds, "Conclusive evidence is possible. Tomas Long
had two camera bags and a camcorder bag with him at the time of his
death. The cameras were still with him when the drivers fished his body
from the Inland Sea, his camcorder bag was empty."

Stopping at the door to Scully's room, a spark of excitement enters
Mulder's light green eyes. Mulder looks at his emerald-eyed companion
and he says, "Finding the camcorder could be the key to this Pandora's Box."

"Meaning . . . " Scully seeing more than just excitement in her
partner's face.

"What if something besides a meteor hit the bridge? Something that was
able to leave under its own power," Mulder informs her.

"A UFO," Scully's annoyance at her partner's ability to jump to
conclusions is noticeable on her face.

"It could explain why there are no fragments of the hit," Mulder tries
to banish his partner's skepticism.

"The shards could be too small to find quickly. Even if they don't find
them, there's no evidence to suggest that you are correct, Mulder,"
Scully counters. Wishing her partner would control his imagination.

"We'll just have to find it," replies a smiling Mulder.

"Why would a UFO hit the bridge in the first place?" Scully words
matching the stern expression upon her red lips.

"Maybe it ran a red light at Jupiter and was trying to avoid a ticket,"
answers Mulder, enjoying his partner's aggravation. As the brown-haired
man turns toward his door, he adds, "I don't know but I'm going to find
out."

Scully mumbles as she opens her room's door, "Here we go again."
**********
Goto Henry didn't like what he is about to do. He is a cop with twenty
years of experience in the NZK. At no point in his career has he ever
had to hide anything. No matter the fallout, he does his job, report
what the evidence tells him, and maintains the one rule he has always
live by: he never lies to another cop. Now his superiors tell him he
must lie to the two Americans, he cover-ups the truth. He himself
didn't know what this truth is. Only that if he discovers it first, the
FBI agents must not discover it. If the Americans did find it first, it
was his duty to make sure that any evidence they found is either lost
or destroy. He knows where these orders come from. He saw them at the
site, blackness covering them from head to foot: the OIK. Looking up
from his cup of tea, Goto could see the two agents enter the
restaurant. Waving until he catches their attention, the black-haired
man steels his spirit as they come over to the table.
**********
As the pale rays of the sun parts night's blanket over the valley, the
inhabitants of the Masaki home begin to rise. As Tenchi's blurry brown
eyes open, he realizes that he would go to school today. One day away
from school might be excusable with sickness, but more would cause
problems; he would just have to trust his grandfather and the others to
keep Ryoko in line. Tenchi gets out of bed, puts his dark blue uniform
on, checks his briefcase and opens the door to go out. While the youth
closes the door after leaving his room, a pair of yellow feline eyes
watches his every movement.

"How did you sleep, Tenchi," Ryoko purrs into his right ear.

Tenchi lets out a short grasp. Then he says, "You know someday you're
going to give me a heart attack by sneaking up on me."

"I'd rather do something else to your heart, watashi no kare
(my boyfriend)," Ryoko's breathy whisper touches the pale boy's ear.

Before the shorthaired boy could respond, the princesses' room door
opens. A perplexed Sasami, in a pink and white dress, walks out while
an unseen hand closes the door behind her. Unaware of the pair's
presence, the little child turns left, walks slowly to the wooden
staircase and goes down it. Tenchi takes this moment to walk away from
Ryoko, glad that the child's action nullifies the mode Ryoko tried to
create with him.

"Why won't he play with me?" a frowning Ryoko ponders while she watches
Tenchi's back. When the woman floats down the hall in pursuit of
Tenchi, she hears sobbing coming from the princesses' room. "I hope she
drowns in her own tears," the uchu kaizoku smirks.

Thirty minutes later Nobuyuki comes out the bathroom, feeling his chin
and comments, "Maybe I need some new razor blades?" As he walks down
the stairway, a sweet aroma tickles his nose. Reaching the chabudai,
the smiling man sees breakfast is already set out. A seat is set for
him, with Sasami on his left and Tenchi and Ryoko on his right. "Did
you cook this wonderful choshoku (breakfast) for us, Sasami-chan?"
Nobuyuki asks.

"Tenchi-san showed me what to cook and Ryoko helped set the table,"
replies the humble child.

"I see I'm going to have to lengthen Tenchi's practice matches to keep
our appetites from advancing our weight," Katsuhito comments as he
comes from the front door.

"Ohayo (good morning), jiichan," smiles Tenchi.

"Ohayo, otousan," Tenchi father's words match the amusement in his
brown eyes. "I think we found a cook, who can bring honor again to our
kitchen."

"Indeed," says the soft-spoken priest as he sits opposite Nobuyuki.

"Before we leave Tenchi, why don't you show Sasami-chan where okachan's
(mother's) cookbooks are." A knowing look passes between father and
son: it would be good to bring new memories to the kitchen.

"Hai (Yes)," acknowledges a smiling Tenchi.

As most of the households enjoy the pink-eyed child's success, the
food's odor drifts into Ayeka's room. Sasami tries to talk her sister
to come to the choshoku, tries to bring some sanity to Ayeka's
depression but only finds a black wall. When the fragrance of fish
causes the ruby-eyed lady's stomach to rumble, she steels her body to
the temptation of hunger. "No, I will not! I will not surrender!" Ayeka
storms. "Sasami might find this an adventure but I do not! I have lost
my Ryu-oh! I have lost my Niisan! I HAVE LOST MY HOPE!"
**********
6:00 a.m. Seto-ohashi Bridge
The cold morning air refreshes Mulder as he steps out of Chief
Detective's Goto's green Toyota. A firm breeze blows across the Inland
Sea to play lightly with Scully's short red hair. Following Goto, they
head toward three people, one in a dark blue suit and the others in
local police uniforms, waiting on the gravel beach in the shadow of the
bridge's northern entrance.

"Mulder-san and Scully-san, this is First Lieutenant Hideyuki Koyama,
of the NZK," the older detective introduces them to a much younger
officer. "He will be your interpreter as well as your guide in Nihon,
during the investigation."

A man in his early twenty steps away from the others, bows to Scully
and Mulder and exchange business cards with them. "Konichiwa, I'm honor
to be working with our colleagues from America," his words sounding too
mechanical, too perfect.

"Is this your first assignment, Officer Hideyuki?" asks Mulder.

"Yes, I just graduated from Osaka University," surprise in the youth's
words. "How did you know?"

"You seem to be a little tense," replies Mulder as he remembers being a
rookie with the FBI. "Don't worry about fouling up, we'll find the
truth about what happened here."

Scully turns away from the conversation to scan the surroundings.
Except for the investigators and their assistants, only a lone
fisherman, sitting on his wood stool with his fishing pole firmly
secure to a metal holder, could be seen. "Let's go over to the crush
site," requests Scully.

"Hideyuki-san will take you over there," informs Goto. "I need to check
something with these two men here."

"Hai," replies Hideyuki as he nods to his superior. Leading the
Americans to a waiting eighty-foot boat, the young man informs them,
"Until the bridge is repair, the only way to Shikoku is by boat or
airplane," He helps Scully and Mulder onboard. He motions to two men to
help him push the boat away from the shore. As the craft comes loose,
he quickly jumps onboard, careful not to overturn the vessel. Setting
in the pilot's chair, he turns the sixty-horsepower engine on and puts
it into reverse. After the boat makes a 180-degree turn, Hideyuki puts
it into forward gear and pushes the power stick forward, propelling the
boat toward the Shikoku end of the Seto-ohashi Bridge.

The watercraft goes pass a group of islands, then under the first
Section of the bridge where it catches the warm rays of the early
morning sun. Moving by the first connector island, the passengers find
an awesome sight. The steel and concrete of the center section are no
longer a beautiful recreation of the Golden Gate Bridge, but more like
the cracked bones and fluttering tendons of a body devoured by
scavengers.

As the boat plows through the water, nearing the bridge's southern
entrance, an idea enters Mulder's mind. The brown-haired man leans
forward and shouts into the black-eyed man's ear, "Hideyuki, could you
do something for me?"

"My job is to help you," replies the black-haired man.

"Could you head in that direction?" Mulder points off to his left,
toward Nao-shima Island.

"Aye, aye, sir," the youth replies with a grin on his face as he turns
the boat to the new heading. Mulder returns the young man's smile as
the depressing thoughts from the car ride gives way to the young man's
unbridled energy. The pale green-eyed man remembers the time when such
a spirit was his possession while moving from the land of the student
to the land of the practitioner.

Seeing Mulder back to his normal self brings relief to the redhead next
to him. Scully notices her partner's drift to silence since arriving in
Nihon, only coming awake when alone with her. The attraction between
Mulder and the self-conscious rookie gives the redhead hope that
whatever is troubling him will vanish with their association. Scully
returns her mind to the current problem. Her emerald eyes take into
account their new direction, brings her knowledge of the case into
perspective which leads her to the only logical conclusion. Scully
turns her head toward her partner and shouts over the noise of the
engine, "The witnesses."

Mulder slowly nods at his partner's statement and says, "They said it
came from this direction."

"The witnesses could be wrong," Scully reminds him while her eyes lock
onto his. "The meteor's path would've covered the Kobe-Osaka area of
Honshu. Yet no report of a flaming object, screaming across the sky,
has come from there."

"What about a midair explosion? Couldn't that have propelled the object
a short distance across the sea?" questions Mulder as he tries to fit
the witnesses into the equation.

"Yes, it is possible," acknowledges Scully, lets her partner have a
piece of cheese before springing the trap. "But to alter a meteor's
path like that, the midair explosion would equal the one in Siberia.
Such an explosion would have devastated everything in a 60-kilometer
radius."

"That's if the meteor's composition is normal, usually rock or iron.
What if the object is made of lighter material," counters Mulder. He
knows he has found a hole in his partner's cage.

"Then a smaller explosion would be necessary but for the explosion to
be big enough to overcome the meteor's speed, as well as its weight,
would still leave a wake of destruction," Scully words shows the
redhead still trying to close the lid on her cage.

"That's if the object was solid," the brown-haired man's words matching
his grin. "What if the object is hollow."

"A spaceship," groans Scully as she realizes she's the mouse in the
trap.

Just as Mulder opens his mouth to close the cage's lid on Scully,
Hideyuki shouts over the engine noise, "Sir, there's something on the
island over there." The youth points ahead and to his right, at a small
rocky island.

The two agents look in this direction. They see a low island, about a
mile across, cover with driftwood.

"So what is so unusual about driftwood?" asks a confused Mulder.

"Because of the water currents and the location of Kyushu and Shikoku,
driftwood would rarely reach this island," Scully intervenes in support
of their guide.

Looking at Scully, then at Hideyuki, both of them could see
comprehension fill Mulder's face as he says, "Let's get to that
island."
**********
Traveling down the country roads to Kurashiki, Tenchi could see his
father's love for driving. If not for his passion, the older man would
find this journey to work boring. Sitting in the shotgun seat, the
shorthaired youth turns to look into the back of the family's van,
noting the black camera and camcorder cases behind his father's seat.
"You're going to take more pictures of the bridge, otousan?" inquires
the youth.

"I wasn't able to get close to the bridge yesterday, musuko (son),"
replies Nobuyuki as he keeps his eyes on the road. "I hope the crowds
will be thinner today."

Tenchi smiles inwardly at his father's passion for photography. If it
wasn't for Nobuyuki's marriage to his mother and Tenchi's birth, the
young man could imagine his father, a camera in hand, hunting for the
beauty and majesty this world could offer. Realizing how fate sometimes
gives a person a world different from his dreams, Tenchi takes note of
his new world. No longer a youth moving in a narrow world of tedious
school classes and ritualize shrine work, dissolving his spirit into
ashes, he now finds his world upside down thanks to two oujosama and a
woman with golden cat eyes.

Nobuyuki glances quickly and could see the seriousness in the young
man's brown eyes. Hoping to break his son's mode, the older man asks,
"Thinking about the girls, musuko (son)?"

Surprise by his father's insight, Tenchi looks at his father and says,
"I'm just wondering if I can handle the chaos they bring into my life."

"I'm sure you can handle it, musuko and look at all the rewards these
women can give to you," a wide grin on his father's face.

"OTOUSAN!" Shock brings an edge to his son's words. "Is that all you
can think of them as?"

"Well, not Sasami," Nobuyuki replies with a glow in his brown eyes.
"You'll have to wait a few years before she qualifies for your quick
hands."

"They're more than just an NURETA ASOKE (A WET PUSSY)!" Anger fills
Tenchi's words.

"Not really, musuko," Nobuyuki's voice just the opposite of his son's.
"The older women haven't flipped out in seven hundred years. I'm surprise
Ryoko-san hasn't ambushed you in bed, and once Ayeka-san gets over her
crying spells, you're going need a whip and chair to keep her off."

"Ayeka-sama is just an OJOSAN (A YOUNG GIRL)!" Tenchi's face becomes
bright red.

"Mo (No), musuko, she's a young woman of great passion," Tenchi's
father corrects him. "She didn't chase Yosho-sama for seven hundred
years just because he's her ibokyodai."

"She's an OUJOSAMA! She's too PROPER to do it!" Tenchi shoots back at
his father.

"Wrong, Tenchi-san," replies the older man. "Once she sees Ryoko-san
all over you, she'll come after you, just to get even with Ryoko-san
for taking Yosho-sama away from her."

As Tenchi's anger slowly cools, he realizes his father is correct on
several points, maybe not all but enough. Ayeka will want revenge.
Ryoko's description of her torture by the oujosama leaves not a doubt
in the youth's mind. Combine Ryoko's advances on him with Ayeka's
passion, things could get very hot. Just then Nobuyuki says something
that Tenchi doesn't completely hears, "What was that, otousan?"

"The only reason Ryoko-san hasn't jumped your bones is she wants you to
come to her freely. She wants you body and soul, earth and heaven,"
Nobuyuki repeats while he pulls the van up to Tenchi's new high school.

"But she tried to KILL me!" Fear propelling the youth's voice to new
heights.

"She was cooped up in that cave for seven hundred years. Ryoko-san just
wanted to blow off some steam," Nobuyuki grins at his son. "You're lucky
that's all she did. If I was cooped up in a cave for that long, there
wouldn't be a tsunbi (virgin) left in Okayama-ken (prefecture)."

"ETCHI NA KOTO SURUNA! KYA! (Ooh! Don't be gross!)," Tenchi words
verbalize the disgust on his face as he opens the van's door, steps
out, slams the door close and walks briskly to his homeroom.

"That boy needs to learn to loosen up," Nobuyuki chuckles.
**********
Ryoko sits on the couch while she looks through the front room window
at the glassy blue lake. "It will take about a week for Ryo-Ohki to be
reborn," the cyan-haired woman mumbles to herself. "Until then, I'm
stuck on Earth with a smart ass old priest, a sugar sweet little girl,
a crybaby princess, a dirty old man and Tenchi. Well, at least it won't
be boring."

"What you talking about, Ryoko-san?" the light voice of the pink-eyed
child penetrates the woman's pondering.

"Oi . . . nothing important, Oujosama Sasami," as her yellow-eyed glaze
turns to the little girl.

"Please call me Sasami," a touch of pain in the child's voice.
"Whenever someone calls me oujosama, I feel like they want something
from my father."

"Oke, Sasami-chan," smiles Ryoko as she reaches with her right hand and
tousles the child's blue hair, which leaves the little one with the
giggles.

"I was wondering if you would play some games with me?" a questioned
look appears on the child's freckled face.

Seeing nothing else to do right now, the cyan-haired woman stands up
and snaps her fingers. Her clothes shimmer as they change from her
red-white-black seducer dress to tan Bermuda shorts, Kelly green tank
top and white tennis shoes. Taking the princess' petite left hand in
her right hand, Ryoko says, "Let's go outside and play
hide-and-go-seek."

"What kind of game is that?" wonders Sasami.

"It's an Earth game. I close my eyes and while I count to ten, you hide
somewhere and then I try to find you," replies Ryoko as she leads the
young girl through to the front door.

"It sounds like fun," delight causes the child to skip.

A few minutes later, Katsuhito hears giggling laughter dance up to his
ears as he walks down the stone steps to check on Sasami. The joy, he
sees in the child's swift feet as she tries to hide from the counting
lady, convinces him his worry is unnecessary. "I will ask Oujosama
Sasami my questions later," concludes the old priest while walking back
to the shrine, the early morning sun flashing off the old priest's
glasses. "Right now, Ryoko-san needs her."

"EIGHT . . . NINE . . . TEN, READY OR NOT HERE I COME," shouts the
cyan-haired seeker.

The wee girl barely contains her tinkering giggles as the uchu kaizoku
begins her hunt. The child grins as the huntress moves away from her
hiding place, disappearing into the trees. After several minutes pass,
Sasami's smile fades to puzzlement for her senses detect nothing of her
pursuer. She peaks out of her concealment but sees only green grass and
tall trees. In one fluid motion, a cyan blur appears behind the kneeing
princess, two hands grab her by the waist and propels them up into the
blue sky. The young girl's shock gives way to tittering laughter as
Ryoko tickles her ribs. Spinning the young girl around so she could
look into the little one's face, Ryoko holds tightly to Sasami's waist
as they hover straight up.

"Kya (Ohhh), Ryoko-neechan," a jubilant Sasami hugs the older woman.

A jolt of emotion runs through Ryoko as Sasami's words touch her soul.
Memories of another fill the golden-eyed women's mind. The sound of a
caring voice, the tender touches of soft hands, the light fragrance of
flowers and a halo of dark red surrounds a hazy face. Two ribbons of
tears flow down Ryoko's smooth pink cheeks as a whispering cry escapes
her lips, "Okachan (Mommy)."

The pair slowly floats to the ground with Ryoko's kneeing, clutching
the pink-eyed girl and sobbing into one of the child's ponytails.
Sasami feels the larger body shake, looks into Ryoko's watery eyes and
asks, "What's wrong Ryoko-neechan?"

Using her right hand to wrap the tears from her face, Ryoko smiles at
the caring child, "I'm fine, my kawaii imoto (cute younger sister),"
she sniffs. Getting on her feet, Ryoko still holding onto Sasami's left
hand with her left hand, she looks down into the youngster's eyes and
says, "It's now my turn to hide and you go seek."

In the distance, a feminine figure watches the merry pair play from the
kitchen window, before she flees up the staircase.
**********
A cry of exultation rings soundlessly in the powerful mind, within its
crystal prison. 'She REMEMBERS! She remembers ME! My MUSUME (DAUGHTER)
hasn't forgotten me! With all your devices! With all your PAIN! You
could not erase every IOTA of her past, KAGATO-SAN! It not just the BOY
now! It's also the GIRL CHILD! She gives without taking, she forgives
without judgement, she accepts without conditions and she asks only for
you to embrace her same way! No Kagato-san! You will find a much
different RYOKO-CHAN!'
**********
8:31 a.m. Island off Goshikidai National Park
Officer Hideyuki cuts the power to the boat's engine, which allows the
white vessel to move slowly toward the island. Mulder and Scully could
see the same thing that the NZK man's black eyes witness: wood shards
of various sizes cover the island. As the young man brings the boat to
rest on a grayish beach, Mulder carefully jumps over the side to land
in four inches of seawater and helps the pilot to ground the boat more
firmly so Scully could get out.

After his partner joins him, Mulder turns to the rookie, saying, "Why
don't you check the other side of the island. See if the amount of the
debris is greater or lesser than it is here?"

"Yes, sir," his black eyes alert as the others see him quickly climb
over the moss-covered rocks.

"Oh, Hideyuki," Mulder calls out.

"Yes, sir?" the youth replies while balancing on a boulder.

"You can call me Mulder," Mulder words matches the light smile on his face.

"Yes, s . . . Mulder," acknowledges Hideyuki as he grins back.

As Scully scans the surrounding rocks, a fluttering of white catches
her attention. Turning to her right she carefully scales the rocks
while her emerald eyes lock on the movement. Mulder looks down at the
various pieces of light tan wood, perceiving some type of protective
lacquer covers them. Bending down, the man's right hand reaches for the
closest one, a two-by-one feet piece. A surprise groan leaves his lips
as his hand could barely lift the object's right corner from the wet
gravel bed. Mulder goes to his knees to use both hands to get a better
hold of the object and lifts it up a few inches. Carefully judging its
properties, Mulder quickly concludes this is no ordinary wood since its
weight is closer to lead. The fibers are so dense that he couldn't see
them at the uneven break and the protective cover contains no
scratches. Mulder staggers to his feet, the fragment's weight almost
sends him onto his butt and hears Scully call out, "MULDER! THERE'S A
BODY OVER HERE!"

Mulder walks as quickly as the fragment would safely allow. When Mulder
reaches his crouching partner, his light green eyes see the small
broken body of a white fur animal. Both Americans see a ferret-like
creature, its longhair tail originally capturing Scully's attention,
with a coat cover in blotches of dry blood. Scully pulls a pen from her
brown suit pocket and points it at the being's neck. Around the neck is
a white metal collar, with red and green gem studs and an inscription
along one of the edges.

"I don't think this has anything to do with the investigation, Mulder,
unless you can find a 'Made in Japan' mark on some of the pieces," a
mix of relief and humor in his partner's voice.

"Why, Scully?" Mulder's voice full of confusion.

"The inscription is in Nihongo," informs Scully.

"Japanese, Scully?" Mulder's shoulders sag with disappointment.

"Nihongo, Mulder," she corrects him.

"Anyway, what does it say," annoyance in Mulder's voice as he glances
at the fragment, just on the off chance it does have a watermark.

"Okini'iri no Oujosama Sasami kara Jurai," Scully's voice revealing her
concentration on the words, "Favorite of Princess Sasami of Jurai."

"Mulder," calls out Hideyuki. Both Mulder and Scully looking up at the
young officer standing on a boulder just above them, "there is less
debris on the other side of the island than right here."

Quickly calculating the possibilities in his head, Mulder turns to look
at an area of water northwest of the island. "Do you have a cellphone?"
Mulder asks Hideyuki.

"Never leave home without one, Mulder," responds the officer.

"Make a call to Goto and bring the phone to me," requests Mulder as
Scully get back on her feet.

"What are you thinking, Mulder?" questions Scully as she sees a faraway
look in her partner's face.

"Just a minute, Scully," Mulder quietly checking his estimation as the
youth steps down to them while typing on the device. Scully studies the
fragment in Mulder's hands as they wait for the call to go through.
After a few seconds, Hideyuki holds the phone out for the brown-haired
man.

"Here, Scully, hold this for me," says Mulder as he hands the fragment
to her, takes the phone from the rookie and pretends to ignore his
partner's bulging eyes as the object's weight buckles her knees. Only
the swift reaction of Hideyuki, by grabbing onto the fragment, keeps
Scully upright.

"Domo arigato (Thank you very much)," says the redhead with an
annoyed look on her face. "I can handle it. It just took me by
surprise."

"Hai," a tinge of pleasure in his voice.

"You can call me Scully," a grateful tone in her voice.

"Oke, Scully-dono," acknowledges Hideyuki while giving her a short bow.

"Detective Goto," asks Mulder.

"Yes, Mulder-san," responds Goto.

"You better get your men out to an island off . . . " Mulder pauses as
he looks at Hideyuki.

"Goshikidai National Park," the young man gives a classroom response.

" . . . Goshikidai National Park. From what I see here, I don't think
we are dealing with a meteor strike," Mulder finishes.

"Oh, what then?" Goto responds with sharp words.

"We are dealing with an artificial constructed machine of great size,
which exploded about 150 yards northwest of this island. There's
wreckage of the object all over this island," certainty fills Mulder's
every word. "I believe that part of the device must have been propel by
the explosion into the bridge. If you get your drivers over here, I'm
sure you will find even larger fragments of this mechanism."

I'll be there immediately, Goto out," Mulder is sure he could hear
anger in the man's voice.
**********
Detective Goto Henry cuts the phone's transmission as anger clouds his
thoughts. 'How! How did they do this? My team has been here for THIRTY
HOURS searching for evidence and they find it in THREE HOURS!
Stretching my attention to its fullest I still become a WATER BUBBLE.'
He looks over his shoulder to see a pair of men, one of them putting a
cellphone away, standing next to a black car. Goto knows reports of the
Americans' success would soon reach listening ears and he realizes that
the two FBI agents are no longer people of the sun, not be harm, but
are now possible targets should the cover-up be exposed.
**********
Not getting a bite from his hook, the fisherman reels in his line and
breaks camp. As he starts for his car, he sees a sudden increase in
activity from the investigation team. "Chikusho (Damn)! Just when it's
getting interesting, I've got to go to my job," mutters the man in the
heavy navy coat. "Some days just end in smoke."
**********

Chapter Three: Bridge over Troubled Water
Sasami skips down the stairs into the living room. Ryoko takes a
relaxing bath after furious attempts to keep up with the pink-eyed
sparkplug. Knowing that there was nothing she could do about her
sister's depression, the eight-year-old wanders over to look out the
window. There she sees Tenchi's grandfather throwing rocks underhand
toward the lake. Sasami runs to the front door, slips her shoes on,
opens the door and leaves.

A smile flashes across Katsuhito's face when he hears the front door
open, close and the sound of nimble feet on the path. Waiting until the
blue-haired child is only a few feet away, the old priest says, "What
can I do for you, oujosama?"

Making a face, the elder's words foil her plan to surprise him, Sasami
says, "Don't call me that. I don't like it."

"Why?" Katsuhito's words show his surprise at Sasami's reaction.

"Because people, who call me that, care only for what they can get from
my ryoshin (parents)," Sasami angry words make her back as straight as
a rail. "I've seen them hurt Ayeka-neechan but they won't hurt me."

"What should I call you?" the old priest asks, amuse to see such wisdom
in someone so young.

"Just Sasami will be fine," the anger disappearing from her cute voice.
She sees the flat stones in the Katsuhito tan hands and asks, "What are
you doing?"

"I'm skipping stones across the lake, Sasami-chan," Katsuhito replies
as he takes his right arm back, brings it forward, shifting his weight
from the back foot to the front foot and throws the stone underhand.
Sasami pink eyes reflect amazement as the stone bounces eight times on
the blue water before disappearing underneath. "It's a game one of my
musume's friends taught me many years ago."

"What was your musume's name?" the child continues to watch him
throwing the pebbles.

"Her name was Achika," his sadness barely cracks through Katsuhito's
calm exterior. "She was such a beautiful child, with a tall slender
body, long black hair and eyes like mine. Her voice like little silver
bells and her soul like the morning sun, bright and new."

"What happened to her?" questions Sasami as she sees a single teardrop
slides down the elder's leathery cheek.

"She died a few years after Tenchi was born," Sasami could not hear the
guilt in Katsuhito's voice. "It's as if her spirit burned out her body."

Because Sasami sees only the sorrow her questions bring, she hugs the
elder around the stomach and says, "Gomen nasai, ojiisama," her own
tears touches his worn left hand. For just a few seconds the old man
hears Achika's voice again, asking forgiveness for failing him.

"It's alright, Akaruime (Brighteyes)," his right hand holds the top of
Sasami's head.

"Was that her nickname, Katsuhito-sama?" asks Sasami as she looks up
into those old red eyes.

"Yes, it was," replies Katsuhito as he looks down into those young pink
eyes.

"Yosho-niichan used to call me that," her innocent words bring a worry
frown to Katsuhito's lips.

The old priest kneels before the child, brings himself eye-to-eye with
the unhappy child and says in a kind voice, "That's because you both
bring light into a world full of darkness." Sasami starts to smile.
"You see, you warm even this old soul."

"You can call me Akaruime if you want to," her words full of hope.

Katsuhito nods and replies, "And you can call me jiichan." This time
Sasami hugs him in joy.

Waiting a few minutes to let the petite child to recover, the elder
asks, "Can you answer a question for me?" She looks into those ruby
eyes and nods, "Was Ayeka-sama always like this?"

"Mo, I think her search for Yosho-niichan did this to her," the child
concentrating on each word.

"In what way?" the old priest's words barely hide the dread he feels.

"Ayeka-neechan liked being the Saishono Oujosama Jurai (First Princess
of Jurai), but she was fun to be with, too. The times we would sneak
out of the palace to visit friends in the city. How many times we led
our Guardians and the Jurain Royal Guards on such merry chases. The
games we would invent with our friends, like Rescue-the-Oujosama, were
great," the happy tone in the little princess's voice gives way to a
more serious note. "Then we started to search for Yosho-niichan. With
each dead-end, with each false hope, a little bit of the fun
Ayeka-neechan disappeared, leaving only Ayeka-oujosama. Now, I'm
afraid. I think Ayeka-oujosama is leaving too."

The uchu kaizoku stands just outside the front door as she dries her
cyan hair with a yellow towel, her perfect hearing could perceive their
conversation. "Don't worry, Sasami-chan, I'll drag her back, kicking
and screaming," Ryoko quietly promises.
**********
12:55 a.m. Seto-ohashi Bridge
The two FBI agents walk up from the beach, away from the boat and
toward the mass of government vehicles as Officer Hideyuki quickens his
steps to catch up to them. Scully sees the strong purpose in Mulder's
steps, realizes her partner's confidence has return. A small smile
plays across Mulder's lips when he hears Scully's low sigh. With reach
passing assignment, with each investigation, he knows she keeps his
feet on the ground. Her logical, scientific mind keeps his obsession
for the truth from destroying the X-Flies, his crusade. In many ways,
her presence legitimizes his reports. Without her, many of their recent
successes would be nothing but dust.

"I'm hungry, Scully," announces Mulder, looking at the redhead and
Hideyuki. "Do you know somewhere we can get some Italian food and I
don't mean pizza?"

"Yes, Mulder," replies Hideyuki. "I'll drive you over to Rentenchi
Italian Restaurant."

"Mulder, you get something to eat. I'll pass on lunch," Scully catching
her partner's attention. "They're taking the animal's body to the
forensic lab, in Okayama. I'm going with them to examine Tomas Long's
body there, as well as catch the preliminary report on our furry
friend."

"Isn't it someone's pet like you said before?" asks Mulder as he
studies Scully's face.

"I'm just curious as to how such an animal, obviously a genetic hybrid,
ended on an isolated island?" Scully emerald eyes sparkle with
interest. "If it was stolen, why hasn't the local news reported it?
This is something the local press would eat up. If someone was after
the expensive collar, why is the pet still wearing it?"

"Well, I'll see you later," waving back at Scully, as he follows
Hideyuki to the youth's car. Turning around, she walks toward the
forensic team.

When the pair reaches the small blue car, Mulder gets into the shotgun
seat as the young officer gets behind the wheel. After the youth turns
over the engine, he punches the 'on' button of the car's stereo. A
puzzle look appears on Mulder's face as American Classic Rock blasts
out the speakers. A shy grin appears on Hideyuki's face while he turns
the volume down and says, "I have a fondness for American Rock,
especially this radio station."

"Oh?" Mulder surprise at the man's taste.

"I like the DJ, Tony 'Weirdo' MacClean, who's an American," he answers
Mulder's questions as they pull away from the beach.

"Tony 'Weirdo' MacClean?" a chuckle escapes Mulder's lips.

"He has a noontime program, 'American Karaoke', but just before it he
has a five minute slot called 'Strange Days'," the young man's eyes
fill with passion. "Oh, here it comes."

With the sound of multiple voices trying to sing all at once, a man
lets out a high pitch shout, "This is American Karaoke, where you try
to sing American Rock in Nihonjin. This is Weirdo MacClean, your
manager to those out there who thinks they can match American singers.
My first selection is 'Sukoshi Tasuke Ni Wareware To Tomodachi', but
before I spin this disk," his voice becoming dramatic, "we have
'Strange Days'."

The music of the original Twilight Zone wafts from of the broadcast,
"This is to recap the last 48 hours. Starting two days ago at
6:37 p.m., the Osamu High School is badly damaged by a fire caused by a
gas leak but neighbors reporting hearing crazed laughter coming from
the school prior to the explosion. At 8:30 p.m., blazing lights beamed
down from an unseen object floating in the sky, interrupting the
dinners in the Tezuka district of Greater Kurashiki. A voice echoed in
the sky, a flash radiated out and a thunderclap shattered every window
in the district. Residents dived for cover while a few people, walking
home from the bus stops, saw balls of light fired from two enormous
aircraft, which disappear in the darkness while moving away at hellish
speed. Then the next morning at 4:00 a.m., the Seto-ohashi Bridge is
smashed by a heavenly body, killing an American tourist. Lastly at
6:45 a.m., Tezuka residents find the home of Masaki Nobuyuki and his
son, Tenchi, missing along with its occupants. Finally, rumors reported
the NZK has found new evidence at the bridge. That is all for now,
folks. Now let's get to Yamada Murasaki's version of that British Rock
classic."

"Forget lunch, Hideyuki," Mulder's voice becoming very serious. "Take
me to that radio station."

"Yes, Mulder," the young officer realizes that things are about to get
really bizarre.
**********
Nobuyuki's drives toward the investigation site, his brown eyes catches
the sight of a small blue car going the opposite direction and the
brown hair gaijin in the passenger seat. "I wonder who that was?" he
mumbles. Pulling up as close as he can to the yellow tape, Tenchi's
father picks up his camera bag and camcorder. The black-haired man
steps out of the vehicle, closes the door and checks the power level of
the camcorder's battery. Satisfy with its charge, he walks onto the
beach. Nobuyuki holds the camcorder to his right eye and begins to
film. Quickly he notes the activity of the NZK reaches a new plain.
The forensic team carries something into the white emergency van. A
woman with flaming hair, in a light brown suit, watches the team's
movement. "She looks familiar," wonder in his words. He pushes a
close-up button to zoom onto her plain face with those deep emerald
eyes. "It couldn't be?" the delight in his voice matches the Cheshire
Cat grin on his face. Ducking under the tape, the man quickly makes his
way to her. Hearing someone coming up behind her, Scully turns around
as a voice asks, "Don't I know you?"

Looking at the medium build man with black hair and glasses on his
nose, Scully is uncertain, yet those dark brown eyes, within a tan
face, which brings a flood of memories into her mind.
"Inkushimi (Inkspot)?" surprise joy lifting her spirit.

"Ninjin-chan (Little Carrot)!" shouts Nobuyuki as he embraces Scully,
causing onlookers and the NZK team to frown at such a public display of
affection. After a few minutes, both move apart, great grins upon their
faces.

"It's been over twenty years since I've seen you, Ninjin-chan,"
happiness in every word he utters.

"You know I never care for that nikkunemu (nickname)," her grin makes a
liar of her words.

"Blame your otousama," a friendly retort comes from his mouth. "He used
it so much, Achika-chan and I thought it was your real name. What about
Inkushimi?"

"Blame Achika-san," merry words roll out of her mouth. "Because your
hands were always stain with the charcoal you used to make your
drawings, she dubbed you with that adana (nickname)." Both chuckle
before Scully's next question, "How is Achika-san?"

The laughter in Nobuyuki's eyes vanishes, "she died."

Seeing the sorrow in her friend's features, Scully says, "Gomen nasai,
Inkushimi."

"Nothing for you to be sorry for, Ninjin-chan, we were very happy
together," his voice becomes soft as pleasant memories replace sad
remembrances.

"So she did marry you," a smile on her face.

"How did you know?" his voice fills with wonder.

"The last day I was able to visit Achika-san, before going back to the
States, she told me she would take care of you," a knowing look in
Scully's emerald eyes. "Especially after she saw the pictures of us in
your sketchbook."

Nobuyuki's face reddens at what Scully is hinting at and says, "Ara,
come on, Ninjin-chan."

"When did you find our secret pool? You know the one where Achika and I
would swim in the nude," asks Scully, she is barely able to keep from
chuckling at his surprise.

"How did she find out?" Nobuyuki nervously laughs as his left-hand rubs
the back of his neck.

"You shouldn't leave your sketchbook where certain people can find it,"
Scully's grin matches the humor in her words. "What an anozoki-ma
(pepping demon)."

"Cut it out, Ninjin-chan," his laughter becomes louder. "I get enough
of that from segare (my son)."

"You have a son, Inkushimi?" asks Scully as she feels joy for her
friend's good fortune.

"Hai, a fine musuko," pride plain in his voice. "His name is Tenchi."

"Heaven and Earth?" questions Scully.

"Achika's otousama named him," he replies as he nods to her.

"Is he a chip-off-the-old-block?" she teases him.

"Well, being raised by two widowers, he was shy around girls but I
think that's about to change," Nobuyuki chuckles.

"So you and Masaki-san raised him?" she asks.

"Mostly otousama at first. Tenchi's okachan died just a couple of years
after his birth," a touch of shame enters his words. "For a while, I
was in no condition to take care of him. Then I realized I brought
disgrace to her ki by neglecting Tenchi. Katsuhito-san helped me
cleanse my ki, and I got a job in Kurashiki as an architect."

Feeling glad at Nobuyuki's heart, Scully turns her attention to a new
subject, "How is Masaki-san?"

"You'll need to call him Katsuhito-san, since I've been adopted into
his family," he informs her.

"So you're a Masaki now?" puzzlement clouding her emerald eyes.

"You know Achika-chan was his only child, and Masaki is a rare name,
almost foreign. So following the old tradition, when I married
Achika-chan I became his heir," an unpleasant memory fills his mind.
"It was another reason for me to stop my slide into self-pity. The
first time I showed up at the shine drunk, otousama chased me off its
grounds with his bokken. As I ran, he shouted at me, 'until you become
a MAN AGAIN, you are not WELCOME here, nor will you SEE your SON!' Only
later did I understand the aid he gave me. He kept Tenchi from seeing
my shame."

"Is Mas . . . Katsuhito-san still the shinshoku at the family shine?"
asks Scully.

"Does the sun rise in the morning," once again Scully hears pride in
Nobuyuki's voice. "Unless Tenchi takes over the post, otousama will
hold his post until the day he dies. May that setting sun never come."

"It's good to hear he is doing fine," says Scully, who is content to
know some things never change.

"So what are you doing with the NZK?" Nobuyuki changes the subject.

"My partner and I work for a special department of the FBI," Scully
tells brown-eyed man. "Because of the special nature of the Seto-ohashi
Bridge's destruction, including the death of an American tourist, we
are helping the NZK in the investigation."

"So the honoo-chan (little flame) otousama rescued from the monsoon, is
now an akapori (policewoman)," Nobuyuki uses the name Katsuhito's did
when he introduces a wet redheaded child to his daughter and him. "He
would be proud of you. Although, If I remember correctly, you wanted to
be a doctor."

"I did become a doctor," a trace of sadness in her voice. "But I found
myself in a bad situation. So when the FBI came recruiting for their
forensic lab, I joined them. From there, due to my scientific
methodology, I was sent to my current department."

"So you've never married?" questions her friend.

"Married to my job it seems," she replies.

"But you're so kakko no ii (well shaped)," Nobuyuki shakes his head.

"Hentai, hentai (pervert)," Scully waves her right palm playfully at him.

"Kya, please," sighs the black-haired man. "For me not to notice you, I
would have to be gei (gay)."

"Scully-sama," interrupts the forensic team's leader. "We need to get 
going."

Turning to the man, she says, "Just a minute."

"Here my business card," Nobuyuki tells Scully as he gives her the
small white card. "It has my new address."

Scully looks at the card, recognizes the address and asks, "The Masaki
Shrine?"

"We just moved our house over to a place next to the lake, so otousama
could have some company," answers Nobuyuki as he reaches for her hand
to cover up his nervousness. "I'll let you go, Ninjin-chan. I hope to
see you later."

"You will, you can free your mind of that doubt, Inkushimi," says the
redhead while she shakes her old friend's hand. "Sayonara."

"Sayonara," Nobuyuki replies as he lets go of Scully's hand and watches
the redhead go with the man in the white coat. "Otousama will be happy
to hear my good news."
**********
Unseen by the busy people on the beach a couple of fishermen in a small
skiff, several hundred yards west of the Seto-ohashi Bridge, finds one
of their companion's fishing pole almost bent in a circle. Fearing
another boot at the end of his hook, the old man finds a soaking
camcorder instead. He asks, "What is this doing here?"

"I don't know," replies a man in a blue windbreaker. "Why don't you let
me take it to my film club? We should be able to tell if the camcorder
can still be of use. Maybe the film can still be developed."

"Oke," the old man agrees to his friend's plan.
**********
1:15 p.m. WHOSHI, Kurashiki
Stepping out of the elevator, Mulder and Hideyuki move toward the glass
swinging doors with WHOSHI on them and pushes them inward. When both
men enter the room, the young short-haired secretary stands up and
asks, "Konichiwa, what can I do for you, shinshi (gentlemen)."

"We need to see MacClean-san," replies Hideyuki as both men show their
badges and I.D.

"MacClean-san won't be finish for another 120 minutes," the blue-eyed
woman tells the officers as she picks up the telephone. "I'll call him
to see if you can enter the booth." After a few words over the device
she looks up smiling and points to her right, "You can enter there."

"Arigato," thanks Hideyuki as he returns her smile. In the back of his
mind, Mulder again feels the doubts about depending on someone else's
skill and honesty.

Going in the direction the secretary points to, Hideyuki takes the lead
as both men have no trouble following the sound of Rock-&-Roll to its
origins. Both men look through a glass window, see a room fill of
electronic equipment and countless stacks of CDs. Inside was an average
sized Westerner with extremely short blond hair, wild gray eyes, who
plays an air guitar from his chair and the music at ear busting level.
It only after Mulder pounds on the door, does the DJ notices them.
Turning the volume down, he opens the door and says, "Welcome to
Little America." MacClean grins at both men while he brings them into
the booth and says, "You're going to have to wait a bit, while I put
the next dish on." The slim man sits in his chair, turns to the mike
and waits for the song to end. When this happens, MacClean turns the
mike on and says, "That was the Moody Blues', 'Knights in White Satin'.
Now here's 'Casey Jones' by the Grateful Dead." He turns the second CD
on, shuts off the mike, returns his attention to his guests and asks,
"What can I do for you?"

"We're here about your noon broadcast of 'Strange Days'," informs
Mulder, who feels better now that he could understand the answers. "You
seem to suggest that the story about the meteor striking the
Seto-ohashi Bridge is false and some of the earlier events might be
connected to a family here in Kurashiki. Is there anything else that
you haven't put in your broadcast that you can tell us?"

"Yes I can, Agent Mulder," the bare footed man answers. "I purposely
keep my broadcasts vague so I won't lose my job. Most bosses don't
believe in the freedom of speech, so you walk a very thin line between
the lies, the truth and unemployment." MacClean sets up the next CD to
play after the current song ends while he continues, "Callers have told
me the damaged high school has a Masaki Tenchi as a student. The
epicenter of the thunderclap was the Masaki's home. A disembodied voice
speaking Nihongo, demanded the surrender of a wanted criminal. None of
the neighbors saw any heavy lifters to move the Masaki's home yet it's
now located near the family's Shinto Shrine, thirty kilometers
northwest of Kurashiki. Finally, no evidence has been found to suggest
a meteor strike on the Seto-ohashi Bridge, which means the object that
hit the bridge left the scene on its own power."

"So you think the Masaki family is connected to these strange events?"
Mulder's mind absorbs these new facts.

"There are three possible conclusions," MacClean's gray eyes gains a
certain detached look. "One: we have completely random events with
absolutely no connections with each other. Two: Two strings of events
transpire at the same time. Three: The events are totally connected
with each other, with the destruction of the Seto-ohashi Bridge as the
capstone. Number One I don't believe in for a moment, I don't believe
in coincidence. Number Two is a possibility. Rumors of the
Jieitai (JSDP) are testing a new jet, for the United States, have been
on the Internet for weeks now; some really hotshot test pilots could be
responsible for what happened. Number Three is my favorite. A spaceship
comes to Kurashiki, demanding the return of a wanted criminal. The ship
fired a warning shot, which caused all the damage in the Tezuka
District. The first ship started to chase another ship across the night
sky. Nothing is seen of these two ships until one of them crashed into
the bridge but the damage done to the ship is not enough to prevent it
from leaving."

"What about the destruction of the school?" Mulder tries to see any
weaknesses in MacClean's answers.

"That one I don't know, although one caller told me it was the
legendary demon, Ryoko, commenting one of her numerous acts of
vandalism," the DJ speculates, then both men hear Hideyuki chuckle.

The young man grins with embarrassment while he says, "I'm sorry but
Ryoko, the Demon-Caller, has become a catch word for any devastation
caused by unknown origins. For seven hundred years Ryokoakurei
(Demon Ryoko) got the blame no matter what it was, a dead cat, some
graffiti or a building on fire."

Turning back to the DJ, Mulder sees something out of the corner of his
eye, "If that is all, MacClean, I think we'll be going," Mulder informs
him.

"Can't think of anything else. I hope I've been helpful in your
investigation," MacClean frowns as he sets up another CD to play.

As the three men reach the booth's door, Mulder pauses at the door,
then tells Hideyuki, "I just remember something. You go to the car and
I'll be there in a minute."

A hurt expression appears on the youth's face but says, "Hai."

When the door closes, Mulder turns back to MacClean, "So you are my
contact with the Lone Gunmen?"

MacClean lets out a sigh, his left hand pulls a small barely visible
newsletter from underneath a stack of CDs, "I was hopping you would see
the clue. I'm the Single Bullet." Taking the newsletter from the DJ
hand, Mulder could see it is the latest edition of the 'Lone Gunmen'.

"Is there anything else you or the others can tell me?" Mulder light
green eyes fills with anticipation.

"Someone else is here, watching the investigation and maybe even
controlling it," answers the DJ, suspicion very visible in MacClean's
gray eyes. "They stand in the background but you can't miss them if you
look carefully. They wear black suits and sunglasses."

"Shadow Men," Mulder's right hand clinches in anger, mangling the
newsletter.

MacClean nods, "Or as the Nihonjin calls them, OIK."
**********
"Is it almost time?" Langly asks Frohike.

"In about five minutes," annoyances plain in Frohike's voice.

"You know he's never on time," Byers informs them.

"I hope he can tell us something new," impatience causing Langly's
words to become harsh.

"Let's just hope he is still alive, remembers what he said about the
Shadow Men," Byers words fill with fear.

"Single Bullet is one of the best," a hint of admiration in Frohike
voice. "It's the only reason he's lasted so long on his own."

"We all know Single Bullet supplies information to both sides," Langly
nods his head. "He lives as long as he is useful to the
powers-that-be."

"True but remember what happened in the Gulf," informs Byers as a smile
appears on his face.

"Yeah, he got a lot of mileage out of that operation. They probably
still owe him for that masterpiece." As those words leave the long
blond-haired man's lips, the computer comes to life with the words on
the screen: Little Jack Corner sat in a corner eating a Christmas pie.
Frohike taps in the countersign: Pie was bad so Jack is dead.

Single Bullet: In a land where people eat raw fish, I find your
passwords a little insensitive.

LG: New passwords are on their way.

Single Bullet: I made contact with Mulder. He actually came to where I work.

LG: Could he tell you what's going on?

Single Bullet: Not much, another person, a young NZK officer, was with
him. The only thing he could tell me is that a meteor didn't hit the
Seto-ohashi Bridge, it was a spaceship.

LG: Anything else?

Single Bullet: Just a copy of today's 'Strange Days'. I'm going out to
see if I can find that school where the Masaki boy is. I'm going to try
to follow him and see what I can uncover.

LG: Be careful, there's a fire underneath that frying pan.

Single Bullet: I won't leap into the flame. Sayonara.
**********
Tenchi stands at the school's corner as he waits for his father to pick
him up. Relief is quite visible in the young man's sagging body as he
remembers the school day. Tenchi jumps whenever he hears a loud noise,
he lips would stumble over every question, fearful of his own words and
in the end his own classmates turn his behavior into a game, yank
Tenchi's chain. His English sensei derides the students' conduct while
his black eyes never leave the trigger of their misdeeds. The only
thing Tenchi found enjoyable is the Irish gaijin, Robert O'Neill. Those
friendly blue eyes within a lighted face, the music of his brogue, his
saggy blond hair and his resolve not to hurt Tenchi, made him someone
easy to like. "I only hope otousan isn't in a teasing mood, I'm
bushed," his words sound as old as the sun.

"How was school, musuko?" a happy tone in Nobuyuki's words as Tenchi
opens the door.

"You really don't want to know, otousan," the young man collapses into
the shotgun seat and closes his eyes to the world.

Deciding rest is what his son's needs, the older man drives away from
the school. Tenchi could hear his father hum his favorite tune,
'Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds'. "You seem happy," Tenchi comments
without opening his eyes.

"I am, musuko," replies Nobuyuki while old memories play themselves on
his tan face. "I met an old friend of our family. She was your
okachan's friend and someone I've not seen in twenty years."

Tenchi's brown eyes open as curiosity quickly overcomes his exhaustion.
Nobuyuki sees the questing look in his son's face and so tells his
story, "I knew your okachan and her otousama for a long time. I liked
him for the way he treated me like a man and I liked her because it was
impossible not to. Then one day, her otousama brought a horribly
drenched little child out of the heavy rain. 'I found this honoo-chan
about to be put out. We need to take care of her until her parents
come'. She was a pitiful sight to see, shivering in her wet clothes,
with her emerald eyes dulled by fear and fatigue. We quickly strip her, 
dried her slim body and wrapped her in a thick red blanket. Your okachan and
I held her between us, trying to keep her warm with our body heat while
otousama told us one of his stories about the Ryokoakurei. The
telephone lines were down so we waited for the rain to stop. Looking
down at the child with the damp red hair, then feeling my right hand
holding your okachan's left hand, I wondered if this is how it felt to
have a kazoku (family).

"When the rain let up the next day, I walked into town to the closest
koban (a police box) to report finding a lost child. The policemen let
me use his bicycle to get back to the shrine. While waiting for her
family, we comfort her, play games with her and learn her name,
Ninjin-chan. We knew that wasn't her name, she being a Westerner, but
she insisted that was what her otousama called her. Her family came in
the afternoon. Like a fireball she ran into her otousama's arms, crying
she was sorry for running away. Her otousama smiled as he replied,
'Ninjin-chan, as long as there is love, there is forgiveness'. Facing
us the little one's otousama asked if there was someway he could repay
our kindness. Your okachan's otousama replied that letting the child
come to the shrine, to be his musume's (daughter's) friend, would repay
the debt. So Ninjin-chan came to the shrine, almost every weekend for
four years, bearing gifts of food and merriment to the shrine. It
wasn't until later we found out her real name, Dana, but by that time
we could only think of her as Ninjin-chan," a sad look appears in the
older Masaki's eyes.

Tenchi sees the emotion in his father's face and asks, "What happened?"

"Her father was in the Beigun (U.S. armed forces). So in 1973, he was
transferred back to the Beikoku (United States). Ninjin-chin didn't
want to go but she loved her okasama and otousama. I can still remember
the tears raining down her pink cheeks, clouding those little emerald
eyes. We watched her board a jet and she took a piece of our hearts
with her." The sadness in his heart transforms into joy when he adds,
"But now she is back. A little older, a little wiser but she is still
Ninjin-chan."

"I'm happy for you, otousan," a smile on the youth's face.

"Oi, I just remembered, I need to stop at the film club to drop off my
film and pick up my pictures and tape from yesterday," Nobuyuki tone
becoming serious while changing the direction of the van. For once
Tenchi was glad to be with his dad.
**********
As Nobuyuki's van pulls up to a one-story brick building, not far from
the Ohara Museum of Art, a light green pickup goes by him only to come
to a stop in front of a bookstore. MacClean looks into his rearview
mirror and sees a black-haired man walk into the red building, with
several rolls of film in his tan, while the short haired boy in the
shotgun seat closes his eyes to take a nap. Fifteen minutes later, the
man reappears. While Nobuyuki's walks to the van's door, his constant
glances alert MacClean. The brown-eyed man opens the driver's
door, quickly jumps in and slams the door, which wakes the youth. As
Nobuyuki turnover the van's engine, he draws a VHS tape from under his
brown coat and waves it at his son. The sleepiness in the young man's
brown eyes changes to terror when the older man's words penetrate his
gray brain. "I wonder what happened?" MacClean muses.
**********
"We were just lucky I walked in when I did, musuko," concern plain in
Nobuyuki's face. "Two fishermen brought in a camcorder they pulled out
of the Seto Naikai (Inland Sea). Today's volunteer, Nakao Seigo, put
the tape in the video player to see if it was still good. I went into
the repair shop just as he pushed the start button. What we saw filled
him with awe and me with alarm. The film showed Ryoko's/Ayeka's
spaceships plunging toward the sea. Then a bright flash occurred,
causing the camcorder to lose the image, but the last part of the tape
showed the spaceship tumbling straight at the lens. Nakao-san ran out
the door to get to a telephone. While he was gone, I grabbed the tape
and slipped away."

"Does Nakao-sama realize you took the tape?" asks Tenchi, his body
stiff with panic.

"I don't think so," replies his father. "Other people came in while he
was gone. So it's possible he will not make the connection, but I'm
sure he was calling the keisatsu (police). They might especially if a
certain redhead is with them."

"Who?" puzzles Tenchi.

"Ninjin-chan is an akapori. She works for the American FBI. They are
helping the NZK investigate the destruction of the Seto-ohashi Bridge,"
Nobuyuki's tone becoming deadly serious as he drives the van to their
home. "Her nerves are sharp enough to find the tape."
**********
4:05 p.m. Police Forensic Lab, Okayama
Scully's hopes disappear when her findings show nothing unusual about
Tomas Long's corpse. Long's body is rather ordinary: no tattoos, no
extra organs or foreign bodies. The only missing item is the contact
lens for his left eye. Since Scully finds nothing unusual, she decides
to burn some time with an autopsy of the white, longhair ferret. A DNA
report, from a blood sample, is already in her hands but it produces as
many questions as answers. The report's raw data confirms Scully's
belief of the creature's earthly origins but with several twists that
could only lead her to several unbending facts. The DNA string is
Terran but with evolutionary changes suggesting that the creature's
ancestors have not had contact with its earthly brethren for over
thirty thousand years. The animal didn't match any known breeds, either
natural or manmade, yet it's obviously a hybrid of great precision,
with subtle changes in each section of the DNA string to produce an
exact copy of the parent.

After reading the DNA report, Scully reexamines the clues the animal's
body reveals to her. The eyes are normal except for one little fact,
they were not meant to look at the Earth's sky. The number of red, blue
and green receivers Scully found means that the creature's home sun
produce more green in its rays, much like Earth's sun produces more
blue in its emissions. The stomach still contains undigested, uncooked
rice seeds but its origins are strange. The report on the rice shows
it's of a species of Nihon rice that had died out in this country; the
only samples are from archeological sites dating back thirty thousand
years.

As Scully steps out into the hall, an assistant gives her a report from
the metallurgy lab. The report's conclusions causes even more concern
in Scully's scientific mind. The beautiful collar contains gems of
unknown origin and the metal is an alloy, which can only be produce in
zero gravity. "This thing has Nihongo writing on it," mumbles Scully.
"These facts will add fuel to Mulder's fire."
**********
When Nobuyuki's van leaves the small brick building behind, MacClean
decides to investigate the building first. Waiting fifteen minutes to
make sure of his plan, the gray-eyed man gets out of the pickup, pulls
on a flashy green coat, places a Sacramento King's cap on his head and
slings his camera bag over his neck. Closing the vehicle's door, he
walks over to the building and enters through the glass door. He
removes his shoes, checks the register on the left wall and takes only
a few seconds to find his goal, the Kurashiki Film Club. Walking down
the hall, he reaches the club's main entrance, the film club actually
occupies five rooms, and opens the wood door. Eight feet in front of
the door, against the left wall, is the young club's receptionist. She
stands up, bows deeply to him, and asks in a sweet voice, "Tasuke ni
naru wa (Can I help you?)."

"Wa (I) . . . tsurisuto (tourist) . . . ni . . . anata no (your) . . .
kirei na (beautiful) . . . kuni (land)," MacClean purposely fumbles
over his Nihongo.

A kind smile appears on her red lips and says, "I speak English."

MacClean returns the lady's smile and replies, "Thank you. A friend of
mine suggested you could help me in developing my pictures for me. I
like to do them myself but I just can't wait until I get back home."

"I think we can help you, Mr . . . ?" the youth asking a polite
question to him.

"Harry Douglas," he replies.

"Douglas-san, one of our volunteers will help you just as soon as the
person is available," she informs him as she points her left hand at an
empty seat.

"Thank you, again," he allows a note of appreciation in his voice.

As MacClean sits, the blue hair receptionist asks, "Would you like some 
tea?"

"That would be wonderful," courtesy in his every word. When she goes to
get him the tea, MacClean sees three men enter through the main
entrance. He quickly recognizes Chief Detective Goto Henry, standing in
front of the two other men. MacClean averts his eyes and wishes he
could hide since the policeman wouldn't accept the presence, of
Kawatta-san (Mr. Weird), as chance.  A young man in blue jeans walks
over to Goto, all four bow and he give the detective his card. "I'm the
club's repairman," his voice fills with pride. "One of our members
found a camcorder in the Seto Naikai, not far from the Seto-ohashi
Bridge, the VHS tape inside is still good. I'll show it to you." The
Young man turns to left and takes the three officers toward another
room.

As soon as they close the other room's door, MacClean gets up,
carefully opens the front door and leaves. Going down the hall he
remembers Mulder mentioning going to an Italian restaurant. The door
behind him clicks close just as the receptionist returns with the
steaming tea. "Where did he go?" the young lady puzzles over his
absence. "Are all gaijins like this?"
**********
Ryoko floats along a dark forest path while she lets chance to lead
her. With Sasami cleaning the house, the cyan-haired woman didn't want
to get talk into helping the child, the uchu kaizoku never considers
household chores as part of her resume. It wasn't until she stands next
to a large pool, with a great sacred tree in the middle of it, does she
realize what her journey brings her to. "Maybe chance didn't lead me
here," soft words revealing her own notions. Since the return of her
GEM, she could sometimes hear a faint voice in her mind. She couldn't
make out the words but she could feel their care, their warmth for her.
"I'd better get this over with before my hand loses contact," her words
fill with calm resolve.

Ryoko walks over to the pool's edge, kneels to takes a palm of water to
her lips, cleanses her mouth with the liquid and spits it out on the
ground. Ryoko stands up, fades from the shore and reappears in front of
the huge trunk, wearing a deep red kimono. She claps her hands twice
and begins to talk, "I'm not good at this, Funaho-Ki (tree)/Yosho-sama,
I never was. I'm here to thank you for what you did to me," her voice
quivering with every word. "When you defeated me, when you took my GEMS
away from me, you could have destroyed my body. There was nothing to
stop you, nothing, but you didn't. You pick me up tenderly, carried me
into the cave and carefully laid me in the pool. You seem to know there
was something else in me besides the akurei no hakai (demon of
destruction).

"When the chamber closed, I saw nothing, I heard nothing, I smelled
nothing, I touched nothing and I tasted nothing. As days became weeks,
weeks turn into months and months became years, I allow my wordless
rage to scream at the heavens until it was replaced with begging cries
for release, the head I held up high was brought low," Ryoko's memories
causing her body to shake. "The cave burned away all of my arrogance,
my bloodlust and my self-pity. The only thing left to me were prayers
for forgiveness.

"I couldn't leave my body on my own. I know I couldn't because I had
tried so many times before, yet there I was, outside the cave," her
gold eyes reflect awe. "At first I didn't see the colors, the clouds
or the trees, for my mind had been reduced to dust. Then I thought it
was a dream story, the tricks of the insane. Then I saw the
black-haired woman. On her back she carried a male child in a
haversack. As they passed by, I looked into the child's brown eyes and
he looked back," joy echoes in Ryoko's voice. "HE SAW ME! HE REACHED
OUT TO ME! HE GAVE ME HOPE! Every day the woman, his okasan, brought
him to the entrance of the cave I changed. By watching the kochan, his
okasan, his otousan and his ojiisan, I learned how it was to be a human
being, how it was to love.

"You two gave me a new life, a second chance and I won't throw it
away," her words of conviction match the glow in her amber eyes. Ryoko
turns away from the holy tree, flies into the sky and teleports away. A
few minutes later Katsuhito steps out of the underbrush. He takes off
his glasses to clean them with a tan handkerchief as he walks to
Funaho. After he places his glasses back on, the priest's right palm
caresses the trunk of his bondmate and says in a gentle voice, "I
didn't kill her, Funaho-Ki, I just couldn't. You felt it, I know you
did. When the GEMS became part of Tenchikan, I knew every aspect of her
ki. I knew then Ryoko-san was not totally ja'akuna (wicked), she just
needed a light to bring her out of the dark." Funaho responds with a
dance of lights from her leaves to the surface of the pond. A touch of
mirth enters his face as he continues, "Besides, her okasama would've
killed me."
**********
4:16 p.m. Rentenchi Italian Restaurant, Kurashiki
Shattered light passes through the stained glass windows to enter the
Italian restaurant as Mulder and Hideyuki finish their meal. Biting
down on a piece of garlic bread, Mulder realizes Scully is probably
finish with her examinations. Mulder swallows his food and looks at
his guide, "Could you call the Okayama forensic lab for me. It's time
to check in with Scully."

"Hai, Mulder-san," the young officer pulls out the cellphone, presses
the buttons smoothly and puts it to his ear. After a few seconds he
starts to talk, "This is Officer Hideyuki, please connect me to the
forensic lab." A few more seconds go by as the youth waits patiently.
"Scully-dono, Mulder-san wants to talk to you," Hideyuki tells her,
then hands the device to Mulder.

"Scully, did you find anything on Long's autopsy?" Mulder's voice
becomes very resolute.

"No, but I found some curious facts from the autopsy of the white animal
and its collar," Scully replies in a calm voice. "I'm going to our
hotel to freshen up and to eat dinner. Why don't you and Hideyuki meet
me there?"

"We're on our way," urgent words come from Mulder's lips, he knows the
only reason Scully wouldn't speak over the cellphone is the explosive
nature of her findings. Mulder rushes to the door while he leaves
Hideyuki to pay the tab. The American is unaware of a man stepping into
his path until they collide. "Oh, sorry!" the agent replies offhand.

"Hey! Watch where you going, greenhorn!" the man snarls at Mulder. Only
then did Mulder notice the blue-eyed man is dress as a cowboy: with a
tan vest, light brown Stetson hat and blue jeans. Mulder sees the tall
leather boots as he puts his shoes back on, goes out the entrance and
continues to Hideyuki's car. The younger man's quicksteps to catch up
with Mulder. When Mulder bends to get into the car, he feels something
in his coat pocket. After hooking on his seatbelt, he reaches in and
pulls out a piece of paper. English words on the paper tells him to go
to the Kurashiki Film Club.

"Plans have changed again, Hideyuki. We're going here," a hint of anger
in his voice, Mulder didn't like being pull around by his nose.

The young man nods as Mulder shows him the note and says to the
American, "Hai, it's only fifteen minutes from here." Before handing
Mulder the cellphone, Hideyuki hits the redial and asks the operator to
get Scully again.

"Scully, someone just slipped a note. It tells me to go to a local film
club," a note of urgency in his voice. "I'm heading over there right
now."

"I'll catch the San-yo train to Kurashiki, I should arrive at the rail
station in less than one hour," a questioning tone enters her voice.
"What do you think you'll find there, Mulder?"

"I'm not sure, Scully, but it seems I'm being given a trail of
breadcrumbs to follow," Mulder replies just before cutting the
transmission.

"Let's hope the blackbirds haven't gotten to them. Well, let's see what
kind of bento box is sold at the station," her own words reveal just
how often she depends on fast food since joining the X-Flies.
**********
The reflection of a bloody sun upon the surface of a mountain lake
shows a sky on fire. These scattered rays come through the princesses'
bedroom window, tinting every object within. No sounds come from
Princess Ayeka as she places down the required implements for the
ceremony. The lady kneels on a white cushion with a small, plain wooden
table in front of her. On the left side of the table is a palm-size
holographic projector and on the right is a dirk blade, which is wrap
tightly with white paper instead of a handle. She reaches to the
projector and turns it on. A six-inch image of a young man, in formal
court attire, appears before her. A voice like the failing breeze in a
graveyard comes from her pink lips, "I have no more tears to shed, yet
my heart still aches. I'm empty inside for all that was is gone.
Nothing to stay."

She opens the top of her pure white kimono, lets it fall to her waist
and reveals two small breasts of young womanhood. As her right-hand
picks up the blade by its paper wrapping, she hears a noise behind her.
Looking over her right shoulder, the princess' ruby eyes go wide as
Ryoko passes through the windowpane. Words of anger die on her noble
lips as she sees Ryoko wears a black and white jumper that reaches just
above her ample bosom, allowing complete freedom of movement for her
arms. Ayeka faces forwards again while her soft sad voice touches the
cyan-haired woman's ears, "I see even you know something of our ways.
So I ask you to be my kaishaku (second)."

"Oujosa . . . " Ryoko fumbles other the word.

"I sigh with a blue breath. Just help release me, nothing else," Ayeka
cuts off Ryoko words.

"Then you don't care about Sasami-chan, nothing about Jurai," Ryoko's
sharp words cut through Ayeka.

"They told me not to go. They told me you killed him and Jurai needed
me. All they told me was a LIE!" screams Ayeka. "I brought SHAME upon
my otousama, upon my okosama! I allowed my FOOLISH DREAMS to take me
away to my itoshii! What did I find? Not LOVE, not JOINING, I found
DISGRACE! My NIISAN cared nothing for me, NOTHING! His WORDS held no
love but I knew not the world enough to SEE it! I can hear their
LAUGHTER, smirking words of contempt for a FUTILE JOURNEY! You stripped
away all my DELUSIONS. You showed me the TRUTH! Sasami doesn't need me!
She has YOU! Why should she want someone who's WORLD was nothing but
SMOKE." As those last words fly out of her lips, Ayeka uses both hands
to bring the blade above her exposed neck, at arms' length. Suddenly a
white-gloved hand grasps the deadly end and prevents the deadly
object's decent.

Shock fills the princess' face as she looks up into those yellow eyes,
sees the rage in Ryoko's face and hears it in her words, "Have you
forgotten those WORDS! The words every Jurai kochan knows by HEART! The
words every sentient being speaks when he talks about Jurai: MEIYO
(HONOR), GIMU (DUTY), AND KAZOKU (FAMILY)! Your SEPPUKU will destroy
your KAZOKU! Your otousama and okasamas will be looked upon with
contempt for losing a musuko and a musume! Sasami-chan's KI will be
crushed for you are doing the same thing you've ACCUSED Yosho-sama of
doing to you, taking the soft flower of Sasami-chan's love and CRUSHING
IT! How can you think anyone can take your place in her HEART? She CAME
with you, she BELIEVED in your journey and she GAVE up everything! She
gives love freely to EVERYONE but her LOVE for you is SPECIAL!

"What about Tenchi! He is your niisan's progeny! Do you not have a GIMU
to show him the greatness of Jurai? Your SEPPUKU will only show him the
FLAWS, nothing of its NOBLENESS! You have the MEIYO to bring into the
Jurai Royal Family a bright new STAR! If my words cannot remove the
BLINDNESS from your EYES, then END IT!" Ryoko lets go of the blade, her
body glides up in the air and passes through the door while she keeps
her raging eyes on the shocked princess.

Conflicting emotions seethe within Ayeka's mind, which shuts down all
her senses. Little by little her mind clutches at the uchu kaizoku's
words. 'Have I fallen so far that I see only darkness?' As those words
echo in her mind, she feels moisture touch her breasts. Several drops
of red blood are on her chest. Ayeka looks at the blade hovering in her
shaking hands, her astonished eyes behold its sharp metal is wet with
Ryoko's blood.

Ryoko blindly flies to the stairway in the front entrance and goes down
it. The cyan-haired woman is but three feet away from Katsuhito before
she sees him on the steps. The old priest recognizes a flood of anguish
in her face before she pushes it back inside. As she begins to float
around him, he sees the speckle trail of blood behind her. He takes her
right hand with his right hand and observes the ribbon of blood on the
field of white. "I want to thank you for saving Ayeka-san. Her death
would bring nothing but ruin to this house," a tone of respect in the
priest's words.

Ryoko spins toward Katsuhito, brings her face just inches from his and
a low growl comes from her lips, "I did this for Sasami-chan. She is
the first one to treat me like a human being, not as a kaibutsu
(monster). If not for Sasami-chan's compassion, I would've loved to be
Ayeka-san's kaishaku." Jerking her hand out of Katsuhito's grip, he
watches her fly up and pass through the ceiling while his ears detect
the soft closing of the kitchen's door.

The elder walks to the front door, puts his shoes back on and goes out.
He heads back to the shrine with relief on his face. He no longer needs
to complete his trek to Ayeka's room. Sasami's early words made him
believe his one choice is to reveal young Yosho to Ayeka, to show her
sacrifice is not futile but Ryoko's aid, done for affection, changes
everything. Looking at a pink dusk sky the old man softly says, "Please
my hotaru (firefly), don't let your light go out."
**********
4:39 p.m., Kurashiki Film Club
The pretty receptionist looks up as two shoeless men enter through the
front door. 'Oh . . . No . . . another gaijin,' these soundless words
fill her mind. Getting up she bows to them and saying in English, "Can
I help you?" Her brown eyes linger on the American's companion. 'He's
kawaii,' she thinks. Showing their badges, the young woman responds,
"You just missed the other police."

"Oh . . . what did they do here?" perplexity in Mulder's voice.

"Just asked questions about a VHS tape and took a list of our current
members," she replies as her eyes shift from Hideyuki to Mulder.

"Can we have a copy of the same list?" courtesy in Hideyuki's words.

"Oke," blushes on her cheeks. She reaches down into a drawer and gives
Hideyuki the list.

Bowing, Hideyuki says, "Domo arigato." She returns his bow.

Hideyuki hands the list to Mulder. Mulder finds it is in Nihongo and
says, "I . . . I'll give this to Scully."

After all three bow again, the two men leave. "I hope that kawaii
yatsu (guy) comes back," she sighs.

As the two men get into Hideyuki's car, two darkly dressed men go into
the same brick building.
**********
"What are we going to do, otousan?" Tenchi fearfully asks.

"I don't know, musuko," worry plain in Nobuyuki's voice as he drives
the van toward their home. "We can't erase it but with today's
technology, you can reconstruct any image recorded on tape."

"How about a magnet?" hope born within Tenchi's brown eyes.

"It's a possibility," the father's hope matching his son's. "We need a
large magnet, but we still have a couple of problems."

"Oi . . . ?" wonders Tenchi.

"You haven't been listening to WHOSHI," concern fills his father's own
brown eyes.

"Your favorite radio station?" Tenchi questions, he looks hard at
Nobuyuki.

"Kawatta-san gave a recap, of the last forty-eight hours, on his noon
program. He tells about the high school fire, what happened to our
house, and the destruction of the Seto-ohashi Bridge," Nobuyuki turns
the wheel left to bring the van into their home's driveway. "If any of
the jinkoro (police) listens to him and notes my name on the film
club's membership list, we can expect to become their prey."

"And the other problem?" Tenchi's fear turning into terror.

"Two lovelies with chichi kurushii (pretty boobs) and a pinku rozu-chan
(little pink rose)," Nobuyuki replies half in jest while Tenchi rolls
his eyes skyward.
**********
The door to the princesses' room opens and Ayeka pokes her
purple-haired head out to check the hallway. Ryoko's angry words rain
ice water on her ego and made the horrified lady realize how own
self-pity made her choose the darkness over the light yet she knows
it's not over. She perceives it lurks on the edges of her
consciousness, ready to slip back in to claim her. "As long as I have
Sasami's love and my duty to my kazoku, to Tenchi-sama, I can fight
it," Ayeka murmurs quietly to herself while her ruby eyes scan
right-to-left. She already places the ritual instruments away before
Sasami could see them but the uchu kaizoku's life waters still stain
her breasts and shoulders.

Ayeka covers her body with the white kimono, goes into the hallway and
heads for the stairs to the main entrance. On stocking feet the lady
noiselessly works her way down and walks toward the furo (bath). For a
second Ayeka freezes when she sees the door to the kitchen open and
hears Sasami preparing dinner. Peeking in, she notices the little
child's back to her. Ayeka takes a big step to get across the threshold
and enters the furo, unaware of a giggling Sasami who sees the points of
her big sister's purple ponytails but neither one notice a pair of
feline eyes watching the little dance. With a catlike grin, made all
the more by her incisors, Ryoko whispers to herself, "It's time for
phase two."

Ayeka quickly undresses and goes into the washroom. Light green marble
tiles cover the furo's floor and half of the walls with ribbons of gold
in each piece. Turning on the bath water, the young lady takes a hand held 
showerhead to rinse her body before soaping up. As she sits on the
little stool, soapsuds cover her pink body, her thoughts start to
wander, "Why did that bakemono help me? Why?" Ayeka shakes her head,
then washes the soap away, happy with how clean her breasts are.
Suddenly a pair of hands comes out from under her armpits, reaches up
to cup both her breasts and pinches the nipples. Ayeka's face is beet
red as she feels two large mounds press into her shoulder blades and a
sweet voice breathes into her ear, "I told you I was a
chijo (female pervert)."

Ayeka lets out a shriek as she bolts out of Ryoko's embrace only to
fall into the furo's hot water. As her purple head breaks the surface,
her mouth coughing out inhaled water, her eyes go wide as she sees the
nude uchu kaizoku leaping toward her, a gleam in those yellow eyes.
Ayeka franticly struggles to the edge of the tiled furo but feels the
cyan-haired woman's body push her under the steaming water. Fear
freezes the princess' heart as her body senses Ryoko's hands touch and
pinch her breasts, ass and vagina while Ryoko tongue licks the area
just behind Ayeka's right ear. Panic brings Ayeka's mind into action as
she jumps over the furo and lands running for the exit. Fleeing to the
stairway near the main entrance, she hears echoes of crazed laughter
behind her. She turns left and leaps up the stairs two, sometimes
three, steps at a time; she is completely unaware of the outside door
opening behind her.

"Tadai . . . " Nobuyuki's and Tenchi's words of homecoming die as the
two pairs of brown eyes behold her Highness rapidly moving behind.
Nobuyuki's mouth drops open in a gaze of pure lechery while Tenchi,
with bulging eyes, finds the taste of blood in his mouth. After the nude
figure turns a corner, disappearing onto the third floor, both men see
Sasami stomping her way to the washroom where chuckles of laughter come
from. The blue-haired child stands at the threshold, shakes a frying
pan toward the source of the noise and says in an angry voice,
"Ryoko-neechan! YANCHASHOJO (NAUGHTY GIRL)!"

Nude Ryoko steps up to the pink-eyed child, bends down to kiss Sasami's
forehead and replies in a mischievous voice, "An akurei (demon) got to
do what an akurei got to do." Her smile goes wide as she looks up to
see Tenchi, before the lady with two bouncy breasts fades away. "And me
without a camera," moans Nobuyuki.
**********
Kagato's holds his head between his hands as another roar of laughter
rams through his mind, which leaves agony in its wake. "SHUT UP YOU
LITTLE CRAB!" he screams.

'I'm causing you pain, son? GOOD!' with these mental words the feminine
laughter reaches a new agonizing level. With a quick twist of his
consciousness, Kagato rips to shred the link between his mother and
himself. As the throbbing ache slow fades from his head, the
white-haired man decides his need for the link is no longer necessary.
It was by this means he influences her actions, controls her through
sleep's dreams. In the end, she sires the daughter he wants, not as a
rival to claim his mother's greatest possession but as a weapon to
bring all his schemes into existence.

With his new sister, he tricks his mother into creating a crystal
prison to hold anyone who might try to take her children away from her.
"Please test it, mommy. Make sure no one will bring tears into your
life again," are the words he places in his naive sister's mouth.
Delicious is the cries that come from his mommy's mind and his sister's
lips when he betrays them.

With little concern he seizes his sister's mind and erases the soul his
mother placed there; it's only later out of boredom does Kagato give
his weapon a warped cognizance, an eater of worlds and a drinker of
souls. The disappearance of his sister produce changes in Kagato's
plans but now, after seven hundred years, his instrument is active
again. As the red-eyed man approaches a little known Jurain
protectorate, he is sensitive to the possibility of his most precious
scheme will soon bare fruit, very soon. Yet one lingering thought still
bounces in his cerebral matter, 'Why is she so happy?'
**********

Chapter Four: Photographs and Memories
5:16 p.m. Kurashiki Terminal, Kurashiki
Right on time the San-yo train pulls into the terminal, returning
Scully's freedom from this sardine can. The redhead remembers how pack
these passenger cars could get but never like this, especially since
one of her fellow kippers is a sawari-ma (touch-devil). "Next time I'm
bringing my handcuffs," Scully words match the green fire in her eyes.

The door opens to vomit its victims onto the ramp, each person rushes
to the exit in hopes of catching a cab, a bite of food or a loved one.
Scully heads to the waving Mulder and Hideyuki. Mulder looks at her
mess up appearance and volunteers, "your skirt is caught on your panty,
let me . . . "

"No thank you, Mulder, I'll do it," a dangerous glare in her emerald
eyes, "One male hand up there in one day is enough for me." Hideyuki
mufflers a laugh while a touch of amusement appears in Mulder's pale
green eyes.

With the trio walking to the car, Mulder explains the trail produce by
the mysterious message and gives Scully the list, "I think someone on
this list stole the tape and I'm sure we can find that person."

"Do you suspect anyone?" Scully glances at her partner as they reach
Hideyuki's car.

"Some mysterious events occurred in the Tezuka District of Greater
Kurashiki. These events included an aerial battle between two UFOs. One
of these UFOs might be the one which crashed into the Seto-ohashi
Bridge. One name kept on appearing as a lightening rod for all these
events, Masaki."

Scully's redhead jerks up at the mention of the name, shock visibly on
her fair face, "You're sure, Mulder?"

"The name appears too many times for it to be coincidental, Scu . . . "
Mulder's voice pauses as he sees Scully's emerald eyes go wide. "What
is it?"

Trying to keep her voice neutral, Scully replies, "There's a Masaki
Nobiyuki on this list."

"Hmm . . . the neighbors reported the Masaki-san home mysteriously moved
from the Tezuka District to a lake near a Shinto shrine," speaks up
Hideyuki.

"Can we get a warrant to search the Masaki home?" Mulder asks Hideyuki.

"Hai, Mulder-san," replies the young man.

"Then I think we should visit the Masaki," informs Mulder.

Two hours later, the trio nears the turnoff to the Masaki Shrine,
warrant in hand. In just seventy minutes the agents receive the piece
of paper due to the nature of the investigation. Noting the silence of
his partner, Mulder turns his head to Scully and asks, "So what did the
Okayama lab reports reveal?"

Barely hearing her partner's voice over the roaring dread within her
mind, Scully's body slightly jerks before she answers, "The reports
stated the animal is of unknown origins. It was once Terrain but has
not existed on this planet for thirty thousand years. The collar is
made of unknown materials which can only be created in zero gravity.
So much for the pet theory."

"It still could be someone pet but the owner might be a little green,"
a gleam appears in Mulder's eyes as Hideyuki turns onto Masaki home's dirt 
driveway.
**********
7:30 p.m. Masaki Residence
Walking toward his room with arms full of wire, a small generator and a
medium size bar of iron, Tenchi pauses as the door to the princesses'
room slides open to reveal Ayeka, dress in her purple kimono. Glancing
in both directions to make sure a certain cyan-haired woman is not
within striking distance, her ruby eyes fix on the young man and asks,
"Tenchi-sama, could you ask Sasami to bring me something to eat,"
Tenchi nods to her as he could sense tenseness in her words. "Domo
arigato," she returns before sliding the door close.

Tenchi quickly deposits the parts on his desk before going down the
library stairs, the quickest route to the kitchen, where Sasami is
washing the dishes from tonight's dinner. Seeing the child by herself
Tenchi asks, "Wasn't Ryoko suppose to help you dry them?"

"Ryoko-neechan disappeared right after dinner, Tenchi-san," her happy
voice matches the sparkle in the little one's pink eyes.

"Let me take over for you, Sasami-chan," Tenchi suggests. "Ayeka-san
asked me to see if you could get her something to eat."

"Yaappii (Yippee)!" shouts the jumping child, her ponytails bounce to
her leap. "Oneesama is back!" She quickly hugs a surprised Tenchi then
turns to the refrigerator to fulfill Ayeka's request.

The youth finishes the dishes just in time to see the light-footed
child run out the door, with a bento box in her hands, and hear her
scamper up the stairs. A couple minutes later a puzzled Nobuyuki comes
through the same door, "I heard Sasami-chan's shout. What was it all
about?"

"Ayeka-san asked for some food," answers the perplexed youth.

The older Masaki smiles at his son's news and goes back into the living
room to watch some television. Pushing the on switch, his smiling grows
wider, "I wonder how long segare's dotei (virginity) will last?"

In his room, Tenchi begins to work on building the electromagnet when
he feels a pair of arms surround his neck and a nose touch his left
ear, "What's you working on Tenchi?"

'I must be getting use to this,' Tenchi notes his body's bare reaction to 
Ryoko's touch. Deciding he didn't want her to know about the tape
because she might blow up half the house trying to burn it, he replies,
"Ryoko, I'm building a project for my science sensei."

"Oi," her voice full of boredom. Tenchi feels Ryoko's cyan hair brush
against his neck as she turns her head to the left. "Someone's here."
Suspicion fills her amber eyes as she teleports away. She appears on
the home's roof where Ryoko views three individuals walking away from a
small car next to the lake.

Tenchi runs halfway down the living room stairs before he whispers
harshly to his father as he tosses the tape to him, "Otousan! Hide the
tape! Someone is here!" Nobuyuki catches the tape and swiftly places it
with the rest of his tapes, in the storage drawer underneath the
television, before sitting back down.

A knock comes to the front door and Nobuyuki gets up to answer it.
Sliding the door open he sees Scully with two men, a young Nihonjin on
her left and an older American on her right. "Ninjin-chan?" surprise is
quite visible on his face.

"Ninjin-chan?" wonders the American man while the Nihonjin youth allows
a slight smile to appear before he suppresses it.

Ignoring her partners' inquirer, Scully says, "I'm sorry Masaki-san,
we're here officially." Scully presents Nobuyuki with the search
warrant, grief in her emerald eyes. "This is First Lieut. Hideyuki
Koyama, of the NZK, and my partner, Special Agent Fox Mulder, of the
American FBI. We're here to search, the house for evidence pertaining
to the destruction of the middle section of the Seto-ohashi Bridge.
Could you bring the rest of your family out so we can interview them?"

Seeing the pained expression on Scully's face, Nobuyuki puts on his
most toothy smile, "Don't worry Ninjin-chan, everything will be all
right." Turning around he calls to Tenchi, who stands at the top of the
main entrance stairs, "Musuko, why don't you roundup the rest of our
kazoku, except Ayeka-san." Looking over his shoulder at the agents,
"Ayeka-san has been sick for the last few days. I hope you're let her
stay in her bedroom."

"We can interview her there, Masaki-san," Scully's emotions warring
with her logical mind.

"Why don't we go into the living room?" suggests the still smiling
Nobuyuki while he points with his left hand in that direction. Scully
looks at Mulder who nods.

After taking off their shoes the trio follows the black-haired man
through the door on the left, Mulder asks Scully, "You know him from
twenty years ago?"

"He's an old friend of mine and I hope he still is after this," a
guilty tone to her voice.

"And Ninjin-chan?" asks a sly smiling Hideyuki.

"My nickname, created by my father while staying in Nihon," informs
Scully. "It means Little Carrot." This brings a humorous gleam to
Mulder's light green eyes.

As they enter the living room, Mulder sees a mix of traditional and
Western furniture. While a long leather coach dominates the room near
the huge expanse of a window, it also contains a chabudai in one corner
and a television set in a wood covey. Looking up Mulder's eyes see the
young man coming down the steps with a child and a young woman. When
they join Nobuyuki, Scully could see how identical Tenchi was to his
father at this same age.

"Why don't you introduce yourselves to our visitors?" invites Tenchi's
father.

The young man gives a short bow, "I'm Masaki Tenchi. Nobuyuki is my
otousan," a slight tremor to his voice.

Next comes the little child, "I'm Masaki Sasami, Tenchi-san's itoko
(cousin)." Scully notes the courtly bow the child gives them, she also
observes the little one's Asian features are less precise which
suggests mixed heritage. Mulder finds the contrast between blue hair
and pink eyes weird.

Lastly the young woman speaks, "I'm Hakubi Ryoko, Tenchi's watashi no
kare," happiness in her voice as she holds Tenchi's hand while a little
groan escapes from the young man. Scully sees a total absence of Asian
features in this young woman yet her Nihongo is perfect. Mulder
observes Ryoko's amber eyes, cyan hair, and red leather-and-chains
outfit as evidence of a participant in the Nihonjin Punk Rock scene.

"We'll try to get this over with as soon as possible, Masaki-san,"
Scully's voice matches the regret in her emerald eyes.

"Don't I get a chance to introduce myself?" a calm voice comes from the
kitchen entrance. Everyone looks toward the source and sees Katsuhito,
a trace of a smile on his face. The priest walks forward to them, bows
deeply, accepts Scully's handshake and says, "Konichiwa Ninjin-chan,
Nobuyuki told me he saw you at the beach. You bring happy memories in
your wake."

"I wish it was under better circumstances, Katsuhito-dono," Scully's
voice retreating further into sorrow.

"I heard your conversation at the door," a smiling Katsuhito replies in
slightly accented English which causes startle looks to come from
Nobuyuki, Tenchi, and Scully. He turns to shake Mulder's hand, "You are
Little Carrot's partner?"

"Yes sir," Mulder replies while she accepts the offered hand and notes
the priestly clothes. "I'm her gardener."

"Be careful, too much water will drown out her flame," the elder calmly
matches Mulder's tone.

"I'll make sure she gets plenty of sunshine," Mulder's sly tone turns
his smile into a grin.

"Where do you want to start the search?" A serious tone returns to the
priest's voice.

"Scully will do the interviews in the kitchen while Hideyuki and I
search separately," Mulder informs the elder. Turning to Hideyuki,
"I'll search the kitchen while you start with the top floor."

"Hai, Mulder-san," acknowledges Hideyuki as he goes up the steps with
Katsuhito right behind him.

As the two men head for separate destinations, Scully turns to the
others and says, "I'll interview you first, Nobuyuki-san."

"Oke," replies the black-haired man.

Entering the kitchen, both see Mulder pulling his head out of the
refrigerator, a disgusting look on his face and mumbling, "How can
anyone eat raw fish?"

"Finding anything interesting, Mulder?" a shadow of a smile on Scully's
lips.

"Only if you're a shark," her partner replies as he goes to a set of
covers.

Pulling out a black notebook from her coat pocket and a pen from her
white shirt pocket, Scully uses these mundane actions to reign in her
feelings. When Nobuyuki views the conflict within Scully's soul, he
wishes again his choice to help his son's new friends or help his old
friend is not his to make. "Your name?" her emerald eyes betraying the
calm in her voice.

"Masaki Nobuyuki," he replies evenly.

"Age?"

"Thirty-six years old."

"Occupation?"

"Chief Architect at the Kenminno Design Group."

"How many years?"

"Thirteen years."

"Married?"

"Otoko Yamome (widower)," his sad voice magnifies Scully's pain.

"Offspring?"

"A musuko, Masaki Tenchi."

"Starting three days ago, give a rundown of your activities in
chronological order."

"I went to work in Kurashiki. I answer a confirmation call from
Kekkibatto, the people who moved our house for us, to let me know they
would be moving the house at 4:00 p.m. I went back to work. Then I
picked up Tenchi at our home's old site and drove to the new location.
The next morning my mei (nieces), twenty-two-year-old Masaki Ayeka and
eight-year-old Masaki Sasami, came to stay with us for a while. At the
same time Tenchi's friend, Hakubi Ryoko, asked if she could rent a room
from me. I said yes. I went to work, leaving Tenchi home because he was
sick. At noontime I went to film the Seto-ohashi Bridge. I couldn't get
a good view of the bridge or the surrounding area because of the huge
crowd of onlookers. So I went back to work early. After work I went
home. The next day Tenchi was feeling better so I dropped him off at
his school. Again at noontime I tried to film the bridge. There I met a
friend who has a special place in my heart, Dana Scully. We talked for
a while and then I went back to work. After work I picked up my son,
stopped at my film club to drop off my film and then went home.

"Did you notice anything unusual at the film club?"

"Yes, one of the volunteers, I think the repairman, was excited about
something. Since my son was waiting for me in the car, I decided not to
stick around and see what it was all about."

"Do you know of the events happening in the Tezuka District?"

"Yes but by then my home was already moved. I only learn of the events
by listening to the radio."

Scully looks up at Nobuyuki with relief very visible on her face and
says, "That will be all, Masaki-san. Please send in your son."

"Are you alright, Scully?" Mulder notices the stress his partner is
feeling.

"I'll be fine, Mulder," Scully barely able to keep her emotions in
check.

"I've finished the kitchen," Mulder tells them, he realizes Scully is
far from fine. "I'll start on the living room." As Mulder walks through
the door, he bumps into Tenchi, sending the youth to the ground. "Sorry
about that," Mulder says as he helps the young man to stand.

"Boku warui (I'm at fault), Mulder-sama," replies the brown-eye youth.
Unable to understand the youth's words, Mulder looks Tenchi over
quickly to make sure he is all right and then continues out the door,
unaware of the amber glare from Ryoko.

Looking at the young man, Scully's emerald eyes view another ghost from
her past, Nobuyuki of twenty years ago. The same brown eyes, the same
black hair and the same shy shell that covers his true nature. She
blinks her eyes to clear out the past, then Scully says, "This won't
take long, Masaki-san." Tenchi nods to her but hopes his own tongue
doesn't reveal the truth.

"Name?"

"Masaki Tenchi?"

"Age?"

"Seventeen-year-old."

"Occupation?"

"A student at the Yama . . . eh . . .  Nagai High School."

"Parents?"

"Masaki Nobuyuki and Masaki Achika."

"Give me, in chronological order, an account of your activities for the
past two days," Scully tries to ask in a neutral voice.

"It was the first day of school. I did my usual routine: take a bath,
dress in my uniform, ate the choshoku otousan prepared and walked to
school. I went to my classes, met my old friends. During lunch break, I
walked up to the roof, to be by myself, and took a nap. I must have
been tired because I didn't wake up until almost dusk. I ran home as
fast as I could before the movers came. By the time I got there, they
had already done their job. I was lucky that otousan was waiting there
for me. We went home, ate dinner and I went to bed. The next morning I
woke up sickly, I guess that what happened on the roof was a warning.
Anyway, I stayed home but I wasn't alone. Besides jiichan, my itoko,
Masaki Ayeka and Masaki Sasami, came to visit us. Also my friend,
Ryo . . . eh . . . Hakubi Ryoko asked if she could stay with us until
she could afford her own apartment, otousan said yes before he left for
work. Most of the day I spent either in bed or trying to help make our
new guests comfortable. The next day I felt well enough to go to school
but must have brought home a bug because Ayeka-san became really sick
and has been in her room since. I had to play catch up in the lessons I
missed. After class otousan picked me up. I waited in his van while he
dropped some film off at his photography club and then we came home."

Scully notices a couple of places, in Tenchi's statement, where he
seems to trip over the words. Already marking those places, Scully's
emerald gaze locks on the boy brown eyes, then she asks, "You were late
leaving the high school. Did you see anyone else there?"

"Dare mo (no one)," Scully could see youth's body tense up.

"Your school was badly damaged by a fire that night," Scully probes as
she tries for a reaction out of Tenchi.

"I know, but I left before the fire started," Scully hears a touch of
guilt in the young man's voice.

"So you saw no one," asks Scully, to give the boy another chance.

"Dare mo," Tenchi repeats.

"You heard what happened to the Seto-ohashi Bridge?"

"Hai, it was terrible," anger very visible in his voice. "The bridge
had only been opened for the last four years. Such an act is criminal."
Scully catches what Tenchi unwittingly volunteered to her.

Quickly switching gears, Scully asks, "How long have you known Hakubi
Ryoko?"

"She's a new friend I met during my summer vacation, at jiichan's
shrine," his body relaxes.

"How did it happen?"

"She had heard about the Masaki Shrine and came to see it," the relief
vaporizes as Tenchi's realizes the agent's intentions. "She was curious
about the mountain shrine and she became friends with jiichan and
otousan."

Noting Tenchi's nervousness about Ryoko, a light smile touches Scully's
lips and she ask, "You like her?"

A mix of shock, fear and fondness plays across the young man's face as
he replies, "She's kinda wild for me."

Reaching her final question Scully asks, "When you and Nobuyuki-san
stopped at the film club, did anything strange happened."

"Mo," Tenchi tries to keep his voice neutral.

Scully thinks about Tenchi's answers, writes down a few notes while a
sad smile appears on her lips when she says, "I heard your okasan
(mother) died a long time ago. I'm sorry for your loss. She was a good
friend of mine. I will miss her."

Tenchi returns the sad smile and replies, "What was she like? I grind
my mind to see her face, to hear her voice and to feel her touch."

"On her heart are engraved all of those she loved. There was nothing
she wouldn't do for them, nothing," Remembering her duty, Scully sighs
and tells the youth, "You can go. Would you send in Hakubi Ryoko."

Going out the kitchen door Tenchi calls, "She wants to see you, Ryoko."
As they pass each other, the young man's whispers, "Don't hurt her.
She's a kazoku friend."

Ryoko shoots a quick yellow glare at Tenchi as she enters the kitchen.
Ryoko didn't like cops. In her five thousand years as an uchu kaizoku,
the only thing they bring to her is trouble. Many times Ryo-Ohki and
her face these guardians of law and order. Many times their broken
ships and bodies are signposts to her journey from one mission to the
next. To defeat them that way is easy but now she needs to develop new
tactics: a sword of words and a shield of lies.

With the sound of leather boots Scully looks up from her notebook. She
sees how relax Ryoko is in the tight red leather pants, vest, boots
and half-gloves, with a silvery chain belt. Scully knows the suit shows
the owner's personality: reckless and loud. Scully asks, "How you
doing, Hakubi-san?"

"Fine," Ryoko giving Scully an annoying look. "Could we hurry up? I've
got a party to go and rock."

"Oke," Scully eyes narrow. She's a hard case the redhead thinks.
"Name?"

"You already know that."

"Age?"

"A lady never reveals her age," a predatory smile on Ryoko's lips.

"Occupation?"

"I've tried everything at least once. Right now I'm between jobs."

"Parents."

"I . . . don't . . . remember . . . my parents," Scully senses the
crack in the woman's hard exterior.

"So you're an orphan?"

"Hai . . . I was born in South Vietnam. I was brought to the
St. Francis Xavier Kojiin (Orphanage), in Kagoshima, after Saigon fell.
None of my relatives came to claim me. For ten years I was under the
'tender' care of the Sisters," a gleam of anger in Ryoko's amber eyes.
"At the age of fourteen I ran away from the orphanage, deciding to find
my parents. I never did."

"No one adopted you?"

"I was named Mikie but the Sisters called me Koakuma, the Devil's
Child. I hated being paraded like a well-bred animal and so I let every
couple know it. In the end, the Sisters locked me away in a closet.
When I left them, I named myself Ryoko, after the legendary demon,"
Ryoko's words fill of pride.

"And Hakubi?"

"It was the name the Sisters found pinned to my shirt," the finality
echoes in Ryoko's words.

"Give me a chronological run down of the last three days," Scully takes
the hint.

"You don't ask for much, Aka-san (Miss. Red)," Ryoko sighs as a frown
appears on Scully's face. "Alright, let me think. Three days ago I
arrived at Osaka on a morning flight from Hong Kong. I had stopped in
Hong Kong for a concert. I spent most of the day bar hoping and
visiting old friends. I was so much a tigress, I barely remember
reaching Kurashiki by train. When I'm in Nihon, I stay with the Masaki.
I woke up the next morning in an empty lot. At first I thought I'd made
a mistake. Wasn't this where the Masaki home is located?

"Even with a hangover, I figured if I went to the Masaki Shrine that I
would find out what happened to the house. With barely enough money to
get a taxi I found myself standing at the lake with the house just
below the shrine. I asked Nobuyuki-san and Tenchi," a loving look
appears in the cyan-haired woman's face as she mentions the youth's
name, "if I could stay until I could afford to move on. They said yes
even though some relatives, kawaii Sasami and snotty Ayeka came to
visit."

"How long have you known the Masaki-zoku (family)?" asks Scully.

"It seems like forever since the day I've met them," her amber eyes
taking a dreamy stare. "It happened eight years ago, when I left the
kojiin. I was walking through the woods, near the shrine, when I found
a cave. My body ached so much from fatigue, I collapsed into a
dreamless sleep as soon as I entered it. A shonen's (boy's) voice awoke
me, allowing me to see Tenchi for the first time and my heart became
his. Thin, dirty and my clothes torn his ojiisan took pity on me and
made me the shrine's miko (shrine maiden). I stayed with Katsuhito-sama
for three years before I left them."

"Why did you leave?" Scully sees the longing in Ryoko's eyes.

"During his vacation, Tenchi would come to the shrine for training,"
pain fills Ryoko's eyes. "Each time I saw his lovely brown eyes, his
soft black hair and his strong body I wanted him but he wasn't ready.
So I said goodbye and went my way."

"You came back," a knowing look in Scully's emerald eyes.

Nodding her head slowly, a determined look appears on Ryoko's face as
she replies, "For the first time, to claim my Tenchi."

"Did you do anything else?" inquires Scully.

"Just babysat Sasami-chan while Ayeka-san was sick and ojiisan was busy
at the shrine," Ryoko answers with a small sly smile on her lips.

"So you don't know anything about what happened at the Seto-ohashi
Bridge?" Scully asks.

"Only what's been on the television news," Ryoko's voice taking on an
airy tone.

Checking her notes, Scully determines there are no more questions for
this woman in leather. "Until this investigation is completed, you'll
have to stay within the Okayama-ken," Scully informs Ryoko.

"That won't be a problem," joy in every word Ryoko speaks, "I'll never
leave Tenchi."

Seeing the resolve in the cyan-haired woman's face, Scully is very
certain about part of Tenchi's fate. "Let's go join the rest," Scully
says.

As the two ladies approach the door to the living room, a blue-hair
child skips through it. The startle women stop as Sasami wonders, "It's
my turn isn't it, Ryoko-neechan?"

"Oi . . . " Ryoko gives Scully a confused look.

"Well, ne ne (right)?" the child's little pout conveys a need to be
included.

Scully grins while she bends down to the child with the bouncy
ponytails and says, "Oke, I'll interview you." Ryoko continues to leave
the kitchen as Scully notes the little girl's quick glances to make
sure the agents' didn't damage anything. Scully's emerald eyes look the
child over, observant of the soft Nihonjin features. Seeing the little
one's bright pink eyes and small smile, Scully realizes how Sasami's
sunny spirit seems to lighten even her burden. Turning to the child
Scully tells her, "This won't take long."

"Oke," Scully missing Sasami's mischievous look on Sasami young face.

"Name?"

"Masaki Sasami."

"Age?"

"Eight."

"Occupation?"

"Cook"

"Oi . . . ?" a confused tone in Dana's voice.

"I do all the cooking here at the Tenchi-san otousan's home."

"Don't you go to school?"

"My ryoshins (parents) are wealthy, so I have tutors," Sasami informs
her.

"Where do you live?"

"My parents are moving to a new home," Sasami keeps a very straight
face. "It's the reason we're staying with Nobuyuki-san."

"Your parent's name?"

"Masaki Azusa, Masaki Misaki and Masaki Funaho"

"Oi . . . ?" confusion returns to the agent's voice.

"Misaki-okachan, Ayeka-oneesama's and mine haha (mother), is my
otousama's second wife," Sasami explains.

"You see Funaho-san?" Scully assumes Azusa divorce the first wife.

"All the time. Funaho-okachan is my otousama's closest advisor," Sasami
barely keeps from giggling at Scully's confusion.

"So they're still married?"

"People might say not but my ryoshins' hearts say differently," Sasami
replies.

"How does your okasama's feel about Funaho-san?" Scully curiosity
kindles.

"They are happy with each other," Sasami answers truthfully, "they call
each other oneesan (sister) all the time." Sasami puzzles when she sees
Scully's head suddenly snap up, her emerald eyes as big as saucers.

"Oi . . . tell me what you're been doing the last three days," Scully
tries to change the subject.

"Oke," replies the child with a speckle of strawberry freckles on her
little nose and cheeks. "I was traveling with my sister in our family's
flagship, the Ryu-oh. We were on our way to Honshu, from Balikpapan,
when we received a transmission from one of our family's ships, the
Funaho. A pirate ship, the infamous Ryo-Ohki, was attacking it. We were
frightened because our oniisama, Funaho-okachan's Yosho, is the
captain. When we reached Hiroshima, our neechan's ship was still being
reported missing. We took a taxi to the Masaki Shrine, reaching it the
following morning. During the trip, Ayeka-oneesama became sick with
worry over Yosho-oniisama. Ayeka-oneesama was so dejected, she went to
the room Nobuyuki-san gave us and hasn't come out since; she is very
close to Yosho-oniisama.

"Since coming here I've been doing all the cooking, something my
parents won't let me do at home. I got to see the family's Shinto
Shrine, visit Tenchi-san's ojiisama, Katsuhito-sama, and met
Ryoko-neechan, Tenchi-san's koibito."

"What do you think of Ryoko-san?"

"She's mujin no (wild) and fun."

"A real dancer."

"Oi ni (Very)," her blue ponytails swaying with her quick nods.

"How about Tenchi-san?"

"He exerts his kokoro all the time. I like him."

"And Katsuhito-san?"

"I like jiichan. He smiles a lot inside."

"What about Ink . . . eh . . . Nobuyuki-san?"

"I like him too but he seems to be sad even when he smiles," a touch of
concern in those pink eyes.
**********
Fragments of the conversation in the kitchen drifts into the living
room as Mulder continues his search for evidence. Tenchi looks up the
staircase, his brown eyes suddenly go wide as he remembers the
emotional state Ayeka is in, she could do anything. "Ryoko, otousan,
I'm going up stairs to see what taking jiichan and the officer so
long," spiky-haired woman and Tenchi's father both nod once while the
young man goes up the stairs. "I'm going out to get some fresh air,"
Nobuyuki tells Ryoko as he heads for the front door. Mulder finishes
checking the first floor benjo (toilet) and decides to return to the
living room. While he found the furo a nice variation to the Western
bathroom, the Asian squat toilet he views as an awkward balancing act.
As he walks to the hallway's entrance to the living room, he could hear
Tenchi going up the stairway. Stopping at the doorway, Mulder quietly
peeps in. Mulder sees an absolutely bored leather punk rocker in the
room. Hope enters Mulder's mind that the woman would follow the boy
because there is one place he wants to look at, the family's collection
of VHS taps in the drawer next to the player. Mulder knows its there, a
cow amongst the herd but he also knows if he tries to rustle it,
Hideyuki's life, Scully's life and his own could be found at the end of
a rope.

Ryoko lets out a sigh while she walks toward the television. The red
leather lady pushes the on switch and begins looking for anything
interesting. "What's this?" Ryoko wonders as she sees the VHS player.
Recalling Nobuyuki's instructions on operating the machine her amber
eyes scan the tape collection and finally locate a tape with no label.
"Maybe this is one of his hentai tapes," a lustful grin on her lips.
Mulder sees the cyan-haired woman pop the tape into the player but his
angle of vision makes it impossible to see the screen. Mulder watches
Ryoko golden eyes go from narrow boredom to wide terror as the tape
reveals its secret. Mulder's pale green eyes become saucers as the uchu
kaizoku's left arm goes back and up, her hand holding a translucent
ball of energy.
**********
As Scully looks down at her notes, she detects a conspiratorial pattern
in Sasami's answers with the truth barely conceal. "I think that will
be all, Sasami-san. Domo Arigato."

"Could I ask you a question, Scully-san?" interest is plain in Sasami
tone.

"Go ahead," Scully curious about the child's inquiry.

"Do you like Tenchi's otousan?" Sasami asks deadpan.

"Oi . . . why does you ask?" Scully's right hand tries to cover the
blush on her cheeks.

"It's the way otousan and you look at each other," a playful tone to
the child's words. Sasami turns to go out to the living room.

Then Scully remembers the name on the furry animal's collar. The
redhead decides to do a Columbo and says, "Sasami-san, do you own a
white furry petto (pet)?"

The little child stops cold in her steps. It is close to a minute
before she turns around to face Scully, her head hangs down. "No, I
don't own such a petto," her tearful eyes stare at the floor and a deep
sadness in her words.

As the blue-haired girl turns away from the woman, Scully could hear a
little snob. "Gomen nasai, Masaki Sasami Jurai," Scully whispers.
**********
Ayeka quickly eats the bento box of food Sasami brings to her. With
one sensation satisfy, the princess' other major emotion blazes
brighter than before, her hatred for Ryoko. 'How could I accept
anything that BAKEMONO says as anything but RIDICULE?' Angry words
echoes in Ayeka's mind. 'She AMUSES herself by mocking my LOSSES,
mocking my HERITAGE and mocking ME! She wants me ALIVE, to see me ACHE,
so her CONQUEST of the others will be just as SWEET. But the oni onna
(demon woman) is WRONG. I won't just sit by. I will UNVEIL her
falsehoods to the others. They will see her as she really is, a
KAIBUTSU (WICKED CREATURE).' With her anger turning into a white rage
Ayeka does not hear the knock at the door, nor the second one. It is
only when the door slide open does the princess snap into action.
**********
For First Lieutenant Hideyuki Koyama, his search of the upper floors of
the Masaki's home is a bust. The only unique find is the ornate sword
hilt with two red gems in the pommel, found in the young man's room.
When ask about it the grandfather tells him it is a family heirloom.
Hideyuki leaves it in Tenchi's room because he sees nothing significant
about the antique. As he reaches the last room on the third floor to
search, Katsuhito hangs a few feet back. As the first knock brings no
answer, the elder takes a few more steps back. When the second knock
produces nothing, the priest brings his left hand up to cover his
slight smile. With no response from his raps, Hideyuki slides the
door open.
**********
Just as Ryoko left arm starts forward and a tearful Sasami enters the
living room, a shout of rage echoes down the stairway. Tenchi,
relieving himself in the third floor benjo, spays the whole room as
Ayeka's yell scares him. Ryoko lets her energy ball dissipate as she
follows Sasami and Scully up the stairs. When they reach the third
floor, three pairs of eyes see Hideyuki backing away from a door as
several objects bounce off his shielding hands and arms. They see
Katsuhito calmly stand on the other side while Tenchi charges out of
the benjo only to freeze when he sees the spectacle. Scully observes a
young woman with purple hair in two long ponytails, bangs hanging down
to her fiery, ruby eyes, while she throws anything handy at the
frightful man. Sasami and Scully run forward as Ryoko doubles over in
roaring laughter.

"ONEESAMA! ONEESAMA!" Sasami cries as Scully and the child reach her
sister, "You're exposing your SHAME!"

"I want that CHIKAN'S EYES put out!" screams a scarlet-faced Ayeka. "I
want his MONO (PENIS) CUT OFF!" Scully's hands cover Sasami's ears. "I
want him IMPELLED on a pole, letting FUHAI (DECAY) feed on his LIVING
FLESH!" Close up Scully could see the family resemblance between the
two sisters, the same mixed heritage.

Finally Tenchi reaches Ayeka, grabs the princess by her shoulders and
spins her around. "Ayeka-san! These are honorable Keisatsukans (police
officers)!" he pleads to the raging woman. "They're here to search the
house!"

"He opened my door UNANOUNCED!" Ayeka's words and ruby eyes still full
of fire.

"Wrong, Ayeka-sama," Katsuhito comes to stand next to Tenchi. "The
officer rapped twice but you didn't answer. We assume that you were not
in the room."

Ayeka rage starts to cool only to flare up as she hears Ryoko's
chortle. Ayeka points at the shaking woman and shouts, "As SAISHONO
OUJOSAMA JURAI, I demand you ARREST Ryoko-onna (woman)! She is
responsible for the DESTRUCTION of hundreds of worlds across the
UNIVERSE! Wherever she goes, DEATH is her companion!"

Everyone turns to look at a still laughing Ryoko, they see totally
confused Mulder just behind her while Nobuyuki stands on the stairs'
first steps. The older man's right finger is pointing at his head,
spinning counterclockwise. Sasami takes the hint and beseeches her
sister, "Oneesama, why must you hoist an innocent for a blood festival
whenever Yosho-oniisama gets into trouble. Ryoko-neechan was just
teasing you."

"Please Ayeka-san," Tenchi knowing what he is about to say will bring
Ayeka pain. "You shouldn't let yourself become so distrait over your
niisan. We'll find him."

Ayeka turns bright red and bellows, "You all making FUN of me!" As she
abruptly turns to go back into her room, the princess' dagger glare
locks on Ryoko, "You have not escape justice, BAKAMONO! You will PAY
for the PAIN you've caused!"

"Go to bed Oujo-chan (little princess)," Ryoko retorts with false
concern. "Your niisan will behead the oni (demon)."

Ayeka enters her room and bangs the door shut while the others, some
guiltily, stare at the door. Scully walks over to the young officer and
says, "You'll alright, Hideyuki-dono?"

"Hai," answers Hideyuki, his left eye showing signs of turning black.
"Just a few cuts and bruises."

"What was the woman shouting about, Scully?" asks a bewildered Mulder.

"She demanded we arrest Ryoko for genocide," replies Scully in English.

"Please don't do it," pleads Sasami as she recognizes the stern tone in
Scully's words. "She sometimes gets this way. When Oneesama is in
torment, she'll accuse strangers of horrible things."

With a sad smile on her face, Scully says, "I understand. Family helps
family."

"I think we've caused enough chaos for tonight, Scully," Mulder tells
his partner which Scully translates for the others. "We're going back
to town, eat dinner and check the evidence to see what conclusions we
can come up with."

"Can we expect you back in the morning?" asks Katsuhito in English.

Mulder shrugs, replies, "Maybe."

Nobuyuki goes down the stairs with Mulder, Ryoko and Sasami right
behind him. Just as Scully descends them, Katsuhito places his right
hand in front of her and asks, "Ninjin-chan, do you remember what an on
is?"

Scully replies in a shaky voice, "H . . . .Hai."

The priest nods, "Gu (Good)." The elder walks down the steps with a very
pale Scully behind him.
**********
As the car pulls away from the house, Ryoko says, "Leave it to
Ayeka-san to make the night entertaining."

Tenchi lets out a sigh at the cyan-haired woman's comment and turns
back to his home "I'm going to finish the magnet," he tells everyone.

"That's a great outfit you have on, Ryoko-san," compliments Nobuyuki as
he walks next to Ryoko, his left hand drifting down behind her.

Ryoko smiles as she leaps into the air and turns to face Tenchi's
father. Floating six feet off the ground she waves her palm at him and
says, "Don't be a sawari-ma." The lady flies through the door and
teleports into the living room. Going to the VHS player the lady in red
pushes the reject button but nothing happens. With a ghostly hand Ryoko
reaches into the machine but she finds no tape. "Well, maybe Tenchi has
it," she deduces.

Sasami watches the vehicle rear lights disappear into the night. The
child remembers seeing the torment in the colorless redhead's face
which contrasts with the sparkle of triumph in her American partner's
pale green eyes. Just by viewing those two faces, the little princess
knows the two agents' destinies links with theirs. "Oh Tsunami-megami
(goddess), please guide my steps. There are so many broken people to
help," the little one whispers with closed eyes. Briefly the key on her
forehead glows and a tender feminine voice replies within the child's
mind, 'Your heart will be the star to follow.'
**********
As the car pulls onto the country road, Mulder sees how
down-in-the-dumps Scully's spirit is. Mulder decides to raise her mood,
so he reaches into his coat pocket, pulls out a VHS tape and shows it
to Scully. "You found the tape," Scully's words seem to deepen the
shadow on her face.

"Actually the leather lady found it for me," acknowledges her partner.
"Seems Nobuyuki didn't tell her about it. So when she became bored with
our search, she played a tape at random. It just happened to be this
one. What she saw scared her so bad, she was about to destroy it when
that woman's warcry stopped her. When she followed you and the child up
the stairs, I quickly purloined the tape."

"So you have your last piece of evidence?" a tone of concern in
Scully's voice.

"I don't know," a frown on Mulder's lips. "I couldn't see what the
woman in red saw on the tape." He looks at Hideyuki and asks the young
man, "Is there anyplace we can go to play this tape privately?"

"Hai, Mulder-san, I know of a karaoke club in Kurashiki where there are
VHS players," answers Hideyuki.

"Take us there," commands Mulder. Turning back to his partner Mulder
sees Scully's emotions are dark. Hoping to distract her Mulder asks,
"How did the interviews go?"

Scully wets her lips, then brings out her notebook and replies, "No
confessions but a lot of undertones and half-truths. Nobuyuki was calm,
almost stoic, in his interview. If we check with the company, who moved
his home, I bet it's owned by an old friend of his, someone who will
lie for him. His son Tenchi was all over the place. The young man's
tone and body language suggested he was telling only part-truths,
trying to protect someone. I think that someone is Hakubi Ryoko. When I
asked how he met her, he'd said during last summer vacation but Hakubi
told me she was the shrine's miko five years ago."

"Maybe he never paid much attention to her when he was a boy," Mulder
suggests with a half smile. "Puberty can change a boy's perception."

"It's possible. Hakubi suggested the same thing," Scully confirms.
"There's also one other clue. Tenchi didn't accept the damage to the
Seto-ohashi Bridge as an act-of-god, he called it criminal."

"A bad choice of words or a slip-of-the-tongue?" wonders Mulder.

"It suggested Tenchi knows much more than he's letting on," Scully
concludes. "As for Hakubi, she is someone I wouldn't want to meet in a
dark alley."

"She threatened you?" Mulder's voice gains a protective tone.

"No, but if her story is true she became an adult while still a child,"
a note of sympathy in Scully voice. "She has all the traits of a street
orphan and only the helpful hand of Katsuhito made the difference in
her life. She loves Tenchi very much and looks upon the rest of the
Masaki as her family."

"Even the girl with the purple hair?" an astute smile on Mulder's face.

"Sisterly rivalry," suggests Scully. "It's possible for Tenchi to have
more than one girl trying to capture his love."

"Well, lets hope the family's health and property insurance is
current," Scully gives a perplexed look to Mulder's words. "I saw
Hakubi foam a ball of light in her left hand."

"It could have been an optical illusion?" advises Scully.

"I only saw it for a few seconds," responds Mulder. "So I can't tell
what it was."

"Well, the last interview may give us the most clues to this case,"
informs Scully.

"Because of the name on the collar?" guesses Mulder.

"Remember what Sasami's sister called herself, Saishono Oujosama Jurai,
and the name on the collar, Sasami-oujosama no Jurai?" reminds Scully.
"Both are titles of nobility. The first one is First Princess of Jurai
while the other is Princess of Jurai."

"Jurai being a star system or planet," concludes Fox.

"With the evidence pointing at this logical conclusion," Scully
carefully measuring her words, "to try to refute it would be
irrational, especially what happened at the end of Sasami's interview.
As she was walking out of the kitchen, I asked if she had a pet. When
The child turned to me there were tears in her eyes. She said 'no' and
then ran out with a sob."

"So the child did lose her pet," confines Mulder.

"It breaks her heart to lie about it," adds Scully.

"The bond between a person and a pet is naturally spiritual," deduces
Mulder.

Scully looks at the young policeman, "Is there anything you can add,
Hideyuki-dono?"

"Well Scully-dono, it's almost like we've walked right into the middle
of some epic myth," puzzlement appears on both American agents faces.
"I mean the names Yosho-sama, Ryokoakurei and Tenchi-san all come from
the Masaki Shrine Legend. I know I'm eager with vigor but could it be
more than just coincidence?"

"Ryoko is a common female Nihongo name but Yosho and Tenchi are not,"
comments Scully as her mind finds the connections Hideyuki is trying to
locate. "The story Sasami told me, about her brother being attacked by a
pirate ship, sounded like a variation of Horosha's 'The Ryu Ojiisama'.

"The Ryu Ojiisama?" asks Mulder.

"The Dragon Prince,' informs Hideyuki. "The only known Nihongo
non-tanka/non-haiku poem to exist before the coming of the Westerns in
the 16th Century."

"Do you remember it?" Mulder asks, comprehension appears his pale green
eyes.

"It's one of my favorite poems," replies the young man. "I even
translated it for my English sensei."

"Can you remember any of the poem?" prods Mulder.

"Demon fire descends from heaven's gate,
Turning villages to ashes,
Children to orphans
And wives into widows.
Kami answers the people's prayers,
As the Dragon Prince brings Tenchiken,
The sword of the universe,
Against Demon's three gems of power.
Yosho rides upon Funaho's back,
His Dragon brings low Ryoko's steed, Ryo-ohki.
A red fire and a white flame meet,
A noble spirit and a demonic fiend,
Yosho's skill the equal to Ryoko's savagery.
Day becomes night and night into day
As the flames lick the sky,
Leaving scars upon land.
The two warriors do death's dance,
For a day and a night,
Until Yosho takes Ryoko's gems,
Her becoming his.
Ryoko is entombed in earth's embrace,
Unsleeping Funaho embraces her,
While Ryoko wears the demon's mask,
To warn all, what lies behind her beauty,
Until Tenchiken comes again."
"This is just what I can remember offhand, Mulder-san," acknowledges the 
young officer. "The poem is much longer with much allusion about Yosho-sama 
and Ryokoakurei's origins."

"Does it mention Jurai?" Mulder voice matches the glow in his eyes.

"No but like most legends, it reported they came from the land of the
Kami," Hideyuki responds.

"Another place other than Earth," hints Mulder.

"Hai," replies the young man.

"When was this supposed to have happened?" asks Mulder.

"Seven hundred years ago," informs a suspicious Scully. "What are you
trying to imply, Mulder?"

"What if seven hundred years ago, two spaceships fought a battle here
on this planet. One spaceship is destroyed and the owner defeated. But
instead of killing that person, the victor imprisoned his captive,
leaving the person to future generations to judge," Mulder speculates.

"But how does it connect with today's investigation," Scully wonders if
this might be another of Mulder's wild theories.

"If we are dealing with space travel and alien life forms," points out
Mulder. "What we consider centuries, could be just days to them."

"In other words, time is relative," Scully catches Mulder's hints.

"It wouldn't be the first time man's past caught up with him and bit
him on the ass," a light smile on Mulder's lips.
**********
As Hideyuki's car passes a dirt turnoff, a half a mile below the
Masaki's residence, a solitary figure in a light green truck turnover
his engine to follow them. When the person looks into the rear view
mirror, he quickly kills the engine and ducks down. A black car with
headlights off passes him. "Oh, oh, it's an OIK car," fear plain in
Anthony MacClean's voice. He pulls down his starlight goggles and
starts up his engine again to follow the last car.
**********
"WHERE IS IT?" Sasami hears Tenchi scream from the living room. Placing
the last clean dish away, the little princess runs through the swinging
door. Her large pink eyes see the young man franticly examine these
black oblong boxes. Walking over to him, her juvenile ears pick up
several people coming down the staircase and she is slightly startle by
Ryoko's head poking through the wall just above the television set.
"What's wrong Tenchi?" asks the concerned head.

"The TAPE is MISSING?" shouts Tenchi to Ryoko and the others.

"What tape?" asks a confused Sasami.

"The tape showing the spaceship's crashing into the Seto-ohashi
Bridge!" Nobuyuki's brown eyes bulge at Tenchi's words.

"It was there when I played it," informs Ryoko.

"When did you play it?" Katsuhito's steady voice calms everyone.

"Just before Murasaki-san's (Miss. Purple) warcry," Ryoko floats just
in front of Tenchi. "After the gaijin deka left, I tried to destroy it
but I couldn't find it."

"Why didn't you tell anyone?" Tenchi's hot voice fills Ryoko's face
with pain.

"I . . . thought . . . you . . . took . . . it . . . Tenchi," Tenchi's
retort remains voiceless when Katsuhito firm right hand grabs his
grandson's left shoulder.

The old priest's hand makes Tenchi realize the harm his anger brings to
Ryoko. The young man stands up, reaches up with both hands and pulls
down the trembling lady by her lower arms. The youth looks into her
amber pools and says, "Gomen nasai Ryoko, I allowed my fear to place
needles in my words."

Joy scatters the pain from those feline eyes, Joy from the first kind
words Tenchi articulates to her. The woman throws her arms around
Tenchi's chest and tightly squeezes him.

"It's obvious Ninjin-chan and her partners have the tape," concludes a
smiling father, his brown eyes see Ryoko's head on Tenchi's right
shoulder, pure ecstasy on her face.

"I agree," replies Katsuhito as the grandfather notes Tenchi's arms
reach to comfort Ryoko.

"How do we get the tape back?" twin concern in Nobuyuki's voice as he
sees his son's face turn purple.

"Ryoko . . . I . . . can't . . . breathe," broken words leave Tenchi's
lips.

"Mulder-san strikes me as an eager young man. He'll want to view the
tapes as quickly as possible," answers the old priest, observing
Ryoko's nirvana has left her senseless.

"But Otousan, all the retail stores closed by eight o'clock," Nobuyuki
reminds him as he notes his son's feeble attempt to escape the happy
uchu kaizoku's death grip.

"Don't private karaoke rooms have tape machines for music videos," his
son-in-law slowly nods at his elders words as the old priest's right
hand touches the head of the giggling girl with the lake blue hair.
Sasami's pink eyes look up into Katsuhito dark red eyes. The little one
gives him a quick nod, skips forward and tugs hard on Ryoko's left ear.

"OUCH!" Ryoko's head turns to shoot a furious gaze at the source of her
discomfort, only to see the still giggling girl. Puzzlement in her
face, Ryoko looks into Tenchi's face and sees only the whites of the
youth's eyes. Shock into action Ryoko releases the lad, who promptly
crumbles to the ground while his lungs finally inhale God's breath.

"Ryoko-dono," Katsuhito calm words catch the spiky-haired lady's
attention. "Could you teleport us into Kurashiki? We know the general
area where they're taking the tape to."

"Hai, if Tenchi helps me," a grateful tone in Ryoko voice.

"Come on musuko it's time to break a bone," grins Nobuyuki as he pulls
Tenchi to his feet.

"Tenchi, go get Tenchiken," the leather lass asks. The young man looks
at his grandfather, who gives a slow nod. In a few minutes, the youth
returns with the hilt. "We'll do this like we did on the Ryu-oh," Ryoko
tells the onlookers. "I'll hold Tenchi while the rest will need to hold
either him or me."

"Can I come too?" asks Sasami, her fear of being left behind visible in
her face.

Both Tenchi and Ryoko are about to say no when Katsuhito replies,
"We're going to need to distribute all our eyes. Akaruime can come."
Ryoko smiles while Tenchi puzzles over the nickname but Nobuyuki grins
for he knows whom else the old priest calls by that name. Ryoko turns
back to Tenchi, who holds the hilt next to his chest. She steps forward
to place her hands on his shoulders and to touch his head with hers.
Nobuyuki begins to place his hands on the amber-eyed woman only to be
motion, by his adopted father, toward his son. When the old priest
places his right hand on Ryoko's head, he feels the softness of her
cyan hair while the little princess opens her arms to hug both Tenchi
and Ryoko. Tenchi calms down as he feels Ryoko's confidence flow
through the Gems to him. A bright blue glow radiates from those three
red eyes and then slowly encompasses everyone there. Again Yosho's
training as a Shinto priest allows him to touch everyone's soul: the
inner conflict within his grandson, his son-in-law's own demons,
Ryoko's need to prove her love for Tenchi and then there's Akaruime.
He could feel her fear of rejection, to lose her family's love. Yet
there is another. He could feel the depth of intelligence hiding just
behind the child's consciousness. When Ryoko's Gems merges with
Tenchiken, sentience also touches his mind but a name he could place
with that one, Seto's friend. Yet this one he couldn't name even
through he feels merriment radiate from it. Everyone closes their eyes
as the glow turns everything white, then takes its passengers when it
winks out.

Minutes pass before light footsteps resonate off the entrance
staircase. The slender figure of Ayeka, dress in her light blue
nightie, slowly descends to the genkan. She slips on her purple shoes,
opens the door and goes out. "I'm coming," her ghostly words matches
the glassy gaze in her ruby eyes as her slow steps take her to the
lake. When she reaches the dark waters, the royal lady kneels down as
the glowing tiara's light leaks through her violet hair. A rainbow
ribbon of light breaks the watery face to pierce Ayeka's Key.
"Ara (Oh)! Ryu-oh! I didn't lose you after all!" joyful tears treacle
down her smooth cheeks as her bondmate's love caress' her spirit. The
warm embrace slowly brings sleep to Ayeka, drops her tired body to the
yielding grass and leaves a peaceful smile on the princess' pink lips.
The light ribbon slowly fades away.
**********
As the carrier of her prison passes Alpha Centuri, new thoughts and
images invade the petite one's mind. 'So TSUNAMI-MEGAMI watches over
her CHARGES but it's more than dutifully protecting the young members
of the Royal Jurai Family. She LOVES them too.' Revelations fills her
enormous intellect. 'This is NEW. The TSUNAMI-MEGAMI I know is a
GARDENER, shaping the universe so her TREES will survive and cares
little about the TOOLS she uses: not Seto-chan, not Aname, not Funaho,
not Azusa, not Misaki, not Horosha, not Washi or anyone else. Where did
this LOVE COME from'?
**********
Chapter Five: Lydia, The Tattoo Lady
10:32 p.m. Graceland Karaoke, Kurashiki
"How will you explain twenty dollars for a karaoke room to the NZK
accountants?" Scully asks an impatient Mulder. The room contains bright
green overstuff furniture, pale blue curtains over small round windows
and a television in one corner with a VHS tape player on top.

"Actually Scully-dono," Hideyuki intervenes, "this is considered a
normal expense. Top agents always entertain contacts, friends and
comrades at company's cost."

"See Scully, rescue by unwritten rules," Mulder replies as he heads
straight to the VHS machine. Mulder quickly turns on the television set
on and pushes the tape into the machine. As the trio watches the events
unfold before them, each spirit is charge with different emotions:
hope's white rose for Scully, fanatic's green fire for Mulder and
fear's black cloak for Hideyuki.

When the event ends, Scully pushes the stop button and says, "It was an
accident."

"You're correct Scully and my report will say as much," a smile of
victory on Mulder's lips.

"Do you think that will be enough to protect them from a public
outcry?" questions Scully, concern in her emerald eyes.

"That is not our problem, Scully," Mulder frowns at his partner's
statement. "Ours is to reveal the truth."

"Even if it will destroy good people!" an angry voice mixes with
Scully's concern. "Because of an act-of-god each person in the Masaki
home will give a pound of flesh for your truth!"

"Scully," responds Mulder as he realizes his partner's unsaid request,
"I've never cover up anything in my entire life. They may call me
'Spooky' but I'm an honest ghost."

"I'm not asking you to lie in your report, Mulder," a desperate tone in
Scully's voice, "with the physical evidence, the tape and the Okayama
forensic lab reports you can establish the truth of the Seto-ohashi
Bridge disaster without giving names."

Insight fills Mulder's mind as he sees how Scully's body shakes. "You
not telling me something, Scully. I know some of them are your friends
but you've never allowed friendship to interfere with our
investigations before. What is it?" asks the brown-haired man.

Scully hesitates yet Mulder could see resolve add to the mix as she
speaks, "I was six-years-old when we came to Nihon. My father was a
captain in the Navy and requested assignment to Operations in Naval
Intelligence (ONI), Pacific Front. My father was always fascinated by
the Bushido, the Way of the Warrior, and wanted to live in Nihon. My
mother hated it here. She's a strict Roman Catholic, who saw it as a
pagan land where the Catholic Catechism was reduce to meaningless
gibberish. Four weeks after reaching Nihon I was outside my parents'
bedroom door when father and mother had a horrible fight. In the end,
she threatened to take us back to Maryland, leaving my father. When I
heard her words, I ran to hide. I loved my father so much and I
wouldn't leave him. Fearing my mother would find me in my room and take
me away from him, I left the house but in my confused state I knew
nothing about the monsoon about to hit western Honshu . . . " As Scully
words continue to flow from her lips, a little child's memory floods
her mind. Small feet pound on a blacktop road while tears of fear flows
down her tiny pink face. Soon the noise of Kurashiki leaves her small
ears only to hear the strange quietness of countryside waiting for the
storm to hit.

Then the thunderous wind comes which sends her petite body flying with
every step, even through her legs knot with agony. When weariness
consumes her terror, the child steps slow only to have her three-foot
frame snatch by the screaming wind which throws her several feet into
the air. The redhead lands on sharp stones and rolls to a stop next to
a monstrous tree with blood oozing from her knees and elbows. Looking
up at twisting and weaving tree limbs, the little one realizes she is
lost. The wind's clamor renders soundlessly her shouts for help as she
stumbles to stand up. Still screaming the child's flounders forward but
the merciless wind smacks her diminutive shape around and sends her
deeper into the woods.

Now the rain comes. Not the heavenly tears of renewal which brings
spring's children but the tearing sheets of destruction. Within minutes
her red hair is plaster to her head, her dark blue dress turns into a
death weight which drains even more strength from her aching legs.
While the rain is warm, the volume slowly draws the breath from her
lungs and wrenches the life from her emerald eyes. When the storm robs
her body of its senses, the tiny form falls forward only to feel strong
arms catch her.

Time passes before her dull brain feels the careful embrace, the calm
steps tell her she is going somewhere, her dulled sight sees a granite
face staring straight ahead and his large body protects her small
frame. She slips back into dreamless sleep and her eyes only open at
the sound as a door slides open. Her rescuer carefully places the child
on her weak legs and she hears a steady adult voice say, "Washi
setsuritsu suru kono honoo-chan tsuite kesu. Ware-ware
shi-nakerebanaranai no mendo o miru kanojo o made ryoshin tsuku (I
found this honoo-chan about to be put out. We need to take care of her
until her parents come)."

"Hai, otouchan (father)," replies a girl with long black hair as she
sits on a white pillow while a boy next to her nods his head. The
child's listless senses could barely recognize the sound of bare feet
on plain wood. As the pair quickly strips her heavy wet clothes from
her shaking body, the tiny girl sees great compassion in the larger
girl's ruby eyes as her nimble hands feel the little one's clammy skin.

"Nobuyuki-chan! Kochan's hada yo ni kori ga hatteiru (Nobuyuki! Little
child's skin as if covered with ice)," an urgent tone in her voice.

"Wa mottekuru mofu, Achika-chan (I fetch a blanket, Achika), " his tone
matching hers'. Seconds later the barely conscious girl views a field
of red surrounds her and then two pairs of hands vigorously rubs her
icy skin as gentle sounds come from the girl in the blue kimono.

The adult reappears in the slowly reviving child's green eyes with a
tray holding bandages, a small red bottle and a cup of clear soap with
tea cookies. "Sake o nomu, honoo-chan (Drink the liquid, little
flame)," calm words comes from his lips as he kneels down, takes the
towel wrapped girl into the crock of his left arm and brings the cup
carefully to her small mouth. Greedily the little redhead drinks the
steaming barley miso and munches the sesame cover cookies while the
young boy treats her cuts. The sting of the iodine can't dim the
spreading warmth in her bruised body, her emerald eyes fill with
gratitude before her eyelids drop down and her light body relaxes into
peaceful sleep."...I stayed with them until my parents pick me up. I
never found out what happened between my father and mother. I only know
we lived in Nihon for four years and I was allowed to visit the Masaki
family whenever I wanted to. I'm now sure my mother didn't like the
idea of me visiting a Shinto priest's family but she never said
anything," finishes Scully.

"You feel a debt to these people?" guesses Mulder.

"If Mr. Masaki hadn't found me, the monsoon would've killed me,"
certainty in Scully's words. "I owe him a life on."

"What is an on?" wonders the brown-hair man.

"On is a debt-of-honor," informs Hideyuki, his black eyes sharp with
insight. "Whenever someone does or gives something for another, the
receiver owes that person an on. Honor demands that an on be repaid in
kind."

"After Sasami's sister's outburst, Katsuhito asked if I remember what
an on was and I replied yes. By reminding me he was invoking the on,"
adds Scully.

"What happens if you don't repay this on?" asks Mulder.

"I'll bring dishonor not only to myself but to my family, the FBI, the
NZK and to you, Mulder," Scully's words come from pale lips. "Until I
return the life he gave me, I will always owe Katsuhito."

Scully looks up and sees sympathy in Mulder's pale green eyes as calm
words leave his lips, "I can't promise you anything Scully but I will
try to help you." Scully is both grateful and sad by Mulder's response
as she watches her partner push the machine's reject button and places
the tape in his coat pocket.

"I didn't know such things like this existed," awe etches in Hideyuki's
words as they turn to leave.

"Don't worry I haven't seen Santa Claus yet," remarks Mulder.
**********
Flash lights the dingy alley behind the dazzling Motown Karaoke and
leaves behind some blinded individuals. While the pink, brown, red and
amber eyes recover their sight, Katsuhito says, "To cover more ground
we need to break up, except for Sasami. She comes with me." Everyone
nods and turns to leave but the old priest's right-hand touches Ryoko's
left leather sleeve. She looks into the elder's concern eyes and she
hears his calm voice, "You have the most important job, Ryoko-dono.
With your powers you can cover more area than the rest of us but be
careful, no one must see you."

"Don't worry, guji, I'll create no ripples in the water," strong
certainty in her feline eyes.

As the groups head out in different directions, Ryoko follows Tenchi
before she pulls away from him. Tenchi calls at the leather lady as she
goes upward, "Ryoko, before you go can I ask you a question?"

The ample lady turns around to face the black-haired man before she
replies, "Hai . . . ?"

"When you introduced yourself to the kakusodes why did you utter Hakubi
as a family name?" curiosity in his brown eyes.

"I don't know," a confusing frown on her pink lips, "it just flows from
my lips, like it was natural. Why?"

"Just wondering," answers Tenchi.

Ryoko renews her flight and fades from sight as her sweet words drift
to Tenchi's youthful ears, "Be careful, my anata (darling)."

Tenchi groans as he trots to one of the alley's exits.
**********
The joy of flight floods Ryoko's spirit while she scans the land below.
The night air plays with her cyan hair, tinkles the chain belt and
brings the odors of the masses to her sensitive nose. Thirty minutes
later, when Ryoko moves across the face of the crescent moon, her cat
eyes see three figures coming out of a karaoke club. Although Ryoko is
six blocks away, her sharp vision makes out one woman and two men. With
a smug smile the uchu kaizoku teleports to an alleyway just across from
her targets as two tall men in black suits become visible underneath a
skylight. When the leather lady sees the newcomers, she drops flat to
the blacktop and watches both groups. Then the glint of chrome catches
her amber eyes.
**********
"Let's go to Tokyo," decides Mulder. "To file our repo . . . "

"MULDER!" Interrupts Scully, her emerald eyes see two men appear in the
skylight's white illumination, just thirty feet away. Without
hesitation the two men reach underneath their black coats.
Instinctively Hideyuki's right-hand grabs for his Model 92 Beretta as
he knows both Americans are without their Smith-and-Wesson, aims at the
man on the left but wavers for a second. A white lightning bolt shots
out from one of the intruders' firearms and knocks the NZK officer to
the cement. The stench of melting plastic fills the air as Scully moves
toward the motionless rookie but stops when a gun locks on her. "HE
NEEDS MEDICAL HELP!" shouts the redhead.

"He's dead. Now give us the tape," a monotone voice comes from barely
moving lips. While those words pass between the two groups, a being
detaches itself from the shadows behind the OIK men. A blue-haired man
in a bright yellow jogging apparel frantically waves at the FBI agents.
Mulder sees the motion behind the killers. Careful to keep his movement
passive, Mulder slowly holds his right hand up, withdraws the tape from
his coat pocket and tosses the spinning tape toward them.
**********
Tenchi comes out of his fourth karaoke club when a pulse of fear lashes
through his mind. The brown-eyed youth turns to his right and runs down
the street as he follows the pulse's trace, Tenchiken in his right
fist. When Ryoko hears quick steps behind her, she spares a quick
glance over her right shoulder and sees Tenchi right behind her. She
turns her amber vision forward to follow the gyrating oblong box path
over the two black men and toward another figure. When Tenchi slows to
pull-up next to the prone Ryoko, Tenchiken's bright blue blade flares
on and it yanks the black-haired youth on by the lady. "OI . . . NOT
AGAIN!" fright in Tenchi's voice.

"TENCHI!" alarm in Ryoko's voice as her pink right-hand reaches out to
him.

Mulder and Scully see Tenchi come out of the alleyway on uneven steps
as one Shadow Man keeps his weapon on them while the other tracks the
flying tape. When the blue-haired jogger catches the tape, the chrome
weapon aims at him with a grim smile on the OIK man's face, "Hand over
the tape!" His loud monotone voice conceals the sound of floundering
steps from both Shadow Men.

Ryoko leaps into the air and flies forwardly in an attempt to reach
Tenchi before the two men react. Just seconds behind the youth, she
sees Tenchiken yank the young man's right arm in a blue V motion as the
deadly blade chops both weapons into separate parts. "Kya . . . sorry,"
a chagrin Tenchi apologies as the two men turn to stare at him while
relief replaces the terror in Ryoko's heart.

Immediately Scully bolts to the unmoving Hideyuki and Mulder moves to
Tenchi's aid but stops when he sees the yellow jogger run away. "HEY!
Come back with that TAPE!" shouts the startled FBI agent.

The uchu kaizoku lets out a rumbling purr as she sees someone to chase.
Ryoko pops over the others and speedily catches up with the longhaired
man. "Can't you run any faster, Earthling?" Ryoko snickers.

"She can fly?" Mulder wonders as he chases after the thief.

Ryoko's hands reach for the jogger but she is unaware the alleyway
suddenly narrows until she collides with the corner of a red brick
building. "Scrapped that bug off," the jogger smirks while he looks
over his left shoulder but he kicks his run into a higher gear when he
notes the Shadow Man just ten feet behind and Mulder a few steps behind
the dark man. The jogger's blue eyes go wide when he sees an eight-foot
wire fence stretches across the four-foot wide alley. He looks to
either side and detects how uneven the brick walls are along the narrow
path. The jogger waits until his body is twelve feet away from the
barrier, before he leaps sideways into the air. He coils his legs then
thrusts out his left leg, finds a foothold and kicks toward the other
wall as he moves upwards. When he nears the other wall, his right leg
thrusts out, finds another foothold and kicks his body further upwards.
The jogger goes parallel with the fence as his slim body rolls over the
top of the obstacle. The yellow jogger twists his body's decent, lands
lightly on his feet and renews his run.

"Who is this guy? Jackie Chan!" Mulder's voice fills with surprise.
Then the agent's pale green eyes see the OIK man's left arm pull back
and throw a small metallic egg. "LOOK OUT!" shouts Mulder while he
drops to the hard surface.

The jogger looks back, sees the shining object drop toward him but
there is nothing he can do because he is at top speed. Mercilessly, the
object falls into a green plastic garbage can to the runner's right and
behind. Seconds later an explosion sends shads of plastic and filth
which tears and plasters the fleeing man's back but causes no serious
injuries. Hope blooms in the jogger's spirit as he sights the ally's
exit but his blue eyes misses the little pink eye peeping around the
corner. When the blue-haired man breaks through the threshold, a little
foot jams his right foot and tumbles him into an empty street, the VHS
tape flies out of his hand.

Tenchi runs to Ryoko, her crumple form lies under her perfect
impression in a brick wall. The distressed young man quickly kneels
down, shakes the body cover with fragments of brick and mortar and
says, "Ryoko, are you alright?"

A low moan escapes her lips as she lifts her aching head to look at
Tenchi. The worry she sees in his gentle face brings a happy smile to
her face and strengthens the uchu kaizoku's love for the youth but the
happy smile disappears when her mind clears. "He revealed his
KETSU (ASS) to ME!" her voice becomes a roar as golden fire burns in
her eyes, "His KETSU is GRASS!" Tenchi falls backwards to land on his
tail as Ryoko blasts into the air, pulls a tight left turn and darts
down the alley. The black-haired youth looks around, notices the
missing Shadow Man. Scully picks up the rookie's pistol, turns to her
right and runs into the night.

The jogger bounces to his feet as his blue gaze searches for the
tripper only to hear the sound of a roaring scream. Although the sight
of the OIK man and Mulder scaling the fence brings no joy to his heart,
it is the cyan missile flying over the wire fence and heading straight
at him which draws from his pale lips a soundless, 'Oh no.' The
blue-haired man turns to escape from the obvious pain but only reaches
the other side of the street before Ryoko grabs him underneath each
armpit, pulls the struggling body over the low buildings and disappears
into the darkness.

Sasami hides in the doorway while Mulder and the Shadow Man race out of
the alleyway, across the street and into the next alleyway. Quickly the
light blue-white clad Sasami runs over to a parked car, kneels down and
retrieves the black plastic box. She shoves it down her blouse, turns
to her right and walks nonchalant down the street as she tries her best
Ayeka imitation. When the little princess turns a right corner, her
pink eyes go wide as she almost walks into Scully. With a tiny smile on
Scully's sad face, she holds out her hand to the child. Sasami makes a
face at the redhead as she hands the tape over but the blue-haired
girl's eyes again become like saucers when she sees what is ten feet
behind the young woman. Scully see the little one's reaction, drops and
spins on her right leg, brings Hideyuki's gun up, aims and fires two
shots at the Shadow Man. The first shot shatters the man's left hip
while the second shot smashes into his left hand, which drops a silvery
object from the hand. Scully twists and leaps to knock Sasami down as
the man's body falls onto the small orb. Scully shields the fearful
child with her larger body as the metallic egg's explosion shreds the
OIK man.

When the deafening sound subsides and the smoke clears, Scully comes to
her knees, carefully helps Sasami to stand up and says, "Are you
alright, Sasami-san?"

Sasami small ears hear not the redhead's words. Terror grips her young
mind while her large pink eyes see only the red gore splatter on
everything around her. The blood, the blood is all her fragile mind
sees. Sasami bursts into tears and leaps forward to hug the surprised
Scully. "This . . . isn't . . . fun . . . anymore . . . Ninjin-chan
. . . I . . . want . . . to . . . go . . . home," the little one sobs
into Scully's chest.

"There, there, Sasami-chan. Let the flower in your heart bloom," Scully
tender words and gentle arms tries to comfort the crying child.
**********
Ryoko hovers thirty feet above the Inland Sea, half a mile off
Washu-zan Hill, while her left-hand grasps the yellow jogger by his
top's neckband. "Where is the tape?" hot rage boils in Ryoko's feline
eyes.

"I don't know!" the blue-eyed man's initial fear changes to cold anger.
"When that blue-haired brat tripped me, I lost the tape and I didn't
see where it landed!" Ryoko does not believe the thief and her
right-hand reaches under his clothes to search for any hidden objects
or secret pockets. "HEY, THAT TICKLES!" laughter leaves his lips but
goes loud with shock, "OI! ONNA, You grabbed my KINTAMA (GOLDEN BALLS)!
What are you, a CHIMA (CRAZY DEMON)?" The blue-haired thief quickly
regrets those last words when Ryoko's ears seem to go flat against her
head. As Ryoko slowly draws his face to hers, he could imagine those
catlike incisors snapping his neck in one bite. When her face is nearly
touches his, many odors from his outfit assaults her perfect nose.
"Kya! What did you fall into, a pit benjo?" grimaces Ryoko as she
pinches her nose close.

"Can I help it if someone launched a garbage can at me," he replies.
Then he notices the leathered lady looks down then back up with a small
smile on her lips.

"Can you swim?" Ryoko's smile becomes a grin.

"Like a fish. Why do you . . . " his eyes go wide when he sees Ryoko's
grin becomes Cheshire cat size. The jogger sweats profusely and pleads,
"Come on, you're a good oni . . . eh . . . onna. You wouldn't do this
to me."

"Maybe if you sing," Ryoko purrs.

"Sing?" The jogger does not believe his own ears.

"SING YOU YELLOW CARNEY," Ryoko shouts into his right ear.

The blue-haired man starts to sing:
Oh Lydia, Oh Lydia
Have you seen Lydia?
Lydia the Tattoo Lady
She has . . .
Because of the fear thick in his mind, the man sings the song in
English. Unable to understand any of the words, Ryoko pouts at the
ruination of her fun. With disgust on her sharp face she teleports to
just twelve feet above the glassy sea and drops the still singing
stranger. He plunges into the salty water while Ryoko hangs around to
make sure he resurfaces. When the blue head breaks the surface, she
puzzles over the feeling of relief that touches her spirit. As the man
spits water out of his mouth, he shouts at the disappearing woman,
"MUSIC CRITIC!"
**********
Nobuyuki finally works his way through the maze of alleys to reach the
place where the explosions originate. The first thing he sees is Scully
on her knees as she holds the weeping Sasami. The echo of his steps, as
he crosses the street, brings the agent's emerald gaze to him.
Carefully the brown-eyed man kneels behind the sobbing child and
reaches forward to place his left hand on Scully's right shoulder while
his right hand touches the shaking child's back. "Sasami-chan, it's
time to go home," tells Nobuyuki. Tenderly Scully transfers the
blue-haired child to the black-haired man's gentle arms. Wordlessly
Sasami locks her arms around the older man's neck, buries her pink face
into his left shoulder while the rivers of tears flow from her eyes.

Nobuyuki gives Scully a questioning look as he slowly stands up while
he cradles Sasami in his arms. "Sasami-chan is in shock, Inkushimi,"
Scully answers in a low voice. "She saw someone die in a gruesome way.
The death itself would cause this reaction but the duration suggests
that it reminded her of something else."

Just then Mulder comes around a corner behind Nobuyuki while Katsuhito
appears next to Scully. As Mulder opens his mouth to speak sirens break
through the city's constant noise. "Looks like its time for us to go,"
informs the old priest in English. The pair turns away from the FBI
agents, walks up the street where Tenchi joins them and the group
disappears into night's secret passageways.

"The jogger got away with the tape," informs a tired Mulder to Scully.

"No, he didn't," corrects Scully as she pulls the tape from her coat
pocket and hands it to her partner.

"Why didn't you give it to Mr. Masaki?" wonders Mulder.

"The tape only matters as evidence in your crusade," her emerald eyes
locking on Mulder pale green eyes. "I owe them my life but I also owe
you, Mulder, because you're my partner. In the end the decision isn't
mine to make, it's yours."

"So I'm to dance upon the sword's edge," Scully nods at Mulder words
while both turns to greet the arriving police cars.
**********

Chapter Six: Devil in a Blue Dress
12:02 a.m. Outside Graceland Karaoke, Kurashiki
Chief Detective Goto Henry pulls up in his dark car next to the crime
scene just as Mulder and Scully finishes their oral statement to the
local officer-in-charge. When Mulder sees Goto get out of the car, he
walks over to him with Scully right on his heels. With pale flames in
Mulder's green eyes the American asks the NZK officer while he holds a
pair of black sunglasses under the man's nose, "Maybe you can explain
this to me!"

The sweat glistens on Goto's forehead as he replies, "I can't tell you,
Mulder-san."

"Those two have been bird-dogging us since we've arrived in Japan,"
Mulder's words taking on an air of certainty, "when we recovered the
tape, they murdered Hideyuki trying to get it and would have killed us
if it wasn't for some passerby's intervention."

"If Hideyuki hadn't pulled his gun, no harm would've come to him or to
either of you, Mulder-san. They only wanted the tape," Goto realizes
his mistake after the words leave his lips.

"So who's in charge of this cover-up, the NZK, the Shadow Men or both?"
contempt reeks in Mulder's question.

"You'll find out when you turn in your report," replies the shameful
inspector.

"You mean a decision has already been made?" Scully's own anger comes
to the surface. "Two men were killed in an attempt to possess this tape
and now you tell me their deaths were meaningless?"

"If the NZK had allowed us our weapons, Hideyuki would be alive,"
states Mulder, his face just inches away from Goto's face.

"It would've meant three people would be dead not two. Go to bed,
Mulder-san, Scully-san," Goto replies as he turns away from the
Americans and walks over to the arriving police inspector.
**********
The alert bus driver's black eyes wander to his strange passengers.
Rarely does the last bus to Mabi carry any customers, especially a
weird mix like this: the honorable Shinto priest of the Masaki Shrine,
his adopted son, his grandson, an amber-eyed gaijin woman and little
girl with blue hair. The people set in pairs with Tenchi next to a
sleeping Ryoko and Katsuhito next to Nobuyuki, who protectively holds
the little visitor to Slumberland. It wasn't until they broad the bus
to go home did Sasami's grief gives way to sleep's healing touch. The
use of the bus is Ryoko's idea because of her deep concern of Sasami's
emotional state couldn't handle the teleportation.

Nobuyuki looks on Sasami's peaceful face as she uses his right shoulder
as a pillow. The peaceful image brings forth his remembrances of the
last time he comforted a child. He could still see the images of that
snowy winter day. He holds Achika's hand lovingly as he feels her
spirit leave her ravaged body, he walks up the shrine's gray steps
while frozen tears cover his tan cheeks, his six-year-old boy's joy
turns to anguish when his little ears hear his father's halting words
and he feel his son's tears touch his face as he carries him to the
shrine's office to tell Katsuhito of his daughter's journey. Nobuyuki
remembers his decision to include Achika's love in his life, the
fatherly joy as he holds his newborn son and the pride his family gives
him. Within those images he sees Ninjin-chan's face, both yesterdays
and today, and how much his feelings for her makes him long for a
woman's touch in his life again. His behavior makes sure no woman would
overshadow his love for Achika by seeing him as a likely prospect. Only
someone Achika would approve of, someone he already cares for, someone
he could recreate what was once lost.

When the bus takes a tight turn, Tenchi feels the sleeping Ryoko sag
against him, her head falls onto his shoulder. He looks at her and sees
how much her calm face matches Sasami's peaceful one. When the bus hits
a hole in the road, Ryoko bounces off Tenchi's shoulder and drops
lengthwise on the seat, her head comes to rest on the surprised boy's
lap. Barely conscious, Ryoko turns onto her right shoulder, her
left-hand clasps Tenchi's waist, her nose just inches from the boy's
crotch as a happy word sighs from her lips, "Tenchi." Tenchi freezes
for a few seconds but relaxes when he realizes Ryoko is again asleep.
He senses the touch of her luscious cyan hair, her tender hug, the
rhythm of her rising and declining breasts and the affection when she
moans his name. All these feelings make Tenchi recognize Ryoko is more
than a demon, more than an uchu kaizoku. She is a beautiful woman who
cares about him. Yet he remembers her past, her deeds that Ayeka would
not let people forget and the mask of aggressiveness Ryoko places upon
her face, to keep from being hurt but he detects cracks in the mask
whenever she is with Sasami and in that one happy sigh.

Katsuhito takes careful glances at Nobuyuki and Tenchi and sees the
play of emotions on each man's face. A half smile on his old lips for
he knows his hopes for these two are not built upon sand. As the bus
comes to a slow stop, the driver locks the brakes, gets up, walks to
his passengers, bows to them and says, "Your stop, noble priest."

"Ryoko, it's time to wake up," Tenchi tells her with a small smile on
his face.

"Can't we stay like this, Tenchi?" asks Ryoko, her smile matches his.
"Touching you, smelling you, feeling you ki holding me."

"Eh . . . Ryoko, the driver waiting for us," Tenchi's words match the
fear his body might betray his attraction to her.

"Oke, Oke," wistful words leave her lips as her amber eyes finally
open. "I just wonder if I'll get another chance to be this close to
your chinhoko (life-giving sword) again."

"Ryoko . . . " Tenchi sees the pain in Ryoko's face his angry tone
causes her. Without looking at him Ryoko stands up and follows
Katsuhito. Nobuyuki continues to carry Sasami but shoots a hot glare at
his son as he passes him. Tenchi lets out a frustrating groan as he
follows his father.

"So who now has the tape?" asks Tenchi as he tries to break the group's
mood.

"The yellow guy didn't have it but he said Sasami-chan saw where he
dropped it," answers Ryoko.

"Well, Sasami-chan didn't have it when I took her from Ninjin-chan,"
informs Nobuyuki.

"I saw Akaruime hand the tape over to Ninjin-chan," the priest's calm
voice announces. "The child wasn't happy about giving it up."

"You didn't take it back?" Ryoko wonders bluntly.

"At the time the little princess was crying in Ninjin-chan's arms," the
elder's words awaken Ryoko's concern for Sasami.

"So the Americans have the tape?" asks Tenchi.

"Hai," replies Ryoko but an insightful gleam enters her amber eyes. She
floats over to Katsuhito, opens her mouth but before she can say
anything, the elder priest stops as they pass the lakeshore and
comments, "That's interesting."

Curious, the other three come up to stand next to him. All four pairs
of eyes see Ayeka slumber on the ground just inches from the mirror
water. "How did she get out here?" whispers Nobuyuki as he tries not to
wake Sasami.

"I don't know," concern in Tenchi's low voice. "But I'll take her in."

The ample lady's eyes widen as Tenchi walks toward the blue-clad
beauty. She fades then reappears between the brown-haired boy and the
prone princess. "Oh no, Tenchi. I'll take her to her room," her jealous
tone brings laughter to Katsuhito's red eyes and a grin to Nobuyuki's
face.

"Oke, Ryoko," Tenchi's voice fills with surprise since he did not
expect such an unselfish act from the cyan-haired lady.

Ryoko floats over, lands next to the snoozing figure and sees the
peaceful smile on Ayeka's face. The horns of jealousy upon Ryoko's head
vanish as the princess' blissfulness awakens happiness within the
leather lady. "Don't worry Sasami-chan," she murmurs softly.
"Ayeka-imoto has found her heart." Nobuyuki does not notice the faint
smile on Sasami's tiny lips.

Ryoko kneels next to Ayeka and tenderly picks up the violet-haired
princess. When she stands up with the lady in her arms, Ayeka snuggles
against Ryoko's leather clad body and speaks in a child's voice,
"Okasama, was otousama naughty again?" Her knowing tone brings
confusion to everyone's faces except Katsuhito, whose left hand goes up
to cover his grin. Everyone waits for more words but hear only the
woman's slow breaths as she falls back to sleep.

Tenchi gives a slight shrug and leads the others toward their home.
Ryoko falls in next to the elder priest and whispers to him, "Can I see
you later, guji?"

"Of course, Ryoko-dono," replies Katsuhito.

"I'll come as soon as I can," informs Ryoko.

The elder nods as he splits from the others and heads to the shrine's
granite staircase.

Tenchi opens and closes the front door for the others as well as help
them takes off their shoes on the genkan. "You must be getting tired,
otousan. Why don't you let me carry Sasami-chan to her room?" asks the
worrisome youth.

"I'm fine, musuko. It's been a long time since I put a sleeping angel
to bed," Tenchi sees the tender look on his father's face as those
words bring warm memories to his mind. A gentle embrace carries
Tenchi's unawake form to his room after a day of fun with his joyous
parents. His father changes his clothes and his mother tells the sleepy
child a bedtime story. His spirit floats into sleep's domain as two
pairs of lips lightly touch his forehead.

Ryoko slowly floats up the entrance staircase with Nobuyuki right
behind her as Tenchi brings up the rear. Tenchi's mind replays the
events of the last few minutes which produces for him a puzzled smile
over the sisterly way Ryoko carries Ayeka and the fatherly way Nobuyuki
carries Sasami. He wonders if this is a prelude to the future or just
an aberration that will disappear with the dawn's early light. Ryoko's
body and her package phases through the princesses room's door while
Tenchi opens it for his father. Both men watch the uchu kaizoku bend
down to place the violet-haired lady in her futon.

As her relaxed body touches the futon, Ayeka murmurs in a child's
voice, "Oyasumi (Goodnight) Okasama," and gives Ryoko a kiss on the
cheek.

Ryoko's amber eyes go wide but she overcomes her surprise, returns the
kiss in the same way and whispers as she pulls the covers over the
prone body, "Oyasumi, Oujo-chan."

The cyan-haired woman stands up, turns toward the men but finds
Nobuyuki next to her, who speaks very softly, "Could you get
Sasami-chan ready for bed. I might be a hentai but I'm no kochikan
(pedophile)." He gently hands the sleeping child over to Ryoko, goes
out the door with Tenchi and closes it.

Ryoko bends her head down to whisper in the child's left ear only to
find those pink pools open. "Time for bed?" Sasami asks with a sleepy
smile, which Ryoko couldn't help but return.

Ryoko kneels down, helps Sasami change into her light green nightie and
puts up the princess' blue hair in its protective coverings. Satisfy
with her readiness Sasami jumps into Ryoko, hugs tightly the surprised
lady and says softly, "Ryoko-neechan, arigato for helping
Ayeka-neechan."

"I didn't do anything!" denies Ryoko as she tries to sound tough.

"Of course you didn't," Sasami cheerfully retorts and kisses the uchu
kaizoku on the cheek. "Oyasumi, Ryoko-neechan."

"Oyasumi, Sasami-chan," Ryoko replies tenderly, kisses the little one's
forehead with ghostly lips while she fades away but neither one notices
the red crescent of Ayeka's eyes closing.
**********
Ryoko appears under the plain stone torii at the entrance of the Masaki
Shrine. She no longer wears the red leather outfit, instead she floats
up the stairs in a simple red-and-white kimono. The cyan-haired woman
flutters through the entrance and goes over to the stone water basin.
She picks up the wood ladle and drips it into the basin to purify for
the ritual. She washes her left hand, switches the dipper to her left
hand and washes the right one. Then she takes the vessel to her lips,
rinses her mouth with the cold mountain water and spits it into the
stone drain. Ryoko walks up the stone path to stand in front of the
shrine, claps her hands twice and bows over her clasp hands in silent
prayer. Ryoko tries to use the prayer to calm the fiery emotions in her
soul. She knows she must get the tape from the police but realizes what
she is about to do could drive Tenchi and the others away from her.
'Please, please Kami of the shrine, still the battle within and bless
my endeavor,' these soundless words echo in her mind. Again, Ryoko
feels the warm care from the Gem wash over her spirit and still her
turmoil. 'Who are you?' her mind fills with wondrous words. 'I can't
hear your words but I feel your song. Are you Funaho-Ki or someone
else? You certainly not Kagato-tono (master), I know his iron fist all
too well.' Ryoko receives no answers as the warmth slowly melts away
but its calm remains.

Ryoko teleports to the shrine office's door and lightly raps twice.
"Come in, Ryoko-dono," answers Katsuhito's calm voice.

The ample form of Ryoko phases through the door and sees Katsuhito
kneeling next to his writing table. She gathers her courage up before
the calm priest, walks within five feet of him as the elder turns to
her, kneels and prostrates herself before him. In a steady voice she
asks, "I'm going to get the tape back from the deka. I gave it to them
so it's my responsibility to retrieve it but to do it I need your help,
guji. I need someone who knows the language this gaijin speaks and
you're the only one I know and trust."

"How do you propose to learn their language?" questions Katsuhito's
strong voice.

"With one Gem I can copy any language a person has within his mind and
make it my own," Ryoko words full of hope.

"So you are asking me to volunteer this knowledge to you?" guesses the
elder.

"Hai but there is a drawback," a touch of fear in her voice. "Memory
fragments of the way you learned that knowledge can be absorb during
the process. If there is something you don't want me to know, then we
won't do it."

"You've never told anyone about the side effects?" asks Katsuhito,
curiosity dances in his red eyes.

"I've always taken what I need. I didn't care who I hurt, who I killed
or who I crushed," Ryoko's voice quakes and doesn't dare to look up
into Katsuhito's face. "You know what, I liked doing it. I found pleasure
when I caused pain, when I took life from others and when I broke their
ki."

"But now it's different?" Katsuhito tries to keep pity out of his
voice.

"Hai. As I watched the world pass with each season from the cave
entrance, I saw a life denied to me: a world of laughter and tears, of
hopes and fears, of triumphs and tragedies. I found myself longing for
it, to be a part of it."

"But there's more to this?" asks the patient elder.

Ryoko nods and continues, "Your kazoku showed me just how much mockery
my life was, the life of an akurei no hakai. I wanted your way of life,
I wanted to be a human being."

"But you don't trust Ninjin-chan and her partner," informs the priest.

"I could tell she is your friend but I can't take the chance her
partner will help us," Ryoko tries to keep tears out of her voice. "I
know deka. I've fought them, I've killed them and I know how they work.
Maybe your friend won't hurt us and her partner will help us but they
answer to others. I fear those who pull the strings, I fear the puppet
masters."

"So by recovering the tape you hope to prevent our deaths," deduces
Katsuhito.

"Or worse," she replies. "But I will promise you I will not harm your
friend or her companion. I see how Nobuyuki-san acted around her and
Mulder-san has merit in his liver."

Katsuhito sees how much Ryoko wants to prove herself worthy to him,
worthy to be his grandson's mate and he smiles inwardly. "I will help
you, Ryoko-dono," his soothing voice snaps Ryoko's head up, her amber
eyes mirror relief.

"Domo arigato, Katsuhito-dono," Ryoko replies. She scoots forward to
just inches from the priest, takes a few minutes to clear her mind and
says, "Ready?"

"Hai," the elder replies with his eyes close.

Ryoko slowly brings her left wrist to just within an inch from
Katsuhito's forehead, closes her eyes and concentrates. The Gem glows
blue and she touches it to his brow. Disorientation seizes Katsuhito's
mind as all his senses are left void of input. After a few minutes he
hears a child's soft chuckles and opens his eyes. Before him stands a
twelve-year-old girl with spiky red hair, whose young face reflexes the
beauty he sees in Ryoko features but the green eyes catch his
attention, ancient eyes that deny her body's youth.

"Konnichiwa, Hakubi Washu," states Yosho with a short bow.

"Konnichiwa, Masaki Yosho Jurai," amusement in her voice. "I was
curious as to why you were so willing to help Ryoko-chan when your own
inclination was to trust your friend and her partner. Now I know.
Unlike the connection between me and the Gems, you deduced the bond of
mother-to-daughter would allow you to talk with me."

"I wanted a counsel from the greatest genius in the universe," a sliver
of humor in Yosho's voice.

The humor dissipates a little as Washu replies as she points with her
right thumb over her shoulder, "My knowledge didn't keep me out of this
crystal overcoat." Yosho looks, sees the huge crystal and the figure
within it.

"We are sometimes blind to our children's flaws," comfort in Yosho's
youthful voice.

"True but you play a dangerous game, Yosho-sama, the game of kings, "a
somber tone matches her strong eyes. "When the Gems became a part of
Tenchiken, you learn Ryoko-chan was a tool controlled by Kagato-san.
You took pity on her, helped her and even protected her from your own
people. Your discovery of Kagato-san made easy your decision to remain
on your okasan's homeworld. During the seven hundred years you
carefully built a place for your kazoku in this land and a trap for him
but you've made mistakes."

"Akaruime," this one word fills Yosho with sorrow.

"Your musume," sympathy in Washu's voice. "You push her to bond with
Funaho-Ki before she is completely trained in the secrets of Jurai. In
the end she used Funaho-Ki's powers to save others but it brought about
her death years later. The kazoku you created was nearly destroyed."

"I believed she was the one destined to release Ryoko-dono from her
prison but I was wrong," Yosho's heart aches with every word. "Instead
her fate was to save the future."

"You were left with Tenchi-chan to raise until his otousan could save
himself," Washu continues. "But you decided to follow a different path
than the one you use with your musume. You trained him in the ancient
skills of Funaho-sama's homeland instead of Jurai's and you created
stories about Ryokoakurei to ensnare his imagination but you discovered
a connection already exist between her and him, one brought about by
Tsunami-megami."

"Hai, the Tree of Beginning allowed Ryoko-dono's astral body to be a
part of Tenchi's childhood," Yosho nods "but as Tenchi grew his
interest moved away from the shrine, away from Ryoko-dono."

"So you took a final risk," Washu's green eyes reflect the certainty in
her voice. "One night you recited Horosha's poem, 'Ryu Ojiisama' to
Tenchi-dono and his imagination was aflame again. The next day you
purposely left the office, hide next to the granite stairway and
waited. After giving him enough time you returned to find him searching
for the keys to Ryoko-chan's cage," a tinkle of humor enters her voice.
"You had a little fun with him before you slipped the keys into his
mouth. From there on a chain-of-events occurred which only
Tsunami-megami could have seen."

"So you think Tsunami-megami guides us?" wonders Yosho.

"Her hand used to be heavy upon Jurai but recently it became more
subtle, her care for her Trees is now equal to her care for her tools,"
Washu's deep vision locks on Yosho's young eyes. "In the last seven
hundred years, Tsunami-megami has allowed free will to develop both
here and on Jurai. She might water a plant or give it nourishment but
now she allows it to grow its own way."

A notion strikes Yosho's mind and asks, "You seem to know much of what
has happened here but your connection with Ryoko-dono was cut when the
Gems were removed and only reconnected when Tenchi-san returned one of
them to her. So . . . "

"How do I know everything?" interrupts Washu, a wicked gleam in her
eyes. "Once the connection was restored, I examined Ryoko-chan's memory
to catch up on events surrounding her. But I was never out of contact
with either Funaho-Ki or you."

"Oi . . . " shock rips through Yosho's mind.

"You think the path the Gems' energy flows to Funaho-Ki and then to you
is one-way," her voice fills with amusement over Yosho's reaction. "In
return for keeping your bondmate sentient and you youthful, I have
eavesdropped on your life and Tsunami-megami's actions. I'm sure
Tsunami-megami knew of my journeys within the Trees' group mind but she
has only seen fit to prevent my meeting of any of the Trees' bondmates
except you.

"So we are connected to you just like Ryoko-dono?" asks a shaken Yosho.

"Not the same way. I can hear your and Funaho-Ki's thoughts but I can't
read your memories or emotions," acknowledges the little redhead with a
sigh. "Also your discipline, as a Shinto priest, will allow you to
block my access to your thoughts anytime you want to."

"Since you've respected my privacy and didn't reveal me to your musume,
I'll keep the door open," Yosho tries to calm his voice as he silently
wonders if the founder of the Galaxy Academy has revealed to him the
whole truth.

"Domo arigato," Washu's smile turns grim. "But the threads of fate are
coming together. What you have been waiting for is coming."

"When?" Yosho voice becomes deadly serious.

"Wit . . . " Pain lashes through both minds, a soundless scream tears
through their spirit.

"RYOKO-CHAN!" cries Washu.

"I know what's wrong!" With those last words Yosho's astral body
plunges back along the spirit paths, back to a tiny planet and the
shrine's office. His eyes fly open to behold Ryoko on her left side,
her body in spasms and terror in her amber eyes.

Yosho's hands seize the sides of her head, forces her eyes to look into
his and commands, "Ryoko-dono! Snap out it! It can't hurt you! It
happened a long time ago!"

Slowly the horror drains away from the uchu kaizoku's eyes only to flow
in her English words, "The humming death from above, the screams of the
living, the rotting smell of the dead, the pitiless eyes of the foreign
soldiers with their shouts of vengeance and the shame of surrender. But
I was a part of them, a part of the living and the dead. I felt their 
sufferings, their dreams and their camaraderie but I saw it all taken
away by the monsoon of slaughter." Suddenly a loathing tone enters her
words as she continues, "This is what I brought to my victims. While I
gleefully snapped their bones, I snapped their dreams. When I joyously
burned their homes, I burned their hopes. As I laughed at their
sacrifice, I laughed at their spirit. How could Lord Yosho spare me
after what I did to Jurai, to millions across the galaxy?"

Katsuhito's brown eyes look down at Ryoko's sad face and say in
English, "We are all made of darkness and light. It's possible that
Lord Yosho saw within you the tiny flame trying to drive away darkness'
grip upon your soul and decided to help it."

"You think so, priest?" a thread of hope in Ryoko's voice.

"Besides, he probably thought a tough old woman like you could handle
it," Katsuhito deadpans.

"Thanks a lot," Ryoko frowns up at him, pushes herself to a kneeling
position before the elder as a curious notion enters her mind and she
asks, "You learned English as a prisoner-of-war?"

"Yes, I surrendered on Tulagi Island after most of my men either fled
or were killed," serious calm invades Katsuhito's voice. "I didn't
believe in the madness which seized the minds of my fellow countrymen
but I still owe them my fealty. Because of my social status I was made
a captain of marines but my first command was my last. This happened
before the bloodlust brought about the atrocities on both sides so my
wounds were treated and I was shown respect. After I was interrogated,
I was sent to a prisoner-of-war camp at a place called Fort Dodge,
Kansas."

"Flat lands with mountains of snow. How long were you there?" Katsuhito
hears sympathy in Ryoko words and realizes her imprisonment produces a
mutual link between the two.

"Three and a half years," the elder continues. "At first it was very
lonely for I was the first commissioned officer captured by the
Americans, it wasn't for another eight months before new arrivals came.
I couldn't communicate with any of the camp's personnel so my isolation
became worse. After six weeks of this silent suffering I decided to
learn their language. I gave a note to a guard asking to see the camp
commander. The next day I saw him and gave him another note asking to
learn English. Two weeks later a young American officer was sent to see
me. He asked me, in Nihongo, why I wanted to learn English. I told him
the Nihonjin are made of steel but we were still human, we still crave
for human speech. The next week the same person came to me and started
to teach me his tongue."

"A young man with blond hair and clear gray eyes," Ryoko couldn't help
feel some friendship to this person in the elder's memories.

"I'm sure that the only reason his superiors allowed him to teach me
was the hope I would give them more information but it didn't stop him
from being respectful to me, from offering his hand of fellowship to an
enemy of his nation," Katsuhito's words matches his smile of
remembrance. "He even smuggled a bottle of sake to me one night. We had
a party with each trying to drink the other under the table. Again, I'm
sure his commander ignored this break of discipline in anticipating of
getting blood from a stone but I didn't mind and neither did he."

"What was his name?" asks the smiling woman.

"Captain Steven Rodgers," the name touches a cord of sadness in the
priest's spirit.

Ryoko senses this emotional change and asks, "What happened to him?"

"I don't know," Katsuhito replies. "Once it reached a point where his
commander believed nothing could be gain from me, the lessons ended and
he said goodbye to me. By that time I was advanced in my learning and
continued it by talking to the personnel which got me angry looks from
the other prisoners."

"You never saw him again?" questions Ryoko.

"No," Katsuhito continues. "I just hope he survived the war. The world
needs people like him, people who can see beyond the anger, the hate
and find the possibilities for goodness."

"Well . . . " says Ryoko as she gets up. "I've got to get going. Can I
use your telephone?"

"Yes," answers the elder. "They're staying at the Culture Hotel,
Okayama. Mulder's room is 613."
**********
1:37 a.m., Room 613, Culture Hotel, Okayama
Mulder stares at the laptop's monitor. For the last ten minutes his
hands lie limply in his lap, his mind drowns in a lake of guilt and
loneliness. 'How could I've been so wrong about Hideyuki?' his own
thoughts condemn Mulder. 'He just wanted to help me, to be a member of
our team but each time he got too close I allowed my paranoia to push
him away, I treated him like a flawed tool. Because of it I was
surprised when he tried to protect Scully and me. His death opened my
eyes but it's too late to say I'm sorry.' Like a lens, Mulder's guilt
magnifies his loneliness. Even with Scully in the next room, he knows
she is a part of a world he could only look at from the outside.
'Hideyuki offered to be my helmsman upon this ship,' Mulder thoughts
continue. 'To guide me through the reefs and shoals to deep water but
now there is no one at the wheel.' At this moment the rooms' telephone
rings. Mulder reaches over, picks up the receiver and says, "Mulder
here."

"This is Ryoko Hakubi," informs the cyan-haired woman in almost perfect
English. "I need to see you."

Surprise fills Mulder's mind as he replies, "It's kind of late,
Mrs. Hakubi."

"Please, I need to talk to you," desperation in her voice's tone.

Mulder looks at the tape next to the laptop. He realizes this is a
chance to learn if the Masaki family is worth his help and replies,
"Okay, where?"

Mulder hears another voice in the background but can't recognize it as
Ryoko replies, "The Heartbreak Karaoke Bar. It's just six blocks south
of your hotel. I'll meet you there at three o'clock."

"I'll see you then," acknowledges Mulder.

"And thank you," Ryoko says as the phone goes dead.

Mulder's misery vanishes as Ryoko's last words bring a smile to his
lips and thinks, 'I might enjoy this.'
**********
A sleepy Rumiko hears the hallway floor creak as someone passes her
door. The bespectacled lady decides to stretch her legs and gets up
from her artist desk. On pink bare feet she steps over her sleeping
assistants, pads over to the door, slides it open and peeps out. The
petite lady sees the back of the soggy American heading for his
apartment. "Kawatta-san is up late," Rumiko mumbles to herself before
her nose wrinkles up, "Kya, he smells!" The black-haired woman closes
her door and goes back to finish her latest Tendo story. She wonders
what her fans would think about an American character in one of her
many stories.

MacClean hears the action behind him but he is too tire to care. He
remembers the stares the bus riders gave the dripping jogger and how
some move as far away from him when their noses are hit by his foul
aroma. Even after he gets to his truck, it takes another hour to reach
his apartment in this ancient boarding house. MacClean slides open his
apartment door, goes in and closes it behind him. As he peels off the
blue-haired wig and pops the contact lens from his eyes, he notes the
flashing light at his telephone message machine. The blond-haired man
pushes the replay button. "MacClean, this is One-Trick Pony," reports
the artificial voice. "Mulder received a plea from Hakubi Ryoko to meet
her at the Heartbreak Karaoke Bar, Okayama, at three o'clock." A groan
of words leaves the gray-eyed man as the message ends, "Well . . . I
just have to hurry and hope no females are using the communal bath."
**********
2:55 a.m. Heartbreak Karaoke Bar, Okayama
Mulder arrives early at the colorful bar and scans the people passing
by him. The man in light brown suit suddenly sees a man with sunglasses
walking toward him on his left. Mulder breaks into a run across the
street, dodges oncoming vehicles and disappears into an alleyway,
certain that the OIK man is after the tape in his coat pocket. The dark
man follows the fleeing man's path but stops when his senses find
nothing. The man scrutinizes the alley as he slowly steps forward until
he reaches a dead end but does not detect Mulder hanging above him.
With no time to react, a dropping Mulder kicks the OIK man in the head
and lands awkwardly on his back. Mulder looks up to see the man in
darkness already getting up, faces the American with a silver disk in
his hand. Mulder struggles to stand as the OIK man moves to press the
object against the agent's neck. Suddenly, a narrow beam of red light
slams through the back of the attacker's neck and removes the head from
the trunk. The dropping body reveals a smiling Ryoko as she blows air
over her right first finger.

"Eh . . . Thanks," surprise in Mulder's words. "But did you have to
kill him?"

Ryoko bends down, retrieves the round item and shows Mulder the two
barbs on one side. "This is a slave maker," a grim note to her English
words. "It injects a mind control drug which has a varied effect
depending on the person's willpower, it can even cause a self-inflicted
heart attack."

Mulder feels a lot less sorry about the corpse and asks, "What about
the body?"

"Oh, that easy," amusement in Ryoko voice as she steps forward, holds
her hand over the corpse and focus her mind. Mulder backs away when
concentrated energy radiates from her palm and reduces the body to
ashes in minutes. "There, all done," pride in her voice. "Now lets go
back to the bar."

"Okay," a touch of fear in Mulder's tone as he realizes she could kill
him with easy but chooses not to. At the same time he notes how hot she
looks in the dark blue miniskirt with light blue, leather thigh boots.
Mulder also notes the light makeup to enhance her lovely face and a red
glossy hair band to pin back her cyan hair.

When the pair enters the bar, their ears hear a customer in shiny white
sadly sing the bar's title. Both takes off their shoes, then a waitress
leads them to a seclusive booth. The pretty hostess assumes, by their
looks, they are Americans and asks in English, "What would you like to
drink?"

"Dragon's Fire Sake," replies Ryoko in perfect English.

"A large scotch on the rocks," answers Mulder in American English.

"Okay," acknowledges the blond-haired lady, she turns away to fulfill
their order.

After a few minutes pass, Mulder asks, "So what did you what to talk to
me about?"

"Maybe that was a pretext to give me a chance to seduce you over to the
dark side," teases Ryoko, her left finger traces Mulder's jaw line.

A reluctant smile appears on Mulder's lips and he says, "Flirting might
get you somewhere but I think you wanted to say something to me?"

Ryoko waits while the waitress delivers their drinks. Both take a sip
from their cups, then she answers seriously, "You're in the big leagues
now, rookie. Behind each door, in every alleyway and on crowded streets
will be people who see you as a danger to their enterprise. You need
allies, powerful people you can trust." Mulder is unaware of the rice
paper envelope Ryoko opens carefully underneath the table with her left
hand, the brownish surface glistens with powdery crystals.

"I've been an FBI agent for four years," counters Mulder. "I think that
would make me something more than a rookie."

"That was minor league stuff. You didn't face individuals who could
fire bolts of energy from their weapons or just their hands, turn your
body into a marionette or steal your memories," While those passionate
words leave Ryoko lips, her Gem produces a bluish glow, the powder
disappears and the bottom of Mulder's drink discolors.

"You are offering me a covenant in return for the tape?" a painful tone
in Mulder's question as Ryoko's last three words triggers the reopening
of an old wound. He quickly takes a swallow of his scotch.

"At this moment, the house by the shrine contains some of the most
powerful and experienced individuals you will ever find: two princesses
from the largest empire within the Galactic Union, a Shinto priest
whose hand can be found in many businesses and me, a space pirate,"
Ryoko firmly states.

Mulder frowns, takes another slip from his drink and says, "I can
almost believe the part about the girls and the old man but you don't
look old enough to be a space pirate."

"I can look anyway I want to," with those words Ryoko's hair changes
from cyan to brown to Ayeka's purple to black and back to cyan while
her eyes go from amber to green to red to black and back to amber. Then
she continues, "I've been a space pirate for two thousand years, under
the puppet control of a monster named Kagato. By his hand, I've
murdered millions, destroyed planets and crushed dreams but it made me
a master killer and gave me the knowledge of the dark underside of this
universe."

"Until you met Yosho," reminds Mulder as he places his lips to his
glass.

"He got lucky," growls Ryoko. "I was still exhausted from attacking
Jurai."

"But he let you live?" wonders Mulder as another mouthful of Scotch
hits his stomach.

"He did something I wouldn't have done if I was in his position,"
confess Ryoko.

"It must have been lonely in that prison?" sadness creeps into Mulder's
tone, he is oblivious to the booze's unusual effect.

"At first I accepted the solitude as a relief from my master's control
but it quickly turned into a silent agony as each new century passed
by," the phantom of Ryoko's hell touches each word. "It reached a point
where my mind craved into itself."

"What saved you?" asks a melancholy Mulder as he gulps down the last of
his drink. When the potent drags of his glass hit his system, a
groundswell of guilt encompasses every cell of his mind.

"A boy," a smile in Ryoko's voice. "But we're getting away from the
subject. What about my offer?"

Mulder knows everything the woman tells him matches what Scully and he
has found but it seems secondary while his emotions bash into his
spirit. Paranoia's grip on his soul melts away by the loneliness that
bubbles from his heart. Ryoko's eyes go wide as she witnesses unshed
tears in those pale green eyes. "I . . . would . . . like . . . that,"
Mulder's words choke with emotion. "I've . . . been . . . alone . . .
for . . . so . . . long. No . . . one . . . to . . . believe . . . in,
. . . no . . . one . . . to . . . trust."

Ryoko moves close to Mulder's shaking frame and asks, "You can tell me
what's wrong?" The cyan-haired woman recalls the man's words that the
drug turns a man into a tiger in bed but this reaction is from left field.

Barely able to control his words, Mulder answers, "When I was
twelve-years-old my eight-year-old sister was kidnapped by aliens. I
watched her float away from me, through the bedroom window and I froze
in terror, doing nothing. No one ever told me why she was taken or what
happened to her, it was as if she never existed but she did for me. She
was the little brat who laughed at my jokes, the prankster who played
games with me and a partner-in-crime who stayed at my side no matter
what. I miss her so much." Mulder's head touches the table while
unchecked tears spill from his eyes.

The American's words and tears unlock Ryoko's own feelings of
loneliness from its cage. Instinctively her left arm drapes his shaking 
shoulders while her right-hand touches Mulder's brown hair. "What about
your partner, Dana Scully?"

"She's a spy sent to keep me in check," replies the grief stricken man.
"Her god is science, what can't be explain by analyzes does not belong
in her world."

"Aren't there others who believe as you do?" Ryoko's words try to
comfort Mulder.

"They are not my friends. I'm just a collaborator to their own agenda,"
Mulder's words deepen with guilt. "The one person who tried to be my
friend I allowed my mistrust to push away and now he is dead."

"The young man killed tonight," guilt laces Ryoko's words.

"He . . . offered the hand . . . of . . . friendship and I . . . could
only imagine . . . the dagger . . . of betrayal," a new wave of sobs
cuts into Mulder's words.

Ryoko decides the bar is no longer the place for them and says, "I'll
get you to your room." Mulder only nods.

Ryoko leaves money on the table to pay for the drinks. She helps the
grieving American to his feet and uses her right arm to support his
weight as they slowly work their way to the bar's front door. Halfway
to their destination a man in white bumps into Mulder. Ryoko sees a VHS
tape fall toward the ground between them and she stoops and scoops up
the object with her left hand before it hits the ground yet her right
hand never stops holding Mulder up.

"I'm sorry about bumping into you two," his southern accent makes clear
the black-haired man's concern. With the bar's lights bounce off the
glittery stones on his jacket, he asks, "Can I help you with your man?"

"No thank you, sir," replies a concern Ryoko as she puts the tape back
into Mulder's jacket pocket.

"Are you sure?" his courteous charm makes Ryoko smile.

"Yes, we'll be fine," the girl in the miniskirt answers. The man with
the long sideburns weaves goodbye, turns and walks away in his blue
suede shoes. Ryoko also notes Mulder's state-of-mind leaves him unaware
of what just happen.

People pass by unconcern about what they perceive as a hooker taking a
drunk to some bungalow. The hotel personnel turn a blind eye to this
human nature but Ryoko doesn't care about the mild contempt she sees in
the hotel's night manager's black eyes as she retrieves the room's key.
As they make their trek to Mulder's room, Ryoko's own guilt and
loneliness intensify with each sob from the agent's cracked lips and
his tears wash her left hand as she holds his head against her
shoulder. A short time later the cyan-haired woman opens the door to
room 613 and half carries Mulder to his bed. The American limply sits
on the bed as the slim lady carefully removes his coat and shoes.

"Goodnight," says Ryoko, barely able to keep her own tears in check and
turns to leave.

Mulder grabs her trailing right hand and turns a surprised Ryoko
around. The brown-haired man slowly pulls the cyan-haired woman down
while he moans, "Please hold me. I don't want to be alone with her
ghost tonight."

When Mulder hugs Ryoko, her own self-control shatters as salty waters
falls from her amber eyes and her body shakes. Ryoko returns the hug as
Mulder buries his head in the woman's hair, both know each seeks to
escape the haunting of their past. In this embrace they fall sideways
onto the bed.

After a few minutes Mulder says, "Hakubi?" She turns her sharp face up
to him, he kisses her on the lips and when their lips part, he
continues, "Thank you." His was not a kiss of passion or lust but
one of gratitude.

Ryoko smiles, returns the kiss with the same gratitude and sniggles up
against his chest. Soon both fall asleep. This night, neither one is
alone.
**********
Sasami lets out a happy sigh as her pink eyes behold the sight in
Tsunami's pond. She knows her body is asleep, in the futon next to her
sister's in the room they share, but on some nights, her soul wanders
dreams' paths to visit the past and the many futures. This night her
little feet found themselves next to the Tree of Beginning as both
watch the events surrounding Ryoko and Mulder play out.

"You like this kitsune (fox) don't you, Sasami-chan?" softly says a
mature version of her voice next to the child's right ear.

The little one's upper body twists around to see Tsunami's crouching
figure just behind her, stares into the other pair of pink orbs for a
few seconds before she replies, "He reminds me of the stories about the
Saishono Kishi Jurai (First Knight of Jurai)."

"A seeker of truth, a protector of the weak and a destroyer of
illusions," the feeling in Tsunami's words matches Sasami's smile.

"Can we help him find his imoto?" asks the hopeful child "He loves her
so very much."

"We can try, Sasami-chan," replies Tsunami.

Sasami pauses for a couple of second, then asks with a mischievous
smile, "Can we reward Kitsune-san for helping us?"

"What kind of a reward?" inquires the goddess. Sasami gets on her toes
and whispers into Tsunami's ear. The goddess' smile turns into a
Cheshire Cat's grin and nods to the giggling girl.
**********
Chapter Seven: What a Wonderful World
The morning sun hangs just above nature's mirror as it brings warmth to
the Masaki's home. Tenchi tries to suppress a yawn while he steps down
the living room's staircase. In his school uniform, Tenchi walks to the
kitchen entrance as his ears pick up the rat-tap-tap of a heavy knife
on a cutting board and the light humming of the little princess.
"Ohayo, Sasami-chan," greets the brown-haired youth when he comes
through the door.

"Ohayo, Tenchi-san," Sasami's happy voice replies. The pink-eyed wonder
wears the carrot-decorated apron over her bright green and black
kimono.

"All you oke?" the young man remembers Sasami's sad experience from the
night before.

"Hai, I'm fine," no trace of sadness in Sasami's words.

"Gu," Tenchi comes to stand next to the girl, watches the child chop
the dark forest mushrooms and continues, "What's you making?"

"Shiitake miso soap for choshoku," replies Sasami.

"Otousan will love it, shiitake is his favorite vegetable," comments
Tenchi but a puzzle look comes to his face and continues, "Sasami-chan,
have you seen Ryoko?"

"No, Tenchi-san," Tenchi doesn't detect the joyful tone in Sasami words
due to the fading in of the uchu kaizoku at the kitchen's hallway
entrance. No longer in the blue miniskirt and boots, Ryoko wears a
light green dress with an ankle length skirt which tries to conceal her
sexy form and a tiny red heart on her left breast.

Both viewers see a dreamy smile on Ryoko's face as she floats toward
them. "Ohayo, Sasami-chan," her words greet the girl, her right hand
rumples the happy child's curls as she passes by. "Ohayo, Tenchi," her
perfect lips blow a kiss to the youth. Tenchi prepares himself for her
bone-crushing hug but the cyan-haired woman just floats on by and
leaves a puzzled and slightly disappointed youth, Sasami's shaking
shoulders show she barely contains her laughter over Tenchi's reaction.
Ryoko pours a cup of tea from the ceramic teapot, sits on the wooden
stool at the kitchen's island and happily sighs while she watches
Sasami.

The people in the kitchen hear Nobiyuki come down the entrance
staircase as the front door opens. "Ohayo, otousan," hails Nobiyuki.

"Ohayo, Nobuyuki-san," replies Katsuhito. "I see the absence of the
deka means our involvement in last night's incident has been concealed
by Ninjin-chan and her partner."

"You think the crisis is over?" questions Tenchi's father.

"We'll know in a few hours," replies the elder as both men come into
the kitchen. Nobuyuki wears his brown salaryman suit while Katsuhito is
in his priest clothes.

Everyone welcomes each other but then Nobuyuki notices the happy glow
in Ryoko's face. "ARA MUSUKO!" shouts Nobuyuki as he locks his son in a
massive hug. "You're finally a man! With you turning away Ryoko-san's
allure I was so worry you were netachi (queer)!"

"OTUOSAN!" cries Tenchi as he tries to break Nobuyuki's embrace. "I did
not SLEEP with Ryoko!"

Nobuyuki pulls back with both hands on Tenchi's shoulders and retorts,
"But Ryoko-san's gentle radiance. A woman only looks that way after
she's slept with her man."

"Na (C'mon), otousan! " Tenchi sternly tells his father. "I was too
tried to do something like that."

"But if there are no leaves or roots . . . " Nobuyuki pauses, then
fiercely continues. "See what happens when you spurn Ryoko-san's
passion! Now she's got another man!"

Katsuhito's sees Tenchi's eyes bugs out while Ryoko lets out a deep
sigh yet what draws his attention is the tinkling laughter from the
little girl behind his back, like this was a private joke only Sasami
knows about.

Tenchi pulls away from his father's grasp and takes a few hesitant
steps to Ryoko, "Is this true?" Both his father and grandfather could
hear hints of fear and jealousy in the young man voice.

Ryoko's amber eyes focuses on the youth's troubled face. With her right
hand she reaches underneath her shirt. The kitchen island blocks the
other people's view although Nobuyuki leans over Tenchi's right
shoulder in an attempt to get a better look. The uchu kaizoku's hand
comes back up with the VHS tape, places it on the countertop and simply
says, "I got it."

Tenchi gingerly touches the top of the tape, then asks fearfully, "You
didn't . . . ?"

"I went there to seduce him if it was the only way to protect the ones
I care about," Ryoko calmly replies. "But it never reached that point.
Mulder-san agreed to give me the tape in return for our aid in his life's
work."

"But what about your glow?" questions Nobuyuki.

"Mulder-san is haunted by the spirit of his lost imoto," deep sadness
in Ryoko's voice. "He only asked me to hold him on this lonely night."
Katsuhito sees Sasami's no longer laughs but has a secret gleam in her
pink eyes.

"So nothing happened?" relief in Tenchi's voice.

Ryoko bends forward to look deep into the youth's brown eyes, grins and
says, "You're jealous."

"Ya da atashi! (No way!)" Tenchi's words are betrayed by his uncertain
tone.

"You know, Tenchi, I like it," Ryoko cheerfully retorts as her right
hand touches his chin, the light caress invokes a flood of warm
sensations from Tenchi's heart. The cyan-haired lady leans even further
to murmur softly in the young man's right ear, "I'm going to take a
bath. You're welcome to join me, my anata." As Ryoko fades away she
gives the emotional Tenchi a happy gaze and leaves the older men with
wise grins and the little one with a shy smile.

Nobuyuki picks up the tape while he asks the elder, "You haven't seen
the tape, otousan? Why don't I show it to you before we eat?" Katsuhito
nods and follows his adopted son into the living room.

Tenchi leans back on the countertop next to the stove and groans, "How
does Ryoko's ki makes my heart jump yet leave it thin?"

"You haven't been around your mei and oi (nephews) much, Tenchi-san,"
guesses Sasami.

"Not really, Sasami-chan," confesses Tenchi. "I spent most of my
vacations at the shrine and otousan's relatives rarely visited it or
our home."

"So you're not use to being both teased and cared by the same person?"
asks Sasami, she add the mushrooms to the soup stock.

"Well, I've been joked with by otousan and jiichan," replies the
confused young man. "But it seems different coming from Ryoko."

"Maybe if you had a neesan or imoto you would know how to handle it," a
touch of sadness in Sasami's voice. "In some ways, I've never had a
niisan because I lost Yosho-oniisama when I was three."

Tenchi hears Sasami's sorrow but his eyebrows lift when an idea dawns
in his mind. He turns to her, goes to one knee, his hands upon her
shoulders turn the child to him and he tenderly confesses, "You know,
when I was a kodomo (child) I always wanted an imoto, to play games
with and to take care of. I would be very happy to be your niisan,
Sasami-chan."

The little pout on Sasami's face explodes into glee. She throws her
little arms around Tenchi's neck and cries, "ARA TENCHI-NIICHAN!" A
perplexed Tenchi returns the hug while joyful waters leak from the
child's pink pools onto his right shoulder. 'Why such traumatic
outbursts from Sasami-chan?' the young man silently wonders. 'Maybe
last night was harder on her than she believed.'

After a few minutes, Tenchi hears someone clear his or her throat. He
glances over the joyous child's blue ponytails to see Nobuyuki at the
kitchen door, the older man's right hand motions his son to follow him.
Tenchi's father silently leaves while the young man carefully separates
from the little one's embrace and says, "You better take care of
choshoku. I've still got a few things to take care of."

"Oke, Tenchi-niichan," Sasami replies with a bright smile on her
freckled face.

Tenchi comes through into the living room, pauses slightly at the
doorway to smile at the light-footed girl, and asks his father, "What
is it, otousan?"

"Look," replies Nobuyuki.

Tenchi sees an episode of Macross on the television but his eyes go
wide as he notices the VCR is on. In a fearful tone he says, "But Ryoko
told us Mulder-san gave the tape to her. Do you think he's tricked
her?"

"He doesn't strike me as a liar," Katsuhito calmly comments.

"The food is ready!" says a smiling Sasami while she brings the huge
bowl of rice to the chabudai.

"Why don't you go get Ryoko, Sasami-chan?" tells Katsuhito. "We'll
bring the rest of the meal in."

"Oke, jiichan," replies Sasami with a nod.

The little one skips out through the hallway entrance to the furo. Ten
minutes later two giggling females come into the living room. When they
approach the low table, Katsuhito says, "We have a problem,
Ryoko-dono."

"What is it?" mirth in Ryoko's voice, a dark red towel covers her damp
hair.

Nobuyuki hits the play switch on the VCR and states, "Ryoko-san, this
is the wrong tape."

"NANI WA (WHAT)!" shouts Ryoko. Confusion grows in her stiff body as she
watches the anime on the screen. Finally she can no longer hold back
her words, "But he GAVE me the tape."

"Are you sure he didn't try to fool you?" asks Nobuyuki.

"No! Not after what happened this morning," certainty in Ryoko words.

"Describe to us what happened when you were with Mulder-san?" suggests
Katsuhito.

"I help him in a run-in with one of those dark-dressed men but he still
had the tape then," Ryoko's right hand against her forehead as she
concentrates on each word. "We had a drink together, talked about our
problem and agreed on a solution," Ryoko eyes fly open and say with
conviction, "When we were leaving, a man bumped into Mulder-san and the
tape was dislodged from his coat pocket. I grabbed it before it hit the
ground, put it back into Mulder's pocket and the man apologized before
moving on."

"The drop-and-pick maneuvers," comments Katsuhito.

"Kya . . . how baka (stupid) I am!" Ryoko's body shakes with rage as
her words flew through her clenched teeth.

"A what?" the others ask in unison.

"A suri (pickpocket) will bump into his target, drop something to
distract it while he picks its pocket," informs the elder. "Was
Mulder-san also distracted?"

"Oi . . . he wasn't in any shape to notice what was going on around
him," a touch of guilt in Ryoko's words.

"Then this was planned," reveals the priest. "He knew about the tape
and used another one as bait. When he dropped the tape, Ryoko-dono went
for it because she thought it was the original."

"Ryoko, can you identify this tsukami (gripper)," asks a concern
Nobuyuki.

"Like flipping my palm," Ryoko replies coolly. "He was a Western gaijin
with saggy black hair, long sideburns and wore a white suite with
bright stones on his vest and pants."

Tenchi's shoulders slump, Katsuhito rubs his chin to hide a fleeting
smile and Nobuyuki lets out a groan. The ladies look at each other in
confusion over the men's reaction and Sasami asks, "What's wrong?"

"Ryoko-dono's description fits over a thousand Elvis impersonators here
in Nihon," informs the priest. "In other words, he was wearing a
disguise."

Ryoko amber eyes narrow as a thought enters her mind and sharply says,
"Even if we can't find him, it does suggest a few things about him."

"You're correct, Ryoko-dono," confirms the elder. "If he was hired by
someone to get the tape, he wouldn't wear a disguise because he
wouldn't plan to stay where he could be found."

"A gaijin who knew about the tape and wanted it," puzzles Tenchi.

"A gaijin!" shouts a wide-eyed Ryoko. "The yellow jogger was an
AMERICAN!"

"A fourth party?" wonders the brown-haired youth while everyone else
nods in agreement.

"Who could he be?" asks Nobuyuki, then a smile spreads across his
face.

Tenchi sees his father's smile and asks, "What is it, otousan?"

"Just a hunch, musuko," replies his father. "Well, let's eat this
wonderful meal Sasami-chan made for us."

As the group head for the low table Ryoko's left-hand touches
Nobuyuki's right arm and asks, "Nobuyuki-san, won't you tell us?"

"It's just a hunch, Ryoko-san," Nobuyuki replies with a knowing smile.
"If I'm correct, he poses no threat to us. He could even be a friend."
**********
7:05 a.m. Room 613, Cultural Hotel, Okayama
Mulder stares into the bathroom mirror as he tries to fix his brown tie
just right. Although he feels refreshed, the pale green eyes he sees in
the mirror are still mystified over the early morning encounter with
Ryoko Hakubi. In the seven years as a FBI agent Mulder prides himself
as a man who keeps a clear head. He thinks back to his Oxford days to
find another weird mishap, a prankster puts speed in his gin-and-tonic.
The old memory triggers a revelation in Mulder's mind and a Cheshire
Cat's smile on his lips.

When Mulder walks back into the bedroom, the doorbell rings. In a few
light steps he reaches the doorknob and says, "Friend or foe."

"It's me, Mulder," replies a puzzled Scully.

"Definitely a friend," comments Mulder while he opens the door.

His partner notes the cheer of his words and sees the green sparkle in
his eyes. Inquisitively Scully suggests, "You're in a good mood."

"Scully, for once the future isn't such a lonely road," remarks the
brown-haired man as he turns back to the bed to put on his shoes. The
redhead goes over to Mulder's wordprocessor, views his investigation
report but no type. Mulder says while he ties his black shoes, "You can
read the report if you want to."

Scully takes up the offer but her mouth drops open with every word,
turn to face an amused Mulder and says, "This must be hard for you,
Mulder. You took all reference of the Masaki from the report and lied
about the tape being lost."

"Actually once my emotional balloon was burst, I realized the choice
was easy," Mulder grins up to her. "Goto already stated the report was
dead on arrival. So I made a little deal with an unexpected caller."

"Who?" questions Scully.

"Ryoko Hakubi," answers Mulder. "She offered the full resources of the
people at the house in exchange for the tape."

"Then you believed that they are aliens from another planet?" prods the
emerald-eyed woman.

"From what I've heard and seen, Scully, I would say yes," affirms
Mulder as he retrieves the papers from his partner. "Wouldn't you
agree?"

"Hakubi's action last night suggests it's possible," Scully reluctantly
confirms, then remember the lightening blade in the boy's hand. "Maybe
even Tenchi Masaki and the collar on Sasami's pet suggest the two other
girls are royalty from a place called Jurai."

"At least this way I'll get something out of this dead duck," a grim
smile matches Mulder's words.

"Still I would like to thank you, Mulder," says a grateful Scully.

"Well, let's go face the music," utters Mulder as he heads for the door
with the redhead in tow.
**********
Langly's fingers lightly rap on the desk next to the keyboard as he
waits impatiently for Single Bullet's report. His midnight report is a
delay notice and the emergency report at three a.m. is another delay
notice. If the Single Bullet's eight o'clock report has a delay notice,
then Langly would send out a membership alert to find him.

"Nothing yet?" asks Byers with two paper cups of cocoa, offers one to
the longhair while he sips the other. The blond-haired man gratefully
takes the cocoa but shakes negatively.

"I wouldn't worry, Ringo," mumbles Frohike while he munches on a tuna
salad on sourdough. "Remember the last time he disappeared during the
Persian Gulf War."

"Yeah," awe in Langly's words. "He was wounded when he and a SAS team
blew up the Iraqi germ warfare lab."

"It took Talisman two months to find him," adds Byers, stream rises
from his cup.

"He was lucky he'd run into that Ukrainian hooker," says Langly. "She
told him about an American, hiding in a brothel."

"But he kept on moving from one pleasure house to another," responds
Byers.

"He was using the brothels as cover in his hunt for Saddam's suicide
squad," Langly fills in. "He and the Masad had to find them before they
were told to release the microbe."

"Some people have all the luck," remarks Frohike as he takes another
bite.

"You think the powers-that-be would tire of his other activities?" says
a concern Langly.

"No," replies Byers. "He's an independent agent with a successful track
record, he's too valuable for them to throw away."

With Byers last words, the computer's monitor comes to life with a
password: How do you cure a headache?

LG: With Maxwell's Silver Hammer.

SB: You guys are all heart. I've been chased by Mulder, Shadow Men,
taken a swim in the Inland Sea, sang Hound Dog, typed up the
newsletter's top story, gotten not one wink of sleep and I'm due for
work in two hours.

LG: You knew the job was dangerous when you took it.

SB: You're not Super Chicken and my name isn't Fred.

LG: So you got the dope on what happened?

SB: Is the fax machine ready?

LG: Ready for bear.

SB: This isn't the whole story. This article is designed to counter the
statements released by the Japanese National Police and the American
government. I've left out the names of some individuals whom I hope to
cultivate as allies.

LG: How Mulder and the little chickadee?

SB: The last time I saw Mulder he was leaving with a devil in a blue
dress. I haven't made contact with his partner, only seeing her for a
few seconds during their game with the Shadow Men.

LG: What was the score?

SB: Don't know. I had a run-in with a flying cat.

LG: WHAT?

SB: I can't tell you anymore. The rest is in the fax.

The conversation ends as the printer spits out the fax. Byers picks up
the first page, reads the first sentence and his brown eyes go wide.
**********
Ayeka kneels before a low table she uses as her desk and eating table
in the princess' room. The young woman keeps herself under control when
she hears the door slide open behind her and someone comes in. Ayeka
keeps her eyes forward while Sasami enters her field of vision and
places breakfast on the table. The little one turns to leave but the
red-eyed woman's right hand takes hold of her sister's soft right hand
and says, "Domo arigato for the food, Sasami."

"You don't need to thank me, oneesama," replies the bright-eyed child.
"I would do anything to help you."

"Even ask that bakemono onna to save me?" harshly questions the First
Princess.

Tears fill Sasami's large eyes as she answers, "I LOVE you,
Ayeka-neechan! I couldn't bear to see you hurt yourself!"

"How did you know I was going to comment seppuku?" surprise in the
older princess' voice.

"I had an awful dream the night before," cries Sasami. "I stood before
the door to our room when I heard you shout. I yanked the door open to
find you kneeling on a pillow, your body dressed in white and in your
hands was a blade. Ryoko-neechan was standing over you, dressed in
white and black, a grim smile on her face and her energy sword held
high in both her hands." Sasami tiny body trembles as her words
continue, "I tried to shout but no words came, I tried to move but my
limbs refuse to and all I could do was watch as you plunged the dirk
into your throat. As your lips open to scream Ryoko-neechan's blade
swung through your neck in one quick blow. Terror filled my ki while my
eyes beheld your body crumple to the floor in a pool of blood.
Ryoko-neechan picked up your head by your hair, placed it in my hands
and said to me, 'You are now Saishono Oujosama Jurai'." When Sasami
turns to face Ayeka, the full force of the little one's anguish words
wash over her sister, "I had to stop it! I LOVE you so much!"

"What did the bakemono ask for in return for her help?" flint still in
Ayeka's voice.

"Ryoko-neechan did it on her own," replies the tearful child. "I think
she overheard me talking about you to Tenchi's jiichan."

When Ayeka hears Sasami call Ryoko her elder sister, a revelation hits
her startled mind. 'Did Ryoko help me because Sasami called her elder
sister?' she thinks. 'Did that one word capture the oni's ki?' A little
sniffle yanks Ayeka's consciousness back to Sasami, where she sees how
wet the girl's freckled face is. Ayeka takes Sasami by the shoulders
with her firm hands and says tenderly, "Gomen nasai, Sasami. I've made
you cry again."

"Just promise me you'll never leave me again, Ayeka-neechan!" pleads
Sasami. "I don't know what I'll do without you!"

"Even with Ryoko's care?" teases Ayeka.

"No one could ever replace my LOVE for you!" weeps the blue-haired
child.

Ayeka hugs Sasami and utters, "In that case, I'll promise never to
leave you no matter what happens."

"Oi, Ayeka-neechan!" cries Sasami while her small arms fiercely return
the hug.

Minutes later the two sisters release each other and a smiling Ayeka
says, "Now go on and let me eat your wonderful food before it gets cold."

"Oke, Ayeka-neechan," Sasami answers as her light feet carries her out
of the room.

At the brown van, both Nobuyuki and Tenchi could see Ryoko floating
outside the princess' window, looking in, before she fades away.
"Otousan, do you think Ryoko cares about Ayeka-san?" puzzles Tenchi.

"She cares for Sasami-chan but the oujosama . . . " shrugs the older
man.

"Well, maybe things will calm down if she does," a hopeful tone in the
youth's words.

"I don't know about that, musuko," comments Nobuyuki, a Cheshire Cat's
grin on his face. "I've seen sparks scatter more between
onees (sisters) than strangers."

"But Ryoko isn't their onee," confusion in Tenchi's words.

"If Sasami-chan treats Ryoko-san as a oneesama, sooner or later
Ayeka-san will too," counters the black-eyed man.

"Well, maybe things will get easier for me if that happens," proclaims
the black-haired young man.

Laughter bursts pass Nobuyuki's lips and leaves Tenchi bewilder. When
the noise ends, the man in the brown suit loudly declares, "Ke (Fur)
flies when nekos (cats) fight over the same nezumi (mouse)."

A distance away Katsuhito catches his adopted son's words while he
calmly walks to the shrine's stone steps and softly comments,
"Especially if they don't want to share."
**********
9:21 a.m. NZK Headquarters, Tokyo
The two FBI agents step out of the elevator onto the 27th floor of this
glass masterpiece to justice. Both could feel the eyes of everyone on
their backs but they continue the journey to Director Kajishima's
office. Mulder opens the outer office door for Scully, steps in after
her while the redhead gives a short bow to the middle-aged secretary,
who returns it, as she informs her, "We're Mulder-san and Scully-san.
We're here to give our reports to Kajishima-sama. I believe he is
expecting us."

"Kajishima-sama told me to send you in as soon as you've arrived,"
responds the still elegant lady.

Again Mulder opens the door for Scully much to her amusement, as if a
new hope gives energy to an old soul. A huge expanse of glass covers
the exterior wall, which gives all within the room a beautiful view of
the city's skylight. Besides the traditional oak desk near the window
are several suits of armor from Nihon, China, India, Middle East and
Europe along the interior walls. The desk has the normal office
equipment on top of it as well as a picture of the director's family,
the current Nihon Prime Minister and other knickknacks, the most
unusual is the Stanford Cardinals' baseball cap. The Director raises
from his comfortable brown chair behind the desk while Chief Detective
Goto Henry turns to face them. Both groups give a short bow before
Kajishima says in English, "So, you have your reports ready. Good."

Mulder and Scully hand their reports to Goto who relays them to
Kajishima. Taking possession of them the older man comments while he
sits, "I understand Detective Goto has let the cat-out-of-the-bag."

Mulder barely hides his contempt as he replies, "He implied our reports
would be buried."

"No, Mulder, not buried, just not accepted as our official position,"
Kajishima calmly retorts while he holds up another report. "Detective
Goto's report has been released to the media as our statement. Why
don't you read it?"

Mulder takes the report, starts to read it as Scully carefully asks,
"What about the lab reports from Okayama Police Forensic."

"The early lab reports were declared erroneous due to the excitement of
the investigation, final reports interpret the same evidence
differently," responds Kajishima.

"So the Seto-ohashi Bridge was hit by an experimental aircraft being
tested by the Japanese Self Defense Force for the United States armed
forces," states Mulder as he looks up from the papers in his hands.

"Correct, Mulder," replies Kajishima with a thin smile. "The lab
reports will show the wood-like wreckage was of a new material which
renders the craft completely invisible to radar and visual sighting."

"According to the report what caused the machine to crash was
mechanical failure," quotes Mulder, a hard edge in his voice.

"Again, correct," answers Kajishima with a gleam in his black eyes.
"The aircraft exploded just above the Inland Sea which sent a chunk of
the machine into the bridge."

"What about Tomas Long?" wonders Mulder.

"An accident, nothing more," replies Kajishima although Mulder hears a
false note in that statement.

"What about the white animal?" asks Scully with mix emotions.

"The test pilot's mascot was a freak of nature," returns Kajishima
evenly.

"And the collar?" questions the hopeful redhead.

"A piece of costume jewelry the pilot picked up somewhere," the elder
responds a little too quickly. "Since the animal and the collar have no
bearing on the case, you can have them if you want them."

Immediately both agents recognize the offer as a bribe to Scully and it
tells them the Director's true knowledge of the situation surrounding
the Masaki family. Scully turns her head to Mulder, pleading in her
emerald eyes. Her partner's pale green eyes seem to smile while he
gives her a short nod. "Domo arigato, Kajishima-sama," replies Scully.

"What about Koyama Hideyuki?" a mix of guilt and cold anger in Mulder's
voice.

"He forgot where his loyalty lie," Kajishima coolly retorts. "A mistake
which wasted his life and left his mother and grandfather in sorrow.
His funeral is in three days, the family would welcome your
attendance."

"What about his family right to know what their son died for?" counters
Mulder, a glare in his pale green eyes. "What about the people right to
know the truth?"

"The family's honor is satisfied for he was defending justice," answers
Kajishima. "As for the people, they don't care about the truth as long
as the lies don't interfere with their bland lives. Already apologies
have come from both the Nihonjin and the United States' governments
with pledges of financial support for repairing the Seto-ohashi Bridge.
Even private businesses are giving promises of monetary or material
support with the largest coming from the Jurai Holding Company."

A mild shock runs through the two Americans when they hear the
company's name, then broad smiles appear on their faces which produces
a puzzled look from Goto's face. Ignoring the smiles Kajishima says,
"Maybe next time your reports will be accepted as the official truth."

"Next time!" the three agents say in shocked unison.

"Your investigation showed an extreme complacency in our people. You
found evidence of the explosion within minutes of arriving at the
scene, followed all the leads no matter how impossible they seem,
gathered remorseless evidence and allowed no one to stop you," declares
the somber elder. "As such, I've asked the FBI to assign you and your
partner as liaison officers to the NZK, to organize a department to
handle cases like the one you've just done. Both of you will hold the
position of Chief Detectives with all the rewards and
responsibilities."

"What . . . was the reply?" asks a dazed Mulder.

"They said yes as long as you and your partner agreed to the
temporary assignment," replies the sober Director.

"What about my work back home?" questions a suspicious Mulder.

"They told me a new officer will be assigned to your section," the
elder answers evenly. "He will handle the day-to-day operations and
will call you in whenever a case is appointed to your office. From here
it's just a flight away."

"Who would we be under?" ask Mulder, his mistrust lessens.

"Assistant Director Sato Hitoshi," replies Kajishima.

Mulder goes over in his mind all the possibilities and headaches this
could give him. He looks at Scully, notices his partner's eyes are
straight ahead and her mouth silent as she tries not to influence his
decision. Then Mulder remembers the reports from Daniel Valodella. It
cost him three Washington Redskins' tickets to get Scully's
psychological and security report but it was worth it. Both reports
show a person in crisis, a close relationship with her father, an
affair with an older, married man causes a rift with her mother and the
loss of faith in her religion. Mulder comprehends this is Scully's
chance for a happy life with people she considers her friends.

"I'll accept your offer," utters Mulder with a smile, he hears Scully
release her breath. Mulder steps forward, his right hand reaches into
his breast pocket, pulls out some broken sunglasses, tosses them on the
desk and says as his grin turns grim, "But tell the Shadow Men to stay
out of my way!"

Both Americans give a bow of farewell before they turn and surrender
the room to the two pale men. Goto Henry is the first to recover and
asks, "Are you sure this is a good idea, Satoshi-sama?"

Kajishima swivels his chair around to look upon the beautiful cityscape
before he answers, "It takes a strong man to cross a dangerous bridge."
**********
11:38 a.m. Masaki Residence
Ayeka stands at her room's window, sees the two policemen come out of a
light green vehicle while Ryoko, Katsuhito and Sasami come forward to
meet them. 'Are they here to arrest the bakemono onna?' she gleefully
thinks before anger at her own weakness quickly suppresses that
unworthy emotion. 'I can't let them, I owe that oni for opening my
eyes.' Ayeka turns away from the window to change her clothes.

As the two agents go to meet the trio, they see Ryoko is in a light
green full-length dress, Katsuhito is in his priestly grab and Sasami
is in a green-black-pink child's kimono. The three from the house notes
the two-foot oblong box in Scully's hands and the smiles on the
Americans' faces, which causes Katsuhito to comment in English, "Since
you don't have a horde of deka here, I assume you're not here to arrest
us."

"Correct, sir," replies Scully, both Americans note an earphone covers
Sasami's left ear with the wire going down to a black Walkman in her
left hand. "The NZK has decided to release a report telling the
destruction of the middle section of the Seto-ohashi Bridge was caused
by the mechanical failure of an experimental aircraft being tested by
the JSDF for the United States."

"So we're in the clear?" asks Ryoko in English.

"As long as you keep a low profile," answers Mulder, he returns the
conversation to the elder, "Mr. Masaki that was a nice demonstration of
muscle when the Jurai Holding Company made the huge pledge."

"Please call me Katsuhito," counters the priest. "It was meant to
remove shame from the honor of the Royal Jurai Family and as a reminder
to the government to tread lightly on our friends."

"Well, I think it produced one unforeseen result, Katsuhito," adds
Scully with a small grin. "We are now liaison officers assigned to the
NZK, to help form their own X-Flies."

Ryoko's eyes bulge slightly and asks, "We're not loosing you guys?"

Mulder's smile evolves into a lopsided grin as he replies, "Looks like
you're stuck with us, Hakubi."

"Call me Ryoko," frowns the uchu kaizoku but becomes curious. "What's
in the box?"

"Masaki Sasami Jurai," utters Scully in Nihongo as she takes a step
forward.

Sasami pulls the earphone out of her pink ears and turns the Walkman
off before she asks formally, "Yes, Scully-sama?"

"As the representative of the governments of the United States of
America and Nihon, we return to you the body of your deceased pet,"
pronounces the redhead. Sasami takes a step forward as tears appear in
her pink eyes while the others hold back their own. Both give a proper
bow before the formal lady passes the little coffin to the sad girl.
Then Scully reaches into her right coat pocket and places the
white-metal collar on top of the polished wood before she asserts, "and
I would feel very sad if you didn't call me Ninjin-chan, Oke?"

"Oke," Sasami voice full of sorrow.

"Can the rest of us call you Ninjin-chan?" asks Katsuhito lightly in
English.

"Yes, except you, Mulder," Scully answers in English just as Mulder
parts his lips. "If I can call you Kitsune-chan, you can call me
Ninjin-chan."

"Eh . . . isn't it time for MacClean's noontime program, Scully?"
Mulder changes the subject.

Scully looks at her watch, replies, "In about ten minutes."

"Let's go in to listen to it," suggests Katsuhito.

"Sounds like a good idea," confirms Mulder.

Sasami gently carries the little coffin while the group heads to the
front door. When Ryoko opens the door, the little one asks
respectfully, "In a little bit I'm going to say my goodbye to my petto.
Could all of you come, please?"

Mulder gives Scully a puzzled look. "She wants us to participate in
some kind of funeral for her pet," Scully tells him.

Mulder crouches before the blue-haired girl, places his right hand on
her left shoulder and says, "I would be honor to accompany you."

Sasami looks up at Scully who says, "Mulder-san said Hai as I will."

"I shall be with you, Sasami-chan," adds Ryoko, Katsuhito hears
reverence in the cyan-haired woman's voice.

"I will come as your ojiisan," says Katsuhito.

"So will I," adds an elegant voice from the open doorway. Everyone
looks up to see a wondrous sight for in front of him or her stands not
a plain Ayeka. A silvery spiderweb scarf covers her head and shoulders,
which makes her violet hair, red eyes and pink face glisten like
raindrops. Instead of her normal purple kimono Ayeka wears a pale blue
one with a shower of silver buttons, gold trim and the family
mon (crest) in purple thread on her left breast. The obi, around her
stomach, is a rich black with white images of the Trees on it.

"Oneesama!" cries Sasami as she runs to her sister while the rest give
her a respectful bow for they recognize before them stands Princess
Ayeka, representative of the most powerful empire within the Galactic
Union.

Ayeka places her hands on her sister's head and shoulder to comfort the
grieving child. Then Ayeka looks straight ahead at the others, takes on
the proper pose and declares strongly, "I, Masaki Ayeka Jurai, Saishono
Oujosama Jurai, have done some shameful wrongs to Ryoko-san. I have
attacked her without legal warrant for the Oken Iinkai Jurai (Royal
Council of Jurai) erased her past crimes. When she was my prisoner, I
tortured her without guilt. As events turned against me, I gave illegal
orders to these okeibu (police inspectors) to cause more harm to
Ryoko-san even after she gave back my sanity to me." Ayeka looks down
to see pride in Sasami's pink eyes, gives her sister a tiny smile, then
pulls her head back up and continues, "From this point onward, I hold
no legal animosity to Ryoko-san and ask only for her forgiveness for my
dishonorable behavior."

"It is given," Katsuhito hears not only surprise in Ryoko's reply but
also the same pride he sees in Sasami's face.

"Then we are even," only in Ayeka's last words does a hint of distaste
creep in but she quickly stifles it before she continues, "Sasami and I
are going to our room to prepare. When we come back down, Wakare Ni
Shindeiru (Farewell to the Dead) will begin." Ripples of violet and
blue ponytails swirl around the two princesses as Ayeka makes a tight
formal turn to her right with Sasami in her protective embrace and the
two go up the entrance staircase together.

"What just happened?" confusion in Mulder's tone.

"The first step on a long road," replies Katsuhito in English.

"Eh . . . " Katsuhito's words bewilder Mulder.

"Mulder, Princess Ayeka has just confess to illegal use of her royal
powers and asked Ryoko's forgiveness for her actions," informs Scully.

"And I gave it with pleasure," adds Ryoko.

"Because of the restrictions placed upon a shinshoku, I will need to
change my garments before the ritual," Katsuhito changes the subject.
The elder turns to head for the shrine.

"Katsuhito-dono, may I come with you?" Scully tentatively asks.

"You may, Ninjin-chan," the priest replies over his shoulder. Mulder
and Ryoko watch the shorter redhead join the elder and the two walks
toward the red torii.

"Well, what do we do until the rest return?" wonders Mulder.

"Hmm . . . how about we listen to that radio program?" suggests Ryoko
in English.

"Sounds like a plan," returns a curious Mulder. Both slip off their
shoes, walk side-by-side into the living room while Mulder continues,
"So, what did you do with the tape?"

"The tape you gave us wasn't the same one," answers Ryoko, then quickly
adds, "It wasn't your fault, Mulder. When the man dumped you at the
bar, he switched tapes with you and I didn't catch it."

"So is the deal is off," concern in the brown-haired man's tone.

"No," answers Ryoko as she turns on the radio and adjusts the tuner.
"You gave the tape in good faith so the deal is still good."

Mulder sags in relief as his ears hear the Weirdo MacClean's voice,
"This is American Karaoke, where you try to sing Rock-n'-Roll in
Nihongo. As your first manager, I'll decide if you are the equal to
Western singers. My first selection, 'Ogon Hokori Onna', is from a disk
given to me by a neighbor in my boarding house. But before we listen to
Naomi's voice, we have 'Strange Days'." The intro music comes from the
speakers before the DJ continues, "The mystery of the Seto-ohashi
Bridge comes to a conclusion with the government declaring the damage
was done by a prototype craft being tested by the Jieitai for the
Beigun. Both governments have promised to rebuild the bridge and
private pledges are already coming in to help this reconstruction.
Strangely enough not all accept this statement. An American-based
newsletter, 'The Lone Gunmen', printed a front-page article asserting a
UFO driven by gorgeous women did the deed. What is my view on these two
statements, Well . . . maybe they're both correct? I mean the test
pilot could've been a woman and we all know how bad women drivers are.

"Now on a personal note I have a message to Kitsune-san and Neko-onna 
(Catwoman). Your baby is safe in its cradle and no shadows shall ever
fall upon it. Now let's listen to that Fleetwood Mac classic. I hope
Fuu-chan has a good pair of lungs."

Ryoko turns off the radio, turns to Mulder and says with certainty,
"Now we know who has the tape."

"Or at least where it's at," adds the pale green-eyed man.

"I'm tempted to go get it or at least rattle his cage," amusement in
Ryoko's words.

"Well . . . I know the Lone Gunmen, the organization MacClean belongs
to," Mulder tells Ryoko. "While I can't vouch for the whole body, the
ones I know I would consider being moral. If MacClean says the tape is
safe from the Shadow Men, then he is probably right."

"What about blackmail?" a worry tone matches the emotion in Ryoko's
amber eyes.

"Not part of their MO," replies a calm Mulder. "The Lone Gunmen fear
the aliens are corrupting our governments, turning them into puppets
for their own goals. Only by gathering, preserving and preventing the
loss of evidence can this conspiracy be revealed and destroyed."

"What about me, I'm an alien?" Ryoko asks lightly, both of them sit on
the overstuff sofa.

"But you've been on the Earth for the past seven hundred years. In most
countries, you would be considered a citizen," answers Mulder with a
smile on his lips. "Besides who would consider such a beautiful lady as
anything but a friend."

"You tease," Ryoko softly accuses with a hand to her lips, a blush on
her cheeks.

"I wouldn't mind if we were more than friends," adds Mulder but his
smile doesn't match the sadness in his eyes. "But I know your heart was
captured long ago by another."

"Tenchi," acknowledges the ample lady but guilt enters her spirit.
"Mulder, I've got . . . "

"It's okay," Mulder interrupts her. "I know about the drug."

"How?" surprise in Ryoko's words and amber eyes.

"It's happened before," answers Mulder. "Certain drugs cause contrary
emotional responses in me, like the one you used."

"I'm sorry, I didn't know if you would give up the tape," confesses
Ryoko.

"Don't be," counters Mulder with a knowing look on his face. "You broke
the dam around my soul, cleansing it of all my pain. For that reason, I
will always remember last night for the comfort you gave a stranger and
our spirits touched."

"As I will," adds Ryoko warmly. Both sit silently next to each other
but draw solace from the others' presence.
**********
Nagai High School
Tenchi lets out a sigh of relief as he hears Weirdo MacClean's
broadcast. He adds this bit of fact to Ryoko's information and
concludes his family and friends are now safe from arrest.

"Is something wrong, Tenchi-kun?" Robert O'Neill's brogue makes his
words roll off his tongue.

"Mo!" answers Tenchi with a startle laugh. "Just happy about my
kazoku."

"Gu," returns the blond-haired youth while he bites into the pouch
sushi at the end of his fork. "I was kind of worried about you."

"Oi . . . " the brown-eyed young man wonders.

"Hai, it was almost a replay of yesterday," but the happy relief in his
words disappear into sadness. "I'm glad someone's kazoku is safe."

"Is something wrong with your kazoku?" concern in Tenchi's voice.

"Nothing anyone can fix now," informs a glum Robert.

"There's always hope," encourages Tenchi.

"The dead can never come back," misery in Robert's words.

"Forgive my ignorance, Robert-kun!" shock in Tenchi's tone. "I didn't
know."

It's Oke, Tenchi-kun," sadness in Robert's blue eyes to match his
words. "It wasn't your fault. It was ours that caused the most precious
treasure to be taken from me and my brother."

"What hap . . . " the school tower clock interrupts Tenchi's words as
it calls the student body back to their homerooms.

"I'll tell you some other time, Tenchi-kun," Robert answers while he
stands up from the shady tree the two are under, walks toward the white
building with a curious Tenchi a few steps behind him.
**********
WHOSHI, Kurashiki
Anthony MacClean hits the play button to start the disk and leans back
in his chair as his mind fills with silent words. He knows, from the
electric bug-in-stuff-olive-in-the-drink trick and the one in the VHS
tape, the two groups were now one. His own research into Scully's past
gave him the knowledge about her connection with the Masaki family but
now with his own eyes and ears he could sense the bonding between
Mulder and Ryoko. Furthermore both bugs gave him information making his
choice to alter his broadcast and his story to the Lone Gunmen easy.
"Two princesses of Jurai, a space pirate and an influential Shinto
priest," MacClean mumbles in English. "Such allies could help me
against the conspiracy. Well, I hope the father's van is there so I can
deliver part two."
**********
Masaki Shinto Shrine
Scully sits on the shrine office's steps. While she stares into the flat
courtyard around the Hall of Haiden (Hall of Worship), her eyes show an
empty area but her mind sees the images of a young Achika and a young
Nobuyuki at play with a little redheaded girl. She does not hear
Katsuhito slide the office's door open nor detect his tranquil red gaze
upon her and it's not until he sits next to her does her spirit return
from the past. For a few minutes, both sit next to each other in
silence before Scully says, "Maybe we should get back?"

"Oke," replies the elder. He wears a dark green kimono with the Masaki
mon in red on his left shoulder. The priest offers his hand to the
emerald-eyed lady and Scully takes the offered hand. She wonders at how
firm his grip is, and the priest asks, "Ninjin-chan, was there
something you wanted to ask me?"

Both take steps to the sandy courtyard's entrance before the redhead
demands, "What happened to Achika-san?"

"Ara . . . how much have you figured out?" a mix of worry and curiosity
in Katsuhito voice.

"Only the little secrets friends share with each other and then I saw
what Tenchi did last night," a touch of flint in Scully's answer.

"So you know about our family secrets?" the red-eyed man's words more
of an acknowledgment than a question.

"Just a few, Katsuhito-dono," seriousness in Scully's reply. "Like the
connection between you and the Sacred Tree of the Masaki Shrine."

"Ara . . . so you know about . . . " the elder voice trails off.

"Hai, I know about Funaho-Ki," adds Scully as she starts down the
granite stairs.

"But you didn't believe it, Ninjin-chan?" comments the old priest as he
follows her down the steps.

"At the time I did but later I saw it as a kodomo's fantasy," Scully's
words strong to Katsuhito's ears. "It wasn't until I saw Tenchi-san use
his namesake did yours and Achika-san's words return to me."

"My words?" puzzles the elder.

"Your stories about Yosho-sama and his magical sword, Tenchiken,"
Scully's words match the knowing look in her face. "When I saw the rod
of blue light coming from the hilt in Tenchi-san's hand, saw it slice
up those men's guns, I knew it must be the legendary sword."

"So you remember my stories?" Katsuhito's words fill with realization
of how careless he had been around the redheaded child.

"You're a great storyteller, Katsuhito-dono," comments the woman next
to him. "Combine your stories with Achika's statement I was able to see
how a wandering alien from Jurai came to live in Nihon seven hundred
years ago."

"What did Achika tell you?" Katsuhito cautiously asks.

"Two weeks before I returned to my native country, she told me about
her bonding with Funaho-Ki," answers Scully as they reach the first
rest stop on the granite steps. "Her eyes were electrified over how it
opened her mind, allowed her ki to hear Funaho-Ki's voice, making it
possible for her to shape the power of the Tree and feel
Tsunami-megami's presence. She asked me never to tell anyone about it
and I've kept that promise."

"Mostly because you forgot about it," the elder adds dryly.

"When a child grows into an adult, it gives up childish things for
maturity," a drop of shame in Scully's voice. "I just gave up too
much."

"So what else have you figured out?" the old priest probes.

"Ryoko-san is probably the mythical akuma freed from her imprisonment,
you and Tenchi are descendants from an alien prince and the two sisters
are princesses from Jurai, although the part about them being Yosho's
siblings is a little hard to swallow," the emerald-eyed lady replies
with an uneasy frown on her lips.

Minutes flow by while they finish the descent of the stone staircase in
silence. When they reach the path to the house Katsuhito asks, "Your
feelings for Nobuyuki-san recalled these childhood memories."

"Hai, I'm attracted to Inkushimi," a blush to Scully cheeks matches the
feelings in her words. "Even Sasami-chan noticed how our affections for
each brought our eyes together."

"How long have you daisuki (really like) Nobuyuki-san?" prods the
elder.

"Since I was little," the redhead confesses softly. "At first I loved
him like a niichan but it quickly became a crush yet I knew him and
Achika ai suru (to love) each another." Scully held up both her hands,
made a fist with both, then raises the little finger on the right while
she brings the little finger up on the left, with the nail facing
forward. She links the two fingers together as her words continue, "I
couldn't force my way between them, they are my friends and I was just
a kochan."

"But now it's different," stated Katsuhito with a knowing look in his
tan face.

Scully stops in her tracks. Katsuhito continues for a few steps before
he also pauses and turns slowly around to look at the redhead. He sees
fear and guilt within those emerald eyes before she utters, "Is it? Do
I have a right to walk on Inkushimi's ai (love) for your musume, to
take her place in his heart?"

"We both know this is impossible, Ninjin-chan," Katsuhito calmly
reassures. "For twelve years I watched him grieve for my musume, with
all his mind, with all his heart. Now he has a chance to go beyond his
sorrow and Achika would want him to find happiness again but not with
any ordinary woman. She would want a person she knew, someone she was
close to."

"What if it does happen?" guilt no longer in her eyes but fear still in
her voice. "If we do fall in ai, what about Tenchi-san?"

"Tenchi knows his otousan's ai for his okasan will never change," a
touch of warmth in the elder's words. "But he wants the pain it causes
to be replaced with happiness. Tenchi wants Nobuyuki to remember Achika
with warm fondness."

"Tenchi-san would accept me?" hope in Scully's tone.

"Hai," the priest replies firmly.

Scully continues her walk toward the house as Katsuhito stays next to
her; the elder notes her measured steps reflex the silence turmoil
within her heart. The priest opens the door for them, both step inside
and take off their shoes. When the two enter the living room Mulder and
Ryoko stand up from the couch and go to join the others in the middle
of the room.

"So we're ready," comments Mulder but then wonders, "I wonder how much
longer before the rite starts?"

"I think right now," Ryoko calmly answers in English as her sharp ears
pick up the opening and closing of a door in the still house. The
cyan-haired woman adjusts her head to get the best resonance before she
finishes, "They heading for the entrance staircase."

"Let's meet them," recommends Katsuhito.

The small group goes into the hallway, forms a line parallel with the
stairway and wait. The first thing they sense is two humming voices in
harmony drifts down to them. First Sasami then Ayeka slowly appears at
the top of the stairs. Katsuhito matches the startle looks in an
attempt to hide his knowledge of the ritual. The two princesses wear a
white kimono top with long loose sleeves, a light red obi and dark red
baggy pants, all notice a dark green two-foot long bag under Ayeka's
obi. White ashes cover their faces with a single black tear on each
cheek. The little princess' arms reach out with her pink hands face up
and flat in front of her, with the small coffin perfectly balance upon
them. Ayeka carries two earthen bowls in front of her, a cloud of heavy
smoke pours from the right one. Mulder notes how the hazy cloud makes
the two princesses look as if they descend from the heavens. Scully
puzzles over similarity of the two's outfits to the traditional chihaya
and hibakama of a Shinto miko, she also knows miko like Shinto priests
cannot handle the dead. Ryoko smiles as the fragrance of the incense's
smoke touches her sensitive nose and gives her the reason for the
slightly glazed look in the two princesses' eyes. When the two figures
reach the hard wood floor, Ayeka goes to the first person in line,
Katsuhito, while Sasami waits at the door and continues to hum. All
notes the other bowl in the violet-haired lady's hand is halfway full
of clear rice oil.

"Drip two fingers in the oil, then into the ashes and place the mark on
your forehead," instructs Ayeka. "By this sign you may come as guests
of Tsunami-megami."

Katsuhito shows just enough hesitation to make it appear he is being
careful about doing the ritual right as his two old fingers go into the
oil, lightly touches the white ashes, impresses them onto his forehead
which leaves two round dotes just above his gray eyebrows. Ryoko,
Scully and Mulder follow the elder's example as Ayeka says, "You have
shown respect to Tsunami-megami and may come to the threshold, of the
Yomotsu no Kuni (land of shadows)."

Ayeka returns to her position behind Sasami. As they move forward
Ayeka's tiara glows briefly and the front door opens without aid. The
priest, the uchu kaizoku and the two Americans follow them. The
pink-eyed child leads them down the path while the low hum and
incense's smoke penetrates their souls, with every breath they take all
worries, all doubts and all negativity evaporates from his or her
consciousness. Sasami brings the procession to a stop five feet from
the lakeshore and turns slowly to her sister. Ayeka places the bowls on
the ground to her right as the rest form a line parallel with the shore
behind her except for Ryoko. She continues to walk forward until she is
next to the ruby-eyed princess. Just as Ayeka realizes she didn't bring
a small tripod for the coffin, Ryoko comes into her view with her hands
in the same position as Sasami's. Ayeka sees no malice in those amber
eyes and gives a nod of gratitude to the ample woman. The ruby-eyed
princess takes the wooden object from Sasami's little hands and passes
it to the radiant Ryoko.

As Sasami turns to face the lake, Ayeka lifts her arms, her palms face
forward and prays in a clear voice, "In reverence and awe we ask
Tsunami-megami, the Tree of the Beginning, and all of her offspring to
accept my sister's fallen companion and to guide her to Yomotsu no Kuni
where she may dwell in peace and happiness. Thus we say reverently
these words and perform the sacred dance to gain your aid."

Ayeka reaches under her silk obi to retrieve the soft bag while
Sasami's little pink feet take seven steps forward, crosses the right
leg behind the left, slowly lifts her arms, positions her right hand
parallel with her eyes with her left fingers under her petite chin,
lifts her blue-haired head up and closes her dreamy pink eyes. The
purple-haired lady unknots the red, green and white string, opens it
and reaches in to pull out a light brown flute. Ryoko notes the flute
is made of the same material as Tenchiken and Ayeka's tiara, with
images of tree leaves interlock from the mouthpiece to the bell and
eight holes in between.

Ayeka brings the flute to her plain lips as she positions her fingers
to match the holes and blows lightly into the mouthpiece. A rich sound
comes out of the bell as the slim lady's fingers slowly play over the
holes as Sasami starts to dance. The little one's feet match the
pattern of the notes as she moves parallel to the shoreline but stays
in front of the participants as each movement of legs, arms, hands and
head forms intricate patterns even through her eyes remain close. As
the song progresses, the purple-haired princess' fingers increases the
music's tempo with her sister's body in balance with each note until
both musician and dancer is lost in the fiery rhythmic beat, unaware of
a brilliant bluish-white glow appears from the watery depth and
encompass the whole lake. Then Ayeka's tiara blazes into the same
bluish-white glow which matches the light from Sasami's key on her
forehead and the gentle radiance of the perfect dotes on each of the 
participants' brows. Even through their bodies remain calmly still
Ryoko, Katsuhito, Scully and Mulder feel their souls are no longer
within their fleshy prisons but are with Sasami, their spirit feet
dance with the nimble girl. Time has no meaning to those at the lake
until Sasami goes to the tip of her right foot and spins with her arms
above her head until she stops.

Sasami opens her pink eyes but those youthful eyes contain not the
child's innocence but the eternal wisdom of Tsunami. Ayeka continues to
play but the music changes to a sad tune of farewell. The body of
Sasami walks up to Ryoko, who calmly gives the little coffin to her.
When the girl takes the wooden object the youngster speaks but it's a
mature voice they hear, "I will guide Sasami-chan's friend on its
journey as I will all my children and their bondmates when the time
comes." She looks into Ryoko amber eyes and warmly expresses, "Do not
blame yourself for the wrongs you have done to my children, you have
paid for it even though you were a tool used by another." Then she
faces Katsuhito, the two Americans and says, "Priest of the Masaki
clan I approval of your family's new friends. The protectorate has been
broken, the world polluted by evil creatures and we must help to
cleanse it." Sasami's body turns to the left, walks to the shoreline
and lifts the oblong box above her head. Unseen hands levitate the wooden
object from the child's grasp and moves it to the lake's center, where
the box disintegrates into a glittering mass of colorful fireflies that
plunges into the lake of light.

Ayeka ends the song with a sad sigh as the lake returns to its normal
state. The others blink to clear their eyes except for Katsuhito, who
springs forward to catch a collapsing Sasami before she falls into the
lake. The others move forward to comfort the child but Ayeka holds up
her hands to stop them and proudly says, "Give her some air. This is
the first time for Sasami. She . . . did . . . the . . . sacred . . .
dance . . . perfectly." The last words falter from the violet-haired
princess' sad lips before she quickly turns away from the others' gaze
and runs to the house.

"What happened to Ayeka-san?" asks Ryoko.

"She was trying to say goodbye to Yosho-oneesama," Sasami's small voice
comes from Katsuhito's protective arms.

The others turn to behold the tire but clear pink eyes of Sasami but
Katsuhito detects even more from the child. The elder's mind flashes
over the child's dance. He remembers how his Shinto senses see Sasami's
aura grow stronger with each note and step, how the bluish-white glow
didn't change when Tsunami enters the girl's body and how, even now,
the texture of Sasami's subsiding aura was the same as Tsunami's.

"I'm oke, jiichan," Sasami tells the priest. "You can put me down."

"You're sure?" asks Katsuhito.

"Hai," reassures the child's as her blue ponytails bounce with her nod.
The elder carefully places the child on her bare feet. Her freckled
face takes on a serious look as she banishes away her body's fatigue,
looks up into their faces and informs them, "We have one more
obligation to do. After Wakare Ni Shindeiru, Jurains hold a party to
celebrate the memories of our fallen companion and those we have lost
before."

"A party! Ne! Ne!" Ryoko eyes light up with Sasami's words.

"I don't see why we can't have a little party," the red-eyed elder
comments supportively as he tries to reign in his own inner turmoil.

"Suge gu (Totally awesome)!" shouts the spiky-haired woman as she leaps
up into the air, does a lope in the air to bring her body just above
the green grass. Her cyan head goes between Sasami's legs as she sweeps
the child onto her strong shoulders with two firm hands on each of the
little one's legs. The cats-eyed lady takes the child high in the blue
sky and does lopes, high-speed banks and tight corkscrews with the
child's long blue ponytails streaming behind them, bursts of joyful
squeals and whoops of laughter leave the two airborne females' lips.

"What happened?" asks an awestruck Mulder.

"We've just been invited to the Jurain form of an Irish wake," answers
the grinning Scully.

"Good," returns Mulder. "I could use a drink. There must've been
something in the smoke because I feel really lightheaded."

"Yet blissful at the same time," adds Scully.

"Like you would accept anything with joy," comments Mulder with a silly
smile.

"Like the visitation of an otherworldly goddess," Scully points out.

"Well, standing here won't help get us to the wake," amusement in
Mulder's words.

The Americans walk to the house while the apparently calm priest brings
up the rear. 'Is Sasami the bondmate of Tsunami or is she more than
that?' Katsuhito thinks silently, his gray brain fills with more
questions but he is not sure he wants the answers.
**********
'So the girl child is more than she seems,' thinks the redheaded child
within the crystal monolith. 'Obviously, she is the bondmate of
Tsunami-megami but the strength of her electromagnetic field tells me
it could be something more than that.' Then an idea crosses the ocean
of her mind, 'This could explain the changes in Tsunami-megami's
personality. By bonding with the child in a special way, Tsunami-megami
might take on human emotions, human attachments and human needs.' Then
a bolt of comprehension strikes her intellect, 'OF COURSE! RYOKO-CHAN'S
ATTACK ON JURAI! I felt Tsunami-megami gather her remaining goddess
power to remove Ryoko-chan's existence from this dimension but suddenly
all that cosmic energy was channeled to some other purpose. When
Ryoko-chan entered the Royal Tree Room, Tsunami-megami simply forced
her will on my musume and sent her away, with a vengeful Yosho after
her. Could this be the answer? Ara . . . I wish I wasn't so BLIND to
everything happening around me! If only I had my lab, my instruments to
dissect, to analyze and to compute all the possibilities so I could
find the correct interpretation. Instead I'm depending on others' sight
and intelligence to give me data and conclusions. ME! The GREATEST
genius of the universe depended upon lesser minds! If only I had saved
Ryoko-chan for she has a flawless mind. But no, I couldn't BELIEVE
Kagato-san wasn't PERFECT, Kagato-san couldn't be DEFECTIVE. Because of
my EGO, I sentenced my poor daughter to 5,000 years in HELL!' More
unshed tears fill the little scientist's soul as the ship she is within
moves closer to its destination.
**********
Epilogue: We've Only Just Begin
Nagai High School
Tenchi sits on the cement corner with his back against a light pole,
his brown eyes close while he remembers Robert's words. He realizes how
lucky he is to have something some don't have, a family. A small smile
appears on his lips as his mind's eye pictures the two new additions,
the eternally cute Sasami and the fiery Ayeka. Then his thoughts touch
upon the one person who brings such confusion to him, Ryoko. Tenchi's
logical brain tells him he is foolish to take her words at face value
since he has only known her for the last few days. According to Ayeka,
Ryoko is an uchu kaizoku. Yet, his earliest memories are his adventures
At her prison, the cave. He barely recalls the ghostly images of a tall
lady at the entrance watching him with his mother. After his mother's
death her father, grandfather Katsuhito, takes care of him until his
father could do it. When he wasn't training at the shrine or going to
school, he would be at the cave. Katsuhito sternly tells him not to go
there yet punishes him not for doing it, even when he would camp at the
entrance during the weekends. Although he could no longer see the tall
lady, his spirit could feel her presence and the sensation of care and
love it gave to him. Now he realizes Ryoko could very well be this
presence, his ghostly playmate. It would explain why the cyan-haired
woman could touch his heart so easily with her passionate words "I just
wish she didn't tease me so much because it makes it so hard to tell
when she's serious," the brown-eyed youth softly mumbles. "I know I've
hurt her already because of my uncertainty but I can't help it. I
wouldn't mind if Ryoko was my garufurendo yet I know she wants to be my
esu efu (sex friend) but Ryoko is so aggressive she doesn't give me a
chance to decide if I'm ready for something like that."

Tenchi's brown eyes open when his ears hear his father's van. He pushes
himself up the side of the pole, takes a few steps and opens the door
to the shotgun seat. "How was school, musuko?" asks a cheerful
Nobuyuki.

"It was fine, otousan, especially at lunchtime," Tenchi answers with
the small smile still on his lips.

"So you also heard Kawatta-san's broadcast?" inquires the older man.

"Hai, especially the message to Ryoko and Ninjin-chan's partner," the
youth adds.

"I think the message was just the first part of an address to our
little group," informs Nobuyuki as he holds up a huge envelope when the
van halts at a stop sign, then hands it to Tenchi.

"What's inside?" asks the black-haired youth as he takes it from his
father's tan hand.

"Why don't you open it and find out?" counters the man at the wheel.

Tenchi opens the envelope, looks in to see several sheets of typed
paper and an audiocassette. He takes the papers out and sees some are
in English while others are in Nihongo. Tenchi reads the Nihongo words
first and finds it's a story about the destruction of the middle
section of the Seto-ohashi Bridge by Ryoko's and Ayeka's battleships. A
quick glance at the English papers shows it to be the same story. Going
back to the Nihongo version Tenchi reads the story carefully but when
he reaches the middle of the second paragraph he can't stop the
laughter from erupting from his lips.

"Read me the English version, musuko," asks Nobuyuki with a grin.

Tenchi groans as his humor dissipates for his father knows his English
isn't very good but does it anyway, only stumbling over the occasional
word, "The central governments of Nihon and the United States of
America would have you believed the destruction of the Seto-ohashi
Bridge was caused by experimental military aircraft being tested for
both countries' armed forces but this story, no matter how sweet it
tastes to us seekers of secrets, is just some fabricated tale to cover
the truth. The real truth is alien females are responsible for the
early morning devastation.

"Why do these heavenly bodies come to our planet? Simply they seek
mates from our male population to revive their depleted genes. How can
Earth males be kidnapped without first resisting such evil intent? By
wrapping these hideous creatures into such seductive shells that no man
with any manhood could resist them. Beauties with cyan hair and amber
eyes or with light blue hair and pink eyes is just the right bait for
the young bulls this world keeps on producing. Even perverts are not
safe from these monsters if his DNA is perfect, they'll make little
rose buds to draw them out.

"But you think your government will prevent these space babes from
sucking out your bodily fluids, think again. Testosterone heavy young
males cause most of the chaos in the world, thus a few thousands less
would save our world some major headaches. So those perfect genes
carried by the sons of this world are put to a good use while our world
leaders get better relations with our galactic neighbors, even if they
might be space pirates or spoiled alien royalty out to relieve their
monotony.

"What about the loss of the bridge. It can be rebuilt but relationships
with these strange beings might not be so easy to maintain if the truth
of their schemes is brought to the light of day. Already pledges of
wealth rush in from numerous sources to undo the momentary obstacle of
this broken toy so the missing school bully or the disappearance of a
serial killer or the vanishment of the hunter of cute victims is
treated with indifference. Sure these spacey chicks might scoop an
innocent shrine keeper's grandson up but our leaders won't lose any
sleep over him. For forty-four years our world leaders were very
willing to allow ruthless dictators to crush supporters of democracy as
long as their lips screamed anti-Communists slogans, how many innocent
dead are at our feet, how many of their ghosts seek justice.

"So guys, the next time you go on a date look closely at that heavenly
beauty hanging on your arm, are those eyes really brown or are their
amber, is the hair really black or is it blue and are those fangs you
see barely hidden by her full red lips. Lips so perfectly alluring,
breasts so firm and round, with long legs and arms so willing to embrace
you and never let you go."

When Tenchi finishes, cold anger replaces the story's humor in his
mind. He looks at his father and snaps, "He makes the girls sound like
KAIBUTSU!"

"Hai, he does, musuko," Nobuyuki coolly replies. "But what is missing
from the story?"

It takes seconds for Tenchi to shout an answer, "He keeps the story
vague!"

"Correct," his smiling father adds. "No names for people to search for,
no details to guide them to our door and the only information he gave
were designed to be recognized by those already involved in our little
drama."

"But why write it this way?" puzzles the youth. "I thought such people
like him were only interested in exposing the existence of
extraterriestials here on Earth."

"Kawatta-san's reasons are hidden from me too," Nobuyuki wonders.
"Maybe we should ask a kitsune to figure out another kitsune."

"Well, how will the wakai josei (young women) react to this story?"
ponders Tenchi.

"Sasami-chan will shyly giggle but Ryoko-san might like the idea of
getting some bitamin esu (vitamin S) from you," amusement in his
father's voice as Tenchi's eyes go wide.
**********
3:46 p.m. Masaki Residence
The happy sound of Louie Armstrong's horn plays in the background as
cheerful voices touch every corner of the living room. Katsuhito
refills the others' red ceramic cups with sake, then refills Sasami's
ornate glass with orange juice. The elder sits in the brown overstuff
chair opposite the sofa with a small Western table between them. A
grinning Ryoko sits on the far right of the sofa with a happy Sasami
next to her, the little one in a child's green-light blue stripped
kimono. Scully is on the other side of the little princess with Mulder
at the other end. The priest notes the depiction on the glass as he
hands it to the little princess and asks, "That is an unusual design on
your glass, Akaruime. Is there something special about it?"

"This was given to me by Funaho-okachan," answers the pink-eyed child
as she shows the transparent glass to the others. "It's my Seijinkaku
gift from her."

"Seijinkaku?" the sake's effect brings pleasure to Ryoko question while
she takes her cup from the elder.

"It's a wonderful ceremony!" her words reflex the excitement in her
freckled face. "When I was five, I got to dress up like my okachans
and we visited their Tree, Nijumi-Ki! I walked up to Nijumi-Ki by
myself, bowed and greeted them!"

"Them?" Scully words barely show the effects of the sake.

"Hai," nods the little one and continues, "Nijumi-Ki is a twin Tree,
one of them is Mizu-ho and the other is Kar-in. Both Trees are from the
same roots and they bonded with both of my okachans."

"What else happened during the ceremony?" Scully asks as the
implications of what Sasami just told them sinks in.

"I was bathed in rainbow light from Nijumi-Ki's leaves," Katsuhito
senses a mischievous tone in Sasami's words. "I could hear her kind
voice within me, calling me a worthy oujosama."

"Is there a reason for the ceremony?" the sake makes light Mulder's
words, Katsuhito is acting as translator for Mulder during the
conversations between him and the others.

"This is the way bondmates are found for the Trees. When the rainbow
lights touch the kochan, her ki is revealed to Tsunami-megami. In
ancient times if a kochan was found unworthy, she was cast out from her
kazoku in shame but Tsunami-megami stopped that a long time ago. If a
kochan wants to serve Jurai when she grows up, she can become a Kishi
no Jurai (Knight of Jurai)."

"How old is Juraijin's culture?" Scully carefully asks.

"My tutors say 30,000 years old," replies the smiling child. "This
includes the Jida no Densetsu (Time of Legends)."

"Jida no Densetsu?" Katsuhito notes an echo in Ryoko's voice.

"Hai, it is a time of heroes, monsters and Tsunami-megami walked
amongst her Trees and Jurains," her voice takes on a more serious tone.

Ryoko looks closely at the glass and says, "It shows a woman standing
over a sleeping man, with a katana in her hands, trying to defend him
against a huge bakemono."

"The cup depicts the meeting between Masaki Washi and Horosha, Saishono
Kishi Jurai."

"Funaho-sama knew the story was important to you," a gentle tone to
Scully's voice. "Why don't you tell us about it, Sasami-chan?"

"Oke," a grin on her pink face. The little princess straightens up then
starts to speak in a storyteller's voice, "A long time ago
Tsunami-megami summoned a man from beyond Jurai, his name was Horosha.
Tsunami-megami asked him to help her teach the people of Jurai how to
use the world she created for them and the Trees. Horosha-sama agreed
to help but only if he was allowed to stay on Jurai afterwards, to have
a kazoku and live out his life in peace. Tsunami-megami said yes.

"The first thing Horosha-sama did for Tsunami-megami was to find people
to be bondmates for her Trees for she wanted an unbreakable tie between
the Juraijin and her Trees. Horosha-sama went about the land as a
wandering ongakukashu (musician-singer), helping the people to learn
about the proper way to use the gifts Tsunami-megami gave them. He
showed how to heal the sick with the world's herbs, how to find water
where none could be seen and how to find the hidden talents even the
cripple have. At each town, village or hovel he sought out youths whose
ki could make them bondmates for the Trees. Horosha would tell them of
how much Tsunami-megami needed their help to create friendship between
the two races of Jurai. With each journey, he would bring back young men
and women, who gave up their old lives to bond with the Space Trees and
start new lives. To show their gratitude for giving them this chance,
the youths titled Horosha, Saishono Kishi Jurai.

"At a village by a glassy lake a peasant girl named Washi watched
Horosha breath life back into a drowned boy. That night she listened to
his song of celebration but within the words she could hear great
loneliness in his kokoro (heart)." Sasami words continue as her mind
sees what Tsunami remembers, "Days later Washi saw the dark-skinned
Horosha come out of the village leader's home, his wood-framed backpack
on his shoulders and a quiet smile on his plain lips."

"Must you go, Kishi-tono?" asks the village elder as he follows the
blond-haired man out the doorway.

"I serve Tsunami-megami and please call me Horosha-san," his words
match the uneven smile on his lips. "I'm just an ongakukashu who
communicates the kind words and knowledge of Tsunami-megami to the
Juraijin."

"Will we see you again, Horosha-sama?" asks the elder's son as he looks
into the older man's gray eyes.

"Maybe, if Tsunami-megami wills it or chance brings my feet here," the
tall man answers while he gives the other two a short bow which the
others return before he turns around to his right and walks up the
gravel path. As Horosha passes by Washi, he gives the blue-haired girl
a polite smile but again she sees the sad forlorn look in his face.

While Washi watches Horosha, as his steady pace carries him into the
mountain forest above the village, she hears not her brother come up
behind her and say, "He does not offer you a better life, Washi-chan."

His words burn into Washi's soul and she turns to say to him, "This one
is better, Taka-niichan? To plant rice until my back breaks like our
otousama's did, to die in childbirth like our okasama did and to marry
someone I don't love like you did."

"And what does he offer you, imoto?" Taka's words fill with worry.

"A life where I can stand straight, where I can see the world beyond
this village and where I can take the hand of the man I want," the
young woman passionately replies.

Taka sees the burning fire in his sister's eyes and carefully remarks,
"I saw the way you hover around Horosha-sama during his stay in our
home. How you personally served him his meal at our chabudai, poured
his sake for him and was always the first to laugh at his jokes but are
you sure he wants you?"

"I don't know," Washi says in a small voice. "I never asked him."

"But you are determined to find out?" his tender smile on chapped lips.

"Hai," Washi tries to put all her resolve into that one word.

Taka places his right hand on her right shoulder and he says, "You will
find a cache of food and water by the white stump we played on as
children."

"Arigato, Taka-niichan," the young woman says.

"Just promise to come back if you don't gain the place you want," an
urgent tone in his words matches the one in his heart.

"I erect a vow to you, Taka-niichan," Washi promises, she gives her
brother a short bow before she turns around to head for the stump.

Washi disappears behind a hut before her father joins his son to watch
her leave. Taka asks, "Otousan, did we do the right thing?"

"Musuko, you saw the way Horosha-sama acted since living in our village
these past weeks," admonishes the elder. "Whenever Washi-chan stood
next to him, he was as still as the lake, whenever she talked to him, his
replies were like those of a drunk and whenever he asked about her, his
words would come out like an avalanche. Washi-chan held his kokoro in
her little hands but didn't know it. They are two parts waiting to be
joined."

Washi follows Horosha from a distance to make sure he didn't see her.
In the past two days, she hides in overhanging tree limbs and thick
bushes to keep her presence a secret. When he is by himself, she found
him a man of simple habits. He catches fishes, fowls and animals enough
to sustain him and adds the fruits of tree and bush to keep him
healthy. He walks with purpose but always stops to enjoy a beautiful
landscape or laugh at nature's clowns. The more Washi watches Horosha,
the more she wants him yet her brother's words keep her at bay, "what
if he doesn't want you." In a deep forest Horosha takes an afternoon
nap in a clearing next to the trail, he places his sword within easy
reach of his right hand. Washi guards him from her hiding place in a
tree above his head. Her eyelids almost close over her red eyes when a
hissing noise alerts her. Washi looks up to see a huge dragon appear in
the sky above the sleeper.

The hot sun reflects off the creature's bronze scales as it twists
above the slumbering man. She sees the lust of death in the monster's
yellow eyes and acts without fear. Washi jumps from the tree to land
beside the man and picks up the blade. In an overhead swing she cleaves
the beast's heart in two but in its death throes the dragon's clawed
hand strikes its killer.

The beast's death roar awakens Horosha, who runs to his savor but what
he finds fills him with fear. Washi's left face and shoulder has gashes
running down them left to right with the ground red with her blood.
Horosha distressfully shouts as he gathers her in his arms, "Washi!"

Her dazed ruby eyes open to his words and answers, "Don't worry itoshii
(beloved), you won't be alone ever again."

"Was my attraction to you that obvious?" surprise in his words.

"Mo," her words choke on the blood in her lungs. "It was . . . your cry
. . . of despair . . . I just heard . . . which told me . . . your
feelings."

"Then let me heal you with my kokoro," Horosha tells her as he places
his right hand on her blooded face. Horosha closes his gray eyes and
prays, "Tsunami-megami, give me the knowledge so I may heal my
koibito's wounds that she received in saving your unworthy partner's
life." As those last words leave his trembled lips, warmth radiates
from his fingertips, spreads across her face, into her shoulder and
deep within her. A presence suppresses the agony of her wounds and says
to her, "I give to you, Masaki Washi, my blessing for helping my ally."

"For the next several days, Horosha-sama tended Washi so the healing of
her ki equals her body," Sasami words matches the care in her pink
eyes. "Until her strength returned he would use his backpack to carry
her, when she needed to eat he would feed her like a baby and when she
needed to drink he would tenderly lift her head to his waterbag. No
burden was she to bear for her happiness blended with his harmony,
which can be found in their children. The end."

"A beautiful story, Sasami-chan," Tenchi's compliment startles the
pink-eyed girl as she realizes both Nobuyuki and the youth are there,
the smiling boy sits next to Mulder while his father slides in next to
Ryoko, the cyan-haired woman gives the older man an amused look.

"So they lived happily ever after," states the young man. The little
one only sighs. The redhead senses a shade of sadness in the child's
face but its Katsuhito's mind that is in greater agitation. While he
translates Sasami's words for Mulder's benefit, he barely keeps the
surprise from his own voice for the story, she tells them, is not the
same most Jurains know. In that tale, Washi kills the dragon without
suffering any injuries and claims Horosha as her husband in return for
saving his life. The blue-haired child's narrative agrees with those
knowledgeable in the Secrets of Jurai. Like Katsuhito, they know about
a secret door in the Hall of Trees. The door takes you to a room with
various items in glass cases and a plain wood table near the far wall
where incense sticks burn in a wide holder. A huge picture of a
dark-skinned man and a blue-haired woman, a woman with a scar running
from her left ear to her little chin, covers the far wall. 'Sasami is
too young to be an initiate in the Secrets of Jurai,' Yosho tries to
organize his brain. 'So how does she know the truth about Horosha and
Washi?'

"Jiichan, is something wrong?" concern in Tenchi's words.

"Ara . . . just engraving something on my heart," Katsuhito replies as
he becomes aware of everyone staring at him. "What were you saying,
Tenchi?"

"We were asking Ninjin-chan and Mulder-san their opinion about the
article left in otousan's van," informs Tenchi in halting English.

"You're a trained profiler, Mulder," remarks Scully. "What do you make
of these writings?"

"The Three Kings are the only ones I know really well amongst the Lone
Gunmen," Mulder thoughtfully answers. "They survive by keeping
knowledge about each other crouched in code names and e-mail, very
little face-to-face contact. Nobuyuki how long has MacClean been a DJ
in Japan?"

"He's been a DJ in Nihon for the past twenty years, mostly at WHOSHI,"
Nobuyuki answers slowly as he tries not to stubble over the English
words.

"What did Kitsune-san say?" confusion in Sasami's words as she holds
the Nihongo version of the article.

"I'll translate for you, Akaruime," offers Katsuhito.

"Arigato," Sasami accepts the offer.

"Do you know anything personal about him?" probes Mulder.

"Just what the radio station gave out," adds the brown-suited man.
"Most listeners have nicknamed him Kawatta-san, Mr. Weird, because of
his noontime program, the stunts he's pulled around town and for living
in a boardinghouse for manga artists."

"Manga?" wonders Mulder.

"Nihon comic books," informs Scully.

"Oh. Anyway, So he's a man who doesn't hide in the crowd," comments
Mulder.

"The tall nail that gets hammered down," calmly adds Katsuhito.

"Which could be a smokescreen to cover his true self, the Single
Bullet," Mulder politely retorts. "This paper suggests he's covering
all his bases. It not designed to convince nonbelievers but to inform
believers yet keep the men in the black suits from knocking on his door
late at night."

"The kidnapping angle," Ryoko's amber eyes have a knowing look to match
her words.

"Common alien conspiracy jargon," Mulder tells them.

"I don't know about that, Mulder," counters Ryoko as she fades from
Sasami's side to appear sideways on Tenchi's lap, her soft hands caress
his face and hair while her words shift from English to Nihongo, "I
would kidnap Tenchi for his rabujusu (love juice)."

"So that's what the word means in the article!" says Sasami while the
rest nervously laugh.

"Ryoko-dono, remember we have a kochan with us," admonishes the elder
while he tries to hide his own smile with his left hand.

"Hai, guji," her shameful tone made false by the lustful gleam her cat
eyes gives the youth.

Although he didn't understand the words, Mulder observes the youth's
tenseness with the heavenly body press against him but also notes
Tenchi has made no effort to push Ryoko away. The green-eyed man
decides to distract the uchu kaizoku when he asks, "Hakubi, you got
real close to MacClean. What was he like?"

"He has a smart mouth but his body is hot," answers Ryoko as she leans
toward Mulder, her breasts rub across the boy's chest as her words
shift again from English to Nihongo. "The way he acted I thought he was
a puny thing but he has steel cables for muscles and a nice pair of
hojus (precious gems) but I'll take Tenchi's kawaii ketsu (ass) any
day."

"Ryoko-san!" a stern tone comes from Scully's lips as she covers Sasami
ears.

"Oi . . . what did Ryoko-neechan mean?" asks a confused Sasami.

"I'll tell you when you're older," confides the redhead to the
pink-eyed wonder.

"Kuso (shit), I'm missing all the juicy parts," pouts the blue-haired
girl as everyone's jaws go slack and Ryoko lets out a short laugh. Only
Mulder wonders about the child's comment.

Tenchi is the first to recover and says to the lady on his lap, "I
think you're having a bad influence on Sasami-chan."

"Is she the only one, my anata?" asks Ryoko in a false whisper as her
nose nuzzles his right earlobe.

Sweat beads on Tenchi's forehead while words tumble from his pale lips,
"Please . . . Ryoko." Mulder pale green eyes look into Tenchi's shining
face but couldn't tell if the black-haired youth pleads for the
passionate lady to stop or to fulfill.

"If you ever want me, Tenchi, just give me a whistle, like this," her
words come from a sake flush face as she brings it close to his, a
sliver of air between their mouths as Ryoko blows lightly over Tenchi's
lips. Scully could see within Ryoko's amber eyes a desperate hunger to
make complete her love for Tenchi. "Just whistle," Ryoko says again
those two words as she spins up off his lap to hover just above his
head, the skirt of her dress billows out to show only the youth all
that could be his. Nobuyuki could also see the same desire in Ryoko's
face as did Scully but he senses a resolve there too, a resolve not to
seduce his son but to offer her love to him.

With Ryoko off his lap Tenchi feels a new pressure coming from his
crotch. Scully eyes go wide and she speedily shifts her hands from
Sasami's little ears to the child's big pink eyes as the young man's
body answers the spirit caller's summon.

"Kya, what did I miss this time," annoyance in Sasami's words.

"At least he's not dead from the waist down," comments Mulder with a
devilish grin. Was that a trickle of blood from Tenchi's nose the
brown-haired American sees?

"I'm . . . off to the benjo," Tenchi words come over his shoulder as he
jumps up from the sofa and makes a fast exit to the hallway's benjo,
his ears could hear Ryoko say, "Oi . . . I wanted to put your dekachin
(large sex organ) to bed."

"Ryoko-neechan!" the words match the pink blaze that comes from
Sasami's eyes as the redhead uncovers them. "You don't need to slangy
talk! I'm not a nyuji (baby) ne!"

"Of course you're not an akachan, Sasami-chan," Sasami's eyes narrow
when Ryoko uses the affectionate word for baby.

"Maybe I shouldn't cook dinner tonight," Sasami's puts teeth into her
words.

Ryoko drops from the air as if the blue-haired girl's words shot her
down. Her body passes through the table to land at the little one's
feet where her hands take hold of the girl's dainty ankles. "Please
forgive such as me for I'm an akurei in heaven," whimper words come
from underneath a mass of cyan hair covering the child's feet.

Fearful her words are too sharp, Sasami leans forward, embraces the
cyan-haired head in her petite arms and she cries, "Ryoko-neechan! I
didn't mean it!"

"Honto ni wa (Truly)?" a muffle question raises from the downturned
head.

"Hai!" Sasami puts all her heart into the word.

"Gu," asserts Ryoko as her head comes up to peer into those pink pools,
a grin on the lady's face.

"Jodan ja nai wa yo (It's not funny)!" pouts Sasami with her arms
across her chest but laughter in her eyes.

"Ara . . . " utters Ryoko as her smile grows to Cheshire Cat's size.

A burst of giggles erupts from the little one's lips as her small hands
embrace Ryoko's neck as she softly whispers, "Neechan."

"Imoto," returns Ryoko to the little princess while happy grins appear
on the others' faces.

When Sasami pulls back, she says, "I better get dinner ready, everyone
must be hungry."

"Are you sure, Sasami-chan? You've had a long day," concern in
Nobuyuki's words as Ryoko floats cross-legged up into the air just
above the table.

"Just watch me burn rubber," replies Sasami as she springs from the
sofa and skips to the kitchen door, her blue ponytails dance behind
her.

"I think I've created a oni," comments Nobuyuki as he changes from
Nihongo to English in mid-sentence while the others stare at the
swinging kitchen door. "I let her have my Walkman and now she speaks
Nihongo-Amerika slang."

"Speaking of things American," states Mulder. "I wonder what's on the
tape?"

"There's only one way to find out," Nobuyuki answers as he gets up,
takes the tape to the stereo, turns on the power, pops the tape in and
hits the play button. The words are Nihongo but the music instantly
tells Mulder what those words mean:
What do you think if I sang out of tune?
Would you stand up and walk out on me?
Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song,
And I try not to sing out of key.

Oh I get by with a little help from my friends.
Oh I get high with a little help from my friends.
Oh I gonna to try a little help from my friends.

What do you feel when your love is away?
Are you sad because you're all alone?
What do you feel at the end of the day?
Are you sad to be on your own?

No, I get by with a little help from my friends.
Oh I get high with a little help from my friends.
Oh I gonna to try a little help from my friends.

Do you need anybody?
I need somebody to love.
Could it be anybody?
I need somebody to love.

Do you believe in love at first sight?
Yes, I'm certain it happens all the time.
What do you see when you turn out the lights?
I don't know but I know its mine.

Oh I get by with a little help from my friends.
Oh I get high with a little help from my friends.
Oh I gonna to try a little help from my friends.

Do you need anybody?
I need somebody to love.
Could it be anybody?
I need somebody to love.

Oh I get by with a little help from my friends.
Oh I get high with a little help from my friends
Oh I gonna to try a little help from my friends.
A little help, a little help from my f..r..i..e..n..d..s.

While the music plays, Ryoko starts to weave with the tune, her soul
lost in song. Tenchi walks in to see her dancing on air and a pleasant
smile lights up his tanned face. Scully emerald eyes catch the youth at
the hallway doorway and the look she sees on his face tells her how
much the youth likes this side of Ryoko, a free spirit full of
innocence. Then the redhead notes a cloud falls upon those happy
features but the young man shakes his head to dispel those negative
feelings and the smile returns.

When the song ends, Ryoko lands on in the middle of the room and asks,
"Is there more of that wonderful music. It makes me feel like I'm free
amongst the stars."

"I noticed the tape is 120 minutes long, Ryoko-san," informs Nobuyuki
as he sits next to Scully.

"Although I would recommend you changing your dress, Ryoko-dono,"
lightly adds Katsuhito as Tenchi comes to stand on the right side of
the sofa.

"Kya . . . " utters Ryoko in shock, impulsively her right hand goes to
her lips. Ryoko snaps her fingers on her left hand which causes her
clothes to transform into her low-cut red-black-white seducer dress
with red spandex pants. "Was my equipment alright?" Ryoko asks in
English, her brazen words try to hide the scarlet on her cheeks.

"Your beaver is fine," Mulder's answer causes Ryoko's blush to deepen,
chuckles from Nobuyuki and frowns of annoyance from the others except
Tenchi. Because he didn't understand the meaning of the English slang,
his mind locks on the fact of this being the first time he has ever
seen Ryoko embarrass about anything. Again Tenchi thinks, 'Which is the
real Ryoko, the one full of bravo and grit or the one full of innocence
and vulnerability. Could it be both?'

"This is Kawatta-san here to give you a little party music to welcome
all to this little blue marble," a voice comes from the stereo and
attracts the attention of all in the room. "That Beatles' classic was
sung by that ageless aidoru (idol singer), Yokoyama Chisa. The next one
is dedicated to the girl with Bette Davis' Eyes. This is Orikasa Ai's
rendition of the Rolling Stone's 'Ruby Tuesday'."

Suddenly a hand on his ass shoves Tenchi forward and the young man
stumbles to within a few feet from Ryoko. This draws Ryoko's attention
away from the music box and she asks him, "Nani wa?"

Tenchi shoots a puzzled look at his grinning father, then returns his
attention to the cyan-haired lady. He sees the mix of curiosity and
anticipation in Ryoko's cat eyes. The youth quickly realizes giving the
uchu kaizoku the wrong answer would again hurt her feelings. Then his
mind finds the answer in the music his ears hear. He looks into the
beautiful pink face and asks, "Ryoko . . . would . . . you . . . eh
. . . dance with me?"

"Hai," surprise makes Ryoko's word soft as the amber-eyed lady
dreamily walks to the youth. Tenchi tenderly takes hold of Ryoko left
hand with his right and shows Ryoko where to place her right hand on
his waist while his own left hand comes to rest on her firm body. Ryoko
submissively allows Tenchi to lead as both slowly move to the song's
rhythm. As the couple dances the outside world seems no longer to exist
for them as their amber and brown eyes look into each other's windows
to the soul.

Katsuhito watches the slow dance with approval in his heart. 'Ryoko
will be at Tenchi's side no matter where the youth must go to complete
his destiny,' the priest thinks but then his cheer changes to worry,
'But what about Ayeka. What is her destiny? Will she also be next to
Tenchi or is her path different from his?'

Mulder turns his attention from the two dancers to those sitting next
to him. He remembers Nobuyuki didn't try to sneak a peak under Ryoko's
skirt during her dance on the sun's sitting rays and now his pale green
eyes could see a bare molecule of air separates Nobuyuki's left hand
and Scully's right hand. 'Well, it looks like Scully will find her
happiness here,' Mulder thinks. 'But maybe they need a little help.' As
the agent's gaze moves away from this couple, it meets Katsuhito's red
eyes. The elder gives a knowing nod to the agent which Mulder returns.
Mulder leans so his mouth is next to Scully's left ear and he whispers,
"Don't you want to ask your childhood friend to dance."

Scully green gaze lock on her partner's face and Mulder sees fear and
gratitude in them. The redhead turns to face Nobuyuki and asks,
"Inkushimi, do you remember the last time we'd danced."

A warm smile touches his lips at the mention of his nickname and
replies, "Hai, it was your tenth birthday. You had to stand on my feet
so I wouldn't step on them."

"Would you like to try it again?" hope mixes with the other emotions in
her heart.

Nobuyuki's eyes light up and he replies, "I'd be honor to." The older
version of his son stands up and offers his left tan hand to her. In
almost the same dreamy state as Ryoko, Scully takes it with her right
pink hand. Both walk to a clear spot on the floor and make sure to give
the other dancers enough space. As the two older couple starts to dance
the music switches seamlessly to the same singer giving her version of
'Nights in White Satin.'

Ryoko notices Tenchi's brown eyes catch a movement and looks in same
direction. She sees the other two dancers and the unsuppressed joy in
their faces. The slim lady turns her eyes back to Tenchi and sees
gladness in his face. "You're happy he found someone to replace your
okasama?" she asks.

"Not replace, Ryoko, but to join her," informs Tenchi with deep
understanding in those brown eyes. "No one can replace my okasan in his
kokoro but I want his memories of her to be ones of fondness not pain.
I hope his new love will dim his memory of her death."

As each song comes to an end a new one begins without pause. Soon
Mulder starts to see a pattern, the music's rhythm is for slow dance
while the Nihongo words, which the American understands because of the
tune, are about friendship, love, hope and truth. The brown-haired
agent turns his attention to Katsuhito and says in a low voice, "I
think someone is sending us a message."

"Indeed," the elder agrees in English, also keeping his voice down so
not to disturb the magic the music has on the other occupants of the
room. "But there's something puzzling me. What does MacClean look
like?"

"A young man with blond hair, steel gray eyes and in his late
twenties," as the words leave his lips Murder's eyes go wide. "But
according to Nobuyuki, he's been working in Japan for the last twenty
years."

"Furthermore, his words in the article reflexes an old soul," adds the
priest. "One full of righteous anger and determination, who will use
any method his own code of honor will allow him."

"I think I'll call the Three Kings tomorrow to find out more about
him," curiosity in Mulder's words but this feeling makes him wonder
about other things. "So how long has the Jurai Holding Company
existed?"

"I formed the company during the occupation of Nihon by the victors,"
Katsuhito calmly replies. "I used the shrine's treasury and the
family's heirlooms to create a company to help rebuild my country. The
original investment was in buying American liberty ships to transport
goods to this country. Mostly by luck the company is now a minority
stockholder in several high-tech businesses here and in your home
country."

"So why I'm-a-simple-priest demeanor?" a playful tone in Mulder's
voice.

"I've not participated in the day-to-day operation of the company since
my daughter's death," Mulder senses the pain in Katsuhito's voice.
"What I did two days ago was my first order to the company in twelve
years."

Revelation hits Mulder between the eyes and he asks, "You feel
responsible for your daughter's death. Why?"

Frown graces Katsuhito's lips as he realizes his mistake, then shakes
his head and answers, "I might as well show the legs of my horse. You
saw Tenchi use an ornate weapon in your battle with the OIK, Correct?"

"Yes, it produced a bluish-white rod of light that sliced through metal
like butter," informs Mulder as he leans forward to catch every word
from the priest.

"The weapon is one of several abilities he will inherit from our
ancestor, Lord Yosho," Katsuhito continues. "From everything I've been
able to figure out these powers are genetic in origin. When the right
time comes, his full capabilities will manifest themselves."

"But something happened when your daughter's powers crystallized,"
guesses Mulder.

"I rushed her. I believed her fate would come before she was ready,"
grief creeps in the red-eyed man's voice. "I was right but in
activating her powers early, it caused her to die while she was still
young."

"Did it have to happen like that?" wonders Mulder.

"Over the past eighteen years I've looked at the events surrounding
those days and I realized the mistake I made because I didn't trust
Tsunami or the true nature of others," harsh words come from the
priest's lips. "I wanted to control everyone and everything. In the
end, I lost my most precious treasure."

"You still try to influence things around you," states the American.

"I've helped raise Tenchi, trained him to be a good grandson," counters
Katsuhito. "I've only interfered when necessary, mostly as the family's
conscious."

While the two couples move in their own worlds and the two men converse
with each other, Sasami's small hands create the masterpieces for
tonight's dinner as her feet keeps time with the music's beat. Like
Mulder, she catches the hints MacClean drops in the song selections and
the lyrics cause her love, for the freedom this culture gives her, to
grow. As always, she could sense Tsunami's gentle presence just on the
edge of her own being, trying not to intrude on the little one's
happiness. As she finishes the last touches on tonight's dessert, the
girl closes her pink eyes and says soundlessly, 'Tsunami-megami, what
do you think about Kawatta-san. Another friend?'

The key on Sasami's forehead glows as Tsunami moves into contact with
the child's spirit and says cautiously, 'It's possible but he could be
very tricky. We don't know that much about him except for the article
and the music.'

'Did Kitsune-san say anything important about him while I was cooking?'
Sasami thinks to the goddess.

'They both wonder why he seems older than he looks,' replies Tsunami.

'Like me?' surprise in Sasami's mind.

'Hai, in a certain way but I can't be sure,' answers the goddess. 'My
powers are restricted to Jurai, my Trees, the Jurains and those of
Jurain descent,' Sasami feels fear enter the goddess's being. 'If I
were to use my abilities outside my zone of influence, we could lose
all that we hold dear to us.'

'I understand, Tsunami-megami,' Sasami replies. Over the past seven
hundred years her relationship with the goddess keeps changing. At
first her awe of Tsunami restrains the little princess from going
beyond master-assistant relationship but then she senses loneliness in
the Tsunami's being. The goddess has the Trees to talk to and the
people of Jurai to listen to yet has no one she could call a friend.
Sasami knows Tsunami once had a friend and a family but later that
friend turns into an enemy and the family breaks apart over an
argument.

It's then Sasami starts to talk to Tsunami. At first, the goddess
doesn't respond but Sasami keeps it up. Then one clear morning within
the imperial Tree, Sasami accidentally cuts her hand badly with a
pruning knife, secretively practicing her cooking skills. Before she
knows it, Tsunami is kneeling beside the tearful child and says,
"There, there, Sasami-chan. I'll make it all better." The wound
sparkles with a bluish-white light then vanish. The child reaches out
to embrace the goddess but her little arms passes through the image.
The goddess smiles at the child's attempt and she gently tells the
four-year-old child, "I will appear to you in your dreams where we can
embrace and have fun. If you need my help or want a friend to talk to,
just to call my name, I'm always there at your side."

During the cold sleeps of space travel, while Sasami is with Ayeka in
her search for Yosho, Sasami converses and play games with Tsunami and
notes changes in the goddess. The image Tsunami uses become like an
adult form of the child's body and the goddess' personality, even her
giggles, reflect the little one's spirit. Sasami knows this must mean
something but she can't figure it out. 'Am I not just a copy of the
real Sasami, a creation of Tsunami-megami?' the little one thinks. 'But
if this is true then why can I effect her?'

'Sasami-chan, are you going to give Kitsune-san the gift you mentioned
to me,' amusement in Tsunami's words.

'Yip,' the Amerika-Nihongo word matches the mischievous smile on the
child's little lips. Sasami walks to the living room entrance, opens
the door during a break between songs and says, "Everyone, Gohan desu
(Meal is ready)."

"What did she say?" asks Mulder.

"She said dinner is ready," replies Katsuhito as he stands.

"More sushi," Mulder groans.

Katsuhito hits the stop button on the stereo. The magical hold the
music has on the two couples ends but it aftereffects continue. Tenchi
and Ryoko continue to hold hands as they stare at each other, the youth
sees the naked desire in those amber pools while the lady sees
uncertainty in his brown eyes. It is Tenchi who blushes as he breaks
eye contact with Ryoko and says, "Let's eat."

In another part of the room, Scully and Nobuyuki also stare at each
other as each tries to put into words the emotions they are feeling.
Scully is the first one to talk, "You dance very well, Inkushimi."

"As does you, Ninjin-chan," replies Nobuyuki. Both struggles to go
beyond these simple words but neither one can call up the courage to
say those hard but simple three words. Instead Nobuyuki utters, "Let's
eat."

Tenchi and Nobuyuki help Sasami bring in the meal to the chabudai where
Katsuhito takes up his normal position at the head of the table. To his
right kneels Nobuyuki and Scully while to his left kneels Tenchi and
Ryoko, each person almost touching their partner. At the end of the
table, Mulder sits cross-legged while Sasami looks shyly at him, places
a hand to her lips and giggles.

"I'm sorry but the last time I tried that kind of sitting, my legs
turned into jelly," Mulder apologizes.

"It's alright," informs Katsuhito in English. "Most of our own youth
can't either, the introduction of Western furniture has spoiled them."
Ryoko quickly translates Mulder's and Katsuhito's words for Sasami's
benefit when she notices the annoyance on the little one's freckled
face.

Sasami's annoyance gives way to happiness as she says, "For our new
friends, I've prepared something special." The blue-haired child points
at each entree and informs them, "We will start with sake-seasoned
clear soup, then seitan bourgignonne, follow by cranberry sauce kanten,
pumpkin flowers and parboiled green salad. Lastly the dessert will be
amazake creme puff."

Mulder couldn't understand any of the girl's words but her gestures and
the others' reactions tell him the pink-eyed wonder is presenting them
an excellent meal. As he eats, the pleasurable flavor of each food
tickles his tongue, especially the beefy taste of the seitan
bourgignonne. It was only when Sasami sees the touch of sadness on
Ryoko's face, while the cyan-haired lady eats, does a cloud descend on
her spirit and she asks, "What's wrong, Ryoko-neechan. Don't you like
it?"

Ryoko turns her face to the confused child and says kindly, "Ara . . .
It's fine, Sasami-chan."

"Mo, uso tsuku, Ryoko-neechan (No, you're fibbing, Big Sister Ryoko)!"
accuses the stern child.

"Why do you say that, Sasami-chan?" asks Scully.

"I've watched Ryoko-neechan at our meals," replies the hurt child. "Her
expression doesn't change while she samples different foods and only
complements my cooking after the others have."

"Gomen nasai, Sasami-chan. I didn't mean to hurt your feelings," the
cyan-haired woman apologizes.

"Then why did you lie, Ryoko?" Tenchi sympathizes.

"I . . . I just want to be accepted as a . . . human being," a touch of
anguish in Ryoko's words. "Not feared as an uchu kaizoku."

"But Ryoko-neechan why fib about my cooking," probes the girl.

"It's not that I like or dislike I just can't tell the difference,"
Ryoko confesses.

"Why?" wonders Sasami.

"You have to remember that I'm not a normal humanoid," her voice takes
on a painful tone. "For seven hundred years, I was imprisoned for being
an uchu kaizoku. During that time my senses deteriorated until my mind
became foamless but then the day came when Funaho-Ki allowed my astral
body to venture out into the world surrounding my cave. For seventeen
years all my senses learned how to function again except one. I could
see colors, smell the yellow flowers, hear speckled birds sing, feel
the gentle breeze but I couldn't taste any of them." The cyan-haired
lady sees Sasami's lower lip tremble with emotion, so she softens her
voice, "It wasn't your fault, imoto." This only makes the little
princess eyes glisten with tears. Ryoko looks at the others and sees
the same concern in their faces as her own except Mulder whose own face
fills with curiosity as Scully translates the words for him. Each
knows, from their own experiences, how much other people's pain could
upset the child. Quickly Ryoko continues, "I brought this upon myself
and I paid for my crimes but cheer up, Sasami-chan. I'm free with a
chance to make a new life for myself."

Sasami tries to pull back the tears when a white handkerchief appears
before her watery eyes. She looks into Mulder's pale green eyes, sees a
mirror of her own pain in his eyes and notes it is his callus hand that
offers her the square cloth. She takes it from him and says while
drying her eyes, "Domo arigato."

"She thanks you, Mulder, as do I," Ryoko replies to Mulder's
questioning look.

After a few minutes of quiet eating, Scully asks, "Sasami-chan, I was
wondering about the ritual you and Ayeka preformed this afternoon. Is
it normal for the young to take part in it?"

Sasami's freckled face blooms in eagerness as she answers, "Hai, the
children of each clan are trained from an early age to perform the
sacred songs and dances used to please Tsunami-megami at the time of
birth, death and rebirth. Ayeka-oneesama has done the ritual before but
this was my first time."

"If I'm any judge of skill, you were wonderful," compliments Ryoko.

"As did you, Ryoko-neechan," Sasami returns the praise. "But I didn't
know you knew our ways so well?"

"Oi . . . I don't, Sasami-chan," stutters Ryoko.

"Then how did you know about Ayeka-oneesama's mistake?" asks the little
one.

"I just knew," confusion in Ryoko's voice. "This happened before with
Ayeka-san," a share look of knowing exists between Ryoko, Katsuhito and
Sasami. "It was like my mind had access to the necessary knowledge for
me to reach my goal."

"Did we miss something?" asks a slightly perplexed Tenchi as Scully
translates for Mulder the words of Ryoko, Sasami and Tenchi.

"Or just a visit from a goddess," lightly answers Mulder. Tenchi eyes
go wide while Nobuyuki chokes on his tea.

Sasami shoots a hot glare at the grinning Mulder and thinks, 'just wait
until I give you my gift.'

"I brought the body of Sasami-chan's petto to her this morning,"
annoyance in Scully's voice at Mulder's statement. "She and Ayeka-sama
performed a ritual of goodbye for it, isn't that correct Sasami-chan?"

"Hai, Ninjin-chan," responds the blue-haired girl.

"So Ayeka-san is better?" hope in Tenchi's tone.

"Mo, Ayeka-sama lost it after the ceremony," Scully sadly shakes her
head. "Her sorrow has torn asunder her intestines."

Scully's words hit Tenchi's spirit and make him wonder what could be
done to lighten Ayeka's heart. Then an idea forms in his mind. After
dinner Nobuyuki turns the music back on and hears MacClean say, "Hello
again to our guests from out-of-town. Here's a number made famous by
Judy Collins. This is Kobayashi Yuko's rendition of 'Suzanne'."

Tenchi carries the dirty dishes into the kitchen for Sasami where he
sees the tray of food for Ayeka. "Sasami-chan, can I take the food up
to Ayeka-san?"

"Oke," mischief in Sasami's face.

Tenchi uses the backstairs from Nobuyuki's library so no one would
notice his journey. When the brown-eyed youth reaches the third floor,
he first enters his own room and retrieves Tenchiken. At the princess'
door he knocks lightly.

"Hai?" cautiously asks Ayeka.

"It's me, Tenchi," answers the young man. "Sasami-chan let me bring
your food for her."

"Just give me a moment," hurries Ayeka. Tenchi hears the bang of
drawers and the rustle of cloth before the big princess properly slides
the door open. Tenchi sees the princess in a purple kimono with a
violet obi around her waist but it's the hasty attempt to hide her
blush with face powder which brings curiosity into his mind. "You can
put the tray over there on the table, Tenchi-sama," she gives in a
voice of command.

Tenchi enters the room, places the tray on the low table, then turns to
face Ayeka and says, "There is one more thing I brought for you." His
tan hand reaches underneath his obi and holds Tenchiken out to her.
"Ayeka-san, I hope this will help you remember your oniisama."

Ayeka quickly moves forward, takes the hilt with both hands and says,
"Domo arigato gozaimasu (thank you very, very much), Tenchi-sama."
Fresh tears glitter in her red eyes while a suppressed sob causes her
words to sound harsh as she tells him, "Now, please leave."

"Oke," Tenchi steps out into the hallway as Ayeka closes the door. As
he starts back to the kitchen the youth mumbles, "Did I do the right
thing? She appreciated the return of Tenchiken to her but her mood only
seemed to get worse, not better. I wish she wouldn't hide from me all
the time, she is kirei na (pretty)." Suddenly his eyes go wide as he
stops on the stairs to look around to make sure no one heard him, then
sighs, "Kya . . . if Ryoko ever hears me say that, she'll really want
my kintama." When he enters the kitchen, he hears the clinking of
dishes, cups and the tinkle of metal chopsticks as Sasami cleans them.
He watches the happy child and thinks, 'Well, maybe she'll be better in
the morning.' Then out loud he asks the little one, "Can I help you?"

"That's oke, Tenchi-niichan," Sasami a tone of contentment in her
words. "I'm almost finish here. Why don't you go back to our guests,
I'll be there in a moment?"

Tenchi approaches the door and hears MacClean's voice say, "This next
number is dedicated to the little blue girl with rabbit's eyes. Here's
Mizutani Yuko's version of 'Puff, the Magic Dragon'." When he enters
the room, his brown eyes see the others have returned to the sofa and
chair as Sasami's creations and the music continue to bring pleasure to
their thoughts. After only a fleeting hesitation Tenchi sits next to
Ryoko, the cyan-haired lady smiles at him and places her hand on his
lower left arm but doesn't try anything else. Again Tenchi notes the
closeness between Nobuyuki and Scully as they sit between Ryoko and
Mulder who has a glass of clear liquid in his right hand.

A few minutes pass before Sasami skips into the room, but instead of
going to a place beside Mulder, she stops in front of Katsuhito and
good-naturedly asks, "May I sit with you, jiichan?"

Sasami request catches the elder by surprise but he hides it well by
saying, "You may, Akaruime."

Sasami smiles as she scrambles into the priest's lap and faces the
others. It is then Mulder and Scully notices the resemblance between
the two. While Katsuhito's face has stronger Asian features than
Sasami's, certain points on their faces match each other perfectly. For
Scully this information only confirms the family connection between the
two but for Mulder it triggers his expertise as a profiler and he
thinks, 'How long is a Jurain life span? Since Ryoko survived seven
hundred years in a cave, could the same have occurred for Yosho?' Then
the brown-haired man asks his partner, "Scully, could you ask Sasami if
they have a picture of Yosho?"

Scully puzzles over Mulder's request but finding no reason not to
forward it, she repeats it unaware of how still Katsuhito has become,
"Sasami-chan, Mulder-san wants to know it you have a picture of
Yosho-sama?"

"Hai, Ayeka-oneesama has a holographic image of Yosho-oniisama but she
never lets it out of her sight," replies the blue-haired child with a
frown. "Why does Kitsune-san want to know?"

"She said Ayeka does but won't let it leave her room," amusement in
Scully's tone because of what Sasami calls Mulder. "Sasami wants to
know why you asked?"

"Oh, just curious," answers Mulder with a smudge look on his face.

"Mulder was just curious," translates Scully.

"A kitsune answer from a kitsune," comments Sasami as she thinks, 'Just
you wait, smarty.'

"What did she say?" wonders Mulder to Scully.

"She just called you foxy," informs Scully while her smile becomes a
broad grin. "In fact, she's been calling you Mr. Fox all night."

"Tell her my parents called me Mulder at home," annoyance in Mulder's
words.

"You tell her," counters Scully.

Mulder looks into those young pink eyes yet also sees the eyes of
another child, the only one he ever allowed to call him Fox. He drops
his gaze and grumbles, "Looks like I'm stuck with it."

"Indeed," Scully comments, then she asks in Nihongo, "Katsuhito-dono,
I noticed Ayeka-san's and Sasami-san's costumes for the ritual were
exactly like those worn by Shinto miko. What do you think?"

"It suggests some kind of contact between Jurai and Nihon before the 
introduction of Buddhism to this land," suggests the priest as Ryoko
translates for Mulder. "At a time when Shinto priests still took care
of the dead."

"Was the ritual the same?" asks the redhead.

"The invocation was similar to the Shinto prayer to the Kami and use of
a sacred dance to gain the Kami's favor suggests maybe some influence
yet there are differences," answers the elder, then he asks the little
one, "Sasami-chan, does Tsunami-megami have one face or many faces?"

"Just the two everyone knows about," Sasami innocently answers. "The
Tree of the Beginning as we see her today and the likeness of a
beautiful woman from the stories about the Jida no Densetsu."

"So the prayers were tailored to worship a single entity," guesses
Scully. "But the dance is much more energetic that the ones I
remember."

"But so was the original dance before the austere influence of Buddhism
purified it of its more revealing demeanor," the priest's words match
his small smile. "Remember the story the sacred dance is based on."

Realizing there was someone here who might know, Scully turns to the
amber-eyed lady and asks, "Ryoko-san, do you know anything about the
connections between Jurai and Earth?"

"My memories only go back two thousand years, Scully-dono," replies
Ryoko as Katsuhito translates for Mulder.

"Ryoko-san, its Ninjin-chan," corrects Scully lightly.

"Oke, Ninjin-chan," a fleeting smile matches the cyan-haired woman's
tone. "Anyway, most of my career as an uchu kaizoku was spent outside
of Jurai territory, the incident which led to my imprisonment here on
this planet was my first operation in the Jurai Empire."

"What do you know of this Jurai Empire?" probes the emerald-eyed agent.

"Only what the average uchu kaizoku knows," Ryoko's eyes close as she
concentrates on her words. "The Jurai Empire is a member of the
Galactic Union, an organization most of your galaxy is part of. The
Empire has existed for twenty-five thousand years through periods of
expansion and contract. The common belief is that Jurai was founded by
exiles from other planets who allied themselves to Tsunami-megami but
that is not completely true."

"You mean the story about Jurai uchu kaizokus isn't true," asks a
disappointed Sasami.

Ara . . . the first Tree ships were used as merchant raiders by the
exiles but their quick success brought an urge for legitimacy in most
of them, thus the birth of the House of Jurai," replies Ryoko as she
sees a hint of pride in Sasami's face. "There are still contacts
between the lawful House of Jurai and the illegal Kaizoku's Guild, even
rumors of a Royal Jurain always hold a seat on the guild's council."

"But you're saying there's a hidden history to the Jurai Empire," asks
Mulder after he hears Katsuhito's translation.

"Hai, Mulder-dono," confirms Ryoko with a knowing look. "Because I was
a member of the guild for two thousand years, I gained access to its
deepest secrets," Ryoko tries to keep pride from entering her words,
knowing the horrors she'd done as Kagato's tool. "The guild's own
records show the exiles learned of the uniqueness of Tsunami-megami
Trees and came to take possession of them through conquest. They were
stopped by the goddess, her Trees, the bondmates and Kuraichi."

"Kya . . . Kuroi Kotei (the Black Emperor)!" grasps Sasami. "But the
history my tutors taught me was he came after the exiles."

"Who is Kuraichi?" Scully asks the little one.

"Kuraichi is the greatest shame the people of Jurai bear," guilt in
Sasami's voice. "The Royal Family of Jurai is made up of four branches
from the offspring of the Saishono Kokuo Jurai (First King of Jurai):
Tatsuki, Masaki, Kamiki and Amaki, the Emperor is selected from one of
these four branches. The official history is he was Tatsuki Kuraichi, a
minor noble with immense ambition. He exploited my people's nature and
successful overthrew the Kokuo Jurai. He created the office of the
Kotei Jurai (Emperor of Jurai) and built an Empire on the power of
Tsunami-megami's Trees."

"The part about him founding the Jurai Empire is true, Sasami-chan,"
Ryoko amber eyes reflex sympathy for the child's shame.

"But the rest is a lie?" asks Sasami as Katsuhito's right hand touches
her right shoulder.

"Hai, Sasami-chan," verifies the cyan-haired woman. "According to the
records, there were people already on Jurai. They had formed a monarchy
and Kuraichi was the Saishono Kokuo Jurai. He made the alliance with
the exiles for their knowledge of ship design. Once the Tree ships were
built, he killed the exile's leaders and declared himself the Saishono
Kotei Jurai."

"So the Royal House of Jurai is descended from this kaibutsu," the
little one's voice quivers.

"What happened to him?" asks Katsuhito, he knows the answer but wants
all the family's dirty linen out in the open.

"He . . . He disappeared one day never to return," utters Sasami. "Is
that true, Ryoko-neechan?"

"Mo, Sasami-chan," Ryoko replies as she leans forward to place her hand
on the child's knee. "The guild records say a palace revolt led by his
wife, his offspring and Tsunami-megami ended his evil rule."

"Do the records say why Tsunami didn't stop him earlier?" wonders
Mulder.

"From what Ryoko-san found at the guild, Sasami-chan's story about
Horosha-sama finding bondmates for the megami, the rule of
Kuraichi-san, the alliance with the exiles and the creation of the
Empire seems to suggest Tsunami-megami's obsession with protecting
Jurai and her Trees," concludes Scully.

"Most likely Kuraichi-san became a threat to what he'd created," adds
Katsuhito as he translates the conversation for Mulder's benefit.

"Hai, guji," nods the ample lady as she continues, "His overthrow
legitimized the rule of his chakunan (eldest son, heir), Iwami. For
most of his reign, Iwami solidified the gains of the Empire, tied it to
the rule of law and expended much of his time trying to wash away the
blood from Jurai's hands."

"So his death brought permanency to the Jurai Empire," remarks Tenchi.

"I don't know about Kuraichi-san's death," counters Ryoko as she shakes
her head. "The records reported his overthrow but not his death."

"You mean he could still be alive?" questions Tenchi while his and the
other's eyes go wide, only the priest doesn't react.

"I don't know, Tenchi," Ryoko bites back the reply she was going to
give. "I didn't run into anyone like him during my two-thousand-year
career but anything is possible."

Suddenly the auto-reverse on the stereo kicks in and MacClean's voice
enters the room, "Now that we've had some slow dancing, its time for
Rock N' Roll. Here are Priss and the Replicants' version of Fleetwood
Mac's 'Don't Stop'."
**********
Up in the princess' room, Ayeka takes dainty bites of the creme puff in
her right hand while her left is under her mouth to catch any crumbs
when the lyrics of the song touch her ears. The other songs echoing up
from the living room speak to her about love, friendship and freedom
but this one tells her about living:

If you hurt, just smile,
If it takes just a little while,
Open eyes, look at the day,
You're see things in a different way.

Don't stop thinking about tomorrow,
Don't stop it will soon be here,
It'll be here better than before.
Yesterday's gone. Yesterday's gone.

Try to think about times to come,
Not about the things you're done.
If you life was bad to you,
Just think what tomorrow will do.

Don't stop thinking about tomorrow,
Don't stop it will soon be here.
It'll be here better than before.
Yesterday's gone. Yesterday's gone.

All I want is to see you smile,
If it takes just a little while.
Know you don't believe it's true,
I didn't mean any harm to you.

Don't stop thinking about tomorrow,
Don't stop it soon be here.
It'll be here better than before.
Yesterday's gone. Yesterday's gone.

The refrain resonates in Ayeka's spirit but she softly says, "If only
it was that easy."

Sasami claps her hand to the beat of the music while Ryoko's body
shakes to the song's charm and Tenchi mouths the words. Katsuhito,
Scully and Nobuyuki feel the warmth from the young spirits next them
but a sad smile appears on Mulder's face. As the last beat of the drums
ends, MacClean voice shouts, "Now Asagiri Priss will do The Who's
'Squeeze Box'." When the accordion starts, Ryoko flies off the sofa,
catches the child underneath the arms and lifts her up into the air.
The two levitate vertical in the room as Ryoko says, "Let's cut the
air, Sasami-chan." Delight touches her pink eyes as her young body
imitates the ample lady's own dance. The landlubbers down below look up
fearfully but then smile as they note the bluish-white glow of the Gem
on Ryoko's left hand.

As vibration of the bass guitar stretches out the last cord of the
song, the two floating females alight back on the ground. "That was
fun!" Sasami words jumps from her lips as she bounces around Ryoko.
"Can we do it again?"

"Later, my oil is a little low," Ryoko whooshes as she heads toward the
sofa. "I'm not a fireball like you, Sasami-chan."

"You promise ne ne?" pleads the little one.

"Hai, I promise," returns the cyan-haired lady while she places her
hands against her mouth. Sasami hears a happy sigh come from Ryoko lips
as she sits next to Tenchi which makes the pink-eyed child smile for
she is sure the only reason for Ryoko's fatigue is her need to be near
the apple of her eye.

"Well, I need to be up early tomorrow morning for some shrine work,"
says Katsuhito as he stands up. "So oyasumi, everyone."

"Oyasumi, jiichan," answers Tenchi.

"Oyasumi, otousan," adds Nobuyuki.

"Oyasumi, Katsuhito-dono," chins in Scully and then tells Mulder,
"Katsuhito is turning in for the night."

"Goodnight, sir," Mulder adds his two cents.

"Jiichan, can I come with you part of the way?" asks the little
princess.

"Your company would be welcome, Akaruime," returns the smiling priest.

The two walks to the front entrance, put on their shoes and the elder
opens the door for them. The last rays of the setting sun allow
nature's hippie to paint the clouds in tints of red, yellow and blue.
It is the beginning and the end of days like these that give
Katsuhito's spirit a lift for an unchained world can only produce this
kind of beauty yet his thoughts return to the girl next to him.

Just after they pass under the red torii, Sasami quietly asks, "Do you
have something to ask me, jiichan?"

Katsuhito clears his throat and says, "Is the pain in my chest that
obvious?"

"Not really, jiichan," replies the still smiling child but her words
are serious. "You became very stiff when I was in your lap, like you
were trying to keep your thoughts from betraying you."

"Very well, I was wondering about your story, Akaruime," the elder
tries to remain calm as they pause at the granite staircase. "The
legend that surround the Masaki kazoku contains a very similar story
about two people named Horosha and Washi but the encounter with the ryu
is much different. I always assume the tale came from Yosho's own lips
but now I wonder."

"Oi . . . is that all," amusement returns to Sasami words as she
continues, "I was three-years-old when Ryoko-neechan attacked Jurai. At
the time I didn't know about the attack because I was exploring deep in
the Palace Tree, Tenjyu, near the Hall of the Trees, where
Tsunami-megami and her earthbound offspring reside. I was at the great
doors to Tsunami's home when I saw a tall woman flying down the hallway
toward me. It was Ryoko-neechan but I didn't know her and fled into the
left corner of the hall to hide behind a pedestal with a small wooden
statue on it. When I tried to get behind it, I brushed against the
statue causing it to move off-center. A door opened behind me. At first
I was scared to go in but the green glow from Ryoko-neechan's eyes
convinced me to flee into it.

"Inside was a large room with several glass cases, a desk, a wooden
altar and a huge picture on a wall. I looked into the cases and found a
huge metal sword, a locket with two rings of blue and blond hair, a
very old book and an odd looking musical string instrument, like the
ones I've seen played on your television. When I reached the desk, it
contained memory crystals with a player. My nanny showed me how to use
my own player, so I popped one of the clear crystals into the machine
and waited. A small figure of an old man with white hair was projected
from it and he told me the story about Horosha and Washi, the same one
I repeated today.

"By the time the story was completed, I heard my nanny calling my name
and I went to her but I would sneak back to the room every so often to
listen to the crystals and stare at the picture of the kind man and the 
happy lady."

When Sasami reaches the part about finding the room, Katsuhito's body
relaxes as he realizes the source of the girl's stories. 'Maybe I'm
jumping to conclusions,' he thinks. 'I have to remember I found the
room the same way and it was one of my favorite hiding places.'

"So there was an official version of the story for the public and a
true one kept in that room," concludes the elder. "Do you know why?"

"Mo, is there anything else I can help you with, jiichan?" sweetness in
Sasami's voice.

"Not now but could you help me with the shrine tomorrow morning?"
Katsuhito asks calmly. "We could trade and compare stories."

"Hai, jiichan, that would be fun," Sasami words match the light of
anticipation in her pink eyes.

"Oyasumi, Akaruime," the priest gives her a short bow.

"Oyasumi, jiichan," the child returns the proper bow. Sasami watches
the back of the priest ascend the cut stone until he disappears before
her shoulder sags and she sighs, "I didn't want to lie to him,
Tsunami-megami."

A bluish glow comes from Sasami's forehead as Tsunami replies
soundlessly, 'You will have to decide when to tell them, Sasami-chan.
The longer you delay the harder it will become for those words to leave
your lips.'

'I'm so afraid,' Tsunami can taste the fear in the little one's mind.
'I just gained Ayeka-oneesama back, I don't want to lose her forever.'

'I know you love her as much as I love you,' warmth floods into the
girl's spirit with the goddess' words.

'I love you too,' Sasami's smile matches her thought.

'When are you going to give Kitsune-san his surprise?' Tsunami changes
the subject.

'Oi . . . I better give it to him before they leave,' Sasami eyes open
wide as she turns to run back to the house but then stops midway and
asks, 'But won't my gift get us in trouble, Tsunami-megami?'

'Mo, others have broken the rules surrounding Mulder, Scully and those
poor people whose lives are forever scared by hate, fear and
indifference,' replies Tsunami. Again Sasami becomes light of feet only
to pull up short when she sees Mulder coming out the front door with a
glass in his hand.

Mulder slow steps take him toward the rental car but his spirit battles
the feelings of isolation that are trying again to claim him. The sight
of Scully and Nobuyuki share their common bond while Ryoko and Tenchi
sit close together, listening to Nihonjin voices sing Western Rock,
made the brown-haired man recognize how costly his crusade is yet both
couple gives him hope for the future. The love affair, with his first
partner, dies because of his longings but he sees in them love reborn.
His comradeship with fellow agents goes asunder by his obsession but he
sees in them fellowship made whole. A normal career will never grace
his life but he sees in them how little normalcy means. He pushes away
the doubts of his decision to stay in this foreign land as he drops
down to the dirt road and leans against the left front tire. His pale
green eyes see the light of tonight's first stars reflect off the
lake's black waters and whispers to himself, "I stand at the window
looking in, searching for your face, Samantha."

"Dekiru watashi tasuke (Can I help you)?" a child's voice comes from
above him.

Mulder yanks his head up to stare at the small form, the dimming light
makes him see the brown curls and dark eyes of his long lost sister but
when she leans a little closer the shadow that wanders his dreams fades
before Sasami's features.

"Ga kowarete iru, Kitsune-san (Something wrong, Mr. Fox)?" Mulder hears
the concern in Sasami's tone.

"I'm sorry Miss Masaki but I can't understand your questions," Mulder
tries to keep his longing out of his words, he notes how the moonlight
shines off her face, especially the little mark above her eyebrows.

Sasami takes up a formal stance before Mulder and says, "Watashi,
Masaki Sasami Jurai, kubaru hoho tame ni koeru anata no mimi (I, Masaki
Sasami Jurai, gives means in order to enrich your ears)." When the last
word leaves the little one's lips, she bends down and touches the
puzzled man's forehead with hers.

Mulder's eyes go wide with shock as bluish light drowns out everything
in his sight except for those two pink quartzes, then all thought
vanishes as the neural circuitry within his brain fires all at once.
Sasami carefully sits on Mulder's lap as his head falls back against
the side of the car and his eyes close. She places her small arms
around to hold him so he wouldn't hurt himself while his body jerks
uncontrollably, lets her blue-haired head rests against his quivering
chest and says, "I just want to help you, Kitsune-san. So many have
hurt you." Soon the day's events causes the child's body to fall fast
asleep as more of her spirit channels Tsunami's power into Mulder.

The starry lion rises above the trees by the time Mulder's pale green
eyes open. He looks down to see the tranquil child press against his
body, her small body deep in sleep's realm. Unshed tears glisten in
Mulder's eyes as he sees the same innocence in the child's upturned
freckled face as his memory holds of his sister. His right hand touches
the girl's blue hair while his left hand surrounds her waist as he says
tearfully, "I won't let anyone hurt you like they did Samantha."

Time slips by while he stares at the two fields of stars until Mulder
hears a throat clear. He tilts his head back to see Scully looking down
at him and she asks with mirthful words, "Starting kind of young aren't
you, Mulder?"

But Mulder takes her words seriously and strongly retorts, "Ruin is the
fate for any that harms this child."

Scully frowns then turns to her left, takes a few steps forward and
says, "Tenchi-san, they're over here." The redhead can hear Mulder push
himself up the side of the car to an upright position as her emerald
eyes see Tenchi coming toward them.

Tenchi smiles at them as he walks pass Scully, tenderly take Sasami
from the American's gentle embrace and say, "It looks like bedtime for
all of us. Oyasumi, Mulder-san, Ninjin-chan."

"Good . . . " Mulder's words stop cold as his mind freezes at a sudden
insight.

"Oyasumi, Tenchi-san," replies Scully, unaware her partner's mouth
hangs open.

Tenchi walks a few steps forward before he remembers Mulder's limits.
He then turns back around and says in halting English, "Goodnight,
Mulder."

"Goodnight, Mr. Masaki," Mulder's tongue finally comes untied.

"Just Tenchi," the youth's smile matches his words.

"Okay, Tenchi," Mulder agrees.

Mulder comes to stand next to Scully and inquires, "When Tenchi took
Miss Masaki from my arms, did he speak English to me?"

"No, it was Nihongo," Scully replies with a frown. "Why?"

"Oh . . . just curious, Scully," answers Mulder with a foxy grin on his
lips.

"Well, it's almost ten p.m., so we better get going so we get enough
sleep to meet our new co-workers," Scully recommends as she opens the
car and gets behind the wheel.

"But tomorrows Saturday?" appeals Mulder.

"For most in Nihon that's a half-work day, Mulder," informs the
redhead.

As Mulder belts into the shotgun seat, he says, "As to your question
about me and Sasami, I have to start before they all fall in love with
the boy."

Scully puts the key into the ignition lock and starts the car before
she counters, "What about the older princess?"

Mulder gets a disgusting look on his face and shoots back, "Please, you
know how I am with authority figures. Besides, with her temper I would
end up looking like a bruised banana."

With smiles on their faces and pleasant memories in their minds, the
two Americans start on their way back to Okayama.
**********
Notes:
1. What got me interested in writing this series was how much the OAV first 
episode would make an excellent X-Flies episode. I originally wanted to do a 
SI series as my first fanfic (I even wrote out an outline for it) but my 
creative juices just started to flow over this crossover idea. Originally it 
was only suppose to be forty pages but one thing led to another and it 
became a this monster, most of this caused by me adding more to the story as 
I went along and I kept changing the ending.

2. Strange Days will be my crossover series for Tenchi Muyo. I found it
hard to find other writers stories because of the continuous title
changes between squeals. This story and the next six will be X-Flies
crossovers while some later ones are going to involve other characters
from different sources (Buffy, Oh My Goddess, Gunsmith Cats, Cardcaptor
Sakura and even Sailor Moon). The stories will be progressive so you
will need to read the early ones to understand what is happening in the
later stories.

2. I used these books as sources for my stories. You don't need them to
write a Tenchi Muyo story but they do help in many ways:
1) Japanese Street Slang, Peter Constantine, Tengu Books, New York,
Tokyo, 1992 ISBN 0-8348-0250-3, 190pgs. An excellent source on helping
you to understand just what that anime character just said.
2) Japanese Slang: Uncensored, Peter Constantine, Yenbooks, 2-6 Suido
1-chome, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 112, Japan, 1994, ISBN 4-9007-3703-8, 208pgs.
This covers in greater detail those naughty words some earthy anime
characters use all the time.
3) Random House Japanese-English/English-Japanese Dictionary, Seigo
Nakao, Ballantine Book, New York, 1995, ISBN 0-345-40548, 666pgs. A
cheap little book but its not that well organized and doesn't include
many slang words.
4) Barron's Japanese Idioms, Nobuo Akiyama and Carol Akiyama,
Barron's Educational Series Inc, Hauppauge, New York, 11788, 1996, ISBN
0-8120-9045-4, 389pgs. An excellent source to help spice up your
characters' dialogue and help you understand what that anime character
meant about still having legs.
5) The Anime Companion: What's Japanese In Japanese Animation, Gilles
Poitras, Stone Bridge Press, P. O. Box 8208, Berkeley, California,
1999, ISBN 1-880656-32-9, 163pgs. This book made me realize just how
much of Nihonjin culture anime fans are exposed to and how it added to
its attraction.
6) Japan-A Travel Survival Kit, Chris Taylor, Lonely Planet
Publications, 1997, ISBN 0864424930, 600pgs. I looked at over dozen
travel guides and found this one had the most information about Nihon
outside of Tokyo. It has an excellent map to downtown Kurashiki, major
and minor sites near and around the city, hotels, local bus routes,
rail net and restaurants.
7) A Year In The Life Of A Shinto Shrine, John K. Nelson, University of
Washington Press, Seattle, Wash., 1996. ISBN 0295975008, 330pgs. John
Nelson teaches at a Catholic girl school in Nagasaki. His interest in
other religions led him to investigate the Shinto community in this
city and the great Shinto Shrine there. This book gives you a very
detailed look at the continuous evolution of Shinto in Nihon, the
traditional rituals and the mix of priests involved in this religion.
This book gave me a better understanding of Shinto and influenced the
way I developed the mystical/religious life for Jurai.
8) A Look Into Japan, John Howard Loftus and William Harland, Japan
Travel Bureau, Inc., Japan, 1997, ISBN 4-533-01381-3, 191pgs. Meant to
help those traveling and living in Nihon, its illustrations and simple
descriptions give you an excellent birdeye's view of Nihon and its
culture.
9) Martial Arts & Sports In Japan, Nathan Mathews, Japan Travel Bureau,
Inc., Japan, 1993, ISBN 4-533-01995-1, 191pgs. An excellent starting
point to understanding both ancient and modern sports in Nihon.
10) Cooking With Japanese Foods: A Guide To The Traditional Natural
Foods OF Japan, John Belleme and Jan Belleme, Avery Publishing Group
Inc., Garden City Park, New York, 1993, ISBN 0-89529-583-0, 220pgs. An
excellent source on traditional Nihon foods, recipes, history and
cooking techniques.
11) Japan: A Bilingual Atlas, Atsushi Umeda, 1991, Kodansha
International Ltd., 17-14, Otowa 1-chome, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo, 112-8652,
ISBN 4-7700-1536-4, 128pgs. The best atlas I could find on Nihon.
12) Dreamland Japan: Writings On Modern Manga, Frederik L. Schodt,
1996, Stone Bridge Press, P.O.Box 8208, Berkeley, Calif., 94707, ISBN
1-880656-23-X, 360pgs. A friend and interpreter of the late Osamu
Tezuka, Schodt's book gives you an insider view of the manga industry
and its offspring: anime.
13) Guadalcanal: Island Ordeal, Graeme Kent, Ballantine Books Inc., 101
Fifth Avenue, New York, NY, 1971, ISBN 345-02268-8, 160pgs.
Out-of-print, this book gives you some of the best pictures of the campaign.
14) Tenchi Muyo!: RPG And Resource Book, David L. Pulver, Karen A.
McLarney, Mark C. MacKinnon and Jeff Mackintosh, Guardian Of Order,
Inc., P.O.Box 25016, 370 Stone Road, Guelph, Ontario, Canada, NIG 4T4,
2000, ISBN 1-894525-08-6, 200pgs. For those who don't have access to
Tenchi 101 or the Tenchi DVD, this book contains all the information
from these sources as well as an excellent description of the
characters and the OAV universe but only hints at some of the
mysteries, it doesn't solve them.
15) The Truth Is Out There: The Official Guide To The X-Flies,
Volume 1, Created by Chris Carter, Written by Brian Lowry, 
HarperCollinsPublishers, 10 East 53rd Street, New York, NY, 10022,
1995, ISBN 0-06-105330-9, 277pgs. I used this as my bible on Mulder,
Scully and their universe. It covers the first, second and parts of the
third season.

4.The one thing making a tremendous difference for me was the people
who sacrificed their time as prereaders for me. Lita Eagle, BGlanders,
Achariyth, Kuuta Kutani, Sasami-chan and Fuzzy bunny has helped me
recognize my strengths and flaws. As a poet and songwriter for the past
fifteen years, I worried only about the structure and content that
would make an excellent poem or song. I didn't need to be concern about
dialogue, sentence structure or most grammar rules. Imagery, emotions
and catchy phases were my bread and butter. Then I started to watch
anime again after being away from it for the past twenty years and I
saw Tenchi Universe. I enjoyed it a lot but then I found Tenchi Muyo:
Ryo-ohki. The OVA had an immediate impact on me. The complex
characters, adult plotline and sci-fi/comedy/romance mix made me fall
in love with the series and angry with AIC for not continuing it. In my
anger I started to write my own continuation of the OAV which I planned
to send to AIC in a vain attempt to convince them how good the series
was. It was in an Animerca article that I discovered fanfiction and how
egotistically was my ambition. The first fanfic story I read was
Michael McAvoy's "No Need For Sasami". If discovering that others had
written Tenchi stories didn't slow me, the high quality of McAvoy's
series burst my bubble completely. After reading other Tenchi stories
by Lita Eagle, BGlanders, Happosai and others, I became even more
convinced that I couldn't equal any of these writers' ability. It
wasn't until I started to read some of the really poorly written
stories that some of the old fire returned to me, if I couldn't equal
the best at least I could do better than the worst. I read both
McAvoy's article, "A Small List Of Things Best Left Out Of Your Story",
and K'thardin's article, "How To Write A Fanfic" to help me start out
in the right direction. The one thing I took to heart immediately was 
K'thardin's recommendation for prereaders. I wanted my first fanfic to
be as good as it could be and I know an author is usually blind to his
flaws. In fact, except for the skills I had developed as a poet and
songwriter, I didn't even know my strengths. These people took the time
to show both to me and without their aid, this story would be a real
mess. DOMO ARIGATO GOZAIMASU.

5. Background: Since this is a crossover series, I would be adding
something to the Tenchi OVA canon when I included the X-Flies universe
to the mix yet I also decided to use the canon as a foundation for my
own version of it. I used information from the "Tenchi Muyo RPG and
Resource Book" to tell me what was in the "Tenchi Encyclopedia
(Tenchi 101)", added information from Masaki Kajishima's and Yosuke
Kuroda's "True Tenchi Novels" and from the first movie, "Tenchi In
Love" but I made changes in places where I didn't agree with either
source (Space pirates being the only source of the original human
Jurains, Nobuyuki being a descendant of Yosho and Nobuyuki knowing
Achika since they were children). I expanded it even further than I
originally planned by including a religious/mystical aspect to
Jurains' relationship with Tsunami-megami but I made sure what I added
wouldn't contradict anything from the OAV episodes. As Kuuta Kutani
pointed out, I have in some places gone WAY off-canon.

6.Timeline: I will be using a modified time line for this series.
Besides blending the OAV and the X-Flies time line together, I going to
change the episodic lineup for the OAV from the one presented to us by
AIC and the Resource Book. A recent debate on TML was how the
characters seem to digress in episode thirteen, "Here Comes Jurai." A
possible solution offered was episode thirteen was done out-of-sequence
with the rest of the Second Season. Its beginning with Mihoshi's report
suggested it was originally meant to be the opener for the Second
Season but something happened and it was used as a link for the
possible Third Season. For me this solution works because it preserves
the progressive development of the OAV characters.
Here's the time line I'm using:
1992
X-Flies Pilot (March 6, 1992)
Deep Throat
Squeeze
Conduit
Jersey Devil
The beginning of the Resurrection of Ryoko (Tenchi releasing Ryoko from
the cave).
Shadows
Ghost in The Machine
Ice
Space
Cont. of the Resurrection of Ryoko (starting with the high school
incident).
Here Comes Ayeka!
WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM OUR FRIENDS (X-Flies)
Hello Ryo-Ohki!
Mihoshi Falls To The Land Of Stars
FIRE AND RAIN (X-Flies)
Kagato Attacks!
We Need Tenchi!
The Night Before The Carnival
MOTHER AND CHILD REUNION (X-Flies)
1993
Fallen Angel
Eve
Fire
Here Comes Jurai
Beyond the Sea
MY FATHER (X-Flies)
Hello Baby!
A HARD RAIN'S A-GONNA FALL (X-Flies)
MAD DOGS AND ENGLISHMEN (X-Flies)
SIMPLE TWIST OF FATE (X-Flies)
Sasami and Tsunami
I'M A PIONEER (El-Hazard)
I Love Tenchi
MACK THE KNIFE (Gunsmith Cats)
The Advent of the Goddess
Zero Ryoko
VETERAN COSMIC ROCKER (X-Flies)
STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN (X-Flies)
DAZED AND CONFUSED (Night Stalker)
TEEN ANGEL  (Oh My Goddess)
THE BATTLE FOR EVERMORE (Speed Racer)
1994
SYMPATHY FOR THE DEVIL (Buffy, the Vampire Slayer: TV series)
CHILD OF LIGHT (Cardcaptor Sakura)
JUST A SINGER IN A ROCK & ROLL BAND (Sailor Moon)
More to come.

7.Characters: Most comments that come from prereaders are about OOC.
While most of the prereaders thought the characterizations were good to
very good, both Kuuta Kutani and BGlanders believed them to be a little
over the top, too emotional. There is a danger for the writer to stray
from the OAV personalities, which is one of the reasons why most Tenchi
OAV stories take place after the second season. I started mine just
after the second episode because of time (the investigation into the
destruction of the Seto-obashi Bridge would have to start immediately)
and I wanted some restraints placed on myself as to how far I could
take the characters yet remain within the boundaries of acceptable
behavior. There are distinct differences between the OAV Tenchi gang
and the TU Tenchi gang. As was pointed out by Tomas 009Doscher, in "The
Sum of All Memories", a person's personality is created by the sum of
all of his or her memories. As such, both groups are different because
their memories are different and this will be true of the OAV gang in
my series in light of their interaction with Scully, Mulder and others.
This doesn't mean I'm going to change the OAV personalities since my
stories are happening at the same time as the OAV episodes but I will
try to show each character is a complex person. Remember that these
characters are total strangers to at least some of the other members.
As such they are groping in the dark, trying to establish lines of
friendship with the others, sometimes accidentally hurting the others
and exposing themselves to emotional pain. McAvoy is also right about
one other thing, as writers we do project some of our own experiences
and those of our friends into the characters we write about.
Tenchi: Of all the characters in the series, Tenchi gets a lot of bad
press. Indecisive, naive, gullible and a blockhead are some of the
words I've seen used by others. What some keep forgetting is Tenchi is
the only 'normal' Nihonjin in the series, all the others are either
abnormal (Nobuyuki) or space aliens (this includes Katsuhito). Most
Nihonjin people have introverted personalities with a public face seen
by most and a private face usually seen by his/her mate. Tenchi's
public face is one of politeness, easygoing, agreeable and very quiet
but his private face is one with a fiery temper, stubborn determination
and heartbreak sadness. Most of Tenchi's indecisiveness comes from the
fact he doesn't want to hurt other peoples' feelings. He loves every
member of his new 'family' and will do anything to keep it together. If
this means a loss of dignity or privacy due to Ryoko's advances,
Ayeka's maneuvers, Sasami's mischievous nature, Washu's teasing,
Mihoshi's hero worship, Katsuhito's smartass treatment or Nobuyuki's
hentai nature, he will endure it. In some ways I see something of
myself in Tenchi. I was like this when I was seventeen. I was raised by
my paternal grandparents and my paternal great-grandmother. I was
introverted, very naive about girls and grieving over the death of my
grandmother who was more of a mother to me than my mother was. Will
Tenchi choose one of the girls as a mate? I don't know but the girls
could be in for a long wait. Most Nihonjin men marry between the ages
of twenty-two and twenty-five and to someone they have known since
childhood (this is why Nobuyuki-Achika's marriage in their teens is
considered to be so unusual). Tenchi is like his name: as solid as the
earth and forever like the heavens.
Ryoko: Of all the characters in the series Ryoko bear the greatest
burdens (only Katsuhito might come close to her). Even though she was
under Kagato's control during her rampage across the universe (the
first 3,000 years as Kagato's soulless weapon and the last 2,000 years
with the warped personality placed in her by her master), she was proud
of being a space pirate and took pleasure in what she destroyed and
killed. It's not until she is defeated by Yosho and sealed in the cave
does she began to change. Over the next seven hundred years she is
reformed by her prison's isolation and then exposed to the goodness of
Nobuyuki, Achika, Katsuhito and Tenchi. If any person is responsible
for the changes in her personality, it's Tenchi. His childhood was
hers, his joys and tears were hers and a bond developed between them
(conscious on Ryoko's part and unconscious on Tenchi's part). Her
problem is while she has been in love with Tenchi for years Tenchi can
only feel the warm comfort her presence gave to him at the cave. Is it
love or friendship Tenchi feels for Ryoko? Ryoko would want it to be
love but Tenchi isn't sure.
The next person close to her is Sasami because the little princess
accepted her without reservation and was the first to treat Ryoko like
a human being; the love between the two is sisterly. I'm using the
ancient spelling for Ryoko's name because this is how it would've
looked five-thousand-years ago.
In seeing how normal people interact with each other, Ryoko has
developed guilt over what she did as a space pirate. The old pride is
still there but it's tempered by the knowledge of the pain she brought
to people no different from Tenchi or Sasami. To find this part of
Ryoko's persona I used the experiences of friends who served in
Vietnam. Like Ryoko these friends were ordered in to burn villages and
kill men, women and children. It doesn't matter if those people were VC
or not, it doesn't matter if they were just following orders, the
bodies and the ghosts still haunt their dreams. For friends like Lee
Blood, each time they close their eyes, they are back in NAM.
Ayeka: The most restraint placed on my writing was Ayeka's isolation
during this time. At every opportunity I tried to find a reason to draw
her out of her room and her grief. In some ways she is the twin to
Ryoko for in her odyssey to find Yosho, she lost everything. Ayeka had
built her whole life around her marriage to Yosho since she was
five-year-old, even changing her hair color to make herself more
pleasing to her brother. With her brother's 'death' the foundation of
her life was turned into rubble, these five days are the darkest in
Ayeka's life. It is the reason for my portrayal of Ayeka as suicidal.
If a normal person's world were destroyed like Ayeka was, an attempt at
suicide would be usual. In placing Ayeka in that position I had to find
reasons for her to live on. Those were Sasami's unconditional love for
her sister, Ayeka's duty to Tenchi and her hostility to Ryoko. I'm
using the ancient spelling for Ayeka's name because this is how it
would've been when she was born, seven-hundred-years ago. Remember that
the name Ayeka is delicate in Nihongo but it can also mean ever
changing or metamorphosis. If one person's personality changes in the
OAV, it is Ayeka's. She started out as a caterpillar and became a
beautiful butterfly.
Sasami: If there is one person I feel the closest to, the little child
goddess. Like her, I suffered as a child with physically trauma, which
almost killed me. For three months I was at the Children's Hospital in
San Fran with a disease that produced puss bags around my spin and
spinal cord, slowly squeezing me to death. The doctors saved my life
but gave little hope for me being able to walk again. At the end of
three months I walked out of the hospital with my body's trunk encased
in a metal brace. For the next six months I went through rehabilitation
wearing that brace and I succeeded. I didn't have to choose this road,
I could have just accepted my fate but I didn't and neither did Sasami.
Like me she wanted to live and was willing to accept the merging with
Tsunami as the price to be paid. Right now Sasami wrongly believes she
is a construct of Tsunami and it's the main reason for her desperation
for everyone to accept and love her as Sasami for she fears rejection
should her secret be revealed. While her spirit, her soul is Sasami's,
her body is not. Sasami's body is a construct of Tsunami's, which can
be biological, energy or both at the same time. While her body sleeps,
her spirit wanders about the universe. One of the things I added was
the fact that while with Ayeka, during her sister's search for Yosho,
the time her body spent in stasis sleeps her spirit talked and played
with Tsunami-megami. Sasami's body might be eight-year-old and her
spirit is that of a child yet her mind is seven-hundred-year-old.
Nobuyuki: One of the reasons I devoted so much time to Nobuyuki is that
once the other ladies (Mihoshi, Ryo-ohki and Washu) join the cast, some
of the other members will lose time to them. It is the reason I started
the romance between Nobuyuki and Scully, to create enough of a reason
for him to get as much airtime as possible. I reasoned that most of the
OAV episodes must have taken place on Saturdays because Tenchi was home
from school but Nobuyuki was not (in Nihon, Saturday is a half-workday
for most). As such, most of my stories will cover the in between days.
You will get to see Nobuyuki at work or with Scully, Tenchi at school
with his fellow friends and the ladies interacting with each other or
with Katsuhito without Tenchi being there. For me, Nobuyuki's hentai
nature was originally only a part of a more balanced personality but
when Achika died he used it as a shield to keep women from looking at
him as husband material. Now with Scully brought back into his life we
will see Nobuyuki in a new light.
Katsuhito/Yosho: If any person is responsible for the situation the
characters are in, it's Katsuhito/Yosho. It was his choose to chase
after Ryoko even through her mission had failed. Although he covered
his mission with self-sacrifice, his main purpose was selfish, to avoid
his responsibility for not telling his family that he didn't want to
marry Ayeka, he loved the purple-haired princess like a sister not as a
wife. It wasn't until he defeated Ryoko on earth and became aware of
the nature of the Gems did his choice to remain on Earth was easy for
him. He also made a hard decision to protect Ryoko from Jurai's
interest in her but at the same time he started to prepare for the
inevitable battle with Ryoko's master, Kagato. What I was looking for
in his story was how the nature of the Gems could effect the
relationship between Katsuhito/Yosho, Funaho-Ki, Ryoko and Washu. I
reasoned if the Gems are the link between Ryoko's and Washu's minds
then because they were supplying energy to Funaho-Ki and
Katsuhito/Yosho they could mentally link Washu with both of them. I
also wanted to show how complex plans like those being used by
Katsuhito/Yosho and Tsunami is a mixture of manipulation, free will and
blind luck.
Mulder: He is haunted by the kidnapping of his sister by aliens.
Although he disguised his search for her as his crusade to reveal the
truth about aliens here on Earth, his main purpose in life is to rescue
her. He used the X-Flies originally as his excuse for using government
resources for his search but so he became intrigued by the supernatural
nature of the cases. The X-Flies also feed his outsider nature, his
feelings of paranoia, while leading him to others whom felt the same
way as he did. Originally he saw Scully as a spy, meant to hinder his
crusade, but this changes after her kidnapping by Duane Berry in 1994.
Mulder like Nobuyuki has a hentai nature to his character. Scully has
found him reading 'Adult Movies Review' at his office and has had
numerous affairs with women. David Duchovny stated that Mulder is
Jewish but how religious he is has never been defined. Like the other
characters I have to be careful not to leak in emotional changes that
Mulder suffered through later in the series. The development of
friendship between Ryoko and Mulder was never planned by me, it just
happened.
Scully: She is a person in crisis. Her love for her father has always
been stronger than he feelings for her mother to a point of her being
a daddy's girl. An affair with an older, married man and her loss of
faith in her religion has brought her to a point where her father and
her job at the FBI kelp her saneness. Her exposure to the X-Flies and
Mulder's crusade has in some ways revived her connections to her mother
and her faith in God. Of all the characters from the X-Flies, it is
Scully I've added the most information to. Her family living in Nihon
for four years and her friendship with the Masaki family was something
I had planned from the beginning, as was the possible romance between
Scully and Nobuyuki. I'm going to allow the romance to develop
naturally.
Washu: Because of her connection with Ryoko, Katsuhito and Funaho-Ki,
keeping this little redhead out of the picture until Book Three would
be illogical, besides I don't like the idea of being her lab rat.
Trying to construct a personality for someone over at least
twenty-thousand-years-old was a real challenge. To build her biography
I borrowed heavily from the True Tenchi Novels, Tenchi 101 and the
hints dropped in the OAV. For me Washu is one of three goddesses who
for some reason decided to live in the lower dimensions. To do this she
had to give up her godhead, her memories as a goddess and be reborn as
a child. On the planet Kanematsu (remember Mihoshi's last name), a
floating child appeared in front of an abbey with three red gems beside
her. Named Washu (trans. God of Harmony) by the female rector the
child's genius was immediately recognized by the authorities on
Kanematsu. By the age of fifteen, Washu had already mastered the basic
courses at the Royal Academy before even going there (minimum age for
students is eighteen) and tests had shown her power level to be
class C. Even with her memory blocked, Washu was able to figure out
that the three Gems were very powerful but not their potential or how
to use them until she created Ryoko. To make a long story short most of
the theories about Washu are confirmed in the True Tenchi Novels. Is
this canon? For me it is but for others? I'll leave that up to them. I
will also be added some of my own ideas about Washu's past as I go
along.
Achika: I know the original name for Tenchi's mother was Kiyone but I
didn't want to confuse readers and I wasn't up to the task of creating
a likely story for Mihoshi's partner being Tenchi's mother. So I used
the name given in Tenchi in Love for his mother but changed her
background to fit the OAV and to add some mystery to her. I have never
read Naoko Hasegawa's novel version of TIL (I hope some day they would
translate it and her other novels into English) but I picked up a few
fragments from the different fans. I used some of it but the idea that
Achika and Nobuyuki knew each since childhood was mine. Achika's
importance to this series cannot be overstated, just as her presence in
the OAV is everywhere.
Kagato: BGlanders pointed out to me that according to Tenchi 101 vol.2
Kagato is a male clone of one of Washu's female friends. This statement
is confirmed in the True Tenchi Novels with Kagato being the male
version of Akara Naja, the second greatest genius in the universe. But
who created the clone? According to the True Tenchi Novels, pirates
killed Akara Naja while she and Washu were doing research on planet
K1190. The True Tenchi Novels place this event at about the same time
Washu created Ryoko, about five thousand years ago. I'm going with the
idea that Washu was in great grief over her friend's death and over the
loss of her son fifteen thousand years earlier and so created Kagato in
an attempt to bring her friend back to life and to replace her son. Why
do I say both because all clones would naturally be female due to the
fact that all embryos start as female before some change into male
during the early development of the fetus (what triggers the change is
unknown and it is the reason why all of the sheep clones done so far
are female), to change the clone's gender showed a conscious decision
on Washu's part. Since True Tenchi Novels place this event so close to
Washu's creating Ryoko, it is possible Washu was creating a son and a
daughter she would never lose.
Skinner: I know, I know. Skinner does not appear in the X-Flies until
the second season. There are two reasons for him being in the series:
1. He is my favorite of the minor characters in the X-Flies.
3. It was easier to write the first chapter with him as Mulder's
superior to than anyone else.
MacClean: Of the remaining major characters to appear in the first book
(don't worry, both Ryo-Ohki and Mihoshi will be in the next story), I
can only give a little information about his background. He is a
composite character based on my brother Antony (he could pass as my
twin) another person. I brought him into the series to add some mystery
to it since everyone knows the other characters. You will need to read
the other books in this series to find out more about him.
Horosha and Washi: I will let you guess about them. Right now their
importance is as a link to Tsunami and Jurai's past. Later both will
have different roles with the main characters.
Minor characters: The other characters to appear were used as window
dressing with a few details to give them color. Their importance will
vary according to what happens to them in the series.

8.Plot: The only plot hang-up was over the bath scene with Ryoko and
Ayeka, Kuuta Kutani thought it was eye candy for the fans. The reasons
for this occurring were three folds:
1. Ryoko wanted revenge on Ayeka for using Tenchiken on her without
upsetting Sasami and Tenchi too much (I could hear Ryoko whispering in
my ear, "Let me at her, just once.").
2. Ryoko wanted to disguise her reasons for helping Ayeka; Ryoko has a
reputation to uphold and didn't want Ayeka to think she was going soft.
3. Ryoko knows reinforcing Ayeka's hostility to her will give the
princess one more reason to want to live.
4. What's a Tenchi fan fiction story without a sexy bath scene (I mean
we are dealing with an OAV series that has six steamy bath scenes in
just 13 episodes).

Most of the plotline for this story kept on changing as I wrote it,
only the beginning, Scully's connection to the Masaki family, Sasami's
pet, the meeting between the main characters at the Masaki home, the
battle with the OIK men and the first ending (originally Ryoko was
supposed to seduce Mulder) was planned. Sasami-chan thought the story
and dialogues appeared rushed at certain points (especially at the
beginning) and Achariyth believed a better reason was needed to explain
the FBI intervention in a Nihon investigation and not the CIA. This
gave me one of several reasons to do the first of four major rewrites
(minor rewrites were done at the end of each chapter). I increased the
interaction between the characters and added more details to the
story's background to give it a steady flowing pace.

9.Dialogue: What scared me when I started this story was dialogue. As a
poet and songwriter, you don't have to deal with dialogue. I knew I
could handle description and the projection of emotions into the
narrative but my greatest fear was I couldn't create passable dialogue
for the characters. I was very, very surprised when Lita Eagle,
Achariyth and Kuuta Kutani told me my dialogue was very good. Lita
Eagle said the characters? Dialogue was natural and others like the
interaction between different characters. Because these positive
comments came so early in the story development, I began to add more
dialogue to the story and was another reason for my first major
rewrite. But I will have to say that sometimes I wasn't responsible for
the dialogue, there were times when I felt like my voice was being used
by the characters. The two best examples I can think of are the
confrontation between Ayeka and Ryoko and the one between Ryoko and
Mulder. I didn't really know for sure how Ryoko would convince Ayeka
not to kill herself until the words flowed from Ryoko's lips. Up to the
point where Ryoko sits at the bar with Mulder, I was still going to
have Ryoko seduce Mulder but then, as I wrote the scene I felt a sudden
change within you and me see the result. There were times when I didn't
know what the characters would say until I heard the words within my
mind. I think the reason for this inner voice or voices is the fact I
spent three and a half months in a hospital, mostly in a private room.
For the first twenty days of my stay, I had no television and only a
few comic books to keep me occupied but soon I was creating stories in
my mind with characters from movies, television and comics. During the
rest of my childhood I would make my own paper cutouts and paper props
to make my own stories, with the characters conversing in my mind. I
always considered this a childhood thing but now I realized how in my
dreams characters would talk to me in an independent voice. Does this
make me a nut case? Maybe but some consider insanity a plus for a writer.

10. Nihongo Words and Idioms: The only big argument I had with some of
my prereaders was over the use of Nihongo words in the dialogue. Lita
Eagle made a few comments about it and I had some long e-mail letters
with Achariyth over this part of my style. Lita Eagle thought the usage
would distract the reader from the storytelling and would make some
readers just hit the 'back' button while Achariyth believed it is a
quick way to lose a reader's interest. I trimmed down the Nihongo words
in the narration but stayed firm on it in the dialogue for several
reasons:
Atmosphere: I wanted the story to feel like a subtitled version of the
OAV. I wanted Nihongo and Jurain culture to flow out of the story. You
should know I'm not just an otaku of anime, I'm also otaku of Nihonjin.
It doesn't mean I don't recognize the flaws in the culture but I have
an admiration for the people. As Gilles Poitras pointed out in his/her
book, Nihongo culture penetrates all anime to vary degrees and many
times the only way you can understand a character's actions is to
remember that anime is first made for the Nihon market (although
American tastes have started to influence anime marketed for Nihon TV).
I also wanted to show how similar and different Juraijin is from
Nihonjin and how different the two are from Western culture and other
space faring races.
Dialogue: I wanted to increase the individuality of the different
character's voices. I have talked to other otakus here in Sacramento,
anthropology professors and e-mail contacts and many agreed on how
important language is in the Tenchi OAV, especially slang. Each
characters talks differently in Nihongo and I wanted to carry it over
into my story and the only way to do this is to use Nihongo words with
a translation next to it. Furthermore female characters talk
differently from male characters and I wanted to reflex this in my
dialogue too. These examples are:
Katsuhito/Yosho talked in a very slangy Kyushu dialect.
Ayeka talked in a very formal Royal Court dialect (Hensian I think)
most of the time with a very dainty feminine voice (but when she loses
her temper, watch out!).
Sasami speeches varied from the formal Royal Court dialect to the
affectionate Nihongo child speak depending on whom she is talking to
and the situation.
Tsunami talked the formal Royal Court dialect.
Ryoko talked in a Southern Honshu dialect with lots of rural slang with
a very forward famine voice (almost American in directness).
Tenchi talked in a Southern Honshu dialect with a mix of traditional,
school and Nihongo-Amerika slang.
Nobuyuki talked in an Osaka dialect with lots of urban and rural sexual
slang.
Washu talked in a very rough, masculine voice (use of na, ze and da
particles instead of the feminine no, ne, wa and wa yo) used by most
university professors and included slang from various origins but
shifts into a very feminine voice when she teases someone.
I had Scully and MacClean talk in a gender-neutral voice reflecting
their foreign origins and her being out of Nihon for the last twenty
years. MacClean speaks in a Tokyo dialect with a lot of street slang
and Nihongo-Amerika words. As the series progress, she will slip back
into her old speech pattern.
Impact of Western culture: Nihon is the land of tradition and change,
which can be found in her language. Those who listen only to dubs will
miss this mix of the old and the new and I wanted to show this
influence in my stories. If you listen to subtitle anime and songs sung
in the anime, you would find a lot of Nihongo-Amerika words and slang.
Just as American English is a bastard language with words going back to
ancient Greek and Latin, the street Nihongo contains a lot of Chinese,
Korean, European and American words, idioms and slang (especially the
Tokyo dialect).
Censorship: Anime contains layers of censorship in an attempt to
produce a product saleable in both Nihon and the United States. The
pure form is the original Nihongo version (either anime or manga) with
minimum censorship (mostly due to the target audience the producers are
aiming at). The first layer of censorship is the subtitled. This
censorship varied from company to company (USManga doing the least
amount of subtitled censorship to Pioneer doing a lot of subtitled
censorship) but it is there. Dubbed anime is heavy with censorship so
it will not offend certain groups in the United States and England. By
using Nihongo words and idioms I am attempting to strip away the layers
of censorship to present Tenchi in the raw.
Enjoyment: My stories are attempts to convince the reader he/she is
missing a very magical world by not knowing some Nihongo words and
idioms. By just using either Happosai's or my glossary a new level of
entertainment and understanding of anime will reach you. You don't need
to understand that many Nihongo words for the key to unlock the door to
this new world.

11.Present Tense: This will be the only time I will do a story in a
present tense style, the rest of my stories will be in past tense. The
reasons for doing this story in present tense were many:
1. The majority of my poems and songs I have done in present tense and
I was hoping to use the same style for my stories.
2. My English professors have always stated that present tense writing
is superior to past tense writing.
3. I noticed that some reviewers would get on a soapbox about people
using present tense and I decided to let them know how much this
bothered me. To be against something because it's different is not a
good thing.

12. There are a lot of good to excellent Tenchi fan fiction stories out
there. If you want to get hooked on reading Tenchi fan fiction, start
with the stories I listed below, these are some of the best:
"Tenchi Muyo! H Adventures" by Warpzone32@hotmail.com this is one of
the funniest lemons I've ever read.
"Homecomings: A Tenchi Muyo/El Hazard Crossover" by Andrew Graham &
Deunan. A great crossover story.
"Tenchi Muyo: Unfinished Business" by Dennis 'Dewey Neko' Carr & Karmin
'Trakal' St. Jean. Come on guys, get the next chapter out, I love this
series.
"Tenchi Muyo: Darkest Hell" by ruby@pa.net I couldn't read this series
all at once. I had to space other Tenchi stories in between chapters to
keep myself from being consumed by this fic. A great story.
"Breakfast In Bed" by Steven Laird. This is a new story and I recommend
it for everyone. I liked it a lot.
"The Mihoshi Incident" by Doppelganger. This Tenchi Muyo/Star Trek NG
crossover is very good.
"Tenchi Muyo: Ryoko's Love" by Long T. Tran. Please, please Tran, write
some more chapters in this series. I really, really like it.
"The Gentle Sound of Thunder" by BGlanders. All of the stories by
BGlanders are great and this is an excellent example. A very sad story
and it influenced me a lot in my depiction of Ayeka.
"Tenchi Muyo: Mother's Day" by Ryan Mathews. A very good writer, this
story is one of my favorite Washu tales.
"Kongo no Tenchi Muyo" by Hakubi Ryouko. An excellent story.
"Surprises All Around" by Jamie Jeans. Will you please write another
chapter Jamie? I like 	your SI character.
"A Change of State" by Matthew Smith. I'm currently rereading this
story. It's one of my favorites because of his portrayal of Sasami.
"Darkness & Light" by Zyrean. The best Kiyone/tall dark stranger series
out there.
"Heaven and Eternity" by K'thardin. You don't need to do a rewrite
K'thardin, I love the original. I just wish you continued the squeal.
"Aikan Muyo" by Happosai. The best Tenchi lemon out there. It had a
huge influence on my writing style.
"Confess To You" by Literary Eagle. Everything that comes out of this
lovely lady's pen is great but Confess to You is a prime example of her
skill. I add my voice to K'thardin and say Please finish it!
"No Need For Sasami" by Michael McAvoy. A part of Long T. Tran's Ryoko
Love's 	universe, it was this series that got me hooked on reading
Tenchi fan fiction. Keep up the good work McAvoy.
"Blood Red Moon" by Platinum Dragon. This series and its squeals are
great.
"Two Guys, A Girl, And A Giant Lizard" and "Destiny's Balance" by Tomas
"009"Doscher. This is probably Doscher's best work.
All of these stories can be found at GenSao's Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction
Archive at http://tmffa.com.

