Summer Days Will Pass Away: 
A Tenchi/Sailor Moon Crossover by MagicSerebii
CHAPTER ONE: New Friends, New Rivals

Tenchi climbed the stairs of the Masaki household. Today was the day his
friend Mamoru and his friends would arrive from Tokyo, and he wanted to
remind the girls of it. Ayeka would be no problem, once she heard so many
people would be coming, but Ryoko was another story. He sighed and dragged
his feet, wondering how Ryoko would react to some new people in his house.
There were a lot of girls coming, he realized, with a sick feeling, and
tallied up his count of girls in the house to twelve.

As soon as she heard him coming, Ryoko bounded out of Ayeka's room and
wrapped her arms around Tenchi's neck. "Ooh, Tenchi, so good to see you!"
she squealed.

"I was just here an hour ago, Ryoko," Tenchi said in a dead sort of voice.
"You don't have to take my head off every time you see me."

"Why hello, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka said, coming from the same room. She eyed
Ryoko suspiciously, but still tried to look as pleasant as possible.

" I have something to tell you girls, " said Tenchi, "Just to warn you. You
know our guests from Tokyo are coming today, right?"

Ayeka nodded, curious. "Yes, your friend Mamoru and his party. What about
them?"

Tenchi swallowed hard. Time to drop the bomb. "Um.. um..." his confidence
suddenly left him and he grinned sheepishly. "... just wanted to remind you
that they were, you know, coming today."

Ryoko shrugged and floated off to torment Ryo-oh-ki, but Ayeka frowned at
him. "Tenchi, is there something you are not telling me?"

Tenchi scratched his head nervously. He should have known Ayeka wouldn't
fall for this. "Well...  I was going to tell you that... well, most of
thepeopleMamoruarebringingwithhimaregirls." He waited for her to blow up.

Ayeka just looked at him. There seemed to be a rough edge to her voice.
"What age are the girls?"

Tenchi sighed. A loophole. There was a loophole. "Don't worry, a few years
younger," he said. Ayeka smiled. "Well, that's good."
There was no way Tenchi would be interested in younger girls.

"And there's also a girl about Sasami's age for her to play with."

Ayeka gasped. "Oh, really! How wonderful! I will tell her right now!" She
disappeared down the stairs.

Tenchi sighed. "I'm glad that's over." He followed her. Mamoru would be
arriving in about fifteen minutes.

                                   ~~~~~~

"Minako, wake up! We're almost there!"

Minako awoke from slumber and sat up. Chibi-Usa was tapping her on her
forehead. Seeing the blonde-haired girl was awake, she sat back and called
to Mamoru at the front of the taxi. "Minako is awake now."

Mamoru laughed. "That's good. The house is just coming into view now."

All of the girls trampled Usagi as they crowded for a look at their new
temporary home. It was a large, comfortable-looking Japanese house, with a
shrine, Rei noticed, up along the mountain. But the rest of the girls
weren't looking at the house, they were looking at the people in front of
it. One, a woman with spiky long spiky blue hair, was floating impatiently
up and down, making loud requests that they couldn't quite hear of a boy, a
few years younger than Mamoru, with black hair. There was another woman,
with long purple hair, that was talking to a smaller girl, near Chibi-Usa's
age, with long blue hair in pigtails. Two women, one with blonde hair in a
high ponytail, tanned skin, and bright blue eyes, and another, with long
blue hair held back with an orange headband, who appeared to be yelling at
the blonde-haired one. And finally, what looked like a kid, a bit older than
Chibi-Usa, with long pink hair, that was typing on an energy-computer. Ami
made a mental note to ask her about it as they pulled up to the house.

Ryoko studied Mamoru as he got out of the car. "Not bad. Not bad at all. He
couldn't stand up against my Tenchi, though."

"Hey! What are you doing insulting my boyfriend?"

Ryoko smirked at Usagi, who had suddenly appeared in front of  her, seething
with anger. "You're his boyfriend? Little squirt."

"Ryoko, I think we should introduce ourselves," Ayeka said quietly. When
Ryoko looked questioningly at her, she winked. Ryoko caught on and smiled
evilly at Usagi. "You're so right, Ayeka. I think we should." She cleared
her throat. "I am the space pirate Ryoko. I am wanted throughout the galaxy
for treachery and vandalism."

Tenchi frowned at them. "Come on, guys, these are our friends-"

Ayeka cut him off. "I am Princess Ayeka of the planet Jurai."

Sasami smiled at the guests. "I am also a Princess of the planet Jurai. My
name is Sasami, and I'm Ayeka's little sister!"

"I am First-Class Detective Mihoshi, of the Galaxy Police!"

"I am Detective Kyone of the Galaxy Police, and Mihoshi is (unfortunately)
my partner!"

Washu shut off the computer and walked over to the girls and Mamoru. Ami
noticed that she was speaking almost directly to her. "I am mad scientist
Washu, and I was imprisoned here for the last 700 years." Her serious face
suddenly turned mischievous and Tenchi groaned. "But you can call me Wittle
Washu!"

"My name is Usagi Tsukino," Usagi said, holding her hand out to Ryoko.

"And my name is Ami Mizuno," said Ami to Washu. "Your energy-computer is
really quite amazing."

"Thank you," Washu replied. It's really quite simple. You seem to like
computers, so I'll teach you." Ami followed Washu into the house.

Ryoko was still looking at Usagi's hand. "Wh-wh-" she sputtered, shocked.

"My name is Rei Hino," Rei said to Kyone. "I was wanting to meet you. You
look like a nice person. Do you want to go out for some pizzas later?"

"Sure!" Kyone said, grateful. "Anything to get away from Mihoshi..."

"I'm Makoto," Makoto greeted Mihoshi. " Rei seems to have gone off with your
pal Kyone."

Mihoshi sniffed. "I know! Isn't she so mean! She's left me all by myself!"

Makoto laughed. "I have an idea! Why don't we go to the pizza place at the
same time as them... " Makoto relayed the rest of her plan to Mihoshi in a
whisper. Mihoshi giggled, and agreed...

"You are Ayeka, the Princess?"

Ayeka was startled out of her trance by Minako's voice. "Uh, yes, I am, "
she said quickly, feeling stupid. "And you are?"

"Minako. Minako Aino." she grinned at Ayeka. "Me and Usagi do that all the
time. I can call it daydreaming, but Rei calls it spacing out. "

Ayeka laughed. "It seems Ryoko is doing just that right now."

Ryoko was still staring at Usagi's hand, and the latter was getting
extremely ticked. "HEY!" she finally shouted. "What IS your problem? You've
been staring at my hand for the last five minutes!"

"You-you're not surprised?" Ryoko stuttered. Usagi blanked, then grinned. "I
guess not. Let's just say- we're used to it." Before Ryoko could ask another
question, Rei and Kyone, who had taken a walk across the field, came over,
panting slightly. "H-hey," Rei gasped. "God, that field is big. Got me out
of breath just by running across it." she straightened. "You guys wanna go
to the pizza place with me and Kyone?"

"Sure!" Usagi shouted. "I'm STARVED!!! How many toppings can you get on a
pizza here, huh, Ryoko? I'm so hungry I could eat a horse-"

Ryoko was slightly taken aback by the way these people were treating her.
Like a friend. They had only known her for a few minutes and she was already
part of the group. She decided she liked the feeling.

"Uh, excuse me," she said, raising her voice slightly over Usagi's whining,
"If you guys want pizza with no limits and no pay-" Usagi stopped griping
abruptly- " Sasami makes the best pizza!"

All eyes turned to the little blue-haired princess. She and Chibi-Usa were
playing on the porch, and were introducing Ryo-oh-ki and Diana, Chibi-Usa's
kitten. Sasami looked up, annoyed, and said "Ryoko, I've never made pizza
before!"

Everyone looked at Ryoko, including Tenchi and Mamoru. Ayeka looked like she
was trying not to laugh.

Ryoko sighed. "You people expect too much of me." She pulled a folded sheet
of paper out of a nonexistent pocket in her dress, disappeared, and
reappeared in front of Sasami. "Here," she said. "Use this." She disappeared
one final time, coming to a rest in her original spot, next to Usagi, who
was looking at Ryoko in disbelief. " I didn't know you could do that!"

Ryoko smiled. "Have you ever met a space pirate?"

I've met evil Queens bent on taking over the world, and mad youmas made out
of the most ridiculous things, but no, no space pirates, Usagi thought, and
suddenly had a terrible urge to tell her newfound friends of her powers as
Sailor Moon, just to prove to them that she wasn't normal and boring, but
different, like them. She waited for it to pass, and pass it did. She
answered Ryoko with just a simple "No."

"That's why, then," Ryoko replied, skipping nimbly over to Tenchi and
jumping into his arms. "Now, Tenchi," she cooed, "Why don't we tell our new
friends about the love we share?"

Makoto groaned. "Oh, man. She's even worse than Usagi with Mamoru!"

"Except ONE difference!" Ayeka shouted, running over to Tenchi and grabbing
him in a fierce grip. "They are NOT boyfriend and girlfriend! Tenchi is
mine!"

"No he is most certainly NOT!" yelled Ryoko, hugging Tenchi even more
tightly. Tenchi moaned softly as his face began to turn a light purple.
Mamoru looked like he was stifling a laugh.

Kyone sighed. "Here we go again!"

"Let go of Tenchi!"

"Tenchi is MINE!"

"I said, LET GO OF HIM!"

"All right, but only so we can settle this properly!" Ryoko hopped out of
Tenchi's arms and grinned wickedly at Ayeka, who was still clinging to
Tenchi. "I'd get away from Tenchi if I were you, Miss Princess, or I just
might have to fire!

I'm so scared," Ayeka said coolly. She separated from Tenchi, leaving him in
an exhausted heap on the ground, and quickly snapped into her authoritave
mode. "Asaka! Kamidake!"

The two Juraian Guardians suddenly appeared. "Yes, Princess Ayeka?" they
asked in unison.

Ayeka pointed at Ryoko. "Get that demon!"

"Yes, ma'am." Asaka and Kamidake began attacking Ryoko simultaneously.

Ryoko was hit a few times, but she refused to cry out. Ayeka smiled,
enjoying it, until one of Ryoko's energy lances found her. Emitting a loud
"OUCH!", Ayeka began to whimper.

Ryoko laughed. "Had enough, princess?"

Ayeka growled low in her throat. "Not yet. Asaka! Kamidake! HARDER!"

"Yes ma'am," said Kamidake. To Ryoko, he said, "We're sorry, Ryoko. But we
have orders."

"TELL ME YOU'RE SORRY WHEN YOU'RE NOT FRYING ME!" Ryoko yelled, dodging one
of Asaka's energy beams.

Chibi-Usa turned to Sasami, her face reading disgust. "Do they always do
that?"

Sasami sighed. "Yep." she winked at Chibi-Usa. "I can end it if I want to."

Chibi-Usa sighed. "Wow. You must have a lot of power to do that."

Sasami grinned. "Not really. Just watch," She walked over to a singed and
tired Tenchi. Kneeling by him, she voiced her concern. "Tenchi, are you all
right?"

Tenchi sighed. "At least someone cares about me. Thank you, Sasami. I think
I just need lots of rest."

Sasami helped Tenchi up. "Come on," she said. "I'll just go work on this
pizza recipe Ryoko gave me after we get you settled."

Ayeka heard her.

"SASAMI!" She looked up at te battling space pirate. "Ryoko, Sasami is with
Tenchi!"

Ryoko stopped fighting abruptly. "SASAMI!" she called, flying into the house
"SASAMI! You leave Tenchi alone, you hear?" Ayeka followed her, yelling
similar threats.

Rei sighed. "Geez, they fight worse than me and Usagi!"

                                   ~~~~~~

Katsuhito was coming down from the shrine when he heard voices. "Ah,
Tenchi's guests must be here," he said aloud. "Let me see... they look about
fifteen. Ah, Tenchi is becoming quite one for the girls." He sighed and
continued on down the steps.

                                   ~~~~~~

Ryoko and Ayeka could not find Tenchi anywhere in the house. They called his
name over and over again,  getting  more and more frantic with every shout.

"TENCHI!!!!!!!!" Ryoko called. "Hey, Tenchi, where are you??"

Ayeka had taken a different approach.

"SASAMI! You sniveling, backsliding little sister of mine! SASAMI!" Ayeka
had never before called her little sister such things before, but she was
getting very desperate. "SASAMI!"


Ryoko was floating up a hallway when she heard Tenchi's voice. "This REALLY
isn't a good idea, I-"

"TENCHI!" Ryoko cried, floating into the room it was coming from. "You-" she
cut herself off, staring in shock. "You- you-"

Usagi grinned wickedly. "Tenchi was just SOOOO cute, I just couldn't
resist."

Ryoko grabbed her by the arm. "You have your own boyfriend! How would he
feel about putting the moves on MY Tenchi?"

Usagi stuck out her tongue at Ryoko. "He's used to it! NYYAAAHHHH!!!!"

Mamoru walked into the room at presisely the wrong time."Hey, Tenchi, Ayeka
told me you were missing- oh, good God."

"Help me!" Tenchi squeaked.

Ryoko turned, saw Mamoru, wrapped her arms around him. "Well, HELLO, Mamoru!
You're awfully cute... can't imagine what I was thinking..."

"RYOKO!!!" Usagi thundered.

Mamoru sighed. "Tenchi, how do you edure this every single day?"

"I get used to it." Usagi let go of Tenchi and started shouting incoherently
at Ryoko. Ryoko did the same, and had to think she was mildly impressed.
This girl knew how to scream.

"I have an idea," Mamoru shouted over the racket. "Why don't we go
downstairs and get some of Sasami's pizza?"

"I have no clue what you just said," Tenchi replied, his eye twitching, "But
somehow I want to do it!"

The two black-haired young men slipped out of the room, visions of pizza
dancing in their eyes.


