Pierre-Luc Louis-Jacques (bmslam2002@aol.com)
Crossover Division
Super Tenchi Mario - Part 6: Attacking the Main Evils
Kagato and Bowser are about to be attacked at the Koopa Castle!

When the heroes reach the castle, Mario tries to open the door. Then,
suddenly, a mysterious voice asks what the reason is to enter the castle.

"I'd like to have the King Koopa and his partner sign a contract telling
them
that they can take over the Mushroom Kingdom," said Tenchi.

"Fine," said the voice. "You may enter."

The gates went up, and the grouip entered. The Thwomp and Bob-Omb guards had
no idea that Mario and friends came to rescue Peacha and Ayeka and defeat
Kagato and Bowser, so the gates opened through each straightaway in the
hall.
When they got out of the castle hall, the heroes led by Mario went into the
Throne room, in a hidden-from-MK64 location when a wall range became wider,
just before a turn to the third bridge. They had reached the throne room.
Suddenly, Kagato and Boiwser came out.

"Bowser, you are going to lose once again!" said Mario.

"Yeah!" said Luigi. "And you as well, Kagato! You are a loser like your
partner!"

"You're even worse than I was at villainy before I retired!" said Yugi,
using
modified version of her life's recap.

Kagato sarted laughing maliciously. Then, the fight started on.

Tenchi immediately took out his Lightsword Tenchi-Ken. He attacked the
supposedly slow King of the Koopas. Bowser got into his shell and was able
to
spin himself right out of the way of the deadly sword. Kagato then came up
and punched Tenchi. Then, Luigi got a Super Star, making Bowser and Kagato
run like chickens before the power was disintegrated. When Luigi finally
caught them, the power ran out and Bowser swung at him with his claws,
taking
Mario's green-wear brother out. Mario then came towards Kagato and puched
him, but it only caused him minor damage.

Here are the energy lost levels so far:

Evil Villains
Kagato          12%

Heroes
Tenchi          29%
Luigi               15%

Now, Sakuya, with the Seven-Gem Sword, dashes at Kagato with great agility
and speed. Then, using the sword she cus him in two. But it only increases
his damaged level to 97%, leaving him in superior pain! Ryoko comes up and
punches him when he comes back together, making him explode in the land of
the evil dead!

Bowser, realizing that he is alone, gose on full arsenal with his 8'10",
675-pound Koopa body. He uses his fire-breathing ability on the former Space
Pirate, and man, she is scorched, especially her clothing! Then, Yugi comes
in an enragerd mood over the burning of her ally and along with Misuki,
comes
attacking Bowser. He turned his back and made both girls head their fists
towards a spike on his shell. But instead of the hands bleeding or hurting
badly, the spike is destroyed! In fact, thoser punches took out the entire
shell! Without his shell, he was nothing. Damage meters, everybody!

Evil Villains
Kagato          100% (Destroyed!)
Bowser          39% (Without Shell!)

Heroes
Tenchi          29%
Luigi               15%
Ryoko               48%

Suddenly, Toad came up to Bowser and banged his head onto him, causing the
king of koopas to get 50% damage! Then, with another headbang (especially
with his Shroom hat) he knocked King Koopa destroyed!

Then, a great yellow powerful star came out, and Mario grabbed it. Then, the
crew went back outside to Peach and Ayeka. Suddenly, the star went out of
Mario's pocket and onto the golden prison cell, causing the two princess
friends to be free, and the cell to be opened! Then, Tenchi used his
transportation device to transport everyone to the castle.

"I guess now we have to bid farewell," said Yugi. "After this tiring
adventure, we sure could use some rest."

"Well, thank you very much for rewscuing us," said the two now free
princesses. Then, they turned to each other.

"Princess Peach Toadstool, I guess it's goodbye for now," said Ayeka. "I
hope
we see each other again."

"Yeah, I guess so," said Peach. "It was nice to meet a friend who
experienced
the troubles of royalty with me and before me."

"Looks like we have to go now," said Tenchi. "Mario, Luigi, please. Take
care
in your lives, all right?"

"Right," said the brothers, with their two others watching. Wario and
Waluigi
quickly left, planning to surprise their brothers. Or were they brothers?
Not
even cl-lose. Wario was Mario's alter ego and Waluigi was Luigi's alter ego.
They were actually alter ego characters.

"Greatness galore!" said Peach. "I forgot to call Daisy about our tenis
match
tomorrow!"

"Tennis? Daisy?" asked Ayeka. "Who's this Daisy you speak of?"

"Another princess," said Peach. "But she's that of Sarasa Land. A friend of
mine. Luigi's in love with her."

Ayeka then looked at Luigi in a gobsmacked manner. She didn't know he was in
love at all, and not with another princess besides Peach!

Well, we'll see what happens later on! I haven't thought up the name for the
next chapter, which is #7. Anyways, stay very tuned for the next chap!
