Disclaimer's Notice: I don't own the Tenchi or Mario series. I'm basically writing this fanfic for the
sole purpose of entertainment, fun, and above all, to tell you about Tenchi's experience in the
Mushroom Kingdom. Another thing: Sakuya and Yugi live in the shrine as well as those who originally do.
There's also Misuki, the green-haired, green-eyed girl that looks like Sasami and was created by Misuki
in the Tenchi Muyo game, which I do not own, either.

Tenchi woke up in the morning with Ryoko right in his face. He immediately let out a scream. While
Ryoko started seducing Tenchi, Yugi, Sakuya and Washu were coming up.


They came in, saw Ryoko and said, "What in the world do you think 

   you're doing!?"



Ryoko said, "Trying to seduce Tenchi."

Washu said, "Didn't I say no 

   seducing Tenchi in the shrine? Didn't I say a different penalty comes every time?"



Ryoko said, "So what? I love Tenchi, and what's the point of not 

   seducing him."



Washu said, "In the art of love, you do need to give the person you're 

   after some space, you know."



Ryoko retaliated by walking up to Washu. They were directly face to 

   face. Then, Ryoko said, What do you think you're saying? Will you please get to the point, Washu?"



Washu replied, "Here's the point. You need to give Tenchi space."

Ayeka, Kiyone and Mihoshi came up, and Washu simply contined by 

   saying, "The penalty for seducing Tenchi, Ryoko, is that for 11 days, you will not step into my lab,
   step into Tenchi's room, sleep anywhere besides your Tenchi Muyo inprisonment cave, or eat."



Ryoko was heartbroken. She went outside and wept really hard. During 

   her weeps, she said, "Where could I sleep in that cave? Why do I have to fast? What's the matter
   with entering Washu and Tenchi's rooms?"



Washu heard the last one and teleported up to Ryoko. Washu said, 

   "What's the matter with you, Ryoko. First, you're happy, now you're really sad in a minute after the
   penalty. I heard the last question. When you seduced Tenchi, you were in his room. And I don't want
   you coming into my lab and attacking me, either. Understand?"


A really blue Ryoko you haven't seen since she saw Sakuya and Tenchi 

   kiss at that party in Tenchi In Tokyo, which is coming to Toonami soon since Tenchi Universe is in
   the second half, teleported far away from the shrine. After the eleven days were over, Ryoko took
   something that she found, called the Mushroom Kingdom Transport Pipe. She took off the toilet at the
   Shrine house and put the pipe in there. It was the size of a regular pipe in Mario 64. She
   immediately set the link to transport anything that goes in it into the Mushroom Kingdom. Tenchi
   went into the bathroom and saw the 'green toilet.' He screamed, and Washu and company came up to the
   restroom. She found out what it was. Suddenly, Sasami and Misuki announced that breakfast was ready.
   They all came down, and Washu spotted Ryoko coming to get a seat.



Washu almost yelled, "You're not supposed to eat, remember?"

Ryoko 

   said, "Washu, you don't remember. You set that penalty exactly at the required period of eleven days
   ago."



Yugi finished quickly, and Tenchi said, "Wow, Yugi. You really like to 

   eat."



Yugi answered, "It's not that. I'm finishing quickly so I can check up on 

   Ryoko."



Ryoko herself heard this and said, "WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT!?" 

Yugi said, "You are the most suspicious character in this house."


   After breakfast, some stranger said that Ryoko stole their Mushroom pipe. Ryoko was penalized again
   that she would be in her room for 2 days, thanks to Sakuya, Ayeka and the two First-Class Detectives
   of the Galaxy Police Force.



Tenchi came out and said, "Are you the owner of that Mushroom 

   Kingdom Transport Pipe slipped into our home by Ryoko, sir?" He was talking to the stranger, who
   replied, "Yes. But if you promise to keep her under guard, you can keep it."



Tenchi said, "Well, I don't really want it, but what does it do?" Washu 

   came outside and answered, "It sets a link to anywhere set by someone, and the transporter link
   takes the person who goes into the pipe to that link.

   After Ryoko's suspension, Washu came and said, "You can come out now, Ryoko. We're going into the
   pipe."

   As soon as Ryoko, Washu and the others went into the pipe, they saw a tall castle in a beautiful
   land.



Ayeka said, "Wait a minute. I've seen the Mario 64 game cartridge 

   before and that castle was shown from far away. I think the Wing Cap was Mario's. He must be the one
   flying like that."



Tenchi was surprised, and he said, "You know his name!?"

Ayeka said, 

   "Of course, Tenchi. As you should know, I saw who you bumped into when you came home 2 hours late
   after errands, and it was Mario, right? I hear he has a brother named Luigi."



Washu said, "Are you doing Super Mario/Mushroom Kingdom research on 

   my computer, Ayeka?"



Ayeka was shame-blushing while she said, "What are you talking about? 

   I did research from Jurai's Royal Family Planetarium book."



Washu said, "There's no such thing, and you're blushing in your shame!"



   The people walked in. Yosho and Nobuyiki were out doing service all over Okayama and they wouldn't
   come back for a year. Sakuya and Tenchi led the way to the door. Mario and Luigi answered the door,
   saw Tenchi, and let him and his girls in.

   Tenchi explained how they got to the Kingdom, even to the point that Ryoko slipped the pipe in.
   Peach let the Masaki Shrine inhabitants into the Castle and gave them a reservation. Suddenly,
   Kagato and Bowser stepped in front of the castle and started laughing evilly from Bowser's Koopa
   Ship.

   That's the end of Part 1. Part 2 will come later. And do you mind if I give you a hint about Part 2?
   I'll give it to you in a Tenchi-like preview of the next episode.

   In the preview, Tenchi says, "Hi there, this is Tenchi Masaki, and we have a good time at the
   Mushroom Kingdom Castle until Kagato and King Bowser Koopa step up to invade the kingdom itself by
   capturing Peach and her new friend, Ayeka!"



"And it's up to us to destroy their reign of terror before it 

   begins," next adds Mario. "Coming up next, it's Super Tenchi Mario - Part 2: Another Battle Versus
   Evil."



"It's unquestionably evil," lastly mentions Sakuya. "Well, stay tuned."



P.S.-Please excuse any blue or green or whatever color it shows up as in your mail. I quoted this from
the incorrect version and/or some version that I mailed to you, but you couldn't receive, thanks to the
site getting too much transfer. Don't put any of the P.S. or the lines into the chapter post, please? 