Back at Koopa Castle, Kagato and Bowser have captured two direct crown princesses and enjailed them
with the green thwomp. who was watching them so they couldn't escape. Peach began speaking, "Ayeka,
what do you make of this?"

"I don't know," Ayeka replied. "Let's just hope Tenchi and the others can find us."

"What you mean is," Peach respoke, "Mario and the others will find us."

"Look!" Ayeka yelled. "Let's not get into an argument, okay? Let's compromise this by saying Mario,
Tenchi and the others will find us!"

"Do you have to scream?" Peach asked.

Ayeka sighed to get this over with.

Meanwhile, Sasami and Misuki were fuming mad over this. Ryoko felt like plasma-beaming a hole into
Kagato. Luigi had called back home to get Wario and Waluigi, two more brothers, to help.

In three hours, Wario and Waluigi showed up at the castle. Then, using some magical abilities, Bowser
warped Mario, Luigi, Toad, Tenchi, Ryoko, Sasami, Misuki, Yugi, Sakuya, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Washu into
a strange martial-arts-like ring. There were fifty bob-ombs on the other side. These bob-ombs are black
bombs with eyes, feet, and a fuse top. They could act on their own. Then, the bombs started running
towards our heroes, when Sakuya suddenly drew out her newest prized possession, the seven gem sword and
used it to cut six of those bombs in half. Yet, they were still outnumbered forty-four to twelve. Toad
then ate a POWER MUSHROOM (the kind of mushroom that doubles your size [height and weight]) and kicked
30 of the bob-ombs out. Tenchi used his newest ability, which was to turn into the legendary Super
Jurain. Then, he swept the Sword Tenchi into all 14 remaining bob-ombs. Suddenly, two more,
bigger-sized bob-ombs appeared. The bob-omb was purple as Waluigi's cap, and had 5 balls red as Mario's
cap. There was one ball at the top. Two of them were elbows, and 2 were hands. The feet were replaced
by some kind of device that drills to move the Bob-Omb, which was called the Chuckya Bob-Omb, as it was
two-times the size of an ordinary bob-omb. The other one was black, had yellow arms and feet, and had
two blue balls serving as hands. It was the King of the Bob-Ombs! It was 3 times the size of a regular
bob-omb.

Mario and Luigi knew how to beat them. The Chuckya dashed at Luigi, but he moved away, and it had to
get its balance using 1 second, which was too much, as Luigi could already pick up its back, as Mario
also did with the very slow King of the Bob-Ombs. Mario and Luigi Took their huge carryings and placed
them right at different edge of the ring. Then, they threw the bombs out of the ring, and they
exploded. Then, some fifty goombas came falling down. I'll explain how they look in Chapter 4 comes.

This concludes Chapter 3, thank you very much.

To tip off the preview, Sakuya says, "Hi, everyone! I'm Sakuya, a proud member of the Tenchi Muyo cast.
In the next episode, Bowser and Kagato send their nifty fifty goombas to hold us up."

"Coming up next," Tenchi adds, "it's Super Tenchi Mario - Part 4: The Evil Brown Mushrooms."

"PLEASE HELP US!" screams Ayeka. "Ahem...sorry. It's unquestionably brown and icky over there."

"Let me warn you people," finishes Peach, "that you won't get away with hating this." 