"What do we do now?" Tenchi asked.

"We stomp these goombas with our feet," Mario answered. "And to the
audience: These goombas have two teeth sticking out. They are brown skinned
and are very little mushroom-shaped creatures."

Sasami came out and jumped 25 of the unsuspecting goombas as they were
making battle plans.  There were only 25 left, and Misuki used her GREEN
WAVE attack, which actually is a green energy wave, and it's slightly
faster, twice as wide, and twice as powerful as Ryoko's PLASMA BEAM attack.
16 goombas were destroyed by the GREEN WAVE's most recent performance. And,
oh, what a hot dog was next. The 9 remaining goombas were charging at our
heroes, but got stomped, one by each hero except for Tenchi, Mario and
Luigi. Wario and Waluigi were not even warped in yet, so how could they
count!? Then, a gigantic goomba appeared from the air above into the ring.
The giant goomba's size was twice the ordinary goomba.

"Whoa!" Sasami screamed as she got rammed by the goomba into a wall outside
of the ring. That was repeated on Tenchi, and Sakuya in anger that her best
friend and her love ambition had been knocked down, had slashed it in half
with the sword I remember telling you she earned as a prized possession. The
bottom of the goomba just grew a new top.

"What is this thing!?" she screamed in surprise. 50 million people can read
this and tell that she was scared.

Mihoshi screamed, and Kiyone shot the gun at the goomba. The hole it left
just grew right back. The goomba then made another charge, this one headed
towards Toad. The "human with a Mushroom's top hat" could not get away.
Mario yelled out Toad's name in worry after a gasp. Luigi then solved the
problem, we think, by jumping over the goomba and stomping on it. The Goomba
Gigantic was destroyed! What a sight for sore eyes! At least Luigi thought
so. But it went out of its flat position and got back up. Sakuya went to
jump on it, and it grew back again. Mario came and gave it a third jumping,
and it STILL grew back up. Misuki tried the GREENWAVE, and the Goomba
Gigantic was torn in half. But the bottom grew another top.

"What is this thing?" Yugi asked.

"What do you think, Yugi?" Ryoko replied. "It's a giant goomba!"

With that, Ryoko drew out her Plasma Sword and slashed the goomba in half.
The bottom was still able to regenerate another top. Then, the gooimba
charged at Ryoko.

At the Koopa Castle, Ayeka and Peach were desperately trying to find a way
out of Bowser's golden jail cell, but found no luck, especially with the
Green Thwomp watching.

Mario stomped the goomba so it didn't hit Ryoko and cause another possible
casualty. But it still grew back up. Then, a mysterious figure had leaped
down over the goomba and finally flattened it to an explosion after a
minute. Then, she revealed herself as none other than the inevitable
helper.....

NAGO THE BOUNTY HUNTER!

"Thanks a lot, Nagi." Ryoko answered.

"No problem," Nagi replied. "It's always a pleasur being on the good side,
you know. And hey, to everyone, character or audience, that's thinking,
'Shouldn't Nagi be evil?' right now? I quit, realizing that I was doing
wrong. I' still a bounty hunter, but now, the bounty i evil plans. I've
found this one and decided to delete it from the face of the earth. Hey, you
guys want to give me a few days at the shrine, after this?"

"Yup," Sasami answered after getting back up. "I remember when you called me
a professional. And I am. Not to brag, everybody agrees with me."

"Well, I better leave. Bye."

With that, Nagi just disappeared.

To begin the preview of the next "episode", Peach begins, "Hello. I'm the
royal Mushroom princess Peach Toadstool, a member of the Super Mario cast.
I've been locked in prison! I can't believe it! Meanwhile, on the field,
some 30 blue stone-headed creatures fall down floating!"

"Coming up next," continues Washu, "it's Super Tenchi Mario - Part 5: Pound
the Thwomp Soldiers."

"It's unquestionably a rock," concludes Yugi. "Please wait up, everybody!"

Please note that my E-mail address will change on the 28th, which is 2 days
from the time in which I sent this mail to GenSao. So, please do not mail me
for commenting on this fic until I make a notification of my E-mail change.
