Pierre-Luc Louis-Jacques (bmslam2002@aol.com)
Crossover Division
Super Tenchi Mario - Part 5: Pound the Thwompish Army
The Thwomps are here! Sorry I haven't been able to update for such a long
time, but I'm back, and so is my fanfic!

Sorry that I've been gone so long and I haven't made one update! Anyways, my
address has changed, and I think it's time to continue, people!

Well, here goes.

The 30 Thwomps (I think) started attacking, but Ryoko used her plasma beam
to
destroy a line of six of them. Suddenly, a green thwomp and a giant thwomp
came forward and stomped Ryoko! The green one had incredible speed, and the
giant one had incredible power. Ryoko didn't stand a chance! Suddenly, Luigi
takes out a Super Star and activates its power to go to him. He was
constantly changing color like the rainbow. He was faster, and invincible!
Luigi was able to destroy the Thwomps, but the only 2 whom he left were one
gigantic sky blue and one regular-sized green. The giant Thwomp is the size
of one from Super Mario 64, and the regular sized Thwomps (including the
green one with incredible speed) are the size of a Thwomp from Mario Kart
64.

At the Koopa Castle (Mario Kart 64 version with my modifications as I know
it) there were Bowser and Kagato, with the two princesses, Peach Toadstool
and Ayeka Jurai, captive in the jail cell where the green Thwomp once was.

"How do we get out of here?" asked Ayeka.

"I don't know," asked Peach.

"Hmmm...." said Ayeka. "The others are being confronted by thirty evil
rocks,
and one of them is green. The other 29 are sky blue. The green one is much
faster, and the one that's gigantic compared to the others is much more
powerful. The color of most of them is sky blue, and the size of most of
them
is half the size of the big one."

"The Thwomps," said Peach. "I know them. We have to get through with some
help."

"Don't worry," said Ayeka. "I'm sure our friends will find us. Especially
the
ones whom we're in love with."

"Good," said Peach. The two of them prayed hopefully all this time, thinking
that their freedom is imminent.

Back over in the martial arts ring,

Mario had a hard time taking out the Thwomps, even with the help of the
others. Tenchi took out his sword, and slashed the green Thwomp to oblivion.
No, he didn't, since the green Thwomp, who was extremely fast, got away.
Tenchi charged at the green Thwomp, and he missed. He charged again, but he
missed again. Here's the funny thing: The green Thwomp went right near the
gigantic Thwomp. Tenchi charged again, and then, he missed the green Thwomp
again, but he struck the gigantic Thwomp AND he tore apart Mario's cap!

Seeing one part of the cap fall down while there was still part of it on,
Mario was angry. He had a huge frown looking at Tenchi, but then thanks to
some mysterious power, the front part of the cap got right back where it was
and in perfect shape. Yugi had restored it! Yugi throws a great energy beam
at the green Thwomp. He had dashed away from it, but he dashed back, having
him destroyed!

"Whew!" said Yugi. "What a headache!"

"Well, I think they ran out of armies," said Tenchi.

The gang got teleported back to the Mushroom Kingdom Castle.

At the Koopa Kingdom Castle,

"Damn!" said Bowser. "They can get us now!"

"They're headed for us!" said Kagato. "We have to stay on guard!"

"Right!" said Bowser. "As for Princess Toadstool and Princess Jurai, you
will
stay captured forever!"

I don't like the sound of that! Hopefully we get away!

Here's the preview.

"Hello, everyone," began Mario. "My name is Mario Mario, and I am a proud
member of the Super Mario cast. In the next episode, we are headed for the
greatest two jobs of our lives, combined! Rescuing Ayeka and Peach from
Kagato and Bowser! And we're headed for the Koopa Kingdom Castle! Bowser,
you
better look out! Here we come!"

"Coming up next," said Luigi, "we're going to star in Super Tenchi Mario -
Part 6: Attacking the Main Evils."

"Keep yourselves tuned for the next episode!" said Misuki. "Goodbye,
everyone! Please wait for us!"
