Ryoko is Supergirl (part 2) by Justin Felder
(attitude29018@hotmail.com)

Disclaimer:  Tenchi Masaki and all related characters (Ryoko, Ayeka,
etc.) are from the Anime series "Tenchi Muyo!" created by Masaki
Kajishima and AIC, distributed to the US by Pioneer LDC.  Superman and
all related indicia are trademarks of DC Comics, Inc.  An AOL Time
Warner company.  I, Justin Christopher Wesley Felder, do not declare
ownership of these characters, which defers me from all legal suits (I
hope).
Thank you to Thomas "009" Doscher for creating the terminology
"holotop" for Washu's computer thing.  I've heard others, but that
one's my favorite.  Oh, and thanks also for the idea of the process
Washu uses to create simulations.



	"Roll the tape again," Tsunami told the woman standing next to
her.  He played the tape again, going over the instances of the other
day when Supergirl attempted to stop the robbers at the bank.  "Stop it
there," she said.
	As the third richest person in the world with a company that
produces a net worth of about $250,000,000,000 a year and a salary of
about $50,000,000 per year, to say Tsunami was powerful would be an
understatement.  She practically owned Metropolis.  Tsunami had every
citizen wrapped around her finger with fake "goody two shoes" schemes
like sponsoring charities as mere fronts for her real base of
operations:  getting rid of Supergirl (in case you haven't noticed,
she's the Lex Luthor of the story).
	Tsunami examined the rock in one the safe deposit box that the
robber had opened the moment Supergirl fell to the ground.  Thought the
fact that the video was black and white prevented her from determining
exactly what color it was.  But she had a distinct look at the rock all
the same.  She leaned back in her plush leather chair and crossed her legs.
	"It's apparent that this rock somehow weakens Supergirl," she muttered
under her breath.  "Fortunately that's one of my banks.  Mercy!  Set up
the limo.  We're headed for one of my banks."

	Ayeka and Tenchi laughed as they sat on the park bench, talking
with each other and enjoying hot dogs for the first time.  Sure, it was
a simulation, but everything seemed to be realistic.
Ryoko could barely stand it.  She sat on an opposite park bench,
her face wrought in a mixture of jealousy and anger.  She had crossed
her arms and crossed her legs, constantly shaking them out of anxiety.
And she couldn't take her eyes off the two, hoping they wouldn't end up
kissing each other.  By now, she'd really hated that she agreed to let
Tenchi talk with Ayeka.  Sure, it was only her likeness and not her
personality, but it sure could have fooled Ryoko.
	All of a sudden, her prayers for someone to be in distress so she
could leave this place were answered.  Thanks to her super hearing, she
heard a woman across town being mugged.  "Um, I'll leave you two
alone," Ryoko said, dreading the thought.
	"Well where you going?" Tenchi asked.
	"I'm going to save the world."  She made the sentence appear as a
joke.
	Ayeka accepted it as one.
	Ryoko ran off to investigate the sounds she heard.

	"You know what to do," Tsunami said, sitting in the limousine
next to the mach buff she'd hired.  She looked at him as if she'd
wanted to jump on him and have hot sex all night long.  But then again,
that's how she always looked.
The guy nodded and stepped out of the car.

	Meanwhile, Supergirl landed in the street where she'd heard the
screams.  She found herself surrounded by lots of people, waiting to
see her save the world.  But no danger was to be found.  She searched
the area, and started to say "What the fuck is going on?"  But instead,
she said, "What has happened?"
	All of a sudden, a guy came out of an alley and into the street,
holding a woman hostage.  He was buff, like a guy that likes to go to
the gym.  He looked up at the green rock that hung in a tree, which no
one, not even Supergirl seemed to notice.  He smiled.  "Okay Supergirl,
I give up.  You've got me."  He threw the woman down, and she ran away.
Then the guy put his hands out, waiting for handcuffs.
	Ryoko decided she would take her time, bringing down the
practically brought down already criminal.  She walked toward him, and
all of a sudden, began to feel weak.  By the time she was halfway to
him, she hit the ground, clutching her stomach.
	"Worked like a charm," the guy said, looking up.  Then he made
his way over to Supergirl and kicked her in the stomach.  "What's the
matter, Supergirl?"
	Feeling he had an advantage, he picked up the lifeless body of
the super hero and constantly punched her.  Tsunami watched secretly
with approval.  The thug continued to beat her up, and with knowledge,
knocked Supergirl out of range of the rock.  "Damn," Tsunami said.
"Stay within range you fool!"
	By now, the people felt they were in danger by staying in the
area and had dispersed.  And the punk continued to beat Supergirl out
of range of the rock.  She sat for a while, and regained her strength.
And without a moment's notice, she stopped one of the guy's punches by
grabbing his fist.
	Tsunami knew when she was beat.  She had Mercy retrieve the rock
from its secret spot and left the guy there, at Supergirl's mercy.
	But with Ryoko as Supergirl, there wasn't much mercy to be left,
if any.  Upon grabbing the guy's fist, she evilly smiled as he gasped.
She began to close her hand around it, crushing it.  She could hear
bones crack as proof.  While pondering the possibility of ripping his
fist off his arm completely, Ryoko decided not to, and just used her
free hand to punch him dead in the face.  He flew down the street,
landed with a thud, and skidded another foot or so.  She used her super
speed to catch up with him before he could even think about getting up.
	Crouching to his level, Ryoko grabbed him by the collar and prepared to
punch his face in.  That is, until she heard Tenchi shouting
"Supergirl!" about a block away.

	Ryoko dropped the man on his head and sighed.  "Aw, Tenchi,
you're always ruining my fun," she said.
	"Sorry," he said, finally arriving.  He stopped and caught his
breath.  "I just caught on to what you said when you joked about saving
the world."
	Ayeka just stood there, a surprised look on her face.  At least,
that's what it was supposed to be.  It looked more like a frightened
one.  "Supergirl...is Ryoko of the Daily Planet?" she inquisitively
asked.
	Ryoko quickly grabbed Ayeka by the collar of her blouse.  "Tell
anyone and you're dead," she protested.  "And trust me, it'll be a
pleasure killing you."
	Tenchi quickly interfered, breaking the two up.  "Um...I'm sure
we all know that Ryoko," he said.  "Now what's up with this guy?"
	Ryoko picked up the unconscious man as if examining a dead
squirrel.  "This dipshit?" she asked, looking around.  She spotted a
local police station and threw him in that direction, sending him
crashing through the front door.  Immediately authorities threw his
arms behind his back and cuffed him.  "He thought he could fuck with
Supergirl.  He was able to for a while, though.  Something weakened me.
But once he really started kicking my ass, things seemed to turn
around.  Luck, I guess."

	Tsunami tossed the small green rock in her hand, examining it as
she carefully threw it up and gracefully caught it.  Surprisingly, it
weighed much less than she estimated.  She didn't be able to be able to
hold it at all, and as a smart and scientific one herself, this puzzled
her.  She furrowed an eyebrow, as if looking it over for the first
time.  She found it wasn't rough, either.  She put it into her free
hand, and examined the one she originally held it in.  It was as soft
and beautiful as before, unharmed.  Another startling discovery.
"So this is the weakness of Supergirl," Tsunami said, sitting at
her desk on the top floor of the Tsunami Corporation building.  She
turned around and looked out the glass window, overlooking a beautiful
Metropolis skyline.  Two days had passed since her test.  By now, she'd
thought up a plan that would finish off the super pest forever.
"Tsunami, you are a genius."

	"I'm going to be honest," Ryoko said, standing still and
observing her surroundings, "I don't like this bank.  You know I'll
stick by your side Tenchi, but are you sure about sneaking in like
this?"
	"You kidding, right?" Tenchi replied, searching through a file
cabinet.  "I'm surprised you didn't think of it first.  Besides,
Tsunami wanted to meet you, or Supergirl, here.  And suspiciously
enough, this is one of her banks.
"That's what scares me."
	It was rare, but it has occurred.  Ryoko frightened.  You'd think
as a space pirate, she didn't think much, just executed and knew only
the opposite of mercy.  But she did have a heart, and she did have
feelings.  Feelings Tenchi knew all too well.  Quickly, he shook the
thoughts out of his head.  "You heard that?"
Ryoko turned around, now within a flash, wearing Supergirl
attire.  "Heard what?"
	"A crash, or something.  Hey!"  All of a sudden, Tenchi was a
attacked by a ninja of unknown origin.  It wrestled him to the floor,
and before they knew it, they were in a struggle.
	"Tenchi?" she looked around, wondering what was going on.  She
leaned behind the desk where Tenchi was, and saw he was struggling with
something.  "Get off him you bastard!" she shouted, and jumped on the
ninja, ripping him from Tenchi.  She found herself at a challenge,
struggling with the ninja.  How can anyone be as powerful as Supergirl?
she thought to herself.  Giving up the struggle, she threw the ninja
across the counter.
	It hit the floor, and made a clunk sound, like metal.  Ryoko
pounced on the ninja and found out that it was a robot, by ripping off
the outer layer.  She struggled with it, and started to punch it
constantly.  "What the hell is this about?" she asked herself, fighting
the robot.
	Just then, it revealed the source of it's power--a green, glowing
rock in the center of it's very form.  Upon impact, it blinded Ryoko,
then began to weaken her.
	Behind the counter, Tenchi started to come to.  He heard Ryoko's
pleas for help.  "Ryoko!" he shouted.
	"Tenchi!  Help me with this damn thing!"
	Tenchi got up, and jumped on the counter, attacking the robot
from behind.  He saw the glowing green rock, and soon discovered what
had been weakening Ryoko all this time.  "Why didn't I think of it
sooner?"
	"Think of what?"
	"Kryptonite!  I forgot that's Supergirl's weakness!"
For once, Ryoko was actually mad at Tenchi.  "So _now_ you
remember?"
	Tenchi was thrown against the wall, and reached for the back of
his head not in pain, but in nervousness.  "Um...yeah."
"Great.  I don't stand a chance, and you're human.  What do we
do?"
	Tenchi sat there and thought for a second, but stopped when he
realized the robot was coming his way.  Tenchi thought fast, and
grabbed an American flag on a pole.  He'd forgotten everything his
grandfather had ever taught him about fighting with a stick, and
blatantly whacked the robot.  It was enough to knock the robot down,
and jar the Kryptonite loose.  Tenchi dove at it, and shouted, "Got
it!" covering it to the best of his ability.
Ryoko saw her cue.  She grew angry, and thought Kagato as she
fought, or rather punched the robot into oblivion.  Once past
destroyed, Ryoko panted, and said, "That takes care of him.  But I
still feel weak."
	Looking down at the rock, Tenchi carefully held it in his hand,
watching it glow in the darkness.  "That's because you aren't shielded
from the rock," he said.
	"Give me that thing!"  Ryoko grabbed a lead vase from the counter
and threw the rock inside.  She used what remaining strength she had
left and sealed it shut using the laser beams in her eyes.  Then she
smiled.  "I always wanted to do this."  Ryoko looked up at the ceiling
of the bank, and the threw the vase as hard as she could straight up.
It busted through the top of the bank, and went all the way up into
space.
	"Okay, that's it."
	"Really?  Let's have sex."
	"Now wait a minute Ryoko, hey!"

	The next morning, Princess Ayeka of Jurai, not of the Metropolis
Star, held her head as she sat at the kitchen table, trying to
recollect the events of the previous night.  "Let me get this
straight," she asked Washu.  "The events that took place, me being a
newspaper reporter, were a simulation, not a dream?"
"Yes, for the fifth time," Washu answered, taking a sip of the
coffee in her mug.  "I told you this beforehand, so you wouldn't be all
startled the next day like you are now.  Besides, you agreed to it."
Ayeka sighed.  "If you say so, Washu.  But sim or no sim, I don't like
the idea of Ryoko kissing Tenchi."
	"What are you going to do about it?" Ryoko asked.
	Ayeka flew into an open rage.  "I'm going to shove that bottle
down your throat!"
	Ryoko slammed the Budweiser bottle she held down on the table.
"Come on and try me princess!"
	Ayeka and Ryoko began fighting again, dragging Tenchi down into
immediate depression.  He slumped onto the kitchen table, lasers and
debris flying over his head.  Then, he said something he never thought
he'd say.  Washu?  Get me a Bud from the fridge.

The End

Author's notes:
-If you've ever seen Superman: The Animated Series, then you may have
noticed that this is very similar to the episode "A Little Piece of
Home".  That's what I based it on.
-To all you Tenchi fans: don't worry if you can't imagine Ryoko in a
Supergirl uniform.  While I wrote this, I couldn't either.
-Comments and Criticism: attitude29018@hotmail.com

