Disclaimer's Notice: Remember the disclaimer from Chapter 1? Add the
additional characters.

For six days, Tenchi and the girls (originally six, but currently nine to be
exact) have some fun with Mario, Luigi, Princess Peach, and ironically, the
servant with a mushroom hat, Toad. Peach had made best friends with Ayeka,
Tenchi has exchanged villainy secrets with Mario and Luigi, Toad has a
slight confidence in Sasami and Misuki for what reason you're not supposed
to know, and the only two problems are Mihoshi and Washu.

Kiyone still has to deal with Mihoshi's low-caliber brain, and there's
absolutely no science or technology for Washu to work around!

Well, on day 7, everything would change. Kagato, who warped to the
Mushroomica Dimension one day later than the Shrinespeople without being
seen, had found the Koopa Kingdom Castle and talked to Bowser about an evil
plan to make a Mushroom overdoing. Suddenly, at six a.m, Peach goes outside
after waking up on day 7. She rang the castle at the main hall. Then, Peach,
the Princess Toadstool herself, opened the door, screamed noisily, and
closed it.

"What's wrong, Princess?" asked Toad, who was running to Peach in a
concerned mood.

"It's Bowser!" Peach screamed. "He's come to get us again!"

"Oh, my!" exclaimed everyone else, running after Toad.

Then, Bowser and Kagato got out of their Koopa ship outside. They had flown
it right where the stone walkway was just one centimeter ahead. That's why
Peach was scared. Then, they ran down the double door into the castle.

"Kagato!" Yugi yelled after a gasp.

"And-a Bowser!" Mario yelled as an addition.

Then, there was a very long fight in which lasted-a three hours, as-a Mario
would-a say. In the end, Bowser kidnapped Peach, and Kagato kidnapped Ayeka.
Sasami, not in the mood for waiting, screamed, "Let's go and attack them
right now!"

"According to what you told me, Mario and Luigi," mentioned Tenchi, "This is
a repetiton of what Bowser always does!"

This is the end of Part 2. Here's a Tenchi preview of Part 3.

To begin the preview, Ryoko says, "Hi. My name is Ryoko, and I'm a member of
the Tenchi Muyo cast. According to what I know, this evil alliance of Bowser
and Kagato is really heating up. They're throwing all their troops at us,
one army by one!"

"Coming up next, Tenchi adds, "it's Super Tenchi Mario - Part 3: Blowing up
the Bob-Ombs."

"it's unquestionably a bombing," Kiyone adds. "Keep watching."