			Kagato's return
				by 
			Adam Richmond

Events refered to are in 'The meeting of a new friend' and 'The 
return of Adam'

chapter 1: We're back!

Having just got back from visiting some friends, Adam and Ryoko 
were totally unprepared for what met them, an army of Kagato's. 
"what the?! this is beyond a joke, I mean AN ARMY against two 
people" sighed Adam taking up a fighting stance while Ryoko just 
stood there staring at the room full of Kagato's, when one stepped 
forward and said "welcome to your worst nightmare". As Adam moved 
his hands, blue trails of light followed the path of his hands and 
the trails cut anything apart that was in the way, using this he 
killed several of the Kagato's in one sweep of his hands while 
Ryoko was throwing laser blasts everywhere "its no good we need 
help" "that gives me an idea, Sarah, change into a werewolf and 
help us, Pikame, go!" he said as he threw the pokeball with great 
force, which struck a Kagato, killing him. Even with the creatures 
help they were losing this battle, when suddenly there was a loud 
explosion and as Adam was battling away he saw the two guyvers who 
helped him previously (in the meeting of a new friend) had came to 
his aid but they were soon out numbered, when Adam suddenly got an 
idea, he could summon a creature to help them but first they gotta 
get outside before he would do it (because that way he could get 
away from the Kagato's and do the summoning motions) "o.k. lets 
take this outside, guys" said Adam grabbing Ryoko and sticking to 
the ceiling like spiderman (also this was done by Dracula in the 
film 'Bram Stokers Dracula'), the two guyvers managed to blast 
their way through to the outside where adam gathered them up and 
told them the plan. "o.k. guys, great timing, now the plan is you 
guys protect me as I summon some 'help', got that?" "what do you 
mean, you summon some 'help', we were strugling in there!" yelled 
Sho, "well, do we summon some big fuck off monster to kill or maim 
the army or do we do what we did in there?" "how do we know that 
these monsters won't turn on us?" asked Ryoko remebering the 
incident in the onsen where they met Mihoshi, "because they do 
their special attack then leave, unless I use my magic but I'm too 
weak to make them stay and anyway there is an army that I can call 
on" "well lets go then" said Agito. Ryoko and the two guyvers were 
using laser blasts to keep the Kagatos at bay while Adam 
concentrated on bringing forth the creatures, Adam did a strange 
motion with his hands, when suddenly they disappered and the 
ground swelled up and a monster burst from the ground and fliped 
over a section of the ground with some Kagato's on it, "wow, that 
was some attack, do another!"said Ryoko estactily while throwing 
bolts of energey left, right and centre, so Adam did, execpt when 
they all disappered and a  blue woman appeared and used an ice 
attack on some of the Kagato's, and when the ice shattered so did 
most of the Kagato's. The Kagato's had one last trick up their 
sleeve, they put Tenchi and the others in front of them and one of 
the Kagato's said "now lets see you use one of your monsters" so 
Adam obliged and to the Kagato's horror Tenchi and the others 
disappeared and suddenly the ground dented in and 12 knights each 
did a deffernet attack and then suddenly a huge knight appeared 
opened his cape and used a huge sword on the Kagatos, then there 
was a blinding light and Adam, Ryoko and the others were alone, 
there was no more Kagato's to deal with when suddenly a voice 
boomed out "You may of won the battle but not the war!" that voice 
belonged to a VERY pissed off Kagato. "Thanks guys for helping us, 
again" "no problem" said Agito as he and Sho left.

Chapter 2: let me see your balls!

"wow that was some show with them monsters, were did they come 
from?" asked Sasami, "from my balls" replied Adam, to which he got 
a glaring look from Ayeka "on my watch" continued Adam waiting for 
the shock to die down from what he first said. "may I examine your 
balls?" asked Washu trying to make it sound not as dirty as when 
she usally said it to Adam "what the one on my watch?" asked Adam 
knowing the answer (both yes and no), this left Washu a deep 
crimson, Minagi with a twinkle in her eye, and Kiyone with a dirty 
smile. Later Washu was examining Adam's balls (this isn't a lemon! 
so keep it clean), "interesting, such small things yet so much 
power, just like Ryoko's gems, tell me again what the colours 
mean" asked Washu while examining a little red ball " the red are 
monsters, the pink increase health, magic and a few other things, 
the yellow increase abilitys, the green contain magic and the blue 
must be linked with either a green or red to get it to work" "so a 
'support', clever" "actually its 100% natural" this made Washu 
drop the colouered ball she was examining which was a blue one, 
"what? you mean that these are natural? and not made by man?" 
"yes, but the man made sutff is used to power machines not for 
magic" "was it this powerful when you got it?" "no I powered it up 
by equping it and going into battle in the world I got them from" 
"did you buy them or find them?" "neither, I was given the 
offspring of fully powered ones and I just powered them up fully" 
"did you say 'offspring?' said washu with a puzzled look on her 
face, "yes, when Materia is fully powered up or 'mastered' then a 
new one is 'born' without the full power" "VERY interesting, how 
are these equiped?" "in armour and weapons." said Adam replacing 
the last peice of materia back into his watch strap "how many 
different 'materias' are there?" "as many as there are on my 
watch" he said as he left the lab. ON his way out he spotted Ryoko 
relaxing on a beam, seizing his chance he jumped up and pushed 
Ryoko off and caught her before she hit the floor "careful now, I 
might not always be here to catch you" "bastard, you pushed me" 
"yeah, and" "well you wait until your asleep" "ok" "dinners 
ready!" called Sasami. At luch Adam sat opposite Ryoko and 
everytime she looked at the tv he would use his chop sticks to 
steal Ryoko's food and then wait until she noticed that it was 
missing to flick it back at her and this lasted for 5 miniutes 
because Washu who sat between them banged their heads together 
after Ryoko flicked something back and it went wide and landed in 
Washu's hair, then suddenly Adam's phone rang with the Samurai 
pizza cats theme "hello, Adam asskicker here, makes pizza's so 
fast their cooked as their being made! what can I do for you? well 
there's no need for that answer, but seriously what's the matter?" 
he said as he sipped his tea, "what?!, how?, I'll be right there!" 
"what's the matter" asked Ryoko as Adam slowly put down his cup 
and put his phone back on his belt "its the enemy of the pizza 
cats, he's captured the princess, the emperor, the palace, the B 
sqaud and two of the three Pizza cats, on of which is very close 
to me" "I'm coming with you, so that I can help you" "no, Ryoko 
you will stay here incase Kagato returns" "but.." "no buts!" " ok, 
but, please be careful, I'd like you back in one piece" "so come 
back in a little box? I'll see what I can do" and he left before 
Ryoko could say anything more.

Chapter 3: The big cheese and Kagato?

Adam arrived at the samurai pizza cats parlour just in time to see 
the big cheeses latest weapon, a giant dog-man with a pin-wheel 
saw as a weapon and above it looked like a ship that resembled the 
Galoob, "oh, good your here! Polly and Speedy are trapped inside 
the flying machine following the robot, Gudio was the only one 
that escaped, the supreme catatonic was disabled and the guy 
piolting the ship looks like Dracula on that tape we watched a 
while back, execpt he had grey hair, green eyes, and wore white 
gloves" said Francine, Adam changed into Kagato and said 
"Francine, does this look like the guy?" "yes, just like that" 
Adam changed back and sort of shrunk. "well what are we waiting 
for?" asked Guido Anchovy, "I think we had better call for 
reinforcements, cause this bastards tough, I just killed an army 
of 'em" "hold on a minute, did you say an army, man I wish I had 
been there" suddenly a voice was heard "Adam, Ryoko want's to 
speak to you" "put her through", then the voice changed in to 
Ryoko's "Adam, what's going on?" "I found Kagato, he's flying 
around outside as I speak" there was silence followed by an 
explosion "what the?!" said Francine and Guido simuatiniously, and 
Ryoko's voice was heard "Adam are you alright? answer me!" "yeah, 
I'm fine" and with that he left the parlour heading for the royal 
pandogla, along the way he noticed a small boy was following him, 
he took a corner and when the boy came round Adam discovered that 
the boy was a exact replicant of Tenchi "why, hello there" it said 
summoning a lightsword, Adam just stood ther and quick as a flash, 
he grabbed the robot, ripped its head off and then dismembered it. 
"there that was fun" said Adam and he contined his journy, then 
the giant robot attacked him blowing him away with a barrage of 
missles "hahahaha, that, that you pile of execrement," "you 
b..b.bastard! you killed him, when I get free you will pay!" 
screamed Polly esther, while Speedy cerviche just looked at the 
screen where the ground was still smoking. "ooyyaajjii!" was 
heard, and suddenly red lights started to flash, "no, it can't 
be!" and then on the monitor, walking out of the smoke was Adam 
wearing his solid armour, closing the cannon on his wrist, he 
spoke "you cannot kill me, for I am death" and with great speed he 
closed the ground between him and the robot in mere secomds. "if 
you want you friends unharmed, then let me continue" "no, don't do 
it Adam" said Polly, Kagato turned with lightning speed and 
slapped Polly, knocking her unconcious "you bastard" said Speedy 
in contempt, Adam saw this through a holographic screen Kagato had 
projected, "you will die for rasing a hand and a lady and  because 
it was Polly, you will DIE" and with amazing speed he smashed 
through the robot and straight into the cockpit of the ship "well,  
well lokked what the cat dragged in" said Kagato, looking at Adam 
in his solid armour, "I don't want to mess up the brilint paint 
job, but you must die" Kagato said swinging a plasma blade at Adam 
who doged as if it was a feather and then got twin blades to 
sprout from the wrists and soon they were going tooth and nail 
when Adam saw an opening and he drove a blade throught Kagato's 
side "aahh! playtime is over, bio-booster activation" suddenly 
Kagato was engulfed in bio-armour "These 'guyver' units are 
amazing are they not?" asked Kagato as he knocked Adam down as if 
he was a kitten. Kagato was beating the hell out of Adam when 
suddenly he turned and there was Gudio standing there with blood 
dripping off his sword, Kagato looked down at his wound and 
laughed as it healed back up with great speed "fool" he said as he 
hurled Guido across the room, when he landed he was unconcious 
"what, what happened?" asked Polly as she came round to see the 
tangled mess that was Guido, and behind him was a strange green 
guyver standing over Adam in his solid armour. "the end is near, 
for you death" Kagato said mockingly "well it isn't over yet" Adam 
replied, puching Kagato in the chest, which resulted in Kagato 
flying through the air, and he  landed on his feet "ha, I 
underestimated you, again, now die" said Kagato powering up the 
mega smasher, Adam just stood there as the mega smasher fired and 
opened his torso to reveal a mega smasher type weapon and he 
absorbed the blast and returned fire, "nnnooo, I am defeated 
again!" screamed Kagato as he and half the ship was vaporised, 
Adam turned to Polly and said "you ok?" Polly just nodded 
blushing, Adam freed the two pizza cats and then checked on Guido 
before turning around and saying "well, he'll need an asprin, a 
few days off work and plenty of rest, and Polly you need a" he 
came over and whispered the rest into her ear, which made her go 
even more red, "well, I gotta go" he said turning away, recalling 
the armour and putting his hat back on, he turned, waved goodbye 
and opened a portal and left.

chapter 4: I'm sick of this crap

Adam walked through the portal expecting to find dinner and Ryoko 
waiting for him but the house was completly empty and dinner 
wasn't even on the stove, when Adam sat down he noticed a note 
with his name on it, he picked it up and it read: 'please help us 
Kagato has captured all of us and will kill Tenchi if he finds you 
interfering. Ryoko.' "That slimly s.o.b, he must pay for screwing 
up my love life!" and with that Adam opened a portal to his garage 
and pushed a strange looking motorbike outside where he opened 
another portal and rode it through. Adam had soon located the ship 
althrough it was cloaked, he pressed a button on the handle bars 
and suddenly where the bike was, there stood a big robot, looking 
around the robot used a blast of energy from its hand to pierice 
the sided of the ship, and the robot entered the ship. Kagato was 
busy toying with Tenchi to notice that on the screen the robot 
walked past a camera, "tell me how you summoned the light hawk 
wings!" "I don't know and neither does Washu" "so even the top 
scientst in the universe is stumped, how interesting" "I know how 
he summoned them" came a voice issuing from the robot "really, how 
then?" "he just did" "who are you!" "a friend" was the reply "now 
let Tenchi and the others go and I will tell you how he really 
summoned the light hawk wings" "deal, goodbye Tenchi it was fun 
hurting you but all good things come to an end" and with that a 
hole opened up and Tenchi was pushed out of it, "Kagato, you 
bastard!" said the robot as he went to save Tenchi but Kagato 
stopped him "tell me how or he dies" "here, I'll show you 
instead!" said the robot as the light hawk wings formed but they 
were black "what?! those are the night hawk wings!, how?" was 
Kagato's last words as he was rendered into little pieces as 
everyone watched from the wall, "wow, the night hawk wings, I 
though they were a myth but..." "just don't go nowhere, I'll save 
Tenchi and then come back and save you lot" and with that the 
robot burst through the base of the ship ang caught Tenchi a few 
feet off the ground "thanks, but you cut it rather close didn't 
you?" "well, thank you, stranger for just catching me and saving 
me from my death, for snaching me from the jaws of death" "hey, 
your Adam, in there aren't you?" the robot just scratched it's 
head and said "well, I had better save the others, er, bye" and it 
flew off. "that was amazing, how did you summon the night hawk 
wings?" asked Washu, examining the robot as it freed the others, 
regretting letting Washu free first, he turned to her and said 
"exactly the same way as Tenchi can summon the light hawk wings" 
"but you should know how you did it because you just did, and 
right on cue I might add" the robot turned away and strode over to 
the control pannel and started to type exetremely fast and 
suddenly the ship started to descend "how did you know how to.." 
"I read Kagato's mind and absorbed all his knowlage" said the 
robot an the visor slid up "Adam! but why didn't you say that you 
could summon night hawk wings?" asked Washu shocked, surprised, 
feeling a whole lot of emotions. "because I didn't think.." "damn 
right!" "Washu! he has just saved our lives AND Tenchi's and this 
is how you thank him?" said Ryoko, "no, but" replied Washu looking 
at the floor, "now girls, lets concentrate on getting off the 
ship" said Kiyone as the door opened "thank you for flying 
Asskicker flights, please don't bother again" muttered Adam as he 
left the ship which took off again and shot into space where it 
exploded. Adam soon turned the robot back into a motorbike and got 
off, opened a portal and pushed it through only to return driving 
a machine that looked like a land rover and a camper van in one, 
"right who wants a lift?" asked Adam leaning out of the drivers 
side winking at Ryoko who just gave him the finger.

Chapter 6: no rest for the wicked

During the drive back to Tenchi's house they picked up Tenchi and 
went to town and when they got back they found Kagato sitting in a 
chair, watching tv, he turned to face them as a dozen sets of 
hands grabbed them, "my, my, aren't we back late?" "eat shit and 
die" spat Minagai, "now is that any way to treat a guest?" "if 
your the guest, then yes" said Adam, Strugling, "its useless to 
struggle, their made from wonderful stuff, Adamantium" Adam 
stopped struggling and just looked at Kagato "how?" "simple really 
I just made my own interdimentional gateway, and I can go to 
places that I have the co-ordinates for, like little tokyo, 
Castlevania, althrough Castlevaina only appears every 100 years, 
"how did you know that?" asked Adam "I read it in the instructions 
manual of your game, quite a good game as well. I liked playing 
that street fighter game, althrough some moves that I've felt, 
don't look as good on the game" "I challenge you to a game of 
street fighter alpha 3, if I win, you will leave this universe and 
never return, if you win, then I will give you my powers and leave 
this world forever, deal?" said Adam, "Deal" replied Kagato as the 
hands released Adam. They sat in opposite chairs, cables away from 
the other person, so there was no cheating, the pause button was 
disabled (pulled out of the pad), and the time was set to infinte, 
with three rounds, "wait a minute, I wanna put my memory card in" 
said Adam putting in a black memory card with had red writing on 
it saying 'fighting' "there" said Adam with glee, "lets go" said 
Kagato in a low voice. The characters they chose were Akuma (which 
Adam had sneakly powered up insanely by going through the world 
tour mode) and Zangief (Kagato was trying to be smart by using a 
crap person <my opinon!>), "Ready? fight!" yelled the computer as 
Akuma took a step and let loose a fireball which hit Zanigef while 
he was doing a drop kick, then Zangief grabbed Akuma with an 
aerial russian slam wich used all of his super combo bar and 
reduced Akuma to half health and after a hurricane kick and a 
dragon punch, Zangief was down to just under half health when Adam 
delivered the finsihing blow for the round, the hell blink murder. 
the next round went to Kagato by keeping Adam in the corner of the 
screen but when he next tryed it Adam used the teleport move and 
then he used the messatsu gou shoryu (dragon puch combo) followed 
by the messatsu gou hado (fireball super combo) and to finish him 
off, a light jab. "what?! impossible!, oh, well I admit defeat" 
"that was a good battle, Kagato" "before I leave, you will DIE" 
said Kagato lunging at Adam who neatly side stepped and broke 
Kagato's neck with a snap. "well I had better prepare dinner! look 
at how late it is" " hey Sasamai, leave dinner and we'll just 
order a pizza" "do you know the number of the pizza parlour? and 
will it be here before its cold?" " I know the number and yes it 
will be hot" Adam took out his phone and dialed the number of the 
samurai pizza cats "hello I would like to order a large pizza with 
everything but any sea food on it, no, I wouldn't like it 
delivered because I'll pick it up in a while, ok, francine?, bye. 
right the pizza will take 5 minuites so lets kick back and relax" 
said Adam sitting back in the chair, then after a few minuites 
Adam's phone rang with the pizza cats theme to which Adam got up, 
opened a portal stuck his head and shoulders through and took a 
pizza and seemed to have an argument with the person on the other 
side about taking his money, while Sasami dished out the pizza 
"there they finally took the cash, I hate it when they don't" said 
Adam sitting down to eat the pizza.

Chapter 7: the secret of the hawk wings

The next day, Washu was relentlessly interogating Adam about how 
he summoned the night hawk wings and when he refused to to tell 
her, she started to fire at him with a plasma cannon, which Adam 
doged effortlessly "yawn, is that the best you can do?" taunted 
Adam, doging several blasts at once, "just summon the damn wings" 
"ok then, night, light, fallen angel, angel or bat?" "what do you 
mean?" "well I can sprout white feather wings, black feather wings 
and bat style wings" "the night hawk wings, prat" Adam obliged but 
summoned the light hawk wings, "hey, they're the light hawk wings! 
how did you?" "the same way as the night hawk wings" "well the 
wings are just the opposites of each other, the two sides of a 
coin, one good, the other evil" "the ying and yang of power" said 
Adam, "correct, now how do you summon them?" "well, its a secret" 
"hey, whats going on here?" said Ayeka, survaying the damage, 
"nothing" repiled Adam and Washu at the same time, "well, Ryoko 
want's to see you Adam, and Washu, Yosho wants to talk to you" and 
with that Ayeka left and so did Adam and Washu. At the shine 
keepers logding, Yosho was speaking with Washu, "today I felt a 
huge surge of power, the power of both the light hawk and the dark 
hawk wings, do you know what was the cause?" Washu just looked at 
the former prince of Jurai and replied that it was Adam who used 
the night  hawk wings and had just used the light hawk wings, 
"interesting and you say he's not from Jurai? very strange" said 
Yosho looking puzzled, meanwhile back with the lovers, Adam and 
Ryoko were just sitting talking, "do.. you still love your wife?" 
said Ryoko looking over the lake, "yes, but I love you just as 
much" replied Adam looking into the water as a shoal of fish swam 
past, "Adam.. I want you to be honest, how do you feel about the 
others?" she said facing Adam, who just looked into the sky and 
said, "why do you ask me these questions? and anyway, I love them 
like a family, as that is what you all have been to me for the 
last few weeks, yes, I have some feelings for Minagi, but if you 
don't want me to get involved with her if we split up, then fine I 
won't". The sun started to set as the two lovers got up and 
entered the house, unknown to them, they were being watched. "so 
let me get this straight, Adam can duplicate peoples powers, if 
comes in to contact with that person?" Washu nodded, "then how can 
he summon the night hawk wings?" Washu just shrugged, "well Adam 
said that he had absorbed some evil souls, maybe the combination 
of the light hawk wings and the great evil merged" "its impossible 
that he can summon the light AND the night hawk wings, if the evil 
merged with the light hawk wings" "true but maybe he can seperate 
the two" just then the door slid open and there stood Adam, "its 
time for dinner Washu, Master Yosho would you come and join us? I 
would be honoured" "certinly" replied Yosho, mentally sizing him 
up, "hmmm, tall, dark and powerful, yet still a boy, just like 
Tenchi, even having trouble fending off the attention of the 
ladies like Tenchi" thought Yosho, "look Yosho, I know that you 
are wondering how I can summon the light and the night hawk wings, 
well, I know how to summon them not why I can summon the two" it 
was then that the creature that was watching Adam earlier showed 
itself, it was a Zianoid "so you are the one I was sent to spy on, 
Adam", Adam stepped forward "yeah, that's my name, don't wear it 
out", Washu was busy mentally disecting the creature when it moved 
with such speed that it was a blur, but still the creature missed 
as Adam came out of the sky and landed on the creatures back and 
was gone again, to reappear in the stance of the Hokuto shin ken 
(fist of the north star), while the creature turned around and 
spoke, "huh, you my be fast but speed is nothing without power, 
and you gonna dance or fight?" "fight, and your already dead" said 
Adam, relasing a deavstating flury of punches that just pounded 
the creature to a blooded mess, and Adam gave the creature a soft 
touch to the head and turned away, "now the grim reaper has come 
and touched you, pray for forgiveness" and as Adam had finished 
his sentance, the creatures head exploded, "that was impressive, 
where did you learn it?" "I absorbed the knowlage of four people 
to learn the variations of the style, and I could of killed him 
from where I stood, but it wouldn't of been fun", and with that 
they continued their way back to Tenchi's house.

chapter 8: ahh, music to my ears

After dinner, Adam sat outside and put a cd into a boom box that 
was in the back of his 'heap of junk' as he called it, the first 
track played was 9pm (till I come) <by ATB> and this was followed 
by 'Sweet like chocolate <Shanks and bigfoot>' and 'Miami <Will 
smith>, and while the music played, he was just gazing over the 
water when suddenly something caught his eye in the water, 
"Pikame, I choose you" he whispered as he gently opened the 
pokeball, "Pikame, metamorphasis, Garados" Pika jumped into the 
water and changed in to Garados, "Pikame, check the water for 
anything then report back to me" the giant water pokemon nodded 
then disappered under the waters surface as Ryoko came out, just 
as 'love's got a hold of my heart' <steps> started to play, 
"what's the matter? you look disturbed?" "nothing, I'm fine" "then 
why did you sent that creature to check the lake?" "I saw 
something bigger than a fish look out of the water so I sent 
Pikame in to check it out" "that was Pikame?! wow, that's some 
trick you taught it, changing into other creatures" "he taught it 
himself, when he was in the wild" "oh, well why don't you come in 
and lets have some fun" said Ryoko sliding her hand round Adam's 
waist, Pikame just broke the surface and said "I found some fish 
men swimming this way, and they don't look happy" "thanks Pikame, 
could you become Lapras and use ice beam on them?" "Sure" "Sarah" 
said Adam tapping his breast pocket, and out popped a mouse, 
"Sarah, change in to a Kingler and bring me the creatures that 
Pikame freezes" the mouse just nodded and leaped out of the pocket 
and changeed into the giant crab pokemon and headed for the water. 
"finally we're alone, again, everybody went to bed, because they 
had a hard day" said Ryoko once again slipping her hand around 
Adam's waist just before a chunk of ice broke the surface of the 
water, "son of a bitch! can't we ever get any privacy anywhere!" 
said Ryoko getting really upset, Adam just sat there calmy 
watching as several other blocks of ice broke the surface as sarah 
and Pikame returned with eight fish men and a repitilian looking 
creature, Pikame asked, "what should we do now?", Adam said 
"return" holding out a pokeball as Pikame returned to his 
pokeball, and Sarah jumped back into his pocket changing into a 
mouse while she was in the air.

chapter 9: the moment Ryoko had waited for

Adam assumed the position of the 'waterfoul fist' fighting style 
and used the technique to make his captives into ice cubes, and as 
the chunks landed they smashed into even more of a mess and 
disintergrated, "well that was the most difficult battle I ever 
had" said Adam relaxing into a loose position, "say, why don't we 
go somewhere where we can get some privacy" whispered Ryoko into 
Adam's ear, "sure", said Adam opening a portal and taking Ryoko by 
the hand and walking through the portal. "Oh, man, that.. was mind 
blowing. I..I never expirianced anything like it" said Ryoko 
panting, "I thought you enjoyed it, you were screaming so loud you 
broke the mirror" he said pointing at the small hand mirror on the 
chest of draws on the other side of the large room, "its a good 
jod all the rooms are soundproof" said Adam, lying back, looking 
at Ryoko who had a light sheen of persperation, "I never thought 
it would be so.. undescribable" said Ryoko moving closer to Adam, 
"why do you hide your body?" "because if I walked around showing 
off my body I would be arrested for exposure" "you know what I 
mean" "oh, yeah, I know I'll walk around without a shirt, just 
show my arms, and watch as all the girls either faint or start to 
drool, or even better, I'll wear no shirt and a pair of cycling 
shorts, extra tight and see every woman that looks at me die" 
"there's no need for sarcasam" "oh? just like theres no need for 
Tenchi" "fuck you" "I don't go for that stuff, but you do, don't 
you?" "how would like a fat lip?" "how would you like to be kicked 
out of my house?" "kiss my chuddies" "I already have, remember?" 
"what time is it?" "time I got outta my pit" came the reply, "you 
havin' a shower?" "with you, yeah, without then no" "tramp" Adam 
was silent, "whats the matter?" "nothing, but I thought that I 
heard a noise" "its your imagination, come back to bed" but Adam 
was already out the door wearing a black silk robe, with a picture 
of a chinese dragon emblazed in silver. "wow, this place is huge, 
I wonder where them pair are. Oh, lets see in the study" said 
Washu as she opened the door marked 'study' and she was greeted by 
the shelf upon shelf of videos, "fist of the north star the movie 
(live action), Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-ohki, pretty sammy, daugther of 
darkness, Tenchi in love, Tenchi forever," read Washu out loud, 
then Washu pulled a Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-ohki video (volume 7, which 
by coincedence has Washu on the front) "so what do we have here?" 
Washu gasped and fumbled the video but managed to get hold of it 
again.

chapter 10: Adams past (part two)

Adam sprung over the railing two floors up, and landed without a 
whisper, taking a sword form the samurai armour in the hall, and 
noticed the door to the study was open, he moved without a sound 
and with great speed, and when he found the person, he was mildly 
surprised to find who it was. "so this is were you took my 
daugther, nice place she said holding the video in her hand, "and 
what good taste you have in videos, I mean look at all the tenchi 
videos"she said gesturing to the shelf, "well, I have a wide range 
of tastes but there is no hentai there, mostly action movies, 
romantic comedys, like the one in your hand, martial arts, about 
every genre of anime but like I said, no hentai" "yeah, right!" 
said Ryoko wearing a black robe like Adams except it had a tiger 
on the back, "well if it ain't the lovers" said Washu, gazing at 
Adam who was still wearing his hat, Washu noticed. "What's the 
matter with you ma, I wanted some" "action" Washu cut in, "no ma, 
I wanted some priviacy, I wanted Adam but he refused so I managed 
to persude him and if you must known, yes, I enjoyed it" Washu was 
shocked and as soon as she regained her composture she said "so, 
you just left on the impusle that you would get somewhere with 
Adam, well now are you happy?" "yes, I am thank you" this shook 
Washu, "it was a rtohrical question" "well you should ask proper 
questions if your looking for answers" "look, I want you to stop 
before you get hurt, I" "want you to stop seeing Adam because of 
the attention he is atrracting from me and the others back at 
Tenchi's" said Adam copying Washu's voice as he came back with a 
tray of tea and other things, "that's not.." " bullshit, Washu you 
came here to check on me, not your daughter, or should I say 
creation? go on admit it" "alright, I admit there was some truth 
in that, but I was worried that something might of happened to 
Ryoko and she is my daughter not my creation, after all you own 
all the videos, you should know that" said Washu looking away to 
prevent Ryoko from seeing her show such weakness, "Washu, Ryoko 
can look after herself after all she is.." Adam tryed to recall 
how old she was, "over 700 years old" he said really disappointed 
he couldn't remember, "and how old are you, Adam?" asked Washu 
snidely, "old enough to know what I feel, and anyway, I have loved 
and lost many people close to me and I have absorbed a hell of a 
lotta knowlege, in my time so don't doubt me" said Adam 
visciously, "then why have you lost so many loved ones?" "Washu, I 
think that your digging yourself grave" said Ryoko trying to get 
Adam not to blow his top, "well, Washu I will answer the question, 
I have lost loved ones because I fight for what is right, I wish 
it was not that way at times, hell I even became pure evil nothing 
could stop me, the forces of heaven and hell combined and still I 
rampaged on, killing and slaughtering anyone or thing that stood 
in my path" said Adam, with his fist clenched so tight that the 
bones and cords stood out, "I have the blood of so many innocents 
on my hands from trying to save others when I have been consumed 
with rage for the world, what you don't understand Washu, is the 
effect that having you life being shit from day one, bulids you up 
with so much rage, so much anger that you will eventally turn to 
the wrong side. I have several times, I am half creature of the 
night, I can destroy any world I choose, I am virtually a god, I 
know gods with less power than I possese, I can and have destroyed 
towns, villages, sprawling citys, and just because I have lost a 
loved one. When my wife was killed by count Dracula, I went into 
the castle and tore every creature apart with my very own hands, 
the hands that hold your daughter, the hands that have snached 
Tenchi from the jaws of death, and I even ripped death apart, 
whose touch is sudden death, and when I found Dracula, hmm, I tore 
him apart piece by piece, limb from limb and then when the true 
Dracula showed himself, I could smell the fear coming off him, as 
he had witnessed my destruction of everything that moved in that 
castle, I didn't kill dracula, I obliterated him. And then the 
castle that caused horror to even the toughtest man, warped in to 
a more sinister place when I killed Dracula, and that was when the 
killing started and then raged on for a few years until I almost 
killed a beautiful woman, it was strange because I had killed 
other women some more preety and felt great pleasure when I ripped 
them apart but this one, she was not scared or anything she even 
walked over to me and held her neck out, yet I could not bite it. 
i then looked myself and discovered that I was the worst monster 
ever, I was merciless to my forces of darkness, I killed many for 
thoughts that I was uncontrolable, that I wasn't playing with a 
full deck, but this woman, she was not scared, and when I had 
discovered what I became, a load had seemed to leave my mind, and 
the hellish creatures I created disappered, and Castlevania 
crumbled. I only return to that place to visit my wifes grave, 
which I carved before I went crazy." "I had no idea.." "no one 
ever does" said Adam, getting up and sitting behind a large desk 
upon which sat a skull, a personal computer and a few other 
objects. "Adam, I'm sorry about how I acted, will you forgive me?" 
"hmmmm, I'll have to think about that" he said smiling to himself, 
Oh, and Washu, if you want to sit and watch the videos, then go 
ahead, I can see your itching to, seeing as you seem rather 
attached to that one in your hand" Washu noticed that her hand had 
turned white with the pressure she was applying, "just slap it in 
and I'll make breakfast after I phone Sasami and let her know that 
your both having breakfast here and is they wanna watch the pretty 
sammy videos and the Mihoshi special" so after Adam put on his 
usual pair of black jeans and black shirt he phoned Sasami and set 
about preparing breakfast for himself and Washu and Ryoko, while 
the other girls set about making theirs, "its been a while since 
you made our breakfast" said Sonja, "yeah" agreed the twins, "well 
hang on then, I'll go get blood from a stone and then I'll make 
breakfast for you" "we'll do it ourselves then," said Ani, "tell 
me how you make them shakes that you always drank" said Una, "its 
a recipe that will die with me" said Adam with an air about him, 
"selfish bastard" muttered Sonja "yes I am aren't I" said Adam 
smugly.

chapter 11: the return

"a female student?, no I am Washu, the top scientific genius in 
the universe, I am cute, althrough I must admit I look a little 
young" was what greeted Adam as he walked in two trays of full 
English breakfasts, "eat it all up or you can't leave" said Adam 
when he handed the two girls the trays full of food, "but I'm only 
a little girl, can't you let me off with a few little scraps of 
food?" asked Washu in a child like voice, " no because if you eat 
it all up you will become a big girl to go with your ego, 
althrough I don't think that its possible" he said doging the fork 
that was thrown at him, "and Ryoko, you gotta eat it all so you 
regain all you strengh incase we get attacked when we get back to 
Tenchi's" Ryoko blushed and as Adam turned back towards the 
kitchen, Washu whispered, "was he good was and how big was he?" 
Adam turned back and said, "its none of your business, so there" 
Washu looked horrified as Ryoko sat there laughing. Suddenly a 
little boy with blonde hair and light blue eyes came running into 
the room and said, in a voice that was neither high nor low 
pitched, "Hello, I don't want to be rude or ignorant but, who are 
you?" the two girls introdcued themsevles, and the boy replied, 
"well, welcome to my domain" he then flashed an evil smile which 
vanished without a trace, and his face was almost innocent yet, 
devilish at the same time, just then Sonja looked into the room 
and introduced herself to the guests and then left smiling to 
herself, Washu asked the boy where his father was, "I don't know 
who is or where he is" was the reply, "do you know were Adam is?" 
"who's Adam?" "the man that owns this house" "I don't know of a 
man named Adam, but this is my house and I remember that you were 
sneaking around this morning, miss Washu, I mean little Washu" 
Washu smiled at this, "well I was looking for Ryoko and here she 
is" said Washu, "you know the man you say owns the house, do you 
think he's cute and do you want to get him in bed?" "yes, I do" 
replyed Washu "well its time for me to go again, bye", and with 
that he ran off again, "that was one cute boy, I wonder who he 
was?" "I always thought that I was an ugly child" said Adam 
walking into the room, smiling. "bastard" "no, the names Adam" 
"how many episodes left?" asked Ryoko well that was episode 10, so 
3 more and then the video picture book and then the Mihoshi 
special are left" replied Adam, "well we can watch them back at 
Tenchi's" said Ryoko, handing Adam an empty plate, "not untill 
little Washu has finished hers" he said grining, as Washu sighed. 
Adam then went over to one of the shelfs and took off the 4 pretty 
sammy tapes and put them in a ruck sack along with a laptop, a 
miniture set of mechanical looking monster toys, and several 
books. "What are those for?" asked Washu handing Adam an empty 
plate, "the figures are giant mechanical monsters that I command 
when I make them change back to normal size, the videos are for 
Samai to watch, the books are for Minagi, the laptops for me and I 
am going to write a fanfiction about my 'adventures' with you 
guys" adam said as he packed volumes 6 & 7 as well as the Mihoshi 
special, "all set?" the two girls nodded as Adam opened a portal 
to Tenchi's house.

When they got back they found the usual secne, Ayeka being busy 
doing something, Mihoshi fast asleep in front of the tv, Sasami in 
the kitchen, Tenchi outside sweeping and Minagai reading a book by 
the water, "well, not what I was expecting, but nice all the same" 
said Adam putting down his bag, removing the contents and handing 
the videos of pretty sammy to Sasami, he left the Mihoshi special 
by Mihoshi, and gave Minagi the books and he sat outside, inserted 
a floppy disk into the laptop and started to type...

The end (for now)

<>means the artists/writers name or my opinion

Disclaimer:

I used many trademarked things without permission but all in the 
aid of self-insertion and cross overs. Don' sue me as I'm english 
and perminantly broke. also the guy (or gal, I'm not sexist, just 
obsessed with sex) who came up with the night hawk wings in a 
Castlevania/Tenchi cross over, I'm sorry if you don't like the 
fact I used the idea, and your fanfic was the dogs bollocks.

Any questions/comments/spelling mistakes then e-mail me at:

asskicker@richmond17.freeserve.co.uk

I will continue with the fanfics and my grammer and spelling with 
improve as I go, but only if you give me <cash> support, and also 
if you want a cameo (good or evil, please state) then e-mail me
