		The meeting of a new friend!
			by A. Richmond
    
It was a nice clear  sunny day around the Masaki home, when there 
was suddenly an electric storm. From which a tall, well bulit man 
fell with a sickening crunch. Soon a shadow fell upon him. So the 
tale begins!

chapter 1: hi there!

The first person to discover the stranger, was by Mihoshi, whose 
reaction was a scream when she tripped over him, oblivous the fact 
that he was lying in plain sight. Tenchi came to see what the 
comotion was and was shocked to find Mihoshi sprawled on the floor 
next to some guy lying in an awkward position that signaled bad 
injurys. "What the hell is going on, now?" came Ryoko's voice, 
before Tenchi had a second thought. "My, my, who's this?" enquired 
Ryoko with some surprise, "and should he be lying like that?"

The stranger was wearing a plain black baseball cap pulled down so 
that his face didn't show above his jaw, a baggy shirt with a 
double shoulder holster which contained two fully automatic 9 mm 
Uzis'. A pair of baggy black jeans on which hung a mobile phone, 
strapped to his right leg is what looked like a shotgun but it had 
almost no stock or barrel, he was wearing a strange looking watch 
with lots of strange looking coloured balls on the strap and in 
his hands he had a small metalic object and a ninja sword with the 
kanji for 'elemental bakemono nihonto' ( elemental monster sword) 
etched on the hilt. At his waist hung two beautfully crafted 
knives with hanldes decorated with snakes which were in the 
scabbards for them which were decorated with black widow spiders, 
and on the back of his jeans hung a combat knife and to complement  
his outfit he wore a black pair of boots which where tall enough 
to hide a throwing knife in each.

Ryoko stood there, and decided to state the obvious "he certinly 
likes black doesn't he?", everybody just ignored this comment 
which annoyed Ryoko. "Well hadn't we better try to see who this 
guy is and tend to his injurys?"came Washu's voice, scaring 
everyone half to death.

chapter 2: who are you?

It was a full two days' to even get him to lie straight without 
dding even more  injurys, by now the only people who hadn't seen 
the stanger was Minagai, Kiyone and Sasami. Even Ayeka had quick 
look at the stranger was. Washu had noticed that his body seemed 
to be healing at an extremely rapid rate while he slept, almost 
like in the vampire tales like Dracula.   

At lunch Tenchi asked how the stranger was doing, washu's answer 
was: "he seems to be human but he heals at a rapid rate, I 
estimate  that he will be awake with in three days at the least. I 
don't seem to be able to pry that hat out off of his head, it's 
almost as if it's being held by some invisible force," thats when 
Ryoko replied "Its just that your a wimp! I'm surpised that  you 
can sit up in bed on your own, squirt". "now, now, girls theres no 
need to be so mean at this time or anytime for that matter!  so 
just get along" said Tenchi, amazed at himself for making his 
little speech decided to sit there quietly for the rest of the 
morning. After lunch Washu noticed that the stranger had moved
almost as if he was sleeping, she was pleased that she had manged 
to remove his weapons apart from the scabard for the sword and 
that damn object in his hand!, she was dying to find out what it 
did!

chapter 3: Its' gonna be a long day

It was the very next day that Washu decided to see she could pry 
the hat off his head and
that object from his hand, just to see what it did!, she told 
herself "it's all in the aid of science!", "bullshit" replied her 
mind. When she got down to her lab she got a surprise, the subject 
was gone! After a bit of searching she discovered that he had 
fallen off the table and was lying face down on the floor, when 
she tried to lift him she found he was rather light and that she 
could carry him anywhere without any effort then finally she went 
and got some breakfast, when she returned she found Ryoko trying 
to remove the hat!,  "so you wanted to try it too?" said Washu, 
surprising Ryoko. Ryoko's reply was spat out at Washu, "I thought 
that since you were trying to get the hat off, I would come and 
help. But it seems stuck and I can't cut it at all.", "YOU DID 
WHAT!" screamed Washu, gathering herself, she said "you don't try 
to cut his hat off incase you injure him." "I was only trying to 
help you" replied Ryoko and with that she teleported to go and 
pick on Ayeka. "Good, she's gone" said Washu under her breath.

That afternoon after lunch Washu decided that she would give up 
trying to remove the hat and object from the stranger as she had 
been trying all morning. It was when Washu gave up she noticed 
that he had an ear-ring in his left ear and the jewel in it was 
black and that he had a cross hanging around his neck and this was 
also made from the black jewel and it was engraved with 'G.F. 
warrior' in really small writing. She also noticed that he needed 
a shave and that while he was recovering he still grew a beard but 
it wasn't growing very fast, which puzzled Washu, but then again 
this is nothing new. Washu then decided to leave him in peace for 
today.

chapter 4: getting up!

When Washu went to check on him she was mildly surprised to find 
him floating in mid-air, then after a while it dawned on her that 
he was floating on his own! Washu called Ryoko who was really 
shocked and this disbanded that it was Ryoko playing a trick! then 
as mysteriosly as he began to float he began to descend, feeling a 
lot of different emotions, Washu looked at Ryoko then went and had 
lunch. After lunch Tenchi came and had a look and he was more 
shocked that Washu was because the stranger was sitting up!, 
Tenchi shot out of the lab and ran straight into Washu, 
"h..h...he's u..up," gathering himself Tenchi said "he's", "up" 
replied Washu and ran in to the lab to find.....

chapter 5: surprise!

The stranger sitting up still alseep! but sitting up anyway, then 
Washu poked him in the ribs to be sure that he was still asleep, 
and to her surprise she got a sleepy "fuck off!", a bit miffed she 
slapped him and got the same reaction and with that she decided to 
let him be and just observe him.

She sat there all day not moving and happened. Then at three in 
the
morning she crawled in to a make-shift bed next to him so if 
anything happened she would know. When she a woke she got a shock 
the stranger was gone, when she sat up there was an even bigger 
surprise, the stranger moved her to where he was, where it was 
comfortable, and lay where she was, where it was not as 
comfortable. She tried to poke him but stopped incase there was 
more
responce than she was ready for.

chapter 6: time for breakfast

Washu decided to have her breakfast in the lab and even got Sasami 
to make the stranger some breakfast too, because if he woke up he 
was bound to be hungry after all he had been out for 4 days' and 
his vital signs had remained the same all that time, but what was 
strange was they were the vital signs of a person who was working 
out in the gym. When he was still asleep at noon Washu splased 
cold water on him or at least tried because as soon as it came out 
of the bucket it froze in mid-air and became a sign saying 'don't 
try it!' this got Washu relly miffed and she went to shake him 
when the ice became water again an soaked Washu, really stressed 
Washu yelled "GET UP YOU LAZY SON OF A ......" so loud Yosho herd 
it at the shrine and to her surprise the stranger turned over and 
carried on sleeping. Washu decided to have a soak in the onsen 
before she caught a cold and she decided she would dump him in as 
well!.

chapter 7: bathtime!

Washu stripped bare but decided to leave the stranger fully 
clothed, "if his phone isn't waterproof, tough!" thought Washu and 
dumped him in the hot spring, and to her surprise he carried on 
sleeping as if someone put a sheet on him, and he even made a 
smile in the water and this really stressed Washu so much she 
kicked him when she got in! and she went to kick him again but he 
caught her foot, while he was still asleep. Washu suddenly heard a 
mans' voice in her head, "If you kick  me again or anything else 
for that matter, then you will be sorry, when I do wake up!", and 
with that Washu left him alone all day in the onsen (creeping 
Tenchi out) and she finally dragged him out he was dry within 
seconds and this didn't bother Washu at all.

chapter 8: I'm up, are you O.k.?

The next morning when Washu came to check on the stranger  she 
tripped and as she fell she yelled, Washu noticed that she was 
being held a few centimeters from the edge of the table and when 
she turned she saw the stranger was holding her and this is when 
she first felt the same pang she felt when she first met Tenchi, 
she felt as if she would melt in his hands if he held her any 
longer and with that she stood up straightened her clothes 
although they weren't creased which she noticed, then he spoke, 
"you should be more careful  little Washu you wouldn't want to 
injure yourself, now would you?", Washu noticed that was the voice 
in her head then she scolded herself for not thinking it would be 
his voice. Washu's first words were, "how did you know my name?", 
and also trying to hide her blushes, the strangers reply was "well 
hello to you too, anyway its a long story and can I please have my 
weapons back?, I don't want to seem rude or arrogant but there may 
be an emergancy and I might have to rush off".

chapter 9: time to meet everyone

Washu  still interested in how he knew her name, enquired about 
his, "To my enemies I'm death, to my friends I'm Adam" was the 
reply that Washugot and she was rather surprised at his wit 
considering he had just woken up from almost a week asleep, asked 
if he had a surname "asskicker" was the reply, "cute" was all 
Washu could say. The next person on for Adam to encounter was 
Ryoko when she came through the wall next to him, Ryoko seemed 
very keen to introduce herself, but was rather put out  when he 
said her name before she could. then suddenly she felt for him the 
same she felt for Tenchi. There was silence for a few minutes then 
Adam innocently said "when's lunch?".

chapter 10: I'm starving!

At lunch Adam formally introduced himself to everyone and soon 
found he had a few admirers making eyes at him apart from Washu 
and Ryoko, first Minagi tried to get him to go for a walk with her 
down by the lake at sunset then Kiyone became very flirtitous 
which incase you  didn't know was VERY unlike Kiyone. later Adam 
explained how he came to be there  and what his powers were and 
even demonstrated them.

Adam's powers incude: The ability to mainpulate the enviroment, 
open portals to worlds' he's been to, use all aspects of e.s.p. 
for example telekineses, pryokineses, use all sorts of magic, 
summon monsters, use materia (the multi-coloured balls which 
contain monsters and magic) which is on his watch, teleport, 
activate   a   guyver unit (upon hearing this Washu smiled), turn 
invisble, shoot harpoons which can open into claws from his hands, 
create smoke screens, breath fire, freeze objects, sprout wings, 
shapeshift into anything ( this raised a smile on Ryoko's face), 
use all aspects of the force (both dark and light, for more info 
play jedi knights: dark forces 2), rapid healing, do all the moves 
that Gouki/Akuma can, speak with animals, become a half demon, 
steal souls and duplicate others powers just by touch ing bare 
flesh. He also explained why he has many female 'admirers' (when 
his powers awakened, women were suddenly attracted to him, upon 
hearing this Tenchi looked as if he was shot), that he knew many 
'explosive' fighting styles and that he is half vampire, and 
didn't have any of the weaknesses but all of the strenghts (this 
means he's a dhampire) and these are to just mention a few.

chapter 11: no need for that, Ayeka

It had been a very uneventful two days even with the new guest who 
would always help out saying "since I may be her for a while, I 
may as well help out and anyway it saves me being lazy, after all 
I slept roughly a week." the very next day Ayeka decided to see if 
she could get Adam to do her chores for her by saying "I'm the 1st 
princess of Jurai, and you are just a commoner, so you must do as 
I say!, Adam on the other hand just turned round and replied "I'm 
the prince of the underworld and love in the same world, the 
sultan of sarcasam and the emperor of two realms: the realm of 
D.Nukem and the realm of Ms.Croft, so put that in your pipe and 
smoke it! oh, I just remebered! I'm soon to take the throne of the 
Garibaldian world, I'm also the royal doctor on Tekkenous" and 
with that he turned back playing cards with Sasami using a deck of 
beautiful cards with pictures of people and monsters on.

Ayeka did her work in silence while thinking about what had been 
said to her, when she struck upon the idea of trying to become 
friends "in the loosest possible terms! because then the Jurain 
army will be unmatched" thought Ayeka saying the last part out 
loud. Later Washu asked Adam for a sample, unaware that he knew 
what she ment and was surprised when he refused instead of asking 
of what and he said, "Oh, didn't I tell everyone that this world 
is also a very good set of anmie programs of which there are three 
VERY different types, comics, graphic novels, videos, postcards, 
pictures both hentai and non hentai, fanfics, websites, DVDs,  
various merchandise, artbooks, 3 movies, a set of videos set in an 
alternative world where Sasami is a super-heroine? and there's two 
computer games and  a set of collectors cards as well as a radio 
show. after all I was thinking about a new fanfiction I read when 
I was teleported here." 

chapter 12: Enter the enemies (that sounds disgusting!)

The next afternoon as everyone was preparing for a meal that Adam 
was cooking, a shadow decended upon the house. On board 'The 
Tomba' there was a fleet of strange looking hybrids, some looked 
like a cross between a snake,a man and a dog, whilst others are 
simply un-describle (think your worst nightmare and multiply it by 
1000 and your not anywhere near it).

When the meal was ready there was the call of " do you smeeellla 
what the doc.... is cookin'", "That was the best meal I ever had! 
no offence, Sasami." said Tenchi, Sasami's reply was "none taken, 
because it was the best I ever had,too!",   then Mihoshi asked 
"what was the different types of food did we have again?", before 
Adam had chance to reply Ryoko answered: "brains with sheeps guts 
boiled in..., Mihoshi suddenly turned very green, then Adam said: 
"We had a chilli con carni,  then lemon grass chicken, plaice 
fillets with koi and fish stock spiced with a secret blend of 
spices". Mihoshi changed back to her natural skin tone as Adam 
looked at Ryoko and she just smiled sweetly and layed a hand on 
his knee which he swept off in a split second much to Ryoko's 
surprise at such speed. Then his watch started to beep, at this he 
stood up walked out side and watched as a huge ship de-cloaked in 
front of him.

chapter 13: so there you are!

Suddenly a female voice was heard saying "heads up!", Adam looked 
straight up and a very large rucksack with a metal frame strapped 
to it hit him right in the forehead, laying him out on the floor. 
A few hours later when he woke back up he was fine, he found Washu 
trying to open the bag to see what was in it and if she could take 
it apart to see how it works. Adam crept up on the unsuspecting 
Washu and tapped her lightly on the shoulder, this had a 
devastating effect on her as her jumped over  the bag in a sitting 
position. "Don't you know curiosity kiled the cat?" said Adam to a 
terrified Washu, who stammered "l..l...lucky f..f..for m..me I'm 
not a cat" recovering with every word. "if your so eager then I 
will show you, anyway did you try to get a sample while I was 
out?" Washu just blushed and answered   " yes, but I couldn't get 
your buttons open.", at this Adam just looked as he normally does, 
blank.

After Adam opened the bag with no effort at all he emptyed the 
contents on to the floor, out came: two swords, a double barreled 
mini rocket launcher, a sinper rifle that needed to be assembled, 
a dessert eagle handgun, a dozen boxes of explosive ammo and a 
dozen of splinter ammo for the dessert eagle   a laptop with zip 
drive and cd-rom drive, a bag full of potions and vials and other 
items, a miniture strange looking motorbike, what look like an 
army of toy monsters, a  copy of the Tenchi Muyo! encyclopedia, a 
copy of the Anime compaion, copys of the graphic novels: Samurai 
space opera and Magical girl pretty  Sammy, a floppy disk with 
'Tenchi fanfics'  written on it, a black  pokeball and finally a 
Playstation with a huge range of games covering every genre (rpg, 
fighting, racing, shooting, etc.).

It was then that the attack started .

chapter 14: time to attack!

The first wave consisted  of  mostly the snake/dog/man cross 
stroming the house, the furthest they got was the windows, as Adam 
had sensed them coming and with that he sped around the house 
leaving clones, they lack his powers but they have his 
intellegance and fighting skills, to defend it from the invaders. 
Then everyone noticed that he house was surrounded by the enemy, 
Yosho was on his way to see why Tenchi was late for pratice, 
"wouldn't be surprised if it was the girls who were keeping him 
away, I wonder...", his mind wondered, then it snapped back in 
place when he saw the house surrounded by strange monsters and he 
was suddenly astouned when everyone came out of the house like 
they were surrendering when suddenly....

TO BE CONTINUED ...(maybe)

chapter 15: the fight begins! (at last!)

Everyone emerged from the house then one of the creatures came 
forth and said "I see that you think resistance is futile and that 
you will be assimilated to become one of us, we will use your 
bodys for their genetic codes and we will eliminate all weaknesses 
in your bodies while increasing our strengths with your 
strengths". "I didn't say I was giving up," said Adam " I don't 
know about the rest of you but I will kick your butt so hard, the 
next 5 generations are gonna bruised!", and with that Adam took up 
a fighting stance with the strange metallic object held lenghtways 
and two plasma blades came out each end, "how do you like my 
plasma staff, I made it myself.", Tenchi had Tencikken ready with 
the blade out, Ryoko had her beam sword as did Minagi, Washu stood 
there with a huge gun, Mihoshi and Kiyone stood with GP shockwave 
cannons and Ayeka was wearing her Juraiain battle suit (see 'we 
need tenchi' episode #7). The battle was hard won and it lasted an 
hour, then the second wave arrived.

The second wave was of creatures that looked like the first wave 
execpt bulker and there was some other type of creature which 
looked like a baboon with double jointed arms, an aligator, a frog 
and it was bi-pedal. Adam and the others flew through the 
creatures that looked like the first wave but made a terrible 
discovery when they attacked the of the creatures, they can split 
in two! "SHIT!" yelled Ryoko when a creature did this and 
surrounded her, both Adam and Tenchi shot over and took one side 
each, soon there were little chunks where the creature was and 
standing there was Adam and Tenchi was shaking hands. Soon however 
this battle was over and the ground shook as one HUGE creature 
with six arms came out and just his voice shook the ground, he 
spoke and said: "SO YOU HAVE DEFEATED MY SQUAD LETS SEE IF YOU CAN 
BEAT ME!!!", everybody attacked at once and every attack that hit 
did nothing, and he managed to deflectect most attacks, he soon 
how ever turned the tide of the battle  and everytime he struck it 
would connect with someone.

chapter 16: we need...A break

Thats it, now I'm pissed off!, your gonna die you son of a bitch!" 
yelled Adam when he saw what was happening to Ryoko, she was being 
crushed in his hand like she was fresh air and Adam saw that in 
his other hands were Minagi, Washu, Sasami, Kiyone and Mihoshi. 
Adam used every weapon he had on his body and they all had no 
effect, he used every fighting style and none of them worked not 
even the Hokuto Shin Ken style worked or any of the other six 
Nanto Sei ken styles, he even used the forbidden techniques, the 
Shungokusatsu (also known as the raging demon' or the 'hell blink 
murder')and the technique only known as 'king fist', both of which 
can kill the person who executed the moves, he used the 'hudred 
crack fist', the 'lone eagle fist' and the 'waterfowl fist' which 
cut Ryokos favorite green and pink dress (the one with the tail) 
which really stressed Ryoko and she started to hurl abuse to Adam, 
who as always took it in his stride and simply replied; " be 
thankful it didn't hit you properly or you would of fallen into 
thousands pieces by now" this soon shut Ryoko up.

"HAVE YOU FINISHED YET? ARE YOU READY TO ACCEPT DEATH?" said the 
creature to Adam, who propmtly answered "fuck you!" "VERY WELL 
THEN, YOU WILL DIE NOW!" said the creature raising his foot, and 
stepping on Adam there was a sickening chrunch as blood flowed 
from under the colossal foot. 

chapter 17: OYAJJII! (sounds: oi-ya-ge, think Dan from Street 
Fighter Alpha/zero 2)

Ayeka and Tenchi where still out cold when the creature walked 
toward them with his captives all crying at loss of their new 
friend, they suddenly heard a familiar voice in each of their 
heads and it said "I didn't know you all cared, what a shame I'm 
not dead." then it slowly dawned on the girls that it was Adam, 
then there was a battlle cry it sounded like 'oyajjiii!', the 
creature looked up and saw a black figure with a sort of armour 
that had a sphere at his waist, on his forehead and at the sides 
of his head, above the sphere on his head was a green jewel, on 
his head was rows of spikes, both his elbows had two long blades 
on each, the armour moved at lighting speed at landed a blow that 
knocked the creature off of its feet and it landed making a large 
crater, when it got up it said: "THAT IS THE MOST POWERFUL BIO-
BOOSTER ARMOUR THAT I HAVE EVER SEEN, WHERE DID YOU GET IT?" " 
Woolworths" was the reply from the Guyver. 

"IMPOSSIBLE, HOW COULD YOU OF SURVIVED?" said the creature "A good 
magician never reveals how his tricks are done, Death can not 
contain me, for I am death", then Two other guyvers appeared one 
green and purple, the other was a purple that was so dark it was 
almost black and it had   pink cords on it, the dark one spoke: 
"Who are you and were did you get that guyver unit?" "It is not 
from this dimension, and my name is death to my enemies and Adam 
to my friends, now that the introduction is over can you help me 
free my friends?"

chapter 18: three on one? ...I'll allow it!

The three guyvers formed a plan using the telepathic link and soon 
put the plan in to action, they all attacked at once then 
individually using a different abillity then all three used the 
gravity weapon when the creature started to show signs of weakness 
but the plan back fired as the gravity ball sped toward the 
creature and then it sped back to its source, lucky the green 
(Sho) and purple (Agito) managed to get out of the way while the 
black one simply stood there and it vanished in front of him. The 
creature stood there and said: WHAT!! THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE! NO THING 
CAN STOP THE PRESSURE CANNON!" "nothing's impossilbe for me", and 
with that he vanished for sight and suddenly the creatures hands 
fell off in pairs and seemed to flot down to the ground gently.  
"Sho, Agito, get out of the way, he's gonna fire some weapon like 
the mega smasher" shouted Adam just as the shoulders of the 
creature opened up to reveal mega smasher type cannons which fired 
straight away instead of carging, luckily the two guyvers moved in 
time. When the smoke had cleared Adam was standing there in front 
of the creature in a deathlock, the creature had grown a new set 
of hands, and was crushing Adam, when suddenly he bit deep in to 
Adam's chest, Adam screamed in agony, as blood spurted out of the 
fresh wound, then suddenly the armour retracted "what the fuck?" 
said Sho as Adam was being crushed in to a bloody mess, already 
blood was pouring from his mouth, as the others still trapped in 
the hands,  watched in horror, when the creature lent forward, 
opened his jaws and.....
 

TO BE CONTINUED......later

chapter 19: later

Suddenly a Bokken flew forward and jammed the jaw wide open, Adam 
seizing the chance Adam shouted: "solid armour activation 
sequance" then Adam was engulfed in light and when it subsided in 
Adam's place was a robotic suit that was as black as tar and it 
seemed to draw in the light, "time for a bit of fun!" said the 
suit as he gripped the beasts lower jaw and started to close its 
mouth with the bokken still in place, soon there was the sound of 
cracking as the bokken broke, and Yosho walked over as if noting 
was happening and calmly said: "That was my only bokken, when will 
you be replacing it?" "soon" was the reply from Adam as he managed 
to close the creatures mouth with the bokken sticking through the 
roof of the mouth. Adam sprouted twin blades out of his wrists and 
severed off the creatures head, the body's grip was increasing as 
an eye opened on the chest "oh, my god, look at that" said Kiyone 
as the fixed on Adam's stomach, then a set of jaws opened under 
the eye. Adam jammed his blades in to the eye just as the creature 
was going to  bite him, blinded, it loosened its grip and seizing 
his chance Adam slipped free and a part on the helmet opened up 
and so did the front of the torso and they started to charge with 
energy just as he called to the guyvers to use their mega smashers 
on the creature, the two guyvers fired their mega smashers just as 
Adam fired his weapons and the creature was instantly destroyed 
along with his ship and a few trees.

chapter 20: well, that was fun!

Later that day everyone had thanked the two guyvers and invited 
them to stay for dinner but they declined and left, soaking in the 
onsen Adam was trying to avoid the attentions of the ladies by 
encasing himself in stone but that didn't last very long so he 
just gave in and let them fuss over him, he didn't like it but, as 
they say 'when in Rome...' Ryoko was trying to get him to remove a 
baggy long sleeved t-shirt while Minagi was trying to get him to 
remove a towel from around his waist, neither of them was 
succesful in their efforts and Kiyone was just watching, amused at 
the trouble he was in, sure he fought a hard battle and killed 
many, yet he couldn't handle a pair of women fawning over him. He 
managed to catch Washu stalking Tenchi, and he yelled a warning to 
Tenchi and this annoyed Washu who came over to try and remove the 
cloth he had on his face instead of his hat, he still wore his 
sunglasses over the cloth though. 

chapter 21: the end is nigh 

Suddenly a portal opened and out stepped a man who was built like 
Adam but he showed his face, had short hair like Adam without the 
ponytail, and he wore a t-shirt with blue jeans. "Its time to come 
home, so get your stuff and come on we gotta go see Chun-li and 
then Armitge" said the stranger undisturbed that Adam was being 
fawned over by what look like sisters but he knew better, they 
were Ryoko and her daughter Minagi."chill bro there's no rush..." 
"but there is, shadowlaw have developed a portal making machine" 
within a flash Adam was out of the onsen and fully clothed. 
"hadn't we better get going? anyway why should we go see Naomi? 
"asked Adam to his brother Al. Because she couldn't contact you so 
she contacted me and boy was she pissed! it was her birthday and 
you swore you would be there, oh, I had better warn you she said 
if you aren't there in four hours, she will hunt you down and 
castrate you with a rusty butter knife." "lovely so get there in, 
mmm... say ten hours?" With that comment he said goodbye and that 
"I'll be back, maybe not today, maybe not tommrrow but someday".He 
then walked through the portal with his brother to return.....

some day soon

(not the next day but the one after that, but thats another story, 
so keep watch every month)

			NIGH   (THE END).

characters 	played by

Ryoko 	 	herself
Ayeka 		herself
Al		Adam 'Asskicker' Richmond
Mihoshi	 	herself 
Minagi 	 	herself 
Kiyone 		herself
Tenchi		himself
Sasami  	herself 
Adam		adam'Asskicker' Richmond	
Yosho 		himself 
Sho 		himself
Agito 		himself
Washu 		herself 

Did you find the referances to my games collection? If so e-mail 
and tell me what games you found. 

Disclaimer:
All the above characters execpt for the enemies, Adam and his 
brother Al are copyrighted and so are most of the stuff I 
mentioned. I didn't ask if I could use them but I did anyway. 
Don't sue as I'm english and always skint

any questions/compliants/spelling miztakez/cameos in my future 
stories (not just Tenchi but others, please say which anime and if 
I've seen it about, I'l l  write about it) 

Then don't hesiate to e-mail me @
asskicker@richmond17.freeserve.co.uk 
