			Adam's return
			     By
			A. Richmond


(For the previous events refer to 'the meeting of a new friend')


chapter 1: It begins (again)

It had been two days from when Adam left the Masaki residance & 
things were back to what passed for normal. Washu was woking on a 
portable device for creating gateways to other realms, when 
suddenly there was a swirling of black that resembled a whirlpool 
but it was vertical & from it stepped a shadowy figure but before 
it could reveal its identity Washu pointed a huge gun at the 
shadow & stated "This is my lab & no one gets in unless I say so" 
so the figure replied in a voice Washu had heard before but 
couldn't place "well can I come in?".

1 hour later:

Sasami was preparing to cook lunch when suddenly all the food was 
prepared to be cooked & when she turned to see what caused this 
she saw that Ryo-ohki had disappered, then she heard Ryo-okhi 
talking to someone & she heard a man's voice & as she crept to see 
who it was the man said he needs to see a few people & that he 
would be back for lunch. When Sasami tried to ask Ryo-okhi who it 
was Ryo-okhi just replied "a friend". Ayeka was just relaxing out 
in the sun when a shadow fell on her, "Ryoko I suggest that you 
let me be or else there will be trouble!" the a male voice spoke: 
" I'm so sorry to of disturbed you Princess" & the shadow was gone 
before she could open her eyes. Ryoko was sitting out in the 
forest when she felt a pair of arms embrace her, the reaction was 
"Tenchi, what powerful arms you have so muscular....Wait a minute 
Tenchi isn't muscular, who are you?" & when she turned around the 
pair of arms were gone, thats strange thought Ryoko, & when she 
turned back Adam was sitting there drinking her sake. "what do you 
think your doing? thats my sake!" yelled Ryoko at Adam, whose 
reply was sort & sweet: "I'm drinking it" stunned Ryoko just sat 
there as Adam finished of the 2cm of sake she left & he disappered 
when he finished it. The next person to recive a visit was Tenchi, 
"hey, there Tenchi!" Tenchi looked up from his work & saw nobody 
around & then continued his work "hey, don't be ignorant say hi 
back or aren't you glad I came back?" then it dawned on Tenchi, he 
looked up at the sound & saw the air shimmer & be still as the 
owner of the voice teleported. Kiyone & Mihoshi were walking in 
the forest when they saw the bush move as if someone was sitting 
on it & then they heard a voice "My, my aren't we both looking 
pretty today?" & then the bush moved as if the person was standing 
up, this freaked Mihoshi out & she started to cry when she 
reconised the voice was wasn't scared anymore just as the air 
shimmered as he teleported to see Minagi Who was reading a book 
that Adam left behind called 'the tricks & games of a pool/snooker 
table" when she felt someone next to her she turned & there was 
nobody there & when she turned back to read the book it was gone & 
there was a stranger reading it in front of her. "hey whats the 
big idea!" Minagi shouted as the stranger disappered.

At lunch all the people who was visited told the others about the 
expiriance & just as they agreed that they knew who it was Adam 
appeared in the door way. "well, well what do we have here? a sake 
bandit, an interdimentional traveler, a disturber of peace, a 
rogue chef, a nosy parker & with serial complimenting of ladies" 
"thats right, & theres a few more charges but I won't go into 
that", came the reply.

chapter 2:New allies, new enemies

The next few hours were just flying past when Adam explained what 
he had been doing, helping Washu & play games with Sasami, when it 
was time for bed Adam said that he would go home to his bed & come 
back tomorrow but the girls begged him to stay for the night & 
they got Tenchi to let him stay. then there was the argument where 
he would stay, first Ryoko said he could stay in her room & she 
would sleep with Tenchi, this was disapproved of so she said she 
could stay with Adam & Adam said no, then Washu said he could 
sleep in the lab but he turned it down because the girls would try 
& have their way with him being retained but Washu's inventions, 
then Minagi said he could sleep in her quarters on her ship but 
this was turned down by Adam as well becaue only Minagi had access 
to the ship. so it was decided that he would sleep on the sofa.The 
night was very eventful as Adam crashed on the sofa, first Ryoko 
sat on the beam to see if he changed his clothes & watched as he 
snapped his fingers & his jeans became track suit bottoms & his 
shirt a sweat top, he then removed his boots & took his hat off & 
shook it once & it changed into a hood, he also took off a pair of 
sunglasses & put them on the table. later that night Ryoko tried 
to get a peek at his face & when she gave up tryed on his 
sunglasses & althrough on one side they were mirrored they where 
like normal glasses on the other side. A few miniutes later Minagi 
came down & tried to sneek a kiss off of him but everytime she 
tried he turned over, & when she gave up he said "goodnight 
Minagi", Then it was Washus turn at tring to get something she 
tried to remove his clothes so that when some one came down in the 
morning it would look like she had her way & then he would be all 
hers but she couldn't do anything because when she tried she 
couldn't move her arms " bastard" whispered Washu, "you called?" 
said Adam in responce.

In a galaxy far, far away, there was a lone ship the 'Galoob' & on 
borad was a crew of three people: Duke who looked like Kagato but 
has hazel eyes & cyan hair with a part in the middle, Ai who 
looked like Washu & Ryoko crossed with purple hair & red eyes & 
then there was Gelvar who was 8 foot tall, he had spikes coming 
rom his heels & elbows with huge fangs protuding from the sides of 
his mouth, he was brown with black tiger stripes & he was all 
muscle. Duke said "I have locked on to a planet that will serve 
our puroses well about 6.9 million lightyears from our current 
position" "well whats keeping us from this place?" said Gelvar 
"course set, engaging SNES drive... now" & with that the ship 
disappered heading towards earth. Destination: The Ookayama 
prefacture.

chapter 3:The truth

"Look Tenchi, I'll come clean this isn't just a friendly visit 
because I have a feeling that you will need some help with what 
will happen in the next few days" said Adam, "Why whats 
happening?"asked Tenchi but Adam only shook his head. Then the 
phone rang It was Hiwa Takashi, she telephoned Tenchi because she 
was dying & she arranged a visit, which pleased Tenchi. When she 
arrived she met Adam & Caught up with had gone on in the time they 
hadn't seen each other & later that day Adam checked Hiwa out to 
see what he could do for her after all she was Tenchi's friend & 
he had not long ago absorbed a lot of different doctors knowlege & 
was dying to try out the new found knowlege with out the other 
person trying to play doctor with him. He soon found that he may 
have a way to stop her dying.

Meanwhile in the orbit of the earth was  the 'Galoob', the crew 
was just putting the finishing touches to their plan to take over 
& then use the resoures to build weapons of mass destruction, 
"Lets get this over with because the quicker we capture this 
planet the sooner we rule it" said Gelvar. "what sort of 
resistance will we recive?" asked Ai, readying her assault bio-
cannon "well our scans show that there is very little that would 
stop us, about the only things that will stop us is a 'nuclear 
missle', a 'H-bomb' or something called an 'A-bomb' but I doubt 
they will use these weapons as they can also destroy a very large 
area & contaminate the soil as well as the water"said Duke playing 
with his wrist mounted auto-cannon. "well lets go then!" said 
Gelvar getting up & picking up his weapon, a laser gattling gun 
with a grenade launcher on the barrels.

chapter 4:The phoenix

"I have some good news concerning Hiwa & unfortunatly I also have 
some bad news" said Adam when Tenchi asked him when everyone had 
gone to bed. Then Sasami walked past holding the soft toy of a 
cute little dinosaur that Adam gave her, "well I want the bad news 
first" said Tenchi when Sasami was gone " We might need to go on a 
quest & what we bring back might not work but that will be a last 
reserve after I try a few other things, I just hope we don't have 
to go on the quest because..." Adam trailed off looking grim, "if 
I could see his face he would look really depressed" thought 
Tenchi. "the good news is that I have several ways that may work 
but if they don't or if Hiwa is allergic we're in deep shit, 
especially if shes allergic".

Adam spent the next few days trying everything he could but none 
of it was working, Adam almost admitted defeat but then he 
realised what he could try, Vampires blood has amazing healing 
proertys, & he was half vampire plus he already had a rapid 
healing ability before he was bitten, & he also drank someones 
blood which had the healing propertys & it sped his healing up, so 
he decided to gather his friends with healing abilitys & draw 
blood from them & himself, mix it & inject Hiwa. He told Hiwa the 
plan, when she heard him say that he was half vampire she got very 
scared but then she calmed down & agreed to have it done, but 
first Adam needed a sample of her blood & she was blood type o, & 
this is the blood type that mixes with any other. So the next day 
Adam set off on his quest for blood & sent the others on a quest 
in a different world for a Phoenix Feather. Adam Visited Woverine 
from the x-men & got a sample of blood & a date with Rogue, then 
he visited Morrigan & Lilth for blood, they was glad to give him 
some in return for a kiss, he then met with Demitri for blood, 
Demitri agreed only if he could bite Adam & they struck this deal, 
Adam next went & got blood from Adrian Farinheight Tepes alis 
Alucard in return for an item that Adam reproduced using his 
watch. Then it was off to meet with Tenchi & the gang, When he met 
up with them they was attacked by a strange bug that had a jaw 
made of three mandibles & a pair of wings, this was soon defeated 
& they soon got to the Phoenix's lair, when they found the Phoenix 
it was being attacked by a very large monster with 4 heads, each 
with a symbol of an element, Adam was the first to attack by 
taking out a small black ball which soon grew in size & he threw 
it at the monster & said "Go! Pikame" & out of the ball sprung a 
golden Pikachu, Adam then said "Sarah, Attack!" & with that a 
mouse came out of his breast pocket & jumped to the floor & before 
it hit the ground it became a wolf that was twice the size of a 
normal one, & it flew at the beast biting & clawing, "Pikame, 
transform into Mewtwo & use pyshco-beam". Then the others sprung 
into action. the battle between Adam & the others against the 
beast raged for hour when they finally slayed it, Adam checked the 
Phoenix to find it was dying, Adam decided to try & heal the 
creature by using fire magic but it just turned the Phoenix to 
ashes. "well that was clever! there goes Hiwa's chance up in 
ashes, now what if that plan with the blood goes wrong?" said 
Ryoko, & almost on cue the Phoenix was reborn from the ashes, & it 
spoke "Thank you for ending my misery & defeating that creature, 
now bring your friend forward so that I may help you for helping 
me" & with that Hiwa walked forward & Phoenix spoke again "don't 
be afraid child for I won't hurt you" & with that the Phoenix 
spread its wings & suddenly Hiwa was covered in a bright red glow 
& soon after the glow faded & when Adam scaned here using a 
strange looking block he said she was cured. After they thanked 
the Phoenix they left for their own world & it was then that Ryoko 
noticed the bite mark healing on Adam's neck & the lipstick on his 
lips.

chapter 4:the home coming

When everyone got back Ryoko asked Adam to come outside, Adam 
agreed, not realising that the two succubuses had been wearing 
lipstick, Ryoko was furious at the things she had noticed when 
they went outside, he had two different lipsticks on his lips, a 
bite mark on his neck & his clothes were crumpled. "So by the 
looks of things you enjoyed getting laid, I mean getting the 
blood" it was then that it dawned on Adam what she had ment, Rogue 
had crumpled his clothes by hugging him, Morrigan & Lilith were 
wearing lipstick & when Demitri had bit him he wasn't healing very 
fast, "look it isn't what it looks like, One vampire agreed to 
give me blood if I gave him mine & it was a guy, the lipstick is 
because two female vampires would only give me blood if I kissed 
them & my clothes are crumpled because an old flame hugged me, oh 
& if you must know, I'm going out with that old flame friday!" the 
last part made Ryoko flinch as if was burned. Adam apolagized, 
Ryoko replied: "I'm s.s.s.sorry I acted  the way I did, it was 
because I...." Ryoko was cut off as a huge ship started to 
descend. "Holy shit!" excalimed Kiyone when she saw the ship 
"thats the Galoob, flew by the three most wanted criminals in 
seven universes! they destroy planets, shoot first & don't bother 
to even think about asking questions later" "thats bad isn't it?" 
asked Mihoshi, to which Adam replied "yes, exetremely bad" as he 
walked into the room with Ryoko "so what will we do?" asked Ayeka 
"well I think we should get more info on these scum" replied Adam 
with a glint in his eye.

"captin, we're Ready to dis-embark" said Duke "good, bring our 
guest out of cold storage & prep him for action" said Gelvar with 
an evil grin. Duke soon got to the room marked 'stasis chamber' 
once there he began typing on a console & soon a glass cylinder 
was retracted from the centre of the room "welcome back sensei" 
said Duke with a grin. Adam started to crack his knuckles louder 
that Kiyone could talk without shouting " & with that I *crack* 
think that we should *crack* let them make *crack* the first 
*crack* move so we find out what they plan to do *crack*. once we 
know their plans then *crack* we formulate a *crack* plan, Adam do 
YOU *crack* have any ideas that *crack* won't get any of us 
killed? *crack* well?" "as a matter of fact I do, thank you very 
much, I prepose that one of us (gesturing to himself) should sneak 
aboard & find out their plans & throw a spanner into the works" " 
what are you crazy!" cried Ryoko, Washu & Minagi together " you 
could get killed!" said Kiyone worriedly she then made her voice 
return to normal "anyway I said that none of us would be killed" 
"as I said last time I was 'killed' 'you cannot kill death', & 
anyway I done more dangerous stuff than this & look I'm still 
breathing" he said holding his breath at the end.

chapter 5:Kagato?

Adam suddenly doubled over & then stood up again is if nothing 
happened "well that was strange, I never felt like that since I 
slayed Dracula & his mistress for killing someone close to me. Oh 
shit! I can feel something I don't want to be feeling, its..." he 
trailed off just as Kagato materilised in front of him, but he was 
different he was taller, more built & lots of energy just oozed 
off him. "well your all looking rather fine & healthy, this fine 
day" spoke Kagato sarcasticly, "well looks like you & I have 
something in common, we both have new friends" he said as he 
looked at Adam with evil intent unaware that Adam was giving him a 
look that could kill an elephant for what he had done to the 
others. "alas for the time has come to start the fun" & with that 
he moved with amazing speed with a right jab to Tenchi that sent 
him across the room, Adam had released a blast of pshyic blast at 
Kagato who just turned & swated him like a fly to which Adam 
responded with a devastating volley of kicks which Kagato blocked 
with amazing force & speed & suddenly countered by grabbing Adam's 
leg & snapping it off like a twig. "well I have other business to 
attend to so I'll take whats mine & leave"& with that he grabed 
Ryoko by the neck & flashed a pair of fangs & was gone, "shit! he 
pulled off my leg, oh & took Ryoko with him, bastard! hey Tenchi 
you ok?" Adam asked as he crawled over to his leg, which he picked 
up & held to the stump which soon rejoined with the severed limb 
"bastard he ruined my last pair of jeans, I'm going to kill him & 
bring Ryoko back by lunch!" he said as he picked up his sword & 
teleported up to the ship.

"well did you enjoy yourself? I see that you brought back a 
trophy, mind if I 'borrow' her when your finished?" asked Duke 
looking at Ryoko who was out cold, Kagato replied "she isn't for 
that purpose & yes I did enjoy myself" then came a message over 
the intercom "come to the brige for breifing" "I'll secure her 
while you continue up to the bridge" said Duke to Kagato, when 
Kagato had left Duke tied Ryoko up & started to undress her just 
as Adam materilsed with his sword in his hand. Duke never had the 
chance to even draw breath or even think of turning around. Blood 
spurted all over the room covering Adam & Ryoko when suddenly the 
intercom came on "Duke where are you?" "same place your heading" 
replied Adam as he warped back to the others. "what the hell 
happened?! no one can get in without the sensors detecting them & 
it looks like Duke was caught unaware but at least he died with 
little or no pain just look at the clean cut" said Ai when she 
came to see the source of the strange voice on the intercom & 
noticed that the blood formed a message that read: You will all 
pay.

Ryoko was going to be fine but still Adam sat by her bed day & 
night almost as if he was protecting her from danger & had pointed 
his sword to Washu whenever she came quitely to check on her 
daughter, Adam was vigilent with sitting with her day & night not 
sleeping or eating, with what was left of his lunch two days ago 
next to him, he even canceled his date with Rogue saying that 
something had came up & that he won't be around for a while, then 
Ryoko opened her eyes to find that Adam was sitting there holding 
her hand on one side & tenchi sleeping on a chair not far away on 
the other. "m.m.my what a surprise to find you sitting t.t.there 
holding my hand" said Ryoko surprised, trying to keep her feelings 
in check but failing as tears rolled down her face, "don't worry 
your safe, I killed the bastard who was gonna rape you & I left 
them a little message" said Adam as he wiped her tears away, she 
tried to sit up but Adam made he lie still, "now as you we're 
saying when the ship appeared" he said to Ryoko who turned her 
head to face the ceiling as she beagn to try & say the words she 
had been trying to say to Tenchi for what felt forever "I.I.I..I 
think t.t.that I.I.I (she cleared her throat) l.l.l.love..." "I 
know, you love Tenchi but when I'm around you love us both. Well 
I'm sorry about it if it tears you apart inside but its a power 
that I cannot control" & he turned to go when Ryoko called him 
"Adam its not that, I think that its really love but if it isn't, 
I'll still enjoy being with you" "Ryoko, I don't.." Adam started, 
"you don't what? don't love me? don't think that I'm good enough? 
don't think I'm what?" "I don't think you can handle the attention 
from other women that I attract, I mean Washu, Minagi & Kiyone 
have become attracted to me & you could lose Tenchi & I don't want 
that as it can be extremely painful to lose someone close, I know" 
& with that Adam left.

chapter 6: Adam's past

Ryoko sat on the roof as was startled by Washu who said "penny for 
your thoughts" "men" was the reply from Ryoko "well tell your mom 
about it then" & so Ryoko explained that she loved both Adam & 
Tenchi but she didn't know who she should choose & that she didn't 
want to be hurt by them & Washu said that only she can a decide. & 
they both watched as Adam sat & watched the sun go down & quitely 
say "I miss you Louise, still" & he soon jumped into the lake & 
started to swim at great speed for the other side & when he got 
there he looked back & saw Ryoko & Washu who waved & he turned 
away & walked in to the forest out of sight. Lunchtime came & went 
& still there was no sign of Adam, They soon explored the forest 
but couldn't locate him & they went back to the house to discover 
a note from Adam which said: 'I must leave as I have some business 
to attend to, please contact me using the watches on the table if 
anything happens but only if something happens. Adam' so everyone 
took a watch & on each was a name & when they said the name a 
voice responded with "unit activated, hello master, I am a mini 
computer which has been given to you by my inventer, Adam 
asskicker, please enjoy my services" Washu looked at hers & smiled 
& to her surprise hers said "don't take me apart as I will self-
destruct" Washu's smile soon faded.

Adam was standing at a grave quietly talking to the gravestone, 
when a he heard footstep behind him, he didn't even move as the 
person laid a hand on his shoulder & said "I'm sorry about what 
happened I tried to save her but we were too late" "I know but I 
can't help it, the pain died hard & I'm falling in love again" "we 
all must let go sometime, the sooner the better. goodbye it was 
good seeing you again" & the person was gone. Adam turned away 
said goodbye to the gravestone which read: 'Louise Richmond wife 
of Adam, may her soul rest in peace.' Adam had carved the stone 
while greving, it was carved very beautfully with angels, roses & 
a pair of figures holding hands carved on it, it was hard to tell 
that a such a thing of beauty had been made from a sad event. Adam 
noticed that his wifes grave was the only one that wasn't defaced 
or broken, her death was not easy to take first came the bloood 
lust then the deaths of many innocents & then he slept of 3 years 
& was woken up by res-erection of the creature that had killed 
her, Dracula. When the Belmont decendant & Alucard enetered 
Castlevaina, bodys of the creatures lay scattered everywhere, the 
cause of this massercare, a lone man with incredable powers that 
were unmatched even by Dracula. When they discoverd Death he was 
being attaked by a man wearing strange clothes & was fighting bare 
handed & was winning agaisnt the creature whose touch is instant 
death, yet still the man proceded to rip death apart & when he had 
finished the little pieces that were once death disappered & when 
the man turned to face Alucard, a shiver ran down Alucards spine & 
the Dhamire couldn't even bare the man looking at him because of 
the urge the man felt to kill was overwhelming even to Alucard. 
later when Alucard had met with Dracula he was almost killed & the 
Belmont was almost dead as well, Dracula was gloating when the man 
came from the shadows & the battled with Alucards father with such 
anger & other emotions that overwhemed him, Dracula was not just 
scared but terrified & the man had soon killed, no, totally 
destroyed the lord of the undead with his bare hands. The castle 
instead of crumbling like it normally did when Dracula was 
destoryed seemed to warp in to something worse, after that the 
killing began, it didn't take Adam long to realise that he had 
become worse than Dracula, he was a monster so bad it was 
unspeakable & so he left the Castlevainia world & locked this 
memory away into the back of his mind forever, or so he hoped.

Chapter 7: Adam's return

That night Ryoko sat watching & praying that Adam would return 
safely, when she saw a light coming from the ship outside & 
suddenly Gelvar, Ai & Kagato were standing outside by the lake & 
they each aimed a weapon at Tenchi's room & fired, Ryoko screamed. 
Tenchi woke to find himself in a very large bed with a letter by 
the side, it said:I saved you but you got an injury, rest & I'll 
be back. signed guess who? Tenchi got out of bed & went exploring 
& soon dicovered that he was in a large house that had a picture 
of Adam in a room full of videos & other stuff which looked like a 
libary but was marked study. Meanwhile Ryoko & the others who were 
woken by the blast launched an attack on Kagato, Ai & Gelvar & 
they were getting beaten when suddenly they heard "oooyyaaajjii!" 
& they looked up to see a large beam vaporise Kagato & Ai, & once 
the beam died down Adam landed where Kagato had stood a few 
seconds before & said "well you didn't call me, never mind 
Tenchi's safe, he's at my house". Tenchi had contined to explore 
when he discovered that Adam was also living with a number of 
women, three to be exact, a pir of twins who were trying to shoot 
him & a third who was blonde & was firing rings of energy from her 
arms, 'great just like home!' thought Tenchi hopping over the 
banister just for the twins to jump in front of him & the blonde 
on behind him, "w..w.wait I'm a f..f.friend of Adam's" & then 
suddenly the women stopped advancing & looked at him the blonde 
one spoke first saying "hey your Tenchi Masaki" Tenchi just nodded 
as he noticed that she was wearing a pair of tight silk p.j.s, & 
the twins were wearing nightgowns that left very little to the 
imagination, " hey shouldn't you be getting rest if Adam sent you 
here?" Tenchi just nodded & asked if he could sit in the study, 
the girls looked at each other huddled together & then they let 
him in & told him not to make a mess & leave it how he found it & 
if he needed anything then call them, the blonde introduced 
herself as Sonja, the twins as Ani & Una.

The battle raged on against Gelvar all night with everyone 
sustaining an injury execpt Adam who dogded every blow & gave 
Gelvar many back, Adam managed to knock Gelvar over & then Adam 
used a technique that left no sign of the creature execpt scorch 
marks. The next moring Ryoko asked where Tenchi was Adam replied 
"he's at my house I wonder how he's coping with the twins & Sonja" 
"with who?" asked Ryoko, "My personal trainer/personal assitant & 
a pair of massuse who are also people who follow me down to the 
ring when I westle" "are they.. pretty?" asked Minagi "why getting 
worried are we girls?" answered Adam just as his phone rung 
"hello? Oh, hi, how's Tenchi? oh, well I'm glad to hear it, I'll 
pick him up in a bit, say, what did he do in the study? oh, ok, 
right I'll finish up & pick him & my mail up, bye" "I take it that 
was them?" said Ayeka "no, it was Sonja" replyed Adam.

chapter 8: The question

When they were alone Ryoko asked Adam what he had done when he 
disappered & how did he know when to save Tenchi "well I went a 
visited a grave, my wife's grave to be exact..." "I'm sorry I.." 
Its alright I feel better now & I came to save Tenchi because when 
I came back I saw them point weapons at Tenchi's room" Ryoko not 
sure what to do now becasue she had planed to ask him what he felt 
about her & as she thought about what to do, Adam spoke, almost as 
is reading her mind " Ryoko I feel for you but I don't want you to 
be hurt either by me or Tenchi & almost all the women who I have 
been close to are dead or badly injured, thats another thing that 
made me put up a wall to prevent from having to suffer like that 
again" "Adam I want a truthful answer, did you read my mind?" Adam 
just looked at her & she smiled "well?" "no" came the reply & then 
they looked at each other, Adam gazing into Ryokos amber eyes & 
Ryoko looking in to the shadow that covers Adams face. Then 
suddenly they pushed each other off the roof & into the lake where 
they where splashing each other & then after a while they raced to 
the other side of the lake, Adam let Ryoko win & then when he 
admitted it while they sat on the side of the peir Ryoko pushed 
him off but he just floated in mid-air & settled back next to her 
& when he sat there for a while she put her head on his shoulder, 
he put his arm around her shoulders & they sat & watched the 
sunrise together.

That day they sat & played a few games on the Playstation, teased 
Ayeka, helped Sasami, sabotged some of Washu's expirments & 
basicly doing things together. Washu was treating Adam just like 
she does Tenchi, & so were the others execpt for Kiyone who was 
being flirtious all the time with Adam. They went to town the 
following day & they went shopping together played games in the 
arcade & basicly had a good time & when they got back they got 
changed & packed a lunch & Adam created a portal & they left on an 
interdimential picnic. They went to a peaceful world sat down in a 
beautiful field of various flowers & afer a whlie they had 
something to eat & just sat there talking & then as they were 
about to kiss there was voice "Ahem, well, well looky here if it 
isn't Adam" Adam looked & saw Cupid standing there "won't The boss 
be pleased to her that your here with another woman" "Cupid, we 
finished a long time ago me & your 'boss' so just leave us in 
peace & do your job" "but I'm being put out of a job with you 
around" " well I'm sure that if I pull a few strings down 
below..." "hey no need for that I'll leave. humph" Cupid left them 
in peace & it was time to get back. "I have an idea, why don't we 
phone Tenchi & say I'm staying with you for tonight?" "good idea! 
if you want Washu to use her machine to open a portal to my bed 
room by locking onto you & then she has the co-ordinates of my 
bed! even better!" said Adam sarcasticly "well you have a point.. 
I know you can stay in my room" " but can I trust you to keep to 
yourself?" "ooohh, I don't know maybe you can, maybe you can't but 
theres one way to find out!" & with that they left for Tenchi's 
house.

chapter 9: A4R4eva?

The following day Adam & Ryoko were just sitting there doing 
nothing, when suddenly there was a chill & the from the water 
rose, to Ryoko's horror, Kagato " what? I fried you! you was a 
scorch mark! how the?" "you are certinly powerful I will grant you 
that but I don't die very easy unlike Tenchi..." & with that 
something that looked like Tenchi rose from the water & was very 
limp as if it had drowned "Tenchi!!! you bastard" you must die!" & 
with blinding speed Ryoko tried to implale Kagato with her 
beamsword but he had moved & she had impaled the Tenchi clone 
instead Ryoko screamed as Kagato disappered laughing. Adam checked 
the fake Tenchi over & said "that bastard! although it looked like 
Tenchi, it wasn't" Adam turned to Ryoko who was shaking badly even 
when she knew it was fake she just couldn't stop shaking & even 
when Adam held her she still shook. "get some rest & tell Tenchi 
how you feel about him, it'll make you feel better & who knows he 
may say he loves you back" & Ryoko just looked at him & they both 
sat by the waters edge holding each other.

It was quiet for the next few days, in the way that Kagato didn't 
show up or ant trouble for that matter. Adam & Ryoko had decieded 
to go away for a few days to recover from what happened. Adam & 
Ryoko had gone to a place that was very peaceful & whilst they 
were there they visited some friends of both Adam & Ryoko, Ash 
Ketchum, Misty & Brock, the pokemon trainers, "say isnt your 
Pikachu getting a little, well..." said Misty as Pikame was 
attacking a tree with various powerful attacks like Solar beam, 
"what makes you think that?" replied Adam as Pikame settled down 
to rest beside his master. When suddenly they all heard "To, oh, 
look! its Adam!" "Will you stop drooling & continue with the 
motto" "yeah, Jessie" cried James & Meowth. "look we better get 
back Ryoko, it was nice seeing you Ash. bye" Adam opened a portal 
and left with Ryoko trailing behind him. When they got back, all 
hell broke loose.

read Kagato's return for the rest.
