			The revenge of the Zianoids
				By
			Adam 'Asskicker' Richmond

Chapter 1: the battle

It had been a full 3 three days since Kagato was killed, Adam had 
visited some friends, taking Tenchi for the trip, which lasted 
roughly a day and a half, "I'm glad that your back alright" "well 
naturally, Tenchi was with me" "that was what I was worried about" 
said Ryoko, It had been a long day and a half without the two 
loves of her life. "I finished another one of those books, Adam, 
got anymore?" asked Minagi handing Adam a book called 'nightmares 
and dreamscapes' <Stephen King/Richard Bachman> "at this rate 
you'll of read my entire collection" said Adam opening a small 
portal and putting the book through, "hey, Adam have you got them 
triple triad cards?" asked Sasami focusing her big pink eyes on 
him, "maybe I do, Maybe I don't, why?" "Because I wanna play of 
course!" "Ok, wait a minute, (reaching in to his pocket) there 
they are, what rules should we play by?" "Open, elemental, plus 
and combo" "ok then, prepare to lose, princess" "Ha! You'll lose 
and no mind reading" "me? How dare you insinuate such a thing" 
"that's what you did last time!" "Ok, no cheating, If I cheat may 
I be struck with lightning" unknown to Adam, Washu was pointing a 
lightning generater at Adam, from behind the sofa. "Ha! I won 
again" "you're getting good" Adam said pulling a card out of his 
pocket and adding it to his hand, "ow! What the hell" he said as 
lightning hit him, "you're cheating!" "What? I changed a card for 
an unbent one" "a better one you mean," said Washu pointing the 
lightning generater at Adam. "Ok, 'I'll play fair and you all can 
watch me" and with that Adam was on a winning streak, when 
suddenly the house was shook by a huge explosion, "come out with 
your hands behind your head. This is your only warning or else we 
will destroy the house, you have the count of 100, then we open 
fire again, so come out Adam." "What the hell?!" Adam got up and 
left the house as the voice boomed out "1, 2 miss a few, 99 100, 
times up!" "What the hell's going on?" asked Adam as he saw 
approximately 100 zianoids all aiming for him, "well, I'm sure 
your still gonna miss" said Adam as he leapt in to the air to land 
a flying kick to the leader of the zianoids, and as they all piled 
on him in an effort to crush him, his hat flew off, through a gap 
the zianoids left and there was the muffled shout of 'Guyver' and 
suddenly where all the zianoids had piled on, there was a round 
indentation on the ground in which stood, Adam in his bio-booster 
amour, and looking around he saw that there was only a few 
zianoids standing there in shock and Adam stood there and said, 
"are we gonna fight or play stuck in the mud?" and with that the 
zianoids snapped out of it and started to attack. The battle was 
short and resulted in the remaining zianoids dissolving with Adam 
standing there in a pose, "well done, I see you have a bio-booster 
armour, but it is inferior to mine!" Adam turned to see a huge 
zianiod standing there, shortly after the zianiod spoke again, 
"now we shall see whose is more powerful, bio-morph" and with that 
the zianiod was covered in Guyver armour. "Sho, Agito, I need some 
help" was the message Adam set to Agito and Sho through the 
telepathic link that the Guyvers have. "Its no good the other two 
Guyvers are busy with the same problem as you faced, now its time 
to die", Adam and the creature fought, and neither had the upper 
hand, Adam had the speed and the power, but the creature had the 
skill and tactics. "The fun has just begun!" said the creature 
opening his mega smasher, while Adam stood there and opened his, 
as he opened his mega smasher his shoulders opened to reveal more 
mega smashers, and his waist on either side of his gravity weapon 
opened to reveal more mega smashers, "what that's impossible!?!" 
and they both fired at the same time but Adam's mega smasher 
continued through and totally vaporised the creature. Steam blew 
out of both sides of his helmet while all the mega smashers closed 
themselves, Adam then retracted the armour and his hat flew back 
to his hand and putting it on he turned to Tenchi's house and 
resumed his game with Sasami.

Chapter 2:the curse of attraction
` 
It was a bright sunny day when Adam went outside, a storm started 
to brew, that can't be a good sign, thought Adam, as he turned 
around and entered the house it continued to stay stormy outside 
and then returned to normal, when suddenly his phone rang with the 
three tones, which signalled it was home, "Adam, come quick, the 
witches council want to see you" "ok, I'll be right there" Adam 
pressed a key and the phone hung up, "I wonder what they want?" 
though Adam out loud, he and the witches council never got along, 
and it was nothing new to be called before them, it was usually 
over something he had done in another world, like he saved a woman 
from getting eaten by various creatures, and when he was called in 
front of the council they tried to cut his powers off for two 
weeks but they used every spell they knew but it didn't work, Adam 
has also played the witches council at its own game and cast 
reflect on himself, and this cut the witches councils powers for 
three weeks, which although landed him in some shit, he got away 
Scott free, "well, here I am" said Adam to himself, as he entered 
the large doors, a voice boomed out, "Adam Asskicker you have been 
charged with interfering with mortals lives again, in another 
world, again, what do you have to say for yourself?" "That the 
people in question are: two alien princesses, two space pirates, a 
young half alien who is a prince of an alien world, a 
intergalactic genius, two galaxy police officers, an alien prince 
and a spaceship." "You helped one Hwia Takahashi, did you not?" 
"No, I didn't, I tried to, but none of my cures would work so I 
sent her friends on a quest to get the required items for a cure" 
"other members of the council, how do you find Adam Asskicker", a 
man stood up after a while of discussion between the members of 
the council, "not guilty of interfering" "you may leave now, and I 
don't want you to be back here" "then stop summoning me" said Adam 
turning away and leaving via a portal, once back at Tenchi's 
place, he sat down and started to type a few lines on his laptop 
chronicling his day so far. "Hm, some fanfic, this is becoming a 
diary of what has happened." "In that case you shouldn't leave 
your computer lying around" said Washu coming out of the lab with 
a few people behind her, Adam heard but didn't turn around, when 
suddenly he smelt a familiar perfume. "Urd!" he said as he shot 
out of the chair and was straight into the lake where he sat on 
the bottom and just relaxed. "Thank god I got underwater Materia. 
At least I got away from Urd and Mara" said Adam as two fish swam 
past, when suddenly he turned around and there was, to his horror, 
were Urd and Mara wearing oxygen masks, Urd waved, while Mara 
started to swim over but couldn't catch Adam. He swam at lightning 
speed, as soon as he hit the bank, he was out of the water and was 
heading for the shrine where he met Bellandy. "Hi, Bellandy" 
"hello Adam, you look as if the devil was on your tail" "something 
like that" said Adam as he stood listening for anyone approaching, 
and when he heard nothing he relaxed, but still kept listening 
with his extra sharp hearing.

Chapter 3: the fight for freedom

At lunch, Adam said that he would sit outside and eat his lunch 
near the lake, so Urd and Mara decided that they were gonna sit 
outside, once Adam collected his lunch he walked over to the edge 
of the platform and continued to walk across the air above the 
lake, once he was at the centre of the lake, he sat down in mid-
air and started to eat his lunch to the surprise of everyone. "He 
must of made an invisible bridge" said Mara, bravely walking over 
to the exact spot where Adam walked over the water, and she 
stepped off the platform as Adam said "I wouldn't try that if I 
was you", Mara soon regretted her ignorance when she hit the 
water, she broke the surface and spluttered "how do you do that? 
You said you still couldn't fly" Adam replied, "I can't, this is 
levitation" and with that he stood up and walked over to the 
platform and took his plate back to Sasami and when he came back 
he helped Mara out of the water by levitating her on to the 
platform and he walked over to the center of the lake again and 
started to meditate. Adam's concentration was broken when 
something hit him in the base of the skull, he started to descend 
and then he managed to float back up and floated to the side just 
before something impacted with his head. He turned in mid-air to 
find a bunch of zianoids, each with what looked like oversized 
shoulder pads, and protruding from the pads were row upon row of 
spikes and they released a volley on Adam, who moved with amazing 
speed. "We can't mess up, otherwise we're mincemeat" said the one 
looking for Adam, "looks like we got him", he said turning to find 
that they hadn't but he had got them. "Checkmate" said Adam 
triumphantly as he fried the creature with the psycho crusher. 
Adam then returned to the others, and was greeted with Urd and 
Mara trying to see if he had sustained any injuries, which of 
course he hadn't. Then Ryoko was teasing him about how Urd and 
Mara were acting, Adam took it all in and decided that he would 
leave while Bellandy and the others stayed, saying that "the house 
was too small for him and all the girls", "I know, we could stay 
in that sort of camper van thing outside" said Urd, with a smile 
that made Adam's flesh creep, "if its alright with Adam, of 
course" "hmm, oh, sure, knock yourselves out" said Adam thinking 
to himself, 'or at least leave me alone', "on one condition, that 
you don't stress me, you can stay", Urd and Mara looked hurt, 
"would we ever stress you?" asked Mara, using the cute eyes trick, 
"in a word, yes" replied Adam, quick as a flash. Although Adam 
said that he would make them find somewhere else to stay, he 
didn't keep his promise as he maybe sarcastic, he maybe cheeky, 
but he was still a gentleman, a diamond in the rough. The next day 
was quite uneventful, apart from the fact that Urd and Mara were 
bugging Adam like crazy and that Ryoko seemed to be enjoying every 
minute of it; Tenchi was outside fishing with Keiichi. When 
suddenly, Adam shot past them and across the lake in about three 
seconds flat. Not long after Urd and Ryoko came out and were 
surprised that he was on the other side of the lake, he waved and 
sat down and to his dismay, he found Mara behind him, so he dived 
in to the water. Encasing himself in stone to get some peace and 
quiet, this lasted about 2 minutes as Adam heard Ryoko calling his 
name from outside the stone, "Adam, you hear me? well, Washu 
want's to see you", Adam then freed himself and teleported into 
Washu's lab. "So, your having fun with our visitors aren't you" 
"just get to the point" said Adam. "My point is why won't you tell 
me how you summon the light and the night-hawk wings" said Washu. 
"I told you I know how, not why" "then tell me how" "when I get a 
new power, I already know how to use it, its not like I get it and 
don't have any control" "Then how do YOU make them appear?" "I 
just do when I need them, like Tenchi, but I have more control 
over them, I can summon them at will" "well, then in theory so can 
Tenchi" "but I always have more control of my powers that anyone 
else" "look, I spoke with Tenchi and he tried but couldn't, maybe 
you could teach him" "tried it, didn't work" "then give him your 
knowledge" "tried that too, I can only take knowledge, not give" 
Washu sighed, "look, I know how it feels to be so close yet so 
far", said Adam putting a hand on Washu's shoulder. "I have read 
all my Tenchi manga <no need for Tenchi! >, all my graphic novels, 
my Tenchi Encyclopaedia, and scoured the Internet and there is 
still no answer" "did you say Internet?" "Yes, I did, why?" "I 
invented it!" "I forgot. You said that in." said Adam trying to 
remember, "its not important" said Washu turning and summoning her 
keyboard, "I keep meaning to ask you, how do you do that" "That's 
a secret, and if I told you then it wouldn't be a secret" said 
Washu, hiding a smile, just then the house was rocked by an 
explosion, Ryoko then came through the portal that led to Washu's 
sub-space lab, "er, Washu you left one of your things lying, 
around and well." "What?" "It sort of got damaged by Mara and Urd, 
because they was arguing who Adam liked more" "WHAT!?!, I'm gonna 
bust their heads open, I'll..." "Bring the thing to me Ryoko" said 
Adam, holding Washu off the ground so she didn't do anything rash, 
Ryoko left and returned with a small piece of molten metal, "here 
you go, are you sure you can fix it?" Adam just stared at her, 
"what do I have to do to prove that almost anything is possible 
around me?" "If you fix that, then I'll believe it". Adam lay the 
object on the table and said, "what you are and what you were, I 
want you to return to the way things were" and as he finished the 
saying the object sort of regenerated, pulling matter from the air 
and growing back to what it was.

Chapter 4: The attack on Sasami

The zianoids had set-up a mobile base not far from the Masaki 
house, "It seems that our target has a gift for attracting the 
women, as does the boy he is staying with." Said Buel, the leader 
of the pack of zianoids that were sent to deal with Adam. "Sir, it 
seems that Adam has a great amount of power, still untapped, 
almost as if he is holding back", "interesting, I wonder..." "sir 
what if we capture one of the residents, and make Adam surrender?" 
"Good idea". So they set about deciding which one they would 
kidnap. "The one referred to as Ryoko has great power, as do most 
of the people in the house hold, but there are one or two, who we 
have observed with no disconcernable powers, these are named 
Sasami, Kiyone, Mihoshi and Keiichi." "Excellent" said Buel, as 
pictures flashed up on the screen of what the people were doing 
now. Sasami was preparing dinner when suddenly a hand grabbed her 
around the mouth. "Don't scream, or you will die" said a man with 
grey hair, as he effortlessly lifted Sasami off the ground and 
stole out of the back of the house, bounding up the hill. "Hey 
Sasami, do you need a hand?" asked Adam as he entered the kitchen, 
when he noticed that Sasami had gone he searched the house, upon 
not finding her, he returned to the kitchen, and his fear had come 
true, Sasami was kidnapped by Zianoids. He found a note and it 
confirmed that his fear was true. "Now, little girl, are you going 
to be a good little girl? 'Cause if you don't, then we get to have 
a little fun." Said a man with a dirty smile that made Sasami feel 
very frightened, "your sick, Solidius", "I know, great init?" 
replied the man. "Adam were are you? Tsunami, can you help?" 
Sasami said to herself, when suddenly, Buel walked in, "so your 
Sasami, do you know that you have a great power sleeping with in 
you?" "yes, its Tsunami, a goddess" "hmm, this Adam can sure 
choose his company", he said turning to the other guys, " keep 
this child safe, but you can do what you want to her soon, Just 
keep your minds on Adam" "yes sir!" they replied. Sasami tried not 
to think about what might happen to her if Adam never showed up, 
when suddenly a voice spoke up in her head, "so you still don't 
believe in me do you? well, I'll come and save you, only if you 
believe in me." "I believe" said Sasami, curling up in the corner 
of her cell. "I wonder what she believes in?" said Solidius, "who 
cares, we get our fun later, you ask her while your having your 
fun" said Titanous, "say Titanous, do you think that this Adam 
guy'll try to save the girl first, or just surrender." "I don't 
know, have you seen this guy, he's a kid" "he's gotta guyver, he 
wiped out an entire army of us without using it" "that's a load of 
crap, some stuff they made up to make us scared" said Solidius, 
turning away, "it's not, it's true, Adam will wipe you all out" 
said Sasami from in the corner of her cell, "your hoping, no one 
can defeat the zianoid's with out using a guyver unit" "but he 
killed a whole field of you guys" said Sasami focusing her big 
pink eyes on the pair of Zianoids, "if you don't let me go then 
you'll pay" said Sasami, her eyes started to well with tears, "hey 
kid, that shit don't work with us so stop ya crying" "don't you 
know that you shouldn't swear in front of children espically if 
their little girls?" "Adam you came!" said Sasami, as the two 
zianoids sprung to their feet, " so your the one we're here to 
kill, not what I expected" said Solidius, changing into his 
zianoid form, "no-one ever execpts to know what death looks like, 
you should of took notice of the little lady, now you must pay" 
said Adam with a voice that made Titanius shiver, "look man, you 
come any closer and the kid gets it, you dig?" said Titanius, 
changing into his zianoid form, and grabbing Sasami, as Adam 
dropped Solidius who had been ripped in half. "now, you don't want 
to make me angry, you wouldn't like me when I'm angry" said Adam, 
clenching his fists, " now, I'm warning you, the girl gets it , if 
you so much as breath too hard" said Titanius, triggering an 
alarm. soon the place was swamped in Zianoids, Buel stepped 
forward, and said "so your the one know as Adam, nice work on 
Solidius by the way" he said sneering, "that fool couldn't stop 
himself breathing if he tried. The girl will become one of us if 
you don't co-operate" "I will heed, I surrender, but you must let 
the girl go" said Adam, standing straight and opening his hands.

Chapter 5: the new zianoids

They took Adam and Sasami to the 'playroom', it was a room full of 
zianoids in the creation tanks, "this is what you will become 
Adam, you seem to enjoy killing" said Buel, Adam just walked 
almost as if in a trance, "Adam, whats the matter?" asked Sasami, 
trying to get Adam to respond, Adam on the other hand, was lost in 
his own little world, summoning all his knowleage, and formulating 
a plan, but they all could endanger Sasami, "so, I see that you 
attempted this suicide mission alone, that was very..." said Buel 
trailing off as they came to some empty tanks, "waht will you do 
to us?" said Sasami looking at the tanks, "turn both of you into 
monsters like us" said Buel, "but, you said.." said Sasami, 
focusing her big pink eyes on Buel, who just slapped Sasami across 
the floor like a kitten, "You lay a hand on her again and you will 
die" said Adam walking over to Sasami, "are you ok?" he said 
placeing a hand over the red mark and when he removed the hand the 
red mark had gone, "yes, thank you" said Sasami with tears running 
down her face. "get in the tanks, we've wasted enough time." "you 
said you would let her go" "I would get very far in this business 
if I kept my word, would I?" "why, you piece of scum, I'm 
gonna..." "you touch me and the girl dies" said Buel pointing at 
Sasami who was being held by two large zianoids "why, you.." "ah, 
ah, ah, I wouldn't, if I was you" said Buel, laughing as Adam was 
pushed into a tank, and Sasami was bundled into the tank next to 
him, "now you can mutate, together." Adam was standing in the 
stance of the waterfowl fist, when Buel said: "I wouldn't try 
that, we made the tank just for you" said Buel laughing. He turned 
away when suddenly a light caught his eye, he turned back just as 
the tank smashed, "what the hell!?!" impossible, nothing can smash 
the tank" said Buel as the smoke cleared and out stepped Adam in 
his solid armour, "death has come for you, now let the girl go" 
"never! guards kill him" and when he turned he saw that the other 
zianoids had been killed by the glass, "You kill me and the tanks 
cannot be opened" said Buel, with a smile which soon became a 
gaping hole as Adam walked over to the tank Sasami was in and 
smashed it with a single blow. "now, death will send you across 
the river Styx and I hope you suffer, scum" and with that he moved 
with such speed there was a black blur, and he knocked the head 
clean off of the zianoid, "Adam, how do we get back home?" asked 
Sasami as Adam recalled the armour and placed his hat on with his 
back to Sasami. Well, have you still got that watch?" "yes, why?" 
"because they enable people to walk through my portals" and with 
that Adam opened a portal and picked Sasami up and carryed her 
through, he put her down and when back through the  portal, it 
closed behind him and then there was an explosion not far from the 
house.

chapter 6: Death can't die, can he?

"ADAM!!!" screamed Sasami as the light from the explosion faded, 
"What's the matter Sasami?" asked Bellandy, rushing into the room 
to see what the comotion was, "It's Adam he went back after 
rescuing me, and as soon as the portal closed, there was an 
explosion" "oh, my..." was as far as Bellandy got when Adam fell 
from a portal. Slightly burnt, Adam stood up and said:"I'm back, 
that was fun", Ryoko rushed into the room she headed straight for 
Adam, "I felt that you were killed, what happened?" "well, I was 
blown up and I pulled myself together as the saying goes. I went 
back to set the self-destruct off, but someone already did" "well, 
at least your safe" said Ryoko fighting back tears, "I saw 
Tsunami, she thought I was dead, and as she was reaching for me I 
re-assembled myself. She looked rather put out and disappered" 
said Adam, cracking his neck, "what can I have to eat, I'm 
starving" said Adam as he walked out the door. Later that night, 
there was the sound of heavy footsteps, "I'm gonna have my 
revenge, and Adam will go insane, if he survives" said the 
creature making the sound, the creature let out a laugther that 
made Ryoko cringe in her sleep. Adam hear it and continued to 
meditate, using an astral body, he searched for the owner of the 
voice, and when he found it, he was surprised, it was Titanius.

chapter 7: the assault

Titanius walked around the outside of the house, and stopped when 
he came across a window, and with great speed he broke the window 
and crept in to the house and mutated in to his zianoid form. 
Standing eight foot tall, with claws coming out of his back, 
spikes on his fore-arms, a huge spiked tail and a head like a 
spiders, he stalked through the house with very little noise, he 
soon came across Skuld and with one mighty blow he broke several 
ribs, Skuld couldn't draw enough breath to scream, and lay there 
in total pain, next he found Mara, and he opened his mouth and 
covered he in a sticky fluid, Mara tryed to move, but the more she 
moved the tighter the suff got. The next victim was Keiichi, the 
creature kicked him so hard he hit the wall and when he landed, 
blood was dripping from his mouth, then when he found Bellandy, he 
hit her with his tail, and she woke up but couldn't move, he had 
broke her back, next was Urd, she was thrown like a rag doll and 
she landed with a cruch as she broke her legs. The creature 
stalked around and went upstairs, where he found Ayeka, he decided 
that he would leave her as she didn't get on with Adam very well, 
he next discovered Tenchi, he then punched Tenchi and Tenchi 
couldn't breath as he had been winded, if he hadn't of moved at 
the last second he would of been killed, next was Washu, the 
creature grabbed her and threw her out the window, luckily she 
landed in the lake, he then found Minagi, and he stamped on her 
back, breaking it. He then turned to see Ryoko standing there with 
a plasma blade pointing at him, "I suggest that you come 
peacefully" she said, the creature moved with impossible speed and 
agility, knocking Ryoko over and breaking several of her bones, 
"You will keep out of my way, bitch" he said stepping on her hand, 
he then found Sasami's room and he started change back into his 
human form and walked over to her bed. 

chapter 8: the attack

Adam got out of his meditating position and decided that he was 
gonna have something to eat before he went to bed, "I'm gonna have 
a sandwich, with pickles, mayo, and" he stopped as he found Skuld, 
whose ribs had been shattered, "don't move, I'll heal you" said 
Adam as he raised his hands as he heard a scream, "Sasami!" he 
said turning around and speeding towards her room, leaving Skuld. 
"I told you we were gonna have a little fun together" said 
Titanius, walking over to Sasami who was screaming, Adam had found 
what had happend to the others as he was heading for Sasami's 
room, he got up the stairs, and the first thing that caught his 
attention was Ryoko, lying on the floor out cold. "I'm gonna kill 
that scum!" said Adam before he heard the terrified screams of 
Sasami, who was screaming to stay away, When suddenly Ayeka came 
out of her room and when she walked in to Sasami's room she was 
totally unpreparded for what greeted her, a monster walking over 
to her, it was mostly man but it had parts of other creatures on 
it, "stay away you freak" said Ayeka, The creature lashed out with 
its tail, knocking her out of the room and causing her to hit the 
railing, The ceature then totally changed into a man and walked 
over to Sasami and he reached out for her. Adam had just saw Ayeka 
fly out of Sasami's room , and when he got to her he saw a man 
reaching for Sasami. "keep your hands off her, you scum", Titanius 
heard a voice and said, "so you wasn't killed, what a pity" and he 
then grabbed Sasami and ripped of her night clothes as Adam sprung 
forward and tried to land a flying kick, but Titanius doged and 
puched Adam as he flew past in the air. "you should of left after 
seeing what happened to your loved one" said Titanius as he walked 
back over to Sasami, "you bastard, said Adam shakily getting to 
his feet, just as Titanius sprouted his tail and it hit Adam in 
the chest sending him out of the room and over the railing, there 
as a thump as Adam hit the floor, "now as I was saying, time for 
you to have a little lesson about the birds and the bee's". Adam 
rolled over on to his front and started to crawl as the zianoids 
voice came floating over, "the less you resist, the less it will 
hurt" "that bastard" said Adam changing in to a wolf and running 
up the stairs and straight into Sasami's room as Titanius was 
ripping her underwear off, Adam lept as the wolf and changed in 
mid-air and landed on the zianoids back, "take this you pervert!" 
said Adam as he landed a blow on the creatures neck. 

chapter 9: the fight

The zianoid yelled in pain and he grabed Adam and said, "I'm sick 
of playing games, now die!" and with that he hurled Adam through 
the wall, "now then, let me show you what mommy and daddy do" said 
Titanius as a blast of energy hit him in the back, he turned to 
see Ryoko leaning agaist the door frame, charging up another shot, 
"you should of just stayed where you were" said the zianoid 
lashing out with his tail catching Ryoko on the side of the head, 
she slumped to the floor, The zianoid turned back to the little 
girl and looked throught the hole in the wall which Adam made and 
he saw Adam flying with a pair of bat wings, "you will pay for 
injuring the ones close to me" said Adam, which was almost a growl 
as he flew through the hole he was thrown through. Washu had just 
swam back to the shore as Adam flew throught the wall and in mid-
air he grew a pair of bat wings and flew straight back at the 
house, "I hope everyones ok" said Washu puling herself out of the 
water.

chapter 10: the transformation

"you will die" said the zianoid blocking all of Adams furious 
attacks, soon the Zianoids arms were bleeding from the repeated 
blows, when suddenly Adam stopped and removed his hat as his head 
changed in to something demonic, his arms grew thicker and his 
legs seemed to grow in to his jeans with blades poking out at the 
knee, the wings remained on his back, claws sprouted on his hands, 
quills poked through his sleeves, he sprouted a pointed tail, 
spikes grew on his back and he sprouted little horns, "now it is 
time to die!" said the creature that was Adam, Ryoko came round to 
see two creatures squaring each other up, Adam lunged at the 
zianoid, who was still in shock at seeing Adam transform in to 
this demon, Adam punched the Zianoid throught the wall and the 
zianoid transformed fully, and grew a pair of gray feathered 
wings, 'Amazing' thought Washu as she witnessed the zianoid 
transform, when suddenly a second creature flew out of the house 
and started to battle the zianoid, "who or what is that creature?" 
and suddenly she reconised the wings, "Adam"  she said as she 
dashed in to the house, the battle raged on while washu was 
helping everyone. "I don't know how you can transform, but why 
don't you join us, after all you are one of us" said the zianoid 
trying to land a kick which Adam caught between his knee and 
elbow, destroying the muscle, Adam replyed, "I'm not a zianoid, I 
am a demon, I am DEATH!!" he shouted as he socked the zianoid in 
the face, pushing half of its face in, The zianoind started to 
plumet to the water when Adam swooped down and knocked him up in 
the air and pointed his hands at the zianoid and shouted "go tO 
HELL!!!" as a huge beam destroyed the Zianoid. Washu had just got 
up stairs as there was bright light, "Adam!!!" she screamed as she 
rushed in to Sasami's room to find Ryoko slumped against the door 
and Sasami with a few scraps of clothing, she rushed over to the 
hole and saw Adam with his hands up.

chapter 11: the aftermath

Adam turned back to the house and flew over to the hole he had 
made by punching the zianoid throught the wall, "Washu, are you 
ok?" he said as he checked Ryoko for injurys, "I'm fine" said 
Washu hugging Sasami who was crying, "did you see if he had harmed 
tenchi?" "no" replyed Washu rocking back and forth as Sasami 
started to stop crying, "I'll go check, Ryoko, I'll be right back 
and as he was putting her down she opened her eyes, "Adam, I 
tried, but he was too quick..." "its ok, he's dead now" said Adam 
walking over to Tenchi's door, as he opened it Tenchi thrust with 
the Tenchiken, Adam doged and caught Tenchi, "Tenchi, its me" he 
said reailsing he was in his demon form, Tenchi looked at him, he 
was wearing Adam's clothes, he had Adam's watch on and his phone, 
"Adam? what happened to you?" "its a long story Tenchi, are you 
ok?" "yeah, I was just winded" "good to hear it, now can you help 
me with the others or do you wanna rest?" "I'll be fine" said 
Tenchi, as he walked downstairs and started to gather the others 
up. Adam had changed back, put his hat on and said said "ok now, I 
might have to cast this seperatly, so grin and bear it", this 
resulted in Mara and Urd reaching for their tops, "not like that" 
said Adam raising his hands, his hands glowed with a green light 
and soon all the injurys were healed as the others were covered 
with the green glow. "Adam, I.." said Ryoko when Mara and the 
others had gone home, they had the house to themselves because 
Tenchi and the others went back to bed, "you what?" said Adam 
turning to Ryoko, "I'm sorry but.." "I know you want to break up 
because of your feelngs for Tenchi" "how did you?" "because I can 
read you like an open book" "Really what does this chapter say 
then?" "that you are a bitch but I still love you" "really?" "nah, 
I made it up" "bastard" "I know, great isn't it".

chapter 12: No need for a beating

The day passed quite quickly, as Adam was being left alone by 
everyone as they didn't want to upset him, due to his break up 
with Ryoko, Adam didn't mind the peace and quiet from all of the 
female residents, when suddenly his phone rang, with the Dragon 
ball Z theme tune, "hello, Adam asskicker, I'm kickin' ass..., 
hey, slow down, I only got that Piccolo had turned, what, mad!?! I 
wonder?, yeah I'll be right there" said Adam hanging up the phone 
and opening a portal, "Sasami don't bother making me dinner, I may 
be gone a while". Adam stepped through the portal to be blown back 
through, with Minagi catching him as he flew through the air, 
"nice catch" "I knew you were a great catch" "well can you put me 
down?" "no" said Minagi with a sweet smile, putting Adam down 
gently, she was about to say something, when she wished he luck 
instead. Adam opened another portal and jumped through, Minagi 
sighed as she had missed her chance to tell him how she felt. Adam 
found Piccolo rampaging through the house and destroying 
everything he saw, "hey Piccolo, what's the big deal?" "keep outta 
my way or die" "when will people learn that death cannot be 
killed" said Adam getting in Piccolo's way as he walked over to an 
injured Gohan, "I said get out of my way, you piece of trash" said 
Piccolo, reaching for Adam who pushed the hand away and used a 
power punch to knock Piccolo away, "you have just made a mistake, 
you dare to attack Shin-Piccolo" " yeah, I dared attack shin-
Piccolo, now what happed to the old Piccolo?" "that soft fool is 
being disposed of at this very moment" "you scum, attacking a 
mother and child, you will pay for your crime against these 
people" said Adam assuming a fighting stance, "ha, you and what 
army? I'm 100 times more powerful than anything you have came 
across" "I fought many enemies, I fought Piccolo, and enemies 
stronger than he, and I won" said Adam moving with lightning 
speed, landing a right hook and an elbow to the ribs of the 
Namekian, stunned Piccolo said "that was some speed, let's see who 
the real speed king is" and with that he moved with lightning 
speed yet Adam was still able to doge the blow and counter with a 
sharp uppercut which knocked Piccolo over, "this fight is far from 
over" said Piccolo getting to his feet, "I will crush you with my 
psyhic powers" and with that Piccolo was concenrating on Adam who 
was walking fine when suddenly Piccolo was being crushed by 
invisible hands, "you didn't find out from the other Piccolo that 
I have many great powers, now I will crush you like an insect, the 
irony, your race's name is a parody of the japanese name for slug" 
said Adam increasing the grip ten-fold, "you may of won this fight 
but I have an ally, and you know him, his name is Kagato" and wth 
that the grip loosened a little and then it increased a hundred-
fold, when there was the sound of cracking bones and suddenly the 
Piccolo clone went limp.

chapter 13: the news

"He said that Kagato was his ally, how could it be?" said Adam as 
he sat by the tree, Funho. "penny for your thoughts" said Washu as 
she walked up to Adam, smiling with his head down, he replied, "I 
don't think, I dream, and this is a dream I wish I wasn't having" 
"why?" asked Washu, looking puzzled, "Kagato" replied Adam with a 
dull voice, "impossible you killed him several times" "clones, 
maybe a thing he picked up on his interdimentional travels, 
because there was an evil version of a friend that I battled 
today, and he said that Kagato was his ally" Adam said facing 
Washu who just looked away and she said, "maybe Kagato is the evil 
that cannont be destroyed, maybe you two are the ying and yang of 
good and bad" "but I have done bad things and to my knowlege 
Kagato has never done anything good" said Adam still looking at 
Washu, who could sense Adam was trying to find a way to totally 
eliminate Kagato, without anyone getting injured, removing a pair 
of oval, mirored sunglasses, Adam placed a hand in the shadow that 
covered his face and rubbed his eyes, "I'm sick of this shit, 
kill, kill, kill, have some love that is not really love and then 
kill some more" said Adam, standing up and walking toward the 
house with his glasses in his hand, when sudddenly Washu caught up 
with him and asked him why he wore his hat over his face, 
"well..". Back at the house Minagi was talking with Ryoko, "so, 
you two visited Ash and the others, did Brock ask about me?" said 
Minagi, "nope, he was looking at me though, well, sort of staring" 
said Ryoko, and the pair started to laugh, althrough they fought, 
they got on with each other, "well, look at what the cat dragged 
in" said Ryoko as Adam walked through the door, "and that's why I 
keep my face covered by the shadow of my hat" "don't you see that 
it makes women want to get close to you to see what's under your 
hat?" "they want many things, like to see if I am fat, I don't 
really care through, at first the attention was great, I had girls 
swooning at my feet" said Adam and as he drew breath, Ryoko said 
"more like the smell of his feet" and she started to giggle, Adam 
waved a hand and her mouth was clamped tightly shut, and this 
started Minagi off giggling, Adam continued his conversation 
althrough Ryoko was poking him in the ribs, "anyway, I soon got 
sick of having any woman I wanted" said Adam as he sat down and 
restored Ryoko's mouth to working order.

chapter 14: Kagato rides again

It was a peaceful day at the Masaki residence, Ryoko was out 
fishing in the lake, Minagi was sitting and reading a book, Ayeka 
was sitting in the sun gazing at Tenchi, Sasami was cooking lunch, 
Washu was tinkering in her lab and Adam was sitting under a tree 
typing up the past few days events, "I wonder where Kiyone and 
Mihoshi are, I haven't seen them for a few days, not since the 
incidents with the zianoids" said Adam as he typed, when suddenly 
his watch came to life and a voice said "Adam, I am reciving a 
distress signal from Kiyone" "ok, I'll have to know where they are 
first" "in space, they were following a craft and were attacked" 
"shit, I don't know if I got the abllity to breath in space, or if 
the Guyver has either" "the solid armour can funtion in space" 
said the watch in its female voice, "but of course, I copied the 
Evariuders designs down to the T. Pam, activate the armour and set 
the course for Kiyone" Adam was then engulfed in light as the 
armour materialised on to him, and when the transformation was 
complete, he took off. Kyione was sturggling not to kill Mihosi 
who had just fell asleep, when she had to stay awake to preserve 
the air, "Mihoshi, wake up, c'mon, get up" said Kiyone unnaturally 
cool, Mihoshi on the other hand was sound asleep, when suddenly 
the ship started to move, "what the?! the engine was blown to 
bits, the whole ship apart from the cockpit was destroyed. so, how 
the hell are we moving?" said Kiyone as the ship was heading 
towards earth when she heard a voice, "now, why don't anyone 
believe that I can make things possible?", Kiyone just smiled as 
they drifted towards planet earth. "time for lunch!" said Sasami 
as the ship touched down near the platform, "hey nimrod, you 
scared all the fish" said Ryoko as Mihoshi and Kiyone climbed out 
of the wreak that was once their ship, "hey thank your ex" said 
Kiyone as she walked in to the house. "now where is that jerk" 
said Ryoko looking around just as she was grabbed by a pair of 
strong arms, "I'm right here" said Adam lifting Ryoko off the 
ground with ease and carrying her in to the house. "what fun they 
all have together, what a pity they will all die" said a voice as 
Kagato was being defrosted in a cryo chamber. "rise once again, 
Kagato, rise" and with that Kagato sat up and looked around, "nice 
place, mind if I steal it?" said Kagato springing up off of the 
table and pointing a beam sword at the figure. "I don't mind at 
all" said the figure, "its your ship" Kagato just looked at the 
man and said "how" "simple, I created it from the materials that 
were left from when it was destroyed" "you sound like that 
annoying little bastard Adam, who are you?" "I am the one known as 
A. Bastard, a by-product of Adam and Al, I am the two evil sides 
of Adam and Al combined, I have some of the powers of both of 
them, althrough I don't have all of Adam's powers, I have all of 
Al's" said the man stepping in to the light.

Chapter 15: A. bastard, what a name!

Adam sat up suddenly from his postition under Funho, "oh shit, I 
hope it was a dream" said Adam, getting to his feet, he started to 
walk back to Tenchi's house, when Minagi materialised in front of 
him, "we thought that you had gone again, seeing as you weren't 
back at the house" said Minagi with a relieved look on her face, 
"nah, don't get rid of me that easy, anyway, have I missed lunch?" 
said Adam looking into Minagi's eyes, and he saw that she really 
loved him, 'I had better watch my step' thought Adam as he 
reailsed that both Minagi and Ryoko cared for him, not his power 
this time. "lunch was just being preared now, so wanna walk or 
teleport?" said Minagi who was pleased with the answer, "walk" 
said Adam, as they walked Minagi was unsually quiet, when suddenly 
Adam turned and caught a throwing star, inches from his face, 
"this is a gift from a friend" said Adam holding the star, and on 
it was carved 'hi bro, I'm back'. When Adam got to Tenchi's house 
he was in for a surprise, Tenchi was holding a postcard, with 
pictures of people burning and tourtured, "hey Adam, I got this 
for you" said Tenchi handing it to Adam, "what's it say Adam" 
asked Washu as Adam sat down and just sighed, "it says, 'to Adam, 
I went to hell and I taught the devil a few lessons and I met a 
friend, we'll come and visit you soon, A. bastard and Kagato, wish 
you were here!'" everybody wanted to know who A. bastard was, when 
Adam said "let me explain...".  "A. bastard is my evil side and 
Al's combined, he has some of my powers but all of Al's, his 
powers are almost as strong as mine, but he is sneaky and his hate 
for me and all things good, makes him able to use the powers twice 
as much, I killed him, just like I killed Kagato, he keeps coming 
back" said Adam, sipping a beer he got from the trip to town 
earlier in the week, "he is as twisted as I am kind" said Adam 
drawing breath, "well he can't be that twisted then" said Ryoko 
tring to inject some humour, which failed.

chapter 16: pay back

Adam was gazing at the full moon, when suddenly he felt a presance 
behind him, "Minagi, I need to be alone, I...I need time to think, 
I wonder if I can face him. I don't think that I can defeat him, 
after all he is my evil side, evil is always more powerful, 
stonger, quicker than the champion of good. seeing as this is a 
world based on manga and Anime I wonder if I will end up like the 
heroes, beaten badly, even dying but still the winner" said Adam 
as Minagi settled down beside him, "I don't know, but I know that 
you will win, for all of us. After all you risked your life to 
save Sasami, you saved Kiyone and Mihoshi today, you've saved us 
before" said Minagi looking in to the shadow that covered Adam's 
face. Adam turned away and then stood up and walked towards the 
house, "Adam, I...I, AAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!" screamed Minagi as the 
ground seized her, and started to crush her, "Minagi, no!!!" said 
Adam who lept at the ground that had sezied her, "A, you'd better 
let her go, she is not part of our squabbles" said Adam as the 
ground rose up and closed him in, "but she is my friends enemy, 
and I promised I would give them to him, as long as he helped me 
get rid of you" said A. bastard rising out of the ground, "very 
touching that you care for this, piece of cloned trash" said 
Kagato floating down beside A. bastard, when suddenly Adam burst 
out of his prison, "you bastards" said Adam, as he sped towards 
Minagi, he was then grasped by invisable hands which started to 
slowly crush Adam, "I have gotten some new powers, now die" said 
Kagato, as Adam went limp, then he started to dissolve. "Adam!!!" 
screamed Minagi as Adam dissolved, "we have won" said Kagato, 
"don't be so sure, my brother is full of tricks, so be on your 
guard" said A. as he looked around, Kagato suddenly hit the floor, 
and landing in the spot Kagato was, Adam stood there and said, 
"you cannot kill me" "for you are death, I'm sick of your petty 
remarks" said A. as they battled, "actually it's, Death cannot 
contain me, I made it up just for you" said Adam as he threw A. in 
to Kagato, the ground holding Minagi broke and Adam said a few 
words and Minagi disappered, just as the others came out side to 
see what the noise was and they saw a man that looked like Al, but 
wore a sjort sleeved shirt, and a tight pair of shorts, What's 
going on here?" said Ayeka as Adam landed a right hook on A. and 
he countered with a kick to the ribs, "this is my brother, A. 
bastard" said Adam as he sprung up from a low sweep, "and he 
brought Kagato with him" " where is he?" asked Tenchi just as 
Kagato materialised behing him.

chapter 17: the fight for life

"here I am" said Kagato using a blast of energy on Tenchi, 
knocking him unconcious, "you bastard" screamed Ayeka and Ryoko in 
unision, and they got within five foot of Kagato and were thrown 
back,they landed out cold, "impressive" said Washu as she kicked 
him in the groin, he just laughed, "I have no longer any vunerable 
parts, now you will suffer for that" he said as he picked her up 
and choke slammed her, he was being shot at by Mihoshi and Kiyone, 
when suddenly their guns melted, and they were lifted and then 
droped to the floor like forgotten toys,Sasami just cowered as 
Kagato walked over to her, "now little girl tell me how I can get 
great power like you" said Kagato leaning forward, and Sasami 
punched him, when suddenly his nose bled, "how, it's impossible 
that you couldmake me bleed and then when he looked at her, energy 
was flowing off of her, So you have unlocked you power, very well, 
I shall drain it and have the knowlege of how to control it" and 
Kagato reached over to Sasami  and she knocked the hand away and 
landed a power punch on Kagato, breaking several ribs loudly, 
"impossible" he wheezed and he collapsed as Sasami did. Adam was 
beating A. with his own arm, A. was blocking the brutal attacks, 
and then he lashed out with a kick that was a blur ans with a 
crack broke Adam's right leg in half, "Now we're even" said A. 
pulling the leg off and started to batter Adam with it, soon they 
were fighting with the limbs like they were swords, Adam lunged 
and so did A. they both passed each other and thenm A. spoke up, 
"You are a great opponent, I am honoured that you made me" and he 
collapsed, and started to dissolve with is arm imbedded in his 
chest, and Adam standing there with his leg in his hand, Adam bent 
down and reattached the leg befroe walking over to the others and 
healing them, he then turned to Kagato who teleported aboard his 
ship  and when to his chamber and begain the regeneration process.

chapter 18: no need for action

Sasami was fine, she had no injurys, but she was still out cold 
after attacking Kagato a full day before,Adam had sat by her bed 
holding her hand, and trying to get in to her mind using a psyhic 
link, he had been sitting there for an hour when suddenly he was 
in, it was a place full of flowers and all things beautiful, Adam 
was looking around when suddenly he heard a voice, he reconised it 
as Tsunami, "you have been let in because of your resiliness, not 
because of your power" " I know that, I just wanted to see if she 
was ok mentally, as well as bodily" <I can't spell the word for 
the first part of P.E.> said Adam as Tsunami appeared with Sasami, 
"I'm fine Adam, because of you my powers have awakened, I can feel 
the power of Jurai flowing through my body,I am adjusting and 
changing so that I can use the powers of Jurai" said Sasami sort 
of glowing, when suddenly the world turned from a beautiful place 
to a dark place, "so the power of Jurai was what caused my 
injurys, and they was passed down to a little girl, the irony, 
that a little brat should have one of the powerfulest abillity's 
in measured time" said a dark and brooding voice, "Kagato you have 
no place here" said Adam, automaticly assuming a fighting stance, 
"there is no fighting here, he has only managed to establish a 
telepathic link, not an astral body like you" said Tsunami, Adam 
could hear slight fear in her voice, "then why has this place 
turned black?" asked Adam feeling at home in the blackness, almost 
welcoming it, "I think that it shows that he's totally evil and 
that it is justifing that we are the light and he is the dark" 
said Sasami lloking at Adam, seemed to be relaxing due to the 
blackness, it had an unexplainable effect on him, he had wore 
black for a long time, he loved black, adored the darkness, he was 
part child of the dark, yet he had never felt this relaxed. "Adam, 
Adam, wake up, its morning" Adam opened his eyes to find that he 
was sitting bolt upright and was holding Sasami's hand, he turned 
and saw Minagi standing there wearing one of Ryoko's low cut 
jumpsuits, "well seeing as your awake, lets get some food in you, 
and then we can go somewhere" "I'm not hungry (his stomach rumbled 
loudly to say he's lying), and I want to sit here and watch for 
any change in Sasami" said Adam facing Sasami who opened her eyes 
and said "you can go I'll be fine my adaption is complete" 
"Sasami, I want to thank you for giving me the strengh to carry on 
and defeat my evil twin" said Adam letting go of her hand and 
standing up, his muscles screaming in protest, "I didn't give you 
any strengh you did it on your own" said Sasami hopping down off 
the table and rushing off to make breakfast.

to be continued...

disclaimer:

All the people who are featured are not mine, except Buel, 
Titanius, Solidius, A. Bastard, Al and Adam Asskicker. The solid 
armour and Evariuder <this is most likely the incorrect spelling> 
are from Detenator Orgun, the tenchi crew are from Tenchi muyo! 
(mainly the manga 'no need for Tenchi'), Urd, Keiichi and the 
others are from 'oh, my goddess', triple triad cards are from 
final fantasy 8, Ash is from Pokemon, the witches council from 
Sabrina the teenage witch, Zianoids and guyver/bio-booster 
armour/sho/agito are from 'the guyver, bio-booster armour'  and 
Piccolo is from 'Dragon ball Z'. don't sue me as it took me years 
to get this computer, let alone a few hours to type this story 
suffering from the flu.

Any questions/comments/cameos requesting,
email me @

asskicker@richmond17.freeserve.co.uk
