					THE WAR
					BY
					ADAM 'ASSKICKER' RICHMOND

Disclaimer:

The majority of characters are not my property; Adam Asskicker, Al, and a few others are as well as the 'standard issue big gun'. Where as Ssedrey belongs to Daniel Powell, C32411 is property of Tron and his namesake too, Zan-Ohki/Zanakin belongs to the respective person. If you see a part of your fanfic in this story then you know I liked the fic, all cameos are asked for by people reading my other fics (the other tales of Adam) and e-mailing me or asks me in the chat room. That about covers it. Oh and don't sue me this is costing me money to write/type this, and anyway, I'm English!

Chapter 1: The mystery

"Com'n Adam, that's not fair!" whined Minagi as Adam was playing a game with her, "what? It's what you do" he replied as 'KO' flashed up on the screen. "But, I'm just a girl" said Minagi with the cute eyes look, "yeah, and I'm skilled at playing games" said Adam rubbing his stubble, "you need a shave, tramp" said Ryoko as she walked in and handed him a razor. "I don't need a shave, my beard doesn't grow fast, door-knob" replied Adam, taking the razor, "so you've got tramps stubble, anyway, what's a doorknob?" said Ryoko, taking his pad and starting a new game, "it means everybody's had a turn" said Adam leaving the room.

"What! Adam can do what!" said Ayeka as Washu told her that he can use the powers of Jurai, the Tenchiken, the light/night hawk wings, Tsunami (the ship, not the goddess), the whole hog. "That's impossible, he's not Juraian, how?" "Well, he can duplicate powers and also Tsunami has gave the powers of Jurai to him as well as to Sasami," said Washu as she summoned her computer. "So your saying that he can use any power of Jurai," asked Ayeka as she sat down on a chair, which just appeared. "Not just use, increase the strength at least tenfold, also he could destroy worlds before with a single movement, but now he can with a thought" said Washu typing at a rapid pace. "If he was so powerful before, then why has Tsunami gave him more power?" asked Ayeka, still shocked that Tsunami had gave a person from another world let alone another dimension such power when he was amazingly powerful already. "I'm not sure, I think that he could be the saviour of Jurai, like in the story" said Washu, turning around. "You mean the one about a stranger from another planet coming and ridding Jurai of great evil?" "That one and I'm sure that its Adam, I mean since he saved Sasami, he has unlocked his soft side again" "what do you mean 'soft side'" said Ayeka as she looked at Washu, "he was married, and he was not like the way he is now. You know how he acted tough, not letting anyone get close to him, it was a wall that he put up so no-one close would be hurt." "I had no idea, how did she die?" "She was killed by Dracula, Adam went mad and killed him and every creature with his bare hands, he then became a monster himself, killing anything in his path, man, woman and child. He continued like this for a few years, he managed to stop and only goes to that world to visit the grave" said Washu, looking Ayeka straight in the eye. "I think that I should say I'm sorry for how I've been acting" "he'll just say it was in the past, and that you shouldn't dwell in the past, you gotta move on" "well, I don't know," said Ayeka as she got up and left.

Chapter 2: preparing for the attack on Jurai

Kagato was taking no chances; he had cloned an army of himself and then placed himself in cryogenic stasis. The one he had appointed leader said: "Ok, now we begin the attack. This is the planet Jurai, our first action is to take this planet and discover about the powers of Jurai". One of the other Kagato's stepped forward, "sir, I think that we should construct a plan of how we'll take the planet over". "That has already been taken care of, we shall split in to two teams and we both take a different half of the world" said the leader with a smile. 

Meanwhile, Kiyone and Mihoshi were just patrolling near Jurai, when suddenly they saw the Souja, and two craft departing from it. "Hey, Kiyone that's Kagato's ship, isn't it?" asked Mihoshi as she was eating a bag of potato chips, "yeah, but I thought that Tenchi had destroyed it" said Kiyone as she checked records of the ship, "here, it says that the ship exploded" said Kiyone pointing at the screen, "hadn't we better report it?" asked Mihoshi as she finished the bag off. "Yeah"-said Kiyone reaching for the console when she saw the two ships streak towards Jurai, "we defiantly gotta report this" she said flicking a switch on the console.

"Hey! You lazy scumbag, get put of that pit you call a bed!" said Adam fazing through the locked door. Ryoko just pulled the cover over her head, "just fuck off, it's Sunday, day of rest" "rest from doing nothing, now get up" said Adam, pulling the sheet off of Ryoko, then picking her up and throwing her out of the window. "You bastard, I'm gonna get you for this" said Ryoko as she hit the water, "you and what army" said Adam as he jumped out of the window to land without a sound, "Adam, can you come here a minute" said Ayeka, smiling at Ryoko, who was climbing out of the water. "I know that you are surprised that I can summon the wings and I have been given the powers of Jurai, I have been speaking with Yosho. He said that there was a story about a warrior from another world," said Adam taking a pair of mirrored sunglasses out of the shadow that covered his face. "Yes, he saves Jurai from a great evil" said Ayeka studying Adam as he replaced the sunglasses, "from a great amount of evil is how it goes, it describes the battle and I think that I couldn't be the man in the legend" said Adam looking at Ryoko as was drying off in the sun, steam rising off of her clothes, "why, it says a powerful warrior, and well, your the most powerful I know" said Ayeka, avoiding Adam's look of surprise.

"Mihoshi, can you confirm what Kiyone is saying?" asked the chief, looking very surprised, Mihoshi was twiddling her cube. "Mihoshi" said Kiyone as she elbowed Mihoshi, "yes sir, it's the Souja" she said still twiddling with the cube, "right, just keep an eye on it, and we'll contact Jurai to see what's happening. Out" the console went dead. "Hey, Kiyone can you use your cube to get me a cup of tea?" asked Mihoshi fiddling with the cube when suddenly Kiyone's uniform was changed into something a ho would be ashamed to wear <pimpin' ain't easy! >, "Give me that!" said Kiyone snatching the cube from Mihoshi and changing her uniform back and summoning a cup of tea, "thanks" said Mihoshi as she drank the tea, "say can I have the cube back?" "No" replied Kiyone tossing it into the back.

Chapter 3: the attack starts

The attack on Jurai was brutal and swift; there were many deaths. The palace was destroyed, but the royal family was safe, they were teleported a board a GP ship, "I was wondering when you was gonna save us" said Azusa, "well, sir, we wasn't sure what was happening on the planet. We suggest that you find another planet, at least for now" said the captain of the ship, "why don't we visit Tenchi and we can check on the girls as well" said Misaki, with a grin, "earth it is" said Azusa.

Adam was sitting in the onsen surrounded by a barrier that he had created that stopped Ryoko from teleporting near him, it was just long enough for him to stretch out and wide enough for him to spread his arms. Peeling of a wet T-shirt, the field turned black. Laughter could be heard when suddenly the sound stopped and the field turned clear just as he cut off the view, "bastard, I wanted to see his muscles" said Minagi as she sat opposite him. Then Washu walked over to the field and summoned her keyboard and suddenly Washu walked over to the rock and it shattered, to her surprise Adam wasn't there, but his T-shirt was. "Where? How?" asked Washu as she was grabbed by the arm and was lifted out of the water, "I knew you were gonna try that, so I turned into vapour, and waited" said Adam as Washu was put down. He re-materialised wearing a towel around his waist, a cloth on his face held there by his sunglasses, and another black T-shirt, Washu reached for the towel and Adam moved at the last second. She fell forward and he caught her, straightened her up and jumped on to the side and went to get changed. 


Later that day, Adam was practising with Tenchi, each using their style of sword play, Adam was using his style which encompassed every style he saw, while Tenchi was using the style his grandfather taught him, "time for lunch" called Sasami just as Adam and Tenchi were locked, "come on guys, lunch's ready" said Sasami as they continued to be locked, when suddenly they jumped away and they both went for a sneaky blow at the same time, the ends of the bokken touched and rebounded away, "nice try Tenchi, try more swings high because you leave the top halve open to attack for the other person's hands" said Adam as they went in to eat lunch. Once they finished they went back outside and resumed practising when suddenly they both jumped back and then lunged at the same spot where Yosho had landed a few seconds ago. Yosho was astounded that they both had him in a position where a single movement could kill with a sword and injure with a bokken. "Alright you two, you can relax, I won't attack you" said Yosho, just as Tenchi relaxed, Yosho swung the bokken at him for it to be blocked by Adam and Adam had a open palm strike inches from Yosho's throat. "Well, done young sir, you have saved Tenchi from an attack whilst attacking the attacker and defending yourself at the same time. Tenchi, you could learn for this person," said Yosho as he lowered his bokken and Adam resumed his standing position. Suddenly a ship appeared above them, "hey, that's Azusa's ship" said Adam as he looked up, "I wonder what they want" said Yosho, this was a statement not a question. "They want to stay," said a voice behind them, as they turned they saw Ayeka, "Ayeka, why do they want to stay here?" asked Tenchi, surprised by Ayeka. Adam just stood there as they beamed down behind her, "the planet Jurai is being attacked by an army of Kagato's clones" said Ayeka, turning around to face her parents, "mother, father, how nice to see you, lady Funaho" said Ayeka bowing, "so this is the young man you told us about" said Azusa looking Adam up and down, Adam was too studying the emperor of Jurai. "My name is Adam, me-lord" said Adam bowing as if he was meeting the Queen of England, "I have been informed that you know of me and my two wife's" "yes, my lord" said Adam standing back up, "lady Misaki and lady Funaho", Funaho bowed and Misaki came over and hugged him, it was hugging a piece of cold meat, "don't you like to be hugged, now do you" she said stepping back, "no, me-lady, please excuse me" said Adam and when Azusa nodded he turned and left. "What a nice young man. He's a bit enigmatic," said lady Funaho.

Chapter 4: the calm before the storm

Adam was keeping out of the way of the Jurain royal family, he didn't like being around royalty, "hmm, I'm royalty too, I wonder what my problem is" said Adam as he settled down on the Waters edge, when suddenly he sprung to his feet and turned to greet his brother, "hi Al, what's the matter?" "Sho Khan want's your help to squash some rebels in the outworld" "alright then, lets go" a few minutes later Adam was back, he sat down when his phone rang with swan lake, "hello Adam Asskicker, kickin' ass, saving women and then splitting. Hi Lara, what can I do for you? Nope, I can't come to a dinner party, I'm staying with a friend and he has some royalty over. See you later" Adam hung up the phone and sighed, 'she is the sexiest woman in the video gaming world and I don't want to spend an evening with her, instead I'm avoiding royalty' though Adam as he leaned back. 

"Lord Kagato, I can tell you that the last of the resistance was squashed just a few minutes ago" said a short man with glasses, "excellent, we shall start to manufacture weapons" said the Kagato, 'we're gonna crush that Adam and his friends, and then we will take over the universe' thought the Kagato with a smile playing on his lips. "Sir our ships have just been blow clear out of the sky by some weapon of immense power, we have very little data concerning the weapon as of yet. Out" the chief was in deep trouble, half of the galaxy police had just been wiped out by a single weapon, "great, and it takes even the best student two years in the academy" said the chief as he turned to his assistant, "send Mihoshi and Kiyone to planet earth to keep an eye on the Jurain royal family" "yes sir" replied his assistant as she told the dispatch to tell Mihoshi and Kiyone.

Adam was sitting outside listening to a few songs in his car, when his phone rang with the mission impossible theme, turning down the music he answered the phone, "hello Adam Asskicker, I'm so cool I'm hot. What can I do for you, miss Pezzini, I mean Sara, no I can't come and help you with a case over dinner, I promised that I would eat at my friends house. Yeah well I don't break my word do I? Well, bye" he hung up his phone, 'god, I'm being busy answering my phone today' though Adam as he turned his music back on, the club anthem 'Bellissima' started <DJ quicksilver>, the music helped him think, when suddenly he was interrupted as his watch spoke, turning his music off he said "what is it Pam?" (Portable asshole machine as Adam called it, until he fixed the attitude it had) "I got an emergency call from Karula" "that's the one from the Drakuun dimension isn't it?" "Yes, she says that she's under attack and she needs you help as Dard's injured" "ok, tell her I'll be right there" Adam then got out of the car and opened a portal, leapt through and it closed again, a few minutes later he returned with dirt on his clothes and a few cuts which were almost healed.

"So this Adam, you say he can summon the light hawk and the night hawk wings?" asked Azusa looking at Washu, "and that's not all, he has been given the power of Jurai, he has already used the Tenchiken, and he can increase the strength of the powers of Jurai, at least tenfold" said Washu looking at Azusa. Adam walked into the room when his phone rang with a haunting tone, "hello, Adam Asskicker, will protect, serve and have fun. Hi Jill, what can I do for you? No, out of the question, I will not research whatever virus; they could be up to the letter Z for all I care! I refuse to have anything to do with it," said Adam when Washu tried to grab the phone, "I will! Send it to me" shouted Washu as Adam continued the conversation on the phone, "I'm sorry but I have people in other worlds to save other than that one, I cannot risk infecting other worlds, good bye." said Adam hanging up. He turned to Washu; "Washu, this virus, it mutates creatures in to horrifying monsters, with an insatiable urge to kill," said Adam, placing his phone on his waist. Adam sat down and was about to say something when his phone rang with a siren, "hello Adam Asskicker, what's the problem girls? No, he can't stay at my place, I sorry but how many times has he tried to kill me? Well there you go, yes I know he thinks that I am stealing you from him but the answer is still no, and I'm still keeping tabs on you pair, so if you let him in I will know. Bye, oh and have fun with the delivery I got for you pair" said Adam as he hung up, "man, my phone's not stopped ringing since I relaxed for 5 minuets, all I want is to have some peace, even I need to unwind some time" said Adam as he closed his eyes.

Chapter 5: troubles' brewing (sake)

It was a sunny day; down by the waters edge sat the Jurain royal family, when suddenly a GP ship appeared in the sky, it was Mihoshi. "We're here to protect the Jurain royal family," she said as she got out of the ship, Kiyone on the other hand decided to stay aboard and avoid Adam. "Hello Mihoshi, its been a long time" said Funaho, while Misaki was hugging Mihoshi, "where's Kiyone?" asked Tenchi, Mihoshi replied, "She's hiding on the ship".

The Kagato's were all in charge of different sections of the planet; they all operated from one central place, a building high above the ground. "The royal trees will reveal their secrets or else they will die" said the one Kagato, "but if they refuse and we kill them" said another, "then how will we get the secrets", "good point" said the first Kagato.

"Adam, can you please come here and help?" asked Mihoshi even through Kiyone said not to call him over, "sure, although Kiyone doesn't look as if she want's me to" he replied. Tenchi on the other hand was not having fun, he was ordered about by the emperor of Jurai, "father, you shouldn't treat master Tenchi like that, after all he said that you could stay with us" said Ayeka as Tenchi brought them all a drink. "Ayeka, you forget that he is our host and that he has to make us comfortable". "But my-lord, you shouldn't take advantage of the young man" said Adam as he walked past on his way to the shrine, "anyway, its time for Tenchi to practice with Yosho" said Adam as he continued to walk to the shrine. When Adam got to the shrine, he found the place had been attacked and there was no sign of Yosho. "It looks like Yosho was taken with some major force," said Adam surveying the damage, "what happened here?" asked Tenchi as he caught up to Adam. "Well the prince hasn't aged well has he, after all look how easy it was to capture him" said a bird like creature, looking at Yosho, who was suspended in mid-air. "The commander will reward us handsomely," said another one of the creatures, this one was a snake-man, "will you pair stop gas bagging??" said a tall dog-man creature. "Prince Yosho, I am Greenspringius, the leader of this unit", "unit of what?" asked the Jurain prince, "the toughest bunch of in individuals this side of any worm-hole, so you had better be good boy or we will have to turn nasty", Yosho just sneered. "So let me get this straight, Yosho has been kidnapped, and just how do you confirm this?" asked Kiyone trying to sound professional, but failing because she was talking to Adam. "I saw signs of struggling, the place looked like a bomb hit it and I got psychic projections while I was there. They used some sort of weapon on him and it knocked out his powers" said Adam, sounding like he was giving a report to the galaxy police instead of a friend, who just happened to be a GP officer.

Chapter 6: the fun begins...

"I say we go after them and bring Yosho back," said Ryoko, trying to get on the good side of the Jurain royal family. "But, that could resulting the injury or death of one of us" said Azusa, "I think that we should see what they are planning first" "but what if they use Yosho and then kill him before we find out their plans" said Adam, raising to his feet. "I will go after them, one person is harder to find than a ship." He said as he went outside, "Pam, summon the solid armour", suddenly Adam was covered in light and when it died down, he had the solid armour on, "I will return with Yosho, Sasami can you not make me any lunch, I may not make it back in time".

"The time has come for us to attack Adam, we have found the perfect warrior to do battle with him." Said a Kagato as he stepped aside, an eight-foot tall man stood there, he had a cybernetic right eye, and he was built like Adam, he had blonde hair, one arm was cybernetic with spikes on the knuckles. "I am known as Jack Jones, I will crush that bastard," said the man.

Adam was flying through space at a breakneck speed, he caught up with the ship in no time at all, "the ship looks like it's see better days'" said Adam as he broke through the hull, "this place seems familiar, I wonder what it reminds me of?" "Welcome to my ship, I hope you enjoy your last few minutes of life" said the snake like creature. "I am the one know as Ellieius", "well Ellieius, I am death" said Adam, as he leapt at the creature, pulling off a series of aerial manoeuvres to dodge the creatures attacks. "Death has come for your soul," said Adam as he landed behind the creature, the creature turned and lashed out at Adam, who was hit in the chest and flung across the room. "You will pay for coming to save the old man, you will meet the real death!" said Ellieius, jumping on to Adam, but Adam was too agile, he dodged, then sprung at the creature and ripped its head off.

"I hope that Adams' OK" sighed Minagi, as she sat outside watching the sunset, "I still haven't told him how I feel" she sighed as she stood up and when inside. "Mihoshi can you please not put ring marks on my plans" said Kiyone, trying to remove a ring mark from the plan she had laid out on the table, "we locate the ship by locking onto Adam and then we will then get in range to teleport them aboard" "Washu, how's the teleporter going?" "Well Kiyone, it should take a few more hours at least, but it could be days" said Washu tinkering with a device that looked like a mat.

Adam progressed through the ship and soon encountered the bird like creature, "my name is Nintendoius, You will not get past me" said the creature as it assumed a fighting stance, "get out of my way or die" responded Adam continuing to walk, the creature then barred his way, "I said that you will not get past! Leave and we will let you live" "fuck you" replied Adam as he plunged his fist straight through the creatures chest. "Impossible! No one can defeat us this easily" said Greenspringius, looking at the monitor as Adam removed his hand from the chest of his enemy, "as he would say 'almost anything's possible around me' so I think that you had better let me go" said Yosho, "we'll see if he can defeat me" said the creature with a grin.

"Here goes," said Washu as she activated the teleporter in the lab, she tried to teleport an orange, when it appeared on the other side it exploded. "Nearly ready" said Washu as the other looked at the orange and thought of the same happening to Yosho.

Chapter 7: the rescue

Adam was soon at the bridge where Yosho was being held captive, "so this is the warrior who has killed the toughest pair of creatures in the universe, just a kid to boot" said Greenspringius as Adam walked through the doors to the bridge. "Let him go and nothing will befall you" said Adam calmly, "never! The commander wants him, so we're delivering him," said the eight foot tall creature, "speaking of the commander, he's just arrived" Adam looked at the screen and saw a large ship extending a docking port.

"There that's all the bugs worked out" said Washu as an orange reappeared on the mat, "well done Washu, now can you teleport a live specimen?" asked Kiyone, "well who wants to be first?" asked Washu as everyone backed away.

"I see that you didn't mess this one up, congratulations" said the commander, as he looked at Yosho, "Your gonna pay for kidnapping him" said Adam being restrained by two large creatures, "It was very brave of you to attempt this mission alone" said the commander turning to look at Adam, who was still in the solid armour, "I haven't begun to fight" said Adam as he activated the blades on his wrists and cut off the arms that were restraining him, "that is your final mistake!" said Greenspringius lunging at Adam who just caught him and broke his neck, Adam then tossed him to one side. "Stay back or the prince gets it" said the commander grabbing Yosho by the hair, "I can get you without moving from this spot" said Adam as the commander started to be crushed by invisible hands, soon the commander was a boneless heap on the floor. "Are you ok Yosho?" asked Adam as Yosho jumped down from his invisible prison, "yes thank you" he replied, "how do we get back?" he asked as Adam deactivated his armour, putting his hat on Adam replied: "like this", he opened a portal and they both walked through the portal. "Adam, we were just gonna come and rescue you" said Washu sounding put out that she couldn't be the hero this time, "well I told you I could do it, and yet again you didn't believe me" said Adam sitting in a chair. "That was very brave, rescuing Yosho on your own" said Lady Funaho, "there's a thin line between bravery and stupidity, and it's said that the bravest of people are stupid. I certainly fit the bill" replied Adam, cracking his knuckles loudly, this made Misaki cringe, "I'm sorry lady Misaki, its an old habit" said Adam as he forced himself not crack the other hand, "so Adam, why do you have such a low opinion of yourself, if you don't mind me asking" said Funaho, "well it was before I got my powers that everyone picked on me, I found ways to combat this but they only last for so long, and to cut a long story short, I developed a low opinion of myself" said Adam as he raised his hands to crack them and he caught himself and stopped.

Chapter 8: help is here (somewhere!)

It was a pleasant day outside the Masaki residence, Adam was busy typing on his laptop, Washu was tinkering out in the sunlight, Minagi, Ryoko and Ayeka were doing their chores and Tenchi was just relaxing. "I wonder what the others are talking about?" said Washu to no-one in particular, "if your hinting that I should us my powers for personal use then your mistaken. Although I have done in the past" said Adam as he conjured a glass, he then opened a portal and took out a bottle that said 'Asskicker's delight', "Hey gimme some" said Ryoko as she walked over to Adam, who poured himself a tall glass. "Adam can I have a word with you?" asked Azusa, "sure" replied Adam taking his drink with him and tossing the empty bottle to Ryoko, "hey! This bottles empty" said Ryoko as Adam went inside, "I'm sorry for having to ask you this but..." "you want me to help you take back Jurai" said Adam, Azusa looked stunned, "I wondered when you would ask me, although you don't like me you have very little choice" said Adam, trying not to let the moment take over, "yes, I want your help in taking back Jurai. Will you help?" said the emperor of Jurai looking at the floor as if he was the commoner and Adam was the royalty. "Of course I'll help, you didn't think I wouldn't, would you?" asked Adam looking at the emperor of Jurai, "I will on the condition that I can call you by name not title" the emperor of Jurai looked surprised, thinking that he would want gold, treasure or property (even worse, a combination), "that is a fair deal, I accept your help" Adam nodded.

"Master, the preparations are finished, the warrior is ready to depart" said a tall balding man, "good, you may go now Rumiya" said a Kagato who was slightly different, he was more built than the others and he was taller, he was the leader.

"Adam can you take me to meet pretty Sammy?" asked Sasami when she finished reading the Magical girl pretty Sammy graphic novel <published by Viz>, "hmmm, I dunno, it could be tough to get there" said Adam, thinking on how to get there, "I believe that you can! You can make almost anything possible," said Sasami, focusing her big pink eyes on him, brimming with hope. "Alright Sasami, I'll try" said Adam raising his hands, "Time passes by, I wanna go goodbye, to get me from A to B, from here to there, take me away to another place, another anime, time to say goodbye" Adam then started to disappear, and a few minutes later, he stepped through a portal, "well Sasami, I found Pretty sammy's world, do ya wanna go now or later?" "Now please!" said Sasami walking up to the portal and walking through it, struggling to contain her excitement. "So your Sasami, you know who I am I've been told" said Pretty Sammy, looking at the little girl who stood before her. "Yep, your Pretty Sammy, my hero, next to Adam of course" said Sasami looking at Pretty Sammy as if she was made of gold, when suddenly Pixie Misa appeared, "so we have some new friends do we? Never mind I will destroy you all!" and with that she fired a huge beam, which Adam turned just inches from him and it headed back at Pixie Misa, "that's not fair!" she cried as she dodged the beam, "neither is' life" said Adam as the ground rose up around Pixie Misa, "you haven't seen the last of me" said Pixie Misa disappearing, "wanna bet?" replied Adam.

Chapter 9: ladies prepare for trouble!
 
Adam and Sasami returned home not long after their encounter with Pixie Misa, "Adam that was fun, can we go there again sometime?" asked Sasami as she headed to the kitchen, "sure, I wanna see if I can get to Juraihelm, especially the tower of Sumeragi" said Adam, as he sat down. "So the most sexually wanted man in the universe has returned" "where?" asked Adam to the owner of the voice, he knew it was Washu, "well I'm looking at him" she replied trying to be witty, "I didn't know Tenchi was around" he said sitting with his back to her. "I was wondering, why do you like to be by yourself?" asked Washu, "because" was all she got, she turned and left for the onsen.

"Hey Kiyone, why do you keep avoiding Adam?" asked Mihoshi puzzled that her partner, who was almost fearless, was staying away from a friend. "Because Mihoshi, I have a feeling that something terrible will happened around him and I don't want to be caught by it" she said relaxing in the onsen, "but he won't let anything happen to us, he's got all those powers. I think its because your shy and he's getting the attention from others" said Mihoshi, sipping from a bottle of sake. "My guess is that you don't feel worthy of him," said Washu, it had been a few minutes since she had spoke to Adam, "mind your business Washu, how long have you been ear-wigging?" Kiyone realised that she had used one of Adam's sayings and she started to turn red, "Not long, and its 'listening' and I see that you, like me have a crush on him. Ryoko and Minagi are in love with him, Ryoko broke up with him because of her feelings for Tenchi, Minagi on the other hand truly loves him. He on the other hand, sees us as a family, the one he never had. He sees us all as sisters and Tenchi as the little brother he never had," Washu sat down in the hot water, when Mihoshi spoke, "but what about Al, he's Adam's brother" "A clone with half of Adam's soul. They are the same but are different, they're like twins," said Washu as Kiyone's mouth dropped. "What's wrong with Adam's face, why does he cover it up?" asked Minagi who appeared in time to hear that Adam and Al were like twins, "he thinks he's ugly, he thinks that if he showed his face it would make us hate him" said Washu as Minagi sat in the water, "but why?" asked Mihoshi puzzled, "because I do, I have had the piss taken a lot in my life, that's why I hide my face and my body" said Adam who had just came through the door, "Washu, I thought that I could trust you, but I see that I was wrong yet again. Goodbye" he turned and left the girls, who were all looking ashamed of themselves.

"The attack are almost ready sir. We're re-briefing our army," said Rumiya, "good. Prepare the first wave," said the tall Kagato, he was the leader, "we shall attack at earth's dawn, when everyone will not be ready", and Rumiya turned and left, to prepare an army of genetic mutations for the first attack. "Those bungling fool's, I knew that Greenspringius would fail. I shall be the victor!" The Kagato started to laugh.

Chapter 10: the plan

"Sir, I have managed to establish a link to A.complete Bastard," said a creature that was half cat and half man, "you may leave now Mishus, A.complete Bastard, very humorous. This call is business not pleasure, Adam has killed your clone and I have a plan" "I want to hear this plan, I might be able to help" said a figure on the screen, who looked like Al except he had a scar down the middle his face, blonde hair and he had more muscles than Adam, he wore a short sleeved T-shirt and a pair of tight jeans. "Good, my plan is..."

"I wonder where Adam's gone," said Washu when she sat down to eat dinner, "I tried to find him locating by locking on to his watch, no success. I tried to lock on to his genetic pattern and this failed. He's not in this world and he's not at his home world either" "well, if you was Adam where would you go?" asked Kiyone, "he said that he has a place where even his brother couldn't find him. He calls it his 'sanctuary', he told me that he goes there to clear his head, to rest and to revert to normal again," said Ryoko sounding rather depressed that Adam had left without saying goodbye. "Well I'm sure he'll be back soon," said Tenchi trying to get the girls to cheer up, but failing. "The emotional burden he must carry, the woman he loved slain, the constant rejection and bullying he took. Since his powers awoke he has been under a lot of pressure, too much for anybody to cope with, women falling at his feet, many enemies all attacking all the time, constantly fighting. He once was a police officer, but he had to give it up because of the commitment to save others." said Washu.

"Excellent plan! I shall start on it right away"; Kagato smiled, 'all is coming together, I will kill that Adam and then I shall rule the galaxy' thought Kagato as he walked down to the strategy room. "Sir, we have got the prefect strategy, it is fool proof, its impossible for anything to go wrong" "we'll see" said the Kagato, sitting and looking at the plans on the table, "I have a back up plan on the back burner, I have someone gathering Adam's worst enemies from all the worlds were he has gone" said the Kagato rubbing his hands, "sir, I don't doubt your plan but, are you sure that it'll work? Adam's enemies must be the most evil of evil," said a dog like creature. "I know that it will, I have Adam's evil twin working on the gathering" the creatures in the room all stopped and looked the Kagato who was rubbing his hands.

Chapter 11: the adventure

"So you just up and left?" asked Sally, princess of Mobius and love of Sonic the hedgehog, "yes princess, I mean Sally" "well I understand how you feel, I mean you've protected them from danger, you've saved them before. They could be in more danger, but you still need to look after number 1, don't you, I mean its more important to be selfish, than to look after others" "yes, I mean no. That's not fair Sally and you know it, I trusted Washu and she still told them" "it was for the best I'm sure," said Sally looking at Adam who shuffled his feet like a kid getting grilled. "Adam, just the person I wanted to see, I was wondering if you wanna go find Sonic?" it was Miles 'tails' Prowser, "Tails, Sonic said not to worry, he's with Sonja and Manic. If you want to desperately want to see them then I'm sure they won't mind" Adam then lifted his arm's and opened a portal, "Com'n then, I want to get there and back before Sonja starts to drool" Adam then stepped through the portal just as a black rectangle opened, "Damn, I lost him!" said a girl who looked 10 years old with spiky red hair popping her head through, "can I help?" said Sally, noticing the girls green eyes, "yeah, where's Adam?" "Just missed 'im" "thanks, bye" the girl as she popped back through, "strange girl" Sally turned to see her friend come in looking for Adam. "Bunny, you just missed him, and some girl asking for him" "damn, I wanna speak with him, I want him to come on a mission with me". "So you were worried? I'm surprised that you got Adam to bring you here" said Sonic, watching Adam trying to fend off Sonja, who was trying to steal a kiss. "He said that he wanted to go before Sonja started to drool" "really now?" said Sonja as Adam melted in to the ground, "hey sis, you lost him," said Manic as Adam reappeared behind him. "Tail's, time to go. Sally said that she wants us all back by sun-down" "ok, see ya Sonic" "later bro." Adam opened a portal as one opened behind him; "missed him again!" said a little girl who stuck her head through the portal. "Adam your to accompany Bunny on this mission, and then return to where you came from" "but" "no buts, you leave in 1 hour", later that evening, Adam was sitting out by a river typing up the previous days event's, "there, finished. Bunny you should know that you can't sneak up on me" he said turning to see Bunny, "its time for us to leave" "ok, lets go. We should be done in an hour". They completed the mission without a hiccup, when they got back to the camp, Adam found Washu sitting by the camp fire, "hi there, I finally caught you" she said smiling.

"A.complete Bastard says that he has the people at hand, they're ready for action" "good" was all the Kagato said as he shifted in his seat, "launch the first wave of our fleet"

"So you see that we are sorry, will you please come back?" asked Washu looking at him with eyes that could make even the hardest man cry Adam on the other hand just stood there. "No. I refuse and anyway I have a mission to complete here" "no you don't, just go to them", it was Sally, "fine, I'll go some where else, where you can't find me" and with that he turned and opened a portal. "I wish he wasn't so stubborn," said Washu as he left, "he can't help it. He's going to visit his wife's grave" "how did you?" "It's where he goes for support" "thanks" Washu stood up, summoned her keyboard and was gone.

"Hi Mirai, where's Hitoshi?" "He's working on another version of the Moldiver in case this one fails. Say are free for tonight?" "Maybe, anyway don't you have anything better to do?" "Not without you" she replied fluttering her eyelashes as her brother came in to the room, "god, you look like you belong in a monster movie" "thanks, my looks are improving then" said Hitoshi as he grabbed a bottle of orange juice, "what can I do for you?" he asked looking at Adam as a portal opened behind him, "I wanna show you an armour that will make Machinegals toys look like planks of wood. Washu if you don't leave, I'll do something" she stopped emerging from the portal and started to go back in. "So show us that armour then" they was standing outside, Adam removed his hat with his back to Mirai, "Pam, summon the solid armour" Adam went through he transformation sequence, "that's ace! How did you come across this?" "I just did" suddenly two suits of mechanical armour appeared next to Adam, "Dr. Machinegal has seen your design and will take it with force if you don't give up peacefully" said the one suit, both were obviously operated by women, "I don't think so, although I was wondering what you ladies look like" the two suits opened their visors and Adam just seemed to disappear, when the girl's noticed that there was a shimmer where he was standing, "put your visor back on, he's using some type of camouflage" "stealth to be truthful, and your rather good looking, I don't want to hurt you so you had better leave" said Adam as he moved behind them, "leave him alone!" it was Mirai in the Moldiver, "he's not going anywhere!" and with that she started to attack the suits, when suddenly they teleported away. Adam retracted the armour, replaced his hat and turned to say something when his watch spoke, "Adam, Tenchi and the others are under attack".

Chapter 12: the attack on earth

"Portal!" Adam shouted, as soon as the portal was open he was gone. "Give up now while you have a chance" a creature that looked like a snake and a dog mixed said as he was avoiding blasts from Ryoko, "finally... the great one has returned" the creature was then vaporised by a huge beam, "Adam, your back!" shouted Ryoko as a blast rocked the house, "no time to chat, its asskickin' time!" and with that Adam was gone, Ryoko swore she could still see his shadow. "Keep away from me!" screamed Sasami as she was cornered by a large gang of creatures, she was already drained of power, "death has come for you!" and suddenly all the creatures had been cut to ribbons, Sasami looked where the voice had come from by all she saw was a gust of wind shake the pans hanging on the wall. "Now little girl, as the saying goes: 'make love not war' so lets get busy" said a large creature as he grabbed Minagi by the legs, "I wouldn't even think it" the creature turned to find Adam standing there, he dropped Minagi and charged at Adam who dodged and swung his arm which passed straight through the creature who stopped a few feet away and fell in half at the waist. "HELP!" screamed Washu as a creature had her stuck to the floor with a type of webbing, "I'm gonna have some fun with you, I like your spunk" "really, I like her smarts" and with that the creature was crushed by invisible hands, "Adam, you came. I didn't think you would" "you still don't believe in me? Well you can stay there!" Adam turned and left. Ayeka and Tenchi had been trapped in a room, "give it up! Nothing can possibly help you" "how about if something impossibly helps?" "Adam? How?" "I'll explain later", he said possessing one of the creatures and making them kill the others and then itself, "where's Mihoshi?" asked Adam when he heard a scream from outside, he warped outside to find a group of creatures surrounding the two GP officers, "now is that anyway to treat a pair of GP officers? And pretty ones to boot!" asked Adam as the creatures turned to see who interrupted them. "Adam, RUN!" yelled Kiyone before one of the creatures knocked her out; "you must pay for hurting a woman, especially a pretty one!" Adam performed the Raging demon on all of the creatures; Adam was soon standing there, surrounded by bodies.

"Sir! The first wave has been totally destroyed, I don't understand, it was impossible to screw up the plan" "Adam says that almost anything is possible around him, send in all the forces, but leave A.complete Bastard until I say. Send for the other Kagato's as well tell them that I will join them soon" "yes sir" and the man turned away from the Kagato who was gripping the chair he sat in so hard that the arms were splintering. A whole fleet of creatures descended upon the Masaki house, they were soon destroyed through, Adam sat down on the waters edge when suddenly a man teleported behind him and grabbed him by the neck, the man's grip increased when suddenly there was a snapping, "that was almost too easy" said the man, "I know, I'm wounded that my clone was that slow", the man turned and saw Adam standing there with a plasma cannon pointed at him. "I'm Jack Jones, I've been sent to kill you, now you will die" said the man as he moved with break neck speed and caught Adam on the side of his head with a round house punch, Adam was sent flying in to a wall, he had fired the gun when the blow impacted with him, the shot caught Jack in the left arm, severing it off. "My arm! Now you will endure a slow and painful death!" and Jack advanced upon Adam who sent a power kick to Jacks groin, resulting in Jack doubling over, "you have attacked me and dared to hurt me, now you will pay!" and with that Adam performed a fall forward powerbomb, and then he lifted Jack up and performed an inverted piledriver, "there, now I will finish you off" and as Adam reached for Jacks feet, Jack grabbed Adam by the throat and choke slammed him, then he picked Adam up and then performed a running powerslam, "it is you who shall die!" and Jack jumped up and was about to land on Adam's head when Adam suddenly lifted his arms, "Shinkkkkuuuu-Hadoken!!!!" Jack was engulfed in blue fire after a huge fireball impacted with his chest, "now I will finish this!" Adam then slid across the floor on one foot, grabbed Jack by the lapels and they were engulfed by a bright white light, when it faded Adam stood there with the Kanji for his name burned on the back of his shirt, he had just performed the hell blink murder (raging demon), Jack was lying on the floor dead.

Chapter 13: enemies unite!

"Sir, the entire army plus Jack Jones, are all dead. I picked up some amazingly huge power readings before we lost the units, and a very powerful burst on Jack Jones. It was so powerful that I estimate that it can destroy the person executing it" "that would have to be a move called 'the raging demon', how are the other Kagato's?" "They will be arriving at the LZ soon" "good", the Kagato leant back and radioed A.complete Bastard.

"Well, that was over quick. I think I had better heal the others and repair the house" said Adam as he lifted his arms, "piece together this house, piece by piece, separate the floor from the wall. From the rubble rise once again the house that was." the house was engulfed in light and when the light faded the house was repaired, "now for the others" Adam moved some of the balls on his watch, lifted his arms again and they glowed with a green glow and when it faded the others came out of the house. "Adam, I knew you'd come back. I believed in you!" said Sasami running over to Adam, "I sort of believed that you would come back" said Ayeka so low that only she and Adam would hear, "you bastard, you left me there stuck to the floor" said Washu coming over to him, "you didn't believe in me, so I punished you". Yosho came down to see how everyone was after the attack. "Well every one seems fine to me, and the house is in one piece. I'm glad that the royal family had stayed up at the shrine with me", Sasami had already wandered off to the kitchen and the others returned to their tasks, while Adam sat down by the water and started to type. Washu tried to contact a friend without success, Zanakin but unknown to her he has an evil alter ego, Zan-Ohki, the cabbit.

Chapter 14: the meeting of the nemeses

"So your Adam's worst enemies, the crème de la crème of evil", said the Kagato rubbing his hands, "the plan is to attack each of the people individually, building up to Adam" "but won't that piss Adam off?" said Zan-Ohki, the evil cabbit, "look at when my army of evil cabbits attacked his familiar, he totally destroyed all 1000 of us!" Kagato sat there thinking this over, when A.complete Bastard spoke up, "he's right ya know, Adam will protect anything, even his food, with extreme violence", "I have an idea!" said Zan-Ohki.

"Heheheheh, man, I'm gonna visit the chat room more often" said Adam as he typed a reply,  "hey jackass! Come here," yelled Ryoko to Adam as she was sitting by the lake. "What! I'm busy" said Adam carrying his laptop with one hand and typing with the other, "hello" said Ryoko with a smile, "bitch" he said pushing her with his foot. His watch then spoke up, "Adam, I have some bad news", "shoot" "your worse enemies have gathered in this world" Adam's face vaulted.

"That is one sharp plan Zan-Ohki. Let's get this train rolling!" said A.complete Bastard; "say, how long have you planned this attack?" asked Jackanory, the head of the Chronos corporation. "I think that this plan will work and wipe that pile of excrement away" said M.Bison <note: His first name is Michael>, "Finally he will be crushed!" said Apocalypse, "I'm gonna enjoy this!" said both Venom and Carnage, "yes, it pleases me too" said Pyro, "yes, that meddling fool will pay for hindering our progress" said Shawn Herbert, the head of Umbrella. "Anyone else with any idea's on how to stop Adam?" said Kagato, "yes, I think that we should lure the women into a trap and then have it kill them in sight of Adam," said Dr. Machinegal, "I think that we should change the ladies into our servants" said Dracula with an evil grin, "I think that we should just kill the S.O.B." said Ramia, twirling some hair, "he's almost immortal" said Mars <Greek god of war, watch Xena/Hercules>, I think that we should just vaporise the house" said the creature with many names (Lucifer, El Diablo, the devil, the fallen angel, etc.), "I think we should create a beautiful woman and send her to kill Adam" said Rene Dan-Claude <Madonna in the Armitage III movie>, "Dr.clay tried it with Zero on Tenchi, I didn't work" said A.complete Bastard, "I think that we should combine forces and create the perfect warrior" said Mega-joint, the leader of the Strogg, "I have tried all my magic on him, it has no effect" said Kurgh, "I have used numerous things on 'im, but nothing happens" says Kano picking his nails with a knife, "I have something to add to the plan" said Ai-ke, a dark Jedi who has mastered both the dark and light force, "the force is the most strongest in Adam, but the force has a downside, it takes life energy and if we make him use it enough then he will kill himself" said the Jedi. "The raging demon is so powerful that he can destroy himself," said Shang Tsung, "I have seen it with my own eyes, I took his soul and used the manoeuvre and was destroyed", the gathering started to talk among themselves.

Chapter 15: friends, allies, erm...

"Shit! I should of known that A.complete bastard would try something like this" said Adam as he paced restlessly back and forth. "How do you know that they're in this world?" asked Washu, "their genetic data is locked in to my watch. I think I had better start gathering allies" "what do you mean?" asked Ayeka, "these are the elite of evil, the piece de resistance of scum, the creme de la creme of cruelty, the cream of the crop of... well you get the idea" he said thinking of who to call, <not the Ghostbusters! > Adam sat down and removed his sunglasses from the shadow on his face. Later that evening after Dinner Adam began compiling a list of allies he could call, "Can't call him, he's got his own problems, same for her, she'll pay more attention to me, not him either" Adam had a list of three people and he didn't really want to get them in. "who are you gonna ask?" said Washu as she sat down next to Adam, "no-one, I'll do it alone" "that's suicide" "so? There's a thin line between..." "don't give me that crap! You are gonna be killed attacking them alone, we'll help..." "no!" Adam cut Washu off mid-sentence, "but" "NO!" Adam got up and went inside, 'I wish you weren't so stubborn Adam' thought Washu as she gazed at Adam sitting in a chair and folding his arms. "Adam, will you come and tuck me in?" asked Sasami, "no" "please?" Sasami was fixing her big pink eyes on Adam, "I said no", Sasami started to cry, Adam just sat there and watched as Sasami ran away, "That was uncalled for!" said Azusa walking over to Adam, "I don't give a shit!" the Jurian emperor stepped back, "I think that you should leave this house" "hahahahahahaha, you don't get it do you? THE most evilest of people are on your world, plotting to kill me and take over this world" Azusa lifted Adam out of the chair, "that's no reason to treat Sasami that way" and with that he threw Adam at the wall, Adam landed feet first on the wall. "Hey, stop it you two!" said Tenchi as Adam sprung off the wall and landed on the floor, "I'm gonna go as you wished, but when your in deep shit, don't come crying to me!" and Adam opened a portal and left, "I hope he comes back" said Minagi sitting on a beam overhead.

"First wave is approaching the house now" a voice boomed out over the intercom to the different enemies of Adam, "all's going to plan," said Kagato with a grin on his face.

Chapter 16: the meeting of a new ally

"Holy shit!" exclaimed Ssedrey as dozens of creatures descended on to the Masaki house, "I gotta help!" he said speeding towards the house in his caddie <Cadillac>, meanwhile Adam was meditating at his 'Sanctuary', he was almost knocked senseless by a surge of energy, "Minagi and the others need my help!"

"This is better than I had hoped, Adam had left because of an argument, this is brilliant!" said A.complete Bastard, "because of his pride, he won't return, this is a dream come true!" "Adam might come back yet," said Kagato, looking at A.complete Bastard, "so?" he replied.

A portal opened a few miles from the house, "Shit, look at all them creatures" Adam suddenly jumped up and over a speeding Cadillac, which screeched to a halt. "Oh shit, I killed someone!" "Nearly is the word" Ssedrey turned and saw a man with a black shirt, black jeans, black boots and a black cap pulled down to show a shadow on his face. In his hand was a sword and he had a back pack on with two more on the sides, "hey, sorry if I scared ya, but I'm gonna help them people down there" he said pointing to the house, "I'm going there too" said Adam, looking at the Caddie, "nice car". Adam and Ssedrey sped to the house on the way there Adam removed a double shoulder holster and put it on it was two F.A.M. <fully automatic> Uzi's, and a cylindrical object, "what the hell is that?" asked Ssedrey, "plasma staff" replied Adam as he fitted two knifes to his jeans at the waist. "Spread out find the women and kill the men!" shouted a creature with cybernetic limbs and the natural parts were from various creatures, Ssedrey pulled a large gun from the glove compartment, "what's that? Asked Adam fastening a Desert Eagle to his left leg, "your standard issue big gun of course" replied Ssedrey with a smile, Adam fixed a shotgun with no stock or barrel to his right leg and said "whatever floats your boat".

Chapter 17: allies gather here

"I hear a car!" said one of the creatures, "I'll take care of it!" said a creature that was a spider standing on two legs and auto cannons on his shoulders, "OOOOIIIIIIYYYYYAAAAJJJJJIIIII!" the creatures looked the one with the cannons on his back and watched as he fell over with a knife sticking out of his head. "ADAM!!!!!!" screamed Sasami as a large creature picked her up by the pig tails, "Ra-chu!" the creatures arm fell off, and Adam stood there with Sasami in his arms, "death has come back!" said Adam as the creature turned around and fell into little pieces. Ssedrey shot a creature as it leapt for him, the creature exploded splattering the car with little chunks, "whose next?"

"NNNNOOOOOO!" screamed A.complete Bastard, Zan-Ohki sat looking at Ssedrey blowing away the creatures, and "shit" he said under his breath. "You know this stranger don't you Zan-Ohki?" asked Kagato, "yes he has defeated my army many times, he has no disconcernable powers but his gun is powerful, yet he holds it like a twig", Ssedrey was blowing away a group of the creatures on the screen, "at least Adam hasn't called in reinforcements yet".

"Pam contact the list of people I complied earlier" said Adam as he stuck a knife into the head of another one of the creatures, this one had a machinegun on one arm and it opened fire from a spasm in the arm, killing several of the others. Ryoko was blasting away the creatures but they just kept coming, everyone else had no power left to fight, Kiyone's and Mihoshi's guns had no ammo left, "we're done for" said Washu nursing Tenchi who had been attacked by the first of the creatures, "at least the bleedings stopped", "ken-uora!" the creatures in front of Ryoko and the others became mush, "Adam, you came back!" said Ryoko rushing over to him, "how's Tenchi?" "Pretty bad, he was the first to be attacked", Adam handed Washu a potion, "make him drink this, it'll heal him completely, Sasami stay here with the others" "Adam, I'm coming with you" said Minagi and Ryoko at the same time, "no, your both injured and you need to rest, stay here and I'll seal in so that the enemy can't get ya" Adam raised his arms and said something quietly and then left. Ssedrey had blow away a good portion of the creatures away when some grabbed him from behind, "shit!" he said as one of the creatures took his gun, "I wouldn't do that if I was you!" said Adam as the creature pointed the gun at itself, Adam used the force possession and the creature shot itself in the head. Adam then used the force grip on the other creatures, "thanks man" said Ssedrey as he picked up his gun, "no probs" said Adam was he turned and plunged his hand through a creature's chest.

"Damn!!!" said Kagato as the first wave was dispatched, "send the second wave!" he shouted, the second wave was mostly Strogg forces and Zianoids with some creatures of the dark (were-creatures and demons). "Now pay!!!" shouted Kagato as ships sped towards the target. "I think we should gather our forces and take them all on a ship to earth and then we can teleport the creatures on to the planet" said Zan-Ohki, the rest agreed. Soon the entire army was aboard the Souja; the other Kagato's had joined them. "So the plan is to go and help the troops destroy Adam and the others, correct?" asked one of the Kagato's, "Yes, that was the plan. Try to get Adam to use his powers as much as possible as this weakens him" said A.complete Bastard as the other Kagato's strapped on exo-skeletons. "These exo-skeletons are made to increase speed, strength and are armed with long range plasma cannons, they are of my design" said Dr. Machinegal, as one of the Kagato's grabbed an iron bar and tied it in a knot like it was string.

Chapter 18: the reinforcements arrive

A multitude of portals opened, and out stepped a gang of Adam's allies. "Alright! Time for some action!" said Bazz, readying his gun, "Yeah some action at last!" said Naomi Armitage, "what are we waiting for?" asked Sonic, "I think its a false emergency" said Spiderman. "Come on now you be fair on him!" said Jubilee, "I wish it was a false alarm" said Adam from a tree near by, " but the enemies I have from your worlds have came here to destroy me and my new home away from home", "then why isn't there anybody around?" asked Lara Croft, "because I have made a new friend and he helped me kill the scum that was attacking my home away from home" said Adam jumping out of the tree and walking over. "So why did you still summon us?" asked Zell Dincht, "Zell, don't think too hard, OK? As I was saying, our enemy never attacks once he always sends at least two waves" and almost on cue the second wave arrive with an escort of dozens of Kagato's, "aww man! This jerk again!" said Polly Esther unsheathing her sword, "lets get 'em!" shouted Link charging at one of the Kagato's who side stepped and tossed him into a tree. "Hey your Kagato! I'm gonna kill ya!" said Johnny Cage doing a shadow kick to one of the Kagato's who caught him and threw him at Link, "man these guys are tough!" said Mirai activating the Moldiver, "Damn your ugly!" said Duke Nukem using an RPG <rocket propelled grenade launcher, not the other kind! > On one of the Zianoids, "take this!" shouted Chun-li launching a Kikoken <fireball>; "my web should slow ya down," said Spiderman webbing a Zianoids who burst free seconds later.

"Ha! Adam's friends have lost! We shall all be victorious, having our enemies killed in one battle!" said A.complete Bastard, laughing while the force of good was losing the battle, "but Adam is bringing more reinforcements, look" said Kagato pointing at the screen as more portals opened and out steeped more warriors, "shit! Its Xena and Hercules!" cried Mars, as Xena stabbed a Zianoids through the chest and Hercules squashed the heads of two Kagato's that burst. "Shit! He's bringing out Violence Jack!" said A.complete Bastard, as a tall man steeped out of a portal and squished a Zianoids with his bare hands, "he's brought Iron man and War machine into the battle too" said Venom, "that's impossible!" said Pyro as the cast of Dark stalkers walked through individual portals, 'hey that's the kid that becomes Devilman!" said A complete bastard as Akira Fudo walked through a portal, "no! The Guyvers!" said the head of Chronos as the two Guyvers flew over to the battle that was raging.

Zan-Ohki left the command room when he suddenly changed into his human form, Zanakin, "shit! I'm aboard the Souja!" Kagato had watched the transformation take place, "you there! I challenge you to a fight! If you win then you leave here, if not you die!" Kagato leapt at Zanakin who deftly pulled out a standard issue big gun (Tm, see disclaimer) "stop right there! I'll blow you away if ya come closer!" said Zanakin as he walked backward facing Kagato; unaware that A.complete Bastard was behind him. "So little man, what ya gonna do?" said A.complete Bastard as he disarmed Zanakin and sent him flying with one swift motion. "Interesting, he has the ability to become a cabbit, who is evil, yet his human form is good" said Kagato turning away from Zanakin who was strapped down to the table. 'I gotta contact Ssedrey, he can help!' said Zanakin as Kagato turned back holding a large blade, "shit!" yelled Zanakin, trying to break the bonds, "never fear! Adam's here!" suddenly the Kagato split in half and a plasma blade sliced through the bonds with ease, "so your the one, Adam Asskicker?" "I'm Adam Asskicker, not THE Adam Asskicker," said Adam helping Zanakin up off the table, "Washu wants to see ya" he said opening a portal and handing Zanakin a watch.

Chapter 19: the return of the Asskicker

"Is this the guy?" asked Adam as he walked through the portal, "yes, finally!" said Washu glaring at Adam, "yo, the Z-man is back" said Djchan, a guitar punk, while messing with the axe guitar on his back. "So we meet again Zanakin" said Vincent, who also has an evil cabbit alter ego, "hi there" said Ssedrey, "yes, its looks like the gangs all here" "I'm gonna write this up, OK?" said Adam as he left the sub-space lab, along the way he came across Minagi writing a letter, "what ya writing?" asked Adam trying to see, "none of your business, or as you say, mind your own bees wax" "fine!" and Adam walked out, he then started to pull faces through the window at Minagi.

"This Adam, is he a god?" asked Zanakin, "it seems so" said Ssedrey, "I mean he has all these powers, he has un-naturally good aim, speed and other things", "so if he's a god, then why is he here?" asked Djchan, "first off, he isn't a god, secondly he has got amazing powers, thirdly he's here because he is" said Washu frustrated that the people in front of her kept talking about Adam. "He's endowed like a god" said Ryoko as she walked into the room, "Washu its time for lunch, you guy's are invited to lunch too", "good, I was getting hungry. Its hard work shooting my load" said Ssedrey; this got a few sniggers.

Meanwhile, "damn him! How did he get aboard?" said Dr. Machinegal, "magic" was all A.complete Bastard said, "well I think that we should send our little friend out to do his job" said Jackanory grinning. Down in the bowels of the ship, there was a Zianoids creation tank and floating about in it was a snake/man hybrid that was floating about in a tank of the chemicals to turn it into a Zianoid and the latest strain of the T-virus, the J-virus. The creature also had a cybernetic left arm, on which was mounted an ETF rifle <play quake 2-mission pack ground Zero for details>. "I have recruited a new friend for Adam, his name is C32411. He is a cyborg from an alternative world to this one, he is an assassin and will serve our needs" said A.complete Bastard as a cyborg entered the room, "I am the one known as C32411" the assassin sat in the seat that one of the Kagato's had sat in. "so what's the target?" asked C32411 tapping the titanium barrel of his plasma rifle, "this is your target and you are free to kill anybody around them, in fact kill everyone" said M.Bison as pictures of Adam flashed on the screen.


"I have a plan that will let you all return to your home worlds and still help me" said Adam as everyone was eating lunch, "how will you achieve such a feat?" asked Jill Valentine, playing with her beretta, "I shall use a spell to clone you all, that way you can get back to your own worlds and help me at the same time." said Adam as he cleaned his knife on his jeans. "Also it prevents you from dying, as I wouldn't want that now would I?" "You always cover your back don't you?" asked Washu, "yep, mine and everyone else's. This won't work on people from this world, so it means that Ssedrey, Zanakin, Djchan and Vincent will die, as well as the residence of the Masaki house" "great" said Ryoko.

Chapter 20: the final hour

I think that we should have an all out assault" said Dr.Machinegal, "well I have a friend who'll want in on that" said C32411 just as a portal opened behind him, out stepped a tall man wearing a long black cloak and was carrying a large staff. "I am TRON," said the man, "I want to join in your attack. My price is the one known as Washu and I want her alive." "Deal" said A.complete Bastard "welcome to the team". "Sir, the unit in the tanks is ready for battle," said Shawn Hutchinson as a huge creature lumbered over to him, it then ripped his head off. "Damn, he was a good scientist as well. Its a good job I cloned you all isn't it" said A.complete Bastard, "Jackanory, can you control this creature?" asked A.complete Bastard, "no" was the reply. "We'll send him down then, Apocalypse you will also leave and take Venom and Carnage with you", the rest of the enemies smiled.

"There, I finished the cloning," said Adam as Lilith left, "good I can plan the attack". He didn't have a second to do anything before the creature teleported behind him. "Kill!" said the creature grabbing Adam and tossing him in to the lake and then diving in after him, "what the hells going on?" asked the cloned Duke stepping outside and getting shot with the ETF rifle. "Oh god! The attack has started!" said the cloned Jubilee as the creature rose out of the water, with Adam in its mouth, "lets get him!" and all the clones ran out and were all cut down within seconds. "My clone sure is taking a lot of damage isn't he?" said Adam making the others jump, "I had better put on my red shirt" "why?" that way if I get injured then the blood won't show and do you know how hard it is to clean out blood?" "I'm over whelmed by your confidence," said Washu, "I have low esteem because someone won't believe in me, not mentioning any names Washu". The clone died with an agonising scream and faded away, "damn the clones dead, I'd better kill the creature myself" and Adam teleported to the creature and ripped its head off. "There I killed it!" said Adam triumphantly, the creature then rose to its feet and it split in half to reveal another creature, this one then mutated into a more horrid creature, "oh crap!" was all Adam said before the creature threw him across the lake and into a tree. "I smell flesh!" roared the creature as it walked towards the house. Adam was just getting up from being thrown in to a tree, "Ow, it had to be a hard wood!" Adam saw the creature walking to the house, "I'm gonna get ya!" and with that he was gone.

"All is going to plan" said A.complete Bastard as the creature walked up to the house and ripped off the door on the viewing screen, "I wonder if Adam is dead?" said Jackanory, and as if on cue Adam appeared behind the creature.

"You DARE to throw me! Have at you!" Adam pulled the creature so hard it span round to face him. "Flesh!!!" said the creature before he bit Adam with lighting speed, "Man there goes my arm" said Adam calmly as the creature ripped his left arm off, "oh well, there's no arm in it", Adam then let loose a flurry of punches, when suddenly the creature grabbed his other arm, "eat this!" said Adam thrusting his arm into the creatures mouth and out the other side. "I will not die!" screamed the creature, as he bit down on the arm sticking out of the back of his head, Adam yelled in agony as his arm was severed off at the elbow. "I will kill you!" shouted Adam as he wrenched what was arm free of the creature, Adam then said an incantation, and the creature exploded, showering him with little chunks. The creature then reassembled itself, 'Oh man, will it ever end?' thought Adam, as the creature stood up and chomped down on his shoulder.

"I've had enough of this" said Ssedrey picking up his gun, "me too" said Zanakin getting up, "but you guys, if Adam can't kill it then what will you do?" asked Minagi, but it was too late they was gone. "They'll be of some help" said Vincent sipping some tea, "If not then I'll help....", Ssedrey was blowing chunks out of the creature while Zanakin was blasting it from the side, the creature had thrown Adam to the floor like a rag doll, "You will pay of disturbing my meal!" said the creature ambling towards Ssedrey, not noticing that Adam was raising to his feet. "Take this you son of a...." Zanakin couldn't finish his sentence because the creature hit him with an energy blast; "he will be next," it said as he advanced upon Ssedrey, who was paralysed with fear. Thunder rumbled, and a storm started to brew, which was strange because it was a clear day, "you will die, Death has come for your soul!" the creature turned and saw what looked like Adam, but it was wearing a long black cloak and was carrying a sickle, "I shall send you to the river Styx, where the boat man will ferry you to be judged" said the thing, "I smell dead flesh, I will eat death" said the creature as it rushed at the thing.

Chapter 21: the time has come....

"I've never seen anything like it" said Jackanory as the creature got within 5 foot and was just erased, "Apocalypse, you and the others will attack now!" said A.complete Bastard, "the rest of you will assist, as will I. the victory is with in our grasp".

"Man, that was the most strangest thing I ever seen" said Ssedrey, as he walked over to the thing, "stop!" said Vincent as he walked out of the house, "that is no longer Adam", "how do you know this?" asked Zanakin. "I sense great evil" "what do you mean Sasami?" asked Ayeka, "I mean that Adam isn't Adam," Sasami walked towards the thing, and as she did she was engulfed in a bright white light, "I am Sasami, who are you and what have you done with our friend?" "Your friend has died I inhabit this body now!" said an evil voice. Just then A.complete bastard arrived, "its time to avenge the death of Kagato, and have some fun of our own", A.complete Bastard flashed a grin that made the women's flesh creep. "I thought that Dracula couldn't come out in the day" said Tenchi, "the sunlight only weakens me, it kills lesser vampires" "O..K then" said Ssedrey nervously, "Death will take your evil souls," said the creature as it passed Sasami and headed straight for the assembled evils. "Death is my ally, why would he want my soul? Anyway I don't have one!" said Dracula as he used a spirit orb on the creature, the attack passes through, and demolished a tree, and "your puny attacks can't harm me for I am the one who collects souls, I am INVICIBLE!" Dracula was then lifted clean off the ground and was impaled on the splintered tree.

I had better not screw up, or I'm dead" thought C32411 as he aimed his plasma cannon at the creature, "CCI, WView on", his vision changed into a wire frame view, "CCI, lock on to potential weakspots" 'CCI error, no weakspots could be found', 'Damn' thought the cyborg, "nothing is invincible. Try again" he said as the CCI ran another scan. 'Cannot find any possible weak points' replied the CCI; "damn piece of junk" he snarled, 'command not understood' responded the CCI.



Chapter 22: retribution!

"Its time that you all paid for the crimes against all life that you have committed!" said the thing as it moved towards the enemy, "stay right there!" said Jackanory as he changed in to his Zianoid form, "I'm warning you!" the thing kept advancing until it was almost passing through the Zianoid, "you are about to die, repent for your sins while you have time!" "Go to hell!" "It is you that will go to hell" and with that the thing that was once Adam gripped the Zianoid by the throat and crushed it. "Oh man, this can't be good...." said Ryoko as the thing advanced upon Carnage, when suddenly Vincent grabbed his head and he underwent a transformation in to a Cabbit, "I am Vin-Ohki! I will destroy you all!" and with that the cabbit jumped up and changed into its spaceship form.

"Holy mother of god! We're done for!" cried Djchan as the spaceship turned to face them, or they though it was facing them, a ball of energy formed at the base of the ship, when suddenly there was the sound of a ship behind them, they turned and saw the Royal battleship, 'The Ocarina of time', "I thought that you might need a little help" boomed Azusa's voice. Seconds before the blast impacted, they were teleported onto the ship, "where's Kiyone and Mihoshi?" asked Tenchi, "they've gone to get the GP for assistance" replied Yosho, "what about Adam?" asked Sasami "where is he?", on the screen of the blast site, what was once Adam walked out of the smoke, and he was facing A.complete Bastard who had also survived the blast. "Attack that ship!" ordered Azusa, "father! No!" Ayeka yelled, "why? He almost killed you all" "he's a friend" "don't open fire unless he does" "thank you father" said Ayeka.

"This shot will make it or break it. Here goes!" said C32411 as he pulled the trigger, the shot flew through the air and impacted in to side of the head of Adam, turned to the direction of the shot and suddenly C32411's body was racked with pain, 'CCI memory error.... Memory err.... Memory er.... Memory....', C32411 blacked out.

"What the hell was that!" said Zanakin as parts of Adam's skull flew out of the side of his head; "I hope he'll survive," said Sasami as the body collapsed on the floor. "Don't you see that I have won!" shouted A.complete Bastard when suddenly a poked through his chest, it then withdrew, he turned to see a little boy with blonde hair and bright blue eyes holding a light sword like the blade of Tenchiken, the child spoke 4 short words: "Evil will never win" and the child disappeared. "How is it possible that I have been defeated? I am the essence of evil! I AM INVINCIBLE!" A.complete Bastard then exploded. "Man, that was strange, who was that kid?" asked Tenchi, "Adam" replied Ryoko as she looked at the body lying on the floor, "he used all his power to save us... at the cost of his own life", "Nobody said that you were safe yet" said a voice, "I am the one known as Tron, I will do you a deal. You give me Washu and you all live happily ever after, and I'll even bring back your dead friend too. If you don't, then you will all be my slaves" said A tall man a wearing long black cloak and carrying a large staff. "How can you bring him back to life? He had half of his head blown out!" said Djchan looking at the man with disgust and taking the Axe guitar off his back, "I shall resurrect him with a spell" "that's a load of crap, only his magic works on him!" said Minagi as she summoned a beam sword as did Ryoko. Tenchi summoned his Jurian battle suit and the others readied their weapons. "Have it your way then", Djchan struck a rift on his guitar creating a soundwave that raced forward but was absorbed by Tron, Ryoko and Minagi both flung their light swords at him, these too were absorbed, he then gripped Tenchi by the forehead and started to drain his power, his Jurian armour changed into his normal clothes. "AAAHHHH! Such power!" said Tron as he tossed Tenchi to the floor, he impacted like a sack of potatoes, "take this" said Washu as she tossed a gravity ball at Tron who caught it and crushed it, "sorry about your little toy" he said as he grabbed Washu, "let her go!" shouted Azusa as he stepped forward, "sorry but I always get what I want!" and with that he impaled the Jurian emperor with a black crystal blade. "Time for me to leave!" and with that Tron teleported away, "father, speak to me!" cried Ayeka as her father bled in her arms, "fear not Ayeka, he is with me. He will return soon, but I will not" "that voice..." "Ayeka, get some rest. We all should too" said lady Funaho as they all left for their quarters.

Chapter 23: the return

"That was strange. I wonder what caused it? CCI status" no response, "CCI status" 'Cybernetic Computer Implant online, status normal' replied the CCI, "finally!" 'Command not understood!' "Status from ten minutes ago" 'cannot comply, no data' "damn, it was wiped! Target location" 'target has been processed, awaiting further instructions' "fluke" he whispered, he got to his feet and looked over the battle field, there was a big hole with little pieces of bodies scattered everywhere. His eyes stopped on Adam, "got him, that was some fluke then", C32411 looked around, "Man, where's everyone?" Suddenly he found himself aboard Vin-Ohki who was now drifting in orbit, "I am Tron, welcome to my new ship" "I'm C32411, What happened?" Tron replayed, "the good side is aboard that battleship (gesturing to the screen) I have a job for you...."

"Man, our weapons and attacks are no use. How will we beat him?" "We're gonna have to do this without Washu's amazing plans and Adam's powers. Its gonna be hard but we can pull it off" "Tenchi, I'm amazed that you can see us succeeding but I think I speak for all of us, We can't win", the others muttered an agreement. "I'm ashamed at you all! How do you think that Adam feels, looking down at us, seeing that we're a bunch of losers!" "He's right! Apart from the losers part, what would Adam think about us, we're all moping about doing diddly. He's taking care of Azusa, while we're sitting twiddling our thumbs! We should avenge his death!" said Ryoko, knocking her chair over as she stood up, "we should be planning an attack, not 'Adam this', 'we can't that', lets concentrate on what we can do, not what we can't!". "I think that we should bring aboard Adam's body and give him a ceremony" said Misaki, "after all he has saved you all before and has protected you all. It would be the decent thing to do" "I agree" said Yosho. Later, after an hour searching they couldn't find Adam's body, "that's strange, he should be lying right here!" said Minagi, "I know, maybe he..." started Zanakin, no sure where he wanted to take it, "don't be stupid man, we watched half of his head get blown out. So how the hell can he get up and walk away?" "Anything's possible for him" said Tenchi, injecting a fraction of humour, but failing miserably, "I will help you get your friend back, and rid this world of the evil that has come to inhabit it" the party turned around to find a young man with mousy-brown hair, dark blue eye's, medium build and was quite tall. "Who are you?" asked Djchan readying his weapon, "no need for you to ready your weapons, I will aide you, not fight you" he spoke with an accent that was not English, nor American but a mixture of different accents. "Where are you from?" asked Ssedrey, "Birmingham, England" came the reply, "hadn't we better get and save little Washu?". "Wait a minute! Why should we believe that this little... squirt help us. And how did you know that it was Washu who needs saving?" asked Ryoko, "because I do, now do you want help or not?" said the young man walking over to the royal battleship. "So you just turn up and hope that we'll allow you to get Washu back? Who the hell do you think you are!" said Ssedrey as he sat in the strategy room, "all I said was to get me aboard and I'll do the rest" said the young man, "I wish to know who are you?" asked Funaho, "I'm sorry, but I can't give you my name. As it'll spoil the surprise" he replied. 

"So the plan is to get aboard the ship and to assassinate the crew. What about that Adam guy?" "He was killed" "but I ran a scan and his body was gone", Tron raised an eyebrow, "gone? That's impossible, he had half of the contents of his skull spread on the floor" "I heard that you can still function with half a brain, and doesn't he have some major powers?" "But that thing, it said that he was dead and you killed that thing" "I don't know. I have a bad feeling about his" C32411 shifted in his seat.

To be continued...

If you want to find out more then you'll have to E-mail me for the end!

Email me at asskicker@richmond17.freeserve.co.uk


the following characters are from the following programs/comics/Animes/games:

Moldiver						Hitosthi, Miriai, Moldiver, 									Dr.Machinegal
Mortal Combat					Sho Khan, Johnny Cage
Drakuun						Bazz, Karula, Dard, Kurgh
Guyver bio-booster armour			Sho, Agito, Zianoids, 										Guyvers
X-men							Apocalypse, Jubilee
Violence Jack					Violence Jack
Devilman						Akira Fudo
Resident evil					Jill valentine, Umbrella
Castlevania						Dracula
Xena/Hercules					Xena, Hercules, Mars
Quake 2						Strogg
Darkstalkers					Lilith, Pyro
Samurai pizza cats				Polly Esther
Star wars						Jedi's
Zelda							link, Ocarina of time
Street fighter					M.Bison, Chun-li
Spiderman						Spiderman, Carnage, Venom
Armitage III					Rene dan-claude, Naomi 										Armitage
Sonic the hedgehog/Sonic underground	Sonic, Sonja, Manic, Sally, 									Bunny, Tails
Pretty Sammy					Ramia
Tenchi Muyo!					You should know!
