Tenchi-Muyo (OAV): Tenchi's Cousin

(japanese note: 'Itoko no Tenchi')

	This Fan Fiction is written in Pioneer's Tenchi Muyo OAV universe. All
characters, cabbits, starships, etc. are property of their creators:
please don't sue! I have no money anyway! 

	A few notes before I begin: 
	-I have borrowed several concepts here: so credits where credits is
due!
		-from the Tenchi TV series and several Tenchi 'fics, the idea that
Juraians and Juraian partbreeds have long lifespans and generally don't
get seriously ill.
		-from the fanfic Dance of Shiva (Found on the Fan Fiction page at
http://www.anipike.com), the idea that Yousho had several daughters:
Achika, who became Tenchi's mother and died of indeterminate causes
before the OAV's; Meylia, who married a Richard Stingray and is
estranged from the main Masaki family; and new for my 'fic, Kaori, who
is the mother of my main character, Kenji Masaki.
		-from the TV series and the fanfic Surprises All Around, that those
posessing Jurai blood can make use of similar abilities to those of
Yousho and Juraian Kagato in the last volume of that
series.('Hadoken'ish energy blasts, forcefields, etc.)
	-this 'fic is written after OAV #13 but before the movie Manatsu No Eve
/ Daughter of Darkness. I'm assuming there are a couple of years of
unused history in there (it was several years between the OAV's and
movie) that I'm making use of. I am _not_ using the TV series'
plotlines. 	Also, I am writing this in theatrical format, so here are
some guidelines.

	TENCHI : bold, underlined text means that this person is speaking. This
is modified in one of several ways:
	(O.S.) Off Screen. The character is speaking aloud, but is not visible
to the reader/viewer at the time.
	(V.O.) Voice Over. Used mostly for thought or the occasional inaudible
communication (telepathy, magical message, etc.), this means that the
comments are heard by the reader/viewer but not spoken.
	(Narr) Narration. This is usually a line from the speaker at some point
in the plot after the discussed events are over.
	STUNNED (etc.) Bold text, usually placed just below the 'speaker name'
and immediately before the affected text, tells how the speaker sounds
when he says the next lines. This remains in force until either the
character stops speaking (i.e. someone else has their lines) or a second
bold 'direction' modifies it. Bold text appearing in the middle of lines
can also be actions taken by the speaker during or between his lines.
	Text that is not preceded by a character name is descriptive: telling
of the setting, actions of characters, etc.

	Here's an example:

		RYOKO
	Hah! It's mine! I have the last dumpling!

		AYEKA (O.S.)
	ANGRY Ryoko! Give that back, you vulgar monster
	woman!

AYEKA runs on screen, which pans back from RYOKO to show the front yard
of the Masaki household. TENCHI is on the front porch, looking out with
a despairing expression at the two women.

		TENCHI (V.O.)
	I wonder if having another boy my age around here would help at
all.SHAKES HEAD Probably not - Ryoko and Ayeka are enemies anyway, and
they, Sasami, and Mihoshi all have crushes on me. SIGHS Can life get
much wierder?

		YOUSHO (Narr)
	If I had been near my grandson and heard him say that, I would have
reminded him that Providence tends to answer such questions when they
are asked. BEAT For another member of my bloodline on Earth was about to
make his presence felt. We were soon to welcome...

The POV retreats skyward as various detonations echo in the Masaki yard.
A bus is just pulling up to the stop nearest the road to the house, and
a YOUNG MAN gets out carrying a bag. More detail cannot be seen: the POV
is too high. Words flash across the screen:

"TENCHI'S COUSIN"

	Cut to a scene in the woods near the Masaki shrine. SASAMI is wandering
through the trees towards a clearing. A THUG in ripped clothes and with
a chain wrapped around his chest steps out from behind the bushes.
SASAMI shrieks.

		THUG
	SMUGLY Now I got a meal ticket! Anyone ownin' this much land has gotta
be loaded, so I'll jus' take you an' trade you for some money.

	The THUG advances on SASAMI, who backs into a tree. As we get a clearer
view of the THUG, it is obvious that he is a *huge* negro and has a
distinctive mohawk (Either bearing a resemblance to or actually being
BIRDIE from Street Fighter Alpha II.) BIRDIE suddenly leaps forward, and
SASAMI frantically scrambles out of the way.

		SASAMI
	SCREAMS HELP! TENCHI! RYOKO! AYEKA!

		BIRDIE
	CHUCKLES Ah don't think so. They ain't gonna hear ya from here, girl.

	Unknown to BIRDIE, RYO-OHKI (in cabbit form) has seen this exchange
from where she was hiding, following SASAMI.She runs for the Masaki
house, broadcasting her distress over her link to RYOKO and WASHU.

		YOUNG MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
	ANGRY But someone *else* might.

	BIRDIE spins around. SASAMI also looks at the newcomer, and the POV
shifts to her view as it pans around to reveal the YOUNG MAN standing
off to the left of BIRDIE at the edge of the clearing. BIRDIE whips his
chain off his waist and swings it, intending to knock out this nuisance.
Ducking under the swing, the YOUNG MAN races to SASAMI and scoops her
up, jogging toward the road.

		YOUNG MAN
	Do you live at the house up there? POINTS UP 
THE HILL

		SASAMI
	Y-yes.

		YOUNG MAN
	Good. You run up there and get the people to call the police, OK?

	He sets SASAMI down at the side of the road and turns to face the woods
where BIRDIE is making a lot of noise pressing through the brush. SASAMI
gives the YOUNG MAN a look as she backs away.

		SASAMI
	Why are you helping me?

		YOUNG MAN
	KEEPS LOOKING AT WOODS Because if you live up there, you either are my
family or you're a friend of my family. I used to play here, when I was
younger, with my cousin Tenchi. 
TURNS HEAD, GRINS AT SASAMI My name's Kenji, by the way. Kenji Masaki.

	BIRDIE finally bulls his way out of the woods at that point, and SASAMI
bolts for the house. KENJI cracks his knuckles and takes up a Wu Shu
stance (like Chun Li.)

		KENJI
	All-right-let's-fight!

	Cut to an overview of the Masaki residence, as SASAMI runs to TENCHI,
RYOKO, and AYEKA, and babbles and waves her hands a lot. RYOKO gets the
gist quickly and morphs into her fighting gear, visibly furious. Seconds
later, AYEKA does likewise while TENCHI pulls out the Tenchi-ken. The
three friends charge down the hill, but just as they're about to turn
the last corner, a HUGE flash of light erupts and BIRDIE comes flying
over the trees. He SLAMS into the ground right in front of the three.

		RYOKO
	SURPRISED Huh, guess he didn't need our help after all. If anyone needs
me, I'll be sunbathing on the back roof like usual.

	RYOKO teleports away, and AYEKA does a quick doubletake before
returning her Jurai Battle Armour to its ring form. TENCHI pockets the
Tenchi-ken and bends over to study a large scorch mark on BIRDIE's
chest. He's just straightening up when KENJI comes running around the
bend, skidding to a halt in a ready stance.

		KENJI
	ANGRY All right, still want some more?! SEES SCENE, SHEEPISH Oops,
guess not. TRYING TO BE CHEERY, FORCED LAUGH Tenchi-kun!

		TENCHI
	STUNNED Cousin Kenji!?!


	Some time later, the entire Tenchi crew is assembled in the living
room, listening to KENJI's story. Ryoko is notably absent, as no one
bothered to get her down from the roof.

		YOUSHO
	I see. I had heard of the accident that took the lives of my daughter
and her husband, but I had not heard news of you. I assumed you had
found a good foster home.

		KENJI
	No. I couldn't take it at the orphanage, ever since I figured out I was
different.

		AYEKA
	SUDDEN INTEREST Different in what way, 
Kenji-sama?

		KENJI
	UNCOMFORTABLE I _really_ wish you wouldn't use '-sama' with me - I'm no
noble, by blood or attitude. SHAKES HEAD Anyway, well... you saw the end
of the fight, right?

		TENCHI
	Not exactly. We were just coming around the trees when there was this
big flash of light and the thug came flying over with this scorch mark
on his chest.

		KENJI
	Oh. Well...

	(A flashback ensues as KENJI describes the fight. BIRDIE gets in a
headbutt and a two-fisted punch, but KENJI counters with a rapid series
of kicks to vital spots - Those familiar with Street Fighter II will
recognize the Lightning Kick of Chun Li. BIRDIE roars in rage and whips
his chain across, snagging KENJI by the wrist and whipping him into the
ground several times. BIRDIE then leans over the still form of KENJI and
says something that we can't hear. Up till now the flashback has been
silent. Sound erupts as KENJI, still on his back, whips his hands back
into a cupped position by his right hip and whips them forward to just
below BIRDIE's chest.)
		KENJI (flashback)
	HAAWWWWW.... **KIKOSHO!!**
	(In time with this cry, a five-foot sphere of blue energy [the same
shade as the Tenchiken's blade] erupts from KENJI's hands and blows
BIRDIE over the trees. KENJI rolls to his feet and kicks into a run
after his foe...)

		KENJI
	...and that's where you came in. Anyhow, back at the orphanage I made
my hand glow when I got really mad. The other kids noticed, and they
called me a freak and never had anything nice to say, especially after I
hit one of them while I was glowing and nearly broke his arm.I'd heard
rumours of the underground fight circuit, so I ran away at fourteen and
made money off of fights. I got badly trashed by a lady who I will
remember fondly for the rest of my days: a chinese Wu Shu master called
Chun Li. She sort of took me under her wing and trained me. She says I
can call forth the power of my 'chi' - battle spirit, I guess you could
call it - better than any one else she knows. She taught me that move
you saw - the Kikosho. I made a fair amount of cash, but when I parted
ways with Chun-sensei, I needed... family. So I came back to the shrine,
hoping to rent a room for a while or something. TO YOUSHO Grandfather
Katsuhito, is it OK? Can I stay here for a while? I'll pay for my room
and board, and I'll work around the house, but I really _need_ to be
with family for a while. Please?

		YOUSHO
	IN 'OLD GRAMPS' VOICE All right, very well. I think it's a splendid
idea! How about you, son?

		NOBIYUKI
	I agree. You can set up in the attic rooms, since all the other rooms
are taken at the moment.

		KENJI
	WRYLY I noticed. You'll have to introduce me. 
EVERYONE FIDGETS, KENJI LOOKS AT RAFTERS Oh, which of the guests sleeps
in the roof nook? After jump training with Chun Li, *I* could get up
there, but... TRAILS OFF, STARING AT STAIRS

	(All others in the room spin to look at the stairs, where RYOKO is
walking - normally - down to the main floor.)

		RYOKO
	PUZZLED What? I'm being norm.. careful! So who's our new guest? He
looks kinda familiar...

		KENJI
	PALE, SHOCKED G..Ghosty Lady!!