The stars glistened in the night sky over the Misaki house and shrine.  The calm 
peaceful night was just right for innocent dreams to run through the heads of 
the sleeping members of the Misaki family and their guests.  And on this night 
some dreams were going to reveal a lot to certain members of the Misaki 
household.

For instance if one were to look in on the dreams of Nobuyuki Misaki they would 
see that he was once again dreaming in happy little montages.  In his dreams he 
was judging a beauty contest, being an Arab sheik surrounded by a horde of 
girls, and reliving the night he asked Achieka to marry him.  And if that same 
person were to then focus on Ryoko they would find her snoozing happily with 
dreams of being with Tenchi running through her head.  Moving from the rafters 
to the hall closet lab Washu was having a dream where everyone she knew was 
replacing characters from a movie she had seen.  The interplanetary and 
international satellite dish Washu had set up picked up a showing of "Indiana 
Jones and the Last Crusade" on the Superstation from Atlanta and now in her 
dream Washu was Professor Indiana Jones.

Going from the front hall closet we begin focussing on the younger members of 
the Misaki home.  In the room shared by Ayeaka and Sasami we see smiles on the 
faces of the five individuals sleeping on the floor.  Ryo-Ohki was having a 
dream where she was sitting in front of a mountain of carrots gleefully eating 
them one by one.  Next to her Artimes was having a dream that seemed to fill in 
a few missing parts of his memory where he and Luna were sitting in the lap of a 
gentle elegant queen.  Sasami was dreaming about her and Ryo-Ohki in humanoid 
form laughing and giggling as they rode on a merry-go-round.  Ayeaka was 
dreaming about her and Tenchi while Minako was having another dream about 
Motoki.

Jumping from the girls' room to the shrine one would find Yosho having pleasant 
dreams of his own.  Yosho was having a what if dream about his daughter Achieka 
where she never died.  In the guestroom of the modest little house Ami and Rei 
dreamed the night away too.  Ami was dreaming about her father before he and her 
mother divorced.  Rei was dreaming she was a famous singer songwriter having a 
big concert in Tokyo.

Back in the Misaki house in Usagi's room Makoto was dreaming about a guy she 
liked from school.  Mihoshi was having a dream where she was running the Galaxy 
Police.  Luna was just having a dream similar to the one Artimes was having.  
Jumping over to Tenchi's room Tenchi was dreaming one of those odd funny dreams 
where everyone was circus performer and Ryoko was clown.  But it was Mamoru's 
dream as well as Usagi's that would bring about some revelations.

********

Mamoru's dream began the way it always did.  He was dressed in his Prince 
Endymoin attire standing in the garden of the mystery castle.  Up in the balcony 
he could see the shadowy figure of the unknown princess.  As Mamoru tried to get 
a glimpse of who she might be the princess called out to him.

"Please you must set me free." She begged him.

Mamoru always needed more information from her and asked the same question he 
always did.
"Princess how can I set you free?" he needed to know.

The response she gave him was the same one she always gave him and he could 
recite it word for word before she even gave it.

"Find the Silver Crystal and I will be free once more." She said.

Normally at this point in the dream Mamoru would question her about the Silver 
Crystal but before he could do so Mamoru felt a hand upon his shoulder.  Turning 
around he saw Usagi standing before him in an outfit that showed off every curve 
on her body.  Usagi had on a cropped pink sleeveless Chinese shirt and a 
matching hip hugging skirt with matching riding boots.  Mamoru stared at Usagi 
speechless.

"Part of you wants to be with her doesn't it.  And yet part of you wants what 
you can see before you.  There is a way to have both you know." Usagi said.

Mamoru was intrigued by what Usagi had to say.

"How can I have both of you?" Mamoru asked her.

"Form the Silver Crystal and the two shall become one." Usagi replied.

"But if I do that I'll loose you." Mamoru said with concern.

Usagi smiled at Mamoru and ran a finger along his jaw line bringing it up to his 
lips.

"You will not loose me my dear Mamo-chan.  With the Silver Crystal I'll be 
stronger." Usagi said.

Mamoru smiled at Usagi and kissed her delicate finger before removing it from 
his lips.  Then he pulled Usagi closer to him and kissed her on the lips.

********

Usagi's dream was unlike any other dream she had.  In it she was standing in a 
garden that was below a large marble balcony.  Usagi had on a delicate pink silk 
dress that ended just above the knee with matching slippers.  Looking up to the 
balcony Usagi saw herself from her princess dream dressed in an elaborate white 
gown.  The Dream Princess Usagi appeared to be much more delicate than regular 
Usagi.  Usagi could tell she hadn't done any strenuous physical activity a 
single day in her life because her arms were skinny spindles.  After a few 
moments of silence the dream version of Usagi spoke.

"Usagi Misaki you love Mamoru Chiba don't you?" she said.

Usagi blushed a bit and smiled.

"Well I do feel something for him.  But I've only known him for a couple of 
days." Usagi answered herself.

"Ah yet it felt right when he held you in his arms." Dream Usagi commented.

Usagi sighed dreamily and the smile grew on her face.

"That and I think the fact that we kissed had something to do with it." Usagi 
said.

The Dream Usagi smiled at her modern persona.  She knew what those lips felt 
like.

"But you see Usagi your lips have kissed his a thousand times over and he yours.  
It was only natural for you two to kiss." Dream Usagi began, "You and I are one 
in the same like Sasami and Tsunami.  One day you will have all my memories but 
for that to happen we must take the first step."

"What do we have to do to take the first step?" Usagi wondered.

"To become one the Silver Crystal must be formed.  Then I will become you."

"So then I'll look like you?"

"Actually Usagi it has been decided a long time ago that I be the one to give up 
my physical form and let my knowledge and memories become one with yours.  You 
have the stronger physical form."

Usagi thought about what the Dream Usagi had told her and smiled.  She had to 
admit to herself that thirteen years of running up the shrine steps and doing 
martial arts had made her physically stronger but it also made her stronger 
mentally as well.

"Okay then we get that Silver Crystal of yours." Usagi said.

********

Tenchi and Usagi Muyo
Episode Five: Moon Princess Revealed Part One

********

Rei sat in front of the fire in the early morning light.  The small fire made of 
fallen branches and twigs couldn't compare to the sacred fire back at Hikawa but 
it would do just fine.  Rei's grandfather had taught her any fire could be used 
for meditation.  On this morning Rei needed to figure out a few things 
concerning recent events and the fire was the perfect way to do that.

As Rei concentrated on the flames in front of her she saw the flames dance as 
she became one with them.  The flames seemed to grow in size with each passing 
moment.  When the flames were at their highest height something broke Rei's 
concentration.  Rei heard the sound of someone talking.

"It had to have been the strangest dream I've ever had.  I don't know if that 
dream was actually telling me something or just the result of recent events but 
I want to see if it's true." The voice said.
Rei was curious as to who would be up this early in the morning and followed the 
sound of the voice to its source after properly dousing the fire.  Upon reaching 
the voice Rei saw Usagi kneeling in front of a grave marker under a beautiful 
Japanese maple tree.  Standing a few feet back Rei watched the scene unfold 
before her.

"I just wish there was someone I could turn to who can give me the answers I'm 
looking for.  I'll see you again tomorrow mom.  I love you with all my heart." 
Usagi said before kissing her fingers and placing them on the kanji for her 
mother's name.

Usagi stood up and turned to head back down the shrine steps coming face to face 
with Rei.  Usagi was a bit startled when she saw the young priestess standing 
before her.

"Rei um how long have you been standing there?" Usagi asked a bit nervously.

"Not too long.  I was meditating over by the cave when I heard you.  So this is 
your mom's grave?" Rei replied trying to be civil with her hostess.

"Yeah my ojiisan thought she should be buried alongside her okasan under their 
favorite place.  He told me once when my mom was little that she and my obasan 
would sit under this tree and read stories together something I never had 
growing up." Usagi said.

Rei's sixth sense was telling her there was something different about Usagi once 
again.  Ever since they had met a few days prior Rei had a strange feeling Usagi 
was unlike any person she had ever met.  It was different from the feeling she 
got when Minako and Ami first came to the Hikawa-jin temple and it had her both 
wary and curious at the same time.

"So do you talk to your mother every day?" Rei asked her.

"Uh huh it helps me feel close to her.  I started doing it when I began first 
grade.  Back then I'd just fill her in on everything that happened between 
visits to the shrine.  I only started doing this daily when the house got 
transferred here six months ago." Usagi explained.

Rei could understand Usagi's need to talk about the things going on in her life 
with the spirit of her mother.  It was the same reason Rei meditated in front of 
the sacred fire each day.  She needed to talk to someone about her life as a 
Senshi and the fire was great at keeping secrets.

"I usually meditate in front of a fire each day." Rei told her.

"You talk to a fire?  Does it talk back?" Usagi asked a bit curious.

"Sometimes it does.  Fire is a big part of my beliefs.  Our temple is dedicated 
to the fire god Hikawa.  It also goes hand in hand with being Sailor Mars."

"My family prays to Tsunami goddess of Jurai and mother of all spaceship trees.  
Trees are a big part of the Jurian culture according to Ayeaka.  And since 
Tsunami gave me her gift I've been able to talk to Funahu without the master 
key."

"Your great grandmother?"

"No my ojiisan's spaceship tree Funahu.  I'll show you."

With that Usagi led Rei down the shrine steps to meet Funahu sitting in the 
middle of the lake.

********

Tokimi wasn't pleased with the recent turn of events.  The demons D3 had sent to 
Okayama were destroyed by an unknown group of girls who wore outfits similar to 
the one Yosho's granddaughter sometimes wore.  And to top it all off Tokimi was 
detecting a strange energy source coming from the Misaki shrine.  This energy 
rivaled that of the three gems and Tokimi wanted to make it her own.

Tokimi was once again holding council with her right hand man D3.  The 
discussion focused on the need to get the gems and their prior attempts to do 
so.

"Twice we have tried to get Washu's gems and twice we have failed.  Now I'm 
detecting something just as powerful coming from the Misaki shrine.  If I am to 
gain ultimate power then I must have both the gems and the source of this new 
energy." Tokimi said.

"How will we go about getting them?" D3 wondered.

If Tokimi showed any emotion she would have shivered when thoughts of Dr. Clay 
entered her mind.  But since she remained emotionless it was hard to tell the 
arrogant scientist made her skin crawl.

"As much as I hate to admit this Dr. Clay was on the right track the last time 
we used him.  And as much as I despise my own idea we will be needing the 
services of the good doctor once again.  I want you to find Dr. Clay and bring 
him to me.  This time we will give him the upper hand by giving him a demon the 
likes of which Yosho and his family have never seen before." Tokimi told him.

"Yes my lady." D3 replied before heading out to perform his duties.

********

To say Dr. Clay hated Washu was putting it mildly.  Dr. Clay despised Washu.  He 
hated the diminutive genius for getting him thrown out of the academy and 
ruining his reputation in the scientific community.  And he hated her even more 
for making him look like a fool in the eyes of Lady Tokimi.  Dr. Clay wanted to 
get revenge for what Washu and the Misaki children had done to him.

D3 being a dimensional being knew exactly where to find Dr. Clay sitting in a 
coffee bar on a space station orbiting one of the lesser planets in the Jurai 
system.  And being a dimensional being D3 knew why Dr. Clay was at the space 
station to get a new spaceship and supplies.  Disguising himself as a priest in 
the house of Tokimi D3 went to convince or tell Dr. Clay he should try and get 
the gems one more time.  And knowing Dr. Clay's feelings about Washu it wouldn't 
be a hard thing to do.

Pulling the robe's hood over his head D3 walked into the coffee bar and made his 
way to the small table where Dr. Clay was hunched over a steaming mug of coffee 
and a data pad.

"Dr. Clay I presume." D3 said getting Clay's attention.

Dr. Clay looked up at the robed figure and took a sip of his coffee taking in 
the features of the man that were visible before addressing him.

"Yes and whom may I ask you might be?" Dr. Clay questioned him.

"My name is not important.  What is important is the reason why I am here." He 
replied.

"And what reason is that?" Clay probed a bit farther.

"Ryoko's gems." D3 said casually.

Dr. Clay suddenly wondered how a simple priest would come to know about Ryoko's 
gems.  There were only a select few who knew of their existence and the majority 
of them lived in Okayama in the Misaki home at the foot of the Misaki shrine.

"And just how is it that you have come to know about something like this?" Dr. 
Clay inquired.

The figure in the robe gave Clay a simple wordless answer by pulling his hood 
back far enough for Clay to see his face.  One look at the markings on his face 
and Clay knew how he knew about the gems.  The man under the hood was none other 
than D3 Tokimi's right hand man.

"What does your Lady want me to do this time?" Clay wanted to know.

"My Lady wishes for you to journey to Earth and capture Yosho's granddaughter.  
The boy Tenchi, Ryoko, and even Washu will freely give themselves up for her 
freedom.  This time my Lady wishes to see what Yosho's granddaughter is capable 
of." D3 told him.

"I see and are there any other reasons your Lady wants me to go Earth?" Clay 
inquired.

"Yes.  An energy source that rivals that of the gems has been detected on Earth 
in the vicinity of the home where Washu and Tsunami now reside." D3 began, "This 
device contains the energy patterns detected from that unknown source.  If you 
can find and capture it along with the girl my Lady will reward you generously." 
He said as he handed a small pager sized device to Clay.

Dr. Clay examined the energy pattern noting its strength and intensity.  It was 
unlike anything he had ever seen and the only other thing he had seen with an 
energy pattern that strong was Ryoko's gems.

"Tell your Lady I will go to Earth and get the girl and the source of this new 
energy." Clay said.

********

Usagi and Mamoru were sitting on the front porch of the Misaki house enjoying 
the afternoon sun.  Mamoru couldn't shake the sudden need to protect Usagi with 
his life running through the back of his mind.  And Usagi couldn't shake the 
sudden need to be held in Mamoru's arms.  The dreams they had the night before 
kept playing themselves out over and over since they woke that morning, but 
neither one of them talked about it with the other.  Instead they focused on 
getting to know one another better.

"So you really don't remember much before you were six?" Usagi asked learning 
more about him.

"Yeah it's really weird.  My entire life before the accident that took my 
parents is a mystery to me.  I can only remember what happened after I woke up 
in the hospital.  All I knew was my name; everything else about me was taken in 
the crash." Mamoru told her.

Usagi felt a deep sadness for Mamoru.  In her mind no one should go through life 
without knowing at least one of their parents.

"That's real sad." Usagi commented.

"I look at it this way I wouldn't be who I am if my parents had survived that 
crash." He replied.

Usagi smiled when she heard that comment.  Mamoru had a mature outlook on his 
life and his situation.  It was one of the things Usagi was beginning to like 
about him.

Usagi was about to further their conversation when the door to the house flew 
open and Tenchi came running out of the house followed by Minako, Makoto, Ryoko, 
and Ayeaka.  Usagi and Mamoru sat there with stunned looks on their faces.  When 
the group was far enough away from the house Mihoshi and Sasami stood in the 
doorway with Luna and Artimes watching the girls chase Tenchi up the shrine 
steps.

"Wow, who knew one little comment could set those two off like that." Mihoshi 
said.

Mamoru looked to the girls utterly confused as to what was going on.

"Is it always like this around here?" he asked them.

"When it comes to my oniisan it's like this all the time." Usagi replied, "What 
happened guys?"

Artimes recounted what started the incident.

"Makoto said something about Tenchi being cuter than her old boyfriend.  She's 
always mentioning her old boyfriend.  Well, Minako took it as a challenge and 
said Tenchi was cuter than Motaki.  Next thing I know Ryoko is glomping onto 
Tenchi saying he's hers and Ayeaka is yanking his arm right out of his socket.  
At that point Tenchi lost it and fled out the front door with the four of them 
hot on his heels yelling for him to come back."

Usagi tried hard not to laugh but failed and Mamoru couldn't get over his best 
friend being ranked lower than teenager by his biggest fans.

"Wait till Motaki hears this one." He commented between laughs.

********

The newly christened Shunga II came out of subspace drive passing by the giant 
planet known as Jupiter.  Dr. Clay was mere hours away from Earth at his current 
rate.  Before leaving the space station D3 had made certain the good doctor was 
given a rather nasty little demon to use in his capture of Yosho's 
granddaughter.  And when Clay had asked Tokimi's personal assistant why the 
goddess wanted him to use the creature instead of one of his robotic creations 
D3 simply stated it felt right for the situation.

The new Shunga was another stolen ship purchased on the interplanetary black 
market.  And with a few modifications and a new coat of paint no one knew it was 
another stolen command ship.  This time it came from a neighboring system's 
armada instead of the Galaxy Police fleet.  Once again the goddess was proudly 
placed on the front of the enormous ship.

"Soon I will have my revenge on Washu.  And this time no one, not even that boy, 
will be able to stop me." Clay said to no one in particular.

********

Afternoons at the Misaki house were usually quiet affairs.  But the sight of 
Tenchi being chased by four girls told the other residents of the house this 
wasn't going to be the usual afternoon.  And most normal afternoons at the 
Misaki house usually had Tenchi and Usagi practicing with their grandfather 
while Ayeaka and Mihoshi watched their favorite soap from another planet where 
the people looked like penguins.  Sasami spent her afternoons finishing her 
chores for the day while Ryoko napped.  Washu would just shut herself in her lab 
to work on her latest invention

On some occasions Tenchi would be in the fields cultivating the vegetable crops 
they had.  Lately the crops seemed to consist of high amounts of carrots.  And 
on these days Ryoko would try and catch Tenchi's attention or Ryo-Ohki would try 
and sneak a carrot or two for her own.  Tenchi never worked the fields alone.  
Yosho had always made it a point that Usagi work the fields with her oniisan 
because it would help build their strength and stamina and the work got done 
faster that way.

When the screaming Tenchi and his adoring fan club were well out of view the 
spectators on the porch went back to what they had been doing.  Mihoshi went 
back to watching her soaps while Sasami went back to the kitchen to finish 
putting away the lunch dishes.  Luna and Artimes went back to trying to figure 
out how they could find the Moon Princess.  Usagi and Mamoru resumed their 
conversation.

Usagi was in the middle of telling Mamoru how her family came to live in Okayama 
when felt something strange twitch in the back of her mind.  Usagi knew the 
twitch had to have come from a spaceship tree and immediately got up and headed 
towards Funahu.  Not knowing what was going on Mamoru decided to follow Usagi to 
see what he could find out.

"Usagi what's up?" he asked her.

"I don't know but I'm betting Funahu does." Usagi replied as she ran to the 
tree.

Placing her hand on Funahu's bark Usagi began her silent conversation with 
Yosho's tree.  After a few short moments Usagi spoke.

"I see.  Looks like seven hundred years on Earth has made you a tad bit rusty in 
this department." Usagi said to the tree.

Mamoru had witnessed enough fire readings to understand when someone had a 
connection to an inanimate object.  Somehow he could tell Usagi had such a 
connection with the tree called Funahu.

"Well did it tell you anything?" Mamoru wondered.

"Yes, she said go ask Ryu-oh." Usagi replied.

"Ryu-oh?" Mamoru asked a bit puzzled.

Usagi motioned for Mamoru to follow her and explained things along the way to 
the hot springs pod Washu had recovered from the Shoja.

"Ryu-oh is Ayeaka's spaceship tree.  Although at the moment he's just a little 
sapling.  But I bet he's a bit more sensitive than Funahu is because Ayeaka 
planted his seed in a tree pod containing Jurian soil." Usagi explained to the 
college student.

Upon reaching the pod Usagi went over to the tiny sapling with its two little 
buds peaking through the soil.  Placing her hand on the soil Usagi let her 
abilities tap into the soil and reach the delicate root system to let the little 
spaceship tree know she was present.  The tiny thread like strands of light hit 
the soil letting her know Ryu-oh knew she was there.  After a few moments she 
turned to address Mamoru.

"Ryu-oh says he detected a spaceship he was able to recognize entering Earth's 
orbit.  Something came from the ship and is in the woods not too far from here." 
Usagi told him.

Mamoru looked at Usagi and could tell from the look on her face she was planing 
on investigating the thing in the woods.

"Don't tell me you're going to actually check this out by yourself?" he asked 
her.

"No you're coming with me.  We're going to put those eight years of karate to 
good use.  Besides I'd be stupid not to take along some backup." Usagi replied.

Mamoru couldn't argue with her reasoning.  It was probably some of the most 
mature he had ever heard from someone her age.  Most of the time the high school 
girls he ran into giggled a lot.  They usually didn't start spurting comments 
like Usagi's until they were in college and had grown up a lot.  People in 
Usagi's situation however tended to grow up a lot faster mentally.  Mamoru had 
noticed it with Rei, Ami, Makoto, himself, and now Usagi.  Minako was just the 
exception to the rule.

As the pair headed out the front gate of the Misaki home Usagi called over her 
shoulder to the guardians Azaka and Kamidaki.

"Guys we're going to check on something Ryu-oh detected in the woods near here.  
If we're not back in twenty minutes go get Tenchi and the others." Usagi told 
them.

"I am starting the countdown right now Miss Usagi." Azaka informed her.

Upon reaching the woods Usagi stopped dead in her tracks.  Something didn't feel 
right and it was too quiet for a day like today.  Normally there would be the 
sounds of birds and other small animals filling the area.  Now there wasn't a 
single sound to be heard outside their footsteps and breathing.

"I don't like this it's too quiet." Usagi said.

"I know." Mamoru commented as he pulled out a rose from his subspace supply just 
in case.

As the pair slowly made their way through the forest they came to a small 
clearing.  The moment they stepped into the clearing a bright flash from the 
sunlight striking a metal surface caught their attention.  Usagi quickly got 
into a ready position in case something jumped them from within the trees.  All 
of a sudden a large robotic creature resembling Dr. Clay's Zero unit came 
charging out of the trees.  Mere moments after the robot revealed itself Mamoru 
sprang into action quickly transforming into Tuxedo Mask and flung the rose he 
had used to transform right at the robot.  But before the perfect long stemmed 
projectile could inflict any damage the robot caught the rose and crushed it in 
its hand.

Usagi saw what happened and knew it was time to transform into Sailor Moon.

"Hey you Gigantor wannabe if you're looking for a fight then you've picked the 
wrong person." Usagi began, "Moon Prism Power!"

Right before Mamoru's eyes Usagi began transforming into Sailor Moon.  The 
transformation sequence she went through was simple yet mesmerizing.  In the 
brief moment Usagi was unclothed Mamoru caught a glimpse at pure perfection.

When the transformation ended Usagi stood ready to fight as Sailor Moon.

Somehow this feels right, Mamoru thought to himself.

The robot began charging towards Sailor Moon and Tuxedo Mask at blinding pace.  
Grasping her tiara jewel Sailor Moon powered up her attack.

"Moon Tiara Magic!" Sailor Moon called out as she sent her tiara flying towards 
the robot.

The glowing disk was easily disposed of when the robot knocked it out of its 
flight path.  As the tiara hit the ground Usagi knew they were in deep trouble.

"You got anything else?" Tuxedo Mask asked her.

"Not unless I want to break something." Sailor Moon replied.

"What about those abilities you said Tsunami gave you?"

"Defensive only."

The robot stopped a few feet away from Sailor Moon and Tuxedo Mask and raised 
its arm with its palm facing towards them.  A small hole opened in the palm and 
the robot shot out a strange pink slimy goop at the pair knocking the hat off 
Tuxedo Mask's head.  When they were completely covered in the goop the robot 
pressed a button on his arm activating an automatic teleport program back on the 
Shunga II.  In a flash of light Usagi, Mamoru, and the robot were gone.

********

Twenty minutes had passed since Usagi and Mamoru went into the woods to check on 
the disturbance.  The internal stopwatch in Azaka had reached double zero and 
the pair had yet to return.  The senior guardian addressed his younger 
counterpart and voiced his concerns.

"The twenty minutes are up and they have yet to return." Azaka said.

"Should one of us go get the others Azaka sir?" Kamidaki asked him.

"Yes you go and get Princess Ayeaka and Lord Tenchi and I'll wait here in case 
they show up."

"Yes sir Azaka sir!"

Kamidaki left the front gate and flew off towards the house to look for Ayeaka 
or Tenchi.  When he arrived there all he saw was Mihoshi sitting on the front 
porch reading a romance manga.

"Miss Mihoshi have you seen Lord Tenchi or Princess Ayeaka anywhere?" Kamidaki 
asked her sounding a bit frantic.

"Is something wrong Kamidaki?" Mihoshi replied.

"Miss Usagi and our male guest Mamoru went to go check on a disturbance in the 
woods near the house.  She said if they hadn't returned in twenty minuets we 
should get all of you.  It's been well past twenty minutes and they have yet to 
return." He explained.

"Ayeaka and Tenchi should still be up at the shrine with the Senshi and Ryoko.  
Washu, Sasami, and Luna are in the house with Minako's cat Artimes." Mihoshi 
began going into GP mode, "You get the guys at the shrine and I'll get everyone 
inside the house.  We'll meet up at the front gate."

With that the two parted ways to gather the remaining individuals at the Misaki 
house.

********

Usagi and Mamoru found themselves alone in a darkened corridor on the Shunga II.  
The first thing on their minds was to find a way off the strange alien vessel.  
And as they made their way down the long corridor Usagi had the sinking feeling 
they were not alone.  Every so often the Moon Senshi would look over her 
shoulder only to see empty darkness.

"This place is like one big maze." Tuxedo Mask commented.

"Tell me about it." Sailor Moon replied before checking behind her once more.

This time instead of seeing complete darkness Sailor Moon saw a pair of red 
glowing eyes looking right back at her.  Terror ran down her spine as Sailor 
Moon tapped Tuxedo Mask on the shoulder.

"M-M-Mamoru there's something behind us." She said terrified.

Mamoru turned around in time to see a large four-legged demon with bat like 
wings, a nasty looking tail, and a set of horns that would put any bull in 
Pamplona to shame.  But before he could do anything to stop the demon from 
making any attacks Usagi grabbed his arm and began running as fast as she could 
to get away from it.

"Did you see that thing?" he asked as they ran down another long corridor.

********

Dr. Clay watched as the ships internal security cameras showed the action in the 
darkened corridor where he had put the demon D3 had supplied him with.  It was 
currently chasing after Yosho's granddaughter and her male companion.  The pair 
was running down one of the many corridors the new Shunga had to offer.  It 
wouldn't be long before the real excitement began.

"Soon we will see just how good she is without her little disk and then the 
source of that new power will be mine to command." Clay said.

********

Mihoshi and Kamidaki arrived at the front gate with their respective groups.  
And upon hearing his sister might be in some sort of trouble Tenchi ran to the 
front gate as fast as his legs could carry him.  When everyone was gathered at 
the gate the guardians told them what they knew.

"And when my internal clock had finished counting down the twenty minutes 
Kamidaki and I decided one of us should get the others.  That's when he left to 
get you and I stayed here in case they returned.  But as you can see they 
haven't." Azaka told them.

"Well then we'd better get into those woods and look for them." Tenchi said.

The entire group including the guardians made their way into the woods.  Coming 
upon the clearing the Senshi stopped dead in their tracks.  There lying on the 
ground was Tuxedo Mask's top hat.  Luna came bounding over to spot where the 
Senshi were standing and dropped Sailor Moon's tiara at Ami's feet.  The Senshi 
of Intelligence picked it up and examined it.

"That is Sailor Moon's tiara.  She never takes it off unless she's in a battle." 
Luna explained.

While the Senshi were busy examining the fallen headgear Washu was looking at 
some slimy pink goop that had been left on the ground.

"Hmm this looks like the work of Dr. Clay.  I've seen this substance before when 
he tried to hold me prisoner on his ship." Washu said.

Ryoko floated over to where Washu was and looked at the goop Washu was 
examining.  It was the same stuff Zero had encased her in when she took over 
Ryoko's personality.

"Yeah that's the stuff Clay uses.  He must have sent a robot down to get them.  
It's how he got me." Ryoko said.

The Senshi were a bit confused as to who Dr. Clay was and Ami voiced their one 
question.
"Excuse me but just who is Dr. Clay?" she asked.

"He was one my old students at the science academy.  I had him thrown out when 
he was running some questionable experiments and he's been trying to get back at 
me for millennia." Washu explained.

The Senshi were digesting the latest piece of information when Artimes voiced a 
concern he had.

"Did Mamoru have the crystals with him today?" he asked the Senshi.

"Artimes you know he's never without those things." Minako replied.

That's when it hit the four Senshi, there was a great risk Dr. Clay could 
somehow make the rainbow crystals form into the Silver Crystal.

"Oh no if he gets his hands on those crystals we're doomed!" Rei said.

"Then it's settled we're going up there and rescuing those two." Tenchi 
announced.

"Azaka, Kamidaki you stay here and watch over Yosho and Sasami while we're 
gone." Ayeaka began, "Ryoko you know what do."

"Right.  Go! Ryo-Ohki!" Ryoko replied.

********

The demon had chased Usagi and Mamoru down corridor after corridor cornering 
them in a large room.  With nowhere to go the pair had no choice but to stand 
their ground.  Usagi reached up to her forehead to power up her tiara for her 
attack but it was nowhere to be found.

"Mamoru we've got a bit of a problem here.  My tiara is still in the woods on 
Earth.  I can't attack that thing." Usagi told him.

Mamoru pulled out a rose and hurled it at the demon.  As the rose flew through 
the air the demon's horns began to crackle with a dark and sinister looking 
lightning.  The rose found its target but did little damage to the demon.  The 
demon retaliated by sending a blast of dark energy towards the pair.  And with 
only seconds to spare Usagi and Mamoru dove out of the way of the blast.  The 
battle was underway.

********

Ryo-Ohki came up upon the large space ship close enough for Washu to use her 
portable gateway.  The Senshi were able to get a good look at Dr. Clay's latest 
ship as it was displayed on Ryo-Ohki's view screen.  Washu took a good look at 
the modified flagship and saw the enormous goddess statue on the front of the 
ship.  As Washu put up the gateway she laid out their best course of action.

"We'll need to split up into two groups with at least one Senshi in each group.  
Makoto, Tenchi, Mihoshi, Minako, and the cats will be one group.  Ryoko, Ami, 
Rei, Ayeaka, and I will make up the other group.  We'll each take a part of the 
ship and search for them.  Stick together because Clay's ship is huge."

"We can keep in contact through the communicators the Senshi have." Artimes 
added.

With that the two groups made their way into the Shunga to find their missing 
allies.

********

Mamoru sent a volley of roses at the demon with very little result.  All the 
roses managed to do was scratch the surface of the demon's tough leathery 
exterior.  As Mamoru was about to send another round of roses at the demon it 
prepared to attack once again.  The blast of dark energy flew towards tuxedo-
clad protector of Earth but this time Mamoru didn't have enough time to get out 
of the way.  The energy blast struck Mamoru head on knocking him to the ground.

Usagi watched the scene unfold itself before her eyes in what seemed to be slow 
motion.  As Mamoru hit the ground she did the one thing she knew would save his 
life she place herself between Mamoru and the demon.  Using her Jurian abilities 
Usagi put her protective field around her and Mamoru.  The demon sent another 
attack at Usagi and Mamoru but this time the field around them stopped it before 
it could do any damage.

"I hope someone comes soon because I don't know how long I can keep this up." 
Usagi said.

As another blast of energy hit the field Usagi noticed a faint glow coming from 
Mamoru's pocket.  Reaching into the pocket Usagi pulled out the small velvet bag 
containing the rainbow crystals.  Dumping them onto the floor Usagi saw the 
crystals were glowing in their respective colors.  Somewhere in the back of her 
mind Usagi knew something big was about to happen.

********

Tenchi and the other members of his group ran at a break neck pace down the long 
corridor.  The fear that something might have happened to his Usako imoto-chan 
was predominant in his mind.  For the first time he knew how Luna and Ryoko felt 
when they thought he and Usagi had died during the battle with Kagato.  As they 
headed down the corridor Tenchi prayed to Tsunami nothing happened to her.

Rounding the corner to head down another corridor Tenchi noticed a strange glow 
coming from down the corridor.  Artimes saw the glow and had a pretty good idea 
what might be happening.  Looking up at Minako and Makoto Artimes gave them a 
look that told the two Senshi they were going to need Ami and Rei and fast.

The small group headed towards the glow and found themselves in a large 
storeroom.  There in the middle of the room was a nasty looking demon attacking 
Sailor Moon.  And lying on the floor with his head in her lap was Tuxedo Mask.  
Sailor Moon was protecting the fallen warrior with her protective field.  But 
that wasn't what had them staring in awe at what they saw before them.  The 
seven rainbow crystals were spread out on the floor before them glowing in a way 
Artimes and the Senshi had never seen before.

"This is it guys after two long years our princess is going to be revealed 
soon." Artimes said.

"Then we'd better get the others here and fast." Venus replied as she pulled out 
her communicator.

********

Washu's group wasn't having as much luck as Tenchi's group.  They knew there was 
a demon somewhere on the ship thanks to Ryoko but they couldn't find any sign of 
Usagi or Mamoru.  Ryoko frantically searched every nook and cranny they found.  
She was desperate to find Usagi because the young Jurian royal was the first 
true friend she ever had.  And like Tenchi Ryoko would do anything for her.

The group was about to head down another corridor when Ami's communicator began 
ringing.

"Mercury here." Ami said into the watch.

"Ami it's Minako.  We found Usagi and Mamoru but you guys need to get here and 
fast.  The rainbow crystals are acting real strange.  And Artimes thinks we just 
might find our princess." Minako replied over the communicator.

********

Cliffhanger!  Cliffhanger!  For dramatic purposes and because I wanted part two 
to be a bit longer than it would if continued we have a cliffhanger.  Besides 
the original princess revealed episode of Sailor Moon was in two parts.  Now 
about Dr. Clay I said he had been given a demon by D3 I never said he had to 
send it to Earth to do the dirty work.  That's what robots are for.

It will be assumed during the flight on Ryo-Ohki the Senshi transformed.  And 
let's just assume for purposes befitting this story that Dr. Clay named his new 
ship after his old one.  I mean he did modify the thing to look like the 
original Shunga. 

Coming up in part two the Moon Princess and another great confrontation with Dr. 
Clay.  Will this new Shunga explode like the first one?  You'll just have to 
wait and see.

A big thank you to all of you who have read and reviewed my story.  I apologize 
for all the suspense but it wouldn't be an interesting story if I didn't have 
it.  Keep those reviews coming and please contribute to my Tenchi and Usagi Muyo 
folder in the Sailor Moon discussion area.  I have sub folders for questions 
each part might bring up and topics pertaining to the story I want to discuss.  
I try and check it often so I can get your opinions on specific elements within 
the story and communicate with my readers.
