First class detective Mihoshi of the Galaxy Police had sent in what had to be 
the most detailed report of her entire career.  It contained everything from the 
incident that brought her to Earth to the attempt on Tenchi's life by Zero 
Ryoko.  Nothing was overlooked.  The report had four pages on the bond between 
Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki and six pages on Sailor Moon and Luna.  The report was fifty 
pages in length and hard to understand.

It had taken Galaxy Police headquarters three days to decode the report and 
another three to decide what to do about it.  The report was classified top 
secret and ordered to be sealed away forever.  Only the edited version would be 
allowed into the public record but there was so much detail to the report that 
editing it proved to be difficult.  And after much frustration and many 
headaches Galaxy Police headquarters turned the report over to the planet Jurai.

Jurian intelligence was baffled by the report.  For four days they went through 
every detail of the report with a fine tooth comb.  The section on the gems 
possessed first by Ryoko and now by Tenchi had them especially interested.  As 
did the fact that Tenchi could produce three light hawk wings.  But Tenchi 
wasn't the only person that caught the attention of the intelligence officers.  
Usagi was a mystery in her own right.  The reaction Sailor Moon had to the seed 
Tsunami had given her proved to be just as fascinating as the light hawk wings.  
Usagi didn't need the master key to communicate with the spaceship trees.  She 
was able to do that on her own.

After the report had been thoroughly read through the Minister of Defense and 
the head of intelligence decided to pay a little visit to the Misaki house on 
Earth.  The Emperor of Jurai allowed them to travel to Earth and decided that he 
too would like to travel to Earth.  But his trip wouldn't be to visit with 
Tenchi and Usagi.  His trip would be to retrieve his daughters and introduce one 
of them to the man he had chosen for her to marry.  And so the Jurian royalty 
headed for Earth.

********

Tenchi and Usagi Muyo
Episode Four: Here Comes Jurai.

********

Usagi woke up early once again.  This time she had beaten the sun and decided to 
go watch it from her favorite place as it kissed the lake with its golden rays.  
Sitting underneath Funahu's canopy of branches Usagi replayed a dream she had 
the night before in her mind.

In her dream Usagi was standing on a large marble balcony overlooking a 
beautiful garden wearing a long white gown.  As she stood there a young man in 
black and silver armor took her hands in his.  After a brief kiss Usagi pulled 
out a locket that was shaped like a star and opened it allowing its soft melody 
play for them alone.  The crescent moon within the locket made its way around as 
the melody continued.  Usagi then took the hand of the young man and placed her 
locket within it.

"Take this locket as a reminder of our love and let its melody guide you back to 
me." Usagi said.

Looking into his eyes once again Usagi and the young man kissed what they 
thought would be their final kiss.  When the kiss ended the young man held Usagi 
close to him and she could hear the sound of his heart beating.  Looking down at 
her the young man said his good-byes.

"My love I do not know if I'll see you again but know that you are in my heart 
always.  I must go now for my people need me." He told her.

The dream ended with Usagi watching the young man walk out of sight.

Usagi didn't know if the dream she had the night before was trying to tell her 
something or if it was just her imagination running wild because she had kissed 
Mamoru the day before.  Whatever it was Usagi knew one thing Mamoru was somehow 
the cause of her dream.

"Funahu you've been around for a long time what do you think this dream means?" 
Usagi asked the tree as she placed her hand on its bark.

The tree responded in its usual way letting its beams of energy find Usagi.

"Perhaps it is a memory." Funahu said in her mind, "Your soul is as old as I 
am."

Usagi thought about it for a moment considering what Funahu had told her.  If 
her soul had indeed been a part of another life before hers then maybe she was 
remembering events from that life.  Then again maybe it was her mind telling her 
she was falling in love.  Whatever it was the dream was a good one.

"Maybe it was a memory or maybe it was pure fantasy.  Whatever it was it 
certainly was romantic." Usagi commented as the sun found the lake.

********

The lone spaceship made its way towards Earth.  The large ship with its unique 
design sailed through the stars bringing its passenger closer to his final 
destination.  Inside the ship was a large command deck with a tree that towered 
over its crew.  Small canals ran from different points on the command deck to a 
pool of water that surrounded the tree.  Every so often one of the canals would 
glow as another command was sent from the tree to the various parts of the ship.  
This was the flagship of the Jurian military the ship of Azusa Emperor of Jurai.

********

The sound of laughter filled the shrine yard that morning for the first time in 
years.  From inside his office Yosho didn't mind hearing the sound of young 
girls laughing once again while he did his paper work.  The Senshi and their 
young male companion had decided to use the shrine as a place to discuss recent 
events.  And while Usagi the Senshi were listening to what Luna and Artimes had 
to tell them Tenchi was sweeping the yard in preparation for the scrubbing he 
and Ayeaka were going to give it.

"Central Command couldn't come up with any reason as to why Usagi hasn't reached 
the level the rest of you have attained." Luna was telling the Senshi.

"Luna could it have anything to do with the fact that she's been here in Okayama 
by herself and not with the rest of the Senshi?" Ami asked while she ran a few 
test models on her computer.

"That is a possibility." Artimes said, "While you girls were fighting new 
enemies that called for you to increase the strength of your abilities she 
hasn't faced an enemy similar to the ones in Tokyo for close to two years now."

Usagi began to wonder why she hadn't received any new Senshi abilities after the 
incident with Kagato.  She did become stronger when Tsunami infused her with her 
seed.  But instead of awakening some hidden Senshi ability it awakened her 
hidden Jurian abilities.

"What about those times we fought against Kagato and Dr. Clay?  Don't they count 
Luna?" Usagi asked her guardian feline.

"I'm afraid they don't." Luna began, "While what happened to you and Tenchi did 
give you some amazing abilities it didn't seem to affect your Senshi abilities."

Tenchi had been overhearing what the Senshi and is imoto-chan were discussing 
and wondered why Usagi not reaching a new level was important.

"I don't see why her not being like the others is such a big deal." Tenchi 
commented.

"Over time the Senshi have gained new abilities and new transformations when 
they became stronger fighters.  It's just that your sister hasn't gained any new 
Senshi abilities or transformations in the past two years and Central Command is 
puzzled." Artimes explained.

"Who says she hasn't reached a new level." Tenchi said.

"Tenchi could be right.  The Senshi have been gaining new attacks through the 
course of their battles.  For all we know what Usagi has experienced in the past 
six months could have put her at a new level that just hasn't been able to be 
accessed yet.  It could have something to do with our lack of a princess and 
crystal." Mamoru reasoned.

As the Senshi pondered what Mamoru had said both Tenchi and Usagi noticed a 
woman standing near the entrance to the Misaki shrine.  She was dressed in 
ornate robes similar to the ones Ayeaka had worn when they first met her and she 
had long black hair that was pulled back at the nape of her neck.  On her 
forehead was a dot much like the ones worn by the women in India and she 
possessed a pair of dark haunting eyes that spoke of ageless wisdom.

Tenchi walked over to the woman to see what she wanted and Usagi followed close 
behind.  As the Misaki siblings got to where she was Tenchi spoke first.

"Can I help you ma'am?" he asked her.

"Yes I was hoping to see the shrine priest." She said in a soft calm voice.

"Grandpa, I'll go get him for you." Tenchi replied.

Tenchi went over to the small shrine office and knocked on the frame of the 
sliding door.  As he did so Tenchi called out to his grandfather inside.

"Grandpa there's a woman here to see you." Tenchi informed him.

"I will be there in a moment Tenchi." Yosho told his grandson.

********

Ryoko was napping the couch when the woman walked into the house.  She had blue 
hair a shade lighter than Sasami's done up in ponytail with a scarf covering 
part of it and pink eyes that seemed to carry within them an ageless youth.  The 
robes she wore were pink and blue with accents of green and black.  The woman 
carried herself with the dignity and grace required of her position.

Upon spotting Ryoko the woman's eyes lit up and became three times their normal 
size and a big smile came across her face.  Clasping her hands together the 
woman gasped in delight before heading over to the couch to wake up the sleeping 
Ryoko.

"Sasami!" the woman cried out waking the sleeping Ryoko.

The woman grabbed the pseudo Sasami and held the former space pirate in a tight 
hug.

"Ah lady I'm not Sasami." Ryoko tried to tell her while trying hard to breath.

The woman didn't seem to care Ryoko wasn't her Sasami.  But upon closer 
inspection the woman thought her Sasami had changed her appearance.

"Oh my little Sasami what have done to your hair?  You dyed it and now it's all 
hard and spikey.  Well don't worry because we can fix that." She cried out while 
she tugged on Ryoko's cheeks.

Ryoko tried desperately to tell the woman that she was not Sasami again.

"Uh listen lady I'm not Sasami." Ryoko said.

The woman just wouldn't hear of it and Ryoko wondered if there was any way she 
could get away from the crazy lady.  It was at that point the door to the 
kitchen opened and Sasami walked out with Ryo-Ohki tagging along behind her.  
One look at the real Sasami and the woman could see the pseudo Sasami for who 
she really was the former pirate Ryoko.

"What's going on out here?" Sasami asked.

"You're not Sasami." She growled when she heard Sasami's voice.

"That's what I've been trying to say." Ryoko replied.

The woman just wouldn't hear any excuses and tossed Ryoko aside like she was 
crumpled up bit of paper being thrown in the trash.  Turning back to Sasami the 
woman's eyes softened once again and clasping her hands together the smile 
returned once more.

"Sasami!  My little Sasami!" the woman called out as she ran to Sasami.

Sasami got the same look on her face as the woman, which looked better on her.

"It's my mommy.  Mommy!" Sasami called out as she met the woman halfway.

Looking over at Sasami and her mother Ryoko commented on the situation.

"That's her mother?" Ryoko said in a bit of disbelief.

********

Ayeaka, unaware that her mother has come for a visit, walked back to the main 
shrine yard after filing the bucket she was holding with water.  As the yard 
came into view she saw Tenchi and Usagi standing near a woman she had not seen 
at the shrine before.  One look at the woman's robes and face and Ayeaka 
immediately recognized her.  The color left Ayeaka's face as she dropped the 
bucket on the ground spilling its contents.  Running up to the woman Ayeaka 
greeted her.

"Lady Funahu what a pleasant surprise." Ayeaka said with a bow.

"Ayeaka it's good to see you again." Funahu replied.

Ayeaka smiled at Funahu and knowing she would not have traveled alone asked the 
question that would confirm her theory.

"Am I to assume that she is with you?" Ayeaka asked her.

"Yes and she should be at the house by now." Funahu told Ayeaka.

With a quick bow Ayeaka ran off down the stairs to the house.
It was at that moment Yosho came out of his office to meet with the woman Tenchi 
had mentioned.  Expecting to see a woman from town who either needed counseling 
or was looking to book the shrine the patriarch of the Misaki family was taken 
by surprise when he saw who she was.  Like his sister Ayeaka the color left his 
face and he immediately stiffened out of fear rather than protocol.

"M-m-mother!  W-w-what are you doing here?" he stammered nervously.

Tenchi and Usagi looked at each other with looks of disbelief and confusion on 
their faces.  Standing before them was a woman who for all appearances looked no 
older than their father was yet with one single word they learned she was well 
over seven hundred years old.

"Mother?" they said not believing what they had heard.

Lady Funahu was not only from Jurai but she was also their great grandmother.

"Why don't we go into my office." Yosho said.

Funahu followed her son to his office where they could talk in private.

Tenchi and Usagi waited until the door was closed before trying to see what they 
could hear their grandfather say to his mother.  A minute later Luna, Artimes, 
and the Senshi were right there beside them.

"How could she be his mother she looks no older than your father." Makoto 
whispered to them.

"You have to realize people from Jurai tend to live very long lives.  Ayeaka and 
Sasami are both over seven hundred years old and look at them." Luna explained.

********

Sasami and her mother were sitting on the couch watching the now humanoid Ryo-
Ohki perform a little song and hand routine she had learned from Sasami and 
Usagi.  The song resembled Twinkle Twinkle Little Star and the hand routine 
consisted of hand rolls and fist bops in time with the tune.  When the 
performance was over the mother and daughter applauded and cheered.

"That was wonderful Ryo-Ohki." Misaki said in her overly cute tone of voice.

That was how Ayeaka found them when she came into the house.  Sasami and Misaki 
were on the couch and Ryo-Ohki was standing in front of them while Ryoko was 
busy restoring her dignity after the slight mix-up earlier.  Looking at her 
mother Ayeaka sighed and prepared to greet her.

"Hello mother." Ayeaka said showing great respect.

Misaki looked over in the direction of the voice and saw her daughter standing 
next to Ryoko looking all prim and proper.  This was not the way she had raised 
her daughters especially Ayeaka.  Misaki put on her best hurt feelings face and 
responded to her daughter's greeting.

"Is that any way to greet your mother." She said with a slight pout.

Ayeaka sighed knowing she would have to greet her mother the only way she liked 
to be greeted.  Looking over at Ryoko her eyes became hard and she issued a 
warning to the former pirate about what going to take place inside the Misaki 
home.

"Now Ryoko I'm about to do something that could be very embarrassing if word of 
this ever got out.  If you say a word about this to anyone I'll kill you." 
Ayeaka said in low voice.

Ayeaka's face loosened and her eyes became big puppy dog saucers.  A goofy smile 
came on her face and she clasped her hands together holding them up high.  
Swallowing her pride Ayeaka then called out to her mother in a high-pitched 
voice.

"My mommy!  My very own mommy!" Ayeaka cried out.

Misaki's face quickly mirrored Ayeaka's and she responded to her daughter in 
much the same manor she used on Sasami.

"Ayeaka oh my little Ayeaka!" Misaki replied as she embraced her daughter.

Ryoko couldn't stand it any longer and broke out in an uncontrollable laughter.

"She called her mommy." Ryoko commented between bouts of laughter.

Misaki looked at Ryoko with a hardened face.

"Do you have a problem with that." She growled protectively.
"Uh no, no problem at all." Ryoko replied quickly stopping her laughing fit.

********

Yosho sat before Funahu inside the small one room office.  Looking at his mother 
he could tell she hadn't changed much in the past seven hundred years.  The 
planet Jurai had been very kind to the woman who once lived on Earth.  Yosho 
prided himself on his good manners and hospitality and offered his mother a cup 
of hot tea.

"Can I get you some tea mother?" he asked her

"Yes, I'd love some." She replied.

As Yosho prepared the small burner and kettle Funahu studied her son.  Looking 
at the man before her she noticed he appeared to be quite different from the 
last time she had seen him.  His long hair was gray and he sported a thick 
mustache and glasses.  But upon closer inspection Funahu saw that this was 
merely a disguise for underneath the cleaver fa‡ade was the son she remembered.

"Yosho you don't need to use your disguise with me." Funahu told her son.

"You could tell then." He said as he dropped the disguise.

Once again Funahu looked upon her son and saw the man she remembered.  His hair 
was darker and his face had softened considerably.  The mustache he had was gone 
as well and his eyes seemed a bit darker.  In fact his whole body seemed 
different every little wrinkle he had was gone and his skin was softer and more 
youthful.

Looking at his mother once again the now youthful Yosho got right to business.

"So I take it by your visit you have received Mihoshi's report?" he asked his 
mother in a younger sounding voice while he poured a glass of tea for her.

"Yes, Mihoshi's report was, shall we say, quite exhaustive.  It took Jurian 
intelligence four days to read through the entire report." Funahu replied before 
taking a sip of the tea.

"And you've come to discuss the details of that report?" Yosho asked her trying 
to find her reasons for coming back to Earth.

Funahu looked at her son.  True she had come to see just what Mihoshi was 
reporting about but she had also returned to Earth to see her only child once 
again.

"What, can't a mother come and visit her son?  You could have at least kept in 
contact.  Not once in seven hundred years had I heard from you." She replied 
sounding a tad bit offended because she was kept out of her son's life for so 
long.

Taking another sip of her tea Funahu decided to change the subject of their 
conversation.

"So I take it the boy out there was Tenchi.  And the girl with him was Usagi." 
Funahu said, "But who were the others by the temple?  The black cat I assume is 
Usagi's but the report did not mention another feline living here."

Yosho felt his mother had a right to know what had transpired over the last few 
days.

"The individuals you saw by the temple are some houseguests we have staying with 
us.  They came to Okayama to meet up with Usagi.  I'm assuming Mihoshi's report 
covered Usagi's other identity as Sailor Moon and the fact that Luna out there 
can talk." Yosho explained.

"I see." Funahu commented, "Your grandchildren are quite amazing.  Tenchi has 
the ability to create the light hawk wings.  And Usagi can communicate with the 
spaceship trees without the aid of the master key.  Tenchi is quite the handsome 
young man.  He must be trouble for the ladies."

At that moment Yosho heard the sound of someone stumbling on the steps to the 
shrine office.  Adjusting his glasses Yosho sighed and used his Katsuhito voice 
to reprimand his grandchildren.

"Tenchi, Usagi!" he yelled through the closed door.

On the other side of the door Tenchi, Usagi, the Senshi, Mamoru, and the cats 
freaked and ran.

Funahu let out a soft giggle before getting back to the main reason for her 
visit the report.

"Mihoshi's report also mentioned the gems within the sword Tenchi.  She said 
they have some unusual properties and that there might be a connection between 
the gems and Jurai's spaceship trees." Funahu said watching her son look out the 
window to his tree in the lake below.

"Yes I have suspected this for some time.  It is my belief Ryoko's gems are 
responsible for keeping my spaceship tree alive all these years." Yosho told his 
mother.

"And you haven't told this to your grandchildren or Ayeaka?" Funahu probed a bit 
further.

Yosho let out a soft sigh before answering his mother.

"Now you see why I keep my disguise." Yosho replied.

********

Tenchi, Usagi, and the others had heard enough of the conversation between their 
grandfather and great grandmother to know what was going on.  Funahu and 
Ayeaka's mother had come to Earth to check them out because of the report 
Mihoshi had written.  And while they were here the two women were going to visit 
with their children.  Tenchi couldn't help but feel as though they were going to 
judge him and ask to see a display of the abilities given to him by Tsunami.  
Usagi on the other hand couldn't believe how young their great grandmother 
looked.

"Your great grandmother is certainly a beautiful woman." Ami said.
Before Usagi or Tenchi could comment on what Ami had said the door to the shine 
office opened.  Yosho and Funahu stepped out of the office and walked over to 
the Misaki siblings.  Yosho faced his grandchildren and asked them to show his 
mother to the house below.

"Tenchi, Usagi please show your great grandmother to the house." Yosho said.

Tenchi looked at his grandfather a bit nervously and responded.

"Uh sure thing grandpa." Tenchi replied.

"Hai ojiisan." Usagi added.

Tenchi and Funahu started towards the steps to the temple.  Usagi started to 
follow them but before she caught up with them she called over her shoulder to 
her new friends.

"I'll be back in a bit guys." Usagi told them.

Tenchi, Funahu, and Usagi made their way down the temple steps.  After a few 
moments of silence between the three Funahu spoke breaking it.

"Tenchi, Usagi do you find it a bit strange finding out that I am your great 
grandmother?" she asked the siblings.

Tenchi thought about it for a brief moment before answering Funahu's question.

"No I don't find it strange at all.  I kind of like having a great grandmother." 
Tenchi said.

"Yeah it's kind of cool.  I mean you look so beautiful and young it's hard to 
believe you're as old as you are." Usagi added.

Usagi's comment made Funahu smile.  It was nice to be thought of as young again.

As the three continued down the steps Usagi noticed Washu heading in their 
direction.  The diminutive scientist had a collection tube over one of her 
shoulders.  On this day her hair was hidden beneath a white beret and she wore 
white pants and short green jacket.  On her face was a great big smile.

"Ah Tenchi, Usagi just the pair I was looking for." Washu began, "Would you two 
be a couple of dears and take this for me to the shrine."

Washu handed the siblings the tube and smiled.

"But Washu we were supposed to show great grandma to the house." Usagi said.

"Don't worry I'll show her to the house." Washu told them.

With that said Tenchi and Usagi headed back to the shrine and left Funahu with 
the self-proclaimed super genius.

Washu waited until the Misaki siblings were well out of earshot before 
addressing Funahu.

"I know why you have come Lady Funahu." Washu said to the empress.

Funahu got a smile on her face and made her reply to Washu's statement.

"Please call me Little Funahu." Funahu replied trying not to laugh.

Washu got a heaven help me look on her face and looked up towards the sky in 
defeat.

"Don't tell me Mihoshi put that in her report." The super genius said.

"Mihoshi's report was thorough." Funahu told her.

Washu and Funahu began walking towards the house.  Putting her hands behind her 
head Washu addressed Funahu getting right to the point of the visit.

"So you've come here because of Ryoko and the gems haven't you." Washu said.

"That and Tenchi and Usagi." Funahu replied.

Washu stopped and turned to face Funahu.

"You want to know if I'll build another Ryoko is that it?" Washu began, "No I 
will not build another Ryoko.  I have achieved what I wanted when I made her.  I 
do not see a need to make another."

Funahu gave out a small sigh of relief when she heard this.

"That is good to hear." Funahu said.

********

Tenchi, Usagi, the cats, and the Senshi returned to the Misaki house to see 
Ayeaka, Sasami, and their mother outside the house with Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki.  The 
cabbit was still in her humanoid form and was playing with Sasami while Ayeaka 
and Misaki watched.  Upon seeing the scene before them Tenchi couldn't help but 
smile.  In the short time he had known them Tenchi had grown quite fond of the 
young princess and the cabbit treating them like little sisters.

As they continued to watch Sasami and Ryo-Ohki a large spaceship appeared 
overhead.  The Senshi pulled out their henshin rods prepared to transform in 
case anything should attack the house.  Misaki looked up at the spaceship and 
smiled while Ayeaka got a worried look on her face.  Tenchi and Usagi had some 
idea where the ship was from but still stared in awe at its size.  The ship 
resembled Ayeaka's Ryu-oh in design but was clearly ten times lager.

Watching the ship the group assembled outside the Misaki house saw a sphere of 
light descend from the ship.  The glowing sphere touched the ground and 
disappeared revealing itself to be a transport pod for the ship.  The passenger 
in the pod was a male dressed in white and dark blue ornate robes.  His hair was 
black and long like Ayeaka's and was pulled back into a single long pigtail.  
Upon his face was a long beard that was separated into two pigtails.  His dark 
eyes showed great power and a commanding soul.  The Senshi watched his actions 
wearily waiting for something to happen.

Ayeaka was the first one to make a move.  Sighing softly she mustered up all the 
courage she had and addressed the man standing before them.

"Hello father." Ayeaka said.

"Ayeaka, Sasami I've come to take you home." He told her.

Upon hearing the man in front of them was Ayeaka's father the Senshi relaxed and 
watched what was about to unfold.  Tenchi and Usagi just watched in disbelief 
for the man that Ayeaka called father had to have been their great grandfather.

"But I'd rather stay here with Tenchi father." Ayeaka said.

Ayeaka's father became enraged when he heard his eldest daughter's decision.

"You want to stay here with one of those Earthlings?" he questioned her.

It was at that point that Washu and Funahu arrived at the house.  Upon hearing 
what her husband had said Funahu let her own two cents be known.

"You seem to forget that I am one of those Earthlings." Funahu said in her calm 
gentle voice.

Turning to his first wife Azusa commented on her statement.

"You are a special case." He told her.

Before he could address his daughter once more Azusa soon found himself face to 
face with Ryo-Ohki who had decided to greet him in her own special way.  
Standing before the mighty Emperor of Jurai Ryo-Ohki went into her Twinkle 
Twinkle routine.  When she was finished Azusa just stared at her with a blank 
look upon his face.  Not knowing what to do Ryo-Ohki repeated the number.  When 
she finished her dance the second time Azusa was completely confused and at a 
loss of words.

"W-w-what is the meaning of this?" he said not fully understanding the cabbit 
was more like a four year old girl than a spaceship.

Upon hearing the words Azusa spoke to her Ryo-Ohki began to cry.

Funahu bent down and addressed the little cabbit.  Pulling out a handkerchief 
Funahu began drying Ryo-Ohki's eyes comforting her.

"There, there.  That was one of the best dances I've ever seen.  You're such a 
little trooper.  Wouldn't you agree?" Funahu said to her husband.

Azusa knew when he was beaten and just sighed.

"I've never seen anything like before." He said to Ryo-Ohki.

The little cabbit perked right up and ran over to where Tenchi and the others 
were standing.  Jumping into Tenchi's arms Ryo-Ohki smiled triumphantly getting 
a smile in return from Tenchi.

"See they really liked it." He said.

"Yeah you did great." Usagi added.

With the cabbit's performance over Azusa returned to the subject at hand, 
returning his daughters home to Jurai for Ayeaka's wedding.

"Ayeaka it is time you married." Azusa announced, "I have chosen for you the 
perfect husband."

Ayeaka was shocked to hear her father had gone and chosen a husband for her.

"What!  But I wish to remain here with Lord Tenchi and his family." Ayeaka 
protested.

Azusa glared at Tenchi for a moment before responding to his daughter's remark.

"Fine then if that's the way you want it Tenchi shall duel against the man I 
have chosen for you.  Whoever wins shall have your hand.  But I must warn you 
Seriyu is one of the best swordsman around." Azusa told them.
Ayeaka looked at Tenchi with pleading eyes.  If she was to continue to have her 
freedom then not only did Tenchi need to duel Seriyu, he needed to win.

Like Azusa Seriyu floated down to Earth in a bubble of light.  When the bubble 
faded the member of the Misaki house and their guests got their first look at 
the man Azusa deemed worthy enough to marry Ayeaka.  Seriyu had lightly tanned 
skin with baby blue eyes and pink hair pulled back into a ponytail.  The long 
robes he wore were pink and blue with yellow accents and some well placed 
puffballs near the shoulders.  Seriyu wore a thin dark pink headband on his 
forehead and carried a small feathered fan in his gloved hands that was 
currently covering his face.  Putting on snooty airs Seriyu addressed the group.

"Oh the fair Princess Ayeaka and the fair Princess Sasami do not worry for I 
shall rescue you from this awful place." He said as he closed his fan and used 
it to emphasize their surroundings.

"Tenchi I know you will win." Ayeaka commented.

One look at the man before them and Ryoko couldn't help but comment on the 
situation.

"Tenchi you don't have to fight this guy.  Let Ayeaka go with him and we can be 
happy together." Ryoko said as she put her arms around Tenchi.

It was at that point that Funahu walked over to Tenchi and Ryoko and pulled out 
a slip of paper holding it in front of the former space pirate.

"What's this?" Ryoko asked letting go of Tenchi.

"Oh this it's just a bill for all the damage you caused." Funahu said as though 
it was no big deal.

Funahu then began to strike a deal with Ryoko.

"If Tenchi defeats Seriyu then we can forget all about your bill." Funahu told 
her.

Hearing she would be free of debt if Tenchi won Ryoko got a sappy look on her 
face and turned to face one of Tsunami's chosen champions.

"Tenchi I know you will win the duel just to free me of my debts." She said 
sounding helpless.

Tenchi let out a heavy sigh knowing Ayeaka and Ryoko had him beat.  There was 
nothing he could do to back out of the duel now.

As Tenchi and Seriyu prepared for their duel the other members of the Misaki 
home made themselves comfortable on the front porch.  Sasami, playing the proper 
hostess, had popped some corn and was passing out drinks and other snacks to the 
spectators.  After receiving her popcorn Misaki walked over to Azusa and tried 
to get him to join them on the porch.

"Why don't you come and sit with us." Misaki said as she dug into the popcorn.

"No." Azusa replied.

"Oh well." Misaki commented before returning to her seat.

Tenchi and Seriyu were ready to begin their duel.  Seriyu held his blade ready 
to strike while Tenchi clutched onto the Tenchikin prepared to defend himself.  
Seriyu looked at Tenchi rather smugly as though he knew he would win.

"You know you really don't stand a chance against me.  I am one of the best 
swordsman on all of Jurai." Seriyu said as though he were trying to impress 
someone.

But before Tenchi could respond to Seriyu's remark or get the duel underway 
something happened.  Tenchi noticed a small flash in the sky over the shrine 
lake.  He knew what was going to happen and braced himself for the inevitable.

Tenchi wasn't the only one to notice the flash in the sky.  Usagi was alerted 
skyward by Funahu and looked up to see the flash seconds after Tenchi.  Usagi 
knew immediately someone was about to crash into the lake.  Looking over to 
Sasami Usagi said the four words that warned of the impending event.

"Sasami umbrellas and hurry." She said.

Sasami nodded and ran into the house to gather as many umbrellas as she could 
find.

********

The flash in the sky that prompted the gathering of umbrellas was in reality 
Mihoshi's shuttle Yukinojo.  The shuttle was falling at a rapid pace and the on 
board computer was not too happy about their current rate of decent.

"Mihoshi we seem to be falling at a rapid pace.  Please deploy breaking 
thrusters now." He said.

"Don't worry we'll just let the landing beacon guide us in." Mihoshi told him.

If computers had feelings Yukinojo would sigh in exasperation and wonder what to 
do with his pilot.  But since computers don't have feelings Yukinojo simply 
reminded Mihoshi of the one major difference between Earth and the other 
inhabited planets in the galaxy, it lacked the landing beacon.

"Mihoshi you seemed to have forgotten Earth doesn't have a landing beacon." He 
reminded her.

"Oh yeah." Mihoshi replied as the realization sunk in.

When the realization hit Mihoshi went from carefree to panic-stricken.

"Oh no!" she said.

But it was too late to do anything and Mihoshi just hoped and prayed she would 
land in the lake.

********

Sasami returned from the house with the aforementioned umbrellas.  Handing an 
elegant bamboo umbrella to her father first Sasami them preceded to hand out the 
rest of the umbrellas making certain her mother and Funahu each had their own.  
The Senshi were a bit confused as to why they needed umbrellas on a sunny day.  
But when they saw Usagi and her great grandmother opening their umbrellas the 
Senshi followed suit.

Looking skyward everyone could now see what had prompted Usagi to tell Sasami to 
get the umbrellas.  There descending from the sky at a rapid pace was a small 
white shuttle in an odd design.  The Senshi not having seen the shuttle before 
didn't know what to make of it.  But the members of the Misaki house knew 
exactly who was flying the shuttle Detective First Class Mihoshi.

Mihoshi's shuttle hit the water sending a plume of water high into the sky.  The 
resulting waves from the splashdown swept Seriyu off the dock leaving him 
floating in the lake.  The umbrellas Sasami had passed out came in handy as the 
water from the splashdown began falling in a downpour.

Mihoshi climbed onto the dock sobbing.  Her uniform was soaked and Yukinojo was 
going to need major repairs again.

"Washu I broke my ship again." Mihoshi said between wails

********

Azusa, Funahu, and Misaki stood before the full compliment of the residents of 
the Misaki house.  Azusa was not too pleased his eldest daughter was going to 
stay on Earth but that was her decision and beside that Tenchi had won the duel 
even if it was by default.  Looking over to Sasami Azusa asked his youngest 
child if she wished to return home with him.

"Sasami do you wish return home?" Azusa asked her.

"If I go who's gonna cook for them." Sasami replied.

Makoto prepared to volunteer for the job but the moment she opened her mouth to 
say something Minako's hand covered her mouth.  The Senshi of Love gave the 
thunder Senshi a look that told her not to get involved in Usagi's family 
business.

Azusa knew where his daughter's heart was.  If she wanted to stay and help 
Tenchi take care of the house then he wasn't going to stop her.  She was still 
young and had plenty of time before she would have to start thinking about her 
royal duties.

"If that is what you want then I will not try and stop you." He said.

With that Misaki and Funahu said their good-byes to their children and great 
grandchildren.  Misaki pulled both Ayeaka and Ryoko into a big group hug and 
began crying her tears of joy once again.  Upon seeing Misaki cry Mihoshi began 
crying as well.

"Goodbye my little Ayeaka, little Ryoko.  I'll miss you." Misaki said.

Funahu addressed her great grandchildren.

"Tenchi, Usagi it was a pleasure getting to meet both of you.  I look forward to 
seeing you both again one day." Funahu said to the Misaki siblings.

"I hope you're able to return too." Tenchi replied formally.

"Yeah I'd like to see you again too." Usagi added with a smile.

Turning to head towards his ship Azusa said one final comment that was now 
directed towards his son Yosho who was standing off to one side of the group.

"Yosho I trust you will watch over your sisters and keep them safe." Azusa said.

"Don't worry Tenchi will protect them." Yosho told his father.

With that Azusa, Funahu, and Misaki returned to their ships.

The three ships left Earth's atmosphere and began their return to Jurai.

********

Hours after their departure Misaki and Funahu sat on board their husband's ship 
talking about their visit to their children.

"You know sister we must try and stay longer the next time visit them." Misaki 
said.

********

It should be assumed whenever I mentioned the Senshi I was including Mamoru in 
the general group.  Don't worry we'll have some action coming up in the next 
episode.  The next episode will finally complete the mission that has taken two 
years to complete.  How you may ask well let's just say it has something to do 
with Tokimi, a demon, and a certain octopus haired doctor that wants revenge on 
Washu.

Thanks to all of you who reviewed my story and to those of you who not only made 
this one of their favorite stories but made me one of your favorite authors too.  
Keep those reviews coming.  Also please check out my Tenchi and Usagi Muyo 
folder in the Sailor Moon discussion section and contribute to the 
conversations.  Your opinions matter and actually help make the story I write 
better.
