Kiyone Makibi First Class Galaxy Police Detective had received word from Prime Center that she was going to be given the case of a lifetime.  Kiyone was going to be assigned to the most high profile case the Galaxy police had in years the hostage situation on Jurai.  Normally Kiyone would be happy to receive such an important case but when she learned she would be getting a partner Kiyone began to curse the gods for cursing her with bad luck.  The partner Prime Center was sending her was the partner she had so desperately tried to get away from Mihoshi Kuramitsu.

Kiyone had just learned she was to head back to Prime Center to not only meet up with Mihoshi but with a group of travelers Mihoshi was escorting that included members of the Jurai Royal Family.  Kiyone was never one to go against orders handed down from her detective sergeant but when Mihoshi was involved Kiyone felt like going AWOL.  Kiyone didn't hate the granddaughter of the GP commissioner she just didn't want to be her partner.  Because whenever Mihoshi was on a case it was more than certain that both she and her partner would have a good chunk of their paycheck docked to cover the cost of all the damage she caused.  And as of right now Kiyone was not even halfway to earning back what Mihoshi had cost her in their two years together as partners.

"Mihoshi I swear if I get demoted because of this mission I'm holding you responsible." Kiyone said to no one in particular.

No Kiyone Makibi was not looking forward to seeing Mihoshi Kuramitsu again.

********

Tenchi and Usagi Muyo
Episode Eight: Prime Center

********

Prime Center was a very large space station that floated above an Earth like planet.  The technology behind the building that housed the headquarters of the Galaxy Police was light years ahead of the technology held by the most technologically advanced country on the Earth.  In comparison the space station being constructed at that exact same moment over Earth could be compared to Prime Center like a Coleeco to a Pentium four PC it was that far behind.  It was no wonder the other races in the galaxy considered Earth to be a backwater planet.  To them it would be like a person from a big city going to the poorest town in the country.

Because Earth was so far behind the other planets in the galaxy no one visited the planet to set up relations with the humans who lived there.  And because no one went there it was the perfect place to hide away from the rest of galaxy.  This was the main reason Yosho the former crowned prince of Jurai had chosen to go to the place of his mother's birth seven hundred years ago.  And it was for that very reason Yosho's two half sisters decided to stay with him and his family.

Prime Center was like a sparkling jewel against the star filled blanket known as space.  And as the patrol ship filled with passengers docked the small group who had never been farther than the moon stared at the large station in sheer amazement.  In all their known years they had never seen anything like this before in their lives.  Some members in the group were amazed by the sheer size of the station while one person just thought of all the things mankind could learn from the other races in the Galaxy.

"You know Earth wouldn't be such a backwater little hole if that witch..." Washu began softly but stopped before finishing her sentence.

The dark pink haired scientist began to wonder where that thought had come from.  Never in her known existence had she ever thought about what might have been on the planet known as Earth.  The self-proclaimed greatest genius ever could never remember anything before she was "born" twenty thousand years ago.  Looking over at Usagi Washu could feel as though she were connected to the younger of the Misaki siblings in some way.  A way this trip to Jurai would soon explain.

"Welcome to Prime Center home of the Galaxy Police headquarters." Mihoshi said getting everyone's attention, "We'll be finished docking soon and then I'll introduce you to my grandfather."

********

Fear was the only thing Misaki felt.  The usual sudden and severe swings between complete euphoria and violent anger that made Misaki who she was were pushed aside.  For the first time in seven hundred years Misaki was afraid.  The last time Misaki felt fear was when Ryoko had first attacked the planet Jurai.  During the onslaught of laser fire upon the palace from Ryo-Ohki Sasami had wandered off and went into the room that housed the sacred trees that served as the nerve centers for the Jurian space ships.  And with the palace in an uproar the young Misaki feared for her daughter's life.

Misaki looked at the last picture of her with her daughters on her dressing table and prayed a silent prayer to Tsunami they were alright.  As long as they were with Yosho and his grandchildren nothing could possibly happen to them.  Misaki didn't know what her captor had planned for her, Azusa, and Funahu but she hoped those plans wouldn't involve her daughters in any way.

"Please Tsunami make certain my girls are safe from harm." Misaki prayed aloud.

Misaki's prayer held a hint of irony for the goddess her people looked to for guidance and protection had in reality become a part of her youngest daughter the day of Ryoko's attack.  And if Misaki were allowed to go into the other parts of the palace she would see that both her husband and her soul sister were terrified and praying to the goddess as well.

Looking back at the photo on her dressing table Misaki talked to the girls who were light years away from her.

"Ayeaka, Sasami please promise me you won't try and do anything stupid." She said.

********

The commissioner of the Galaxy Police had dealt with hosting large groups before but that was for parties he and wife had.  Not since his youngest daughter had her last slumber party when she was eleven did he have a large group like this in his house overnight and that was all girls.  This time he was hosting royalty.  This time he was hosting the Crown Princess of Jurai and her sister Princess Sasami.

Mihoshi disembarked Yukinojo with a smile on her face and ran up to her grandfather smothering him in the biggest hug she had ever given him.  The commissioner's face became as red as a beat as he tried very hard to breath.  Mihoshi's passengers tried their hardest not to laugh when they saw the scene unfold before their eyes.

"Mihoshi...can't... breath." Her grandfather gasped out.

Mihoshi blushed and let her grandfather go.

"Oops sorry grandpa I guess sometimes I don't know my own strength." Mihoshi apologized.

"That's quite alright.  Now then aren't you going to introduce me to all your friends." He replied.

Mihoshi turned to face the group and get the introductions underway.

"Everyone I'd like you to meet my grandfather Hitoshi Kuramitsu commissioner of the Galaxy Police." Mihoshi began, "Grandpa this is everyone.  But seriously I'd like you to meet the princesses Ayeaka and Sasami from Jurai.  Over there on the left is their half brother Yosho, his son-in-law Nobuyuki Misaki, and his grandchildren Tenchi and Usagi.  Next to them is Luna Usagi's feline companion and Mamoru Chiba friend and ally of the Sailor Senshi.  The Senshi are the four girls in the middle Ami Mizuno, Rei Hino, Minako Aino, and Makoto Kino.  The white cat on Minako's shoulder is Artimes her feline companion.  And finally on the right is the genius Washu, the former demon Ryoko, and the cute little cabbit Ryo-Ohki."

Hitoshi looked at the group behind his granddaughter and blinked in amazement.  Before him stood royalty, a former demon, a genius, a goddess's champion, female warriors, Earth's protector, a shrine priest, a cabbit, talking cats, and an ordinary human man.  The first thought on the commissioner's mind was how the group was able to all fit comfortably inside Yukinojo.  But that thought was quickly pushed aside when Hitoshi returned his focus to the situation at hand, the crisis on the planet Jurai.

"Mihoshi before you go and show your companions around the station I'm going to need to discuss a few things with you and the princesses about the latest developments from Jurai." He said.

"Okay but whatever you have to say to Ayeaka, Sasami, and me can be said to everyone here.  You see a few things happened since my last report was made and now everyone here is involved in this situation in one way or another." Mihoshi replied.

Hitoshi thought about what Mihoshi had said and decided to hold the impromptu meeting in the briefing room instead of his office.

"Alright then why don't we head to the briefing room." he said.

********

The small red patrol ship pulled into the docking bay at Prime Center.  A large docking arm came out of the wall and attached itself to the side of the ship.  With a loud hiss and a cloud of steam the docking arm formed the necessary seal with the ship for a successful dock.  The main hatch on the patrol ship opened and a woman stepped out onto the docking plank.

The woman appeared to be no older than twenty-three years in age and wore the standard Galaxy Police uniform with an orange tie and matching headband.  On her hands she wore a pair of fingerless driving gloves.  The officer stood almost five feet seven inches tall and had long teal green hair that framed a proud looking face and dark blue eyes.  Strapped to her side in a small shoulder holster the officer carried the standard issue GP blaster and in a small case attached to her belt was a restraining device that looked and acted like a simple yo-yo.

Upon exiting the docking plank the officer walked over to the patrolman in charge and saluted.

"Excuse me sir but I was wondering if you could tell me if a Detective Mihoshi Kuramitsu arrived here yet?" she asked him.

The on duty patrolman glanced over a data pad containing a list of the latest arrivals to Prime Center and found Mihoshi's name on the list.

"Yes Detective Kuramitsu arrived here no more than an hour ago according to the docking records.  If I remember correctly the commissioner was waiting for her." He told her.

"Thank you." The officer said less than enthusiastically.

"It's all part of the job." The patrolman replied, "Oh and before you go I'll need your cube."

The officer pulled out a small pink cube and gave it a couple of twists before handing it to the patrolman.  The patrolman pushed a button on his data pad opening a slot the same size as the cube.  Placing the cube inside the slot the patrolman accessed its memory and watched as the ID file flashed on the screen.  When the file was properly downloaded into the pad the patrolman marked the officer's current status as being docked on Prime Center.  Once the update was complete the patrolman handed the cube back to the officer.

"You may leave now Detective Makibi." The patrolman said.

"Thank you sir." The detective replied with a salute.

With that First Class Detective Kiyone Makibi left the docking bay to go and prepare herself to face her worst nightmare, her former partner Mihoshi.

********

The briefing room was fairly large in size and was used by department heads to hand out patrol assignments to the officers each day.  The room contained a modest looking podium with a control pad and touch screen, a large view screen, a television hookup, and several tables with attached swivel chairs.  Hitoshi Kuramitsu took his place at the front of the briefing room behind the podium while Mihoshi and the others sat at the tables in pairs.  And after a few moments of preparation the commissioner of the Galaxy Police got the briefing underway.

"You're probably wondering why I needed to speak with you.  First off I wanted to update all of you on the situation on Jurai concerning Kagato.  Second, I wanted to discuss a few things with Mihoshi about this mission.  And lastly now that there are others involved I wanted to ask all of you a few questions." Hitoshi said to the gathered group.

Ayeaka, being the crown princess, was the first of the group to respond to what the commissioner had told them.

"What else do you have to add that the news report didn't already cover?" Ayeaka wondered.

"As you all know the Emperor of Jurai and his sister wives have been taken hostage by the space pirate Kagato.  That in itself is the truth but what we didn't mention in the press releases and the press conference was the suspicion that Kagato was brought back from the dead.  Mihoshi's report made it quite clear that Kagato had died when you encountered him.  Someone or something is tampering with the laws of nature by bringing him back to life." Hitoshi said.

As the commissioner told them the theory floating around the higher ups in the GP Washu knew her theory about Tokimi being involved was true.

"Hmm this is most definitely the work of Tokimi.  I know it couldn't have been Tsunami.  She would never do something like this." Washu said.

"If that's the case then we'll just have to make certain there's nothing left to bring back when we're through with him." Ryoko commented.

The commissioner gave the group a little smile before continuing with the briefing.

"I'm sure you'll be victorious.  And to ensure that victory I have asked the detective in charge of this case to work with you.  Her reaction upon hearing she would be working with you was, shall we say, and interesting one.  I'm sure you'll enjoy working with Detective Kiyone Makibi again Mihoshi." He told the assembled group.

Upon hearing that she would be working with her old partner once again Mihoshi got a huge smile on her face and clasped her hands together in delight.

"It'll be so great to see Kiyone again.  I can't wait for all of you to meet her." Mihoshi said.

"Yes it'll be good to see the best team in the entire Galaxy Police force working together again but try and make certain you don't blow up half of the galaxy in the process.  I don't think we can requisition anymore money to pay for the damages this time." Hitoshi told her.

Mihoshi's cheeks began to flush at her grandfather's comment and the detective let out a slight nervous chuckle at the memory of what had happened in the past.

"Don't worry grandpa I promise nothing out of the ordinary is going to happen." Mihoshi said.

"That's what I'm afraid of." Hitoshi replied with a slight chuckle and a smile.

********

First class detective Kiyone Makibi always remembered the incident that caused her to end her partnership with Mihoshi Kuramitsu.  It had been exactly one year and six months since the two had seen each other.  Kiyone had requested a transfer in order to get away from Mihoshi.  Kiyone had a pretty good salary at the time but her actual take home pay was a little less than half of what she was supposed to take home.  The pay stub listed it as an MM payment or a Mihoshi Mishap payment.  Every time the pair had a case Mihoshi would end up causing a lot of damage to government and public property as well as damaging a few patrol ships along the way.  By the time she left Mihoshi Kiyone owed a lot of money.

"I must be cursed.  Why Mihoshi?  Why now?  I don't think I can take it again.  My nerves are shot just thinking about it." Kiyone complained as she made her way to the commissioner's office.

Heading into one of the open view transport lifts Kiyone swallowed the knot in her throat and let out a heavy sigh before selecting her destination.

"Command deck." Kiyone told the elevator.

As the transport lift began heading towards the command deck Kiyone kept her eyes focused on the deck indicator panel above the lift doors.  Kiyone didn't have time to check out the open areas on each deck.  Her current case was weighing heavily on her mind.  Kiyone was the patrolman in charge of the Jurai cluster when the Emperor and his sister wives were taken hostage.  She was quite familiar with the situation on Jurai and knew what she and Mihoshi would run into when they reached the planet Jurai.

I just hope the princesses let the professionals handle this situation, Kiyone thought.

When the lift had reached its destination Kiyone got off and walked down the long hall to the commissioner's office.  Upon reaching the office Kiyone addressed the receptionist outside the office.

"First Class Detective Kiyone Makibi here to see Commissioner Kuramitsu." Kiyone said.

The receptionist looked up from her paperwork and addressed Kiyone.

"I'm sorry Detective Makibi but the commissioner is in a briefing with Detective Kuramitsu and some representatives from Jurai.  Please wait her until the commissioner returns." The receptionist replied.

With a small sigh Kiyone took a seat outside the commissioner's office to wait for his return.  And as Kiyone waited for the commissioner she thought back to the first time she had met First Class Detective Mihoshi Kuramitsu.

********

For years the accomplishments of the Kuramitsu family became legendary throughout the entire Galaxy Police force.  Every member of the Kuramitsu family was connected to the Galaxy Police in one form or another.  In fact, the current commissioner of the Galaxy Police happened to be the head of the Kuramitsu family and it was considered an honor and a privilege to be partnered up with a member of the Kuramitsu family.  Most of the members of the force would give their eye tooth just to be partnered with one of the infamous Kuramitsus.

The new class of detectives was considered to be one of the best classes ever.  Each patrolman who was given the promotion to detective was considered to be the best in their respective squads.  And for Kiyone Makibi it was the opportunity of a lifetime.  Kiyone was considered to be one of the top five officers on the force.  She had graduated third in her class at the academy and received more conduct medals than anyone else in her squad.  It was only natural that she be promoted to First Class Detective.  And on this day not only would Kiyone receive her detective's badge but she would receive her partner too.

The room was packed full of newly promoted detectives from all over the galaxy.  There were people from Kiyone's home world and from the planet that Prime Center orbited.  There were even members of races Kiyone had not seen before attending the GP academy.  After a few minutes of waiting a stately looking gentleman walked into the room to address the new detectives.  The grey haired man had a matching beard and blue eyes and well tanned skin.  He was wearing the uniform of one of the commanding officers of the Galaxy Police.  It was obvious he was one of the GP elite.

The older man did not come into the room alone.  Following closely behind the high ranking officer was a young woman with the same tanned skin and blue eyes and blonde hair.  It was obvious to anyone that saw her she was quite the knockout with her well toned body.  The young woman wore the standard detective's uniform and had a white puff placed upon her left hip.  On her right hip was a rather large looking energy pistol.  The firearm was much larger than the standard issue GP pistol.  In the hands of the young woman was a large data pad and on the table behind her were the badges for the newest batch of detectives in the Galaxy Police.

"Good morning and welcome.  I am Commissioner Hitoshi Kuramitsu commanding officer of the Galaxy Police.  You are here today because each of you have met the qualifications to be promoted to the rank of detective." The commissioner began, "After long hours of hard work and dedication to the force each of you became candidates for the rank of detective.  You were among hundreds of worthy candidates but you stood above everyone else as those individuals who have what it takes to become a first class detective in the Galaxy Police force.  And so today you will be given the rank of Detective First Class.  You will also be given your partner assignments.  Your partners will be detectives with experience on the force.  Learn from them for they have many things to teach you from their years of experience.  And now my lovely assistant Detective First Class Mihoshi Kuramitsu will call each of you up to receive your badges and partner assignments."

Everyone looked over to the blonde at the front of the room and saw she had a slight reddish hue on her cheeks.  Mihoshi was the first female member of the Kuramitsu family to ever become a detective.  The newly commissioned detectives wondered who was going to be the luck person to be partnered with her if she was available.

One by one Mihoshi called out the names of the new detectives until she reached the Ms.  This years batch of detectives with last names starting with M was only one and once the last person in the Ls was called to the front of the room Kiyone knew her turn was about to come.

"Kiyone Makibi." Mihoshi read from the data pad.

Kiyone got up from her seat and made her way to the front of the room.  She then walked over to Mihoshi who had a huge smile on her face and handed her a rectangular badge with the markings for Detective First Class on it and a manila envelope with her name on it.  After that she then held out her hand to shake Kiyone's and congratulate the new detective.

"Congratulations Detective Makibi." Mihoshi said with a big smile as she shook Kiyone's hand.

"Thank you Detective Kuramitsu." Kiyone replied.

With that she then moved on to shake the hand of the commissioner.

"Congratulations detective." The commissioner said as they shook hands.

"Thank you sir, it's a real honor for me to be given this chance." She replied before saluting him.

After returning to her seat Kiyone watched as the rest of the new detectives were called forth and given their badges and partner assignments.  When the last person had taken their seat once again the commissioner said a few last words.

"Congratulations to all of you.  The envelopes you received today contain your partner assignment.  I want you to spend the rest of the day getting to know your new partner.  It's not required that you become instant friends with them but it is helpful if you know a bit about how they work.  Dismissed." The commissioner said to the group.

With that the new detectives stood up and began to go over to people they knew and open their envelopes.  Everyone wanted to know who would be getting the partner of a lifetime, a member of the Kuramitsu family.  And as the friendly chatter continued Kiyone spotted her friend Mitsuki.

"So Mitsuki did you get paired up with anyone interesting?" Kiyone asked the red head.

"Yeah I got a ten year veteran who is stationed right here in Prime Center.  It says here he is the resident officer for this star system.  Looks like I won't have to travel far from home.  So what about you?" Mitsuki replied with a smile.

"I haven't opened it yet." Kiyone said.

"Well what are you waiting for a written invitation?" Mitsuki asked her.

"No just nervous is all." Kiyone told her.

With a small nervous sigh Kiyone opened the envelope and pulled out an official GP piece of letterhead.  Looking at the paper Kiyone's eyes went wide in excitement.  Then she glanced around the room and saw her still standing at the front of the room near the table that held the badges and envelopes.  Kiyone was paired with the granddaughter of the commissioner of the Galaxy Police.

"Well what does it say?" Mitsuki wanted to know.

Kiyone skimmed past the welcoming paragraph and went straight to the partner assignment.

"You have been assigned to a partner who was at the top of her class in the academy.  A four year veteran of the Galaxy Police Mihoshi Kuramitsu was one of the youngest people to ever enter the GP Academy.  After only two years of service Detective Kuramitsu was promoted to the rank of Detective First Class.  Mihoshi is considered to be one of the best detectives of her generation.  Detective Kuramitsu is currently a member of Special Investigations handling all manner of cases.  Your record over the past three years has proven to the commissioning council that you are ready to enter the SI forces.  And then it goes on from there to describe a little of what SI does." Kiyone said.

Kiyone looked up from her paper to see the rest of the group standing around her and Mitsuki listening intently as she read aloud who her partner would be.  Everyone including Mitsuki had looks of disbelief on their faces after hearing she would be assigned to the newest Kuramitsu detective.  In their eyes Kiyone was given the dream assignment, a member of the SI and partner to Mihoshi Kuramitsu.

Mihoshi decided to go introduce herself to her new partner.  And while it was true that Kiyone was older than Mihoshi by a year it was Mihoshi who would be the senior member of the pair.  Standing near the group Mihoshi cleared her throat to get Kiyone's attention.  When the group heard the gentle noise from Mihoshi they stepped out of the way to allow her to speak with Kiyone.

"Hi I'm Mihoshi Kuramitsu and it looks like you're my new partner." Mihoshi said with a big goofy grin plastered on her face.

"Yeah looks like it.  By the way I'm Kiyone Makibi." Kiyone replied offering her hand.

Mihoshi took Kiyone's hand and shook it keeping the grin on her face.

"I'm not like the other detectives who are all business all the time.  Nope I actually enjoy having fun.  And I know you'll like being my partner." Mihoshi said.

"Yeah I can already tell this is going to be my most interesting assignment ever." Kiyone replied.

Little did Kiyone realize how prophetic her statement would turn out to be.  The time she spent with Mihoshi while frustrating at times did turn out to be one of her most interesting assignments to date.

********

Mamoru and the Senshi sat and listened to the discussion taking place between the commissioner and Usagi and her family and friends.  As the discussion progressed the Senshi and the Earth Prince began to realize the severity of the situation.  The future of an entire planet rested in the hands of a collection of alien women and a young boy.  Mamoru wasn't certain if they would be able to win against the power of a goddess.  The Senshi couldn't do much individually and Mamoru wasn't certain if he would make any difference.  The Earth Prince was brought out of his thoughts when the commissioner began questioning the lunar felines and the Senshi.

"Young man my granddaughter tells me you and your four companions have become connected to the incident on Jurai.  How is it that this came to pass?" Hitoshi asked Mamoru.

"Sir, as you may or may not be aware Misaki-san's granddaughter Usagi is the Senshi known as Sailor Moon.  Now I'm not certain what Mihoshi has told you about her stay on Earth but my friends and I had been searching for two years for their princess.  Our search brought us to a city on Earth called Okayama.  In our possession were seven crystals each one representing a different color of the rainbow.  These crystals were each part of a greater crystal that could only be used by the princess.  To make a long story short we found out that Misaki-san's granddaughter was the reincarnated princess they were looking for.  And because they are her Senshi and I am their ally and romantically involved with the princess we joined your granddaughter, the Misaki family, and their friends on their journey to Jurai." Mamoru explained to the commissioner.

The commissioner was intrigued by what Mamoru had said and wondered what kingdom Usagi was the princess of.  Hitoshi decided to pose his next question to Ami who, like Washu, was taking thorough notes on her computer.

"Miss Mizuno I believe.  Tell me what world is it that your princess hails from?  And in what star system is it located in?" he asked her.

Ami stopped typing away on her computer and looked the commissioner in the face seeing nothing but great curiosity before answering his inquiry.

"Well sir according to what Artimes has told us our princess is the heir to the great Silver Alliance of the Silver Millennium and the throne of the Moon Kingdom.  Her Kingdom was once located on the moon that orbits above the Earth in the Sol System." Ami told him.

"But isn't the Earth classified by the Jurian government as a backwater planet with no real technological advances?" Hitoshi wondered.

Ayeaka having more knowledge on the subject of Jurai's current relations with other planets decided to answer that particular question.

"That is correct commissioner.  Although Jurai and the Earth did have relations at one point but I'm not certain why they ended." Ayeaka commented.

"That's what I was wondering myself Princess Ayeaka.  Would any of you care to shed some light on the subject." The commissioner said.

The room quickly fell silent.  The Senshi and Mamoru looked over to Artimes because he had more knowledge of the subject than they did.  But much to their surprise it was Luna and not Artimes who finally broke the silence in the room satisfying the commissioner's curiosity.

"Commissioner Kuramitsu to answer your questions about the Moon Kingdom it was indeed the seat of the Silver Alliance and the ruling house of the Silver Millennium but that all came to an abrupt end when the Moon Kingdom was viciously attacked by forces from one of the lesser kingdoms on Earth calling themselves the Dark Kingdom.  And as near as I can remember our queen Serenity sent the souls of her daughter and all the fallen warriors of the Moon Kingdom to the future so they might have a chance at a rich and full life.  It was the final act of her long and illustrious life.  And it seems logical that the fall of the Silver Alliance would have a direct effect on the Earth since the forces of the Dark Kingdom had control of almost the entire planet by the end." Luna explained.

"And the Senshi, their princess, and the Earth Prince are all that remains of the once great Silver Alliance." Artimes added.

"That would explain why relations between Jurai and the Earth were severed.  Whatever technology the Earth once possessed that made relations with Jurai possible must have been destroyed during the war that ended your Silver Alliance." The commissioner speculated.

Hitoshi figured he had enough information to supplement the report Mihoshi had sent him and decided to end the impromptu meeting.  He still needed to meet with Kiyone and do a bit of damage control before he paired her with Mihoshi again.  The Galaxy Police commissioner could never quite figure out why one of the best partnerships on the force had failed the way it did.  Hopefully this mission would bring back the bond Mihoshi and Kiyone shared when they were first paired together.

"I think I have all the information I need.  Besides the detective in charge of this case should be here by now and is probably waiting for me outside my office.  Why don't you take your guests to the commissary for a bite to eat Mihoshi and I'll send Kiyone on down to you." Hitoshi said.

"Okay grandpa." Mihoshi replied.

********

The young woman dressed in a simple outfit consisting of a dark blue tunic, matching knee length shorts, black boots, and hooded cloak headed towards the docking bay of the space station.  At her side half hidden by the cloak was an electro stun epee the only weapon she carried.  By her feet was a larger than normal dusty colored animal that resembled Ryo-Ohki with a dark green collar around its neck.  And as the pair headed towards the docking bay the woman would occasionally talk to the small furry animal.

"You know out of all the people I've gone after she's the only one I can't seem to bring in." the young woman said, "After seven hundred years of waiting I'll finally get another chance at her."

"Cha?" the cat sized rabbit replied in a questioning tone.

"I forget you weren't around back then.  It's been what fifteen years since the old man gave you to me.  He called you a birthday present.  But how can you celebrate something that never really happened?  I have no birthday.  That day just reminds me of what I really am." The woman replied.

The animal could tell the subject of how the pair came to be was a sore spot for the young woman and rubbed up against her leg.  In a manner of speaking Dr. Clay was considered the young woman's father because he passed his DNA down to her.  But she didn't have a true mother.  The young woman's conception was a part of Dr. Clay's greatest experiment.  And so she considered the day she first stepped into the outside world a sore reminder of what she truly was.

"I bet she doesn't feel this way about her existence.  At least she has a mother." The young woman idly commented to her companion.

By the time the pair reached the docking bay the young woman noticed Dr. Clay waiting for her.

"Come to see us off father?" the young woman asked emphasizing the last word with a sneer.

"You know we don't get to see each other as much as we used to.  You my dear are my greatest accomplishment.  I just wanted to wish you luck on your journey." Clay replied.

"Well now that you've said your piece you can disappear once more and go play with your robots.  I swear you love them more than you love me." She said.

"Nonsense how could I not love my own flesh and blood.  True my work does keep me away from you but I think about you every day.  Was it not my love and guidance that made you into the woman you are today?" the doctor reasoned.

"I've been doing just fine without that love and guidance old man.  Now if you'll excuse us Ken-Ohki and I have a pair of pirates to track down." The young woman told him.

With that said Ken-Ohki, the young woman's companion, rushed to the edge of the docking platform and jumped into the air performing a flip.  In the middle of the flip the sandy colored cabbit began to change shape turning into a large spiky space pod.  The young woman headed towards the ship and was beamed on board without even so much as a goodbye to the man who breathed life into her.

Moments after the young woman was beamed aboard the ship took off leaving the station's docking bay.  As the ship pulled away from the space station the good doctor let a sinister smirk cross his scarred yet wizened face.

"Soon Washu my child will take your greatest accomplishment away from you and I shall have my revenge." Clay said with a sneer.

********

Hitoshi stepped off the lift to be greeted by the smiling face of his receptionist.  The waiting area outside his office was cheerfully decorated partially to reflect the taste of its primary occupant and partially to ease the worried minds of the officers and detectives who waited to see the commissioner.  The potted plants and landscape paintings made the waiting area look just like any other waiting area in the galaxy.  And as the commissioner walked over to the receptionist's desk he returned her smile.

"Any messages for me Miko?" he asked his receptionist as he looked out the corner of his eye.

"No sir I have no messages for you at this time." Miko replied.

It was then out of the corner of his eye Hitoshi saw the young detective quickly stand up and snap to attention with a salute.  Commissioner Kuramitsu turned to face the detective with a smile and a small salute that said her actions weren't really necessary.

"You needn't be so formal with me Detective Makibi." Hitoshi told her.

"Force of habit sir." Kiyone explained as she moved to a more relaxed position.

"Now then shall we go into my office?" Hitoshi offered.

"Yes sir." Kiyone replied as she moved to stand near the commissioner.

"Miko please hold my calls until I finish with Detective Makibi." He then said.

"Of course commissioner." Miko replied.

With that the pair went into the office located just behind the receptionist's desk.

The commissioner's office was the picture of masculinity.  The desk was made of a dark grain wood with a simple carved designed on the legs.  On one wall was a flat screen monitor that not only served as his communications device but was also useful for projecting pictures and images.  Embedded in the desktop was a control panel that obviously worked the monitor.  Behind the desk was a large window that offered a view of the vast space outside the station with the planet below.  On the wall opposite the monitor was a simple framed photograph of the commissioner with his wife, children, and grandchildren.  And on either side of the desk were three matching chairs with the same dark wood and carved design and a leather cover dyed in a dark almost black green.

Commissioner Kuramitsu and Detective Makibi each took a seat on either side of the desk.  Placing her hands in her lap Kiyone waited for the commissioner to initiate the conversation.

"Now then Kiyone as you know I have decided to assign Mihoshi to assist you on the Jurai case.  As you may or may not know Mihoshi has been spending the last six months on Earth in the company of the princesses of Jurai and their family on Earth.  And having dealt with the prime suspect in the case before I feel Mihoshi is the best qualified to assist you on this case." Hitoshi said.

"I see sir but I have a feeling that's not all there is." Kiyone replied.

"You've guessed right Kiyone.  Mihoshi has come here with the princesses and several other individuals connected with the Jurai Royal Family in one way or another.  Several of them including the princesses' great niece and nephew are, shall we say, considered to be quite the warriors.  The females of the group possess amazing abilities along with a few of the males in the group." He told her.

"And I would be correct in assuming that they will be accompanying Mihoshi and me on our journey to Jurai." Kiyone said hoping the princesses wouldn't be that crazy.

"Once again you are correct.  Every one of them including the princesses expressed a desire to journey to Jurai and take on Kagato.  In fact, Prince Yosho's grandchildren have been blessed by Tsunami herself.  Each one possesses abilities unlike anything anyone has ever seen.  They should be helpful dealing with whatever Kagato has in store for the two of you." He explained.

"I see." Kiyone replied taking everything the commissioner had to tell her.

Kiyone knew she was going to have to work with Mihoshi on this case and she hoped that the presence of the emperor's children and great grandchildren would keep her in line.  Looking at the commissioner Kiyone could tell he wanted to discuss the incident that caused Kiyone to want to end the partnership with his granddaughter.  While it was true their record for bringing criminals was very good their record of reprimands was just as large.  Docking Mihoshi's pay to cover the damage expenses hadn't stopped the incidents she caused.  And the commissioner felt guilty about docking Kiyone's pay as well but he couldn't reprimand one without doing the same to the other.

"Detective Makibi I hope you and my granddaughter can reconcile any differences the two of you have on this case.  The two of you started out as such good friends and then something happened to change all of that.  Now I know it wasn't fair that you were reprimanded when Mihoshi was the cause of so many of those mishaps but GP procedures state that both members of the partnership must be reprimanded when one member goes against procedures or causes property damage.  That way it ensures the incident does not happen a second time.  But in your case that didn't seem to keep Mihoshi from making the same mistake twice.  I can see where that can get a little frustrating over time." The commissioner said.

"Yes it did sir but that was only part of the problem.  I don't think Mihoshi was ready to become a senior officer.  She never really was ready for the responsibilities of a leadership role.  That also played a major factor in ending our partnership.  But the biggest thing was getting blamed for something I didn't do.  After that incident I put in for my transfer." Kiyone replied.

Hitoshi took a moment to recall the incident Kiyone was referring to and remembered the distressed look on his granddaughter's face when she told him her detective sergeant wouldn't let her explain what really happened.  The explosion at the power plant on Orion Four did indeed turn out to be Mihoshi's fault but the detective sergeant was under the impression Kiyone was the cause of the incident.

"Mihoshi came to me after you were severely reprimanded by your detective sergeant and told me what happened.  She said she had tried several times to explain to him that she was the real cause of that explosion from an errant shot fired from Yagami.  But he thought she was trying to get you out of your punishment and take the blame herself and wouldn't listen to her.  Since the ship is registered under your name and it was your login code entered into the ship's computer at the time the shot was fired it looked as though you were the one who fired that shot." The commissioner explained to her.

Kiyone sat there a bit shocked at what she had heard.  All along she was under the impression that Mihoshi let her take the blame for the explosion and didn't try to clear up the situation with their detective sergeant at the time.  She had no idea Mihoshi had actually set things straight with the commissioner and the other high ranking officials in the GP.

"Looks like I'm going to have to apologize to her for the things I said to her after my demotion from first class status." Kiyone said.

"She and her companions are down in the main food court if you wish to go and meet them.  And just so you know your first class status was reinstated after Mihoshi set things right.  She on the other hand was taken off the SI force and placed on the vice squad which is how she got involved in the Kagato case in the first place." Hitoshi replied.

"Thank you sir, I'll head down there right away." Kiyone said as she got up to leave.

As Kiyone walked out of the office she heard the commissioner say one final thing.

"Don't worry Detective Makibi you have seniority on this case." He said to her retreating form.

********

The main food court on Prime Center was quite the sight.  The two story area was the size of a small shopping center and had food from all over the Jurai Cluster.  Foods that were the specialty of every planet in the Empire were represented.  Some foods were prepared in much the same way as dishes on Earth it was hard to tell the difference.  There were stir fried dishes, fajita styled dishes, wraps, sandwiches, noodle dishes, and even ice creams made from some exotic fruits, nuts, beans, and berries.

The center of the food court was lined with tables of all sizes in large clusters around the many pillars that dotted the food court.  Around each pillar were a series of large monitors that were constantly tuned into the Galactic News Network.  And since the channel never changed everyone thought the monitors came with only one channel.  They just didn't know the powers that be would not allow the GP officers to view any other channels.  It was their way of keeping everyone's mind on their work.

As the plucky little band of travelers from Earth sat at one of the larger tables in the main food court they watched the nearby monitors for any updates on the situation on Jurai.  In fact, the situation on Jurai was the only thing GNN was covering.  On the bottom of the screen a small news ticker displayed headlines from around the Jurai Cluster as well as the latest sound bites on the Jurai incident.  To the Earth born members of the group it was eerily reminiscent of the American cable news networks twenty four hour a day seven day a week coverage on the war taking place in Afghanistan.  Kagato was all they could talk about and at the moment an expert on space pirate activities was discussing his history with a host who was the Geraldo Rivera of Jurai Cluster.

"If it was possible for Kagato's last known associate the infamous demon bringer Ryoko to slip into Jurian space unnoticed then Kagato himself would have no trouble getting past Jurian security." The skinny looking humanoid said to the host.

"But the Jurian military didn't even have the planetary defense system they now have in place until after Ryoko nearly destroyed the imperial palace.  And that was seven hundred years ago." A man who was an expert on Jurian history argued.

"Bunch of blowhards, what do they know." Ryoko griped as she ate her sushi.

"And what makes you think you're such an expert on the subject?" a voice said from behind her.

Everyone in the group looked up to see a young woman around Mihoshi's age wearing the standard GP uniform with long teal green hair and a headband that matched her tie.  Almost everyone in the group thought she was one of the officers on the station looking to start a discussion on the situation on Jurai.  But when Mihoshi got her infamous look of excitement in her eyes they knew she had to be someone from the blonde's past.

"Kiyone!" Mihoshi cried out as she leapt up to embrace her former partner.

"It's good to see you too Mihoshi." A very rigid Kiyone replied in a Kami help me tone of voice.

Mihoshi let go of her one time partner and turned to face her new friends to get the long introductions underway.

"Guys this is Kiyone Makibi my old partner." Mihoshi began.

"Kiyone these are my friends from Earth.  That's Yosho, his sister Ayeaka, his sister Sasami, his son-in-law Nobuyuki, his grandson Tenchi, his granddaughter Usagi, Usagi's feline companion Luna, her new boyfriend Mamoru, Ami, Rei, Makoto, Minako, her feline companion Artimes, Washu, Ryo-Ohki, and Ryoko." Mihoshi introduced as she pointed each individual out.

"It's a pleasure to meet you detective." Ayeaka said as she stood up and gave a slight bow.

"The pleasure is all mine princess.  And know that you and your family have my full support concerning the incident on Jurai." Kiyone replied.

"Thank you detective." Ayeaka said before returning to her meal.

Kiyone gave the group a good once-over and noticed most of them were female.  But what surprised her was that the four males in the group didn't seem out of place at all.  As she continued checking out the people she'd be working with she noticed two of the blondes Mihoshi and Usagi make room for her at the already crowded table.

"Why don't you join us Kiyone." Mihoshi offered.

"Always room for one more." Usagi added.

"Uh thanks." Kiyone replied with a nervous chuckle before sitting down.

"Those idiots have their facts all messed up!  Jurai still had the planetary sensors to let them know I was there and I didn't force the crown prince to stay away for seven hundred years he stayed to play prison warden." Ryoko yelled at the monitor.

Kiyone stared at Ryoko as though she had lost her mind and wondered why she was making such a big deal out of political talk show.

"What's with her?" she asked the others.

"She's just mad because those so called know-it-alls don't have their facts straight.  She aught to know she did blow up half of the military bases on Jurai seven hundred years ago." Washu said.

It was then Kiyone finally recognized Ryoko's name.

"You mean she's THE Ryoko!  The infamous Space Pirate Ryoko who nearly killed the entire Jurian royal family Ryoko!  The Ryoko responsible for ninety percent of all legislation concerning security measures on Jurai to be passed in the last seven hundred years!" Kiyone cried out in disbelief.

"That's me." Ryoko replied casually.

"I don't know if I can handle this case." Kiyone moaned with her head in her hands.

'Well like it or not you've got us." Washu said with a goofy grin.

"Besides the Sailor Senshi never fail." Minako declared.

"And after we spend tomorrow visiting grandma we can head for Jurai and take care of Kagato once and for all." Mihoshi added.

Kiyone looked over the group once again and saw them in a different light.  Instead of seeing a pair of princesses, a missing prince, and a rag tag band of travelers she saw a group determined to rid the universe of Kagato no matter what the cost.

"You know Mihoshi I think I just might enjoy working with you again." Kiyone said with a smile.

********

Yea I finished another episode!  Looking back at my last one to refresh my memory on what was going on I noticed it's been quite a long time since I last wrote a chapter.  Can you believe it's been since March of last year when I last wrote?  Back then the only things on my mind were U of I b-ball and work.  The world sure has changed since then.  Now I have to worry about finding work, U of I football, and world safety.  I think we all worry about world safety now.  Anyhoo, if it wasn't for all of you telling me in your own way to get off my behind and finish this episode I don't think I never would have.  So I say thank you to all of my reviewers both on FF.net and TMFFA.

Okay here's a little refresher course for those of you who have been waiting for this episode so patiently.  Usagi is Tenchi's little sister and they live with their dad and grandfather at a shrine just outside Okayama in Japan.  She has her own lunar feline named Luna and is Sailor Moon but has never been to Tokyo.  She deals with the Dark Agency not Minako.  After accidentally setting Ryoko free from her prison all kinds of weird things begin to happen just like in the cannon Tenchi OVA.

When Kagato shows up it's both Tenchi AND Usagi who receive spaceship tree seeds from Tsunami enabling them to defeat him.  This gives the Misaki siblings some pretty unique abilities.  Things pretty much go according to script from there until just after the defeat of Dr. Clay.  That's when Luna contacts Central Command for the first time in six months.  Enter a pack of demons from another dimension and the Sailor Senshi.  Usagi admits to her father she's Sailor Moon so the Senshi can stay with them.  Mamoru show's up and it's love at first sight.  The young couple has some strange dreams after sharing a kiss.  But that's put on the back burner when Ayeaka, Sasami, and Yosho's parents arrive to visit and discuss Mihoshi's report thus ending the OVA.

Tokimi tries to use Dr. Clay once again which results in Usagi and Mamoru getting abducted.  During the rescue process Usagi is revealed to be Princess Serenity the long lost Moon Princess and heir to the Moon Kingdom.  The Senshi and the members of the Misaki house defeat Clay with the help of the Silver Imperium Crystal which also surfaces.  Things are hunky dory and Usagi and Mamoru can go gaga over each other.  But then Tokimi tries to get revenge, the gems, and the crystal once again.  This time she resurrects Kagato from the dead and has him take over Jurai bringing in the Tenchi TV plot line.  But as we all know Dr. Clay still wants revenge on Washu.  Enter in the mystery woman who venomously refers to him as father.  With Azusa and his wives held hostage in the palace our heroes must journey to Jurai to save them.  First stop on the trip GP HQ at Prime Center.  There they meet Mihoshi's grandpa and her former partner Kiyone who was in charge of the initial investigat!
ion.  Which now brings us to what happens next but you'll get your preview a bit later.

Why am I delaying the preview you might ask?  I need to explain why I described the news coverage GNN was giving the situation on Jurai the way I did.  There are two reasons really.  First off it gives you the readers a clearer picture of the significance of the situation to the rest of the galaxy.  Secondly just turn on any cable news network right now and you'll see what I'm talking about with how the screen looks.  I didn't really want to mention last September so I mentioned the current war instead.  Besides I have a cousin my age over there involved in this thing and I think about him constantly.  Oh and the remark Washu made earlier refers to the end of the Moon Kingdom and Queen Beryl if you hadn't already figured that out.  Her true reason for knowing about that isn't because of her age that my dear readers will be revealed in future episodes.  And yes Azaka and Kamidaki are with our crew.  They're just with Yukinojo.

So finally we ask what's next.  I know I haven't given you a preview in this story before but I feel one is needed.  Our plucky little band is about to learn the Jurai doesn't stop with Azusa and his wives.  There are bounties galore out on Ryoko's head and someone is going to come to collect them.  Enter...dun, dun, dun...you guessed it sports fans Nagi!  Who is she and why does she have a cabbit ship?  The mysteries begin in Tenchi and Usagi Muyo episode nine: The Bounty Hunter.  It will be most informative.

Washu: And remember dear readers I am the greatest genius in the entire universe!
Chibi Halo: We know Washu we know.
