If you interested in Tenchi-Muyo, El-hazard, and Slayers then please read
on.

Author: PPPCHAN@aol.com (Trent Chau)
Date : 11/16/96
Anime Involved - Tenchi-Muyo Ryo-Oh-Ki , El-Hazard, and The Slayers.

Prelude.

A lone red hair figure sits watching a monitor. Devoid of her surroundings
she begins to chatter among herself.

Washu- Even though I watched Kain bend the fabric of space and time, I did
not know he has caused so much damage. How am I going to fix this.

Unceremonious seconds of silence pass as a distant sound of a door creaks
open.
A young man steps through.

Tenchi - Washu-Chan, Dinner's ready.

Washu - Be right there, (Damn!! If I only knew what area's to fix from this
mess. Both space and time are breaking each others grasp and all I can do
is watch.)

Tenchi - Okay, We'll be waiting.

Washu -(Sighing) Even a genius mind like mine has its limitations. Kain
even though your dead you have still left your mark. I better leave my
equipment on to monitor any changes...maybe after Dinner I will find
something useful

El-Hazard - Night One "Mihoshi's battlefield of Confusion"

Dimension's collide as time collapses. Space begins to devolve and evolve
at a quicker pace. The very reality that time exist is no more, or to some
never will be. As duo dimension fall victim to this onslaught data is being
recorded. Years of knowledge written in files. Files found only in Washu's
personal computer.

The atmosphere of the Masaki resident's was a relaxed one. Ryoko relating
how
wonderful Tenchi look when he was a child. Aeka picking on Ryoko, always
ending in a bitter fight. Tenchi innocently watching as Sasami and Washu
finish viewing their evening soap(IF you know what that TV program with the
Potatoes are please tell me).

Mihoshi - YYYYAAAWWWNNN!!! I'm so sleepy.

Ryoko - What are you saying your Fianc‚. Tenchi is mine.

Aeka - You dare pollute Jurai bloodlines with your type!!

Ryoko - What did you say!!

Aeka - Imagine Jurai, In all its glory, brought down by an evil
Demon-Monster like you.

Tenchi - Now settle down Aeka. I don't want another fight.

Ryoko - Tenchi!! You do care about me....I'm...I'm....So.......

Tenchi - You to Ryoko. You and Aeka are always fighting.

Ryoko & Aeka - Hmmph!!

Washu - Well Sasami I guess you and me get to do the dishes tonight.

Sasami - Okay!

So dinner ends at the Misaki's. Tenchi deciding to help Washu and Sasami
with the dishes while Ryoko and Aeka both go to their rooms. Mihoshi, Just
sitting there finally stirs.

Mihoshi - Where am I? Where is everybody? I'm all by myself!! WWAAAHHHH!!
WWAAAHH! Tenchi!! Ryoko!! Aeka!! Washu!! Sasami!! Ryo-Oh-ki!!

Mihoshi starts to wander aimlessly around the room until she comes upon a
small door. She looks at it for a second before deciding to go into the
room.
Mihoshi finds herself in Washu's lab...... The endless display's of
animal's, The automatons, and Washu's most recent experiment's. Walking
towards a control panel with various buttons of different sizes and colors
she notices a nice big pink one.

Mihoshi - Travel?!! That's it they went somewhere without me. I'll just hit
this to catch up.

A pity Mihoshi did not see the embossed message that said dimension on top.

Due to the weaken fabric of time the, area in which the Dimensional travel
was enlarged.

And so begins the journey into El-Hazard - The Magnificent World

Opening Theme - Tenchi Opening theme Oav 1 - 7

"Surpass 100 Billion nights and the gates to El-Hazard may be opened"

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Darkness, A never-ending void broken and shattered as the radiant speckles
of light broke between his two eyes. A couple stares blankly at him mouth
agape.

Tenchi - Uuhhhhh...........Where am I?

Man - You do not know?

Tenchi - Sorry, I don't.

Lady - You are on El-Hazard in a small village about 60 miles away from
Roshutaria.

Tenchi - El-Hazard? Roshutaria? Sorry, I have never heard of them.

Man - Sure you have. Where have you been all you life.

Tenchi - Japan , on a planet called earth.

Lady - Earth? Kyle isn't that where Lord Makoto came from?

Kyle - Yes it is. I thought the gates were closed after Ifurita left this
world to go live there.

Tenchi - I'm Confused.... What happened?

The couple proceeds to tell Tenchi of the Hero Makoto Mizuhara and his
quest on stopping the Bugarom war. About Rune Venus princess and now Queen
of Roshutaria.
The final battle that unleashed the Eye of God and of the foul deception of
Galas, fianc‚ to Rune Venus, that nearly brought El-Hazard to the realms of
darkness. And how they happen to find Tenchi by the river of god.

Kyle - The historic battle's of Makoto happened 6 years ago, I picked up
what I could so I can tell my children of this one day.

Tenchi - Thank you. That was very interesting. Do you know if there was
anyone else around me when I came to this world.

Lady - Yes there was. A young beautiful girl with silver hair. There were
some other forms across the river, but as we looked up a cloud of red fog
passed over us. When we looked up again the figures were gone.

Kyle - We brought you and the silver hair lady to our house where you have
been unconscious for a week now.

Tenchi - Silver hair lady. That must be Ryoko. Can I go see her?

Kyle - You are in no mood to walk yet, But your friend, Ryoko you said, has
been quick to recover. Sarah can you get the lady for me, and some food for
this man.

Sarah - Sure... Be right back.

A few moments passed. Kyle and Tenchi wandering in there own thoughts.
The spiritual moment of silence broken abruptly.

Ryoko - TENCHI!! Anata!!

Ryoko hug and kiss was long. Tenchi staring blankly at Ryoko, unable to or
not wanting to hold her back.

Sarah - How cute.

Kyle - Seems like you know each other.

Kyle and Sarah decides it would be better to leave the two alone for a
time. They quietly leave, Sarah not forgetting to leave the food on
Tenchi's table. As the door closes Tenchi finally gets Ryoko off.

Tenchi - Ryoko what was that for?

Ryoko - For one week now, Kyle has been letting me see you. Tenchi I was
alone without you for a week. All I had was watching you sleep, like you
were dead. I missed you

Tenchi - Thank you.....Ryoko.. I didn't think you cared that much.

Tenchi - Did Kyle tell you where we are. He told me That we were on
El-Hazard.

Ryoko - That's we he told me, Then he gave me this long boring story about
this guy named Makoto. The name reminds me of this couple we saw at
Shinanome High School, remember when you went on that trip. The boy was
named Makota and then there was the blue headed girl.

Tenchi - Yeah, wasn't that about 8 months ago. Kyle also told me that maybe
Aeka and some others might have been dragged here to.

Ryoko - I guess we better hope Washu is among them. She can tell us about
what happened.

After Ryoko and Tenchi finish talking about the different things Kyle and
Sarah has told them, Ryoko goes to retrieve the helpful couple.

Kyle - Good News, I just sent a message out to the royal house of
Roshutaria. They will be sending Dr. Stelebaugh and a nurse to fully heal
your wounds. I will take about 5 days before he gets here. Maybe now you
can tell us about you Earth.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Miles away, Hidden away in a deep gorge. A vital experiment is being held.
5 figures shrouded in cloaks of the darkest colors start hitting controls
on a large machine. In the middle of the machine lies a lady with deep blue
hair. As the workers
begin to start up the machine a beautiful lady appears.

Cloaked Figure 1 - Queen Diva, What brings you here.

Diva - Galas, I heard you found a new toy by the river of god. You didn't
send me a message about it. Are you forgetting the payment you own me.

Galas - No Queen Diva I will never forget.

Diva - Good, Tell me what you have picked up my dear Galas.

Galas - We found this lady by the river of God. We are testing her for
something strange.
She has a untapped power within her that our machines cannot comprehend.
The power is almost equal to that of the Demon-God Ifurita.

Diva - Has she been unconscious all this time.

Galas - No, She has only woken up twice. She has said two words, Tenchi and
Jurai.

Diva - So we can use her as a weapon.

Galas - Yes, over time, A weapon powerful enough to take back El-Hazard.

Diva - Good, Jinai will be Happy to hear this.

End first half of Episode 1.

Man - Hello, Tenchi.....

Tenchi - Masaki.

Man - Thank you. Hello Tenchi Masaki, I am Dr. Stellabaugh of the Royal
House of Jurai. I have heard that you have come from Earth.

Tenchi - Yes. I have but it seems that someone else of great importance has
come before us.

Stellabaugh - Seems You have heard of Makoto Mizuhara. I have come to ask
you how and why you got here. And how did you break through the dimensional
gate that Ifurita put up.

Ryoko - We were ripped trough space and time. I sensed it once before when
I teleported.... I mean when Washu teleported us to Kain, Tenchi.

Tenchi - And we don't know why were here. Or of the Dimensional gate you
are talking about.

Stellabaugh - That is strange. Also I have brought a message form Queen
Rune Venus.
She wishes to see both of you ant the Royal House, and she wishes that the
couple Kyle and Sarah Ularth be rewarded for there hospitality.

Stellabaugh - What do you say Tenchi Masaki? Over at the Royal house we can
study more of this. And maybe find a way for you to return to Earth.

Tenchi - Seems like I have no choice. We have to go back home.

Ryoko - That can be a while....

So Ryoko and Tenchi say there good-byes to the nice couple. The journey to
the capital of Roshutaria will be one of many stories.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

High on the top of Mount Malduun. A large water demon is seen towering
before two small figures.

Figure 1 - Mihoshi, How do expect to become a High Priestess of Water when
you cannot control a simple water demon.

Mihoshi - But Miz, It's so big and scary.

Miz - Thats no excuse Mihoshi. For the last ten years now I have been
looking for they right replacement for me, and you are to closest
one(Mental wise way off).

Mihoshi - But.... Miz I have only been training for a week, or was that two
weeks.

Miz - Again Mihoshi, that's no excuse. I'm growing old, I can't be the High
priestess any longer. Sooner or later Shayla-Shayla or Afru - Man will take
my place. But we need three high priestesses or the balance of power will
collapse.

Mihoshi - BUT WHY DOES IT HAVE TO BE ME!!! KIYONE, KIYONE!!! WHERE ARE YOU
WHEN I NEED YOU!!
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In the Bugarom stronghold. A clean looking man heads towards the reclining
figure of Queen Diva.

Diva - Greetings, Lord Janai.

Janai - You have sent for me from my scouting. This has better be
important. Me and Groccho now has to catch up with the other troops.

Diva - Oh you will like this. It seems that Prince Galas has found a new
weapon that is almost equal to power then Ifurita.

Janai - Galas eh? How can you trust him. And what is this weapon.

Diva - You know Galas cannot Betray us, he is under oath. As for the weapon
I will bring you to see it tommorow.

Janai - You have never told me the full story about the oath. And I guess I
can send a message to the troups.

Diva - Then I will tell you of the oath now and never again. After the Eye
of God was used to destroy our stronghold the two princesses of Roshutaria
could not stop the Eye.
The Phantom tribe had corrupted the device so that it will never stop.
Galas was the king of the Phantom tribe. He wanted to pay back El-Hazard
because his people were sucked into this world by the Eye of God during an
ancient war.

Janai - So that was his goal, When I saw him on top of the eye I thought he
wanted to destroy the world.

Diva - To a point that is true. He wanted to bring El-Hazard into the dark
dimension.
Alas He failed because of Makoto and you have intervened.

Janai - And Makoto stopped the Eye of god.

Diva - Yes, but apparently Galas had escaped the battle. When he returned
to his people he found out that since he failed that their support for him
has crumbled. Revolts were held as branches were breaking apart in the
phantom tribe. A new King called Zelgadis
took place of Galas. Only ten of Galas followers survived the war
afterwards. When We saved him only he and four others were left.

Janai - have you heard of anything else about Zelgadis?

Diva - Yes, He told the Phantom tribe that the vast catacombs under
El-Hazard were suitable to live in. Noone would oppose him for he is
powerful yet just.

Janai - So we would not suspect any plots by them.

Diva - I would say that there isn't a chance.

Janai - So the odds are turned back to our favor. With Galas discovery of
this new weapon. El - Hazard will be Ours.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
End Episode 1
End Theme - El-Hazard End Theme Volume One(Which is also the theme)

Preview for episode 2 - The Land of Many Wonders

Where's Washu and Sasami, and what about Yosho and Ryo-Oh-Ki. What is Diva
and Galas planning to do with there new acquired weapon. Will Tenchi and
Ryoko find the others. And where is Fugisawa-Sensai.

In Episode 2 you will learn of the past 6 years of Roshutaria and what has
happened to Makoto and Ifurita. And you will learn of the Hidden powers
given to anyone from earth.

"Like a dream from a time faraway, A sweet memory lingers from the distant
past.
Like a kingdom that you reach, After many years of dreaming. El-Hazard is
the eternal homeland , and the land of never-ending adventures. As long as
there is a challenging spirit, and a readiness to fly into infinity. The
gate to El-Hazard shall be opened for you. Across Millions of Nights!"

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thanks for Reading my First fanfic. I thought that there wasn't many
fanfics for either Tenchi or El-Hazard so I made my own. Hope you Enjoyed
it.

I will try to write part 2 soon , But I need some ideas.

As you can see I have already used given a spot to some characters already.
And I already have plans for Washu and Sasami. But there's a lot more
characters.
Also I will be putting characters from the Slayers in here. Lina Inverse
and Gourry will be here:)

IDEAS? E-Mail Me at : PPPCHAN@aol.com

(c) El-hazard and Tenchi-Muyo are licensed to Pioneer anime and The Slayers
and Zelgadis are licensed to Software Sculptors.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
