Usagi Misaki martial artist for thirteen years, Sailor Moon, practical joker, 
Jurian royalty, and one of Tsunami's chosen champions was afraid of her own 
father.  But that was putting it mildly for Usagi was terrified of her father.  
Not that there was anything to be truly afraid of she just didn't like having to 
face him when she had to reveal something she had been keeping from him.  Usagi 
didn't like dropping the bomb on her father and this bomb was a nuclear warhead.  
Usagi was about to reveal to her father that she was Sailor Moon.

Usagi would have liked to keep the truth about being Sailor Moon from her father 
for a little longer.  But the fact that the four infamous Sailor Senshi and 
their guardian needed a place to stay while they were in Okayama forced the 
issue out into the open.  And so Usagi prepared for the worst when she found her 
father sitting alone on the couch with his nose in the local paper.

Carefully and slowly Usagi walked over to her father Nobuyuki Misaki and sat 
next to him.  Kissing her father on the cheek Usagi waited for his reaction.  
Nobuyuki closed the paper, placed it on his lap, and turned to face his daughter 
with a smile on his face.  Taking a deep breath Usagi began telling her father 
everything about her double life as Sailor Moon.

>From their vantage point the nine faces peeking out of the door to Washu's lab 
saw the smile on Nobuyuki's face fade as Usagi droned on about being Sailor 
Moon.  Tenchi could only imagine what their father would say when Usagi finished 
her story.  Luna silently congratulated her young charge for getting over the 
biggest hurdle she faced so far.  While both Washu and Ryoko noticed how calmly 
Nobuyuki was taking everything.  The Senshi on the other hand thought Usagi was 
out of her mind.

"What is she doing?" Minako asked in a whisper.

"She's telling her father everything." Luna whispered back.

"She has got to be the bravest person in the entire world." Ryoko commented.

"What makes you say that?" Ami wondered.

"She hates keeping things from him and the longer she hides it the harder it 
becomes for her to tell him.  She's kept this from him for two years.  And 
believe me when I say she's rehearsed a million different ways to tell him." 
Tenchi explained.

As they continued to watch the group at the door noticed Usagi crying on her 
father's shoulder.  Tenchi knew she was telling him about the final battle 
between Sailor Moon and the Dark Agency.  Usagi had nightmares for three weeks 
following the battle and Tenchi had spent a lot of time comforting his imoto-
chan.  Now she was reliving it all over again.

"By Tsunami, the last time she cried like that was when our okasan passed away." 
Tenchi said.

Ten minutes later Usagi and Nobuyuki finished their talk.  For twenty solid 
minutes the father and daughter discussed the last two years of Usagi's life.  
When it was all over the smile on Nobuyuki's face returned indicating everything 
was going to be just fine.  And after giving her father a great big hug Usagi 
called over her shoulder to the group at the door.

"Okay guys you can come on out now.  He said yes." Usagi called out to them.
With that the Misaki household had four new houseguests and one more furry 
companion.

********

Tenchi and Usagi Muyo
Episode Three: The First Time They Met

********

Morning had come to the Misaki household and one by one the residents of the 
house awoke to face the day.  The first of these was one Usagi Misaki.  Usagi 
had the fortunate luck to rise just as the sun was about to break over the 
horizon and peek through the gap in the hills kissing the valley below.  After 
quickly throwing on some loose pants and a sleeveless T-shirt Usagi headed down 
the stairs and out the door to greet the new day head on.

The first stop on Usagi's agenda that morning was to wake Ayeaka's guardians 
Azaka and Kamidaki.  Bounding over to the two logs at the front gate of the 
Misaki home Usagi called out them in her usual chipper tone of voice.

"Morning guys!" she called out.

"Good morning Miss Usagi." Kamidaki the younger sounding guardian replied.

"Yes it is indeed a good a morning." Azaka added before yawning.

"Well I'm off.  See ya!" Usagi said as she headed for the temple steps.

Bounding up the numerous steps to the temple Usagi made her way over to the 
small family burial site and knelt before her mother's grave marker.  And after 
saying a silent prayer Usagi began recounting the latest events in the Misaki 
house to her mother's spirit.

"Good morning mother.  Well yesterday was certainly an interesting one." Usagi 
began, "Ryoko still hasn't gotten her emotions under control since the Zero 
incident and once again I took full advantage of it.  But I only do it because I 
like her so much.  That wasn't even the more interesting part of the day.  My 
guardian Luna made her first report to Central Command since the house got 
transferred here six months ago and we found out the Sailor Senshi from Tokyo 
were coming to Okayama.  It seems the search for their princess has led them to 
our tiny little burg.  Well things were going pretty much the same way they 
always do around here with Tenchi out in the fields and Ryoko about to do 
something that would get Ayeaka mad at her when Washu noticed a dozen nasty 
looking demons attacking Okayama.

"Washu wasn't the only one to notice this because the sky suddenly got dark 
which caught Tenchi's eye.  And Ryoko could feel the presence of the demons in 
town.  Naturally I said this was Sailor Moon business and prepared to head down 
to town via Washu's gateways but Tenchi and Ryoko didn't want me going it alone.  
And I was actually glad to have them volunteer their help because I was about to 
ask for it.  Once we got into town that's when the real fun began.

"The demons began attacking and we were doing a pretty good job of holding our 
ground when they surrounded us.  I thought we were goners but then a flaming 
arrow shot out of nowhere and struck one square in the back.  That's when I saw 
them.  The Sailor Senshi saw we were in trouble and offered to lend a hand.  I 
know when to take help when it's offered and boy was I glad to get it.  The 
fight was going at a good pace and was strictly hand to hand until something 
happened.

"Now don't get mad at me but Tenchi got hurt during the battle.  One of the 
demons revealed that they could use energy attacks similar to the ones Ryoko can 
do and it hit Tenchi.  But before it could do any more damage I got between 
Tenchi and the demon and used my gifts Tsunami had given me.  I quickly put my 
protective field up and stopped the next attack from hitting him.  After that 
things seemed to happen all at once because before I knew it Ryoko and the 
Senshi had taken care of the remaining demons.

"When I looked up I saw Sailor Mercury using her computer and visor to scan 
Tenchi.  I could tell from the look on her face that she didn't know what to do 
because Tenchi and I are part Jurian.  I decided to take matters into my own 
hands and picked up the Tenchikin.  Holding the sword hilt in my hands I began 
praying to Tsunami to help Tenchi.  I don't know how it happened but somehow 
with that sword in my hands I was able to heal Tenchi.  Just what am I mom?  I 
don't think even you know the answer to that but I have a good guess as to who 
might ojiisan's spaceship tree Funahu.  I'll talk to you tomorrow mother and I 
love with all my heart."

With that Usagi kissed her fingers and placed them on the kanji that was her 
mother's name.
After her daily conversation with her mother's spirit Usagi made her way back 
down the temple stairs and headed out to the tiny island in the middle of the 
lake by her house and sat in a lotus position under the branches of Funahu.  And 
that was how the next person to wake up found her.

********

Makoto was an early riser in the morning but never this early.  The tall Senshi 
could tell she was alone in the bedroom and the empty bed she saw confirmed her 
suspicion.  Getting up off the futon Makoto put the bedding away before brushing 
out her hair and putting it back into its usual ponytail.  And after brushing 
her teeth Makoto put on her white judo clothes and made her way out the front 
door to get in a quick workout before breakfast.

Stepping out onto the front porch Makoto was greeted by a sight that left her 
completely speechless.  Out in the middle of the lake by the house was a tiny 
island large enough to hold one tree and one person.  Sitting underneath the 
tree in a lotus position with her eyes closed was Usagi.  The scene seemed at 
first glance to be perfectly normal but upon closer inspection Makoto noticed 
something unusual.  Coming from the tree were pencil thin beams of blue energy 
that bounced off the smooth surface of the water and gently touched Usagi's 
forehead.  And after a few minutes Usagi got up, faced the tree, and bowed to it 
before heading back towards her.

"Good morning.  Makoto is it?" Usagi said with her usual smile.

"Yeah it is.  Good morning to you too Usagi." Makoto replied.

Makoto took a good look at the shorter person standing before her.  Usagi's body 
was lean and well toned.  Makoto couldn't find an ounce of body fat on her.  Her 
arms and legs weren't big and bulky but each muscle was well defined.  The tall 
Thunder Senshi could tell Usagi led a very active lifestyle.

"So what were you doing out there?" Makoto asked as they sat on the porch.

"Having a conversation with Funahu." Usagi said casually.

"Funahu?" Makoto inquired.

"My ojiisan's spaceship tree." Usagi explained as though it was no big deal.

Makoto wondered what in the world Usagi was talking about and how she could talk 
to a tree.  There were a lot of mysterious things about the Senshi of the Moon 
Makoto wanted to know all about.

"But I don't talk to her until after I visit my mother each morning." Usagi 
commented.

"Your mother?"

"Yeah you might find this weird but I visit my mother's final resting place 
every morning and talk to her spirit like I'm doing with you."

"I don't find that weird at all.  I try and visit my parents' grave sites once a 
month and update them on what's going on in my life."

"If you don't mind my asking what happened to them?"

"They were in a nasty plane crash near Hokkaido when I was eleven.  That was 
five years ago."

"My mom died when I was four.  My ojiisan says she had been real weak and prone 
to get sick real easily since she was seventeen.  She almost lost Tenchi before 
he was born and I had to be pulled out through an emergency c-section three 
weeks early.  I don't remember a single day where my tosan's okasan wasn't 
around the house when he was at work before she died."

Makoto had noticed the conversation had taken on a somber note and decided to 
change the subject into something not so depressing.  Looking around the grounds 
of the house she saw Ayeaka's guardians by the front gate to the house.

"Hey Usagi what are those things by the front gate?" Makoto asked her.

"Those two are Ayeaka's guardians Azaka and Kamidaki." Usagi explained.

"They look like a pair of logs." Makoto commented.

"Yeah but don't let them hear you saying that." Usagi said with a playful grin.

The two girls laughed at Usagi's comment.  They could tell they were going to 
get along just fine.  And as Usagi looked over at Makoto she noticed the judo 
outfit the taller girl was wearing.

"You do martial arts?" Usagi inquired.

"Yeah I've been doing judo since shortly after my parents died.  You do any?" 
Makoto replied.

"Me, I dabble in a little jujitsu and the Misaki family style of kendo.  I don't 
want to sound like I'm bragging but I've been learning from my ojiisan since I 
was three."

"You've been practicing for thirteen years?"

"Yeah, you uh want to spar with me?"

"Sure."

With that the two martial artists left the front porch and made their way up the 
temple steps to the Misaki family training grounds halfway to the top.

********

After Makoto woke up the other residents in the Misaki house began waking one by 
one.  Tenchi, Sasami, Washu, and Nobuyuki all woke within mere moments of each 
other.  And while Nobuyuki prepared for another day at work Sasami began getting 
breakfast ready.  At the same time Tenchi went to perform his morning chores up 
at the shrine and Washu did some work in her other dimension lab.  A few minutes 
after Tenchi had left Ayeaka woke up and went downstairs to see what she could 
do to help her imotosan leaving Minako in the room all by herself with Artimes.  
Luna soon followed bounding out of Usagi's room ready to face another day.  And 
down in the family room Ryoko still snored away from her perch on one of the 
beams overhead.

Up at the shrine Yosho had woken up when he heard Usagi having her daily 
conversation with Achieka.  A few minutes after Usagi had left the shrine to go 
talk to Funahu Rei and Ami had gotten up and prepared for the day ahead.  Ami 
put on a pair of white jeans and blue hooded sweater with canvas shoes while Rei 
threw on some loose fitting white pants and a red mock turtleneck.  After 
brushing out their hair the girls went outside to check out the Misaki shrine.

Rei noticed a broom leaning against one of the posts on the shrine temple and 
decide to make good use of it by sweeping the shrine yard.  At that moment Yosho 
came out of the shrine office dressed in his familiar white and blue priest 
robes.  Yosho saw what Rei was doing and tried to tell her it was Tenchi's turn 
to sweep the shrine yard.

"Miss Hino you do not have to sweep the shrine yard.  That is Tenchi's job 
today." He said.

"I don't mind and besides I wanted to do something to repay you for allowing us 
to sleep in your home last night." Rei replied.

It was at that point in the conversation as if on cue Tenchi appeared at the top 
of the steps to the shrine.  Yosho not wanting to make Rei feel bad went into 
the small house and emerged a minute later with another broom, which he promptly 
handed to Tenchi.

"Tenchi you will help Miss Hino sweep the shrine yard." Yosho told his grandson.

"Yes grandpa." Tenchi replied as he took the broom.

Tenchi soon got to work sweeping alongside Rei while Ami sat on the porch of the 
shrine house.  After a brief moment of silence the three were soon engaged in 
friendly conversation.

"So what do you two do when you're not Senshi?" Tenchi asked the girls.

"Well I work at my grandpa's shrine in Tokyo where I'm studying to be a shrine 
priestess.  It's hard work but I enjoy it.  Other than that I go to school and 
volunteer for the school festival committee." Rei replied with a proud smile.

"Besides school and studying I go to a juku three times a week and tutor.  Right 
now my only students are Minako and Makoto." Ami told him.

Tenchi the decided to ask the most important question on his mind next or else 
he wouldn't be able to relax around the new houseguests.  He didn't want to have 
to deal with any more Ayeakas or Ryokos around the house.

"That's nice.  So are you guys seeing anyone?" he asked casually.

"Well I have someone I've gone out with a few times but he lives outside Tokyo 
now.  We still write to each other though." Ami said.

"And even though I don't like to admit it I've been sort of going out with this 
guy who lives with my grandpa and me at the temple." Rei told him.

Tenchi let out a small soft sigh and hoped Rei and Ami didn't notice.  With 
those two out of the picture all he had to worry about were the other two Senshi 
and Ayeaka and Ryoko.

********

"Miya?" Ryo-Ohki mewed questioningly at the sleeping Artimes.

Artimes awoke with a start as he heard the soft mew from Ryo-Ohki.  The little 
brown cabbit was staring the white cat directly in the eyes inches from his face 
with a big grin on her face.  Artimes was about to make his escape when a hand 
reached over and picked up the male feline by the scruff of the neck.

"You woke me up from a very good dream about me and Motoki cat." Minako said in 
a less than cheery tone of voice.

"Well as long as we're up we might as well join the rest of civilization." 
Artimes replied.

Minako put Artimes down and went to get dressed.  The white cat turned to face 
the cabbit who had a sweet innocent look on her face.  With a dark expression on 
his face Artimes addressed the cabbit.

"Don't think you're getting off easy Ryo-Ohki.  That cute and innocent routine 
doesn't cut it with this white cat." Artimes told her.

Ryo-Ohki just looked at Artimes with a confused expression and blinked.

"Miya?" she mewed.

Artimes was in no mood to argue with the cabbit and left the room to head 
downstairs not noticing said cabbit was following him.

********

Minako was greeted by quite the sight when she came down the stairs.  Ayeaka was 
preparing the table for breakfast while Nobuyuki sat on the couch with his head 
buried in the morning paper.  Artimes was trying to outrun Ryo-Ohki who was 
chasing him around the family room.  Luna was seated on the couch next to 
Nobuyuki looking at the front section of the paper.  And all the while the faint 
sounds of breakfast cooking and things exploding mingled with Ryoko's constant 
snoring from above.

A couple of minutes after Minako had come downstairs Sasami popped out of the 
kitchen to announce breakfast was ready.

"Ryoko time to get up breakfast is ready." Sasami said trying to wake the former 
pirate.

Ryoko didn't move a single muscle and just continued snoring away.  Sasami knew 
of one sure-fire way to get Ryoko up and going that morning and turned to her 
oneesan.

"Ayeaka would you please go to the shrine and tell Tenchi breakfast is ready." 
Sasami requested.

But before Ayeaka could even respond Ryoko shot up straight as an arrow and flew 
over to where Sasami was and quickly offered to get Tenchi and the others for 
breakfast.

"I'll do it Sasami." She said before racing out the door.

Luna decided to accompany Ryoko on her task and headed towards the door.  But 
before she left the black feline grabbed the attention of her male counterpart 
and got him to follow her out the door.

"Thanks a lot Luna." Artimes said once they were out the door.

"You're welcome.  You know if I didn't know better I'd say Ryo-Ohki likes you." 
Luna commented as the pair headed for the shrine steps.

"Is it always like this?" Artimes asked.

"You should see it when Mihoshi is around." Luna replied.

Artimes noticed Luna stop halfway up the shrine steps and enter a small clearing 
nestled amongst a few Japanese maple trees.  Catching up to her he wondered what 
she was doing.

"Why aren't we going up to the shrine?" he asked her.

"Because Usagi isn't at the shrine this morning she's at the family training 
ground." Luna replied.

********

Ryoko reached the top of the shrine steps and saw Tenchi and the girl called Rei 
sweeping the shrine yard while the other girl Ami watched them.  The trio was 
engaged in casual conversation laughing about this and that.  Seeing that Tenchi 
was preoccupied with the broom and the conversation Ryoko decided to greet 
Tenchi in her own special way.  Floating over to him while his back was turned 
Ryoko glomped onto Tenchi's neck and whispered into Tenchi's ear.

"Morning Tenchi." Ryoko said in a seductive manor that made Tenchi's skin crawl.

"Ah! Ryoko!" Tenchi screamed as he jumped out of her arms.

"What's the matter Tenchi you don't want to be with me?" Ryoko questioned him as 
she began inching her way closer to the now very jumpy Tenchi.

Rei and Ami tried hard not to laugh at the scene unfolding before their eyes but 
failed miserably.

Yosho emerged from the shrine office after hearing his grandson yell out the 
name of his former advisory and walked up behind Tenchi.  Placing a hand upon 
Tenchi's shoulder the patriarch of the Misaki family caused his grandson to jump 
out of his skin.

"Jeez grandpa.  What'd you that for?" Tenchi almost yelled.

"Can't your old grandpa have some fun now and then." Yosho said with a sly grin.

"I swear you and Usagi think alike." Tenchi muttered.

Yosho became serious once more and turned his attention to Ryoko.

"I take it breakfast is ready." He stated rather than ask.

"Yeah.  We'd better get down there before it gets cold." Ryoko said, "Oh and 
we'll have to get whoever's at the training grounds too."

Rei and Ami looked at each other for a moment.  The two Senshi figured Makoto 
was working on her martial arts again.

"Mako-chan must be practicing her judo again." Ami said.

Yosho made a mental note of what Ami said before addressing his grandson.

"Come Tenchi we'd better go get your sister." Yosho told him.

"Sure thing grandpa." Tenchi replied.

The small group made their way down the shrine steps and stopped halfway.  Off 
to the side was a clearing with Japanese maple trees around it.  In the ground 
were a series of poles varying in length and on top of them were Usagi and 
Makoto sparing in a hand to hand fighting style.  Off to one side was Luna and 
Artimes watching the two martial artists spar.

Usagi was blocking every one of Makoto's jabs blow for blow but she failed to 
notice Makoto go low and got hit in the stomach.  Yosho could see his 
granddaughter needed to work on her blocking and he gently scolded her for 
leaving herself open to such an easy shot.

"Usagi." He said firmly.

"Hai ojiisan?" Usagi replied.

"You failed to cover your stomach and left yourself open to a low blow to the 
abdomen.  We will work on your blocking this afternoon." Yosho told her.

"Hai ojiisan." Usagi said.

"Come Usagi breakfast is ready."

"Hai."

Before leaving the training grounds Usagi faced Makoto and bowed in respect 
ending their match.

********

Usagi was sore from the workout Yosho had put her through.  Makoto on the other 
hand was pumped.  While Usagi felt as though every single muscle in her body had 
been put through the ringer Makoto felt as though she could take on the world.  
It wasn't as though Usagi didn't like martial arts she just didn't like it when 
her ojiisan worked her extra hard.  And now when all she really wanted was a 
good long soak in the hot springs pod to relax her muscles Usagi was at the 
train station in Okayama proper with the Senshi and her brother waiting for 
their friend to arrive.

As Usagi waited for the train from Tokyo to arrive she looked over to the other 
Senshi.  Ami was running a few numbers on her mini computer shaking her head 
before punching a few more keys.  Minako paced back and forth nervously checking 
the schedule and her watch every few minutes.  Rei just stood off to one side 
watching Usagi carefully and cautiously with a stern disapproving look on her 
face and her arms cross across her chest.

Looking over to her oniisan and then to Makoto Usagi was greeted with a pair of 
smiling faces that told her everything was going to be alright.  Makoto's face 
told Usagi not to worry about Rei while Tenchi's face was full of concern for 
his Usako imoto-chan.  Usagi sighed and smiled back at them before turning her 
attention back to the train tracks.

Mamoru Chiba age twenty, student at Azabu Technical University, Tuxedo Mask, 
ally, Earth Prince, and all around great guy was currently sitting on a train 
from Tokyo bound to Okayama.  If the gods of fate had their way Mamoru would 
have been on a plane bound for Boston but a certain blue green haired goddess 
and her dark pink haired sister saw things a little differently and the gods of 
fate were quickly silenced.  And so for the past two years things moved a little 
differently in the life of Mamoru Chiba.

For two years Mamoru had been having reoccurring dreams of a woman standing on a 
balcony in a beautiful gown asking to be set free.  He could never get a good 
look at her face but he knew she was very beautiful.  In the dream the woman 
told Mamoru the only way to set her free was to find the Silver Crystal.  Mamoru 
knew the key to his past lay in the seven rainbow colored crystals he held 
within his hands.  Somehow these crystals would unlock the secret of both the 
Silver Crystal and the Moon Princess.

The train from Tokyo pulled into Okayama Station and when it came to a complete 
stop Mamoru disembarked.  Upon setting foot on the platform he visually searched 
the crowd for the Sailor Senshi.  But instead of finding the Senshi Mamoru's 
eyes came upon two of the most beautiful azure blue pools he had ever seen.  The 
sound of his beating heart was the only thing that Mamoru could hear.  As he 
continued to stare into the mesmerizing blue orbs before him a voice called out 
to him in an all too familiar tone.

"Mamoru-san over here!"

It was the sound of Ami Mizuno's voice filled with the respect she felt for the 
older fighter that brought him back to reality.  In the two years they had come 
to know each other Ami treated him more like a respected elder than a true 
friend.  At times Mamoru wished there was a way he could be closer to her.

Walking over in the direction of the voice Mamoru saw three of the Senshi 
standing together.  The smart yet quiet Ami was putting he computer away.  
Minako had a big grin on her face and looked like she was glad to see him again.  
Rei just stood there staring off towards the left with a challenging look on her 
face and her arms crossed.  Mamoru wondered where Makoto was and why Rei didn't 
look too thrilled to be there.  Something just didn't seem right.

"Do you have them?" Minako asked him getting down to business.

Mamoru pulled out a small black velvet bag and smiled.

"Yeah I brought them with me." He replied, "What's up with Rei?"

"She's not too fond of the new kid over there." Minako said pointing out Usagi.

Mamoru looked over to Minako's left and saw Makoto standing next to a girl with 
blonde hair in a double bun and ponytail style.  Next to the girl was a boy with 
short dark hair and a small pigtail.  The three of them seemed to smiling and 
laughing about this and that.  Mamoru wondered if the blonde was the new kid 
Minako had mentioned.

"Is that her?" he wondered.

"Yeah that's her next to Makoto." Minako told him.

"Who's the guy?" Mamoru asked with a hint of curiosity.

"That's her brother.  We're staying with them at their family's home outside 
Okayama while we're here." Ami explained.

It was at that point Rei came over to the group and in a less than enthusiastic 
tone suggested they introduce Mamoru to Usagi and her brother.

"Well we'd better get this over with." Rei said with a slight bite in her voice.

Minako sighed and hoped Rei would be able to find a way to accept Usagi the way 
she was.

Mamoru and the girls walked over to where Makoto and the others were standing.  
Makoto noticed Mamoru and got a big grin on her face.

"Hey you finally made it big guy." Makoto said with a slight chuckle.

Makoto treated Mamoru like a big brother.  Outside Motaki Makoto was one of the 
closest friends Mamoru had.  Of all the Senshi Makoto treated him like a real 
friend.

"Mamoru Chiba I'd like you to meet my new friend Usagi Misaki and her brother 
Tenchi." Makoto introduced.

Makoto finished her introductions but neither Mamoru or Usagi heard a word she 
said.  Mamoru took one look at Usagi and saw them once again the blue orbs that 
had captured his attention when he first stepped foot on the platform.  Usagi 
looked back at Mamoru and took in deep blue eyes that were full of mystery.  As 
they continued to look at each other they began to notice the other features 
each one had.  Mamoru noticed Usagi's strong well-toned body and long blonde 
hair.  Usagi took in Mamoru's dark hair and perfectly built body.

Mamoru and Usagi were brought back to reality when Makoto tried to get Mamoru's 
attention.

"Yo!  Earth calling Mamoru, come in Mamoru." Makoto said waiving her hand in 
front of him.

"Huh?  Oh sorry Mako-chan." Mamoru replied softly.

"Well we'd better get going." Tenchi said.

********

Mamoru had never seen anything like the residents of the Misaki house.  As the 
group returned from the train station he saw four girls and an older man with 
gray hair waiting for them on the front porch of the house.  One of the girls 
had long blue green hair in two ponytails and pink eyes with freckles dotting 
her cheeks and nose.  The girl next to her had long layered purple hair with two 
pigtails and a bob and deep violet blue eyes.  The third girl had cyan blue 
hair, amber colored eyes, and a tail.  The last girl looked to be no older than 
twelve and had long dark pink hair and green eyes.  She might have looked young 
but Mamoru could tell she possessed great intelligence.  The lone man looked as 
though he was studying the Earth Prince tying to size him up.

"Ojiisan this is Mamoru Chiba.  He's a friend of the Senshi." Usagi introduced, 
"Mamoru this my ojiisan Yosho Katsuhito Misaki."

Mamoru gave a slight bow of respect to the older man before addressing him.

"Thank you for allowing me to stay in your home honorable Misaki-san." He said.

Yosho looked at Mamoru and adjusted his glasses.

"You should be thanking my son-in-law not me.  This is his home.  Mine is at the 
top of those steps." Yosho told him indicating the long stairway near the house.

Mamoru looked at the stairway and let out a whistle in amazement.  The stairs to 
Misaki shine were longer than the ones that led to the Hikawa-jin temple.

"Um Usagi aren't you guys forgetting something?" Washu said getting her 
attention.

Usagi sweat dropped and let out a nervous chuckle before introducing the rest of 
the group.

"Oh yeah I almost forgot.  I'd like you to meet the girls.  That's Sasami, her 
oneesan Ayeaka, Ryoko, and Washu.  There's another who isn't here named 
Mihoshi."

Washu smiled and walked up to Mamoru.  Usagi and Tenchi knew what was coming 
next.

"You can call me Little Washu yes you can." Washu said with big twinkling eyes.

Usagi, Tenchi, and the rest of the Misaki household just held their heads in 
shame.

After getting Mamoru settled into Tenchi's room Usagi had insisted on giving him 
the standard ten-cent tour while Sasami prepared dinner.  Taking him outside 
Usagi began by showing him what was right outside her front door.  In the center 
of the lake in front of the house was a large tree on a tiny island and leading 
up to it were a series of stepping stones.

"That tree out there is my ojiisan's tree Funahu." Usagi pointed out.

"Looks like it's been here for a long time." Mamoru commented.

"Seven hundred years to be exact." Usagi told him.

Taking Mamoru by the hand Usagi led him up the stairway to the Misaki shrine.  
Along the way she recounted a little of the history of the shrine and her 
family.

"The Misaki shrine has been around just as long as Funahu.  It was built when my 
ancestor wanted a place where he could pray to his goddess and keep a watch over 
the prison that held a nasty demon he had captured." Usagi told him.

"Your family has lived in this area for that long?" Mamoru asked.

"Yes but there's more to this place than just the shrine." Usagi said stopping 
halfway up the steps.

Mamoru wondered what could be halfway up to the shrine that was so interesting.  
Usagi gave him a smile and pulled the older man off to the side of the stairway.  
There he saw a small clearing nestled amongst the Japanese maples that dotted 
the hillside.  In the clearing was a series of wooden poles sticking out of the 
ground.  It was the perfect little secluded spot.

"This is the Misaki family training grounds.  This is where ojiisan teaches my 
oniisan and me the family fighting style.  It's a mix of kendo and jujitsu." 
Usagi said.

Mamoru knew how Usagi had gained her well-toned body when he heard she practiced 
martial arts.  In fact Mamoru himself had dabbled in karate for a while joining 
a karate club at the local rec. center in Juban back in Tokyo.  He considered 
himself to be fairly good in karate and had even gone one on one with Makoto a 
few times to keep in top form.

"How long have you been learning it?" he asked trying to gage her level figuring 
she hadn't been at for more than a few years.

"I've been going at it for thirteen years." Usagi said like it was no big deal.

Mamoru's jaw seemed to drop to the ground as he stared at her in disbelief.  If 
what Usagi had said was true than she was at it longer than he was.  Taking off 
his green jacket Mamoru prepared to see just how good Usagi really was.

"Care to put that up against my eight years of karate." Mamoru challenged.

Loving a good challenge Usagi began stretching out he arms and grinned as she 
quickly got into a ready position.  With a glint in her eyes Usagi accepted the 
challenge.

"You're on." She said.

Mamoru quickly made the first move sending a combination punch that was quickly 
blocked by Usagi who then sent a few jabs of her own Mamoru's way.  For the 
first ten minutes the pair was evenly matched neither one backing down to the 
other.  Then Mamoru made a move that proved costly.  Trying for another 
combination move Mamoru sent a punch towards Usagi who stopped it like it was 
nothing.  Usagi used Mamoru's size to her advantage and flipped him to the 
ground ending the match.

"Wow, you're good." Mamoru commented.

"Here let me help you up." Usagi said offering her hand.

As Usagi went to help Mamoru up something happened.  Usagi soon found herself 
inches away from Mamoru. As if driven by some unknown force Mamoru leaned 
forward and kissed her gently on the lips.  At first Usagi didn't know what to 
make of it but then something inside her said it felt right.  And in response to 
the kiss Usagi closed the gap between them and deepened it letting herself get 
held in Mamoru's strong powerful arms.

When the kiss finally ended Usagi and Mamoru looked into each other's eyes with 
smiles upon their faces.  The seeds of love had been planted and were starting 
to grow.  And unknown to either of them the seeds were well over a thousand 
years old.

********

Okay I bet your thinking where's the meatball head remark?  Well I'm making it 
so Mamoru isn't the bitter loner the staff at Toei wanted him to be.  I'm trying 
to stick with how Takeuchi-sensei tried to make him a tortured soul in search 
for a past he can't remember.  Besides having him begin to like Usagi the Jurian 
princess before she finds out she's the Moon Princess will make for some 
interesting dream sequences and inner conflicts.

As for Tenchi protecting his sister when someone from the Senshi group fights 
with her we'll eventually see that.  I'm not going to have Usagi and Rei 
magically kiss and make up completely but things will get better.  As you can 
see Rei thinks Usagi is a bit immature and inexperienced and her inner senses 
are telling her there is something not quite right about Usagi.  She won't call 
Usagi meatball head but I have a feeling once she learns Usagi is part alien the 
word freak just might be mentioned once or twice.  That's when Tenchi will 
defend his Usako imoto-chan's honor.

Oh yeah I bet you're wondering about the timeline here.  Let's just say the 
story takes place after the Super S season of Sailor Moon and the first few 
parts of this story take place between Tenchi OVA episodes 12 and 13.  So with 
that said the Senshi influenced OVA episode 13 is up next.  Keep the reviews 
coming both good and bad because otherwise I won't be able to be a better 
writer.
