A week had come and gone since the Silver Crystal had been formed.  The Senshi still remained at the Misaki home and were enjoying the peace and quiet.  The week had been fairly quiet with the usual happenings around the Misaki house.  Tenchi and Usagi still practiced each day with their grandfather with Makoto joining them on occasion.  Nobuyuki still went to work each day designing house after house.  Ayeaka and Ryoko still argued over who Tenchi should be with.  Washu worked on her latest inventions as well as repairing Yukinojo and trying to figure out the technology behind Mercury's computer.  While waiting for the shuttle component to her ship to be repaired Mihoshi spent her days watching her soaps and helping Sasami.  Minako became just as addicted as Mihoshi was to the strange penguin program and had yet to miss an episode.  Ami assisted Washu in her lab.  And Rei spent her days up at the shrine learning what she could from Yosho.

In the week and a half since they met Usagi and Mamoru spent as much time as they could together.  The young couple was becoming a lot closer to each other and the bonds of true love were beginning to form.  Another couple was also beginning to form during the down time.  Luna and Artimes began getting reacquainted with one another and as much as they hated to admit it the seeds of love were beginning to grow between them.  The two couples would spend their time taking walks and watching the sun set over the mountains.  Life couldn't get any better.

********

Mihoshi and Minako were glued to the television.  The after lunch ritual found the two blondes watching their penguin soap waiting to find out if one of the characters was going to admit he was seeing another woman behind his girlfriend's back.  According to Mihoshi the love triangle was the best story line to date and the only way it could get better was if one of the girls became pregnant.  As the two new friends sat and watched the show Usagi came into the family room to join them.

"So what did I miss?" Usagi asked Mihoshi.

Usagi sometimes watched the soap but she wasn't a loyal fan like Mihoshi was.

"Oozaru called up Corpin to arrange a meeting between them at their hangout so he could finally admit to his best friend which girl he likes better.  At the same time Neela finally took her sister's advice and set up an appointment with the doctor to see what was wrong with her.   And while all that was going on Treeka found out what her boss and the other big wigs at Galactic Corp. have been planning to do to the town." Mihoshi told Usagi.

When the commercial for a new winter resort on the penguin world was over the girls were once again glued to the soap.  Oozaru and Corpin were sitting in the small bar and grill with a couple of drinks in front of them.  Corpin had a look of curiosity on his face wanting to know what was going on.

"Okay Oozaru you got me here.  Now can you tell me what this is all about." Corpin said.

"It's simple my friend I've finally chosen the one for me." Oozaru replied.

Oozaru was about to reveal the big news when the scene shifted to the doctor's office.  Neela was sitting on one side of the desk and the doctor sat on the other side looking at the results of a scan he had performed on her earlier.

"According to these results congratulations are in order." The doctor began, "It seems you..."

The doctor never got the chance to finish what he was going to say.  The soap was quickly replaced by a graphic that read GNN Breaking News.

"We interrupt Shooting Star to bring you this special bulletin from the Galactic News Network.  And now Noru Katsumura." The announcer said.

The graphic was replaced by an anchor desk with a humanoid sitting behind it that could have come from Mihoshi's home world.

"Good afternoon.  At 1: 26 p.m. Jurai Standard Time Jurian military officials reported an attack on the royal palace.  This has been the first such attack in seven hundred years.  Officials have yet to disclose the identity of the attacker or the current status of Emperor Azusa and his wives First Queen Funahu and Queen Misaki who are now being held by the attacker inside the palace.  Jurian military and Galaxy Police officials have scheduled a joint press conference at Prime Center due to take place in a few minutes.  We now take you to that conference." Noru said.

As the scene shifted to Prime Center home of the GP headquarters Usagi ran outside to gather as many family members as she could.  This was big news that affected everyone.

"Tenchi, Ojiisan, Ayeaka, Sasami everyone come quickly!" Usagi yelled at the top of her lungs.
Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, Luna, and Artimes were the first ones to arrive and wondered what was going on that would have Usagi so worked up.

"Usagi what's wrong?" Luna asked her.

"There's trouble on Jurai." She replied.

"What happened?" Sasami wanted to know.

"Someone attacked the palace and is holding our family hostage." She told Sasami.

At the same time Usagi was telling Sasami and the felines what was going on Ayeaka and Yosho had arrived at the house with a few of the other residents at the Misaki house and shrine in time to hear everything she had said.  Ayeaka's face lost all its color as the realization her parents were in danger sunk in.  Yosho just wanted more details.

"Do they know who was behind the attack?" he asked Usagi.

"They didn't say ojiisan but the GP and the military are going to hold a press conference soon." Usagi told him.

"Then we'd better get inside." Yosho said.

The press conference was just getting underway when Usagi walked in with the others.  A stern looking admiral stood next to a man that bore a striking resemblance to Mihoshi and had gray hair and a beard.  The Galaxy Police commissioner stepped up to the podium first and began giving his statement.

"At approximately 1:26 p.m. Jurai Standard Time today Prime Center received a distress call from Jurian military personnel on Jurai stating the royal palace was under attack.  We then proceeded to contact our officers in the Jurai cluster who confirmed the attack and began countermeasures.  The moment our men reached Jurai they were met with laser cannon fire from the planetary defense system.  It appears the attacker has taken control of all planetary defenses.  And now a brief statement from Admiral Yamato."

The GP commissioner stepped aside and let the admiral take the podium.  After clearing his throat the admiral addressed the reporters.

"Ladies and Gentleman of the galactic press as the head of the Galaxy Police has told you the royal family on Jurai have been taken hostage.  Here is what we know so far.  Jurai military has been locked out of all planetary defense systems and communication to the surface of the planet had been blocked.  We believe the person responsible for the attack is none other than the space pirate Kagato.  I know reports as of late state that he was killed in a battle but somehow he has returned."

The residents of the Misaki house never heard the last part of the admiral's statement and the usual question and answer period that followed for Yosho had turned off the television.

"Looks like I won't be watching the rest of my soap today." Mihoshi said.

********

Tenchi and Usagi Muyo
Episode 7: Jurai Here We Come

********

The situation was grim.  Yosho had gotten in touch with Nobuyuki and told him he needed to come home due to a family emergency.  And while thy waited for Nobuyuki to return home Washu got the Senshi up to speed on the whole Kagato incident.  When the architect returned home and was informed of what was going on the group got down to business discussing the situation at hand.

Everyone sat around the family room dealing with the news in their own way.  Mihoshi had a worried look on her face, as did Washu and Ryoko.  Tenchi was currently comforting Sasami and Ayeaka and Yosho were doing the same for each other.  Usagi was being held in Mamoru's arms while Nobuyuki kept a watchful eye on his daughter and her newfound love.  The Senshi and the two lunar felines were anxious to get the meeting underway.

"Washu I thought Kagato died when Tenchi fought him.  How can he still be alive?" Mihoshi asked finally breaking the silence.

"Bringing back the dead would take an act of a god or goddess.  But the only one crazy enough to actually try it would be Tokimi." Washu replied.

"No matter who did it the fact remains that Kagato is alive and well and has taken over the royal palace on Jurai." Luna said.

Nobuyuki stared at his daughter's cat for a moment.  Even though he now knew Luna could talk it still took some getting used to and took him by surprise when she did it.

"Yes and it's Kagato's sudden return to life that has me worried." Washu said.

"So what are we going to do about this?" Tenchi wondered.

After a brief moment of thought by the rest of the group Mihoshi gave her reply.

"Well I for one am going to check in with my grandfather and see what I can do to help out.  That is if I can borrow Washu's communication console." Mihoshi told them.

"That is an excellent idea Mihoshi.  As for the rest of us I believe a little trip to Jurai is in order." Yosho told his family and friends.

Usagi didn't like the idea of facing off against Kagato again.  The last time they dealt with the space pirate she almost lost her life and that possibility had her scared.

"You mean we have to fight him again?" she asked her grandpa in a soft voice.

"I'm afraid so.  But you and Tenchi have changed so much since the last time you faced Kagato." Yosho told her.

"Your grandfather's right Usagi.  You have the Silver Crystal now and with your other abilities you should able to handle yourself against Kagato." Luna reassured her.

"So then it's settled we're going to Jurai?" Tenchi asked.

"Yes it is what we must do in order to save our family." Yosho said.

Luna looked to Artimes and the Senshi.  She could tell they were wondering just what they had gotten themselves into and decided to let them know they were not obligated to go.

"Artimes you know you, Mamoru, and the Senshi don't have to come with us if you don't want to." Luna told her feline counterpart.

The Senshi pondered what Luna had told them.  It was true that this was not their fight but they couldn't back down in their duties to protect their princess.  And with their princess involved it suddenly became their fight.  Minako was about to say something when Mamoru beat her to it.

"I don't know about the others but I'm going with you.  I know this isn't my fight but it just wouldn't feel right not being there for her." He said to the elder Misaki men.

"Mamoru's right.  We made a pact two years ago that once we found our princess we'd do everything we could to make certain nothing happened to her.  It's our duty as her Senshi." Minako added.

Yosho looked to Senshi leader and gave her his consent.

"If that is how you feel then we welcome your offer to help but just know the journey to Jurai is going to be a long one." Yosho told them.

********

Azusa didn't like the thought of being confined to his quarters.  And he didn't like not being able to see his wives.  Kagato's return to Jurai was worse than the day Ryoko had attacked the planet.  The pirate was different somehow this time around.  Kagato was able to overpower the palace guards a lot easier than he should have been able to.  This had Azusa worried even though it didn't show.

Azusa was staring out the window of his suite when the door opened to reveal Kagato.  The pirate had come to try and strike a deal with the emperor, his life for the gems.

"Well, well, well the mighty emperor Azusa.  Not so powerful now that you can't fight back." Kagato taunted him.

"I swear I'll find a way to break free of this.  And once my son hears of this he'll come back and defeat you Kagato." Azusa replied defiantly.

"Do you really think Yosho and his grandchildren are going to be able to stop me?" Kagato asked.

"They'll find a way."

Kagato had to give the emperor credit.  He believed strongly in Yosho and his grandchildren.  But now that he was endowed with gifts from the goddess Tokimi Kagato was stronger than he ever was.

"When they get here what they'll find is a Jurai under my control and if they don't hand over the gems then they'll also find a dead emperor." Kagato told him.

Azusa glared at the space pirate almost daring him to try and do something.  Kagato just returned Azusa's glare with a smug expression of his own.  The little grin that crept across Kagato's face seemed to mock the emperor.

"If that's how you want to play this little game then so be it." Kagato commented.

********

Mihoshi Kuramitsu granddaughter of the Galaxy Police Commissioner came from a long line Galaxy Police detectives.  Mihoshi was the first woman in her family to receive a detective's badge.  Some say this was due to her great skill but others say she received preferential treatment because of her grandfather's position in the GP.  Whatever the reason Mihoshi was one of the best detectives the current generation of Galaxy Police Officers had ever seen.  She was instrumental in bringing down some of the galaxy's most wanted criminals.  However there was one minor problem.  Mihoshi's methods left a lot of damage when the case was over with.  This caused her superiors to have countless migraines because they couldn't bring about any punishment due to her grandfather's position.

People had often said Mihoshi was blessed with never-ending dumb luck.  Her former partner Kiyone was one of those individuals.  Kiyone knew Mihoshi was a good detective but the methods she used frustrated the teal haired detective to the point where she requested a transfer to another star system.  That request became the straw that broke the camel's back for the detective sergeant in charge of her division.  Mihoshi was then sent to the Sol System to patrol the area.  The decision gave everyone a chance to recover from Mihoshi's latest missions.  But GP HQ knew sooner or later a reason would arise for Mihoshi to return to Prime Center.  That reason had just presented itself.

With the hostage situation on Jurai unfolding a mile a minute Mihoshi knew she had to get in contact with her grandfather.  She needed to see if the commissioner of the Galaxy Police and the head of Jurai's military would object to her escorting the Crown Princess of Jurai and her family back to Jurai to help bring about an end to the hostage situation on the planet's surface.  This would be the first time anyone from Jurai and the GP would publicly work together 

Mihoshi stood before the communications console in Washu's other dimension lab waiting for a reply from Prime Center.  A few minutes after Mihoshi had placed the call a woman with short curly purple hair and matching eyes appeared on the screen.  The woman wore a slightly different version of the GP uniform Mihoshi now had on and headset upon her head.

"Galaxy Police how may I direct your call?" the woman asked Mihoshi.

"This is First Class Detective Mihoshi Kuramitsu requesting to speak with Commissioner Kuramitsu please." Mihoshi requested.

The woman at the GP switchboard typed in a few commands on her console to see if the commissioner was accepting any calls at the moment.  After a few moments she turned her attention back to Mihoshi to let her know if she could speak to her grandfather.

"The commissioner is free to take your call.  I'll have you transferred to his private line in a few moments detective." She told Mihoshi.

The screen went blank and a message saying transferring call came on.  After a minute of waiting the message left the screen and the man from the press conference appeared.  A big smile was on his face as he greeted Mihoshi.

"Ah Mihoshi it's good to hear from you again.  Where are you calling from?  That doesn't look like the inside of your shuttle." The commissioner said.

"It isn't.  My shuttle sustained a bit of damage during my last reentry and now I'm using the communications console in Washu's lab to call you." Mihoshi told her grandfather.

"I see.  Now what is it you wanted to talk to me about?" he asked her.

"Well we heard about the trouble on Jurai here and we've all decided to head there to see what we can do to help.  The thing is Jurai really hasn't been on good terms with the GP and I wanted to make certain you and the admiral wouldn't object to my going with Princess Ayeaka and Princess Sasami."

"You were right to call and check in Mihoshi.  I was going to get a hold of you to have you come back to Prime Center.  If the person behind the hostage situation is indeed Kagato I want you here to assist the lead detective on the case.  You have more experience dealing with him than anyone else on the force."

"So you want me to return to HQ then?"

"Yes and it would be helpful to have the princesses and anyone else associated with the royal family here too."

Mihoshi got a big smile on her face.  Her grandfather and the admiral were going to be in for a big surprise.  The commissioner was expecting maybe at the most seven extra individuals.  What he was going to get would be fourteen extra people associated in one form or another to the royal family of Jurai.

"There's going to be a lot of extra people coming along with me grandpa.  Are you sure you and grandma can handle it?" Mihoshi asked him.

"Your Grandma Mayami and I would love to have them stay with us for a couple of days." The commissioner said.

"Great I'll get in touch with you before we leave.  Mihoshi signing off." Mihoshi replied with a salute and a smile.

********

Dr. Clay recovered from failure quite fast.  The arrogant scientist and former student of Washu had a contingency plan when it came to exacting his revenge on Washu.  And now he was going to put that plan into affect.  Clay didn't like going to the seedier parts of the galaxy but it had to be done if he was to get in touch with his contacts in the interplanetary black market.

The small dark dirty bar Clay walked into was a popular hang out for the scum of the universe.  And while he preferred the peace and quiet of the coffee bars he frequented the individual he was looking for thrived in the noise and filth the bar had to offer.  Clay looked around the bar for a few moments before spotting the person he was going to meet sitting at a small wooden table.  The hood on the cloak Clay's contact usually wore was pulled over the person's face to hide it from prying eyes.

Clay walked over to the table and sat down.  Looking at the person across from him he noticed a stiff drink in front of the female, yes Clay's contact was definitely female, instead of the usual Gorgon beer she normally drank.  The woman lifted the glass to her face and finished off the golden brown liquid before signaling a barmaid to come and take another drink order from her.  The green haired cat like creature came over to the table and flipped her pad to the woman's page and began to take the order.

"Another scotch and soda?" the barmaid asked.

"Yes and make it a double this time." The hooded woman replied.

"And for you sir?" the barmaid said while she wrote down the first request.

"I'll just have some rice wine." Clay told her.

The woman at the table turned her head to face Clay and let out a small laugh as the barmaid went to place their order.

"You always stuck to your weak brews.  Why can't you be a man for once and try something that will put hair on your chest?" she taunted him.

"Simple my dear I need to have a clear mind." Clay replied.

The woman knew it was not a good idea to start an argument with the doctor and decided to change the subject.  Getting down to business she asked Clay the reason for their meeting.

"Tell me doctor why did you call this little meeting?" she asked as the drinks were being served.

"I need someone to take care of a little matter for me.  As you may or may not have heard Washu has been freed of Kagato's dimensional prison.  She was freed during a mission to rescue Ryoko from Kagato.  Ryoko was freed from her prison two weeks prior to that.  What I need from you is to have you do away with Ryoko and bring Washu to me." Clay told her.

The woman took a sip of her drink and pondered what Clay had told her.  She didn't do anyone any favors and it sounded like that was what Clay wanted from her a favor.

"If I do this for you what's in it for me?" she asked him.

"Simple you get your usual compensation from me plus you can keep any money collected from any old bounties still on Ryoko's head." Clay told her.

The woman let out a small chuckle at what Clay had said before giving her response.

"You're usual compensation gets put into my account each month whether I do anything for you or not.  But since I have a chance to get Ryoko I'll accept your offer father."

********

Washu worked without sleep for three days trying to get Yukinojo repaired in a reasonable amount of time.  The repairs to the body of the ship took no time at all to fix.  It was the computer system itself that posed the challenge for the petite scientist and her blue haired assistant.  The complex GP AI unit was one of a kind and had a neural net system that required specific parts in order to work properly.  It was going to take a lot of work to repair each individual circuit board by hand but the pair of geniuses was doing the best they could.  The combined knowledge of the self proclaimed number one genius in the universe and the top student in Japan according to the national tests was astonishing.

"Ami how are you coming on retrieving the self diagnostic program?" Washu asked.

"I'm downloading it now into the new repair module we built last night.  With any luck we should be able to have the repair programs up and running shortly." Ami replied.

As Ami worked on the last component needed before they could install and test the AI unit in the ship Washu worked on the problem of getting fourteen individuals to fit into one ship and have a place to stay.  Mihoshi had her quarters on the ship but the small room wouldn't be able to accommodate everyone.  What the ship needed was a large space that could fit within a small space without feeling cramped.  It was this query that gave Washu one of her famous brainstorms.

"Eureka!  I have solved the greatest of our immediate problems.  I know how we can get all of us to fit inside Yukinojo with room to spare." Washu announced.

Ami was about to ask Washu how she planned on doing that when Makoto came into the lab carrying a tray that was filled with Ami's favorite sandwiches, desserts, and drinks.

"Lunch lady!" Makoto called out.

The two science buffs took a look at the food and wondered Makoto was bringing them food in the lab instead of calling them to lunch.

"Makoto what's up with the room service?" Washu asked her.

"Since you guys missed another meal Sasami and I thought we should whip up a little something for you two to eat.  I have here on this tray everything Ami likes to eat when she's trying to solve a complex problem." Makoto began, "We have ham on white, turkey on wheat, corned beef on marble rye, and liver sausage on white.  Plus there's an assortment of small dessert cakes and tarts and coffee and lemonade to drink."

"You know you don't have to make us so much food Makoto." Ami said.

Makoto smiled at her friend and gave her the usual reason why she always made a lot of food for her friends when she cooked.

"Hey I wanted to and besides I wouldn't do it for any other person." She replied.

Ami grabbed one of the sandwiches and some lemonade before turning her attention back to the topic at hand before Makoto brought in the lunch.

"Washu how are you going to go about making it so everyone can fit inside Mihoshi's ship?" Ami asked her older counterpart.

"Well it's simple really.  What I do is turn the inside of the Misaki house into a whole new separate dimension and then I make the front door of the house the gateway into that dimension." Washu began, "With the dimension in place all I have to do is shrink the outside of the house so it fits into the ship without being too small and there you have it."

Makoto was impressed by what she heard.  Washu made it sound so easy to accomplish.

"Can it really be done." She asked the genius.

"This lab here is its own dimension.  So technically I can do it.  It's the part where I turn the house into a dimensional container that I have to work on." Washu said.

Makoto knew things were going to start getting complicated in the lab and decided to let the two science nuts get back to their work.

"Sounds real interesting but I think I should let you get back to your work.  Let us know when your finished so we can get going." Makoto said before leaving the lab.

********

Tokimi watched the scene play itself out on Jurai.  Neither the Galaxy Police nor the Jurai military were able to stop Kagato from taking over the Imperial Palace on Jurai.  Everything was falling into place as the rest of the main players were preparing to head into space to journey to the planet Jurai.

Tokimi not only watched over the Misaki family but also she watched over Dr. Clay to make certain he didn't interfere with her plans.  The goddess had noticed the doctor had gone into a rather seedy looking bar to meet with a cloaked woman.  It seemed Dr. Clay wanted to get revenge on Washu so badly he was sending the woman after her.  Tokimi wasn't pleased with the good doctor's actions but the new player in her little game was going to make things quite interesting.

"Ever the persistent little devil.  I have to give you credit for that Clay." Tokimi commented.

********

The repairs to the Yukinojo were finally completed and the problem of where everyone was going to sleep had been solved.  After moving things into the interior of the house from the shrine Washu shrunk the house to a compact portable size for the initial journey to Yukinojo's main ship.  But before they were to leave on Ryo-Ohki the Misaki family said their good-byes to the departed members of their family.

Yosho, Nobuyuki, Tenchi, Usagi, and Luna stood before the two small grave markers in silent prayer.  When the praying had finished Yosho was the first to speak.

"My wife Kimiko and my beloved daughter Achieka I am going to miss you so very much.  I know it will be hard to be away from the shrine but we must make this journey in order to save my family and my people.  After seven hundred years I am going to return to the place of birth." Yosho said.

Nobuyuki was the next to speak and cleared his throat before beginning.

"Achieka honey I don't know what I'll be able to do on this journey but I promise you I'll make certain our children return home safely.  I'm going to miss you like I always do." Nobuyuki said before breaking down into tears.

Tenchi sighed at the sight of his father bawling like his sister sometimes did and took his turn to say his good-byes to his mother.

"Mom, grandma I know I don't come here everyday like Usagi does but I'll miss you just the same.  I'll watch over her if we should get into anymore trouble and I'll make certain she doesn't rush into anything she isn't ready for.  I love you with y heart mom." Tenchi said.

The small group waited for a couple of minutes to see who would go next.  When Usagi still hadn't taken her turn Luna decided she would go next.

"Grandmother Misaki, Achieka as Usagi's guardian feline it's my job to watch over her and keep her from doing the wrong things.  But I guess after two years of living with her family I can consider myself the guardian of the entire Misaki family.  I promise the both of you I will do everything within my abilities to make certain your family returns to the Earth in one piece." Luna told them.

Finally, it was Usagi's turn to speak.  The men in her family backed off a bit to give Usagi a moment by herself with her mother's spirit.  This was harder for Usagi than it was for the others.  Kneeling before her mother's grave maker Usagi began to cry.

"Mother, my Okasan I'm going to miss you very much and I'm going to miss our little talks each day.  I've already said goodbye to Funahu and now I say the same to you.  Ever since Mamoru and the Senshi came into my life I've learned so much about myself.  But whatever new things I learn about my past you will always be my mother and for that I am eternally grateful.  I love you mother with all my heart and I'll make you proud of me." Usagi said with tears running down her face.

Usagi then did the same thing she always did each time she spoke to her mother.  Usagi kissed her fingers and then placed them upon the kanji for her mother's name.

********

Yukinojo and Ryo-Ohki made their way to the large mothership that made up the main part of Mihoshi's ship.  After docking with the ship Mihoshi prepared to bring everyone on Ryo-Ohki over to Yukinojo.  When the last passenger was safely on the GP patrol ship Ryo-Ohki changed back into a cabbit and was beamed aboard by Mihoshi.

As the members of the Misaki house began setting up the Misaki house inside the main cargo bay on Yukinojo Mihoshi contacted Prime Center.

The same woman from a few days prior was manning the switchboard and answered Mihoshi's call.  And before Mihoshi could request to talk to her grandfather the woman greeted her.

"Detective Kuramitsu it's a pleasure to speak to you again.  The commissioner is expecting your call.  I'll patch you through to him right away." She said.

"Thank you." Mihoshi said before the screen went into customary transfer mode.

When the message was replaced by an image Mihoshi saw her grandfather with a big grin on his face that showed off his small elongated canines.

"Mihoshi I take it this means you and your friends are on your way to Prime Center?" the commissioner said.

"Yep, we just Yukinojo working better than ever.  Everyone is on board and as soon as I end my call to you we can get underway." Mihoshi replied.

"Mihoshi you never did tell me who was all coming besides the princesses."

"Well, lets see.  There's Tenchi and Usagi, their father Nobuyuki, their grandfather Yosho, Ryoko, Washu, Ryo-Ohki, the moon cats Luna and Artimes, Mamoru, and the four Senshi." Mihoshi said as she counted each person off on her fingers.

Commissioner Kuramitsu tried hard not to faint when he came up with the final number of people and animals he and his wife were going to be hosting when Mihoshi returned to Prime Center.  By his count there were nineteen individuals crammed inside Yukinojo.  Mihoshi's grandfather wondered how in the known galaxies they were all able to fit in the GP patrol ship.

"Mihoshi that's nineteen people in your ship.  Are you certain they can all fit in there comfortably?" he wondered.

"Oh yeah everyone can fit inside the ship just fine.  Washu set it up so the Misaki house can fit inside the cargo bay.  She made the inside a dimension like her lab so it stayed the same size.  When we pick up the other detective they can stay in the other half of my room." Mihoshi explained.

"I see." he replied, "Mihoshi you never said anything about Senshi in your report.  Who are they?"

"You remember what I said about Usagi Misaki in my report grandpa.  Well the Senshi are like her only they work out of Tokyo with Artimes and Mamoru.  I've got some information in my computer I can send you on them." Mihoshi explained.

"You do that Mihoshi while I help your grandmother prepare for the small crowd we'll be hosting." The commissioner said.

Mihoshi tried not to laugh at the expression on her grandfather's face but it was just too hard to keep a straight face when the commissioner of the GP looked flabbergasted.

"Mihoshi signing off." She said between giggles with a salute.

With the call to her grandfather made Mihoshi laid in the course to Prime Center and the journey to the planet Jurai was underway.

********

I bet you didn't think you'd be seeing Clay again.  Who is this mystery woman who calls him father and what role will she play?  Those answers will come to light in future chapters as the Tenchi OVA world and the TV world begin to merge together.

Our plucky little band of travelers make the first of many stops along the way to Jurai at Prime Center where they will not only meet up with Mihoshi's family but her old partner Kiyone (Kiyone fans go nuts).  Find out the real reason why they broke their partnership.

About the soap Mihoshi and Minako were watching.  In the OVA I recall Mihoshi and Ryoko watching a penguin soap where the male character was going to kiss a reluctant female character.  The people on the planet it came from looked a lot like penguins to me so that's why I will forever more refer to Mihoshi favorite program as the penguin soap.

And now a big thanks to all of you who read and review my little work.  It makes me feel good to know people like what I write.  But I want to make this story even better so please visit the Tenchi and Usagi Muyo discussion board and please if you have questions that pop up while reading this story don't hesitate to ask them.  I am open to your suggestions so please give them.

March Madness is upon us once again which means it is time for the author to put in her own two cents about her favorite men's and women's teams in the tourneys.  On the men's side it is definitely Illinois all the way (Go Illini).  And on the women's side I see ND pulling a big upset over UConn in the final game and exacting their revenge for the buzzer beater in the Big East title game.  In my little world U of I and ND rate above all things and when the ND men suck like they have been for the past eleven years I pull for ND women.  Just because they made it into the tourney doesn't mean they will win it with their track record for the past year.

Enough of my ramblings the next episode will be out soon and please support your favorite men's and women's college B-ball teams.
