She was pregnant once more.  It was a great risk but the life growing inside her 
had to be born.  There was no way she would terminate the life before it even 
had a chance to live.  It was as simple as that and that was the topic of the 
argument she was currently having with her father at the moment.  Her father out 
of concern for her life had reminded her many times how difficult the last 
pregnancy was.  She had spent many months confined to bed rest after a scare 
with the fetus had left her quite weak.  Her husband didn't know what could have 
caused her delicate condition but her father knew all too well.  He knew the 
risk she was running by getting pregnant; he knew what she had done to save him 
and how it affected her body.

"Achieka I don't see why you are so intent on seeing this pregnancy through.  
You know how weak you became after the fight with Kain.  And giving birth to 
Tenchi made you even weaker.  The doctors said giving birth to another child 
would be playing with your own life.  You could die Achieka and I don't want to 
loose you." Her father said showing much concern and fear for his only child.

Achieka just looked her father in the eyes and gave him her response.

"Father you know how I feel about this.  I love Nobuyuki and Tenchi with all my 
heart and I love my unborn child just as much.  There is no way I can terminate 
this pregnancy.  And if by some miracle I survive this I promise you this will 
be the last child I give birth to." Achieka argued.

Acheika's father had to admit to himself that his daughter had a valid point.  
It just wasn't in her nature to end a life without a just cause.  And to Achieka 
trying to prevent something that might not happen was not a just cause in her 
book.

With a sigh Achieka's father gave her his final thought on the situation, 
"Alright if you want this that badly I will not stop you."

Achieka gave her father a hug and a kiss on the cheek before heading out of the 
shrine office.

"Don't worry daddy I know this one will be just as special as Tenchi." Achieka 
said from the doorway to the office.

Well Katsuhito Misaki you're going to be a grandfather again, he thought, then 
why aren't you happy about it.

********

Tenchi and Usagi Muyo
Episode One: Children of Jurai

********

Katsuhito Misaki once known as Yosho Crown Prince of the planet Jurai tried to 
put the argument from that afternoon out of his head as he tried to sleep.  The 
once valiant warrior turned Shinto priest feared for the life of his only child 
Achieka.  The man who had faced off against the feared space pirate Ryoko didn't 
know what he would do if he lost Achieka.
After his wife had passed away when Achieka was twelve she became his strength.  
Achieka had given Katsuhito a reason to go on each day.  And together they 
forged ahead learning to live life once more.  When Nobuyuki came into Achieka's 
life Katsuhito had to remind himself he wasn't loosing his daughter he was 
gaining a son.  Nobuyuki cared for Achieka and helped her get through the period 
following the attack by Kain so when he asked for her hand in marriage Katsuhito 
was glad to give his consent to the young couple.

After the wedding things went smoothly.  Achieka and Nobuyuki moved into the 
shrine house while the house Nobuyuki had designed was being built within the 
city of Okayama.  Katsuhito and Nobuyuki became closer each realizing they 
shared some of the same interests and thoughts.  This made Achieka happy, for 
the men in her life were getting along famously.  And then the day came that 
almost broke both Katsuhito and Achieka's hearts.  The day the young couple 
moved into their own home.

The separation anxiety felt by both father and daughter was erased the day 
Achieka told Katsuhito he was going to be a grandfather.  The thought of having 
a grandchild made Katsuhito feel like the luckiest man in the universe.  
Nobuyuki may have been the luckiest man on Earth but Katsuhito was the luckiest 
man in the rest of the known universe.  Then it happened.  For some unknown 
reason Achieka's blood pressure dropped dramatically and she almost lost the 
baby.
The doctors were able to stabilize the baby and get Achieka's blood pressure 
under control but Achieka was ordered to remain in bed until baby was born.  
Once again Achieka needed her father more than anything in the world.  Nobuyuki 
thought it best for both his wife and the baby if she spend the last few months 
of the pregnancy back at her father's house at the shrine.  Then on April 
twenty-fourth Achieka gave birth to a bouncing baby boy.  Achieka named the boy 
after the family sword Tenchi.

On the day of Tenchi's birth the doctors told Achieka and Nobuyuki that another 
pregnancy would most likely be fatal to both mother and child.  Achieka took the 
news hard but decided that if she were to become pregnant again she would let 
fate decide if she and the baby would live or die.  And now months after giving 
birth to Tenchi Achieka found out she was pregnant once again.  Nobuyuki was 
ecstatic when he heard they would be having another child but Katsuhito was 
weary.  Katsuhito remembered what the doctor had said after the last pregnancy 
and he couldn't bear the thought of loosing his daughter.

The argument between father and daughter left Katsuhito feeling as though he had 
been too hard on her.  He knew his daughter would give up her life to protect 
her children.  And if that meant going through with the pregnancy she would.  
For the first time in almost seven hundred years Yosho prince of Jurai was 
scared.  For the first time in almost seven hundred years Yosho didn't know what 
to do.

Then it happened Katsuhito began dreaming.  The dream was simple enough.  He was 
standing by the lake at the bottom of the hill where the shrine was located.  In 
the middle of the lake he could see his spaceship tree Funahu.  As he watched a 
bird return to a nest somewhere within the tree Katsuhito could feel a firm yet 
gentle hand upon his shoulder.  Turning around Katsuhito was face to face with a 
woman of great beauty.  She had delicate alabaster skin, ice blue eyes, and 
silvery blonde hair done in a twin bun and ponytail style.  Upon her forehead 
was an upturned crescent moon and she wore delicate white dress.

"Yosho Crowned Prince of Jurai I am Serenity queen of the Moon Kingdom.  I have 
come to you to discuss the child your daughter bares within her." Serenity said.

"My daughter is determined to have this child." Katsuhito commented.

"And this scares you?" Serenity inquired.

"More than when I lost my wife to caner.  This isn't just my daughter's life but 
the life of my unborn grandchild as well." Katsuhito replied with a hint of fear 
in his voice.

Serenity knew all too well what it was like to loose a child.  She could 
understand Katsuhito's fear and she had come to help ease that fear.  Serenity 
had news for Katsuhito that would make him feel just as excited about the 
pregnancy as his daughter and her husband were.

"Yosho your daughter will live through the birth as will her daughter.  I had 
chosen your family for my daughter to be reborn into because of your unique 
background.  Love her as you love your grandson and help mold her into a strong 
individual.  With your abilities and the abilities she inherited from me your 
granddaughter will need all the love and support she can get." Serenity told 
him.

Katsuhito pondered what Serenity had told him.  Achieka and the baby would 
survive the pregnancy but at what cost.  As long as he knew he wouldn't loose 
his daughter Katsuhito Misaki could be truly happy for Achieka and Nobuyuki.
"Then I guess all I can do is give my daughter and her children all the love and 
support they'll need." Katsuhito replied.

Serenity smiled at Katsuhito and gave him one last comment before fading out of 
existence.
"One day Katsuhito Misaki you will understand why I chose your family for your 
granddaughter to be born into." Serenity said.

With that Serenity was gone and Katsuhito Misaki awoke from his dream.

********

Achieka's pregnancy went along as expected.  There were no bumps along the road 
and Achieka was right on schedule when something happened.  Three weeks before 
Achieka was due to have the baby on June thirtieth one year two months and six 
days after she gave birth to Tenchi she went into premature labor.  Achieka was 
too far along in the labor for the doctors to delay it.  In order to save her 
life and the life of her child Achieka underwent a cesarean.  And three hours 
after arriving at the hospital Usagi Misaki was born into the world.

Katsuhito Misaki was lead to the room where his daughter and granddaughter were.  
Nobuyuki's parents were at the hospital with Tenchi who was fast asleep in his 
grandmother's arms.  Walking into the room Katsuhito saw his daughter holding 
the tiny bundle that was his granddaughter.  Achieka looked pale and tired but 
very happy.  Nobuyuki was smiling from ear to ear and now had the beginnings of 
mustache growing on his face.  Looking over at his daughter Katsuhito beamed 
with fatherly pride.

"Daddy I have someone I'd like you to meet." Achieka said with a big smile on 
her face.

Katsuhito walked over to his daughter's bedside and got his first good look at 
the tiny bundle of joy in her arms.  There wrapped in little white blanket with 
pink bunnies and yellow crescent moons dotted all over it was his granddaughter.  
She looked just like her mother with her tiny nose and ears.  The top of her 
head was covered in a crown of soft blonde locks and her eyes when she opened 
them were two large azure blue pools sparkling as they caught each facet of the 
light in the room.

"She's beautiful Achieka." Katsuhito said to his daughter.

With a smile Achieka introduced her daughter to her father, "Daddy I'd like you 
to meet your granddaughter Usagi Misaki."

********

One month after Usagi was born the doctors declared she was big enough to go 
home.  It was the happiest day for Achieka and Nobuyuki since the birth of 
Tenchi.  And even though both mother and daughter survived the birth Achieka's 
health was never the same.  As time went on Achieka was more susceptible to 
illnesses than she was after Tenchi was born.

As the years went on Achieka spent more time bedridden than she did with her 
children and husband.  Tenchi and Usagi began to accept the fact that their 
mother wouldn't be able to do much with them.  But they learned to make do with 
what they had.  By the time Tenchi was four and Usagi was three they began 
learning martial arts from their grandfather Katsuhito.  It helped to take their 
minds off their chronically ill mother and form a strong bond with their 
grandfather.
Life was going pretty well for the Misaki family then one day everything 
changed.  Tenchi was five and Usagi was four.  It was a day like any other; 
Usagi was spending what little time she could with her mother.  Achieka was 
doing Usagi's hair putting it up into a double bun and ponytail style.  Turning 
Usagi around she smiled at her daughter and told her the same thing she always 
told her children before they left the room she was in.

"Usagi Misaki you are a very special person and I want you to know that I love 
you very much and you'll always be in my heart forever." Achieka told her 
daughter.

Usagi not knowing her mother's reason for telling her how much she loved her 
kissed her mother on the cheek and told her she loved her.

"I love you too mama." Usagi replied.

"Now you go outside and play with your oniisan.  Mommy needs to take a nap." 
Achieka said.

"Okay mommy." Usagi replied as she ran out the door.

Usagi found Tenchi outside running around chasing little white dots that were 
falling from the sky.  Not knowing what her big brother was doing Usagi stood 
before him with her innocent eyes full of curiosity as she asked him her 
question.

"What are you doing Tenchi-niisan?" Usagi asked him.

Tenchi turned and faced his little sister and with a big smile he explained the 
game he was playing with the snowflakes.

"I'm chasing snowflakes trying to catch them Usako imoto-chan." Tenchi said.

"I want to chase them too Tenchi." Usagi told him.

Tenchi saw this as a challenge and he was ready to take that challenge.

"I bet you I can catch more than you." He dared his little sister.

The two Misaki children soon found themselves laughing and having a good time as 
they chased after the many snowflakes that fell from the sky.  Usagi went from 
trying to catch them in her hand to trying to catch them in her mouth.  Thirty 
minutes went by since Usagi joined Tenchi in the simplest and purest of all 
childhood games.  As the siblings tried to catch another snowflake a pair of 
hands found themselves onto the two children's shoulders.  Turning around Tenchi 
and Usagi saw their father standing over them with a sorrowful look upon his 
face.  Something was wrong and the Misaki children knew it.

"Tenchi, Usagi I'm afraid your mother passed on.  I went to check on her and she 
told me she loved me and you two before closing her eyes for good.  We all knew 
she was very sick and this was a great possibility.  She's in a better place 
now.  She's with her mommy now." Nobuyuki told his children.

Tenchi began crying the moment he heard his mother was gone for good.  Usagi 
just looked at her brother and her father before running into the house.  Going 
all the way up to her parents' bedroom Usagi stopped dead in her tracks when she 
saw Achieka's lifeless body lying upon the bed.  Running to the bed Usagi put 
her little head on top of her mother's body and began crying big crocodile 
tears.

Two days later Nobuyuki buried his wife next to her mother in the small family 
graveyard at the Misaki shrine.  The graveyard was in reality a small piece of 
land on the shrine grounds underneath a fairly good-sized Japanese maple tree 
where Katsuhito had buried his wife Kimiko.  Now his daughter Achieka was being 
laid to rest next to her.  It was the hardest thing any parent or spouse could 
ever do.

********

For two years following his wife's death Nobuyuki mourned his loss.  If it 
weren't for his children Nobuyuki would have shut himself out from the rest of 
the world.  Tenchi and Usagi gave Nobuyuki a reason to go on each day.  The two 
Misaki children became the most important people in his life.  And it was at 
this time in their lives that Tenchi and Usagi began spending more time with 
their grandfather Katsuhito at the shrine.

Katsuhito began telling his grandchildren stories about their ancestors.  It was 
in the telling of these stories that Katsuhito turned the tale of his own 
arrival on Earth and the defeat of the Space Pirate Ryoko into a great legend.  
And between the kendo lessons and the shrine work Tenchi and Usagi would listen 
to Katsuhito's tales for hours on end.

Two years after Achieka passed on Nobuyuki stopped mourning over her death.  It 
was at this time that Nobuyuki began buying girl's romance comics and magazines 
in hopes of getting a date.  And even though he had procured quite the 
collection of manga and magazines Nobuyuki had no luck in getting a date.  But 
Nobuyuki wasn't the only one to read the romance comics.  Usagi began reading 
the manga by looking at the pictures and following the stories as best she 
could.  Usagi was hooked on them.

The lives of Tenchi and Usagi stayed pretty much the same over the years 
following their mother's death.  Every day they would go to school and on the 
weekends and during school breaks they would go to their grandfather's house at 
the Misaki shrine to receive their kendo lessons and spend time with their 
grandfather.  Then one day ten years after their mother had passed on something 
or rather someone new came into the lives of the Misaki family.

********

It was a little over a month after Usagi's fourteenth birthday when the incident 
had taken place.  Tenchi and Usagi were on their way to school that morning when 
Usagi happened upon a small group of local boys harassing a stray black cat.  
Usagi couldn't stand to see the poor cat being mishandled the way it was so the 
only daughter of Nobuyuki Misaki defended its life.

"Hey you leave that cat alone!" Usagi yelled.

One of the boys stood up and turned to face her.

"Oh yeah who's going to stop us?" he demanded to know.

Getting into the ready position Usagi stood her ground.

"I am!" she told him defiantly.

A second boy stood up next to his friend.

"You and what army?" the second one inquired.

It was at that point Tenchi came over to back up his sister getting into a 
similar ready position.

"This army!" Tenchi said.

The third boy not wanting to get beat up over a cat turned to his friends to 
suggest a hasty retreat.

"Let's get out of here.  I don't want to get beat up by those two." He said.

With that the three boys turned tail and ran off from the scene.

Usagi feeling sorry for the cat began removing the bags from its feet and the 
bandage from its forehead.  Upon removing the bandage Usagi saw an upturned 
crescent moon on the cat's forehead.  Then the strangest thing took place.  The 
cat began looking at Usagi as though it was sizing her up.  The cat's actions 
freaked out Usagi who promptly dropped the cat on its feet.  With the cat out of 
his sister's arms Tenchi grabbed Usagi by the wrist and they ran off to school.  
And as they left the scene the cat took one last look at Usagi.

"Could she be the one I'm looking for." The cat said in a soft female voice, 
"I'd better follow her and find out."

The cat watched as Usagi and her brother rounded a corner and entered one of the 
local schools.  Looking at the building the cat took note of where Usagi went to 
school.  Realizing it would be a while before she would see Usagi again the cat 
decided to go to the designated check in station her bosses had set up for her 
while she was in Okayama.

Walking down the street the cat made her way to a small local arcade and ice 
cream parlor.  Going inside the arcade the cat walked over to one of the 
machines.  Looking around she saw that no one was watching her and jumped up 
onto the video game.  The cat began pressing the buttons in a specific pattern 
and when she was through the screen went blank and a voice began talking to her.

"Please state your password and ID." The voice instructed.

"The early cat gets the mouse." she replied, "This is agent kitty one 
reporting."

Upon recognizing her password and ID the screen began displaying all sorts of 
data on Okayama and some strange occurrences taking place within the small city.  
The voice then began speaking to her once more.

"Welcome agent Luna it is good to hear from you once more.  Central command has 
retrieved this data concerning the recent attacks in the Okayama area.  They 
believe it is the work of an organization known as the Dark Agency.  You must 
find the chosen one and help her understand her destiny." He said.

"But how will I know who she is?" Luna wanted to know.

"You will know when you have found her Luna." He explained.

"Then I think I have already found her." Luna said.

"That is good.  As for your other mission our other agent has found the first of 
his Senshi last night and they are working well together.  Once he has uncovered 
all of his Senshi the search for the princess can begin.  We will keep you 
informed of his progress and what you can do from your end.  Good luck Luna." 
The voice replied.

After taking a good look at the information displayed on the screen Luna signed 
off.

"This is agent kitty one signing off." Luna said.

Punching a simple series of buttons on the video game Luna returned the screen 
to its normal state.  She then hopped off the video game and made her way back 
to the school.

Upon reaching the school Luna saw a group of girls outside in the large playing 
field next to the school.  They had changed from their regular uniforms into the 
uniforms required for gym class.  Standing in the middle of a smaller group of 
girls was Usagi.  Looking at her again Luna knew right away that Usagi was 
indeed the one she was looking for.

That afternoon as Usagi and Tenchi made their way home Luna followed close 
behind keeping out of sight.  Better not reveal myself to Usagi while her 
brother is around, Luna thought.
When the Misaki siblings entered their house Luna bounded up a nearby tree and 
watched the bedrooms for any signs of Usagi to appear in one of them.  After ten 
minutes of waiting Usagi appeared in the bedroom closest to the tree Luna was 
perched in.  After giving the younger Misaki a few minutes to change clothes and 
conveniently open the window Luna jumped into the room landing on top of Usagi's 
desk startling the young woman.

"Kitty what are you doing here?  Don't you have a home?" Usagi asked her.

Luna looked Usagi in the eyes and did the one thing that almost made the 
schoolgirl faint, talk.

"My name is Luna and I have been sent to find you Usagi Misaki.  You have been 
chosen to help fight against the forces of evil.  A group known as the Dark 
Agency has been attacking innocent people here in Okayama and it's your job to 
protect the people of this city from them." Luna said.

Usagi found it hard to believe a cat could talk.  But after the initial shock 
wore off Usagi figured Luna was the real thing and must really need her help 
dealing with these evil forces.

"What about the police?  Aren't they doing anything?" Usagi asked Luna.

"The police have just categorized these attacks as nothing more than 
unexplainable events taking place within Okayama.  This is where you come in.  
You have the ability to fight these creatures.  The training you grandfather has 
been giving you will come in handy." Luna replied.

"Yeah but I don't think my kendo lessons will be enough against these guys." 
Usagi said still not believing she could make a noticeable difference.

"That is why Central Command has authorized me to give you this." Luna told her.

Luna jumped off the desk and bounded over to the bed.  Once there she did a 
quick back flip.  In a shower of sparkles a broach appeared out of nowhere and 
landed on the bed.  The broach was gold with a pink center that had a crescent 
moon on it surrounded by four smaller stones that were blue, red, green, and 
orange.  Picking up the broach Usagi could feel a surge of power rush through 
her body.

"That was weird." Usagi commented.

Looking at her new charge Luna was amazed at how well she was taking the entire 
situation.  Luna had expected Usagi to freak out and think she was dreaming.

"Now then with that broach in your hands you can become a defender of justice.  
Just say the words Moon Prism Power and you will become the Sailor Senshi known 
as Sailor Moon." Luna instructed.

Taking a deep breath Usagi decided to give it a try.

"Okay here goes nothing." Usagi began, "Moon Prism Power!"

Usagi's room was bathed in a bright flash of light as the transformation took 
place.  When the light had faded Usagi stood before Luna as Sailor Moon.  The 
broach she had was now resting in the middle of the bow on the front of her 
uniform.

********

Over the course of the next six months Usagi fought against the Dark Agency as 
Sailor Moon.  Keeping her identity from her family was quite difficult but 
necessary.  Then one day an event occurred that forced Usagi to reveal her 
identity as Sailor Moon to her brother and grandfather.  The Dark Agency sent 
one of its minions to the shrine to attack it and take the energy of those 
gathered at the shrine.  Knowing the only way to save her oniisan and her 
ojiisan was to transform Usagi did just that.  And with nowhere to go to 
transform Usagi became Sailor Moon right in front of them.

With the knowledge that his imoto-chan was Sailor Moon Tenchi became a great 
asset in the fight against the Dark Agency.  Tenchi also helped keep his 
sister's secret identity from their father.  Nobuyuki would have had a fit if he 
knew what Usagi was doing for he was quite protective of his daughter.  This was 
partly due to Usagi being born prematurely and because he didn't want any harm 
to befall her.

With the Dark Agency behind them Tenchi and Usagi could now concentrate on a 
normal life once again.  And for the next two years it seemed they could do just 
that.  Then one day their lives changed once again.  After years of listening to 
their grandfather's tales about their ancestor Yosho Tenchi and Usagi decided to 
see what the big deal was with the forbidden cave.

********

Tenchi and Usagi had spent the spring break during Usagi's first year of high 
school up at their grandfather's house at the Misaki shrine.  It was early in 
the morning on the day they were to go back to school and after sweeping the 
shrine grounds Usagi got a mischievous look upon her face.  Tenchi knew his 
sister was up to something by the looks she was giving him.  And with one 
cleverly worded phrase Usagi had laid out a challenge to her brother.

"Hey Tenchi-niisan I know why ojiisan doesn't want you going into that cave.  He 
thinks you aren't brave enough to face off against the demon that lives inside 
it." Usagi challenged.

Tenchi was up to the challenge laid out by his little sister and accepted it.

"Oh yeah I'll show you who's brave enough to go inside that cave." Tenchi told 
her.

With that Tenchi headed towards the cave with Usagi and Luna hot on his heels.

Upon entering the small cave Tenchi noticed a strange stone with anti evil wards 
tied to a rope around the stone.  Next to the stone was a rock that had what 
appeared to be a handle sticking out of it.  The handle was covered with moss 
and had three red dots upon it.  Something about the handle seemed to call out 
to Tenchi and the older Misaki child walked over and placed his hand upon it.

"You know I don't think this was such a good idea Usagi." Luna said.

"Oh Luna you worry too much." Usagi began, "What in Kami's name is he doing?" 
she wondered when she saw her brother trying to pull out the handle.

The handle came out fairly easy and revealed itself to be the hilt of a very 
rusty sword.  The moment the blade touched the air it disintegrated into a 
powder and fell to the cave floor.  And with the sword out of the rack the large 
stone in the center of the cave began cracking.

"Some sword this is it fell apart." Tenchi commented, "Must have been Yosho's."

Usagi was the first one to notice the very large crack in the stone growing 
quite large quite fast.

"Um oniisan I don't want to sound like a party pooper but that big stone over 
there is starting to fall apart." Usagi said very nervously.

Tenchi looked up from the sword to the large stone and saw what his little 
sister had noticed.  The stone was cracking and whatever was inside it could now 
be seen clearly.  With one final crack the stone shattered into thousands of 
tiny shards revealing a mummified creature.  The creature then began moving 
towards Tenchi and the sword hilt he had in his hand.  Nervously Tenchi began 
backing up to where his sister and Luna were standing.

"W...w...what do we do?" Tenchi asked Luna.

"I suggest we run." Luna replied.

"Luna that's the best suggestion you ever had." Usagi commented.

With that said Tenchi, Usagi, and Luna ran out of the cave and headed for town 
and the school.

The school day went pretty much as expected.  Usagi got in trouble with her 
sensei because she was caught snacking during class and received a detention.  
At lunchtime both Tenchi and Luna scolded Usagi for getting into trouble before 
trying to figure out the sword hilt.  And Tenchi said he would wait for her 
until detention was over with.

That was how the demon Ryoko found things when she came upon the school looking 
for the sword hilt Tenchi had on him.  Usagi was writing I will not eat in class 
on the blackboard and Tenchi was fast asleep in his homeroom.  Ryoko took 
advantage of the opportunity and snuck up upon Tenchi.

"Tenchi.  Tenchi." Ryoko said in lilting voice in Tenchi's ear.

Tenchi groggily woke from his nap and looked up only come face to face with the 
demon from the cave that morning.  Tenchi did the only sensible thing he could 
think of, he screamed.

"Y...y...you're the demon!" Tenchi yelled out.

"Of course I am.  Now be a good boy and give me the sword." Ryoko replied.

Tenchi tried to back away from Ryoko but only succeeded in toppling his chair 
over.  Getting angry with him Ryoko began generating some type of strange orange 
energy within her hand.  And after witnessing some of the youma Usagi had fought 
Tenchi knew he was in deep trouble.

"I said give me that sword!" Ryoko demanded as she sent the energy ball flying 
towards Tenchi.

The energy ball hit the wall of the classroom creating a new doorway.  The 
resulting explosion brought Usagi running into the classroom to see what was 
going on.  What she saw was the shrine demon attacking her brother.

"You leave my brother alone you...you demon!" Usagi called out.

Ryoko turned to face Usagi who was valiantly standing her ground in a ready 
position.

"Make me!" Ryoko challenged.

"Alright you asked for it!" Usagi replied.

Holding her hand up high Usagi called forth the power of her henshin broach.

"Moon Prism Power!" Usagi called out

The classroom was engulfed in a bright light and Usagi was transformed into 
Sailor Moon.  When the light faded Sailor Moon stood where Usagi once was.

"W...w...who are you?" Ryoko asked a bit nervously.

Usagi then went into her usual opening speech.

"I am the beautiful sailor suited soldier Sailor Moon!  And in the name of the 
moon I shall punish you." Sailor Moon announced.

"I'd like to see you try sailor girl." Ryoko said.

"If that's a challenge then I accept." Sailor Moon replied.

Tenchi looked over to where his sister and Ryoko were standing off.  Usagi 
looked as though she was ready to launch into one of her patented round house 
kicks.  And Ryoko was powering up her energy ball once again.  Tenchi knew he 
had to warn his sister and fast.

"Usagi watch out for her energy attack!" Tenchi called out.

"Right." Usagi called back with a nod.

Ryoko launched another energy ball straight at Usagi who dove out of the way 
just in time.  Energy ball hit the desks turning the classroom into a blazing 
inferno.  Usagi grabbed Tenchi, who had a firm grip on his school bag, and ran 
out of the room at the exact moment it totally was engulfed in flames.  Thinking 
Ryoko was a goner Tenchi and Usagi both breathed a sigh of relief.  But their 
joyous moment was cut short when Ryoko walked out of the burning room.

"She can walk through fire?" Tenchi questioned not expecting a response.

"Let's get out of here oniisan." Sailor Moon suggested.

"I'm with you." Tenchi replied as he led his sister into one of the other 
classrooms.

Tenchi quickly closed the door and noticed they were in the chemistry lab.  If 
anything happened in there they would be goners for certain.

Two minutes after they had arrived in chemistry lab Ryoko found them once again.  
But instead of opening the door she went right through it.  This scared the 
living daylights out of both Tenchi and Usagi.

"What is she?" Sailor Moon asked Tenchi.

"I don't know but I don't want to stay long enough to find out." Tenchi replied.

Ryoko who looked quite angry made an energy sword materialize in her hand.  The 
space pirate was ready to use her sword on Tenchi when something began glowing 
from within his school bag.  The school bag became two separate pieces and the 
sword hilt floated out of it and into Tenchi's hands.  The moment he touched it 
a blue energy blade shot out of the hilt and lit up the room.
Tenchi seemed to be running on pure instinct.  He was able to block every one of 
Ryoko's moves with the strange sword.  Every parry and thrust Ryoko made never 
touched the boy.  It was at that point that Usagi noticed a red stone on Ryoko's 
left wrist.  Recalling what her grandfather had told them Usagi formulated a 
quick plan.  Opening the door to the science lab Usagi hoped Tenchi would catch 
on and lead Ryoko out into the hallway.

Seeing what his sister wanted him to do Tenchi led Ryoko out into the hall and 
away from the chemicals in the lab.  Finding himself out in the hallway once 
again Tenchi wondered what he should do next.  Looking over to his sister he saw 
what the next step in her plan was going to be.

"Tenchi.  The legend ojiisan told us mentioned something about three stones for 
power.  I noticed one on her left wrist.  If I can get it that just might stop 
her." Sailor Moon told him.
"Go for it imoto-chan." Tenchi called back.

Placing her hand on the jewel in the center of her tiara Sailor Moon prepared 
for her final attack.

"Moon Tiara Magic!" Sailor Moon called out.

The tiara became a glowing disk of energy and Sailor Moon threw it towards 
Ryoko.  Ryoko quickly deflected the spinning disk sending it flying off to the 
left.  Tenchi saw what had happened and went for the gem on Ryoko's wrist.  But 
instead of destroying the gem the sword cut Ryoko's left hand off.  The gem fell 
to the ground and exploded.  Ryoko stopped her tirade and just stood there 
staring at where her hand used to be.  Tenchi noticed what happened and became 
apologetic.

"I'm sorry for what I did.  I didn't mean it really I didn't.  Can you ever 
forgive me." Tenchi said a mile a minute to her.

"We didn't mean to cut off your hand we're sorry." Sailor Moon added.

Ryoko looked up from her hand and saw the concerned looks on Tenchi and Usagi's 
faces.

"It's no big deal." Ryoko told them.

Ryoko placed her right hand on the stump where her left hand once was.  The lone 
hand began glowing and as she moved it away from the stump a new hand seemed to 
sprout from the old one.  When she was finished Ryoko had a matching set of 
hands once more.

"Tada!" she said with a bow.

Both Tenchi and Usagi were impressed with what they saw and began clapping.  It 
was at this point that the fire in the other classroom reached one of gas lines 
in the building.  The hall began exploding in a wall of flames and Ryoko 
vanished into thin air.  Usagi seeing no other alternative kicked out one of the 
windows and grabbed her brother before jumping out of the second story of the 
school.

Once safe on the ground and on the other side of the school gates Tenchi heard 
the sound of sirens heading their way.  It was time for them to leave.

"Come on Usako we're getting out of here.  We don't want to get in trouble with 
the police.  Especially since you're still Sailor Moon." Tenchi said.

With that the Misaki siblings left, their high school engulfed in flames.

********

Ryoko's arrival at the Misaki home was the first in a string of strange events 
that occurred over the next three months.  After Ryoko arrived came a pair of 
princesses from a planet called Jurai named Ayeaka and Sasami.  Upon their 
arrival the entire Misaki house was yanked off its foundation and transplanted 
next to the lake at the bottom of the hill were the Misaki shrine was.  Nobuyuki 
saw this as a great opportunity for his children and welcomed the two new 
guests.

A week after Ayeaka and Sasami arrived Ryoko's ship Ryo-Ohki regenerated itself 
and was born as a cute and cuddly little cabbit with an appetite for carrots.  
Both Sasami and Usagi thought Ryo-Ohki was the cutest thing they had ever seen.  
After Ryo-Ohki arrived the Misaki family was introduced to Detective Mihoshi of 
the Galaxy Police when Ryoko tried to conjure up a demon at the hot springs 
Tenchi and Usagi's great aunt on their father's side owned.

It was shortly thereafter when the real trouble started.  Ryoko was captured by 
another space pirate a man by the name of Kagato.  Tenchi, Usagi, and the others 
tried to fight off Kagato on the shrine grounds.  It was during this fight that 
Tenchi and Usagi learned from their grandfather that they were part Jurian and 
he was the Yosho from the legends they had heard so much about.  And it was also 
during this fight that the sword Tenchi chose its new owner, Tenchi Misaki.

After the fight at the shrine Tenchi, Usagi, Luna, Ayeaka, and Mihoshi took off 
into space on Ryo-Ohki who now had the main compartment to Ryu-oh in tow.  
During the space battle Tenchi and Usagi went down to Ryu-oh to activate the 
shield system known as the light hawk wings.  Everything was going smoothly 
until a blast from Kagato's ship blew up the remaining section of Ryu-oh.  
Everyone who saw the explosion thought Tenchi and Usagi were gone for good.

While a mighty battle raged on inside Kagato's ship, the Souja, the Jurian 
goddess Tsunami visited Tenchi and Usagi.  Tsunami gave Misaki siblings a chance 
at life once more by infusing them each with one of the seeds from her tree 
form.  This gift endowed the pair with new abilities.  For Tenchi it gave him 
the ability to create three light haw wings of his own along with the sword 
Tenchi.  Usagi's reaction to the seed was quite different from her brother's.  
The seed infused with her Senshi side, which gave her the ability to create a 
protective field around herself both in and out of sailor form.  Along with 
their new abilities Tenchi and Usagi were also able to create Jurian battle 
armor.  Tenchi's was more traditional while Usagi's looked more like her Senshi 
fuku.

When the battle had ended and Tenchi and his sister had defeated Kagato the 
Misaki house had another new guest living with them.  Kagato's prisoner and the 
mastermind behind Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki Washu decided to return to Earth with the 
others and set up shop in the hall closet of the Misaki house.

Things quieted down and settled into a somewhat normal routine for the members 
of the Misaki house. And for a while it seemed as though not much would happen 
outside of the babysitting duty Tenchi and Usagi's great aunt on their 
grandmother's side of the family had them doing for a few days.  But shortly 
after a former student and rival of Washu's Dr. Clay came to Earth and sent down 
his robotic creation zero to take over Ryoko's identity and bring back Washu so 
she could be brought before the goddess Lady Tokimi.  But Zero's newfound 
feelings for Tenchi got in the way and she could not get the job finished.  And 
after a failed assassination attempt on Tenchi's life a quick rescue mission to 
retrieve Ryoko took place.  With Ryoko and the others safe and sound life was 
once back to normal.  Or was it?
