Life for Usagi Misaki couldn't get any better.  She had a great brother, a 
wonderful grandfather, a loving father, and seven of the best friends a person 
could ask for.  For two years now Usagi was Sailor Moon protecting the city of 
Okayama from evil with Luna by her side.  By the time the Kagato incident was 
over with everyone knew Usagi and Sailor Moon were one in the same, everyone 
that is except for her father Nobuyuki and Usagi kept it that way.  But Usagi 
felt as though her mission as Sailor Moon wasn't finished yet.  One task still 
remained for her to perform.

While Usagi and Luna dealt with the Dark Agency another group of Senshi were 
busy dealing with Queen Beryl and the Dark Kingdom in Tokyo.  After the Sailor 
Senshi led by Venus had defeated the Dark Kingdom they faced off against a pair 
of aliens who grew up knowing only evil.  It was a long hard battle but the 
Senshi discovered within themselves newfound abilities that helped them reach a 
new level.

After the battle with the aliens the Senshi had to deal with the Death Busters.  
But the emergence of three new Senshi helped the battle end on a positive note.  
The Outer Senshi as they called themselves left after the battle against 
Mistress Nine was over to help the little child Hotaru Tomoe live a new life 
free of the evils that inhabited her body.  With the latest threat to Tokyo gone 
the city was a prime target for evil once again.  This time it came in the form 
of the Dead Moon Circus.

The Dead Moon Circus was in search of the mystical Pegasus who was in possession 
of the golden crystal.  With his help the Sailor Senshi were able to reach the 
super level.  The battle against the Dead Moon Circus and their amazons was hard 
fought and long and in the end the Senshi were victorious.  The Senshi and their 
ally Tuxedo Mask were closer than ever after that battle.

During their long two years together the Sailor Senshi had one overlying mission 
to perform.  They were to search for their long lost princess.  The search for 
the Moon Princess brought about may revelations.  It was learned that Tuxedo 
Mask was once the prince of the planet Earth during the time the Moon Kingdom 
had existed.  And the Senshi had also learned that the key to their missing 
princess was the seven rainbow crystals of the Shadow Warriors.  When the 
crystals were near the princess they would form into the legendary Silver 
Crystal and the princess would be revealed.  But after two years that had yet to 
happen and the Senshi were feeling as though they had failed in their mission.

Now almost two years after they had defeated the Dark Kingdom the Senshi of 
Tokyo were about to get a lead in their search for the Moon Princess.  It would 
be a lead they so desperately needed.  Soon all of the Senshi would be together 
for the first time.  Central Command was about to send the Inner Senshi to 
Okayama to find Sailor Moon.

********

Tenchi and Usagi Muyo
Episode Two: Unexpected Guests

********

Usagi loved teasing Ryoko.  Ever since Washu had infused the Zero unit with 
Ryoko Usagi couldn't resist the chance to take advantage of Ryoko's runaway 
emotions.  Every time Usagi mentioned her brother to Ryoko the former space 
pirate would turn red as a beet and run off babbling incoherently about how a 
space pirate shouldn't let emotions get the best of them.  Usagi loved it a lot.  
And that was what she had in mind when she returned to the house after her 
morning kendo lesson with Yosho.

The smirk on Usagi's face spoke volumes as she entered the house.  Ayeaka saw 
the look on the face of her brother's granddaughter and knew something was about 
to happen.  She loved it when someone got the better of Ryoko.  Carefully 
watching the Senshi of the Moon Ayeaka wondered what Usagi would do to poor 
Ryoko this time.

Finding her target Usagi snuck up behind Ryoko and leaned over to whisper in her 
ear.

"Oh Ryoko Tenchi-niisan is up at the bath pod and he wants you to wash his back. 
Usagi said in a singsong tone of voice.

Almost immediately Ryoko's entire face turned red and she became tongue-tied.  
Freezing up Ryoko began her incoherent babbling.

"Tenchi.  Tenchi.  Tenchi.  Tenchi." Ryoko babbled.

Then Ryoko did something she hadn't done all the other times Usagi teased her 
she developed a facial tick.  The corner of Ryoko's mouth began twitching 
involuntarily and her right eye began blinking out of control.  Not able to take 
it any longer Ryoko screamed and ran or rather flew out of the room.  Usagi 
burst out in laughter rolling on the floor with tears streaming down her face.  
Today was going to be a good day to tease Ryoko.

"Oh man that Ryoko is such an easy target." Usagi said catching her breath.

"Lady Usagi what you do to Ryoko is absolutely priceless." Ayeaka commented 
between giggles.

It was at that moment Luna came down the stairs with a questioning look on her 
face.  It was obvious she had heard the laughter coming from the family room 
upstairs.  Luna knew Usagi had done something to someone again and the first and 
only guess as to who that person could be was Ryoko.

"What did she do to Ryoko this time?" Luna asked Ayeaka.

"Only what she has been doing ever since Washu fused Ryoko with the Zero Ryoko 
taking advantage of her overactive emotions." Ayeaka told her.

"Gee Luna it was only some innocent fun." Usagi said.

Luna didn't have time for some innocent fun.  She felt Usagi had caused Ryoko 
enough embarrassment for one day.

"Well now that you've had your innocent fun Usagi I suggest you get back to 
business.  I for one have to find a way to get in touch with Central Command." 
Luna told her.

"You know you don't play a video game for six months and they take it away from 
you.  Don't they know how important it is to the safety of the world?" Usagi 
commented.

"Central Command just did a very good job of concealing our communications unit 
from public knowledge." Luna replied.

Usagi thought about the possible ways for Luna to get a hold of her bosses.  The 
first and only place Usagi could think of was Washu's other dimension lab.

"Maybe Washu can help you out Luna.  As for me I need to get out of these sweaty 
things." Usagi said as she headed up the stairs.

********

Tokimi was in a foul mood.  Her plan to get Washu back failed her or rather Dr. 
Clay had failed her.  The goddess was not a happy camper and it showed.  Washu 
and Tsunami watched over the boy and his family like a pair of guard dogs.  And 
the way they gave the Misaki family the upper hand had angered Tokimi.  It was 
one thing that Washu helped the boy and his sister but Tsunami unleashing their 
hidden abilities went too far.  Tokimi knew she would have the upper hand in the 
struggle for power if she could get her hands on Washu's gems.  But Washu's gems 
still eluded her and this made the goddess even angrier.  Tokimi was power 
hungry.

"D3, the last time we tried to get the gems we used something that was easily 
defeated because Washu knew how to take down the good doctor.  This time we'll 
use something unexpected." Tokimi said.

Tokimi's assistant and right hand man D3 wondered what his lady had in mind this 
time.

"And what do you wish me to do my lady?" D3 asked her.

"I want you to gather every demon in the known universe and send them down upon 
the city where Washu has taken up residence.  I want to test that girl Tsunami 
has named one of her champions.  We know what the boy can do but we have yet to 
see what abilities the girl possesses." Tokimi told him.

"It shall be done my lady." D3 said with a bow.

With that D3 left the chambers to gather his demon army.

********

Mihoshi wasn't the only one who needed to make a report to her superiors.  Luna 
had been out of touch with Central Command for six months now and her only means 
of communicating with them had been replaced by a better more popular video 
game.  Without Usagi in Okayama proper the Neon Genesis Evangeline video game in 
Okayama's only video game parlor went unplayed and was soon replaced.  And 
because of the events of the last six months Luna was unable to make the trip in 
Nobuyuki's wan each morning when he went to work.

Luna desperately needed to report in to Central Command and the only other 
person in the house with the technology capable of reaching her superiors was 
Washu.  Usagi knew it and Luna knew it, so it was no surprise to the black 
feline when her charge made the suggestion to see the diminutive genius.  Washu 
was in possession of a very large and powerful communication console.  And Luna 
hoped she would be able to use it to make her report.

Walking up to the hall closet door Luna scratched her paws against the door and 
waited.

"It's open!" Washu called out.

Pushing the door open with her head Luna entered the lab and went to find Washu.

Washu was sitting on her floating cushion in front of her transparent laptop 
looking over a few test results.  Luna walked over to where the diminutive 
genius was seated and got her attention.

"Excuse me Miss Washu." Luna said.

Washu looked down to her side to see Luna seated on the floor of the lab looking 
up at her.

"Luna how many times have I told you to call me Lil' Washu.  Now what brings you 
here?" Washu replied with a big goofy grin.

"I was wondering if I could borrow your communication console." Luna requested.

Washu became curious as to what purpose a cat would have with her communication 
console.  But then Washu had to remind herself that this was no ordinary cat.  
Still the curiosity remained.

"Mind if I ask what purpose you have for my console." Washu wondered.

Luna thought it only best that Washu be informed of her reasons for using the 
console.

"Well I need to contact my superiors at Central Command to give them a full 
report of what has taken place since the last time I contacted them six months 
ago." Luna explained.

"Okay its right over there." Washu said pointing out the large console.

Luna bounded over to the console and leapt up onto the control panel.  After 
taking a good look at the controls Luna began moving her paws effortlessly over 
the keys.  Washu was amazed to see a feline operating the console with the same 
grace and dexterity she did.  After connecting to the Central Command main 
computer Luna gave her password and ID.

"The early cat gets the mouse.  Agent Kitty One reporting in." Luna said.

The unknown voice at the other end of the connection responded to Luna's 
password.

"Welcome Agent Luna it has been a while since you last reported in." he said.

"The communication unit you placed in Okayama was replaced by the owners of the 
game parlor sometime during the last six months." Luna replied.

"And why haven't you been in Okayama proper in the last six months?" the boss 
asked.

Luna could tell by his voice that her boss wasn't too happy she hadn't been 
making regular reports to Central Command.

"Sailor Moon has had some family business come up over the last six months that 
have prevented us from going into Okayama proper during that time."

"Can you disclose the details of that business?" Luna's boss wanted to know.

Luna knew the higher ups in Central Command would eventually need to know Sailor 
Moon was part Jurian and descended directly from their royal family.  But she 
needed to be certain they would keep this information confidential before giving 
it to them.

"If you can promise not to tell another living soul what I am about to report to 
you then yes I can." Luna told her boss.

"You know all transmissions are kept confidential and only the necessary 
information gets passed along to the commanders and other agents here at Central 
Command." He replied.

With that said Luna began transmitting her report of the activities that had 
taken place during the last six months after Ryoko was set free.

********

In a small section of the Juban district of Tokyo a white cat with a crescent 
made its way down the streets of the district.  Passing by shop after shop the 
cat soon came upon the Crown Game and Fruit Parlor.  The game parlor had yet to 
open as it was still quite early in the morning but the cat could see much 
activity taking place in the fruit parlor above.  Sneaking into the game parlor 
through one of the exterior vents the cat made its way to the Neon Genesis 
Evangeline video came console.  Leaping onto the control panel the cat began 
pressing the colored control buttons in a specific pattern.  When the cat had 
finished he gave the console his password and ID.

"When the dog is away the cat will play.  Agent Kitty Two reporting in." he 
said.

"Welcome Agent Artimes.  What do you have to report on your search for the 
princess?" the boss wanted to know.
"We have yet to find the Moon Princess.  The seven rainbow crystals have yet to 
form the Silver Crystal meaning the princess is nowhere to be found.  What do 
you suggest our next course of action should be?" Artimes replied.

There was a pause before Artimes's boss responded to his inquiry.  The white 
feline figured he was either considering their options or a new piece of 
information had come in.

"You and your Senshi must travel to Okayama.  Once there you will meet up with 
our other agent Kitty One and her charge Sailor Moon.  We have reason to believe 
they will be able to add great assistance in your search for the princess.  It 
is suggested you bring along Tuxedo Mask and the rainbow crystals he possesses 
with you." The boss instructed.

Artimes was a bit confused.  In two years time he had yet to hear a single word 
spoken about Sailor Moon or the other agent Kitty One.  He began to wonder why 
Central Command would mention them now after all this time.

"Just who is Kitty One and Sailor Moon?" Artimes wondered.

"Sailor Moon was called in to action two years ago to fight against a lesser 
threat from the negaverse known as the Dark Agency.  She hasn't seen any major 
action since then and the top brass at Central Command feel she is finally ready 
to join up with the rest of the Senshi team." He replied.

"I see." Artimes said, "Then it looks like we're going to Okayama."

********

The Senshi were gathered at the Hikawa-jin temple for another meeting once 
again.  They met at least once a month to discuss any leads Central Command 
might have that would aid them in their search for the Moon Princess.  And for 
two long years the leads they had been getting lead them to nothing but a bunch 
of dead ends.  The situation was getting grim and the Senshi were ready to give 
up looking.

"I wonder what type of wrong information Artimes was given this time." Rei said 
as she came out of the shrine house with some tea.

"Well I'm just surprised that after two years of searching we still haven't 
found the princess yet." Makoto commented while she poured a cup of the soothing 
brew.

It was at that point that Artimes came bounding up the temple steps.  The girls 
could tell he had been doing some serious thinking on his way over to the 
temple.  The furrowed look on his small kitty brow was a dead giveaway.  Walking 
over to the house Artimes found a seat between Minako and Ami.

"So what did the big wigs at Central Command have to say this time?" Minako 
asked him.

"We have a new but not so new Senshi to check out." Artimes told them.

Ami pondered what Artimes had just said and wondered what he meant by his 
comment.

"Artimes what do you mean new but not so new?" Ami asked.

"Well this Senshi has been around for two years but she's only fought against 
one enemy so we don't know how strong or experienced she'll be." He replied.

"Who is this Senshi?" Makoto wanted to know.

"All Central Command told me was that her name is Sailor Moon." Artimes told 
them.

"So where can we find this Sailor Moon or will she find us?  Did Central tell 
you that?" Rei asked him after taking a sip of her tea.

Artimes looked at the girls and decided now was as good a time as any to break 
the news.

"Girls you're going to Okayama." he announced.

********

Luna left the lab and went to find Usagi.  She had some very important news to 
discus with her young charge concerning the Senshi.  After two years Central 
Command was finally going to have the full compliment of Inner Senshi together 
for the first time.  Luna wondered if the other Senshi would be accepting of 
Sailor Moon considering her unique heritage.  Usagi was descended from royalty 
and had two great aunts who didn't look any older than she was.  And one of them 
had merged with a goddess.

Walking out the front door to the house Luna saw Usagi sitting under her 
grandfather's tree Funahu meditating.  At least that's what it looked like to 
Luna.  What Luna didn't know was Usagi was in all actuality communicating with 
the spaceship tree.  It was one of the many gifts given to her by Tsunami when 
she and Tenchi were infused with Tsunami's seeds.  Luna didn't have to say a 
single word to Usagi as she walked up to her.  Funahu had alerted the Senshi of 
the moon to the presence of her guardian.

"Luna what brings you here?" Usagi asked with a smile.

Finding a place in Usagi's lap Luna proceeded to tell her Senshi what Central 
Command had told her after she gave them her report.

"I've just finished reporting into Central Command and they have some news for 
us.  After two long years we're finally going to be meeting up with the Inner 
Senshi from Tokyo." Luna told her.

Usagi was glad to hear that new but she had other things on her mind.  For one 
she wanted to know what Central's reaction was to finding out she was part alien 
and a member of a royal family.  And she wondered how they would take the news 
that so many individuals knew she was Sailor Moon.

"That's nice.  How did they react to the report you gave them?" Usagi wondered.

"Well they told me that considering the situations you were in you had no choice 
but to reveal you were Sailor Moon.  And they said that since the individuals 
that do know possess amazing abilities they see no problem with them knowing." 
Luna began, "As for the matter of your royal heritage and alien biology they 
said that along with the gifts given to you by Tsunami were the deciding factors 
in their decision to have you meet up with the other Senshi.  But they were a 
bit disappointed in us because we allowed the communication unit in Okayama to 
be replaced."

Usagi got a smile on her face and began scratching Luna behind the ears.

"We just didn't know the owners of the game center would replace it for a 
regular model if it went unused during the day." Usagi commented.

********

The city of Okayama glistened against the backdrop of the azure blue waters of 
the ocean.  Six months had come and gone since Ryo-Ohki and Ryu-oh smashed into 
the great Seito Bridge and the repairs to the bridge were nearing completion.  
And it had been almost two years since the Dark Agency was defeated.  The people 
of Okayama lived carefree lives worrying only about their day to day affairs.

The train from Tokyo to Okayama pulled into the station at exactly thirty 
minutes past two.  The high-speed train took only five and a half hours to reach 
its destination.  But Okayama wasn't going to be the final destination for the 
train.  For the first time in six months the trains on the main island would 
finally be able to use the bridge to travel to the smaller islands.

The passengers on the train who were going to be staying in Okayama disembarked 
the train and made their way out of the station.  Among those passengers was a 
small group of four teenage girls and one white cat.  The girls were carrying 
small bags over their shoulders and looked as though they had some serious 
business to attend to while in the city.

"Okay now all we have to do is find Sailor Moon." Minako said to the others.

"I just wish Mamoru was able to come with us." Rei commented.

"I do too but you know he couldn't get away from work until tomorrow." Ami 
replied.

The girls left the station and made their way into the city.  They could see the 
many people in the city moving about from place to place without a care in the 
world.  Off in the distance the girls could see a series of hills not too far 
from the city.  Rei noticed the lack of a temple within the city and wondered 
where the people went to pray and look for guidance.

"Doesn't this place have a Shinto shrine?" Rei asked the others.

"Well according to this guidebook I picked up the nearest shrine is outside 
Okayama proper in those hills." Ami told her as she thumbed through her book on 
the city.

"This is just great I'm gonna have to go to all the way into those hills just to 
do a little prayer and meditation.  I don't think so." Rei complained.

Artimes and the other Senshi just sighed at Rei's complaint.  With the mood she 
was in the trip to Okayama was going to be a long one.  Makoto decided it would 
be for the best if the conversation were brought back to the reason they had 
traveled to Okayama.

"So how do we go about finding this Sailor Moon?" Makoto asked Minako and 
Artimes.

But before the Senshi of Venus or her guardian could answer the Thunder Senshi 
the sky above Okayama suddenly became very dark.  In the center of the street 
they were currently on a large black portal opened and a dozen or more seven-
foot tall scaly winged lizard men came through.  When the last one had made its 
way through the portal they began attacking the buildings in the city.  The 
people of Okayama began panicking and fleeing the scene.

"Looks like it's time for the Sailor Senshi." Artimes said.

"Right!" the girls replied.

With that the four girls went to find a back alley where they could transform.

********

The appearance of the portal and the now dark sky didn't go unnoticed at the 
Misaki house.  In her other dimension lab Washu's alarm system began blaring 
throughout the lab.  Someone or something had opened an unstable gateway between 
dimensions and now a group of nasty demons were terrorizing all of Okayama 
proper.  And while Washu tried to pinpoint their exact location Usagi, Luna, 
Tenchi, and Ryoko came racing into the lab.

"Washu what's going on out there?" Tenchi wanted to know.

"An unstable gateway between dimensions has appeared somewhere in Okayama 
proper." She told the others.

"I could feel something real nasty come out of that thing." Ryoko said.

Washu knew Ryoko would be able to tell what had come through the gateway because 
of her connection with the demon world.

"It's more like a dozen nasties came out of that thing." Washu clarified.

"There're demons in Okayama?' Usagi asked nervously.

"Oh yeah." Ryoko replied.

Luna knew a situation such as this one would require the presence of Sailor Moon 
but she didn't feel right about sending Usagi into the city to face those things 
on her own.  This wasn't like the Dark Agency.  This was an honest to goodness 
real life demon attack.

"You know what this means Usagi.  You're going to have to go down there and 
fight those things." Luna told her.

Before Usagi could ask the others for help Tenchi made his feelings known.

"You're not going down there alone Usako imoto-chan.  I'm going with you." He 
said.

Ryoko looked at Tenchi like he was crazy.

"What are you nuts?  You'll get killed out there.  I'm going too." She declared.

Usagi smiled at her brother and best friend.  For as long as she could remember 
Tenchi and Ryoko had always been there for her.  Though up on till six months 
ago Usagi thought Ryoko was her guardian angel watching over her from above.

"Thanks guys.  I was about to ask if you wanted to lend a hand." Usagi replied.

Washu began typing on her laptop and produced a small device that resembled a 
remote control for a camera.  Upon giving the device to Tenchi she began giving 
them its instructions.

"That device I gave you is my remote doorway.  Just push that button and a 
doorway to my lab will appear no matter where you are." She told them with a big 
grin.

"Thanks Washu.  We'd better get going." Usagi said.

"Let's do it to it." Ryoko added.

"Moon Prism Power!" Usagi called out transforming into Sailor Moon.

********

The Sailor Senshi were about to face off against the demons when they noticed 
someone had beaten them to the scene.  There standing in the street in front of 
the rampaging demons were three brave yet very stupid individuals two girls and 
one guy.  One of the girls had the weirdest hairstyle the Senshi had ever seen.  
Her extremely long hair was styled in such a way that it had two buns with a 
ponytail cascading down from each one.  But that wasn't what had gotten the full 
attention of the Senshi.  The girl with the odd hair was wearing a Sailor Senshi 
fuku.  The skirt and collar were both blue and her boots and bows were red and 
she wore a red choker.  But it was the sleeves that gave away what level she was 
at.  This Senshi was still a level one Senshi and she had two civilians with 
her.

"Is she crazy!  She could get killed!" Jupiter hissed.

"Not only that she's endangering the lives of two civilians." Mars added.

"A low level Senshi like that should let the professionals take care of this." 
Venus said.

Mercury took out her computer and ran a quick scan of the area.

"Guys I wouldn't be too sure about her level.  There's something different about 
her." Mercury said as she typed away with one hand.

It was at that point the unknown Senshi issued her challenge to the demons.

"Yo uglies!  You want something to pound then how about taking me on!" she 
began, "I am the pretty sailor suited soldier Sailor Moon!  And in the name of 
the moon I shall punish you!"

The Senshi were stunned to find out their mystery Senshi was really the one they 
were looking for.

"That's Sailor Moon?" they all questioned.

The first of the demons rushed Sailor Moon who quickly got into a ready position 
and waited.  When the demon got close enough to her Sailor Moon unleashed a 
roundhouse kick to its head before dropping low to get in a sweeper and knock it 
down to the ground.  The other demons sensing what was going on descended upon 
Sailor Moon and the civilians.  The Senshi knew they had to help them before it 
was too late for the trio.

********

Sailor Moon had just taken down the first of the big ugly demons when its 
friends decided to join in on the fun and frivolities.  In no time at all the 
eleven remaining demons had Sailor Moon, Tenchi, and Ryoko surrounded.  Pulling 
out his sword Tenchi ignited the blade of the Tenchikin and prepared for battle.  
Ryoko did likewise making her energy blade materialize into her hands.

"Get ready guys!" Sailor Moon said.

But before they could do anything a red flaming arrow shot thorough the air and 
struck one of the demons in the chest.  Looking in the direction the arrow came 
from Sailor Moon saw four people in fukus similar to her own.  The new arrivals 
then made themselves known.

"Attacking innocent people is totally uncalled for.  We are the Sailor Senshi 
and in the name of..." the first one began.

"Mercury..."

"Mars..."

"Jupiter..."

"And Venus..."

"You're going down!" they all said together.

Sailor Moon stood there and stared at the Senshi not believing what she was 
seeing.  It was hard to believe these four were the protectors of the world.  In 
her opinion they had the corniest challenge ever.

The demons could have cared less about the speech the famed Sailor Senshi had 
just made.  All they knew was they had been told to eliminate Sailor Moon and 
her brother and anyone else that stood in their way.  And they were going to 
carry out those orders to the letter.

One by one the demons began breaking off going after each one of the Senshi.  
The fight soon became a large free for all with Tenchi and Ryoko trying to 
handle the remaining six demons each taking on three.  The demons were primarily 
relying on hand to hand skills and Sailor Moon was doing a pretty good job 
keeping up with them.  But then one of the demons unleashed their true power and 
sent a crackling ball of energy straight towards Tenchi.  The energy blast hit 
Tenchi square in the chest and knocked him out cold.  Upon seeing Tenchi get 
hurt Sailor Moon and Ryoko went berserk.

"Tenchi!" Ryoko yelled.

"Oniisan!" Sailor Moon cried out.

All at once everything seemed to happen way too fast.  In a blind rage not felt 
since Kagato blew up the remaining piece of Ryu-oh Ryoko began attacking demon 
after demon.  Sailor Moon seeing a stray demon heading for her brother did the 
only thing she knew that would save his life.  Placing herself between her 
fallen brother and the oncoming demon who was preparing to unleash its own blast 
of energy Sailor Moon called upon her Jurian abilities.  In a flash of light 
Sailor Moon's fuku was replaced by her Jurian battle armor.  Calling forth the 
gift Tsunami had given her Sailor Moon produced her protective field mere 
seconds before the blast hit.

As the blast hit Sailor Moon winced in pain.

"Ryoko!" Sailor Moon called out getting the ex space pirate's attention.

"I'm on it!" Ryoko called back.

Recalling her energy blade Ryoko began powering up her own ball of energy and 
flew towards the demon.  Stopping inches from the demon Ryoko unleashed her 
deadly attack.

"Take that!  Hah!" Ryoko said as the blast hit the demon.

In a flash of light the demon ceased to exist.

Seeing what was going on the Senshi knew they had to help Sailor Moon and her 
friends.

"We have to help them." Venus said.

"Right!" the others replied.

Springing into action once again the Senshi began hitting the demons with all 
they had.

Sailor Mercury sent out the first attack.

"Mercury Aqua Rhapsody!" she called out.

The water attack found its target and took down another demon.

While Mercury took out the first demon Mars prepared her fiery arrow for the 
next one.

"Mars Flame Sniper!"

And just as she had done before Mars' arrow was true to its mark hitting the 
demon in the chest.

With the next demon gone it was Jupiter's turn to take one out.

"Jupiter Oak Evolution!"

In a shower of oak leaves the demon before Jupiter joined its brethren in the 
great beyond.

As the demons fell all around her Venus prepared to show them what the leader of 
the Inner Senshi was capable of doing.

"Venus Love and Beauty Shock!"

The blast of energy sent forth by Venus illuminated the entire area and 
disintegrated the demon.

One by one the Senshi and Ryoko took out the remaining demons.  And when the 
last demon fell Ryoko went over to check on Sailor Moon and Tenchi.

The Senshi looked over to where Sailor Moon was and saw her cradling Tenchi's 
head gently within her lap.  Tears were streaming down her face.

"Oniisan please oniisan don't leave me." Sailor Moon said between sobs.

The Senshi were shocked to hear Sailor Moon call the boy big brother.  Venus 
knew they had to do something to help the boy.

"Oh my god!  That's her brother!  We have to do something." Venus said.

"I'll see what I can do." Mercury replied as she activated her visor.

Mercury went over to where the Misaki siblings were and began her examination.  
Pulling out her computer Mercury began scanning Tenchi's body.  What she found 
had her puzzled.  Tenchi's genetic makeup was unlike anything she had ever seen.  
And because he was part alien Mercury didn't know what she could do to help him.

"I'm getting some strange readings here guys.  His genetic composition is unlike 
anything I have ever seen before.  I don't know what I can do for him." Mercury 
reported.

Sailor Moon was devastated by Mercury's grim news.  Picking up her family's 
sword she began to pray to Tsunami for help.

"Great goddess of Jurai Tsunami, protector of the Misaki family, I pray to you 
to give me the power to save the life of your champion Tenchi.  Please do not 
let his life end this way." She begged.

In answer to her prayer the gems embedded in the sword in Sailor Moon's hands 
began glowing.  And as if by pure instinct Sailor Moon closed her eyes and held 
the sword over her brother's body and let the warm glow of the gems wash over 
Tenchi.  As the gems healing properties began working their magic Tenchi began 
responding as the life was brought back to his body.  When the healing was over 
Tenchi slowly opened his eyes to see his Usako imoto-chan smiling down upon him.

The Senshi couldn't believe what they had just witnessed.  The last person they 
had seen who had the power to heal was the little girl Hotaru Tomoe.  And now 
they witnessed Sailor Moon bring the life back to her brother Tenchi.  The 
Senshi wondered just what Sailor Moon really was.

"Ryoko we'd better get him to Washu's lab and have her check him over."  Sailor 
Moon said to her friend as she pulled the remote doorway device out of Tenchi's 
pocket.

Ryoko nodded and picked Tenchi up slinging his arm around her neck.  Pressing 
the button on the doorway remote Sailor Moon activated the remote door to 
Washu's lab.  Before returning home she turned to the Senshi and their guardian 
Artimes to thank them for all they had done.

"Thank you.  If you hadn't shown up when you did I don't know what would have 
happened." She said with great appreciation.

Sailor Mars glared at Sailor Moon.  She couldn't believe Sailor Moon had risked 
the lives of her own brother and close friend.  In her mind it was not only 
irresponsible but also immature and Mars was going to let her know it.

"We wouldn't have had to cover your back if you didn't bring these civilians 
along with you.  What you did was not only irresponsible but immature as well." 
Mars chastised her.

Sailor Moon couldn't believe what she was hearing.  She and her brother had 
thirteen years of kendo and jujitsu training and in her mind both he and Ryoko 
were more than qualified to back her up in any situation they were in.

"Sailor Mars I presume." Sailor Moon began, "How dare you say I was 
irresponsible.  You have no right to tell me what I can and cannot do.  This was 
my decision and my decision alone.  I knew the risks as did my oniisan and we 
were prepared to take them.  I wouldn't have anyone else by my side in battle 
than my oniisan."

Tenchi was proud of his Usako imoto-chan.  She had become strong person and 
would do anything she could to defend and protect her family and friends.  Way 
to go Usako, Tenchi thought.

Sailor Mercury who was the voice of reason for the group stepped forward and 
tried to negotiate peace between Sailor Moon and Sailor Mars.

"Sailor Moon do not judge us by what Sailor Mars has said.  We don't all think 
that way.  We would be honored to work side by side with you and your friends 
and family.  Please give us that chance." Sailor Mercury said with a hint of 
compassion in her eyes.

"I'm with Mercury.  You can't let that hot head over there get to you.  After a 
while she kind of grows on you." Venus added.

With a heavy sigh Sailor Moon considered what Mercury and Venus had said and 
decided to give them another chance.  A minute ago she was ready to write off 
the infamous Sailor Senshi from Tokyo but now she was willing to try and work 
with them.

"Alright I'll give you another chance.  And to start off I'd like to offer you a 
place to stay while you're in Okayama.  That door leads to a lab and that lab 
leads to our home.  If you want to take me up on my offer all you have to do go 
through that door." Sailor Moon offered.

"Imoto-chan come on, before Sasami gets worried about us." Tenchi called out 
gently.

"Coming guys." Sailor Moon replied before following them through the doorway.

Artimes didn't wait very long before making his decision.  In less than a minute 
after Sailor Moon followed Ryoko and Tenchi through the door Artimes was hot on 
her heels.  And just as he reached the door Artimes turned his head to call out 
to the Senshi.

"Well are you coming or are you going to be as stubborn as Mars." Artimes said.

With that said the Sailor Senshi made their way through the door to Washu's lab.

********

"Washu!" the Senshi could hear as they entered the lab.

There standing next to an examination was Ryoko, a small girl or woman with long 
dark pink hair, a black cat, and girl no older than they were with extremely 
long blonde hair in a double bun and pony tail style.  Sitting on the table was 
Tenchi with his shirt off and a bunch of monitoring wires all over his body.  
And at the moment he was looking quite uncomfortable.

It was the cat that noticed the Senshi had entered the lab.  The moment she 
turned to face them the Senshi saw that she had a crescent on her forehead like 
Artimes.  The cat came over to the Senshi and welcomed them to the Misaki home.

"You must be the Sailor Senshi." She said with a slight accent, "I am Luna 
Sailor Moon's guardian.  And over there is Usagi Misaki Sailor Moon."

After looking at Luna for a moment a look of recognition came across Artimes's 
face.

"Luna long time no see." Artimes said pouring on the charm.

"Artimes you always were the charmer." Luna replied dryly.

Sensing the casual air in the room the Senshi dropped their transformations and 
revealed their civilian forms to all who were present.

"Ah and who might we have here?" Washu inquired as she came over to greet the 
Senshi.

"Miss Washu this is Artimes and like me he is a guardian." Luna told her.

One by one the Senshi introduced themselves.

"I'm Ami Mizuno, Sailor Mercury." Ami said with a smile.

"My name's Rei Hino, Sailor Mars." Rei added.

"Makoto Kino's the name and I'm Sailor Jupiter." Makoto said with her hand held 
out.

"I'm Minako Aino unofficial leader of the Senshi and Sailor Venus." Minako 
announced with a big goofy grin on her face.

Washu got her own big goofy grin on her face and Usagi, Tenchi, and Ryoko knew 
what was coming and prepared for the inevitable.

"I am Washu the number one genius in the entire universe but you can call me 
Little Washu yes you can." Washu told the Senshi.

A round of groans was heard from Ryoko and the Misaki siblings.

"But seriously welcome to the Misaki house.  I'm Usagi and that's my oniisan 
Tenchi and over there is my good friend, guardian angel, and number one target 
Ryoko.  I have a feeling you guys are gonna fit right in." Usagi said.

********

Okay I thought I should explain a few things here.

First off the name of the video game used as the communication device was chosen 
for two reasons one it has female main characters and two it has a whole heck of 
a lot of action.  The reason there is no Sailor V game is because Sailor V 
doesn't exist in this alternate reality.  And with Usagi in Okayama the Silver 
Crystal has not formed yet and the Senshi have not found their princess yet.  
That means ChibiUsa had not come back to the past and there was no Black Moon 
Family attacking the past.

Because the Black Moon Family didn't attack the Senshi in the past they didn't 
receive their Star Power henshin rods until the start of what would have been 
the S season.  The Senshi did get the Sacred Cup but no one was able to use it.

Finally for all you purists out there who think Mamoru should make fun of Usagi 
all the time I'm apologizing in advance.  Usagi is not a klutz in this reality 
and therefore a different type of relationship will form between them.  The lack 
of Usagi in Mamoru's life will be filled by Makoto as his close friend.  Let's 
just say it will be a pair of orphans helping one another get through life.  The 
Usagi Mamoru romance will be quite interesting since Usagi will have a stronger 
more confidant personality.
