Note: I do not own Tenchi or Little Shop of Horrors.  I would like to,
then Seymour would see what a "mean green mother from outer space" really
can do, but that's not the point.  Please don't sue me, I don't got  squat
extra.

Tenchi Shop of Horrors
   Part the First Welcome to Skid Row

It was a beautiful day at the Masaki house.  Tenchi was asleep, Sasami
was cooking breakfast, Ayeka and Ryoko were screaming at each other...ah,
life is good.
"What's for breakfast?" asked Tenchi.
"Hey!" said the author. "I thought you were in bed!"
"Noooo..." said Tenchi.  "I've been standing here all this time..."
"Oh...okay...I think..."
At this point, Ayeka said something so mean, so rude, so profane, that
Ryoko couldn't stand it.  She kicked Ayeka in the shins and the gut.
"Hey, hey, stop!" shouted Tenchi, rushing into the living room.
"Ryoko, that wasn't nice.  Now apologize."
Rio-ohki hopped into the room.  "Miya miya!" She stood up on her hind
legs and begged for a carrot.  She had a pleading look in her eyes.  "Miya?"

Sasami walked into the room.  "Hey, guys?  Someone wake up Mihoshi
and Washu.  Breakfast is ready!"
Breakfast was a soup.
"Um...Sasami?  Why do I smell pork?" asked Washu.
"It's my new recepie," said Sasami proudly.  "Bacon soup!"
Everyone stared at it.
Mihoshi was snarfing the soup.  "It's good.  Mmmm-hmmmm"
Everyone else tried it.  They liked it.
Warning: Do not eat Bacon Soup.  The Tenchi gang have very little
taste buds.  They think everything Sasami cooks is good.  Personally, I
haven't tried it, but then I don't know how to make broth...@$*^&% broth...I

hate it so much...anyway, on with the story.
Tenchi sensed something was wrong with Ryoko.  She seemed sad.  What
could be wrong?  Ayeka couldn't upset her so much that she didn't want to
eat...could she?  Ryoko was a bit strange.  Well, not as strange as Washu,
but that's not the point.  The point was...what could be bothering Ryoko?
A few seats away, Ryoko was wondering if she would ever get Tenchi.
Ayeka had it good with him.  But maybe, on some incredible stroke of luck,
A bear riding a flying penguin would loosen a hubcap on a sixteen wheeler
truck.  That hubcap would loosen all the other hubcaps and they would all
lodge themselves up Ayeka's nose, causing her to inhale them, give her brain

damage, disorient her, and she would walk up a volcano when, regaining
common
sense, she would be hit by that bear and penguin and fall into the volcano
as it erupts.  Then she would fly back to Jurai and never be seen  by her
again.  Ryoko perked up.
Tenchi smiled. 'There, that's better' he thought.

Tenchi was taking a walk with Ryoko to make her feel better.  Then,
they approached this six foot tall circle, all black, with purple gas around

it.
"What is it?" asked Ryoko.
"I don't know," replied Tenchi.  Then, he got an idea. "Maybe if I put
it in my mouth, I can figure out what it is."
"Fish logic," said the author.
Tenchi bit into it.  It tasted like air. He stuck his head through.
On the other side were buildings and urban stuff.  A sign read, "SKID ROW"
Tenchi was warned about this. He knew not to go through, but he had to.  And

he did.
"Tenchi!" shouted Ryoko.  "No!"  She followed him.
Before the portal closed, a man stepped through it.

His name was Kagato.

The end of part I.  Did you like it?  You can E-mail me at
StanleyAI@aol.com.
