It's the DISCLAMER:  Those of you who read my first Fan
Fiction should already know but here it is for you new comers and
sticklers for legalities; I don't own Tenchi Muyo or Dragonball Z
etc.  I did not invent any of the characters from these series.
(Though I like to think I put and interesting spin on them.)  Both
series and all related items are the intellectual property of their
respective companies.  In other words they are the only ones
allowed to profit from them.  And believe you me, I would not be
working two jobs and writing these things at one A.M. if I was
making a dime off these.  Now without further delay I give you
another glimpse into what obsession and imagination spawn.  Ah,
make that proudly present:

The Home Front Saga: Episode 2 No Need for Vegeta

	Tenchi quietly comes down for breakfast.  He is startled as
Ryoko phases through the stair.

"Hi Tenchi."  Ryoko call out merrily.

Tenchi nearly fall down the stair he is so startled.  "Ryoko
will you stop doing that."  Tenchi says.

"Oh, but Tenchi I am just happy to see you."  Ryoko teases.

"Cut that out."  Tenchi says.

    Tenchi walk down stairs to the kitchen and Ryoko
follows him.  Sasami already has a tasty breakfast prepared.
Ayeka and Vegeta are already at the table.

As soon as she sees Ryoko Ayeka says.  "Will you get
away from Lord Tenchi!"

Ryoko grabs Tenchi and says.  "But Tenchi likes it."

Ayeka retorts.  "He most certainly does not.  Anyway it's
disgusting the way you hang on him."

Ryoko smiles and teases Ayeka.  "You're just jealous
because Tenchi wouldn't let you."

Ayeka stands up mad now.  "Listen here you devil
woman…"

Tenchi is quick to change the subject.  "Ayeka, Ryoko,
please not this early in the morning."

Ryoko and Ayeka both sit down at Tenchi's request and
begin to eat breakfast.  Sasami brings toast over and offers it to
everyone.  "Ham anyone?  How about you Vegeta, want some?
How were the eggs?"  Vegeta grunts something like "No" and
"Fine" and stairs at Tenchi.  "Oh, come on.  I made them because
Washu said that you would like it.  She said Saiyans have to eat a
lot and you've only eaten two eggs and a glass of orange juice."

Vegeta glowers at her, but Sasami only smiles back.  "Rrrr,
fine give me some 'ham'."  Vegeta says.

Sasami presents the plate of ham Vegeta grabs every piece
of ham on the plate.  Vegeta consumes the ham in three bites.
Sasami wondered if he even tasted it as Vegeta takes back up his
glowering stair at Tenchi.

	Tenchi finishes his breakfast a little unnerved by Vegeta.
"Well I'm going to take a shower."  He announces.

"I'll go with you." Ryoko offers.  "You wash my back I'll
wash yours."

Tenchi a little embarrassed says.  "What?  No, Ryoko look
I am going to shower alone."  Tenchi leaves the tables and goes up
stairs.  Ryoko follows him with Tenchi trying to get her off of him
the whole way.

	Tenchi, after finally getting Ryoko to give him his privacy
and not phase through the door, he takes a shower and gets
dressed.  He is surprised to see not Ryoko when he exists but
Vegeta watching his door.

"Oh, Vegeta a is their something I can do for you.  You, ah,
look like something is bothering you."  Tenchi says.

Vegeta replies.  "I must know how did you do that.  Your
power was incredible.  Tell me the secret."

Tenchi begins to sweat a bit.  He says.  "Well you see I
really don't know.  That's the first time that happened.  I haven't
been able to do it since.  I guess it was from all my training."

Vegeta grabs Tenchi as he says.  "Training?  Ah ha, you
DO have special training?  I must undertake this training of yours."

Tenchi considers for a moment.  The whole situation with
Vegeta was bizarre even by Tenchi's new and recently expanded
definition of the word.  Vegeta's space pod was destroyed on the
Soja and Napa's seized by humans and taken who knows where.
This left Vegeta stranded on earth.  Vegeta made it clear he
intended to stay at the Masaki residence, not asking as much as
simply announcing not expecting anyone to dare contradict him.
Whether to let him stay or not was a difficult decision.  Vegeta was
abrasive to say the least, he came to earth with the intention of
taking the Dragonballs and wishing for immortality willing to kill
who ever got in his way, and what role he played aboard Soja was
unclear.  It was decided to let Vegeta stay for some very simple
reasons.  First so long as he was at the Masaki household he
couldn't be causing trouble elsewhere.  Two if they decided
Vegeta couldn't stay Tenchi doubted Vegeta would leave
voluntarily and a conflict with Vegeta could prove devastating.
Finally it seemed to Tenchi unfair to turn Vegeta away when
Ryoko also had a checkered past and Tenchi had not tried to force
her out.

"Well my grandfather gives me all my training.  So you
would have to ask him to teach you."  Tenchi answers.

Vegeta turns away obviously finished with the conversation
heading for the shrine where Tenchi's grandfather Katsuhito
Masaki was almost sure to be found.

"And I thought, Ryoko could be trouble."  Tenchi thinks to
himself.

Tenchi heads down to find Ayeka.  He finds her helping
Sasami clear the table.  "Ayeka."  Tenchi calls out.

Ayeka looks up and smiles.  "Yes, lord Tenchi."  She says.

Tenchi holds out a small seed.  "Here, Tsunami gave this to
me for you.  She said it was Ryuo's seed."  He says.

Ayeka gasps and is almost crying as she replies.  "Oh,
thank you Lord Tenchi.  You…You don't know how important
this is to me."

Tenchi answers.  "Ah, well your welcome."

Sasami comes over to her sister.  "I'll finish clearing the
table you see to Ryuo."  Sasami says.

Ayeka replies.  "Oh, thank you to Sasami."  Then carefully
holding Ryuo's seed she leaves.

Washu is working happily in her subspace lab as Ayeka
comes in.  Ayeka says.  "Oh Miss. Washu."

Washu says.  "Lil Washu."

Ayeka is a bit taken a back by this and says.  "Alright
Washu, I was wondering if you could do me a service."

Washu repeats herself.  "Only if you call me Lil' Washu."

Ayeka dryly says.  "Lil' Washu do you think you could
help me regrow Ryuo."

Washu smiles.  "No," Washu says.  "no way, not doing it,
no chance in the world."  Ayeka nearly falls over in surprise.
Angrily Ayeka is about to throttle Washu from behind when
Washu continues.  "That is what I could normally say, but in your
case I will make an exception."

Washu aids Ayeka guiding her to a special machine that
simulates the conditions needed to grow Jurai trees.  After Washu
finishes explaining Ayeka thanks her and set to work planting
Ryuo.

Vegeta enters the shrine uninvited and approaches Tenchi's
grandfather.  Vegeta asks.  "Are you Katsuhito?"  When Tenchi's
grandfather nods Vegeta continues.  "And you, and you alone
trained Tenchi."  Tenchi's grandfather nods again.  Vegeta says.
"Then Master Katsuhito I demand to be given the same training."

Katsuhito look Vegeta right in the eyes.  Katsuhito says.
"Very well.  It will be good; I have so few who ask for my
training.  However, you must promise to finish the training once
you begin it.  There can be no short cuts or exception."

Vegeta smiles at this.  Vegeta says.  "I can handle any
training you can devise.  You need not be concerned I swear I will
complete your training."

Katsuhito smiles for the first time and says.  "You have
spirit Vegeta.  Let us begin then."

Half an hour later Mihoshi just out of bed takes a walk
around the shrine only to see Vegeta raking leaves.  Mihoshi walks
over to him threw his pile and asks.  "What are you doing?"

Vegeta clenches both fists and a vein throbs in his
forehead.  Very slowly he turns to Mihoshi and says.  "I am
engaged in new training."

Mihoshi look about.  "Really?"  She asks.  "Wow, and here
I though you were raking leaves.  You Saiyans are really
something."

Vegeta growls to himself as she leaves.  "I mustn't kill her.
Must not…kill…her."

By the late afternoon Vegeta has swept, cleaned, raked,
dusted, prayed, meditated and read more then he had ever done
before in his life.  Tenchi and Vegeta are now on another inane
task, taking out the trash.

Tenchi says.  "Well Vegeta, what do you think of my
grandfather.  I think it's good that you're training with him.  Now I
don't have to do all the chores."  Vegeta looks at him with a look
of infinite frustration.  "Oh, not quite what you expected?"  Tenchi
asks nervously.

The bundle of garbage in Vegeta's hands disintegrates in a
flash of light.  "I'll tell you what I think.  I think Master Katsuhito
is…"

Fortunately they are interrupted by Katsuhito himself.
"Tenchi, Vegeta when you finish with that come meet me behind
the shrine."  Then he walks away.

Vegeta growls in anger.  Extends a hand to Tenchi.  Tenchi
flinches as energy shots toward him.  However when the smoke
clears only the garbage was disintegrated.   "Come on."  Vegeta
commands and he marches off after Katsuhito.  Vegeta, while
Tenchi goes through so more advanced drills and routines, is
taught the basics of swordplay and Katsuhito's discipline.

Ayeka watches Tenchi from a far when Ryoko sneaks up
on her.  Ayeka is startled as Ryoko teleports behind her and says.
"What are you doing princess."

Ayeka turns around angrily.  "Well if it's any of your
concern I am guarding Lord Tenchi.  I don't trust this Vegeta
person at all."

Ryoko rolls her eyes and says.  "Right princess sure
whatever.  But in my opinion I lump you and Mr. Prince of all egos
over there in the same category."

Ayeka getting angry now says back.  "And just what do
you mean by that?"

Ryoko says.  "Well let's look at the facts shall we.  You
both make more trouble for Tenchi.   You both have egos to match
that little title of yours.  You both couldn't use your powers to get
your way out of a paper bag.  You both have faces that only a
mother could love."

Ayeka shouts back cutting her off.  "And what about
yourself, you devil woman.  You nearly killed lord Tenchi when
Kagato arrived.  You nearly killed him when you crashed your ship
into mine.  You nearly killed him when you first meet him.  You
see fit to destroy everything you come across.  You're an ill-
mannered cur.  Vegeta and you are practically soul mates."

Ryoko retorts.  "Oh well listen here ice queen…"

Both stop as Vegeta yells at them.  "Will you two get out of
there you dolts! You're disturbing my training."

Ryoko yells back.  "Aw shut up."

Ayeka chimes in.  "Quite right we will go were we please."
Vegeta shout back.  "I have given you an order.  If you do
not leave I will have to force you to leave!"

Ryoko shouts back energy crackling in her fingers.  "Come
and try it."

Tenchi once again tries to be the peacemaker.   "Ryoko,
Ayeka please this is serious stuff.  We would appreciate it if you
wouldn't interrupt us.  Please for me?"

Ryoko backs down and says.  "Alright Tenchi if you
insist."  Ayeka stay a moment longer until Ryoko grabs her and
pulls Ayeka after herself.

Latter that day Krillin stops over for a visit.  He finds
Sasami, Ayeka, Ryoko, and Washu watching TV.  Krillin says.
"Hi everybody I hope you don't mind me dropping in but after all
we went through and with Tien and everyone gone…"

Ryoko says.  "Quite Krillin this is just getting to the good
part."

Krillin looks at the screen and two figures are crying their
eyes out about to kiss.  "Oh sorry."  Krillin says.  Krillin waits
board for a half hour until the show ends.

Ayeka is the first to notice Krillin.  "Oh are you still here?
I mean Kolin how good to see you again."

Krillin corrects her.  "My name is Krillin actually."

Ayeka says.  "Whatever."

Sasami says.  "Oh hi, how are you?"

Krillin smiles and says.  "I'm good I guess.  I just came by
to tell you Gohan and his mom would like you all to come over for
dinner."

Sasami smiles.  "Wow how nice.  Can we Ayeka please?"

Ayeka smiles too and says.  "Well I don't see why not
Sasami."

Ryoko adds.  "Great now I won't have to do any dishes."

Washu says.  "Like you would do them anyway."

Vegeta refuses to take time away from his evening training,
so that night only Ryoko, Washu, Ayeka, Sasami, Tenchi, Mihoshi
and Krillin heads over to Goku's House.

Gohan rushes out to meet them.  "Thanks for coming.  It's
been kind of quiet around here."

Mihoshi walks up to Gohan.  "Gohan how are you doing?"

Gohan perks up as he relies.  "Great Miss.  Mihoshi!"

Chi-Chi comes out to greet her guests.  "Hello my name is
Chi-Chi, I am Gohan's mother."

Ayeka introduces herself.  "Hello I am Ayeka and this is
Sasami my sister.  We thank you for your hospitality."

They all come in take a seat around the dinner table, with
Ayeka and Ryoko next to Tenchi of course.

"Can I help Mrs. Chi Chi."  Sasami says.

Chi-Chi smiles.  "If you like Sasami."  Chi-Chi and Sasami
work quickly to bring the food out to the table.  When all is ready
everyone begins to eat.

Ayeka quietly eats her meal.  Ayeka stairs as Mihoshi
stuffs her face full of food.  Ryoko pokes at her food a bit
unenthusiastically then unceremoniously tips back a bowl of
noodles.  Tenchi is a bit embarrassed by their behavior.

Tenchi whispers to Ryoko and Mihoshi.  "Would you two
please show some manners were guests at this house."

Ayeka is quick to chime in a bit louder.  "Yes Tenchi is
quite right.  Ryoko you are disgraceful.  Look at the you stuff
yourselves it's a wonder you even manage to chew at all the way
you eat."

Krillin smiles and turns to Gohan both nod and laugh.

"What?  Did I say something amusing Krillin?"  Ayeka
says.

Krillin has to stop laughing a moment and composes
himself before he can answer.  "Well, you see, we're all used to
that because when Goku was here he ate just like that."

Chi-Chi chimes in.  "No, he was worse.  I love him dearly
but cooking for him was a full time job.  He could clean out the
entire kitchen and then go do his little training exercises for a few
hours and eat even more for lunch."

Ayeka says under her breath.  "How charming."

Chi-Chi says.  "Gohan has told me a bit about you all.  He
said something about you being a scientist or something Washu?"

Washu stands up as she says.  "A scientist or something!?!
I am Washu the greatest scientific genius in the universe."

Chi-Chi replies.  "Gohan is going to be a scientist when he
grows up.  He is going to create a device to cure disease or stop
famine or something."

Washu says.  "Well, that's all fine and good, but let me tell
you those things get old real fast.  Everyone thinks you great then
you make one little mistake, mutate a few people and everyone is
all over you.  I have a whole slew of marvelous devices.  Why I
even invented Ryoko perhaps the greatest creation of all time."
Washu looks over at Ryoko who is passed out, saki in one hand
and noodles hanging out of her mouth.  A bead of sweat forms on
Washu's head.  Washu says.  "Well you're not catching her at her
best exactly.  But let me assure you her design is brilliant."

Chi-Chi says.  "Un, sure.  Anyway I was wondering if you
would be willing to tutor Gohan.  I have been looking for a tutor
for some time now.  I can only teach him so much and to learn
with a real scientist would be perfect."

Washu considers for a moment.  She turns around hiding an
evil grin that spreads across her face.  She turns back around and
says.  "I would love to teach Gohan.  He can be my pupil and lab
assistant."

Mihoshi asks.  "Where is your honorable father?"

Gohan looks at the floor then quietly says.  "He is trapped
in another dimension.  We were going to wish him back with the
Dragonballs but now their gone."

Mihoshi says.  "Maybe Washu can help.  She seems to be
able to help with everything."

Washu says.  "Even I cannot bring people back from the
dead."

Mihoshi says.  "Well couldn't you find some more
Dragonballs?"

Washu stares at Mihoshi and says.  "What makes you think
there are more Dragonballs?"

Mihoshi pull item after item out of her pockets tossing
them onto the table.  Then looks over the items for one in
particular.  She pulls a pen she dropped out of her food.  Mihoshi
clicks the end of the pen and a screen open.  She fiddles with some
the controls and an image appears on the screen.  Then Mihoshi
confidently says.  "Because they mention them in the Galaxy
Police files."

The group crowds around the screen.  The screen identifies
a Piccolo like alien as a class 7-A galaxy criminal.  The
information in the file is incomplete.  The file mention several
planets begin destroyed with the alien being the prime suspects.
File mentions several sphere had an unspecified part in the
destruction.  From there it just gets weird with something about
super mutant giant aliens or something to that extent.

Washu stairs at the screen.  Washu says.  "Mihoshi that's
so…competent."  Washu begins studying the data intently.

Gohan asks.  "Does this mean there might be other
Dragonballs?"

Washu says.  "We don't know anything for sure right now,
but this gives me something to start my research with."

Gohan is delighted by this.  "Is their anything I can do to
help.  I want my dad back and I owe Mr. Piccolo."

Washu says.  "Not right now but I may need your help
later.  I'll get started on this right away."  With that said Washu's
computer appears in front of her.  She taps a few commands in and
a door appears in the room.  Washu opens it and enters.  When she
shuts the door it disappears behind her.

Chi-Chi says.  "How strange."

Tenchi says.  "You get used to it after a while."

The meal proceeds without incident until Krillin asks
Tenchi.  "Well Tenchi you seem to have a lot of ladies staying with
you.  Which one is your girlfriend?"

Tenchi nearly falls over as Ryoko and Ayeka latch on to his
arms.

Ryoko says.  "Yes Tenchi do tell."

Tenchi says.  "Ah, well, you see ah…could you let go of
my arms."

Ryoko actually squeezes a little harder and says.  "Yes
Tenchi tell Ayeka to get away from us."

A bead of sweat form on Tenchi's forehead and he says.
"Now Ryoko I meant…"

But before he can finish Ayeka interjects.  "Ryoko stop it.
What are you doing?  Lord Tenchi and I are meant to be together.
We are related by Royal blood.  You are just a, a load of cheep
goods."

Everyone stares at Ayeka.  Krillin whispers.  "Ayeka the
whole Royal blood thing may be a real turn on in Jurai, but on
Earth it's a little odd to want to marry your relative."

Ayeka blushes and Ryoko adds.  "You herd the shrimp just
back off."

Krillin says. "Hey!"

Ayeka and Ryoko are on their feet now faces inches apart.
Chi-Chi speaks up.  "Girls now this is most inappropriate. You're
being rude."

Ryoko says.  "Oh stay out of it you shrew."

Chi-Chi gets extremely mad; she turns red with anger and
screams.  "What did you say!?!"  From here dinner takes
somewhat of a downward spiral as violence erupts.

After 'dinner' is over everyone lies exhausted and sore on
the floor, except Sasami who is diligently cleaning up the room,
which is totally trashed.  Chi-Chi thinks to herself.  "These people
are definitely a bad influence on Gohan."

The next day Vegeta gets up at the crack of dawn and
begins some training exercises.  Vegeta exercises for over three
hours but still feels unsatisfied.  "One earth in this light gravity this
is all too easy I need something extreme to improve."  Vegeta
think to himself.  Vegeta toys with the idea of attacking Tenchi but
decides against it, for now.

In the house everyone is up early thanks to Vegeta's
training.  Ayeka looks out the window and sees him practicing
Saiyan fighting styles.  "The man is clearly insane."  She thinks to
herself.  See smiles to her.  "Maybe he and that devil woman will
do each other in.  Ah, we can only hope."

Ayeka comes down stairs.  Ryoko is already hanging on
Tenchi who is trying to get through breakfast.  "Ryoko!"  Ayeka
starts.

Sasami turns about to both of them.  "Please not this early
in the morning."  Sasami asks.

Ayeka still stand their indignant.  "Only if she will get off
Lord Tenchi."

Ryoko stick her tongue out Ayeka.  "What ever is the
matter Ayeka?  Can't you get up early enough to eat with Tenchi?"
Ryoko taunts.

Ayeka retorts.  "Well some of us work around the house
and can not take four and five naps a day.  Still at your age I guess
you need all the beauty sleep you can get."

Ryoko now is the one getting mad.  Tenchi having seen this
play out one to many times quickly says.
"ThankyouSasamiforthebreakfastIhavetogodochoorsenowbye."
And rushed out side.  Ryoko and Ayeka are left staring as Tenchi
runs out of the house.

Meanwhile in the next dimension Piccolo arrives at King
Kia's planet.  Goku stop his training to greet him.  "Piccolo it's
good to see you again.  Let me introduce you, this is King Kai,
Gregory and Bubbles."

Piccolo is less then impressed by the short blue creature he
sees before him.  "Welcome,"  King Kia says.  "I take it you are
here to learn the mystic art of Keo Ken."  King Kia says.

Piccolo looks at King Kai and says.  "Actually I prefer to
do most of my training myself."

King Kia is floored by Piccolo's proclamation.  King Kia
protests.  "Do you realize you are passing up a chance to train with
me the foremost master of martial arts."

Goku says.  "You really should reconsider Piccolo.  King
Kia is a great teacher.  All my new skills I owe to him."

King Kia stands tall as he says.  "That's right.  Under my
training Goku has reached a new power level.  Why he could take
a Saiyan with ease."

Piccolo is still unimpressed.  "I've already seen two
Saiyans beaten with ease.  Though I would like to see how
powerful you've really become Goku."  A wry smile crosses
Piccolo's face and Goku sees what he means.

Goku says.  "Bring it on."

Goku and Piccolo fight for most of morning and late into
the afternoon, however it is clear fifteen minutes into it that Goku,
even though he is holding back, is clearly still more powerful.  But
even King Kia had to admit Piccolo was surprisingly powerful.  He
had even improved some since his fight with Kagato.  Further
Piccolo had a deep bag of tricks that he always seemed to be
dipping into.  Finally both Piccolo and Goku get their fill of
sparring, and each begins training alone.

Vegeta at length goes to see Washu.  It takes no small
effort on his part to locate her in her new subspace lab, which once
no more than a small closet, now leads to an interior easily larger
than the entire house.  When Vegeta finally finds Washu she is
typing away on her holographic computer.   Nearby in a
containment field are the seven perfectly round rocks that used to
be the Dragonballs.

Vegeta says.  "Washu!  Ahem, Lil' Washu.  I am in need of
some help I believe only you can give.  I am in need of some
training equipment."

Washu continues working, but says.  " Yes I've heard from
a few people you train extensively, at VERY early hours.  Well
normally I'd say no but seeing has I have had so many requests
along this line I suppose I can help.  Be with you in a minute just
wait over their somewhere.  Here content yourself with this in the
meantime."  Washu tapes a few keys and a Dragonball appears.
Vegeta stunned reaches down for and grasps it.  The small
Dragonball squishes in his grasp.

Unsure Vegeta looks to Washu and she explains.  "It a
Dragonstressball, when you feel angry you just squeeze it and take
your frustration out on it.  There you have it already."  Vegeta is
already fiercely squeezing the ball.  Washu finishes.  "Wow that is
a lot of stress.  Don't worry you can't break it.  Now if you'll just
wait over there."

Vegeta walks a little bit away from Washu.  He leans
against one of the numerous tanks holding an alien life form and
waits.  A minute quickly becomes two, then three, and then far to
many for Vegeta to wait.

Vegeta reprimands himself.  "I cannot believe I was going
to lower myself to this."  He walks off to find Katsuhito hoping to
speed today's lessons along.  Vegeta doesn't notice behind him as
some unusual activity begins to occur in the tank behind him.

In deep space Detective first class Kiyone wakes up on her
ship.  She climbs out of bed.  As she begins her morning routine
she glances at a picture of herself and Mihoshi.  "Oh, Mihoshi you
were always such a burden to me.  But now with you gone the
though of you being dead makes me…so very HAPPY!"  Kiyone
says jubilantly.  Kiyone dances happily about the room.
"Wherever your soul is, may it rest in peace Mihoshi."  Kiyone
says.

Kiyone's jubilation is cut short as a message comes in from
Galaxy Police HQ. "Detective first class Kiyone."  The sergeant
cuts in.

Kiyone stops her jubilation and snaps to attention.
"Detective Kiyone, we have a new assignment for you.  You are to
go to Earth at once for a search and rescue mission of Detective
first class Mihoshi."

Kiyone's eyes go wide with disbelief and she grasps the
screen putting her face right to the screen.  Kiyone shouts almost
pleading.  "But Mihoshi can't be alive!  You said she was dead.
Killed pursuit of the space pirate Kagato."

The sergeant appears almost apologetic as he says.  "I said
we though Mihoshi was dead.  We detected a large explosion from
what we believe to be the Soja.  But no one has followed it up yet
with Earth being rather unimportant and in Jurai territory.  But the
paperwork went threw and you are now permitted into Jurai space
in search of Mihoshi.  I'm sorry.  Good luck."

Kiyone is left to stare pitifully at the blank screen.  Kiyone
pleads to the universe.  "Oh please don't let Mihoshi be alive!"

	Meanwhile Washu's lab the small brown creature that
inhabit the tank that Vegeta was leaning on begin to merge
together.  As they fuse they being to take a humanoid form.
Finally when the last one is incorporated into its new shape it
breaks out of its tank.

	In the living room Washu suddenly busts out from her lab.
Ryoko, Vegeta, Sasami and Ayeka are sitting in the room.
Mihoshi is a sleep on the couch.  "Everyone come in here
quickly!"  She tells them.  When everyone in the house enters her
lab she shows them the tank.

Ryoko asks.  "What the heck was in here?"

Washu answers confidently.  "The masses were kept in this
tank.  Your father."  Ryoko falls over in disbelief.

When she gets to her feet she shouts.  "Whet the hell do
you mean?"

Washu always happy to explain spells it out for Ryoko.
"The masses were the other half of what I used to create you.  By
combining the masses with my ova I created you.   You see first
one need…"

Washu starts to enter into the complicated specifics when
Vegeta interrupts.  "I don't see how this involves me.  This is your
lab and your pet, you deal with it."

Mihoshi scold Vegeta.  "Have you no feelings this is
Ryoko's father we are talking about."

Ryoko yells at Mihoshi.  "It's not my father!"

Ayeka asks Washu.  "Excuse me but, what is a mass
anyway?"

	"Excellent question Ayeka."  Washu says and taps in a few
commands on her keyboard.  Desks pop up form the floor for
everyone except for Washu.  A podium and screen materialize by
Washu and suddenly she is in collegic robes.  Ascending to the
podium Washu begins to lecture with visual aids appearing on the
screen.  "Mass is a alien life form made of the basic building block
of creation.  They act in a school with one mass, the one with the
strongest will, acting as its leader.  However when the leader
senses a will stronger then it's own it accepts that will as its leader
and acts accordingly.  Now although masses are usually gentile
and not aggressive, when threatened they will defend themselves.
Masses can generate huge amounts of energy for defense.  Their
bodies are made of standard matter but contain pockets of anti-
matter surrounded in neutral matter.  When they attack they will
expel parts of their bodies with catastrophic results.  Further
masses do not show up on any tracking system available.  So the
question becomes how do we find a mass?"
Washu looks around and calls on  "Ryoko".

Ryoko who was not paying attention at all thinks for a
second and answers.  "We go out and look for it."
Washu says.  "Wrong."  And a large cabbit statue crashes
onto Ryoko.  Washu looks around again.  This time she calls on
"Ayeka."

Ayeka suggests.  "If we can find out what will affected the
masses we can find out were they went."

Washu says.  "An excellent idea miss Ayeka.  And seeing
as only one person has gone by that tank all day I am sure that
factor was, Vegeta.  Well Vegeta what was it you were thinking?"

Vegeta stands up.  "What?  I don't remember and even if I
did I am certainly not going to tell my thoughts to any of you."
Vegeta goes to leave but when he touches the door is blasted back
by a huge force field.  Ryoko grabs him and helps Washu secures
the stunned Vegeta into a chair like apparatus.

Washu explains.  "This devise will read Vegeta mind
giving us his most recent thoughts.  Sorry Vegeta."  Washu
activates the device and an image starts to appear on the screen.
"Here we go this is just before the masses were influenced we just
need watch a minute or two."

The first image is of Vegeta shoving the Dragonstressball
down Washu's throat with gleeful malice.   Then the image
changes to Vegeta being reprimanded by his father for associating
with inferiors.  Finally they reach the though in question Vegeta
finishing his 'ridiculous' he and Tenchi must do in the carrot fields
and Master Katsuhito finally getting to the real training today.  The
image finishes with Vegeta growing more and more powerful
laughing maniacally.

	Ryoko comments.  "Well that was just disturbing."

Washu says.  "Come on quickly to the fields.  If Tenchi is
there and the masses sense his Jurai power they may attack him."
Ryoko heads for the door and Washu shouts.  "No wait Ryoko I
haven't…"  Ryoko grabs the door and is blasted by the force field.
"…turned the force field off yet.  Oh never mind them lets go."
Washu deactivates the force field and they leave the lab without
Vegeta or Ryoko.

	They rush out to the carrot field where Tenchi is working.
Tenchi looks up and sees them running.  Tenchi greets them.  "Oh
hi, what the rush?"

Ayeka rushes to Tenchi as says.  "Lord Tenchi you are in
grave danger."

Tenchi says.  "Wha…What do you mean."

Washu wastes no time in explaining about the masses.
"Don't worry Ryoko should arrive soon and we'll be ready for
them then."  Washu says.

	In the lab Vegeta struggles to free himself from the chair as
Ryoko comes around.  "Ryoko let me loose at once.  Tenchi
doesn't matter you have to let me loose it's all that matters."
Vegeta commands.

Ryoko takes on a look of mock thought and says.  "Oh sure
I'll just drop everything.  Sorry Vegeta, Tenchi comes first.  You
well when I hit rock bottom I'll give you a call, maybe."  Then
Ryoko to leaves the lab.

Vegeta growls and with all his strength manages to tear the
armrest off the right side of the chair.  He bites down on the cord
restraining his hand and tears it free too.  Vegeta finally manages
to free himself and wrenches the last restraint from himself.
"Fools, now it's up to me."  Vegeta says then stands and tosses the
last strap aside and quickly leaves the lab.

	Master Katsuhito sits outside the shrine when a brown
vaguely humanoid figure with Saiyan like 'hair'.  Master Katsuhito
looks up and says to himself.  "Huuum, what is this now?"  The
mass creature begins going through a series of training exercises.
Master Katsuhito watches it a bit puzzled.  When it finishes it
approaches Katsuhito himself.

	Ryoko arrives at the carrot fields.  "What happen, Tenchi
are you all right?"  Ryoko asks.

Tenchi says.  "I'm fine Ryoko the masses haven't showed
up yet."  Ryoko takes up position by Tenchi protectively.

Ryoko says.  "Well now that I'm here you've got nothing
to worry about.  I'll tear those thing to shreds."

Mihoshi says.  "But Ryoko you can't fight with your Father
that would just not be right."

Ryoko shouts at Mihoshi.  "For the last time that thing is
not my Father."

	The masses approach Katsuhito when they get within about
ten feet they suddenly react as though something is frightening
them.  The masses look about and pull away from Katsuhito then
extend an arm towards Katsuhito.  The masses palm starts to glow
with inner light.  "Well that is not good."  Katsuhito says but
doesn't move for about two and a half minutes the Masses and
Katsuhito simply stays motionless looking at one another.

Then the silence is broken by Vegeta's harsh voice.  "Well
if you're looking for someone threatening, I'm your man.  Besides
until I'm done with my training no one may kill Master Katsuhito."

	Washu looks puzzled and says.  "This is very odd.  The
masses cannot be distracted.  They will not deviate from their task.
They can't get lost.  They should be here by now.  But if their not
here then where would they go?"  Washu says.  The answer
becomes clear as a huge explosion comes form near the shrine.

"Grandfather!"  Tenchi shouts.  The group rushes off.

	Vegeta lies at the bottom of a large crater.  The mass's
attack was so sudden and incredibly fierce it completely took
Vegeta by surprise.   The mass creature walks over to Vegeta.  The
arm that it fired at Vegeta rapidly regrows. It aims the new arm at
Vegeta's head and even with it's vague and indescript features
Vegeta recognizes his own smile on the masses lips.

"No."  Vegeta says and tries to move, but having taken the
blast in full Vegeta finds he can barely move at the moment.  The
Masses new arm glows.

"Stop!"  Katsuhito commands.

Katsuhito now armed with a training sword stand ready to
fight.  The masses swing their arm out to Katsuhito and fires.  The
masses arm flies at Katsuhito.  With amazing speed Katsuhito
move his head to the side.  The disembodied arm just misses
Katsuhito smacking into a tree and exploding with tremendous
force behind Katsuhito.  Katsuhito throws his sword at the masses.
The wooden sword streaks at the masses.   The sword slams into
the masses head going in point first directly in the creature
forehead and lodging itself to the hilt.  Katsuhito runs at the masses
before they can recover.  He jump kicks the masses grabbing his
swords as he kicks the masses back.   The masses slam into the
ground.  It's arm having once again grown back.  It fires one then
the other arm at Katsuhito, but Katsuhito is much to fast and
dodges them.  The masses seem to stare at Katsuhito and its head
tears free blasting at Katsuhito.   Master Katsuhito leaps high into
the air avoiding the attack.  He lands in front of the masses and
with three quick attacks chops the masses to bits.  Vegeta look on
in awe at Katsuhito's skill.  However the masses pull back together
and regrow the missing arms and head.  Katsuhito is about to
attack again when Ryo'Ohki leaps onto the masses head.  The
masses raise their arms and prepare to blast Ryo'Ohki.

Washu calls out.  "Ryo'Ohki absorb and assimilate."  The
cabbit pulls in the masses in a flash of light and transforms into a
furry almost human little girl with blue and brown hair.  Washu
inspects the new Ryo'Ohki and says.  "Well it looks like you
assimilated the masses rather well."  The new Ryo'Ohki look
about.

"Myaa?"  Ryo'Ohki says.

Mihoshi asks.  "Does this mean that Ryo'Ohki is Ryoko's
father?"

Washu looks at Mihoshi and says.  "I'm not going to even
dignify that with and answer."  Washu walks over to Vegeta.
"Well look at it this way.  You're only stronger now."

Vegeta in a lot of pain pull himself out of the blast crater.
Pulls out the Dragonstressball and squished it with all his might.
Vegeta however doesn't let it trouble him for long.  He can only
think back to how he saw Master Katsuhito fought.  What doubts
he once held about this training are now dispelled.

"I will master this training, and then, oh yes and then…"
Vegeta thinks to himself.

Master Katsuhito walks over to Vegeta and says.  "Well in
light of what just happened we will skip the rest of the chores until
after training.  Unless you want to skip training for today?"
Vegeta grits his teeth and stands up ready to train.  Master
Katsuhito smiles almost imperceptibly and begins the day's
lessons.

	Latter that week Gohan comes over to start his lessons with
Washu.  Washu starts to explain about galactic theory as it relates
to transdimentional events.  However, she is forced to reevaluate
he lesson plan for the day.  In the end they start to study the atom.
After about to hours of lessons Washu gets to the part she has been
waiting for.

Washu announces.  "Alright Gohan that's it for today's
lessons.  Now you are going to get to be my lab assistant.  Now
what did your mother tell you?"

Gohan answers.  "To listen to you and do what you tell me
to."

Washu smiles.  "Great, now Gohan today we are going to
study unusual energy phenomenon, how a certain phenomenon is
linked to alien life, and more specifically how they achieve this
effect.  We will start with a test subject for demonstration.  You
Gohan."

Washu taps a few buttons and Gohan is covered in sensors
and probes.  After an extensive lecture on how to properly examine
a subject and review of the data they finish with Gohan.

Washu says.  "There you see now Gohan.  Though these
initial tests proved inconclusive as to how you generated all that
energy on Kagato's ship, the data will still be valuable and perhaps
on review will yield further enlightenment.  Now are you ready for
the fun part."

Gohan nods and says.  "Yes, Ms. Washu I think I am
ready."

Washu says.  "Good that's the scientific spirit.  For your
part you'll need this."

Washu hands Gohan a box.  Gohan looks at Washu for an
explanation and asks.  "What's this?"

Washu says.  "Well let me explain…"

	Tenchi comes downstairs.  At the foot of the stairs Gohan
sits fiddling with numerous mechanical pieces.  They are spread all
over the stairs.  Tenchi pauses as Gohan efficiently assembles the
pieces.  Much to Tenchi's surprise Gohan assembles the numerous
pieces into a small pyramid shape smaller then some of the original
pieces. Manipulating it some more it soon becomes a cylinder.

Tenchi asks as he finishes coming down the stairs.  "What
is that Gohan?"

Gohan looks up and says.  "It something Washu gave me to
work on.  It a special puzzle if you do it right is supposed to
become a sphere.  It supposed to teach special logic and
transdimetional thinking.  Here take a look."

Gohan hands the cylinder to Tenchi and explains how it
works.  Tenchi fiddles with it for a moment and is hooked.  Soon
he is fully concentrating on the cylinder now a cone.  Soon the
cylinder becomes a sphere.

Tenchi says.  "Look I got it."  They sphere glows and spin
and suddenly puffs out a small bit of gas.  Gohan catches Tenchi as
he falls over.  And takes him into Washu's lab.

	Gohan asks.  "Are you sure about this Ms. Washu?"

Washu directs Gohan to a monitor and says.  "Of course I
am.  By getting the subject unaware we ensure that we accurate
data for the subject at rest which we can then compare to the
subject active.  Your data was a demonstration so we didn't need
the at rest data."

Gohan says.  "Alright Ms. Washu but I never read any of
this in any of the books my mom gave me."

Washu retorts.  "Yes, well they said you couldn't travel
faster then light too didn't they?  Trust me Gohan I am the greatest
scientific genius in the universe."

After a large amount of tests, which Gohan helps with, they
wake up Tenchi.

	Tenchi says.  "Huh, what happened?  Gohan?  Washu?"

Gohan waves at Tenchi and says.  "Hi Tenchi, me and
Washu are studying you to analyze how you generate light hawk
wings.  Pretty neat huh."

Washu walks over.  "This shouldn't take too much longer.
We just have to run some tests with you awake."

Tenchi says.  "Next time just ask me please."

Gohan and Washu finish.  Washu says.  "Alright Gohan
pretty good for your first day.  Why don't you go to lunch while I
unhook Tenchi."  Gohan happily agrees and leaves the lab.  Washu
walk around out of Tenchi's sight.

Tenchi asks.  "I though you were going to get me down
from here?"

Washu comes back around with a nurse's outfit on.  She
says.  "Well there is one last little sample I need for my data."

Tenchi asks.  "What is with the nurses outfit."

Washu put on a pair of rubber gloves and continues.  "I am
an angle of mercy Tenchi.  (Giggles)  You see I need a sperm
sample for the data to be complete."  Tenchi protest and squirms to
get loose.  Washu says.  "Don't worry I have magic fingers."

	Washu is just about to start the collection process when
Mihoshi wanders in.  Mihoshi asks.  "Hi everyone!"

Washu quickly turns around and says.  "AAAH, how did
you get in here?"

Mihoshi says. "I just wandered in I guess."

Washu says.  "This lab is in another dimension you can't
just wander in."  Mihoshi ignores this observation and asks.

"Hey, what are you doing?"  Washu blushes and says.
"We're, ah, playing doctor.  Well all done I guess you can go
now."

Washu says obviously disappointed.  She lets Tenchi go
and they all head off to lunch.

	Two days later Detective first class Kiyone arrives on earth.
Looking at the data she was sent she quickly makes her way to the
Masaki residence.  Much to her dismay Kiyone finds Mihoshi alive
and well.  Kiyone is shocked to learn that the genius scientist
Washu, both of Jurai's princesses, Tenchi a previously unknown
distant relation to the royal family thanks to his ancestor Yosho,
are all staying together in the same house as Mihoshi.  Kiyone is
even more shocked to find the space pirate Ryoko and Vegeta
Prince of all Saiyans staying with them.  After some explaining
and some fighting.  Kiyone agrees not to arrest Ryoko as she is in
Jurai territory and her crimes against Jurai had expired under the
statute of limitations and Vegeta was not in violation of Jurai space
because Tenchi had agreed to let him stay here somewhat
legitimizing his presence there.  Mihoshi and Kiyone are set to
leave when a new set of orders makes them resident officers
assigned to the solar system and as Earth is the only inhabited
planet there Mihoshi and Kiyone move into an apartment to live in
and get new jobs on the side to pay for their expenses.  However
after they get fired from several jobs Tenchi invites them back to
the house and Kiyone out of options reluctantly agrees.

	Gohan's lessons under Washu go well despite the
complicated and some times chaotic style of teaching Washu
employs.  Gohan makes excellent progress once Washu scales
back her lessons to start with the basics.  As a lab assistant Gohan
proves to be enthusiastic doing his best to help Washu with her
experiments.

	One day as Gohan arrives for his lessons he finds Mihoshi,
Tenchi, Vegeta, Ryoko, Ayeka, Kiyone, Ayeka and Washu all
standing around a new device in the lab covered by a cloth.  Washu
smiles as she sees Gohan.

Washu says.  "Gohan, good I was waiting for you.  Today
we are about to embark on an epic experiment in science.  We are
about to create possibly the greatest invention of all time."

Two puppets marked A and B popup on Washu's shoulder.
A says.  "It's is amazing."  B chimes in.  "Better then cold fusion."
Then together.  "The ultimate achievement ever in SCIENCE!"
And they both start clapping.

Tenchi asks.  "What are those things?"

Washu says.  "Oh these?  It was Gohan's idea.  I made
these as a teaching aid for Gohan."

Gohan explains.  "My mom used to teach me with a puppet
when I was little."  Tenchi and Mihoshi stare as the puppets
disappear once more.

"Anyway, Gohan made his first invention today, a…(What
was it again?  An apple picker or something?)  Nice though it was.
Well it really didn't quiet meet the standards I am going for.  You
see Gohan although it was all fine and nice, as the greatest
scientific genius in the universe my inventions have to be a little
more grand and inspired and so do yours as my assistant.  Now I
realize I didn't explain this to you so as an example we built my
latest invention.  My transdimentional time/space machine."  As
Washu speaking she whisks the cloth off the machine.   "With this
devise one can manipulate time/space to create alter-dimensional
shifts and change reality to a new form.  Which means Gohan?"
Washu asks.

Gohan answers.  "You can essentially grant wishes?"

Washu's A & B puppets appear.  A says.  "Absolutely
correct."  B chimes in.  "Excellent observation."  Then disappear
again.

Washu finishes.  "I still need to test it a bit but if it works
we won't need the Dragonballs at all."  Washu gives them a
moment to gawk before ushering everyone out of the lab.  Outside
a plan quickly formed in many a mind of just how to test Washu's
new machine.

	That evening Ryoko stealthily slips down to the lab.  She
giggles to herself.  "Very soon Tenchi you and I will have a perfect
universe."  Ryoko walks over to the machine.  Much to her
surprise the device seems to be voice activated.

"Well this makes it all the easier."  Ryoko concludes.

"Not so fast!"  Vegeta and Ayeka say in unison.  Vegeta
turns to stare at Ayeka and Ryoko.

He says.  "Well it seems we all had the same idea."

Ayeka agrees.  "Indeed."

Ryoko shouts.  "Well we can't all use it and I was here
first."

Ayeka shouts back.  "You just want to use the machine to
get Lord Tenchi for yourself."

Ryoko calmly answers.  "Absolutely, me and Tenchi are
going to be seeing a lot of each other.  A whole lot once I'm threw.
We'll finally be rid of all these obstacles in our way.  Like that's
not what you planed to do anyway."

Ayeka responds in a condescending and offended voice.
"Unlike you I am not a…a…woman of lose morals.  I want a
relationship with Tenchi not some cheap thrill."

Quietly as Ayeka and Ryoko square off Vegeta switches
the machine on.  With Ayeka and Ryoko fighting Vegeta is about
to use the machine when Mihoshi, Kiyone, Tenchi, Yosho,
Noboyuki, Sasami, the guardians and Ryo'Ohki enter the room.  It
is quickly clear to everyone what is going on.  In moment everyone
has joined the argument.  They are only interrupted when the
machine activates.  Everyone freezes and turns to gape at the
machine as it beings to operate.

Washu burst threw the door.  Washu is saying as she enters.
"Something's draining a ton of power…What the hell?  What are
you people doing?"  The devise reaches full power and everyone
but Washu rises into the air then glow with energy.  In a
spectacular display they all disappear.  Washu stares at where they
were a moment then asks.  "What in the name of all the Gods and
Goddesses did they just wish for?"

	Ryoko stands before her army ready for glorious battle.
Her well-polished Saiyan armor hugs her body tightly and doing
just as much to enhance her sexiness as to defend her.  The armor
is a special Saiyan elite style armor and is designed just for her.
The jump suit under it has one blue sleeve and one orange sleeve
with red leggings.

Her tail twitches as she speaks, exemplifying her words.
"Let me make this clear.  This is the single most important attack
in the history of the Saiyan race.  Today we attack Jurai.  We have
a special goal today.  There is nothing more important then that.
We are not leaving Jurai unless it is in victory!  Nothing must stop
us.  It will be difficult, but there will be no excuses."

Ryoko looks down the line at her troops in their lower class
Saiyan armor.  Kiyone stands at strict military attention.  Vegeta
proudly stands ready.  Gohan stands strait though every once in a
while his eyes wonder away from his glorious leader.  Mihoshi
also stands at military ready though with her hand up.

With a sigh Ryoko stops her speech and calls on Mihoshi.
"Yes what is it?"

Mihoshi lowers her hand as she asks her question.  "So we
are, what um…going to Jurai for a ah…fieldtrip?"  Everyone falls
over in disbelief.

Kiyone roughly grabs her and shakes her as she shouts.
"We are invading Jurai.  Don't you get it?  What's wrong with
you?  We go over this every single time!  Every time!"

	Ryoko rolls her eyes as Kiyone berates Mihoshi.  Mihoshi
stars crying.  "I'm sorry!  I'm trying really."

Vegeta walks down to Mihoshi and shouts.  "Get a hold of
yourself.  You are a Saiyan warrior stop this crying immediately.
A true Saiyan would never cry.  We are conquerors of world,
ravagers of planet we do NOT cry.  A warrior has no such
weakness.  Now pull yourself together."

Mihoshi eyes Vegeta for moment sniffling, then brakes
down and cries some more.  Mihoshi says.  "Oh that's so mean."

Ryoko mutters to herself.  "Why me?"

	Ayeka smiles merrily as she dons her wedding dress.
Ayeka says.  Finally today is the day.  Lord Tenchi and I will be
joined in blessed matrimony."

Sasami helps her sister get ready.   Sasami says.  "Oh
Ayeka I am so happy for you.  You must be the luckiest girl in the
whole universe."

Ayeka smiles at her sister.  "You know I think you are right
Sasami."

When they finish Ayeka practically glows with grace and
beauty.  Ayeka tells Sasami.  "Sasami I hope you find someone as
wonderful as Tenchi so that some day you can have as happy a day
as this."

Ayeka gives herself one final look over then heads down
the stairs.  The wedding was a traditional earth wedding.  Sasami is
the flower girl, Ryo'Ohki the ring bearer, Azaka and Kamidake
acting as the best men, Noboyuki acting in the place of Ayeka's
father in giving away the bride, and Katsuhito acting to actually
marry them.  To Ayeka it is almost surreal.  She had so longed for
this day.  The wedding line stars to process as the music begins to
play.  Slowly they start to process in each taking their places by the
alter until Ayeka herself comes down the aisle.  She reaches half
way and Noboyuki steps aside as Tenchi steps up.  Ayeka can
scarcely contain her joy but doesn't speak for fear of ruining the
moment.  Music playing in full they walk down to the alter.

Katsuhito straitens his glasses begins to read.  "Dearly
beloved we are gathered…"

Katsuhito is interrupted as the wall behind him explodes
out knocking him and everyone else to the ground.  Standing in the
hole in the wall is Ryoko dressed in her stylized Saiyan armor with
her band of warriors behind her.

Ryoko announces.  "I object!"

	Ryoko snaps her fingers everyone attacks.  Mihoshi moves
to attack Yosho, Kiyone against Noboyuki, Gohan and Vegeta take
the guardians.  Mihoshi faces off against Katsuhito.

Mihoshi tells Katsuhito.  "I should warn you I am lower
class Saiyan warrior Mihoshi and I am extremely dangerous."

Katsuhito merely stands up and says.  "You don't say."

Mihoshi launches a furry of punches at Katsuhito.
Effortlessly Katsuhito blocks them.  Then suddenly he steps aside.
Off balance Mihoshi stumbles forward.  With a martial arts style
chop he knocks Mihoshi out cold.

Noboyuki takes out a Jurai sword.  He says.  "Please I
much rather make war nor love, ah wait that's not it, well you
know what I…"   He never finishes as one well-placed kick from
Kiyone puts him out of the fight.

Gohan and Vegeta battle above while Ryoko takes care of
business.  Tenchi begins to sweat.

Tenchi says.  "Ryoko, this really isn't appropriate."

Ayeka is furious.  She shouts.  "Is that all you have to say
after she interrupts our wedding."
Ryoko pushes Ayeka off the alter.  Ryoko turns to Tenchi.
"Tenchi I came all this way just for you."  Then to everyone.
"Alright troop we have what we came for."

Ryoko's troops turn and stare at her.

Kiyone says.  "You mean to tell us we came all this way
fought our way into the most heavily guarded planet in the
Universe filled with power and wealth and we are just going to
snatch some guy and run away?"

Ryoko gleefully smiles as she replies.  "Isn't it so
romantic?  It's the perfect way to start my life with Tenchi."
Ryoko looks around and from the look on her troops faces they
don't quite agree with her.  Ryoko asks.  "What?"

	Vegeta yells.  "You mean we risked are lives attacking the
most heavily guarded planet in the Universe so…so you could get
a boy friend!?!"

Kiyone adds.  "Really we shouldn't be that surprised."

Ryoko says.  "Yes, so what's your point?"

Ayeka stands back up and says.  "I'll give you the point."
That said she pushes Ryoko off the alter and into a table of food.
Ayeka laughs.

Ryoko covered with food says.  "Oh so you think that's
funny."

Ryoko grabs the wedding cake and chucks it at Ayeka.
Ayeka furious and covered in frosting charges Ryoko.  The two go
down in a tussle of food and fighting.  Kiyone and Vegeta both
sigh.

Katsuhito says.  "Well at least this will be worth
remembering."

	Back in the lab Washu operates he equipment.  "Ah ha,
found them.  Now I'll just collapse that pocket dimension they are
in."  As the does so the read out on her machine changes.  Washu
frowns at the read out.  "Drat, they have shifted to another pocket
dimension and I can't close it until I find them.  Worse the
dimensions are starting to become unstable.  This is going to be a
long night."

	After a lot of work Washu finally gets the problem down to
one dimension.  "Washu considers.  "This last one is going to be
trouble."

	Vegeta wakes up in his room.  He sits up and opens his
eyes.  Vegeta falls out of bed when the first thing he sees is Ryoko.

Ryoko floats over to Vegeta and says merrily.  "Good
morning Vegeta."

Vegeta stands up and says.  "What do you want?"

Ryoko puts her arms around Vegeta.  She says.  "Vegeta
you know what I want."

Vegeta says.  "No, I don't now get off me."

Vegeta shrugs off Ryoko and head to the bathroom.  He
starts to take a shower when Ryoko's head phases through the
wall.

Ryoko says.  "Vegeta are you sure you don't need
company."

Vegeta falls backward and gets caught in the shower
curtain.  Vegeta yells back.  "What are you doing!  Get out of
here."

	After his shower Vegeta makes his way down stair angry as
anything.  Mihoshi walks up to Vegeta.

Mihoshi says.  "Hi Vegeta. Vegeta?  Vegeta."

Vegeta ignores her and proceeds into the kitchen.  Ryoko is
waiting for him.

"Vegeta!"  Ryoko says and gives him a big hug.

Vegeta pushes her off and says.  "Now stop that!!!"

Ayeka comes in and says.  "Yes Ryoko stop that.  Prince
Vegeta has enough problems with out you adding to them."

Sasami says.  "Breakfast will be ready in a moment."

Vegeta sits down and Ryoko and Ayeka sit on either side of
him.  Vegeta sits in silence as the girls look at him.

Ayeka breaks the silence.  "Vegeta there is a carnival in the
city this evening would you like to come with me?"

Ryoko shouts.  "No fair I was going to invite Vegeta to the
carnival."

Ayeka retorts.  "Well then it's a good thing I asked him
first then isn't it."

They both turn to Vegeta and say.  "Well!?!"

Vegeta says.  "Well what?"  Ryoko says.  "Who are you
going to go with?"

Vegeta looks at them incredulously.  He says.  "Why would
I go to some foolish carnival?"

Ryoko says.  "Oh come on it will be fun."

Ayeka says.  "Prince Vegeta has made up his mind Ryoko.
Why are you always trying to force him to do thing he doesn't
want to?"

The two begin to argue.  Vegeta interrupts saying.
"Wouldn't you two rather go with Tenchi?"

Both Ryoko and Ayeka look at Vegeta then nearly fall out
of their seats laughing.

Ayeka manages between gasps.  "Tenchi that egomaniac
with a stupid pony tail?  He'll probably be in the room Washu
made for him training all day."

	In the special training room Tenchi lies on his back on the
floor.  He is about forty-five feet from the control panel.  The room
is set to one hundred twenty nine times normal gravity.  All the
skin on Tenchi's face is stretched back.  He struggles across the
floor, inching his way over to the control panel.

	Back at the dinner table Vegeta is being pulled between
Ayeka and Ryoko.  Vegeta pulls himself free and bolts down the
hall way and into Washu's lab.  Washu is in the lab typing at her
computer.

Vegeta runs in and blurts out.  "Washu I need you help.
Something is terribly wrong everyone is acting strange."

Washu looks up from her work.  She says.  "Why sure
Vegeta I'd love to help you.  I will need to run a few test and such
though."

Vegeta says.  "Whatever, just do it."

Washu presses a button and her machine and a large robot
grabs Vegeta.  Washu says.  "While this is scanning I'll just collect
some physical samples."  Washu comes back around in a nurse's
out fit.  She announces.  "I'm ready now, let get…"

She is interrupted as a whole in the time space continuum
opens and another Washu dressed as normal hops into the room.
The normal Washu says.  "Vegeta I finally found you.  I had to
collapse all sort of dimensions to get here.  Whoa this one is really
unstable it even has a copy me (well I am much cuter)."

A & B show up on her shoulders.  A says.  "Says you are
beautiful Washu."  B says.  "The cutest scientist in the Universe
Washu."  Then Washu, A & B all laugh together.

Both the Washu dressed as a nurse and Vegeta first look at
Washu and then at each other.

The normally dressed Washu says.  "Well Vegeta I need
your help to get us all out of here."

The nurse Washu protests.  "You are not taking my Vegeta
anywhere!  (I haven't even go my sample yet.)"

Normal Washu ignores her.  "You were the one to activate
the machine right so I need you to Ooooow."

Nurse Washu grabs Normal Washu's hair.  Nurse Washu
says.  "Oh no you don't!"

Normal Washu and nurse Washu begin fighting.  Very soon
they up the stakes from pulling hair to their latest inventions.
Nurse Washu types up on her computer and shout out.  "Volley
Bomb."  Volleyball appears which nurse Washu spikes at normal
Washu.  The spike is off though and the bomb misses normal
Washu and blows up part of the lab.  Normal Washu laughs and
types on her own computer.  "Mechna Cannon."  She yells and a
huge cannon materializes.  Normal Washu grabs the weapon and
aims it at nurse Washu.  The weapon proves to be extremely heavy
and normal Washu fall backward hoisting the weapon and instead
ends up blasting the sealing as she falls over.

The battle continues this way for sometime until Vegeta
yells.  "Washu what do I need to do?"

Normal Washu looks at him and is narrowly missed by a
beam that freezes one of the devises in the lab.

Normal Washu says.  "Its all voice controlled still.  You
just need reject this dimension."

Vegeta says.  "Gladly.  I hate this place."  As Vegeta says
that the dimension collapses in a flash of light.

	As the months pass Vegeta eventually admits the training is
making progress.  Washu eventually did turn the closet in Vegeta's
room in the attic into an extra dimensional extreme training gym
for Vegeta.  Thanks to the gym Vegeta becomes stronger than ever
and thanks to the training Vegeta's skills become sharper then
ever.  However the new skills are only part of what Vegeta is
archiving.  Vegeta gains a new control over himself, his discipline
grows, and deep with in Vegeta begins to discover and strength or
and energy with in himself he never had know was their before.  It
is both extremely different and strongly familiar.  Though Vegeta
cannot access its full potential, he knows now it is there and the
little he draws from it is enough to radically enhance him.

	In the next dimension Yamcha, Tien and Chiaotzu arrived
on King Kai's planet.  They each under take King Kia's test and
training.  Piccolo and Goku each get stronger though Piccolo
continues to train alone in their matches Piccolo is quickly
becoming Goku's equal an even threatening to finally become
stronger then his long time rival.  Yamcha begins to learn Keo Ken
in the mouths that pass.  Though Tien is making little progress
toward the Keo Ken he is growing stronger and developing some
new techniques of his own.  Chiaotzu however is becoming
concerned more and more he is falling behind the others.  Chiaotzu
continues to train but inwardly admits to himself that his friends
have entered a whole new power level far beyond him and that in
the future he doubts what help he can be.

	One day on Earth Vegeta comes down for breakfast to find,
much to his dismay, no one has prepared breakfast.  Tenchi has
prepared himself a small meal.  Ayeka is keeping Tenchi company
enjoying the quite with only her and Tenchi up.  Ayeka quietly
talks with Tenchi.  Vegeta is about to demand what happened to
breakfast but something within him keeps him form disturbing the
two and he quietly leaves.  Vegeta irritated now finds Ryoko still
half asleep stumbling about the upstairs looking for Tenchi.

Vegeta stops her says.  "Where is Sasami?  There is
nothing to eat.  Does she plan to starve us?"

Ryoko now fully awake answers back.  "I'm not your
secretary so just back off.  If you must know Sasami spent the
night at Gohan's house, that old woman of his Chi-Chi seems to
like her for some reason.  What the mighty Vegeta can't feed
himself?"

Vegeta growls at her but walks away.  Ryoko calls after
him.  "Don't starve you highness, it would be to quick."

	Vegeta eventually makes his way back down stairs about
an hour later.  Ryoko and Ayeka are fighting and Tenchi quietly
tries to stay out of it.  The tranquility of the morning is gone.
Vegeta learned early on that it was best to ignore them.  Vegeta
goes to the pantry and fridge and pulls out a large assortment of
food trying to remember what each is.  Though the combination
proves to be disgusting Vegeta eats his meal and leaves.

"Today I will test my new strength."  Vegeta think to
himself.  Quickly Vegeta does his chores for the day and flies off.
Vegeta flies to the end of the earth, Antarctica.  "Despite all the
training and practice I have no worthy opponents to pit these new
skill against."  Vegeta tests the limits of his new power on the
frozen wastes.  Still despite it all it leaves Vegeta feeling
unsatisfied and at the end of the day Vegeta returns home.

	On his return Vegeta finds the crew exhausted.  Ryoko has
clearly been in a fight and got as good as she gave.

"What is all this?  What happened?"  Vegeta demands to
know.

Mihoshi explains.  "Oh Vegeta you missed it.  The
infamous bounty hunter Nagi came and abducted Tenchi to force
Ryoko into a fight.  We all went after her but the cabbits wouldn't
fight.  So we all went to the moon where Nagi and Ryoko fought.
It was the most intense battle I have ever seen.  The shear power
Nagi had it was incredible.  She is probably the most dangerous
person alive."  Mihoshi notices Vegeta clenching his fists.  "Ah did
I say some thing wrong?"  Mihoshi asks.

Vegeta leaves the house.

Kiyone asks.  "Washu I wondered about something.  If you
are the only one who can make a cabbit and Ryo'Ohki is the only
one you ever made, then how does Nagi have a cabbit?"

Washu claps her hands excitedly and explains.  "You see
Kiyone, Ryo'Ohki reproduces itself every time it is killed.  Nagi
destroyed a previous Ryo'Ohki when she and Ryoko were fighting
a long time ago.  When Ryo'Ohki reproduced there was a freak
mutation the egg divided into two.  Producing Ryo'Ohki and
something similar to a fraternal twin, which Nagi found later.  This
could happen any time Ryo'Ohki reproduces.  However the odds
against it are in the hundreds of trillions."

Outside Vegeta bellows about the injustice of it all and
longs for a fight.

	Whatever fates control the universe must have heard
Vegeta for at that same time at a secret research facility a scientist
makes a startling discovery.  The facility is a secret one for the
study of alien life forms. The department had been a joke until two
important discoveries had been brought to the lab.  The first was
over a year ago a dead alien body.  The second was more recent.
An alien spacecraft was recovered and brought to the facility.  This
particular scientist was assigned to the study of a small container
of seeds and a green liquid that was found inside the alien
spacecraft.  The scientist just discovered that the green liquid was a
super 'fertilizer' of sorts mixed with the same DNA as the aliens.
In a disastrous experiment it proved these seed when fertilized
grew into small humanoid monsters.  Though when simply planted
they formed a small weed like plant which quickly died, however
form this plant they could gather more seeds.  Ambition getting the
best of the researcher, the scientist decides to splice together
human DNA with the alien subjects DNA and using it to modify
the fertilizer.  The process takes several weeks but finally one night
the experiment is ready.  The experiment is secured in a
containment tank and ready to electrocute the room should
anything go wrong.  The scientist plants one seed and applies the
newly adjusted 'fertilizer'.  The newly enhanced fertilizer yields
startling results.  The creature that grows is not small like the last
one.  This one is large and very similar to the alien who's DNA
was used.  It has long tendrils for hair, green chitinous skin, yellow
eyes with black pupils, it is well muscled, and show superiors
intelligence to the previous incarnation almost immediately.

"Kakarot."  The creature says.

Then the creature begins to laugh.  The creature begins to
survey its surroundings.  Finding itself trapped it begins to tear free
the solid reinforced steel door like it was cheap plywood.  The
scientist watching has seen enough and electrocutes the creature.
Much to his surprise unlike the last one, which was fried by the
voltage, the new creature just keep going.  As the creature enters
the new room it looks around in amazement.  It sees the body
carefully preserved and the space pod.  The scientist seals the door
to the control room.  One the other side the creature walks up to
the door and inputs the six-digit code to open the door.  The
creature finds it's way to the helpless scientist.  Lifting the scientist
off the floor with one hand the creature says.

"Well you're a familiar face.  I guess you don't realize it
but you just created a son.  Congratulations it's a Saiyan, well sort
of anyway.  I guess I should show you how our families work on
Vegeta."  The creature snaps the scientist's neck with a twitch of
its fingers.  "Don't worry you've achieved something of
immortality in your son.  At least I have all you memories.  Well
now time to get to work."  The creature tosses the corpse aside.

	Weeks later from the wreckage of the research facility a
host over green creature fly out and head for the Masaki residence.

	Sasami is playing with Gohan at the Masaki residence.
Ayeka sits quietly keeping an eye on them.  Ayeka sighs and
thinks to herself.  "This is terrible.  While I'm stuck here I am sure
Ryoko is flirting with Lord Tenchi.  Oh well, nothing I can do
about that now and me being here makes Sasami happy."

Ryoko is in fact watching Tenchi as he and Vegeta train.
Vegeta and Tenchi are going threw a routine.  Washu is working in
her sound proof lab.  Mihoshi is sleeping in the sun.  Kiyone takes
the time to enjoy the opportunity to be rid of Mihoshi even if only
for a little while and is at the city .  Suddenly Ryoko, Gohan,
Vegeta, and even Ayeka sense and strange and evil power coming
towards them.

	The creature from the lab flies into view and lands in front
of Sasami and Gohan.  The creature wears a replica of Saiyan
armor and a scouter over one eye. "Well, nephew how good to see
you again.  My haven't you grown.  What don't I get a hug or
something?  Didn't you expect to see your dear uncle again?"  The
creature says.

Gohan's eyes go wide in disbelief as he gasps.  "Raditz?"

Ayeka runs in front of them and says.  "Sasami, Gohan stay
behind me.  All right whoever you are.  I don't know why you are
here, but if Gohan doesn't like you than that is good enough for
me.  Now unless you want trouble I suggest you leave."

The Raditz creature laughs.  "Why can't we ever spend
anytime together nephew without someone butting in.  Well little
girl I don't think you know what you up against.  Not that you'll
live long enough to find out."

Raditz extends a hand and a crimson bolt of energy shoot at
Ayeka.  Ayeka doesn't even flinch as her energy shield
materializes around her, Gohan and Sasami.

"Well now that is a good trick.  Lets see how good."
Raditz laughs.

More crimson energy flows from Raditz.  Ayeka shield
holds but Raditz keeps increasing the flow.  Ayeka grits her teeth
as the force of the attack pushes her back, but still she hold the
shield.  Concentrates her own power and forces the energy back at
Raditz.  Raditz bats the attack away with one hand.  Ayeka
transforms into her battle garb her Guardian like cylinders
materialize.

"Get inside this is going to get ugly."  Ayeka tells Gohan
and Sasami.  Gohan protests but Sasami pull him along.

"Oh don't go I want everyone to share in the fun."  Raditz
says and several creatures burst out of the ground surrounding
them.  These are clearly the same species as Raditz but them
appear to be copies of Napa instead of Raditz.  "Do you like them.
I grew them myself.  They're not quite as bright as the originals,
but what can I do I only had Napa to work with.  I managed to pull
some of his DNA out of a skin sample left in his pod."  The Napa
creatures let out a roar at them in unison.

	"Raditz, I always said you were of no more use then a
Saibamen.  Care to fight a real opponent or are all you good for is
scaring the little children?"  Vegeta says as he flies into the midst
of the creatures.

Vegeta powers up his blue aura glowing wildly.  Small bits
of debris fly into the air.  Tenchi, Mihoshi and Ryoko arrive on
foot drawn by the noise.

Tenchi draws the master key as he asks.  "What the heck is
that?"

Vegeta replies.  "A freak of nature.  An insult to all of
Saiyan kind."

Ryoko asks.  "So to yourself?"

Raditz find this hysterical and begins laugh out loud
uncontrollably.  When he stops he says.  "Vegeta if you only knew
what I have become.  Maybe after I've killed you I'll take you
DNA and add it to the mix."

Gohan has had enough of talking and attacks Raditz with a
shout.  One of the Napa's attacks Gohan swatting him out of the air
before he comes near Raditz.  The Napa creature kicks Gohan and
sends him flying into the air.  Vegeta charges at Raditz only to sent
flying back by Raditz counter attack.  The other Napa creatures
attack.

	Mihoshi dives through the melee and scopes up Sasami
pulling her away from the melee.  Mihoshi fire off her blaster until
it's empty by no one even notices.  As the battle gets intense and
explosions start Mihoshi and Sasami flee away from the battle to
safety.

Tenchi finds himself quickly defending for his life against
two Napas.  Though they are stronger, Tenchi is faster and with
well-trained skill he uses his sword to drive the Napa's back
keeping them on the defensive.  One of the Napa's catches
Tenchi's blade using its kai to hold the blade without actually
touching it.  Tenchi struggles with the creature as the second Napa
comes in for the kill.  Tenchi deactivates his sword leaps over the
one Napa creature and simultaneously avoiding the other's
oncoming attack.  Tenchi lands reignites his sword and slashes the
Napa creature in front of him in two.  The other Napa lunches a
series of punches that Tenchi blocks with the master key easily.
Tenchi leaps back lands on a tree behind him and leaps again at the
Napa in a triangle jump.  The move catches the Napa by surprise
and it is bisected as well.

Ryoko attacks the nearest Napa with her superior strength
and speed she easily over powers it.  However four more of the
Napa creatures converge on her and their combined strength brings
her down to the ground.  Ryoko does her best to defend herself but
with so many attackers she is quickly being beaten down.  Ryoko
teleports and the Napas look about to see were she went when her
blade explodes from one of their chests.  More cautiously now
Ryoko flies up and fires a cluster of blasts into the Napas.  The
Napas fly after her slowed but far from stopped by her attack.  She
flies back at them.  Well let's see if just how dumb these guys are."
Ryoko says.  The first Napa takes a mighty swing the passes
through Ryoko and Ryoko flies threw him.  The first struggles to
turn around as Ryoko grabs the next two Napas by the leg and
slams them into each other.  They tumble out of the sky.  The last
Napa is right on Ryoko.  She raises a hand and intense energy
builds and fires frying the Napa creature.  The one finally comes
around attacking Ryoko from behind with out turning around
Ryoko kicks it in the head sending it tumbling after its fellows.
Ryoko flies down with all speed slamming into one as it falls they
hit the ground with such force that the Napa burst into green goo.
Energy blades form in both her hands and she drives one into the
closest Napa and throws the other one hitting the creature right
between it's eyes finishing the Napa creatures off.  She says.
"Pretty dumb."

Gohan stops his uncontrolled accent only to see three
Napa's flying at him.  "You won't take me by surprise again!"  He
shouts.  Gohan charges himself with energy and smashes through
the Napa.  The other two are on him tough almost immediately
though.  Gohan is forced back by their unrelenting attacks.  Finally
Gohan catches one of the attacks arms in mid swing and counter
with such force that the arm shatter.  The Napa screams in pain.
The other one tries to deck Gohan but Gohan easily dodges.
Gohan returns the attack in kind smashing both Napas.  Gohan
flies above them and calls out "Messanko"  and fires a huge come
of energy frying both Napas.

Two Napa's beat on Ayeka's energy shield.  Ayeka charges
one her shield slamming one back with tremendous force.  "Azaka,
Kamidake take care of this thing."  Ayeka commands.

One Jurai guardians appears on each side of the fallen
Napa.  They both say together.  "Yes, Princess Ayeka."

Bolts of energy blast the Napa from both sides frying it to a
crisp.  Ayeka turns her attention to her other attacker.  She
summons her energy as shoots a beam of energy at the Napa.  The
Napa easily dodges it.  The Napa fires back an energy shot of it's
own.  Ayeka floats back out of the way but is still knocked black
by the explosion.  Ayeka concentrates and tools, rocks, and
anything else readily available as a weapon fly at Napa.  They
bounce off the creature with almost no effect.  Ayeka extends her
hands and invisible but powerful force sends Napa hurtling end
over end.  However the Napa creature manages to stop itself and
straining against the force fires several attacks against Ayeka.
Ayeka is enveloped by the attacks but her shield holds.  Ayeka's
cylinders appear around the Napa creature.  The creature struggles
but is completely unable to move.  Ayeka fires another blast at the
Napa creature.  Though the blast isn't powerful with Napa unable
to defend it rips right through him.

Raditz follows up his attacks on Vegeta.  Before the Prince
of all Saiyans can hit the ground Raditz is already attacking him.
Raditz hits Vegeta again and again.  Vegeta flies up away from
Raditz.  Raditz presses his attack again.  Energy builds in Raditz's
palm and he fires it at Vegeta.  Vegeta is hit by the attack and
shout in pain at it hit him.  Raditz flies up and crashes shoulder
first into Vegeta.  As Vegeta reels from this attack Raditz punches
him full force in the face sending Vegeta crashing face down in the
dirt.  Raditz flies down to finish Vegeta but Vegeta disappears in a
blur of motion a moment before Raditz can connect for the killing
blow.  Raditz look around unable to follow Vegeta's speed.

"What is the matter Raditz?   Am I too fast for you."
Vegeta asks.  "I admit you have improved.  You must be up to
what?  Twenty four thousand?  Twenty seven?  Turn on that
scouter and tell me what I am at."

Raditz laughs.  "Alright Vegeta what ever the Prince
wishes."  Raditz says with mock sincerity.  Raditz touches a button
on the side of the device on his head.  Alien numbers scroll across
the display.  "NO!"  Raditz says.  "No one can improve that much.
You can't be that powerful.  You can't!  Aaaah, it's…it is going
up!"  Raditz protests.  Then the devise explodes.

Vegeta smiles at him.  "You really though you could
become more powerful than me?  Fool!"

Vegeta flies at Raditz with such speed Raditz can barely
see it much less dodge it and Vegeta punches him.  The single
blow nearly takes Raditz head off.  Raditz powers up to his full
strength and desperately dodges for his life as Vegeta attack.
Although Raditz dodges ten then twenty attacks Vegeta is only
getting warmed up in is clear Raditz can keep up this pace.
Vegeta's leg lashes out suddenly taking Raditz right in the chest.
Raditz staggers back in pain.  Vegeta lunges at him again with a
blow that could have crushed Raditz's skull.  Raditz jerks his head
out of the way, but Vegeta grabs a hand full of his tendril hair.
Raditz smiles now and the tendrils grow wrapping up Vegeta's arm
and growing spikes which puncture even Vegeta's flesh.  Vegeta
pulls the tendrils out of Raditz head and Raditz screams in pain.
Raditz flies up and back away from Vegeta.  Power flows from
Vegeta's arm blowing the tendrils off his arm.   Vegeta flies up and
start to pound the life out of Raditz.  A final Napa flies out of the
trees at Vegeta.  Vegeta turn to the Napa intent of disintegrating it.
Raditz seize that moment when Vegeta turns way from him.
Raditz spits a white acid into Vegeta's face.  Vegeta howls as he
grabs his face momentarily blinded.

"Say goodbye Vegeta."  Raditz laughs and the Napa begins
glowing with energy building towards self-destruction that would
certainly kill Vegeta.  The Napa creature stops just short however,
Ayeka cylinders each have grown a tentacle like extension that
now holds the Napa creature captive.  The Napa creature screams
as it explodes harmlessly in the air.  Vegeta pull his hands away
from his still smoking face his eyes almost glow with malice and
anger.

"Goodbye."  Vegeta says ice coldly.  Then Vegeta fire an
energy beam, which blasts Raditz.  Raditz howls as the energy
consumes, vaporizing his head.

"Hah, wimp."  Vegeta says as he lands. "And I don't need
your help."  Vegeta says to everyone and glares at Ayeka.  "I could
have taken them all by myself."

Ayeka scoffs at Vegeta's boast.  "Huh, you seemed to be
having trouble with one of those creatures.  You would be no more
then burnt monkey if not for Lord Tenchi and myself (well I
suppose Ryoko and Gohan helped too)."

Vegeta yells back at her.  "Listen here that was the worst of
the lot and he just surprised me that all.  I am more powerful that a
thousand such creature."

Ayeka is still unimpressed.  "You mean more full of
yourself."

Even as Ayeka and Vegeta argue miles away and high in
the atmosphere a solitary figure watches them.  "Well, well Vegeta
has become more powerful.  It is incredible.  I don't know of any
one gaining that much power in so little time.  Then there are these
new comers.  They are a new element I had yet to learn about.
Their power is great as well.  The situation is not as I expected at
all."  Raditz concludes.  "Still time is my ally.  It will behoove me
to be patent and plan.  After all overconfidence was the death of
me."  Raditz sinkers at his own wit and flies off having seen all
there is to see.

In her lab Washu analyzes Raditz's remains in her lab.  As
the results scroll across her screen she explains to Kiyone who
watches with interest.  "Well you can report that no aliens entered
the system on your watch Kiyone.  These things came right here
from earth.  These were grown from Saibamen seeds, however the
formula used to grown them has been altered.  Normally it is a mix
of Saiyan DNA and a special chemical which jump starts their
grown and transfers the genetic data they need to grow in
Saibamen.  In this case the chemical has been altered slightly, but
more importantly both Saiyan and human DNA is present in the
chemical."

Kiyone looks puzzled.  "Washu how come these creatures
were so powerful then.  Humans are weak compared to Saiyans.
Shouldn't these be weaker than standard Saibamen?"

Washu points to several points in the gene line.  "No, not at
all.  Humans are very interesting.  Their genetic code is highly
compatible with other species.   The human genes though are over
eighty-nine percent to ninety-four percent regressive over alien
genes.  Which means that alien traits would be present many
generations later in humans maybe even indefinitely.  This right
here however is the interesting part.  This string here, this 5% of
the human genes acts as an evolutionary enhancer.  Making hybrid
humans more powerful that full blooded aliens."

Kiyone stares in wonder.  Kiyone says.  "That means that
Gohan could become more powerful then Vegeta.  And Tenchi…"

Washu nods and says.  "Yes, much more powerful."

Tenchi and Vegeta are working in the fields three weeks
later.  "Tenchi.  Vegeta." Master Katsuhito calls out.  Vegeta and
Tenchi stop work in the fields and walk over to Master Katsuhito.
Master Katsuhito continues.  "I require your assistance.  You see
there is going to be a carnival near by and we are going to be in it.
We are going to perform a play. You two are going to be the
leads."

Tenchi is excited.  "All right.  This will be exciting."

Vegeta asks.  "What does this have to do with out
training?"

Master Katsuhito gives Vegeta a dry look.  "A good student
goes not question the wisdom of his master.  However, if you must
know, your emotions can betray you.  If an enemy can read your
heart they will know your actions.  By learning to be an actor will
be a good start on this path.  Now come."

Vegeta backhands Tenchi knocking him to the ground.
Vegeta says  "Look there I have sufficient control already.  Tenchi
never saw that coming."

Master Katsuhito stands unimpressed.  Master Katsuhito
says.  "Vegeta go speak to Ryoko then see if she will take your
part."

Vegeta storms off and Master Katsuhito waits.  Three
minutes later a loud shout is heard.  Then Ryoko and Vegeta tear
through the clearing in combat.  Master Katsuhito grabs Vegeta as
he flies past interjecting himself between Ryoko and Vegeta.
Ryoko already is committed to an attack.  Tenchi closes his eyes as
Ryoko's fist streaks toward Master Katsuhito's head.  At the last
moment Master Katsuhito raises a hand blocking the blow
effortlessly.  Both Vegeta and Ryoko stair at Katsuhito.

Master Katsuhito says.  "Well Vegeta at the very least it
seams you need to work on controlling yourself."  Master
Katsuhito begins to walk away and Tenchi follows.  Vegeta and
Ryoko are both staring at her fist.

Vegeta says.  "Hit me."

Ryoko looks up.  "What?"

Vegeta says.  "Hit me like you did Katsuhito."

Ryoko shrugs and decks Vegeta.  The blow sends Vegeta
flying back from the force.  Vegeta pulls himself off the ground
and says to himself.  "How does he do that!  Him a simple human."

Ryoko call over.  "I hope that was helpful.  I can assist
again anytime."

Master Katsuhito takes them to a clearing where Washu is
putting the finishing touches on a set.

Washu waves to them and says.  "Almost finished here and
then it's all yours.  I have the special effects all rigged up."

Master Katsuhito says.  "I don't recall asking for any
'effects'."

Washu replies.  "Don't worry there all for the better."

Master Katsuhito gives Vegeta and Tenchi their scripts.
"The play is about honor, loss, and true love.  Mihoshi will be the
stage crew.  Tenchi you will be Amarant the fallen warrior.
Vegeta you will play his former friend the pure hearted Cid.
Kiyone will play the part of the queen Reina.  Ryoko will play
Cid's sister Aeris who is the ghostly narrator.  Ayeka will be Lady
Celes, whom Cid loves.  Washu will be Amarant's unknown sister
Rydia.  I will play Cid's fiend and comrade Squall.  Master
Katsuhito out lines the script.  Amarant, Cid and Squall are knights
in the Queens service.    Cid is to be married to his love Lady
Celes.  In a tragedy Queen Renia, Lady Celes, and Amarant's love
are all put in danger.  Cid saves the Queen.  Then he goes back to
save Lady Celes.  Before he can save Amarant's love however she
is killed.  Amarant blames Cid for her death and leaves Queen
Reina's service.  Amarant becomes a traitor and in an attack on the
queen wounds Squall and kills Aeris.  Queen Reina orders Cid to
find and stop Amarant.  Cid puts off his wedding to track down the
traitor.  The hunt proves to be a long one.  While he is gone Rydia
fools the royal court into thinking Cid is dead.  The queen arranges
a new marriage for Lady Celes and she is married.  Amarant
returns to the kingdom so that Cid will follow and learn of what
has happened.  Cid finally confronts Amarant in the Royal court.
Amarant surrenders, but Amarant gets the last laugh as he
introduces Cid to Lady Celes's husband and child.  Cid is crushed
all he has worked so long to defend and protect is now gone to
him.  Cid is bitterly crushed.  Cid falls into depression and hates
the Queen and Celes for what has happened.  Rydia and Amarant
have planes though.  She will poison the guards and let Amarant
loose to confront the Royal court and finish his revenge.  As a final
act of spite he sends a note to Cid telling him at the last moment of
his plan.  Cid is torn between duty, love, and the pain of his loss.
Cid goes to the Royal court for a final confrontation between him
and Amarant.  Cid defeats Amarant and kills him.  Rydia unaware
of his defeat carries out her part of the plan.  Cid stops her only to
take a poison dart meant for Lady Celes's husband.  As Cid is
dying he wishes Celes a good life and tells her now as always so
long as she lives happily he will be happy and such is true love.

The girls are all crying as Katsuhito finishes the script.
Even Tenchi is moved by the story.  Vegeta stands leaning on the
wall with his arms crossed.

Vegeta says.  "What a pathetic loser.  Cid is a weakling
who lets people walk all over him."

The girls give Vegeta angry stairs.  Mihoshi between tears
says.  "Don't you have any feelings Vegeta?  You're so cold and
heartless.  Cid truly loves Celes and that is why he does what he
does."

Ryoko says.  "Katsuhito are you sure you have the right
people for the right rolls?"

Katsuhito calmly replies.  "Yes.  I am quite sure."

They each read over their parts and the next few days they
begin to rehearse.  Tenchi reads from the script.  "Cid you're a
fool.  Squall couldn't stop me and neither shall you.  I will take
revenge."

Katsuhito shakes his head and says. "Tenchi put some
felling into it.  These are the people who you feel killed your one
true love.  They have robed you of everything you hold dear."

Ryoko takes the script and says.  "Like this 'Cid you are a
fool!  Squall couldn't stop me and neither shall you.  I WILL take
revenge!'  See?   Just think of what Vegeta would say."

Vegeta narrows his eyes and says.  "If I wanted to toy with
Cid's mind I would crack open his skull and ripe lose his brain.
Not waste years running around the country side taunting Cid."

Washu notes.  "Subtle as always.  By the way how are you
doing with you lines?"

Vegeta answers evenly.  "I will be ready when the time
comes."

Washu says.  "How reassuring."

Though Washu and Kiyone have little trouble with their
parts.  Tenchi and Vegeta clearly are going to take a lot of work.
Ayeka has not trouble with her roll but cannot bring herself to do
the part with Vegeta.  Ryoko is good at her part but constantly
wandering away from rehearsal.

Katsuhito thinks to himself.  "This will take a while."

Ayeka and Vegeta rehearse alone in the morning.  Vegeta
is trying his lines again.  "Celes I will return to you.  I love you.
When Amarant is stopped and the Queen safe we will be married
and begin our life together."

Vegeta delivers the lines badly with some forced emotion
but it comes out almost as a growl.  Ayeka almost manages to keep
from wincing as they kiss.

Washu says.  "Oh for crying out loud.  You might as well
have her have her kiss a hunk of dead cow for all the emotion you
two have.  That's it I am taking brake I'll be back later."  Washu
walk off the set towards the house.

Ayeka says.  "I am trying my best, but Vegeta is…is…just
so repulsive.  He is practically emotionally dead and he can't even
act."

Vegeta yells back.  "I am a warrior not some pansy
thespian.  What do you want."

Ayeka shouts back.  "How about progress for one.  You are
worse today then when we started.  I will not go on stage with you
and be embarrassed."

"Well what do you want?"  Vegeta growls back.

Ayeka asks.  "Haven't you ever known the pain of loss to
have someone you cared about taken away from you."

Vegeta laughs.  "No.  A Saiyan warrior has no time for
such rubbish."

Ayeka says.  "That can't be true.  That's horrible."

Vegeta says.  "What would you know?"

Ayeka challenges him.  "Alright if that is true I'll talk to
Katsuhito and end this play, but if I am right then we will do this
play my way, rehearse when I say until I say that it's good
enough."

Vegeta says.  "Agreed."

Ayeka reaches out with her Jurai power to Vegeta.  Ayeka
only means to find in his mind weather Vegeta was lying or not,
but Ayeka has not used these powers very often and has very little
control.   She digs through Vegeta's sorting through till she finds
one single memory buried deep with in Vegeta all but forgotten,
the only one of loss.  Her power raging beyond her control the
memory explodes open and Vegeta and Ayeka both experience it
as though for the first time.

Vegeta stands next to his father his mother is locked in
mortal combat with an alien creature.  This had been a hard planet
to take.  The aliens were strong very strong.  That is why King
Vegeta had chosen to come here.  This was a job Freeza's goons
wouldn't take, but the Saiyans would King Vegeta would make
sure of it.  Vegeta watches and his mother begins to lose.  The
battle is fierce and in the end his mother defeats the creature but
her whole lower body is a mangled wreak.  King Vegeta walks
over to his wife.  She knows what is coming and doesn't protest.
She looks at Vegeta one last time and then King Vegeta vaporizes
her.  That is the Saiyan way, and it was a death worthy of a Saiyan.
She had never been kind or gentle.  She had never said she loved
him.  Vegeta knew however his mother had cared for him.  She
had trained Vegeta hard, brutally preparing Vegeta for Saiyan life.
She had beaten him into fighting form until his power had
exceeded her own.  She had drilled him in tactics, psychological
war fair, dirty fighting tricks and everything else she knew.  She
had early on exposed Vegeta to the harsh truths of life and never
gave him any false delusions of the universe.  Though she never
said a kind word to Vegeta he knew she was doing the only thing
she knew teaching him to be a true Saiyan.  Though that day
Vegeta looked on in starch silence, that night Vegeta cried bitter
tears for the first and last time in his life.

Vegeta stands for a moment shocked as the memory
washes over him.  Ayeka too is stunned by the intensity of the
memory.

Ayeka whispers.  "I…I am sorry Vegeta.  I didn't mean
to…I didn't realize…"

Ayeka looks as Vegeta sheds a single tear.  Another would
have followed but Vegeta snaps of out the trance like state.  He
straitens blinks a few times to clear his eyes and the tear evaporates
in a hiss of steam off his cheek.

Vegeta says gruffly.  "That doesn't matter.  You won the
beat now lets finish the practice your way so I can be done with it."

Ayeka can only stare at Vegeta still emotionally drained
from what just happened and reeling from the sensations.  She
inwardly wonders what sort of man Vegeta is.  Ayeka reminds her
self that the Jurai are strong to and she wills her self to pull it
together.

She says.  "Alright Vegeta lets get started.  Now in this
scene…"  And they rehearse for several more hours.

True to his word Vegeta rehearses with Ayeka.  Ayeka and
Vegeta spend many long days rehearsing long after the others are
exhausted and have called it quits.  Though the progress is like
pulling teeth Vegeta finally improves.  The day of the play finally
comes and Vegeta is ready for it.  The play goes over
tremendously well.  The crowd gives thunderous applause.  After
the play everyone goes out to a cast party.  As usual Ryoko goes a
bit over board on the saki and the party becomes a little loud.
Vegeta find himself more bothered than usual everything and so
after eating something he slips out the back.

Vegeta walks out into the night and looks up at the stars.
Vegeta thinks to himself every other time he looked at the stars it
was different.  Whenever looked at the stars he saw a potential
conquest, jobs to be done, and an empire he would one day rule.
Today the night sky looked peaceful and tranquil.  For the first
time he saw stars.

A high-pitched voice breaks the solitude.  "Vegeta what are
you doing out here?"

Vegeta turns around scowling as Sasami stares at him.
Vegeta reprimands himself what foolishness that had been.  Those
stars are not peaceful and tranquil, somewhere there were people
dieing.  Many of those stars had planet that had been wiped out
more than a few of those Vegeta had a hand in himself.  Soon he
would be back out there and he would take those very stars by
force, piece by bloody piece.

Vegeta says.  "Just considering the future Sasami."

Sasami looks at Vegeta.  "Which one is your star?"

Vegeta asks.  "What do you mean?"

Sasami smiles.  "Your home, the star you come from.  See
mine is that one, I asked Washu and she told me so."

Vegeta looks at the indicated star for a moment then says.
"Mine is there but it's not my home any more, my planet is gone,
destroyed."

Sasami looks shocked.  "That is terrible.  Do you miss it?"

Vegeta considers he never though about it after it's
destruction.  Vegeta answers.  "No.  No I don't miss it."

Sasami says.  "I am sorry.  Well you can come to Jurai
sometime if you want."

Vegeta says.  "I don't think your parents would be happy to
see me.  Most people are afraid of Saiyans with good reason."

Sasami says.  "I know I was kind of scared by you at first
but now I know you and you're a good person, and as the princess
you can be my guest and they would have to let you come."

Vegeta smiles to himself unable to believe how naïve
Sasami is.  Vegeta asks.  "What makes you think I am good
person?"

Sasami says.  "Grandfather, (well he is really Tenchi's
grandfather) Master Katsuhito says you are a good student with
much potential except you question him too much, and Tenchi
wouldn't let you stay if you weren't.  Do you have any games on
your planet."

Vegeta says.  "No.  Don't you want to go back to the
party?"

Sasami shakes her head.  "No their all drinking saki and it's
a little loud I like it out here.  What do you do then on your
planet?"

Vegeta says.  "We train very hard.  All Saiyans are warriors
from the time of their births.  We know our destiny is to fight.  So
we train to make ourselves the strongest in the Universe."

Sasami says.  "Gohan is a Saiyan and he isn't a warrior
he's a lab assistant."

Vegeta says.  "He is only half Saiyan and his father was
weak and soft so he is too."

Sasami asks.  "Why is that a bad thing?"

Vegeta says.  "Because he is weak and some day someone
stronger then him will come and destroy him.  That is the way of
things.  Why don't you talk to your sister."

Vegeta notices that at the mention of Ayeka he struck some
sort of cord in Sasami.  Vegeta narrows his eyes. Vegeta looks at
Sasami.  He looks into her eyes.  "You have a secret that you can't
tell your sister."  He says, he knew he was right Katsuhito's
training paid off, last month he would have been totally oblivious.

Sasami looks shocked.  Sasami gasps.  "You can tell!?!"

Sasami begins to cry.  Vegeta wishes he wouldn't have said
anything but too late.

Sasami sobs.  "I just can't tell her.  I love her and I don't
know what she would think of me."

Vegeta says.  "What do you mean your not making any
sense."

Sasami holds he breath until she can talk then says.  "I'm
not the real Sasami."

Vegeta exclaims.  "What?!?"

Sasami sobs.  "The real Sasami is dead.  She died on planet
Jurai.  When she was just a little kid.  She was playing in the
palace.  Ryoko attacked the palace and in the confusion she got
lost.  An explosion rocked the castle knocking her off a walkway.
She fell to her death.  Tsunami saw her die and made me to take
her place."

Vegeta scoffs.  "Don't be foolish.  I've no time to waste on
your little games Sasami."

Sasami says.  "But it's true!!!  Here, come look I can
prove."

Vegeta says.  "Go away."

Sasami asks.  "Please Vegeta, I can't tell them and now you
know and you don't believe me.  I just have to tell someone.  Oh I
swear if I am lying I will never bother you again.  Please!
Please…"

Vegeta finally says.  "Alright!  All right!  Stop crying it's
disgusting.  I'll go, but after this you have to promise to go away."

Sasami quickly agrees.  "Oh yes Vegeta.  Just please come
on!"

Vegeta is already mentally reprimanding himself for this
but follows Sasami as she takes his hand.    Sasami takes Vegeta to
the tree of Misaki shrine.  She walks to the water around the tree.

"Well let's see whatever we are here for."  Vegeta
demands.

Sasami walks to the very edge of the water.  "Here come
see."  She says.

Vegeta walks to see and gazes upon his reflection.  Much to
his surprise the reflection next to him is not Sasami's but a
beautiful Jurai woman.  Vegeta gasps.  "What?"

Sasami explains.  "See that is Tsunami, I am just some
creation of hers."

She begins to cry a bit again.  Vegeta looks in aw for a
moment as his mind processes the information.  Then he notices
Sasami looking at him still crying.  Vegeta doesn't understand why
but for some reason he feels for her.  Vegeta is unsure what to say
to Sasami.  Kindness and tenderness are almost alien to him.  So he
says the only thing he can.  "It's…Okay Sasami.  I don't care who
you are I…like you, even if you are not Sasami…and I am sure the
others do too.  So…"

But he is cut off as Sasami hugs him.  She clings tightly to
his waste.  "Oh thank you Vegeta.  That is so kind of you.  I just
couldn't tell Ayeka.  I couldn't take it if she…she didn't love me."

Vegeta is confused.  For the first time in a long while
Vegeta doesn't know what to do.  Vegeta would like nothing more
then to shove off Sasami and forget about her problem yet
something in Vegeta keeps him rooted in place and moved him.
Vegeta puts a hand on Sasami's shoulders.

For a long while they just sit together and look up at the
night sky not saying anything until Sasami falls asleep. Vegeta
begins to think.  He knows he has changed.  He questions why.
"What is it about these people?"  Ayeka, Washu, Sasami, Kiyone,
Mihoshi, Ryoko; some how they cut through the scared mass that
is Vegeta's soul.  Vegeta considers.  "The day will come when I
leave and return to crush the stars under my heel.  I have been here
for over a year.  Nothing has changed, and yet then why the hell
am I out here with this little girl.  I am Vegeta one of the strong,
the ruthless, the killers.  I am a Saiyan warrior of unprecedented
might.  Am I becoming weak?  Am I loosing my razor edge?  A
warrior must be tempered steel both in and out."

Vegeta is about to stand shrug off the sleeping Sasami
when some one speaks out in the night.  "Please Vegeta don't go."

	Vegeta senses unparalleled power both alien and intense.
Vegeta is almost overwhelmed by the presence he feels.  He looks
up and sees Tsunami floating over the water near the tree of Misaki
shrine.   She moves  to stands in front of Vegeta.  Tsunami says.
"Please Vegeta wait.  I can sense your turmoil.  Ayeka just stirred
up a part of you that you've hidden from yourself for a long time."

Vegeta scowls back.  "That doesn't matter.  I will get along
just fine.  What do you want?"

Tsunami sits next to Vegeta.  "I need you help.  Sasami
admires you Vegeta.  She sees only your strong spirit and
determination.  Please I beg of you help her talk to her sister.  She
won't tell anyone else.  You can help her."

Vegeta scoffs at Tsunami.  "Concerned for your puppet are
you?"

Tsunami says.  "Sasami is no puppet.  She doesn't
understand what happened that day long ago.  She was dieing, yes,
but she didn't die.  I joined with her to save her and though she and
I exist separately now, we shall grow into one.  Sasami doesn't
understand and she is afraid of what the others might think.
She…"

Vegeta interrupts.  "What? You mean that Sasami will
become you."

Tsunami says.  "Yes, in fact this form you see is how she
will look when Sasami finally grows up.  We will be one."

   Vegeta clenches his fists as he processes this new
information.  Vegeta thinks to himself.  "She...She will become
Tsunami.  That was what Kagato was after, the ultimate power."
Vegeta looks again at Tsunami.  From what he feels he has no
doubt as to her power.  "Kagato was right."  Vegeta concludes.
"Fate is mocking me.  This little girl will become the ultimate
power in the Universe.  My power is as nothing and will never be
anything when compared to Tsunami, and she is just sitting here."

Tsunami asks Vegeta.  "Please Vegeta help Sasami."

Vegeta stands placing Sasami on the ground.  Vegeta
finally speaks.  "No.  No!  To hell with you and to hell with
Sasami!"  Vegeta can barely contain his fury.  All his training all
his power and nothing can rival this.  The Jurai would be able to
destroy him in an instant when Sasami gains Tsunami's power.  He
looks down on Sasami.  Vegeta considers.  "I can still end it all.  I
can put an end to Tsunami the Jurai power right now."  For a long
moment Vegeta stairs at Sasami.

Tsunami asks. "Vegeta, what…?"

Vegeta doesn't answer.  Vegeta turns away and flies off
into the night sky without another word.

	Ayeka comes looking for Sasami shortly there after.  She
finds he sleeping sister lying right where Vegeta left her.  Ayeka
picks up her sister and begins to carry her home.  Sasami wakes up
half way.

Sasami says.  "Ayeka?"

Ayeka answers.  "Yes Sasami what is it."

Sasami looks into her sister's face for a moment then says.
"Ayeka I…I…I love you so much."

Ayeka smiles.  "I love you too Sasami.  But please don't
run off like that I was worried about you.  What made you leave
like that"

Sasami hugs closer to Ayeka.  "Nothing I just came out for
some fresh air and I got lost."  Then she drifts back to sleep quietly
thinking to herself about her 'hero' Vegeta.

Nether Sasami or Vegeta speak of that night to anyone.
The next evening at dinner Washu announces she has finished her
analysis of the Dragonballs.  Washu explains how she, by exposing
the Dragonballs to kia energy, got them to respond.  She could not
generate enough Kai to reenergizes the balls even for a short
period.  However it did allow her to analyze their energy and
search for a match.  The analysis turn up a match on a small burnt
out world called Namek.  Vegeta nearly gags on his food and
excuses himself.  Vegeta walks deep into the night.

"The legendary ball of Namek.  Of course that green guy
was a Namek.  In all the confusion I never connected the two.
Now I must get to Namek, without anyone else who might
interfere with my wish.  But how to get off this miserable little
planet?"  Vegeta thinks to himself.

Vegeta is interrupted by a small red robot with approaches
him form out of the gloom.  Vegeta turns to it.  "What the hell is
this one of Washu's experiments again.  If it is I'll take it back to
her in pieces."

The robot says.  "Funny you should mention Washu."

  Suddenly transparent goo springs forth from the ground
around Vegeta.  Vegeta stains against it but to no avail.  The goo
quickly covers Vegeta completely.  Vegeta is shocked, as the robot
seems to melt into an exact copy of himself.  Vegeta fires a blast
against the goo bust the energy is reflected back burning Vegeta's
hand.  The copy Vegeta walks over to Vegeta.

It announces.  "I'll just be taking you body, your memories,
in fact everything you are is a part of me now."

A giant statue like object in the form of a beautiful woman
materializes in the sky.  A deep voice booms addressing the robot.
'Zero I cannot stay long are you ready."

Zero says.  "Yes Dr. Clay."  The voice booms again.
"Then go get Washu and return her to me."

Vegeta strains against the goo and manages to stand.
Vegeta says.  "You're not going anywhere."

Vegeta concentrates and energy pours off him in every
direction.  The goo tries to reflect the energy back at him but
Vegeta continues increasing his output holding the energy back
and forcing the goo out.  The goo becomes an ever-expanding
bubble as Vegeta continues to power up.

The voice of Dr. Clay cries out.  "Stop, the reactor won't
hold if this keeps up."

Zero says.  "Theirs nothing we can do."

The sphere finally stops expanding Vegeta trembles as he
tries to take his energy even higher, but the Saiyan Prince has
reached his max and the energy crashes back into him.  Vegeta
howls as the energy washes over him burning him and shredding
his clothing.  Vegeta staggers for a moment then collapses.  Even
horribly burn and battered by his own attack.  Vegeta struggles in
vain to rise again.

Dr. Clay says.  "Incredible he is even stronger that before
and still fighting.  This one is amazing."

Zero adds.  "According to Vegeta's memories he is the last
Saiyan left alive."

Dr. Clay says.  "I'll bring him on board he could be very
helpful to me when I rule a whole galaxy."

Vegeta is still resisting as best he can injured as he is as Dr.
Clay's ship transports him aboard.

Dr. Clay says.  "I can't stay any longer or Washu will
detect me. Go get Washu."

Zero says.  "Yes, Dr. Clay."

Dr. Clay's ship disappears just as it came.  Zero hesitates a
moment before it heads off to start it's mission.  For some reason
the order rankles.  Zero shrugs it off; a new host always has
moments of difficulty till Zero could master the new persona.  Zero
speeds along to back to the house.

Zero arrives at the house quickly.  Zero makes his way
immediately to the lab.  Zero tries to open the door to no avail.
Zero bangs on the door and shouts.  "Washu!!!  I need to speak
with you.  Washu!  Let me in."


Tenchi comes over and says.  "Sorry Vegeta but Washu has
sealed herself in her lab.  She said she would be in there until she
finishes every thing she needs to for the trip to Namek.  She said
anyone who wants to could come along.  So far where all planning
on going it will be like a summer holiday.  She said the trip won't
take more then two months max so I can get back in time for
school.  I guess you'll just have to wait for more training
equipment."

Zero growls.  "That is not acceptable I need to see her right
away."

Tenchi says.  "Well good luck I don't see how you can
make her get out of there any sooner."

At length Zero does indeed give up.  Zero sulks about the
whole thing.  "One of the problems with being Vegeta," Zero
reflects. "is that he is so dammed moody.  Fortunately when he
isn't mad Vegeta is very patent and it looks like this mission is
going to take a lot of patents.  I just need to keep cool and wait it
out."

Zero goes up to Vegeta's room and plans.  "I need to be by
that door when Washu opens it, but Vegeta is not one to hang
about idly and I have to keep up with Vegeta's training under
Katsuhito.  This may be more difficult the I thought."

There is a knock on the door.  Zero shouts.  "What?"  The
door opens and Sasami slips in.  Zero says.  "Oh its you.  What do
you want."

Sasami comes and sits on the bed next to Zero.  She says.
"I made this for you."  She gives Vegeta a paper crane.  Sasami
continue.  "I know it's not much but I don't have any Earth money
and I wanted to give you something."

Zero takes the crane and looks at it.  "It's nice."  Zero says
unenthusiastically.

Sasami asks.  "You don't ever seem to doubt yourself
Vegeta.  How came you be so sure you're right all the time."

Zero says.  "Doubts are for the cowardly who always want
to turn back, a true warrior is capable and strong enough that they
don't have to doubt themselves."

Sasami says.  "Oh.  Why do you want to be a warrior.  You
have always been one, haven't you ever though of something else."

Zero says.  "The will to fight is in a Saiyan's blood.  I was
born a price and as one I am destined to rule.  If I am to rule I must
be the strongest."  Sasami notices a change in 'Vegeta' as he says
the words.  It's as though he really only just understood what he
said.

Sasami is quiet for a moment then says.  "Vegeta do
you…"

Zero cuts Sasami off.  "Sasami I don't have time for you
now go away."

Sasami protests.  "But Vegeta…"

Zero shouts.  "GO AWAY!"  Zero proceeds to shove
Sasami out of Vegeta's room.  Zero reflects on things in Vegeta's
room.  "The anger was so intense, Vegeta really hates Tsunami, yet
Sasami seems to be a different case, he tolerates her.  I must learn
to master these feelings."

Zero rests for the evening.  In the morning Zero is up early
to check on the progress of Washu.  Much to his dismay she is still
locked in her lab.  Zero is quick to get the days chores out of the
way.  However Zero knows that training cannot be rushed.  Zero
knows first hand Vegeta would never rush training.  Zero trains
hard, very hard under Katsuhito to keep up the façade.  But in the
evening Zero finds the others intolerable.  Zero has to constantly
calm itself.  Zero finds Washu's Dragonstressball an invaluable
asset in controlling itself.

The game goes on for over a week until finally Zero returns
one day to find Washu administering physical scans of everyone
for the up coming trip to Namek.  Zero rages inwardly.  "Finally
Washu is out and now there are two many people about."  Zero
stay away from the group and lays plans.

That night Washu is working in her lab.  Zero enters
quietly.  Washu is typing away at her computer.  Zero approaches
behind Washu.  Zero mutters to itself.  "Now to end this."  Zero
grabs Washu from behind.  Washu struggles a moment then with a
well placed, but suitably gentle shot from Zero is rendered
unconscious.  Zero hefts Washu over it's shoulder and turns to
leave the lab.

Suddenly the lab blares with light and sound.  Zero lurches
back and the Washu Zero is holding explodes into thousands of
metal strips.  The wrap around Zero and seal themselves together
holding Zero captive.  Washu and Gohan materialize in the room.

Washu laughs.  "You see Gohan I told you we could get
him."

Gohan says.  "That was great Miss. Washu."

Washu says.  "How many times have I told you call me Lil'
Washu."  Washu walks over to Zero.  "Well now did you really
think you were better then the greatest scientist in the Universe?"

Gohan adds.  "And her lab assistant."

Zero growls.  "How…"

Washu finishes.  "Did I know about you?  My inventions
have been scanning for all sorts of energy to find the Dragonballs.
I was still gathering some data when Vegeta when out.  When you
captured Vegeta and he resisted.  It was like sending up a flair.
>From their it took only moments to look into the matter.  I knew
what you were since the moment you got here."

Zero asks.  "And it took you a week to come up with this
plan?"

Washu says annoyed.  "No of course not I just wanted to
finish my work first."

Zero smiles.  "Well you should have given this trap a little
more thought.  You see I am better then this."

Energy streams from Zero and it reverses the process that
sealed the bans together.  Zero quickly frees itself and grabs
Washu.  Zero tears out of the lab knocking Gohan aside.

Zero laughs.  "I am smarter then that.  It's child's play to
defeat your little trap."  Zero stops as it notices that it is not Washu
in its grasp but a Washu doll.  Zero shouts.  "What?"

Washu sits on a rafter above Zero.  Washu call out.  "Oh
your just great, you got the doll on the first try."

Zero shout back.  "Well see how smug you are when I'm
done."  Zero moves in a blur grabbing Washu.  Zero says.  "Hah,
now where's all that planning."

Washu calls from behind Zero.  "Well I really didn't think
about it too much after all if you're like Vegeta how smart can you
be?"

Zero turn about to see Washu on the stairs laughing at him.
Zero is almost totally over come with anger.  Zero thinks at the last
moment.  "If Washu is over their who am I holding?"  Zero turns
back to see Ryoko in his grasp just as she decks Zero.  Ryoko
teleports behind Zero and grabs him from behind.

Washu says.  "Good work Ryoko, you make your mother
so proud."

Zero struggles but Ryoko has him in a good lock.  Zero
knows from Vegeta's experience that Washu is not to be
underestimated and that with Ryoko holding him it will be child's
play for her to defeat him.  Zero opens his palms to the wall of
Tenchi's room and lets loose with all his power.  Ryoko lets Zero
go and Teleports into Tenchi's room.  Ryoko grabs Tenchi and
shields him with herself.  Ryoko takes Zero's attack in full Ryoko
screams at she is blasted.  Ryoko staggers forward after the attack
is over.  She is totally unprepared as Zero follows up its attack.
Zero takes full advantage of its element of surprise and brutally
beats Ryoko.  The throws he with all it's might out the window.

Zero thrill with excitement as it flies back after Washu.
Once again Zero comes up with only a doll.  Zero growls but
doesn't let itself be distracted by it's frustration.  Zero moves out
of the way just as some sort of energy sphere materializes around
the doll.

Azaka and Kamidake appear and say.  "You are ordered to
stop."

Zero wastes no time blasting them.  Even as they are taken
care of Zero is considers.  "If the guardians are here Ayeka will
undoubtedly join the fight soon too.  I have gotten this far with the
element of surprise on my side.  However, Ayeka stopped even
Ryoko with that little cylinder trick of hers.  It might not stop me,
but just like Ryoko it doesn't have to stop me just slow me down.
Ryoko is far from defeated and the others will be on their way.
Time for a new tactic."  Zero flies up through the ceiling.

Washu says.  "What?"  But if becomes clear what Zero
intends as Zero tears thought the roof holding Mihoshi and Kiyone
by the neck one in each hand.

Zero yells.  "You know this scenario.  I'll be waiting.  Dr.
Clay I am ready for extraction."  Energy swirls around Zero for a
moment, and then Zero, Mihoshi and Kiyone vanish.

On Dr. Clay's ship Kiyone and Mihoshi are put into small
holding containers next to Vegeta.  Vegeta is bound in a skintight
substance keeping him from even twitching.

They all watch as Dr. Clay speaks to Zero.  "What is the
meaning of this Zero one week and you bring me these two.  What
about Washu?"

Zero smiles as it tells the doctor.  "Oh don't worry they'll
come.  They'll all come.  However doctor we would do well to
prepare for them.  Each one of them is quite formidable and
together they could overwhelm us if we are not cautions."

Dr. Clay considers Zero's words then says.  "Right no
sense in taking chances.  We'd best make plans at once.  Washu
will doubtable waste no time in getting here."

After Dr. Clay leaves Zero stands a moment in the room
alone.  Zero turns to Vegeta and flashes a condescending smile.
Vegeta trembles with furry in his small prison.  Then Zero,
enjoying every moment of Vegeta's reaction, leaves too.  Vegeta
screams in his prison but it does no good, no one can even hear
him.

Gohan, Ayeka, Ryoko, and Tenchi all fly Ryo'Ohki into
space dressed for battle.  Ryoko complains.  "I don't see why we
have to rescue them."

Tenchi scolds.  "Ryoko."

Ryoko says.  "May be it's just me but I don't think were
really going to miss Mihoshi, Kiyone and old bush head.  I mean I
am happy to help with the rescue and all, but lets think this
through."

Tenchi says.  "We're sure we want to rescue them Ryoko."

Ryoko says.  "Alright by next time that surly midget
decides to blow something up don't come crying to me about it."

Gohan acts as a compass homing in on Vegeta and Zero's
energy to find Dr. Clay's ship.  When they arrive Ryo'Ohki
transmits them all one the surface of the ship.

Tenchi can't help but marvel.  "Wow, air even just on the
surface of the ship."
Ryoko says.  "Ah Tenchi after your in space for a little
while these things sort of lost their wonder."

Tenchi says.  "Everyone look for a way in."

Gohan asks.  "Like what?"

Ryoko answers.  "Like this."  She extends one hand and
blows a hole in the ships hull.  Ryoko continues.  "There see
problem solved."  Everyone enters the ship.

In the bridge of the ship Dr. Clay grumbles.  "Where is
Zero.  Intruders are on board and Zero disappears.  Well it will
take then hours to get to here.   One of my taps will stop them.
But that doesn't solve the larger problem, where is Washu?"

Zero says.  "I wouldn't worry about that doctor."

Dr. Clay turns about to see Zero still as Vegeta.  Dr. Clay
demands.  "Where have you been.  Oh never mind that I'll deal
with you later, what about Washu now."

Washu walks out of the gloom.  Washu says.  "What Zero
means to say is I already found you."

Dr. Clay looks incredulously from Zero to Washu.  The
barks.  "Well don't just stand there get her."

Dr. Clay already turned his back to them when he hears
Zero say.  "No."

Dr. Clay slowly turn back to look at Zero.  "What did you
say?"  He asks in disbelief.  "You can't say no to me."

Washu say.  "Looks like he just did.  Good for you Zero."
Washu takes a step toward Dr. Clay.  "Well want to know how I
new you were in the head it's simple really you see…"

Zero in a single smooth motion tears free Dr. Clay's chair
on the bridge and throws it.  It embeds itself into the wall just
millimeters in front of Washu knocking her off her feet.  The same
goo that held Vegeta captive quickly ensnares Washu.

Zero snaps.  "You're not doing anything.  I won't be
defeated so easily again.  I've seen your little tricks and I am ready
for them.  I am taking charge here."

Dr. Clay says.  "Zero you can't be serious your
programmed to serve me.  I am your master you will obey me."

Zero snaps back.  "Vegeta serves no one."  Zero turn to
Vegeta.  "I am going to take my place as ruler of this universe.  I
am not soft and weak like you have become.  Your pitiful!"  Zero
walks over to the control panel and works the controls.  "I am
separating the ship.  In a few minutes the other half of the ship will
self-destruct.  I am going to rule.  Unlike you I won't let myself be
stopped.  You and your foolish training.  You should have been
grinding stars beneath you heel rather then playing with wooden
swords.  I am going to kill all of you.  "

Dr. Clay has heard enough.  He reaches for his ring with his
signet on it.  Dr. Clay thinks to himself.  "One twist of this and
your finished Zero."  With out looking up Zero's arm snaps out
with one finger extended.  A pencil thin energy beam vaporizes the
ring and tears off Dr. Clay's finger.  Dr. Clay screams and grabs
his mutilated hand.

Zero continues.  "Then I am going to go back to earth and
kill Tsunami.  Something you were too weak to do.  I will not let
such foolishness stand in my way.   I will become the most
powerful being alive and rule absolute.   I am the true Prince of all
Saiyans."

In his glass prison Vegeta can't take any more.  Vegeta's
rage builds.  His Saiyan blood boils.  In an act of supreme will
Vegeta stand bursting free of his skintight restraint.  Vegeta
screams.  "NO-YOU-WILL-NOT!!!!!!!!!!!"

Zero stairs in stunned disbelief.  Vegeta tears out of the
prison and slams into Zero.  The blow sends Zero tearing through
the floor and into the depths of the ship.  Dr. Clay is already in full
flight away.  Vegeta pause if only a moment.  Turn and fire three
very precise shots freeing Kiyone, Washu, and Mihoshi.  In that
moment Zero flies back up and attacks.  Zero slams into Vegeta
ramming him through the several floors of the ship until they reach
a large open aria in the ship.  Vegeta kicks Zero off and they
square off.

Vegeta tells Zero.  "You fool, you are nothing but a
soulless construct you could never be a Saiyan!"

Zero retorts.  "I am more a Saiyan then you'll ever be."

Zero attacks Vegeta.  They lock arms in a contest of
strength.  Vegeta head butts Zero driving him back.  Vegeta slams
Zero with both fists.  Zero reels back and Vegeta attacks again.
Zero catches Vegeta's punch and flips Vegeta sending him
spinning into a wall.  Zero fires a kia blast at Vegeta.  Vegeta flies
out of the way and the explosion rocks the ship.  Zero fires again.
Vegeta knocks the attack aside and counters with one of his own.
Zero evades the attack in a blur.  Vegeta reaches out with his
senses honed by Katsuhito's training.  When Zero reappears
Vegeta is right their waiting.  Vegeta punches Zero hard and Zero
staggers back.  Vegeta presses his attack and Zero is forced back.
Zero finally recovers and raises one hand palm and blast at Vegeta
point blank.  To Vegeta jerks his head aside narrowly evading the
lethal attack.  Vegeta kicks Zero viciously snapping Zero's head
back.  Zero uppercuts Vegeta forcing back.  Vegeta and Zero back
off for a moment each assessing the other.

Vegeta says.  "You dare to think yourself a Saiyan.  You
will die a slow and painful death for your folly."

Zero retorts.  "I am every thing you are and more.  I am the
ultimate warrior.  Now taste the true power of Vegeta!"

Vegeta says.  "Feel my wrath!"

Kiyone and Mihoshi free them selves from their shattered
prisons.  Kiyone grabs Washu and says.  "We have to go, Vegeta
and Zero may well devastate this whole ship.  If we don't leave
they'll kill us in the crossfire."

Washu says.  "I can't stop the self destruct on the other
half.  All this equipment is smashed."  From below them light flash
and explosions roar.

Mihoshi says.  "Let just get out of here."

Zero and Vegeta both build energy toward catastrophic
attacks.  Zero attacks first.  Zero pulls his hands back behind his
head then brings the forward aiming at Vegeta screaming "Gallet
Gun!" and the attack roars at Vegeta.  Vegeta pulls his arms back
at his side energy building in his clenched fists the he brings them
up both palms perfectly vertically facing Zero, Vegeta screams
"Phoenix Flash."  Zero is stunned as the new technique easily over
powers his Gallet Gun.  Zero manages to defend itself in an energy
shield that keeps it from being vaporized by the blast by after Zero
hangs in the air spent.  Vegeta Charges at Zero and viciously
strikes it sending Zero tumbling through the air.  Vegeta fires five
energy attacks at Zero.  They tear right through Zero.  Zero looks
down at the gaping holes in his chest unable to believe it then
collapses to the ground.

Vegeta flies to the ground and walks over to Zero.  "Well
now see what a little training can achieve.  I had plenty of time to
think about that technique while you left me here.  Die creature.
There can be only one ruler of the universe and it won't be you."

Vegeta starts his technique.  "Phoenix…"  But Zero in a
sudden burst of speed grabs Vegeta.  Zero's fingers latch into
Vegeta's chest though flesh and bone.  The wounds Zero received
from Vegeta are sealing them selves filling with red morphic metal
then returning to their normal flesh state.

Zero screams.  "Vegeta will not be defeated."

Light pulses through both Vegeta and Zero energy building
catastrophically.  Vegeta finishes his attack.  "…Flash."  The
energy wave crashes into Zero disintegrating it.  Vegeta reels back
and screams.  The monstrous cry resounds through the ship.

Outside Washu, Kiyone, and Mihoshi all board Ryo'Ohki.
Washu quickly takes control.  "Quickly come about and head back
to…"

Kiyone says.  "Too late."

The three look in horror as the latter half of Dr. Clays ship
implodes in on itself collapsing into a black hole.  Mihoshi cries
while Washu and Kiyone look on in horror.

"No."  Washu whispers.

Then they spot something.  Light Hawk Wings open a tear
free of the black hole.  Washu zooms the screen in on it.  Tenchi
stands in the middle of the three Light Hawk Wings fling with  and
unconscious Ayeka, Ryoko, and Gohan in tow.  Tenchi is clearly
staining however.

Washu says.  "Tenchi!  Quickly Ryo'Ohki bring them on
board."  Ryo'Ohki flies over and pull the four aboard.

Kiyone asks.  "What about Vegeta?"

Dr. Clay makes his way towards his escape vessel.  He
hurries through debris as the ship rocks and explosions sound from
somewhere too close for Dr. Clay's liking.

Dr. Clay finally spots his escape vessel.  "At last," Dr. Clay
thinks to himself.  "I'll be out of this nightmare."  A scream echoes
horribly through the ship.  Then everything is silent.  Dr. Clay
hustles toward his ship but suddenly someone drops in front of him
blocking his escape.  The person looks like Vegeta but strips of red
metal are perfectly interwoven into his flesh and Dr. Clay's seal is
'tattooed' over his right eye.  The metal strip portions have no
rhyme or reason to their patterns and every so often they shift and
change.  A portion shifting here, some metal transforming to flesh
or vise versa, it is a horrible sight.  Dr. Clay whispers.  "Zero?"

The creature's arm snaps out faster then Dr. Clay can see.
It's fingers latch over Dr. Clays face and crush it in bloody gout.
The creature pulls the mangled corpse in and whispers into its ear.
"Vegeta."  Then it tosses the corpse into the wall.  It slams into the
wall with a sickening sound leaving a web of blood and gore.

ZeroVegeta enters the escape craft and operated activates
it.   ZeroVegeta doesn't even bother to wipe the blood off himself
as he operates the controls.  As the craft heads off into space and
Dr. Clay's ship is pulled into the black hole ZeroVegeta says to
himself.  "Namek.  Immortality will be mine.  Vegeta will rule the
universe, just as I was always meant to.  Yes, Namek!"






______________________________________________________
__________
Vegeta: …
Anomie whispering: Vegeta.  Vegeta you're on.
Vegeta: Who are you?
Anomie:  I'm Anomie Cain, daughter of Animus Cain.  I'm here to
help this along.
Vegeta:  Whatever.
Anomie:  You're on.  You're supposed to give a preview of the
next episode just like they do on the TV shows.
Vegeta:  This wasn't in the last episode.
Anomie:  It's something new.  Just tell them about the next
episode.
Vegeta:  Why should I?  I am Vegeta fan favorite.  If the readers
don't like me I'll just destroy them.  I don't need lower myself to
doing previews.
Anomie:  Come on Vegeta.  You just had your own Saga.  If you
don't, I have to warn you things could get unpleasant for you.
Vegeta:  What will you do?  Tell daddy to kill me off?  See how
many people read the next episode after that.  Even Akira
Toriyama couldn't hold me back. When those fools took over in
GT they tried to keep me from my destiny and prevent me from
going Super Saiyan four and I beat them all.  So just what do you
think you can do to stop me?
Anomie: Well Vegeta I guess you are right, just forget about it.
I'll do it myself.  Oh by the way you are getting a new love
interest.
Vegeta:  What!?!
Anomie:  Mihoshi.
Vegeta: Aaaah No, NO!  Not that, damn you.  Look I can't do the
preview even if I wanted too.  I haven't seen the next episode.
Anomie:  Not to worry I wrote this for you.
Anomie hands Vegeta a paper and he snatches it from her.
Anomie gives Vegeta a smile and thumbs up.
Vegeta under his breath:  Rrrr stupid daughter…hate this…no
respect…never lowered to this in other fans work…read
now…vengeance later.
Vegeta reading the paper completely monotone vaporizing pages
as he finishes:  Wow how can we top this one.  Nagi comes back to
pick a fight with a few new recruits form another anime series you
may have seen on Toonami.  Don't worry they're only here for a
one episode cameo.  I won't tell you who but you'd better get
ready.  Meanwhile ZeroVegeta makes his way through the depths
of space.
Next time The Namek Saga/Episode 3 No Need for Bounty
Hunters
It's undeniably (I don't believe this) exhilarating.

Authors Note:  I really hope you enjoyed this one I put a lot of
work into it.  PLEASE E-MAIL ME and let me know what you
though good or bad.

^-^:  Myaa

My pet cabbit would like to add a thank you to my loyal fan(s),
particularly W. Washu who gave some great feedback, Treslizn
who is (sadly) my proofreader, and of course GenSao who is so
good as to keep this site going.

I would also encourage everyone to visit Tenchifanart.com and
please join the message board.  I love that site and would love to
see some people using the message board.

Later.


A.K.A.
Animus Cain

