AKA Animus Cain (Animus_Cain@HotMail.com)
The Kagato Saga
Episode 1: No need for doom.
A Tenchi DBZ crossover where the Saiyans and Kagato
arrive at the same time.  Tenchi and crew must fight
alongside the Z-fighters to prevail.

Look here every one the Disclaimer:  As you
may have guessed I don't own any characters etc.  Nor did
I invent them.  Tenchi is owned by Pioneer and I believe
Funimation owns Dragonball Z.  So all I really what to say
here is this is just a story for other to enjoy.  Please don't
sue me.

Note to Reader:  This is a blend of Tenchi and DBZ meant
to be the first in a series.  This draws VERY heavily from
the Sayain saga in DBZ and the two Kagato epsiodes
Kagato Attacks and We Need Tenchi in the Tenchi Muyo
OVA.  Each progressive story will see more and more
change as the characters start to interact and the cumulative
effect changes the long-term story of these two series.



This Fan Fiction is a blend of Tenchi Muyo OVA
progressing into Tenchi Universe and Dragonball Z.  All
origins of character however come from OVA and only
later story events come from Tenchi universe.

The story starts with Tenchi just after episode number 4
OVA and during Dragonball Z episode 14 or in other
words, shortly after Mihoshi arrives and just before Goku is
wished back and the Saiyans arrive.

For those of you unfamiliar with events let me sum it up for
you.  A little less then a year ago an evil Saiyan came to
Earth to find Goku.  This Saiyan turned out to be Goku's
brother Raditz.  Raditz told Goku about the Saiyans who
were "planetary stockbrokers" meaning they takeover a
planet and kill the inhabitants so some one else can take it
over.  Goku was sent to earth as a child to do just that, but
got bumped of the head and forgot his mission.  The Saiyan
home world of Vegeta was recently destroyed and so only a
few Saiyans are left.  Raditz was sent to get Goku for a big
job coming up where they could use the extra muscle.
Goku horrified by this and refused.  Raditz didn't like that
so he thrashed Goku and took his son Gohan leaving Goku
with an ultimatum either he join the Saiyans and wipe out
the humans on Earth as his first job or Raditz would take
Gohan in his place.  Goku formed a temporary alliance
with the villainous Piccolo to beat Raditz.  The mighty duo
did indeed defeat Raditz but at the cost of Goku's life.
Before Raditz died however he learn of the Dragonballs
and their wish granting powers and relayed this information
to two Saiyans in deep space.  The Saiyans quickly left for
earth but with such a great distance it would take them a
whole year to reach Earth.  Piccolo abducted Gohan to give
him special training to fight the Saiyans and formed and
unlikely friendship between himself and Gohan.
Meanwhile Goku's friends the Z-fighters trained
themselves so they too could aid in the coming battle.
Goku still dead received special permission to travel in the
after life to King Kai a legendary (if corny) master of the
martial arts under whom he learned the art of Keo Ken.
When the year had almost past Goku's friends Master
Roshie, Bulma, Pwar, and Oolong finally collected all
seven Dragonballs and waited for the day to wish Goku
back so he could fight the Saiyans with his new power.

In Tenchi, (if you don't know already though I question
why your even in this site.) Tenchi accidentally freed a
"demon" the space pirate Ryoko when he explored an
ancient and forbidden cave at Masaki shrine and removed
the legendary sword (actually a Jurai master key) once used
to defeat Ryoko, despite his grandfather's (who runs the
shrine) specific instructions not to go in there.  Ryoko's
resurrection in turn brings Princess Ayeka and her sister
Princess Sasami of the House of Jurai.  Ayeka is searching
for her brother and fiancé Yosho who disappeared seven
hundred years ago while pursuing Ryoko after she attacked
the planet Jurai.  Ryoko tries to escape in Ryo'ohki her pet
and spacecraft.  A battle ensues which destroying both
Ayeka's and Ryoko's ships leaving them stranded on earth
and moving Tenchi's house right next to Masaki shrine.
Ryo'ohki reproduces itself and a new Ryo'ohki is born.
Ryoko, Ayeka, and Sasami all decide to stay with Tenchi
and each secretly or not so secretly in Ryoko's case fall in
love with Tenchi.  However, this leads to problems as
Ayeka and Ryoko are constantly fighting.  Recently they
were joined by a fourth visitor from outer space, Detective
First Class Mihoshi of the Galaxy Police.   Mihoshi
accidentally crashes on earth when he detects the energy
from one of Ryoko and Ayeka's fights.  Now Mihoshi too
is staying with the group.

The Kagato Saga
Episode 1: No need for doom.

Master Roshie was in the can when suddenly from
across another dimension via King Kai Goku's thoughts
reached master Roshie.

"Master Roshie" came Goku's thoughts "Master
Roshie, it's me Goku."

Confused the old master looked about.  "Uh,
hhhyyyaaaaaa!  Goku it's you, but were are you."  The old
man shouts.

"Hahaha.  Well don't ask me how, but I'm talking
to you with my mind from another dimension.  Can you
here me okay?"

Goku asks.  " Yes, I can." Master Roshie states a bit
calmer.

"Great." Goku continues, "Did you guys manage to
collect all seven Dragonballs?"

Roshie answers,  "Sure did.  We're ready when you
are.  I understand that you've been under going some new
training"

In the next dimension Goku smiles.  "Yes I have it
worked out perfectly, and I'm ready to return so please
wish me back right away" Goku says "The Saiyans are
going to arrive on earth tomorrow."

"Bwhaaaaat? Yikes!"  Roshie shouts.

"Yes I know, and I won't be arriving until the day
after tomorrow.  Some how the other are going to have to
hang on until I get there."  Goku says solemnly.

Suddenly Goku's thoughts are gone.  Master Roshie
cries out.  "Goku.  Hey son are you still there."  Confident
there is going to be no further messages from the next
dimension Master Roshie stumbles out of the bathroom
hardly giving himself enough time to pull up his birches.
Bulma, Pwar, and Oolong all give him quizzical look as he
yells out  "Hay gang get the Dragonballs."

After some explaining, they assemble all the
Dragonballs together in the front of the house.  Roshie
muster his courage and steps up to the now flashing
Dragonballs.  "Okay" He says and raises his hand above his
head.  "Here goes.  Now ari…"  However, his command is
lost as blast strikes in the center of the Dragonballs sending
them scattering and knocking Master Roshie over.

A man descends from the sky.  He has a green cloak
over a black robe like outfit with purple trim.  He wears
white gloves and a small pair of black sunglasses with fit
over his nose with out any attachment to his ears.  He has
long silver hair done back in a ponytail and strange eyes
that are yellow instead of white with red pupils.

"Well, well, well."  The strange and sinister man
states.  "This is interesting.  These are not the gems at all.
Yet, their power is very similar.  Perhaps Soja can make
use of these.  At the very least they deserve more study."

"Hey!"  Bulma shouts.  "What do you think your
doing?  Look, mister we need those to bring Goku back.
There are two Saiyans coming her right now and only Goku
can beat them.  Those two will kill everyone on the planet
if there not stopped."

The strange man gives her a slightly amused and
condescending look.  "Really, then it's a good thing I don't
plan to be on this planet when they arrive."  With that he
raises his hand and the Dragonballs start to rise into the air.

"Stop it.  I'm warning you."  Roshie yells.

"Don't make me laugh if you can't stop a Saiyan or
two you certainly can not stop me."  The man retorts.

Master Roshie brings his hands up to his side inches
apart and shouts.  "Well just see about that.
KAAMEEHAAMEEHAA!"

Energy build between his hands and Master Roshie
brings his hands forward aiming the energy ball at the
sinister man and lets it fly forward.  The wave of energy
rushes forward but the man slaps it aside effortlessly with
one gloved hand.  He holds his hand out toward Roshie and
invisible force sends Roshie flying through the house.

"Now if there are no further objections?"  The man
asks.

"Just one or two."  Comes the reply.  Tien and
Chiaotzu fly down from the sky.  Tien continues, "You're
not going anywhere."

"Yeah," Chiaotzu chimes in.  "We need those to…"

The man interrupts "Yes, yes they already told me
to get this Goku back, stop the Saiyans, and you're going to
hurt me.  This is all very amusing but I have bigger plans."

Tien crosses his finger to form a triangle and blasts
the man.  Blinding and deadly light envelops him but when
it is over, he is unphased.

Tien gasps "No way."

The sinister man returns the attack in kind blasting
Tien and the beach along with him.  Tien recovers quickly
though and launches a furious assault of punches and kicks.
The man effortlessly evades Tien's every attack, flying out
of the way without moving a muscle.  Energy crackles in
front of him gathering into a single sphere and then firing
mercilessly at Tien.  Chiaotzu could only watch helplessly
as the deadly bolt lances into Tien.  The center of Tien's
chest blackens and there is a sickening sound of snapping
bones as he collapses to the ground.

"TIEN" Chiaotzu yells.  "TIEN"

Chiaotzu muster his energy and blasts the stranger,
but once again, the man is completely unharmed.  Chiaotzu
flies at his opponent charged and glowing with Ki energy.
The stranger slaps Chiaotzu down into the sand with a
single blow.  The stranger holds out his hand and Chiaotzu
floats up into the air.  Chiaotzu fights his way out of a daze
and concentrates.  The small fighter glows with energy.
With all his will, Chiaotzu concentrates his energy into a
single thin beam.  Before it can hit an energy field bends
the beam away from the stranger, but Chiaotzu
concentrates and expends all of his energy managing to
bring the beam back in toward the stranger.  The beam just
brushes the stranger's cheek and a small drop of green
blood leak out in the moment it takes to heal.  The stranger
grimaces frightfully and Chiaotzu jerks in the air as though
being pummeled.  Bruises and cuts form on Chiaotzu and
the tiny warrior screams as his bones crack under the
assault.

"Stop or…or" Tien manages to gasp.

The stranger turns and lets Chiaotzu fall to the
ground as he floats over to Tien.  The strangers ice cold
laughter echoes through the small island.  Tien in agony
manages to raise his hands for another attack.  Tien
concentrates all his energy into a huge energy blast that
erupts from his hands.  Before it could hit a shield forms
around the stranger that deflects the awesome attack.  In
retaliation the stranger creates a sword of energy which he
uses to ruthlessly slash open Tien. He is about to take
another slash at Tien when his attention is called to the sea.
Several figures are flying toward the island.

The stranger shrugs and says  "Not what I came for
but who knows this might be even better."  A green energy
field materializes above the stranger and opens as he and
the Dragonballs float into it.  The field seals once more and
then it is gone.

Piccolo, Gohan, Yamcha, and Krillin arrive on the
island seconds later.  Bulma runs up and hugs Yamcha.

"Yamcha I'm so glad you're here."  She says.
"Wait, what are you all doing here?"

Yamcha replies,  "Goku some how told us that their
was trouble from the other dimension.  What happened?"

Bulma explains.  "We were about to wish Goku
back when this guy came out of nowhere.  He some how
detected the Dragonballs and took them.  Master Roshie,
Tien, and Chiaotzu all tried to stop him."

Piccolo cuts in.  "What was he?  He didn't fell like
a Saiyan."

Krillin run over to Tien and Chiaotzu to gives them
a sensu bean he quickly gives one to Tien but stops short as
he gets to Chiaotzu.  Chiaotzu's head lies at an unnatural
angle and it is clear that it is too late.  Mercifully, Tien is
unconscious and is spared the grizzly sight.

"No" Krillin says and shudders.  "No he just felt all
weird like."

Piccolo adds "Well I doesn't matter he has the
Dragonballs and he will make his wish.  Once they scatter
it will be impossible for us to find them all again in one
day, and even if we could they will be normal stones for a
year.  Tomorrow we will just have to fight the Saiyans on
our own."

Oolong speaks up for the first time.  "Not exactly."
The small pig holds a Dragonball.  "I grabbed this after Mr.
Spooky blasted them.  He took off with out the full set."

Bulma looks up and adds.  "This is great we can
find him with the dragon radar."  Quickly she takes out the
device she invented but only one blip appear of the screen.
"What?"  Bulma stammers.  "They don't appear on the
radar.  I don't understand."

Gohan speak up.  "This is terrible.  Now Mr. Tien
and Mr. Chiaotzu are hurt and my dad is trapped in another
dimension.  We need those Dragonballs."

Krillin says.  "But how can we find this guy."
There is a long silence as no one answers.

In the next dimension, Goku clenches his fists in
anger.  "King Kia what can we do?"  Goku asks.

Sadly, King Kai turns to Goku.  "From here I am
afraid this is nothing we can do.  Except watch and wait."
In silent fury, Goku stands for a moment for the first time
in his life he feels totally helpless.

That night at the Masaki house Ryoko sees a
sinister and familiar silhouette while Sasami has a terrible
premonition.  The mysterious stranger appears in the cave
that once served to imprison Ryoko.  He looks about and
considers to himself.  "This is most convenient Ryoko,
Yosho, Ayeka, the gems, the master key, and these
mysterious 'Dragonballs'.  This is going to be very
interesting indeed."

While the Z fighters prepare for a battle to the death
come the dawn, the Masaki household retires for the night
blissfully ignorant of yet another threat headed for earth.  In
space, the Saiyan pods rapidly approaches the earth.

The next morning starts quietly for the Masaki
household.  Tenchi get up early to find Sasami happily
getting breakfast ready.  One by one, the others come down
for breakfast.  After breakfast Tenchi, heads out to the
carrot fields followed by Ryo'ohki.  The small cabbit
happily accompanies Tenchi as he tends the fields.  Tenchi
scolds the cabbit for its greedy love of carrots when it starts
to snow.  Ryo'ohki begins to hiss and snarl at the snow.

"So you've never seen snow before?"  Tenchi asks,
"Don't worry it is nothing to get worked up over."  But
despite Tenchi's assurances the small cabbit continues its
frenzy and runs off.

Ryoko spends the morning after breakfast enjoying
a hot bath and some saki.  Soon she is joined by Ayeka.
Predictably, the two cannot keep from arguing and are soon
in a full blow argument over Tenchi.  However, they are
soon interrupted by Mihoshi.  They both give her dirty
looks as she dreamily discuses Tenchi.  Sasami frustrated
no one was doing their chores sets out to find everyone.
Thus goes the morning, the Masaki household totally and
completely unaware of the danger that is approaching from
outer space.  For at that very moment, the Saiyans land.

The two space pods land in the heart of a city and
two grim figures emerge from the crater.  The people gawk
in terror as the Saiyans emerge.  One is Nappa a bald giant;
the other is a short man with spiky black hair known as
Vegeta Prince of all Saiyans.  Both wear strange armor, a
device over the left eye, possess furry brown tails and both
have a sinister smile on their lips.

"Nahaha" Nappa snickers as he emerges.  They
effortlessly levitate out and set foot on the earth.  "What
should we do with these gawking fools?"

Vegeta looks about and replies.  "Oh I don't know
you pick this time."

Nappa smiles evilly as he tells Vegeta "Oh Vegeta
you're to kind.  Thank you very much."

Vegeta laughs wickedly and replies, "Don't
mention it."

Energy gathers in Nappa's open palm the
devastating energy pools together until the Saiyan raises his
gigantic hand extending the first two finger and with a
maniacal laugh the mighty Nappa releases the energy in a
deadly nova devastating everything in its wake.

Sasami finally finds the group longing in the bath.
"There you are, what are you doing we have chores to do
you know."  She scolds and then quickly adds.  "Pew, it
stinks in here like saki."

Ayeka open he mouth to speak when in flash of
green energy the sinister man who attacked materializes in
the room.

"Aiiiee!!!  Pervert!"  Ayeka cries.

"Kagato!"  Ryoko shouts and in the blink of an eye,
she is clothed in a black and red skintight combat suit.

With a snarl, she attacks Kagato who easily evades
her.  With a gesture from Kagato Ryoko's gem begins to
glow with a green light and energy courses through her.  He
body spasms as the energy courses through her until the
collapses to the ground.

"Ah Ryoko, you ARRRR."  Kagato starts to say
then is jerks back as he is thrown forward by an energy
blast.  Angrily he turns about to see a tall green person
dressed in a white cape and turban that could only belong
to Piccolo and Gohan with him.

"You have something that doesn't belong to you."
Piccolo says.

Kagato's expression turns from one of anger to
amusement.  Kagato says.  "Are you talking about those
spheres?  I am sorry but I have become rather attached to
them.  They are intriguing.  You wouldn't happen to know
any thing about them."

Piccolo scowls as he replies.  "I know you're going
to regret it if you do not give them back."

"Really?"  Kagato asks amused.  "I believe you'll
find there is really nothing that you can do to stop me as I
already proved on your friends."

Kagato give a snicker and Piccolo snarls back.
"We'll see."

With am mighty shout Piccolo charges Kagato.
Kagato's hand snaps up as energy erupts from it and
Piccolo is blasted out of the bath.

"Mr. Piccolo!"  Gohan shouts and shudders in terror
at Kagato.

Kagato and Ryoko rise into the air and vanish into a
sphere green energy.

"Lets see, the highest power level is, whoa, there is
a high power over there."  Nappa says.  Small figures scroll
across the small device over his left eye.  "The scouter
reads over five thousand."

Vegeta looks at his own scouter.  "Well then that's
a good place to start."

Nappa gawks a little bit.  "But…But Vegeta how is
that possible no one on this planet could have improved
that much, they could barely take Raditz."

"I don't know Nappa."  Vegeta replies, "Maybe the
Dragonballs did it."

Nappa still hesitates.  "Can they really be that
powerful?"  Vegeta smiles as he replies.

"Lets hope so they are going to grant us
immortality."  Then the two Saiyan fly off to find their
prey.

At the Masaki house, Tenchi arrives at the baths to
see the devastation.  "What happened here?  Who is this?"

Sasami runs up to Tenchi, "It was terrible.  This
man came and took Ryoko and then a big green monster
came and they fought and…and"

Gohan interrupts her.  "He is not a monster.  He is
Mr. Piccolo, he's my friend, we came here to stop that guy
and wish my dad back."

"What?"  Tenchi asks.  "I don't understand.  Who
are you?"

Gohan sniffles back tears as he answers.  "I, I'm
Gohan, we followed him here you see.  We suddenly
sensed his energy and came here to stop him."

Tenchi starts to ask if he can sense where Kagato
went but it becomes quickly apparent as and explosion
sound from out side.

As Tenchi and the rest from the bath arrive, Tien is
attacking in a fury sending wave after wave of attacks at
Kagato while Krillin, Yamcha, and Piccolo move to
support him.  Kagato is on the defensive; he is slowly
driven back until his stuck between Tien's relentless attacks
and the ancient tree of Masaki shrine.

Krillin cheers Tien on "That it Tien keep it up
you've got this guy."

Piccolo however frowns with concern.  That sly
confidant expression never left Kagato's face.

Tien cries out.  "This is for Chiaotzu."

Tien raises his hand to finish Kagato off.  However,
he never makes it as Ryoko, eyes bizarrely changed to blue
with yellow pupils and her face completely expressionless,
slams into him smashing Tien into the ground.  Kagato
laughs his villainous laugh as Tien scramble to recover.

Tenchi desperately pounds on the master key trying
to summon up the energy blade it can produce, but to no
avail.  Meanwhile Gohan is paralyzed with fear as he
watches his friends fight for their lives.  Ayeka, Sasami,
and Mihoshi are at loss for what to do, total overwhelmed
by the combat they see before them.

Ryoko pummels Tien beating him viciously.  Krillin
flies to aid Tien.  Ryoko teleports out of the way just
moments before Krillin reaches her.  Both Tien and Krillin
look about for her only to be blasted from above by Ryoko
in relentless series of energy beams.

Piccolo finds himself defending for his life
desperately trying to buy Yamcha enough time to form his
Kai bomb attack.  Yamcha forms the attack and launches it
at Kagato.  Kagato move deftly out of the way but under
Yamcha's rapid control the bomb stays close behind.
Kagato flies high into the air and fire a large ray at the
bomb.  The ray tears through the bomb setting it off in a
huge explosion and continues on blasting Yamcha as well.
When the smoke clears Yamcha lies smoldering at the
bottom the newly formed crater unmoving.

Ryoko does not give Krillin or Tien a chance to
recover.  She flies down into after them.  With a vicious
backhand, she sends Krillin flying into the air.  Tien
however is up and moving before Ryoko can defend
herself, he attacks.  He punches her repeatedly.  Ryoko
pulls away and puts so distance between them.  Tien is
persistent however and fires tri-blasts at her.  Again and
again the tri-blast narrowly miss her as she teleports out of
the way, but having seen this trick once, each time Ryoko
teleports Tien is a ready tracking her giving her no time to
attack.  Finally, Ryoko disappears all together.  Tien
concentrates trying to locate her energy.  Ryoko quickly
emerges floating up from the ground under Tien.  Ryoko
pounds Tien one to the gut.  Tien's eyes bulge and he gasps
for breath.  Ryoko grasps him by his tee shirt and beats him
senseless.  Tien goes limp Ryoko pull him to his feet
beating him to a pulp.

As Kagato laughs over Yamcha's charred corpse,
Piccolo splits himself into three.  All of the Piccolos say in
unison "Your going down."  The Piccolo first charges at
Kagato only to be blasted out of the sky.  The other two
Piccolos make use of the diversion.  One fires a special
beam cannon at Kagato.  The energy beam is stopped short
once again by Kagato's energy field, however this leaves
Kagato open to the other Piccolo who attacks Kagato from
above.  The third Piccolo shouts "Now your mine."

The battle is suddenly interrupted a multitude of Kai
blasts which streak across the field.  Kagato's shield
protects him but Ryoko, Tien, and Piccolo are all blasted.
The Kai blasts explodes into Tien and Ryoko when the dust
clears Tien is gone and Ryoko stands alone seemingly
unharmed, the Piccolos are blasted in mid attack and fall to
the ground were the remerge into one being.  All attention
is brought to the attacker the giant Saiyan Nappa.

"Thank you Nappa."  Vegeta says.  "I don't usually
have this much trouble getting peoples attention.  So now I
repeat myself I'm looking for the Dragonballs which one of
you knows where the are."

At first, no one answers.  Then Gohan speaks up.
"He took them.  That guy over there."  Gohan points out
Kagato.

"Well then," Vegeta continues.  "it looks like I want
to talk to you."

Kagato narrows his eyes as he says.  "It's a pity I
have nothing to say to you then.  All six Dragonballs are in
my possession, and very soon so will the master key and
the limitless power of Tsunami."

Nappa scratches his chin.  "Did I miss something
here?  What's a Tsunami and I thought there were sev…"

Vegeta harshly replies.  "Who cares, it's the
Dragonballs we came for and as for limitless power well
I'm already here aren't I?  Nappa why don't you persuade
this gentleman to tell use where the Dragonballs are."

The huge warrior steps forward.  "My pleasure
Vegeta."  Nappa replies.  Nappa checks his scouter.
"Power level 2, hahahahahahaha."  The Saiyan can barely
contain his amusement.

Kagato turn to Piccolo.  "It seems our time is over."
Kagato states confidently the blasts Piccolo with a huge
blast that leaves him smoking.  Then Kagato turn to Nappa.
Ryoko floats up to interpose herself between Nappa and
Kagato.

  The warrior begins to laugh again until his scouter
clicks on.  "Power level four thousand?!!!"  Napa gasps.
Ryoko Raises one hand and energy rapidly pool there.
"Power level ten thousand and rising."  Nappa states
astonished then recovering his wits.  "Alright!  Looks like
this will be a fight after all."

Ryoko fires at Nappa.  Nappa shields himself with
his arms and strains forward.  Even so, he is forced back by
the attack, but then it is Nappa's turn.  Nappa opens his
mouth wide and shouts as he bellows out a mouth blast.
The energy beam is easily avoided by Ryoko who flies out
of harm way.  She charges the Saiyan and smashes him
brutally across the face shattering his scouter.  Nappa round
houses Ryoko taking her off balance then kicks her back.
Ryoko is up immediately though and fires a rapid series of
energy blasts at Nappa.  Nappa barely avoids these as he
rises into the air.  Ryoko teleports under Nappa and fires
again knocking the Saiyan from the sky.  As he tumbles
down Ryoko flies up knees him in the chest then smashes
him with both hand sending Nappa plummeting into the
ground.

Krillin finally recovers from Ryoko's attack and
looks on as Ryoko and Nappa battle it out.  "Incredible.
They are just so powerful.  But no matter who wins this
will only be trouble."  Krillin clenches his hands into tight
fists.  "There has to be something I can do.  Goku if only
you were here."

Kagato however is paying the battle no heed instead
he is staring as Tenchi or more specifically the hilt like
object that Tenchi is holding.  "The master key."  Kagato
says greedily as he recognizes the object.  Kagato is further
surprise and another revelation hits him.  "In the hilt,
Ryoko's last two gems."

Nappa, in the air once again, swings once again at
Ryoko; she evades the blow and pounds her fist into
Nappa's chest cracking his armor.  Nappa yells out in pain,
but Ryoko shuts him up with a fierce uppercut.  Nappa fall
back and wipes blood from his face.

His face contorts in anger.  Napa yells.
"RrrraaaAAAAAA.  You'll pay dearly for that."

Nappa pulls back his hand and gathers up his kai
energy.  Then, mad with rage, Nappa fires off a tremendous
attack into the air.  Expressionless, Ryoko merely teleport
out of the way materializing in front of Nappa and kicking
him in the chest sending him tumbling into the ground.
Ryoko fires a blast of her own at Nappa before he can
regain his footing and blasting him off of the ground.
Nappa hurt but not defeated flies up and launches a rapid
succession of punches, but each one misses Ryoko who
seemingly effortlessly moves out of the way at the last
second.  Finally, they lock arms in an all out contest of
strength.  Nappa smiles and presses his size and strength
against Ryoko.  Ryoko with the same zombie like total lack
of expression pushes back.  Nappa can scarcely believe it
as she over powers him.

Meanwhile on the ground Krillin sees his chance
and takes it.  Raising his hand above his head, he calls out
"Distructo Disk activate".  A two dimensional circle of
white rotating energy forms above his palm.  Krillin take
careful aim and launches the disk at the two battling
fighter.  The disk moves rapidly toward the two only to be
intercepted by a huge energy attack destroying the disk.

"Really that was pathetic.  Trying to sneak attack
them like that.  A Saiyan has no need for such cowardly
tactics.  The attack the enemy head on, like so."  Vegeta
says.

Then he raises one hand with two fingers extended
toward Krillin.  Krillin has just enough time to gasp before
being blasted.  Krillin manages to get a defense up but it
does little good and he is blasted back.  Smoldering, his
cloths in taters, once again Krillin surrenders to
unconsciousness.

"This is impossible."  Nappa screams.  "I am Nappa
a Saiyan super elite fighter head of the entire Saiyan army.
I cannot be weaker than this little earth woman."  Ryoko
twists Nappa's arms painfully until he lets go then brutally
beats him with powerful blow after blow pounding Nappa
until finally he is sent flying into the air.  "That's it" Nappa
screams.  "Now your dead.  DO YOU HEAR ME
DEAD!!!"  Nappa begins to glow and every vain on his
body seem to bulge out.  With a near feral cry, he flies at
full speed at Ryoko.  She too flies directly at Nappa.  The
Saiyan cranks back his arm and drives his fist into Ryoko.
But much to Nappa's surprise his fist passes right through
Ryoko and she pass through his body as though she were
merely a phantom.  Quickly Nappa turns around to she
where she went only to find her directly behind him inches
away with an orange blade of pure energy in hand.  With
incredible speed, Ryoko attacks.  The blade cut though
Nappa before he can even move decapitating the giant.

Vegeta still look unimpressed.  "Well, well, well
there is a decent fighter left on earth.  Could she be a
Saiyan?  Where is Kakarot?"  Vegeta wondered she has a
tail he could tell even with jumpsuit but that was nearly
impossible.

Kagato speaks up interrupting Vegeta train of
thought.  "Well this has been enough amusement for one
day.  I have to become ruler of the universe."

Vegeta turn to him.  "Not so fast you still have to
deal with me."  Kagato smiles and says.  "Vegeta, you are
inconsequential, but if you insist."

Suddenly Kagato is in front of Vegeta glowing
energy sword in hand.  All Vegeta's speed in insufficient to
get him completely out of harm way.  The sword cut
though his armor and gashes his chest.  Vegeta scream in
anger, pain, and surprise.  Kagato extends a hand and the
largest energy attack any of them has ever seen hits Vegeta.
Vegeta's body is slammed by the attack and the whole
ground shakes.  When the dust settles Vegeta lies very still.

"Well now that just leaves you and me Tenchi."
Kagato says.

Tenchi raises the key and this time it flares to life.
Tenchi says.  "I am ready for you."

Kagato float over to Tenchi and says.  "Really, tell
me this how did you get that sword.  That is royal property.
The kings own I believe."

Tenchi look startled as he says.  "What are you
talking about what king?"

For once Kagato look surprised.  Kagato almost
gasps.  "You don't know!?!  You would fight me with it
and you don't even begin to understand it secrets?  Foolish
boy you cannot defeat me."

Ayeka cries out.  "Tenchi be careful."  Gohan
unconsciously back a step or two away behind Ayeka.

Kagato continues.  "Not just any one can use that
sword.  Are you a suitable wielder of the sword?"

Tenchi replies "I am not sure maybe, maybe not.  I
don't know."  Kagato smiles evilly.  "Well then I will just
have to test you."

Kagato attacks Tenchi the two swords meet.  It is
clear however, that Tenchi is no match for Kagato and can
barely keep his sword on.  In a few moments Tenchi is
defeated and lying the water around the tree of Masaki
shrine.  Ryoko grabs Tenchi from behind and hold him fast.
Kagato move in to take the sword.

Krillin is unsure if he is awake or dreaming as he
hears Goku's voice.  "Krillin.  Krillin get up.  Krillin we
need you."

Krillin still unsteady looks about.  "Goku?"  Krillin
asks.  "Goku are you here."

The answer comes.  "No, I am still trapped in the
next dimension.  But Krillin there is something you have to
do."

Krillin now fully awake asks incredulously.  "Goku
what can I do you saw me try.  I can't even touch these
guys.  We have been scared senseless of the Saiyans for a
year and these two come and take them on like there
nothing."

"Krillin you can help.  King Kia knows how.
Ryoko, Krillin the woman, there is a gem on her right
sleeve if you can get that you can stop her.  They are
distracted. They're focused on Tenchi.  Krillin now is your
chance."  Goku calmly says.

Krillin looks around.  Sure enough both Kagato and
Ryoko are attacking Tenchi.  Ryoko is holding him still
while Kagato approaches.  Summoning his courage, Krillin
puts his hand to his face and shouts "Solar flair".  Light
streams from the Krillin blinding everyone.  Kagato reels
back and Ryoko raises her arms to shield her eyes.  As soon
as she does Krillin creates a second destructo disk and
sends it flying at Ryoko cutting her arm of at the elbow.
Ryoko eyes turn back to normal and she cries out and
collapses into the water.  Simultaneously with Krillin's
attack, the master key glows with energy and blast back
Kagato.  Kagato writhes with pain and screams.

"Very well, it seems for now I will have to wait for
the key."  Kagato says.  Kagato and Ryoko float up into the
air.  "I invite all of to come and visit me on my ship the
Soja if you care to come.  I know Ryoko will be there."
Kagato laughs as he and Ryoko disappear into a green
energy field.

Krillin sighs with relief.  "He is finally gone.  I
think were safe."  Krillin's jubilation is cut short as he sees
the expression on every ones face.

"No."  Piccolo manages to say gritting his teeth in
pain.  "It's not over.  He still has the Dragonballs and he
clearly wants the sword.  I am sure he will be back."

Krillin stares in stark amassments.  Krillin gasps.
"Piccolo you're still alive?  I though you were dead
like…Yamcha and Tien."  Krillin runs over to him to gives
Piccolo a sensu bean.  "Only two left."  Krillin says as he
shakes out the pouch and it contents spill out.  Two sensu
beans and the seven star Dragonball spills out.  Krillin
gives Piccolo one bean.  Piccolo eats if and is healed and
revitalized.

Krillin is about to eat the other when her hears
Gohan shout.  "Look out Krillin."

An ominous shadow fall over Krillin.  Krillin turn
around to see what it is, but is only fast enough to get a
punch to the face rather then in the back of the head.
Vegeta stronger then ever thanks to his Saiyan ancestry
stands triumphant over Krillin.  After seeing the bean
restore Piccolo, Vegeta takes the bean and eats it.  Krillin
weakly tries to get up but Vegeta kicks him back down.

Vegeta laughs as he says.  "Well maybe a Saiyan
attack from behind once in a while.  Ha, looks like Vegeta
wins after all.  Now I am strong enough to beat that freak, I
am fully recovered, and I have a Dragonball."  Piccolo tries
to stop him but he is easily knocked away by Vegeta.
Vegeta flies off the way he came almost to fast for Piccolo
to see.

"I've failed."  Tenchi says quietly.

"We all did, but that doesn't mean it's over."
Piccolo adds.

A new voice adds  "Quite right."  Every one turns to
see an elderly man with long gray hair, a gray mustache,
and glasses.

"Grandpa."  Tenchi says surprised.

Tenchi start to say more but is cut off by his
grandfather.  "Tenchi, what are you going to do now.  Now
is the time to act.  Can you protect your friend with a sword
you cannot fully control?  You have the potential."

Tenchi is quiet for a moment then says.  "I
think…Yes, yes I can."

Ayeka protest.  "No Lord Tenchi it's to dangerous."

However, Tenchi's Grandfather cut her off.  "Ayeka
their come a time when every man must take action, they
just need find the courage to do so."

Tenchi confidently says.  "I'm ready lets go."  One
by one the other chime in their agreement.

Ayeka stops Sasami short however.  "Sasami I am
afraid you must stay here with grandfather."

Sasami protests.  "But Ayeka…"

Tenchi gently adds.  "I'm sorry but I think it would
be best."

Gohan slowly walk to Piccolo and says.  "I'm
sorry,"

But Piccolo stops him harshly.  "There will be no
one to baby sit you, no one for you to hide behind.  If you
cannot help you should just stay here with Sasami."

Gohan almost cries, but the he look over at Tenchi.
Then he says with steel in his voice.  "No I want to come,
my dad wouldn't back down, and you guys are not going to
run away, I have to come."

Piccolo eyes Gohan for what seems to Gohan an
eternity then finally says.  "Alright then lets go Gohan."

"Great now all we need is a way off this planet."
Tenchi says.

As if on cue Ryo'ohki leaps into the air and with a
loud "Meow" changes into a spacecraft.  Then Ryo'ohki
pulls what is left of Ayeka's ship the Ryou and bonds with
its control center tucking in neatly under the ship.

"Oh no, my little Ryo'ohki."  Sasami protests.

"I guess that will do."  Tenchi says and they quickly
enter the ship and head out into space.

As Ryo'ohki lift off Piccolo says.  "Well kid, seeing
as were all here for the same cause we might as well learn
each other names."

Tenchi looks up.  "Oh, sorry I'm Tenchi Masaki
and this is…"

Mihoshi interrupts.  "I am Galaxy Police detective
first class Mihoshi, this is Ayeka of planet Jurai."

Ayeka speaks up "I can introduce myself you
know."

Tenchi look over at Gohan and says.  "We already
got introduced to Gohan here, well sort of anyway."

Piccolo says.  "I am call Piccolo and the short guy is
Krillin."

Vegeta, with his newly acquired Dragonball in
hand, races to his pod.  He quickly enters it and lift off
headed for outer space.  As he clears the atmosphere, he
sees a strange looking ship beginning to lift off behind him.
Once in space, their target becomes clear.  A huge gray
ship lays waiting for them not far in space.  It could only be
Kagato's Soja.

Meanwhile in deep in Soja Kagato reflects on the
situation.  Ryoko is literally his captive audience, shrunken
down to doll size she is trapped in an hourglass pinned by
the sand.  "Interesting they are actually going to try to
rescue you.  How totally futile.  If the only realized the I
built that ship their on and I know everything about it."
Kagato explains.

Ryoko completely unable to move pleads to Kagato.
"Don't hurt Tenchi, please.  I beg you."

Kagato turn to Ryoko.  " Can this boy really mean
so much to you?  My dear feeling amount to little more
than nothing when compared to the power I will soon
posses."

Angry now Ryoko shout.  "I am not just your
machine anymore I am a human being!"

At this statement Kagato is amused.  Kagato says.
"Ryoko your current form was chosen simply because it
was convenient.  You could have just as easily been a rock.
Would you like that Ryoko, would you like to be a rock
because it can be arranged."  Kagato glances back at the
screen.  "Now it's time to end this."

The Soja open fire blasting Ryo'ohki.  Inside the
whole group is thrown about as the ship rocks from the
impact.

Gohan cries out.  "Krillin you have a spacecraft
can't you do something."

Krillin takes a look around saying.  "I can't pilot
this thing."

Ayeka yells.  "Do something.  I order you to do
something."

Krillin slowly looks at the consoles hoping
something will make sense to him when suddenly the ship
turns all red and begins making erratic movements.

"This was not what I meant Krillin."  Ayeka shouts.

Kagato look on in curiosity at what is happening to
Ryo'ohki.  "That is a very capable maneuver.  I wonder if
the boy's sword is responsible for it."  Kagato asks.

Vegeta watches as Ryo'ohki comes under fire.
"Perfect," Vegeta says to himself.  "Now I alone shall reach
Soja, and I alone shall get the Dragonballs."

On Ryo'ohki Krillin protests "It's not me.  I didn't
do anything."

Ayeka spots the true cause.  Mihoshi is feeding one
of the crystals saki.  The crystal phases between a crystal
form and that of a sloshed cabbit.

"Will you stop that!  You are going to get us
killed."  Ayeka shouts at her.

"Sorry I just don't have much to do right now."
Mihoshi replies sheepishly.

"We have to do something."  Tenchi shouts.

"Doesn't this ship have any form of attack?"
Piccolo asks.

"We could use the Light Hawk wings from my ship.
Their meant to defend the ship but we could use them for
attack."  Ayeka replies.

"Good,"  Piccolo says.  "since we can't control this
ship that's our only option I'll do it."

Ayeka shakes her head.  "Only some one from the
Royal Family can operate my ship."

Ayeka start to leave but Tenchi stops her.  "I'll go,
you need to stay here.  Just tell me what to do when I get
there."

Quickly Ryo'ohki transports Tenchi down what is
left of Ayeka's ship.  Ayeka appear on a screen overhead.
"Tenchi you must go to the control center, the tree in the
middle of the ship.  From their use the master key to extend
the Light Hawk wings."  Ayeka instructs.

"Got it." Tenchi replies.

Kagato watch the Light Hawk wings extend from
ship.  "Interesting strategy."  He comments.

Vegeta finally reaches Soja.  As he exits from his
pod, he looks out to see the Light Hawk wings open around
Ryo'ohki.  Once open the wings expand from their normal
defensive position to cover the whole front of the ship in
vaguely cone like shape.  The Wings explode outward from
the center firing at the Soja.  The Soja fires back and the
two energy fields tear each other apart.

Vegeta growls.  "That is impressive.  They might
even be able to challenge the Soja.  But then they might
damage it and destroy the Dragonballs.  I can't risk it."

Vegeta pull back both arms and feels the energy
build there, then he brings them forward in his signature
attack.  "Galet GUN!!!!!"  Vegeta shouts and fire a huge
ray of energy flies from his extended hands.  Vegeta's
attack streaks at Ryo'ohki.  Ryo'ohki still engaged with the
Soja is helpless to do anything about it.  The beam strikes
the bottom destroying the half that was Ayeka's ship
blowing it to pieces.  With Ayeka's ship destroyed the
Light Hawk Wings fade away.

"Well, I think that will take care of that.  Now to
find Kagato and teach him the power of Vegeta."  Grimly
the Saiyan heads into the ship.

Inside the hour glass Ryoko screams her fury, her
energy expands with such force that all the sand is forced
into the upper half of the hourglass before the entire thing
shatters.  Ryoko teleports out into the debris and searches
for Tenchi but find only a strip of cloth covered in red
blood.

With steal in her voice, Ryoko professes to the
universe.  "Kagato you have killed the one most dear to me.
Now I will make you pay.  I will make you pay!!!"

Inside Ayeka look over numerous view of the
wreckage.  "Tenchi!"  She says over and over.  "Tenchi!
Tenchi!  Tenchi!  Tenchi!"

She is only snapped out of her daze as Ryoko
teleports into the ship.  She is now life sized again and with
both arms.

Mihoshi says.  "Ryoko we thought you were
Kagato's prisoner."

Angrily Ayeka address Ryoko.  "I don't believe
this.  Well now that you've escaped, we can save Tenchi."

Ryoko interrupts.  "We must go.  We must confront
Kagato that's all that matters now."

Furious now Ayeka can barely keep from screaming
and grasps Ryoko's arm.  "Is that right?  I'll tell you what
we must do.  We must find Lord Tenchi and save him after
all we were here to rescue you the least you…"

Ayeka is cut off again as Ryoko fiercely shrugs of
Ayeka and hold up the bloody cloth.  "Tenchi is dead."
Ryoko says coldly.  "All that matters now is that we
confront his murderer.  I will kill Kagato.  I will KILL him.
Even if it kills me."

Gohan tugs at Ayeka's sleeve and says "Don't cry
Miss Ayeka if we get the Dragonballs back we can wish
Tenchi back just like my dad."

Ayeka dries her eyes and says.  "Thank you,
Gohan."

Ryoko takes off the earring on her left ear and if
fuses to her wrist.  Her outfit changes to equal parts red and
black.  "Ryo'ohki" Ryoko commands.  "Take us to Soja.
Ayaaaaaa."  Soja's and Ryo'ohki's energy fields collide.
"Hyaaaa"  Ryoko cries again and they punch though.
Energy ripples and warps as they crash into Soja.

Kagato laughs as he watches Vegeta angrily search
through Soja for him.  "Oh, Vegeta you would never find
your way here if I didn't will it.  In Soja, I am in control.
However, I think I will let you find Ryoko and her friends."
Kagato wills the view screen off and then walk over to his
organ and a play dark requiem as he waits for his guests to
arrive.

On earth, Sasami senses what happened.  Crying
she runs down from the shrine.  "Don't die Tenchi.  Please
don't die."  She trips and falls in her haste but gets back up.
She begins chanting.  "By the royal seal of my true name,
please open the path to our ancestors the space trees."  The
tree of Masaki shrine begins to glow as she continues.
"Heaven to ocean, ocean to earth," Sasami float into the air
and the seal on her forehead begins to glow and she
continues.  "earth back to heaven,"  light expands into a
rune like seal on the trunk of the tree as Sasami finishes.
"show me the path engraved by the light."  Sasami turns
into a shower of glowing sparks that funnel into the tree.
Then the glowing stops and the night is quiet once more.

With the power of Jurai Ayeka transforms her
clothes into a Jurai combat fatigues and Mihoshi's into a
Galaxy Police combat jumpsuit.  Ready for the worst
Piccolo, Krillin, Gohan, Ryoko, Ayeka, and Mihoshi leave
the ship. Ryo'ohki crashed into Soja teleports them into the
ship.  They are all split up each materializing in a different
passage.  They are almost immediately attacked by giant
floating heads which they each must defeat to progress
further.  Eventually all the corridors converge into one.
Piccolo, Ayeka, and Ryoko arrive first.  The wall before
them opens inward as if it were a curtain.

"It seems our host is waiting for us."  Ayeka
observes.

"It would be rude to keep him waiting."  Ryoko
adds.

"Lets go in and introduce ourselves."  Piccolo
finishes.

Gohan and Krillin quickly follow as the trio starts to
advance through the curtains.  Mihoshi is the last to make it
though the maze of attack heads.

"Wait for me."  Mihoshi calls out.

Vegeta taking yet another corridor and finally
emerges from the maze behind Mihoshi.  "Alright you twit.
Where is Kagato?  Tell me or I'll break every bone in your
body."  Vegeta snarls at Mihoshi.

"Don't come any closer.  Threatening a Galaxy
Police officer is a crime under statute 7 of the Galaxy
police code.  I place you under arrest for the crimes of
assaulting an office, endangering the public..."  Mihoshi
continues to stammer.

Vegeta is getting angrier by the second shouts.
"Didn't you hear me?  Where is Kagato where are the
Dragonballs?"

Mihoshi almost in tears continues.  "and attempted
murder.  If you come any closer I will fire on you, and that
would really hurt.  If you try to escape…"

Vegeta finally looses it and bellows as he attacks
Mihoshi.  Mihoshi holds out one hand and her glove shoots
hundreds of small blue projectiles.  The projectiles hit
Vegeta sealing him in a crystal like substance.  It becomes
quickly clear however that it will not hold Vegeta and
cracks start to form in the crystal.  Panicked Mihoshi pull
out her control cube.

Mihoshi desperately operates the control cube as
she continues babbling.  "then you'll be in real trouble."

Vegeta breaks free and he streaks toward her.
Vegeta slaps the control cube out of her hands.  In a flash
of light Mihoshi and Vegeta vanish just as Vegeta strikes
the cube.

Meanwhile in deep space, the two Jurai guardians
hold what is left of Tenchi in a glowing force field.  The
master key floats just above Tenchi glowing slightly.
Tenchi is badly hurt the lower half of his body is
completely gone.  From nothingness eight Light Hawk
wings open and a woman appears before Tenchi.  She is
clearly Jurai, she has long blue hair done back in long
ponytails as is traditional of Jurai women, large scarlet
eyes, two black dots on her forehead, and is dressed in the
style of Jurai royalty.  She moves to Tenchi completely
uninhibited by the energy field produced by the guardians.
For a long moment, she gazes upon Tenchi.  Then she
move into Tenchi and then they all disappear in a flash of
light.

Piccolo, Ryoko, Krillin, Ayeka, and Gohan unaware
of Mihoshi's plight enter into Kagato's sanctum.  A huge
throne like chair dominates the room at the top of a small
series of steps, two large cobra statues flank the
entranceway, and a huge organ is located just to the right of
the throne.  Kagato finishes the requiem and stands to greet
them as the last few note linger in the cathedral like room.

"Welcome to my chapel ladies, gentlemen, and
green creatures.  I hope you enjoyed the music."  Kagato
says cordially with a bow.

"This time you die, Kagato."  Piccolo says evenly
as though he just stated a fact rather then a threat.

"Stand back Ayeka."  Ryoko says.

However, Ayeka with a deadly energy field glowing
around her flies ahead of them attacking Kagato.
"Scumbag."  Ayeka shouts as their opposing energies meet
and clash.

Despite the intense energy, Kagato calmly asks.  "Is
that a term of affection or do you just not like me?  Your
surprisingly powerful but this chapel's force field
counteracts all energy that attacks it.  Now allow me to
teach you some manners."  Ayeka's energy field disappears
and she is thrown violently across the room.

Piccolo catches the unconscious princess and lowers
her safely to the ground.  Krillin raises his hand to his face
and shout out.  "Solar flair!"  Blinding light fill the room.
However when Krillin lowers his hand he find that Kagato
was unaffected this time he did not even blink.  An energy
beam from Kagato slams into Krillin burning him and
lifting him off his feet carrying him back until he slams into
one of the Soja's walls.  Ryoko tags Kagato with a blast
and comes at him with sword in hand ready to finish him.
Kagato however is faster, he evades her and grabs her by
the neck.  She struggles in his grasp.

Kagato says smugly.  "It seems you've lost a step or
two Ryoko."

To Ryoko's horror, Kagato turns her to stone and
then tosses her aside.  Piccolo attacks with a rapid series of
Kia attacks.  Piccolo sends hundreds of deadly energy
beams at Kagato but every one is deflected by Kagato's
shield.  Piccolo raises both his arms and they stretch
outward.  Piccolo's now tremendously long arms wrap
around Kagato.  Piccolo begins to squeeze Kagato,
crushing him in his powerful arms.  Kagato bellows in pain
and energy builds around him.  The energy pours out from
Kagato blowing Piccolo arms to pieces.  Piccolo drops to
his knees and shout in pain as two new arms grow in to
replace the old ones.  Piccolo tears free one of the snake
statues flies up and throws it at Kagato.  Kagato phases
though the snake completely unaffected.  Piccolo flies at
Kagato from above.  With a single blow so fast that Piccolo
never even saw it coming Kagato send Piccolo fling in a
new direction.  Piccolo stop himself just short of the wall
and turns to face Kagato.  Kagato throws his green energy
sword at Piccolo.  The blade impales Piccolo through the
chest pinning him to the wall.  Piccolo hangs there a
moment then the blade vanishes and Piccolo falls the floor.
Gohan look on in terror from the corner as one by one his
friends are defeated.  Ayeka limp form flies up off the floor
and over to Kagato.  Kagato takes off one glove reveling
nothingness beneath.  Kagato's invisible fingers crawl
across Ayeka's face as she floats in front of him
unconscious.

"You will show me the secret of Tsunami unit
princess Ayeka."  Kagato says sinisterly.

Vegeta and Mihoshi materialize in a mirror version
of the room they just left, Vegeta's momentum carries them
though the curtain into the next room.  The room is a mirror
of the chapel, that even now the rest of the group find
themselves in, with one notable exception instead of
Kagato's throne and organ a large crystal hold a short
young woman with long red hair is seemingly enshrined
there.  Vegeta quickly gets up off the floor.  Mihoshi
reaches for her control cube but Vegeta kicks it just out of
her reach.

With one hand extended to Mihoshi ready to fry her
if need be Vegeta asks her through clenched teeth.  "Where
are we?  What did you just do?  And for the last time,
where are the Dragonballs!?!"

Mihoshi crying her eyes out shakes her head.  "I
just don't know.  What is a Dragonball?  Is that like a game
or something?"

Vegeta is incredulous as he shouts.  "No you ditz is
a small orange sphere with stars on it.  Now tell me where
are they."

Mihoshi smiles at this.  "Oh, well isn't that one
there."  Mihoshi says indicating the seven star Dragonball
Vegeta has secured to his waist.

Vegeta angrily shout.  "I already know about that
one."

Mihoshi giggles.  "Then it was kind of a silly
question then wasn't it?  I mean you already knew the
answer."

Vegeta can scarcely believe this and shouts at the
top of his lungs.  "What, you, arrrrrrr!  Dolt!  Moron!  I, I
don't believe this!  That's it!  You hear me that is it!"

Vegeta growls in anger and his hand begins to glow,
but before he can fire he is attacked from behind.  The two
snake statues, now flesh and blood rather then cold stone,
attack Vegeta.  Mihoshi leaps out of their way and grabs
her control cube.  Vegeta punches one snake out of his
way.  The second snake bites at Vegeta and Vegeta quickly
dodges out of the way.  Vegeta fires a beam of energy at
the snake blasting it in the face.  Mihoshi franticly
manipulates her control cube once again.  "I reeeeally wish
I would have paid attention when Kiyone showed me how
to use this."  She wines.  Vegeta is about to follow up his
attack on the second snake when he is smacked out of the
air by the first snake.  It thrashes him with its tail from
behind.  Unnoticed by either Vegeta or Mihoshi; Mihoshi's
efforts with the control cube yields a surprising effect.  The
crystal holding the woman begins to crack.  The first snake
follows up its attack by biting Vegeta.  Vegeta strains
against its jaws as it tries to swallow him.  Vegeta holds his
own in until the snakes tongue wraps around his leg and
begins to pull him down.  Vegeta yells in furry as he is
slowly pulled into the snake.  The second snake with
nothing to kill look about and spots Mihoshi.  She screams
as the snake charges her.  She closes her eyes as the snake
lunges at her.  After a few moments when she is reasonably
she sure she is not dead, Mihoshi opens her eyes.  The
snake is just centimeters away mouth open and ready to eat
Mihoshi, but now it is once more harmless stone.

The small red woman walks past Mihoshi.  "Okay
take it easy you safe now."  She says as she walks past
Mihoshi.  "Thanks for setting me free.  I'll just get these
out of the way"  She waves her hand slightly and the snakes
disintegrate and Vegeta falls free.  The woman walks over
to Vegeta and looks at him a moment with her green eyes
as he gasps for air.  She yanks his tail.  "Humm, your not a
normal Saiyan.  You're an elite."

Vegeta musters his dignity when he speaks.  "I am
Vegeta prince of all Saiyans, a SUPER elite warrior and the
strongest Saiyan alive."

The woman looks at him a moment more before
walking away clearly losing interest in him.  "Yes, yes I
know.  Well no need to thank me for saving your life.  It
was really nothing.  Lets see now.  Ah, here she is."  With a
wave of her hand Ryoko still a statue appears.  "Well it
looks like nothings broken."

Vegeta interrupts her.  "What is the meaning of this
who are you?  What the hell is going on here?"

The woman never turns around but replies.  "Don't
be rude I'm getting to that.  Well if you must know you can
call me lil' Washu. (I am little aren't I?)"  With a snap of
her fingers Ryoko turns back to flesh and blood.  Washu
walks around inspecting Ryoko.  "That jerk tried to destroy
her.  Well I'll show him.  Your body is sagging a bit.  The
deterioration of your muscle definitely affects your ability
to fight.  It's also affecting your visual/psychological
tactics."

Ryoko grabs Washu roughly and says.  "Okay
pipsqueak.  Whether my body is sagging or not is none of
your concern.    What are visual/psychological tactics
anyway?"

Washu looses herself from Ryoko's grip and
answers.  "Why your sex appeal of course.  Still your better
of than Vegeta. With a face not even a mother could love."

Ryoko replies.  "I'll have you know my body shape
hasn't changed for the past 700 years.  What do you think
of that you smart aleck?"

Washu replies.  "What I think is that's no way to
talk to your mother Ryoko."

Ryoko's eyes widen as she asks.  "Who?"

Washu continues.  "That's right.  Not only did I
create you, I've created Ryo'ohki, the Soja.  I've created so
many things really.  But I used my ova for you so I'm more
like your mother than your creator.  In fact I am the greatest
scientific genius in the universe."

Vegeta interrupts having mustered his dignity once
more.  "Whatever.  If you're so great then where the hell
are we?"

Washu turn to Vegeta.  "Why were in the reversed
world.  A special dimension I added in the middle of Soja.
It's only one-way though.  In retrospect that probably was a
bad idea so I'm sure it was Kagato's."

Ryoko interrupts this time.  "Who cares about that?
How do I get to Kagato?"

Washu looks up at Ryoko.  "Want to take revenge
for Tenchi?"

Ryoko is taken aback by this.  Ryoko asks.  "How
do you know about Tenchi?"

Washu answers.  "Just as you are connected with
Ryo'ohki I am connected with you.  So I know; Everything.
I know how you feel about Tenchi.  You like him, you love
him, you've never felt like this before, and you'll do
anything for him.  On top of all that you want to do this and
that with Tenchi."

Both Mihoshi and Washu blush at this last
observation and Mihoshi asks.  "She's thinking about it
right now?"

Vegeta has had about all he can stand of this.  He
shouts.  "That doesn't matter the you said the kid's dead,
right.  How do we get to Kagato!?!"

Ryoko violently turns to Vegeta.  She almost hisses
at him.  "You shut up about Tenchi.  You part of this whole
mess to begin with."

Vegeta says back.  "How dare you talk that way to
me.  I'll do as I please.  Listen here you…"

Washu finally gets to interrupts someone as she
says.  "Ryoko you can go if you like.  For you it's a piece
of cake.  But could you do me a favor; please call me
mom."  Ryoko growls at Washu and teleports away.

Vegeta stairs as she vanishes then asks Washu.
"What?  How did she do that?  Tell me HOW DO I GET
OUT OF HERE!?!"

Washu patently addresses Vegeta.  "Well for you
it's a bit more difficult.  You see that was only an astral
body of Ryoko her physical body is still on the other side.
We however are trapped her as long as Kagato is alive.
Now as I was saying the entrance to this dimension is one
way from the normal world to the reversed world so…"

Vegeta violently grips Washu lifting her off her
feet.  He says menacingly.  "There must he a way out of
here and your going to tell me or so help me whatever
Kagato did to you will seem the most angelic kindness."

Washu extends one finger and presses it to Vegeta's
forehead a tiny jolt like static electricity crackles between
her finger and Vegeta.  Vegeta's eyes go wide for a
moment then he collapses to the ground dropping Washu.
Slowly Vegeta pulls himself off the floor.

Washu says.  "Now I trust you'll be a bit more
civil."

  Vegeta doesn't say anything just growls and turns
away.  Mihoshi asks Washu.  "Shouldn't we have gone
with Ryoko?"

Washu sighs and answers once again.  "We can't.
Once in the reversed world we cannot simply leave unless
Kagato is destroyed.  Please try to understand."

Mihoshi nods but then asks.  "So where are we
again?"

Back in the real world Piccolo drags himself off the
ground.  He holds onto the wall for support.  Piccolo
surveys the situation.  Gohan is nowhere to be seen,
Ryoko's a rock, Mihoshi is still lost some where, Krillin
still not recovered form the earlier battle now lies
unconscious on the floor, and Kagato is holding Ayeka
literally in the palm of his hand which though invisible is
clearly clenched over Ayeka's face.

Despite the fact that she is unconscious Ayeka cries
out as though speaking to some non-existent third party.
"Yosho?  Ohh! Tell me Yosho, what is it?  Tsunami?  Oh
no!  You're not Yosho!  Let me go. Let me go!  Let go!"

Piccolo lets go of the wall and walks forward.
"You herd the lady put her down."  Piccolo shouts.

Kagato ignores him and Ayeka screams.  "Help!
Please someone help me!  Tenchi!"

Suddenly Kagato pull back as though something
hurt him.  He puts his glove back on as her says.  "I see
Tsunami must be protecting those of Royal blood."

Kagato prepares to blast Ayeka into the next
dimension (and not the reverse world either).  Piccolo grabs
Kagato.  Piccolo directs as much energy as he can from
himself directly into Kagato bypassing his shield.

"Now is your time to die Kagato.  Say hi to Goku
for me."  Piccolo says to Kagato and laughs as Kagato
screams in pain.  Kagato's howl of pain however soon turns
into laughter.

"What?"  Piccolo gasps.

Kagato laughs at Piccolo.  "Excellent gambit you
know.  Very impressive it might even of worked too.  But
you know I just realized a very interesting fact your energy
is the same as the Dragonballs and since I leaned how to
tap their power, I can absorb yours as well."  Kagato states
triumphantly.

Kagato knocks Piccolo off his arm.  "You see, I
know the Dragonballs have much greater power then I have
been able to access so far perhaps you can tell me what I
am doing wrong."  Kagato says.  Kagato walks over to
Piccolo and reaches out.  Piccolo writhes as his energy
flows out of him and into Kagato.

Suddenly a small hand grips Kagato's arm.  "Stop
it.  Leave Piccolo alone you big bully."  Gohan commands.

Tenchi reappears the Light Hawk shields open
around him like a cocoon opening.  Tenchi's body is
restored and his entire form below the neck glow with
bright white light.  A strange and unique rune like marking
is on Tenchi's forehead, it consists of three stylized lines
converging just above Tenchi's eyes at the base of the nose.
Slowly Tenchi opens his eyes and looks about as tough
waking from a dream.

"Oh, where am I?  What happened to me?"  Tenchi
asks.

Unexpectedly a soft voice answers.  "Your alright
now."

Tenchi look up.  He is in a strange huge room.   The
room's wall are lost in darkness.  Water flows freely over
the floor.  Jurai trees each glowing with soft white light are
scattered though out the dark room.  Standing in front of
the largest and fullest of these trees just a few feet from
Tenchi is the mysterious woman who pulled Tenchi from
space.

"Huh?  Who are you?  Tell me where we are."
Tenchi asks her.

With a warm smile she answers.  "I am Tsunami,
the ship of Jurai, and we are inside of myself."

Bewildered Tenchi replies.  "Inside of you?  But
you're human.  Wait I get it you own this ship right?"

Softly Tsunami replies.  "No.  The owner of the
ship is Sasami."

Tenchi asks confused. "Sasami?"

"Yes" Tsunami continues.  "What I am is the mind
of the ship."

Tenchi asks.  "You're like a human version of
Ryo'ohki?  Oh, my god!  Ryo'ohki!  Where is every one?"

Tsunami looks a bit saddened as she responds.  " I
can detect Ryuo's key 70 light second away from us."

Concerned Tenchi asks.  "Are they still alive?"

Tsunami answers.  "I feel Ryuo's key responding
from within Soja."

Tenchi quietly adds.  "Alive."

Tsunami continues.  "They must be in close
combat."

"Combat?"  Tenchi says.  "Are they really fighting
over there on that ship?  Please take me there.  We have to
get in there."

Sadly Tsunami shakes her head as she tells him.
"Tenchi listen to me.  I cannot leave here.  On this journey
you will have to go alone.  Is that alright with you?"

Tenchi nods.  "That's alright with me."  He says.

"Well then, good luck Tenchi."  Tsunami finishes
and hugs Tenchi.  Tenchi never notices that in the water the
reflection is not of Tsunami but of Sasami.

"Shouldn't you be crying over in the corner?"
Kagato asks mocking Gohan.

Gohan doesn't answer but instead tries Piccolo's
tactic of directly transferring is energy into Kagato.  Energy
surges round Kagato but Kagato is unharmed.

"That won't work on me again."  Kagato states
angrily.

Kagato slams Gohan into the floor then raises his
handover his head.  The green energy sword once more
materializes into Kagato's hand.  Kagato starts the attack
intent on slicing Gohan in half, but suddenly is stopped
halfway though the attack.  Numerous small cylinders
appear around Kagato holding him captive.  Kagato quickly
looks around and locates the source.  Princess Ayeka
concentrates barely able to stay on her feet.

Ryoko once again in the land of the living shouts to
Gohan.  "Quickly hit him with every thing you have.
Ryoko and Gohan blast Kagato with all the energy they
have even Ayeka manages an attack or two.  Despite the
tremendous energy Kagato stands unharmed.

Energy crackles about Kagato as he says.  "Ryoko
so good to see you back and Ayeka such marvelous effort,
but its all for not."

Ayeka hisses back.  "You will pay for what you did
to Lord Tenchi!"

Washu goes over an extensive diagram of the Soja
she has drawn on the floor with Mihoshi as Vegeta grumble
sitting on a nearby stair.  In frustration Vegeta punches a
pillar.  The pillar cracks and Vegeta slowly brushes off the
stone splinters from it off his armor.

Washu finishes her explanation to Mihoshi.  "A so
as you can see indicated in these diagrams there is no way
out.  Absolutely none.  No way."

Mihoshi think for a moment and says.  "So I guess
what your telling me is that there is no way out?"  Washu
falls over in disbelief.

Vegeta shouts.  "Haven't you heard a word she
said?  What is wrong with you, she went over it six times.
You are an IDIOT.  Of course were stuck here and if you
ask her again I WILL kill you!"

Washu says.  "Chill out Vegeta.  Your just board
may be this will help."  A view of the battle going on with
Kagato appears.  Washu tosses a fan to Vegeta and
Mihoshi.  "Come on,"  Washu says and start cheering and
waving the fans.  "Ryoko!  Ryoko!  Go Ryoko!"  Mihoshi
joins in, while Vegeta angrily crushes the fan but watches
the fight.

Kagato fires a blast at Ayeka.  Ayeka's own shield
stops the blast from ever reaching her but she is thrown
back by the impact.  The cylinders disappear around
Kagato.  Gohan runs at Kagato, but Kagato points at him
and Gohan is sent flying backward.  Ryoko moves to attack
as well but is stopped short by a series of blasts from
Kagato.  Kagato then turns to Ayeka and moves towards
her.  Ayeka disappears in a blur of motion as Krillin whisks
her out of the way.  Kagato fires blasts at them and Krillin
moves with all his speed barely staying ahead of them, but
soon an explosion from one of the blasts catches him
throwing him and Ayeka forward and spilling onto the
floor.

In the reversed world Washu looks on in concern.
"Quickly Mihoshi give me you control cube."  Washu
deftly manipulates the cube.  In the real world Ayeka and
Krillin disappear and reappear in the reversed world just as
Kagato attacks again.  Washu laughs.  "Ha, we can't get out
but they can come here.  I'd like to see Kagato come here
and try to get them."

The words have barely left her mouth when Kagato
appears before them.  "Nice move Washu."  He says.
"Now that she is here for the moment she is beyond my
power."

Whatever Kagato was about to say next is lost as
Vegeta attack him.  Vegeta flies right through Kagato and
turn about angrily.  "Gallet Gun"  He shouts and fires a
huge energy attack at Kagato, but this to passes through
Kagato with no effect.

Washu says.  "He isn't really here Vegeta this is
only a projection.  Stop this now Kagato."

Kagato looks at her in disbelief and laughs.
"Washu what ever chance you once had of defeating me is
now gone.  Vegeta just ensured my victory."  The
Dragonball at Vegeta's side tears itself free and floats into
the air.  "A seventh Dragonball how simple it really was."
Kagato concludes and the Dragonball pulses as energy
explodes out of it and into Soja.

In the real world Piccolo cannot stop from
screaming as energy flows out of him and into Soja.  "Now
lets try a little experiment."  Kagato says.  Ryoko collapses
to the ground as the energy flows out of her and her gem
just as it does with Piccolo.

"What are you doing?"  Washu asks.  Kagato
gestures at the images and they change to a view of the
Earth.

Kagato explains to Washu.  "Oh nothing really just
a little experiment, just like the good old days.  Did you
think I learn nothing in the past two thousand years?  I am
no longer your student.  I admit I was never able to make a
unit as compact as Ryoko, but Soja can channel far more
energy the Ryoko could ever dream of.  Now that I have
tapped not only the full power of Ryoko's gems but the
Dragonballs, well you'll see."

Soja opens it's forward weapons array and energy
more intense then anything anyone present had witnessed
before builds up and then in a single titanic beam larger
then the earth itself fires.  The beam travels through space
heading to the Earth only to be stopped just short.  Ten
glowing Light Hawk wings appear in front of the Earth,
and though tiny compared to the on coming beam or even
the massive Soja they completely absorb the attack then
disappear.

"Tsunami the Jurai's most powerful ship so I was
right.  Amazing I don't understand how it can take so much
energy."  Kagato's gloating is interrupted as blasts begin to
rock the Soja.  "What?  I don't understand."  Kagato says.
The Light Hawk wings appear again and this time a mighty
Jurai ship appears in their center.  "Perfect."  Kagato says.
"Tsunami will be mine."  The other six Dragonballs appear
in the air above Kagato.  "It is time at last."  Kagato laughs.
Energy flows out of the Dragonballs and into Kagato.
Piccolo screams shriveling and fading away to nothingness
as the Dragonballs turn to stone.   All that is left of Piccolo
is a small wisp of smoke and the now worthless rocks fall
the ground.  Kagato undergoes a metamorphosis as the
energy pours into him.  He becomes larger, his features
shaper more demonic, his pupils expand till his eyes are
entirely glowing blood red, and his hair grow to a new
longer length about half way down his back.  "Marvelous
such power."  Kagato says in awe.  He extends one hand to
the view screen and says.  "Come to me Tsunami."  The
ship on the screen rocks as it is pulled in toward Soja.

In Tsunami Sasami cries.  "Tsunami, I scared.
Tenchi please hurry.  Save my sister."

Vegeta watches in horror in the reverse world.  He
picks up the single now stone Dragonball in the reversed
world.  He holds it is stunned disbelief as his last chance
for immortality is now nothing more than a round rock.

Kagato turn to Ryoko still unable to move.  "Now
Ryoko it is your turn.  Come and join with me.  I will have
all of you and your gems power."  Kagato says menacingly.
Suddenly Tenchi appears interposing himself between
Kagato and Ryoko, his sword pointed menacingly toward
Kagato.  Tenchi is dressed in a black outfit clearly Jurai and
meant for battle.  Behind Tenchi the two wooden Jurai
guardians appear by Ryoko.

"Oh, Tenchi your alive" Ryoko says.

"I'm no ghost." Tenchi replies.

"Welcome, I thought you were dead.  Everyone else
seems to be."  Kagato laughs.

Tenchi and Kagato prepare to fight, but before he
can Gohan interrupts almost chanting saying. "no." Then
louder and louder.  "no. no. No.  No.  No.  No!  No!  No!
No!  No!  NO!  NO! NO!!!!!!!!!"

Anger surges forth in Gohan's mind consuming
every thing until there is nothing except the anger and
Kagato.  Gohan roars most horribly and energy explodes
off him.  Kagato shields himself but Gohan's energy
continues to grows unchecked.  Soja rocks both in the real
and reversed worlds.  Kagato looks on in utter horror as
Gohan's power expands.  The Jurai guardians strain as they
shield Tenchi and Ryoko from the incredible power coming
from Gohan.  Washu cries.  "He's going to tear the ship
apart."  Finally Gohan screams deafeningly
"PICCOLO!!!!!!!!!!"  and attacks Kagato with all his
unbelievable force.  Kagato shield lasts for less then a
second and then Kagato is blasted by the overwhelming
energy.   Kagato yells as he is completely and utterly
consumed by the power unleashed by Gohan.

Gohan stands there in the room.  Back to normal
Gohan begins to cry.  "Mr. Piccolo…"  Gohan manages
between tears.

"Is dead kid,"  Kagato's mocking reply comes.
"and soon so shall you."

Kagato reappears behind the startled Gohan.
Kagato grabs Gohan and slams him into one of the room
many pillars with such force that Tenchi can fell it across
the room.

"Too bad all that was wasted on my shadow.  I
think I'll save you for later."  Kagato says and tosses
Gohan aside like so much trash.  "First I'm going to kill
you."

Kagato forms his sword and lashes out at Tenchi.
Tenchi skillfully defends himself with his own sword
generated by the master key.

Kagato proclaims.  "You've no chance.  Tsunami
can no longer help you.  You could have lived.  All you had
to do was stay away.  But now I shall kill you and still take
Tsunami."

Tenchi and Kagato blades meet and they strain
against each other.  "I would never stand by and let you kill
my friends."

Kagato laughs and presses Tenchi back.  "Well
that's alright with me, because not only do I have all the
Dragonballs but also all the gems."  Kagato brings his
blade down with such force that although Tenchi meets the
attack with his own blade is brought to his knees.  Kagato
next attack knocks Tenchi back onto the floor.

"Nooooo!"  Ryoko cries.  "Please Kagato don't kill
him.  You've won.  Please Kagato I beg of you."

Kagato actually stops.  He lowers his blade and
turns to Ryoko.  "You really do care for him don't you
Ryoko?"

While Ryoko pleads with Kagato, Tenchi lies back
and thinks to himself.  "I've failed I'm sorry I've failed you
all.  Even with this sword I cannot save even myself, much
less my friends."

A voice interrupts Tenchi's self pity.  "Tenchi, you
can defeat Kagato.  Listen my name is Goku, I've been
watching you.  That sword in nothing more then a tool, it
shouldn't even work there.  The power is within you, I can
sense it.  You must believe in yourself you have the
courage.  Get up and face Kagato.  Tenchi it's all up to you.
Some how you must get up or you, your friend and every
one on Earth will die.  No one else can help you not me, not
Ryoko, not even Tsunami.  You have the power you just
have to use it."

"Well don't worry Ryoko.  Soon you'll die too.
Tenchi won't go alone into death.  HAHAHAHAHA."
Kagato says.

He turns around to finish Tenchi.  Kagato is
surprised to see Tenchi on his feet, he is even more
surprised as Tenchi looks down at the master Key in his
hand and then tosses it away saying.  "I've depended on
this far too much."

Kagato laughs.  "Die Tenchi Masaki."

Energy explodes from Kagato blasting Tenchi the
blast envelopes Tenchi.  Tenchi is lost in the huge energy
wave and it tears apart everything in its path leaving a large
cloud of dust.  Kagato turn back to Ryoko hungry for the
kill only to look back into the dust cloud as something
glowing appears in it.  Tenchi steps out of the cloud the
strange rune glowing brightly one his forehead and three
shining Light Hawk wings before him.

Kagato gasp and screams.  "You, it's you!  You're
doing all of this."

Tenchi pulls the Light Hawk wings into him and as
they pass through him Tenchi's outfit changes to a new one.
This one is white and blue long ribbons hang off it and
Kagato can only stare at Tenchi transformed practically
glowing.  Tenchi summons up another Light Hawk wing
and as he reaches for it, it changes into a sword.  Then
Tenchi creates another, which shields him.

Kagato finally snap out of his awe inspire stupor.
"No."  He cries out.  "You will die.  Kill him."

As Kagato speaks several lethal looking crystal
gems appear and attack Tenchi.  Tenchi holds the sword
out and it changes again to a blade of intense energy.  The
new blade Tenchi cast outward the energy unleashes utterly
destroying his crystal attackers.  Tenchi creates another
sword and faces Kagato.

"Arraaah, you cannot stop me Tenchi as you will
soon see."  Kagato screams.  The he shouts and he attacks
with his energy sword once more.  "Now you mine!"

Tenchi and Kagato attack each other.  Their blades
meet in vicious combat.  Tenchi thrusts forward.  Kagato
parries sweeping the blade in a counter clockwise motion
forcing away Tenchi's attack and leaving Tenchi exposed.
With expert reflexes from years of his grandfathers training
Tenchi pulls back and frees his sword bringing it up back to
a defensive position.

Vegeta, Krillin, Washu, Ayeka, and Mihoshi watch
from the reversed dimension as Kagato and Tenchi's blades
meet again in another series of attacks.  Krillin looks in
wonder.  "They are both so powerful I can feel them here
even in another dimension."  Krillin says.

You can feel their power?  Tell me what is
happening."  Ayeka commands.

Krillin concentrates for a moment then says.  "Well
right now Tenchi has a the upper hand but only because
Kagato is still a bit tapped out from Gohan's attack, and he
is focusing most of his power on that ship out there.  Both
Tenchi and Kagato's power is growing but Kagato's is
growing faster.  If Tenchi can't do something quick Kagato
will over power him."

Vegeta speaks up suddenly.  "Never mind that tell
me about the kid!"  Everyone stairs at Vegeta.  Vegeta
repeats.  "Well what about the kid!"

Krillin concentrates and answers as Washu changes
the screen to move to Gohan.  Gohan sits back he is clearly
injured nursing the side of his head Kagato slammed into
the floor.  He stairs at Tenchi and Kagato clearly afraid of
the outcome.

Krillin says.  "Well, you mean Gohan right?  He
was super powerful now he is slowly coming back down to
normal."

Vegeta turns to Washu and asks.  "Can you project
my image into there the way Kagato did here?"

Washu stairs at him a moment trying to think of
what Vegeta hopes to accomplish then answers.  "Yes, yes
I can."

Vegeta responds.  "Then do it."

Kagato attacks again Tenchi blocks his swing but
Tenchi's arms ache from the force of Kagato's blow.
Tenchi attacks in a quick series slashes, but Kagato deflects
them all with his own sword each a little easier then the
last.  Vegeta appear behind Kagato.  Kagato doesn't turn
his head but glances at Vegeta quickly out of the corner of
his eye.

Kagato says.  "What do you want Vegeta.  On earth
you were nothing but hot air.  Now your nothing but light."

Vegeta responds.  "Your about to learn what it
means to cross Vegeta."

Kagato laughs.  "You are nothing Vegeta.   You're
nothing at all.   Your power is nothing; Tenchi exceeds it,
Ryoko exceeds it, even the boy Gohan is more then you
could ever hope to achieve.  You are the Price of a dead
people.  You are nothing and have nothing."

Vegeta pools energy into the palm of his hand until
it forms a glowing ball he holds out for Kagato to see.
Kagato glances his way once more.  Kagato laughs again.
Vegeta smiles back a vicious and menacing smile.  Vegeta
shouts, "Feel my wrath!" and shields his eyes as the orb
explodes into soft light.  Kagato begins to laugh but is cut
short as an inhuman roar fill the chamber.

Gohan screams again as he begins to transform, as
all Saiyans do when they see moonlight, from his normal
self into the giant wereape creature known as an Oozeru.
The transformed Gohan goes berserk smashing or blasting
anything he sees.  Soja rocks as Gohan unleashes his
power.

"No!!!" Kagato screams.

The energy flow from Ryoko stops as Gohan's
assault begins to take its toll.  Kagato flies out of Tenchi's
reach and lets go of his sword.  The sword rapidly rotates
around Kagato's open palm before launching itself at
Gohan spinning end over end chopping off Gohan's tail.
With his tails gone Gohan reverts to normal and collapse
exhausted from the ordeal.  Kagato lands and ignites a new
blade.

Kagato turn to Tenchi.  "Time to end this."  Kagato
says with grim finality.  Kagato and Tenchi stand about
twenty feet apart each take a grim look at the other.

"So be it."  Tenchi responds and the two charge
each other.

  Each takes a vicious swing at the other as they
pass.  Then turn to face each other.  A glowing line of
energy marks where Kagato's blade struck Tenchi.  The
mark glows for a moment then vanishes leaving Tenchi
unharmed.  Kagato stand silent for a moment watching
Tenchi.  A small slash appears on Kagato and he begins to
dissolve into a gray smoky mist.

"Tenchi, the same name as the master key.  Tenchi
can't be copied.  Excellent strategy Tsunami.  You've won
boy."  Kagato says calmly cordially and then finishes
dissolving and is no more.

The Light Hawk wings vanish and Tenchi is once
more dressed in the black Jurai outfit.  Every one in the
reverse dimension appears in the cathedral like room.
Ayeka and Mihoshi start to run to Tenchi only to fall flat on
their face.

Ryoko laughs as she trips them.  "I'm going to be
the first to hug Tenchi."  She starts towards Tenchi only to
find Ryo'ohki has already beaten her there.  She grabs the
cabbit and says.  "I said I am going to be the first to hug
Tenchi."

She then unceremoniously drops the cabbit and turn
to Tenchi again only to find Washu shaking Tenchi's hand.
Washu says.  "Hi my names Washu.  I like you.  Would
you like to be my ginny pig?"

Ryoko harshly grabs Washu away from Tenchi and
shouts.  "We need to talk, mom!"  She turns again this time
to find Sasami hugging Tenchi's waist.

"Oh, Tenchi I was so scared.  I' so glad your
alright."  Sasami says.

Vegeta pushes Sasami off.  "Enough of that," he
bellows.  "Tell me how did you DO that.  How did you get
so powerful?"

Ryoko grabs Vegeta.  "DIDN"T YOU HEAR
ME!?!"  Ryoko asks.

"Unhand me, woman!"  Vegeta shout back.  They
are on the verge of fighting when Soja lurches and start to
buckle.

"I guess the Soja took a little too much damage
from the fight and now with Kagato gone it look like it's
coming apart."  Washu observes cheerily.

"Let's get out of here!" Tenchi says.  And the group
quickly departs in Ryo'ohki as the Soja is destroyed.

The next day Azaka and Kamidake the two log like
Jurai guardians stand watch in front of the Masaki
residence.  Kamidake sighs.  "It looks like another beautiful
day on planet Earth."

A small explosion sounds from inside the residence.
Ayeka shouts.  "Unhand Lord Tenchi at once Ryoko what
do you think you doing."

Ryoko says.  "Tell her to go away Tenchi, you
know were meant to be together."

Tenchi says.  "Ah, please ladies."

Mihoshi can also be heard. "Oops."

Washu shouts "Aaaaah, don't touch that!"

Vegeta too can be heard.  "Tell me how did he did
it.  I am a Saiyan.  I must get stronger."

Krillin nervously says.  "Uh, I'm going to take
Gohan home now."

>From here it degenerates into unintelligible
argument.  "Yes" Azaka agrees. "Just another peaceful
day."


Authors Note:  I hope you enjoyed this story.  I am
planning on following it up with another.  The Masaki
Residence Saga/No need for Vegeta is my working title.
This will be a somewhat more original story.  Vegeta will
be staying with Tenchi and crew.  Please send me some E-
Mail I would like to here some feedback.  Also please tell
me who is your favorite character in Tenchi and it DBZ.


A.K.A. Animus Cain

Later.

