Disclaimer: Like I said before, I still don't own Little Shop of
Horrors or Tenchi Muyo.  The people who make Tenchi and Little Shop are pure

Geniuses.  Like Washu.  Or Mihoshi...well maybe not Mihoshi but defiantly
Washu.  Only the people at Vis, Pioneer, and Geffen aren't insane weirdoes.

   Tenchi Shop of Horrors
  Part the Second   No need for Ryoko II

Tenchi stared in awe at his surroundings.  "What the HELLO is this?"
he demanded.  "Where am I," He looked at the building across the street.
"Skid Row Florist?  What?  Ryo-ohki? That can't be right!"
The sign read, "RYO-OHKI'S SKID ROW FLORIST."  Tenchi stared at it
for countless minutes.  Then, he saw a familiar face.  Actually, it wasn't
that pretty.
"Kagato!" shouted Tenchi.  But in a second, the face was swept away,
lost in the crowd of bums and workers.
Ryo-ohki opened the door to the shop and called out, "Miya!  Tenchi,
are you gonna stand there all  day, or are you commin' to work?  Miya!
Sheeze,
the things I gotta put up with.  Miya."
"What! You can talk?" called Tenchi, running across the street.
"I've been able to talk every day we've known each other," the female
cabbit replied.  "Miya miya, did you get the carrots?" Ryo-ohki now had a
pleading look on her face.
Tenchi was suddenly aware of the carrots in his hand.  He handed them
to Ryo-ohki.  "Here you go.  Nice and fresh."
Ryo-ohki was pleased with this.
It was then that something dawned on Tenchi.  Ryo-ohki's SIZE!  She
was at least as tall as Sasami.
"Ryo-ohki, how long have you been this Big?" asked Tenchi.
"Um...since I stopped growing?  Whattya mean?  I've been like this as
long as you've been my assistant."  She shook her head and mumbled,
"Honestly.
Miya," and went inside. "You have no Idea how late you are.  It's noon o'
clock and No, I mean that!"
Ryoko walked into the store.  "Tenchi, Where are we?"
"Geezum H. Crackers, have you gone nuts?  What's with you?" asked
Ryo-ohki. "Now COME On."  Ryo-ohki started to read the newspaper.
Suddenly, memories came to Tenchi.  Memories of his life-no, not his
life.  Someone else's life.  "You're Tenchi.  No last name," said Tenchi.
"When you were little, you were orphaned.  Ryo-ohki took you out of the Skid

Row home for Boys and gave you a job here.  Now you are very poor, and poor
looking," he added, looking at himself.  "And the shop's business is
Nonexistent!"
His old life was meaningless.  He could not see it through his own
eyes.  It was like a book he had read.  Or a movie he had seen.
Ryo-ohki walked in the room, very happy.  She looked at Tenchi.
"Tenchi, there's something I want to say."
"Yeeees?" asked Tenchi.
"BUSINESS IS LOUSY, I'M CLOSING DOWN, YOU'RE BOTH FIRED, I QUIT!"
Shouted Ryo-ohki.
Ryoko rushed in.  Actually, there was a thump on the door, and then
she rushed in.  "You can't do that, Ms. Ryo-ohki!" she yelled.
Maybe, thought Tenchi, If I bring something to attract business, she
won't shut down!  It's worth a shot.
"Ma'am," said Tenchi, "if I brought up something to attract business,
would you keep the shop running?"
"Like one of you're strange and interesting plants?" asked Ryo-ohki.
"Um...yeah," said Tenchi.  "Where do I keep them?"
"In the basement, where you live," said Ryo-ohki.
Tenchi gave a hopeless look to Ryoko, and Ryoko shrugged.
Downstairs, there was a strange plant down there, and NO, that is not
a typo.  It had a pod, and petals all around it.  It was labeled, "Ryoko II.

"Well, II, I guess you'll have to do," said Tenchi, having no idea if
this plant was regular in this world or not.
Everyone gaped when Tenchi brought up Ryoko II.
"What the is that, Tenchi?" asked Ryo-ohki.  She sniffed it, to see
if it was some form of carrot.
"I don't know," said Tenchi.  "But I call it 'Ryoko II.'
"After me?" asked Ryoko.
"NO DUH, SMART!" said Tenchi.
Ryoko then did a squeak that no one but her and Ellen Green can do.
It worked like a charm.  Customers were in and out all day till closing
time.  Ryoko was proud telling people the plant was named after her.  Ryoko
II
seemed to be enjoying the publicity.  It appeared to smile.
When the day was done, Ryo-ohki said she could take them out to dinner.
Ryoko politely refused, saying she had a date.  Ryo-ohki knew who this
abusive
date was, and told her not to, but she said she must.  As Tenchi asked if he

could go to the dinner place, Ryoko II wilted.
"You're not going anywhere, Tenchi!  You're staying right here and
taking care of that...watchyamacallit, thingamabobber, uh...Plant!  Ryoko
II!"
"It's been giving me trouble," said Tenchi from out of the blue.
Not a lie.  It had.  "The Ryoko II is not a healthy girl."
"Neither is Ryoko I," sighed Ryo-ohki.  "I'm worried about her.  She
thinks she can go through walls, and she always tries to make a "laser
sword,"
Tenchi took Ryoko II down to the basement.  "Ah, Twoie," he said.
"Twoie, Ida know what else to do for you.  Miss Ryo-ohki and Ryoko just met
you, so we don't know what they'll think of you.  I've given you sunshine,
you've given me hurt.  I've given you dirt, you've given me heart ache.
Now please, grow for me."  Tending to the plant, nothing seems to work.
Giving up on the hopeless task, Tenchi goes to fix up the room.  He pricks
his
finger on roses, and it starts to bleed.  Suddenly, he hears a sucking
sound.
It's Ryoko II!  "I wonder what made you do that," Tenchi states.
Tenchi offers it his bleeding finger to pet it.  Ryoko II snaps
at his finger opening it's pod. Tenchi offers his finger again.  Again, it
snaps.  Tenchi holds his finger real close.  The pod holds it's pod open.
Then, Tenchi offers Ryoko II his other finger.  The pod turns away, snubbing

him.  "I think I know what made you do that.  Well, I guess a few drops
couldn't hurt.  Long as ya don't make a habit outta it or anything.  Looks
like your not happy unless I open a vein."  Tenchi give the plant a few
drops.
Ryoko II is ecstatic.
As Tenchi leaves, the plant grows...and grows...and grows...until it
is about a foot and a half tall!

End of Part II

You can still E-mail me at StanleyA1@aol.com.
Tell me how much you hated Ryo-ohki's position as Mr. Mushnik.
