Tenchi's Guest Saga Part 1: Saiyan Struggles (or No Need for the 
Dimension Tuner)
Tenchi Muyo! doesn't belong to me!!! All Copyrights are not mine! This 
crossover contains DragonBall Z, which also isn't mine!!!!

	It was a normal day at the Masaki household. Sasami was cooking, 
Washu was working in her lab, Ayeka and Ryoko were beating the crap out 
of each other, and Tenchi was working in the vegetable garden. After an 
hour or two, the gang went inside for lunch. 
"Man Sasami, that was great!" said Ryoko. Shortly after that, someone 
knocked at the door. 
"I wonder who that can be?" said Tenchi as he walked over to the door. 
It turned out to be a 12 year old boy..
 "Can I please stay for a while?" said the boy. 
"I am homeless, hungry, and need shelter, seems to be on its way.." 
Tenchi let the boy in. Sasami looked at the boy and saw hearts all 
around him... "Would you like some lunch?" she said. 
After a minute, the boy ate about 15 bowls of food. 
"Wow! That was great! Thank you...um.." 
"My name is Sasami " said Sasami who was slightly blushing.
"Thank you. My name is Leo." 
Sasami then introduced everybody "this is Tenchi, he took us all in 
too, this is my sister Ayeka, this is the Space Pirate Ryoko, this is 
Nobuyuki and grandfather Yosho, and this is the genius Washu." 
Leo then said "Pleased to meet you all." 
Tenchi said, "Grandpa, isn't it time for my training?" After Yosho 
agreed, Leo said, "Can I train with you guys?" At the shrine, Tenchi 
pulled out his magical sword and showed it to Leo. "Wow, cool!" said 
Leo. "I am trained in the art of sword fighting also. Check out my 
sword." Leo then pulled out a sword handle with a fancy crest. The 
second he pulled it out, a blue beam-like blade shot out of it. It was 
twice the length of Sword Tenchi! 
" I call this the Atma Weapon" said Leo.
After about one hour of training, the three returned to the house. By 
then it was almost dinnertime, so Sasami was cooking in the kitchen. 
Leo smelled Sasami's cooking meal and commented her on the great smell. 
Sasami blushed as she heard his comment. That night after dinner, Leo 
showed Ryoko that a few dodging techniques that could save her life. 
Ryoko said 
"Wow, I didn't know how effective these really are!"
 "If you need anymore help, call for me" said Leo. 
Washu gave him a tour of the lab. "Whoa, what's this thing!" asked Leo 
as he marveled at a gigantic machine with an eyeball-like thing in the 
center of a tube. Washu replied, "This is my dimension tuner. It can 
take your most wanted dream world and make it reality. I made one 
before, but I had to destroy it. Now, it takes you to the world you 
want, it doesn't bring it to you." Leo then said, 
"When you come back to the real world, would you keep the things you 
received from traveling to your fantasy world?" 
"Good idea!!!!" yelled Washu, as she got to work. After a few minutes, 
she replied, "Now it can give you the possessions of your personal 
world, but it is still in the testing stage"
 "I will test it for you, Washu!" said Leo. Washu replied, 
"Well, it is risky, but OK" Leo then set his world, the giant eyeball 
fixed on him, and he then vanished. A second later, he returned, with 
all new powers, but no one knew that just yet. 
The next morning, Sasami was talking to Ayeka about her crush on Leo. 
"What do you think I should do?" asked Sasami. Ayeka replied, "You just 
have to wait until the right moment, then tell him how you feel." 
"Thank you" said Sasami as she walked toward the kitchen. 
Leo woke up and walked outside, eager to test out his new powers. He 
then began to train, powering up, an aura began to surround him. He 
powered up a blast, which blew up a miles worth of forest. 
"Whoops" He then decided to walk away slowly...
"Breakfast is ready!" said Sasami. She prepared an extra special meal 
for everybody because of the new houseguest. 
"This looks delicious!" said Leo. After everybody dug-in, a low humming 
noise could be heard. 
Everybody ignored it. But after 5 minutes they didn't. The sound was 
booming! Leo went outside and looked up at the sky. 
"What IS that!?" Ryoko came out shortly after and found out what that 
gigantic thing in the sky was. "No, no! Not again!!!!!!" The whole gang 
looked up in fear as he returned.. 
Just then they were suddenly in the space ship that hovered over the 
household. Then he turned towards them. 
"Kagato!!!" Everybody said in unison. 
"Ah, all my old friends. Come to wish me good health, maybe?" 
Tenchi then screamed "But how are you alive!?!?!??!" 
Kagato then began. "Well, after you destroyed my with the Light Hawk 
Wings, I was a pile of pieces in space. A friendly race of low-lives 
took me in and completely healed me. What they didn't know is that I 
had plans for them. Even though they restored me, I tested my strength 
by blowing up their planet. And here you see me! As good as new! Hey, 
who's the brat?" 
"My name is Leo." "Ha! A human! You probably couldn't even scratch me!" 
As Kagato rambled on insulting Leo, Leo's new powers started to boil.. 
Tenchi then said "Leo, step aside, if the Light Hawk Wings will work 
once, they will work again" Tenchi then transformed, swung the sword, 
but Kagato just held it laughing. 
"Oh, come on! Not that trick again!" He then flung Tenchi across the 
room. The whole gang gasped as the Light Hawk Wings failed. 
"I forgot to mention. The fools that saved my life gave me a resistance 
to all things holy!" said Kagato. Kagato then started to insult Leo 
again, with more powerful words..then came the last insult. "You 
probably fight like a girl!" That was the last straw. The mirror inside 
Leo..shattered. 
"AAAARRRRRGGGGGGHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!" screamed Leo as he flew at Kagato, 
punching and kicking him furiously, punching him in the stomach over 
and over, then kicking his back, kneeing his stomach, then elbowing the 
back of his neck. Kagato was thrown into the wall. "Well, I 
underestimated you, boy." 
Washu then thought back to last night.."Will you keep the powers you 
had in your fantasy world?" "So that's what he got from his world! 
Strength! But there may be more..." 

That is when Leo spoke out "There is one thing to do. That little match 
up we just had  was only round 1. Now it's time for round 2!!!!!" 
Just then, a golden aura surrounded Leo. His hair started to silently 
float. His eyes turned blank. All of a sudden, his muscles bulked up 
and he screamed. His hair was spiked and golden. And his eyes were 
green. He was a Super Saiyan. 
He then lunged at Kagato, all ambitions were to kill him. They fought 
for what seemed like for ever. Leo, the newly formed Super Saiyan, then 
beat Kagato, or did he? 
"WHAT!?!?!?" screamed the whole gang. 
Leo said "I have an idea! Tenchi, think fast!" Tenchi caught what Leo 
threw at him. It was an earring. 
"There's no time to accessorize!" yelled Tenchi. 
"Just put it on!" said Leo as he put his earring on his left ear. When 
Tenchi put his on his right, they flew at each other. 
There was only 1 person standing were the 2 were. 
"I am not Tenchi nor Leo, but a person created from them. I am Lenchi!" 
Lenchi then fought Kagato more furiously. In the spirit-room where 
Tenchi's and Leo's souls were sent to control their new body, Leo said 
"Hey, why don't we transform using the Light Hawk Wings?" Just then, 
Lenchi did just that. When he swung his sword, Kagato was cut in half, 
just like last time. The ship then started to shake violently. 
Ayeka spoke. "With his last breath, Kagato is trying to destroy us 
along with himself. He is making the ship collapse!" 
They had to find an escape route, and quickly! After they found one, 
they quickly escaped. Lenchi then started to say strange syllables ...
 "KAAAAAAAAA MEEEEEEE HAAAAAAAAAA MEEEEEEEEE HAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!" 
He then fired a beam at the ship, destroying it and Kagato's body with 
it. Lenchi returned to the dimension tuner and lost his powers and un-
fused once again creating Leo and Tenchi. But, he never told Washu to 
destroy the machine.... 
Sasami decided that it still wasn't the right time, so she was going to 
wait. But how long is Leo going to stay?, she asked herself.

Well, I hope you enjoy my first Fan Fiction! More of the Tenchi's guest 
saga to come! I will accept all feedback, fan-mail, or hate-mail! 
