*DISCLAIMER*
I DO NOT BY ANY MEANS OWN TENCHI OR ANYTHING RELATING TO DRAGONBALL Z (EXCEPT
THE 4 CHARACTERS I MADE UP).  ZERO, D-SHADE, DOUBLE S, AND GREY FOX ARE
PROPERTY OF BMSCAIFE@AOL.COM.  IF YOU WANT TO READ PREVIOUS ADVENTURES THAT
HE HAS WRITTEN, CHECK OUT THE TENCHI MUYO FAN FIC ARCHIVE.  KEEP IN MIND
THAT
HE IS A PERVERT SO HIS STORIES WILL BE IN THE LEMONS SECTION.  NOBODY SUE ME
BECAUSE THEIR EFFORTS WOULD BE FOR NAUGHT.

**THIS IS NOT A PART OF ZERO'S STORY LINES.  THIS IS MERELY A SPINNOFF**

LAST TIME ON TENCHI BALL Z:

    Everybody finally woke up, only to realize that they had died in the
explosion earlier.  As could have been expected, the proverbial "shit" hit
the fan when after a slap by Mia, Zero let fly a few ill chosen words,
causing Mia to have a near nervous breakdown.  Which made Chazo furious.
Thanks to some quick thinking by Zero, he stopped Chazo with a Mental
Neuralizer.  After a while they got a message from the Grand Kai, inviting
them to an Afterlife Tournament.  After a few introductions, they met the
North Kai.  After a few jokes and laughs, they were ready to receive the
North Kai's training.  Will they actually learn something?  Or will they end
up showing the North Kai up?  Find out today on Tenchi Ball Z!

NO NEED FOR CONSTANT SORROW

The Grand Kai had just held the opening ceremonies for the hyperbolic time
chambers.  Unfortunately, Ryoko had once again been complaining that she was
hungry, so when they got done eating, they were the last ones to sign up to
use them.

Chazo was pretty angry, "Dammit, does she always whine and make problems for
other people?"

"Yeah pretty much." Answered Tenchi.

Ryoko glared at him, "Wadduya mean, 'pretty much'?"

As Tenchi backed off, Zero scratched his head, "Well, since we're going to
have to wait a while, we might as well train on the outside.  Nothing much
else to do."

He looked of to the left.  Chazo had walked off and was in the distance
smoking a joint.  He seemed to be deep in thought.  As Grey Fox walked over
to him, Chazo sat down on the soft grass.

"Hey," said Fox, "What's up?"

Chazo didn't respond.

"Look, we're sorry about earlier."

Chazo looked at him confused.

"I mean about the explosion and us being here."

Chazo looked down, "Yeah."

Grey Fox looked at the sky.  Chazo didn't seem to be in that  much of a
conversational mood.

"I'm sorry too."

Grey looked at Chazo, who continued to stare off into space.

"Hit?"

Grey took the joint and took a small drag from it.  He let out a small smoke
ring.

"Hmph.  Like that shit huh?"

Grey coughed.  "This is pretty good stuff."

"Damn.  If you like that–" Chazo went over into his bag and pulled out a
foot
long, three inch wide joint.  As he sat back down, Grey's eyes bulged.

"Where'd you get that?!"

"Here take a hit."

Chazo handed the joint-cigar to Grey and lit up the end.  After the first
couple of puffs, Grey was soon droopy-eyed and almost ready to fall asleep.

"What's in this stufph mayn?"  Grey was slurring his speech.

"Um, some cronic, Michuacan, home grown, and Lab."

Grey looked confused, "Lab?"

"Yeah Labrador."

"What's that?"

"It's dog shit man."

"What?"

"Well see I just made my stash and set it on the table.  When I walked away,
my old dog jumped up and ate the entire thing.  I had to follow him around
with a plastic baggie for three hours."

"Damn.  I wonder what Great Dane tastes like."

Chazo seemed a little concerned.  "Here man you look a little messed, take
some of this it'll wake you up."

He handed Grey two large white pills.  Grey Fox downed them immediately.

"Oh wait," said Chazo, "Don't take those man."

"But I already took em."

Chazo bust out laughing.  Grey's attitude changed from sleepy, to frantic
and
paranoid.

"Hey, what was that shit man?!"

"You just took the most acid, I have ever seen anyone take in my entire
life!
 I hope you're not doing anything for about a week."

Grey seemed frightened and scared.  He was looking around franticly, and
almost on the verge of crying.  "Hey I never had no acid before man!  That
shit's gonna fuck me up man!  Oh man!  Oh man, I'm gonna die!"

Chazo saw this and shouted, "HEY MELLOW OUT MAN!"

Grey stopped and looked at Chazo scared.

"Just chant with me man."  He pressed his hands together.  "Ohmmmmmmm."

Grey imitated him, trying to do the same thing.  "Ohhhhhhhhmmmmmm."

"Oooooooohhhhhhhmmmmmm.  Meeeeelloooooooowwww."

After a few moments of this, Grey soon felt calm and at ease.

"Feel better?"

"Yeah."

"Really?'

"Uh huh."

"RAAAAAAAGGGGGGGHHHHHH!" shouted Chazo scaring the living shit out of Grey.
Also it seemed he scared the acid out of him too.

Chazo got up and walked away, giggling to himself like a madman.  He tricked
another person.  Goku was even laughing at that.  In fact, everyone who was
watching was laughing their heads off at Grey's expense.  Grey was
red-faced,
and his eyes shone pink with embarrassment.  Kiyone walked up to him and
gave
him a big hug.

"Don't worry hon.  They're bound to forget about this soon."

The next day, Grey woke up refreshed and ready to try and have somewhat of a
good time.  As soon as he walked out of his tent, Aqua greeted him.

"Hey, joint man!"

Grey immediately slunk back into his tent and went back to sleep.

When Chazo woke up, he started the campfire.  He was all ready to make
breakfast.  Then he remembered that he didn't have any ingredients.  But
thanks to a technique he absorbed from Zero, that wouldn't be much of a
problem.  He placed two fingers on his forehead and disappeared.  When he
came back he was holding a canvas bag loaded with cheese and eggs.  He got
out the frying pan, whisk, and cheese grater and began cooking like crazy.
Soon, with the magic of cooking, people came out of their tents.  First
Ryoko, Jeigo, Sasami, and then everyone came out in a rush to see what Chazo
was making for breakfast.

Chazo Just finished what looked like scrambled eggs.  "Here, he handed out
plates, "Help yourselves."

As Sasami took a spoonfull of eggs, she saw a long gooey trail coming from
it.  "Eeww.  What is this?"

"It won't kill you.  Just eat it."

Sasami took a bite and immedietly smiled.  "That's some of the best
scrambled
eggs I've ever had!"

Jeigo took a bite, and memories filled his head.  "Damn, I haven't had this
in ages.  Boy, it sure brings back memories."

Zero took a bite, "Memories of what?"

"Of when we used to live in America."  Answered Chazo.

ooFLASHBACK SQUENCEoo

Chazo was sitting on the street corner.  It was snowing lightly and he saw
his breath mist as he exhaled.  He was wondering what he was going to cook
for breakfast.  He, Shou, and Jeigo had made a promise to each other to not
steal anything no matter how poor they were.  But it had been days since
they
last ate.  And the days were getting colder.  He knew there was no
alternative.  He snuck up to the nearest store and crept inside very
carefully.  Luckily for him, there were a lot of people, so it would be easy
for him to sneak out among them.

He walked up to the next to the dairy isle and stuffed a carton of eggs in
his pants.  Then he walked over and stuck a block of cheese in his pants
along with the eggs.  As he was walking out of the store the manager came up
to him.

"Excuse me sir, mind if I search you?"

"No but I'll kill you when you're done."

The manager let him go on through.

When he got back to their little camp, Jeigo and Shou had already started
the
campfire and were warming themselves by it.  As they saw Chazo coming toward
them with grocery bags, they immediately got suspicious.

Jeigo sttod up, "Hey Chazo, where'd you get those?"

Chazo played dumb, "Get what?"

"Those eggs and cheese.  Did you steal them?"

"Ok see, what happened, is I was taking a walk on the path, and these bags
mysteriously appeared in my hands."

Jeigo slapped his little brother right in the face.  "Don't insult my
intelligence.  You stole those!"

Chazo had tears in his eyes, "Dammit did you want to go hungry?  I did what
I
had to do so that we could eat!"

Shou walked up to them, and spoke with his wisdom of being a Namek.  He took
the bags away from Chazo, "Look at you two.  Hunger has made you both crazy.
Jeigo, it was foolish of us to think that we wouldn't resort to this.
Chazo,
although I commend you for your thoughtfulness, stealing is still wrong."

Jeigo smiled, "Then we give them back?"

Shou shouted, "Hell no!  I'm hungry as Fat Albert in a Sizzler bar!"

ooRETURN TO REALITYoo

Zero was kind of shocked.  He never thought of Chazo as a guy who lived
poorly.  He respected him for that somewhat.  After everyone ate and had
their fill, they got down to the serious business of training.  Chazo and
Zero decided they would show each other a couple of moves.

"Hey Chazo, here's a move that Goku taught me."

Zero put his two first fingers to his head and instantly disappeared.  When
he arrived on the other side of the planet, he turned around and was
surprised to be inches away from Chazo's face.

"How…did…you…do…that?"

Chazo smiled, "C'mon Zero, you already taught me this move."

Zero was very confused, "When did I teach you that?  I never taught you
anything before."

"Think back.  Our first battle was when you taught me that clever move.  In
a
manner of speaking."

"Huh?"

"Don't strain yourself, I'll just explain it to you.  When you absorb
somebody or something, you acquire some knowledge from them.  When I
absorbed
you, I learned two of your best attacks: the Kamehameha and the Instant
Transmission."

Zero smiled, "Well, at least you didn't learn my specialty attack."

"And what's that?"

"The Inner Blast."

"Hmm, show me."

Zero picked up a rock from the ground.  Then he focused some energy into it
and the rock began glowing.  Then, it stopped.  He threw the rock into the
air, not closing his hand.  When he clenched his fist, the rock exploded
with
an amazing force.  Chazo even shielded his eyes from the blast.  He was
stunned, he never saw anything like that.

"How did you do that?"

"My secret."

Chazo smiled, "We better get back to the others.  Let me do the work this
time."

Zero put his hand on Chazo's back, and they disappeared.  When they
returned,
some of the others were in a heated argument.  Chazo seemed kind of
bewildered.

"What the hell is going on here?"

D-Shade pointed at Jeigo, "This asshole says that Meadowlark Lemmon was a
type of desert!"

"It is!" protested Jeigo, "the Meadowlark Lemon Meringue!  We had it when we
were in Harlem."

"Meadowlark Lemmon was one of the star players for the Globetrotters."

"The what?"

"Oh yeah, we're over a hundred years in the future.  The Harlem
Globetrotters
were a basketball team that played in their own league.  They were mainly a
bunch of pranksters.  They really didn't play, they just had a lot of fun."

"O…K?"

One of those giant sweat drops fell down D-Shade's head.  Obviously, this
wasn't going to go anywhere.  He decided to change the subject.

"Any ways, we should try to practice.  Hmm, how bout we start with the
kamehameha?"

Chazo smiled, "I can teach 'em that!"

"Are you kidding?" asked Gohan.  "You can't teach shit!"

"WHAT WAS THAT!?"

"You heard me."

Chazo glared at Gohan with red eyes, "Just shut your mouth little boy,
before
I shut it for you."

Gohan jutted his chin out, "You just try it!"

Chazo smiled, "You insinuating that I can't do the Kamehameha?"

"Insinuating?  No, flat out telling you!"

"Watch this then."

Chazo cupped his hands and shouted, "KAAAAAAAAAAMAAAAAAAAAAY
HAAAAAAAAAAAMAAAAAAAAAAAY…,"  He threw his hands at a nearby building that
appeared to be unused, "HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!"

An extremely powerful blueish-white light emitted from his hands and totally
annihilated the building, leaving the Grand Kai sitting on the toilet, in
the
middle of the debris, totally freaked out.

"Hey what in the hell do you think you're doing!?  This was my favorite
bathroom!"

Chazo felt extremely embarrassed and ashamed.  He put his arms down and
lowered his head.  The Grand Kai walked right up to him and continued
shouting at him.

"You idiot!  How dare you destroy something on my planet without my
permission!  You just can't stop causing trouble when you come up here!
You're a disgraceto your Kai!  Now fix this mess before I ban you from the
tournament!"

Chazo looked extremely horrible, which surprised Goku.  Chazo seemed so
embarrassed.  He began to slowly pick up the pieces and fuse them back
together to what the building used to look like.  He almost seemed to be on
the verge of tears, but he tried to hold them back.

After he was about halfway finished, the Grand Kai yelled out, "Ok
everybody,
chow time!"  He saw Chazo sigh in relief, "Not you.  You haven't finished
your job yet."

Chazo sunk his head back down, and continued his work.  As Zero and everyone
else were eating, he looked over at Chazo, and felt sorry for him.  He
looked
at his food and back at Chazo, indecisive about something.  Chazo didn't
have
the strength to put the rest back together, so he knew he wasn't eating
until
maybe tonight.  Then, he saw Zero walking toward him, with a paper-wrapped
object in his hand.  Chazo figured Zero was just going to eat in front of
him
and gloat.

Zero put down the object, "Need dome help?"

Chazo smiled, "Thanks.  I appreciate it."

And together they began to fix the bathroom, together.  After about 20 more
minutes, they finished.  Chazo sat on the ground, tired.  "Damn.  That was
the biggest freaking bathroom I ever saw!"

Zero sat down next to him and handed the package to Chazo, "Here, this is
yours."

Chazo unwrapped the parcel to reveal a sandwich.  Chazo chuckled.  Had he
actually made a friend?

Zero stood up, "Don't you think this means that I want us to be all
buddy-buddy from now on."

Chazo stood up and shook Zero's hand, "I wouldn't have it any other way."
He
gave half the sandwich to Zero, "Here, for helping me out."

Chazo and Zero ate the sandwich together, and talked about their past
history.  Chazo started walking toward the kitchen, "Hey wait, I've been
saving something."

He went back over to his bag and rummaged around for a while, when he pulled
out a large jug marked, "XXX."  "Here, catch, but don't drop it."

He tossed the jug over to Zero.  Zero looked at it, "What the hell?"

Chazo smiled, "Trust me, just take a swig."

Zego opened the bottle and took a drag from the bottle.  His face turned
red,
he felt as if his mouth was on fire.  He swallowed the burning liquid and
started gasping for air.  "Whaa…the…hell…was…that?"

"Moonshine, brother.  Tastes good huh?"

"Tastes like acid man!  Where'd you get this shit?"

"Made it myself."

After they kept passing the jug back and forth, they soon became very drunk
and joyful.  They soon began to talk about stupid things.

Chazo looked at Zero, "All I'm saaayiinnn issshhh that theee
Confeedddderaaates wooooulda kickkkked assss in Tooppppekaaa toooo."

"Nooo.  They wouulddda got theeeiirr assussususss whupped there tooooo."

After gaining some small composure, he asked Zero, "So what's your story?
What happened in your life?"

Zero looked down.  Chazo stammered, "Hey sorry."

Zero began to speak, "When I was young, I left my home planet.  But when I
came back, I found that," his eyes began to tear and his voice cracked, "it
was destroyed."

Chazo patted Zero on the back.  Zero continued, "Then we came here and I met
the one thing that brought happiness in my life…Sasami."

Now it was Chazo's turn.

"My father seemed to know that I had a great power deep within me.  He would
train me a few hours a day, trying to bring out my hidden powers.  My life
was perfect.  By the time I was about 12, my power level had grown to about
11,000.  But I still couldn't transform into a Super Saiyan yet.  I hadn't
experienced the feeling of loss, but that would change soon."

Zero opened his mouth to say something, but couldn’t say anything.

"Somebody came to the house, and attacked my parents.  First, he killed my
mother.  Then when he attacked my father, he actually toyed with him for a
while.  Then, before my eyes, tore his head off.  And right then, I
transformed.  For the first time, I had felt the ultimate pain that any
child
could face.  So I attacked with all I could muster, but it wasn't enough.
All I managed to do was give him a gash on his right cheek before he slammed
me in the head so hard I went unconscious instantly.  When I came to, I was
in the middle of carnage and blood.  And he was gone."

Zero was amazed, "Wow.  I never would've guessed."

Chazo's eyes began to tear, "That's not all.  I remembered that I had a
sister who went off to college.  So I decided to go and see her.  She took
me
in and we lived very happily for a long time.  She also trained with me when
she found out that I was a Saiyan.  She helped me bring out my SS2 level.
Then, when I turned 17, he came again.  This time, I was came home from
school, and found her body lying on the floor.  With 'him' waiting in the
shadows.  He once again beat the snot out of me, but he left me with
something valuable, his name."

"What was it?"

Chazo's eyes went a blood-red.  "Seth."

That snapped Zero out of his drunkiness immediately.  "WHAT?!  I killed him
in my timeline!"

"When I saw him, he seemed to be more machine than man.  I guess somebody
fixed him up."

Zero's mind was racing.  Seth wasn't dead?  If that Spirit Bomb couldn't
kill
him, than what could?  And how much stronger did he become?  Could he defeat
Seth as he did before?  Zero stood up, "If we make it back, I'll help you
get
him Chazo."

Chazo stood up.  He looked at Zero.

"You know the worst thing?  I can't even remember my parents names."

They embraced, Chazo began crying softly, obviously not trying to be too
much
of a wimp.  But Zero didn't see him that way.  In his opinion, Chazo went
through a whole lot more than he could imagine.

"It's ok Chazo."

He walked with Chazo back to the others.  Chazo was soon back in high
spirits.  As they began to talk about their past and the lives they used to
live.  Chazo was soon talking about when he, Jeigo, and Shou used to live in
Texas.

ooFLASHBACK SEQUENCEoo

Shou and Chazo were talking.  They needed a way to make some money.  They
were planning on moving to Japan, but they needed an additional $5,000.
Chazo found the answer.

"I'm telling you we could do it!"  He held up a poster that offered $5,000
to
the winner of a bluegrass singing contest.

"But we don't know any country songs."

"I do," said Jeigo, "and it's not that hard to sing either.  Chazo, you get
the lead vocal."

"Kay.  But what are we going to call ourselves?"

"The Soggy Bottom Boys?"

"Hell no!" shouted Shou, "how bout the Hard Ass Boys?"

"Suit yourself, I'm easy."

After about a week of practicing, the time came.  When they got up on stage,
they almost got scared, but they held their own.  Jeigo played the guitar,
while Shou played the banjo.

JEIGO AND SHOU:  In constant sorrow, all his days.

CHAZO: I, am the man, of constant sorrow.  I've seen trouble all my days
   I, bid farewell, to old Kentucky, the place where I, was born and raised.

JEIGO AND SHOU: The place where he, was born and raised.

CHAZO: For, six long years, I've been in trouble.  No pleasure here, on
Earth
I found.
       For, in this world, I'm bound to ramble, I have no friends to help me
now.

JEIGO AND SHOU: He has no friends, to help him now.

CHAZO:  It's, fare thee well, my own true lover, I never expect to see you
again.
        For, I'm bound to ride that golden railroad, perhaps I'll die, on
board that train.

JEIGO AND SHOU: Perhaps he'll die, on board that train.

CHAZO: You, can bury me, in Sunny Valley, for many years, where I may lay.
        Then, you may learn, to love another, while I am sleepin in my
grave.

JEIGO AND SHOU:  While he is sleeping, in his grave.

CHAZO:  Maybe, your friends think, I'm just a stranger, My face, you'll
never, see no
     more.
    But, there is one promise that is given, I'll meet you on, God's golden
shore.

JEIGO AND SHOU:  He'll meet you on, God's golden shore.

When they finished, the crowd erupted into a frenzy.

The emcee ran up to the mike, "BOY THAT WAS A MIGHTY FINE A PICKIN' AND A
SINGIN'!!  I think the votes will turn out unanimous!"

After a few minutes, the emcee received the tally.

"In third place, The Golden Gater Boys!  In second place, The Soul Men!"

The Hard Ass Boys were nervous as they had ever been.

"And the winner…of the five thousand dollars…THE HARD ASS BOYS!"

The crowd erupted into a wilder frenzy than ever before.  Chazo and his
friends now had the money to move to Japan.

ooRETURN TO REALITYoo

By now it was their turn to go into the hyperbolic time chamber.  First to
go
in was Tenchi.  He waved goodbye to his friends and went inside, the door
locking behind him.  As they were waiting, another chamber opened up, and
Zero prepared to go inside.  Before he did so, he hugged Sasami.  And gave
he
a long, passionate kiss.

He looked into her eyes, "It pains me to have to leave you for an entire
year."

Sasami looked back into his light blue eyes, "That will just make the moment
better when we see each other again."

He hugged her once more.  Then he went inside, closing and locking the door
behind him.  Just then, Olive came out of a chamber.  It was decided that
D-Shade and Double S would pair with each other.  D-Shade went to Mihoshi
and
embraced her.  Mihoshi was almost crying.

"I can't believe you're leaving!"

He carressed her cheek, "I'm only going to be gone for one day.  Besides,
It's harder for me, considering I'm not going to see you for a whole year."

Double S felt alone, considering that his love was still alive.  They both
went into the time chamber and closed the door.  Another chamber opened up,
after some debating, it was decide that Sasami would not go into the chamber
with Grey Fox.  But rather Shou would.  As Fox was kissing Kiyone goodbye,
Shou was already through the doorway.  Fox soon followed, closing the door.
After a few minutes, yet another chamber opened up, and it was decided that
Sasami and Mia would pair together.  Their goodbyes didn't take long, and
they were soon inside.  When the last chamber opened up, Chazo stepped
inside, and closed the door, Leaving Jeigo, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Ayeka, and
Ryoko
waiting.

Ryoko soon became curious about Jeigo.  "Hey Jeigo, how come you're not
going
in?"

"I'm not competing."

"Why?"

Jeigo smiled, "As strong as I am, I was no match for Chazo, let alone Zero.
With them going into the time chamber, they're going to become incredibly
strong.  I figure, it's better to leave the best men fight in the
tournament."

Finally, it was time,  It had been almost a full day since they went into
the
chambers.  The first door opened, and Tenchi walked out.  They couldn't
believe their eyes.  Tenchi was wearing the traditional Jurai battle armor.
But more obvious than that, it seemed that he had grown in strength and
size.
 Ayeka and Ryoko ran up to him, hugging, and kissing him.

Tenchi hugged them back, "It's good to see you again too."

Soon, the next door opened up, and Zero came out.  He wore black boots,
pants, and a red shirt.  He carried a black jacket over his shoulder.  He
looked around.

"Where's Sasami?"

Jeigo answered, "She went into the chamber with Mia.  She should be out
soon."

Another door opened yet again to reveal Double S and D-Shade.  Mihoshi ran
up
to D-Shade and hugged him so tight she was squeezing the air out of him.
Soon, another door opened, and Grey Fox and Shou came out.  After a while,
Mia and Sasami came out, looking very dishevled.  Sasami ran up to Zero and
hugged him very tightly.  They waited for the last door to open, but it
didn't.  They waited for an entire hour before the door opened slowly.
There
was Chazo, looking totally different.  He was wearing all black, boots,
pants, shirt, and jacket.  He had cut his hair and it was spiked up.  He
seemed to have a mean look on his face.  But it soon disappeared as soon as
he saw Mia.  He dropped his bag as he hugged her tightly.

"I missed you."  He looked at her face and smiled, "What did you do to your
hair?"

Indeed, she had cut her hair.  Instead of it cascading down her back, It was
cut short, almost like a boy's.

"Do you like it?" she asked.

"I love it.  Brings out your eyes."

He looked over at Zero and smiled, "Hey Zero, looking good.  You seem a lot
stronger."

"Same could be said about you."

Chazo then got a serious look on his face.  Zero, while I was in the
chamber,
I had a lot of time to meditate.  I saw a vision of you."

"Look, I don't want to have any part in your dreams!"

"Shut up.  It was of you ascending in the Super Saiyan scale.  First you
went
to stage one, then two, then three.  After that you turned into the Golden
Oozaru.  Then you transformed into an SS4.  But it didn't stop there.  Soon,
the fur disappeared off your body and your hair got shorter and silver.
Your
power level was amazingly high.  But then, I saw something eerie."

"What?"

You turned into a silhouette, and continued to change.  From what I could
see, your hair grew to the length of an SS3's.  These premonitions can only
mean one thing."

"What's that?"

"The Super Saiyan evolution doesn't end at level four.  I believe I have
seen
two more advanced stages."

Zero was shocked.  There were two more stages?  How come he hadn't been able
to achieve them with all his training?  But he knew Chazo was right, he had
felt something gnawing away at him.  Like he wasn't as strong as he could
possibly be.  But know he knew why, and Chazo held the key.

"Why are you telling me this?  How come you didn't keep this information to
yourself?"

"Cause I respect you as a fighter.  It's only the right thing to do.
Especially if we're going to fight 'you know who'."

Zero chuckled, "Yeah."

Sasami was curious, "You know who?"

Zero's eyes flashed red, "Seth."

"WHAT!?"

"Chazo, could you explain that?"

"I'd rather not.  But I will say this, he's not dead.  The missing parts of
his body were replaced by mechanical components.  And he's grown
substantially stronger.  Right now, he could probably take on Zero and
possibly beat him."

Sasami was in shock.  Seth was still alive?  How could that be?

(Ok, I'll try not to put so many thought questions later on.)

"Zero," said Sasami, 'I need to tell you something."

Before she got a chance to, a huge gong sounded.  Goku appeared before them.

"It's time.  Let's go."

Zero turned to Sasami, "Quick.  What were you going to tell me?"

"You'll find out later on."

Everyone made their way into the Grand Stadium.  Soon it was packed with
creatures of all shapes and sizes.  All the fighters went to their
respective
corners with their Kais.  Zero  and his crew walked together.  While Chazo
and his walked apart from them.  The Grand Kai walked in wearing his
ceremonial robes.

He raised his hands, "I now pronounce that this tournament begins!"

Everyone cheered like mad.  The roof would've come off, if there was a roof
to begin with.

First on the board was Chazo v.s. Aqua.  As they stepped into the ring, the
gong sounded.  The first battle of the tournament was underway.

END PART THREE

Next Time on Tenchi Ball Z:

The tournament is underway!  Chazo and Aqua square off.  Ryoko puts up a
valiant effort, but will she go very far?  And what was Sasami going to tell
Zero?  That she found an evolutionary level to a Juraian?  And the thing
that's on everybody's mind, will Chazo and Zero face off in the finals?
Find
out next time on Tenchi Ball Z!
