Category=X-over
A TM/White Wolf Gaming X-over.  
Vault_Keeper_2000@yahoo.com

Disclaimer:
These characters are copyrighted and only a few of them are 
truly my own.  The characters of "Tenchi Muyo!" are the 
property of Pioneer.  All locations are the property of 
White Wolf Gaming, whom, I hope, will consider this free 
advertising.  The characters Luna and Alan Durr are the 
property of fellow White Wolf gamers and are used with the 
permission of their owners.  All other characters are my 
own, I thought of them, DON'T EVEN THINK OF SUING ME OVER 
THEM! Lyrics from "Everything Louder Than Everything Else" 
are the property of Meat Loaf.  There, I've given credit 
where it was due, let's get on with the story.

Tenchi Meets the White Wolf Part 4-
The Rescue
By
Greg Lively

	The next day, a ghoul who claimed to be from Michael's 
organization delivered another envelope.  This envelope 
contained a note, dictating that Tenchi and Tregol should 
meet him in a certain alleyway at midnight.  They could 
bring any other friends they wanted, as long as none of them 
were mages.  And that night, Tenchi, Tregol, and Ryoko kept 
the meeting.
	Michael was big and muscular, an imposing figure.  His 
two pairs of wolf-like fangs pressed against the insides of 
his lips, stretching them and making him look almost 
bestial.  His shoulder-length black hair was swept back away 
from his forehead, contrasting with his dead white skin.  
His eyes glowed red and contained no pupils.  Michael 
motioned with his hand and Mihoshi and Kiyone were dragged 
forward, tied up but struggling fiercely.  Michael grinned 
evilly.  "You must be the `Tenchi' and `Ryoko' your 
delectable friends have told me so much about.  A pleasure 
to meet you in person."  His face grew serious and he 
seemed to be concentrating on something.  After a moment, he 
shook his head.  "I believe I said you were to bring no 
mages.  I can understand you coming, Tenchi, since I 
requested you.  But I Ryoko's aura suggests that she also is 
a mage, of great power."  He seemed to consider for a 
moment, then motioned to a man standing just behind her, 
almost hidden in his voluminous robes.  "Kill her."  
	The mage stepped forward and chanted a few words, then 
held his hand out toward Ryoko.  White lightning bolts leapt 
from his fingers and toward the blue-haired woman.  Quickly, 
she generated her light sword and used it to block the 
lightning.  Holding the light sword in one hand, she held 
out the other and ejected an energy blast.  A half-second 
later, the mage dropped to the ground, a steaming wreck 
where his head used to be.
	Michael actually applauded.  "Very good, my little 
mage.  I knew that you would defeat him, but he had to be 
eliminated.  He was starting to think too much on his own, 
defying my attempts to control him."  Then, his face 
twisted in hate.  "Now, die!"
	A ripple passed through the air, glowing green and 
seeming to gain power as it rushed toward Ryoko.  Tregol 
yelled "No!" and threw himself in its path, absorbing it 
just a half-second before it would have hit Ryoko.  He 
screamed and collapsed to one knee.  Then, through an 
extreme act of will, he struggled back to his feet and 
advanced toward Michael.  He started singing, his voice weak 
and shaky at first, then growing stronger.  "I know that I 
will never be politically correct."  
	Suddenly, a vampire warrior rushed from Michael's 
group, swinging his claws and fangs.  Tregol swiftly pulled 
out his cross, which he had sharpened down to a needle point 
at one end, and stabbed the vampire in the heart.  It 
dropped to the ground, its skin beginning to blacken and 
bubble.  Tregol continued singing.  "And I don't give a 
damn about my lack of etiquette."  
	At this point, Tenchi stepped forward and activated the 
Tenchi-ken.  He pointed it toward Michael.  "We want our 
friends back," he said, the threat in his voice clear.  
"Now."  Then, he grabbed a throwing star from the side of 
Tregol's belt and threw it.  It sank into the forehead of 
one of the humans holding Kiyone and the man collapsed, 
dead. 
	Kiyone used her now-free hand to punch out her 
remaining captor.  "Thanks, Tenchi," she said, running up 
and throwing her arms around him.  
	Suddenly, Tenchi felt the tips of her fangs brush his 
neck and pulled away.  "Back!" he yelled, holding the 
Tenchi-ken between himself and the creature that used to be 
his friend Kiyone.  "Get back, Kiyone.  If you force me to 
strike, I'll kill you."  But as the words left his lips, he 
felt his resolve waver.  [You won't kill me,] a voice in his 
mind said.  [You can't kill me.]  Recognizing Kiyone's 
voice, he forced himself to keep the Tenchi-ken steady.  
"Back, I said!"
	Ryoko, meanwhile, had killed the two men holding 
Mihoshi and was now trying to keep her at bay.  Mihoshi had 
apparently gotten stronger telepathic powers when she had 
been vampirized and was repeatedly firing small shots of 
telepathic energy at her, weakening her little by little.  
	Then, both Galaxy Police collapsed, clutching their 
heads.  Looking over at Tregol, Tenchi saw him standing over 
Michael's headless body.  He looked around at Tenchi and 
Ryoko, then at the two unconscious vampires at their feet.  
"Come, 	quickly!" he said suddenly.  "We need to get 
them to my mages.  They know purifying spells that will 
clear the taint of the Wyrm from their blood.  But we have 
to hurry, or they'll be lost!"
----
	The tired mages lowered their hands and looked down at 
their glowing patients.  "The ritual is complete," the 
strongest of them said.  "Now all we can do is wait and see 
if the Wyrm will surrender."
	Tenchi and his friends nodded and looked down at their 
sleeping friends.  The glow was a gentle blue, something 
that one of the mages had said was a sign of white magic at 
work.  Washu broke the silence.  I've repaired the 
projector, so we can go home as soon as they're healed."
	The others nodded again, and Tenchi slipped his arm 
around Ayeka's shoulders.  She looked at it for a moment, 
surprised at his initiative, then leaned into him gently.  
They remained like that, perfectly still and watching over 
their sleeping friends until the wee small hours of the 
morning.
----
	Tenchi shook Tregol's hand firmly and smiled warmly.  
"Thank you, Tregol.  For everything."  With that, he 
turned, stepped through the portal, and vanished into his 
own dimension.

Author's Note:
	So, whaddya think?  If you have any questions, 
comments, or suggestions about this story, write to 
Vault_Keeper_2000@yahoo.com.  Criticism will be taken into 
consideration, but outright insults and flames are not 
acceptable.  
