*DISCLAIMER*
I DO NOT BY ANY MEANS OWN TENCHI OR ANYTHING RELATING TO DRAGONBALL Z (EXCEPT
THE 4 CHARACTERS I MADE UP).  ZERO, D-SHADE, DOUBLE S, AND GREY FOX ARE
PROPERTY OF BMSCAIFE@AOL.COM.  IF YOU WANT TO READ PREVIOUS ADVENTURES THAT
HE HAS WRITTEN, CHECK OUT THE TENCHI MUYO FAN FIC ARCHIVE.  KEEP IN MIND
THAT
HE IS A PERVERT SO HIS STORIES WILL BE IN THE LEMONS SECTION.  NOBODY SUE ME
BECAUSE THEIR EFFORTS WOULD BE FOR NAUGHT.

**THIS IS NOT A PART OF  ZERO'S STORY LINES.  THIS IS MERELY A SPINNOFF**

LAST TIME ON TENCHI BALL Z:

The gang had just signed up for the hyperbolic time chambers.  After which,
Chazo shared a joint with Grey Fox.  But after Chazo gave him some acid,
Grey
Fox freaked out, and it took scaring the life out of him to get him back to
normal.  Chazo revealed a bit about their past and how they used to live the
poor life.  Sparks flew between him and Gohan and would've erupted into a
fight, had Chazo not proved that he could do the kamehameha.  But it was
ill-aimed.  He blew the Grand Kai's bathroom to smithereens.  With some help
from Zero, they finished the repairs.  Chazo also revealed some more of his
horrible past, filled with death and destruction.  And the knowledge, that
Seth, one of the most evil men alive, was still alive and more powerful than
before.  Soon it was time to enter the time chambers.  When they came out,
they had changed in appearance.  Then the time for the tournament was upon
them, with Chazo being the first to compete in the tournament.  Will he
advance?  Find out today, on Tenchi Ball Z!

THE FIGHT IS ON!

As Chazo stepped into the ring, he wondered, how strong was this 'Aqua'?  He
was soon relieved when he saw his miniscule opponent, breathing heavily.
When
the gong sounded, he ran right up to Aqua and elbowed him directly in the
jaw, sending him flying backward.  But Aqua caught himself, and hurled
himself back at Chazo sending a powerful kick to Chazo's gut that sent him
reeling.  Then he sent a strong uppercut to Chazo's jaw which stunned him.
Chazo was totally amazed.  This little freak hit him so hard!  That'll
change
pretty soon.

Chazo let some of his power erupt, and he transformed into a Super Saiyan.
"This shit is gonna stop, Blue Man!"

He zoomed right up to Aqua and sent an extremly strong knee to Aqua, that
probably would've killed him if he weren't already dead.  Then he grabbed
him
by the ankle, and mercifully deposited him outside the ring.  Chazo had won
his battle in about 2 minutes.  Aqua had really no chance.  Jeigo was there
to congratulate him for his victory.

"Man, you are a bad mother fucker!"

After a couple more fights, it was Goku's turn.  He faced a small fighter
who
was finished off with one kick.  This seemed to be much easier than he
thought.  Now it was Ryoko's turn.  She went up into the ring to face her
opponent, Olive.

Goku leaned over to Chazo, "How long do you think she'll last?"

"About 5 minutes."

Ryoko assumed a fighting stance against Olive, who did the same.  She
charged
at him, and when he threw a punch, she used a zansoken and kicked him in the
back of the head.  She then formed an energy ball and fired it at Olive, who
swatted it away and countered with a blast of his own.  Ryoko dodged it and
fired another blast at him, which connected with his back, sending him
sprawling to the ground.  As she came down to finish him of, he surprised
her
with a haymaker that hit her directly in the stomach.  As she doubled over,
she reached back and, WHAM!  Gave him a punch to the nuts.  As Olive was
grabbing his package in agony, Ryoko landed on the ground and prepared to
fire a kamehameha wave.

She brought her hands back and shouted, "KAAAAAAAAAAAAAMAAAAAAAA
AAAYHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMAAAAAAAAAAAY…"

Olive had nowhere to run, so he powered up for his own…KAMEHAMEHA!

Zero's eyes widened in shock, "WHO THE HELL TAUGHT HIM THAT?!"

"I did." answered Goku, without turning his head.

Olive shouted, "KAAAAAAAAAAMAAAAAAAAAAYHAAAAAAAAAAMAAAA
AAAAAAY…"

After being momentarily shocked, Ryoko regained her composure,
"HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!"  and let forward a powerful kamehameha wave.

Olive shouted, "HAAAAAAAAAAAAA!"  And he let forth his own wave.

As the two forces met in the center, the battle of energies began.  Olive's
wave seemed more powerful than Ryoko's and she showed obvious signs of
strain.  Olive was straining, but it wasn't as apparent.  She boosted her
energy a little more to even up the difference.  After about five minutes,
Ryoko began to fade.  It wasn't long before her wave diminished, and Olive's
wave overtook her, sending her crashing into the wall.  The battle was over,
Olive had won, Ryoko was out.

Chazo was so stunned, the only thing he could say was, "I guess I was wrong.
That was a lot longer than five minutes."

As she was carried out of the ring, Tenchi went over to her to see if she
was
ok.  She gave him thumbs up as she was given a sensu bean to gain her energy
back.  Next up to fight was a mysterious warrior named Brian Scaife.

"His opponent…" said the Grand Kai, "is…Zero."

As Zero stepped into the ring, he felt his opponent's energy rise amazingly
high.  Far greater than he was in this form.  So Zero powered up to his
Super
Saiyan 2 stage, confident that Scaife couldn't top that.

"There!" shouted Zero, "Let's see you try to beat that!"

Scaife gave him a cruel, evil smile, "Be careful what you wish for."

And with that, his level grew even higher.  If he was a Saiyan, he might
have
almost been an SS4!  Zero was shocked to say the least.  So he powered up
again and went to the SS3 level.  With that, he rushed toward Scaife and
attacked.  Scaife almost seemed to be having fun blocking the moves.  That
is
until one caught him directly in the mouth.  As blood began to trickle down
the corner of his mouth, he smiled at Zero.

"That one was free."

He punched Zero in the stomach so hard that Zero soon had blood trickling
out
of his own mouth.  A head butt  to Zero nearly sent him flying out of the
ring.  But he caught himself and hurled his body back at Scaife, slamming
into him.  Soon, the fighters were in the air, trading blows with each
other,
none connecting.  The impacts of the attacks were so great that they seemed
to make small, thunderous explosions.  After about a half-hour of this, they
descended to the ground.  Zero was breathing heavily.

"My god," he said to himself, "these guys must train like animals!"

Scaife overheard this and couldn't help but laugh.  "An animal I am not.
But
let me tell you this…" He leaned forward, "I'm not fighting at full
strength."

Zero's eyes widened in horror.  Not at full strength?  There was only one
alternative.

As Scaife powered up to his maximum, Zero formed a small energy ball in his
hand.

"MOON BALL FLASH!"

He fired it into the air.  Sage looked on in wonder, and soon, horror.
Zero's eyes turned red and red fur grew all over his body.  His hair turned
to black, and a tail grew out of his butt.  Sage breathed a sigh of relief.

"Is that it?  You were scaring me for a minute there."

"I'm gonna do more than scare you right now."

With that, he used the Instant Transmission and kicked Scaife in the back of
the head, who countered it with a punch to the face.  They continued
battling.  Each of Zero's punches came in contact with Scaife's fists, their
kicks being blocked by each other's legs.  The force was so great, some
onlookers felt as though they were in a centrifuge.

Goku was in shock.  "My god Gohan.  He's become so strong, he's even
attained
my level of fighting!  But the other guy is going head to head with him!  I
have no idea who's going to win!"

As the battle raged on, both fighters were showing signs of wear.  Soon they
slowed down enough, so that they were visible to the naked eye.  Finally,
both fighters landed on the ground again, both breathing heavily.  Zero then
had an idea.  He punched the ring floor, cracking it into shards.  He picked
up a fairly large piece and made it glow.  Soon, the energy aura faded.

"What the hell was that?" asked Scaife.

Zero threw the rock at Sage.  Upon contact, it exploded with a powerful wave
of energy, sending Scaife crashing into the wall, and falling to the ground
outside.  This battle was over, Zero was the victor.  As he powered down, he
felt his energy drain and he fell to his knees.  He saw a pair of boots
approaching him and a hand reaching down.  He took hold to find that it was
Chazo.

"Good fight.  It will make ours truly enjoyable."

The next battle was Grey Fox against Paikan.  Goku sensed that this too
might
be a good battle.  Grey Fox stepped into the ring, followed by Paikan.
Paikan cracked his knuckles.

"I'm not going to even break a sweat tearing you limb from limb."

But he was soon silenced as Grey Fox transformed into the Super Saiyan 2
stage.  His hair went straight up and gold.  Paikan took a step back, and
smiled.

"I underestimated you.  This will be enjoyable."

He rushed Grey Fox with a flurry of attacks, which Fox had a hell of a time
blocking.  He connected with a punch to Paikan's jaw.  Paikan slid down and
swept Grey Fox's legs then gave him an uppercut.  Grey Fox countered with an
energy blast that staggered Paikan.  Paikan took to the air, with Grey Fox
following in hot pursuit.  They began trading blows, each blocking the
other's with small explosions. Soon, Paikan gave a strong elbow that sent
Grey Fox crashing to the floor.  When Grey Fox got up, he found that his
feet
were outside the ring.  Although he still wanted to fight, he had lost.

The next battle was fought, and a winner was decided.  The tournament raged
on, with competitors winning and losing.  Eventually, all that was left of
Zero's friends were him, and Sasami.  The only ones from Chazo's group was
Mia.  The only other competitors were Goku, Gohan, Paikan, and Olive.  The
quarter-finals were soon to get underway.  Here's what the lineup looked
like.

Chazo
        >    [          ]
Gohan
                        >    [          ]
Sasami
        >    [          ]
Paikan
                                         >    [          ]
Goku
        >    [          ]
Olive
                    >    [          ]
Zero
        >    [          ]
Mia

Chazo stepped into the ring.  He was finally going to get a chance to shut
this guy up.  But he knew that he didn't want to raise his energy too high.
He wanted to give Zero a little surprise when they fought.  As Gohan stepped
into the ring, Chazo powered up to his Super Saiyan two stage.  Gohan
powered
up also, but to the SS3 stage.  Chazo frowned, he didn't want to go that
high
yet.  He might have to use the same tactic that he used on Zero.

Gohan charged Chazo, who used a Zansoken to dodge him.

"That was close," he said to himself, "but this kid is gonna have his lights
put out real quick."

With one swift move, he grabbed Gohan's head and began sucking the energy
out
of him.  Gohan was paralyzed with pain from the move, but there was nothing
he could do.  Soon, enough energy was taken from him that he went
unconscious
and fell to the ground.  Chazo had won the fight incredibly quickly.  Goku
rushed up to Gohan and carried him away.

Goku looked back at Chazo, "If we face each other in the tournament, I swear
you'll pay for this!"

Chazo chuckled, "Don't worry Goku, you won't face me in the tournament.  I'm
sure of it."

Zero was quite nervous about the next fight.  Sasami was going to have to
face Paikan.  From what he'd seen, Paikan was as strong as he was, maybe
stronger!  She'd get hurt!

He caressed her cheek, "Be careful.  Ok?"

"Don't worry.  I'll be fine."

As she walked up to the platform, Paikan was waiting.  He was looking down
and smiling.

Her eyes narrowed, "What are you laughing at?"

"The fact that I have to face a girl!  It's hilarious!"

He stopped smiling as soon as he saw her begin to power up.  But he knew she
couldn't go that high, could she?  His questions were soon answered as
lightning began to crackle around her and her hair began to flash a
different
color.  Zero was shocked.

"What??  What's happening to her??"

Sasami let out a powerful yell as her hair color went from turquoise to a
glowing green shade.  Her face also seemed colder and harder than before.
Paikan was fascinated at her power, in fact it was downright scary.  Even
Chazo was watching intently.  Whoever won this fight, would face him in the
next round.  He had a feeling who was going to win though.

Zero ran to Ayeka, who was in the front row.  "Ayeka, do you know what's
happening to her??"

Ayeka was almost to shocked to speak, "I didn't want to believe it, but it's
true.  Sasami has rediscovered the ancient Super Jurian evolution."

Zero was frozen in shock.  Sasami?  His Sasami, a Super Jurain?  Her level
was equal to that of a SS2's now!  What would he do if he had to face her
later on?

Sasami attacked Paikan as he tried everything to block her attacks.  What
she
lacked in strength, she made up for in speed.  She punched him right in the
jaw, then elbowed him in the stomach.  As Paikan staggered around, Sasami
brought her hands back.

"KAAAAAAAAAAMAAAAAAAAAAYHAAAAAAAAAAMAAAAAAAAAA…"

As Paikan was about to use his own attack, Sasami, disappeared.  Where did
she go?  She appeared right next to Paikan and thrust her hands right on
Paikan's head.

"HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!"

Paikan had zip time to move and took the full force of the attack and flew
into the wall, and through it.  He crashed all the way to the outside of the
arena.  Sasami had won the battle.

Chazo smiled, "He really had no chance."

The next fight was Goku against Olive.  Now it was Zero's turn to watch the
match with interest.  The winner would be his next opponent.  Goku walked
rig
ht up to Olive, looking up at the god-like warrior.

"I've been waiting for this a long time Olive."

"I have too Goku.  I wish to see how strong you truly are."

With that, they both began to power up, their energy creating the crentifuge
effect, to those who weren't that strong.  Goku went to his SS3 stage and
charged at Olive and threw a punch that was met by Olive's fist.  The two
warriors flew into the sky, their punches making contact with the other's
fist.  Explosions riddled the sky as the warriors fought like dogs to
advance
in the tournament.  Zero's eye's widened, his sensei had gotten much
stronger
since he last saw him.  Breathing hard, both fighters landed on the ground.

"I must admit Goku, you're very strong.

Olive made a charge at Goku, who merely sidestepped, causing Olive to fall
out of the ring, disqualifying him.  Goku had won.

There was one last quarter-final match, Zero against Mia.  Chazo hugged her.

"Mia?"

"Yes?"

"I have a question to ask you."

"What is it?"

Chazo went down to one knee.  He held up his hands, which were holding a
engagement ring.  Mia could hardly believe it.  In fact, nobody could.

"After the tournament, will you marry me?"

Everyone's jaw dropped.  Chazo?  Getting married, was it possible?

Mia's eyes began to tear in joy, "Yes. I will."

She and Chazo shared a passionate kiss, before she was ushered into the
ring,
where Zero was waiting.  Zero was nervous.  Chazo had given her much
confidence.

Mia seemed happy, as she powered up into a SS2.  Zero following suit.  As
they began fighting, their punches exploded with power.  Zero soon decided
it
wasn't going to work at this level.  So he pushed it up to the next level.
He soon became fearful when he saw Mia do the same.  Mia had evolved into
the
Super Saiyan 3 stage!  Mia flew into the air, and began to do her
Kameha-Yarn
ball.  Zero had to think fast.  Then he got an idea.  He gazed upon the moon
ball that still hung in the air.  But Mia saw soon to that problem by
letting
one of her Kameha-strings fly at the ball, destroying it.  Zero's eye's
widened in horror.  There was no way he could get out of this.  But before
Mia finished the ball, Zero used the Instant Transmission and kicked her in
the back of the head.  She countered by hitting him in the balls as hard as
she possibly could.  Zero's eyes bulged and blood trickled out of his mouth.
He fell to the ground, holding his genitals tenderly.

"Fucking slut!"

All of a sudden, Mia stopped.  'Fucking slut?'  Why was that so familiar?
Then it all came rushing back to her.

ooFLASHBACK SEQUENCEoo

Zero smirked a little, "Hey Chazo, do you always let your women control you?
What is she your trainer?"

Mia walked over to Zero and slapped him dead in the face, HARD!

Zero just stood there, shocked that a woman had ever just straight out hit
him that hard before.  And he also had a painful red handprint on his cheek,
that stung like a muther-fucker!  All of a sudden a dark shadowy mist
enveloped him as his eyes glowed a deep red.

"You hit me!  You slut!  You live with 3 guys and probably fuck each and
every one of them. You couldn't beat D-Shade hand to hand, so like a true
bitch you relied on your figure to get you what you want.  And I'm sure that
your weakness doesn't end there.  You're pathetic and are only wanted
because
you can cook."

ooRETURN TO REALITYoo

As the memories rushed back to Mia, she powered down and descended to the
ground.  And she just sat there.  She seemed to be in a strange trance.  As
the Grand Kai looked on, he had no choice but to disqualify Mia for not
fighting.  Chazo ran up to Mia and shook her shoulders a little.

"Mia?"

No response, it seemed as if she were catatonic.

"MIA?"

Still no response.

Chazo's eyes began to water as he hugged her.  Something was wrong with her,
and there was nothing her could do about it.  Zero powered down and rushed
over to them.

"What happened??"

Chazo's eyes turned red, "How dare you ask me what happened?  You put her
into a fucking coma you asshole!"

Jeigo ran up to them, pushing Zero out of the way.

"You've caused enough trouble already."

He helped Chazo carry Mia to the sidelines.  Zero walked up to Chazo and
grabbed him and turned him around.

"Look, let me help.  I can dive into her mind and try to bring her out of
it."

"Get the fuck away from me!"  He turned back to Mia.

Zero turned him around again and slapped him lightly.  "Listen!  Think of
her!  I can help, we'll settle our difference later!"

Chazo's eyes glowed blood red, but he let Zero go to Mia's side.  Zero took
his hand and placed it on her forehead.  He closed his eyes, and soon, he
was
immersed inside her head.  The surroundings were entirely black, for the
exception of Mia, sitting alone.  He walked up to her, and she was crying.
Her picked her up and wiped the tears from her face.  When she saw it was
him, she punched him in the jaw as hard as she could.  Zero however, did not
get angry this time.

"I deserved that.  Listen," he held her a distance away from him, "I don't
say this to many people, but I'm sorry."

Mia's eyes grew less angry.  "Do you really mean that?"

"Yes, I do."

Mia looked down, "I'm sorry too.  For getting mad that time and slapping
you."

"Again, I deserved it."

"I guess we're even then.  But just one thing."

"What?"

"Chazo still doesn't remember what happened.  If you remind him, he'll kill
you.  I'd advise you not to."

"Good idea."

As Zero opened his eyes again, Mia came out of her stupor.  Chazo ran up to
her and hugged her.

"I thought I lost you!"

"It's ok.  I'm fine.  Really I am."

Chazo looked at Zero, "Although it pains me, thank you Zero."

"You're welcome."

The Grand Kai shouted, "I hate to break up the party, but we have a
tournament to continue here!"

Here's what the Semi-finals looked like:

Chazo
        >    Chazo
Gohan
                      >    [          ]
Sasami
        >    Sasami
Paikan
                                      >    [          ]
Goku
        >    Goku
Olive
                  >    [          ]
Zero
        >    Zero
Mia

Zero was afraid of the first match.  With the reprocussions of what just
happened, what was he going to do to Sasami?  As she stepped into the ring,
Chazo was waiting for her.

"You know, I'm going to repay your boyfriend for what he did."

"How?"

"By beating the shit out of you!"

His level shot up all the way to an SS3 and charged Sasami, punching her in
the stomach.  Sasami was soon gagging on her own blood as Chazo began to
really lay it on her.  He was beating her from pillar to post, her face
becoming battered and bruised, with Zero standing by helpless.  If he
interfered, he would disqualify himself and Sasami, annihilating any chance
of them getting mortality.  Sasami lay in the middle of the ring, unable to
move.  Chazo grabbed her by her tails of hair, and began swinging her around
and letting her fly at the post, her impact breaking the post in two.

As the Grand Kai was about to stop the match, Chazo shouted, "Oh no.  Not
yet,
 I'm not done with her!"  He picked her up, "If I can't make her die, I can
still break her back!"

Zero's eyes widened in horror.  He couldn't be serious!  Chazo raised Sasami
over his head.

Goku shouted out, "NO CHAZO, DON’T DO IT!!"

Chazo brought her down over his knee, her back breaking with a sickening
crack.  Sasami's eyes widened in shock before she went unconscious.  Had
this
happened on earth, she would've died instantly.  Blood oozed from her mouth
as Chazo let her fall to the ground.

He smiled at Zero, "That one was for you Zero."

As he returned to the sidelines, Mia stormed up to him, and punched him
right
in the mouth.  Then she took off her engagement ring and threw it at him.
Chazo caught it, and looked at it.

"You asshole!"  shouted Mia, "I wouldn't be able to stand marrying a
sadistic
bastard like you!  How could you change so much?"

"But…I–"  He tried to hug her but she squirmed away.

"No, I don't want to feel you right now.  Just get away from me!"

As she walked away, he saw Jeigo and Shou, who looked at him with angry
eyes.
 They turned and walked away, having lost all the respect built up all those
years in that short amount of time.  Chazo soon stood alone.  He was in the
finals, but he didn't feel too much like a winner.

It was time for Goku to face Zero.  Goku looked at Zero in the face.

"Zero, I'm not going to fight you."

"Why?"

"I want you to take your frustrations out on him."  He pointed to Chazo.

Goku looked up at the Grand Kai, "I am forfeiting this match.  Zero can go
on."

The Grand Kai nodded, "It will be so."

Now it was time for the finals.

Chazo
        >    Chazo
Gohan
                      >    Chazo
Sasami
        >    Sasami
Paikan
                                      >    [          ]
Goku
        >    Goku
Olive
                  >    Zero
Zero
        >    Zero
Mia

Zero walked into the ring slowly, his muscles trembling with anger.  Chazo
walked into the ring, also trembling with anger, Zero had caused him to lose
everything.  His friends, his fiancée, all lost because of him.

They both thought, "THIS FUCKER IS GOING TO PAY!!"

Zero powered up into a SS3 as Chazo did the same.  They charged at each
other, throwing ultra powerful punches that were going at a blinding speed.
None of them connected with their target.  After about an hour of this, they
were still going strong, their pure hatred for each other fueling them.
Then
Zero caught Chazo with an axe handle to which Chazo answered with a blow to
the stomach, causing Zero to gag blood once again.  Zero kneed him in the
gut
also causing Chazo to gag blood.  Chazo them formed his own moon ball and
fired it into the air.  However Zero was too mad to even notice it.

Before his eyes, Chazo transformed into a Super Saiyan 4.  Zero followed
suit, his own body being covered with a dust red coat of fur.  Chazo's was a
blazing red.  Chazo rushed at Zero, ever so angered by the actions before.

ooMEANWHILE, BACK IN WASHUU'S LABoo

Washuu had been working all year trying to collect the Dragon Balls.
Finally
she had gathered them and now she was trying to figure out what the password
was.  She had most of it figured out, "Eternal Dragon I summon you!  Arise
S–"  and that's where it stopped.  She couldn't figure out what the last
word
meant.

"Dammit!  What's the last fucking word?!"

Then she saw something that caught her eye.  A book of Zero's that he had
misplaced.  It had the symbol of the eternal dragon on it!  She opened it
up,
and found the last piece of the puzzle.

ooMEANWHILE ON THE BATTLEFIELDoo

Chazo and Zero were still going strong.  Over an hour had passed and Chazo
had still not yet lost his Super Saiyan Four stage, which disturbed Zero.
They continued to throw punches at each other that made almost no contact.
Finally, they descended to the ground.  And Zero spoke out.

"Why don't we just end this right now?"

"Fine by me."

Zero pulled his hands back, "KAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AY…"  he stopped suddenly as Chazo pulled his hands back as well.

"SHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO…"

Jeigo thought, "He couldn't be–"

"DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU…"

"CHAZO NO!"

"HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY…HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!"

"KEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN!"

They let their energies fly toward each other.  The power was amazing.  They
met at the middle with a colossal explosion of energy.  Their powers were so
great that even the strongest fighter were sliding backwards away from the
power.  They were deadlocked in a power struggle, with neither showing any
signs of losing.

ooBACK AT THE MASAKI HOUSEoo

Washuu now had all the Dragonballs arranged in a circle.

"Eternal Dragon I summon you.  Now, ARRISE SHENRON!"

The balls glowed as a large snakelike form came out of the balls.  It grew
over 100 feet high and had a ferocious looking face.  It spoke to her in a
deep rumbling voice.

"I am the eternal dragon, Shenron.  I can grant you two wishes."

    "I wish for the people who were sent by my time machine to the future,
to
return to this time."

"Your wish cannot be granted."

"What?  Why?"

"For the ones you speak of are no longer in this dimension.  They are dead."

Washuu's feelings just dropped.  Tears formed in her eyes.  But then she got
an idea.

"Shenron, the people I speak of…can you bring them back to life?"

"I can."

"I wish for the people who were sent by my time machine to the future, to be
brought to life."

"Your wish, I will grant."  His eyes glowed red.

ooBACK AT THE BATTLEFIELD••

Chazo and Zero were still in a power struggle, if they didn't stop soon,
they
would drain themselves of energy completely.  All of a sudden, everyone
gasped as Zero's halo disappeared.

    "Hey," said Sasami, "my halo's gone too!"

Grey Fox touched his head, "So's mine!"

ooBACK IN WASHUU'S LABoo

The Dragon's eyes stopped glowing.  "Your wish has been granted.  State your
second wish."

"I wish that the people aforementioned be returned to this time period."

"Your wish, I will make true."  His eyes glowed red once more.

ooBACK ON THE BATTLEFIELDoo

Zero was beginning to get the upper hand.  His blast was beginning to
overtake Chazo's.

"That's right Zero," shouted Double S, "give it to him!"

Then, all of a sudden, everyone vanished.  Zero and his group was gone, as
well as Tenchi and the others were.  Chazo stood in the ring alone.  His
mind
was racing.  What the hell?  What just happened?

The Grand Kai looked around.  "I guess since he's gone..I DECLARE THIS
TOURNAMENT OVER!"

The stands erupted in cheers.

"THE WINNER, CHAZO!"

Chazo fell to his knees from exhaustion.  Jeigo, Shou, and Mia ran up to him
and hugged him.

"Why?  Why are you hugging me after what I did?"

"You got us life, you redeemed yourself!" said Shou.

"That and the only reason we acted mad was to get you to fight better."

Chazo turned to Mia, "Does that mean that…we're still…?"

Mia nodded as she put her ring back on, "Yes."

ooBACK AT THE PRESENT TIMEoo

Zero was in his SS4 form and in a state of bewilderment.  Now where was he?
As he looked around him, he saw familiar sights.  The Masaki house, the
shrine, the tree of Jurai, everything was there.  Which could only mean…

"Guys…WE'RE ALIVE AGAIN!"

Everyone erupted in cheers and hugs.  Washuu ran from the other side of the
house.

"Daniel?"

Double S whirled around, "Washuu?"

She ran up to him and hugged him, crying.  "I thought I wouldn't see you
again."

"I'm fine.  We can't wait to tell you what happened."

As they were all recuperating, (they were alive now remember) they recapped
what happened to Washuu as they sipped some tea.

"So this Chazo guy was another Saiyan?  And was also at level four like
Zero?"

"Yup." Answered D-Shade.

"But that's not the worst thing," said Zero, "Seth is still alive."

"WHAT?"

"From what I gathered, someone in the future, found his body and turned him
into a bio-android.  Now he's stronger than ever."

"Can't you still beat him?"

"According to Chazo…probably not."

All of a sudden, there was a knock at the door.

Ayeka got up, "I wonder who could be knocking at this time of night?"

When she opened the door, she screamed in shock.

Tenchi stood up, "What's wrong?"

Tenchi stepped back, as if in shock.  Zero walked up to the door.

"Now what the hell is so damn–"

His voice was cut off as he saw Jeigo, Shou, Mia, and most importantly,
Chazo
standing at the door.

Chazo spoke up, "Sorry.  Are we disturbing you?"

END PART FOUR

Well what a shock!  Chazo and friends, alive and in their time period?  How
on Earth did that happen?

NEXT TIME ON TENCHI BALL Z:

Chazo and friends reveal how they found their way to the Masaki house.  Zero
tries to attack Chazo, but Chazo tells Zero that he is here in peace.  He
apologizes to Sasami for his actions and asks if they can join in their
daily
lives.  Will Zero be willing to let bygones be bygones?  Will we ever find
out the mysterious identity of the warrior, Brian Scaife?  Find out next
time
on Tenchi Ball Z!
