Tenchi Trigger

Legal stuff: I do not own Tenchi Muyo or Chrono Trigger.  Chrono Trigger is
owned by Squaresoft and Tenchi Muyo is owned by Pioneer Animation.  I did
not
create these characters.
Chapter 1
No Need For A Dimensional Portal

    Crono, Marle, Lucca, and Magus were walking boredly in the depths of the
destroyed Zeal Empire. They crossed a small frozen river and a portal opened
up.
    "Hmm, I wonder where that could lead?" asked Lucca.
    "Hmph, I don’t care as long as it gets me out of this dreaded place,"
replied Magus.
    "Well, let’s go!" said Marle, "All right Crono."
    "Lets Go!" Chrono replied.
    The four heroes leaped into the portal and disappeared into oblivion.
When they arrived at the end of the portal, they were in a peaceful forest
on
the edge of a lake.
    "Wow, this is beautiful," said Marle.
    "I wonder where we are?" said Lucca.
    "More like when," replied Crono.
    "If you ask me, this is BORING!" said Magus.
    "Shut up Magus, you seem to ruin everything," said Crono.
    "Hmm, you are annoying ," said Magus.  With that he walked into the
forest.
    Crono and Marle went to the lake Lucca stayed behind to figure out where
and when they were.  Crono and Marle were talking about the past day, when
Marle looked over and noticed a house across the lake.
    "Hey, Crono look at that house, maybe someone can tell us where we are."
    "Cool," replied Crono.
    Crono and Marle tried to find a way across the lake, but there was no
way.
    "Maybe, Hmm…, I bet, ICE 2," Marle cried.
    Two huge blocks of ice crashed into the lake and froze it solid.  Crono
and Marle walked across.  Then, Crono pulled out his sword and cracked the
ice, allowing the warm water to melt the ice coating.  Crono and Marle
walked
up to the door, when they heard a scream, then an explosion sent the two
flying back.  Crono and Marle withdrew there weapons, and ran to the house.
They crashed through the door and stopped.
    "What?"
    Sevens girls where sitting in the room.  One had purple hair and was
protected by some shield generated by two tall pieces of wood.  One was a
little girl with blue hair was in the kitchen.  Another with grayish-blue
hair was flying in the air.  There were two girls in uniform lying on the
ground covered in ash,, one had blonde hair, the other had turquoise hair.
One with pinkish-reddish hair was typing on nothing.  Suddenly all of the
girls stopped and stared at the two warriors.
    "Umm, Hello, my name is Sasami," said the girl with blue hair.
    "Hello, my name is Ayeka, I am princess to the throne of the Jurai,"
said
the one with purple hair.
    "Umm… Hi, my name is Marle and the kid with the punk hairdo is Crono,"
said Marle.
    "This is Kiyone and Mihoshi of the Galaxy Police," said Ayeka directing
to the two woman covered in ash.  "The one with grayish-blue hair is Ryoko,
and the one with the pinkish-reddish hair is Washu, Umm… I mean Little
Washu."
    "I have one question, What is with the wood?" asked Crono.
    "That is Asaka and Kamidaka, my guardians and protectors," replied
Ayeka.
    Just then Magus jumped into the room, and yelled "Lavos is back and he
seems to have fused with something called Kagato."
    "WHAT!"
 End of Chapter 1

    Next time on Tenchi Trigger, Crono and Marle, are introduced to Tenchi
and Ayeka and Ryoko have a new competitor, Marle.  Crono gets jealous and an
unexpected guest shows up.  Next time on Tenchi Trigger, No Need For
Jealousy.
