Ohayo fellow anime fans!  This fic is my first attempt.  Now, I'm almost 100% sure there are no errors... I've had several people proofread this, so if there are errors, blame them.  I have taken under consideration writing a sequel to this fic.  You may see it in a short while.  And now on to the...Ritual Disclaimer for the Ignorant: I don't own any of the characters portrayed in this fanfic, except the ones which I made up.  I'm not making any money off of this.  Don't sue me.  Thank you.---------------------------------------------------------Tenchi Muyo vs. Sailor Moon!by Kevin Hughes(It is at this time that I would like to point out which characters I will be using.  The Sailor Scout team has been swept away from the end of the first season.  I am also using their Japanese names and attacks.  The Tenchi Muyo cast is from the OAVs.  Well, that's not entirely true... I did incorporate some of the other series elements.  Well, enough said, enjoy!)A voice resounds, "Ladies, gentlmen, boys, girls, and cabbits of all ages, welcome to the maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaain event!  This is the showdown of showdowns!  The cast of Sailor Moon has chalenged the cast of Tenchi Muyo to a battle.  And now, let the fight begin!!!!"Out of nowhere, a bell rings and the crowd goes wild.From one side, Usagi, Rei, Ami, Minako, Makoto, Mamoru, Luna, and Artemis stride onto the battlefield not having transformed yet.Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, and Washu stride onto the opposite side of the battlefield.Sasami asks, "Where are Mihoshi and Kiyone?"Tenchi responds, "Gee, I don't know..."Off to the side, Kiyone is dragging Mihoshi onto the battlefield.Kiyone gripes, "Come ON Mihoshi, our promotions are at stake!"Whining, Mihoshi replies, "No, no, no, I don't want to fight!!!!!!!!!!!"Sweatbeads form on all of the other combatants.  Finally, after all kinds of hardships, Kiyone managed to drag Mihoshi to her feet and join the ranks of the Tenchi characters.All of the fighters present take up their attack stances.Usagi yells out, "Let's go sailor scouts!  MOON POWER MAKE UP!"Ami chimes in, "MERCURY POWER MAKE UP!"Rei bellows, "MARS POWER MAKE UP!"Makoto shouts, "JUPITER POWER MAKE UP!"Minako resounds, "VENUS POWER MAKE UP!"Mamoru takes out a rose and transforms into his tuxedo.  Tenchi gets a major nose bleed and passes out with dinner saucer eyes from seeing five 14 year olds bare butt naked.Ryoko, a little peeved, yells, "Hey, you aren't the only ones who can look good naked!"Almost reflexively, Ayeka shouts, "DON'T START THAT AGAIN RYOKO!"With her sense of duty, Kiyone tries to strike up their spirits, "Come on you guys, let's get to it!"This argument gave the scouts an opportunity to finish their transformations.  Luckily, this also allows Tenchi time to get to his feet.Ryoko notices that the scouts are probably a threat now and morphs into her battle gear, almost instantaneously.  "All right, let's go!" she taunts.Ryo-ohki appears from behind Sasami's head and creates a baton.  Sasami looks up at her friend.  Ryo-ohki whispers, "Sasami, transform into Pretty Sammy!"Shyly, Sasami responds, "But there are so many people around!"Ryo-ohki says, "Hey, if the Sailor Scouts can do it, you can too."Sasami lowers her head, "All right..."  She grabs the baton and shouts, "PRETTY MUTATION, MAGICAL RECALL!"  Energy surrounds Sasami as she completes her transformation.Quite upset at this site, Usagi whines, "What?  She can't do that!  That's copying us!"A disgusted Luna comments, "Geeze Usagi, you aren't the only ones that can transform."In a fit of rage Makoto shouts, "Yeah, but she stole our idea!"  She raises her arms aloft in order to call down her lightning attack.  A bolt flies down and strikes the rod on her tiara.  "SUPREME THUNDER!"  The bolt of lightning streaks towards Pretty Sammy.  She holds her baton in front of her and it absorbs the bolt.Quite surprised, Makoto gasps "What?"Sasami swings her baton and yells, "PRETTY HOMERUN!"  Her baton fires a bolt of energy that slams into Sailor Jupiter, which blows her clear out of the battlefield.  Sasami falls to her knees.  She gasps for air and says, "Oh no, I've run out of energy."Tenchi calls to her, "All right Sasami, that's one down!"Usagi shouts at Sailor Mercury, "Use your bubbles!"Ami stands with her knees bent and arms outstreched.  A glowing spere appears in her hands.  She spins around once and spreads her arms apart releasing her attack.  "SHABON SPRAY!"  The surrounding area gets very misty.Ryoko, upset at the lack of visibility and the cold decides to activate her sword.  She flies forward slashing wildly.  However, all she hears are two words.From out of the haze Minako cries out, "CRESCENT BEAM!"Ryoko is caught in the beam and is blown back towards Tenchi and Ayeka.  The fog begins to die down just as Ryoko hits the ground.  Tenchi sees Ryoko's limp body and runs over to her.  He shakes her and, truly concerned, asks, "Ryoko! Are you all right?"Ryoko responds, "Yes Tenchi, just get that little hussy for me, okay?"With a look of determination in his eye, Tenchi responds, "Yes, Ryoko, I will!"  He stands up and activates the Light Hawk Sword.  He begins charging towards Minako.Not looking all to excited about the incoming attack Minako flails about and whimpers, "Uh, guys?  Help me!"Rei senses that she probably has the best chance to help Minako and brings her hands together.  A small flame erupts from the tips of her fingers and she shouts, "FIRE SOUL!"A fireball flies at Tenchi but he avoids it easily.  He runs up to Minako and makes fifty sword swipes.  He leaps away and she falls into fifty one nice even pieces.Ayeka looks perturbed upon Tenchi's return.  "Tenchi, how come you would kill someone for Ryoko but not for me?"Ryoko takes on her usual tone and states, "Come on Ayeka, it's cause Tenchi loves me, you know that!"Foolishly Tenchi attempts to intervene, "Uhm, listen, we should really be concentrating on our enemies right now."  Ayeka and Ryoko give him an EVIL glare and he backs away.  While Ryoko and Ayeka continue to fight, the battle rages on.Ami activates her VR visor and starts scanning the battlefield.  Washu sees this and gets angry.Washu yells to Ami, "Hey!  I'm the genius here!"  She calls up her etheral keyboard and starts typing.  Ami is promptly sucked into a black hole that opened up underneath her.  Washu's A and B dolls start cheering for her.In another section of the battlefield, Kiyone finally drags Mihoshi to her feet and they both pull out their Galaxy Police Blasters.  They both take aim at Rei.Noticing this, Rei exclaims, "Oh great!"  She goes through her attack motions again and launches another fireball when she says, "FIRE SOUL!"  The fireball whizzes by Mihoshi but singes Kiyone and she drops to the ground.  Mihoshi looks at Rei and then at Kiyone, Rei then Kiyone, Rei, Kiyone, Rei, Kiyone.Mihoshi erupts in anger and yells at Rei, "You... you... you hurt Kiyone!  You hurt my partner!"  Mihoshi aims her blaster right at Rei and fires once.  The shot hits Rei right between the eyes and she drops over dead.  "I... I did it!  Mihoshi then promptly faints.Sensing that this is the time to strike, Mamoru chucks a rose at Ayeka, which strikes her in the arm.  Ayeka gasps in pain and she turns towards him.  Ayeka morphs into her Jurain battle armor and creates a large energy ball.  She fires it at Mamoru which completely vaporizes him.  Ayeka then falls to the ground.Luna turns to Artemis and says, "Things aren't looking good are they?"He replies, "No, Luna, they sure aren't..."Usagi begins to cry, "How dare you kill my beloved Mamoru!  In the name of the moon, I'll punish you!"Artemis says, "Wait Sailor Moon, we'll try to get them.  There is only one left!"Just as Artemis and Luna begin to charge at Tenchi, Ryo-ohki flies up in spaceship form and blasts Luna and Artemis to a nice crispy brown.  However, Ryo-ohki, falls to the ground and turns back into a cabbit since she hasn't eaten any carrots in a while.Tenchi looks at Sailor Moon.  "Well, I guess it comes down to us then."Usagi stares back at Tenchi.  "I will not let you defeat me."Concentrating all of his powers, Tenchi whispers, "Grandfather, I will make you proud."  He morphs into his Jurain battle armor.Usagi takes out the Crescent Moon Wand and begins her attack before Tenchi got ready.  She cries out, "MOON PRISIM POWER!"  The wand draws energy from the surroundings and fires its beam of energy.  It streaks at Tenchi and he tries to block, but it come in too fast and hits him full on.  The power subsides and Tenchi is gone.Sailor Moon looks at the battlefield, "I did it!"Ryoko is barely concious and she sees the blast mark where Tenchi once stood.  She cries out, "Tenchi!"  She then slips back into unconsciousness.Usagi looks up at the sky and reflects, "I beat him, but I lost my friends, and my cats."Meanwhile, somewhere else, Tsunami is putting Tenchi back together again.Naggingly, Tsunami comments, "You know, Tenchi I can't keep putting you back together when you die."Tenchi replies, "I know, it won't happen again."Tsunami says, "Good, see that it doesn't.  Well, good as new!"  She then transports Tenchi back to the battlefield.Back on the battlefield, Tenchi rematerializes.  Usagi notices this and gasps, "What?  You're alive?!"Tenchi frankly replies, "Yes, Tsunami ressurected me again."Nervously, Usagi states, "That's not good."Tenchi activates the Light Hawk Sword and charges at Usagi.Usagi shouts, "No fair, I just wanted to be a normal Teenager!"Tenchi delivers the final blow and ends the battle.The same voice yells out of nowhere, "The Tenchi Muyo cast has won!"---------------------------------------------------------Well people, that's a rap.  I hope you enjoyed my first try at a fanfic.  If you did like this, i suggest you read the MST of it done by Ksawarrior.  Yeah, it's not often you get the author of a fic plugging the MST of it, but you will all like it, trust me.  I found it hillarious.  You can find the rest of my works on the web site that you are on now, or you can go to Gensao's archive.  Please e-mail me at KevCHughes@aol.com with any praise, criticism, or flames you might have.  I await any and all responses.  Until next time...