                                Untitled Chapter 1
                            A Tenchi/ST: TNG Crossover
                                        By
                                    Dale Ratner

                Standard Disclaimer. All comments should be sent to Shadow6865@aol.com.

                                Chapter One

                "Mr. Data are you telling me that a Jurian Ship has been hidden in this
galaxy for over three hundred years and nobody ever knew about it?" asked the
Captain Picard.
                "Yes sir."
                "Do you know how to use Jurian technology?"
                "It was part of my programming but I have never had the need to use it
before."
                Captain Picard remained silent for a few moments while trying to think of a
proper course of action to take with these circumstances. The Jurian Empire
decided not to join the federation when it was given the chance but they
usually helped the federation whenever possible. If a federation crew were to
step aboard and search an abandoned Jurian ship without permission of the
Empress it could strain the relationship between Jurai and the Federation. On
the other hand, a ship that has been hidden for over three hundred years has
probably been long forgotten by the Jurians as well despite their long lives.
                "Commander Riker."
                "Yes sir?"
                "I want you along with Mr. La Forge and Mr. Data to beam unto the Jurian
ship and find out as much information as possible about it. What was the name
of the ship? Who was the owner? And what sort of cargo it was carrying? After
you return with the information we will send it to the Jurian Holy Council
along with information about the location of the ship. You will leave in ten
minutes."
                "Yes sir" said Commander Riker as he stood up getting ready to leave for the
mission.
                At first, Lt. Commander La Forge thought that he beamed down unto a planet
as opposed to a ship. "Well it looks like we discovered what the cargo was and
it appears to have spread over the entire ship."
                "Actually that is incorrect. Jurian ships and technology is unique because
of it's dependency on nature especially trees. All Jurian ships will look more
like forests than actual ships to those of haven't studied them." Data said
correcting La Forge.
                "So where would the main terminal be located?" asked Commander Riker.
                "In the case of this ship there probably isn't a main terminal like there
would be on the Enterprise or any other Federation ship."
                "Why not?" asked Riker.
                "I might be wrong but based on the structure of this ship and the type of
fauna on this ship, I believe that it belonged to a member of the Jurian Royal
Family."
                "How can you tell? And what difference would it make if the ship belonged to
the Royal Family?"
                "If this ship belongs to a member of the royal family then it was structured
to be more like a home than an actual ship so the ships controls can probably
be fully accessed from every room and there is no bridge like the on one the
Enterprise. I can tell because that black and violet flower over there is
called a 'Royal Teardrop' and Jurian Holy Law states that the flower can only
be planted where a member of the royal family resides whether it is on Jurai
or in his or her ship."
                "Is there an access panel near here?" asked Commander Riker.
                "Yes it is right behind you."
                Commander Riker moved out of the way so Data could access the panel and look
for the information that the group was looking for. "This is very peculiar,"
Data said after searching through the ship's database for a few minutes.
                "What?" asked Lt. Commander La Forge.
                "This ship is called Heaven's Fire but I can't find any information on who
this ship belonged to or what sort of cargo it carried."
                "Is it possible that the database was hacked into and sabotaged?" asked
Riker.
                "I would have say that the probability for that is very high. I suggest we
split up and do a complete search of the ship in order to find more about it."
                Riker and La Forge nodded in agreement and the three men began to search the
ship. Jurdi was absolutely amazed by the ship. He has seen and studied many
different types of starships in his career ranging from old NASA rockets from
the 1960s to the most advanced Klingon warships but he has never seen any ship
that was so beautiful. This was a ship that didn't feel like a ship at all it
felt more like an open field. Sure, the Enterprise had a holodeck that could
generate lakes you could swim or fish in and flowers that could generate
allergic reactions in people but you always new that they were false. But the
flora on the Jurian ship was real and melded perfectly with the technology of
the ship. He never saw a more perfect coexistence between nature and
technology. He was close to experiencing what could only be described as an
engineer's epiphany when Commander Riker's voice came over his communicator.
                "I found something" said Riker over the communicator.
                "What is it?" asked La Forge snapping out of his half-hazy state while
walking over to Riker's location.
                "It is a cryostasis chanmber that is still running."
                "Is their anybody in it and identification of who it is?" asked Data when he
and Jurdi arrived at Riker's location.
                "Yes there is somebody in it but the most important thing is the plaque that
is right in front of the chamber."
                "What does it say?"
                "I can't tell but it is written in two different languages. One I have never
seen before and am pretty sure is Jurian but the other language is either
Japanese or Chinese. Mr. Data would you please read the plaque?"
                Data stepped over to the plaque and began to examine it.
"You are correct sir the two languages on this plaque are indeed Jurian and
Japanese."
                "Why would a Jurian plaque have Japanese on it?" asked La Forge.
                "I do not know but the plaque says; here sleeps Tenchi Masaki, 2nd Prince of
Jurai. Son of Masaki Achika and Nobiyuki, Grandson of Masaki Yosho, Controller
of 3 Wings of the Light Hawk. Born April 24th, 1979 in Japan. Placed here
November 24th,
1998.
