Category=X-over
A TM/White Wolf Gaming X-over.  
Vault_Keeper_2000@yahoo.com

Disclaimer:
These characters are copyrighted and only a few of them are 
truly my own.  The characters of "Tenchi Muyo!" are the 
property of Pioneer.  All locations are the property of 
White Wolf Gaming, whom, I hope, will consider this free 
advertising.  The characters Luna and Alan Durr are the 
property of fellow White Wolf gamers and are used with the 
permission of their owners.  All other characters are my 
own, I thought of them, DON'T EVEN THINK OF SUING ME OVER 
THEM! There, I've given credit where it was due, let's get 
on with the story.

Tenchi Meets the White Wolf Part 3-
The Threat and The Confession
By
Greg Lively

	A week later, Tenchi cornered Tregol in the burned-out 
manager's office in the hotel and asked him what he had 
learned about the kidnapping of Mihoshi and Kiyone.  
	"Nothing," Tregol replied, shrugging his shoulders 
helplessly.  "None of my contacts on the streets or spies 
in the various organizations have seen or heard anything 
about them.  Whoever this asshole is, he's well hidden."
	"Tregol!" T'Nalda yelled suddenly from down the hall.  
"Alan just found an envelope on the carport roof.  You and 
Tenchi might want to see it."
	"Coming!" Tregol yelled back.  He turned back to 
Tenchi.  "Don't lose hope, friend.  If they can be found, 
we'll find them."  With that, he turned and led Tenchi out 
of the office to where T'Nalda and Alan were looking at some 
photos they had just pulled out of a manila envelope.  The 
vampire and human turned gravely at their approach. 
	"Here," T'Nalda said, handing the pictures to Tenchi.  
"They are of your friends."  
	Tenchi looked at the pictures and his eyes widened in 
shock.  There 
were Kiyone and Mihoshi, chained naked to a stone wall side 
by side.  A man with a cruel face that seemed to be all 
sharp angles was standing between them, weighing one of 
their breasts in each of his hands.  The second photo was 
worse and Tenchi refused to look at the others until he 
heard Tregol gasp.  
	Forcing himself to look at the last photo, Tenchi's 
eyes widened when it revealed the man with his mouth pressed 
sideways against Mihoshi's throat, a thin stream of blood 
escaping from under the corner of his mouth.  Tenchi felt 
himself gag in revulsion and wrenched his terrified gaze 
away from the picture.  
	"He's a vampire, isn't he?" he heard himself say, the 
words sounding strange and hollow to his ears.
	"I believe so," T'Nalda replied.  "And if he has 
made them his children, then he probably already knows 
everything about you, who you are, where you are staying, 
everything.  You see," he tapped the envelope, "this was 
addressed to you."
----
	"This is outrageous!" Washu yelled upon seeing the 
pictures.  "That he would do this to people in our 
household-" She cut herself off before she could say 
anything else, but still seethed silently.
	"We should rescue them," Yosho said with his 
customary calmness, but everyone there could tell that he 
was fighting down his anger also.
	"Problem," Noboyuki said, raising one finger.  "We 
have no idea where they are.  Another problem.  If this guy 
really is a vampire, and he is the leader of an organization 
like Tregol says, then from what Tregol has told us since we 
got here he should have at least a hundred people waiting to 
fight for him.  We have a maximum of thirty."
	"Noboyuki's right," Ayeka said, visibly distressed 
over the pictures.  "If we are to mount any sort of rescue, 
we will have to be sneaky."  She smiled wryly.  "I hate to 
admit it, but Ryoko would be handy in this situation.  If 
she were here, being outnumbered would not be a problem."
	Tenchi was a little surprised to hear Ayeka make a non-
derogatory comment about Ryoko, but didn't dwell on it.  
"We do have one advantage," he said.  "We have his face, 
where he only has descriptions of us at the most.  So he 
could mistake some other group of people for us, which, I 
hate to say, would probably be a good thing for us.  He 
would think he had us and so he wouldn't expect us to show 
up on his doorstep."
	"Tregol, can't you have one of your magic-user friends 
use some sort of searching spell to locate them?" Noboyuki 
asked.
	Tregol shook his head.  "We tried it before we brought 
the pictures to you guys.  He said he `met up against an 
impenetrable wall.'  I think that's a pretty clear 
indication that he can't scan for them."
	"But you say this asshole knows where we are?" Washu 
asked, still mad.
	"Probably," Tregol replied.  "You see, when a 
vampire embraces a person, that person becomes a sort of 
thrall, completely loyal to the parent vampire unless he or 
she wishes otherwise.  Some vampires make them complete 
slaves, prisoners in their own bodies.  Others find it 
pleasing to give their children some measure of free will, 
while still others embrace them and then give them complete 
freedom.  But, it is impossible for the child to lie to the 
parent, for whatever reason.  So if a parent vampire asks a 
question, the child is forced to answer truthfully."  His 
expression grew even grimmer.  "And, though I didn't say 
anything about it before, I know this vampire.  His name is 
Michael.  He and I used to be friends before he was 
embraced.  I killed his parent vampire and tried to kill him 
when his instincts took over and he attacked me, but he 
managed to keep the stake from penetrating his heart.  He 
has never forgiven me for trying to kill him, and it might 
well have been your friend's involvement with me that 
motivated their kidnapping."
	"How would he know they were connected with you?" 
Yosho asked, the fa‡ade of calm straining to keep his 
emotions in check.
	"All vampires have telepathic powers to some degree," 
Tregol explained.  "Michael was telepathic even before he 
was embraced, and becoming a vampire only redoubled his 
powers.  Even unconscious people have thoughts and a 
powerful enough telepath can pick those thoughts up through 
the damping effect that unconsciousness has.  If he picked 
up my name in your friend's thoughts, it might have 
motivated him to kidnap them."  He shook his head.  
"Seriously, I doubt we can do anything for them for the 
time being.  I will follow Ayeka's suggestion and try to 
locate Ryoko, but even with her on our side it might not be 
enough.  You see, with as large as his organization is, and 
his ties to others, he probably has at least twenty high-
level mages in his ranks.  From what you've told me about 
her, any one high-level mage would be at least as powerful 
as she is, if not more."
	"Well we have to do something!" Tenchi cried, hitting 
the table with his fist.  "He could kill them if we 
don't!"
	"I doubt it," Washu said, her expression calm and 
composed.  "They could be bargaining chips, or bait he 
could use to get to us or Tregol.  And if he learns that 
we're from another dimension, they could become even more 
valuable.  If he captures me, he could extract the plans for 
the projector from me and gain access to our dimension, 
where no one believes in his kind and no one would hunt 
them.  He could wreak havoc in our world if that happens."
	"We can't just sit back and do nothing!" Ayeka cried.  
"They're our friends, for Jurai's	sake."
	"I agree," Yosho said.  "And I have something of a 
plan.  Unfortunately, it depends entirely on Ryoko returning 
to us."
	"You rang?" Ryoko said, phasing through the window.
	"Little Ryoko!" Washu yelled, running over and giving 
her daughter a hug.  "I've been worried!"
	Ryoko blushed bright red.  "Mom, could you at least 
save it for when we're alone?  You're embarrassing me."
	  Smiling, Washu hugged her extra tight, then released 
her.  "How did you know we needed you anyway?" she asked, 
her expression becoming serious again.
	"I've been keeping tabs on you people ever since I 
left the first night," Ryoko explained.  "I`ve managed to 
keep out of sight, but when Yosho said his plan depended on 
me, I decided it was a good time to make an appearance."  
Then, her gaze fell on Tenchi and an expression of sorrow, 
of regret, flickered across her beautiful features.  "Hi 
Tenchi," she said, managed to create a tentative smile.  
"How're you and that bitch Ayeka doing?"
	"Ryoko!" Ayeka yelled, beginning to get angry.
	"Cool it, princess," Ryoko said with a slow, sad 
shake of her head.  "I was only joking.  In truth, though, 
I wish you both the best.  I hope-" Her gaze fell back on 
the man she loved and her voice caught in her throat."  "I 
hope you two will be happy together."  A single tear leaked 
from the corner of her eye and trickled slowly down her 
cheek.  Almost angrily, she wiped it away and turned back to 
the business at hand.  "What's your plan, Yosho?"
	Yosho quickly explained it, then asked if everyone 
understood.  When they answered the affirmative, he nodded 
and everyone left the room to get ready.
----
	Ryoko found Tenchi in his room, sitting on his bed in 
his battle outfit and fiddling with the hilt of the Tenchi-
ken, his expression indicating that he was deep in thought.  
She knocked gently on the doorframe.  "Tenchi?" she said 
tentatively.
	Tenchi looked up at her, surprised that she had knocked 
instead of simply teleporting in.  "Oh, hi Ryoko," he 
said, not completely losing his thoughtful expression.
	The demoness hesitantly walked into the room and sat 
down on the bed next to him.  "Whatcha doin'?" she asked, 
trying to sound casual but not really succeeding.  
	"Well," he said hesitantly, clearly nervous that she 
might make a move on him, "I've just been thinking about 
what all's happened since I freed you from the cave.  It's 
almost like I threw some switch fate had installed, because 
it was right after that that the others started showing up, 
and I learned I was part alien, and all that.  This is the 
first time I've ever really stopped to think about it, but 
now I realize that those were the best times for me.  The 
friends, the battles, all of it.  I hate to admit it," he 
grinned wryly, "but looking back, I even enjoyed it 
whenever you would flirt with me."  
	He looked into her eyes and what he saw there was a 
woman 
coming to terms with the loss of the man she loved.  And 
when she looked into his, she saw a man who did love her, 
but only as a dear friend.  In that moment, she knew that 
she had lost the battle for his heart once and for all.  But 
they both knew that he would always be in hers, even if she 
did find another man to love, to share her life with.  He 
had been her first true love, and true love never really 
dies.  She kissed him gently on the cheek, then got up.  "I 
think I understand, Tenchi.  I-" she choked down a sob, "I 
hope you'll be happy."  And she truly meant it, from the 
bottom of her heart.

Author's Note:
	So, whaddya think?  If you have any questions, 
comments, or suggestions about this story, write to 
Vault_Keeper_2000@yahoo.com.  Criticism will be taken into 
consideration, but outright insults and flames are not 
acceptable.  
