Disclaimer: The characters of Shingen Iwakura, Takeo Harada, Shoji Inagaki,
Ichiko Nishimura, Yi Jyi-suk, Seiji Yasuura, and Kenji Ishikawa, as well as
the title "Morning Calm" are my own copyrighted property. Otherwise, all
other characters and places described herein are the property of Pioneer and
AIC-I don't have more than three dollars to my name, so please don't sue me
for copyright infringement. The story is a work of fiction. Any resemblance
to real people or situations is purely coincidental, even though I did base
parts of the story on historical fact and current political climates in the
Far East.

Tenchi in Korea

EPISODE I
Rising Sun

CHAPTER 1
Sakuya meets Ichiko

1300 local time
Masaki Family Shrine
Okayama Prefecture
Japan

(:::::Japanese flute and taiko music playing in the background::::: We see
Sakuya standing beneath the Masaki shrine's  o-tori gate. She's wearing a
flowing, jet-black kimono with a starfield pattern on it. A katana and tachi
are tied to her obi belt. She silently offers prayers for the spirits of
Tenchi's ancestors. Soon she senses someone's ki approaching her. Slowly she
turns around)

Sakuya didn't know what to think when she saw the woman in uniform approach
her. She just stood still and calmly greeted the approaching figure.

"Ohayo gozaimasu!"

The woman finally approached.

"Sumimasen ga, kore wa jinja no ichizoku Masaki desune?"

"Hai."

"I am Captain Ichiko Nishimura of the Japanese Air Self-Defense Force's
First Tactical Fighter Wing, 15th Tactical Fighter Squadron, Nyutabaru
Airbase. Does Tenchi Masaki live here?"

"Yes. Would you like me to lead you to him?"

"Don't go to any trouble."

'No, I insist. Follow me."

What could the defense forces possibly want with Tenchi? thought Sakuya, as
she led the strange visitor to the garden, where Tenchi was practicing his
kendo skills with his grandfather.

"Tenchi!"

Tenchi, dressed in full kendo armor, stopped fencing, and stared at Sakuya.
His grandfather knocked him to the ground with a firm smack to his head.

Sakuya laughed hysterically. Katsuhito and Captain Nishimura both shot a
glare at her. She covered her mouth with her hand.

Tenchi brushed himself off and bowed low to his grandfather. Then he took
off his helmet and approached Capt. Nishimura.

"Can I help you, ma'am?"

"Yes, I'm Capt. Ichiko Nishimura, First TFW, 15th TFS, J.A.S.D.F., Nyutabaru
Airbase. You must be Tenchi Masaki. Can we speak in private?"

"I don't see why not, Captain Nishimura"

They walked over to the small room where Tenchi hung up his armor. Ichiko
Nishimura began speaking.

"...Mr. Masaki, as you know, there's a war going on right now in Korea. I
was there for a while, but I was sent back here for one reason...."

"...Mr. Masaki, to put it bluntly, the Government has been watching you. We
know what you're doing, and we know about the aliens who live with you, your
father, and your grandfather..."

Tenchi hung up the chestplate of his armor and shrugged. "So?"

"So, this is not just about you. I'm sure you do well in your history class,
Tenchi."

"Not particularly, considering I'm off in space on some escapade or another
now and then..."

"You know about Toyotomi Hideyoshi's failed invasion of Korea in 1598,
though?"

"Ummm, yeah...sort of..." Having been absent from school for about six
months while off with Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi and Ryouko, he hadn't really
had the time to catch up with a lot of things-history included.

"The Koreans, under Admiral Yi Sun-shin, beat us hands down with only eight
ships at the battle of Oranpo. By the way, Oranpo is now called Masan."

"What does this have to do with me?" Tenchi asked.

"We've got rumors amongst our pilots in Korea that ghosts of the Korean
sailors are haunting their aircraft, often messing up critical systems right
in the middle of bombing raids. We aren't sure if these really are ghosts-
we also suspect possible alien involvement, supporting the North Korean
regime."

Tenchi sighed. More gallivanting across space.

"I don't think I need to stress the importance of victory, Tenchi. The
Combined Forces of the US, South Korea, and Japan have to win, or else we'll
have to live with a joint DPRK/malevolent alien presence for a long, long
time."

At that moment Ayeka walked in. "Lord Tenchi! Sasami has lunch read-" She
stared at Ichiko.

"Lord Tenchi, you never told me that there were androids on Earth!"

"WHAT?????"

Ichiko looked at both of them, and smiled.

"How did you know?"

"Well," Ayeka said, "Adult human women, much like the Jurai, would never
have such a 'perfect' physique. And besides, it's sweltering in here and
you're not even breaking out in the smallest bit of sweat."

"Well, Captain," said Tenchi, quite sarcastically, "Care to tell us about
yourself?"

"Classified inform-"

"Hey, if I'm working with you, and I have to take time off from college, I'd
like to know."

"Very well. I was created at the Matsushita Biotech Labs in Osaka six months
ago. I have a 'sister', Keiko, in the Japanese Ground Self-Defense Force.
We're the only ones of our kind. We have been programmed to appear and act
100% human- but I see that even a ground-breaking creation such as myself
has flaws."

"May I touch your hand?" Tenchi felt awkward asking this, especially in
Ayeka's presence. Ayeka was already standing there, making faces at Sakuya.
It was difficult for Tenchi to be the center of attention of five beautiful
girls from outer space-he didn't need an android screwing things up even
more.

Ichiko nodded. Hesitantly, Tenchi reached out and touched her palm. It felt
warm! Like a real, honest-to-goodness human hand! The things you learn every
day...

"OK, now that this is settled, what do you want me to do?"

"Well," said Ichiko, "the JASDF will arrange for your college to give you a
brief leave of absence."

"How long?"

"One month. Anyway, Tomorrow morning you're to be packed and ready to leave
with me for Korea. A helicopter will arrive in the field next to your house
at 9 AM. That is, if you want to. It's all up to you."

Tenchi looked first at Sakuya, then at Ayeka.

"Fine, Captain. I agree. On one condition, though."

"What's that?"

"That I bring along three of these girls for help."

"Which ones?"

"Kiyone, Sakuya, and Ryouko."

CHAPTER 2
-Lunch-

(Cut to Tenchi, Ichiko, Sakuya, Sasami, Ayeka, Tenchi's dad Noboyuki, and
Katsuhito sitting with Kiyone and Mihoshi, having lunch. For those who don't
know, Kiyone is Mihoshi's partner in the Galaxy Police Force)

Mihoshi looked a little hesitant.

"So you want her to come with you to Korea, right?"

"Actually", Ichiko said, "Mr. Masaki-"

"Please," he said, "call me Tenchi"

"Tenchi has said that he would like your partner to come along with him on
this assignment."

"Very well," said Mihoshi.

"Just one difficulty," Ichiko said, turning to Kiyone.

"Yes?"

"We can't very well be going around with an alien. So you're going to have
to dress like a common human. No secret identities or anything, just dress
inconspicuously, that's all I ask."

"OK."

Sasami stared at Ichiko, who was, much to her surprise, scarfing down her
bowl of oyako-donburi.

"I didn't know androids could-" Sasami mumbled absent-mindedly.

"Eat?" asked Ichiko.

"IMSOSORRYIDIDNTMEANTO-"

"Sasami, relax!" she said. "I not only can eat, I have to eat to maintain my
biological components, such as my heart, liver, skin, and blood. Just like
any of you. And by the way, this is delicious. You must be a very talented
chef, Sasami"

Sasami blushed.

"Captain Nishimura, would you mind telling us more about these ghosts?"
asked Noboyuki.

"Well, they're images of common seamen from Admiral Yi Sun-shin's naval
force. They appear out of-"

And suddenly, Ryouko warped into the room.

Sasami, who was already paying full attention to Ichiko's description,
screamed from fright, and then suddenly realized who it was.

"Ryouko!"

Tenchi looked at her, then turned back toward Ichiko. "Captain Nishimura,
may I present Ryouko Hakubi, notorious space pirate." Ryouko looked at
Tenchi with one of her smiles that seemed to say, "Hey there, cutie."

"Pleased to meet you, Ms. Hakubi. I'm Captain Ichiko Nishimura, First-"

"...Tactical Fighter Wing, 15th Tactical Fighter Squadron, Japanese Air
Self-Defense Force, Nyutabaru Airbase. Yes, I know. And lay off the
formality, Cap. Just call me Ryouko."

"Well," said Ichiko, "word sure travels fast, huh?"

"I hear Tenchi wants me to come on this mission of yours."

"Yes. Is that OK with you?"

"You kiddin'? Of course it's OK!"

"Well then, it's settled. Kiyone, Ryouko, Sakuya, and, of course, Tenchi,
are to be ready for departure at 9 AM tomorrow."

Tenchi smiled at Ryouko. "Ryouko, no tricks this time. Just warp to the
empty lot right outside, and on time."

Ryouko smiled back. "You got it", she said, and then, much to the other
women's chagrin, she kissed Tenchi on the cheek, and warped out of the room.

CHAPTER 3
-On to Korea-

The next day...

The sun glinted off the white paint of the Koku-shudan SH-60J as it dropped
down to land on the empty lot next to Tenchi's house.

It landed, and out stepped a powerfully built senior officer. Ichiko
saluted.

"Major Shingen Iwakura, may I present to you Tenchi Masaki, Ryouko Hakubi,
Officer Kiyone of the Galaxy Police Force, and, umm, Sakuya."

"I'm pleased to meet you all. We'll talk more on the way. Please enter the
helicopter so we can get going."

They quickly entered the small cabin. Major Iwakura slid the door shut, and
through the small plexiglass window, Tenchi could see Noboyuki waving. He
waved back, and soon the helicopter leapt into the cool morning air of
Okayama Prefecture, and up into the beautiful blue sky.

******

Ten minutes later- 5,000 feet over the Sea of Japan, heading toward Kangnung
Airbase on Korea's east coast.

"So you ladies are from space?" asked the major.

Sakuya piped up, "Actually, I'm from Okayama Prefecture, but they are from
space."

"A, So-o desune."

Ichiko whispered something in the major's ear.

"Yes. Thank you for reminding me, Captain." He looked at Ryouko, Sakuya,
Kiyone, and Tenchi.

"We have asked the South Korean Air Force to provide you with a guide. They
know about our little 'problem', and they want to help us solve it, because
they can't afford to lose our help in this unfortunate war."

"So who is the guide?"

"A reservist- First Lieutenant Yi Jyi-suk. She'll be waiting for us when we
arrive at Kangnung. Her college major was in Korean and Japanese History,
and her full-time job is that of Aviation Archaeologist, so she'll be able
to help you in the historical and regional aspects of this mission."

"I hope we get to-" Kiyone began, but was cut off by the shouts of the
pilots.

"NAN DA!" shouted Major Iwakura.

"YUREI KANKOKUJIN DESU KA!"  It's a Korean ghost!

Tenchi drew himself up to his full height, and held Tenchi-ken in his hands.
Suddenly the helicopter lurched downwards, and they went into a steep dive.

"The pilots are dead!" shouted Ichiko, who was already "up front" and trying
to regain control of the aircraft.

And then, a ghost appeared next to Tenchi.

(Zoom in to Tenchi's eyes. Fade out. Display words "TO BE CONTINUED" in
English on top, and in Japanese kanji on the bottom.)

(Announcer's voice: "Will Tenchi, Sakuya, Kiyone, Ryouko, Captain Nishimura,
and Major Iwakura survive this infernal descent? Or will they perish
helplessly in the cold, unforgiving waters of the vast Sea of Japan? Tune in
next time for the next episode of- "Tenchi in Korea"!)

-COMING SOON-
Episode 2: Morning Calm