Disclaimer:
These characters are copyrighted and only a few of them are 
truly my own.  The characters of "Tenchi Muyo!" are the 
property of Pioneer.  All locations are the property of 
White Wolf Gaming, whom, I hope, will consider this free 
advertising.  The characters Luna and Alan Durr are the 
property of fellow White Wolf gamers and are used with the 
permission of their owners.  All other characters are my 
own, I thought of them, DON"T EVEN THINK OF SUING ME OVER 
THEM!  I've decided that stories in different categories 
will not be in the same continuity.  There, I've given 
credit where it was due, let's get on with the story.

Tenchi Meets the White Wolf Part 1- 
Tenchi and the Gang in Necropolis
By
Greg Lively

	In her lab, Washu was working feverishly on her latest 
project.  The size and density of the antimatter had to be 
exactly right, otherwise the whole thing would blow up in 
her face.  A tiny drop of sweat rolled down her brow and 
dripped off her eyelash.  She ignored it.  She couldn't 
afford to be distracted.  Using a special set of tweezers 
that she had hardened against antimatter specifically for 
this experiment, she inserted the pebble of antimatter, the 
size of a grain of sand, into a tiny niche she had carved in 
the plutonium rock.  She held her breath and released the 
antimatter-
	Nothing happened.  No explosion, no one-way trips to 
the afterlife, nothing.  Washu sighed in relief.  Just what 
she had hoped.  She had done extensive research on 
antimatter before conducting this experiment and still 
hadn't known exactly what to expect when it came in contact 
with the highly radioactive plutonium.  She looked back in 
her microscope, not even realizing she had stepped back.  
"Yes," she whispered.  "It's growing.  Soon, it'll be big 
enough to move on to the next step."
	Taking out a handkerchief and mopping her brow, she 
sealed off the area she had been working in with an 
impenetrable force field, then left the lab for the first 
meal she had had in three days.
----
	Sasami had fixed something relatively simple for 
dinner, spaghetti with meatballs, garlic bread, and some 
meatless lasagna.  Tenchi breathed in the aroma and sighed 
in contentment.  It had been a hard day, working in the 
fields, practicing with Yosho, and the ever-trying task of 
keeping Ryoko and Ayeka from fighting.  At last, he had some 
time to relax.
	As if on cue, he heard the sounds of two teenage (well, 
sort of) girls screaming, throwing energy blasts (among 
other things) at each other, and generally making enough 
noise to wake the dead.  (Author correspondence:  Just a 
coincidence, or a tiny bit of foreshadowing?  You decide.)  
Tenchi sighed again, this time a "Why me?" kind of noise, 
and went to find them and keep them from killing each other, 
just as he had (barely) managed to do many times before. 
	Just as he walked out of the house and was heading 
toward the field where the sounds seemed to be coming from, 
Washu emerged from the dimensional door, walked into the 
dining room, and smelled the aroma herself.  "Mmmmmm, 
smells good, Sasami.  What is it?"
	Sasami looked shocked.  "You mean you've never eaten 
Italian food before?"
	"Nope," Washu replied, sitting down in her place and 
surveying the plate of noodles and meat.  "What's this 
called?"
	"Spaghetti with meatballs and-.  Uh, Washu?"  The 
scientist had fallen asleep, literally falling forward and 
landing face first in her plate of spaghetti.  She hadn't 
gotten any sleep in three days either.
----
	After she had woken up and eaten her dinner (and 
cleaned it off her face), Washu went back into the lab and 
checked the progress of the plutonium-antimatter alloy.  It 
was now the size of a baseball, and heavier than an anvil.  
Using an anti-gravity device she had invented, Washu floated 
it over to a special containment chamber with various 
sensors and instruments attached.  She checked the readout 
on one of the screens and nodded in satisfaction.  "Good," 
she said.  "It's growing at the expected rate.  Computer, 
how long until antimatter/plutonium alloy is large enough to 
proceed to the next step of the experiment?"
	"At its current rate of growth, the alloy will be 
large enough to proceed to the next step of the experiment 
in approximately twenty-five hours, Washu," the computer 
replied, using Washu's voice.  "Now do you want me to 
answer any other stupid questions, like what one plus one 
is?"
	Washu sighed.  "Look, I gave you my voice, but I 
didn't give you a snide personality, you developed that 
yourself.  I might be a super-genius, but I can't calculate 
as fast as a computer can.  So unless you want me to take 
away both your voice and your personality-PERMANENTLY-you'll 
give me a straight answer and stop being sarcastic.  Get 
it?"
	"Got it," the computer replied, sounding just a bit 
nervous.
	"Good.  Now, start construction of the subspace door.  
I expect you to have it done in twenty-three hours or I'll 
cut off your Internet access for a month."  And with that, 
Washu turned and walked from the lab, leaving the computer 
to its task.
----
	An hour later, Washu was taking a bath, relaxing, and 
listening to Ryoko and Ayeka have a civil conversation for 
once (they were discussing an American movie they had both 
seen, something called "Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom 
Menace") and were arguing-not seriously-over whether the 
movie's hero or the person who killed the main villain was 
cuter.  Finally, she got sick of hearing them argue, even if 
it wasn't serious, and decided to intervene.  "You know," 
she said, "if you could show me a picture of both 
characters, I could help you decide."
	Ryoko used their mental link to send Washu images of 
the characters, which Washu studied carefully for several 
minutes before nodding.  "You're both right," she said.  
"Anakin Skywalker is cute in a little-boy sort of way, but 
Obi-Wan Kenobi has the advantage of being your age.  
Therefore, I declare this argument a draw."  This statement 
immediately got them going again, at which Washu sighed, got 
up, and walked to the other side of the pool.
----
	When Washu returned to her lab, the computer announced 
that the subspace door was complete.  "Already?" Washu 
asked.  "Hm.  Well, since you got it done so fast, you can 
have an extra hour of Internet per day." 
	"However," the computer added, "the growth rate of 
the alloy has sextupled.  At its current rate, it will be 
ready in two point eight hours.  This change in growth rate 
is what necessitated my speed."
	This report surprised even Washu.  "Wow," she said.  
"I never expected it to grow that fast.  I'm going to have 
to tell Tenchi and the others."  Then, turning back to the 
readout screen, she said, "Computer, begin collection of 
energy from antimatter/plutonium alloy the millisecond it's 
large enough."
	"Gotcha," the computer said, and after setting its 
sensors to tell it when the alloy was ready, began enjoying 
its extra hour on the Internet.
----
	Washu stood in front of the others in the living room 
almost like some great leader giving a speech before her 
people.  "Okay, people," she said.  "I'm looking for 
volunteers to participate in my newest experiment."  This 
interrupted the family meeting for a moment while Ryoko 
retrieved Tenchi from the closet he had suddenly hidden in.  
After waiting a moment for the commotion to die down, Washu 
continued.  "This experiment will not involve hooking you 
up to any machines or instruments or anything.  It will be 
dangerous in some ways, yes, but I don't believe we'll 
encounter anything we can't handle."
	"What exactly is the experiment, Mom?" Ryoko asked, 
still trying to keep Tenchi from running off.
	"We will be traveling to an alternate dimension.  I've 
invented a machine that harnesses a certain type of energy 
and uses it to create a doorway to alternate dimensions.  I 
haven't yet invented something that'll tell me where we're 
going, but I'm working on it.  Now, any volunteers?"
	The whole gang raised their hands.  Although Tenchi 
needed a little convincing that the dimension travel story 
wasn't just some sort of elaborate scheme to get him in 
Washu's lab so she could dissect him alive.
----
	"Computer, begin projection of subspace door," Washu 
commanded.  The computer obediantly projected the energy it 
had collected from the antimatter/plutonium alloy into the 
doorway Washu had designed in a controlled beam.  It simply 
stood in the doorway, inky black, but at the same time 
looking almost normal.  Washu looked over her shoulder at 
her friends and held up a remote-control-like device.  
"This is our line back to our world," she said.  "Using 
it, I can open the doorway from the other side.  But, I want 
to spend as much time researching the dimension we end up in 
as I can, so we aren't coming back for at least two weeks 
unless one of us is seriously injured.  If you want to back 
out, this is your last chance."
	Nobody backed out, although Tenchi did grasp the sword 
Tenchi-ken a little tighter.  Washu nodded.  "Fine.  Here 
goes nothing."  With that, she turned and stepped through 
the doorway, followed swiftly by the others.
----
	When they emerged, it was night and they were in a 
filthy, trash-strewn alleyway.  Washu quickly grasped her 
nose and commented on the smell, but Tenchi wasn't paying 
attention.  He had the feeling that they weren't alone.
	Suddenly, a man jumped out from behind a pile of trash 
and grabbed Ryoko from behind with one hand while knocking 
Washu down with the other.  He was dirty and unshaven, his 
face split in a wide grin that displayed irregular, yellow 
teeth.  He put one hand to Ryoko's throat and Tenchi was 
astonished to see that he had claws.  "Stay back, or the 
girl gets cut," the man said, his voice low and raspy.  He 
looked at Ryoko's voluptuous body quickly, then smiled a 
little wider.  "I claim this girl as my slave.  Any of you 
who care to contest that claim may do so," he paused for a 
moment, "over HER dead body."
	"I contest that claim," Ryoko said, reached over her 
shoulder and grabbed the man by the hair, flipping him over 
her shoulder and throwing him into a pile of trash at the 
same time.  "Eat energy," she said, then threw a blast at 
the man, cutting him in half through the waist.  
	The man looked down at his now-separated lower half and 
laughed.  "You are a fiery one, aren't you?" he said, then 
stood up again.  New tissue had grown, reconnecting his 
body.  "I like that."
	Suddenly, a blur dropped down from the fire escape for 
the building they were standing next to and hit the man in 
the head, apparently feet-first.  "I told you to stay away 
from this part of town, leech!" the new stranger yelled.  
"There's a price to pay for attacking people on my turf!"  
When Tenchi looked at the new man's face, he saw that it was 
covered on the right side by a vertical half-mask.  The man 
was also apparently heavily armed, but Tenchi didn't see 
anything more advanced than a throwing star.  The weapons he 
did see were a samurai sword, a five-foot-long pipe that he 
apparently used as a makeshift bo staff, a foot-long dagger 
in his belt, and two throwing stars on the sides of his 
belt.
	The first man jumped up from the ground, his face 
twisted in a snarl, and ran toward the second one.  "I'll 
teach you to interfere with my meals, Tregol!" he yelled.  
He bared his teeth, and all present saw that he actually had 
fangs.  He leapt at the masked stranger, only to be hit in 
the face with a cross that Tregol pulled out of his shirt.  
He screamed and stumbled back a few steps, his hands over a 
part of his face that was apparently burned, judging from 
the smoke that was coming from between his fingers.  He took 
his hand away and snarled again, his left cheek completely 
gone, exposing his teeth to view, the ruined tissue around 
the hole charred and smoking.  "You will die for that!" he 
cried, and leapt toward the man named Tregol again.
	Tregol swung the cross in a backhand motion, knocking 
out several of the "leech's" teeth and forcing him back a 
few more steps.  "I think not, vampire" Tregol hissed and 
brought the cross down hard enough that one of the arms was 
stuck in a newly created crack in the vampire's forehead.  
Tregol looked at the vampire mercilessly, forcing the cross 
even deeper into the vampire's forehead as it shook and 
sparked and began turning black.  "Get thee behind me," he 
whispered, and yanked the cross out, allowing the now 
blackened skeleton of the vampire to fall to the ground.
	Tenchi quickly activated the Tenchi-ken, bringing it up 
to a ready position.  Seeing this, the others activated 
their respective weapons, except for Ayeka, who found 
herself unable to summon her robot bodyguards.  Tregol 
apparently noticed also, drawing a samurai sword that was 
hanging at his side and crossing it with Tenchi's.  Tenchi 
was a little surprised to see that the metal blade actually 
stood up to the punishing energies of the Tenchi-ken, but 
didn't allow himself to show it.  "Who are you?" he asked.  
"And what-" glancing at the skeleton, "-was that?"
	The man's gaze didn't waver, but he at least seemed 
willing to talk.  "My name is Tregol," he said.  "That 
was a vampire."  Seeing the incredulous expressions on the 
friends' faces, he smiled slightly.  "Look, they're 
probably not common where you come from, but you're in 
Necropolis now, so always make sure you have one eye over 
your shoulder."  He looked at their clothes and looked like 
he was suppressing another smile.  "Let me guess-you've 
never heard of the city where the dead rise again and if you 
think you saw a werewolf, you probably did."
	"No, we haven't.  Is that where we are?" Tenchi 
asked.
	Tregol smiled slightly.  "Yes, you are.  Let me see if 
I can guess on your races."  He sheathed his sword, 
something Tenchi was sure he would never do if he really 
thought he was in danger.  Then, Tregol began pointing to 
them, first Tenchi, Ryoko, Sasami, and Washu, then the 
others.  "Mage, mage, mage, mage, mortal, mortal, mortal, 
mortal, mortal."
	Washu didn't pay any attention to this exchange, she 
was to busy fiddling with her door-projector.  But Tenchi 
decided that, although he wasn't familiar with the jargon of 
this world, they had better play along.  "Right," he said.
	Tregol nodded and looked very pleased with himself.  
"I knew it.  I can always tell what race a person is by 
their `vibes.'  When you've lived in Necropolis as long as I 
have, your instincts become fine-tuned for that sort of 
thing."  He nodded toward them.  "Care to tell me your 
names?"  This request was met with a hasty introduction.
	Washu yelling, "Damn" and slamming shut a panel on 
her projector interrupted them.  "Gang, I have some bad 
news.  When that vampire knocked me down, I landed on the 
projector and broke it.  We're stuck here until I can build 
a replacement."
	Tregol threw Tenchi a questioning look.  "Projector?  
What does she mean?"
	Tenchi didn't see any reason to lie, and if they were 
in the kind of place Tregol said they were, the truth would 
probably be what he was most likely to believe.  "We're 
from another dimension," he said.  "We used a subspace 
door to cross from our dimension into yours.  That projector 
was what we would have used to create the door from this 
side."
	Tregol's expression didn't waver.  "Well, if you don't 
feel like telling me, that's fine.  I'm not going to press 
it."  He looked them over again.  "I suppose since you 
people just dropped out of the clear blue sky, you don't 
have a place to stay, right?"  Tenchi shook his head.  "I 
thought so.  Come on, I know of a relatively safe place."
	Tenchi looked back at his friends, and shrugged.  
Ryoko, however, wasn't as willing to accept the offer out-
of-hand.  "Tenchi!" she whispered in his ear.  "How do we 
know we can trust this guy?  He might be leading us to some 
place with more of those things."
	Before Tenchi could answer, Tregol whirled around.  "I 
heard what you said, Ryoko," he said, the anger very clear 
in his voice.  "Do you question my honor?"
	Ryoko actually looked stunned that anyone would talk to 
her in that manner.  She was just about to pop off a smart 
answer and ask if he wanted to fight about it when Tenchi's 
hand clapped over her mouth.  "She didn't mean anything," 
Tenchi said hurriedly.  "It's just that we've been in 
situations where supposed friends have turned out to be 
enemies.  We've learned to be careful."
	Tregol gave a curt nod.  "Fine," he said.  "I can 
understand it since you put it that way.  But, I would 
appreciate not being questioned.  My honor is one of the few 
things I have left, so it's a sore spot for me when people 
question it.  Now, if you care to grace my humble home with 
your presence, follow me."
----
	They arrived at a building that looked like it might 
once have been an apartment complex, but was now charred and 
blackened, the signs of the fire it had been in all too 
obvious.  "People, this is where I live," Tregol said, 
motioning to the building.  "It's not much to look at, but 
it keeps you dry in the rain and warm in the winter."
	Ayeka eyed the building with a distaste that she kept 
carefully hidden and reminded herself that they could be 
sleeping on the streets that night with no shelter at all.  
She made a gracious gesture, the diplomatic lessons she had 
endured coming in handy at last.  "Thank you for your 
hospitality, Tregol.  We are honored that you have offered 
us your home for the night."
	Tregol nodded and gave them a genuine smile.  "It is 
the least I can do.  The streets aren't safe at night, or 
anytime for that matter."  He opened the door and bowed 
low, very gentlemanly, motioning for them to go in ahead of 
him.
	When they did, they saw several people sitting inside 
what had once been the lobby.  Some were reading books, some 
were engaged in amicable conversation, and some were simply 
sitting around.  One of the men walked up to Ryoko and Ayeka 
with an eager grin and an eager eye.  "Well, well, well, 
what have we here?" the man said.  "Fresh meat, I see."  
	He reached out an exceedingly hairy hand to grab a 
certain rounded part of Ryoko's lower anatomy, but Tregol 
stepped between them.  "Not these two, Alan," he said, 
pushing the man's hand away.  "They're taken."
	Alan looked them over with an approving smile, then 
turned back to Tregol.  "You aren't starting to cheat on 
Luna, now are you Tregol?  I thought that went against your 
personal code of honor."
	Tregol shook his head, apparently unfazed.  "Nope," 
he replied.  "His girlfriends."  He jerked a thumb in 
Tenchi's direction.
	Alan grinned again, and shook his head.  "You're a 
lucky bastard, you know that?" he said to Tenchi.  "See 
you later."  With that, he turned and started trying to woo 
Kiyone with his charms.
	Tregol turned back to them with an amused expression.  
"That was Alan Durr.  You'll have to forgive his behavior, 
he gets a little weird when he's away from civilization for 
a month.  He just got back from a hunting trip in the woods 
yesterday."
	Suddenly, a small, lithe figure threw herself into 
Tregol's arms and planted her lips against his.  It was a 
young girl, no more than fifteen years old, with shoulder-
length brown hair and blue eyes, wearing a white T-shirt 
with a pair of tan cargo pants and a black cloak covering 
the whole thing.  She wrapped her arms around his neck in a 
tight grip and pressed her lips to Tregol's.  Tregol wrapped 
his own arms around her waist and held her close, stroking 
her back.  When they finally broke off to breathe, they 
touched their foreheads together and smiled at each other.  
"I missed you," the girl said.  "What kept you so long?"
	"Aw, I had to clean out some leeches," Tregol said.  
"Also brought home some new guests."
	"Oh," the girl said, looking over and noticing Tenchi 
and his friends for the first time.  "How do you do?" she 
asked them, not letting go of Tregol.
	"People, this is my lovely girlfriend, Luna," Tregol 
said, not letting go of her either.  "Luna, these are 
Tenchi and his friends, daring adventurers from another 
dimension."
	"Oh?" Luna said teasingly.  "They don't look like 
they have four arms or ten eyes."  She winked at them to 
show she was kidding.
	"They were attacked by a leech and I saved them," 
Tregol said, nuzzling into Luna's neck a little, to her 
obvious enjoyment if the purring sound she made was any 
indication.  "They probably would have gotten him 
themselves after a few minutes, but it was one I had warned 
off before, so I decided to speed things up a bit."  He 
then looked over at Tenchi and his friends.  "Please, make 
yourselves comfortable," he said.  "There's some food in 
the back and the `guest rooms' are just off the stairs on 
the third floor."  He then went back to the business of 
making out with Luna.
	Tenchi turned back to his friends and shrugged.  "Hey, 
gang, it could be-worse," he said, then stared at the scene 
before him.  Alan Durr had apparently won over Kiyone, 
Mihoshi was desperately trying to get out a spot on her 
shirt by licking her fingers and rubbing them over it, Washu 
was examining the projector and removing parts that could be 
salvaged, and Yosho was trying to help Nobuyoki keep Ryoko 
and Ayeka separate.  Tenchi sighed.  "This is going to be a 
long stay," he muttered to himself.


Author's Note:
	So, whaddya think?  If you have any questions, 
comments, or suggestions about this story, write to 
Vault_Keeper_2000@yahoo.com.  Criticism will be taken into 
consideration, but outright insults are not acceptable.
