Disclaimer:Before I begin, let me state that I do not own any of the
Tenchi characters.They are the property of AIC and Pioneer.  So please
don't sue me!

    "When a female sayen lands on earth, she is greeted by Tenchi and
the gang"

    My name is Ookami-Oko but my friends call me Kachina. I'm a female
sayen who accidently landed on the planet earth and met a group of
people who...sorry I'm getting ahead of myself. I was in my living space
ship looking down at the planet earth when I was instantly alerted by
Ushi, my space ship, that there was a leak on
the south deck allowing most of our fuel to escape in to space. We had
to land  and
find a way to fix it. Sounds routine right? I wish it were....      We
landed in a forest near an old shrine and were instantly confronted by a
person I thought I would never see.
    "Ryoko! Is that you?!" I exclaimed bearly hidding the content on my
face. "Well if it isn't the almighty -Kachina-! Didn't think I'd see you
again! What are you doing here?!" She asked " Hold on a second let me
get Ushi.....Alright Ushi you can change back." Soon The ship had
morphed into a small cow-like creature. (hint the name "Ushi") When he
had completely changed back I heard a happy "Miya!" and in bounded Ryo
Ohkis. A few minutes later after the two were playing around the forest
floor (and I explained my situation to Ryoko) a young man and five other
women came running toward us.
    "What was that?!" the guy exclaimed. Then he must have noticed me
because "oh.." was what was said next. Later that night I found myself
at a dinner table surrounded by those I had met earlier and two other
men. One of them kept looking in my direction. " So tell me miss, what
are your plans on earth." asked the older man who I found out to be the
young man's(who's name was Tenchi Masaki) grandfather." Well I'm not
sure exactly, but in the mean time I  have to find a fuel scource for
Ushi."  "Say old buddy, " Ryoko said looking in my direction, " Do ya
still have that special bottle of sake ya used to keep on ya?" she asked
hopefully.
" Think it's hidden in the fur of my wolf form." said smiling a little.
I pulled out a small gem and pressed it to my forehead. I felt myself
growing fur and paws and changing untill I was a complete wolf. I
searched my fur until I found what I was looking for. I changed back and
handed the bottle to Ryoko who started waving it around the room,
laughing like an idiot. "Very interesting" the young women Washu said
with a gleem in  her eye. I knew that could only mean trouble....

TO BE COTINUED
                     writen by Kachina herself
