                 Tenchi's Adventure!
                   BY Silver Wolf
(digimonXover&TM)

Everything was fine that summer Tenchi and the rest of the girls were having
a picnic outside since it was a beautiful day that evening.Tenchi was
sitting
on a small hill while Ryoko and Ayeka were bothe sitting on each side of
him.But from most of their time with Tenchi they would just fight but since
today was a perfect day. They didn't want to ruining it for Tenchi (that and
because Tenchi told not to fight this day for the hundredth time!)

Then there was Washu who was typing like mad on her little computer.hoping
to
make another scientific breaktrough but for some strange reason it won't
function.Washu then held her head up to the sky and quietly said hmmm this
isn't good.

And finally there was Kiyone,Mihoshi,and Sasami were the nearest to the red
and white cover wich was underneth all the food.having a conversasion about
what happen in the past.Then sSasami put down her cup to say something.

It was surely some adventure we had these past few years Sasami said
smiling.

You said it Sasami repled mihoshi.

Not to mentoin the damages we had to repair to the house and bills.....UGH
don't let me started with the bills.said Kiyone

Well I better put the food up before it gets cold. said Sasami then
gathering
all the contents then enering the house

everything was fine until something unbelieveable happen....

Tenchi was enjoying the sites until he noticed onething coming down from the
sky.HUH? its snowing? how is it even possible? tenchi said as curious in his
whole entire life.

Soon one by one everyone else noticed the snow.Ecept Sasami who was in the
house to see whats happening.

Then Ryoko looked up to the sky to see where the snow is coming from but all
she found was another unbelieveable thing happen and said look!

Everyone looked up to the sky to see a large portal opening above them.Then
Washu came up to say.

Hmmmm entresting! it seemed to be a temporal dimension wormportal.

Then several things came out of the portal.they all fall down near each one
a
moment later they were lifted from the air hovering close by them then each
one grabed them and saw that they were strange devices.

Then suddenly portal opened even wider then it sucked all of them up.

Aurthers Notes.............. Man! gee I wonder where they all are going to
end up! and will there be trouble for them well then it all depends on the
next chapter of Tenchi's Adventure at www.tmffa.com
