  TENCHI VS. KAZUYA
  -----------------
  by Tharkon aka Ronny Hedin
  in response to fcasper's "Write a fight in one hour" challenge
  Notes below...

         *         *         *         *         *         *         *

  "Come in."

  The door opened, and Kazuya glanced towards the man who entered. As
expected, it was his advisor.

  "So, how goes the acquiring of land for our newest project?"

  The man looked somewhat troubled - like most yak heads, his boss did not
like failures. "Well," he began, "we were able to buy most of it, at
good prices, as expected. There's one family, though, that refuse to sell,
and the boys that were sent there to convince them are now under hospital
care."

  "Troublemakers?" Kazuya harrumphed. "What do we know about them?"

  The advisor placed a file on his boss' desk, and Kazuya opened it.

  "Masaki, eh? Now where have I heard that name before?" He started
skimming the papers, but soon, he read something that caught his
attention. A grim smile crossed his lips briefly. 

  "I think I have the perfect solution for this little problem."

  As the scene faded out, a devilish laugh could be heard...

         *         *         *         *         *         *         *

  Tenchi stood outside the house facing the stranger in the purple suit.
"So," he said, "if I beat you in unarmed combat, your goons will stop
harassing us?"

  Kazuya smiled politely. "And if I win, you will sell your land to me,
at the price you were originally offered."

  The boy pondered this for a while, and then nodded. "Where?"

  "On that field over there will do fine. Just make sure your friends
stay out of this," Kazuya added, looking at the three women who where
eyeing him suspiciously.

         *         *         *         *         *         *         *

  For what seemed like an eternity, they just stood there, at about five
meters distance, looking intently at each other. Even the birds were quiet
as the two combatants were fighting the inner, unseen battle of wills, of
who would begin, who would get the first strike.

  Then, suddenly, with a roar, Kazuya coverd the distance in one long
leap, hitting Tenchi's head with a kick, rotated as he landed and put the
boy off-balance witha foot-sweep, and finally following up with a fierce
high round-house kick, sending Tenchi flying backwards.

  Though it had hurt him severely, Tenchi managed to execute a somersault
and land on his feet. His opponent had expected this, though, and running
after the boy, he raised his right hand in the air, where it could be seen
crackle with energy, and struck Tenchi with a hard blow, once again
sending him backwards.

  This time, Tenchi landed heavily on the ground, and Kazuya lept down to
strike him, though the boy managed to get his legs up in time to throw
his opponent away.

  The fact that Kazuya's hand had pulsed blue was not lost on him, and as
he swiftly jumped to his feet, he drew the Tenchi-ken from his belt. "Very
well - two can play at this game," he though. Blocking a kick with his
left arm, he concentrated his inner strength, and the familiar bluish
blade appeared from the handle.

  For several moments, they just circled each other warily. Kazuya tried
to grab Tenchi for a throw, and the boy saw his opening. He tore open a
huge wound in his opponent's chest with the blade of energy.

  Kazuya fell to the ground, breathing heavily. "Good," he said hoarsely,
coughing up blood, "but not good enough." To Tenchi's surprise, the body
began pulsating with energy all over, and somehow, it seemed to grow.

  The suit was torn apart as the muscular, purple-ish limbs became too
big, and as the monstrous shape started floating in the air, wings
appeared.

  "Now", Devil-Kazuya laughed evilly as the sky turned black, "let's
finish this."

  A beam of energy shot out from the monster's eyes and struck Tenchi's
chest, burning it badly. Another beam followed that one, and another, and
another.

  Tenchi was heavily wounded, he knew he could not take it much longer,
there was only one thing left to do. While the Devil turned his face to
the sky, gathering energy for the final, killing, beam, Tenchi
concentrated what was left of his will, and as the blue bolt of energy
once again leapt out towards the boy, the radiant hawk wings shimmered
in the air in front of him.

  As the beam struck the wings, it bounced back, and taken totally by
surprise, Devil-Kazuya was sent to the ground.

  Tenchi lept high into the air, raised the Tenchi-ken above him, and as
he came down again, he struck down, putting it deep into the monstrous
chest.

  The sky began regaining it's normal, blue color, and the monstrous body
faded away, returning to it's human shape.

         *         *         *         *         *         *         *

  END. Total writing time: 52 minutes.

  Yeah, I know it's a cheesy title, but I'm really lousy at those, and
if I were to come up with something could, the time would probably have
to surpass the hour by quite a lot. ^_^

  It's kinda sudden-death in the end, I suppose I should have put in
more real fighting with devil, but I had originally though writing should
be pretty quick, and when I saw how much time it had took to get up to
the point of transformation, I kinda' panicked. Plus, of course, it's
not easy describing a long fight in writing without getting boring.

  Yeah, this is my first fanfic, so go easy on me, OK? I'm aware it's
quite lousy, but I'm quite lazy a guy, and it took all my strength of
will just to write this.

  English is not my native language. That is *not* a lousy excuse for
bad grammar and/or spelling - quite the opposite. It means I *really*
appreciate any help with those - how else can I improve? I prefer that
kind of comments in email, though.

  Kazuya / Devil-Kazuya is Kazuya Mishima, Big Bad Boss of Namco's
PSX 3D-fighter Tekken 2, and Tenchi is Tenchi of Tenchi Muyo,
obviously. Another reason for writing less is that it's been a while
since I played Tekken 2, and all I really remember of Kazuya is the
leap-spin-high-low-high-kick. ^_^
