Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo TV, Dragon Ball Z, Evangelion, Final 
Fantasy VII, or Turok 2, so don't sue me. My webpage 
<http://www.geocities.com/ultima_trev/UltimaTechHomepage.html> is being updated 
constantly, and I hope to see you visit and sign my
guestbook. On with the fucking fic already...

Tenchi Muyo TV 2
Part II: "Kain's Ruthless Father"
------------------------------------
By Ultima Trev

Setting: Jurai throneroom, Achika is in total shock because she has sensed 
Kain's true power. Kain is in pure delight as he sees Achika shedding
tears because she feels her rivals horrible power...

Kain: "My dear Achika, I can feel your pain. I can sense you fear me, you fear 
I'm going to kill you, regardless of how weak and helpless you are."

Achika then falls to her knees, with her face in her hands. She is crying as if 
some one close to her has died...

Kain: "That's right my little Achika, cry the pain away. It will comfort you as 
I mutilate you limb by limb."
Achika: "Why must you kill me? I pose no threat to you..."
Kain: * Damn it, I'm starting to feel sorry for her. I must get someone to 
finish her. I would feel too guilty finishing her off. I mean, she's beautiful,
and to me she's as fragile as a fly. Deep down I love her, but I also know she 
has to be destroyed... * "I wish I could spare you, but my instincts
would never allow it."
"Get over your sentimental ways son. You know damn well she could get to our 
level if she trains hard enough..."
Kain: "Who are you?"
Buu: "Thousands of years ago, I have raped several women during my rampage 
accross the universe. But out of all those women, only 2 gave
birth. Those children were non other than you and the space pirate Ryouko."
Achika: * Ryouko... Do they mean Tenchi's old friend Ryouko? My God..."
Kain: "She was one of my opponents when I was fighting Achika here in 1970!"
Buu: "Yes, my traits weren't that strong with her. If they were, she would've 
been a monster of true destruction like us..."

At the sacred shrine...

Son Gokou: "Kamehameha!"
Majin Vegita: "Gamet gun fire!"

Son Gokou and Vegita's blast unite in the most spectacular SSJ2 war, ever. The 
entire Jurai star system is being lit up...

Tenchi: "What the hell is that?"
Kain: "I had no idea Saiya-jins were so powerful!"
Buu: "You turned Vegita into your servent, right?"
Kain: "Yes..."
Buu: "My creator has handed that powerdown  to me, as I have handed that power 
down to you..."
Kain: "I see, so I must really be your son after all..."
Buu: "Correct."
Tenchi (bursting through the throne room door): "Master, I fell an immense and 
disturbing presence."
Kain: "I will go examine this battle..."
Buu: "I see this is another one of your henchmen..."
Kain: "Yes, it is."
Buu: "I say all three of us should go..."
Turok (who was not far behind tenchi): "You're not going anywhere!"

Fireseed fires off a shot from the Fusion Cannon, but the 3 evil dietys teleport 
out of harms way...

Turok: "Damn it, I was so close to avenging the death of my people!"

Turok then sees Achika kneeling in a pool of her tears...

Turok: "Did those bastards hurt you in anyway?"
Achika: "Kain, he's just to poweful, and his father is even stronger..."
Turok: * The hell is she babbling about?"
Adon: "She is afraid of the power that those demons possess. Even your 
Chronoceptor won't be enough to faze them..."
Turok: "That's a load of bull!"
Adon: "I can only think of one thing that can stop them."
Turok: "Oh really?"
Adon: "The Ultra Dragon sword. Spread accross the planet Earth, there is 3 
artifacts that you must collect and combine to create this
monstrousity of a sword. (1) The Ultima Sword that is kept by the raging dragon 
known as the ULTIMATE WEAPON. (2)The cannon known as
the Missing Score, which in kept in the high secured facility known as the 
Shinra building. (3) The legendary Masamune Katana, in which it's
whereabouts  are unknown..."
Turok: "Uh, how do I get to this so called Earth?"
Adon: "You will need the assistance of a Jurai battlecruiser, or Son Gokou's 
Hyperdrive teleporting capabilites..."

Later as Buu, Kain, and Majin Tenchi have arrived at the battlefield, Gokou and 
Vegita'a energy are already maxed out from the previous energy
war...

Son Gokou: "I'll have to use my pure destructive form, or this will go on for 
ever..."

As Gokou summons energy to go SSJ3, he feels another familiar presence...

Son Gokou: "Damn it, Majin Buu is still alive!"
Buu: "Though I barely managed to avoid death from the battle with Veghetto, I 
was able to recover none the less."
Son Gokou: "No, this ruins everything!"
Buu: "Vegita, I wish to finish this scum myself."
Majin Vegita: "As you wish my lord."
Buu: "Now Gokou, you will go through the hell That Veghetto put me through!"

Gokou goes SSJ3, then Buu then powers up to his ultimate level...

Kain: * My traits for power definetly came from him. *
Buu: "Now Gokou, let's see how much you've improved..."
Son Gokou: "You got it, pal. Ka... Me... Ha... Me... Ha!"

Gokou launches his awesome Kamehameha wave, but it is easily absorbed by Buu's 
A.T. Field...

Buu: "Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!"
Son Gokou: "You won't be laughing soon... Despell!"

Son Gokou uses the FF7 magic spell to UNPOSSESS Vegita...

Vegita: "Damn it, how the Hell did I get here?"
Son Gokou: "Vegita, you were under Kain's spell."
Vegita: "Now I remember."
Son Gokou: "We must destroy both Kain and his father, NOW!
Vegita: "Father?"
Son Gokou: "His father is none other than Majin Buu."
Vegita: "That bastard!"
Son Gokou: "Vegita, we must do the fusion dance!"
Vegita: "Damn it Kakarotto, you know I hate that!"
Son Gokou: "Damn it Vegita, we don't have a choice!"
Vegita: "You win."
Gokou and Vegita (Doing the Fusion dance): "Fusion... Ha!"

They form the mighty SSJ2 Gogeta...

Gogeta: "I sure am glad that I didn't change into that fat, deformed gas tank. 
He really smelled up the place."
Buu: "My dear son, why don't you go ahead and show these pathetic Saiya-jins 
what true power really is."
Kain: "Yes father."

Kain then begins an incredible transformation, a transformation that sorta looks 
like Tenchi, but taller with long red hair and red eyes...

Gogeta: "Oh shit..."
Kain: "Never before has anyone seen the true power of Kain, and now it's time I 
release my wrath on you."

All of the sudden a Jurai fighter jet arrives, and out pops a certain woman...

Gogeta: "Achika, get out of here. It's too dangerous!"
Kain: "Achika, do as they say."
Achika: * Kain, he's taken on a new form, but why is he concerned about my 
safety? *
Buu: "Son, what is the meaning of this? I told you you need to erase your mind 
of emotions."
Kain: "No father, I hae seen the light, your ways of evil were wrong, and 
becouse of your chromosones I was forced to live a life of hatred and
sorrow, but no longer will I do so!"
Gogeta: "That's right Kain, fight your fathers heratige!"
Buu: "It doesn't matter if you choose to betray your nature son, the pint is 
I'll win this fight anyway..."
Gogeta: "Bullshit!"
Buu: "It's time you experienced forms of me never experienced!"

Authors note: This is where it get's funny...

Choir: "Digimon, Digital monsters, Digimon are the champions!"
Buu: "Super Majin Buu, Digivolve to..."
Choir: "Digivolve into Ultimate."
Buu: "Ultra Majin Buu!"
Achika: "We're done for!"

Kain then releases Tenchi from his spell...

Tenchi: "Oh my God, where is Kiyone!"
Achika: "Tenchi, you've been Despelled!"
Tenchi: "Mother, it's you, I knew you'd come to help us fight Kain!"
Achika: "I'm afraid Kain is the least of our troubles Tenchi..."
Gogeta: "Buu is now every problem."
Tenchi: "Buu?"
Achika: "An evil demon created several thousands of years ago, who just happens 
to be the father of Kain and Ryouko..."
Kiyone: "Tenchi, that M is gone, you're free at last!"
Tenchi: "There you are my love."
Kain: "I think we'd better come up with a game plan, and fast..."
"You need not worry, I will take him."
Achika: "Father, what are you doing here? And are you insane!?"
Yosho: "Achika, give me the master key. It's time I awaken the power that hasn't 
been used since the battle with Ninalithe thousands of years
ago..."
Achika: "If you say so."

As soon as Achika hands Yosho the sword, he reverts to his 20 year old self...

Choir: "Digimon, Digital Mosters, Digimon are the champions!"
Yosho: "Yosho, warp digivolve to..."
Choir: "Warp Digivolve."
Yosho: "Yosho Supreme!"

Tenchi: "What?"
Yosho: "Jurainan Nobels have the power to restore their youth."
Achika: "I see..."
Gogeta: "Incredible, very few Saiya-jins possess that ability."
Yosho: "And now it's time I unleash my Fury! Limit Break: Omnislash!" (FF VII)

Yosho with the master key unleashes a viscious several hit combo on Buu...

Buu (battered and bruised): "Damn you, my energy level took a nose dive. I had 
no idea that you Juraiasn were so capable, but now you die!"

Buu then goes back to his normal Majin Buu form...

Buu: "Now this is where the fun begins!"
Choir: "Digimon, Digital Monsters, digimon are the champions!"
Buu: "Majin Buu, warp digivolve to..."
Choir: "Warp Digivolve!"
Buu: "Omega Majin Buu."
Yosho: "Let's run, now!"

Yosho, Gogeta, Tenchi, Achika, Kain, Azaka, Kamidake, and Kiyone flea for their 
lives...

Buu: "That's okay, I have more important matters to deal with on planet 
Earth..."

Meanwhile, Turok and Adon have come out of Light speed, as they were piloting a 
Jurai battle cruiser...

Adon: "I believe this is the planet known as Earth..."
Turok: "At last..."

End of Part II. Next time on Tenchi Muyo TV, Turok and Adon run into the 
monstrous Ultimate WEAPON, where they have a viscious battle. It
just so happens that Our Juraian/Saiyajin heroes have regrouped at the sacred 
place to think of a new game plan. While that is going down, Buu
pays an unexpected and unpleasent visit to Trev, the co CEO and co president of 
Ultima Tech. Buu claims he could feel his power from Jurai, and
labels him as a threat. Can Trev overcome this wicked demon? Find out next time 
on Tenchi Muyo TV2: Beyond the Ultima Power...
