				Chapter II: "No Need For Achika's Revival"
		"As Achika dresses up, she exits the laboratory and looks around the house. Ih my gosh,
it's the house Nobuyuki builted. she gasped while noticing the house, she went room by room from top to
bottom. After finally getting bit of her memory back in place, dawn approached, and the time-traveling
quest to bring magic back to 1000 years in the past begins. Achika was still looking around, then she
went down to the kitchen and cooked breakfast. While cooking, Washu woke up, noticed her machine was
empty, she walked out of her lab and searched for Lady Achika."
	      "Achika! Lady Achika! she scratched her head and thought to herself. (Hmm...now where
could she be?) I got to find her before Tenchi and the others see her. As Achika finished making
breakfast she looked and saw Washu. Washu turned around to where Lady Achika is standing."
	      "Miss Achika, we have to return to the laboratory before Tenchi and the others see you.
Washu complied.
	      "After Washu took Achika back to her laboratory, she refixed her memories about Jurai,
her full-grown son and the six guests living with him. It was now 9:00 AM and everyone was up and
ready for their quest. they were stunned after seeing the table."
	      "Hmm...I wonder who made breakfast this time? Ayeka thought. Could it be Miss Washu?
Sasami asked. Guess i'll have to go and ask her. Wanna come Ryo-ohki? Reow! Ryo-ohki nodded as
they both looked for Washu. Washu! Sasami shouted while knocking on her Laboratory door. Then,
Sasami opened it and searched for Washu in her Interdimensional Laboratory."
	       "Ah Sasami. i've been waiting for you, come on in. There's someone i'd like you to
meet Washu escorted Sasami to her laboratory, and she smirked turning to Sasami."
	        "Allow me to introduce to you Sasami, The Return of Achika Juraaaaaiiiii Masaki!!
Washu said, as spotlights switched on and off around Lady Achika. Sasami gasped with a suprised
look on her face and did not believe what she is seeing with her own eyes. L...L...Lady Achika...?
No it can't be... she mumbled.
	         "BLAST IT! Ryoko shouted whille stuffing her mouth. Ryoko those are very rude
manners your using Ayeka replied, while finishing up her breakfast, Ryoko began clinging on Tenchi
again."
	         "Tenchi...you know that Ayeka has had five plates of eggs and biscuits then everyone
else. Not only that she's been munching on sausages, and bacon what a pig Ryoko fibbed. That's a lie
Ryoko! Ayeka shouted. You wanna fight i'll give you one Ryoko said. now you two, don't kill yourselves
before the the quest  Tenchi interrupted. Before it even began, Sasami entered the room. Guys!!!!
everyone was silent now. What is it Sasami? Kiyone asked. Is Miss Washu coming out yet Mihoshi said."
	          "Settle down i would like to welcome you...(drumroll) Lady Achika Jurai Masaki is back
and in the flesh! Sasami shouted as Achika walked in slowly, wearing her wedding kimono, she stopped
and looked at the group for a moment. M...M...Mother Tenchi said shockingly. I'm not a ghost Tenchi,
i'm really alive she said, while smiling at her son slightly. Washu refreshed my memory. When Kain was
defeated, Ryoko and Ayeka erased Nobuyuki's memories and myself after Kain died back in 1970.
Washu told me about the quest. You mean your going to join us on the revive "magic" for Kuja Tribal
and Lord Kefka? Ayeka asked in a stunned way."
	           "That's right Achika answered. Before we go we need to report to the Galaxy Police
Headquarters and let them know we're going to be gone for a while Kiyone replied. Good idea Kiyone,
I'll start up Yugami. Tenchi if you see either Kuja and Kefka, tell them we went to Galaxy Police
Headquarters and report to them about this assignment and where it's at Mihoshi said. Yes Mihoshi
Tenchi agreed. The two GP detectives flew off to Headquarters and spread the word. As Yugami
disappeared, Kuja and Kefka made one last appearance at the Masaki Household"
	           "Everyone all set and ready for their quest...Before Kefka could finish, Kuja walked
over to Lady Achika and looked at her oddly. Hmmm...i never mentioned seeing you before, but you
look quite familiar"
	           "Well allow me to introduce myself. I am Lady Achika Jurai Masaki, daughter of Yosho,
Nobuyuki's wife, and mother of Tenchi Masaki Achika said.
	            "Hmm...Well another Juraian joining the fun which reminded me where's Mihoshi and
Kiyone? Kuja replied. They went to the Galaxy Police Headquarters for a moment they'll return shortly
Sasami answered."
	             "Alright we'll return to "The World of Balance" and when Kiyone and Mihoshi return
your incredible journey begins. Kuja said as he and Kefka hopped back on the White Dragon. Farewell
until we meet again. The dragon flew off back to The World of "Balance" 1000 years in the past.
Galaxy Police Headquarters, In the Commanders office, Mihoshi and Kiyone discuss the situation to the
commander."
	              "I see, so Kuja wants you to help revive "magic." Hmmm....Kiyone Makibi and Mihoshi
Enthusiasts, if you survive, i'll promote you both to Lieutenant. good luck. The two saluted and headed for
their office. Alright Mihoshi time to suit up. Get in your battle outfit and weaponry. they say in Kefka and
Kuja's world they use Magitek weaponry so be careful and use your head Kiyone told Mihoshi while taking
her headband off and putting her Trenchcoat on. The Trenchcoat was equipped with weapons and items
for the journey. Mihoshi putted on her battle outfit and headed to the cockpit of Yugami and waited for
Kiyone to come aboard."
                               "Mihoshi are you alright? you act different, you don't seem like your klutzy self today.
Kiyone said. Well Kiyone i don't want to ruin your promotion that's all, just doing something right for a change
said Mihoshi."
	                "Kiyone nodded slowly. I see well let's go back to the others they're waiting for us. Kiyone
started Yugami up and setted it's course back to earth. The others sat down, waiting for them to come back.
Blast it.. Ryoko yawned. How long is it going to take...? Be patient Ryoko they will be here very soon Achika
said. Look! Yugami is coming to land! shouted Sasami. Incoming let's move out of their way and fast said Yosho.
The group moved out of the way for Yugami to land. Kiyone and Mihoshi jumped out of their ship and surprised
the group. Hello everyone we're back Mihoshi shouted. Ryoko hovered around Kiyone staring at her like a vulture.
Hey Kiyone what's with the Sherlock Holmes get up? she asked. Well it's a little something from Headquarters.
Kiyone answered. She opened her Trenchcoat and showed the inside of it to everyone. Wow Kiyone seems
Headquarters equipped you with alot of heavy equipment Sasami said."
		  "Azaka and Kamidake appear on the stage once again. The journey to revive "magic"
begins as Tenchi and the others pack up and get started said Kamidake said. get set for the next exciting
chapter in the Tenchi Muyo saga Tenchi Fantasy IV Azaka said."