Disclaimer: I Do not own Tenchi Muyo or Final Fantasy. Final Fantasy was created by Hironobu Sakaguchi and Tenchi Muyo was created by Masaki Hashima.		              
				      Tenchi Fantasy IV (Edited Version)
			     	 The Crystal and Lady Achika Come Back...
			      Based on an idea by Gerald Scarfe and Space Pirate Coral
			          The Edited Version Written by Space Pirate Coral
		                         Based on the Pioneer Anime Series "Tenchi Muyo"
                         		            "Tenchi Universe" and "Tenchi In Tokyo"
			            And the Video Game Series "Final Fantasy"
			          By Masaki Hashima and Hironobu Sakaguchi
			        	     Starring The Cast of Characters:
			       	Tenchi Masaki, Ryoko Hakubi, Ayeka Jurai,
			            Sasami Jurai, Washu Hakubi, Mihoshi Enthusiasts,
			               Kiyone Makibi, Nobuyuki Masaki, Kuja Tribal.
			             Katsuhito "Yosho" Masaki, Achika Jurai Masaki,
			             Necron, Gilgamesh, Azaka, Kamidake, Ghost of
                           		                  Ken-Ohki, Ryo-ohki, Nagi, and Kefka.

				Chapter I: "No Need For Kefka and Kuja"
                "It was a quiet morning in the Masaki Household. Our heroes, exausted after
rescuing Tenchi from Haruna, the girl Yosho fell
in love with while living at Planet Jurai. Good Morning Tenchi! Ryoko Shouted. Ryoko!
didn't i tell you not to come in here uninvited?! i'd like to dress while no one is looking
at my underwear. Tenchi yelled. But Ryoko payed no attention and started clinging on Tenchi.
Tenchi, breakfast is ready. Sasami said. "Breakfast..." Mihoshi drooled. "She's at it again"
Kiyone mumbled and sighed. Be down in a minute. Tenchi replied.
Don't forget Sword Practice is after breakfast. Yosho replied. Yes grandpa. Tenchi said.
Good day Lord Tenchi. Ayeka said smiling. Morning Miss Ayeka. Tenchi nodded and
walked down the steps to breakfast."
                "Outside the Masaki Household, a young man with white-greyish hair and a
goldcollared uniform suited on him and riding on a white dragon. With him, another man
with makeup allover his face (eyes and lips). The White Dragon landed safely on the ground,
a few inches by the Masaki Household gateway where Azaka and Kamidake stood."
                "The men walked to the gate, before they could get in, Azaka and Kamidake
blocked their way. Halt! who goes there unknown travelers. the two guardians spoke
at the same time.
                "Allow me to introduce ourselves. My name is Kuja Tribal, and this is my
insane partner Lord Kefka. We're here to see Princess Ayeka Jurai on a meeting, so if you can
kindly let us through we won't intend any violence. Do we have a deal gentlemen? said Kuja.
                "The two discussed about it telepathically and gave them their answer.
All right you may enter. said Azaka. Welcome to the Masaki Household, enjoy your pleasant stay.
said Kamidake. Hmph, two talking logs, never thought Planet Jurai invented wildlife,
Uwa! ha! ha! ha! ha! Kefka laughed. while walking to the doorstep and knocked on the door."
                "Washu walked to the door and opened it surprisingly Excuse me do you happen
to know where we can meet a Ayeka Jurai? Kuja asked. Hmmm... what business do you have
with Ayeka? never mentioned she invited a clown and his ringmaster. Washu replied.
Who are you two anyhow? she asked. I'm Kuja Tribal and this is Lord Kefka. Kuja said and bowed.
And you are? Kefka asked. I'm Washu Hakubi: The Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe!
Washu replied as two mechanical Washus appeared on her shoulders."
                "Yay Washu your a genius! Three Cheers for Washu the Genius!"
                "Kuja and Kefka stood there as sweatdrops appeared on there face and fell of
their heads. And you two can call me Little Washu Hakubi okay. she said kawaiily"
                       "Well i can introduce you to the group, come on in. Washu agreed and invited
them in the Masaki Household. Ahem, ladies and gentlemen allow me to introduce you to Kuja Tribal
and Lord Kefka. Kiyone thoughted. "That man next to Kuja looks like he joined the circus"
The Group introduced. themselves one by one."
	        "I'm Tenchi Masaki, pleased to meet you Kuja Tribal and Lord Kefka.
I'm Kiyone Makibi, First-Class Galaxy Police Detective. I'm Nobuyuki Masaki, Yosho's son and
Tenchi's father. I'm Galaxy Police Detective First-Class Mihoshi Enthusiasts. Ryoko Hakubi, The
Galaxy's Deadliest Space Pirate. Katsuhito "Yosho" Masaki, Shrine Priest, Nobuyuki's father and
Tenchi's grandfather. Sasami Jurai, Princess of Jurai, and Ayeka Jurai's sister. and 
I'm Ayeka Jurai, Princess and heir to the throne of Jurai. Kuja and Lord Kefka bowed their heads
to the gang and took a seat."
	         "I was wondering if i mind not mistaken, where are you from? and how did you know 
about Jurai and the royal bloodline? Ayeka asked. I'll explain to you your majesty. Kefka 
explained to Ayeka and the others about their home.
                          "Long ago, The War of the Magi reduced the world to a scorch wasteland and magic 
ceased to exist. 1000 years have passed... Iron, gunpowder, and steam engines have been 
rediscovered and high technology reigns. But there are some who would enslave the world 
by reviving the dread destructive force known as "magic." Can it be that those in power are on 
the verge of repeating a senseless and deadly mistake?"
              	           "So you're from 1000 years in the past and when magic,humans, and creatures called 
"Espers" existed back then. Yosho interrupted Kefka. Correct Yosho, we came here to assign you 
on a quest to revive magic and open the doors to the Esper World. Kefka said"
                            "Oh this is too perfect! sounds like fun, we'll do it! shouted Ryoko. 
Now Ryoko, don't get too excited, it could be dangerous. before Ayeka could finish, 
Ryoko interrupted her. Unless your a scardy cat, old maid. Ryoko smirked. Ayeka began turning red
all over, looking at Ryoko with anger in her eyes. You have no right to call a Princess of 
Jurai's Royal Family an old maid! We'll accept the invitation. Kiyone agreed. It's done then.
Kefka said. The journey will begin at dawn be sure you get plenty of rest and pack up things
you need to survive this task. Kuja replied. We shall be off now, come Kuja. said Kefka. As the
two walked of the home, hopped on their White Dragon, and flew off back to their time. Azaka!
Kamidake! Ayeka shouted. Yes your highness? the guardians asked. Prepare for tomorrow's adventure
we're going 1000 years to the past! Ayeka said. Washu began thinking for a moment and headed to
her interdimensional laboratory. (Hmm...If i can find a way to revive Lady Achika, she could
might join the group. Washu snapped and an idea came right into her head. Say it might be a good idea.
Washu waited for the group to fall asleep before the night ended."
		"Washu walked up to Achika's gravesite with a shovel in hand, it was 11:00 PM and
everyone was asleep except for Little Washu. She dugged up Lady Achika Jurai Masaki's grave, lifted the
coffin up, opened it slowly the dust disappeared. There lied Achika's body still in perfect condition.
Alright now to fix the grave and dispose the evidence. she said. While repairing the grave and fixing
the Tombstone in it's proper way. Washu sneaked back into her lab quietly carrying Achika's body and lays
her on the chair. Okay Achika just relax and you'll be revived once again before dawn. Washu said as
Operation: Bring Lady Achika back to life began. She thought for a moment, looking at her machines and
capsules. Washu thinked and gotted another idea. She carried Achika and placed her in the machine that
gave the birth of her daughter Ryoko Hakubi, She turned it on and fell fast asleep.
		"Meanwhile, 1000 years in the past, The World of Balance, Magitek Research Facility in
Vector. Kefka and Kuja walked around the facility awaiting the day to arrive soon. The day is soon to
come Kuja once they open the door to the Esper World, our everlasting empire will soon awaken Uwa!
Wa! Wa! Wa! Wa! said Kefka. Precisely we don't need to hypnotize people to make an empire. 
We just need to have someone to wake it up for us. Jurai will soon bow down to our knees.
Kuja replied evily."
	      "Washu's Laboratory, 5:08 AM. The day was almost at foot and Washu's machine was finished,
the lid began opening and Achika awakened. Huh? w...w...where am i? Achika asked. she turned around,
transformed into her wedding clothes and examined the Masaki household."
	      "Curtains began raising up and there stood the guardians Azaka and Kamidake on stage."
		"Seems Kefka and Kuja from the past time aren't who you think they'd be. said Azaka.
Washu's plan worked. Lady Achika is revived, but does not know where she's at or anything else. Kamidake
said. be prepared for the next chapter in the Tenchi Muyo! Saga, Tenchi Fantasy IV Azaka said."