
Pug Productions

*********************************
Author: Pug
cruzd@rpi.edu
web address not yet avaliable.
*********************************

Insert standard disclaimer here:
A fan fiction based on Takahashi Rumiko's Manga series, 
Ranma 1/2.  The characters of Ranma 1/2 are the property of 
TakahashiRumiko and her licensees.

All characters portrayed in this story are owned by their
respective creators and companies.  I don't own any of 
them.  Please don't sue me.


Genra:  Ranma/Tenchi Muyo Alternate Reality, cross-over.


Version notes:

Ver: 1.00 	created: Aug 10 1999
		This is still a draft.  Forgive any spelling or 
		grammar mistakes.

Ver: 1.25	Some spelling and grammar corrections.
		Formatting also cleaned up.
		Change of e-mail address.
		Addition of author's notes at the end.


Previous:	Ranma leaves the Tendo dojo in search of a cure 
		to his curse.  To escape the fiancée mess, his 	
		mother has disowned him from the Saotome clan.  
		In his search, Ranma has come to the Masaki 	
		Shrine and had met the daughter of the priest 	
		there.  Her name is Achika Masaki.
	


The Girl who wasn't and the Princess who was 

Chapter 3.


The Future.

	The room was dim, the only light coming from the 
flickering of an old 8mm film being watched on the screen. 

	"Tenshi-sama, what are we watching?" Ayeka asked.  
She was munching on a seaweed wrapped cracker of which she 
had a bowl full. 

	"It's an old film."  Tenchi explained.  "Sasami-chan 
found it and a bunch of old pictures when she was cleaning 
out the basement.  I didn't even know they were there."

	Tenchi turned his head back to the screen.  The home 
made movie showed a young dark haired girl walking alone 
through a wooded area.

	"Tenchi, who is that girl?"  Sasami looked on 
curiously.  Ryo-Ohki was perched on top of the little 
girl's head as usual.

	"That's my mother Sasami-chan."

	"Ahhh, she's very pretty!"  Sasami said taking 
another cracker from the bowl Ayeka held.

	"She should be, she's a descendent of the Juri 
family.  It's in the royal blood," Ayeka commented. 

	"Funny, don't you have royal blood too, Ayeka?" Ryoko 
asked smirking. She finished the cracker she was munching 
on and reached for another. 

	Ayeka pulled her bowl away.  Glaring at the space 
pirate.

	"Hey!  You can't eat all of it!"  Ryoko growled.  
Ayeka just stuck her tongue out at her, then bit down on a 
cracker.  

	Ryoko went over and grabbed Tenchi's elbow.  
"Tenchi," she said in a fawning voice, "Ayeka is being 
greedy again, eating all those crackers.  Everyone can see 
how much weight she's gained cause she's such a glutton."

	"Uh..." Tenchi said nervously as he looked between 
the princess and the pirate. 

	Before the inevitable fight could begin, Sasami spoke 
up.  "Tenchi, who's that?"  The green haired girl said 
pointing to the screen. 

	Everyone forgot about the argument and looked to the 
film.  There they saw another girl standing next to Achika.  
She was a bit shorter with her hair was tied up in a 
pigtail.  Achika was next to the pigtailed girl the two 
were obviously friends.  Achika seemed to be enjoying the 
day while the other girl had a somewhat annoyed expression. 

	"She looks kind of familiar, can't seem to recall 
from where though."  Ryoko's brows knitted in thought.  

	"I don't know," Tenchi replied.  "I don't think I've 
seen her before.  I guess she was a friend of my mother's."

	As the group continued to watch, an odd thing 
happened.  Almost as if a person was taking an eraser to 
the projected image, Achika and the pigtailed girl began to 
disappear. 

	"Hm, something must be wrong with the film." Tenchi 
got up to check the projector. And then the pain hit him.  
"AAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!" 

	"Tenchi!" Ryoko cried.

	"Oneechan!  What happening to Tenchi!"  Sasami 
grabbed at her sister. 

	"Tenchi-sama is disappearing!"  Ayeka screamed.

	Tenchi looked at his hand as he gasped for breath.  
It was translucent and quickly fading away.  "W-what's 
happening to m-"

****----***----****

The present, 1970.

	"I got ya now 'old man'!" Ranma taunted throwing a 
quick series of punches at his opponent. 

	Katsuhito fell back before the onslaught.  The past 
two months of constant sparing had greatly improved Ranma's 
skill, and Ranma's tenacity only served to make the boy 
more dangerous.  But even backed by his stubbornness, Ranma 
was still no match for the Shinto priest. 

	Ranma charged in and quicker than he could react, 
Katsuhito sidestepped and smacked him on the back adding to 
his momentum.  Ranma was sent sprawling with the little 
push and landed on the ground taking a mouth full of dirt.  

	"Not bad."  Katsuhito said walking over to him.  "Not 
bad, but not good either. "  He held his hand out. 

	"I'll get you tomorrow," Ranma vowed taking the hand 
up.  Ranma laughed to himself.  He had been saying that 
since he had first fought the older man.  'One day...' he 
thought.

	"It's almost time for dinner.  Achika-chan said she 
was making something special tonight."

	"I'll catch up, sensi.  I just want to practice a bit 
more," Ranma said. 

	Katsuhito nodded.  "Don't over do it."

	Ranma started the kata Katsuhito had taught him.  He 
owed much to the Shinto priest.  Even though Ranma had been 
a stranger when he first came, Katsuhito had welcomed him 
openly.  The Masaki shrine had become a new home for Ranma, 
Katsuhito and Achika, a new family.  His curse changed 
nothing in the priest's eyes. In fact Katsuhito had already 
known about it.  The priest wouldn't tell him how he had 
known which still bothered Ranma.

	When he finished, Ranma went home for dinner. 

**--*--**

	"That was great Achika!  I'm so stuffed, that I can 
hardly eat another bite," Ranma said finishing the last of 
the rice in his bowl.  It was his fourth serving. 

	"Well that's too bad, you'll have to miss desert 
then."  Achika smiled getting up to go to the kitchen.  She 
came out carrying a small chocolate cake.  "I baked it 
myself," she said proudly.

	"Wow!"  Ranma said, feeling his appetite returning.  
"What's the occasion?"  He asked.

	Achika glanced at her father and smiled. 

	"Sensi?" Ranma looked at the man. 

	"This is for you, Ranma."  Katsuhito said pulling a 
paper wrapped package from behind him. 

	"What's this?"  Ranma pulled the strings and 
unwrapped the gift.  Inside was a black jacket and matching 
black pants.  "A uniform?"

	Achika nodded excitedly.   "Yes, father arranged it 
so that you could attend school with me when it opens next 
week.   At first they wouldn't admit you since you didn't 
have any parents..."  

	Ranma winced at the statement. 

	"Ranma I didn't mean..." Achika said embarrassed.  

	"It's ok Achika.  So how did ya get ronin like me 
into school old man."  He said looking at Katsuhito.

	Achika handed him a slip of paper.  "Father declared 
himself your legal guardian.  This is your registration 
card, Ranma."

	Ranma's eyes widened when he saw the piece of paper.   
"Sensi?"  Katsuhito had already done so much for him, and 
now this.  As his guardian the old man was willing to take 
responsibility for him.  Ranma felt a knot in his throat as 
he spoke.  "Thank you... thank you very much, Masaki-
sensi."

	"Are you sure, Ranma?"  Katsuhito asked. 

	"Yes sensi, I am sure.  It would be nice to go back 
to school," Ranma said looking down at the card.  

	Achika smiled and began cutting the cake. 


****----***----****

	It was autumn.  With the end of the summer months 
came the beginning of a new school year.  Students once 
more walked down the halls, played in the schoolyard, and 
gossiped about things that had happened during their 
vacation. 

	It was a time for friends to see old faces.  In 
Ranma's case it was a time to see a whole bunch of new 
faces.  Getting off the bus, he looked at the campus.  
'Feels just like my first day at Furinkan,' he thought.  

	"Ranma?" Achika asked.

	"Just remembering a few things from the last school I 
went to, Achika," Ranma said to the girl next to him.   He 
tugged at the collar of the school uniform her wore.  
"These things itch," he muttered.

	Achika laughed.  "The uniforms aren't that bad Ranam.  
Besides, didn't you have to wear on at the school you went 
to before?"

	Ranma frowned.  "No, never wore a uniform in my 
life."

	"Well I think you look quite handsome in one," Achika 
said blushing.  She noticed as an odd expression came on 
his face.  
"Ranma?"

	"We're going to be late Achika," he said walking off. 

	"I'll catch up.  I just want to say hello to my 
friends."  

	Ranma nodded and headed off to class. 

***---**---***
	
	Ranma got to the homeroom the teacher wasn't there 
yet.  The students patiently waited at their desks chatting 
among themselves.

	Ranma took one of the seats near the back of the 
room.  
Ignoring the looks he received from the flustered girls in 
the 
class he leaned back in his chair and relaxed. 

	"Hello," the student next to him said.  "You must be 
new here."

	"Yeah, I transferred here.  I'm Ranma," he said 
turning to the boy who had spoken.

	"Pleased to meet you, Ranma-san." 

	"You don't have to be so formal.  Just call me 
Ranma."

	"Very well then, Ranma.  I'm Nobuyuki."  They shook 
hands. 

	From the corner of his eye, Ranma saw Achika come in 
with two other girls.  The three were caught up in some 
friendly conversation. 

	"How was your vacation Achika-chan?"  A girl sitting 
next to her asked. 

	"It was ah... interesting, Tanaka-chan."  Achika 
said.

	"Meet any cute boys at your father's shrine?"  Tanaka 
said teasing.  She knew how isolated the shrine was.  

	Achika choked. 

	As Achika was about to answer, another girl turned 
around.  "No keeping secrets now Achika."  Akemi said.  I 
saw you coming off the bus with that boy.  You looked 
pretty close.  Spill it, Achika!"

	"Which boy?"  Tanaka butted in.

	"The one with the pigtail sitting near the window.  
Oh he looks sooooo cute!"  Akemi held her hands to her 
face and sighed.

	"Him?  That hunk with Nobuyuki-kun?" Tanaka said 
surprised.  "So, Achika-chan.  Tell us about your 
boyfriend."  Tanaka leaned in.

	"R-ranma and I aren't like that," Achika said 
desperately.

	"His name is Ranma..." Akemi had a dreamy look on her 
face. 

	"There's nothing between us, he just stayed up at the 
shrine during the summer."  Achika tried to explain.

	"You spent the summer the summer at that isolated 
shrine of yours with that cute guy?  How romantic!  I want 
to hear everything you did, and don't leave out the juicy 
bits."  The two other girls were practically drooling. 

	"It wasn't like that!"  Achika argued.

	"Ranma..." Akemi sighed again. 

	"I just feel sorry for Nobuyuki-kun, being tossed 
aside like yesterday's newspaper.  I know you had the 
biggest crush on him last year when school ended."  Tanaka 
looked at the other boy next Ranma was chatting with.    

	Achika blushed. 

	"Achika-chan, now that you have your Ranma I can have 
Nobuyuki-kun right?"

	"No!  I'm telling you that Ranma's not my boyfriend."  
Achika said exasperated.

	Tanaka sniffed.  "Humph how greedy, wanting two cute 
boys for yourself." 

	"Ranma..." Akemi said. 

	Achika gave up in disgust; she was saved from further 
embarrassment when the teacher came rushing through the 
door.  The teacher was a tall blond woman, nicely tanned 
and wearing a pink sweater with a dune skirt.  

As the teacher moved to her desk she tripped over the chair 
and fell throwing various papers she had been carrying into 
the air.  She got up with a sheepish look on her face and 
introduced herself to the class.  "Um... hello... I'm 
Mihoshi Kurumitsu."   The papers fluttered down around her.

	Everyone in the class was too shocked to stand up and 
greet Mihoshi.

"Please don't tell me that's our teacher," Ranma said.

Nobuyuki could only shake his head in wonder as Mihoshi 
fell to the floor again while trying to snag a paper in the 
air.

	It took a full ten minutes for Mihoshi to get 
organized, the class looked on with a mixture of disbelief.  
Just as Mihoshi was about to begin the day's lesson, the 
principal walked into class and introduced himself.

	"Mihoshi-sensi, sorry to interrupt your class but 
you'll be teaching two more students who will be joining 
you."  

	"That's wonderful!"  Mihoshi said.

	The principal, Mr. Tamo addressed the room.  "I know 
that all of you will welcome our two new students to our 
school."

	Achika and everyone else in the class turned their 
attention to the new students coming through the door.  
There were oohs and aahs when the first girl walked in.  
She walked with a graceful step and her demure manner 
captivating the students.  

	Achika felt like a clumsy walrus comparing herself to 
how 
the girl moved.  Nervously she glanced over to Ranma 
gauging his reaction to the new girl.  Achika relaxed when 
she saw his indifferent look.  Achika caught herself.  'Why 
am I being so protective all of a sudden?'

	"Hello," the girl said softly.  "I'm am Ayeka Juri."  
She bowed and took her seat in the class.  She sat just a 
seat over from Achika.

	As the class was marveling Achika, another girl 
entered the room.  Everyone gaped in shock at her spiked 
hair and punkish look.  "Yo!" She said giving the victory 
sign as she sauntered in.  

	"Ahem."  The principal cleared his throat. 

	"Name's Ryoko Hakubi," she said casually.  She then 
took a seat next to Ayeka who seemed perturbed by the act. 

	From his seat Ranma perked up.  'Ryoko?  Naw, can't 
be.  Just a coincidence.'  

	As Mihoshi started class, Achika saw the tension 
between the two girls grow.

	"Honestly, Ryoko, why can't you act normal for a 
change!"  Ayeka whispered angrily.

	"Well, I guess I can't be all prim and proper like a 
stuck up snob I know."  Ryoko smirked. 

	"Ryyyyyyyoooookkooooo..." Ayeka said through her 
teeth as she leaned in. 

	"Any time," Ryoko replied, her hands began to tingle 
with energy.  It was then that Ranma fell out of his seat 
from leaning back too far.  Both Ayeka and Ryoko noticed 
the reaction that the boy had.  The two quickly stopped 
their argument and quickly turned their attention to the 
front of the class. 

	Ranma climbed back into his seat.  Now and again he 
would steal some glances to the two new girls.  'Damn, 
those two make Akane's battle aura look like a night 
light.'  
He shivered thinking what could happen if those two ever 
went 
all out. 

	Achika sat in her chair growing a bit distressed at 
Ranma interest in other girls.  

***---**---***

	With the noon bell came lunch.  The students got out 
their bentos clustering around together to talk.  

	Achika opened up her container looking at the food 
inside.  'Wow, Ranma sure packed a lot of food for me.  I 
don't think I can finish this much.' 

	At his desk Ranma sneezed.  "Au nuts!"  He muttered. 

	"Something wrong Ranma?"  Nobuyuki asked?

	"I packed myself the wrong lunch."  Looking over 
across the room he was Achika digging into 'his' lunch.  
His stomach growled as he poked his chopsticks in the bowl.

 	From their part of the room Ayeka and Ryoko were 
watching the two boys.   
	
	"Amazing isn't it, Ayeka?"  Ryoko was talking with 
her mouth full.  "Going back in time and seeing Tenchi's 
mother and father?"

	"Tenchi looks a lot like his father doesn't he?"  
Achika said daintily picking at her food. 

	"I agree, he does look cute.  But not as cute as my 
Tenchi though."   

	Ayeka slammed her chopsticks down.  "What do you mean 
'your' Tenchi!?!"

	"Just what you think it means!" 

	Everyone in the room was looking at them now.  Ryoko 
spun around.  "What are you all looking at?!?"   The 
students quickly turned back to their food and started to 
eat quickly. 

	"Humph!"  Ryoko said sitting down and tearing into 
her food.  Ayeka grew a seatdrop.	

***---**---***

	The halls became filled with students when the end of 
the day came.  Going to their lockers to change their shoes 
and pack their books.  

	As Achika made her way through the hall, she saw a 
familiar pigtail stick out in the crowd.

	"Ranma!"  She yelled above the noise.  Achika saw 
Ranma wave at her as she made her way toward him. 

	When she got to him she was surprised to see another 
familiar face.  "Nobuyuki-kun!"  

	"Achika-san, how are you?"  The spectacled boy 
smiled. 

	"You know each other?"  The three of them spoke at 
the same.   

	Nobuyuki laughed.  "Achika and I were friends since 
grade school"

	"Oh..." Ranma said.

	"Ranma, how do you know Nobuyuki-kun?"  Achika asked.

	"We just met today."  Ranma confessed.

	"And you two know each other already right?"  
Nobuyuki asked. 

	"I live with her."  Ranma said tilting his head to 
Achiak.  Ranma flushed realizing what he said.  "I mean 
we're living together...  but not like that!  Well ya 
see..." Ranma found himself turning to Achika for help.  

	"Ranma's been living up at the shrine with father and 
me.  He's been training with father and helping with the 
shrine."  Achika explained calmly, though her face had a 
slight red tint to it.  

	"Ah..." Nobuyuki said understanding.  

***---**---***

	"You and Nobuyuki seem to know each other pretty 
well."  Ranma said.  He and Achika were the last people on 
the bus.  The commute from the shrine to the school was a 
long trip because of its remote location. 

	Achika perked up at the remark.  "We're very good 
friends," she said.  

	"Just friends?"  Ranma asked. 

	"Yes, just friends.  Why do you ask?" said Achika.  
She felt her heart beat a little faster.  'Is Ranma 
jealous?' She studied his face and wondered. 

	Just then the bus slowed to a stop.  Looking out they 
saw the stone steps leading up to the shrine.  "Our stop," 
Ranma said.  

	Achika quickly got up and exited the bus.  Ranma 
slowly made his way down the aisle.  At the front of the 
bus he saw his reflection in the rearview mirror.  'Just 
friends...' he thought to himself.

	As he stepped off, Achika grabbed his hand.  "Ranma 
it looks like it's going to rain," she said.  "If we hurry 
we might be able to get home before it starts."  

	Ranma nodded and the two of them were quickly 
scampering up the steps.  The house came into view as Ranma 
felt the first drops of water hit him.  "Should have known 
by now that it was pointless trying to avoid cold water," 
he muttered.

	"Well at least we're home."  Achika said opening the 
front door.  "Hello?  Father?"  Ranma wrung her red pigtail 
before she walked in.  

	When Achika and Ranma entered the main room, they saw 
Katsuhito sitting at the table having tea with two girls. 

	"You two!" Achika exclaimed as she recognized Ayeka 
and Ryoko.

	"Achika-chan, we have some guests staying with us for 
a while.  The school called and asked if we could look 
after Ayeka and Ryoko. It seems that they live a good 
distance away and the daily commute to school would be too 
difficult for them." the priest explained.  Ayeka and Ryoko 
both smiled and waved.  "I'm sure we will all enjoy the 
extra company."

	Achika smiled.  "I'm sure of it father.  And besides, 
Ayeka and Ryoko are in the same class as I am. "

	Ayeka and Ryoko saw Ranma slinking away toward the 
kitchen.  Katsuhito noticed and cleared his throat.  "You 
already know my daughter Achika, but you might not know 
Ranko-chan."

	Ranma froze in mid step.  "Uh... Hi!" 

	"Pleased to meet you Miss. Ranko," Ayeka said. 

	"Yo!"  Seconded Ryoko.

	"Ranko-chan is a student of my.  She is also staying 
here." Katsuhito explained.

	"You go to the same school as us?" Ayeka asked, oddly 
looking at the boy's uniform the redhead was wearing.

	"Um... sorta..." Ranma said hesitating.
	
	"Funny, I don't remember seeing you at school," Ryoko 
commented.  Her brows knit thoughtfully.

	Ranma was beginning to sweat.  "Well... I guess I 
better get dinner started," she said with a forced smile.  
"Achika, would you please help me?"

	"Sur- ack!" Achika felt herself grabbed and was 
dragged away to the kitchen.

	"Would you like some more tea?"  Katsushito asked.

	Ayeka and Ryoko blinked. 

	In the kitchen, Ranma was pacing back and forth while 
Achika was calmly getting the utensils.  "What am I going 
to do now?  They've already seen me like this. I can't 
changed back."

	"We could tell them about your curse," Achika 
suggested trying to calm the redhead down. 
	
	Ranma gave her the 'look'.

	"Ok... I guess you'll have to be Ranko for a while."

	"I'm already getting a bad feeling about this."  
Ranma shivered.  She began to chop up the vegetables for 
the meal.  "Ayeka seems ok, but that Ryoko...  I mean her 
name..."

	"Odd isn't it?  It just seems to fit her though."  
Achika shrugged.  

	"Why do I feel like everything has suddenly gotten 
complicated."

	"I thought it would be every guy's dream to be in a 
house filled with cute girls."  Achika smirked.

	"Not when I'm one of the girls!"  Ranma said 
exasperated.  

	Achika saw the expression on Ranma's face and burst 
out laughing.  "Sorry Ranko er... Ranma."

	The redhead shook her head in disgust.  "Well at 
least three cute girls out of four ain't bad."  

	"Hey!"   

	"Gotcha!"  Ranma smiled.

	The rest of the cooking was carried out smoothly. 

***---**---***

	It was evening.

	"How are things going?" Tenchi asked as Ayeka and 
Ryoko approached.  He, Sasami, Mihoshi and Kiyone were 
waiting at the now deserted Masaki shrine. 

	"Tenchi!"  Ryoko said wrapping herself around the 
boy's arm. 

	"Ryoko, can't you see that your bothering Tenchi-
sama," Ayeka snarled.  

	"Your just jealous cause Tenchi is showing his true 
affections for me."  Ryoko retorted. 

	"Ryoko..." Ayeka began dangerously. 

	"A-Ahhh...  Ayeka...  Ryoko..." Tenchi began so sweat 
heavily. 

	Just then Sasami jumped up gathering her backpack.  
She looked very cute wearing a shirt and shorts toped off 
with a baseball cap on her head.  "Everyone, Washu is 
giving us a call," she piped in.   She pulled down a pair 
of reflective shades from the brim of the hat and an 
antenna emerged from her backpack. 

	The shades became a small monitor and after a bit of 
static an image of Washu at her terminal was seen.  
Everyone crowded in around the little girl to get a better 
view. 

	"Ah good!  You all made it to the past safely.  I 
wasn't sure if the time machine was going to work or not," 
Washu, the greatest scientific genius in the universe, 
said.

	"What!?!" was the collective response from the group.

	Ryoko pushed Tenchi out of the way went to the front 
of the small monitor.  "What do you mean that your weren't 
sure!  We could have been sent to who knows where by your 
stupid machine!"  Ryoko was fuming. 

	"Details, details.  What's important is that your all 
there and now we have a chance at saving Tenchi's parents," 
Washu said chearfully.

	"Washu-chan!"  Tenchi squeezed between Ryoko and 
Sasami.  "Do you know whey my mother will disappear and 
who's causing it?"

	"Well, with Kiyone's help we've verified the 
disappearance of GP headquarters.  Their last transmission 
dealt with something called KAIN.  I have also managed to 
narrow down the time the incident will occur.  It will be 
some where within the next seven days.  With a little more 
time I'll give you a more accurate answer."

	"Thank you Washu-chan," he said gratefully.

	"How was school?"  Washu said turning to Ayeka and 
Ryoko.  "Did any of you find anything interesting?  How are 
Tenchi's parents?"

	"Tenchi's mother looked fine."  Ayeka told the group.

	"I saw her also," Tenchi said. "She almost spotted me 
during her gym class.  I'll have to be more careful next 
time.  I didn't see my father though.  How's he doing."

	"You father looked almost as cute as you, Tenchi."  
She pressed herself against him.  

	Ayeka cleared her throat.  "The two seem to be 
getting along well.  I saw them talking in the halls after 
class."

	"That's a relief.  If those two don't get together 
I'll never be born," Tenchi said.

	"Oh, we also found out who the other girl in the 
movie was."

	"Who is she Ayeka?"  Tenchi asked. 

	"Her name is Ranko, she's a student of your 
grandfather.  She's living up at the shrine with your 
mother.  They are pretty good friends."  Ayeka explained.

	"In the film she was disappearing also, just like my 
mother.  That means that what ever happened to my mother 
must have happened to Ranko also," Tenchi said.

	"Hm...  I think it would be best if you keep a watch 
over Achika and Ranko until I can pinpoint the exact time 
and place the two of them disappear," Washu said from the 
small view screen.  

	Everyone nodded in agreement.  "We better turn in 
then, we have a long day tomorrow," Tenchi said to the 
group.

****----***----****

	Four girls rode on the bus to school.  Achika sat 
with Ranma sharing one of the seats.  Achika looked at the 
redhead who was nodding off.  "Ranko are you ok?"  

	Ranma had a groggy look on her face. "Yeah, I'm fine.  
I just couldn't seem to get to sleep last night."  Ranma 
yawned.  "There was some kind of buzzing in my ears.  It 
kept me up all night.  Did you hear anything?"

	Achika shook her head.  "No, I didn't hear a thing 
last night.  Ryoko, Ayeka, did you hear anything last 
night."  Achika turned to the two other girls sitting 
behind them. 

	"The only thing I heard was Ayeka snoring."  Ryoko 
smirked.

	"I do not snore!"  Ayeka said angrily.

	"Ah...  Never mind."  Achika said quickly as she saw 
another argument starting to build.  She quickly sat back 
in her seat.

	 "Don't those two ever stop?"  Compared to them, 
Akane, Shampoo and Ukyou's arguments seemed tame.  Ranma 
felt sorry for anyone unlucky enough to get caught in the 
middle when the two were going at it. 

	The girls disembarked at the school.  Walking through 
the gates, Ayeka leaned over to Ryoko.  "Ryoko, do you know 
why Ranko is wearing a boy's uniform?"  She said in a 
hushed voice. 

	"Um-hm," Ryoko said nodding.  "She's a tomboy." 

	"Ah... so that's it," Ayeka said nodding.  'I guess 
thats the way things work on Earth,' the Juri princess 
thought.

	Achika and Ranma had both heard the remark.  Achika 
covered her mouth to keep from laughing while Ranma 
struggled to keep her temper. 

	"Well, I better get going," Ranma said leaving the 
group.  Along with her books and lunch, she also carried a 
large thermos.  'Just got to find a place to change,' Ranma 
thought.

	"Where's Ranko-san going?"  Ayeka asked.

	"Ranko is in a different class than us," Achika said. 

	"It's for all the tomboys," Ryoko said. 

	"I see," Ayeka said. 

	Ranma walked off, her pigtail standing on end. 

****----***----****

	"Today we will be going over the legend of the Demon 
of Rashomon," Mihoshi said starting class.  "It is a love 
story between a princess, a demon and a warrior..." She was 
reading through her notes.

	"Ah, Mihoshi-sensi?"  Nobuyuki raised his hand up.  
"Didn't you already go over that sto...  eh?"  He felt a 
jab at his ribs and saw Ranma shaking his head.

	"What was that?"  Mihoshi asked looking up from her 
mess of notes.

	"Ah... Never mind sensi," Nobuyuki whispered over to 
Ranma.  "Ranma, why did you stop me?"

	Ranma yawned "I wanted to get some sleep but I didn't 
want to miss anything.  Wake me up when it's lunchtime will 
ya?"  With that he rested his head in his arms.  Quiet 
snoring was heard a few minutes later.

	Nobuyuki rolled his eyes, then pulled out his 
sketchbook and started drawing.

	The rest of the class followed suit, as Mihoshi was 
busy fumbling with writing down notes on the chalkboard.

	After lunch was recess.  Many students took the 
opportunity to stretch their legs and enjoy the outdoors 
before the second part of the day began.  

	Ranma was on his way to his locker to put his lunch 
box away.  As he rounded the corner he spotted Achika going 
through one of the doors leading out to the campus.  
"Achika!"  Ranma called out, but the girl didn't hear him.  
With a shrug, Ranma followed after. 

	Rounding the corner he crashed into one of the 
janitors.  "Sorry about that.  Are you ok?"  She asked dark 
haired woman.

	Kiyone nodded.  "I'm fine, are you ok?  I should have 
been more careful." 

	Ranma picked up the empty bucket and mop and handed 
it to Kiyone.  "Here ya go." He said hurrying after Achika.

	"Thanks."  Kiyone walked off muttering to herself.  
"Graduated second in my class in the academy and I'm 
mopping floors..."

****----***----****	

	Nobuyuki sat by himself near the edge of campus.  He 
enjoyed the view and peacefulness of the place.  With a 
content look he sketched away in the drawing pad he always 
carried.

	"Nobuyuki-kun aren't you on clean up duty today?" A 
voice said behind him.

	"Oh Achika!"  He said a bit startled at her sudden 
appearance.  He quickly closed the book and shoved it under 
his bag. 

	"What are you doing way up here?"  Achika asked.  
Then her eyes fell upon an exposed corner of the drawing 
pad.  "Hey, what are you drawing?"

	"It doesn't matter..." Nobuyuki said hesitantly. 

	"Well..." Achika feigned indifference then as soon as 
Nobuyuki let his guard down she quickly pulled the book 
from beneath the bag and flipped through the pages.  
"Please show me, show me!"  She chirped as the looked 
through the book.

	Nobuyuki tried in vain to get the book from her. 

	"What's this?"  What's this she asked pointing to one 
of the sketches. 

	"It's a house," he said giving up.

	"A house?"

	He looked out to the horizon. He began a bit 
nervously.  "Well I--I I love..." 

	"Yes?"  Achika looked at him a blush coming to her 
cheeks.  

	"I love to imagine and draw different houses like 
this.  I'd like to be able to build one some day."  
Nobuyuki explained to her.

	"Oh?"  Achika said.  Oddly she felt a mixture of 
disappointment and relief at his remark.

	"What's wrong with you?"  He asked looking at her 
expression. 

	"Oh, it's nothing..."  
	
	"Can I have the book?"  Taking the book in hand, 
Nobuyuki started to fill in the last of the details in the 
picture.

	"Uh you know, a window might be nice by the roof," 
Achika suggested as she watched him.  "Don't you think?"

	"What?"  He tried adding a few lines.  "Like this?

	Achika shook her head.  "Well more like that."

	"Hey you've got good taste Achika-chan," Nobuyuki 
laughed as he added the finishing touches. 

	"You really think so?"

	"Yeah."

	In the distance hidden behind one of the trees, Ranma 
watched.  With a downcast expression, he put his hands in 
his pockets and slowly walked back to school.

****----***----****
		
	"How was your day, Achika-chan?"  Katsuhito asked 
greeting the four girls coming home. 

	"It was ok, father.  I just can't wait for tomorrow 
though."  Achika smiled.

	"Ah, that's right."  He said rubbing his chin.  "The 
field trip to Tokyo eh?"

	Achika nodded.  She looked over to the other girls, 
"Would you like some help with diner, Ranko?"  Behind were 
Ryoko and Akea who were caught up in another petty 
argument.

	"No thanks Achika.  I can do it myself."

	"Oh..." she said surprised by Ranma's brisk manner.  

	"What's eating her?"  Ryoko asked turning away from a 
fuming Ayeka.

	"I don't know..." Achika had a concerned look on her 
face.  'Ranma seemed pretty excited this morning about the 
trip.'  

	Ranma set dinner at the usual time.  Everyone 
gathered around the table with expectant looks on their 
faces.

	"Mmmm... Smells good!"  Ryoko said as Ranma brought 
out the dishes.  "Looks good too."

	"You've done a wonderful job Ranko-san."  Ayeka dug 
into the bowl.  

	"Thanks."  Ranma brought out the last of the meal. 

	Achika noticed that Ranma didn't even look at her 
when she served her.  Ranma had been like this since the 
afternoon.  Achika kept silent hoping that Ranma would get 
over what was bothering her.

	"Ranko-chan, are you not having dinner with us?"  
Katsuhito asked when he was Ranma head back into the 
kitchen.  

	"I ate when I was making dinner, sensi.  I better 
start packing my things for the trip." Ranma said curtly.

	Katsuhito nodded his head. 

	Achika slowly chewed her food.  She wasn't' feeling 
that hungry anymore. 

	Dinner ended and Ranma was nowhere to be found.  
Achika had cleared the table and washed the dishes in the 
redhead's absence.  With the chores done, she excused 
herself and went looking for her friend. 

	Going to the only place she could thing of, Achika 
put on a jacket and went outside.  Though it was late in 
the evening, a full moon was out lighting up the night sky.  

	Achika carefully made her way down the lit path.  
When she reached the training area she heard her.  Through 
the opening in the woods, she saw Ranma going through 
various katas while balancing on the wooded posts anchored 
in the ground.  

	The redhead's brow was covered with drops of 
perspiration and her shirt was damp with sweat.  "What do 
you want?"  Ranma asked, not stopping in the exercise.

	Achika was startled by not only the way he had 
detected her presence but also by the coldness of his 
words.  "I-I did the dishes for you..." she began.

	"You didn't have ta, I would have done em' later," 
she said. 

	"Ranma, I..."

	"Just leave me alone for a bit, Achika.  Please..." 
Ranma turned her back to her and started the exercise 
again. 

	Achika's face was filled with confusion.  She 
couldn't understand why Ranma was acting like that.  She 
tried to speak out but no words would come. The night air 
seemed colder and she felt a dull ache grow with her. The 
path home was dark and lonely. 

	Achika was gone.

	Ranma stopped the kata and wearily leaned up against 
a tree.  "Damn it!" she said slamming her fist into the 
wood causing a chunk to break off.  'You don't need another 
fiancée.  You got more important things to do.  You got a 
cure to find,' She reasoned with herself.  'Besides, how 
could she possibly love some freak like you?'  Ranma sank 
down to the ground and buried her face in her hands.

	As she sat there a dull ringing grew in her ears.  It 
was the same ringing which had been plaguing her sleep for 
the past few nights. 

	Ranma shook her head a few times but the ringing 
remained.  She tried cupping her hands over her ears but it 
did no good.  With a resigned sigh she groggily made her 
way back to the house.

	As she walked the ringing became stronger.  "What the 
hell is going on?"  She started running through the woods 
trying to get back to the house.  When the noise became too 
painful Ranma staggered to the ground gripping her head.  
And then the sound suddenly vanished. 

	 Looking around, Ranma found herself facing the 
Masaki Holy tree.  "Here?"  Her eyes widened.  The tree 
stood solemnly in the moonlight. 

	"You doing this to me, aren't you?"  Anger started to 
grow.  Around her a yellow aura of Ki formed.  As she had 
done countless times before, Ranma used her Ki reaching out 
to the Holy tree.  Once again the images of the past filled 
her mind. The ringing returned and now she understood that 
the noise was actually the sounds that were associated with 
the images flashing before her.

	As she watched she felt the barrier again.  Some 
unknown force pushing here away.  "You won't beat me... not 
this time..." Ranma said through her teeth.  She focused 
her Ki and fought back pushing against the force.  With the 
force of her will, she compressed her aura tighter and 
tighter as far as she could down to a single point.  With a 
final push, she punched her way through.

Ranma found herself tumbling in a swirl of light and color 
pulled by a force that was irresistible.  Glancing below 
her she saw her body sitting near the Masaki tree.   The 
tree itself was glowing, a pillar of light was shooting out 
from it.  She realized that she was in that pillar.  

	Ranma traveled upward, the land below her growing 
smaller with each second.  Soon the earth was nothing more 
that a point of light as her journey continued through the 
stars.  

	Her mind reeled, trying to contemplate what was 
happening.  But the stress was too much, and consciousness 
left her.

	When she awoke Ranma found herself lying on top of a 
stone pillar.  There were other pillars around her, varying 
in height and size. All of them rising out from water.  
"Where am I?"  The surreal world stretched out toward an 
endless horizon of black. 

	Picking a direction in random, Ranma hopscotched from 
one pillar to another. On the water's surface she saw her 
reflection, her male body stared back at her. "How..."

	It was then that a shaft of light rose up in the 
distance.  "I guess someone's home."  She made her way 
toward it hopping from pillar to pillar again.  Surprise 
grew on her face when she found the source of the light.  
It was another tree just like the one in the Masaki shrine.  
But this one looked older, more ancient. 

	"What is this?"  She moved forward.  She was caught 
in mid-stride as an elegant woman appeared facing her. She 
wore silken robes of pastel shades, and her cyan hair 
reached far down her back. 

	"Hello Ranma," the woman said.

	"How do you know me?"  

	"I've been watching you.  From the first moment you 
came to the shrine I've been watching you." 

	"Who are you?" Ranma asked in awe.

	"Tsunami."  Her rich voice echoed around them.
 
	"Your were the one who behind everything.  The 
images, the sounds, the power... You were what I felt 
within the tree weren't you?"  Ranma accused.

	"Yes."

	"Why?"  

	"To test you... To train you..." she said simply.  
"You passed.  In fact you were more than I expected."  

	"Train me for what?" Ranma felt her anger grow as she 
realized she had been manipulated. 

	"Something is coming Ranma.  Something so dark and 
evil that, even those who would call themselves gods 
tremble in its wake.  I have chosen you Ranma.  You will 
the instrument of my design in stopping what is to come." 

	"Forget it!"  Ranma yelled back.  "No body uses me! 
Go find som-"  She stopped as a collage of horror passed 
through her eyes.  Ranma saw slaughter of thousands, she 
heard the screams of anguish when they died, and through 
all the suffering a ghostly face of white smiled.

	Ranma fell to the ground shivering.  "Get out of my 
head!"  She said through clenched teeth. 

	"You've seen the face of evil, Ranma.  You've seen 
Kain."  

	Ranma relaxed as the face faded from her mind.  From 
where she sat Ranma saw Tsunami's reflection in the water 
around. It was the image of a little girl with two 
ponytails. 

	"What are you?" she gasped.

	"I am older than most stars, I have watched 
civilizations rise and fall, and yet with all my power my 
hands are tied.  To interfere directly would allow others 
to do the same.  Only you can do what needs to be done."  
She said simply.

	"I said I don't wa-"

	"Do you love Achika?"  Tsunami asked.

	"What?"  Ranma was taken back by the question.  She 
found herself looking at Tsunami's pale eyes.  

	"Kain is coming for her.  He'll find her no matter 
where she hides and chase her to infinity and back.  You 
are her only hope." 

	"Why!  Why Achika?"

	"Because of what she is.  As a descendant of Yosho, 
there is a potential with her that has yet to be awakened.  
Given more time Achika could fend for herself.  But as she 
is now...  At best she might survive the conflict only to 
live a shortened life.  At worse..."

	"Why should I believe you?  You could be lying to me, 
using me again!  Hell, I could be dreaming this entire 
thing!"

	"Do you truly believe that?"

	Ranma shut her eyes and steadied her breath.  She 
knew the answer, she knew it within her heart.  "What can I 
do against that monster?" 

	Tsunami smiled.  "You'll know when the time comes."  
She held her palm out.  "Return..."

	Ranma's mind snapped back into focus.  "No! Wait, I 
need to know if you can cure me!!!" She yelled as she felt 
herself falling away.  She tumbled back through the stars, 
speeding through Earth's atmosphere via pillar of light.  
And then she was back. 

	"Achika... What do I tell her?"  Kain's face surfaced 
in her mind again.  "Nothing..." Ranma decided.  "Better if 
she didn't know..." With a tired sigh, Ranma slowly made 
her way home. 

****----***----****

	A knock came to the door.  Achika placed the last of 
her things in her bag and went to answer it. 

	"Ranma..." 

	"Can I come in?" the redhead asked.

	Achika nodded and stepped back from the door. 

	"About tonight..." Ranma began.  "I..."

	"Ranma?"  Achika saw the hesitation on her face.  

	"Achika I'm sorry about the way I acted.  I shouldn't 
have treated you like that.  You... I..."

	Achika felt her heart beating faster and her mouth go 
dry.

	"I... just wanted to tell you that whatever happens I 
promise to be there for you Achika.  I'm your friend no 
matter what."  Ranma said quietly. 

	"Ranma wait, I..." Achika caught herself.  Her heart 
was beating faster and she could feel a warm flush grow on 
her face.

"Goodnight Achika." Ranma closed the door behind her. 

	She went to her bed and curled up with a pillow.  
"Just friends?" she wondered. 

****----***----****	

	The train ride to Tokyo had been a disaster.  About 
half way through the trip a massive breakdown occurred in 
one of the cars.  Luckily no one was hurt but the delay 
lasted for hours.  The students got to their rooms late in 
the evening leaving little time to explore the bustling 
city of Tokyo that night. 

	The next day the tour of Tokyo began, everyone was 
tired and grumpy from the lack of sleep.  It was a blessing 
that the first stop of the was the city park.  It gave the 
students some time to relax and wander off on their own.

	Achika walked among the trees, gold and orange leaves 
of autumn fell around her.  It amazed her how in a large 
city like Tokyo, a place like this could exist.  It 
reminded her of the Shrine back home. 

	As she walked, Achika saw Ranma walking toward her 
with an annoyed look on her face. 

	"Ranma, what are you doing?  Why are you a girl?"  

	The pigtailed girl frowned.  "You wouldn't believe me 
if I told you.  I can get wet if I was in the middle of a 
desert." she muttered.

	Achika turned her face in amusement.  It was then 
that she and Ranma noticed that they weren't alone.  
"Nobuyuki-kun?"  A boy with a camera stood there.  "Oh come 
on, you again?  What are you shooting me for?"  Achika said 
in embarrassment. 

	"To make a record of memories."  Nobuyuki said.  
"Who's your friend Achika-chan?"  He turned the camera at 
Ranma.  The three continued to walk entering the center of 
the park.  Other students were gathered around there also. 

	"This is Ranko.  She is a friend of mine in a 
different class," Achika said.

	"Hi," Ranma said softly looking between the two. 

	"Nice to meet you, Ranko-san. Now I've got a question 
for the two of you.  Are you enjoying this trip?"  He said 
focusing the camera.

	"Yes I am, but there is one thing I'm worried about 
my father," Achika said.  I wonder if my father is eating 
ok." 

	"I'm sure the old man's fine."  Ranma said.  

	Achika smiled.  "I know, but still I worry about 
him."

	"Next question," Nobuyuki said pointing his camera at 
them.  "What do you want to be when you grow up?"  

	Achika thought for a moment.  "Maybe a bride?"  She 
said blushing.

	Around the three, other students heard the 
conversation. "Whew, Getting hot and heavy, aren't you, you 
two?"  They commented on Nobuyuki and Achika's red faces.  

	"What are you implying we're just talking."  Achika's 
face was flush with embarrassment.  "Ranko, how about you, 
what do you want to be when you grow up?"  She asked.

	Ranma shrugged.  "A guy..." She walked off ignoring 
the odd looks and stares she got from everyone.  "I'll 
catch you later, Achika."

	Achika was just as surprised as the others with the 
bluntness of Ranmas answer.  "Ranko..."  

	From a park bench, Ryoko and Ayeka watched her go. 

	"Tomboy, definitely a tomboy."  Ryoko said. 

	Ayeka nodded in agreement. 

****----***----****

	Everyone sat around the table with worried looks on 
their faces.  With a quiet hum, the hologram projector 
turned on and a small image of Washu appeared before the 
group.  

	"Washu-chan!"  Tenchi said to the image.

	"Hello everyone!"  said the super genius.

	"Have you figured out a way to save Tenchi's mother 
yet Washu?"  Ryoko asked. 

	Washu nodded.  "Yes, but before I explain my plan we 
should better know who we're facing."  With that, another 
screen popped up and a text box opened up and gave a 
rundown of information. 

Code name K-A-I-N
Super A-class criminal
Age: unknown.
Gender: unknown.
History: unknown.
Distinguishing characteristics: none
Offender number 070669 rank A
Universal era 507410
Characteristic energy form classified as NVO
General warrant issued: 
Wanted for destruction of planets, suspicion of murder
Destroyed 13 federated planets and 275,000 spacecraft
Confined in the GP subspace network for the past 100 years

	The room was silent as everyone digested the 
information.  "Kiyone, I'm scared," Mihoshi cowered next to 
her partner.

	"Get a grip Mihoshi!  Remember you're a member of the 
Galaxy Police!"  Kiyone said harshly, but inside even she 
was terribly frightened. 

Finally Tenchi spoke.  "Washu-chan, why is he after my 
mother?"

	"Kain is a being of pure anti-Juri energy.  One 
hundred years ago he went on a killing spree rampaging 
throughout the known universe and destroying all in his 
path.  He was finally caught by a trap laid by the Galaxy 
Police and with the help from the royal family of Juri.  
Ever since Kain has had a personal hatred for anyone having 
the Juri energy which imprisoned him.  Now he has traveled 
back in time to kill Achika and Lord Yosho."  Washu 
finished.

	"I can't let that happen.  I won't let it happen."  
Tenchi said. 

	"How can we stop this guy Washu?"  Ryoko asked. 

	"Tomorrow is the day that Kain will come for Tenchi's 
mother. It will happen in Tokyo tower.  No on here is 
strong enough to face Kain head on.  Our only option is to 
set a trap for him." 

	"A trap?"  Ryoko questioned. 

	"Yes.  We will need to produce enough Juri energy to 
trap Kain back into subspace."

	"How about Achika or Yosho?  Can either of them give 
us the Juri energy we need?"  Ayeka said. 

	"No, I don't think that either of them could produce 
that amount. And in any case it would be better if we they 
didn't.  When Kain was caught, the emperor of Juri died in 
the process from giving up too much of his energy. Our only 
choice is to find another source of energy."

	Then how do we get the Juri power we need?"  Ayeka 
looked at Washu's flickering hologram. 
	
  	"Kiyone, show them the may I gave you."  Washu 
instructed. 

	The police detective unfolded a map of Tokyo.  
"Washu-san said of five places where we can produce Juri 
energy here on Earth.  We should be able to channel the 
energy from these places using this..." she pulled up a 
brief case onto the table and opened it. "...the Psy-Wave 
booster."  

	Washu nodded.  "There are five transmitters which 
need to be placed at each of the five sites.  The main 
booster has to be in position at Tokyo Tower.  When Kain 
arrives, we can set off the trap by remote and send him 
back to subspace.  Timing is critical.  Everything has to 
be in place before Kain arrives.  Each of you will have to 
go to one of the sites and place the transmitters."

	"Let me take the main booster to Tokyo Tower," Tenshi 
said.  "I have to be there for my mother.  No matter 
what..."  He pulled out the Tenchi-ken from his pocket, a 
determined look was on his face. 

	"Right then, Tenchi.  Leave the rest to us," Ryoko 
said.
 
	Washu nodded.  "All right then.  Tenchi will take the 
main booster to the tower.  The rest of you will have to 
place the other pieces of the device at the stated 
locations.  As soon as you place the transmitters, make 
your way back to the tower." 

	"Be careful then Tenchi."  Sasami said worriedly.   

	"Myia..." seconed Ryo-Ohki 

	"I will, Sasami."  

****----***----****

	Tenchi made his was through the crowd.  He carried 
the maini booster unit in the bag on his back.  The area 
was packed as numerous tourists and visitors milled their 
way around the base of Tokyo tower.  There were long lines 
for the elevators as people waited patiently to ascend up 
to the observatory deck.  

	"Where are they?"  Tenchi looked around searching for 
the group of students, which his mother was in.  "Maybe I'm 
early?"  

	Just then where a section of the crowd parted, he saw 
his mother with her friends.  She was talking to boy with a 
smile on her face.  "Is that my father?"  Tenchi struggled 
making his way near the edge of the crowd to get a better 
look.  As he pushed his way forward he tripped and 
staggered forward running into another figure.

	"Ack! Grugle! Watch where you're going!"  Sputtered 
the angry redhead whom he had accidentally pushed at the 
water fountain.  "All I wanted was a sip of water, not a 
bath!"

	"S-sorry," Tenchi backed up from the angry redhead.  
She looked familiar to him somehow and then is clicked in 
his mind.  "You!" He exclaimed recognizing the redhead as 
Ranko, his mother's friend who also disappeared in the 
film. 

	"Huh?"

	"I mean... you alright?"

	"Yeah... Do I know you?  Ya look kind of familiar."  
She said leaning in and squinting.
	
	"Um... I don't think so."  Tenchi replied nervously. 

	"I'm sure I've seen you some where before..." she 
said frowning. 

	"I positive that we haven't met before.  Excuse me," 
Tenchi ducked back into the crowd.

	"Hey, wait," the redhead called out after him.  
	
	Weaving his way though the pack of people, Tenchi 
finally breathed a sigh of relief seeing he had lost Ranko.  
"Got to get the booster on the observatory deck," he 
reminded himself.  He looked down at his watch; Time was 
running out.  

****----***----****

	"Where did he go?"  Ranma searched the crowd.  An 
ominous feeling had been haunting her ever since they left 
school.  Though out the entire trip Ranma had been on guard 
preparing for anything.  

	Achika had commented on her jumpiness.  Her excuse 
was never being in a large a city as Tokyo before. Ranma's 
constant state of alertness was taking its toll on her.  
There were just so many things happening to keep track of 
it all. 

	"I'm never going to find that guy with all these 
people!"  She said in disgust.  
	
	"Ranko!"  A voice called out over the crowd. 

	She turned and saw Achika waving at her.  Achika and 
the rest of the students were getting in line for the 
elevator to go to the observatory.  Ranma saw Nobuyuki next 
to her and frowned.  Ranma looked at this school bag and 
thought about the thermos full of hot water inside. "Damn, 
no time to change back."

	With a sigh Ranma headed toward the group.

****----***----****

	'I hope everyone got to their assigned places on 
time,' Tenchi worried.  From his position in the back of 
the line he could see his mother.  He also looked at the 
redhead Achika was with.  

	He was a bit nervous at how Ranko had seemed to 
recognize him.  Everyone said that he took after his 
mother.  Seeing Achika now, he realized how right everyone 
was. 

	The ding of the elevator opening brought Tenchi back 
from his thoughts.  Slowly the line moved forward as people 
boarded the lift.  When he saw that he wasn't going to make 
it onboard, Tenchi hurriedly pushed his way through the 
line.  "Excuse...  Sorry...  Passing though...  Hold the 
doors!" As the doors were closing, Tenchi made a last ditch 
effort reaching out and squeezing his way though the 
receding opening. 

	Making it inside, Tenchi felt something soft and 
round in his hands.  Tenchi looked down and saw the very 
annoyed redhead he was fondling.  "I-I-I..."  A smack was 
heard.  "Sorry..." he said.  His voice was muffled from 
the fist that was connected to his face. 
	
	"Jerk..." Ranma said pulling her fist back.

	"What's going on over there?"  Nobuyuki asked.

	Achika turned to see what the commotion was about.  
"Ranm... Ranko?"  Achika pressed her way to the redhead who 
was busy strangling a boy.

	"All right you pervert, who are you?"  Ranma said 
shaking Tenchi around.

	"It was an accident," Tenchi pleaded.

	Achika was about to intervene but as she moved 
forward, a pain coursed through her body.  Clutching at her 
sides she gasped out and would had fallen if Nobuyuki 
hadn't caught her. 

	"Achika!" Nobuyuki said.  "What's wrong?" 

	At the same time Tenchi staggered slightly.  He too 
felt the pain through his body.  He shook fighting against 
the urge to fall over.  

	Ranma looked at Tenchi in confusion.  "Hey, I didn't 
hit you that har-"  She stopped.  The danger sense inside 
of her kicked in.  She had never felt a force as strong or 
as malevolent as the one she felt now.  

	"Ranko..." Achika whimpered on the floor. 

	She now saw Achika in agony as Nobuyuki tried to 
comfort her.  "Achika!"  It was then that the elevator 
stopped. 

	The students inside the cab looked around in 
confusion.  "What's happening?  What's going on?  Why did 
we stop?"

	Tenchi saw the darkening of the clouds around them.  
It was soon followed ay a racing light that swirled agound 
the tower itself.  "He's here...  Kain..."

	Ranma spun around hearing the comment.  "How do you 
know about Kain!" she said grabbing Tenchi by the collar. 

	Tenchi's eyes widened in surprise.  He was about to 
ask the same question to Ranma but an explosion occurred 
shaking the entire tower.  When the smoke cleared there was 
a hole torn from the elevator.  Outside looking in was a 
ball of energy.  

	"I smell it." A dark voice spoke. A face formed in 
the center of the ball.  It looked at the survivors 
hungrily. 

	"No..." Ranma shivered remembering the face.  She 
moved placing herself in front of Achika.  

	Tenchi also moved closer to Achika.  

	"I smell it.  I can taste the blood of Juri."  Kain 
smiled.  Then from his mouth a frigid gust of air blew.  I 
froze all students left on the elevator.  Only those 
closest to Achika, Ranma, Tenchi and Nobuyuki were left 
untouched. 

	Kain moved in hungrily as he saw the remaining few.  
"I'll have the blood of Juri."

	Ranma watched in horror as the faced approached.  
"Stay back you monster!"  She cupped her hands and focused.  
"Your not going to get her!  MOUKO TAKABISHA!"  A yellow 
ball of Ki erupted from her hands striking Kain head on.  
The impact caused dust and debris to cloud the air.  Ranma 
felt someone pulling at her. 

	"Ranko, we have to get Achika out of here!"  Tenchi
screamed.

	"How did you do that?" Nobuyuki yelled over the 
noise. 
	
	"No time to explain!" she said.  In the chaos Ranma 
forced opened the elevator doors and she and Nobuyuki 
carried Achika between them.  

	"Where to?"  Ranma asked.

	"Up the stairs to the observation deck."  Tenchi 
called out from behind.  When the four got there the floor 
was empty. Tenchi immediately kneeled down and opened his 
bag pulling out the Psy-Wave booster.  "Got the find the 
center of the room."  He panted. 

	Ranma and Nobuyuki set Achika down gently.  "Wait!  
Who are you?"  Ranma called out to Tenchi as the boy 
scurried off.  "Nobuyuki, keep an eye on her."  Ranma stood 
up and went after Tenchi. 

	"Hai," the spectacled boy nodded.  "Achika, please be 
all right."

 	She began to stir from his words.  Her face took on a 
look of terror.  "He's coming...  He's coming..." Another 
explosion ripped through the tower.  The jarring effect set 
off the fire sprinklers.  Cold water sprayed down from the 
ceiling drenching everything. 

	Both Tenchi and Ranma halted in their tracks as they 
saw the black form of Kain appear.  The criminal was an 
amorphous mass ever-changing in shape and form.  His body 
flowed like slick oil as he floated in the air.  The only 
constant was the face of white. 

	"I feel it, some one from the house of Juri is here."  
Kain said. "There is some one here who holds tremendous 
power."

	Tenchi ran up to Ranma, both of them were shivering 
from the spraying water and from fear.  "Please you have to 
place this at the center of the room!"  He handed off the 
disk shaped booster to the protesting redhead.  "I'll hold 
him off so hurry."

	"Wait!  Damn it!"  Ranma cursed.  "What the hell is 
this thing!"  He ran back to Achika and Nobuyuki as Tenchi 
moved forward to face off with Kain.  "Come on!"  Ranma 
said to the two, we have to get out of here.  

	"Who is that boy?" Achika said looking in awe as 
Tenchi pulled out the Tenchi-ken.  The blue light of the 
blade lit up the shattered room.  

	Ranma's eyes also widened at the sight but she 
quickly recovered.  "Lets go!"  He pulled Achika way with 
Nobuyuki following after. 

	"This is as far as you go!"  Tenchi declared.  The 
sword of light glowed with energy. 

	Kain looked at him curiously.  "Are you from the 
house of Juri?" the hollow voice questioned.  Kain laughed.  
"Very interesting.  We'll see how much power you have."  
Kain struck out with his hand, his arm stretching to reach 
Tenchi.

	Tenchi helf firm and held the light blade in front of 
him stopping the attack.  The mix of the two energies 
clashing against each other was an awesome sight as light 
crackled against the dark folds. 

	"Now what?"  Ranma said exasperated after placing the 
booster on the floor.  "What's suppose to happen now!"  A 
scream was heard.  Ranma looked up and saw Tenchi fly 
across the room and land heavily onto the floor.  The sword 
he held winked out as her struggled to get back up. 

	Kain moved forward menacingly.  "This looks like the 
end of the house of Juri.  I'll eradicate you and put you 
out of your misery!"  The monster swore. 

	The Tenchi-ken once more flashed back to life.  "I 
won't let you touch my mother!"  

	Ranma blinked at the statement. 

	Achika stared stupefied at the boy's remark.  She saw 
Tenchi's features, his nose, his mouth, and his eyes.  
Somehow deep inside her she knew that he has spoken the 
truth.  She clutched at this, which gave her the strength 
she needed. 

	"Achika!"  To Nobuyuki's alarm Achika stood up.

	Tenchi steeled himself for what was to come.  His 
body was numb from the pain and cold from the water.  
Everyone had worked so hard to get to this point.  The 
obstacles that they had to overcome just to face Kain were 
miracles in themselves.  He knew that there was no option 
left for him.  He would die before Kain harmed his mother.   
As he prepared to attack, a voice rang out. 

	"Stop!"  Achika stood.  A force flew out from her 
pushing back the debris around her.  "Don't touch him!"  
The fallen water on the floor rippled around radiating out 
in waves.

	Kain halted his advance.  A look of amazement was on 
his face.  "I found...  It's you.  I found you!  None of 
the others were the same.  I've come all the way to this 
planet in the middle of nowhere to destroy you!"  He turned 
away from Tenchi to face the small girl.

	Achika felt her strength falter and fear grew within.  
"What?  What are you?"

	"I am one who has suffered grievously from the power 
that lies within you!"  Kain growled.  

	Tenchi watched in horror as Kain went toward his 
mother.  He yelled out to the redhead next to Achika.  
"Ranko!  Press the red button!  Hurry!"

	Ranma didn't have to be told twice.  'What ever this 
thing does it better do it quick!'  She pressed the button 
on the disk and instantly the thing lit up. He grabbed 
Achika's and Nobuyuki. "Come on!"

	"What's this?"  Kain saw the glowing disk.  All 
around Tokyo, the five transmitters worked as predicted, 
gathering energy and shunting it to the main booster at the 
tower.  A pillar of light shot forth from the device 
opening a portal.  Kain realized too late that it was a 
trap and was caught up in the vortex of the portal.  
"NO!!!"  He screamed as his black body slowly began to get 
sucked in.  

	Ranma, Nobuyuki and Achika held on for dear life to 
anything that was bolted down.  Around them smaller bits 
and pieces were being pulled in.  The water from the 
sprinklers whipped around like a hurricane was in the room.  
The force that was imprisoning Kain threatened to do the 
same to them.

	"No!!!"  Kain struggled against the pull of the 
device but it was a senseless struggle.  Bit by bit his 
dark form was torn away into the void.  "I will take you 
with me!"  He bellowed.  From his hands, red tendrils shot 
out wrapping themselves around Achika pulling her from her 
hold.

	"Achika!!!"  Ranma reached out grabbing a hold of the 
screaming girl's hand.  With her other hand she held on to 
one of the supports of the room.  "Hold on, don't let go of 
me!!!" 
	
	"Ranma!!!"  Achika cried out.  She could barely be 
heard over the racket. 

	"I will take you with me!"  Kain promised as more of 
his body was pulled in. 

	Ranma felt herself being torn apart as she held on to 
both Achika and the metal pole.  Then the pole gave way.  
Ranma felt the jarring sensation of being pulled in.  
Nobuyuki reached out and tried to grab on to the redhead 
hand.  He missed managing only to catch on to Ranmas 
sleeve.  For a moment it looked like the three could hold 
on but then the shirt sleeve tore off from Ranma and she 
and Achika were sent spiraling into the void.  And then it 
was over; The portal had closed.

	"Ranko... Achika..." Nobuyuki looked at the 
devastation around him.  Water rained down on the twisted 
rubble.  Fatigue and stress finally took their toll on the 
young boy and Nobuyuki collapsed in exhaustion. 

****----***---****

	"Mother!!!"  Tenchi screamed as the portal closed 
before him.  He ran forward not caring about the 
consequences.  'I can make it... just a little closer...' 
He was about to fling himself into the opening until a 
figure blurred in front of him, holding him back.

	"Ryoko!"  He struggled against Ryoko as the girl held 
him back.  "My mother! Ryoko, I have to help her."

	"No, Tenchi!  It's too dangerous," Ryoko begged as 
tears formed in her eyes mixing with the falling water from 
the broken sprinklers.  She had finally made it back from 
placing the transmitter only to find she had been too late. 

	"Let me go, Ryoko!  I have to save both of them!"  
Tenchi continued to fight against her grip.

	"They've already been sucked into subspace."  Ryoko 
cried. 

	"Let me go!  Let me go!  Let me go!"  Tenchi pleaded 
desperately.  "Mother!!!"
	
****----***---****
	
	Ranma woke up.  Her body was cold and sore.  Looking 
around she found herself alone in a barren wasteland of 
gray dust and jagged rocks protruding from the ground.
 
	"Achika!"  Ranma called out over the desolate 
landscape.  The last thing she remembered was holding on to 
Achika, as they were both pulled through the portal by 
Kain. 

	Her clothes were torn ripped beyond repair.  
Fortunately Ranma still had her shoulder bag which survived 
the trip with her.  Opening it up, Ranma pulled out her 
thermos.  

	"Please let there be some left," she prayed.  Shaking 
it she felt the liquid slosh within.  Crossing her fingers 
she unscrewed the cap and poured the contents on herself.  
The water was still warm enough and Ranma felt the tingling 
sensation of the transformation. 

	Tossing the empty container aside, Ranma launched 
himself, bounding across the landscape.  "Achika!  Achika!"

	He came up a ridge overlooking a large crater.  At 
the center of the crater he saw Achika lying there.  "No... 
Achika!!!"  Ranma moved sliding down the sides of the 
crater.  He was at the girl's side soon after.  

	"Achika..."  She wasn't moving.  As he reached out to 
touch her, a dark form emerged from the girl's shadow and 
launched after him.  "What?!?"  Only his honed reflexes 
saved him from being caught as he leapt back from the 
surprise attack.  

	Ranma watched in horror as the dark form grew into a 
huge human like shape.  Held at the base of the body was 
Achika who was still unconscious.  At the head of the 
figure the ghostly white face of Kain formed. 

	Around him an aura of yellow Ki flared.  His muscles 
bulged as the energy coursed through his body. "Let her go 
you monster!"  Ranma roared.

	The face just grinned at him and liked its lips.  His 
arms stretched out flying across the ground tearing up 
anything in their path.  Streams of living darkness shot 
out toward Ranma. 

	"Bastard!!!"  Ranma charged in, zigzagging his was 
past though the streams of black.  He ducked and dodged in 
between Kains arms, his body twisting in an acrobatic style 
he had spent years mastering.  But even with his training, 
he still felt the bite of pain as he took slight nicks and 
cuts from the near misses. 

	One such near miss caught him across the chest, 
barely managing to twist his body out of the way.  Had he 
been less conditioned it would have been fatal.  'I guess 
those matches with the 'old man' were paying off,' Ranma 
grimly mused.  He prayed that it would be enough. 

	As much as her tried he couldn't get close enough to 
Achika.  His punches and kicks did nothing to the liquid 
form of Kain, serving only to bloody his hands and legs.  
Slowly he felt himself faltering.  His aura was also 
growing weaker as doubt and depression ate away at his 
confidence.  

	"Achika, wake up!"  Ranma yelled at the trapped girl. 
Her body was almost immersed in Kains dark form.  
Desperately he tried to reach out to her.  "Achika! You got 
ta wake up!  Please!!!"  

	Achika's eyes fluttered and opened.  "Ranma?" she 
said dazed.  Her mind snapped into focus as she realized 
where she was and the danger that her friend face.  "Ranma!  
Look out!!!"

	Ranma staggered as a strike grazed his leg.  
"Achika!!!"  She was still alive.  Hope grew inside of him 
and once again his battle aura flared.  "Hold on Achika!  
Just hold on, I'm coming for you!!!"  

	Achika watched in horror as he headed straight for 
her, throwing caution to the wind as he charged into Kain's 
waiting grasp.  Then at the last possible second Ranma 
jumped up into the air.  The ground which he on a moment 
ago was shattered by Kain's fists.  

	In the air Ranma saw the opening he needed.  The 
exposed face of Kain looked at him in surprise.  Ranma 
again called on his Ki as he cupped his hands together.  
"Eat this you bastard!!!  MOUKO TAKABISHA!!!"  A yellow 
ball of energy flew from his hands and struck the white 
face, shattering it.  A shudder passed though the large 
body. 

	"I did it..." Ranma said weakly as he landed to the 
ground.  He barely managed to keep upright, using one hand 
to steady his landing. 

	"Ranma!!!"  Achika screamed out. 

 	He looked up hearing her voice.  His eyes 
widened.  "No..." The face was there again, smiling at him. 

	Achika felt Kain's pain from Ranma final attack.  As 
Ranma landed to the ground she could see relief on his 
face.  'It's over...' she thought, and then she felt the 
anger grow with Kain.  "Ranma!!!"  She screamed out.

	She watched in terror as Kain's hand flew out and 
clamped onto the unprepared martial artist's face.  It 
picked Ranma up and swung him around like a rag doll.  The 
arm moved and held the struggling boy before her.

	"Ranma..." Achika's eyes filled with tears as she saw 
the agony he was in. 

	With an indifferent gesture, Kain tossed the boy into 
the air and let him drop.  Achika turned her face away 
wishing she could cover her ears when the impact came.  Her 
heart broke when she opened her eyes again and saw the 
mangled form lying lifeless on the ground.  

	"Ranma!  Ranma!!!"  She struggled against the dark 
folds holding her.  She didn't care how she did it, but all 
she wanted was to go to his side.  She felt the power 
inside of her again.  Using it she forced her way free and 
ran towards the pigtailed boy.  

	She reached Ranma's side and paused. 'He's not 
breathing!'  "Ranma!"  She clutched at him frantically.  
When she touched him a shock passed though her arm to his 
body.  The result was Ranma instantly gasping for a breath.  

	"Ranma..." Achika held on to him gently.  She could 
feel her hands tingling where she touched him.  

	"What... what are you doing Achika..." Ranma asked 
weakly.  He felt the pain in his body subside. 

	Achika couldn't answer; She didn't understand it 
herself. "Shhh...  It will be over soon," She said softly.  
Slowly getting up she faced Kain.  She felt it now, the 
power she had.  Her father had hinted about it, the legacy 
of the Masaki family. 

	"Achika..." Ranma said in a broken voice.  He tried 
to get up but his body wouldn't move.  

	"I'll never forgive you for what you've done."  
Achika said to Kain.  She stepped forward and undid 
the ribbon holding her hair.  The black tresses shimmered 
and turned silver gray.  On her face Jurian war marks 
appeared, and her clothes were torn away replaced by 
flowing pastel robes.  The power washed over her as the 
transformation completed itself. 

	A door was opened in her mind and memories that 
weren't her own came pouring through.  "Tenchi..." The boy 
in the tower who had faced Kain. "My son..."  She could see 
what he was doing now. He was searching for her.  
Looking though the countless dimensions.  

****----***----****

	"Washu!" Tenchi yelled.  With the help of Washu's
device he had sought out the astral pattern of his mother. 
"I've found her!  Can you open up the portal?"

	I'm trying Tenchi!  Keep concentrating on you mother 
until I can get a lock in sub-space.

	"Mother, please hang on." Tenchi said.

****---***----****

	Tenchi her son had come through time to save her.  
No, I won't let you risk your life for me, she said.  I 
won't let you harm my son, Kain! Achika faced the monster. 

	Kain acted first, fire spouting from his mouth 
threatening to incinerate her and Ranam.  Achika stood 
unwavering against the flames.  When the fire reached her 
it met a shield of Juri energy. 

	"Pretty good but not good enough."  Kain intoned.  
Again he attacked his fists battering against the shield 
Achika held.  The pummeling was relentless and the girl 
struggled against the onslaught. 

	"Get back!" yelled Achika.  She motioned with her arm 
and her shield expanded pushing Kain back.  Achika wavered 
from the act.  

	From where he lay, Ranma felt the massive release of 
energy.  Achika's metamorphosis and the power she displayed 
awed him.  But in the same glance he saw that Tsunami was 
right about Achika not being prepared.  Achika's attacks 
while powerful, lacked focus.  She wasted too much energy 
with each blow.  It became a stalemate with Achika forced 
to the defensive while Kain struggled to break through her 
shields.  Ranma saw Achika slowly weakening.  "Achika..."

	Growing frustrated Kain roared and a hole opened 
within his body.  "If I can't destroy you I'll absorb 
you!!!"  With that a vortex swirled pulling Achika toward 
him.  

	Achika used her declining power to hold firm.  From 
the corner of her eye she saw Ranma on the ground 
threatening to be taken in.  "Ranma!"  She grabbed his hand 
before he could be dragged any farther.  Again she felt the 
shock and tingling sensation when she touched him.  She 
drew him closer and held on tight.  Slowly the two were 
pulled in.

	In her mind she heard a voice.  'Achika?'
	
	'Ranma!' she felt him in her mind.  

	'How can this be,' Ranma wondered.

	'I don't know but I'm scared Ranma.  I don't know 
what to do anymore.'

	Ranma also didn't know.  To fight anymore seemed 
useless.  Even with his training he was nothing more than 
nuisance to Kain.  And Achika lacked the skill to properly 
focus her reserves of energy.	 In the darkness of the 
situation he recalled Tsunami's words to him.  'You will 
the instrument in stopping what is to come.'  All became 
clear to him.  

	'Achika if we work together we can stop him.' Ranma 
said.

	'How?'

	'Lend me your power Achika.'

	'I don't know how to...'

	'Your doing it now, I can feel it.  I wouldn't be 
alive right now if it weren't for you.' 
 
	Achika focused on his words.  'He's right.'  The bond 
they had now was from the energy mixing between them.  She 
concentrated.  In her mind Ranma's face appeared.  Blue 
eyes stared back at her with a quite smile.  Memories 
surfaced, the walks they took together at the shrine, the 
laughs they shared.  She felt what was in her heart.  
'Ranma...'  

	Ranma gasped as the surge of power hit him.  Strength 
flowed through his limbs again and around him his yellow 
aura glowed but this time its edges were laced with deep 
blue.

	His senses came back to him and with an inhuman leap 
he pulled himself and Achika away from the vortex Kain 
held. 

	They landed dozens of yards away.  He let Achaka 
stand on her own.  He could see the energy flowing from her 
into him.  'Are you all right?' he asked.

	Achika nodded and smiled.  'Yes.  Face him Ranma, I 
will be with you.'  She shut her eyes and concentrated on 
the link between them.  

	Ranma felt the intensity of power entering him.  It 
was as Tsunami had told him.  He had become an instrument 
for Achika's energy.  Like a lens used to focus the Sun's 
light, he was able to manipulate the Juri energy like his 
Ki and concentrate its intensity.  

	Kain was enraged at being denied his prize.  "I will 
have her blood!!!"  He screamed lashing out.

	The glow around Ranma became even brighter, the 
mixture of Ki and Juri energy crackled in the air.  "I'll 
drag you to hell with me first!"  Ranma charged in his 
fists blazing with blue light.  Whatever he punched burned.  
He hacked away at Kain's arms drawing blood with each blow.   

	Kain countered using his icy breath and energy 
attacks.  The ground was shredded, turned into a crater 
filled battle zone.  Ranma was forced to fall back from the 
barrage. 

'Achika, I need more power,' he said with his mind.

	Achika's jaw clenched in the effort.  'I'll try 
Ranma.'

	Ranma shuddered from the link.  His body felt like it 
was on fire. The energy being forced into him was trying to 
escape.  It was only by shear will that he was able to keep 
himself moving.  

	'Ranam!'  Achika felt the resistance in the link.

	Ranma realized now how Tsunami had prepared him for 
this.  The countless hours he has spent focusing his Ki in 
trying to find the secret of the Masaki holy tree was in 
preparation for this battle. 'I'm fine Achika.  Don't 
worry.'  

	Ranma attacked again, his movements becoming nothing 
more than a blur.  A normal human body would have destroyed 
itself by now, muscle tearing from the bone because of the 
intensity of the movements.  The only thing that kept him 
from flying apart was Achika using her strength to 
reinforce the failing flesh. 

	 Kain struggled against the ferocity of Ranma's 
attacks.  In the span of a second, hundreds of wounds were 
torn into Kain's body.  But still Kain fought on his 
strikes growing more desperate.  

	As he fought Ranma could feel the Juri energy eating 
away at him.  He was saturated with it.  Every pore of his 
body seeped with the blue light.  But he knew that it still 
wasn't enough.  He leapt back from Kain and readied 
himself. 'Achika help me.'

	'Ranma you can't take any more!'  Achika begged. 

	'Please...' Ranma closed his eyes and concentrated.

	'No!' she realized what he was doing. 

	He began.  "MOUKO..."  

	"You can't, its too much!'

	"TAKA..."

	'Don't make me do this to you..."

	"BISHA..."

	'Please...' tears came to her face as she funneled 
energy into him once more. 

	Ranma's eyes opened.  But instead of his eyes were 
two pools of swirling blue.  His voice was a whisper.  
"PERFECT..."

	A column of yellow Ki erupted from his hands.  Around 
it spiraled the Juri energy focused in a tight beam.  The 
blast tore into Kain and a brilliant flash of light filled 
the sky. 

****----***----****

	When the light cleared there was nothing left of 
Kain.  

	"Ranma, we did it!"  Achika said.  "Ranma?"

	He stood there saying nothing.  Like a puppet with 
its strings cut Ranma wavered slightly and fell to the 
ground.

	"Ranma!!!"  She went to him and felt his pulse.  It 
was there but weak.  His breath was also shallow.  "Please 
don't leave me."  She placed her head on his and closed her 
eyes letting the darkness take her. 

	A drop of water touched her face.  Then another one 
came followed by many more.  Water rained down over the 
two.  It was enough to trigger Ranma's curse.  The water 
came from the portal that had opened up above them.  Three 
figured emerged from it. 

	"Mother!" Tenchi said landing next to Achika.  
Flanking him were Ayeka and Ryoko.  All of them were 
dressed for battle.  

	Ayeka quickly checked the fallen girl then tended to 
the redhead.  "It's all right Tenchi.  They're both 
extremely tired.  They need rest."

	"Where's Kain?"  Ryoko asked looking around 
cautiously. 

	Tenchi also scanned the area, his sword glowing ready 
for anything.  "Washu-chan, do you pick up anything?"  he 
asked.

	From her terminal the super genius looked at the 
incoming data on the screens.  "Nothing Tenchi, Kain's 
astral pattern is a negative.  All I'm picking up are 
residual traces of him and a mixture of Juri energy."

	Ayeka's eyes widened.  "That means that Achika-sama 
must have defeated him."

	"It seems like it but from my previous calculations 
that should have been impossible." 
	
	"What about Ranko?  Maybe she had something to do 
with it."  Ryoko suggested.

	"What?  A mere human?  That's very doubtful.  If I 
had more information I could run more tests." Washu said 
frustrated.  She hated it when she didn't have the answers.

	"We don't have time for this," Tenchi interrupted.  
"Let's go home, he said."

	Ayeka picked up Ranma while Ryoko helped Achika and 
Tenchi.  The group made their way back up through the 
portal and found themselves back in the wrecked 
observatory.  The water had come from the broken 
sprinklers. 

	They made their way down the tower and met up with 
Kiyone, and Mihoshi.  Sasimi was there also, looking after 
Nobuyuki.

	"We better get out of here," Ryoko said.  In the 
distance sirens were heard.  Police and rescue vehicles 
were coming to the scene.  "Ayeka do you have it?"

	Ayeka nodded and pulled out a small box.  There were 
three small metallic triangles inside.  She placed one on 
the foreheads of Achika, Ranma and Nobuyuki. 

	"So they won't remember a thing?"  Tenchi asked.

	"Yes, it's best that way," Ayeka said finishing. 

	"It's time to go," Ryoko said. 

	Tenchi nodded and looked at the sleeping form of 
Achika.  "Sleep well mother." he said softly.

	Before he vanished he heard her say something in her 
sleep.  

	"Tenchi..." she said.

****----***----****

	Achika woke up finding, herself lying in a bed that 
wasn't her own. Katsuhito walked in carrying a cup of tea. 

	"Ah... you're awake. You've been a sleep for a day 
now." a look of relief was on his face.  

	"Where are we?"  She looked around the room.

	"We are at Tokyo General hospital.  What was the last 
thing you remember Achika-chan?" he asked.
 
	"I was with my class...  We were at Tokyo tower 
and...  I can't remember anything else.  What happened 
father?"

	"They say that the tower was struck by lightning.  An 
explosion occurred and several people were injured as a 
result."

	"Father, where's Ranma?"

	A pause, "Come with me," he finally said. 

***--**--***

	"No..." Achika saw the redhead lying in bed with 
machines hooked up to her.  The beep of the heart monitor 
was heard.  

	The doctor was with them.   

	"I'm sorry Masaki-san.  There's nothing we can do.  
Her body is deteriorating at a rapid rate. We're running 
tests but so far we haven't yet isolated the cause.  It's 
only a matter of time before her body shuts down 
completely, maybe three days at the most.  I'm afraid that 
only a miracle can save her now." 

	"Father..." Achika began tears welled up in her eyes. 

	Katsuhito nodded understanding.

***--**--***  

	Achika prayed.  There was nothing left she could do.  
Her father and her had taken Ranma home.  The doctors 
didn't protest; they couldn't do anything. 

	"Only a miracle can save her now," was what one of 
them had said.  

	"If that's what it takes then." Achika told the man.  

	She kneeled facing the Holy tree.  "To anyone who can 
hear me.  My friend needs your help.  He's dying and I know 
of no other way to cure him.  He good person with a kind 
heart.  Please I love him."  She said quietly.  Her face 
was wet with tears.  

	Katsuhito looked sadly at his daughter's grief.  It 
had been difficult for Achika when her mother died, and now 
she had to deal with this.  He looked at Ranma's body lying 
next to them.  With a worried expression he wondered, 
"Tsunami, are you listening?"'

***--**--***
	 
	Ranma gazed out over the tranquil waters.  He knew 
where he was but how he got there he couldn't remember.  He 
felt a touch on his shoulder. 

	"Tsunami," he addressed the woman.  "What am I doing 
here?"

	"Remember," she said and touched his forehead.  

	Images flashed through his mind.  The class trip, 
Tokyo tower and, "Kain!"  Ranma said.  "He's gone isn't 
he?" 

	"Yes.  You and Achika were able to stop him."

	"Then why am I here?  I don't remember coming here."  
His brows knitted. 

	"Look," she said pointing to the waters below.  

	Ranma saw his reflection, the redhead stared back at 
him.  It blurred and another image appeared.  It was of 
Achika and her father kneeling before the Sacred Tree.  
Beside them he saw his body wrapped in a blanked between 
the two. 

	"Achika...  Tsunami, what happening?"  Ranma started 
to panic.

	"You're dying Ranma.  The human body has no defenses 
against the anti-Juri energy that Kain used.  His essence 
somehow contaminated you when you fought.  It's slowly 
killing you from within."

	Ranma nodded remembering the cuts and scrapes he 
received. What about Achika, is she all right?

	Yes, her body can withstand Kain's corruption.

	Relief washed over him.  "At least she's safe now."
	
	"Do you have any regrets? she asked. 

	A pause, He looked Tsunami in the eye.  "No, I'd give 
my life for her again if I had to."  

	"You love her then?" she asked.

	"Yes."

	Tsunami smiled.  She held out her hand.  There was 
what looked like a small pebble floating above it.  

	"What is that?"  Ranma looked at the object 
curiously.  

	"A seed, the symbol of new life."

	"New life?"

  	"Accept it and it will save you, but you will be 
changed."  

	"Changed?"

	"There is too little of you body left functioning to 
repair.  What can be saved will be saved but the rest must 
be rebuilt entirely.  With out this you will die."

	"I don't have much of choice then do I? he said 
wryly."

	"I'm sorry, Ranma," she said sadly. "It is the only 
way." 

	"I accept then."

	Tsunami nodded.  She placed it upon his chest.  It 
passed through his skin and entered his body.  The blue 
glow could be seen from the point on his chest.

	"What's happening to me?"  Ranma asked frightened.  
He watched as lines grew out from the seed and made their 
way out through his entire body.  He realized that they 
were roots, the seed was growing inside of him. 

	"Do not be afraid Ranma.  It is mending your body.  
Rest now and accept what is happening."  She spoke in a 
soothing voice quelling his doubts.

	Ranma relaxed letting go of the last of his fears.  

***--**--***

	"Ranma," the voice said.  "Ranma, can you hear me?"

	Ranma opened his eyes and saw the most beautiful face 
he had ever seen.  "Am I in heaven?" he asked.  "Are you an 
angle?"

	Ranma! she held him tightly and buried her face on 
his chest sobbing. 

	"Achika-chan?"

	"I though I lost you," she cried.

	"Never," he said.  He held her chin up and gently 
brushed the loose strands of hair away from her wet face. 
"I'll never leave you.  Achika-chan I... I love you."  
	
	She looked into his deep blue eyes.  "I love you 
too," she said and kissed him passionately on the lips.  
Their kiss deepened and the rest of the world faded away.

	"Ahem," Katsuhito said clearing his throat. 

	Masaki-sensi!  Ranma blurted realizing the other 
man's presence.

	"Father!"  Achiak said her face becoming beat red. 

	The two pulled away from each other hastily with 
sheepish expressions on their faces.  

	"Achika-chan, why don't you help Ranma back to the 
house?"  I'm sure that he could use some more rest.  "Right 
Ranma?" he said narrowing his eyes at the two.

	Ranma swallowed.  "Y-yes, sensi."

	Achika also nodded as she helped Ranma up. 

	Katsuhito watched then go and chuckled to himself.  
He faced the Holy tree and bowed.  "Thank you Tsunami," he 
said gratefully.

	"No thanks are required lord Yosho."  An image of the 
woman appeared from the tree.  She smiled.  "The boy is 
remarkable, you trained him well."

	"What did you do to him?"  Yosho the crown prince of 
Juri asked.  "I can feel the Juri energy coming from him 
now." 

	"The only way I could save him was to graft a seed of 
a Juri tree into him."

	"Then the seed you used..."

	"Yes, it was to be Achika's tree, just as Funaho is 
you tree."  She patted the bark fondly.  "You know as well 
as I that a seed will not grow on Earth.  And without her 
own tree to sustain her, Achika would only live as long as 
a normal human."  
	
	"So Ranma is now..." Yosho was shaken by the 
revelation.  ''A tree of Juri that isn't...'

	"As I said, the boy is remarkable.  Watch over both 
of them Lord Yosho.  You'll have to tell them the truth 
soon.  Ranma already knows some but Achika must learn of 
her true heritage.  I leave the rest to you."

	"One more thing Tsunami," Yosho asked.

	"Yes?"

	"About Ranma's special problem?"

	Tsunami laughed.  "He'll find out soon enough."  As 
she disappeared it began to rain.

	Yosho chuckeled as he walked home. 

***--**--***

	As the first drop of water hit him, Ranma groaned.  
Achika smirked at his usual reaction.  Ranma felt more 
drops and braced himself for the inevitable change.  
Nothing happened. 

	"Ranma..." Achika said softly her eyes were smiling.

	He looked at her and saw that she was getting soaked.  
He looked at himself and saw the same.  "I'm still a 
guy..." he said unbelieving.  "I'm still a guy!"

	"I'm happy for you Ranma!"  Achika said.

	He picked her up and hugged her tightly.  "I love 
you."

	"I love you too."


****----***----****

The Future.

	"We're back!"  Sasami happily shouted as the group 
reappeared in the room.  It was as how they left it.  
Ayeka's bowl of crackers was on the table, the box of 
pictures was on the floor and the movie was running.  

	"Is everyone all right?" Tenchi asked. 

	"It worked!"  Ryoko said looking at film.  Achika was 
there again walking through he woods, with her was Ranko.

	"Yes, everything is back to normal," Ayeka agreed. 

	"Tenchi, lets celebrate," Ryoko said in a husky 
voice.  She snaked under his arm and started rubbing his 
chest. 

	Tenchi felt a nosebleed coming. 

	"Have you not decency?"  Ayeka growled.  

	Oh, what are you going to do about it little Miss 
proper?  Ryoko stuck her tongue out at her. 
	
	"Ah Ayeka, Ryoko?"  Tenchi saw the wooden blocks 
appear around the princess and Ryoko's light sword flashed 
into existence. 

 	Before the battle started the front door opened.  
"Mom!  Dad!"  Tenchi said.  Instantly the two girls jumped 
apart from each other and greeted the couple.

	"We're home!" Achika said.  Behind her Ranma followed 
carrying a bag of groceries.

	"Welcome home Achika-sama," Ayeka said in her demure 
matter. 

	"Did you have fun shopping, auntie?" Ryoko asked 
sweetly.  

	Tenchi grew a sweatdrop seeing the sudden change in 
the two.  The two girls tried to out do each other in 
sweetness toward the elder woman.

	"Every thing was just fine girls."  Achika said.  She 
walked up and gave Tenchi a peck on the cheek.  She winked 
at him.  "I'm glad to see that you're getting along well 
together.  It's good that you're not fighting anymore."

	Ayeka and Ryoko looked at eachother nervously. 

	Tenchi smiled at his mother gratefully.  She was a 
beautiful woman and though she was in her early forties she 
looked like she was in her late twenties.  In her eyes he 
could see the years of wisdom with.  

	With just a few subtle hints she could diffuse the 
arguments that Ryoko and Ayeka always got into.  He hated 
to think what his life would be like if his mother weren't 
there.    

	Ranma set the bags on the table.  "How was your night 
Tenchi?"

	"It was interesting dad..." Tenchi said to the older 
man.  His father was also in his early forties with a few 
streaks of gray in his pigtail, which reached down the 
length of his back.
 
	His father looked at him curiously and laughed.  You 
can tell me about it later.  He tussled Tenchi's hair 
playfully. 

	Tenchi loved his father's easygoing manner in things.  
He could easily talk to his father when he wanted and Ranma 
would patiently listen giving advice whenever he could.   
	
	Tenchi couldn't believe how close he had come to 
losing his family.  What would he do with out them? He 
wondered. 

	"Tenchi, is everything all right?"  Achika asked.

	"Yeah mom, everything's great."  Tenchi said.


The End




Story Notes:
First rule of Love in Anime.  Love comes in the shape of a 
triangle or more complicated geometric shapes.  

If you haven't noticed, this story is set in the Tenchi 
Muyo in Love story line.  I think I'm following it fairly 
well.  If you haven't seen the movie, it shouldn't matter. 

If you have seen the movie you might be wonder about the 
Operative.  He's there in the background but I didn't see 
the need to write him in. 

Ranma a Juri Tree you ask?  Well, I think it could work.  
It's an excuse to make Ranma more powerful and it keeps 
Achika alive.  Cures his cure to boot!  

I'm not really sure where else to take this.  I'm open to 
any suggestions.  


Author Notes:

Well, that's all folks.  I am tired.  It seems that each 
chapter is getting longer and longer.  I really hope it's 
worth it.  I'm not boring anyone am I?  If I am, please let 
me know.  

I'd like to thank everyone for their support.  It's readers 
like you that made this possible.  If you have any comments 
please send your messages to both the e-mail address below. 
I'm in the process of moving and my address will soon 
change. 


I'm looking for anyone who would be interested in pre-
reading my works.
Also, I'm getting a web page soon.  Since I cant draw I was 
wondering 
If anyone out there would mind doing some fan-art and send 
me a picture
Of Ranma and Achika together.

Send all mail to the address below.  For the subject please 
put:

Ranma|Tenchi

****************
Cruzd@rpi.edu
**************** 

	
