INTRODUCTION for those who are wondering what the hell this is
about:

This story takes place in a semi-alternate Doctor Who universe
known as "This Time Round". This universe was created by Tyler
Dion and has been expanded greatly by the mad people on the
Alt.DrWho.Creative newsgroup. 

"This Time Round" involves virtually the entire cast of Doctor
Who past, present and (?) future, but puts them in a setting
completely and utterly outside of continuity. Primarily these
stories take place around a tavern known as the This Time
Round, whose clientele is among the oddest of any pub in
existence and where almost anything can and will happen.  Most
stories are written for their humor value.

"To Die For" is a sub-series of "This Time Round", and evolved
out of a series of posts by Erin Tumilty, B.K. Willis, Douglas
Killings (me), and others. Essentially, it centers around the
long-maligned companion Adric and his primary tormentor, the
identity of whom should be rather obvious if you know anything
about Doctor Who. 

Because at least two of the contributors to this series are
die-hard anime fans, a large number of anime characters have
recently been showing up for no other reason than because it's
fun. My contributions steal primarily from "Ranma 1/2" and
"Tenchi Muyo", but other series have contributed.

Any errors are mine and mine alone.  Please don't be too harsh
on me; I only write these for entertainment.  Comments are
always appreciated.

--Douglas B. Killings
DeTroyes@EnterAct.Com

********************

Adric's New Role
Another Silly Lunchbreak Fic, more or less in the TTR universe
(and then some).
*****

Kagato was back.

Somehow he'd survived, and now wanted revenge on Tenchi and
the girls.  Washu was gone, Sasami was missing, and Ayeka...
Tenchi had no idea where Ayeka was, and there was a part of
him inside that dreaded to find out.

As for the other part of his heart...  it was currently
chasing him, throwing energy bolts and causing her usual
inordinate amount of property damage.  Only this time, all of
her ire was being directed at him.

"Ryoko!" Tenchi shouted over his shoulder, dodging another
piece of flying debris that had once been part of a classroom
wall.  "This isn't you!  This is Kagato controlling you!"

Ryoko merely gave him that vacant, zombie-like stare that sent
shivers up and down his spine.  "I... obey Kagato.  Kagato is
my Master..."

A flash of light, and the floor of the hallway collapsed
around them.  Tenchi stumbled, lost his footing, and fell with
the concrete to the floor below.  Ryoko, typically, merely
hung in mid air and slowly floated downwards toward him.

>From the ground, he looked up at the girl he... no, he
couldn't say it, not now, not ever, no matter how much he
sometimes thought about it.  But yet, that was why he couldn't
do it, couldn't fight her.  The Juryai-powered sword was in
his hands, and he couldn't bring himself to use it.  Not
against her, not the one he...

If there was any part of the Ryoko he knew left in the person
hovering over him, it wasn't visible.  Slowly, she raised her
hands above her head.

A small, red glowing light began to form...

"CUT!"

Ryoko and Tenchi both froze, then relaxed.  The alien girl
brought her hands down slowly and helped her fellow cast
member to his feet.

"How'd we do?" Tenchi asked, as their Director approached.

"Good job, good job!" the Director said, clapping as he walked
towards them.  "We're going to go directly to the next take." 
The Director turned to the crew behind him.  "Cue stunt man!"
he shouted.

Tenchi gave his stunt double a high-five as they passed each
other .  Ryoko smiled and waved an arm energetically.  The
dark high school uniform fit the double much better than that
garish yellow-green thing he usually wore.  "Ohayoo, Adric-
kun!  How's it going?" she remarked as he approached.

"Well, I'm working again.  Can't complain."

Ryoko laughed.  "Still bartending at that dive?"

Adric shrugged.  "It's a steady income.  Besides, they'd all
suspect something was up if I suddenly stopped working there."

He sat on the ground and began to lay himself into something
like the position Tenchi had been moments before.  Some of the
continuity people knelt beside him and helped place his legs
and arms into approximately the correct position.  The next
shot was going to be a long-field one, so there really wasn't
a need to get it exactly right.  But still, there was the
professionalism of it all.

"This is still much better than what I usually get on ADWC, at
any rate." Adric opined, as they handed him a Juryai power-
sword prop.

Ryoko nodded in sympathy.  "I believe it.  I had a look at
some of that over the weekend."  She shivered.  "And I thought
the things RAAC did to Kunou were bad."

"Places, everyone!" The Director shouted.

Ryoko raised her hands above her head.  "Ready?"

Adric-as-Tenchi looked upwards in mock fear.  "Give me your
worst!"

The Director started to shout.  "Ready, set... ACTION!"

A ball of red energy began to form between Ryoko's hands. 
"Tenchi Masaki..." she spat, her voice rising.  "SHI-NEEEE!!!"

*********
NOTE:
Shi-ne!! = Die!!
RAAC = Rec.Arts.Anime.Creative

-- DBK
7 March 1999