Xover of OMG, Tenchi, and FY.
PM Productions Presents
A Phillip Masters Fanfic
Interesting Times
Prologue

     "Kai-jin." Miyaka whispered and red light instantly exploded from
her.  A whirl of wind surrounded her and she began to lift from the
ground.  She stopped, levitating about four feet over it.
     She reopened her eyes and surveyed the damage around herself.
Buildings were demolished, people dead, the street in ruins.  A large
chunk of Tokyo was obliterated, thanks largely to her own tampering in
things better left alone.  
     She concentrated, and the hour glass-like symbol on her forhead
flared brilliantly.  "I wish..."

_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_

     Masaki Tenchi leaned back in his chair and stared out at the lake.
His eyelids seemed to grow heavier as the sun's rays glittered on the
slowly rolling waves.  It was Sunday and his chores were finished.  With
Ryo-ohki's help the weeding of his garden took only an hour, effectively
leaving him with absolutely nothing to do.  At first, he was bored, but
as the day waned he began to appreciate the relative quiet.
     He briefly wondered what everyone was doing.  The house seemed
almost unearthly still, which was an amusing irony.  After another
moment he ceased to care, and he listened to Ryo-ohki's soft purring.
The cabbit had taken to the intense beam of sunshine that lanced its way
through his open window, and quickly fell fast asleep.  Tenchi was
seriously considering joining the animal shortly.  
     Unfortunately, his day dreams of dreamland were halted as a
peculiar noise drew his attention to his back.  Behind him, across the
room, his recently aquired wall mirror was glowing softly.  The silver
lined antique was a gift for his nineteenth birthday, and he had thought
nothing unusual about it.  The fact that it was illuminating the dimmer
half of his room made him reevaluate the situation.  He rose and began
to make his way toward the phenomenon hanging next to his door.  
     He barely acknowledged the sound of Ryo-ohki waking up behind him.
Then, all thought was abruptly cut off as a slim hand emerged from the
incandecent surface.  The fingers were amazingly delicate and its skin
almost seemed to give off a light of its own.  
     Tenchi stopped as he watched an arm follow the hand out of the
mirror.  He reached over to his dresser and picked up Tenchi-ken.  He
didn't activate its blade, but he watched carefully as someone climbed
out of his wall. 
     Pretty soon it was apparent that the 'someone' was definately
female.  Her body was swathed in intricate robes, reminescent of Ayeka's
Juraian garb.  Her face came next, followed last by a long shower of
brown hair. Tenchi found himself almost awed by the beauty of the woman
who had just appeared in his room.  He also wondered where she was from
and what she was doing there.  "Um, excuse me..." he began, not sure how
to continue.
     The woman opened her eyes and smiled.  The slowly descending sun
suddenly lost all of its charm.  Tenchi could feel a physical power
eminating from the person before him the likes of which he had never
felt.  However, her smile asured him that she was not at all a threat.
     "Masaki Tenchi?" she asked, cocking her head to one side.  
     He nodded in response, still not positive as to what to say.  Her
smile grew even brighter, something Tenchi would have sworn impossible.
"Hello, I'm the goddess Belldandy.  I'm here to grant you any one wish
you desire." she announced in a crystal clear voice of unmistakable
authority.  
     "A wish?" Tenchi replied, "You are here to grant me a wish?"
     Belldandy nodded, "Exactly.  It may be anything you want."
     Tenchi had a million questions burring his mind.  He tried to work
out where to begin, but found the task nearly impossible.  So, he went
with the simplest path possible.  "Okay, I wish..."
END Prologue
Don't beat me up!  Part One should be finished by tomorrow.  I was
forced to finish this by four due to maintenence on WebTV after that
time, until seven.  So I had to send what was done... I was lucky to get
to the nice breakoff point I did.  Send whatever comments you like for
now though, please.  
Thanks for reading,
PMasters (4-15-98)        

"I'm only holding back the rain.  So many raindrops, so many pains.  I
want to find my train someday.  As seasons go past the station." - Tokyo
Babylon OVA 1
/ E-mail at:  PhilMasters@webtv.net /
Web page pending use of a computer!
"...has anyone ever used something alive for a coat of arms?" - The
Sailor Who Fell From Grace With The Sea (Mishima Yukio, 1965) / 
"You see, what you call a cat, we use as armor." - Londs (El-Hazard,
1994)