Tenchi Muyo!   Men in Black
By Andrew Askew  (awa51669@jetson.uh.edu)

Tenchi and Co. are copyright, of AIC.  Men in Black is copyright
Marvel comics, I believe.  Events in this fic are supposed to occur in
the OAV series continuity, after Aeka and Sasami have just taken up residence
at the Masaki household.

                        Tenchi Muyo!
                        Men in Black

<Somewhere in North America>
A wide white walled room buzzed with activity.  Aliens going through customs
were impatiently awaiting for the go ahead to get on their respective ways,
some of them after hundreds of light years' journeys.
"What's so important Zed?"  the rather severe looking agent asked.  His
worried blue eyes were almost lost in the maze of wrinkles that creased
his careworn face.  Brushing back his salt-and-pepper hair, he looked over
the other man's black-suit-clad shoulder. (Think Tommy Lee Jones, folks)
"We've got another one, K.  Came down right over Japan, as plain as day.
Wonder what's so special about this area."
K frowned.  "They didn't pick it up on radar? And what do you mean, another
one?"
Zed turned from the main monitor to face him.  "Just yesterday a signal the
strength of which we've never seen blew up out of this same general area.
Whether or not there's a ship involved with that one or not, we don't know.
But LMSAT 250 just picked up this thing on the scope."
Images flashed on the screen.  A huge, for all the world, wooden, ship
floated on the screen with the earth as it's backdrop.  There was no question
it intended to come in for a landing, or worse, an attack run.
"Who've we got on the ground in Japan?"  K asked, searching his memory.
Oddly enough he couldn't seem to recall.
"That's just it.  There are only one or two resident aliens in that area,
and they've both been there long enough that xenopsych trusts them.  We
didn't want to spread our people out that far for just a couple of veterans."
K stared at him.  "You mean we have no one there?"
Zed stared back at him.  "Not yet.  Better pack up, and tell the kid."
The ship loomed closer on the screen.

Some months later...
Another peaceful day was dawning at the Masaki household.  Well,
relatively peaceful, that was.
"RYOKO!" a voice shrieked.  Explosions followed, as they usually did.
Tenchi looked up from breakfast.  "Looks like Aeka-san's in good form
today,"  he commented to Sasami, who as usual was letting Ryo-ohki-chan
steal a bite of food or two from her plate.  Carrots, of course.
"Nyah!"  called Ryoko, hurtling into the room at breakneck speed.
"No fighting over breakfast!"  Tenchi called out, hoping that somehow they'd
actually listen.
Surprisingly enough, this morning was indeed different.  The two antagonists
settled down, and a new hope began to dawn in Tenchi's mind.  Maybe today
major home repairs wouldn't be necessary.
Sadly that hope was soon crushed as a relatively minor food fight, begun
by Ryoko flicking a crumb or two in Aeka's direction, erupted into a full-
scale brawl.  The wall behind Ryoko soon paid the price, and Tenchi had
this afternoon's activities laid out for him.
Finishing his breakfast, Tenchi tried to make himself heard over the
continuing brawl.  "It's time for me to practice with Grandpa.  Don't
let them destroy the ENTIRE house, Sasami-chan!"
"Hai!"  Sasami replied, cheerful as ever, beginning to clear the table
as best she could around the mass of flailing limbs that was Aeka and
Ryoko.

Tenchi walked towards the shrine with no small sense of relief.  At least
while his grandfather ran him through the daily body breaking exercise
routines he could be out of the cross-fire between Aeka and Ryoko.
He had just finished climbing the stairs when he heard his grandfather's
voice.  Another, foreign voice answered it, in lightly American accented
Japanese.
"...disturbance in this area a few months ago," the voice was saying.
"I see,"  Katsushito's voice answered.
A third and horrendously accented voice chimed in.  "You wouldn't have
been taking an unscheduled trip or anything like that would you? 'Cuz
I know you'd have let us know before something like that..."
"Tenchi!"  his grandfather's voice called suddenly from the shrine.
"Stop eavesdropping and come inside."
Blushing furiously (insert sweatdrop here) Tenchi tentatively opened the
door to the shrine.  Inside were two black suited foreigners, one light
skinned, the other dark, beside his grandfather.  As he entered
all three stood up.
"This is my grandson Tenchi."  Katsushito told the men.  The darker one
exchanged a glance with the other man.  "Tenchi, these two gentlemen are
here to meet with our guests at the house.  Please introduce them."
"Give us a minute first, please."  the darker man said first, and the
two of them drew away from Tenchi and his grandfather.

"So this kid is half alien?" J asked in a low voice to his partner.
"One-quarter."
"I didn't think, that...ya know that was exactly kosher..."
"Look, slick, when we first started up, we found that there were already
some aliens living in secret on this planet without our help.  Yosho here was
one of them, he registered with us, and told us of another alien he'd
imprisoned here.  Given what he told us, we simply grandfathered them both
in and maintained the status quo.  We were already having enough trouble
with the other races that we figured...well, if they could get along well
enough without us more power to them.  That's why we don't have a field
office here."
J glanced back to where Tenchi and his grandfather stood.  "Does the kid
know?"
"Does it matter?  We just finished blanking the last few people who saw
the unorthodox activity here already.  If the old man doesn't want him
to know, we'll neuralize him too."
"Yo, don't be using the flashy thing like there's no tomorrow, K.  That
thing may cause brain damage or something..."

They rejoined Tenchi and he led them out of the shrine, back towards the
house.  J decided to try and strike up a conversation with the boy.
"So, uh ...Tenchi, right?  You haven't seen anything really out of the
ordinary around here in the last couple of weeks, have you?"
(Insert GIANT sweatdrop here)  "Unusual?  I don't really know what you'd
call unusual..."
"Have you witnessed anything in the evening sky?  A spacecraft or something
similar?"  K interrupted.
(Insert 2X giant sweatdrop)  "Spacecraft?  Er...no.  Nothing like that.
Who were you guys with again?  You're not Japanese."  the last was a
statement, not a question.
"We're...ah, with a special secret UN task force."  J answered right off
the top of his head.  "I'm agent Black.  This is agent Mansfield."
"You're getting good at that,"  K muttered in English as a side note.
"Good teacher,"  J responded in kind, then noted the look Tenchi was
giving them.
"What sort of agency..." Tenchi began, but J cut him off.
"We were just wondering about that sort of stuff in this area, 'cuz we'd,
you know, seen like a post-it on the board at work about it."
Tenchi relaxed a little bit.  "This area is supposedly littered with
legends of evil spirits and demons and the like.  No one's seen anything
like that for, ah..."  Tenchi paused, suddenly remembering a certain demon,
"as long as anyone can remember."
They stopped, as they had arrived at the house.  Tenchi stepped in and
nervously announced.  "Father?  We have visitors!"  hoping that their
houseguests would for once behave and not scare the daylights out of the
agents.
As he had been so many times in the past, Tenchi was disappointed in that
respect as Ryoko phased in from thin air right beside him.  "Tenchi?  Who
are these men?"
Tenchi facefaulted, and prepared to deal with the men behind him, but both
took it in stride.
"You're...Ryoko, right?" the one introduced as agent Mansfield asked,
leafing through a file folder he'd pulled from somewhere.
Ryoko grinned and pulled Tenchi in closer to her.  "That's right,
handsome.  But don't try anything, I'm taken."
Tenchi once again reddened, but Mansfield simply ignored that.  "I just
need you to sign here."  he said proffering a form and a pen.
Ryoko took it disinterestedly.  "What is it?"  she asked.
"Your registration papers.  They've been approved already.  Just sign."
Ryoko signed somewhat uncertainly, and Mansfield took the form.
He then offered her a laminated card.  "Your license.  You're all set."
Ryoko examined the card with some curiosity, and Tenchi followed suit.
"MiB Alien Registry"  the card proclaimed.  Along with it were statistics
fitting Ryoko, estimated amount of time spent on Earth and a few other facts.
"You mean, you already knew about..." Tenchi asked rubbing the back of his
neck.
"Yes, sir, we knew all about her.  It also says right here that the statute
of limitations on her outstanding criminal warrants has run out.
Congratulations Ms.  Ryoko.  Not that we care. Earth is an apolitical zone,
but your awakening could have otherwise caused some nasty extradition
negotiations, you understand..."
Both Tenchi and Ryoko chose this moment to simply stare at the two
black suited men for a moment.  "How did you..."
"Your grandfather told us.  Now, your other houseguests?"
"I er...Ryoko, where is Aeka?"
Sasami bounded in with Ryo-ohki in hot pursuit.  "Uh...has that thing had its
shots?"  Black asked, a bit tentatively, feeling not quite so bemused as
Tenchi and Ryoko, but still swept along in his partner's wake.
"It's not an animal; we don't really have to do extra paperwork for it,"
Mansfield told him.
"But, er K, what is it then?"
K, as he'd now been addressed, was bending down to speak with Sasami.
"Would you go get your sister please?"  he asked her.
Sasami nodded, and bounced off, the cabbit bounded after her thinking this
was just a great game.
"Who are you guys really?"  Tenchi demanded, more forcefully.
K straightened up and took a deep breath.  "The kid and I are from a private
and highly funded agency that monitors and polices alien activity on Earth.
That's all you need to know.  Now, what you need to understand is that this
area has nearly been as active as New York in the last few weeks, but we
only had two aliens on file.  What we're here to find out is why that is."
This took approximately three seconds to sink in.
"Officers I can tell you exactly who is to blame for that!"  Ryoko stated.
"That girl and her sister have done nothing but cause chaos since they've
been here!  I mean crashing their ship into the Earth of all things.  I
would lock her up and throw away the..."
"Ryoko!"  Tenchi exclaimed.
"What?  They arrest her and then we can have more time to ourselves, ne
Tenchi?"  she began rubbing up against him, catlike, purring.
At that precise moment, Sasami returned with Aeka in tow.  "Ryoko!" she
shouted, but J interrupted the incipient brawl.
"Ladies, ladies, please!"  he said, stepping into that most dangerous area
separating the two.
"Ladies," Aeka harumphed.  "That....that PIRATE is no lady."  Meanwhile
Ryoko was making faces at Aeka, still hanging over Tenchi.
Things seemed to be coming to a head, but then K interrupted.
"Aeka, princess of Jurai, and Sasami, her sister, right?  We'll need you
to come with us, please?"
This brought everything to a complete stop.  "What?"  Aeka blustered.
"We'll need you and your sister to come with us to fill out your
paperwork and get you registered to live on this planet.  There are laws
and treaties here, that you're breaking by not being registered.  Since
you DID crash here, we're going to exempt that, AND since you're also
technically covered by diplomatic immunity we're going to overlook the
little firefight you had in orbit, but that's as far as we'll go.  You'll
need to come with us to get your registration and immunization records
finalized."
"What about her?"  Aeka demanded pointing at Ryoko, her full clip of
princess-rage still active.
J fielded that one.  "She's been on this planet for over 700 years.  If she
had anything contagious, then we're all immune to it by now anyway."
Aeka pouted.  "And her registration?"
Ryoko waved the card in front of her.  "Nyahh!  Already done."
Aeka was about to start fuming again, but K began to herd them out the
door to a black sedan parked outside.  Sasami bounded in, and in time J
persuaded Aeka into getting into the car as well.  They paused for a moment
before getting in and escorting them back to the city where they had a
temporary office set up.
"K?  Do you actually think we can trust them out here on their own
recognizance?"
"Well, I tell you, slick.  They're pretty far out here, no close neighbors
and they seem like they keep the noise in check.  How much trouble are
a couple of girls gonna get into?"
Time would tell.
[FIN]

Another fic, another author's note, this is starting to get to be a habit.
Once more thanks to my editor John Harp, who also made the fateful
statement one day, about how strange it would be if someone wrote a
Tenchi/MiB crossover.
As usual, any comments, criticisms, death threats, and well meaning curses
are appreciated, and not ignored.  Please send such mail to :
awa51669@jetson.uh.edu







