Mihoshi in Slayer's Land
By Joe (mihoshi_rules@hotmail.com)

It was midnight and Mihoshi was sleep walking 
and happened to get into Washu's laboratory. Mihoshi 
walked into an interdemensional chamber and her hand 
hit the transwarp switch and then glittery blue swirls 
surrounded her. The molecules were forced to separate 
and reappear on an unfamiliar land in an unfamiliar world. 
A world of magic and the sword.

"Ah! That was a good sleep," Mihoshi yawned, 
looked around then, realizing she is not in her bed. "Wow! 
Where am I?" Mihoshi continued, as she got up to her feet 
to search her surroundings.

Mihoshi walked past some trees and heard a running 
stream. She followed the sound of the river til she came to a 
group of apples in a small pilenear a some oak trees. Then 
Mihoshi walked toward the apples, and suddenly she heard a 
snap! A rope under some leaves closed around her feet and 
she was quickly raised 20 feet into the air, suspended by her feet.

About 20 feet in the air, hanging upside down, she 
heard something approaching. "What's that?" thinks Mihoshi, 
till she saw something, something big and green. Then she 
sees them, two of them, then another, then three more came 
into sight. They're big. They're mean. And they're trolls.

Mihoshi started panicking and screamed, "Kiyone! Please 
help me!" She did not realize that Kiyone was not in her new land. 
The trolls were now about 20 feet away. Mihoshi screamed, 
"Someone, anyone, please help me!" 

Then three figures came into view. "Hold foul creatures!!!

"Who can't help but to torture a young girl? As justice is my 
witness. That girl shall be free from your evil torment."a voice called 
out to the trolls from high in the trees. It is none other than the 
hero-worshiping, justice-loving princess Amelia Wil Tesla Seyruun. 

Below her on the ground were Lina Inverse and Gourry Gabriev 
with his hand on his magical sword, the Sword of Light which
slew the mighty beast Zanifer in one stroke.

"Oh! Thank you for coming to save me!" said Mihoshi in her 
gleeful voice of relief, swinging upside down in the wind. 

Amelia lost her footing and fell atop Lina and Gourry. And 
Lina said "You know you've really got to work on your intros."

Gourry pushed Amelia off and said "We can talk about this 
later! Right now we have trolls to worry about and a girl to free." 

Then all three get up, ready to fight the troll that were about to charge.

The trolls charged Lina and Gourry, now 30 feet away, then 
22 feet. Lina cast a spell. "Flaire arrow!" Lina yelled, as she launched
them at the trolls. Three of the eight arrows hit their mark, putting 
holes into trolls and then the wounds healed a second after it was made. 

The trolls that were hit by the Lina's magic spell were pushed 10 feet 
back, while the others still charged.

"Oh! Please save me! I'm getting sick swinging here!" Mihoshi 
said, still swinging upside down, now with a face a shade of green.

Gourry charged the trolls that the that the arrows missed, and 
slashed them with his sword, but that had no effect for trolls regenerate 
themselves instantly "Lina!

Your spell had no effect and neither does my sword!" Gourry said with 
sword in one hand, scratching his head in wonder with the other.

"Come on guys! Hurry up and save me! I don't want to be 
lunch!" Cried Mihoshi.

"Lina! Do you want me to use the sword of light?" Gourry 
asked with his needle in hand ready to seperate his sword blade 
from the hilt.

"Gourry, no need for that. Point your sword towards me. I'll 
enchant it!" Amelia said. Then Gourry pointed his sword towards 
Amelia, then she said "By the power of light, my magic and my hand 
I ask that this sword have the power of failed regeneration." Amelia 
chanted as she placed her right hand on Gourry's sword. Gourry's 
sword turned a light blue and this time when the trolls were cut they
turned into a powder and blew away in the wind.

Mihoshi in her gleeful voice asked "Oh! thank you, uh ... could 
youplease cut me down?"

"Sure thing, miss," Gourry said, as if in one motion he jumped 
into the air, cut the rope, and caught her in his arms.

"Oh! Thank you!, Mihoshi said," looking at Gourry.

"No problem, Excuse me, Miss. Could you please tell me your 
name?" Gourry asked politely.

"Mihoshi Kurimatsu. What's yours?" kindly asked Mihoshi, 
brushing her pajamas off. Then Mihoshi thought, " Oh wow!!! he's 
much more handsome then Tenchi." 

"Well Mihoshi, my name is Gourry Gabriev, " He said and as 
he thought" Oh man, she's much cuter than Lina."

Suddenly their eyes turned heart shaped as they looked into 
each other's eyes and Lina turned her head back and forth looking 
from one to the other then she placed her right hand onto her 
forehead and said, "Oh no! Why me?" Because she was starting to get 
feelings for her companion Gourry.

Gourry took Mihoshi's hands into his and said, "You know, 
you're nothing like Lina. You're chest's not flat at all."

Lina walked up behind Gourry and hit him in his side and 
said, "What did you say?"

Gourry rubbed his side and said "Oh ... Uh ... Nothing that 
has to do with you."

Then Mihoshi in her ignorance said "Oh, that's not true. 
You said, You know, Your nothing like Lina. Your chests not 
flat at all."

Lina fumed and very angrily and loud said, "What! How 
dare you compare me to her like that. You Idiot!!!" Lina jumped up 
and on the way down she elbowed Gourry on the head. Then after 
she landed she said, "Ah! That makes me feel a bit better"
Gourry rubbed his head and said, "You didn't have to hit me 
so hard!"

"Well next time don't say that!" Lina replied in an angry tone 
with her eyes narrowed.

"Come on guys. Lets not fight each other. Lets save our 
strength for the battle against evil and injustice!!!" Amelia said in 
her cheerful voice.

"Please, don't fight!" Mihoshi said getting between Lina and 
Gourry trying to separate them.

"Hey Lina it's about lunch time, lets find a town and get 
something to eat . I'm starved!" Gourry said rubbing his stomach."
Come to think of it, it has been a while since we ate," Lina 
replied 

Pulling out a map, Amilia said "there's a town one mile down 
the road"

"Mind if I travel with you since I don't know where I am?" 
Mihoshi replied, looking a little sad because she's a little without 
her friends and in a unfamiliar land.

Amilai, Lina, Gourry, and the new acquaintance Mihoshi 
walk down the path to a town to get some lunch and for Mihoshi, 
well you'll see.


-Meanwhile at the Masaki Residence-

"Has anyone seen Mihoshi?" Tenchi asked helping 
Sasami with the lunch dishes.

Ryoko and Ayeaka stopped arguing about which 
one of them is going to sit next to Tenchi at dinner and 
looked at each other. Then Ayeaka said, "Mihoshi's been 
gone for a while." Then she asked, "I wonder where she 
could've gone to?"

Then Ryoko said, "Good riddance, that's one less 
mouth to feed."

"You just say that so you can get a bigger serving 
of food. Come to think of it you did have four servings 
of rice while everyone else only had two for themselves,
"Ayeaka said with a sinister smile, trying to get on to 
Ryoko's nerves.

Ryoko snapped back with, "What!!! Being next in 
line to be queen of Jurai isn't enough for you, but now 
you have to be the official rice counter too!"

"What did you say!?. As the first princess of Jurai 
I order you to take that back!!!" Ayeaka snapped back 
yet again.

"Heh. Yeah right, and how's a little girl like you 
going to make me take it back?" Ryoko said in her chair 
putting her hands behind her head and reclining in her 
chair.

"Oh yeah!!!. I'll show you just how I'll make you 
take it back!" Ayeaka said standing up over the Space 
Pirate.

"Oh really, go ahead and try!!!" Ryoko said sarcastically
as she stood up. They stood up into each other's face and 
electricity flew from one to the other.

Suddenly Washu came in and said, "Mihoshi's in 
another dimension!!!!!" Then Ayeaka, Ryoko, and Kiyone 
looked at Washu.

Suddenly Kiyone jumped up off the couch and said, 
"All Right!!! Mihoshi's net even in this dimension. No 
wonder I've been at peace!!!"

"Not so fast Kiyone. You've got to go and save her."
Washu said drowning Kiyone's hopes and dreams of a
life without her scatter-brained and sometimes dim-witted
partner Mihoshi.

"Oh...Uh ...I'd love to help but...Uh...Gee...I've got 
an emergency call. Sorry but I gotta go...Yeah that's it,"
Kiyone said trying to get out of the rescue operation.

"Sorry Kiyone, but your watch isn't signaling an 
emergency. You're going on the rescue mission." Washu 
told Kiyone.

"O.K. you caught me there. Well, where is she?" 

Kiyone sighed as she shrugged her shoulders and rolled 
her eyes to the back of her head as she thought, "Why me?"

"I'll show you to the interdimensional chamber but 
first Tenchi, Sasami and Ryo-Oh-ki come here." Washu 
said as she walked to the closet door which lead to her 
laboratory because she redesigned it through sub-space.

Tenchi came out of the kitchen with Sasami and 
Ryo-Oh-ki and said, "Oh wow, Another dimension. I hope 
that she's all right."

"It's Mihoshi were talking about. With her luck she'll 
be just fine...I hope." Washu told Tenchi as she opened up 
the old closet door and walked on through while she thought 
"She had better be all right or the Galaxy Police will lock me 
up again."

"It figures. I've gotta save that bubble-head of a 
partner of mine" Kiyone said as she too walked through 
the door.

"All right! Lets go save Mihoshi!!!" Sasami yelled 
cheerfully with her arms, hands, and fingers outstretched 
as she too walked through the door.

"Miyaaa!" Ryo-oh-ki said from atop Sasami's head.


-At Washu's Laboratory-

Washu tossed clothes to everyone and
gave a small red cape to Ryo-Oh-ki and said, " 
Here put these on." 

"What's with the weird clothes?" asked Sasami 
holding up a pink, blue, white, and brown outfit 
which included a short white and blue skirt, 
pink top, and a brown cloak and sandals.

"That's a young girl's outfit for animal 
trainers! Cute huh? You're going to be a animal 
trainer and you, Ryo-Oh-ki will be her partner," 
Washu explained.

"All right. Isn't that fantastic Ryo-Oh-ki?" 
Sasami asked cheerfully.

"Miyaaa!" Ryo-Oh-ki replied.

Tenchi looked at the armor and sword and 
asked,"Miss Washu, What's with this stuff?"

"Well Tenchi, I know that you practice sword 
techniques so I thought that you would fit this roll 
perfectly. Tenchi you'll be a 
swordsman protecting Ayeaka from anything that 
may come her way," Washu told Tenchi.

"Um... Excuse me Miss Washu, but protect me.
What's my part in all of this?" Ayeaka asked wondering
as she lifted her fine silk and cotton dress.

"Ahh Lady Ayeaka, you will be a best friend to 
Mihoshi. And a lady of high stature with the friends 
who accompany you, as well as a friend to the poor."

"Uh... little Washu I've only used a bokto,
(wooden sword).In fact I've never been in a real 
fight or a fight where my life is at danger. I don't 
think I can handle this job," Tenchi told Washu, 
putting the sword and armor down.

Washu looked at Tenchi and then said, 
"Tenchi I have seen you practice. You are more 
than capable for this job."

"Ryoko, you'll be a mercenary hired to protect 
Lady Aeka on her journey," Washu said plainly.

"From space pirate to mercenary. Pretty much 
the same thing don't you think, Ryoko?" Ayeaka said 
out loud and on purpose just to get on Ryoko's nerves.

"Ah! Shut up!!!" Ryoko Replied in a nasty tone 
turning away from Ayeaka. 

"Uh ... Miss Washu, what's my part in all of this?" 
Kiyone asked wondering.

"Heh heh, Kiyone you will be a a serving girl to Lady 
Ayeaka," Washu said, laughing under her breath.

"WHAT!!!!!!!! NO WAY!!!! I REFUSE !!!!!!!" Kiyone 
yelled in defiance.

"Ohhh! Why not? Someone needs that job and all 
the other slots are filled," Washu responded, handing a 
somewhat worn dress to Kiyone.

"Okay... Mihoshi, You'd better appreciate this!"
Kiyone said reluctantly.

"All right, while everyone is changing I'll explain a 
bit of what I know about this dimension. First, there is
magic. So Ryoko and Ayeaka don't be afraid to use your 
power. Second, there are monsters like trolls, Dragons, 
and Minotaurs, so be careful. And lastly, be careful of
enchanted weapons. Tenchi your sword is enchanted.
The enchantment is the spell Fire Sword. Yell 'Fire! 
Attack' at your opponent, and you'll see a fire ball launch 
from the sword," Washu explained to everyone. "Okay, 
everyone ready, get on the interdemensional chamber 
platform. Oh! Tenchi here is a device that will let me bring 
you back when you have found Mihoshi, Okay, I'm hitting 
the transwarp switch," Washu hit the button then glittery 
blue swirls surround the group, then they disappeared.

More to come soon.

