Tenchi Muyo
No Need for Superheroes
Part 1
Disclaimer: I do not own any worlds or characters, besides the nurse and Oroton. 
The worlds and characters are owned by Pioneer (Tenchi things) and FUNimation 
(Dragonball Z). 
Continuity Note: This story takes place (Dragonball Z time) before "Dragonball 
Z: Blackmail" where Videl discovers Saiyaman's identity and (Tenchi time) a bit more 
than 7 years after "Tenchi 2: Daughter of Darkness". I am using an amalgam of the 3 
Tenchi series shown on Cartoon Network (Tenchi Muyo, Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi in 
Tokyo, American), as well as the first two movies (the third one was, in my opinion, a 
failure that tried to answer Tenchi's girl issue, but failed in backing it up, and will thus be 
ignored).



It was a quiet day at the Orange Star High School. It was one of those rare days 
when there weren't any major crises, resulting in both Gohan and Videl attending 
literature class.
"Now," the teacher instructed in her heavily accented speech, "you will quietly 
read zhe paragraph."
"Hey, Videl." Uresa whispered. "Isn't this when you and Gohan disappear 
together?"
"We do NOT do anything together!" Videl angrily responded.
"Miss Videl!" the teacher said. "Do you have something to share with us?"
"No, ma'am." Videl meekly answered.
"Good." The Teacher said, irritated. "Then-aaah!" she screamed as an explosion 
broke the far wall. Two men ran through the hole made, covered from head to foot in 
black and carrying large assault rifles. Two more men, identical in appearance to the first 
ones, ran in through the door. Finally, a fifth man came in through the hole, wearing a 
black version of Krillin's martial arts uniform. It was this man that spoke.
"I am Oroton." He boomed. "I have come here to fight you, Videl." He looked 
directly at Videl, his expression filled with hate.
"If you want to fight me, fine." Videl answered, standing up. "But we do it 
outside, where nobody else will get hurt."
"Agreed." Oroton nodded, then walked outside, followed shortly by Videl.
"Alright." Videl said when they were 50 meters from the school. "This is far 
enough." She assumed a fighting position. "Whenever you're ready."
Oroton straightened to his full height, standing well above Videl. "Begin."
Videl immediately charged, striking in a rapid flurry of blows that would have left 
most men unconscious and covered with bruises. To her dismay, however, he blocked 
every one. Damn. Videl thought to herself. There goes an easy victory. She unleashed 
another combination of attacks, which were again blocked. She brought her fist towards 
his stomach, then used her other hand for a face attack. This time she felt her hand hit his 
face, resulting in a satisfying *slap*. But her smile of success disappeared as she saw his 
unmarked face grinning back. This isn't good. Then he finally struck back.



Back inside, Gohan was trying to think of a way to disarm the men without 
revealing his abilities. What to do? He wondered, nervously tapping his foot. That's It! 
He thought triumphantly, thinking back to an earlier incident. He started tapping his foot 
harder and harder, until the entire building was shaking. As students and gunmen dove to 
the floor, he went into action. He quickly tackled the man nearest the hole, and they both 
fell to the ground outside, the gunman knocked out by the impact.
Gohan quickly rolled to the side, hitting the red button on his watch. Seconds 
later, Saiyaman flew into the classroom, quickly dispatching of the three remaining 
gunmen. "The immediate danger is over, citizens." He said in a "heroic" voice. "I would 
advise contacting the police. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have some business to take care 
of." With that, he flew back outside in search of Videl.
He quickly found her, too. She was on the ground, battered and bruised, with 
Oroton standing over her. "Now, Videl!" Oroton shouted. "Now you die!" He raised his 
arms above his head, preparing for a finishing blow.
"No!" Gohan shouted. A golden energy field surrounded his body as, under his 
helmet, his eyes turned green and his hair turned blond. He charged forward, covering the 
fifty meters in less than 5 seconds. Oroton looked up just in time to see Saiyaman before 
being rammed in the stomach and sent flying twenty meters. Videl looked up to see 
Saiyaman standing in front of her, his cape fluttering in a breeze that seemed to be 
emanating from him. "Nobody will die while I'm around!" he said with an angry tone 
that made him sound truly heroic.
"I don't need your help!" Videl said as she pushed herself up, wincing slightly in 
pain.
"Of course not." Saiyaman said as the breeze disappeared, smiling. "But what sort 
of hero would I be if I ignored a criminal like him?"
"A smart one." Oroton answered, rising to his feet. "I was just after Videl and her 
father, but now." he trailed off as he looked at Saiyaman. "Wait." He slowly said. "I 
recognize you. You're the boy who beat Cell."
It was all Gohan could do to remain standing. Oh no! He knows who I am! Gohan 
was readying a response, but Videl saved him the effort.
"Don't be ridiculous!" Videl said, laughing. "Everybody knows that my father 
defeated Cell."
"R-right!" Gohan agreed, glad for a well-known excuse and struggling not to 
laugh.
"Don't be na‹ve!" Oroton was now laughing. "Your father doesn't know one end 
of a fighting arena from another!"
"But Cell and those other people just used tricks!" Videl protested. "The news 
report-"
"The report?!?" Oroton asked, incredulous. "If you've actually watched that 
report, you should know that Hercule was and is a show-off, somebody who can't fight 
outside of a camera's sight! And someone as strong as you should know that a slip won't 
send you flying into a cliff face!"
"But nobody can shoot energy blasts from their hands!" Videl said, still devoted 
to her father.
"It's a shame you feel that way." Oroton said, his face taking on an expression of 
mock sadness. "Because I can!" With that, he fired two energy blasts, one at Saiyaman 
and one at Videl. Gohan dodged the one directed at him, then looked at Videl. She was 
lying on the ground next to a small crater, slightly more injured and in tattered clothing. 
He then suffered an uppercut that would have shattered most men's jaws. "Pay 
attention!" Oroton shouted as Saiyaman stumbled back.
That hurt! Gohan thought, regaining his balance. He then easily blocked a punch 
that would've shattered his helmet. At the same time, he threw on of his own at Oroton, 
but it was caught. He's very skilled. But now it's down to pure abilities. Gohan thought, 
smiling. And there I've got him beat.
Suddenly, Videl's arm wrapped around Oroton's neck. "Did you think I would go 
down that easily?!?" she asked, clearly angry. Oroton, however, couldn't draw enough air 
to answer, and soon was on the ground.
"Good job." Gohan said, relieved to see that Videl was all right.
"You, too." Videl answered, panting. "Now take that helmet off!" She made a 
lunge at Gohan, which he easily defended. Suddenly, Videl stiffened, and fell into 
Gohan's arms.
Behind her rose Oroton, breathing heavily, but otherwise fine. "Got her." He said 
triumphantly.
"Nooooo!" A golden field once again surrounded Gohan's body, and his cape was 
blown away by the accompanying wind. He charged forward, knocking Oroton up into 
the air. Oroton was just registering this when Gohan appeared above him, his face full of 
rage. Gohan slammed his fists into Oroton's back, sending him into the ground so hard 
that he created a gust of wind felt in the classroom. Gohan landed, gently lifted Videl, 
and flew back towards the school. He zoomed through the hole in the wall, out of the 
classroom, and down the hall to the nurse's office.
"Wh-Videl!" the nurse exclaimed upon seeing Saiyaman enter her office, carrying 
Videl. "What happened?"
"She tried to defeat a strong opponent, and was knocked out." Gohan said, laying 
Videl on the bed. "I defeated him, and flew her back here."
"F-flew?!?" the nurse asked, surprised.
"Yeah." Gohan answered. "Now, if you don't mind, I must be going."
"Of course." The nurse said. Gohan then flew back outside, changed back to his 
normal clothes, and ran into the classroom.
"Gohan!" the teacher shouted, clearly angry. "Vhere vwere you?!?"
"I tried attacking one of the gunmen when the earthquake struck." Gohan said 
hastily. "We fell out the hole, and he pinned me. Fortunately, Saiyaman flew by and 
saved me, or else I'd probably be dead." He ran past the teacher, towards the door. "He 
just flew Videl to the nurse's. May I go check on her?"
"Oh." The teacher said, surprised. "Vhat you did vas very brave, but very foolish. 
You should leave that stuff to the true heroes. Now, go check on Videl. But hurry back to 
tell us how she's doing!" she shouted after him as he ran out the door.
Gohan got to the nurse's office just as Videl woke up. "Videl!" he exclaimed as 
he saw her sitting up. "Are you okay?"
"Of course." Videl answered confidently. But when she tried to stand up, she fell 
into Gohan's arms. "Aargh!"
"What's wrong?" Gohan asked, holding her up.
"I don't need your help!" Videl shouted, pushing away from him. But when she 
took another step, her leg gave out again, and she started falling. Fortunately, she was 
caught once again by Gohan.
"Please, Videl." Gohan asked, his eyes full of genuine concern. "I couldn't take 
out a gunman. Let me at least help in this way."
"Y-you tried to take out a gunman?" Videl asked in surprise, relaxing some.
"Yeah." Gohan answered sheepishly. "And I failed. Guess I should leave the 
heroics to you, huh?"
"I know how to fight these people. But nobody can do everything." She looked up 
at Gohan, then bowed her head. "Alright. I accept your help."
"Good." The nurse said. "I don't have the resources here to find out what's wrong 
with your leg, so you'll have to go to the hospital. An ambulance should arrive outside 
shortly." She then looked to Gohan. "Gohan, I need you to help her there."
"Right." Gohan said, nodding. "You can count on me." Gohan carefully put his 
arm around her waist as she put her arm over his neck, and together they started walking 
towards the front of the school.
As they were leaving the nurse's office, the far wall suddenly exploded. Not 
again! Gohan thought to himself, trying to think of a way to transform without letting 
Videl know who he was. One of the gunmen was standing in the hole, rifle pointed at 
Videl. "Got you." He said confidently, his mask shifting in what could only have been a 
smile.
As the gunman pulled the trigger, Gohan, still holding Videl, dived behind the 
bed, the bullet cutting through his left sleeve, barely missing his arm. He let go of Videl 
and jumped over the bed, tackling. Using the rifle, Gohan pinned him to the floor, and 
didn't see him reach into a pouch on his belt. "Nice move, Mr. Hero." The gunman said, 
still smiling. "But how will you handle this?" He held up a black circular device, and 
slammed it to the floor. "Ten seconds." There was a beep, and a display was visible on 
the device, reading 0:00:10. There was a second beep, and it changed to 0:00:09. Another 
beep, and it read eight.
"Run!" Gohan shouted as he stood up. *Beep* The nurse stood and ran out the 
door. *Beep* Videl pulled herself to her feet, and started limping towards the door. 
*Beep* Videl fell to the floor, her leg unable to support her weight. *Beep* Gohan knelt 
down, and lifted Videl into his arms. *Beep* Carrying Videl, he ran out the door and 
down the hall. *Beep* Videl clutched to Gohan to keep her balance. *Beep* Gohan 
remembered that he would have to pretend to be flung by the explosion. *Beep*
The walls exploded behind him, engulfing that entire area in flame. Gohan felt the 
heat approaching, knew he wasn't a safe distance away, and hoped that Videl would think 
the explosion had pushed him as he started flying down the hall. As the fire stopped 
moving forward, he pretended to fall, his back slamming into the floor, shielding Videl 
from any impact. Gohan stood and ran outside, still carrying Videl, who was looking at 
him with a surprised expression. He gently lowered Videl onto the grassy field. "Videl?" 
he asked, breathing heavily. "You okay?"
"Yeah." she answered, looking back at the burning school.
Gohan heaved a sigh of relieve, then stood up. "I'll be right back." He told Videl. 
"I'm going to call the fire department." Gohan ran off and, once around the corner, 
transformed again into Saiyaman. He quickly flew above the center of the fire, closed his 
eyes, and started spinning. Increasing his speed, he started to create a vortex, sucking 
away the oxygen, and with it the fire. When the fire had been extinguished, he landed by 
Videl, dizzy and in a burnt suit. "Are you alright, Videl?" he asked, doing his best to 
sound "heroic" while trying to rid himself of his dizziness.
"Yes." She answered wearily. "Especially now!" In a burst of energy, she lunged 
forward and grabbed his helmet. "Ha!" she exclaimed in triumph as she pulled it off.
No choice. Gohan thought regretfully. "Solar flare!" There was a bright flash that 
left Videl unable to see anything. Saiyaman lifted his helmet and put it back on. "I'm 
sorry, Videl, but I can't reveal my identity to you." He said regretfully. "I hope there are 
no hard feelings." With that, he flew off.
A short time later, Gohan ran back. "Videl!" he shouted, hearing a string of curses 
that would put Vegeta to shame. "What happened? Are you alright?"
"I'll kill him!" Videl shouted, enraged.
"Who?" Gohan asked, though he knew the answer.
"Saiyaman!" Videl answered, blinking as her eyesight started to return. "He 
blinded me, then just flew off!"
"Calm down." Gohan said. When Videl continued ranting, he tried again. 
"Videl!" he shouted, grabbing her by her shoulders. "You can worry about revenge later! 
Now, are you alright?"
"Y-yeah." She answered, shocked at Gohan's outburst. And it could have been a 
problem with her vision, but she thought she saw a very deep concern in Gohan's eyes, as 
well as guilt. Why would he feel guilty? She asked herself. Unless. It was then that 
rescue vehicles pulled up, and Videl was taken away.



The next day, Videl was back in school, the only evidence of her injuries a slight 
limp. The classroom had a temporary wall covering the hole, and the nurse's office was 
now in a CapsuleCorp. Field Hospital. She was starting home when she saw Gohan 
walking from school. "Hey, Gohan!" she shouted, hurrying towards him. "Wait up!"
Gohan turned around and ran back to Videl. "Yeah, Videl?" he asked nervously. 
What's going on? He asked himself. She doesn't usually chase after me. Well, not Gohan, 
anyways. "What can I do for you?"
"I never got to thank you yesterday." She answered. "I also wanted to apologize. 
You saved my life twice yesterday. And I repaid you by yelling at you, and rejecting your 
offers of assistance." She sighed, sitting down on a bench. Gohan sat down next to her. 
He tried to say something, but Videl continued. "I guess I'm not used to having other 
people save my life, and didn't know how to handle it. I mean," she said, looking up at 
him, "You're not even a so-called hero, and you still risked your life to save mine. I hope 
you can accept my thanks, along with this apology."
"Videl." Gohan started, not sure of what to say. "You save people's lives 
everyday. You have done more to help the people here than practically anybody else. It's 
about time somebody returned the favor." He looked down into her beautiful eyes, and 
thought he saw caring reflected back. "And, about me not being a superhero." He went 
on. "What sort of person would I be if I left my best friend to die?"
They sat looking at each other for a long time. Then Videl broke the silence. "You 
really think of me as your best friend?" she asked, blushing slightly.
"Of course." Gohan answered without hesitation.
"Thanks." Videl said, smiling. "By the way, you were pretty strong back there."
"Yeah, well." Gohan said, nervously putting his hand behind his head. "I guess 
people can do amazing things when they have to." He then looked down at his watch. 
"I'm sorry, but I have to head home now." He stood, and started back along his way. 
"See you tomorrow."
"Bye, Gohan." Videl stared after Gohan, a warm feeling in her chest. She then 
pushed herself to her feet, and started home.



Above the bench, a figure watched them leave. She had been watching them for a 
while, and was glad that she hadn't needed to fight Oroton. She didn't want to distract 
Gohan from Videl, whom he clearly had a crush on. She gave a fond smile, thinking back 
to before Cell had been destroyed, then turned and flew off.


IT"S DONE!
This is my first fanfic, and it's finally done! With that in mind, I expect lots of 
criticism, which may or may not be taken into account in future fics. Please send any 
helpful comments to me at mhayes@maine.rr.com
