Vincent Perry (ivperry@starpower.net)
Crossover
Tenchi Muyo: "No Need for Bounty Hunters"
Tenchi and company try to save Gene and Ryoko from a notorious bounty 
hunter. A Tenchi/Outlaw Star X-over with a touch of Star Wars. 





	Our story begins in Japan where the boy named Tenchi Masaki is at 
home doing daily chores. But, he's not alone. Ryoko and Ayeka are 
helping him as well. Sasami is cleaning the kitchen up so that it can 
be spotless. Tenchi and the gang were missing four other members. Washu 
was with Dennis, the HellSpawn, as she is on her honeymoon trip with 
Dennis since they were married months ago. Kiyone and Mihoshi were in 
their patrol ship patrolling the system for any speeders or any unusual 
events that may happen in space. Kiyone looks on from her position 
while Mihoshi was sitting behind her watching her favorite T.V. show.

Kiyone: Must you watch that now while we are on duty, Mihoshi?!

Mihoshi: I can't help it! This show is the best show there is. You 
can't turn it off and not watch it.

Kiyone: Try it once! It might be interesting!

Mihoshi: I don't see what's the problem. You have to admit that there 
isn't any activity that is happening near us.

Kiyone: Yeah, you're right. But, we can't let anything get past us. If 
we do, it will cost us our jobs and our positions! 

Mihoshi: I wouldn't worry about that. They will think that it's an 
accident that we let some meteor go past us.

Kiyone:(thinking angrily) The only accident I know is for you to be my 
partner!!!

	Then, a blipping noise comes up in the ship.

Kiyone: What the?!

Mihoshi: What's that, Kiyone?

Kiyone: The long range sensors are picking up something. I have to see 
what it is.

	Kiyone tries to get the picture of what the sensors picked up. 
She got it up the best way she can and both girls try to figure out 
what it is.

Mihoshi: What is it?

Kiyone: Don't know. From our current position, we won't get near it to 
stop it from doing whatever it plans on doing.

Mihoshi: Where is it heading?

Kiyone: Hmm.(gasped) It's heading straight for Earth!!

Mihoshi: Oh, no!!! What are we going to do, Kiyone?! What are we going 
to do?!?!

Kiyone: First of all, don't panic!!! We're Galaxy Police officers! We 
have to do something to prevent a whole lot of damage!

Mihoshi: The rule book of the Galaxy Police never mentioned this!!!

Kiyone: You probably skipped the page while sleeping.

	Kiyone was trying to figure out the projectory of where the 
unindentified object is heading towards Earth. Soon, she had it.

Kiyone: Oh, great!!

Mihoshi: What is it, Kiyone?!

Kiyone: Whatever this thing is, it's heading straight towards Japan! 

Mihoshi: What?!?! Is it going to hit Tenchi and the rest?!?!

Kiyone: I hope not! But, we have to get to this object before it 
reaches the Earth's atmosphere! Hang on, Mihoshi! I'm going in!

	Kiyone turned on the power to maximum as she heads for the object 
that we still heading towards Earth. The engines were overheating, but 
Kiyone didn't care as she was trying to get to the object before she 
misses it. 

Mihoshi: Kiyone, slow down!! The ship will exploded for sure if you 
keep this up!!

Kiyone: I can't!! We have to reach that object!!

Mihoshi: But, how can we if we break apart?!

Kiyone:(growls) Alright. 

	Kiyone pulled back the thrusters and the engines were going back 
to normal slowly. Kiyone and Mihoshi were watching the object enter the 
Earth's atmosphere.

Kiyone: Get me a direct line to Tenchi's house, Mihoshi!

Mihoshi: Right!

	Back at the Tenchi household, it was still a pretty much busy day 
with every chore still keeping everyone on their toes. But, down deep 
in the unused lab of Washu, a ringing sound was coming from the main 
computer. No doubt it was Kiyone trying to reach Tenchi to tell him of 
the events to come. No one heard the ringing as they run and walk pass 
the door to Washu's lab. All except Ryo-Ohki as she jumps from the 
table and heads for the door. She places her ear onto the door and 
hears the ringing coming from downstairs. She goes through the door and 
heads down to the bottom of the lab. She heads for the computer and 
sees the lights lighting up. She races back upstairs and heads for the 
kitchen to get someone. She finds Sasami still in the kitchen cleaning.

Sasami: Huh? What is it, Ryo-Ohki?

	Ryo-Ohki was pointing to outside of the kitchen.

Sasami: What's wrong? You hear something?

	Ryo-Ohki signaled Sasami to follow her. Sasami did as they both 
went out of the kitchen and Ryo-Ohki went to Washu's door.

Sasami: We can't go down there. Washu would kill us.

	Ryo-Ohki signaled to come on and went through the door. Sasami 
went after her as she heads downstairs to Washu's lab. She made it to 
the bottom to find Ryo-Ohki near the computer which was still ringing.

Sasami; What's this? 

	Sasami didn't know what to do since she wasn't a computer wiz 
like Washu. So, the pressed the red button and on the screen was 
Kiyone.

Kiyone: Sasami?

Sasami: Kiyone? What are you doing?

Kiyone: Nevermind that. Where are the others?

Sasami: Still cleaning, I guess.

Kiyone: Well, get everyone together because there is something heading 
towards Japan and I don't know what it is.

Sasami: Towards Japan?! How big is it?!

Kiyone: We weren't close enough to see. But, if you see it, make sure 
you stay far away from it. It will be entering the Earth in two 
minutes. Hurry!

Sasami: Right!

	Sasami turned off the screen and hurries off to tell the rest of 
Kiyone's message. She heads outside where Tenchi was sweeping the 
pathway to the house.

Sasami: Tenchi! Tenchi!

Tenchi: Huh? What's the matter, Sasami?

Sasami: I got a message from Kiyone from Washu's lab! She says that 
something is heading towards Earth and is entering near Japan!

Tenchi: Did she say where?

Sasami: Not exactly.

Tenchi: Great. Listen, go find your sister and Ryoko and bring them 
here. I'll stay here and look for it from here, okay?

Sasami: Okay. I'm off.

	Sasami went on to find Ayeka and Ryoko while Tenchi looks on in 
the sky to find anything unusual that Kiyone was talking about. Minutes 
later, Ayeka, with Azaka and Kamadake, and Ryoko arrived where Tenchi 
is and was told of the situation.

Ryoko: What's going on? 

Tenchi: Something is heading towards Japan and I don't know if it's 
coming near us or not.

Ayeka: And Kiyone reported this from outer space?

Sasami: Yep. I saw her on the screen in Washu's lab.

Ryoko: I don't see anything life threatening in the sky.

Ayeka: I know a better way. Azaka, Kamadake! Begin full sky scanning!

Azaka and Kamadake: Yes, ma'am!

	Azaka and Kamadake began their own scanning to see if there is 
anything in the sky. Suddenly,....

Azaka: Miss Ayeka, I'm picking up something on the long range scanners!

Ayeka: What is it?

Azaka: Too hard to describe from here. 

Ryoko: Great. Now what do we do?

Tenchi: Frankly, we don't know what this thing is, but we can't assume 
that it's friendly. So, we have to prepare ourselves for anything that 
comes near us.

Ayeka: Nicely put, Lord Tenchi.

Sasami: Ayeka, look!!

Ayeka: Huh?!

	Ayeka was looking at what Sasami was pointing at and it was 
definitely the unknown object from space. It was coming down fast as it 
was heading towards the forest. Everyone rallied to get back into the 
house so that they won't get hit from the blast if this thing crashes 
and blows up. Once the fire around the object disappeared, it head 
straight for the forest and was crashing through it knocking everything 
down in its path. It wasn't stopping as it was about to come across the 
lake in front of Tenchi's home. It made a big splash and was slowing 
down as it hit the edge of the lake. Everyone was surprised to see how 
close they were if they stood outside a little longer. They didn't know 
what to do next, but Tenchi had to find out what it is.

Tenchi: I'm going out there.

Ryoko: Huh? Are you crazy?!

Ayeka: It's way too dangerous! 

Tenchi: Don't worry. If anything happens, I'm sure you two would be 
ready to help me.

Ryoko: You can count on me to help, Tenchi.

Ayeka: Same here.

	Tenchi exited out of the house from the back door and headed near 
the crashed object. After the smoke cleared, it was now clear to see 
the the object wasn't a meteor or an asteroid. It was a big, shiny, red 
colored spaceship. Nothing that Tenchi never seen before as he steps 
closer to the nose of the ship.

Tenchi: My gosh. A spaceship landing near my house. How weird can you 
get?

Ayeka: Do you suppose that someone maybe in it?

Tenchi: There's only one way of finding out. Kamadake, scan for life 
forms.

Kamadake: Yes, sir.

	Kamadake used his life scanner to see if there is life on this 
spaceship.

Kamadake: According to my scanners, there is about five life forms 
aboard that ship.

Ryoko: Alive?

Kamadake: They are alive, but from what I sensed, they seemed to be 
knocked out.

Ayeka: How did they get knocked out?

Sasami: Ayeka, come here. I think I may found out how.

	They went over to see Sasami pointing at a damaged part of the 
ship.

Ryoko: Looks like this ship was under attack. From the blast it took, 
it might be possible that it would knock the crew on the ship out.

Ayeka: What should we do? Do we find out what these crew members are?

Sasami: Would that be dangerous, sis?

Tenchi: I have to agree with Sasami on that one, but I can't turn down 
on someone who is injured and needs help.

Ryoko: That is the type of person you are, Tenchi.

Tenchi: I know. We have to get inside and help those people.

Kiyone: Out of the question, Tenchi.

	Behind the gang were Kiyone and Mihoshi.

Tenchi: Kiyone, when did you get here?

Kiyone: Two minutes ago. I had to race over here to see if the object 
has landed near you. Apparently, it has.

Mihoshi: And then some.

Tenchi: What do you propose that we should do, Kiyone?

Kiyone: We can't let something like this enter the Earth. Who knows 
what might be in there! For all we know, it could be rampaging aliens 
that are on their way here to destroy Earth!

Mihoshi: Or it could be a red-headed man trying to exit out of his 
ship?

Kiyone: Huh? Mihoshi, what are you talking about?!

Mihoshi: There.

	Everyone was looking at what Mihoshi was talking about and there 
was a man exiting out of the side door of the ship. Everyone got scared 
and screamed because they didn't know what it was. The man slipped 
while trying to get out.

Man: Who's there?

Tenchi: Um,...we are the ones asking the questions around here, person? 
Who are you?

	The man jumps off and lands in front of the gang. Kiyone and 
Mihoshi draw out their guns.

Kiyone: Hands up!!

Man: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! There has to be some mistake. I didn't do 
anything.

Kiyone: Oh, yeah? Did you fly this piece of junk?

Man: I do fly this ship of mine and I assure you that it isn't a piece 
of junk! It saved my life a couple of times.

Tenchi: Yes, but did you fly your ship towards Earth?

Man: No. My ship was attacked while we were traveling in space. The 
attack shook the ship up causing everyone on board to lose 
consciousness. The ship must've been rerouted to here.

Mihoshi: I guess that would explain this.

Kiyone: We can't believe him. He's probably making this up so that he 
won't be arrested.

Man: I'm not the type of guy to lie, ma'am.

Don't believe him on that one, folks!

	Another person came out of the ship and it appears to be a boy 
who is about the same height as Sasami.

Boy: Gene has been known to lie to women!

Gene: Jim, this is not the time to joke around.

Jim: Couldn't help it. Saw you on screen talking yourself out of a jam. 
Figures you need me to help you.

Gene: Don't worry. I got everything under control.

Ryoko: Listen, I'm not going to stand around here while this little 
scene continues on! You landed near my Tenchi's home and we would 
appreciate it if you pack up and leave!

Jim: Gosh! This woman got spunk!

Gene: You ain't kidding.

Tenchi: I would rather talk about what happened to your ship and your 
crew. What's your name again?

Gene: Gene Starwind and I'm the captain of the Outlaw Star.

Jim: And I'm Jim Hawking. I'm Gene's right-hand man on the ship.

Ayeka: We scanned five life forms on the ship.

Gene: That's right. Jim, get the others up.

Jim: Right.

	Jim heads back inside the ship.

Gene: Do you have time to get us back together, Mr....?

Tenchi: Tenchi Masaki. You can just call me Tenchi.

Gene: Glad to meet you, Tenchi.

Tenchi: Ayeka, I need all the medicine for wounds and such.

Ayeka: Right.

Tenchi: Sasami, go cook up something that the crew can regain their 
strength.

Sasami: Okay.

Kiyone: Are you sure you want to do this, Tenchi?

Tenchi: Trust me, Kiyone. I wouldn't be right turning down people who 
needs help. 

Kiyone:(sighs) Well, I guess you're right. But, I'll be watching them 
just in case.

Tenchi: That's fine. Would you help Sasami in the kitchen, Kiyone?

Kiyone: Yeah. Mihoshi, come along.

Mihoshi: Oh, goody! I get to get my favorite dish cooked up.

Tenchi: Ryoko, I wonder if you can help out.

Ryoko: Do I have to?

Tenchi: Come on, Ryoko. They may have crashed landed her, but I believe 
they didn't do it on purpose. Something attacked them and I probably 
would want to help them. 

Ryoko:(slight chuckle) You know, when you talk like that, it's amazing 
that I'm still here by your side every step of the way.

Tenchi:(gulps) Well, that's....nice to know. Gene, when you get your 
crew together, come on in.

Gene: Thanks.

	Tenchi and everyone else headed back inside the house to get 
ready to treat the crew of the Outlaw Star. Minutes later, the door 
opens and Gene with his crew enters Tenchi's household. Tenchi was 
standing by the stairs waiting for him.

Tenchi: Welcome, Gene. 

Gene: Hey, Tenchi. Where's everyone else?

Tenchi: Follow me.

	Tenchi lead the way with Gene and company as they enter the 
living room. The girls was there waiting and saw Tenchi come in with 
Gene and his crew.

Tenchi: Gene, I like to introduce to you to the girls. This is Ayeka, 
Princess of Jurai.

Ayeka: Nice to meet you all.

Tenchi: And her sister, Sasami.

Sasami:(cheerfully) Wait till you try my food! You'll love it!

Tenchi: Kiyone and Mihoshi here are Galaxy Police officers.

Mihoshi: This is going to be a great party, huh?

Kiyone:(sighs) Sure. A real blast.

Tenchi: And lastly, Ryoko, the space pirate.

Woman: Space pirate?

Ryoko: That's right. What's it to ya?

Woman: I recall hearing a notorious space pirate who enjoys destruction 
and mayhem. 

Ryoko: Well, that's me. 

Woman: I'm surprised that you choose to hide here where no one would 
ever think of finding you.

Ryoko: I didn't choose to be here. I decided to be here. Besides, my 
heart belongs to Tenchi.

Tenchi: It's true. Even though it's somehow difficult to explain.

Gene: I think that would be best at the time. 

Tenchi: There are two other people that you should meet, but they 
aren't here at the time.

Gene: Where are they?

Mihoshi: They are on a honeymoon!

Jim: A honeymoon?!

Gene: When are they due back?

Ryoko: It depends on them, to tell you the truth. But, we can contact 
them if its an emergency. 

Tenchi: Although, calling them now for this wouldn't count as an a 
emergency.

Gene:(clears throat) Well, since you introduce the girls, allow me to 
introduce my crew of the Outlaw Star. You already met Jim Hawking.

Jim: Hiya.

Gene: Melfina here is the navigator of the Outlaw Star.

Melfina: Hello, everyone.

Gene: This fussy feline is Aisha Clan-Clan of the Ctral-Ctarl Empire.

Aisha: Fussy? You got some nerve, Gene!

Gene: And this beauty here is Suzuka, an assassin.

Ryoko: An assassin? Well, no wonder you heard my name alot. You're just 
a hired assassin and from what I hear, assassins are alot more 
dangerous than any space pirates.

Suzuka: That might be true considering that all the pirates I know are 
brainless buffoons who only get pleasure by stealing jewelry.

Ryoko: What?!?! How dare you say that to me?! You calling me 
brainless?!

	Ryoko went to attack Suzuka, but Kiyone and Mihoshi restrained 
her for the time being.

Gene: You're right, Jim. She definitely has alot of spunk.

Tenchi:(slight chuckle) You'll have to excuse Ryoko, Gene. She's always 
angry like this when things come at a different way and all.

Gene: No problem, Tenchi. I'm sure that we'll get along just fine.

Ayeka: Chances of that happening is slim, Gene.

	After everything settled down, Tenchi had dinner set up as Gene 
and the others joined Tenchi and company for a splendid meal.

Jim: This is awesome, Sasami! You cook like just like Melfina does when 
she cooks.

Sasami: If you like, I can give the recipes to Melfina so that you can 
enjoy them on your ship.

Jim: For real? Thanks.

Melfina: You are definitely gifted to cooking, Sasami.

Sasami: I know. I guess it's in my blood or something.

Melfina: Whatever it is, don't stop doing it.

Ayeka: So, tell me, Gene. What was it that attacked your ship in space?

Gene:(sighs) It's kind of faint at the moment. But, all I know is that 
we were ambushed by one single ship and this was a ship that I have 
never seen before. 

Jim: Not only that, but it damaged the Outlaw Star and our ship 
couldn't handle damages the way it was taking those attacks from this 
mysterious ship that tailed us.

Tenchi: Were you on a planet before you left space or something?

Gene: Hmm. I believe we were on a planet called....

Jim: Levarus III.

Gene: Right. Levarus III and we were there to pick up some supplies and 
parts for our ship. 

Ayeka: Did you get into a fight with someone?

Jim: Don't think so. Gene would be doing that when he's drunk.

Aisha: And he's been known to do that. In fact, if he did, he would be 
the only one standing.

Gene: I love drinking, but the stuff gets you real hard, if you get my 
drift.

Ryoko: I know the feeling.

Gene: After we gotten what we need, we left.

Tenchi: And you don't remember anything between the time you left the 
planet and crashing here?

Jim: That's about it.

Kiyone: What about your ship? Do you think it may have caught a picture  
of the ship that attacked you?

Jim: It might be possible. But, the damages that ship has, I wonder if 
we have the power to run it.

Tenchi: We can help you fix your ship anyway possible.

Gene: I welcome the offer, but we don't want to trouble you all.

Ayeka: Nonsense! As Princess of Jurai, I will do whatever necessary to 
aide you all back to health and return to space in one piece!

Ryoko: Great. Leave it to a princess to do a man's job.

Ayeka: And what does that supposed to mean?!

Ryoko: What I mean is that when you say "I", you mean "you guys"! You 
on the other hand would be relaxing on a lawn chair sipping tea!!

Ayeka: If that isn't the stupidest, most idiotic response I've ever 
heard coming from you!!!

Ryoko: Well, you know it's true!!!

Tenchi: Uh,...girls. We have company, don't forget.

Gene: No, no. Don't worry. I'm enjoying this.

Aisha: You would.

What's going on, here?!?!

	Everyone stopped to see at the doorway Washu in a Hawaii outfit 
with Dennis in sunglasses and a surfboard in hand.

Washu: Alright! What's the emergency?

Tenchi: Washu? What are you doing back?

Washu: You tell me. We were in Hawaii enjoying the sun when I get a 
call from here indicating that there is trouble. I got Dennis off his 
surfboard and he telported us back here.

Ryoko: Well, we didn't do anything. Besides, we were up here talking 
with our guests. None of us ever left the table.

Washu: Somebody did!

	Just then, Ryo-Ohki was whistling past Washu trying to be not 
noticeable.

Dennis: I believe we may found our "somebody".

Ayeka: Ryo-Ohki? She couldn't set off the alarm.

Washu: If I know Ryo-Ohki, and I do, then she would contacted us if 
there was anything that you guys couldn't handle without me. Is that 
right?

	Ryo-Ohki was trying to stay calm, but tears began to come up and 
finally shook her head.

Dennis: Since that is taken cared of, I guess we can go back on our 
honeymoon.

Tenchi: Wait! We have guests here. Do you want to meet them?

Washu:(sighs) Alright. 

	Soon, Washu and Dennis met Gene Starwind and his crew. Minutes 
later, the ordeal that Gene and the others are in has been explained to 
the both of them.

Washu: It seems like you are stuck here. I have to check your ship so I 
would know how to fix it.

Gene: Jim, what do you say?

Jim: I'll be glad to show Washu around the ship.

Dennis: Correction, Jim. That's little Washu.

Jim: Huh?

Gene: Little Washu? 

Dennis: Trust me. If you want Washu's advice and help, you better start 
calling her that.

Washu:(smiles and giggles) You tell them, dear.

Ryoko:(sighs) This is going to get very interesting.

	After everything has been explained, Tenchi and the rest have 
decided to help Gene and the crew of Outlaw Star get back on track and 
back into space. Later on, Jim lead Washu to the ship so that he can 
show her what needs to be fixed and straighten out.

Washu: Has the power to the ship been totally depleted?

Jim: Not exactly. Gilliam would know how to keep some power left over.

Washu: Who's Gilliam?

Gilliam: I am.

	A small cylinder like device hovers over the two.

Jim: Hey, Gilliam. Meet, little Washu.

Gilliam: Little Washu?

Jim: Trust me. It would be better off not knowing.

Gilliam: If you say so. What is it that you need?

Washu: Jim told me that you may have some power left since your attack. 
Is that true?

Gilliam: We have approximately 25% power left in the engines.

Washu: Hmm. Can you reroute the power so that it can explain to us how 
did the ship got attacked?

Gilliam: I will try. 

Jim: While he does that, let me take you to the bridge.

	Jim lead Washu to the place where he and Gene are at all times 
while flying the ship.

Washu: Amazing technology. It's no wonder that this ship is in its best 
shape.

Jim: Gene and I always try to keep the ship in tip-top shape. If we 
don't keep things together, everything would fall apart.

Washu: Where would we see this video image of what happened to you all 
in space?

Jim: Oh. Right here.

Gilliam: Jim, I have gotten the power that you need.

Jim: Okay. Channel it to the vid screen so that we can find some 
explanation about our incident?

Gilliam: Right away.

	In seconds, the power that was left was sent to the screen.

Gilliam: Diversion of power has been completed.

Jim: Thanks, Gilliam. Okay, let me see if I can bring up the files from 
our camera ports. It should keep some record of anything that happens 
in space.

	Jim types in some commands trying to bring up any file or files 
that may explain what went wrong in space that left their ship damaged. 
It took some time to reach the files and bring them forward. 

Jim: Okay. I got the image up and I'm setting the time on which we left 
the planet and landing on here on Earth.

	The screen was showing what the camera ports on the ship were 
showing. So far, it was showing what has been going on as usual for the 
Outlaw Star. They left the planet after they gotten their supplies and 
were about to head on out. Once they were clear, the ship was shaking 
abit as blasts attacks went past the ship.

Washu: What was that?!

Jim: I believe it was some laser attacks that were fired upon us.

Washu: But, from what?

Jim: It should be coming up right now.

	The screen was still going as it shows an attack hitting the ship 
right near the camera ports. Jim switches to the back view where it 
shows the back of the ship. As Jim and Washu looks on, something 
appeared on screen. It appears to be a ship that has a distinctive 
shape and it was firing at the Outlaw Star.

Washu: Is that it?

Jim: It has to be. That ship looks powerful enough to give us damages 
beyond damages.

	It showed the mysterious ship firing a missile which probably 
delivered the final blow to the Outlaw Star causing it to go to another 
part of the galaxy with the crew knocked out from the blows it was 
taking. The cameras went off indicating that it was done recording 
anything after that.

Washu: So, now we know what attacked you and probably sent your ship 
hurdling towards our universe and towards Earth. 

Jim: But, who was flying that ship and why was it attacking us?

Washu: No idea. Can you download that recording and put it on disk?

Jim: I can. Why?

Washu: Perhaps I can find a way to look for any information that has 
that ship in its databanks. It might be possible we could find out what 
it is and who drives it.

Jim: Good idea. It might be the only thing that we can do besides 
fixing the ship.

Washu: Don't worry about that. We will help you in anyway we can.

	After Jim downloaded the data to Washu, they both headed back to 
Tenchi's household and explain to the rest what they saw from the 
camera ports. Minutes later, they told them everything that they can 
remember.

Gene: A ship attacked us?! 

Jim: It looks that way, Gene.

Tenchi: Did you bother anyone on the planet that you were last on?

Gene: Not that I know of. 

Suzuka: We need to get the ship repaired and operational. If this ship 
that attacked us tracks us here, the person won't hesitate to finish 
the job.

Jim: That would seem like a nice idea, Susuka. But, the damages on the 
ship would take weeks to fix up.

Washu: I might have some parts that may keep that ship together until 
you reach a planet with the right parts.

Tenchi: Do you think that is wise?

Gene: Of course, it is. Why would you say that?

Ryoko: You don't know Washu's parts, Gene. Those parts can be only be 
made to take over the universe one of these days.

Washu:(slight chuckle) That's not true. I'm not that mad.

Ryoko: You should've seen her when she tried to fix the toaster. It was 
so messed up afterwards that we....

	Before Ryoko could finish, Washu conked Ryoko in the back of the 
head with her fist and Ryoko's face was in the bowl of rice.

Washu:(upset and vein on forehead throbbing) Kids these days can't keep 
their mouths shut!!!

Ayeka: I saw that one coming a mile away.

Melfina: Do you really have parts that can help us, Tenchi?

Tenchi: Maybe. But, we would do anything possible to get that ship in 
working order.

Gene: Thanks, Tenchi. Hopefully, after all of this is over, I have to 
repay you back.

Tenchi: That's not necessary. We are just glad to help.

Dennis: Anyway, It's nightfall everyone and we need rest before working 
on Gene's ship.

Sasami: Where would you be sleeping, Gene?

Gene: My crew has sleeping quarters on the ship. We will be alright 
from there.

Kiyone: Are you sure? What if the person who attacked you shows up 
tonight?

Dennis: I'll stay up and watch over them for the night.

Washu: You need rest, Dennis. Remember, the teleportation took some out 
of you.

Dennis: Right. I'll head up once Gene and the rest make it to their 
ship in one piece.

Washu: Okay.

Aisha: One question before we go. What teleportation?

Washu: That's one of Dennis's powers.

Jim: What type of power does he have?

Washu: Show them, dear.

	Dennis stood back as he concentrated on releasing black spikes 
and making them coming out of his body. Then, he have them ravel 
himself in them as it was covering his body entirely. His red cape 
appeared and was finally done his transformation.

Washu: This, my friends, is a HellSpawn.

Jim: Uh,....

Gene: Great trick.

Aisha: Well, it does come in handy, does it?

Dennis: It has its limits, but it definitely something to have.

	Once that was cleared up, everyone planned on going to bed. Gene 
and the crew headed for the ship to sleep in their bunkers. Tenchi and 
the rest headed for bed as Dennis watches over the ship before he heads 
in for the night as well. Morning came and things was starting off at 
their usual time. Sasami was cooking breakfast as Dennis was the first 
one to wake up to Sasami's cooking.

Dennis: I tell you what, Sasami. You know how to cook up a storm first 
thing in the morning.

Sasami:(giggles) What can I say? It's a habit.

Dennis: If you like, I can go wake up Gene and the others.

Sasami: No, not yet. Breakfast won't be ready for another 10 minutes.

Dennis: That should be long enough for everyone to get up anyway.

Sasami: By the way, Dennis. How was the honeymoon?

Dennis: Oh. Well,....it was cut short, as you already know. But, it was 
going great for both of us. We saw so many sites that I know she would 
love. Of course, I've been at those sites before when I was traveling 
earlier in my life. But, going back there with the woman that I 
married, it was worth every minute of it.

Sasami: Did you bring back any gifts?

Dennis:(confused) Gifts? Uh, I wasn't thinking about gifts considering 
that our love was the greatest gift of all.

Sasami: That might be true. 

Dennis: Listen, I'll be right back. I'm going to check out this Outlaw 
Star and see it for myself. 

Sasami: But, what about Gene? 

Dennis: If he is up, he wouldn't mind a little company.

	Dennis headed out with his clothes on and went to the ship. He 
looks it over and was amazed by its magnificence. He wonders how Gene 
came across this wonderful spaceship. He sees the door entrance open 
and heads inside the ship to look at the insides of the ship. He was 
going through hallway after hallway until he came across the bridge of 
the Outlaw Star. He looks at the controls where Gene sits and sees the 
many controls that makes this ship work. As he continues to look it 
over, a shadowy figure was sneaking up on Dennis. Dennis didn't know it 
until he senses it with his power. He makes no movement until he did as 
he quickly let his HellSpawn chain loose to knock something out the 
person's hand. He uses the chain to wrap the person and bring it forth 
to him. Next thing he saw was non other than Gene Starwind.

Dennis: Gene! Oh, I'm sorry. 

	He releases him and Gene falls to his knees.

Gene: Why are you in here?

Dennis: I was intrigued by your ship and I wanted to look at it.

Gene: Couldn't you do that outside?

Dennis: Well, I wanted to fully look over your ship both outside and 
inside. 

Gene: I have to admit. This ship is something else.

Dennis: Was this ship ever yours in the beginning?

Gene: To be honest, it wasn't.

Dennis: Huh?

	Gene gets off the floor.

Gene: To tell you the truth, I was afraid of outer space. Ever since my 
father died, I didn't want to ever leave my home planet for any reason. 
That stayed true until a woman named Hilda came by and offered me and 
Jim something we couldn't turn down. She took us to this ship and the 
next thing I knew was that she trusted me with this ship and I 
conquered my fear.

Dennis: Now, you can't bear to leave it out of your site.

Gene: You could say that.

Dennis: I hope that you can return to space and have more adventures 
with it.

Gene: Thanks, Dennis. A weird way to start off the morning, but thanks.

	As both of them look at each other and smiled, Jim comes in with 
his tanktop on and his boxers.

Jim:(yawning) Hey. What's going on here?

Gene: Jim, did we wake you?

Jim: No. I got up to cook breakfast. Of course, you woke me up!

Dennis: Sorry. If you excuse me, I have to go back and await Sasami's 
cooking. If you want to join, don't hesitate too, okay?

Gene: Okay. We'll see you in there.

	Dennis left the ship and heads back inside the house. Everyone 
else was up and was at the table awaiting Sasami's food.

Dennis: Morning, everyone.

Tenchi: Morning, Dennis. How long were you up?

Dennis: I got up earlier to check Gene's ship out. Besides, Washu was 
busy last night that kept me up for awhile. Luckily, I fell asleep.

Washu: I have to find out what attacked Gene's ship. Every minute 
counts, you know.

Dennis:(sighs) Not in the nighttime, dear.

Ryoko: Speaking of which, did you find anything about that ship?

Washu: So far, not yet. It's amazing that whatever this ship is, no 
file or record that I've been checking in doesn't have anything on it. 
It's like the ship never existed.

Kiyone: It exist, alright. 

Ayeka: But, won't that ship try to locate Gene's ship?

Dennis: It's possible. We can't deny that fact. 

Tenchi: I think it would be wise if we leave some scanners on just in 
case something happens while working on Gene's ship. What do you think, 
Washu?

Washu: Good idea. The long range scanner would pick up anything that is 
unusual to its sensors.

Sasami: Breakfast's ready!!

	Sasami comes out with the food and sets it on the table. Minutes 
later, Gene and the rest arrives and sat with the Tenchi and company to 
have breakfast as well. 

Melfina: This is great, Sasami. 

Sasami: Thank you. I added some seasoning to it. Giving it alittle 
kick.

Jim: That little kick got me wanting for more.

Sasami: I'll bring some out for you.

	Sasami went into the kitchen to get the meal Jim wants and comes 
back out with it. 

Aisha: Little Washu, I was wondering if you found anything about that 
ship that attacked us?

Washu: Nothing yet. But, I'll find out what it is and you'll be the 
first ones to know.

Gene: I want to meet this person who attacked us. Why would he attacked 
us for no reason?

Dennis: There are people who don't care what other people think, Gene. 
Some people would want only fortune or glory. But, this person who 
attacked you is probably out for glory or revenge.

Jim: I hope it's not revenge. We didn't upset anyone on our trips in 
space, right?

Gene: Nothing that I know of.

Ayeka: When would you like to get started on repairing your ship, Gene?

Gene: Whenever you guys are ready. 

Washu: In that case, I head to my lab and grab some parts. You come 
with me, Jim. Perhaps you can tell me which ones would work or not.

Jim:(gulping food) Just a second.

	After that, he went with Washu down to Washu's lab.

Gene: I guess I have to head for the bridge and try to see if I can get 
some power into it.

Dennis: I'll go too. Maybe I can learn a thing or two from you.

Gene: Okay.

	Dennis and Gene left and heads for the ship.

Sasami: I guess while they do that, I'll clean the dishes.

Melfina:(smiles) Not alone, Sasami. I'll help you.

Sasami: Thanks, Melfina.

	Both girls head to the kitchen with the dishes to wash.

Kiyone: Me and Mihoshi will head into space and watch for anything that 
may come towards Earth.

Tenchi: Good idea. If this ship comes, you'll notify us the next 
second.

Kiyone: Right. Come on, Mihoshi. You can finish the rice balls on the 
ship.

Mihoshi: Okay.

	Kiyone and Mihoshi left and headed for their ship.

Ryoko: Well, since everyone is doing their part, I think I'll do my 
part.

Ayeka: And what would that be, Ryoko?

Ryoko: Watching T.V. and drinking tea, what else?

Aisha: I'll join on that one.

Ryoko: Fine by me. There's plenty of tea to go around.(chuckles)

	Both Ryoko and Aisha heads for the living room to drink tea.

Ayeka:(raindrop over her head) Ryoko never cease to amaze me.

Tenchi: Would would you expect?

Suzuka: Pardon me, Tenchi. But, is there a common ground that I can go 
to and meditate?

Tenchi: Absolutely. You'll love the Masaki Shrine. Ayeka, would you do 
the honors and take Suzuka there?

Ayeka: My pleasure, Lord Tenchi.

	Ayeka and Suzuka left the house and heads for the stairway 
leading to the Masaki Shrine. Leaving Tenchi all alone at the table 
with nothing to do.

Tenchi:(slight chuckle) Well, since everyone is doing their part, I 
guess I can go to my room until further notice.

Sasami: Hold it, Tenchi!

Tenchi:(gulps) Guess not.

Sasami: You can put the dishes away while Melfina and I clean up.

Tenchi:(sighs) Coming, Sasami.

	As Tenchi heads for the kitchen, Jim and Washu were scurring 
through the lab to see if there is anything that can be used to repair 
the ship. 

Washu: How about this?

Jim: I...don't think so. That looks way dangerous to put on our ship.

Washu: Perhaps.

Jim: Gosh. I never thought that you would have this much stuff.

Washu: Sometimes my inventions don't work. Therefore, I put them in a 
scrap heap and keep it there until I may need it again.

Jim: You could probably sell this stuff and raise a fortune.

Washu: Believe me, the only thing that I have that comforts me than a 
fortune is Dennis.

Jim: Your husband, eh? Well, I can believe that.

Washu: How about you, Jim? Anyone on your ship that you care for?

Jim: Huh? Well,....Melfina is nice and so are Aisha and Suzuka. That's 
all there is.

Washu: Hmm. I thought you would fallen in love with one of them by now.

Jim: Are you nuts?! I can't never love either women!

Washu:(raises an eyebrow) Why not?

Jim:(sweating) Well,...you see...it's just....well, you just have to 
trust me on this one.

Washu: Fine by me. After all, it's your call on who you should and 
should not love.

Jim: Yeah.(sighs and thinking) Glad that discussion's over.

	As those two continue to look for more parts, Ayeka and Suzuka 
were walking upon the stairway to the Masaki Shrine.

Suzuka: Tenchi is definitely a nice young man. 

Ayeka: Yes, he is. He thinks with a clear mind and a clear heart. 

Suzuka: I wonder. How did you ever get stuck with him? Was it by choice 
or by destiny?

Ayeka: Oh. Well, it has to be choice because when we came upon the 
planet Earth, I was after the space pirate Ryoko. Next thing I know was 
that me and Sasami were living with Tenchi. But, there was something 
else about Tenchi that meets the eye. 

Suzuka: What do you mean?

Ayeka: Tenchi's grandfather happens to be a full-blooded Jurai member.

Suzuka: From planet Jurai, right? The same place you came from?

Ayeka: Yes. With that sudden discovery, I found out that Tenchi was a 
half blooded Jurai. 

Suzuka: Hmm. I beginning to understand here. Tenchi is a Jurai like you 
and your sister. So, if that is true, what were you planning to do with 
him? Take him back to Jurai to become king or something?

Ayeka: That never came up in my mind. To me, I didn't need to. Tenchi 
was happy here and I wanted to stay with him because I have certain 
feelings towards him.

Suzuka: What feelings would that be?

Ayeka:(half blushing) Well, I can't describe it in words. Even if I 
mention to him how much I care for him, it doesn't describe how I 
really care for him.

Suzuka: You love him, don't you?

	Ayeka stops in her tracks on the stairway and Suzuka stop and 
turned around.

Ayeka: Yes. I do love him. But, I don't think he's ready for that and 
neither am I. It would be best if we leave it at that until the perfect 
time comes.

Suzuka: I can respect that. After all, it's not unusual for a princess 
to fall in love for a person that doesn't know how she feels. 

Ayeka: Um,...how would you deal with it?

Suzuka: The only thing I would say is this. Give it time. It will come 
to a time when you do tell him how you feel. If he listens and 
understands, then he will confess his love to you. 

Ayeka: You really think so?

Suzuka: It's up to you on what you want to do. I can't decide for you.

Ayeka: You're right, Suzuka. I will wait for the right moment. 

Suzuka: Glad to here it.

Ayeka: Oh. We're here.

	Both of them finally made it to the top of Masaki Shrine. As 
Suzuka finds a place to meditate, Gene works at his station on the 
bridge while Dennis watches him and sees what he does for his ship.

Dennis: What's the status, Gene?

Gene: So far, everything is okay. But, we need something from Washu to 
keep everything intact.

Dennis: Don't worry. She'll come through.

Gene: If you say so.

Dennis: By the way, Gene. Have you ever thought of settling down?

Gene: What do you mean?

Dennis: Well, I was wondering is there anyone that you like on board? 
The women, in particular.

Gene: Oh. I like them all. If you are asking if I love someone, then 
you're barking up the wrong tree.

Dennis: Is that so? What about Melfina?

Gene: What about her?

Dennis: To be blunt, I have to say that you two make a good couple.

Gene: That's...something that can't work.

Dennis: Can't work?

Gilliam: Gene is sometimes hiding his true reason.

Gene: Gilliam!

Dennis: What reason is there, Gene?

Gene: If only you knew.

Dennis:(sighs) Alright. I'll drop the subject. But, you have to 
remember that if you don't say anything to any girl, then you would 
regret it for the rest of your life.

Gene: Whatever. Okay, the power is running, but not awhole lot. Go see 
if Washu and Jim are coming with the parts.

Gilliam: No need, Gene. They are coming our way.

Gene: About time.

	Jim and Washu enter the Outlaw Star and headed for the bridge. 
They discuss to Gene about the parts that would be helpful for the ship 
until they return to a regular shop to get replacements. For now, the 
parts will have to do. Gene, Tenchi and the rest began to work on 
Gene's ship implanting the parts on the areas where it was damaged from 
the flight here. While they are working, Ryoko and Aisha Clan-Clan are 
still inside watching television and drinking tea.

Ryoko: Ctarl-Ctarl, huh? I may have heard that place before. Never got 
the chance to get there. Not to mention robbing there.

Aisha: Well, that would be stupid on your behalf, dear Ryoko.

Ryoko: Why's that?

Aisha: Because if you knew about the Ctarl-Ctarl, you would know that a 
space pirate, like yourself, wouldn't defeat us. We Ctarl-Ctarls have 
our special powers that can aide us. We can transform into our tiger 
form and become ten times more stronger than any human!

Ryoko: You don't say? 

Aisha: Not to mention that we are immortal as well.

Ryoko: Hah! That's a laugh! You can't be immortal!

Aisha: I am so! It's true! Every full blooded Ctarl-Ctarl has 
immortality!

Ryoko: You have got to be kidding. No one that I know is immortal. 

Aisha:(sighs and drink tea) Believe what you want, Ryoko, but remember 
that when you visit us. You wouldn't last ten minutes if you face 
against ten Ctarl-Ctarls.

Ryoko: I'll remember that, Aisha. By that time, I would know on how to 
kill a Ctarl-Ctarl.

Aisha:(slight chuckle) You're a bigger idiot than I thought. 

Ryoko: Huh?

Aisha: I said a Ctarl-Ctarl is immortal! There is absolutely no way to 
kill one!

Ryoko: There is a way and when I find it, I'll look for you and prove 
it!

	Ryoko picks up the tea bottle and starts chugging away.

Aisha: Take it easy. Drinking like that and you'll start acting drunk.

Ryoko:(slurring) Don't you tell me....how to drink.(continues drinking)

Aisha: I have to warn Gene about this. Ryoko would be rather dangerous 
if she works on something machinery.

	As Aisha continues to watch Ryoko guzzling down the tea, the gang 
outside continues to fix up the Outlaw Star. Time seems to fly by as 
they have fixed the Outlaw Star and have it in nearly perfect 
condition. 

Gene: Nice work, guys. I would have to say that the ship looks okay.

Jim: Those parts from Washu definitely made a difference.

Tenchi: Leave it to little Washu to be the brains in the group.

Washu: What can I say? I'm a genious!!

Dennis: How about we go in and get something to eat, guys? My stomachs 
growling.

Sasami: One full course meal coming up. Follow me.

	Everyone headed back inside the house to enjoy a well class meal 
after a hard days work. Once inside, Tenchi and Ayeka noticed Ryoko on 
the couch still holding a tea bottle. They also see Aisha on the floor 
sleeping like a feline with Ryo-Ohki next to her. 

Tenchi: Has Ryoko been here the whole time?!

Ayeka: I'm not surprised.

	Tenchi went over to see if Ryoko was awake.

Tenchi: Ryoko. Ryoko, wake up!!

Ayeka: Hmm.

Tenchi: She's dead, isn't she?!

	Ayeka went forward to Ryoko's face and patted on her face to get 
her up. Ryoko gave a hiccup and Ayeka smelled it causing her to cover 
her mouth.

Ayeka: Not dead. Dead drunk!!

Ryoko:(groans) Ohh....

Washu: Have you been drinking all day, Ryoko?!

Ryoko: Uh,...no. Just some in the morning and some in the afternoon.

Tenchi: You been here all day as well, right?

Ryoko: Have I?(groans) Those drinks really pack a punch.

Gene: I guess it would've been a good thing if we didn't woke her 
earlier. In her condition, she could hurt herself or any of us while 
working on the ship.

Dennis: You do have a point there.

Ryoko: Sorry, Tenchi. I'll help you out tomorrow if you're not done.

Tenchi: Well, the outer ship hull is finished. But, the inside isn't. 
Perhaps you can give us a hand with that.

Ryoko: Thanks, Tenchi.

	Ryoko gets up and started to walk drunk towards Tenchi. Tenchi 
was shocked by this and Ryoko hugged him in a drunk way.

Ryoko:(slurring) You know,....you look kind of cute up close.(chuckles)

	Tenchi covered his mouth in a panic way.

Tenchi: Washu, could you help Ryoko here?

Washu: Of course. I'll sober her up in no time.

Jim: What about Aisha?

Gene: I doubt she got any tea if Ryoko drank it all.

Dennis: Should we wake her?

Gene: No. Best she rest there until we get done eating. 

	As Dennis carries the drunk Ryoko downstairs to Washu's lab, 
everyone waited for Sasami to cook up the food that they are awaiting 
for. Meanwhile in space, Kiyone and Mihoshi are patrolling the space 
area to see if anything unusual has arrived in their sights.

Kiyone: I wonder if everything's alright down there.

Mihoshi: Don't worry, Kiyone. With Washu and Dennis back from their 
honeymoon, I'm sure that they will help Gene and the others with their 
ship.

Kiyone: I guess. Ever since we have been up here, nothing has come past 
our scanners. I don't think this mysterious ship is going to appear any 
time soon.

Mihoshi: Should we head back to Tenchi's home?

Kiyone: One more hour. If nothing comes up, we are heading back.

	It would appear that whatever attacked Gene's ship wasn't going 
to get past Kiyone and Mihoshi. Back at Tenchi's household, everyone 
was enjoying the meal that Sasami cooked up.

Tenchi: Washu, how's Ryoko?

Washu: Well, she will need rest towards the next day. After all, 
consuming that much tea, it's a miracle that she hasn't passed out for 
real.

Ayeka: We should keep her away from the tea until after the work to 
Gene's ship is done.

Washu: I'll tell her that when she awakes.

Sasami: Speaking of which, do you have any power in your ship, Gene?

Gene: We do have power, but not enough to get us off this planet and 
back into space.

Jim: We need to charge up the generator with enough power to fly and 
head for the nearest space port to refuel.

Washu: Hmm. Getting that power that you speak of, Jim, is not that 
easy.

Jim: Tell me about it.

Washu: However, I may have a way to give you power. Enough to get you 
off this planet and back into space.

Tenchi: Where, Washu?

Washu: I'm going to use my lab. My lab should have enough quality power 
for them to use.

Dennis: Can your lab be sustained without power, Washu?

Washu: I believe so. Even though this is the first time I'll be doing 
this.

Gene: If it is, then we have to be careful at all times. One little 
mishap and you can kiss your lab good-bye.

Tenchi: So, we have decided that tomorrow we go into Washu's lab, find 
a way to transfer the power there to Gene's ship and power it up as 
soon as possible.

Jim: Sounds like a plan.

Kiyone: What does?

	Soon, Kiyone and Mihoshi enters the house.

Tenchi: Kiyone, you're back.

Dennis: Did you find anything out in space?

Kiyone:(sighs) No. Nothing has past our scanners since we entered into 
space earlier today. 

Gene: Maybe so. But, you can't allow anything to get past your 
defenses. It might be the ship that attacked us and plans to finish the 
job.

Kiyone: I'll do my best, Gene Starwind. As an officer of the Galaxy 
Police, I'll do whatever it takes to guard this planet and guard it 
with our lifes!

Mihoshi: Huh?! What do you mean?! I can't die!! I'm too young!!

Kiyone:(groans with raindrop over head) I was saying that in a figure 
of speech, Mihoshi.

Mihoshi: Oh.(smiles) Okay.

	Everyone let out a upsetting sigh over Mihoshi's comments. After 
the food has been eaten and the next day planned out, everyone decided 
to head to bed to rest after a hard day's work. Gene and the crew went 
back to the ship while everyone else stays inside the house to sleep 
for the night. The next day came and after everyone ate breakfast, 
Kiyone and Mihoshi went back into space to continue to lookout for 
anything that may match the description of the ship. Tenchi went to 
Washu's lab and see if Washu is preparing her lab to divert the power 
there to Gene's ship.

Tenchi: How's everything, Washu?

Washu: Just a couple more minutes and we'll have to run a direct power 
tube from here to the ship. Once that is connected, I'll start it up 
and give power to Gene's ship.

Tenchi: Who's going to take that big ol' tube after its connected to 
your lab?

Washu: Oh, I already have a volunteer.

	Tenchi looks over at where Washu was looking at and sees Ryoko 
carrying the tube on her back heading for the stairs.

Washu: That will give her the chance to work that tea out of her 
system.

Tenchi: That seems like manual labor.

Washu: Maybe, but Ryoko asked for it yesterday.

Tenchi: Whatever you say, Washu.

	Ryoko was struggling to carry the tube out of Washu's lab and out 
of the house. Gene looks over to see Ryoko doing it and thinks that she 
would be crazy to carry something like that on her back.

Gene: Are you alright, Ryoko?

Ryoko:(struggling) Just...peachy,...Gene!!

Gene: Is that going to be connected to my ship?

Ryoko: Yeah. Where....do you want....it?

Jim: Follow me, Ryoko. I know a better way.

	Ryoko follows Jim to the back side of the ship. It has a door 
which opens up automatically and reveals an output.

Jim: Connect that end to this and the power will go into our ship.

Ryoko: Jim, if I could, I would kiss you.

	As Jim ponders on that, Ryoko stuck the end into the output and 
gives Gene the thumbs up.

Gene: It's a go! Aisha, tell Washu to hit the switch!

Aisha: On my way!

	Aisha rushes into the house and heads for Washu's door.

Aisha:(screams) Hit the switch, Washu!!!!

Washu: I hear ya!! Geez!! 

	Washu went to her computer and pushed the button to start 
diverting the power from her lab to the Outlaw Star. At the moment, it 
appears to be working. Washu and Tenchi heads outside to see if Gene is 
receiving the power from her lab. Meanwhile in space, Kiyone and 
Mihoshi continue their regular patrol around the galaxy.

Kiyone: I'm beginning to think that this ship doesn't exist.

Mihoshi: What do you mean?

Kiyone: If this ship really does exist, it would've came by right now! 
It's ridiculous that we be out here helping an outlaw who, 
mysteriously, lands in front of Tenchi's home by accident!

Mihoshi: Well, things couldn't get worse, right?

	Just then, the computer system in their ship begins to go 
haywire.

Kiyone: What the?!

Mihoshi: What's going on?! 

Kiyone: The system is somehow being messed up! Did you bring anything 
to drink, Mihoshi?

Mihoshi: No. I finished my drink back home.

Kiyone: Well, I guess that rules out you. See if you can find a way to 
get rid of this.

Mihoshi: I'll try.

	As Kiyone and Mihoshi try to fix whatever the problem is with 
their ship. Something goes past them from behind as it heads for Earth 
at an alarming rate. Once it was halfway towards Earth, the system in 
Kiyone's ship were back to normal.

Kiyone: Huh? We're...back on-line.

Mihoshi: That's weird.

Kiyone: Did you fix it, Mihoshi?

Mihoshi: Nope. I didn't.

Kiyone: Neither did I. I wonder what caused it?

Mihoshi: I don't know, but I see a something heading towards Earth 
right now.

Kiyone: What?!?! What is it?!

Mihoshi: It doesn't say! It's too far away or something!

Kiyone: If it is what I think it is, then we have to stop it!!

Mihoshi: We can't! If we use all of our power, it will already be 
entering the Earth's atmosphere!

Kiyone: Darn it!! Contact Washu and tell that something has entered the 
Earth's atmosphere!

Mihoshi: I'm...trying! I can't get through!!

Kiyone: How come?! Oh, that's right! Tenchi was supposed to have 
Washu's lab power go into Gene's ship.

Mihoshi: How do we warn them now?

Kiyone: Get the weapons on-line and at full power, Mihoshi. I'm going 
to follow whatever has fallen towards Earth and try to stop it at all 
cost! Hang on!! I'm going to full velocity here!

	Kiyone turned the ship around and heads for Earth at full speed 
as she tries to stop whatever is heading towards Earth. Back at 
Tenchi's household, it appears that the plan to divert power from 
Washu's lab to Gene's ship is working. While that was happening, 
Aisha's ears went up as she has a curious look on her face looking up 
in the sky. Gene happens to notice it.

Gene: What's wrong, Aisha?

Aisha: I hear something. Something is heading towards our way.

Jim: What is it?

Tenchi: It's probably an airplane or a helicoptor. It always passes 
through here once in awhile.

Aisha: It's not an airplane. It's something much larger.

Gene: Hmm. Well, I don't see anything in the sky. Perhaps you're 
hearing things, Aisha.

Aisha: No, I'm not! Somehow, I'm getting a bad feeling and I believe 
that it could be right this time.

Sasami: I wonder what's that in the sky.

Ayeka: What is, Sasami?

	Ayeka looks up to see something black in the sky. It was rather 
hard to describe from such long range. Everyone was looking up as well 
to see what it is. It didn't appear to be either an airplane or a 
helicoptor. Once it was becoming focused to everyone's eyes, Jim 
Hawking was the first one to recognize it.

Jim: Gene, it's that ship!!

Gene: What?!?!

Tenchi: Oh, great! Everyone, take cover!!

	As they scramble to get back into the house, the ship begins to 
fire missiles onto them. It exploded once it hits the ground and 
everyone had to dodge the onslaught of attacks. The ship turned around 
and fired laser blasts from its cannons. The blast destroys the tube 
that was diverting the power from the lab to the ship. It would appear 
that the ship has everyone in its sites and it was going to fire at the 
next move.

Tenchi: This person seems to be an expert.

Gene: An expert of firing things, that's for sure.

Jim: What should we do now, Gene?

Gene: There is no way for us to survive without our ship and our 
weapons. But, we can't lose to whatever that is attacking us.

Dennis: No, Gene. There comes a time to lose and fight another day. 
Besides, with odds against us, we can't survive through this without 
getting injured.

Suzuka: Dennis is right. There is nothing we can do even if we had the 
power to do something.

Gene:(sighs) When you're right, you're right. Even though, I hate it.

	Dennis uses his handkerchief to symbolize as a white flag stating 
that they have surrendered. The ship must've saw it as it lands onto 
the ground still having its guns pointing at them. Everyone was nervous 
as they are waiting for anything from that ship. Then, the ship main 
door opens and out comes a person. A person wearing distinctive armor 
that appears to be a battered weapon-covered spacesuit that is equipped 
with a rocketpack and a helmet. With a weapon in his hand, he looks 
upon the people that stands before him.

Man: Finally, I've gotten my prize.

Gene: Who are you?! Are you the one that attacked my ship a couple of 
days ago?

Man: Indeed. I was the one that shot at you. The reason why, if you 
must know, is because I wanted to capture you and collect the bounty on 
your head.

Jim: Bounty? What bounty?

Man: The bounty on Gene Starwind's head!

Gene: There's a bounty on me?! How's that possible?

Man: I overheard a couple of space pirates that crossed your path weeks 
ago. I specifically asked on who was it that finished them off. They 
replied your name, Gene Starwind. After reviewing the stats about you 
being an outlaw, I checked the bounty on your head and surprisingly, 
you are worth the capture.

Jim: How much bounty are we talking about?

Man: Something that neither of you would ever have.

Aisha: Listen, you! We're not going to hand Gene over to you! You still 
haven't told us your stinking name!!

Man: If you must know, my name is Boba Fett.

Suzuka: Boba Fett?!

Gene: You heard of him, Suzuka?

Suzuka: Yes. Boba Fett is the famous bounty hunter there is in the 
galaxy! From what I know, he is all business, laconic, and deadly at 
the same time.

Boba Fett: Precisely. Now, since you now know my name, hand over Gene 
Starwind and I shall free you all from my clutches.

Ryoko: Fat chance, Boba Feet or whatever your name is! If you want 
Gene, you just have to go through us!

Boba Fett: And just who are you, young lady?

Ryoko: The name is Ryoko. 

Boba Fett: Ryoko, the space pirate?

Ryoko: The same.

Boba Fett:(chuckles) This is quite unexpected. I came here to capture 
Gene Starwind, but to find out that Ryoko is here is truly unexpected!

Jim: What are you saying?

Boba Fett: Ryoko there has a bounty on her head as well and has a 
higher price on her head than Gene Starwind.

Ryoko: I do?

Ayeka: If I knew about that, I would've turn Ryoko in a long time ago.

Ryoko: Hey! Who side you are you on, Ayeka?!

Boba Fett: Listen! I don't have time for this. You surrendered earlier 
and I expect that you give these two bountys to me.

Dennis: We may have surrendered to you, but you will not take our 
friends away from us.

Boba Fett: And what exactly are you going to do to stop me?

Dennis:(smiles) I thought you would never ask.

	Then, Dennis soon unleashed his HellSpawn armor and unleashed his 
cape with this chains out preparing to attack.

Boba Fett: Nice trick. But, it won't do you no good.

Dennis: It won't, huh?

	Dennis sent one of his chains at Boba Fett and struck his hand 
releasing the weapon that had in his hand.

Boba Fett: What the?! How did you do that?

Dennis: If you only knew.

Boba Fett: Well, you surprised me with that little trick of yours. But, 
let me show you what I can do.

	Then, Boba Fett jumps and lands on top of his ship. He takes out 
another weapon that he had on his back and started firing onto the 
group. They started to scatter and that is what Boba Fett was waiting 
for. He fires his whipcord from his lanyard launcher and gotten ahold 
of Ryoko. He went to his kneepad and pulled out a dart and throws it at 
Ryoko hitting her and causing her to go unconsciousness. He reverts his 
whipcord and has her by his side. With one of the bountys in his 
possession, he looks for Gene Starwind. Gene was hiding in the bushes 
and was about to use his Caster gun. Boba Fett wasn't going to keep 
this up and was growing tired of this. So, he bends downward and has 
his missile from his rocketpack pointing at the house.

Boba Fett: If you won't come out, Gene Starwind, then this house will 
be blown to bits!!

Gene: He wouldn't?!

Suzuka: A bounty hunter has to do whatever it takes to get his bounty. 
Remember that.

Gene: Thanks for the tip.

	Tenchi was with Ayeka and Sasami in the forest.

Tenchi: He can't be serious!

Sasami: We have to stop him, Tenchi!

Tenchi: But, I don't know how.

Ayeka: This bounty hunter is always on his best guard and has a plan 
whenever he does these things.

Tenchi: Especially when he expects us to call his bluff.

Sasami: Where's Gene? Is he going to stop him?

Ayeka: I don't know.

Boba Fett: I'm getting impatient, Gene Starwind! I give you five 
seconds to surrender! 1....

Gene: He ain't bluffing!

Boba Fett: 2....

Gene: Suzuka, make sure you get the ship running.

Boba Fett: 3....

Suzuka: What are you talking about?

Boba Fett: 4....

Gene: You'll know. 

	Gene starts to get up and rushes to get in front of Boba Fett.

Gene: Alright! You got me.

Boba Fett: Well, I see you come to your senses.

	Then, Boba Fett, quickly, throws a dart at Gene and he falls prey 
to the dart attack. Boba Fett uses his whipcord and brought Gene to his 
side. Now, he has Ryoko and Gene Starwind all ready to be taken away so 
that he can collect his bounty money.

Boba Fett: Thank you all for giving up these priceless bountys up for 
me. I'm sure I'll return and pay you back someday!(chuckles)

	Boba Fett carries both Ryoko and Gene into his ship and prepares 
to take off heading back into space. Once it left the ground, Dennis 
throws something that attaches to the ship.

Tenchi: What was that, Dennis?

Dennis: That was a tracking device that Washu made for me. Just in case 
we lose ourselves when we were on our honeymoon.

Ayeka: Well, it is a good thing that you using it for a good reason. 

Jim: Yeah. With it, we can find Ryoko and Gene and stop this Boba Fett!

Washu: Yes. But, before we can, we have to get this ship back on-line 
as soon as possible. The lives of Ryoko and Gene are at stake.

	Once everyone agreed to that, Kiyone's ship lands near the gang 
and Kiyone with Mihoshi comes out with guns in their hands.

Kiyone: Is everyone alright? What happened?

Dennis: Come inside. There is plenty of time to explain today's events.

	Everyone headed back into the house and Dennis explained the 
whole ordeal minutes ago that involved the bounty hunter, Boba Fett.

Kiyone: What?! You're saying Gene and Ryoko were taken by this person?!

Tenchi: Yep.

Jim: He really was the one that shot us days ago. The reason why was 
that he wanted Gene and collect the bounty on his head.

Kiyone: Hmm. Perhaps I can call Galaxy Police Headquarters and tell 
them to be on a lookout for a ship that would be best describe as a 
bounty hunter ship.

Ayeka: That could work.

Dennis: Maybe. But, who knows where Boba Fett may have taken Gene and 
Ryoko.

Jim: Yeah. For all we know, he might be on the other side of the 
galaxy.

Washu: Not likely. We have to find out where he goes to collect money. 
Once we find out where, we could track him down and rescue the two.

Kiyone: Easier said than done, Washu. There's countless places to go 
where you can drop off bountys.

Aisha: Isn't there a way to find out who or what this Boba Fett is?

Dennis: You mean, checking his background?

Aisha: Exactly.

Tenchi: But, where can we find the information that we need?

Mihoshi: Well, there is HQ.

Kiyone: That would be the last resort for the time being. 

Jim: I think I may have a way.

Dennis: How?

Jim: On Sentinel III.

Tenchi: What?

Jim: Gene's home planet. I'm sure we'll find the information that we 
need to find about this Boba Fett character.

Dennis: What do you think, Kiyone?

Kiyone: It's a start. 

Washu: Then, it's settled. We head to this Sentinel III and find 
whatever information we can dig up about the bounty hunter.

Melfina: But, what about the ship? Will it reach Sentinel III?

Washu: Good question. I need to check the system of the Outlaw Star 
before we head out. The attack from Boba Fett disconnected the line 
that was transferring my lab power to the ship. I didn't have time to 
carefully read out the status to see if the ship has the power to get 
back into space.

Dennis: Get on it. We have to leave here tomorrow morning try to find 
Boba Fett's ship.

Jim: I agree.

	With that idea now settled, Washu went to her lab and started to 
bring up the program that had her power going to Gene's ship. Jim comes 
downstairs as well to see what was the status too.

Jim: What do you got?

Washu: Nothing yet. In all of the commotion earlier, the computer went 
down during the battle. It will take time for it to be back up.

Jim: Great. 

Washu: Don't give up, Jim. We still got a chance to save Gene and 
Ryoko. 

Jim: I hope so, Washu. It wouldn't be right flying the ship without 
Gene at the helm.

	Few minuter later, the screen comes up with the schematics.

Washu: Bingo! It's up!

Jim: Well?

Washu: According to the percentage, it says that the Outlaw Star has 
gained before cutoff at least 68% power.

Jim: 68%?! I thought it would be more than that!

Washu: My computer doesn't lie, Jim. The percentage is correct.

Jim: With 68%, we could make it to Sentinel III, but I don't know if we 
can get there from here.

Washu: We will find a way, Jim. Trust me on this. 

Jim: Okay.

Washu: Right now, all we can do now is rest. We got a big day ahead of 
us.

	Washu and Jim headed back upstairs and told the gang of the 
situation. With 68% power in Gene's ship, they will have to take that 
chance of leaving Earth and head for Gene's home planet. Meanwhile, 
Boba Fett's ship, Slave I, was cruising through space. Ryoko was tied 
up in stainless steel rope. She tried to get free, but the things 
wouldn't break. Gene was next to her, but he was still out from the 
dart attack. 

Ryoko:(thinking) Where am I? 

Boba Fett: So, you're awake.

Ryoko: Huh?

	Boba Fett enters the room where he is containing his prisoners.

Ryoko: It's you! Now, I remember. You came down to Earth to get Gene.

Boba Fett: That's very wise of you to remember what happened. 
Unfortunately, there is nothing that you can do. Right now, I'm heading 
to the nearest planet there is that can accept the bountys of you and 
Gene Starwind. You don't have to worry what I'm going to do with you. 
You should be concerned about where you will end up after I get through 
with you!

Ryoko: That won't happen, Boba Fett! My friends will come and rescue 
me.

Boba Fett:(chuckles) Don't be absurd! There is no way for those fools 
on Earth to find me out here! 

Ryoko: Trust me. They will find a way.

Boba Fett: Believe what you want to believe, space pirate. In the end, 
your life won't mean anything after I collect the money.

Ryoko: Where are we going exactly?

Boba Fett: To a criminal underworld on the planet Valron. 

Ryoko: Never heard of it.

Boba Fett: No one has. But, you will be staying there for a long time.

	With the way things are going, Ryoko could be on her way of being 
a slave for someone on that planet. Back on Earth, morning came and 
everyone gotten their morning routines done and met outside where the 
Outlaw Star was fixed up and ready to go.

Tenchi: What's the plan, Washu?

Washu: We take Gene's ship and head back into space. From there, Jim 
will direct us towards this home planet of Gene's so that we can find 
some information on who Boba Fett is and where could he most likely 
take Gene and Ryoko.

Jim: Sounds like a plan.

Dennis: I agree.

	The gang headed inside the Outlaw Star. Tenchi and the girls were 
in the kitchen as Dennis went with Jim and the rest. They went to the 
bridge.

Jim: Okay, Melfina. Get everything on-line.

Melfina: Right.

	Melfina went into a tube and out came a cylinder of gel with 
Melfina in it.

Dennis: Uh,...what's she doing?

Aisha: She's serving as the navigator.

Dennis: Oh. Well, I guess that position best suits her.

Jim: Gilliam, get the engines warmed up and ready to ignite.

Gilliam: May I remind you, Jim, that the ship's power is nearly 70%.

Jim: Don't remind me. 

Melfina: Systems are ready and on-line.

Jim: Okay. Dennis, you have to be in Gene's station for the time being.

Dennis: Huh? Me? But, what about you? I thought you were Gene's right 
hand man or something.

Jim: I am, but this is my original position. Trust me. Gene would want 
you to be in that seat of his. 

Dennis:(sighs) Are you sure?

Aisha: Of course, he's sure! Climb in, would ya?!

Dennis: Okay.

	Dennis stepped into the Gene's station and was now the commanding 
captain of the Outlaw Star.

Jim: Don't worry, Dennis. I'll help you along the way.

Dennis: Well, that's good to know.

Suzuka: Calm down. You won't be in any shape to fly this ship in that 
condition.

Dennis: I'm okay. Just abit nervous.

Jim: You remind of Gene. He had the same nervous act when he was 
commanding this ship and he was afraid of space as well.

Dennis: For real?

Aisha: Yeah, but he got over it.

Jim: Tell us when to launch, Dennis.

Dennis: Okay.(thinking) I hope I'm doing the right thing. After all, 
the crew of this ship are looking up to me as their leader. 

Melfina: Everything is ready to go and power is stable.

Dennis: This is it, people. Time to head back into space. Jim, set in 
the coordinates for Sentinel III.

Jim: I'm on it.

Dennis: Suzuka, set the weapons on stand-by. If anything attacks us 
while heading to this planet, we need those weapons on.

Suzuka: Weapons standing by.

Dennis: Aisha?

Aisha: Yes?

Dennis: Uh,....um, act natural.

Aisha: Setting act....(shocked and confused) Act natural?!?!

Dennis: Sorry. Caught up in the moment.

Jim: Everything is standing by.

Dennis: Then, what are we waiting for? Let's go save Gene and Ryoko!!!

Everyone: Right!!!

	The Outlaw Star soon ignited and was on its way back into space. 
After it left Earth's atmosphere, Jim puts the engine drive on and the 
ship went faster than it was before. Right now, it was heading to 
Gene's home planet, Sentinel III.

Dennis: Are we on the right course, Jim?

Jim: Yeah. This is the quickest way to get to Sentinel III.

Dennis: Melfina, is there any ships out there?

Melfina: None as of yet. 

Dennis: Well, so far, so good.

	A door opens up and Washu enters the room.

Washu: Dennis?

Dennis: Washu? What are you doing here?

Washu: Came to see if everything is okay.

Dennis: Don't worry. Everything is fine since I'm commanding this ship.

Washu: Well, don't let it go to your head. Sometimes you go overboard 
with stuff that is new to you.

Aisha: He was before we left Earth.

Dennis: But, I'm calmed down now. 

Washu:(smiles) That's what they all say.

Dennis: Very funny.

Jim: Dennis, you have the readings of the power that the Outlaw Star 
has. How much power do we still have?

Dennis: Hmm. Where is it?

Washu:(points it out) Right here.

Dennis: Thanks. It says here that the power percentage is about 60%.

Jim: We should make it to Sentinel III before that power drops to 50%.

Dennis: Washu, by any chance did you bring the tracker device?

Washu: Of course. I always do just in case you end up lost.

Dennis: Good. Because when Boba Fett was about to leave, I thrown the 
tracer onto his ship. 

Washu: With that on, we can find Boba Fett in no time.

Aisha: That might be true, but you forgot that we haven't got a clue 
where he is.

Dennis: That will be taken cared of once we get to Sentinel III.

Gilliam: 6 more minutes before entering Sentinel III's space area.

Dennis: Okay. Better head back to the gang and tell them the news.

Washu: Right.

	Washu leaves the bridge and heads back to the kitchen.

Aisha: There's something I've been meaning to ask you, Dennis?

Dennis: What?

Aisha; How in the world did you and Washu ever got together and got 
married?

Dennis:(slightly blushing) Well,...that is a long, long story and 
knowing you, you would fall asleep to it.

Aisha: You got me there. But, could you make the story short?

Dennis: To be honest, that is a tough one to answer. I guess you can 
say that fate had lead me to Tenchi's household and to Washu. What 
caught my attention the first time I met Washu was her colorful hair. 
Of course, I didn't say anything, but then again, neither did she. She 
was speechless when she saw me.

Aisha: I'll probably hate myself for asking this, but what happened on 
the day that you met Washu?

Dennis: That night, she lead me to her lab, we talked, I told her what 
I've been doing in life, how I lost a girl that I loved to an enemy 
that was after me. She really listened to me and comforted me knowing 
that she understood what I went through. I told her that I loved her 
and she loved me back. Once that was cleared up, next thing I know was 
that I was with her in bed. The rest, as they say, is history.

Jim: That's good enough for me.

Aisha: Same here.

Gilliam: We are about to enter the space area to Sentinel III.

Jim: Thanks, Gilliam. Dennis, slow up on the engines so that we can be 
on normal speed.

Dennis: Okay.

	Dennis did what Jim told him to do and they were entering a 
different kind of space. A planet was ahead of them and it didn't look 
like Earth from a distance.

Jim: There it is. Sentinel III.

Dennis: Still have about 48% power left.

Jim: That's all the power we need. Head towards the planet and I'll 
direct you to the space port.

Dennis: Right.

	Dennis flown the Outlaw Star towards the planet Sentinel III. 
They entered the atmosphere and were taking the the pressure lightly as 
they get to the planet in one piece. As Dennis listened to Jim, they 
were heading to the space ports where everyone can land there and 
refuel on power and supplies before heading back into space. Dennis was 
doing his best to land the ship down with the nose of the ship pointing 
up. With careful patience and nerves, Dennis made the perfect landing 
and blew a sigh of relief.

Jim: See, it wasn't that hard.

Dennis: Easy for you to say.

Melfina: Ship's power is still near 48%.

Dennis: Okay. Jim, what do you wish to do now?

Jim: For now, we need to refuel our power the right way. It should take 
about an hour to do so.

Dennis: Sounds good to me. We better leave and head for a place where 
we can find some information about the bounty hunter.

Aisha: The only place would be the police station.

Jim: But, since I am smart on computers, I can enter the files of the 
police station from where me and Gene run business.

Dennis: Then, let's move.

	The crew gotten Tenchi and the girls out of the kitchen and out 
of the ship. They left the port station by the elevator and headed out 
into the streets of Sentinel III. 

Tenchi: Very busy place this planet is.

Jim: It's always this busy.

Ayeka: This would probabaly be a good place for this Boba Fett to hide 
out.

Jim: I don't think so. He doesn't know about this place, I hope.

Kiyone: By the way, did you say that you can access the main files 
through your computer?

Jim: Yes. It will take time, but I hope that they don't trace it back 
to our place.

Dennis: How far is this place of yours?

Jim: Not far. Come on.

	Jim lead the group back to the place where he and Gene run. It 
wasn't a big place, but it was home to him. He lead them inside and he 
turned the lights on to fully see the place.

Jim: This is it. What do you think?

Tenchi: It's really nice.

Mihoshi: Even though on the messy side.

Jim:(slight chuckle) Well, Gene has been the one in charge of cleaning. 
But, he says that he will get it the next day.

Aisha: Of course, he doesn't.

Dennis: Alright, back to business. Jim, we need that files up fast.

Jim: I'm on it!

Dennis: We should not rush into things until we know for sure where 
Boba Fett is heading.

Tenchi: He's not heading here, that's for sure.

Washu: I'll go help Jim, just in case.

Dennis: Okay. 

	Washu went off to help Jim at the computer.

Kiyone: Anything we can do, Dennis?

Dennis: This might be a long shot, but perhaps you and Mihoshi go out 
there and ask someone about anything that relates to bounty hunting. If 
you find out something, see if it relates to Boba Fett.

Kiyone: Right! Come on, Mihoshi.

	Kiyone and Mihoshi exited out of the building.

Sasami: I'll go see what I can cook up since we are going to be here 
for awhile. Come on, Melfina.

Melfina: Okay.

	Both Sasami and Melfina went to the kitchen and look for anything 
to cook up.

Dennis: For the rest of us, we might as well wait until Washu and Jim 
return with something about Boba Fett.

	As the gang are trying to get information about the bounty 
hunter, Boba Fett continues on his route to the planet where he will 
drop off Gene Starwind and Ryoko.

Gene:(groans)

Ryoko: Gene? Are you alright?

Gene: Besides the pain in my head, just fine. Where are we?

Ryoko: We're on that bounty hunter's ship. He's taking us to a planet 
where he will trade us in and get the bounty from our heads.

Gene: That's not good. 

Ryoko:(sad look) And we haven't been rescued by your crew and Tenchi.

Gene: Don't worry. I'm sure that the crew are doing everything possible 
to find this ship. I just hope they can stop this Boba Fett before he 
does anything to us.

Ryoko: I hope you're right.

	As the ship continues on course, the gang at Sentinel III were 
waiting for anything from Jim and Washu who are trying to crack into 
the files of the police and gain some information about the bounty 
hunter Boba Fett.

Ayeka: Do you think that Jim can get into this system and get the 
files?

Aisha: He will. Besides, there is nothing that Jim can't handle. 

Dennis: You better be right about that, Aisha. We can't make guesses at 
the moment.

Aisha: Who's guessing? I'm just stating the fact here!

Tenchi: Settle down. We aren't saying that you are lying. We are just 
hoping that Jim can get the files fast enough so that we can find out 
where this bounty hunter gone off to with Ryoko and Gene.

Dennis: Washu is helping Jim as well. That should quicken the time to 
get the files and be out before they trace that downloading to here.

	Elsewhere in the building, Jim was at his computer station with 
Washu at his side. They entered the site where it would be possible to 
go into the files at the police station.

Jim: Okay. I managed to get to the entrance to this thing. Now, here 
comes the tricky part.

Washu: Which is?

Jim: Well, it would be simple to enter the password and move on. But, 
the system is very much smarter. If we input the wrong one, the system 
will lock up and they would track us down for sure.

Washu: Then, it would be best not to mess up the first time.

Jim: Easier said than done. I can't think of any password that can 
work.

Washu: Perhaps I can find a way.

	Washu brings up her hologram computer and have it connected to 
the computer of Jim. She was accessing any possible password that can 
be used at this situation. She found it and brought it up. There were 
lots of passwords on Washu's screen. So, Washu decided to select the 
one that has been used many times. One was highlighted and Washu uses 
that one as she types in the password onto Jim's computer. Seconds 
later, their access was granted and Washu was all smiles.

Jim: Wow, Washu! That was incredible!

Washu:(smiles) They don't call me the greatest scientist in the 
universe for nothing!

	Jim went on to get into the files on the computer. 

Jim: We need to find anything relating to bounty hunters, right?

Washu: Yes. Anything that can tell us about Boba Fett.

	It took some time for Jim to see what the system has inside. But, 
he finally found something that can aide them.

Jim: This could be it.

Washu: Open it.

	Jim did open it and there was a section relating to bounty 
hunters and the bountys.

Washu: Now, find the files that resembles Boba Fett.

Jim: I'm one step ahead of ya. 

	Jim puts in the commands that brings up the files of the bounty 
hunter himself.

Jim: Bingo!

Washu: I'll go get the others.

Jim: Right. I'll check this out to find anything useful.

	Washu left Jim at the computer while she went to get Dennis and 
the others. She brought them back few minutes later and Jim was still 
reading the summary about Boba Fett.

Dennis: What have you found out, Jim?

Jim: This Boba Fett character has been everywhere in the galaxy. It 
will be hard to pinpoint the place where he would most likely go to 
take Gene and Ryoko.

Washu: Does it mention his home planet or any planets that he knows 
best?

Jim: His home planet isn't in the files. It's listed as unknown. But, 
the planets that he knows would be the best three known spots for 
bounty hunters to go to.

Tenchi: What are they?

	Jim brings up the list on screen.

Jim: Valron, Makyo, and Tattooine.

Ayeka: So, where should we start looking?

Dennis: We can't go to all of these planets. If we go to one planet and 
it's the wrong one, Ryoko and Gene will be history.

Tenchi: Then, we better not choose the wrong one.

Jim: But, which one is the right one?

Washu: What do you think, Suzuka? You were an assassin, correct?

Suzuka: That is true. But, I stay away from those vile bounty hunters. 
They have no honor or trust. It would be pointless to discuss things 
with them.

Dennis: But, which one is the right one?

Suzuka: Well, Makyo wouldn't be it. Because going to that place would 
be stupid.

Tenchi: How come?

Suzuka: The people on that planet are man eaters. They don't even want 
anyone on that planet but themselves.

Aisha: Ugh! Better not go there.

Dennis: Right. So, what about the other two?

Suzuka: Tattooine would be the best place for Boba Fett to go to. That 
place is crawling with gangsters and thiefs.

Ayeka: Then, that would be the place to go to.

Suzuka: Probably. But, I don't know about it.

Dennis: Okay. We'll put that in questionable. 

Suzuka: Valron is a dangerous place. The people on that planet don't 
like travelers or tourists. However, it would be home of where people 
drop off their bountys.

Jim: If Boba Fett is going there, then Valron it is!

Dennis: Okay. We gotten the information that we need. All we have to do 
is get ourselves prepared to head for the nearest system that has the 
planet Valron.

	Minutes later, Kiyone and Mihoshi return from their walk into the 
city.

Tenchi: Kiyone! You're back.

Kiyone: Well, we had to return because we have gotten something that 
you might like to hear.

Dennis: What is it?

Kiyone: We asked anyone who knows that bounty hunter and where he could 
be. People were disgusted by that name, but some were able to tell us 
what they felt about him. 

Washu: Did you get any information of where he could be?

Mihoshi: We sure did! We found out that bounty hunters such as Boba 
Fett go to a place where it would be the best place to drop off and 
collect bountys. 

Kiyone: I believe he said it was....Valron.

Jim: Valron?!?! Are you sure?!

Kiyone: I'm positive. He said that without any doubts, that would be a 
home to any bounty hunters in the universe.

Dennis: That confirms it. Boba Fett is taking Ryoko and Gene to planet 
Valron.

Aisha: Now, all we need to do is gather the items that we need and we 
can head off searching for this planet.

Jim: I'll download the location coordinates to this planet and take it 
to the Outlaw Star.

Tenchi: Sounds like a plan.

Dennis: Okay. Right now, it's....around 4 o'clock. We are going to have 
to rest for the time being considering we took a trip from Earth to 
here.

Suzuka: A wise decision. We don't want to be fatigue when we face Boba 
Fett again.

Washu: I'll stay up and help Jim with the computer work. 

Jim: You don't have to, Washu. I'm pretty much okay finishing this end 
of the work.

Dennis: Do what you have to do, Jim. Tenchi, I believe we could be 
staying here to eat. Do the girls mind?

Tenchi: I don't think so. We are okay eating here in this place.

Dennis:(smiles) I figure you would say that. 

Ayeka: What are you going to do, Dennis?

Dennis: For the time being, I'll be outside and concentrate on the 
battle ahead. Make sure you get me when the time to eat comes, okay?

Ayeka: Okay.

	With the plan to save Ryoko and Gene now in full effect, Dennis 
and the others have to rest and build their strength up when the time 
to face Boba Fett comes. Meanwhile, Boba Fett's ship, Slave I, was 
approaching the outer areas of the Valron system.

Gene: Where is he taking us?

Ryoko: He's going to take us somewhere and collect the bountys that are 
on our heads.

Gene: Great. If only I have my Caster gun, I will show him a thing or 
two.

Ryoko: This bounty hunter ain't no fool, Gene. He probably have your 
weapon with him right now.

Gene:(sighs) This is getting to be too much. When will the gang get 
here and save us?

Ryoko: You're not the only one thinking about them. I'm worried myself 
if they will ever find us. They are probably out in space right now 
looking for us, but don't know where we are heading.

Gene: They better hurry. I have a feeling we are about to reach this 
planet the bounty hunter is taking us.

	Gene was right as it was about to enter Valron's atmosphere. Back 
on Sentinel III, the gang ate with Gene's crew as they are preparing 
themselves for departure to Valron early the next day.

Jim: Once we get back into the ship, we have to put our engines on high 
speed if we want to get to planet Valron in a hurry.

Tenchi: Even if we do go faster than the speed than light, how will we 
know if we are heading to the right planet and finding Boba Fett?

Dennis: Don't forget, Tenchi. I placed a device onto that bounty 
hunter's ship before he left back on Earth. That device will send a 
signal to a scanner that Washu built and it will tell us if we are 
getting closer to the object.

Suzuka: What happens if Boba Fett found that device on his ship?

Washu: We better not think that possibility. That device is our only 
hope of finding Gene and Ryoko.

Ayeka: By the way, Jim. Have you found out anything that can be useful 
about that bounty hunter?

Jim: You mean his background?

Ayeka: Yes.

Jim: Well, to be honest, there was some interesting facts that were 
added in the bio of Boba Fett. Including that, at a young age, he was 
in some Clone War many years ago and that his father named Jango Fett 
was in that same war.

Aisha: He was with his father when this war happened?

Jim: It doesn't say. But, he's an excellent pilot of his ship named 
Slave I.

Tenchi: What ever happened to his father?

Jim: Tried it. Couldn't find anything. Don't know if he's still living 
or not.

Dennis: So, this famous bounty hunter is after Gene just to get the 
money.

Aisha: I want to know how much it is on Gene's head. If there was a lot 
of money on his head, I would've turn him in in a heartbeat!

Jim:(sarcastically) You would.

Washu: Any of us would if there was a huge bounty on his head.

Melfina: I wouldn't.

Dennis: Of course, you wouldn't, Melfina. 

Tenchi:(slight smile) If Ryoko knew, she would've. 

Ayeka: There's no denying that.

Dennis: I agree as well. Alright, guys. Here's the plan. We'll move out 
by the earliest morning tomorrow. We have to make quick time through 
space and head for the Valron system. Boba Fett's ship might be there, 
but we wouldn't know for sure until we get there. I understand that 
some of you are a tad bit nervous about all this, but I can't say that 
I blame you. But, what I do know is that two of our friends are 
captured by this bounty hunter and we aren't going to let him get away 
with it! We are going to save our friends and stop this bounty hunter 
ourselves. If there is no further comments about this, I suggest we 
turn in and rest for tomorrow.

Jim: Sounds good to me!

Aisha: Same here!

Tenchi: Nice speech, Dennis.

Washu: Never knew you had it in you.

	As the gang cheered on, they rest up for the night and prepare 
themselves for tomorrow's departure. But, Boba Fett's ship has already 
landed on Valron and makes sure that his prisoners don't escape from 
his clutches.

Boba Fett: We're here.

Ryoko: What's here?

Boba Fett: We are on the planet Valron. This will be your new home 
after I discharge you two and collect the bounty. Before I do, I must 
go someplace and gather some information about the next bounty that I 
will go after once I get through with you two.

Gene: Take your time. 

Boba Fett:(slight chuckle) I intend to.

	Boba Fett exits out of the ship and closes it behind him as he 
leaves his ship and his prisoners as he heads for the city of Valron. 

Gene: Well, glad he's gone. Is there anyway for us to break free?

Ryoko: What do you think I'm been trying to do in the last couple of 
minutes? I'm trying to break this lousy restrainer that is on me and I 
have no luck whatsoever. 

Gene: Great. Where's my gun? Do you think he left it?

Ryoko: No. He took it with him. I saw it before he left. It was on his 
belt buckle.

Gene: Darn! This bounty hunter doesn't miss a step, does he?

Ryoko: Don't lose your head yet, Gene. Since he's gone, we can probably 
think up something once he takes us out of his ship.

Gene: You have an idea?

Ryoko: Maybe. But, I need your full cooperation in order for it to 
work.

Gene: You got my full attention, Ryoko.

	As Ryoko explains to Gene the plan she has, the earliest sun was 
beginning to break and the crew of the Outlaw Star along with Tenchi 
and company were up and ready to leave.

Dennis: Set the coordinates, Jim.

Jim: Setting the course to planet Valron.

Dennis: Status on the ship's condition, Melfina?

Melfina: All systems are operational and ready to go.

Jim: Coordinates set!

Gilliam: We got clearance to leave, Dennis.

Dennis: Good! Let's move out!!

	Dennis turned the power on to the max as they lift off from the 
space port and were on their way back into space. Once they left the 
atmosphere of Sentinel III, Dennis soon set the engines on hyper and 
were off in a flash going to the Valron system. They were going faster 
than light as they went through space in a heartbeat.

Dennis: Status report, Melfina.

Melfina: Shields are holding. Engine temperatures are rising, but not 
critical. Outer hull still holding together.

Jim: We should reach Valron in about 15 minutes.

Dennis: 15 minutes? Shouldn't we be cutting that in half, Jim?

Jim: Our engines are at the peak of its speed, Dennis. Any further and 
we would damage them, even if it does cut the time in half.

Dennis: Hmm. I see your point. Continue on course. Keep me updated on 
any changes.

	Washu soon enters the bridge.

Washu: Dennis!

Dennis: Washu, what's wrong?

Washu: While I was with the rest, my scanner went off. It must've 
picked up something.

	Dennis checks the scanner himself to see what Washu was talking 
about. To his surprise, there was a red dot on the screen and it was 
slowly approaching the center of the screen.

Washu: Does that mean what I think it means, Dennis?

Dennis: I believe so, Washu. This means that we may have found Boba 
Fett's ship!

Aisha: Are you sure?

Dennis: Positive. Remember, I said back on Sentinel III that I placed 
the device on Boba Fett's ship when he was on Earth. If the thing still 
works, it would send off a signal to this. 

Jim: If it does, therefore Boba Fett's ship and planet Valron are very 
close.

Dennis: Right. But, at this current speed, we'll be there in about....

Gilliam: About 12 minutes.

Dennis: Thanks. 

Washu: Can't you speed this baby up or something?

Dennis: Can't. Jim explained to me that if we go any faster, the 
engines might be damaged.

Washu: Is there another way?

Jim: I wish there was.

Suzuka: I believe it would be wise not to rush into things. We have 
found Boba Fett's ship, but we aren't positive if it is him.

Dennis: You could be right, Suzuka. We will do whatever we can to speed 
up, but we can't overload the engines.

Washu: Wise decision. I'll go tell the rest about the news.

Dennis: Okay.

	Washu leaves the bridge as Dennis resumes his command of the 
ship. 

Jim: This maybe the wrong time to ask, but what are we going to do when 
we get there, Dennis?

Dennis: What do you mean?

Jim: What are we going to do with the ship? We can't exactly land in a 
bounty hunter territory.

Aisha: He's right. Landing there would mean that the ship would be in 
pieces in a day!

Dennis: I understand what you are saying now. If we can't land on 
Valron, then how are we going to reach that planet without being 
noticed?

	As the Outlaw Star continues on to Valron, Gene and Ryoko still 
are inside the ship of Boba Fett who left them there to go do some 
things before trading them in to get money.

Ryoko: This guy has been gone for hours! When is he coming back?

Gene: Perhaps he plans on selling us when we die in here from 
exhaustion.

Ryoko: I beginning to forget the plan that we are about to do when he 
comes back.

Gene: Yeah. What was it again?

Ryoko: The plan was....uh,....it was....

Gene: Well?

Ryoko: Darn it!! I forgot the plan!!

Gene: You what?!

Ryoko: I forgot the stupid plan! Now, we are back to square one!

Gene: This keeps getting better and better, doesn't it?

Ryoko: Oh, be quiet.

	Things doesn't look good for both of them as Boba Fett soon 
returns to his ship.

Boba Fett: I hope I haven't kept you two waiting.

Gene: No. Not at all.

Boba Fett: Well, I hate to ruin this trip of yours, but I must insist 
that you two get up and follow me. It's time to collect my money.

Ryoko: Could you at least unlock us from this restrainer?

Boba Fett: You must be joking, space pirate. I wouldn't let you go even 
for some fresh air. Now, stop fooling around and follow me!

Gene: You gonna have to do better than that, bounty hunter.

Boba Fett: If you insist on doing things the hard way,....

	Boba Fett unleashed Gene's Caster gun and points it at them.

Boba Fett: ....then allow me to persuade you to follow me.

Ryoko: You just had to upset him, didn't you?

Gene: Oh, be quiet!

	Gene and Ryoko, still being in Boba Fett's restrainers, exited 
out of the ship and caught a first glimpse of the city of Valron. Boba 
Fett moved on with them at his side as he heads into the city. Back in 
space, the Outlaw Star was still on course for the planet. But, they 
have a small problem that they need to discuss with the rest of the 
gang who were in the kitchen.

Dennis: Listen up! Right now, we have about 5 minutes before we enter 
the Valron system. Jim thought up something that may cause a problem 
for us once we reach there. It's apparent that we can't land on the 
planet because of the bounty hunters.

Tenchi: What would the bounty hunters want with this ship?

Suzuka: If I'm right, they see this ship and they would want its parts 
and weapons.

Dennis: Exactly. Therefore, I have come to a conclusion that the Outlaw 
Star will be safe if it stays put in space.

Jim: In space?

Dennis: Yes. We have to keep a good distance away from the planet so 
that nothing can scan us or detect us.

Ayeka: If we stay up in space, how are we going to get to the planet 
and rescue Gene and Ryoko?

Dennis: Well, that's the part I'm still trying to figure out.

Aisha: You better think up something. We only have 5 minutes before we 
get there.

Gilliam: Correction. 2 minutes.

Dennis: Thanks for the update, Gilliam.

Washu: I believe I may have an idea.

Tenchi: What is it, little Washu?

Washu: I didn't even thought of it before. The answer is right here in 
this ship.

Jim: What?

Washu: Ryo-Ohki!

Everyone: Huh?

Dennis: Of course! Ryo-Ohki can get into the place and revert back to 
cabbit form. Nice thinking, Washu.

Sasami: It's a good thing I took her. She would've been sick without 
us.

Tenchi: I guess we have our way of getting into that place.

Jim: Right. But, who's going to the planet and rescue those two?

Dennis: I already thought it up. Tenchi, Ayeka, Aisha, and Suzuka 
should head down there and search for Ryoko and Gene. The rest stays 
here until further notice.

Washu: What if they get into trouble?

Dennis: Then, we have to rush in and get you out before anything 
happens.

Aisha: Sounds like a plan.

Tenchi: It's the only plan that can work, right?

Dennis: It has to. Ryoko and Gene's life are at stake.

Gilliam: Approaching the Valron system.

Jim: Finally. We're here.

Dennis: Everyone, back into positions on the bridge.   

	The plan to rescue Ryoko and Gene was about to come full circle 
as they finally arrive the Valron system. The crew were back on the 
bridge as they view the planet Valron on screen.

Jim: Is that it, Gilliam?

Gilliam: Yes, it is. That is the planet Valron.

Dennis: No doubt it is full with bounty hunters and thiefs, right?

Gilliam: Uncertain about that question. But, it would be the place for 
bounty hunters to go to.

Aisha: So, when do you want your plan to start, Dennis?

Dennis: Now. Aisha, you and Suzuka get Tenchi and Ayeka with Ryo-Ohki. 
Once Ryo-Ohki turns into a spaceship and beams you guys onto her, your 
the only chance of rescuing Ryoko and Gene.

Suzuka: We'll come back with them or don't come back at all.

Aisha: Wait. If we go down there and you stay up here, won't someone 
see you on radar or something?

Dennis: We better hope that those hunters don't have something like 
that or we are all cooked.

Jim: Either way, we can't turn back now.

Dennis: Right. Let's get this over with so that we can head home.

	Aisha and Suzuka agreed and headed to get Tenchi and Ayeka as 
they prepare for a trip to planet Valron. Ryo-Ohki had to exit out of 
the ship to transform into a spaceship and teleport the four into her. 
They were on the bridge of Ryo-Ohki as they view the planet on screen.

Tenchi: So far, so good.

Ayeka: Okay. Ryo-Ohki, take us to planet Valron.

Dennis: Hold on, guys. Before you leave, I just wanted to say to you 
all is to be careful and don't do anything foolish that will endanger 
the mission.

Tenchi: Right. Onward, Ryo-Ohki!

	Ryo-Ohki heard Tenchi and went on its way towards the planet 
Valron. It took some time to reach the atmosphere and enter it. Once 
they were through, they had entered into the sky which is above a 
rather crowded and bright lighted city.

Tenchi: Look at that!

Aisha: With so many people, it would be trying to find a needle in a 
haystack!

Ayeka: And who knows where Ryoko and Gene are.

Tenchi: Not necessarily.

Ayeka: Huh?

Tenchi: Just before we left, Washu gave me the scanner that can pick up 
the device that Dennis put on that bounty hunter's ship.

Suzuka: And with it, it shouldn't take too long to find the ship and 
the captives.

Tenchi: Right. Set us down somewhere safe, Ryo-Ohki!

	Ryo-Ohki went towards the back area of the city so that no one 
could see them. It was clear for them to exit as they were teleported 
off the ship and Ryo-Ohki reverted back to cabbit form. 

Aisha: This place sure looks crowded.

Tenchi: Yeah. But, it's filled with bounty hunters and thiefs.

Suzuka: Enough sightseeing. We have a mission to do, remember?

Tenchi: Oh. Sorry, Suzuka.

	Tenchi pulls out the scanner from his pocket and turns it on.

Tenchi: Let's see....according to this, we have to go into this place 
and turn left.

Ayeka: Are you sure? 

Tenchi: Yeah. Doesn't seem to be any other way from this point.

Ayeka: But, won't anyone look at us suspicious?

Suzuka: Just stay close to me, Ayeka. I won't let anyone harm you.

Ayeka: Thanks, Suzuka.

Tenchi: Come on, everybody.

	Tenchi was leading the trio into the city of Valron. They walked 
on the sidewalk and sees many weird people, including creatures, that 
looks like they are bounty hunters. They went on as Tenchi looks on at 
the scanner to see if they are on the right track. When they walk 
passed an alley, a stranger in a hood stepped out of the shadows of the 
alley and soon followed the group. This was going on for awhile until 
Suzuka felt something.

Suzuka: Stop!

Tenchi: Huh? What is it, Suzuka?

Suzuka: We are not alone.

Ayeka: What do you mean? Is someone following us?

Suzuka: Probably. Aisha, did you hear anything unusual?

Aisha: I heard something the very last second and it wasn't any of us.

Tenchi: Where did you hear the noise? Where was it coming from?

Aisha: From behind.

Suzuka: I heard there, too. There is something behind us.

Ayeka: But, there is nothing behind us except people, sort of.

Suzuka: Whoever it was, we probably scared it off. 

Tenchi: I hope so. 

	The gang moved on to find the ship that the bounty hunter has. 
The stranger that was following them was going into a bar that is for 
rough fighters and bounty hunters. It walks up to the bar and Boba Fett 
was there having something to drink. The stranger in the hood sat with 
his friend. It took off his hood and it was a reptilian creature.

Reptilian: Ssssmith.

Smith: Ah, Sorian. Found any good pockets lately?

Sorian: No. But, ssssomething different today.

Smith: Do tell?

Sorian: Four sssstrangerssss that I have never sssseen before goessss 
passst me. I followed them in order to take them out and cleaned them 
of their goods.

Smith: And did you do it?

Sorian: No. For ssssome reason, they knew I wasss behind them.

Smith: How could they?

Sorian: All I know wasss that two people from the four I recognize.

Smith: You mean you seen their race?

Sorian: Yesss. One of them was a Ctarl-Ctarl warrior.

Smith: A Ctarl-Ctarl?!?!

	Boba Fett heard that and was listening carefully to the 
conversation.

Smith: What about the other?

Sorian: There wasss no missstaken thisss one. A woman who I believe 
isss from the planet Jurai.

Smith: You got to be kidding me. A Jurai girl on Valron?! She had to be 
captured or something.

Sorian: I doubt that, my friend. 

Boba Fett: Tell me, Sorian. Where did you spot these four?

Sorian: Huh? Boba Fett?! What are you doing here?!?!

Boba Fett: You didn't answer my question. Where did you spot this Jurai 
woman and the Ctarl-Ctarl warrior?

Sorian: Uh, it looked like they were heading to the eassst side of the 
city. 

Boba Fett: Thanks. 

	Then, Boba Fett grabbed him by the throat and threw him across 
the bar crashing into the glass wall.

Smith:(shaking) Uh,...why did you do that?

Boba Fett: Let's just say that he has ruined my day.

	Boba Fett leaves the tip and left the bar. He now was told of the 
arrival of our unexpected guests. With this sudden change in plans, he 
has to get the prisoners and take them in to collect his bounty from 
them. Meanwhile, the gang was getting nearer to the location of where 
Boba Fett's ship is.

Suzuka: How much further, Tenchi?

Tenchi: The signal is getting stronger. So, we must be getting close to 
it.

Ayeka: I hope so. The sooner we find Gene and Gyoko, the better.

	The four continued on towards the port where they hope to find 
the ship. Once they entered the port, Tenchi looked at the scanner and 
it was telling them the direction of where the device is. Soon enough, 
they come across the target of the whole search. Boba Fett's ship, 
Slave I, was there in one piece.

Aisha: Is this it?

Tenchi: There's no denying it. The scanner tells us the device that 
Dennis putted on the ship is definitely giving off a signal and it's 
coming from that ship.

Suzuka: It's that bounty hunter's ship, no doubt. 

Ayeka: But, where is Gene and Ryoko? Are they inside?

Tenchi: Let's find out.

	They looked around the ship to find a device or something to open 
the door into the ship. 

Tenchi: Find anything?

Suzuka: Nothing that can open this ship.

Aisha: Perhaps he has a remote control to this thing.

Ayeka: It could be possible.

Tenchi: Great. We finally find our ship and we can't even open the 
thing.

	As the four pondered on how to open the door, the door at the 
back of the ship opened up.

Tenchi: Well, about time. Who found the switch?

Aisha: I didn't.

Suzuka: Not me.

Ayeka: Me neither. But, who opened the door?

Boba Fett: It was me.

Everyone: Huh?

	They look above them to see Boba Fett on top of his ship looking 
down at the gang.

Boba Fett: I'm surprised that you have found me so far away from your 
home.

Tenchi: Where's Ryoko and Gene Starwind, bounty hunter?

Boba Fett: They are inside the ship. But, you won't get to them.

Aisha: You wanna bet?

Suzuka: We can't underestimate him, you guys. Remember, a bounty hunter 
never fights fair.

Tenchi: Thanks for the tip.

Boba Fett: I was wondering how you found me way out here in the 
universe. Once I saw this,....

	Holds the device, that Dennis planted on his ship, in his hands.

Boba Fett: ....I realized that I was too careless around you people. 
But, I won't make that mistake twice.

Suzuka: So, are you going to stand and gawk or do we take our friends 
without defeating you?

Boba Fett: You are a tough one, aren't you? I would rather take it out 
on you instead of the rest. 

Tenchi: You won't just fight her, you'll fight with me.

Ayeka: Tenchi, what are you doing?!

Tenchi: You guys get Gene and Ryoko and get out of here.

Aisha: And leave you with him?! Forget about it!

Suzuka: She's right. I'll hold him off while you rescue the two.

Tenchi: Are you sure?

Suzuka: Yeah. Not only that, I want to shut this guy up.

Boba Fett: It doesn't matter who I fight, it's all going to end up the 
same way and that is dead!!!

	Boba Fett pulls out Gene's Caster gun and started firing at the 
four. They split up as Tenchi went with Aisha and Ayeka was with 
Suzuka.

Aisha: I can't believe that he has Gene's gun!

Tenchi: How are we gonna get to the ship if he is shooting at us?

Aisha: Suzuka better do something. After all, she wanted to fight him 
in the first place.

	As Boba Fett continues to fire upon them, Suzuka sneakily goes 
behind some crates dodging Boba Fett's vision. She comes out and gotten 
his attention in which he starts to fire at her. Ayeka quickly goes 
over where Tenchi and Aisha are.

Ayeka: Now, Tenchi. We have to go to the ship right now.

Tenchi: What's Suzuka doing?

Ayeka: Taking the action of distracting the bounty hunter.

Aisha: Good enough for me. Let's go, Tenchi.

	Tenchi left with Aisha as they headed for the entrance of the 
ship. They went in and they started to look for Gene and Ryoko. Aisha 
finally spotted them in the corner and were out on their feet.

Aisha: Tenchi, I found them! I found them!

	Tenchi went to Aisha and sees the two still in the restraints 
setup by Boba Fett.

Tenchi: We have to break these things in order to set them free.

Aisha: Let me do that part.

	Aisha went to Ryoko first and grabbed the restraint. She pulled 
as hard as she can as she uses her Ctarl-Ctarl strength to break it. 
She finally did and Ryoko woke up.

Ryoko: Huh? Wha? 

Tenchi: Ryoko, are you alright?

Ryoko: Huh? Tenchi? Is that really you?

Tenchi:(smiles) Yes, Ryoko. We finally found you.

Ryoko: Oh, am I glad to see you!

	Ryoko went to hug Tenchi and hug him tight.

Ryoko: I waited for you to come and here you are.

Tenchi:(struggling) Ryoko,....can't....breathe!

Ryoko: Oh. Sorry.

	Ryoko releases her grab on Tenchi. Aisha was able to break the 
restraints that were on Gene Starwind.

Aisha: Wake up, you lunkhead! This is no time to sleep.

Gene:(groans) If that who I think it is, then I'm going to get her the 
next morning.

Aisha: Yep. He's awake.

Gene: Huh? Tenchi? Aisha? You....you came after us?

Tenchi: Of course. We're friends, aren't we?

Gene: Thanks, man. I'll repay you for this one day.

	Gene extended his hand so that he can shake Tenchi's hand. Tenchi 
smiled and shook Gene's hand.

Tenchi: We have to celebrate later. Suzuka is keeping that bounty 
hunter busy and he's using Gene's gun.

Ryoko: Well, now that I'm free, he's going to feel what it's like when 
I get pushed too far!

Aisha: Hold on, Ryoko. We may know you are tough and all, but you must 
understand that you aren't capable to fight him, not in this state.

Ryoko: Why not?

Gene: Did you look at yourself in the mirror lately? We haven't ate 
anything when we got captured. Believe me, if I ate something, I would 
show that bounty hunter a thing or two.

Tenchi: Gene's right, Ryoko. You can't fight him now. However, we must 
return back to the Outlaw Star and get out of here.

Aisha: Well put. I'll lead the way and follow me. We have to get out 
safely before Boba Fett finds out.

	The plan was successful as Gene and Ryoko were finally rescued 
and were about to leave Boba Fett's ship. However, Suzuka was still 
dodging Boba Fett's fire and was about to attack at any moment.

Boba Fett: You can't keep this up forever, lady. Sooner or later, I'll 
get you!

Suzuka: That or I'll get you!

	Suzuka went on the attack as she jumps from one crate to the next 
which lead up to the ship. Boba Fett was surprised by this and 
continued to fire, but still missing Suzuka. Suzuka finally made it to 
the top and snatched the gun out of Boba Fett's hand and hitting him 
with a kick to the head knocking him off his ship. Suzuka sees the gang 
with Gene and Ryoko. She rushes to them and landed in front of them. 

Gene: Suzuka. Glad to see you again.

Suzuka: I believe this is yours.

	She gives Gene his Castor gun back.

Gene: What about him?

Suzuka: I only slowed him down. We must get out quickly and return to 
the Outlaw Star.

	Once they exited out of the ports, Ryo-Ohki knew what to do and 
transformed into a spaceship. Meanwhile, Boba Fett comes out of the 
rubble that he was in and raced to see where was Suzuka at. But, he 
passes the entrance door and looks inside to see no Gene Starwind and  
Ryoko.

Boba Fett: What?! My prisoners! They're gone! Where are those cowards?!

	Boba Fett races to the exit of the place and tries to find the 
gang who have taken Gene and Ryoko. They were nowhere in site, however, 
but he sees something in the sky apparently leaving the site.

Boba Fett: So, they think they can get away, huh? Well, I'll show them 
why no one should mess with me. 

	He heads back into the port and heads for his ship.

Boba Fett: And just in case I happen to not get them, I'll leave a 
message for all the bounty hunters and thiefs on Valron telling them a 
ship is in space with the two greatest bountys in the universe.

	As he was about to take off in his ship, Ryo-Ohki was making 
tracks heading back to the Outlaw Star which was still in space and 
stopped in its tracks. Once it got closer, Ryo-Ohki teleported everyone 
off the ship and into Gene's ship. She reverted back to cabbit form and 
joined up with the rest who were happy to be back on the ship again.

Gene: Boy, it sure feels good to be back on the ship.

Dennis: Welcome back, Gene.

Ryoko: I'm surprised that everyone came after us. How were you able to 
find us so far in this universe?

Tenchi: It's long story once we get home. 

Jim: Hey, Gene. Dennis has been taken command of the Outlaw Star while 
you were gone.

Gene: He has?

Jim: Yep.

	Dennis was slightly blushing.

Dennis:(clears throat) Only doing what is right.

Gene: And what a good job you did. I'm surprised that you have the 
capability to command the ship, Dennis.

Dennis: Well, at some times, I was beginning to enjoy being in your 
chair.

Aisha: Liar. You loved every minute of it.

Washu: That's true.

Dennis: The truth is that I had to do what is right and I had to lead 
this group to save you and Ryoko.

Gene: Thanks, Dennis. If I ever find the time, I'll repay you for this.

Dennis: Forget about it. You don't have to.

Ayeka: I wish we can have this conversation a little longer, but I want 
to return back home.

Tenchi: I agree. 

Gene: Then, what are we waiting for?

Gilliam: Pardon me, everyone. But, report to the bridge immediately!

	Everyone wasn't sure what that was about, but they did head for 
the bridge. Once they got there, on screen was a ship that was heading 
their way fast.

Gilliam: Boba Fett is approaching our location. 3 minutes before his 
arrival.

Gene: I guess it's time to show him what happens when he mess with me. 
Everyone, to your stations! Dennis, you and the rest head back to the 
kitchen and stay there!

Dennis: No, I'll stay up here. I might help you.

Suzuka: How?

Dennis: By using my HellSpawn powers. It can aide us on some parts like 
when and where he is about to hit us.

Jim: You can do that?

Dennis: Well, actually I never use my tactics in space before. 

Aisha: Great. We're doomed!

Gene: Alright, Dennis. If you say that you can help us, stay up here. 
The rest head to the kitchen.

Washu: Okay. Let's go.

	Washu lead the rest back to the kitchen while Dennis stays on the 
bridge of the Outlaw Star. Slave I was approaching Gene's ship and is 
about to engage into battle with the Outlaw Star.

Jim: He's closing in, Gene.

Gene: Raise the shields and unleash the grappler arms.

	The commands were in and the grappler arms under the ship were 
unleashed. The right arm has an axe while the left has the laser gun. 

Melfina: Grappler arms are deployed and armed.

Suzuka: What is the plan, Gene?

Gene: Defeat him, as far as I'm concerned.

Dennis: You're going head-on with him?

Gene: Whatever it takes to take him out.

Jim: Yeah, but he's no pushover, Gene. I mean, he's a world class 
bounty hunter!

Aisha: I hope you're not thinking of ramming him, are you?

Gene: No. That's the last thing I'm thinking about.

Gilliam: Boba Fett is preparing to attack.

Gene: Let's see what he can do first and try to out manuever him later.

Jim: Good idea.

	Gene controlled the Outlaw Star and moved out from its position. 
The Slave I was on its tail as it was following it and was preparing to 
fire. Once it got close enough, Boba Fett uses his laser cannons and it 
was on target shaking the ship up.

Aisha: Did that came from his ship?

Suzuka: It did. I can't imagine a bounty hunter having so much power.

Gene: The man does his job well and gets paid in return. In which, he 
uses his pay to get more weapons.

Jim: Who wouldn't?

Dennis: Can we shake him?

Gene: Don't know. He's pretty skillful with his ship.

Jim: We have to get behind him in order to inflict some damage onto 
him.

Aisha: How can we? He won't get off our backs!

Dennis: I believe this is where I come in.

Gene: Huh?

	Dennis was soon concentrating on his HellSpawn powers as black 
spikes come out and covered him in up in HellSpawn armor.

Suzuka: What are you planning on doing?

Dennis: I'm going to blind Boba Fett by using my power. It should be 
long enough for you to get behind him.

Jim: Then, let's do it.

Dennis: Just make sure you guys don't look directly at me. I'll blind 
you as well.

Gene: Okay. Do what you got to do.

	As Gene and the others shut their eyes, Dennis focused his energy 
and sends it throughout the bridge. Boba Fett was closing in, but soon 
saw something green coming from the ship. It grew big as it blinds Boba 
Fett entirely making him lose sight of the Outlaw Star. The power 
diminishes and the gang opened their eyes.

Dennis: Gene, turn left now!

Gene: Right!

	The Outlaw Star turned hard left as Slave I didn't see it. Boba 
Fett was still covering his eyes as he begins to recover from the light 
blinding him.

Boba Fett: What the?! What was that? Whatever it was,...huh? It's gone! 
But, how?! They couldn't gone into lightspeed that fast!

	Then, the ship shook up and Boba Fett was looking at his console 
for a reason.

Boba Fett: Huh?! They are behind me?! But, how did they?!

	The blasts that were hitting Slave I are still effecting the 
concentration of Boba Fett. 

Gene: We finally have him on the run, for a change.

Suzuka: Let's see how he feels being the hunted.

	Boba Fett was now trying to escape from the Outlaw Star, but it 
couldn't escape the incredible speed of the Outlaw Star. 

Jim: Aisha, charge up the laser gun on the grappler arm.

Aisha: What for?

Jim: I have an idea.

Gene: Tell us.

Jim: If the laser gun aims a blast at a precise location on the ship, 
it should disrupt that bounty hunter's ship control for awhile.

Dennis: Long enough to attack at his ship.

Gene: We hope. Let's go with the plan.

	Aisha did so as she charge the laser gun to its limit and has it 
targeted at Boba Fett.

Melfina: Laser charge-up complete.

Gene: Fire!

	A blast went off and it hits Slave I from behind. It sent 
electric impulses throughout the ship. 

Boba Fett: What's this? My systems are short-circuiting! How is this 
possible?! 

	From the bridge view, smoke was coming from Slave I.

Gene: We got em!

Gilliam: The status on the ship is very difficult to know, but the 
ship's main weapons are off-line for the time being.

Jim: What about his defenses?

Gilliam: Uncertain at the moment.

Dennis: What do you decide, Gene?

Gene: What else? Eliminate him.

Suzuka: That isn't wise, Gene.

Gene: Come on, Suzuka. He captured me and Ryoko so that he can collect 
the bounty. He didn't care for us or anyone else! We should let him 
know how we felt by ripping him apart.

Jim: Come on, Gene. This isn't you and you know it. We can't act like 
him. 

Aisha: He's right. Even Ctarl-Ctarls sometimes show remorse even if 
someone has been cruel to us.

Gene:(sighs) Dennis? Are you going to add your comments?

Dennis: Don't need to. You have to make a decision and do it quick. 
Boba Fett isn't going to fly there forever.

Gene: Alright. What do you think that we should do?

Dennis: Hmm. Attack one of his wings. It should disable him and have a 
disavantage.

Gene: Got it.

Melfina: Hurry. He's beginning to gain control.

	Gene heard it and didn't waste anytime as he flies in closer to 
Boba Fett's ship. He took control one of the grappler arms that has the 
axe. He made it get into position and when he was close enough, he 
attacks the wing of the Slave I cutting it off with the axe. Boba Fett 
begins to spin out of control.

Boba Fett: System failing?! No!! This can't be?! How can I be defeated 
by an outlaw?!?! I have to escape while I can! But, this isn't over 
between you and me, Gene Starwind! Mark my words, Gene. I'm going to 
get you and when I do, you will be mine for the taking!!

	Boba Fett had no choice but to get his ship straighten out and 
fly off as he leaves the Outlaw Star. Everyone was happy to see Boba 
Fett leave with his tail caught between his legs.

Jim: He's leaving!

Gene: We did it.

Dennis: Yeah. 

Aisha: Boy. That was tough.

Suzuka: Probably. But, we did whatever we could to stop him and hurt 
him long enough to make him leave with his head still on.

Gene: Dennis, go tell the others that we are safe and about to head 
home.

Melfina: Hold on, Gene! I'm picking up a signal.

Gene: What is it?

Melfina: A ship is closing in.

Jim: You're kidding! Is it him?

Melfina: No, it's not. However, I'm sensing more than one ship.

Aisha: How many?

Melfina: It's....nearly 40 ships heading our way!

Gene and Jim: 40?!?!?!

Suzuka: But, I thought we are safe up here.

Dennis: We were. But, somehow Boba Fett had the last laugh after all. 
He must've told the whole gang about the bounty on Gene and Ryoko.

Gene: Why that no good, low-down,..!!

Aisha: Scum?

Gene: Yeah.

Jim: How long before those ships reach us?

Gilliam: About 5 minutes. I suggest we head back to Earth while we 
still have a chance to escape.

Gene: Gee, why didn't I think of that?

Dennis: We should take lightspeed as soon as possible.

Jim: We are, but there's a problem.

Dennis: Which is?

Melfina: It takes 4 minutes.

Dennis: And how long before those ships gets here?

Gilliam: 3.5 minutes.

Gene: We have to be careful before we go into lightspeed. That's how we 
arrived on Earth by crashing.

Dennis: Right. So, how do we escape from those ships?

	Soon, Washu enters the bridge.

Washu: Are we there yet?

Dennis: Washu, what are you doing here?

Washu: Are we home yet?

Gene: Not yet. We have a little problem. 

Washu: What is it?

Jim: Well, the good news is that we beaten Boba Fett and that he has 
retreated. But, the bad news is that he told the bounty hunter club on 
Valron about the prices on Gene and Ryoko's head.

Washu: Whoa. Can we escape?

Dennis: Yeah, but the lightspeed system won't ready for about 3 more 
minutes.

Gene: And those ships will reach us before we ever do. We need some 
time to set up lightspeed.

Washu: Hmm. I believe I may have a way.

Jim: What do you got?

Washu: Remember back on Earth that we were using some parts to repair 
the ship?

Gene: Of course.

Washu: Well, I brought something else on board that I thought it 
wouldn't be useful, but I think it is now.

Dennis: What is it?

Washu: My smoke distraction device.

Aisha: Can you launch it?

Washu: Yes. I have the remote right here.

Gene: Well, don't just stand there! Launch the blasted thing!

Washu: Not in that tone, mister!

Dennis: Uh,....Gene, you better say "Little Washu" and say you're 
sorry.

Gene: How come?

Dennis: Just do it!

Gene:(sighs) I apoligize, little Washu. Would you set the device off?

Washu:(smiles) That's better. 

	Washu pushes the button and a device which was attached to the 
back of the ship on the outside was released heading for the group of 
ships heading their way. It exploded and it sent a smoke screen in 
front of the ships blinding the flyers in them. It caused them to fly 
out of direction and some ran into each other causing an explosion. 

Washu: Now, am I the greatest scientist in the universe or what?

Gene: Nice work. 

Melfina: Settings on lightspeed systems are set.

Jim: Everything's ready to go, Gene.

Gene: Coordinates set to Earth?

Melfina: Yes.

Gene: Then, let's head back to Earth!

	Gene turns on the lightspeed system and were on their way back to 
planet Earth. They were zooming through space like a bullet as the 
stars goes past them in a blur. It would seem that the gang were safe 
from the ships that were after them and safe from the bounty hunter, 
Boba Fett. Several hours past as the Outlaw Star finally came out of 
lightspeed and were passing the moon which is above the planet Earth. 
The crew of Outlaw Star and Tenchi with company have finally made it 
home after a rough travel across the universe. They headed straight for 
Earth and headed for Japan where Tenchi's household still stood after 
all this time. The ground where the ship crash landed in the beginning 
was still there and it would take some time to fix that up. The Outlaw 
Star landed on the ground in front of Tenchi's household and the door 
opened up as Tenchi and company finally exited out of the ship and 
Ryoko started kissing the ground.

Ryoko:(kissing sound) It's so good to be back home!

Tenchi: We can see that, Ryoko.

Washu: Well, what should we do now that we are back home?

Sasami: We should have a party for having Ryoko back!

Dennis: Yeah and we can invite Gene and the crew as well.

Kiyone: I don't know. They are anxious to head back into space now that 
we are home safely.

Gene: I don't know, Kiyone.

	Kiyone turned around and Gene with the rest steps up to the 
group.

Gene: Having a party does sound pretty tempting.

Sasami: Great! I'll go get things set up.

Melfina:(chuckles) You're not doing it alone, Sasami.

	Sasami and Melfina went into the house to start cooking some food 
for the gang.

Tenchi: I hope this doesn't cause any trouble, Gene. Don't you have to 
get back into space or something?

Gene: Yeah, but we can't leave without having something in our 
stomachs.

Aisha: As always, Gene thinks with his stomach.

Gene: For once, I agree with you, Aisha.

Aisha:(surprised) You do?

Jim: That's a first.

Ryoko: Nothing wrong with that. I agree with Gene on having food. Heck, 
I haven't eaten, for what feels like, a week. 

Ayeka: If that's true, then that's a first as well.

Ryoko: What do you mean by that?

Ayeka: I mean that with you around, the food doesn't disappear in a 
day!

Ryoko: You're telling me that I'm a pig, Ayeka?!

Ayeka: You're a pig, Ryoko!! A big, fat pirate pig! That's what you 
are!

Ryoko: Well, who in the house eats bon-bons while watching Soap Operas 
every week?!

Ayeka:(shocked) Huh? Well,...I can't help it. Soap Operas always makes 
me want to eat. Besides, at least they are low fat!

Ryoko: Low fat?! You got to be kidding! You're big as a house, Ayeka!!

Ayeka:(blushing and stuttering) Why....why....why....why I never!

Ryoko: Watch out, Tenchi.(laughs) She's going to explode!!

Ayeka: That's it!!

	Then, Ayeka tackles Ryoko down and they started fighting on the 
ground with everyone looking on in shock.

Gene: Is there anyway for those two to get along, Tenchi?

Tenchi: Trust me. If there was a way, it would've been done a long time 
ago.

	After breaking up the two rivals, Sasami soon called for everyone 
to come in as the food was ready. They went in and see a spectacular 
table of food waiting for them. As the party continued on, Tenchi and 
the girls were talking to Gene and the others about what's in space, 
who did they bump into and who were friendly. Aisha was eating with 
Ryo-Ohki, for some reason unknown. After the food has been ate and the 
conversations were drawn to a close, everyone decided to hit the hay 
and get a good night's rest. Morning came and it was time for Gene and 
the crew of the Outlaw Star to head back into space to continue their 
adventure. Tenchi and company got all together to bid farewell to their 
new friends from space. They walked up to the gang and Gene was the 
first to extend his hand in friendship and Tenchi returned the honor by 
shaking his hand.

Gene: Until the next time we meet, Tenchi Masaki.

Tenchi: Same here, Gene Starwind.

Suzuka: Farewell, Princess Ayeka of Jurai. You've been a great help to 
us all.

Ayeka: It was an honor to do so, Suzuka. 

Jim: Keep inventing those wacky inventions, little Washu.

Washu: If I ever become the greatest in the universe, I'm sure I'll 
give you a call.

Jim:(slight chuckle and gives thumbs up) You bet.

	Sasami hands Melfina a paper.

Melfina: What's this?

Sasami: One of my recipes. Keep that and you will have Jim and Gene 
asking for seconds.

Melfina:(smiles) Or thirds.

	Dennis went up to Gene and shook his hand as well.

Dennis: So long, Gene.

Gene: Yeah. You know, Dennis. If you have your own ship and crew, you 
could be the best captain in space.

Dennis: True. But, I don't want the chance of bumping into you. You 
could blast me down before I even have the chance to fire.

Gene: Well, that could happen.

Tenchi: Hey, Gene. Where's Aisha?

Gene: Huh? Where is she? She was with us a minute ago. Did she....? Oh. 
There she is.

	Tenchi sees Aisha Clan-Clan having a small talk with Ryo-Ohki.

Dennis: I see Aisha can't stop talking to Ryo-Ohki.

Gene: Yeah. Well, this is it. We have to go.

Tenchi: Okay. You better watch yourself, okay?

Gene: Right. Jim, rally everyone up.

Jim: You got it. Let's Suzuka, Melfina. Hey, Aisha! We're leaving!

Aisha: Okay!!

	After Aisha pets Ryo-Ohki for the last time, she joined up with 
Gene and the rest as they headed back into the ship. Tenchi and company 
waved good-bye to the crew of Gene Starwind and the Outlaw Star. The 
engines started up and the ship got off the ground and slowly headed 
back into the sky. Dennis starts to wonder if Gene was right about him 
having the capability to lead a crew. He could be right, but right now, 
that doesn't matter because he is fine where he is with his wife and 
friends. The Outlaw Star finally gotten the altitude it needed and Gene 
hits the gas as they head into space to see what's in store for them 
the next day. But one thing is for sure, Gene and the crew will never 
forget their friendship they had with Tenchi and company.









THE END
