	Our story begins where in Japan, a young boy named Tenchi Masaki 
is working at the Masaki Shrine. While working there, he leaves with 
six ladies at his household. Unfortunately, those six ladies tend to 
turn the place upside down with their antics. A couple of months ago, 
they met up with a person who had mysterious power that they have never 
seen before. They welcomed this person into their household only to 
realize that he was running, not traveling, from an enemy that has the 
power to destroy him. Since Tenchi understood his problem, they decided 
to help him in order to defeat this hunter who is hunting him down all 
over the world. The battle persuaded into the forest and the hunter 
which was sent down by Heaven was defeated by a HellSpawn named Dennis 
Mitchell. Since then, they sometimes think of him at times when he was 
at their household helping them out with their regular chores. But, he 
left in order to continue his own journey and keep Tenchi and the rest 
out of harms way including leaving Washu, his one true love. Back at 
the present, it would seem that Tenchi and the rest will be in another 
battle that may save the planet. As Tenchi continues to sweep the 
pathway to the Shrine, Ryoko appeared next to him.

Ryoko: Hi, Tenchi.

Tenchi:(screams) Do you have to do that every time?!

Ryoko: Not really. But, I want you to see my face first thing in the 
morning.

Tenchi: Believe me, Ryoko. I see your face in the back of my mind 
everyday.

Ryoko: So, when do you plan on coming home? I get pretty lonely in 
there.

Tenchi: Don't you have any chores to do?

Ryoko: Don't worry. That's already been done.

Tenchi: Wow! For real?! You've never finished your chores that fast 
before, Ryoko!

Ryoko: You could say that I've turned over a new leaf.(chuckles)

Ayeka: GET AWAY FROM LORD TENCHI!!!!!

	Tenchi and Ryoko spots a angry Ayeka, Princess of Jurai at the 
steps.

Tenchi: What's the matter, Miss Ayeka?

Ayeka: I'll tell you what's the matter!! She's the problem!!!

	Points to Ryoko.

Ryoko: Oh, sure. Blame something on me that I didn't do.

Ayeka: Wrong, missy! You didn't do your chores! As a matter of fact, 
the bathroom is still a dirty mess!! There's no way I can take a sauna 
in that mess!

Ryoko: You should since you are a Princess of filth!

Ayeka: Why...how dare you speak to me that way?! Don't you know who I 
am?!

Ryoko: A Princess who needs a coffee break?

Tenchi: Girls, come on. First thing in the morning and you already 
going to bring the house down!

Ayeka:(calmed) But, we're not in the house, Lord Tenchi.

Tenchi: That's not what I meant. I mean you two are going to fight over 
a little thing like cleaning the bathroom. Ryoko, I need you to clean 
that bathroom. Can you do it?

Ryoko:(smiles) Anything for you, Tenchi.

	Ryoko then disappears in front of them.

Ayeka: Pardon my rudeness, Lord Tenchi.

Tenchi: Forget about it, Miss Ayeka. This is what they called "Morning 
grumpiness".

Ayeka: Oh. If that's true, then I guess I have it as well. I'll be 
heading back to finish my chores.

Tenchi: Okay.

	Ayeka starts to head back to the household. Meanwhile at the 
household, Sasami, Princess Ayeka's sister, goes to the entrance door 
that leads to Washu's lab. She knocks a couple of times and waited for 
Washu's answer. Nothing happened. Then, she opened the door and begins 
to descend down the stairs. Once she arrives down there, she looks all 
over for Washu to see why didn't answer. Sasami saw her at her working 
station busy as usual on the computer console thinking up a new idea 
for some wacky machine.

Washu: You weren't asked to come down.

Sasami: Huh? But, you didn't answer my knocking.

Washu: I apologize. I was too busy thinking up something brillant that 
will provide for the human race.

Sasami: Well, I came down to tell you that Tenchi was planning a big 
dinner later on and I was wondering if you will be attending. 

Washu: I suppose I can come.

Sasami:(smiles) You will?

Washu:(sighs) Yeah.

Sasami: Huh? What's wrong?

Washu: Nothing.

Sasami: Come on, Washu. There's nothing that world's greatest scientist 
in the universe can hide from me. Let me guess. You're thinking about 
him, aren't you?

Washu:(smiles) If you are implying to Dennis, Your guess is correct.

Sasami: You miss him, don't you?

Washu: Yes. His smile would bring out the warmth in me. I understood 
what he had to do, but he did it out of kindness and loyalty.

Sasami: Do you think that we'll see him again?

Washu: That's for him to decide. But, when the time is right, he will 
return and make us happy once more.

Sasami: Do you promise to keep a secret?

Washu: Sure.

Sasami: Well, I kind of miss him as well. He was so kind to me and 
never gets mad about anything.

Washu: That's because he's the person who wouldn't get upset about 
anything. He's a one in a million, I tell you that.

Sasami: I got to go and make up the food to cook since you are 
attending.

Washu: I'm sure that you will cook something special for tonight.

Sasami:(giggles) You know I will.

	As Sasami goes back up the kitchen, Washu can only think of the 
memories that she had with Dennis from time to time. Elsewhere, Ryoko 
was continuing to clean the bathroom which contains the sauna, thanks 
to the interdimensional portal done by Washu. While cleaning, the door 
opens and in comes Ayeka with a smile on her face.

Ryoko: Why are you so cheery all of a sudden?

Ayeka: What do you mean?

Ryoko: First, you went and told Tenchi that I didn't do my chores, then 
you come in here acting like the happy Easter bunny!

Ayeka: Well, if you must know, I was remembering the good times that I 
had with Dennis. You remember Dennis, don't you?

Ryoko: Hmm. Oh, yeah. Now, I remember. He was the one who defeated that 
hunter from heaven, right?

Ayeka: Right. If I recall, he was the one who fell in love with Washu.

Ryoko: Now that is something I won't forget. What I still want to know 
is does Washu still care for him even though he left?

Ayeka: Absolutely. You should never forget someone you love, especially 
Tenchi.

Ryoko: Now, hold on there, Princess. You didn't have to bring Tenchi in 
this!! Besides, Tenchi is my true love.

Ayeka: Oh, no he's not, you space thief!!!

Ryoko: Don't get in my face, miss goody two-shoes!!!

Ayeka: You have some nerve talking to me that way!! If I had the power, 
I would take you out this instant!!!

Ryoko: What's holding you back, then?! Chicken?! 

Ayeka: That's it!!! You're going to get it!!!

Mihoshi: Um,... excuse me?

Ryoko and Ayeka:(angrily) What is it?!?!

Mihoshi: When is that suana going to be ready?

	Both Ayeka and Ryoko cooled down and continued to stare down one 
another.

Ayeka: My business in here is already done. You can have it, Mishoshi.

Mihoshi: Thanks!

	Cheerfully as she is, Mihoshi wasted no time taking the bath 
towel off and jumping into the suana bath. Ayeka made her exit out of 
the room still having an upset look on her face.

Ryoko: The nerve of that woman!! 

	As the day progress into the night, Tenchi planned for a big 
dinner so that they could enjoy a good time tonight. Sasami was 
preparing the meal as usual and the girls setup the table before the 
food is served. Just before it was time to eat, Tenchi went outside to 
look at the stars and think of happy thoughts. Washu just happened to 
see him outside and decided to go out there to talk to him.

Washu: What are you doing?

Tenchi: Oh. You scared me, little Washu. I was just looking at the 
stars and hoping to catch a fallen star.

Washu: Well, you won't catch any tonight. The only thing you will be 
catching is a cold. Come on in so that you can have a hot dinner.

Tenchi: By the way, I have a question to ask, it's your choice if you 
want to answer it?

Washu: Sure. What is it?

Tenchi: Do you miss Dennis?

Washu:(sighs)

Tenchi: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to....

Washu: No. You have every right to ask me that. To tell you the truth, 
I sometimes dream about him returning back here one of these days. 
Unfortunately, he won't be there when I wake up. I maybe busy at 
sometimes, but I'll always remember him by heart.

Tenchi: You really loved him, didn't you?

Washu: With all my heart. He was a one in a million to catch me, the 
greatest scientist in the universe!(chuckles)

Tenchi:(raindrop over his head) Right. Let's go in and grab some food.

Washu: Let's just hope the other cannibals haven't taken it yet!

	Tenchi and Washu heads back inside to go have dinner. Soon, 
dinner was served and everyone was happy to see the delicious food that 
Sasami cooked up. Everyone grabbed what they wanted to eat and chowed 
down on it. Everything was going swell until Washu's remote control 
device blips off in her pocket. 

Ryoko:(mouth full) What in the world is that?!

Washu: It's my shield machine. It signaling me that someone has entered 
our territory.

Tenchi: Say what?! Where?

Washu: I need to go to the lab to find out!

Ryoko: Don't leave us out, Washu. We're coming as well.

	Everyone headed to Washu's lab to see where is the location of 
the intruder.

Washu: Wherever this intruder be, it's definitely making my sensors 
hard to find it.

Ayeka: What happens if this thing is in the house?

Washu: Don't think so. I have my own alarm that will warn us if someone 
is in the house.

Sasami: Wait! What's that?!

	Sasami points to a location where it seems to be empty.

Tenchi: What is it, Sasami?

Sasami: Something is there. I can feel it.

Washu: What location, Sasami?

Sasami: Um....the woods. Try the woods.

	Washu typed in the new order and in a few seconds, it picks up a 
individual in the forest near the Masaki Shrine.

Washu: So far, the intruder is in the woods. We have to find it and 
stop it at all costs.

Ryoko:(smiles evilly) Music to my ears!

	They headed out and went to the forest in search of the intruder. 
Washu lead the way as she had the device which was directing them 
towards the intruder's location. As they approach closer and closer, 
they hear noises that they never heard before, which was making Mihoshi 
scared all over. Minutes later, they arrive at the location of where 
the intruder was at. The only problem was that the intruder was not 
there.

Ryoko: Where is the intruder?

Washu: I don't know. My scanners don't pick up anything.

Ayeka: Something's not right. What's in this area that the intruder is 
looking for.

Ryoko: If you ask me, there's probably something hidden that can't be 
found by us.

Washu: I hate to say it, but Ryoko's right.

Ryoko:(surprised) I am?

Washu: We need to go around this area, but don't go far. We can't 
afford to be separated. Besides, I think the intruder might be still 
here.

	The gang spread out and try to uncover anything that might give a 
clue on what the intruder was here for. Mihoshi didn't like to dig so 
she just walked around humming to herself. Kiyone was right behind her.

Kiyone: We have to find something out of the ordinary, Mihoshi. 
Mihoshi? Are you listening?

Mihoshi: I'm sorry, Kiyone. What were you saying?

Kiyone:(groans) Nevermind. Just continue what you were doing, but don't 
go too far, okay?

Mihoshi: Okay. Huh?

	Out of the corner of Mihoshi's eye, she spots something shiny 
near the bushes.

Mihoshi: Kiyone. I think I found something.

Kiyone: What is it?

Mihoshi: I don't know. I'll try to pull it out.

	Mihoshi goes in and pulls an orange ball with a star in it.

Kiyone: What is that?

Mihoshi: Beats me, Kiyone. We better report this to Washu.

Kiyone: Right.

Mihoshi:(inhales and screams) MISS WASHU, WE FOUND SOMETHING!!!!!

Kiyone:(covers Mihoshi's mouth) Not like that, you idiot!!!!!

	Everyone heard Mihoshi's yell and hurries to find her. Minutes 
later, they arrive at her location.

Washu: Are you crazy?!?! The intruder might still be here!!

Mihoshi: Whoops.

Kiyone: It's a little late for that, Mihoshi.

Tenchi: I haven't heard anything yet. Perhaps it left.

Ryoko: I doubt it.

	The sensor device blips off.

Washu: You must be psychic, Ryoko, because it is and it's heading to 
our location!

Tenchi: Everyone hide!

Washu: Mihoshi, you stand right there and don't move.

Kiyone: How come?

Washu:(chuckles) She's going to be the bait to lure out the intruder.

Ryoko: Good idea.

Kiyone: Same here. Scram!!!!

	As everyone took cover, Mihoshi was still standing in her 
position as she was terrified from head to toe awaiting the intruder to 
come get what Mihoshi found. Washu continues to look at her sensor 
device as she views the location of the intruder and how far is it to 
Mihoshi's location. It got closer and closer until it appeared in front 
of Mihoshi. Mihoshi closed her eyes, being scared and all, and froze 
from her position. The intruder went in to grab what Mihoshi got in her 
hand. Then, Washu stood up and launched an invention of hers at the 
intruder. It came on and formed a shield bubble around the intruder, 
making it impossible for it to escape. The gang comes out of hiding and 
looks on at the intruder.

Ryoko: We got em!

Tenchi: Is Mihoshi all right?

Washu: Yes. As usual, she scares herself very easily. 

	The intruder was trying to escape from the shield bubble.

Ayeka: Will that hold, Miss Washu?

Washu: It should. Nothing can penetrate the bubble.(laughing)

Intruder: That's what you think!

Washu: Huh?!

	Then, the intruder unleashed a sword and sliced the main system 
of the shield bubble, causing it to short out. The intruder was free 
and stood firm in front of Tenchi and company. The intruder looked 
rather young to Tenchi and the gang.

Ayeka: Goodness. It appears that the intruder is a teenager.

Ryoko: Boy. You can't trust your kids these days.

Washu: Look who's talking.

Tenchi: Look, whatever you came here for, we don't have anything.

Intruder: Yes, you do. She has it.

	Points to Mihoshi.

Ayeka: What is that?

Intruder: It's a Dragonball. I need it before someone else gets it.

Tenchi: A Dragonball? What's that?

Intruder: No time to talk. Give.

Ryoko: Not without a fight, kid!

Intruder: Don't underestimate me. You have no idea who you are up 
against.

Ryoko: Oh, I'm scared. A big, tough guy with a sword. I'm terrified of 
you.

Intruder: Just try me.

	Ryoko acted fast and went straight at this intruder with an 
attack. But, this intruder caught Ryoko's fist with one hand and 
smiles. Ryoko tried to escape, but the intruder was still holding 
Ryoko's fist.

Ryoko:(thinking) What in the world?!

Intruder: Ready to surrender?

Ryoko: I'm not surrendering to a boy like you!

Intruder: Suit yourself.

	Then, the intruder pulled Ryoko closer and delivered a knee blow 
to the midsection of Ryoko, causing her to fall onto the ground holding 
her stomach.

Washu: Unbelievable! I haven't seen anyone do that to Ryoko in a long 
time!

Intruder: Now, I don't want to hurt anyone else. All I need is that 
Dragonball and I'll leave.

Tenchi: Wait. Perhaps we can talk about this. 

Intruder: There's no time for that! The more time I waste here, the 
less time I have to stop someone who's collecting them as well.

Ayeka: What do you mean? Someone else is collecting these Dragonballs?

Intruder: Yes. Whoever it is, it has four of them already. I need to 
locate the last three before they are captured as well.

Washu: Is there anyway we can help?

Intruder: You can help by giving me that Dragonball.

Tenchi: We will. But, first, you should come to my home and try to eat 
something. 

Intruder:(confused look) Huh? You want me to go back to your home?

Sasami: Sure. We always have room for more guests at Tenchi's home!

Kiyone: Wait a minute. How can we be sure that we can trust him?

Ayeka: I don't think he can harm us. He doesn't look like one of those 
evil types.

Intruder: Thanks, I think.

Tenchi: So, will you come?

Intruder: I suppose.

Ryoko:(groans) Where....do you...think you're going?

Tenchi: Ryoko, are you all right?

Ryoko: I will be as soon as I wipe the floor with this kid!

Washu: There's no need. He's not a bad guy.

Ryoko:(surprised) Not a bad....! He used a cheap shot on me! A knee to 
the stomach, might I add!

Intruder: Oh. Forgive me about that. I was only using self-defense.

Ryoko:(mumbling) Self-defense, my butt!

Washu: What was that?

Ryoko:(sighs) Nothing.

	So, everyone took the intruder back to Tenchi's house so that he 
can explain what he was doing here and what does the Dragonballs mean.

Ayeka: Here. Have a seat while I get you something to eat.

Sasami: I'll go get some tea.

Tenchi: I hope you are feeling comfortable.

Intruder: This is nice. Thank you.

Washu: Now, let's get back to business. What are these Dragonballs that 
you keep talking about?

Intruder: I don't know that much about them. But, to summarize on what 
they do, this is what I found out.

Ayeka: Here's your plate.

Sasami: And your tea.

Intruder:(smiling) Thanks. (drinks tea) From what I heard, these 
Dragonballs are magical. Once seven of these are together, an Eternal 
Dragon appears who will try to grant the person who summoned it his or 
her wish.

Washu: I see. If this is all true, then why are you collecting them 
before someone else does, Mr....?

Intruder: Oh. My name is Trunks.

Washu: Trunks. Okay. 

Ryoko:(thinking) Odd name for this kid.

Tenchi: Who is the other person that is collecting the Dragonballs, 
Trunks?

Trunks: I don't know. It all happened a couple of days ago. While my 
mom and I were working in our home, our Dragonball radar goes off.

Kiyone: Your what?

Trunks: Our Dragonball radar. Let me show you.

	Trunks pulls out a medium-size contraption.

Washu: Wow. Amazing!

Tenchi: You mean that you can find the Dragonballs with that?

Trunks: Yeah. Watch.

	Trunks hits the top button and the thing comes on, making a 
blipping noise.

Trunks: You see that orange dot with a "1" on it?

Tenchi: Yeah?

Trunks: That indicates that the Dragonball with the "1" star is here. 
Of course, she has it in her possession.

	Everyone looked at Mihoshi holding the Dragonball.

Kiyone: If you have this certain machine to find the Dragonballs, how 
is it that the other person that you spoke of is finding them with 
ease?

Trunks: I don't know. Finding the Dragonballs would take days or weeks 
if you knew where they are. With this, a couple of hours.

Washu: So, what happened when your Dragonball radar went off?

Trunks: Well, my mom checked it and noticed that four of the 
Dragonballs were on the move. That means that someone has found them in 
no time. I had to act fast on getting the other Dragonballs before they 
all get caught. That's when I knew I had to get the other Dragonballs 
before they are found as well. So, the next Dragonball lead me here in 
Japan.

Ayeka: This what's boggles my mind, Trunks.

Ryoko: If you have a mind.

Ayeka: Don't start, Ryoko! (clears throat) Why do you rush on getting 
the Dragonballs when someone else is getting it? I mean, does it come 
to mind that maybe someone else wants a wish from the Eternal Dragon?

Trunks: I have full beliefs that whoever is gathering the Dragonballs, 
is someone evil!

Tenchi: Evil?

Washu: What do you mean?

Trunks: One day, I had a vision for a minute showing me what would 
happen in the next decade or something. I didn't understood it until I 
saw someone gloating over his reign of terror over the world. If the 
person who is gathering the Dragonballs gets its wish, the vision that 
I had will come to reality!

Sasami: Goodness!

Trunks: That's why I need you to give me that Dragonball so that I can 
move on.

Washu: Wait a second. What does the Dragonball radar say about the 
person who has just the four of them?

Trunks: Let me check.

	Trunks checks the radar.

Trunks: Strange. They stopped.

Kiyone: You mean that the Dragonballs that have been collected has 
stopped? Why?

Trunks: I don't know. But, I have to move on in order to stop it!

Tenchi: Hold on, Trunks. You're not going anywhere without us.

Trunks: Huh? What are you talking about?

Washu: We're coming with you.

Trunks: No. That won't be necessary. Besides, you will get hurt.

Ryoko: Kid, we've been through a whole lot of crazy stuff before. 
Whatever you're getting into, won't be any different.

Trunks: I don't know.

Tenchi: Just think about it for awhile and will come back for your 
answer. How's that?

Trunks: Yeah. It will give me time to eat this meal as well.

	Tenchi and company left Trunks alone so that he can eat and make 
a decision on whether or not Trunks can allow Tenchi and the rest to 
tag along. Minutes later, Tenchi goes into the living room and hopes 
for a good answer from Trunks.

Tenchi: Well?

Trunks: It was a rough decision to make, Tenchi. But, after thinking 
about it clearly and knowing my situation in all of this, I guess it 
would be best if I have some company.

Tenchi: Great! I'll go tell the girls!

	Tenchi hurries off the tell the rest the good news. Later in the 
night, everyone was getting tired and sleepy. However for Trunks, he 
has no place to sleep.

Tenchi: The couch would have to be your mattress for tonight, Trunks.

Trunks: That's okay. 

Washu: If you like, you can sleep down in the lab with me.

Ryoko: Oh, no you don't!! You are not going to pull that stunt again!!

Washu:(smiles) I was just kidding, Ryoko. Don't get your hair all up in 
a knot, will ya?

Ryoko:(groans) I hate you, Washu.

Sasami: Good night.

Trunks:(smiles) Good night.

	Everyone went to bed and slept the night away. As time progresses 
into morning, it would be a whole new day for Tenchi and company. 
Sasami was in the kitchen cooking up some breakfast. The smell from the 
kitchen went into the living room, waking up Trunks. He gets up and 
heads for the kitchen.

Trunks: Mmm. Something sure smells good.

Sasami: Oh. Good morning, Trunks. Don't worry. Breakfast will be up in 
awhile. Can you do me a favor?

Trunks: Sure. 

Sasami: I need you to go downstairs and get little Washu.

Trunks: little Washu?

Sasami: Yeah. Sometimes we call her that just to keep her happy.

Trunks: Oh. Okay.(thinking) I think.

	Trunks goes through the door which leads to Washu's lab. He 
descends downstairs passing the water tanks that contains many rare 
animals from distant universes.

Trunks: Man. This Washu character sure loves her pets. 

	Once arriving on solid ground, he looks everywhere for Washu. She 
couldn't be found and it would appear to be hopeless. Then, before he 
heads back upstairs, he caught something out of the corner of his eye. 
He runs towards it and there was a door barely opened. He slowly walked 
up to it to see what was in the room. The light was on and he pushes 
the door inward. When he was able to stick his head into the room, the 
next thing he saw was....little Washu butt naked trying to get her 
clothes on. 

Trunks: Oh, boy.

Washu: Huh?(screams) Get out of here, you nosy person!!!!

	Trunks scrambled to close the door. He face was totally red.

Washu:(behind door) Have you no decency?!?!

Trunks: Uh,....sorry. 

	Trunks runs back upstairs to try not to get into trouble. He 
arrives back upstairs just when Sasami was setting the table.

Sasami: Is she ready?

Trunks: I'll say she's ready.

Sasami: Are you okay? You look like you have seen a ghost.

Trunks: Apparently, it wasn't a ghost. 

Sasami: Then, what?

Trunks: Uh,...nothing. Nevermind,....what's your name again?

Sasami: Sasami.

Trunks: Nevermind, Sasami. I'm fine.

	Trunks knew that he wasn't fine at all after seeing Washu in a 
way that he never saw anyone like that before. But, he had to continue 
on as he waited for everyone to arrive at the table to eat breakfast. 
Tenchi came down cheerfully before Ryoko appeared behind him and 
hugging him.

Ryoko: Morning, Tenchi.

Tenchi: Morning, Ryoko. I see you've been waiting for me all morning, 
haven't you?

Ryoko: Not exactly. You see, I was getting up and I was in a fowl mood 
as usual and I saw you which made me happy all over.(chuckles)

Tenchi: Why am I not surprised? Huh? Hey, Trunks. Good to see you up.

Trunks: Morning, Tenchi.

Ayeka: Miss Ryoko.

Ryoko:(upset) Uh-oh. Here comes Ms. Sunshine.

Ayeka: What are you doing with your arms around Lord Tenchi?

Ryoko: Can't I at least give him a good morning hug, for goodness 
sakes?

Ayeka: Not in my presence!!!

Ryoko:(smiles cleverly) Well, go back upstairs so that I can hug him.

Ayeka: You wish!

Trunks: Excuse me. As much as I want to find out who wins this, but 
could we start eating?

Ayeka: Yes, we can, Trunks. 

Ryoko:(chuckles) Watch out, Trunks. The Princess has the hots for you!

Ayeka:(blushes) Wha..?!?! How can you say that when you know my heart 
belongs to Lord Tenchi?!?!

Ryoko: Come on, Ayeka. I saw you looking at him a few seconds ago. You 
are interested in him.

Ayeka: I was not!!!

Tenchi:(raindrop over his head) This goes on every morning, Trunks.

Trunks: I can believe that.

	Once everything was back to normal, they went to the table and 
started to eat breakfast. Minutes later, Washu comes out from her lab 
and goes to the table. She glances over where Trunks is and he blushes 
a little bit, trying not to look at Washu after what happened earlier 
that involved both of them.

Tenchi: Is everything all right, Trunks?

Trunks: Huh? Yeah. I'm okay. What do you ask?

Tenchi: Well, for some reason you're blushing.

Kiyone: That's funny. He wasn't last night.

Washu:(with her eyes closed) Boys at his age tends to blush sometimes 
when they see something totally out of the ordinary.

Ryoko: And how would you know about this, Washu?

Washu: I'm Washu, the greatest scientist in the universe. I know stuff 
like this.

Sasami: What about this morning when I sent Trunks down to get you? 
Anything happened?

	It went silent for a moment and Trunks just glanced over at 
Washu's position for a split second.

Washu: Nothing happened.

Trunks: Yeah. Absolutely nothing.

Ryoko: Hmm. Something ain't right and somehow you two were in it.

Ayeka: It's none of your business what happened, Ryoko. Whatever 
happened cannot be changed. I mean, it's not like Trunks went into 
Washu's lab to search for her and when he found her, she wasn't wearing 
any clothes, right?

	Washu and Trunks's faces responded shockily after hearing that. 
Everyone saw their reaction.

Ayeka: Oh, my god. You did saw her, didn't you?

Trunks: It...was an accident.

Washu: He could've knocked first.

Mihoshi: Hey. If what happened this morning was true, then what does 
this mean to your relationship with Dennis? Oof!!!

	Kiyone knocks Mihoshi's head into her plate.

Kiyone: Really, Mihoshi. I don't think that would be necessary to ask.

Trunks: Huh? You mean you're in love with someone.

Washu:(sighs) Yes. 

Tenchi: Washu and Dennis were like lovers and things tend to get in 
their way. Washu had to let him go because someone was hunting Dennis 
down and he didn't want to stay here and allow anyone here including 
Washu to get hurt. So he left and he didn't say when was he going to 
return for a visit.

Trunks: Was he a nice person?

Washu: Let's just say that he was a one in a million men in the world 
that could capture my heart.

Sasami: And he was real nice, too.

Washu: Oh. By the way, Trunks. Do you mind if I study your Dragonball 
radar for a minute?

Trunks: My radar? Sure. Knock yourself out.

	Trunks gives Washu the Dragonball radar. She then makes her 
importable laptop computer appear so that she can study it.

Trunks: What on earth are you doing?

Washu: I just wanted to make a duplicate of this so that I can study it 
for my own purposes. That way I won't break the original copy.

Trunks: Well, that seemed to make sense.

Tenchi: So, what are you going to do now, Trunks?

Trunks: We need to find the last two Dragonballs before they get 
claimed by this other person.

Washu: I'm one step ahead of you, Trunks. The location of the first 
Dragonball out of the two is at the Funaki Caverns.

Trunks: Nice work, little Washu. But, how are we going to get there?

Sasami: Ryo-Ohki can take us!

Trunks:(confused look) Ryo who?

	Soon, a furry animal jumps onto Trunks's right shoulder.

Washu: Ryo-Ohki.

Trunks: This is? Well, it does look kind of cute.

	Pets Ryo-Ohki on the head.

Trunks: What kind of animal is this Ryo-Ohki?

Ryoko: A cabbit.

Trunks: A cabbit? Never heard of that before.

Washu: Well, that's because I made her.

Trunks: Oh. So, how is Ryo-Ohki going to take us to Funaki Caverns?

Ryoko: Simple. Ryo-Ohki transforms into a spaceship.

Trunks: That'll work.

Kiyone: Trust me. It's the best flying ship I've been in.

Mihoshi: Of course, I am the pilot of the Galaxy Police force.

Kiyone: Yeah, but your flying sometimes worry me, Mihoshi!

Tenchi: Enough, you two. So, is everyone ready?

Sasami: We will be until this table is cleaned off. We don't want 
Grandfather to get upset.

Tenchi: Of course.

	So, they cleaned up the table and put everything away before 
going outside and preparing to get the other Dragonballs.

Ryoko: Okay, Ryo-Ohki. Go!

	Ryo-Ohki jumps off Ryoko's shoulder and transforms into a giant 
spaceship hovering over the lake near Tenchi's home.

Trunks: Wow! Unbelievable!

Sasami: Yeah. Isn't she beautiful?

Washu: Yes, she is. Don't forget who made her.

	Ryo-Ohki went ahead and teleported everyone off the ground and 
into the spaceship.

Tenchi: Enjoying the ride so far, Trunks?

Trunks: I'm...getting there.

Ryoko: Okay, Ryo-Ohki. Head for Funaki Caverns!

	The course was set and Ryo-Ohki blasted off into the direction 
needed to go to find one out of the two Dragonballs. After going 
through the sky like lightning, Ryo-Ohki finally arrives at the 
designation of one of the Dragonballs. She teleported everyone off the 
spaceship and transforms back into her cabbit form.

Trunks: What a rush! That definitely beats taking the bus!

Ryoko: Ryo-Ohki does amazing things. So, where is the Dragonball, 
Washu?

Washu: I'm working on the location of it right now, Ryoko.

Tenchi: Trunks, does your Dragonball radar say anything about the other 
person who is collecting the Dragonballs as well?

Trunks: No. The position of the four Dragonballs haven't moved since I 
arrived at your home.

Ayeka: Well, at least that's the good news.

Washu: Aha! I found it! It's inside the caverns, but it is in there 
very deep.

Tenchi: Okay. Let's find that Dragonball!

	Tenchi and company with Trunks heads inside the caverns. Little 
do they know that the individual who have the first four Dragonballs is 
moving in on their location. Meanwhile, in the caverns, they go deep 
into the dark area of the caverns. Mihoshi was holding on tight around 
Kiyone.

Kiyone:(trying to shrug her off) Mihoshi, let go of me!!

Mihoshi:(sobbing) It's too dark in here and I'm scared!!!

Kiyone: We already have a torch going! What more do you want?!

Mihoshi: Getting out of here would be nice!

Kiyone: You're absolutely hopeless!!

Tenchi: Let's keep moving before she explodes.

Trunks: Good idea.

	Tenchi and the rest kept moving towards the location of the 
Dragonball. Soon, they arrive at its location.

Washu: It's here. It's probably under those rocks.

Ryoko:(cracks knuckles) No problem.

	Ryoko extended her arm and was about to fire.

Washu: Ryoko, don't! You'll probably will cause a....

	Before Washu could finish, Ryoko fired a blast at the location of 
the Dragonball. Once the dust settled, the Dragonball sat on top of the 
rocks.

Washu: You could've killed us, Ryoko!! You could cause a cave in!!

Ryoko: Don't worry. I didn't cause anything.

	Soon, a rock hits her head from above.

Ryoko: Uh, perhaps I did.

Tenchi: Run for it!!!

	As Trunks grabbed the Dragonball, they ran as fast as they could 
to escape the cave in which was set off by Ryoko. Minutes later, they 
exited out of the caverns and escaped the cave in. They were abit dirty 
coming out of the caverns.

Ryoko: Oh, well. At least the Dragonball is in our position.

Ayeka: True, but you didn't have to blow up the caverns just to get 
it!!

Ryoko: It worked, didn't it?

Trunks: Yeah, it did. With two in our possession, we can look for the 
last Dragonball before that person does.

Tenchi: Where is the location of the last Dragonball, Washu?

Washu: Working on it.

Ryoko: While she works on it, you can transform, Ryo-Ohki. Huh?

	Ryoko sees Ryo-Ohki mad at something ahead.

Sasami: What's wrong, Ryo-Ohki?

Ryoko: If Ryo-Ohki is acting like this, that means that something is 
coming this way.

Trunks: I can sense it as well. From the looks of it, its getting 
closer.

Tenchi: What's coming, you guys?

Ryoko: I don't know. But, I'm not going to wait around and find out. 
Washu, hurry up, will ya?

Washu: Ryoko, you have to have patience. Besides, whatever this thing 
you're sensing can't be all that bad.

Ryoko: We don't know for sure, but...

Trunks: It's here!

Ayeka: What is?

Washu: The location is coming through. Ryoko, I need you to...huh?

	Washu sees Ryoko shaking from head to toe.

Washu: Ryoko, what's wrong?

Ryoko:(studdering) I...I...don't believe....it!

Tenchi: Ryoko, what's....(gasped)

Ayeka: Lord Tenchi, what is it?(gasped)

Washu: It's...impossible!!

	To Ryoko and to the rest, they see something that shouldn't be 
seen again. The person who Trunks feared about has shown itself. But, 
to Washu, Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko's eyes, it was a person who they 
thought they would never see again. The man who held Ryoko as a slave 
and Washu as a captive on his ship: Kagato.

Kagato: Greetings, everyone. Thank you so much of finding that 
Dragonball for me. I rather not waste time blowing this place up to get 
it.

Ryoko: Kagato?! But,....it can't be!!!

Washu: You were defeated by Tenchi!!!

Kagato: True. I did get defeated by...a miserable farm boy who turns 
out to be a resident of Jurai.  I may have underestimated that boy the 
last time, but this time I won't.

Ryoko: What are you up to, Kagato?

Ayeka: Yes and how on earth did you return from the grave?

Kagato:(chuckles) I guess I would explain my return before I tell you 
what are my intentions are. Of course, you remember the battle we had 
on my spaceship. After that boy defeated me, I was nothing more than 
space dust floating away after my ship was destroyed. I didn't know how 
long I was floating in space, but I know that somewhere in that dust, 
my well-being was in it and in it, I was trying to pull myself together 
in order to defeat Tenchi. Alas, I couldn't. But, a star planet was 
crossing my territory and luckily enough for me is that the planet had 
some sort of power. Power which gave me the chance to regroup myself 
and become whole again. I soon learned that the star was called the 
Makyo Star. A planet that comes and goes in this universe every 12,000 
years. Once I was back to my oldself again, I headed for a nearest 
planet, so that I can find my way to earth and have my revenge. It took 
some time getting here, but I arrived safe and sound. But, knowing the 
boy's true power, I had to find something that can make my power 
greater than his. Unfortunately, this planet has no such thing. Before 
I set course for finding you, I saw a shiny orange orb that was in the 
ground. Once I picked it up, I could feel the power coming from it. It 
was glorious! Soon, I realized that from this orb, I could sense where 
the others are and wasted no time finding them. What I also learned 
from this orb is that once all seven of these are in my procession, I 
call forth the Eternal Dragon so that it can grant my wish so that I 
can destroy the boy and the universe as well!

Washu: And what wish did you have in mind?

Kagato: Simple. Immortality!

Trunks: Huh?!

Tenchi: Immortality?!

Mihoshi: Um,...what's that?

Kiyone: Try to imagine yourself not dying.

Mihoshi: Oh.

Ryoko: You're insane if you think you're going to get that wish!!

Kagato: You can't stop me, you fools! Since I collected four of these, 
I harness their power!

Trunks: You may have four of them, but you won't get the rest of the 
Dragonballs!

Kagato: Dragonballs? Hmm. Catchy name for something powerful as these. 
(holds one in his hand)

Ayeka: Lord Tenchi, we have to stop him before he wishes.

Tenchi: I know that, Princess Ayeka, but how do we stop him? He might 
be stronger than the last time.

Washu: We have to try, Tenchi. If Kagato gets immortality, the world 
and the universe is history!

Ryoko: Then, I'm not going to stick around and watch him do this!!

	Ryoko went straight for Kagato. But, Kagato saw it coming and 
uses his power to stop Ryoko in her tracks in the air.

Kagato: Really, Ryoko? What are the chances of you not only hitting me, 
but defeating me?

Ryoko:(trying to break free) I'll...do whatever...it takes...to...  
stop...you!!

Kagato:(angry face) I don't think so, Ryoko. I promise you that when 
I'm granted immortality, you will be the first one to die!!

Ryoko:(gasped) You...wouldn't?

Kagato:(chuckles) I would.

	Ryoko had a scared look on her face after hearing what Kagato 
said. 

Trunks: You won't get the Dragonballs!! You hear me?!

Kagato: Hmm? And who are you?

Trunks: My name is Trunks and I will stop you from getting all of the 
Dragonballs!

Kagato: Well, let's see what you can do, little man.

Trunks: Believe me. After I get done, you will terrified to the bone.

	Trunks had no choice, but to summon the power he has inside of 
him and channel it. Yellow aura starts to appear around him and Kagato 
begins to shake. Tenchi and company also watches what Trunks is doing 
and they are in a complete shock. Then, Trunks' hair begins to turn 
yellow and its standing up as well. His eyes turns green and he was in 
a complete tranformation of himself.

Kagato:(shudders) What....what are you?!?!

Trunks: Your worst nightmare.

Kagato: You...don't scare me, boy!

Trunks: Oh, really? Then, why are you the one shaking?

Kagato:(growls) I'll show you!!! Take this!!

	Kagato fires a green beam straight at Trunks. It made contact, 
but Trunks was standing at his position.

Kagato: What?!

Tenchi: Huh?!

Ayeka: He's still standing?

Washu: Unbelievable!!

Sasami: He's even stronger than Kagato.

Kiyone: We don't know for sure until we see what happens next.

	Trunks didn't want to waste time, so he uses his quick speed and 
hits Kagato from the side, causing him to lose his power over Ryoko and 
goes flying into the woods.

Trunks: Are you okay?

Ryoko: Yeah. I'm fine. But, where's Kagato?

Trunks: For his sake, he better be gone.

Kagato: Wrong, boy!!

Trunks: Huh?!

	Kagato was above the gang.

Kagato: You really shown me something today, kid! But, mark my words, 
you will feel the pain that I felt when I inflict the pain on you!!

	Then, Kagato disappears in the sky. Trunks know that it is over 
and calms his power down, which he changed back to his original state.

Tenchi: Ryoko, are you okay?

Ryoko: Yeah. Thank you, Trunks. I guess I owe you an apology.

Trunks: For what?

Ryoko: For attacking you when we first met.

Trunks: Oh. 

Washu: Trunks, where did you get that extraordinary power?

Tenchi: Yeah. That power was awesome! I could feel it.

Trunks: Well, it would be wise if we discuss it while on route to 
finding the last Dragonball. If Kagato is going after that one, then we 
have to stop him.

Washu: Right. Ryo-Ohki, transform.

	Ryo-Ohki transform back into a spaceship.

Ayeka: Where's the location of the last Dragonball, Washu?

Washu: In the Jungles of Beirut. 

	Ryo-Ohki teleported everyone on the spaceship and zooms off on a 
race to get the last Dragonball before Kagato does.

Kiyone: How far are we to the location, Washu?

Washu: Just a few minutes away. Kagato got a head start on us.

Ryoko: Then, its up to us to get there before he does.

Tenchi: I hope you don't mind me asking on how did you transform like 
that, Trunks.

Trunks: That's okay. I believe you have every right to ask about it.

Ayeka: Well?

Trunks: Some time ago, Myself and my master, who trained me, were 
facing a unbeatable opponents. There strength was unspeakable! It's 
mind boggling how they got that strong. My master knew I wouldn't be up 
to task against them, but I couldn't stand on the sidelines and watch 
more of innocent people be killed by these monsters. Then, I did the 
most stupid decision I ever did in my life. I tried taking them both 
on, even when I'm nowhere near their league. My master had to save me, 
but at the cost of his life. If I hadn't acted on my stupidity, he 
would be still alive! The monsters that took his life laughed as he 
breathe his last breath. I was furious and wasn't going to stand for 
it! That's when it happened. A sudden change inside me happened. My 
strength and my power was growing and the more angry I was, the more it 
grew. Soon, I unleashed not only my anger, but my attacks onto the 
killers of my master. 

Washu: So, did you defeat them?

Trunks: Yes, but I still miss my master. 

Tenchi: I can tell that if you defeated those killers, he would be 
proud of you.

Ayeka: Not only that, but he doesn't want you to feel sorry for himself 
for him dying. He would've known that you would disobey him and go 
after them.

Trunks: Yeah. I guess you do have a point.

Ryoko: Heads up, people. Jungle of Beirut is a couple of miles away.

	Ryo-Ohki soon was hovering over the jungle. She teleported 
everyone off the ship and transformed back into a cabbit. They entered 
into the jungle in search of the last Dragonball.

Ayeka: Eww! This jungle sure smells bad.

Sasami: You ain't kidding, sis.

Ryoko: Couldn't the last Dragonball be anywhere less smelly.

Trunks: The Dragonballs are located at random locations. 

Washu: The last Dragonball is up ahead. Follow me.

Tenchi: Don't worry. We aren't planning to go anywhere soon. 

Kiyone: Where's Kagato? Don't you think he should be here by now?

Ryoko: We shouldn't be worried about Kagato! Right now, the Dragonball 
is our first priority.

Washu: Just a few more miles to go.

	It took them some time to get out of the jungle and into a open 
field where stonehenges are at. Washu checks here computer to see if 
the location is precise.

Washu: According to my scanners, the Dragonball is somewhere up in that 
area.

Ryoko: Then, let's go!

Trunks: We may need to hide the two Dragonballs that we have just in 
case.

	Trunks takes out the two Dragonballs that he got and puts them in 
a pouch. He then heads towards Sasami.

Trunks: Sasami, do you want to hold on to these for me?

Samami: Huh? Are you sure?

Trunks: Yeah. Kiyone, you and Mihoshi can stay here with Sasami and 
Ryo-Ohki. If anything happens while getting that last Dragonball, get 
out of here fast!

Kiyone: Good idea. We'll do just that!

Trunks: Great. Come on.

	Trunks lead the charge on getting the last Dragonball. But, the 
wind begins to pickup and soon Kagato appears above the stonehenges and 
was looking down on Tenchi and company.

Kagato: What kept you?

Tenchi: Kagato.

Kagato: I was beginning to worry. I thought you would be here a couple 
of hours earlier.

Washu: You won't get the last Dragonball, Kagato.

Kagato: Come now, Professor. You know that nothing can stop me now from 
achieving immortality!

Ryoko: We can try to stop you while you are just mortal, Kagato!

Kagato: You're all talk, Ryoko, but you can't back it up!

Ryoko: Try me.

Kagato:(chuckles) I intend to. Arise, my army!!

	Soon, the ground begins to shake as rocks form into a group of  
monsters and heads for Tenchi and the gang.

Ryoko: Hmph. Kagato always rock things off with something evil.

Washu: Yes, but this time he's using creatures that protect this land. 

Kagato: You are correct as always, Washu. But, as much as I want to 
watch your defeat, I have a Dragonball to collect.

Ryoko: In a pig's eye!! Take this!!

	Ryoko fires a blast at Kagato without him knowing. After it made 
contact, Kagato disintegrated.

Ayeka: Huh?! 

Ryoko: That was way too easy.

Washu: You're right. That was just a copy.

Tenchi: But, where's the real Kagato?

Trunks: Let's not worry about that now, Tenchi. These rock creatures 
are approaching our location.

Ayeka: Then, we better stop them from harming Lord Tenchi.

Ryoko: For once, I agree with you.

	Ayeka and Ryoko uses their power to stop the approaching 
creatures. Trunks heads off to get the Dragonball, but when he was 
about to grab it, a hand snatches it before he could. That hand 
belonged to the real Kagato.

Trunks:(growls) Kagato!

Kagato: Sorry, kid. I win this match.

	Kagato disappeared before Trunks could attack him. He had to go 
back and continue to help the gang fight off the rock creatures. Far 
from the battlefield, Sasami with Kiyone and Mihoshi sees what's going 
on.

Kiyone: Something isn't right. Tenchi and the rest haven't got the 
Dragonball.

Mihoshi: How come?

Sasami: Something is attacking them. We have to help them.

Kiyone: We can't leave, Sasami. Trunks told us not to move from this 
spot.

Mihoshi: But, didn't he say to leave if something like this happens?

Kiyone: Oh. You're right. Let's leave.

Kagato: Don't leave just yet, girls. The fun just starting.

	In front of the girls path was Kagato.

Sasami: It's....Kagato!

Kiyone: Stay behind me, Sasami.

Kagato: You Galaxy Police should learn by now that nothing can stop me, 
not even your puny, pathetic little guns.

Mihoshi:(scared) Kiyone, what are we going to do?!?!

Kiyone: We have to think of something.

Kagato: I'll leave you alone as soon as I get my Dragonballs that you 
got in your procession.

Kiyone: You're not getting them!!

Kagato: Don't waste your life. Just give me the Dragonballs or your 
furry little friend is history.

	Kagato holds Ryo-Ohki in his hand and uses his free hand to 
charge up his next attack.

Sasami: Ryo-Ohki! No!!!

Kagato: Hmm?

Sasami:(cries) Please, don't hurt Ryo-Ohki!

	Sasami took out the pouch and drops it in front of Kagato.

Kagato: Thank you, Princess Sasami. You made the right choice.

	Kagato picks up the pouch and releases Ryo-Ohki from his grasp. 

Kagato: One more thing to tell you, ladies, before I depart. By the 
time your friends finish off those monsters, my wish for immortality 
will become a reality!!!!(laughing maniacially)

	As Kagato flies off in a different direction, the girls are still 
scared after what transpired in front of their eyes. Meanwhile, the 
gang begins to finish off the last bit of monsters that are left.

Trunks: Is that all of them?

Ryoko:(breathes hard) It better be.

Washu: Where's the Dragonball?

Trunks: Kagato took it before I could get it.

Ayeka: But, where is he?

Sasami: Ayeka!!!!

Tenchi: Huh?

	Tenchi and the rest sees Sasami with Kiyone and Mihoshi running 
towards them.

Ayeka: Sasami, what's the matter?

Sasami: I'm sorry, you guys. Kagato got the Dragonballs that we had.

Trunks: What?! How?!

Kiyone: He appeared in front of us before we could escape. 

Mihoshi: Yeah and he held Ryo-Ohki as a hostage in order to give them 
up.

Washu: Oh no!

Ryoko: Where is he?

Kiyone: All I know is that he went off with all of the Dragonballs so 
that he can make his wish.

Trunks: We have to find him before it's too late!!

Tenchi: We will. Washu, can you locate him?

Washu: I can't do anything with my computer. Kagato must've did 
something to it before he left.

Trunks: I still got my Dragonball radar. Let me check where he is.

	Trunks pulls out the radar and clicks the button on top. The 
radar blinks 7 orange spots not far from their location.

Trunks: Kagato didn't get that far. He's somewhere over there.(points 
in opposite direction)

Tenchi: Do you think we can make it by running?

Ryoko: If we fly, Kagato will surely see us and attack.

Washu: Then, we have to run as fast as we can! Trunks, you lead the way 
since your radar knows its direction.

Trunks: Right. Let's go!

	Trunks lead Tenchi and company on a search for Kagato and the 
Dragonballs. Meanwhile, Kagato positioned the seven Dragonballs in 
front of him and they begin to glow at the same time.

Kagato: Now, it's time to get what I rightfully deserved. Arise, 
Eternal Dragon and grant me this one wish!!

	Soon, the clouds above begins to go dark and Trunks realizes this 
while leading the charge.

Trunks: We have to hurry! He's already summoning the Dragon!!

	They now run as fast as they can to get to Kagato before he gets 
his wish. In the sky, a figure was appearing and it was above from 
where Kagato is at. Kagato looks on at amazement as he sees the Eternal 
Dragon now appearing in front of him with his red eyes looking down on 
him glowing.

Kagato:(chuckles) Magnificent!!

Shenron: You have summoned me. I will grant you one wish and one wish 
alone. Choose your wish wisely.

Kagato: Oh, I will! 

	Then, Trunks with Tenchi and company finally arrive at the site 
where Kagato is.

Tenchi: Holy cow!

Ryoko: Is that the Dragon?!

Trunks: Yes, it is. But, we don't have time for that! We have to stop 
Kagato!

Kagato: Eternal Dragon, my wish for you to grant me is immortality!

Trunks: NO!!!!!

Shenron: Your wish shall be granted.

	The Eternal Dragon's red eyes glowed as he uses his power to give 
Kagato immortality. Kagato was surrounded in red aura and in an 
instant, he felt power surging through his body and he screamed of the 
top of his lungs. Soon, he fell onto one knee after everything was 
done.

Shenron: Your wish has been granted. Now, I must bid thee farewell!

	The Dragon disappeared in the sky and Dragonballs appeared in the 
sky instead. They were glowing for a minute and then they all went 
their seperate ways.

Sasami: What happened?

Trunks: The Dragonballs are now gone and they won't be found until one 
year has passed.

Ryoko: For real? Well, that's not right.

Washu: Everything's not right to you, Ryoko.

Ayeka: But, what about Kagato?

Tenchi: That's right. We forgot about him.

	Kagato begins to get up slowly. Once he was up, he could feel 
power going through his veins. He looked down upon his hands and has a 
smile on his face knowing that he finally did it. But, when he turned 
around, he saw some unexpected guests.
 
Kagato: Huh?! It's you! I don't know how you survived, but it makes no 
difference. I finally gotten what I wanted! 

Tenchi: We'll stop you anyway possible, Kagato!

Kagato:(laughing maniacally) My dear boy, how on earth can you stop 
something that cannot die?!?!

Washu: He's right, Tenchi. 

Tenchi: Huh?

Washu: Even with all of our combined strength, it still won't make a 
difference. Kagato has immortality and can't be destroyed.

Ryoko: What makes you think we can't win? We have to try.

Washu: Ryoko, listen! It's suicide to attack him now without having a 
plan! We could get killed!

Ryoko:(angrily) Do what you will, but I'm going to stop him myself!

	Ryoko flies off heading straight for Kagato.

Washu: Ryoko, come back!!

Ryoko: Immortal or not, Kagato, you're going down!

	Ryoko begins to charge up her energy blast as she heads for 
Kagato. But, Kagato smiled on as Ryoko came closer. But as she did, 
Kagato attacked Ryoko in fast action that not even Ryoko saw it coming. 
Kagato made an energy sword which went through Ryoko's left shoulder. 
Ryoko was gasping for air as Kagato holds Ryoko by the neck.

Kagato: That's strike two, Ryoko. One more sneak attack on me, and I'll 
have to kill you myself (angry look) and I'm not bluffing.

	Ryoko had a scared look on her face as Kagato continues to 
chuckle. Out of nowhere, Trunks comes by and hits Kagato with his 
sword. He caught a lifeless Ryoko and heads back to the rest.

Tenchi: Is she...?

Trunks: No. She's alive. We have to get out of here so that she can get 
better.

Washu: We better head back home. At this point, there's absolutely 
nothing we can do right now since Kagato is now immportal.

	Ryo-Ohki transformed and teleported everyone into the ship. She 
leaves living Kagato in the open forest.

Kagato: You can run, Masaki clan, but mark my words, my revenge will 
come and you will pay for what you did to me!!!(laughing)

	It took some time to arrive back at Tenchi's household. Everyone 
headed for Washu's lab where so that they can treat the body of a 
wounded Ryoko. Everyone had to wait until Washu got done observing her. 
It was a long wait, but Washu finally came out with a sigh of relief.

Tenchi: Washu, is Ryoko going to be okay?

Washu: Ryoko will be just fine. She just need some time to rest and 
recover from her wounds.

Sasami: Can we go see her?

Washu: Sure.

	Washu leads the way to where Ryoko is. Ryoko was layed out on a 
bed with heavy bandaging around her left shoulder and arm. She wasn't 
awake as she lays there motionless.

Washu: From my scanners, the attack she took really took its toll on 
her. But, with her strength, she will be back to a 100%.

Tenchi: That's a relief.

Kiyone: I don't want to sound harsh, guys, but should we be 
concentrating on how to stop Kagato?

Ayeka: Perhaps, but Ryoko's well-being is somehow important.

Sasami: I don't want Ryoko to die.

Tenchi: She won't, Sasami. If I know Ryoko, she's the strongest woman 
in the universe.

Ryoko:(groans)

Everyone: Huh?

	Ryoko was beginning to open her eyes. She then turns her head to 
the right and sees the gang near her bedside.

Ryoko: Hi,....guys.

Tenchi: Glad to see you awake, Ryoko.

Ryoko: Glad to see you at first hand, Tenchi.

Ayeka:(grinding her teeth) I was feeling sorry for you for a moment, 
Ryoko. Don't mess it up!

Ryoko:(chuckles) Well, at least your in the mood that I expected you to 
be, Princess Ayeka.

Washu:(clears throat) Excuse me, but since Ryoko is awake, I need 
everyone to clear out so that I can continue to analyze her.

	Everyone starts to head to the stairs.

Ryoko: Wait!!

Washu: Huh?

Ryoko: Trunks, can you stay down here for a little longer?

Trunks: Uh....Sure.

	Tenchi and the rest heads upstairs while Trunks stays in Washu's 
lab and stands beside Ryoko's bed.

Trunks: What is it?

Ryoko: I have to thank you for saving me again. That's twice I owe ya.

Trunks: No. You don't owe me anything. What I don't mind you answering 
is why do you consist on attacking Kagato head-on the last two times?

Ryoko: Well,...you see...

	Ryoko looks over at Washu's position and gives her the look 
indicating that Ryoko is going to tell Trunks something and Ryoko 
wanted privacy.

Washu: Okay.

	Washu leaves and goes into her own office.

Ryoko: I guess I need to explain my actions. It goes like this. Many 
years ago, I was a slave, a pawn, a prisoner to that tryant Kagato in 
space. He uses me to rob banks, destroy planets, and people who don't 
get out of his way. Back then, I was evil, but one day he had enough of 
me, so he sent me away to do whatever I please. So, I went to a planet 
that was in my site since that I was free from Kagato's grasp, Planet 
Jurai, the hometown of Princess Ayeka and Sasami. I destroyed millions 
of buildings and people along with it. One man stood in my way and he 
was powerful than I was. He caught me and didn't want me to disturb 
anyone else in the universe. So, he uses his ship and took me away. The 
next thing I knew was that Tenchi unlocked the caverns from where I was 
sleeping for so many years. But, my happiness with Tenchi and the 
others were short lived as my former boss made an appearance. He 
captures me and lures Tenchi into his own trap. He succeeded, but what 
he didn't count on was that Tenchi could summon the greatest Jurai 
power that is ever known: The LightHawk Wings. With the Wings power, he 
was able to defeat Kagato single-handedly. Even when he did defeat him, 
my mind was still furious and angry towards that man! I will never 
forget what he made me do those so many years ago.

Trunks: Is that so? But, you know that attacking him now when he was 
granted immortality is suicide!

Ryoko: Well, let's say I pulled a trick out of your book.

Trunks: Out of my...? Oh, now I know what you mean. When I was young 
and went after the people who killed my master even though were 
powerful. I learned my mistake. Why not you?

Ryoko: I don't know.(sighs) 

Trunks: What's wrong?

Ryoko:(sniffs) Don't tell anyone this, okay?

Trunks: I promise. 

Ryoko: I was scared when Kagato attacked me. He said that he would kill 
me if I pull a stunt like that again.

Trunks: Well, you ain't going to do that again.

Ryoko: True, but I'm not sure about attacking him even if we have a 
plan. I'm...afraid.

Trunks: That's not the Ryoko I'm talking to! Tenchi says that you are 
the strongest woman in the universe! This isn't the Ryoko I know.

Ryoko: Tenchi said that?

Trunks: Yep.

Ryoko: Oh. Well, I'll try to stay strong and don't worry. Once I'm out 
of this bed, the Ryoko that you know will be back in action.

Trunks:(smiles) I'm glad to hear it!

	Trunks leaves Ryoko so that she can get some rest. Once he 
arrives back upstairs, everyone was in the living room watching the 
T.V.

Trunks: What's wrong, you guys?

Tenchi: There has been random of attacks on multiple cities!

Ayeka: Yes and we all know who is doing that.

Trunks: Kagato. He wasted no time using his powers to destroy countless 
cities.

Tenchi: Let me turn up the television.

	Tenchi turned it up abit.

News reporter #1: As reported, 12 cities are left in ruins as unknown 
attacks appear out of nowhere. We haven't heard any report that the 
military or the Air Force will be sent out to find the cause of these 
unexplainable explosions.

Kiyone: If they send anyone to a city and Kagato is destroying that 
city, Kagato wouldn't hesitate to kill them.

Trunks: That's right. We have to find him before more innocent 
bystanders get killed!

Mihoshi: But, how can we when he is like moving so fast?

Tenchi: Perhaps Washu may have an answer by the time Ryoko recovers.

Ayeka: But, Lord Tenchi. If we continue to wait on Ryoko's recovering, 
Kagato would probably wipe out half the earth in a day or so!

Tenchi: I understand, Miss Ayeka, but what can we do to stop him?

Kiyone: Well, weapons ain't going to help us much.

Sasami: What about the LightHawk Wings? They worked before.

Tenchi: Yeah. But, that was against a mortal Kagato.

Trunks: I don't think we can waste anymore time pondering on what to 
do. We have to think of something that can stop Kagato even if he is 
immortal.

Ayeka: Then, we need Washu's help on that one.

Trunks: Right. Let's go see her.

Sasami: Oh, Trunks. What was it that Ryoko wanted to talk to you about 
earlier?

Trunks: Uh,...just to say thank you for saving her twice.

Mihoshi: Really? You've been down there pretty long. 

Trunks: Seriously. That's all she had to say.

Sasami: For real?

Trunks: Yeah.

Ayeka: Oh, I see.

Tenchi: See what, Ayeka?

Ayeka: If I'm not mistaken, I think Ryoko cares for you, Trunks!

Trunks: Say what?!?!

Ayeka: Yes. Isn't it obvious? You save her twice and now she beginning 
to like you.

Trunks:(shocked) But, ain't she after Tenchi or something?!

Ayeka: Oh, she just saying that just to throw you off. She knows darn 
well that Tenchi belongs to me considering that I'm a Princess from 
Jurai. You better watch out, Trunks. Ryoko is after you.(chuckles)

Trunks:(thinking and blushes) Oh, boy.

	The gang begins to head downstairs so that they can talk to Washu 
and find out what they can do to stop an immortal Kagato. They find 
Washu in her office while in the next room Ryoko is still resting from 
her wounds.

Washu: What brings you all here?

Tenchi: Well, we need to figure out a plan to stop Kagato.

Washu: I haven't thought up anything lately. Any of you thought up an 
idea?

Ayeka: Not at this moment. 

Trunks: Can there be anything that can stop Kagato, Washu?

Washu: If Kagato was mortal, we would go after him right now instead of 
sitting here pondering on a strategy.

Kiyone: What if we use something that can blow him up? I mean, what's 
good with immortality without a body?

Tenchi: That could work.

Washu: I doubt it. Kagato wouldn't get a scratch on him even if we 
build an atomic bomb.

Ayeka: What about the Dragonballs?

Trunks: What about them?

Ayeka: What if we use them and strip Kagato of his immortality. 

Trunks: That could work, but the Dragonballs are scattered across the 
earth and they are turned into ordinary rocks. You won't find them 
until a year has passed.

Washu: And if we wait a year, the planet would be nothing but a 
wasteland.

Tenchi: If we can't blow him up or take away his powers, then what else 
can we do?

Sasami: There has to be a way. We can't give up yet!

Trunks: We aren't. We...just can't think up a good plan to stop him 
completely.

Mihoshi: Um,...what if we go up to him and tell him to stop? That would 
work, right?

	Everyone has a raindrop over their heads.

Kiyone: Honestly, Mihoshi!! You must have a hole in your head!!!

Washu: Huh? That's it!!

Everyone: Huh?

Tenchi: What's it?

Washu: Mihoshi, you're a genius!

Mihoshi: I am?

Kiyone:(confused) She is?

Washu: Well, not entirely a genius compared to me!

Ayeka: What's your idea, Washu?

Washu: I think there is a way to stop Kagato even though he is 
immortal.

Trunks: How?

Washu: It's too risky to bring it up, but as I recall from my history 
when I was a Professor, there was a report from someone who experienced 
a disturbance in space. The person almost got sucked into it, but he 
escaped it barely.

Tenchi: What was it called?

Washu: I believe it was called....

Ryoko: The Dead Zone.

	Ryoko was at the doorway of the room.

Washu: Ryoko, you shouldn't be out of bed and shouldn't be 
eavesdropping.

Ryoko: Couldn't help it. I was interested.

Ayeka: Ryoko, you heard this Dead Zone?

Ryoko: Yeah. The best way I could describe it would be that it was like 
a black hole, but meaner and a whole lot tougher to get out. Because 
once that door closes, you can never get out.

Trunks: If that's true, then we can use that to defeat Kagato.

Washu: Hold on, Trunks. It was an idea, but we haven't considered on 
how to retrieve it. 

Ayeka: What are you suggesting that we should do?

Washu: You don't have to do anything. This part will be down by me.

Kiyone: You're going to get a Dead Zone from space?

Washu: No, silly. I'm going to build me a device which will open a Dead 
Zone in the sky. But, we need to get Kagato close enough so that it can 
work.

Ryoko: Easier said than done, Washu.

Trunks: Then, this plan is going to work, right?

Washu: It's the only plan we can do at this moment, Trunks. Because all 
of the other options lead to a dead-end.

Tenchi: Then, it's settled. We go after Kagato with the device and put 
him in the Dead Zone, agreed?

Everyone: Yes.

Kiyone: How long will it take for you to build the device, Washu?

Washu: It's going to take me some time. But, eventually, I'll have it 
up and running before you know it.

Trunks: We better hurry. Kagato is still on a warpath destroying more 
cities.

	Suddenly, Ryoko's stomach starts growling.

Ryoko:(slight chuckle) It's been so long since I last ate. Sasami, mind 
cooking me up something?

Sasami: You bet. Come on, everyone.

	Sasami leads everyone upstairs so that they can leave Washu in 
peace so that she can build her device to stop Kagato. Sasami heads for 
the kitchen and begins cooking up a storm while everyone waited. 
Minutes later, Ryoko chowed down a major lunch and everyone watches her 
stuffing her face with all the food that's on the plate.

Ryoko:(mouth full) What?! Do you mind?!

Tenchi:(slightly chuckle) Sorry, Ryoko. We forgot that you haven't ate 
for awhile.

Trunks: I've never seen anyone eat that fast. Wonder if she will get a 
stomach ache.

Ayeka: Believe me, Trunks. The last thing that Ryoko would expect is a 
tummy ache.

	Soon, Ryoko was totally finished.

Ryoko: Whew! Now, that was a full course meal! 

Tenchi: I'm sure it was.

Ryoko: Since I'm done, I can start my training and waste some of this 
energy I have inside of me.

Trunks: You mean, you're still going after Kagato after what happened 
to you twice?

Ryoko: No. I won't pull that stunt again. I just need to keep my powers 
in check so that I won't get rusty. 

Ayeka: And what do you have in mind in this little training of yours?

Ryoko: Simple. I just need a target. Trunks, would you help me in this 
training of mine?

Trunks: Uh, me? But, what about the rest?

Ryoko: Well, I would pick Ayeka, but she just too slow.

Ayeka:(angrily) Too slow?!?! You have some nerve, Ryoko!!! Coming from 
a person who is beginning to like Trunks!!

Ryoko: What?!?! Me falling in love with Trunks?!?! You must be out of 
your mind, Princess!!

Ayeka: Say what you will, Ryoko! But, you can't fool us! First, you 
have Trunks saving you twice, then asking him to stay behind after your 
injury and now asking him to be your target?! How stupid do you think 
we are?!

Mihoshi:(clears throat) I resent that.

Ayeka: Well, you know what I mean, Ryoko.

Ryoko: To tell you for the last time, Ayeka! My love and my soul 
belongs to Tenchi and only Tenchi!! There's nothing in the universe 
that can split us apart!!

Ayeka: Nothing expect Trunks!

Ryoko:(growls) Ohh!!!! Come on, Trunks! I got to blow off some steam!!

Trunks: I can see that.

	Ryoko leads Trunks outside in front of Tenchi's house. 

Trunks: So, what do you prefer I should do?

Ryoko: I was planning on using you as a target so that I can't afford 
to lose my edge. 

Trunks: We don't want to fire near the house. We better go somewhere 
safe.

Ryoko: No. There's no need for that. My attacks won't be that 
explosive.

Trunks: Hmm. You know, I believe there is another way to test out your 
powers.

Ryoko: Test out my powers? What do you mean?

Trunks: Instead of using me as a moving target, why don't you fire your 
most powerful attack at me. I won't move from this spot.

Ryoko: Huh? Are you sure?

Trunks: Don't worry. Your powers won't harm me.

Ryoko: Okay. You better not get scared.

Trunks:(smiles) I won't.

	Ryoko flies upward and makes a distance between her and Trunks. 
Then, Ryoko starts to gather up the power within her and places her 
hands out outward pointing at Trunks who wasn't moving. She forms an 
orange ball near her hands, but it grows bigger and bigger as it is 
bigger than Ryoko herself. Once she had enough energy, she sends it to 
Trunks who still wasn't moving. The orange ball made contact on Trunks 
and made a big explosion which made the house shake. Tenchi and the 
gang felt that shock.

Kiyone: What was that?!

Tenchi: Let's go outside and find out!!

	They ran outside to see what in the world happened. They see 
Ryoko above and a cloud of smoke on the ground.

Tenchi: Ryoko, what are you doing?

Ryoko: Just trying something with Trunks!

Ayeka: I don't see Trunks.

	But, once the smoke settled, Trunks still stood at his position 
looking up at Ryoko.

Ryoko:(gasped) Incredible! He stood up to my most powerful attack! A 
normal human being would've been destroyed!

Trunks: Well, I'm not like the others. I have special powers within me 
that stops that attack of yours. But, to compare that power to my own, 
it wasn't worth my time.

Tenchi: Wasn't worth your time?

	Ryoko descends and lands in front of Trunks.

Trunks: To be honest and truthful, that power of Ryoko's doesn't 
measure up to my power level. 

Kiyone: Your power level?

Trunks: Yes. That's what my master tells me at some points while 
training with him.

Ryoko: Question. When you transformed to a whole different person when 
we fought Kagato, does that raise your power level?

Trunks: Indeed. Makes my skills become more agile, powerful, and have 
fast speed.

Ryoko:(sneaky talk) Fast speed, eh? Well, try to catch me.

	Suddenly, Ryoko disappears in front of Trunks and the rest. But, 
Trunks senses Ryoko and disappears as well. In seconds, Ryoko appears 
in the sky, but Trunks was right there with her.

Ryoko: Whoa! You weren't kidding!

Trunks: I believe if we continue this, you won't win.

Ryoko: Oh, really? Try to keep up with me if you can, kid.

Trunks:(smiles) Gladly.

	Ryoko and Trunks disappears and reappears all over the sky. 
Tenchi and the gang couldn't catch up to see where they are and where 
they are now.

Tenchi: Unbelievable!

Sasami: They are moving so fast, my head is beginning to spin.

Ayeka: If I didn't know better, I say this is like a challenge of who's 
the fastest.

Kiyone: Probably, but from what I've seen before this happened, Trunks 
appeared to be stonger and faster than Ryoko. Somehow, I believe Ryoko 
may have met her match.

Tenchi: You could be right, Kiyone.

	The intense struggle between Ryoko and Trunks continues on in the 
sky. Soon, Ryoko stops in her tracks and Trunks was still in front of 
her.

Ryoko:(breathes hard) My! You're....still with....me.

Trunks: I must admit, Ryoko, that you are good in doing this.

Ryoko:(thinking) I can't believe this! Being outclassed by this punk 
kid! I'm almost out of breath while he hasn't even broke a sweat yet! 
There must be another way to prove my strength to him.

Trunks: Anything else that we can do or is this it?

Ryoko: Wait! I believe we have one more exercise to do.

Trunks: I'm listening.

Ryoko: Washu has a training room where it runs by computer. It programs 
on how intense your exercise should be. From calm to extreme. That's 
all there is to it.

Trunks: Sounds interesting. Maybe being in there might increase my 
skills.

Ryoko: Perhaps mine as well.

	Both Ryoko and Trunks disappear and reappear in front of Tenchi 
and company and heads back inside the house.

Tenchi: Is this over with, Ryoko?

Ryoko: Nope. This is just beginning, Tenchi.

Sasami: What on earth does Ryoko have in store for Trunks?

Ayeka: If you ask me, I can tell that Ryoko is getting beat by Trunks.

Tenchi: Well, that's your opinion, Princess Ayeka.

Kiyone: We better follow them before they end up killing each other.

	Tenchi and the rest follows the route that Ryoko and Trunks went. 
Both of them heads downstairs to where Washu is at. She was still 
working on her device to open up a Dead Zone.	

Ryoko: Washu, got a minute?

Washu: What is it? I'm still working on this machine of mine.

Ryoko: We need your training room operational. 

Washu: What for?

Ryoko: For me and Trunks so that we can increase our skills.

Washu: Hmm. All right, but you two better be careful. I don't want 
anyone getting killed in there.

	Washu leads them to the room where it was a training room which 
suppose to help someone, like Ryoko, further their skills in whatever 
they do.

Washu: Now, if you both excuse me, I'll be continuing on working on the 
device. It should be down in a couple of hours.

	Washu leaves the room.

Ryoko: Ready?

Trunks: Ready as I'll ever be.

Ryoko: Let me just turn on the machine here so that it can run on the 
program that I'll be setting it on.

Trunks: And what type of program are you setting it on?

Ryoko: Let's try.....expert.

	Ryoko sets in the program she wishes to do and the room did the 
rest. Soon, coming out of the walls were black balls which floated 
everywhere in the room.

Trunks: What is this?

Ryoko: A very interesting program that Washu made up. Those are spikers 
and they only have one objective.

Trunks: Which is?

Ryoko: Seek out and destroy.

	Then, spikes appear on all of the spikers and goes around in the 
room with fast speed. They have their sites on Trunks and Ryoko and 
sets off attacking them. Trunks and Ryoko disappeared and reappeared in 
the air attacking with multiple blasts which are making contact on all 
of the spikers, destroying them. The room filled up with smoke and 
debris as the exercise was now done and both Trunks and Ryoko still 
floats in the air appearing to be little bit tired.

Trunks: I must admit. That was fun!

Ryoko: Believe me. You haven't seen anything yet.

Trunks: What? You want this on extreme?!

Ryoko:(smiles devilishly) Indeed. 

Trunks: But, doing something like that is suicide, isn't it?

Ryoko: Perhaps. But, how else would you increase your power in the 
fight against Kagato?

Trunks: Hmm. Well,....you do have a point.

Ryoko: Then, it's settled.

	Ryoko heads for the console and sets the new program in. Then, 
the spikers appear again and unleashed their spikes.

Ryoko: You better be on your top guard, kid. Because these things have 
a brain this time. Therefore, you try to shoot them, they move just as 
fast as you are.

Trunks: Thanks for the tip. I'll try my best even at my full strength.

	Trunks went ahead and transformed to his most powerful form with 
his hair standing up and yellow and his eyes green. The spikers start 
their attack formation against Trunks and Ryoko. They dodge their 
attacks and starts their own form of attacks. But, like Ryoko said, the 
spikers have a mind of their own. Some of their attacks were dodged by 
the spikers. Both Trunks and Ryoko had to think up of something before 
the spikers get them. Meanwhile, Tenchi and the rest arrive at Washu's 
lab.

Tenchi: Washu, where's Trunks and Ryoko?

Washu:(sighs) I can't even get some peace around here. 

Ayeka: Sorry for interrupting, Miss Washu. But, we just wanted to know 
where they are.

Washu: If you must know, they are in the training room doing god knows 
what.

Tenchi: Could you check it out?

Washu: Hold on. I'll bring it on screen. I have a camera hidden in 
there. 

	Washu types in the commands to get the view in the training room. 
In seconds, it came up and sees the struggling battle with Trunks and 
Ryoko.

Kiyone: What on earth are they doing?

Washu: It appears that they are using the spikers on their exercise 
course.

Ayeka: But, what type of exercise are they doing? Those things are 
dodging their attacks pretty easily.

Washu: Huh? You're right. This could only mean one thing.

Sasami: Which is?

Washu: Ryoko must've put the program onto extreme mode. In that mode, 
things are going to get pretty hectic in there. 

Ayeka: You mean someone could get hurt?

Washu: Worse. But, I would rather not think about it.

Tenchi: We have to stop them before they get themselves killed.

Washu: That won't be easy, Tenchi. Once the program starts, nothing can 
interupt it until it's all over.

Sasami: So, what can we do?

Washu: We have to wait and find out what these two can do.

	While Tenchi and company watch on, Trunks and Ryoko are beginning 
to show fatigue in the room.

Trunks:(screams) How are you doing over there?

Ryoko: Doing just fine! Got a couple more of these things left before 
we stop!

	Trunks and Ryoko continues to blast at the spikers and they 
weren't going to give up just yet. Trunks dodges the attack of one 
spiker and attack it from behind before it could move. Ryoko took out 
two more when they came up from behind her. The training continued on 
and soon, all of the extreme spikers were left in the room shattered. 
Trunks reverted back to his original self and Ryoko laid on the floor 
resting.

Ryoko: That was awesome, wouldn't you say?

Trunks: This was intense! I don't think any other human being could 
last long in here.

Ryoko: Well, your far past any human species, Trunks.

Tenchi: Ryoko!!

	Tenchi and the girls ran into the training room.

Ryoko: Hey, Tenchi! Were you watching me and Trunks defeat these 
things?

Tenchi: Yes and it was kind of dumb to do something like that! Didn't 
you know that if you put this thing on high you could get killed?

Ryoko: On high? I put the mode on extreme.

Ayeka:(angrily) It doesn't matter what you set it on, you could've 
killed not only Trunks, but yourself as well!!! Didn't that occur to 
you at all?!?!

Trunks: Honestly, I don't think Ryoko was planning on hurting me for 
any reason. To me, she seemed to be the best person that you could have 
in your household.(looks at Ryoko) She was awesome in here, too.

Ryoko:(blushes and chuckles) Thank you, Trunks.

Ayeka:(growls) That proves it!!! You two like each other and there's no 
denying it this time!!

Ryoko: Not this again, Princess. I've been through heck, thank you very 
much. I don't need this right now. I'll proabably need a rest to 
recover my strength.

Trunks: Uh,...that won't be necessary. 

Ryoko: Huh?
	
	Trunks goes into his coat pocket and pulls out a bean.

Trunks: Here, take this. It'll give you your strength back in seconds.

	Ryoko takes the bean with a confused look on her face. But, she 
shrugged her shoulders and puts the bean into her mouth. She chewed on 
it and shallowed all of it. Then, Ryoko felt sudden changes in her body 
as like she was feeling better all around.

Ryoko: Wow!! What is that?

	Trunks just got done doing his bit with the bean and got his 
strength back.

Trunks: That was a Senzu Bean. A friend of mine named Korin made these 
which gives the person back his or her strength when using all of his 
energy in a battle or in this case, a training room.

Tenchi: Could those healed Ryoko's wound earlier?

Trunks: Possibly.

Ryoko: Then, how come you didn't give me one?!

Trunks: You...didn't ask.

	Everyone had a raindrop over their heads after that. Then, Washu 
comes into the room and was happy as well.

Washu: It's finished!!

Kiyone: The device to open the Dead Zone?

Washu: Yep. Now, all we have to do is find Kagato.

Tenchi: Where is he now?

Ayeka: He probably went on attacking more cities.

Washu: He might. But, we need to find him immediately before more 
people feel his wrath.

Trunks: Then, what are we waiting for?

	Everyone charged out of Washu's lab and headed outside. Ryo-Ohki 
transformed into the spaceship and teleported everyone on board. Once 
that was done, they zoomed into the sky in search of the immortal 
Kagato.

Ryoko: So, what's the plan, Washu?

Washu: The main objective is to open the Dead Zone and somehow get 
Kagato in it.

Ayeka: But, how are we going to get him into that thing? 

Washu: Funny you should ask that, Princess. I may have the craziest 
idea that might work.

Tenchi: Tell us.

Washu: Well, when Trunks and Ryoko were in the training room earlier, I 
saw them work as a team as they destroyed the whole entire set of 
spikers even when the program was set on extreme. So, I came up with 
one conlusion, I suggest that Trunks and Ryoko should keep Kagato 
occupied long enough for us to open the Dead Zone.

Kiyone: But, aren't we going to stop Kagato together?

Washu: Honestly, the only people capable enough to take on Kagato is 
Trunks and Ryoko. Anyone else would simply get hurt. Kagato's powers is 
unbelievable and both Trunks and Ryoko should be the only people to 
take him on. 

Ayeka: I see your point.

Trunks: That's the only option we have at this point, Princess Ayeka. 
Because if we don't stop Kagato here and now, the earth as we know it 
will be turned into a wasteland.

Ryoko: I agree. We should stop Kagato at all cost! That Dead Zone is 
our only weapon to stop Kagato.

Tenchi: Then, we better make it count when we have the chance.

Ayeka: How much further to Kagato's location?

Ryoko: I'm picking up some extreme readings. They seem to be off the 
charts.

Washu: It's Kagato. There's no doubt about it.

Ryoko: Full speed ahead, Ryo-Ohki!!

	Ryo-Ohki heard that command and went into the direction which 
leads to Kagato's location. Meanwhile, Kagato destroys more cities 
while people flee for their lives.

Kagato: Splendid! More people fleeing for their miserable little lives! 
I do enjoy being immortal!!(laughing) But, I do believe it's time to 
exact my revenge on the Masaki clan. They are the ones who are 
responsible for my death, especially Tenchi, in the first place! I'll 
soon find them and get rid of them all!! Huh?

	Kagato looks to his left and senses something heading towards his 
way.

Kagato: What's this?! 

	Then, Ryo-Ohki appears in the sky and hovers over the destroyed 
city that was done by Kagato.

Kagato: Well, it's Ryo-Ohki. If I'm not mistaken, it would be that 
Tenchi and the whole group is in there as well.(chuckles) This is all 
too perfect! At least they save me the time of finding them.

	Ryo-Ohki teleports everyone off and reverted back to her cabbit 
form. Everyone looks up at Kagato as he looks down at them.

Ryoko: Kagato. 

Washu: It appears that he is growing more and more powerful every 
second.

Trunks: Then, we have to stop him now before he gets stronger.

Ryoko: I'm with you!

Tenchi: What about the device?

Washu: Trunks, you and Ryoko try to keep Kagato distracted long enough 
for us to set this up and run it.

Ryoko: Easier said than done, Washu.

Trunks: You ready?

Ryoko:(smiles) Most definitely.

	Both of them fly up and heads for Kagato. The rest stays on the 
ground as they wait for their perfect opportunity to set up and start 
the machine.

Kagato: Well, it appears that Ryoko is better. Tell me, did that 
shoulder of yours give you alot of pain?

Ryoko:(angry look) How about if I give the pain that I felt when you 
had me as a slave for all those years!!

Kagato: Still remembering the good old days, huh? I still remember you 
being a weakling than a pupil to me.

Ryoko:(clutching her fists) Shut up!!

Kagato: And the time when you couldn't take over a planet and you cried 
to me asking for help.(chuckles)

Ryoko:(shouts) I said shut up!!!

	Ryoko fires at Kagato. But, Kagato still remains in his position 
and Ryoko was still mad.

Kagato: You can't hurt me, you fool!! I'm immortal! Nothing can harm 
me!! 

Ryoko: We'll try whatever it takes to bring you down, Kagato!!

Kagato: We?? You mean that this person as well?

Trunks: This person has a name, Kagato and his name is Trunks.

Kagato: Oh, how silly of me. Now, I remember you. You have some unusual 
power for a human. Nothing I've never seen before.

Trunks: Believe me, Kagato. This power will bring you down 
permanently!!

	Trunks begins to transform and has his green eyes and yellow hair 
with yellow aura surrounding him.

Kagato: Impressive indeed! I wouldn't mind testing out my powers onto 
you, boy!!

Trunks: Don't worry. You can test your powers on both of us!!

Kagato: Ha! Don't make me laugh, boy! Even though there's two of you, I 
won't be defeated!!

Ryoko: We'll see!

	Soon, both Trunks and Ryoko engage in battle with Kagato. With 
that started, the gang begins to start out their plan.

Washu: Now's our chance! Let's head this way.

	Washu leads the gang to a different part of the ruined city which 
was wide enough to set it up and have it aimed directly above Kagato.

Tenchi: How long before this thing starts running, Washu?

Washu: It should take a few minutes for it to start. Once it's done, we 
should be able to open the gates to the Dead Zone.

Kiyone: In the mean time, Trunks and Ryoko has to keep Kagato busy.

Sasami: Don't worry, Kiyone. They will do whatever it takes for this 
plan to work.

	Back at the battle, Kagato escapes a couple of blast attacks from 
both Trunks and Ryoko. Then, he uses his energy and sends out a green 
beam which stretched out from his hand and wrapped around Ryoko's neck.

Kagato: Feeling a little tied up, Ryoko?

Trunks: Let her go!!

	Trunks uses his sword to cut off the hand of Kagato causing his 
power to fade around Ryoko's neck.

Kagato:(growls) You little ingrate!!! You'll pay for that!!

	He goes after Trunks and he uses some fighting moves on Trunks. 
Trunks was dodging them very easily, but he wasn't going to do this all 
day. He soon grabbed Kagato's arm and swung him around. Then, he 
releases him and sends him flying into a destroyed building. The 
building came down on him and Trunks gathered his power to fire his 
blast straight at the area. A huge explosion cloud was in the air and 
Trunks watches on as Ryoko caught up with him.

Ryoko: He ain't finished, isn't he?

Trunks: No. But, we need to hold him off just for a few more minutes.

Ryoko: I ain't planning on giving up just yet, Trunks.

Trunks: Me neither.

	Kagato erupts out of the area and was in the air with veins 
appearing on his forehead and he was mad and furious as he looks upon 
Trunks and Ryoko.

Kagato: HOW DARE YOU!!!! If you think you could get rid of me that 
easily, then you are most definitely mistaken!!!! I am immortal and 
nothing, and I mean nothing, can stop me now from destroying this 
world!!!!

Ryoko:(smiles) For an immortal, you sure talk too much!

Kagato:(growls) You'll die for this, Ryoko! I swear it!!!

Trunks: Face it, Kagato. You may have immortality, but your strength 
and power doesn't measure up to us.

Ryoko: In other words, you're a weakling.

Kagato: A weakling?!?! That does it!!! I've had it with you two!! I'll 
use all of my power in order to get rid of you both!!

	Kagato begins to power up to his fullest and the gang on the 
ground still awaited for the machine to run.

Washu: It should be done in one minute.

Tenchi: I hope those two can hold off for another minute. 

Ayeka: I really hate to say it, but maybe Trunks and Ryoko can stop 
Kagato.

Mihoshi: How can you stop him when he's immortal?

Kiyone: They may not kill him, Mihoshi. But, they will stop him from 
destroying anyone else here on earth.

Washu: It's done! 

	The machine begins to start by itself and it was about to get the 
Dead Zone for Tenchi and company. Back in the air, Kagato was about to 
finish powering up.

Kagato:(laughing) Now, we will see who is the strongest!!!

Trunks: Ryoko, get behind me.

Ryoko: Huh? Why?

Trunks: Somehow, I can sense that Kagato's power has pass your fighting 
power. But, not mine. If he plans on taking both of us out, he will 
take you out instead of me.

Ryoko: Are you sure?

Trunks: Trust me. The blast from him won't effect me.

Ryoko: Right.

	Ryoko did what he said and gets behind Trunks just before Kagato 
was about to fire his attack.

Kagato: Say good-bye!!!!!

	Kagato unleashes a tremendous blast towards Trunks and Ryoko. 
Trunks shielded himself while Ryoko carefully stayed behind Trunks. The 
blast made impact and the gang from the ground watches on as they saw 
Trunks stood at his position as the blast came.

Kagato:(laughing) Those fools actually thought that they could defeat 
me!(chuckles) Huh?!

	To Kagato's surprisement, he sees Trunks still in his position 
and Ryoko was safe as well. The blast wasn't powerful enough to wipe 
out Trunks.

Kagato: IT CAN'T BE!!!

Trunks: Believe it, Kagato! Even being immortal, your power doesn't 
coexist with mine!!

Kagato:(growls) You fooled me!! I'll make you pay for what you did to 
me!!

Ryoko: You won't have that chance, Kagato!

	Then, the machine was set.

Washu: Ok, you guys. It's showtime!

	Washu turns the machine on and the machine made the sky change 
colors from blue to orange. Soon, electrical storms begin to form as 
the sky begins to take shape. Above Kagato and the rest, a black circle 
begins to appear. As it grew larger, Kagato wonders about it.

Kagato: Huh?! What is this?! Some sort of weather storm?!

Ryoko: Wrong, Kagato. Thanks to Washu, she was able to create a weapon 
where we can put you in it for all eternity. The Dead Zone!

Kagato: The Dead Zone?!?! That's just a myth!!

Trunks: Not anymore. It's time to finish you off, Kagato!!

Kagato: We'll see about that, boy!!

	Kagato wasn't going to give up without a fight. He charges at 
Trunks and Ryoko with whatever he has left inside of him. Tenchi and 
company on the grounds watches on.

Washu: The Dead Zone is opened. All Trunks and Ryoko has to do is get 
Kagato within the range of suction.

Tenchi: In english, Washu.

Washu: In other words, Kagato has to be close to the gate of the Dead 
Zone!

Ayeka: But, how could they do it if they haven't put a dent in Kagato?

Washu: They will find a way or die trying!

	Washu continues to look on as the two fought Kagato in the sky. 
They try to bring Kagato towards them near the entrance of the Dead 
Zone. A few more feet left for them to accomplish their goal. But, 
Kagato stops his motivation.

Kagato: You may think I'm mad, but I'm not stupid! There's a certain 
range for that thing to take anyone or anything. If I'm not mistaken, 
you was trying to get me in that range. Well, you won't fool me!

Trunks: Stay out of this one, Ryoko! 

Ryoko: Huh?

Trunks: If he won't cooperate the easy way, then he'll have to take the 
hard way, my way!!

Kagato: You don't scare me, boy!!!

Trunks: The name is Trunks!!!

	Trunks powers up extremely in front of Kagato and Kagato was 
stunned by it. Trunks uses his power and speed to attack Kagato at all 
sides. Kagato begins to get angry as he was about to stop Trunks 
motivation. But, Trunks uses his kicks to the back which is driving 
Kagato into the range of the Dead Zone. Kagato went on the attack, but 
Trunks caught his arm and swung him around. He releases him and sends 
him within the range. Kagato doesn't know it yet because he is furious.

Kagato:(screams) You wretched boy!!! How dare you do this to me!!!

Ryoko: You're finished, Kagato! You let your ego get the best of you!

Kagato: Huh?! (gasped)

	Kagato turned around to only see the big black hole behind him 
and starting to take him into it. Kagato was starting to use his power 
to stay out of it.

Washu: He's in the range, but Kagato won't give up!

Mihoshi: What if we crank up the machine so that it can shallow him up.

Washu: Mihoshi, don't!!

	Mihoshi then turned the knob on high which starts to run faster 
and makes the Dead Zone bigger which would probably take the whole 
city.

Kiyone:(screams) You knuckle-head!!! Now, you caused a greater threat!!

Mihoshi:(slight chuckle) Whoops.

Washu: I can't stop the machine! Once Kagato is in there, the gate will 
close. But, if this keeps up, the city will go in there as well 
including all of us!

	As the gang begins to get terrified, Kagato was still holding his 
position as the Dead Zone was getting stronger.

Ryoko: Get in there!!

Trunks: He just don't know when to give up!!

Kagato:(laughing) You fool!!! Even with this ingenious plan, you still 
can't get rid of me!!

Trunks: Then perhaps this will!!!

	Trunks fires a blast which hits him head-on, causing him to lose 
control and flies into the Dead Zone.

Ryoko: Ha! That did it!!

	All of a sudden, a green beam come out and gets around Ryoko's 
neck. Trunks looks up at the hole and sees Kagato, barely sticking out.

Kagato:(growls) If I go, I'm not going alone!!!!

Ryoko: Trunks!!!!

Trunks: Ryoko!! Kagato, you're finished!!!!

	Trunks unleashed his sword and throws it directly at Kagato just 
before Ryoko was about to go in. The sword hits Kagato in the arm 
causing the beam to disappear and Kagato was totally inside the haunted 
Dead Zone. Then, the gate begins to get smaller every second and Trunks 
rushes to Ryoko who was floating lifeless in the air.

Trunks: Ryoko, are you alright?

Ryoko: That's...the third time you saved me.

Trunks: Well, don't expect to pay me back with anything. I'm just doing 
what is right.

Ryoko:(sighs) Finally. Kagato is gone forever.

Trunks: And let's just hope he stays gone this time.

	Both of them landed on the ground and Tenchi with everyone else 
rushes to greet them.

Tenchi: Nice work, you two!

Kiyone: Yeah! You really saved us for sure!

Trunks: Thanks!

Sasami: Where's your sword, Trunks?

Trunks: I had to use it against Kagato since he held Ryoko by his 
power. It was either that or Ryoko would join Kagato in the Dead Zone. 
Anyway, I'll have my mom build me another one.

Washu: The gate to the Dead Zone won't be opening anytime soon.

Ryoko: Yeah, which brings to ask this question. How on earth did that 
hole got bigger than it was after being opened?

Kiyone: You have three guesses, but you really need one!!

Ryoko: I take it Mihoshi did it, right?

Kiyone: How did you guess?

Trunks: Well, either way, Kagato is gone and the earth is safe once 
again.

Tenchi: Since that is done, let's go back home so that we can celebrate 
this victory!

Everyone: Yeah!

	As Tenchi and the gang heads back to his home, they know that 
Kagato was gone and never to be heard again. After a victory party and 
a good night's rest, it was time for Trunks to head back home the next 
day.

Tenchi: Feel free to drop by anytime soon, Trunks.

Trunks: I will.

Ayeka: We'll miss you, Trunks. It felt like yesterday we invited you in 
and now you have to go back to your real home.

Trunks: Yeah. No doubt my mother would be worried sick!

Sasami: Just make sure you bring her along so that she can taste my 
cooking like you did.

Trunks: That's a swell idea! I'm sure she'll love the food that you 
cook.

Washu: Next time you go on a Dragonball hunt, make sure you drop by so 
that we can help as well.

Trunks:(blushes) Um...that won't be necessary. I'll manage to get the 
Dragonballs by myself.

Kiyone: We will miss you, Trunks. If you wish, you could join us at the 
Galaxy Police.

Mihoshi: Yeah. So, that we all could bunk together and eat together 
and.....

Kiyone:(angrily) That's enough, Mihoshi!!!

Trunks:(slight chuckle) I'll pass that up, but thank for asking.

Ryoko: Well, this is good-bye, Trunks.

Trunks:(blushes) Um...yeah. It was nice teaming up with you. I've been 
known to train with guys and all, but I've never teamed up with a woman 
that has so much power!

Ryoko: What would you expect from a space pirate?

Trunks: If you need a sparring partner, don't hesitate to drop by my 
house and we'll train there.

Ryoko: Really? You really mean that?

Trunks:(nervous sweat) Yes, I do.

Ryoko:(smiles) Then, you're on!!

Ayeka: Enough, you two! Just kiss and say good-bye!!

Ryoko:(clutching her hand) Ayeka, would you please butt out for another 
minute?!?!?!

Trunks: If there's one thing I'll never do when I'm sparring with you 
is to not get you mad! I can tell there's going to be some explosive 
results.

Ryoko: You better believe it. 

Trunks: I guess this is good-bye, then. Until next time, Tenchi, Ryoko, 
Ayeka, Sasami and everyone. Thank you!

Everyone: So long!!

	Trunks runs off to get a jump start so that he can explode out of 
his position and fly back home. He smiles as he turns his head to see 
Tenchi's house from behind him. He remembers the look on Ryoko's face 
before he left. He not be in love with her, but at least he has a 
friend who understands him and is willing to take him on in a fight!





THE END
