TENCHI MUYO vs. ALIENS
Created by Brian Navy <geosword@fastlane.net>
Copyright © 1996
 
All characters are copyright of their respective owners.

WARNING:  This fanfic contains graphic language and scenes of violence
that may not be suitable for all readers.  If you can't handle dirty
words or gore then don't read this fanfic.  You have been warned!  

AUTHOR'S NOTE:  HELL!  SOMEONE HAD TO DO IT!   I am a huge fan of
Tenchi Muyo and ALIENS and so I thought I could write a better script
than ALIEN 3 using Tenchi Muyo's characters.  :)  To anyone that
actually enjoyed ALIEN 3, GET A LIFE!  That movie blew!  One of the
worst Sequeals I have ever seen!   As always, send me bloody e-mail
telling me that this sucks or rocks!
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

PART ONE - Deep Trouble, A Dark Secret

[The dark expanse of space.  A thousand tiny stars glitter throughout
the cosmos.  A large shape blocks out some stars in the center of the
screen.  Light reflects off the object revealing it is a large ship.
It passes by off screen and the camera pans slowly down and right.  A
static voice fades in to existence as we see another, much smaller
ship flying straight at us.]

VOICE:  Approaching ship, this is space station Gollipali, please
transmit your ship name, registry number and state your business.

[The ship is filling the screen now.  We move in to the cockpit and
see Detective 1st Class Kiyone and Mihoshi of the Galaxy Police seated
at the controls.  Angle change to inside the cockpit.  Loud techno
music is blaring.  Mihoshi is smiling and chair dancing.  Kiyone looks
at her annoyed.]

KIYONE:  Mihoshi!  Turn it down!  I have to make a docking request!

MIHOSHI:  <SCREAMS> What?

KIYONE: TURN IT DOWN, IDIOT!

[Mihoshi leans forward and turns the volume down.]

MIHOSHI:  What did you say?

[Kiyone sighs and shakes her head.  She punches a button on the
control panel.]

KIYONE: Gollipali, this is the Galaxy Police Ship Golaun, registry
number 114237.  Requesting docking clearance.  We need resupply and a
vacation.

VOICE: [over speakers.  A giggle.] Roger that Golaun.  Clearing you
for docking arm four.  Have a nice stay here.  Over to homing beacon.

MIHOSHI:  I can’t wait to walk around freely!  We’ve been cooped up in
this ship for two weeks.

KIYONE:  May I remind you that it was because you screwed up that we
have been stuck out here!?  You are such a bubblehead!

[Mihoshi looks hurt.  Her eyes are starting to water.]

MIHOSHI:  I’m sorry.

KIYONE:  How could you mistake the chief for the criminal Ceris?  

MIHOSHI:  Well, he did look like him from the back.. and..

KIYONE: And so you blast him with a stun gun!?  Mihoshi!  Sometimes I
wonder if aliens have stolen your brain!  You drive me crazy!!!

[Mihoshi starts to cry.  Kiyone looks at her from the corner of her
eye.  Her angry face fades.  She looks guilty now.]

KIYONE:  I’m sorry Mihoshi.. sometimes my mouth gets ahead of my brain.

[Mihoshi sniffles and wipes away tears.]

KIYONE:  But you do do some stupid things.

MIHOSHI: [sniffle] I know.

KIYONE:  But you are my partner..  and I wouldn’t have it any other
way.

[Mihoshi’s eyes light up.]

MIHOSHI:  You really mean that Kiyone?

[Kiyone punches some buttons on the control panel then smiles at
Mihoshi.]

KIYONE:  Yeah.  I do.

[Mihoshi starts to bawl now.]

MIHOSHI:  That’s so sweet of you to say!  I’m so moved!

[Inside the Gollipali Ship Control Center.  Rows of computers are
manned by tons of flight control technicians.  Raised above them all,
in the center of the room, is a platform.  Screens hang down around
the individual seated in the chair on the platform.  The screens show
data on all approaching craft but one of those craft has no data next
to it’s blip on the radar map.  Another computer window opens up in
front of the man.  A young woman is on the screen wearing a headset.]

WOMAN: Commander Foxson.  Contact number 148 is failing to answer my
transmission, sir.

FOXSON:  I can see that.  Have you got an ID lock on that ship?

WOMAN: [She looks down at something off screen.]  It’s coming through
now sir.  [She looks up at the commander.  Another computer window
opens next to hers.  It shows a profile and front view of the ship we
saw at the beginning of the show.]  The ship matches the Listin, a
ship that is owned by the Weyland Yunati company.   [Foxson’s eyes
open wide in recognition.]  My scanners show it to be powerless though
it is following some trajectory.  It is probably on autopilot.

FOXSON:  When it is in range, tractor beam it to docking arm 20.

WOMAN:  Yes sir.

[Her screen disappears.  Foxson presses a button on his console.  A
new window pops open to show a tough stern looking military type guy.
He salutes.]

MAN:  Commander Foxson, sir.

FOXSON:  Sergeant Jalin, Please meet me in my office in 5 minutes.

JALIN:  Yes sir.

[Foxson presses the same button and the window disappears.  Back
outside, the Golaun is moving in to position for docking on arm 4.
When it gets in range several red tractor beams fire out and latch on
to the ship.  Inside the ship, Kiyone kicks back and stretches.]

COMPUTER:  Autodocking engaged.

KIYONE:  I am so tired.  I just want to sleep forever.

MIHOSHI:  I’m really hungry.  Let’s eat before we get a room.

KIYONE:  Good thinking.

[There is a little rattle and the sound of docking clamps grabbing a
hold of the ship.]

COMPUTER:  Docking complete.  Confirming airlock link up.

[Airlock hallway.  The doors open and Mihoshi and Kiyone come walking
down the hall.  The camera pulls back with them as they walk.]

KIYONE:  You know, our vacation is coming up.

MIHOSHI:   It is?  Really?  Oh goodie!

KIYONE:  So what are you planning on doing?

MIHOSHI:  [Twiddles her fingers and looks down at the floor with a
serious face.]  I thought I would go.. and.. see Tenchi.

KIYONE:  Mihoshi!  You have to get over him!  

[They arrive at a lift.  Kiyone pushes the call button.]

MIHOSHI:  I know, but..  I still love him and want to see him.

KIYONE:  He’s happily married.  Just forget about him.  You have to
move on.  You don’t want to be an old lady and still be alone do you?

MIHOSHI:  No.

[There is a PING and the doors slide open to the lift.  When the two
are inside the lift doors close.]

COMPUTER:  Where do you wish to go?

KIYONE:  Take us to the nearest eating establishment please.

COMPUTER:  Proceeding to level 2, section 4.

MIHOSHI:  I got a message from Aeka a few days ago.  She’s pregnant!

KIYONE:  Whoo whoo!  Tenchi’s been a busy husband.

MIHOSHI:  I really miss them all.  It’s been nearly a year.

[Kiyone looks at the floor and smiles at memories.]

KIYONE:  It has, hasn’t it?  Listen, you mind if I come along with you
when you go to see them?

MIHOSHI:  You really want to go with me?

KIYONE:  Yeah.  I would like to see them all again too.

COMPUTER:  Level two.

[The doors slide open.  They walkout.]

MIHOSHI:  I would love it if you came!

[The doors slide shut.  Outside, the Listin moves ever closer to the
space station.  Inside Foxson’s office, the handsome commander sits
behind his desk.  The door slides open and Jalin enters.  He comes to
attention before Foxson and salutes.]

JALIN:  You wanted to see me sir?

FOXSON:  Get your men ready Sergeant.  I want them in full gear and on
level 10 in ten minutes.  I need you to clear all civilians and
non-essential personnel from level  10 before the Listin arrives.

JALIN:  Sir?

FOXSON:  I will brief you further once you have secured deck 10.
Please, do it quickly, before the Listin arrives.

JALIN:  [Confused look.  Salutes.]  Yes sir.

[Jalin about faces and leaves.  Foxson looks down at a datapad.]

FOXSON:  [Voice Over] Damn.  Something went wrong.

[Mihoshi and Kiyone arrive at the Super Nova, a classy restaurant.  It
is busy.  Many different races are gathered at tables and the bar
talking and eating.]

KIYONE:  Busy place.

MIHOSHI:  [Looking around.]  WOW!  They even have a dance floor!

[They walk down the steps into the Super Nova.  Mihoshi looks around
more and spots two other Galaxy Police officers at a table.]

MIHOSHI:  Hey!  It’s Marisa and Kenneth!  Let’s go say hi!

[Kenneth looks up and sees Mihoshi and Kiyone heading his way.  A look
of disappointment crosses his face.]

KENNETH:  Oh lord, not her.

MARISA:  What?  [She looks over her shoulder.]  Oh no..

MIHOSHI:  HI!

[Kiyone waves weakly.]

MARISA:  Well if it isn’t the wonder pair.

KENNETH:  Hey, Mihoshi, if you were going to shoot the chief you
should have used a bigger gun.

[Mihoshi giggles.]

MIHOSHI:  Silly.  [She sits down.]  Why would I want to use a bigger
gun?

KENNETH:  Nevermind.

MARISA:  So Kiyone, you still alive after hanging with her?

[Kiyone glares at Marisa.]

KIYONE: [Sitting down]  I am fine, thank you.

MIHOSHI:  Have you two solved any big cases lately?

MARISA:  There really hasn’t been any since Kain.

[Mihoshi shudders.]

KENNETH:  Seems you always get all the big cases Mihoshi.  Ryoko,
Kagato, Kain..  I would think you would be the head of Galaxy Police by
now, especially with your grandfather..

KIYONE:  Mihoshi has done everything on her own, with no help from her
grandfather.

MARISA:  Touchy.

[CUT TO Foxson’s office.  He is looking a vid window.  Jalin is on
it.]

JALIN:  We should have the level cleared in 5 more minutes, sir.

FOXSON:  Good.  The Listin is almost here.  When you have completed
clearing the level I want you to divide your men up into squads.
Bring your best squad to the airlock to docking arm 20.  I will meet
you there.

JALIN:  Yes sir.  Jalin, out.

[The Listin is grabbed by several red tractor beams.  They pull the
large ship into position and dock it with the airlock arm.  CUT back
to Foxson and a squad of 20 men plus Jalin lined up.  The soldiers
wear a bright reddish plastic looking armor and have helmets with
green visors down over their eyes.  We hear the CLANG of the docking.]

FOXSON:  All right.  We give them 5 minutes.  If no one shows then I
want you to go in Sergeant.

JALIN:  What exactly can we expected to find on this ship, sir?

FOXSON:  A bunch of dead crew members and a horde of pissed off
hostile aliens.

[The coolness in which Foxson says that stuns Jalin.  His men look a
little shaken now.]

JALIN:  Aliens sir?

FOXSON:  Yeah.  Aliens.  They are fast and brutally vicious but I am
confident that you and your men can handle them.

JALIN:  Uh sir..  may I ask how you know this?

FOXSON:  An anonymous tip was given to me an hour before the Listin
came in to the area.

SOLDIER:  Why don’t we just detach the ship and blow it up?

FOXSON:  There may still be survivors on board and I want this ships
flight log and datacorder.

JALIN:  Yes sir.  Understood.  All right men.  Lock and load!  Get hot
people!

[CUT BACK to the Super Nova.  The table now has food and drinks on
it.]

MIHOSHI: [Appears to have had to much to drink already, even though
she has only had a glass and a half.]..then BOOOOOOM!  Kiyone blew Kain
up with the dimensional cannon!  It was so colorful!

[Marisa looks at Kenneth who shakes his head.  They both look like
they’d rather be playing scrabble.  Kiyone puts some of her food in
her mouth and chews quietly.]

MARISA:  Oh colorful?  [snort]  I bet it was.

MIHOSHI:  Oh it was so pretty.. [She gazes off in to space.]

KENNETH:  So you did Kain in Kiyone?  You failed to mention that in
your report.

[She swallows.]

KIYONE:  I suppose I did.  [Takes another bite.]

KENNETH:  Well congratulations.  Trying for a promotion real quick
aren’t we?  Maybe looking for reassignment again, eh?  [He smiles.]

KIYONE:  Look, Ken dear.. if your trying to piss me off, you’re doing a
pretty good job of it.  [She glares at him.]

KENNETH:  Piss you off?  Heavens no  I just can’t see why you dumped
me, your old partner, for this little bimbo.

KIYONE:  [Stands up quickly knocking her chair over.  She slams her
fists down on the table rattling the plates.]  Because you were an
asshole Kenneth and still are!

[The people around them stop and stare for a moment.  Kiyone picks her
chair back up and yanks Mihoshi up.]

MIHOSHI:  Is it time to go already?  [Looks at her watch.]  But it’s
so early.

[Kiyone gives Kenneth the bird then leaves with Mihoshi.  CUT BACK to
Foxson’s group.  His watch beeps.]

FOXSON:  Times up.  We must assume the worst.  Good hunting Sergeant.

JALIN:  Yes sir.  [Salutes]  Morgan, open this ship up!

[Morgan, a lion (police chief) humanoid runs up to the airlock hatch
at the end of the long docking corridor.  The other soldiers file in
behind him, guns at the ready.  Morgan quickly removes the control
panel and attaches a device to it.  After a moment the door pad light
turns from red to green.  The doors to the Listin slide open.  The
soldiers run inside back to back.  BACK with Foxson, who is now
wearing a headset.  Not ALL the soldiers went in.  He has 5 standing
guard with him outside.]

JALIN: [Over Foxson’s headset] We’re in!  Stay sharp people!

FOXSON:  The anonymous tipper told me to be wary of hot humid places
and to watch for a strange secreted residue which comes from the alien
creatures.  They make the stuff and place it on the walls, floor and
ceiling for some reason.  You will know it when you see it.  If you
run into that stuff, be very very cautious.

JALIN: Yes sir.

[WITH JALIN.  His squad is in a tighter metal grated corridor.  Pipes
run the length of the walls into the darkness.  The hall is lit red by
emergency lights giving the scene an ominous glow.]

JALIN:  Two teams.  Alpha team will make for the bridge and get the
datacorder.  Bravo team sweep rear to search for survivors.  I’ll lead
Alpha.  Cormear, you take Bravo.

CORMEAR:  [Vulcan looking woman.]  Yes sir.  Let’s go Bravo!

[Cormear plus 7 others head aft.]

JALIN:  [When Cormear’s team is out of sight.] Let’s go.

[Various transitional scenes showing both teams making their way
through the ship.  They are finding no signs of crew when Jalin’s team
stumbles upon their first evidence something has happened.  The
corridor they are in is twice as wide as a normal one with doors
spaced apart every ten feet.  We can tell this is the crew quarters
section.  There are blast marks on the walls, parts of the ceiling
hang down in a jumble of wiring.  A few pipes spew out hissing white
steam.]

JALIN:  Foxson, sir.  We have something here sir.

FOXSON:  [Over headset] What do you have?

JALIN:  Looks like signs of fighting sir, heavy fighting.  [Spots a
large section on the floor that looks melted.  He looks down the hole
which goes down for several decks.]  What the hell did this?

FOXSON: [Over headset.]  What is it Sergeant?

SOLDER #1:  [Looking down hole.]  Damn.  Looks melted.

JALIN:  Battle damage sir.  Looks like the deck at this point got
melted through.  Whatever melted it went down several decks.  [Looks
around.  Sees more melted points on the walls and floor further down.]
Jeez.  What the hell happened here?

FOXSON: [Over headset]  The alien creatures use a form of concentrated
acid for blood.

SOLDIER #3:  This gets better by the minute.

JALIN:  Acid, sir?

FOXSON:  [Over headset] Yes.  Acid.

[The soldiers look at each other.  Some shake their heads in
disbelief.  Jalin frowns.]

JALIN:  Understood sir.  We’re continuing our sweep forward to the
bridge.

[Jalin’s group moves forward.  CUT TO Bravo group.  They are walking
through a corridor that has similar battle damage.  They continue
walking on.  One soldier shines a light on the wall nearby that is
smeared with blood, dried.  CUT BACK to Alpha group.  They are moving
cautiously onward.]

JALIN:  Bravo Teams, what’s your sitrep?

CORMEAR: [Over headset]  Approaching engineering section.  Signs of
heavy resistance in this area.

JALIN:  Roger that.  Stay sharp.  We’re almost to the bridge.  Report
if you find anything out of the ordinary.

CORMEAR: [Over headset] Yes sir.

[Alpha group walks up a short staircase that ends in front of a pair
of double bulkhead doors.  The word BRIDGE is prominently displayed
next to the doors.  The doors have been bent inward toward the bridge
side and there are more signs of explosions and acid melting.  Jalin
presses the access button but nothing happens.]

JALIN:  Fuck.  Through the hole I guess.  I’ll go first.

[Jalin shines his helmet light through the hole illuminating a small
portion of the bridge.  He climbs through the man-sized rip in the
doors and on to the bridge.  It is in shambles.  He sweeps the dark
bridge with his head lamp.  Most of the consoles are destroyed.  The
main command chair has been torn in half.  Wires hang from the
ceiling.  Blast marks litter the walls at random intervals.  Red blood
is splattered across the room.  More of the soldiers crawl in behind
Jalin and gape in awe at the sight.

JALIN:  God…

SOLDIER #1:  One hell of a battle.

SOLDIER #4:  Poor bastards.

JALIN:  All right.  Enough gawking.  Let’s get that damn datacorder
and get out of here, provided it’s even intact.

[The soldiers fan out and take up guard positions around the bridge
while Jalin and Morgan make their way for the control panel that
contains the datacorder system.  It has a nice size hole right in the
middle of it.  Morgan pulls out a tool similar in appearance to a
screwdriver.  With a VRRRRRRRRR from the tool, he quickly removes the
plate.  The blast landed just below the datacorder housing.  Both Jalin
and Morgan let out a sigh of relief.  Morgan plugs a laptop computer
in to two terminal ports then turns on the power.  Some lights come to
life on the control panel.  Morgan types away.]

MORGAN:  The datacorder *was* damaged but I think I can retrieve most
of the data.  Hopefully the stuff we need isn’t the damaged part.

JALIN:  How long?

MORGAN:  Take about 5 minutes sir.

CORMEAR:  [Over headset]  My god.. what the hell is this?

[CUT TO Cormear’s group.  They are standing in the middle of a large
open chamber.  The walls are covered in a black bony looking material.
Glued to the stuff are crew members, their chests burst open from the
inside out.  The floor is littered with 5 fingered things that look
like hands with long tails.  Opened and closed egg sacks are scattered
about.]

JALIN:  [Over headset]  What is it Cormear?

CORMEAR:  Sir, we’ve found the crew..  they’re all dead.  We’re
standing in the middle of what looks like a nightmare.  The walls are
covered in some sort of secretion and the crew have been glued into
the walls.  Their chests look like they were torn open from the inside
out.

FOXSON:  [Over headset]  I strongly recommend you pull out of there
now.

[One of the soldiers has made his way over to one of the glued crew
members.  This man’s chest however is not ripped open.  The soldier
gets closer and sees the man is still breathing.]

SOLDIER:  YO!  I have a live one here!

[They rush over to the soldier and start trying to rip the stick
secretion off the man.  Unseen, an alien egg opens up.]

SOLDIER #2:  Damn!  This stuff is strong!

FOXSON:  [Over headset, More urgent sounding]  Cormear, you have to
get out of there now.  Leave that man be.  You cannot help him.  Get
out of there now.

[From inside the egg one of the tailed hands, a facehugger, crawls out
onto the lip of the egg.  The man’s eyes suddenly open.]

SOLDIER #3:  He’s awake!

MAN:  Help.. me.

CORMEAR:  Hang on sir!  We’ll have you out of there in just a moment.

MAN:  I can.. feel it.. inside me..  I don’t want to die..

SOLDIER #1:  Hang in there sir.  We’ve almost got you free.

[One of the soldiers, who can’t get in to help stands by idly watching
the struggle to free the man.  The soldier catches a glimpse of
something out of the corner of his eye.  He turns to face the open
egg.  He sees the facehugger turn to face him.]

SOLDIER:  What the-

[He doesn’t get to finish his sentence.  Although the facehugger is a
good ten yards away, it uses it’s powerful tail like a spring and
shoots itself across the space like a rocket.  The soldier is hit
square in the face by the facehugger.  It latches on with it’s fingers
and wraps it’s tail around his neck.  As a reflex action the soldier
fires his gun.  It makes a thunderous racket in the enclosed area.
Everyone stops helping the man and turns to see the soldier fall to
the ground with the facehugger firmly gripped to his face.]

CORMEAR:  What the hell is that!?

FOXSON:  GET THE HELL OUT OF THERE NOW!

[The man suddenly cries out and starts to convulse wildly.  He flops
around wildly, having been freed half way from the secreted prison.
Blood spews out of his mouth.  The soldiers back away quickly.  There
is a geyser of flesh and blood as the man’s chest explodes.  The spray
is enough to cover some of the soldiers.  A long worm like creature
with tiny arms and clawed hands emerges from the gore and hisses.]

SOLDIER #2:  FUCK!

[He points at the creature and fires his rifle at it.  Green energy
bolts fire rapidly out of his gun frying the alien.  Once again, the
gun makes a terrible racket.  When the sound fades a new sound can be
heard.  Hissing, heavy breathing.  The soldiers start to look above
and around them frantically for what is making the noise.  CUT BACK to
Jalin’s group.]

JALIN:  What the fuck is going on down there Cormear!?

MORGAN:  Download complete sir.

CORMEAR:  [Over headset] Salis is down!  Something’s attached itself
to his face!  What is making that sound!?

FOXSON:  Get out of there now!  Do it goddamnit!  NOW!

[BACK WITH Cormear.]

CORMEAR:  Let’s get the fuck out of here!  Grab Salis!

[A soldier goes over to pick up Salis when something black, huge,
comes down the wall and leaps on his back.  The soldier drops his gun
and is yanked forcefully back with the alien to the wall.  The soldier
screams as the alien STINGS him with it’s barbed tail.  The soldier
passes out.  The alien drags the soldier back up into it’s hole in the
wall above.]

CORMEAR:  FUCK!  Go to infrared people!

[Cormear presses a button on the side of her helmet.  The energy visor
turns red.]

FOXSON:  No!  INFRARED is no good, god damn it!  Switch to electromagnetic
imaging!!!  FALLBACK! 

[Cormear presses the button again and the energy visor turns white.
From her point of view we see her look up and she sees dozens of forms
moving on the ceiling and along the walls.  She screams out and starts
firing her pulse gun at the aliens.  The other soldiers switch over
and start firing also!  FROM CORMEAR’S Point of View.  We see the
aliens as a glowing white outline.  A red crosshair cycles over each
one in her view.  NORMAL VIEW.  Green bolts zip up into the darkness
striking the aliens.  The creatures, illuminated for a brief second in
a green light explode raining down acid.  By now the soldiers are
withdrawing and only the rear guard soldier gets splashed with acid.
He drops to the ground in agony.  He falls over and is still.  The
others are now running backwards while shooting into the dark.  BACK
WITH Jalin.]

JALIN:  Damn it!  Come on!  Let’s go people!  We got to get Bravo team
out of the fire!

FOXSON:  [Over headset]  Negative Sergeant!  Get that datacorder info
back here!

JALIN:  No sir!  My team comes before this!  Let’s go!

[Jalin’s men rush out the hole as fast as they can.  CUT BACK to
Cormear.  Her group, what’s left of it, are running frantically down
the dark corridors.  Screeches and hissing can be heard not far
behind.  Suddenly, one of the soldiers stops and turns around.
Cormear stops too while the others keep on running.]

CORMEAR:  What are you doing Jass!?  COME ON!

JASS:  You go sir!  I will hold them off!  We can’t out run them!
They’re to fast!  GO ON!  I’ll buy you guys time!

CORMEAR:  No Jass!  I am ordering you to withdrawal!

JASS:  Court Martial me!  GET GOING!

[Cormear backs up a few steps as the Aliens come in to view on her
visor screen.  She runs away.]

JASS:  All right boys!  Meet Mr. Plasma gun!!!

[Jass holds down the trigger and green bolts spew forth!  Aliens are
torn to pieces left and right as he sweeps the corridor!]

JASS:  Not so tough now are you!?  COME ON ASSHOLES!  Plenty for
everyone!!!

[Jass has not stopped firing.  He is mowing down aliens left and right
but more and more take their place.  A gauge on the plasma gun shows
us the power reading and the heat level.  The power bar is
disappearing rapidly while the heat bar climbs into the red.]

GUN:  Overheat<PING>Overheat<PING>Overheat<PING> [Still firing!
Shouting!  Cursing!]  Critical<PING>Critical<PING>Critical<PING>

[The heat gauge is now complete lit.  The energy bar is down to only ¼
of it’s length.  More green bolts!  More aliens are splattered!  Then,
suddenly, the gun stops shooting.]

GUN:  Shutdown Started, Please wait for cooling.

JASS:  Shit!  [Drops the plasma gun and draws two hand blasters and
starts firing while backing up.]

[An alien crawls out an airduct opening behind Jass.  It lands behind
him with a loud THUD.  Jass spins around but the alien is RIGHT in his
face.  It grabs him by the side the side of the head, opens up it’s
slobbering jaw and fires it’s teeth filled tongue through Jass’s head.
CUT TO Cormear’s group running.  The sounds of plasma fire have
stopped in the distance.]

JALIN:  [Over headset]  What’s your position Bravo Team!?

CORMEAR:  On our way out!  Deck 4, section 10 I think!!!  There must
be hundreds of them!  [Screeching in the distance]  I can still hear
them!  They are still coming!

FOXSON:  [Over headset]  The ship had a crew of 88 so there can’t be
more than that on board!

JALIN:  We’re on deck 3, Section 3!  The exit is in section 5, deck 2!
HAUL ASS CORMEAR!

CORMEAR:  Don’t have to tell me twice!  MOVE!  MOVE!  MOVE!!!

[Cormear’s group continues to run at full speed.  The man that has the
lead point of view.  It’s a frantic run.  The scene bounces around
wildly.  Suddenly something swings down in front of him from a vent in
the ceiling.  NORMAL VIEW.  An alien grabs the soldier by the head and
rips it off.  Cormear fires on it blowing the creatures head off.
Acid sprays everywhere, a majority of it hitting another soldier in
the face.  He screams until the acid finally dissolves his mouth.  He
slumps down dead.]

CORMEAR:  NO!  NO!

SOLDIER:  Come on sir!!!

[The two keep running.  The reach a ladder and climb up it to deck 2.
Cormear looks down and sees the aliens below.  They are starting to
climb up the ladder.]

CORMEAR:  FUCK YOU!!!

[She pulls out a grenade, presses the button on top to arm it and
drops it down the hole.  She takes off running with the soldier.  An
explosion rocks the scene a second later.  Flames belch out of the
ladder well opening and threatens to engulf Cormear and her partner
but they manage to outrun it.  They run past a sign that reads, "DECK
2, SECTION 7."]

[JALIN’S GROUP.  They are at the airlock docking arm entrance. ]

JALIN:  Get that datacorder to Foxson, Morgan.  The rest of you with
me!

MORGAN:  Yes sir!

[Morgan makes his way down the corridor while Jalin and company
continue on through the ship.  BACK WITH Cormear.  They run along
frantically.  Another alien leaps down out a vent.  Cormear roars out
and smashes her gun into the aliens elongated head.  It losses it’s
balance and falls to the ground.  Cormear fires several bolts into
before continuing on.  Screeching and hissing can be heard close by!
They run even faster.  Cormear dares to look over her shoulder.
Several white forms are back a ways and gaining fast.  She set’s
another grenade, arms it and drops it on the ground.  The two run even
faster.  6 seconds later the grenade goes off catching a group of
aliens dead center in the blast!  Bits of them fly!  JALIN’S GROUP.
The explosion is heard loud and clear.]

JALIN:  Keep on coming Cormear!  You are almost on top of us!  [To
squad]  Switch to electromagnetic imaging.

[Everyone presses their helmet button and cycle through to the EI
mode.  CORMEAR.  They come to a stairway and run up it.  She trips,
looks back to see a mob of aliens within 20 yards.  She screams and
fires her gun wildly while getting up.  Her partner fires too!  The
two back up the steps.  JALIN’S view.  We see two human  forms come
into view from the stairs.]

JALIN:  We have a visual on you two!  Fall back to our position!

[Cormear and partner run for it.  The make it to Jalin’s group just as
the first of the aliens pop up over the stair’s landing.]

JALIN:  FIRE!

[Everyone fires filling the corridor with green bolts!  It’s certain
death for any alien that shows it’s head.  The group of soldiers start
to back up while continuing to lay down masking fire.  Cormear looks
to her right and there is vent there.  Inside the vent she sees the
white form of an alien.]

CORMEAR:  LOOK OUT!!!

[The warning comes a little late as the alien leaps out and tackles
one the soldiers to the ground.  Jalin kicks it in the face.  It whips
it’s tail around knocking Jalin violently into the wall.  Another
soldier draws a bead on it but is impaled by the tail.  Cormear fires
a few bolts into the alien blowing it back.  Luckily, no acid hits
anyone.  Those that are not distracted continue firing at the horde
trying to make their way down the corridor.  The distraction the one
alien caused has allowed the mob to get dangerously close.  The squad
starts to realize this and start backing up.  Jalin staggers to his
feet, shakes his head then starts firing with the rest.  SCREECH!
FHOOOM!  SPLATTER!  HSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!  It’s pure chaos!]

SOLDIER:  Is there no end to them!?

[The floor breaks open suddenly behind the group a few aliens start to
climb out.  Cormear sees what is happening and turns to fire on them.
She gets a few shots off before her gun runs out of ammo.  She draws
her side arm and continues to fire on the aliens that are trying to
come up through the hole.  Jalin turns and helps her out.  The
soldiers start to leap over the hole while Jalin and Cormear continue
firing down into it.  The other soldiers fire on the aliens on the
corridor.]

JALIN:  Run!  All of you!

[They all run, Jalin and Cormear running backwards while shooting.]

JALIN:  Go on Cormear!  Run!

CORMEAR:  No sir!

[Draws two grenades and arms them.]

JALIN:  I said run damn it!

[Cormear reluctantly runs away.  Jalin fires his rifle one handed until
it finally clicks empty.  He drops the rifle and puts a grenade in
each hand.  The aliens swarm him but before they can kill him he
presses the detonators on both grenades.  Cormear runs at full speed
and is shaken off her feet by the explosion that results from Jalin’s
final attack.  She quickly gets up and keeps running.  She makes it to
the open door leading down the airlock corridor back to the station.
The remaining soldiers are already half way down it.  She starts to
jog down the tunnel.  She gets a few yards when some of the aliens
come leaping through the door, running along the walls, ceiling and
floor.  FOXSON’s men aim their guns down the tunnel.  Cormear notices
this and dives instinctively when she hears the hiss behind her.  The
soldiers fire filling the tunnel with green energy bolts.]

FOXSON:  No you idiots!  STOP SHOOTING!

[They do not listen.  Cormear belly crawls underneath the fire.
Aliens screech and die behind her but she does not look back.  A loud
HISSING sound is heard as acid starts to eat the deck.]

FOXSON:  Hold your fire!  Seal the tunnel!

MORGAN:  Sir!  What about Cormear!

[The acid suddenly eats through the metal opening a hole into the
vacuum of space.  A WHOOSHING sound starts as the oxygen is drawn out
through the ever widening hole!  Emergency alarms start to go off.]

COMPUTER:  Hull breach in docking arm 20!  Sealing area!

[Cormear feels herself being dragged toward the hole.  She grabs on to
a hand hold and holds on for dear life.  The rate at which the oxygen
is being sucked out the now human sized hole is causing a strong wind.
The docking arm doors start to seal but they stop half way.  One of
the soldiers loses his footing and is dragged into the tunnel by the
wind.  He cannot get a grip on anything and his sucked out the hole.
Cormear’s hand slips and she to is sucked out into space.  An alien
gets sucked out but the others are still climbing along the walls and
ceiling.  Large bulkheads start to descend at either end of the
corridor in which Foxson’s men are standing.  Foxson claws his way
along the wall fighting off the wind.  His few men try to follow.
Another one loses their footing and is sucked down the tunnel and out
the hole.  Foxson, Morgan and two others manage to make it out of the
corridor before it is sealed.]

FOXSON:  My God, what a total fuck up!

MORGAN:  We have the datacorder sir.

FOXSON:  At what cost?  Those things are now on the station!

MORGAN:  But they aren’t going anywhere sir.  Those bulkheads are 3
feet thick.  And if they do punch through the hull breach will cause
more to come down.  We can call for help before they ever reach any
place they can do damage.

[Foxson looks at the datacorder.]

FOXSON:  I wouldn’t be so sure on that.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
THE END OF PART ONE!
