Dark Energy Trilogy
By William Benjamin Grilliette (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

All material of or relating to *Tenchi Muyo!* are copyrighted by Pioneer LD and AIC.
All material of or relating to *Men in Black* are copyrighted by Marvel/Malibu Comics and Columbia/Tristar Pictures.
All material of or relating to "Evil Pii" or "Nerti Ro" is property of William Benjamin Grilliette.
All material of or relating to "Angelbane duSoleil", "Cassandra duSoleil", or "Katiara duSoleil" is property of Jeffrey Williams.
More information about cast, plot, and story is available at http://evilpii.dorm4.org/.

Part 3:  Tenchi Muyo! / Men in Black: Inheritance
By William Benjamin Grilliette  (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Act 1

Scene 1

{Total darkness fills the view.  A single female voice, Nerti Ro's voice, breaks the silence of
this eternal night with her words in a solemn and regretful tone.}

Nerti:  NVO Energy, the polar opposite of Jurai Power...  the darkness of the universe...

{Pan back so see the edge of this shadow to be a flaring inferno of obisidian, edged with light
as crimson as blood, floating over a white background.}

Nerti:  To those of Royal Jurai lineage, this vicious fire could paralyze them with pain, induce
	coma, or even kill...  To a Ryoan like the famous space pirate Ryoko or mad scientist
	Washu Hakubi, this shadow is as harmless as cloth...  unless focused directly upon them,
	then it is the same as if with someone without special powers...

{Follow along this wild edge and superimpose Kain's mask.  Kain's face twists into a sinister
smile of confidence in his power.}

Nerti:  There was once a being composed entirely of this energy, Kain...  He represented its
	essence as a creature of total and complete destruction while he murdered and decimated
	worlds across the known universe...  maybe even some we don't know yet...

{Kain fades away into the pitch black while Nerti continues her description.}

Nerti:  However, the darkness is not always so obvious as the destroyer Kain...  It hides,
	waiting its time to arise and undo the good that life has tried to make...

{Another face's ghostly form fades up and floats along with the view, Kagato of Jurai's visage.}

Nerti:  Kagato of Jurai, the man who tried to usurp the throne of the Jurai Empire, was obsessed
	with the Jurai Power and increasing his own strength...  In the end, he gained more power
	through the NVO energy, the "darkness of the universe" he spoke of...  He is one of the
	only to Juraians to ever combine these two and live...

{Next to Kagato's image, a beautiful Japanese girl's youthful expression graces the shadows with
him, Achika.}

Nerti:  The other is the now legendary Achika Masaki, who killed Kain by absorbing some of his
	energy via the Tenchiken Key, making her sword enormous...  Whoever the holder of this
	power, never has this energy been used for peace, like the Jurai Power was to create the
	Juraian civilization...

{Achika and Kagato fade away into the shadows when Ayeka and Nerti's faces appear opposed to each
other, both with emotionless expressions as though in trances while Nerti's voice becomes even
more somber in her speech.}

Nerti:  This is the tragic use of the dark power throughout history...

{Ayeka's gentle and noble vocal can be heard in the background, growing in strength.}

Ayeka & Nerti:  And, I fear that it will only be moreso in the very near future...

{Nerti's voice fades away while Ayeka's takes precident.}

Ayeka:  I know it...  She is coming...

{View fades completely to black.}

End Scene 1

Scene 2

{A Jurai border station floats in the blackness of space, illuminated by the light of distant
stars and its own exterior lighting.  Ships dock and leave the station in an orderly fashion,
unhurried like a monotonous waltz of boredom.  On the main deck, several terminals are headed by
ordinary Jurai citizens going about their jobs without much worry while at the center of the
chamber is a man with white hair and beard wearing royal robes, Ayeka and Sasami's uncle as well
as Sagami's father, the director of the station.  He watches over all the goings-on in the
command stations when he takes a sip of tea from the cup of tea in his hand.  A younger officer,
his lieutenant, stands at his side and speaks to him somewhat content with his surroundings.}

Lieutenant:  Seems nothing out of the ordinary today.

Director:  {Nods.}  As it should be.

Lieutenant:  {Chuckles some.}  You mean you don't miss the days like when your nieces broke
	through the lines?  After all, your son had plenty of fun that day.

{The director smiles some as he sets his cup down.}

Director:  True, it was fun for him.  A little excitement would be good, but not so much as there
	was during the coup.

{The lieutenant only nods when one subordinate frowns at the console before him.  The lieutenant
glances over to him with a usual inspecting gaze.}

Lieutenant:  What is it?  A rouge meteor?

Subordinate:  No, sir.  It...  well, by the readings I have... It shouldn't be there but... it
	is...

{The lieutenant slowly steps towards the subordinate and kneels to look over the young man's
shoulder.  Upon the boy's monitor is a diagram of a sphere-like shape, like a ball of pure fire
rotating in three dimensions.  The lieutenant examines all the readings displayed on the screen,
becoming increasingly muddled.}

Lieutenant:  Mass... zero...  Then it's energy...  Surface temperature... zero... {Stops and
	yells out.}  Wait!  That's not possible!  Nothing can have an absolute zero temperature
	with zero mass and possibly exist!

Subordinate:  Yeah, sir!  It's like it isn't there... but it is!

{The director stands and calls down to the subordinate.}

Director:  Bring a visual of it on the main monitor.

{The subordinate nods and begins to type in commands while the lieutenant stands and goes to the
director's side.}

Lieutenant:  What do you think, commander?  A Science Academy prank?

{The director's face has gotten terribly serious as the image from the subordinate's screen
appears enlarged before the entire room.  Everyone looks up to see the three-dimensional diagram
of the fireball with amazement, as well as murmurring rising amongst them.  The director calls to
the subordinate once more, his voice becoming increasingly quiet.}

Director:  Show it in context.

{The youth complies and replaces the diagram of the flaming ball with an actually real-time
stream of a black fireball hurtling through space, almost invisible with the void of space, save
the stars and nebulae in the distance.  The director's eyes narrow while he thinks aloud.}

Director:  It's heading the wrong way...

{The lieutenant shows a confused expression looking at the director.}

Lieutanent:  What do you mean, commander?  What does any of this mean?

{The director's gaze is unmoving from the image on the main screen.}

Director:  Contact the Emperor.  Now.  {To the subordinate.}  I want you to send that data stream
	to the SA immediately.  I want it tracked.

{The young man at the console yells out again, this time shocked and apprehensive.}

Subordinate:  Commander!  It's approaching the border shield!

{Everyone turns to the display to see the black mass ram into the border field of Jurai energy
satellites.  Upon impact, the intersection of the flaming globe and the field showers red and
blue sparks across the immediate area while blue and red energy arcs on both objects.  All the
young people at the consoles scream out when a field satellite explodes, followed by another and
another.  Soon, the field satellites blocking the fireball's path are annihilated, allowing it to
pass.  Everyone, save the director, is aghast.  Some stand from their seats in horror watching
the mighty Jurai Power not hold this ball of shadows.  The blackness then accelerates into a
blinding speed and is gone within moments, leaving a gaping hole in the Jurai Empire's
defensive shields.  The lieutenant turns to the director, who is firm in his resolve and yet
somehow confused.}

Director:  That should be headed for Jurai...  not space...

{Fade from the director's stern look to Zed's just as grave expression glaring over his desk.
Across from him in his quasi-futurist briefing room are two young agents, both rookies, sitting
in egg-shaped chairs, both with teardrops and wry expressions as Zed continues with a
chewing-out.}

Zed:  Boy, you threatened to shoot the suspect's reproductive organs off!  What kind of
	interrogation tactic is that?!

Agent:  {Smiles wryly.}  An effective one...?

{Zed's face visibly becomes more angered by the agent's words while the two youths look at each
other, both feeling quite doomed.}

Zed:  Get out of my office, both of you!  I'll find an assignment suitable to teach you two
	proper procedure!

{The two agents sigh deeply as they stand and walk to the door which opens on their approach.
Zed lifts a book from his desk and pulls back to throw when one agent notices and pushes the
other through the door quickly.  Zed tosses the book after them to only hit the door after it has
sealed.  He shakes his head and settles back into his seat, muttering to himself.}

Zed:  Green kids...

{A beeping tone comes from his desk causing Zed to look over to a small control pad next to his
right hand.  One button is glowing in sync with the tone pulses.  He presses this key, and a
communication window opens before him with first static which clears to see an experienced
agent's face looking back, R's.  Zed's face lightens some seeing R's face with the splendor of
the Jurai Palace filling the background behind R.  However, R's serious and grave expression is
caught by Zed's eye.}

Zed:  What's wrong, R?  Juraians starting to get too stuck up after a year?

{Zed smiles some while R shakes his head and brings to speak.}

R:  No, boss.  This time, I've got news for you.

{Zed rests his cheek on his hand with a sigh.}

Zed:  Good or bad?

R:  Grave.  Look, boss.  This isn't a social call.  There was an incident at a Jurai border
	station earlier today.

{Zed sits up in his seat again becoming slowly more attentive.}

Zed:  How's that affect us?

R:  Pretty badly.  The incident left Jurai's defensive perimeter facing Earth's direction
	compromised, with a hole the size of a planet.

{Zed blinks in confusion before concern starts to bleed into his voice.}

Zed:  A hole the size of a planet... in Jurai's defensive perimeter?  Are you sure?  Nothing
	could possibly do that.

R:  {Nods.}  It happened, Zed.

{R lifts his hand with an optical disk in his hand.}

R:  I have the report and data to prove it.  A ball of concentrated, pure NVO energy the size of
	a planet broke through the Jurai perimeter at 0000 GST this morning.

{Zed obviously recognizes that energy type, as well as the implications of a mass that size,
while R continues the dreadful report.}

R:  The SA, at the order of the commander of the border station as well as Emperor Azusa himself,
	have been tracking the NVO planet after it left Jurai space.  Currently, it's on a
	direct path for Earth.  It should arrive under 120 hours from now, five days.

{Zed takes a breath slowly and looks down at the desk, amazed by what the younger agent has just
told him.  R sighs as he voice becomes more familiar with his superior.}

R:  Zed, I know this is a hard blow.  I still haven't really taken it all in yet since I'm all
	the way here on Jurai.

{Zed speaks softly while he closes his eyes.}

Zed:  Has the SA thought up any plan on how to combat this thing?

R:  {Shakes his head.}  No, their best scenario would be to have the entirity of the Jurai Royal
	Family mount an all-out assault on the planet, but that's impossible due to the distances
	and speeds involved, not to mention the time to gather the Royals again.

{Zed sighs hard and sits back in his chair looking back at R.}

Zed:  So, it's over for Earth, huh?  Just like that?  No climatic battle, no heros?  Just a big
	ball that mows us down?

R:  {Nods.}  It looks like...  I'm sorry...  If we up here knew anything earlier, we would have
	sent word.  I swear by that.

{Zed looks down at the documents before him.  Several of them read "Deportation:  " followed by
the name of an alien resident, but under them, he sees a file reading "1997:  Mecha-Nerti",
"attempted assassination of Agent Zed...".  Zed looks up to R with a glimmer in his eye.}

Zed:  Has anyone connected Dr. Hakubi yet?

R:  {Shakes his head.}  No, I don't think so.  Are you thinking of...?

{Zed smiles to himself while R starts to have some hope rise in him also.}

Zed:  I'll be in touch.

R:  Yes, sir!

{R's window vanishes while Zed pulls out the M.Nerti file and thumbs through it until he gets to
a certain page, "Parties involved:".  He skims the page with the following names listed:  "Tenchi
Masaki, Ryoko, Ayeka of Jurai, Sasami of Jurai, Dr. Washu Hakubi...".  Fade out on Washu's name.}

End Scene 2

Scene 3

{Jet engine noise drowns out all other sound that could be created at the Tokyo International
Airport while planes come and go in their scheduled paths.  In the flight pattern, one black jet
flies down towards an isolated area of the terminal.  Once on the ground, it taxis over to the
main building and soft docks.  Two agents, J and L, quickly exit the aircraft before the plane
separates and taxis back around to take off once more.  Within the terminal, the two agents walk
together towards a nearby elevator, J normally with his confidence about him compared to L who is
quiet and to herself.  J looks over at her and then smiles to himself.}

J:  Hey, L.  How're you going to examine your patients?

{L stops and glances over at J confusedly while J stops and puts his hands on his hips with a
smile on his face.}

L:  What...?

J:  Don't tell me you're not going to check in on those two princesses, doctor.  I know part of
	the reason you're going on this trip is to look in on them.

{L thinks for a moment and then smiles.}

L:  Oh yeah... Ayeka and Sasami...  I'd forgotten...

J:  {Laughs.}  Come on, L!  You saved Ayeka's life if not Sasami's the last time we saw them.
	Don't give me this "I'd forgotten" shit!

L:  Well, it would be nice to see them again.  That has to be the case that I've cared about the
	most.

J:  {Thinks.}  I was kinda partial to the Arquillian case myself...

{L shakes her head and steps on J's foot, making J cringe and hop away on his good foot from L
while starting to laugh some.}

J:  Okay, Okay...!  Sorry!

{L laughs while J puts his other foot down and joins her.  L sighs and looks back at the ground.}

L:  I'm sorry if I'm bringing you down.  It's just kinda hard to accept that Earth is going to be
	destroyed after all we've...

{J puts his hand on L's shoulder, interrupting her train of thought and causing her to look into
his now quiet face.  He nods to her as he speaks to her quietly.}

J:  Laurel, I know, and I'm worried too, but it doesn't help if you worry so much you can't get
	your job done.  We're here to try and save the world.  Let's do that, huh?

{L closes her eyes and nods as J takes his hand from her shoulder.}

J:  We've been partners for over a year.  We haven't dealt with anything this scale, but you know
	we'll find a way through this.

L:  {Nods.}  Yeah, you're right, Jay...

{J turns to the elevator and looks back to L.}

J:  Come on.  Let's get this party started.

{L follows him into the elevator as the door closes behind them.  Fade from the elevator door to
the inside of the door to the Masaki home.  The gentle hum of Sasami's young voice humming out a
tune in the kitchen fills the house while the scent of a gourmet dish fills the air throughout
the surroundings.  In the kitchen, Sasami slices carrots widthwise with a knife, humming out a
pretty little tune.  Ryo-Ohki lays next to Sasami's footstool sleeping quietly.  Sasami herself
seems to be older given the time that has passed.  Her hair is no longer in pigtails, but rather
two long ponytails similar to her sister Ayeka's, following with her movements until the doorbell
rings.  Sasami yells out.}

Sasami:  I'll get it!

{Ryo-Ohki wakes up and looks up to Sasami.  Sasami sets down the knife and quickly walks from the
kitchen, into the hall, and to the family room while Ryo-Ohki sleepily follows her.  She
questions herself as she approaches the door.}

Sasami:  I wonder who this could be.  It's almost dinner time now.

{Ryo-Ohki hops up on Sasami's shoulder, making Sasami look over at her furry companion.  Sasami
smiles and rubs her fur in fun.}

Sasami:  Wonder if it's someone you know.  {Giggles.}

{Sasami reaches out and opens the door to find J and L standing behind the door.  Her face
becomes a cheerful smile at the two agents as she bows in greeting to both.}

Sasami:  J!  L!

{L kneels down to Sasami and looks her over, checking height etc.}

L:  Sasami, you've grown some since we saw you last.  {Smiles.}  You're becoming a pretty young
	lady, just like your big sister.

{Sasami blushes shyly.}

Sasami:  I wouldn't say that...

{L scratches under Ryo-Ohki's chin while Ryo-Ohki purs and closes her eyes happily.}

L:  I see you're still around too, huh?

{J smiles at the two while he looks into the house.}

J:  So, Sammy.  Where is your sister, anyway?  We need to talk with her and everybody else if
	they're around.

Sasami:  Oh, Ayeka's inside.  I'll go get her.

{Sasami dashes back into the house towards the stairs while J and L enter quietly.  L removes her
shoes at the door while J keeps his on.  When Sasami reaches the bottom of the stairs, she yells
up to Ayeka.}

Sasami:  Ayeka!  We have company!

{Ayeka is heard yelling back down to Sasami.}

Ayeka:  Just a minute!

{Sasami turns back to J and L.}

Sasami:  She's on her way.  {Smiles.}  Would you two want to stay for dinner?  I'm cooking a good
	tempora tonight.

{Sasami walks back and meets L between the door and the stairs while J remains at the door.}

L:  That'll be great, Sasami.

{Ayeka steps lightly down the stairs with her usual regal countenance when she sees Sasami and
Ryo-Ohki with J and L in the family room.  Ayeka smiles some, but speaks with some question in
her voice.}

Ayeka:  Agents J and L?  What are you two doing this far from home?

{J points over to L and laughs to himself.}

J:  Actually, L wanted to look in on your and your sister, Princess.  She's the little worrier
	when it comes to people she's treated.

{Ayeka stops on the stairs while L blushes and spins around to J.}

L:  I am not, J!

Ayeka:  {Teardrop.}  So... why are you two here then...?

{L sighs and turns back to Ayeka.}

L:  We're here on a matter of grave importance, but we need to talk with all of you.

{Ayeka reaches the bottom of the stairs and walks over to Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, and L.}

Ayeka:  I see.  May I ask what the problem is?

{J and L look at each other quietly before L answers seriously.}

L:  No, Princess.  We were told to gather all of you together first.

{Ayeka eyes them oddly while they both are quite serious in reply.}

Ayeka:  Alright...  Well, Washu is in her lab as always.  She is never hard to find usually.

Sasami:  Tenchi's dad's at work still, but he's coming home soon.  {Looks up to Ayeka.}  Right?

{Ayeka nods.}

L:  I'm guessing Lord Yosho is at the Masaki Shrine, right?

Ayeka:  {Nods.}  Indeed.  I believe Tenchi's with him at sword practice today.

J:  So, where's Ryoko?  I would have sworn that cat-woman'd be up in the rafters or something.

Sasami:  I haven't seen Ryoko since breakfast this morning.

Ayeka:  Nor have I.  She will probably be around when dinner time comes.  I would not worry about
	her.

{J turns back to the door and opens the door.}

J:  Well, I'll go see if I can get Tenchi and his granddad.  Two guys swinging sticks at each
	other shouldn't be too hard to find, right?

Ayeka:  Actually, they practice at the same place everyday, just off the path to the shrine.

J:  Thanks.  I'll be back by dinner time then.  {Smiles at L.}  Don't do anything crazy or sick
	while I'm gone, doctor.  {Winks.}

{L fumes while J exits the Masaki home and starts towards the Masaki shrine.  He speaks to
himself very quietly as he goes.}

J:  Laurel should be alright with them... They know about all this power business...

{J looks ahead of himself while he contines up the path to Yosho's home, listening to all sounds
surrounding him searching for Tenchi and Yosho.  As he scales the myriad of stone steps
approaching the Masaki shrine, he hears the clash of energy swords nearby.  He curiously starts
to move in that direction when he reaches the edge of a clearing and hides in the bushes.  In the
clearing, he sees a red sword grind against a blue sword while sparks fly amongst them.  Ryoko's
golden eyes gaze deep into Tenchi's brown eyes before they separate from their clash.  Ryoko
floats just off the ground a distance from Tenchi who holds Tenchiken's blade before himself at
the ready.  Tenchi wears his blue battlesuit while Ryoko's body is covered by the traditional
Ryoan battlesuit of red and black, with the blood stain almost washed completely out.  J sees
this and is completely confused.  He starts to stand and interrupt them when a firm hand grabs
his shoulder.  J looks back at the hand and across the attached arm to see Yosho sitting silently
next to him.  J sits back down while Yosho whispers to him.}

Yosho:  Leave them.  This is their practice, not yours.

{J looks back out to Tenchi and Ryoko facing off.  Tenchi smiles at Ryoko while she does back to
him.}

Tenchi:  That how strong you are, Ryoko?

Ryoko:  {Shakes her head.}  No, that was just the warm up.

Tenchi:  Think you're ready for the main event?

Ryoko:  {Nods.}  Always.

{Yosho and J both watch as Tenchi's sword increases in strength, ionizing the air surrounding it,
causing a blue aura to shine with a blue aura that shines around him.  However, Ryoko does
similar with her red sword, surpassing any power she has ever shown before.  The two stand off
for a few moments before they both attack.  Tenchi jumps and seems to remain in the air under his
own power for a short time, while Ryoko flies at Tenchi when their swords meet in another clash.
Tenchi's feet dig into the ground, holding Ryoko at bay.  Ryoko backs off some and swipes at him.
Tenchi trades blows with her before his sword it is knocked from his hand.  Ryoko swings her
sword again to hit only air as Tenchi jumps back and extends his hand towards where the Tenchiken
had fallen.  The hilt is highlighted in white while it lifts from the ground and shoots to his
hand, creating a new blade just as strong as the previous one.  Ryoko throws her sword at Tenchi
before forming another powerful blade and following the first towards Tenchi.  Tenchi rolls to
the side and generates a Jurai blast in his free hand, which he lobs at Ryoko.  Ryoko dodges the
pulse and lands next to Tenchi.  He and Ryoko then start to trade blows with these ionized swords
while Yosho explains to J.}

Yosho:  I haven't trained Tenchi in the past five months.  He and Ryoko chose to practice their
	skills against each other, and I agreed.

{Yosho's eyes are those of a wise master watching his prized pupil progress, looking at not only
Tenchi, but Ryoko as well.  J watches them and then answers Yosho.}

J:  Why?

Yosho:  The battle against Liaens and his followers left both of them with some memories that
	changed them more than the events during the coup.

{While they speak, Tenchi and Ryoko separate and allow their swords to vanish.  Sweat beads
across both of their faces.  Tenchi's clothes revert back to his usual brown costume before he
stashes the sword Key in his pocket.  Ryoko kneels down when Tenchi goes over to her and puts his
hands on her shoulders, speaking to her with concern in his voice.}

Tenchi:  You alright, Ryoko?

Ryoko:  {Nods.}  Yeah, just a little winded is all.

Tenchi:  Don't push so hard.  You'll get it in time.

{Ryoko looks up to him when he smiles knowingly back to her as he quietly speaks to her.}

Tenchi:  Oniko would be proud of you...

{Ryoko smiles back to him as he helps her back to her feet before she answers him.}

Ryoko:  And, you won't lose a friend again...

{Tenchi nods to her and looks her over.}

Tenchi:  You'd better go get a shower real quick.  Sasami's probably got dinner ready by now.

Ryoko:  Yeah, I wouldn't want to spoil the smell of the food, right?

{Tenchi and Ryoko both laugh for a moment before they stop and glance back at each other for a
moment.  A stillness arises as the two of them become lost in each other's gaze.  Tenchi then
looks up when he hears a rustling from the bushes. Ryoko follows Tenchi's gaze and hears the
rustling too before Tenchi's voice calls out to the bushes.}

Tenchi:  You can stand up now, Grandpa.  I know you're over there with someone.

{With that, Yosho stands and exits the bushes, leaving J to only stand and follow the Juraian
man out to Tenchi and Ryoko.  Tenchi and Ryoko are both surprised by J's presence.}

Tenchi:  Agent J...?

Ryoko:  What're you doing here?

J:  {Smiles to himself.}  Well, I could ask you two the same thing, but I'd already know the
	answer.

{Tenchi and Ryoko glance at each other and blink in confusion while J just sighs hard and shakes
his head.  Yosho smiles to himself and nods before J starts to speak again.}

J:  Look.  I just came up here to find you for dinner.  L and I will explain that then.  Alright?

Tenchi & Ryoko:  Alright...  {Blink-blink.}

{Yosho laughs some as the scene fades to the Masaki dinner table that night.  At one end of the
table, Yosho sits nobly with Nobuyuki at the opposite him, trying to look respectible.  On one
side, Ayeka, Tenchi, Ryoko, and Sasami are seated with Washu, Kiyone, Mihoshi, J, and L across
from them.  Ryo-Ohki is at Sasami's side listening in to all the goings-on about the table.
Tenchi looks over to Kiyone and Mihoshi with a smile.}

Tenchi:  Glad you two could make it on such short notice.

Mihoshi:  {Giggles.}  Oh, it was nothing.  Really!

Kiyone:  {Nods.}  It's always great to visit here, but what's the emergency?  There was something
	said of a situation.

{L starts to speak when J interrupts her.}

J:  What say we eat first?  I haven't had Japanese cooking yet.

Mihoshi:  Well, you're in for a treat!  Sasami cooks like a professional!

{Sasami blushes some while Washu speaks out too.}

Washu:  No, let's clear the air first.  I have projects that I want to get done.  This emergency
	had better be worth my time.

{Ayeka sips her tea properly and sets the cup down as she opens her red eyes, directed at J.}

Ayeka:  I agree.  This game of conspiracy might work well in the United States, but you are no
	longer in your country.  You do owe us an explanation.

{L nods and turns to J with a small smile on her face.}

L:  Thanks anyway, Jay...

{J sighs and closes his eyes while L continues to speak and reveals the truth.}

L:  At 0000 GST this morning, the Jurai Empire's defensive perimeter was compromised.

{Ayeka and Sasami both gasp.  J calmly responds to their distress.}

J:  Nobody was hurt, just shaken up over it.

L:  Yeah, it left a planet-sized hole in the perimeter.  It's been determined by the Science
	Academy that the object was a concentrated mass of NVO energy, headed for Earth.

{A sudden silence fills the room.  Tenchi and Ryoko are caught offguard and utterly surprised.
Ayeka's face becomes terrified as her hand clutches her heart.  Washu is a bit surprised and more
attentive while Kiyone finds herself shocked.  Mihoshi covers her mouth with her hands a
frightened surprise.  Yosho scowls some while Ryo-Ohki jumps to her feet and meows in question.
Sasami, however, is strangely calm and only looks at the food on the plate before her in thought.
Nobuyuki looks around the table confused.}

Nobuyuki:  Did I miss something?

{Tenchi speaks first with a list of questions.}

Tenchi:  How can that be?!  Where'd it come from?!  Why's it coming here?!  What...?!

{J cuts Tenchi off.}

J:  That's all we know, Tenchi!  We came here to see if any of you could help out.  {Glares over
	at Washu.}  In particular, Zed said to come talk to you, Dr. Hakubi.

{Washu nods, understanding the severity.}

Washu:  I get it.  The SA's best plan wouldn't possibly work so I have to think of something.

L:  Yes, Dr. Hakubi.  It arrives in five days, according to their projections.  It's moving at a
	speed the SA can't even represent in their current theories.

Washu:  And, they're sure it's still in this reality?

L:  {Shakes her head.}  They can't even be sure it exists beyond the event at the Jurai borders.

{Washu starts to think while Ryoko stands with her own passionate concern starting to boil within
her.}

Ryoko:  Then we have to go stop it!  That's the answer I see!

{Kiyone calmly rebuts Ryoko's outburst.}

Kiyone:  Ryoko, we can't do that.  Jurai Power is the only real weapon against that class of
	energy.  The Reunion incident proved that.

Tenchi:  And, we only have four people of Jurai lineage here, and we don't have the time to
	organize the Royal Family to counterattack.

{Mihoshi holds her arms worrying.}

Mihoshi:  There has to be a way!  We always get through these things... don't we?

{Sasami finally looks up and speaks gently to the group.}

Sasami:  We need only one thing:  the Light Hawk Key.

{Everyone, even Ayeka in her introspection, now set their eyes on Sasami.  Yosho nods and
continues from her lead.}

Yosho:  The sister Key to Tenchiken...  it could work if it could be found.

{Tenchi glances over to Yosho with a questioning look.}

Tenchi:  What do you mean, Grandpa?

Yosho:  All Keys have a sister Key, Tenchi.  They come in pairs.

{Focus on Yosho and superimpose Azaka and Kamidake holding their staves crossed between them.}

Yosho:  The two staves carried by Azaka and Kamidake are sister Keys.

{The Knights fade away to be replaced by the memory image of Ayeka and Nagi's profiles facing
each other.  Ayeka's tiara and Nagi's hairband Keys are quite obvious as their purple crests
shine.}

Yosho:  Ayeka's tiara and, oddly enough, Nagi's hairband are as well.

{These images fade away back to a normal view of Yosho, which pans over to Tenchi holding the
Tenchiken in his hand.}

Yosho:  The Key you hold in your hand has a sister Key told about only in legend.  The Light Hawk
	Sword was a weapon used by the Jurai Emperor who faced Kain.

{Sasami continues from Yosho's words in almost a trance-like state.}

Sasami:  But, it was lost after the battle.  Afterward, all the Keys were separated, never to be
	reunited for the power that they could summon together was deadly to the Emperor.  It
	actually was miraculous that Lady Achika was able to do what she did and not be killed by
	the shear amount of power in her body.

{Ayeka's hand releases her chest and looks upon Sasami with some awe, but more worry at her
current state of mind while all eyes in the room focus on Sasami.}

Ayeka:  Sasami...

{Ryoko kneels down next to Sasami and shakes her shoulders gently.}

Ryoko:  Sasami...?

{Sasami's eyes lose their glazed look and glance over to Ryoko in question.}

Sasami:  Ryoko...?  What's wrong?

{Tenchi has since started to watch her with great concern also.}

Tenchi:  You went into some kind of hypnotic trance, Sasami.  Are you feeling alright?

{Sasami puts her hand against her head and starts to feel somewhat woozy.}

Sasami:  No... not really...

{Sasami looks down to see Ryo-Ohki looking up at her worriedly also.  Her eyes scan over everyone
around her to see that their concern has shifted from the dread matters in space to her current
dilemma.  Ayeka stands and goes to Sasami's side gingerly helping her to her feet.}

Ayeka:  You need to lie down, Sasami...

{Sasami looks over into Ayeka's eyes which reflect only a sister's love and nods.}

Sasami:  Thank you... sister...

{Ayeka gently leads Sasami towards the stairs pausing only to glance back at Tenchi who smiles
lightly back to her.  She replies with a small, loving smile of her own before aiding her ailing
sister in scaling the stairs.  Tenchi turns back to the others while Ryoko seats herself again
next to him.  Kiyone sighs and speaks softly.}

Kiyone:  Poor Sasami... looks like this has hit her the hardest of us all...

{J's solemn voice answers hers.}

J:  She's just a little girl...  I wouldn't doubt it...

{Washu's academic tone opens soon after J's.}

Washu:  In any event, we have to focus on the matter ahead of us.  Lord Katsuhito and Sasami are
	right.  The Light Hawk Sword of legend could add considerable strength to the one who
	wields it, but I doubt, even in Tenchi's hands, that it will have the power necessary to
	destroy a planet of dark energy.

{Mihoshi chimes in with her curious words.}

Mihoshi:  Why's that, Washu?  It sealed Kain away way back when, didn't it?

{Kiyone nods, but her voice describes her beliefs opposite of Mihoshi's optimism.}

Kiyone:  Yeah, Mihoshi.  That's the point.  The Emperor poured his life energy into that sword,
	and all he did was seal Kain away, not destroy him.  This thing is much more powerful than
	Kain.  Even Tenchi can't generate the power necessary to destroy all that alone.

Tenchi:  Is there someone else who can?  There has to be someone stronger than I am with the
	Jurai Power.

Washu:  {Shakes her head.}  No.  You have been confirmed on many occasions to surpass all other
	Juraians, Tenchi.  That won't work... at least by itself.

{Ryoko glances knowing over at Washu, who has a calculated gleam in her eye.}

Ryoko:  What's the plan this time, Washu?

Washu:  Do you remember the psy-wave linkage booster I used to create Jurai Power to seal Kain
	into subspace back in 1970?

Kiyone:  {Nods.}  Of course.

{Tenchi and Ryoko both answer seriously.}

Tenchi:  I'll never forget.

Ryoko:  Neither will I.

Washu:  {Nods.}  Good.  Well, I think I can modify a dimensional cannon to utilize the energy
	converted from the Color Fudo temples into a "Jurai cannon".  Maybe that can deal with what
	Tenchi and the Light Hawk Sword can't.

{L's physician's voice enters.}

L:  What about Tenchi himself?  What's to keep the Light Hawk Sword from killing him just like
	the Emperor against Kain?

{Washu looks over at Tenchi and Ryoko with a knowing smile on her face.}

Washu:  I don't think we have to worry about that.  Tenchi's skill with Jurai Power has far
	exceeded anyone's perception.  Isn't that right, Tenchi?

{Tenchi closes his eyes, speaking not a word.  Washu faces L again.}

Washu:  Tenchi isn't what I'm concerned about.  Finding this Light Hawk Sword will be the most
	difficult part of this mission.

{Yosho looks around the table takes in all their emotional states before he speaks to them all.}

Yosho:  This is a lot for a dinner conversation.  I believe that all of us have much to think on
	tonight.  {To J and L.}  Would you two wish to stay the night?  We can make room pretty
	easily.

J:  Wouldn't bother me a bit, Gramps.

{L looks at J with a confused expression.}

L:  We're supposed to stay in that motel in town...

{J smiles and winks at L, who realizes J's intent with a wry smile of her own.}

L:  I guess we're staying the night after all...

Tenchi:  {To Kiyone and Mihoshi.}  You two're welcome also.

Kiyone:  {Nods.}  Yeah, Tenchi.  Thank you.

Mihoshi:  The beds here are so much better than the cots at the apartment.  {Smiles brightly.}

{Kiyone teardrops while Nobuyuki looks around the table and sighs.}

Nobuyuki:  Looks like the couch for me again...

{Fade from Nobuyuki's exasperated expression to Ayeka's kind visage as she tucks Sasami into her
bed upstairs.  Sasami looks at Ayeka and speaks quietly.}

Sasami:  Have you ever felt like you're two people in one person, Ayeka?

{Ayeka is struck to the quick but is unable to hide the expression before Sasami catches it.
Sasami then watches Ayeka try to conceal this fact.}

Sasami:  Ayeka... don't...

{Ayeka looks back at Sasami very uneasy.}

Ayeka:  But, Sasami... I...

{Fear starts to grow in Sasami's eyes watching her sister drift away from her.}

Sasami:  Ayeka...!  I'm scared...!

{Ayeka takes Sasami's hand in her own and holds them tightly.}

Ayeka:  Sasami...  you do not have to be scared with me...

Sasami:  I don't want to lose you... sister...

Ayeka:  {Shakes her head.}  You will not, Sasami...  You will not...

{Ayeka takes a deep breath and releases it as she then begins to speak to Sasami.}

Ayeka:  I have felt like two people, Sasami...  but one is real, and one is false.  You just have
	to know which one is the real you, and live as yourself.

Sasami:  How do you know which one is the real one?

Ayeka:  You will know.  Trust yourself, Sasami.  I know your heart is pure and honest.  You know
	who you are.  Now, sleep.  You need your rest.

{Ayeka pulls the sheets over the ten-year-old.  Sasami slowly starts to fade into sleep while
Ayeka remains at her side into the night.}

End Scene 3

End Act 1