Dark Energy Trilogy
By William Benjamin Grilliette (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

All material of or relating to *Tenchi Muyo!* are copyrighted by Pioneer LD and AIC.
All material of or relating to *Men in Black* are copyrighted by Marvel/Malibu Comics and Columbia/Tristar Pictures.
All material of or relating to "Evil Pii" or "Nerti Ro" is property of William Benjamin Grilliette.
All material of or relating to "Angelbane duSoleil", "Cassandra duSoleil", or "Katiara duSoleil" is property of Jeffrey Williams.
More information about cast, plot, and story is available at http://evilpii.dorm4.org/.

Part 3:  Tenchi Muyo! / Men in Black: Inheritance
By William Benjamin Grilliette  (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Act 3

Scene 1

{In the hangar of MiB HQ, the cast gathers together, readying to leave the Earth and head to the
two possible locations of the Light Hawk Key.  The group divides between the two GP patrolships
and those remaining behind.  Ayeka, Sasami, Kiyone, Yosho, and L stand next to Yagami while
Ryoko, Washu, Ryo-Ohki, Mitsuki, and J wait next to Mitsuki's ship.  Facing them, the group
remaining on Earth is composed of Tenchi, Mihoshi, Nobuyuki, and Zed.  Washu steps forward to
Tenchi and hands him back Tenchiken's hilt.}

Washu:  I finished my analysis of both Keys.

{She turns and hands the tiara Key to Ayeka.}

Washu:  However, I must say that these two Keys alone were very different.

{Ayeka is visibly confused when Tenchi asks the small scientist as she walks back towards her
group next to Mitsuki's ship.}

Tenchi:  How so, Washu?  I mean, they both channel Jurai Power the same way, right?

{Washu stops and thinks for a moment.}

Washu:  Well, how to explain this...?

{She continues to rejoin the Ryua crew.}

Washu:  Your sword has a more intricate internal structure than Ayeka's tiara.  However, I
	couldn't really tell what that structure did from my tests.

{Washu glances at both Keys in turn while the owners of said Keys gaze at the mystery in the hand
of each.}

Washu:  Don't get me wrong.  The two had a lot in common on the surface, but you probably
	remember how the sword grew in your mother's hands, Tenchi.  Your sword had more substance
	to it.  Ayeka's tiara was more like a conduit or amplifier, as it's proved itself many
	times over.  I'd bet that Nagi's hairband is more like the tiara than your sword.

{Ayeka places her tiara back upon her forehead and fixes her hair to its normal style.  Tenchi
stares at the sword in his hand given him by his grandfather Yosho while Ayeka quietly glances at
him in his introspective moment.}

Tenchi:  Any idea what that structure is or means?

Washu:  {Shakes her head.}  Not at the moment.  I'll be working on the data all the way to Ryua
	to solve that mystery.

{Tenchi just nods and stashes the hilt into his shirt, away from sight when Zed speaks up with
some sarcasm in his voice.}

Zed:  That's a nice mystery for Jurai to solve, but our main concern is getting the Light Hawk
	Sword and setting up the trap for the NVO planet.

{Not just Washu, but most of the cast glares at Zed when Washu continues with a obvious distaste
in her voice.}

Washu:  Right...

J:  {To himself.}  You'd think Tenchi's, let alone our, safety would be first in his mind...

{Washu clears her throat and speaks to both crews.}

Washu:  I've already upgraded the sensors of both ships to recognize the signature of a Key.

{Ryoko starts thinking and asks Washu quickly.}

Ryoko:  You mean we can just detect the sword from orbit?

{Washu shakes her head and answers.}

Washu:  No, it's still limited by the range of the energy emitted from the Key itself.  The sword
	and tiara both have a distinct Jurai energy signature, but that signature is very weak
	without someone using their power to amplify it.  Given more time, I could have increased
	their range, but we don't have the time.  A ground or low-flight search is still required.
	Be happy we got this.

{Kiyone nods and agrees.}

Kiyone:  That shouldn't be any real problem.  A low-flight scan should get the job pretty
	effective with the ships' current sensitivity.

{Mitsuki, J, and L nod when Mitsuki then speaks up.}

Mitsuki:  But, what about the data from Kain's capture in 1896?  That'd be a bit more important
	so we can actually plan a strategy.

{Kiyone turns to Mitsuki and nods.}

Kiyone:  That information's already been uploaded into the databases of both ships.

{Kiyone then faces the entire group with a seriousness in her voice.}

Kiyone:  Everyone should read over it to at least remember what we're up against.

{Everyone agrees before J turns to Zed.}

J:  How's the saucer coming?  It going to be ready before we get back?

{Zed turns and points to the second World's Fair flying saucer hanging by docking clamps with
several MiB techs replacing the hull with armored plating and adding weapons.}

Zed:  Yes, I've had the tech crews working on it over the night while you all slept.  It should
	be more than ready by the time you return.

J:  {Pleased.}  Great.  I seriously want to blast the ass that wants to blow up my world.

{Washu smirks over at Zed and talks with a snide voice.}

Washu:  What about the psy-wave linkage equipment I told you to work on?

{Zed teardrops and spins to face Washu.}

Zed:  "They're underway", I said, Washu!

{Washu scoffs to herself.}

Washu:  I see how you have everything under control, but I already have a set finished from the
	time I had left over after examining the Keys.  You can tell your R&D people to relax.

{Zed fumes while Sasami steps forward and smiles sadly to the others.}

Sasami:  Be careful, everyone.

{Ryoko smiles and kneels down to Sasami, placing her hand on Sasami's head kindly to mess up her
hair some.}

Ryoko:  Don't worry, Sasami.  We'll take care of everything when we get back.

{L walks over to Sasami and nods.}

L:  Yeah, we just have to get the sword and destroy the black energy.

{Mihoshi nods and smiles somberly to Sasami.}

Mihoshi:  That's right.  We just need to trust each other, like the family we are.

{Sasami looks up to Mihoshi with a little confusion in her face.}

Sasami:  Family...?

{Mihoshi smiles wider to herself while Kiyone continues for her.}

Kiyone:  Yes, I think we all know what she means.

{Kiyone looks at the entire group.  Each of them gazes back at Kiyone with understanding of this
truth, even Mitsuki, J, and L.  Yosho steps before the group.}

Yosho:  We are family, and Earth is our home.  Now, let's protect that home with our strengths.

{Everyone nods together and start to board their respective ships.  As they go, both Ryoko and
Ayeka independently look back to Tenchi.  He watches them silently with concern in his eyes for
not one, but all of them leaving this world.  Both girls reluctantly break their gaze and enter
their repective ships.  Tenchi, Mihoshi, Nobuyuki, and Zed stand away from the two patrolships as
they ignite their engines.  Above them, the docking gates open to the sky, allowing the two ships
to rise into the atmosphere.  The four on the ground watch the ships disappear in the distance
before the overhead shutters close, locking out the dawn sunlight.  Tenchi, who was gazing after
the two ships, looks down to the ground when Nobuyuki puts his hand on his son's shoulder.
Tenchi looks up and meets his father's unusually understanding eyes.  Nobuyuki smiles some to his
son while he speaks.}

Nobuyuki:  Don't worry, Tenchi.  They'll all come back like before.

{Tenchi nods quietly and looks towards the doors to the main facilities of MiB HQ.}

Tenchi:  I know, Dad...  But, it's possible that we'll lose this battle...

{Nobuyuki nods and sighs to himself.}

Nobuyuki:  I know.

{Nobuyuki now looks into the distance like his son with a more melancholic look on his face.}

Nobuyuki:  It's like those days when your mother was...

{Tenchi blinks and looks over to Nobuyuki's somber face.  Nobuyuki glances over to Tenchi and
nods.}

Nobuyuki:  She and I both knew it wouldn't be long... but she kept in good spirits...  "Living
	life to its fullest," she'd say.

{Tenchi is almost speechless while Nobuyuki removes his hand from Tenchi's shoulder and starts
into the corridor.}

Tenchi:  Dad...

{Nobuyuki stops and looks back to him.}

Nobuyuki:  Life's too short to hesitate, Tenchi.  Remember that, the lesson she taught us both.

{Nobuyuki turns and continues through the corridor vanishing in the distance.  Tenchi watches him
go, surprised by his own father's words.  Zed steps next to Tenchi and speaks quietly and almost
kindly to the young man.}

Zed:  Come on, Tenchi.  We have things to do.

{Tenchi closes his eyes and nods without a word to the lead MiB agent.  Zed starts into the
corridor Nobuyuki took with Tenchi and Mihoshi behind him.  Mihoshi looks over to see Tenchi's
contemplative look while walking next to him.  She touches Tenchi's arm lightly and starts to
speak softly to him.}

Mihoshi:  Tenchi...?  Are you alright...?

{Tenchi stops in the hallway, as does Mihoshi.  He looks up to her with a melancholy face,
causing her to release his arm and take a step back.  Tenchi sighs and forces a smile.}

Tenchi:  It's alright, Mihoshi.  I just need to be alone for a while, okay?

{Mihoshi nods to Tenchi and smiles a little back at him.}

Mihoshi:  Okay, Tenchi.  Just don't forget we're here for you just like you've been there for us.

{Mihoshi turns and follows Zed into the distance, turning back once to see Tenchi wave to her
kindly.  After they turn a corner and leave his sight, he continues through the corridor, alone
and thinking to himself.}

Tenchi:  {To himself.}  This whole plan hinges on me wielding the Light Hawk Sword and not
	killing myself while doing it...

{Tenchi closes his eyes and sighs hard.}

Tenchi:  This is just like with Kagato...  If I mess up, everyone suffers...

{A dead thud is heard from the medward followed by a continual tone, the same tone as a flatline
on a heart monitor.  Tenchi runs towards the medward's door when he hears a small impact followed
by the tone's drop off into silence.  He cautiously steps towards the doorway with his sword hilt
in his hands as he peeks around the corner into the room to see Pii on the floor sliding over to
Nerti's bed.  Tenchi blinks in disbelief.}

Tenchi:  Will Pii...?

{While Tenchi tries to conceive of Pii's continued life, Pii reaches Nerti's bed and uses both
arms and one leg to pull and push himself to a sitting position on the edge of the bed facing
Nerti, his left hurting much more than the right.  Pii's hair rims his brown eyes which gaze
silently down upon Nerti's semi-conscious and confused expression.  Her grey eyes open to Pii's
melancholy expression gazing back at her quietly.  Her weakened voice comes from her lips and
falls on Pii's ears.}

Nerti:  Mom...?

{Pii shakes his head and touches her face lightly with his hand.}

Pii:  No, Nerti... It's Will...

{Nerti's eyes focus on him and remove some of the confusion.}

Nerti:  Will...?

{She looks around and looks back to him.}

Nerti:  Where are we...?  Why am I...?

{Nerti pulls her arms against the restraints around them when Pii pushes lightly against her
shoulder to calm her.}

Pii:  It's alright...  Just rest... Please...

{Nerti relaxes as he removes his hand from her shoulder.  She looks him over to see the bandages
on him.  She gasps as she realizes what happened.}

Nerti:  Oh God...!

{She looks up to his face with sorrow and regret filling her face quickly.}

Nerti:  I didn't mean...!

{Pii shakes his head.}

Pii:  I know you didn't...  It's alright...

Nerti:  How can you say that...?!  I cut you...!

{Pii looks slightly away from her.}

Pii:  It's nothing, alright...?  It'll heal fine...

{Nerti moves her hand what she can so that her fingers touch his leg gently.  He looks over to
her pleading eyes and then gains a shamed expression.}

Nerti:  What happened to you...?  Tell me, Will...  Please...

{He shakes his head.}

Pii:  No... You can't remember who or what I'd be talking about...

Nerti:  {Nods.}  Yes, I would...

{Pii is surprised when she nods.}

Nerti:  I'm starting to remember it all...  the time I fell off my hoverbike...  when my pet bird
	died...  when...  Dad told us...  I know you weren't always like this...

{Pii takes a deep breath and exhales nervously and slowly.}

Pii:  You remember everything then...?

{She shakes her head.}

Nerti:  No, but I want to remember more... Help me please...

{She looks deep into his eyes with hers as she continues.}

Nerti:  I told you once not to hide yourself from me...  Don't hide your pain from me either...

{Pii closes his eyes and takes her hand in his own.}

Pii:  Alright...  Do you remember when Mecha-Nerti kidnapped you and took you to Jezibel...?

Nerti:  {Nods.}  Yes...

{His eyes open with a terrible reality within them as he continues with great severity in his
voice.}

Pii:  It was right after that...  when...

{Fade to a younger Pii in a city on another planet.  He stands on a board that levitates from the
ground and rockets forward at high speeds while his body is covered with an earlier incarnation
of his armor.  This armor is without the wing pack and the bodysuit.  He heads for two houses in
a suburban area with the names "Pii" and "Ro" posted next to them.  His face is twisted by
unexplainable grief and self-hatred.}

Pii:  Nerti...!!  I...!!  This is all my fault...!!  I have to save you...!!

{As he approaches his neighborhood, the board deactivates.  Pii looks at his gauges on his left
gauntlet and realizes that the power cells for the board are drained.  He makes a rough landing
but walks away alright.  The board is damaged from the landing, but in Pii's state of mind, he
does not care.  He leaves it on the land road without another thought.  He reaches at his collar
and pulls up a black kevlar mask over his mouth and nose.  As he walks to his house, his mind
races.}

Pii:  {Mentally.}  I need to find the schematics of Mecha-Nerti so I can find a way to destroy
	her... or at least get her memory core so I can find Nerti...  {Clenches his eyes shut.}
	God... I should have done more...!!

{Pii reaches the door and opens it.  His adoptive parents, Edward and Ellen Pii, stand and run to
him.  The husband, a Pentinian man in his fifties with grey-black hair and violet eyes, stands
before him with a scornful and judgemental glare.  The wife, a Pentinian woman also in her later
years with greying blonde hair and blue eyes, is slightly and quietly behind her husband}

Ellen:  {Shocked.}  Will, we saw the incident on TV!  What happened?!

Edward:  {Serious.}  Explain what just happened on worldwide television, William.  I want to hear
	your side now.

{Pii is silent as he pushes between them and heads to his room.  Edward grabs Pii's shoulder and
stops him.}

Edward:  I said I want to hear why that robot you and that Ro girl put together just went
	insane!!

{Pii spins around to Edward yelling in anger and sorrow.}

Pii:  I just lost my best friend, Father!!  Can't I mourn her even for a moment before you scream
	at me wanting explanations to save your damn name?!

{Edward's expression hardens at the boy with his glare worsening.}

Edward:  Take off that mask and say that, boy.

{Pii wrenches himself away from Edward curtly, his voice raising.}

Pii:  No, sir!!

Ellen:  {Sighs.}  Please do as your father says, Will... It's for the best...

{A knock comes from the front door.  Edward speaks to Ellen without turning to her.}

Edward:  Check the door.  I'll talk sense into him.

{Ellen quietly and relunctantly goes to the door while he continues his questioning of Pii.}

Edward:  Now, why did that robot just tear the hell out of the SA campus?!

{Pii's anger reaches a breaking point, and he loses any respect he had for the man he called
"father".}

Pii:  I don't know why that robot went insane!!  If I did, I would have stopped her!!

{Seeing the boy's impudence, Edward finally yells to Pii.}

Edward:  This is the last time you screw up!  You either pay for the damages at the Science
	Academy or leave this house!!

{Behind Edward, a cluster of three Pentinian men enter.  Ellen can be seen unconscious by the
door.  This mob all has members with a slight green glint in their eyes.  Edward spins around to
see them all while Pii looks around him and backs away some.}

Edward:  Who the hell are you?!

Mob Member 1:  We want the Terran boy, now!!  {Looks around.}  Else, we torch the entire estate!!

{Edward is caught speechless for a moment before he finally gets his words to sound.}

Edward:  You're kidding?!

{Another member of the mob points towards Pii.}

Mob Member 2:  This boy has proved himself a menace to society!  We will be rid of him for the
	death of Nerti Ro!!

{Pii extends his two gauntlet weapons while taking a defensive stance facing the mob.  He calls
out to them, pleading to them.}

Pii:  I would never hurt Nerti!!  Never!!  I...!!

{The third member of the mob impatently pushes around Edward.}

Mob Member 3:  Shut it, punk!

{He reaches for Pii when Pii reacts and embeds ten rapid-fire darts into the man with his
launcher.  Edward watches the man fall and sees Pii breathing heavily, his heart racing.  This is
the first man Pii has ever killed.  Edward's rage overwhelms him and lands on Pii.}

Edward:  William Pii!!  I disown you here and now!!

{Pii is shaken from his state and then glares at Edward as he screams to Edward in his
adreline-filled rush.}

Pii:  Fine with me!!

{Pii raises his right gauntlet to a side wall and blasts a hole to the outside.  Pii runs out the
hole.  The two remaining mob men push Edward down onto the dead body and follow Pii.  The Ro door
opens, and an experienced and kind face peers out.  This Pentinian man's face is bordered by red
hair while his grey eyes indicate Pii to enter the home.  Pii recognizes the face of Nerti's
adoptive father Rente Ro and runs inside the Ro home as Rente shuts and bolts the door.  Rente
turns to Pii, as does a woman with orange hair and green eyes, Ora Ro, Rente's wife.  Pii's voice
wavers, full of sorrow, exhaustion, and fear.}

Pii:  Thank you...

{He falls back against a wall and slides down it to sit staring through his visor into space.}

Pii:  I'm sorry...  {Tears roll down his face again.}  I couldn't save Nerti...!!

{Ora kneels to him and puts her arm around Pii's shoulder consolingly.}

Ora:  We know, Will... We know... She did lo...

{A hammering comes from the door followed by Mob Member 1's voice.}

Mob Member 1:  Major Rente Ro!!  Open this door and relinquish the Pii boy, or you will suffer
	the highest penalty for aiding a fugitive!!

Rente:  {To himself.}  Fat chance...  {To Pii quietly.}  Will, take Caroki and get out of here.
	We can deal with these guys, no problem.

{Pii is pulled from his melancholy state and vehemently dissents Rente's idea.}

Pii:  I can't leave you like this, Major!!

{Ora's eyes gaze into Pii's and plead with him.}

Ora:  Find our daughter.  That's all we ask of you.  Please.

{Pii stands and backs slowly down the hall before he stops, looking back sadly to Nerti's
parents.}

Pii:  I'm so sorry for this...

{Rente yells at the boy with urgency leading his call.}

Rente:  We know that!!  Now, go find Nerti, Will!!  For God's sake!!

{Pii slowly turns to the hangar and then breaks into a sprint.  The mob breaks the door down and
hold guns on the weaponless Rente and Ora.  Pii stops and looks back to them all.}

Pii:  Major Ro!!

{The mob members all look to Pii.  Ora suddenly roundhouses the weapon from one member's hand
while Rente grabs the gun of another.  Ora prepares to grab the third man's gun when he fires a
bullet into Ora's heart.  Rente spins around to catch her as she falls.  He calls her name with
an aghast expression, followed soon by sorrow.}

Rente:  Ora!!

{Pii hears the shot and freezes in his tracks.  He looks back to see Ora's blood on the floor
around Rente.  He pivots around to them and yells out.}

Pii:  No!!

{Ora lies in Rente's arms whispering her pleas to Pii in her weak breaths, clinching her eyes
tightly from the pain.}

Ora:  Don't... don't let Nerti go... please...

{Ora looks up to Rente and whispers his name.}

Ora:  Rente......

{She smiles and releases her last breath in peace.  Tears fall down Rente's face as he lays her
gently on the ground before him.}

Rente:  Ora...!!

{His eyes move up to the man that shot her and glare with vengence.}

Rente:  You son of a...!!

{Rente rushes the man who shot Ora.  He pulls a knife and stabs the man in his abdomen and rips
upward, slicing the man vertically to death.  However, the second man he was fighting a moment
ago takes aim and shoots Rente through his head.  Rente falls next to Ora, and the two lie
together without life.  Pii is terrified by the death of Rente and Ora.  He suddenly brings up
his weapons and locks on both men, his hands shaking.}

Pii:  You... you....!!!  You killed them!!

{The two remaining mob members stand.}

Mob Member 1:  They don't matter if we can destroy you, William Pii!

{Pii lowers his weapons slightly, losing his target lock while trying to understand.}

Pii:  Why...?  Why in God's universe would you want me?!

Mob Member 1:  Because you're the enemy!!

{Mob Member 2 suddenly fires a shot at Pii that hits his facemask.  The black facemask is ripped
away from Pii's face burning him and leaving a torn remnant on his left cheek.  When he hits the
ground, Pii rolls back to his feet and opens fire with both weapons killing both men.  The two
men fall before Pii, and he stands tired and weak.  He walks to Rente and Ora's bodies.  He
kneels to them and speaks softly.}

Pii:  Major Ro...  Mrs. Ro...

{Pii's tears fall into the pool of blood just beneath him.  He sobs over them for several
moments.  Soon, more footsteps are heard.  Pii looks up and then back to them, determination and
revenge filling his young soul.}

Pii:  I swear...!!  I'll bring Nerti back...!!  I swear it!!

{Fade back to Pii sitting at Nerti's bedside with Tenchi listening from the doorway.  Tears fill
Nerti's eyes and start to roll down the sides of her face while Pii turns his face away from her.
Tenchi flattens his back against the wall in the corridor and looks appalled towards the opposite
wall while Pii continues with a shame deeper than his voice can completely convey.}

Pii:  That is why I'm taking you home, Nerti...  I promised on the ground your parents fell to
	bring you home...

{Nerti shakes her head.}

Nerti:  No... that wasn't your...

{Tears roll down Pii's own eyes as he shuts them tightly trying to hold his feelings back,
failing to do so whatsoever.  Nerti's voice speaks to him, waivering with emotional pain
throughout.}

Nerti:  I don't blame you, Will Pii.  Nor do they.

{He looks back to her to see her eyes pleading for him to understand.}

Nerti:  Don't blame yourself.  They lost their lives willingly to save you.

{Nerti hesitates and then continues.}

Nerti:  I swore I'd never say this, but Dad thought of you like his own son, Will.

{Pii is taken aback while Nerti continues.}

Nerti:  Mom thought very highly of you too and expected that...

{Nerti's sentence is cut short when a shot of pain runs through her.  The black mark appears on
the side of her face for a moment and then vanishes.  Pii takes her shoulders gently with all
that self-hatred melting into concern for her.}

Pii:  Nerti!  Are you okay?!

{She looks back at him with a weaker expression and nods.}

Nerti:  I'll be alright... if you can forgive yourself...

{Pii is struck hard by this while she rests her hand on his leg.  Her eyes start to close with
drowsiness while Pii tries to coax her out of her loss of consciousness.}

Pii:  Nerti...!  No, stay with me!

{She shakes her head.}

Nerti:  The meds are taking hold...  I forgive you, Will... Just forgive yourself too...

{As she fades into sleep, Pii is left with his hands on her shoulders.  He releases his grip on
her and gently touches her cheek with her fingertips while his expression is torn between sadness
and regret.}

Pii:  Nerti...

{Pii closes his eyes and sighs heavily before he reopens them quietly at Nerti's unconscious
face.  Outside, Tenchi looks to the ground in thought while speaking to himself softly.}

Tenchi:  That explains all that recklessness...!

{A chill runs down his spine.}

Tenchi:  He's like I was against Kain...!!

{As Tenchi remembers all that despiration in the battle against Kain, Pii's voice calls to him.}

Pii:  You've been out there long enough.  Get in here if you're going to listen in.

{Tenchi spins around and looks into the medward to see Pii looking directly at him from his seat
on Nerti's bed.}

Pii:  Why did you eavesdrop on us?

{Tenchi walks towards Pii slowly, still remembering the words he had said to Nerti moments
before.}

Tenchi:  I heard the alarm from the heart monitor and thought someone might need help in here.

{Tenchi stands before Pii and looks him over, seeing the bandages on his knee and forearm, as
well as his face without the visor.  Pii gazes back, directly into Tenchi's eyes to see his
sincerity.}

Pii:  Makes sense, but why didn't you say something earlier about you standing there?  What I
	said to her was for me and her alone, no one else.

Tenchi:  Well, I first found it odd that you were still alive.  It looked like Liaens had killed
	you six months ago on Jurai.

{Pii's eyes lower in remembrance while he remembers the great Liaens stabbing his own sword
through his heart.  Pii's unhurt arm migrates over his chest while he continues.}

Pii:  Yeah... I thought I was dead too...

Tenchi:  Where have you been the past half-year?  What happened to you to get you here like this?

{Tenchi indicates the bandages on Pii's body while Pii opens his eyes and nods.}

Pii:  I don't know how I was healed, but I have a good hunch that Angelbane was the one that did
	it.

Tenchi:  I wouldn't be surprised since he's your old friend, right?

Pii:  {Nods.}  Right.  As for this...

{Pii indicates his bandages and continues.}

Pii:  It was the GP.  They've been chasing Nerti for the crimes she committed under Jezibel's
	influence.

{Tenchi becomes mildly confused.}

Tenchi:  Didn't they know?  I mean, Kiyone and Mihoshi gave reports to that fact.

Pii:  {Shrugs.}  Probably the same thing that happened to Ryoko, they just didn't cancel the
	warrants.

{Tenchi nods and glares some into the distance.}

Tenchi:  Yeah, I know how that goes...

{Tenchi thinks for a moment and then speaks up with some hope in his voice.}

Tenchi:  Why don't you help us now?

{Pii looks up to him curious.}

Pii:  What do you mean?

Tenchi:  You might not have heard, but a mass of dark energy is on its way to Earth.  It's the
	same dark power from the reactor Nerti made during the Reunion incident.

Pii:  I see where this is going.  We help you, and we get off the most wanted list.

Tenchi:  {Nods.}  Yeah, I think that could be arranged with Zed pretty easily.  Besides, Nerti
	should know a lot about that dark power from her history with Liaens's group, right?

Pii:  {Sighs.}  Yeah... when the rest of her memory returns.

Tenchi:  Her memory?

Pii:  {Quietly.}  Before Nagi killed Jezibel, Jezibel destroyed her mind... memories...
	knowledge... everything.  I've been trying to rebuild it, but nothing's worked.  However,
	the drugs the MiB are giving her seem to help her remember.

Tenchi:  Then, there should be a treatment here to help her.

{Pii nods and then stares into Tenchi's eyes one more time, serious beyond death itself.}

Pii:  Yes, and we won't help any of you until she has been helped.  That I swear to you.

{Tenchi stares back into Pii's eyes with an equal determination to see the right done.}

Tenchi:  Don't worry.  She will be.

Pii:  Why are you being so nice, Tenchi?

Tenchi:  Because I still have the image of you in Liaens's grip, having the sword driven through
	your chest.  Every time I wonder if I could have done something to stop that event, and I
	see none.  I think of when I fought Kain and Kagato and wonder how I could stop those I was
	friends with and cared for from being hurt.

{Tenchi turns from Pii and looks over his shoulder to Nerti, and then to Pii.}

Tenchi:  I think you can understand that better than I can.

{Pii closes his eyes and nods.}

Pii:  Fine enough.  Allies once more then?

{Pii opens his eyes to see Tenchi facing him with a serious face.}

Tenchi:  Yeah, if you want to work with a team.

Pii:  {Smirks.}  It could happen.

{Fade out on Tenchi and Pii.}

End Scene 1

Scene 2

{Stars rush by on a twisted plane, bending and turning as if seen through a lens molded
irregularly in the vacuum of space.  A tender hand raises up the tiara Key before the stars while
Ayeka's gentle voice enters in quiet thought within her mind.}

Ayeka:  A conduit or amplifier...?

{Pan back to see Ayeka within Yagami's firm walls gazing at her tiara and the warped space around
the entire ship.  Her hair falls more freely around her face with the tiara off than normal,
giving her a more wild look.}

Ayeka:  My Key... You have served me well for so long...  even though I made very little use of
	you over the years...

{The Key's violet crest glows for a moment, and Ayeka smiles some to the small organic item.}

Ayeka:  I know you are much more than a simple device or tool...  You are a symbol of royalty, a
	powerful weapon... and alive...

{Ayeka gently places the tiara upon her forehead and steps closer to the window to set her eyes
upon the stars as they pass.  She sighs and has a tear or two appear at the corners of her eyes.}

Ayeka:  Lord Tenchi...

{To Ayeka's eyes, Tenchi's face appears within the stars, looking with a calm smile back to her
longing eyes.}

Ayeka:  How you have cared for me...  watched over me...

{Ayeka's mind wisks her back to MiB HQ's medward during the M.Nerti incident.  She lays
unconscious on a medical bed in a disturbed sleep when Tenchi sadly walks to her bedside with a
chair and sits down next to her.  He takes her hand gently and watches her slow breathing which
moving her hair in the stillness of the room.  He speaks to her softly and press her hand against
his hand, as though asking her forgiveness.  He then places her hand back at her side, watching
her in her weakened state.}

Ayeka:  You fought to protect Sasami...

{Fade to M.Nerti standing on Zed's desk, flanked by two force shields containing her six
captives:  Sasami, Washu, Ryo-Ohki, Mihoshi, L, and Zed.  Before her Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka
stand firm waiting the next move of their enemy while M.Nerti holds her scythe ready.  Tenchi and
Ryoko both have their swords at their sides, prepared for the next skirmish to begin.  Ayeka's
tiara glows as her eyes gaze deep into M.Nerti's steel gaze, knowing that Sasami is suffering
within that field of dark power not too far away.}

Ayeka:  our planet...

{Fade to a sideroom from the main ballroom of the Jurai Palace.  Ayeka lies on a bed gazing out
into the corridor to see Tenchi, Yosho, Azaka, Pii, Angelbane, and Cassandra standing together in
serious discussion.  All seem focused and determined in their decision.}

Ayeka:  and even me...

{Fade to the throneroom of the Palace where the throne rises supremely over all the surrounding
court while the trees of the Palace reach up and form the ceiling high above the occupants.  Near
the entrance, Tenchi, bruised and cut, stands holding Tenchiken, the blue blade radiating a blue
light that envelops the area around him in his kind aura.  Opposite him at the foot of the steps
to the throne, Kagato stands with his black and red blade aimed back at Tenchi's battered form.
Behind the throne itself, Ayeka lies watching in awe the battle that would decide her life as
well as the lives of all on Jurai and in the galaxy.  All this permiates Ayeka's mind as she
closes her eyes and allows her tears to fall to the ground while her voice starts to waiver with
emotion.}

Ayeka:  I love you, Tenchi Masaki!  I do!  I know I have said those words before, but...!  I do
	not ever want to lose you!  Not to the Light Hawk Sword or anything else!!

{As Ayeka calls out the truth of her soul, young Sasami steps out from the shadows of Yagami's
corridors to see her sister slipping to her knees sobbing.}

Ayeka:  There has always been a chance of losing you before... but now it is almost certain that
	if you handle that Key, you will be killed...!!

{Sasami's eyes droop down when a firm hand is placed on her adolescent shoulder.  She looks up
to find Yosho gazing back down at her.  He nods to her quietly and indicates Ayeka.  She nods
back in acknowledgement before she dashes out to Ayeka's side and places her hands on Ayeka's
shoulder.  Ayeka looks up to Sasami confused when Sasami starts to speak to her in a reassuring
voice.}

Sasami:  It's okay, Ayeka...  Tenchi'll be alright...  He's stronger than you think...

{Ayeka's tears continue to roll down her face while Sasami starts to wipe them away.}

Sasami:  Don't worry, Ayeka...  I promise it will be okay...

Ayeka:  I would love to believe that so, Sasasmi...  I would...  but...!

{Sasami hugs Ayeka tightly and shakes her head.}

Sasami:  Ayeka, you have to be strong now...  more than you've ever been before...  No one knows
	the future, but I can promise you that you will see Tenchi again...  We all will...

{Ayeka smiles some and looks past Sasami towards the wall behind her sister.}

Ayeka:  Your optimism always did touch me deeply, Sasami...  my sister...

{Ayeka's tears slowly dry in Sasami's embrace while Sasami also smiles while embracing her
sister.  Sasami's soft words come once more.}

Sasami:  It will be alright... I promise...

{Fade to an exterior view of Yagami speeding through warped space when a white gateway appears
before the ship.  The red patrolship shoots through the hole in spacetime to reappear in the
normal universe just outside the defensive perimeter of the Jurai planetary system.  In addition
to the usual field satellites surrounding the planet, a large compliment of Jurai ships float in
orbit, prepared for combat if necessary.  Though not as large as the fleet in orbit during the
Reunion, this echelon of battleships and fighters holds the space surrounding them imposingly.
Yagami flies down between the ships on a landing course with the Royal Palace.  The battleships
allow Yagami to continue as it breaks the clouds in the atmosphere and slowly comes to a rest on
the docking platform nearest the throne room.  As the red ship lands, a small group exits the
Palace and approaches at a rather hurried pace.  Within the group are the Guardians Azaka and
Kamidake, as well as agent R and the Juraian Sagami.  The docking tube extends from the ship and
locks together with a doorway at the level of the platform that the group from the Palace is
running on.  The group reaches this doorway as it opens to allow Ayeka, Sasami, and Yosho to exit
and greet their hosts with a traditional bow.  The Jurai group bow back as the reintroductions
continue.}

Sagami:  It is great to see all of you again, though it could have been under better
	circumstances.

Yosho:  {Nods.}  Agreed.  Do we have clearance for our ship to scan the surface?

Sagami:  Yes, of course.  The Emperor would also like to discuss this matter further with all of
	you in his presence.

Ayeka:  I see.  We too would like to speak with him in this regard.

Azaka (Guardian):  Then, shall we procede to the throne room?

Kamidake (Guardian):  Yes, the Emperor has already had other meetings with his security advisors
	concerning the Terran situation.

{Ayeka nods to them before R clears his throat to gain their attention.}

R:  Well, if you royal guys don't mind, I'd like to get on Yagami and visit with L for a while.

{Sagami faces R and nods to him kindly.}

Sagami:  Of course, R.  Go ahead.

{R bows back to him and then bows to Ayeka and Yosho before he dashes through the docking tube
into the confines of Yagami's corridors.  The group of royals start for the Palace when the scene
fades to Yagami's cockpit where Kiyone and L sit in the pilots' seats of the patrolship.  The two
of them watch the royals leave the platform until they have reached a safe distance from the
ship.  Then, the docking tube is retracted, and the ship lifts into the air towards the upper
atmosphere.  The door behind them opens to allow R to enter the cockpit with them.  He casually
calls L's name.}

R:  Hey, L.  How's stuff?

{L looks back over her shoulder to R and sighs.  He can see some of her apprehension in her
expression.}

L:  Oh, R... Everything's just business as usual back home...

{Kiyone looks over at L confused when R continues trying to lighten the mood.}

R:  Come on, L.  Be straight with me.  I want to know what kind of iron-handed mood Zed's in this
	time.  After all, you remember how he was freaking back with the Mecha-Nerti thing, right?

{L smiles wryly and nods.}

L:  Yeah...  He's a bit on edge right now, the whole impending doom thing.  How's everything here
	on Jurai?

{R scoffs some and bluntly continues.}

R:  Oh, you mean all these royal types?  Most of them are calm enough right now.  The Emperor's a
	little pissed.  He thinks that if Earth falls, Jurai'll be next on that thing's hit list.

{L sighs and nods.}

L:  I'd bet...  It's his world to look after...

{Kiyone cuts into their conversation softly.}

Kiyone:  But, Earth won't fall.

{The attention of the MiB agents focuses on Kiyone who glances back over to L with a hopeful
smile on her face.}

Kiyone:  Right, L?

{L blinks when she too smiles and nods back to Kiyone.}

L:  Right, we'll make sure of that.

{R now smiles at Kiyone as the conversation shifts.}

R:  Okay, Kiyone.  How's the ditz?

{Kiyone and L both face forward again when Kiyone tosses a thick manual labeled "The Dark Power
by Dr Washu Hakubi" back into R's face with a few words.  R falls backwards onto the deckplating
while Kiyone and L both start their job.}

Kiyone:  How about getting yourself up to speed while we scan the surface, okay?

{R's voice floats up from the floor in pain.}

R:  Got it, Kiyone...

{L watches the sensor maps that flash before her while her mind thinks back to J's words.}

J:  Laurel, I know, and I'm worried too, but it doesn't help if you worry so much you can't get
	your job done.  We're here to try and save the world.  Let's do that, huh?

{L nods and softly reassures herself.}

L:  Yeah... let's do that...

{Fade from Yagami's cockpit to the corridors of the Jurai Palace where Ayeka, Sasami, Yosho,
Sagami, and the two Guardians move at a regular pace towards the throne room.  Sagami glances
over to Ayeka and notes her quiet determination focused on the Emperor's chambers before them.}

Sagami:  Ayeka, can I speak with you for a moment?

{Ayeka looks to Sagami and slows some for him to walk next to her.  Her determined look fades
some as she speaks with him.}

Ayeka:  Alright, Sagami.  What about?

{Ayeka and Sagami converse quietly while Sasami, Yosho, and the Guardians follow behind them. 
Concern enters into Sagami's voice through his words to Ayeka.}

Sagami:  Ayeka, I ask that I go back with you to Earth.

{Ayeka blinks in confusion at Sagami while he is quite serious in his request.}

Ayeka:  You do?  Sagami, I...

Sagami:  Princess Ayeka, you are going to face the greatest menace Jurai has seen since Kain.
	This is actually worse by many fold.  My ship would help greatly in the coming battle.  You
	know that.

{Ayeka shakes her head to him.}

Ayeka:  Only the Yagami and Mitsuki's ships are equiped to return to Earth in enough time to be
	effective.  Jurai ships cannot be modified.  I am sorry, but you cannot come with us,
	Sagami.

Sagami:  Then, I will go without my ship.  Another source of Jurai Power would have to increase
	your chances.

{Ayeka looks into Sagami's eyes and sees his unwavering choice to follow her back to Earth.  Her
eyes suddenly recall when Tenchi chose to face Kain.  The same determination, almost
irrationality, were present in his eyes then as are in Sagami's now walking next to Ayeka.  Ayeka
blinks slowly as she faces forward, toward the throne room's doors.}

Ayeka:  We will have to ask the Emperor.

{The group reaches the throne room's entrance, which opens for them to enter.  Before them upon
the regal seat of Jurai is Emperor Azusa with the Knights Azaka and Kamidake flanking him.
Ayeka, Sagami, and Yosho walk to the foot of the throne and kneel before the man atop it.  Sasami
stands in the shadows of the corridor with the two Guardians flanking her.  She watches all the
events before her with the most attentive gaze, far beyond her years while her mechanical
attendants remain in defensive positions slightly before her.  Azusa stands and steps down
towards Ayeka, Sagami, and Yosho when the two Knights look up and notice Sasami standing such a
distance away.  A chill runs through both of their bodies, and the headpieces of their staves
flash for a moment before becoming silent again.  Kamidake looks over to Azaka who calmly shakes
his head and nods towards the royals at the foot of the throne.  With that, the two Knights walk
together to their places at the sides of the Emperor of Jurai.  Ayeka, Sagami, and Yosho look up
to see Azusa's motion for them to stand.  They do so as he opens the audience.}

Azusa:  Welcome, Princess Ayeka and Prince Yosho.  Jurai is welcomed once again by both of your
	heroic presences.

{Ayeka bows slightly.}

Ayeka:  We thank you for the hospitality, Emperor Azusa.  I thank you for giving us permission to
	scan for the Light Hawk Sword.

Azusa:  It is no burden.  However, I did want to talk with you both on the topic of when Earth
	falls.

{Ayeka, Sagami, and Yosho all look at Azusa surprised.  Even both Knights are also caught
offguard by this.  Ayeka blinks and continues.}

Ayeka:  "When Earth falls", sire?

Azusa:  {Nods.}  Yes, Earth has no considerable defense against enemy attack so the conclusion
	all my advisors have chosen is that Earth will fall.  After that, it is projected for the
	NVO planet to turn for Jurai as its next target.  {Turns to Sagami.}  That is why I have
	asked that you be here, Commander Sagami.  You are to take the reigns of preparing our
	fleet to meet this battle head on.

{Sagami is totally surprised and almost aghast by his liege.}

Azusa:  Given your skill from the Reunion incident, you should have no problem organizing and
	training the personnel necessary to defeat this threat.

Sagami:  Your highness... I am honored by this appointment, but I must decline...!

{Azusa looks at him confused.}

Azusa:  I am giving you a general's position, Sagami, and you decline?

Sagami:  {Nods.}  Yes, sire.  I would rather return with Ayeka's party to do battle with the
	planet on Earth.

Azusa:  You do realize that is a suicide mission?

Sagami:  It will not be.

{Sagami looks over to Ayeka's lost expression and nods focusedly.}

Sagami:  I am assured by the best that it will not be.

{Azusa looks from Sagami to Ayeka and back to Sagami.}

Azusa:  That being said, I still have supreme command of this military, and I order you to remain
	with the rest of the fleet in preparation for the coming battle here on Jurai.

{Sagami whips around to Azusa and is silenced by the Emperor's stern and invariable
stubbornness.}

Azusa:  I will not have my lead officer flying away to his certain death.

{Ayeka glares into Azusa's eyes while her voice raises.}

Ayeka:  You are giving up on Earth completely?!

{Azusa turns back to Ayeka with a similar military gaze to silence her, to find it met with an
equal immutable emotional state.}

Azusa:  Princess, you should have seen by now that direct force will not work.  Also, the Light
	Hawk Sword does not exist.  It is only a fairy tale told for the past century.  Dr Hakubi's
	plan is folly and will lead many to their deaths on that planet in due time.

{Ayeka is about to respond when Yosho stops her with his own words.}

Yosho:  Emperor Azusa, this plan was not Dr Hakubi's but was thought up by both myself and little
	Sasami.  I also assure you that the Light Hawk Sword is real.  I've seen the hands that
	held that blade and spoken to those who've seen it when I was still a boy here on Jurai.  I
	am also a descendent of the man who wielded it.

{Azusa is taken aback by his elder royal, and true successor of the throne.  The Knights glance
to each other and nod in unison.  A decision has been made between them while Yosho continues.}

Yosho:  I have confidence that my grandson will get this weapon and use it to save his home, our
	home, from this menace.  I question your choices as Emperor to not send aid to Earth in
	Jurai's interest to stop this tragedy from happening.

{Azusa starts to show some anger in the insult Yosho has just dealt when the two Knights step
forward and bow before Ayeka, Sagami, and Yosho.  Azusa looks at them both confused.}

Azaka:  Lord Yosho, grandson of the Jurai King who sealed Kain, we ask that we join your party
	and return to Earth.

Kamidake:  Our power is great and should help tip the scales of Fate in your favor, Lady Ayeka.
	Let us help you yet again in this dark hour.

{Azusa is shocked while Yosho nods understandingly, and Ayeka's face brightens.  Sagami smiles
and nods satisfied.}

Azusa:  Azaka Juraiko!  Kamidake Juraiko!  I cannot believe both of you would abandon your world!

Azaka:  We are not abandoning Jurai, but merely going to where the threat to Jurai is.

Kamidake:  Agreed.  The NVO planet is the one matter than requires our attention the most now.
	We again request to return to Earth with Ayeka and her party.

Azusa:  Then who will protect the Palace while you are on Earth?

Azaka:  Our mechanical namesakes have the power to do so.

Kamidake:  Given the damage we will render against our enemy, they will be able to handle this
	task very efficiently.

Sagami:  Emperor, I say let them go.  The plan makes sense that they could slow the enemy's
	progress, giving us a tactical advantage, especially if they can severely or even mortally
	wound it.

Ayeka:  Sagami is correct, sire.  I plead to you for them to accompany us.

{Azusa sighs hard and nods his head.  Ayeka sighs in relief while Azaka and Kamidake stand and
take flanking positions around Ayeka.  Sagami looks over to Yosho who smiles and nods back to the
young leader.  In the corridor, Sasami smiles and turns away into the shadows with the two
Guardians ghosting her movements as her honor guard.}

Ayeka:  Thank you, Emperor!  Thank you ever so much!

Sagami:  Yes, thank you, sire.  Billions are in your debt today.

{Azusa turns from them and starts back up the throne's steps with a gruff voice.}

Azusa:  Earth will be a battlefield.  I do not envy your position.

{Reality starts to return to the room when the main doors to the throne room are pushed open with
a cheer by a woman with spiked black hair wearing a fluorescent orange evening gown.  Everyone
turns to her when a man teleports next to her with his cape surrounding his strong frame covered
in metal plate.  Azusa turns back to see him and is stopped in his tracks.  The remainder of the
room looks back and are also struck by this imposing figure, Angelbane duSoleil and his wife
Cassandra.  Angelbane looks over to the others and is surprised by those in his company at the
moment.}

Angelbane:  Princess Ayeka... Prince Yosho...?  What brings the two of you from Earth?

Ayeka:  A matter of life and death, Lord Angelbane.

{Angelbane and Cassandra both blush, Cassandra more than her husband.  He shrouds her in his cape
as they continue.}

Angelbane:  Then pardon our interruption.

{He removes his cape from Cassandra to show her now in her normal mail costume, though she still
retains some of her blush.}

Cassandra:  Is there anything we can help with?  We are at your disposal for aid.

Yosho:  Actually, this situation on Earth would probably benefit from both of your presences,
	Lord and Lady duSoleil.

{Yosho bows slightly, as do Ayeka and Sagami.  Angelbane and Cassandra both nod kindly back to
them.}

Cassandra:  Then, it's settled.  We go with you.

{Now, Azusa is truly caught offguard by this turn of events.}

Azusa:  Lord duSoleil, you swore to aid the Jurai throne in case of emergency!  Why are you
	leaving for Earth?!

{Angelbane glares deep into Azusa's eyes without regret for his wife's impetuous choice.}

Angelbane:  My wife has a kind heart and will help those she chooses.  I am her husband and will
	protect her without criticism from anyone, including you, Emperor Azusa Jurai.

{Azusa is silenced by Angelbane's words of finality.  Cassandra dashes over to Ayeka, Sagami,
Yosho, and the Knights with a seriousness starting to grow in her.}

Cassandra:  Okay, fill me in.  What's this about?

{As Ayeka and the others start to introduce the conflict to her, Angelbane mentally recalls his
thoughts regarding the man ascending the throne of Jurai before him.}

Angelbane:  A coward on Jurai's throne... I never thought I'd see the sad day this would
	happen...

{His gaze falls upon the group returning to Earth.}

Angelbane:  Fate may well choose a new leader for this world before this conflict is over...

{Fade to black.}

End Scene 2

Scene 3

{A wall-shaking gunshot rings out in the main ball room of the Jurai Royal Palace.  A monochrome
version of Kagato of Jurai is blown into a neaby wall by the impact of the blast, causing him to
change into a small child recognized as the vampiric creature Seia.  Ayeka, in her pink
battlesuit, looks away from her former opponent in Seia to see MiB agent R laying holding a
dobergun shakily from his pummelled position away from the fighting.  A distance from Ayeka, a
Ryoan man in a red and black uniform with golden eyes and green hair holding a star-tipped spear,
known as Oniko, glances away from his prey laying before him, Ryoko.  R passes out in a heap,
directing Oniko's attention away from Ryoko while Ryoko takes this opportunity to teleport behind
him before he can spin around to counter.  Ryoko forms her red blade and edges it against his
neck as she wraps her free arm around his chest to hold him fast.  She whispers in his ear.}

Ryoko:  Now, tell me what you promised...

{Oniko smiles to himself, much to Ryoko's surprise.}

Oniko:  {Whispers.}  Alright, Ryoko... daughter of Ryoshu...

{Ryoko listens intently to Oniko's hurried words.}

Oniko:  My mission was to train the girl Nerti Ro and ensure that she would be ready for her true
	purpose.  I also was ordered to kill you and your sister.

Ryoko:  Why?  What do me, Nagi, and Nerti have to do with anything?

Oniko:  The prophecy of the Angel of Fire, Ryoko.  That is what my Lady fears the most.  She will
	do anything to stop that from coming true, even kill her own people, including you, Nagi...
	even me, one who wanted in the past to be her priest.  The two of you are a large part of
	this, even though you don't realize it.

Ryoko:  So, what's this purpose for Nerti Ro anyway?

{There is some yelling from Ayeka and Seia in the background, but Ryoko and Oniko both ignore
it.}

Oniko:  Our Lady needed a specific lineage of warrior to accomplish her plans in this world.
	Nerti Ro is a direct descendent of the lineage that our Lady requires.  She, as well as
	only one other, have the genetics and power necessary, but I can't let that innocent girl
	be used like that.  I can't let her die just to let our Lady's ambitions be realized.

Ryoko:  Who is your "Lady", Oniko?

{Ayeka finally yells out for the entire room to hear.}

Ayeka:  Ryoko!  Seia is free!!

{Ryoko continues to focus only on Oniko's voice when he starts to answer.}

Oniko:  Her name is...!!

{Ryoko and Oniko both feel a sharp pain in their sides as Oniko doubles over, feeling the most of
this pain.  Oniko's spear falls from his hand and clanks against the floor.  Ryoko's sword
vanishes as she weakly looks over her shoulder to see a black and white version of herself gazing
back, Ryoko-Seia.  This monochrome Ryoko smiles as she speaks.}

Ryoko-Seia:  Just business, my dear.  I could not allow him to give away too much to you about
	your future.

{Ryoko slowly moves her gaze down to see a red sword from Ryoko-Seia's hand blazing through
Oniko's size and grazing her own.  Ayeka yells out to Ryoko as she feels Oniko's blood rolling
her side and onto the ground, coating her clothes.}

Ayeka:  Ryoko!!

{Ryoko teleports away with Oniko in her arms over next to R.  She lays him down while he weakly
looks back at her.  She supports herself with her forearm against the wall while holding her
wound with her other hand.}

Oniko:  I'm sorry, Ryoko...  Be on guard against the darkness...  the darkness that spawned our
	people...

{Ryoko gasps as Oniko closes his eyes.}

Ryoko:  Oniko, wait!!  What do you mean?!

{A dead leaf falls on Oniko's face, but he moves no more.  Ryoko-Seia laughs as Ryoko's saddened
eyes lose that sad expression for an enraged one.  Though injured, Ryoko forces herself to a
standing position and forms her sword.  Ayeka's field logs appear around Ryoko-Seia, but
Ryoko-Seia quickly flies out and throws the instrument of Oniko's death at Ayeka.  Ayeka's shield
around herself blocks the sword when Ryoko-Seia teleports right in front of her and blasts Ayeka
in her shoulder sending her down.  Ryoko-Seia glares at Ayeka.}

Ryoko-Seia:  Maybe that will jog your memory some, princess.  This is your last chance to take
	Oniko's place before I kill you for your interference in my affairs.

{Ayeka holds her shoulder and looks back to Ryoko-Seia as her uneasy voice replies to
Ryoko-Seia.}

Ayeka:  Illirg...?

{Ryoko-Seia just nods and smiles some.}

Ryoko-Seia:  About time you figured it out.

{A series of blasts hit Ryoko-Seia and blow her away from Ayeka.  Ryoko flies after her, and the
two lock swords.  Ryoko-Seia ragefully glares at Ryoko.}

Ryoko-Seia:  Ryoan bitch!  Throwing your life away so quickly!

Ryoko:  What?!  And wait so you can kill me just like you killed Oniko, helpless to defend
	himself?!

Ryoko-Seia:  If need be, but it seems that you, like he, has to know the truth about your race
	before you will understand.

{Ryoko-Seia's sword burns brighter as her clothes lose their color and turn completely black.
Marks of rage blacken both sides of her face while her irises melt away into an eye of sheer
shadow.  Seia's voice gains a male echo as she speaks to Ryoko.}

Seia:  This is what your race would be if you would only accept what our Lady has planned.

{Seia's blade shatters Ryoko's, sending the energy shards into Ryoko's extremities.  Ryoko backs
away in pain with her clothes torn when Seia kicks her away, towards the podium on the stage.
Ryoko hits the podium, and all fades to black.  Her voice fills the air as her thoughts are made
audible, trying to sort through her confusion.}

Ryoko:  What my race would be if I would only accept what our Lady has planned...?  Beware the
	darkness that spawned our people...?  What does that mean...?

{A female voice enters near Ryoko and begins to answer her question, Nagi's voice.}

Nagi:  Do you not know, Ryoko?  The Ryoan race was meant to oppose the Jurai.

{Ryoko's eyes open to see Nagi standing over her amidst the city she called home, now in ruins.
Ryoko slowly stands, taking in all the detail of the wasted landscape around her while Nagi
continues.}

Nagi:  Ryua is the shadow to the brilliance of Jurai.

{Ryoko's voice is uneasy as she poses a question to Nagi.}

Ryoko:  What happened here...?

Nagi:  You have heard of the Ryo-Jurai War fought many millennia ago.  This is the face of Ryua
	in the rebirth of that war.

{Nagi looks into the distant stars looking for the one around which Jurai revolves.  Her eyes
gain a sadness about them before she continues.}

Nagi:  You can imagine what Jurai looks like.  Father cannot look out his window without seeing
	the destruction the Ohki ships laid to the fields where he taught me the sword.

{Ryoko's eyes scan the area and then fall back on Nagi in a disbelief and rejection of this
experience.}

Ryoko:  This can't be real!  Tenchi and Ayeka would never let this happen to Ryua, let alone
	Jurai!

{Nagi glances back over her shoulder and nods some.}

Nagi:  You may well be right, Ryoko.  This is merely a possibility.  It will be all of us that
	write the history as to whether this becomes fact or not.

{A male voice enters from next to Nagi, one that Ryoko recognizes quickly with disgust.}

Man:  Of course, you'll favor Jurai, just like your friends.  Won't you... love?

Ryoko:  {Sneers.}  Ryobachi...

{An orange-haired Ryoan man with purple eyes steps forward next to Nagi, wearing a black priest's
robes very similar to the cloth of a Catholic.  Nagi closes her eyes and fades away into the
shadows of the many fires around their location.  Ryobachi's confident and sickening smile
appears on his face looking at Ryoko.}

Ryobachi:  You always have liked Juraians better than your own kind.  Haven't you, Ryoko?  That
	is why you and your mother moved closer to that world, isn't it?

{Ryoko only further shows her hatred with the man before her as he scoffs at her.}

Ryobachi:  Hell, you love a boy with Juraian royal blood!  He's supposed to be your enemy, you
	stupid whore!

{Ryoko's anger flames at him without bounds.}

Ryoko:  When I'm betrothed to a pig like you, who wouldn't look elsewhere for love?!  That must
	be the only mistake my father ever made was to promise me to you!!

{Ryobachi laughs at Ryoko when her sword flares out at her side.}

Ryobachi:  Mistake, was it?  He was only looking out for you like he did your mother before he
	died!

{Ryoko shuts her eyes tightly and yells with tears appearing in her eyes and starting to roll
down her face.}

Ryoko:  You're lying!  If Dad knew what you were, he would've killed you before you became my
	husband!!

{She feels a soft, gentle hand touch her shoulder, causing all her rage and anger to pass away
into nothingness.  Ryoko remembers this touch and spins around to hold close to the owner of that
almost magical touch.  Her sword vanishes while her words leave her lips muffled by the clothes
of the person she clings to.}

Ryoko:  Mom...

{Two kind arms wrap around her and hold her tenderly, patting her cyan hair and shivering back.
This woman holding Ryoko has a spiked ponytail of brown hair as well as blue eyes with a soft
smile at her daughter.}

Ryoshu:  It's alright, my little angel... It'll be alright...

{A stronger hand is laid on her other shoulder, causing her to look up and towards the person
attached to it.  A light shines from behind the man's head, masking his face in shadow save his
spiked cyan hair, but his solid and kind voice speaks to her.}

Man:  You are a grown woman, Ryoko.  Love whomever you want.  You have my confidence in your
	choice.

{Ryoko reaches for the man with a simple word from her softened voice calling to him.}

Ryoko:  Dad...!

{Ryoko's eyes open to see a dresser holding up pictures of young Mitsuki, Kiyone, and Mihoshi
next to the bed she is laying on.  In the distance, she can hear a heated argument between
Mitsuki and J as well as the general rumble of the deckplates while the ship flies through normal
space.  She sits up and rubs her eyes before she stares contemplatively at her toes as Mitsuki's
room is still all around her.}

Ryoko:  Mom... Dad...  You're still with me, aren't you?

{Fade to the bridge where J sits holding the controls in the pilot's seat with Mitsuki in the
copilot's seat next to him.  Behind them, Washu faces her ethereal screen with a diagram of the
planet Ryua below them.  Certain areas of the globe figure are highlighted with a "percent
complete" registering in the upper right of the screen.  Mitsuki yells at J.}

Mitsuki:  I said keep it straight, stupid!  Can't you see you're veering too far starboard?!

{J glares forward and sneers back at Mitsuki.}

J:  Look!  It's not like I'm in a firefight here!

Mitsuki:  Yeah, but you want to fly that saucer in one!

{J glances angrily at Mitsuki while she points back before him.}

Mitsuki:  Look out for the guard satellites, will you?

{J looks forward again to see a weapon satellite with GP emblems on it to teardrop and pull the
controls to one side.  The entire ship pulls to one side and barely avoids the gun-sat while the
momentum pushes Washu closer to the console.  She catches herself before she falls into the
device and yells back to the two officers.}

Washu:  Hey!  Can't you two keep this thing straight?!  It's hard enough to get readings on a
	Jurai Key without you two screwing around up there!

{Silence fills the cockpit while J scowls some towards Mitsuki and sits back in the pilot's chair
before concentrates on flying again.  Mitsuki backs away, eyeing J uneasily until she faces the
forward screen watching the horizon of the planet change as they fly over it.  Washu nods and
returns to her computations on her data when Ryoko phases through the door and stands behind them
all.}

Ryoko:  What's with all the noise up here?  I can't stay asleep back there, especially being
	tossed around by the ship.

{Mitsuki and J teardrop when Washu sighs hard.  Everyone focuses on Washu when she looks up from
her instruments to her compatriots with a grim look on her face.}

Washu:  The sword's not here.  We might as well just turn around and head back to Earth.

{Mitsuki just shakes her head with a sigh while J more agitated.}

J:  You sure, Washu?  You checked the whole world?

Washu:  {Nods.}  Yes, if you didn't notice, you circled Ryua about three times.  During that
	time, I scanned the surface about nine times and verified my findings.  The Light Hawk
	Sword is not on Ryua.

{Ryoko faces the front monitor and nods.}

Ryoko:  I didn't think it would be here.

{She smiles some to herself.}

Ryoko:  Ayeka always did have this way of finding things.

{Mitsuki and J turn back forward.  Ryoko closes her eyes when Washu speaks up again a little
softer for only Ryoko to hear.}

Washu:  But, I did find another Key...

{Ryoko's eyes dart to Washu surprised to see Washu's subtle nod.}

Washu:  She's down there, Ryoko.

{Ryoko looks back ahead, taking in this new information when she blinks slowly and smiles to 
herself again.}

Ryoko:  Why don't we rest a while before going back to Earth?  We have the time, and I know a
	place to put our feet up.

{J looks back over his shoulder to Ryoko confused.}

J:  What place is that?

Ryoko:  The house I grew up in.  It's not far from here.

{Mitsuki does not look back to Ryoko but is serious as she questions her.}

Mitsuki:  Any threat down there, Ryoko?

Ryoko:  {Shakes her head.}  No, it's very isolated from the rest of the surrounding area.  We
	don't have anything to worry about there.

Mitsuki:  {Nods.}  Good.

{Mitsuki glances over to J while Ryoko walks up behind him and points to a small map shown on a
screen to the side of the console before him.  Fade to Mitsuki's patrolship moving down through
the clouds of Ryua and approaching a small residence in the trees outside of a major industrial
city.  Cut to just outside of this humble old house with Mitsuki's ship on the ground a distance
away and its passengers standing before the front door.  The trees are still without a breeze, as
is the house with no life or sound from within its walls.  Ryoko has Ryo-Ohki sitting on her
shoulder, both of them silent and somber when she opens the door and steps into the house.
Washu, Mitsuki, and J follow them inside when they hear a noise from within.  Ryoko smiles to
herself.}

Ryoko:  You can come out now, Sis.

{A click is heard in the distance when the lights come on and fill the room to show Nagi with
Ken-Ohki on her shoulder staring directly back at Ryoko.  Nagi's hand is over a light switch when
that same hand slowly is pulled back under her cape.  The living room is furnished well, though
all the furniture is covered in dust and torn from years of non-use.  To one side is a fireplace
with a portrait hanging above it, framed in a redwood with gold encrustings.  Nagi closes her
eyes with a small smile and faces to the side.}

Nagi:  What gave me away?  My Key?

{Ryoko nods when Mitsuki and J both notice the hairband Nagi wears, the fourth Key of Jurai.  The
purple crest, visible just over her ear shines for a moment when Ryoko answers.}

Ryoko:  Yeah, I guess you know what's going on.

{Nagi too becomes a little quiet as her eyes open again directed at Ryoko.}

Nagi:  How could I not?  Father is a fleet commander.  Azusa has them all on alert still.

Ryoko:  What's he say about all this?

Nagi:  He would not say any more beyond the fleet being mobilized.  {Smiles some.}  I guess he
	does not want his only girl to worry about him.

{Ryoko scoffs with a smile.}

Ryoko:  More like he's worried about you.

Nagi:  You could be right, but I think I proved my strength well enough in the Reunion.  Would
	you not agree, Washu?

{Nagi glances over to Washu who nods knowingly.}

Washu:  That's very true.  Your strength rivaled even Tenchi's at that moment.  You know your Key
	would be very helpful.

{Nagi's expression becomes slightly more serious as she anticipates her meaning.}

Nagi:  So, you want me to return to Earth with you?

Ryoko:  {Nods.}  Tell me your not wanting to already, Nagi.

{Nagi tosses her cape over her shoulder and places her hand on her hip with a thoughtful smirk.}

Nagi:  The thought had crossed my mind.

{Ryoko focuses on Nagi seriously.}

Ryoko:  Your answer?

{Nagi looks back up to Ryoko, directly back into her half-sister's gaze.  Nagi's red eyes are
still and cold while Ryoko's golden eyes are almost dancing with emotion.}

Nagi:  Yes.

{The two smile some to each other and nod while silence fills the room.  Washu's voice finally
enters and breaks the stillness between Ryoko and Nagi.}

Washu:  Then, it's settled.  Now, weren't we going to relax before we go back to Earth?

{Ryoko glances down to Washu and nods with a little smile.}

Ryoko:  Yeah.

{With that, Washu falls into a chair and stretches out while Mitsuki and J look at each other
confusedly with teardrops.}

Mitsuki & J:  Did we miss something...?

{Ryoko goes to the fireplace and gazes into the portrait above.  She sees it to be a painting of
her mother Ryoshu, herself as a baby in her loving arms, and her father standing behind them,
strong and protecting.  However, age has worn away his face from the painting, save the cyan hair
that he shares with his daughter.  Ryoko sighs when Nagi takes a place next to her and whispers
quietly.}

Nagi:  Still miss them...?

Ryoko:  Everyday... you're lucky you still have your father...

Nagi:  {Nods.}  I know...

{Ryo-Ohki looks over to Ken-Ohki, who smiles warmly back to her.  Ryo-Ohki blushes in return as
the two of them hop from their masters' shoulders and scamper off alone.  A distance away,
Mitsuki and J sit down on a couch while Mitsuki reaches into her pocket and pulls out a Galaxy
Police control cube.  J glances at the small device curiously.}

J:  What the hell is that?

{Mitsuki half-glares at him in her response.}

Mitsuki:  It's a control cube, simpleton.  Mostly, it's equipment storage, but is useful for
	system control as well.

{J scowls some back.}

J:  Nice, but what're you going to do?

Mitsuki:  Look over the new information from when Kain was captured over one hundred years ago,
	of course.  We need to be prepared for the coming battle.

{J looks into Mitsuki's eyes, past her somewhat smug expression to see the sincerity of her
desire for vengence.  J quiets his distaste for the GP officer and nods back to her.  She
manipulates the cube similar to that of a Rubic's cube puzzle until a screen opens before them
which starts to fill with text and a few images, resembling a drafted police report.  J looks at
it and then glances confusedly to Mitsuki who glares at him before sighing hard.}

Mitsuki:  Okay, fine.  I'll read it to you.

{Mitsuki clears her throat while J just glares to the side before focusing on the pictures upon
the screen before him.  Most of the room is still when Mitsuki's voice reads aloud the words from
the page.}

Mitsuki:  Characteristic energy form, codename KAIN, was imprisoned through the interlink between
	the Jurai Power and the subspace prison network.  However, as a result, the Emperor of
	Jurai, the source of the Jurai Power for his operation, lost his life as a result of the
	exertion.

{Washu looks up disturbed and stands from her chair while Mitsuki continues.}

Mitsuki:  Yet, the Jurai Royal Family does not attest his death to the exertion alone.  In the
	battle, he used a new Key of Jurai, dubbed the Light Hawk Sword capable of massively
	releasing the Jurai Power within his body.

{Washu steps towards the window while J points to a picture of the past Emperor in a white
battlesuit with three green rhobi on his forehead, holding a shining broadsword.  The blade
itself is the purest white while the hilt is an off-green, designed to look like two sepal leaves
around the blossom that is the blade.  Many details, including the Emperor's face are masked by a
brilliant white light surrounding him and the sword he holds.  Mitsuki nods and continues.}

Mitsuki:  After the confrontation, the sword was never recovered.  Only the known three Keys were
	returned to the Emperor's wife and children.  According to royal sources, the three Keys
	were given to relations of the Emperor to prevent this incident from ever happening again.

{A subtle engine noise is heard outside now, causing both Ryoko and Nagi to spin from their
reflection upon the painting to Washu's position at the window.  Mitsuki and J both look up from
the text to see the concern growing in all their companions' faces.  Ryoko forms her sword while
Nagi pulls her yellow blade from her belt.  Mitsuki and J both stand and pull their firearms when
Washu places her hand lightly on the door's controls, keeping herself close to the wall away from
the door.  The four others prepare to attack once the door opens when a familiar and arrogant
voice calls from behind them all.}

Man:  I wouldn't open that door if I were you, Dr Washu Hakubi.

{Everyone spins around to see Ryobachi in the same priest's uniform from Ryoko's dream.  Ryoko
herself is taken aback by his presence before them while Nagi edges forward with an analytical
eye upon his position and tension.}

Nagi:  What is your business, priest?  We have not broken the laws governing Ryua.

Ryobachi:  True, but my "business", as you called it, has nothing to do with Ryua's GP laws.  I'm
	here only to make sure you can't help the Terran's little dilemma.

{Mitsuki and J aim their weapons at Ryobachi when J speaks up to the priest.}

J:  How'd you know about that?  Only Jurai and Earth know about that thing!

Mitsuki:  Yeah, it can't be detected except by sight and a close-range NVO energy test!

{Ryobachi just shakes his head and smiles to himself.}

Ryobachi:  You truly are in the dark.  Aren't you?  There's more here than you could possibly
	imagine, Terran.

{Ryoko glares at her former fiancee as she points her sword's tip at his chest.}

Ryoko:  Back off, Ryobachi, before we all kill you.

{Ryobachi grabs his chest and laughs in jest at Ryoko's threat.}

Ryobachi:  I'm hurt, Ryoko!  Our first reunion in years, and you're already threatening to kill
	me again.  You should be more worried about getting out of here alive.

{Washu calls out to Ryobachi.}

Washu:  We won't have any trouble with that.  You're ships are poorly hidden and easily avoided.

{Ryobachi eyes Washu, humored by her observation, but scoffs.}

Ryobachi:  That's why we have insurance.

{Ryobachi snaps his fingers, and Ryoko and Nagi both gasp in horror while he laughs at the two
of them.  Ryoko starts for Ryobachi when Nagi places an arm up to bar her path.  Nagi closes her
eyes and shakes her head while she whispers to Ryoko.}

Nagi:  Not now, Ryoko...  Bide your time...

{J glances over to Ryoko for a moment and then back to Ryobachi before him.}

J:  What's up over there?  Let's just take him out and leave!

{Ryoko glares with a firey anger building, deep into Ryobachi's twisted glee as she answers J.}

Ryoko:  He's got Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki...!

{Ryobachi nods with a small, vile smile on his lips.}

Ryobachi:  You really shouldn't let yourself get pulled into another world by your emotions,
	Ryoko.  It only leads to trouble.

{The door next to Washu opens with several Ryoan men standing on the other side, each holding an
energy sword in their fighting stance.  Each man is either dressed in a priest's garb like
Ryobachi or in a red and black battle uniform like Oniko.  Washu and Mitsuki spin around to see
them, and both are shocked to see those swords even existing.}

Washu:  What the...?!  Only pirates and rogues have access to the power...!

{Mitsuki spins back around to Ryobachi angry and surprised at once.}

Mitsuki:  The Ryoan power has been banned for aeons!  How are you getting it back?!

{Ryobachi laughs and answers Washu's discovery.}

Ryobachi:  You'll figure it out soon enough, all of you.  Disarm and come with us quietly.  Else,
	the cabbits will suffer.

{Ryoko curses Ryobachi under her breath.}

Ryoko:  You wretched bastard...!!

{Ryoko's sword vanishes while Nagi and the two officers lower their weapons.  Ryoko grimaces as
the men enter and take their weapons away and cuff their hands.  Ryobachi walks up to her and
blows a kiss into her face making her scowl all the more.  He grabs her wrists tightly while she
faces forward, holding back the desire to kill.  Her mind calls out to Tenchi as the click of the
metal bracelets rings around her own wrists.}

Ryoko:  Tenchi...  I hope you guys can hold out without us for a while...

End Scene 3

End Act 3