Dark Energy Trilogy
By William Benjamin Grilliette (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

All material of or relating to *Tenchi Muyo!* are copyrighted by Pioneer LD and AIC.
All material of or relating to *Men in Black* are copyrighted by Marvel/Malibu Comics and
	Columbia/Tristar Pictures.
All material of or relating to "Evil Pii" or "Nerti Ro" is property of William Benjamin
	Grilliette.
All material of or relating to "Angelbane duSoleil", "Cassandra duSoleil", or "Katiara duSoleil"
	is property of Jeffrey Williams.
More information about cast, plot, and story is available at http://evilpii.dorm4.org/.

Part 3:  Tenchi Muyo! / Men in Black: Inheritance
By William Benjamin Grilliette  (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Act 6

Scene 1

{Eternal shadow fills the environs along with a peaceful silence.  One female voice, Ayeka of
Jurai's, breaks this stillness with her words of somber regret.}

Ayeka:  I always thought that I would have plenty of time...

{The sound of soft waves hitting a sandy beachfront enter into the background as the view pans
across this black emptiness.  At its edge, the shadow beats against the soft silt like an oily
surf while nearby, the knees of one in a pink kimono sit in proper zarei fashion just out of the
fluid's reach.}

Ayeka:  I was wrong...

{Continue panning over the young woman's lap and up her figure to her face, Ayeka's face, gazing
down into the black waters before her.  Her expression is less hurt than listless and in a state
of loss of oneself while her kimono is untouched by any dirt or stain.  However, her tiara is not
on her forehead, giving her hair more freedom to fall around her face, only adding to the lost
feeling she has.}

Ayeka:  For the past three years, I have lived in the Masaki home... in love with the young man
	who lived there, Tenchi...

{She closes her crimson eyes tightly and leans forward while her hands rise from her lap to cover
her face while this voiceover continues through her sobs.}

Ayeka:  Yet, no matter the extent to which I loved him, that would never change our fates...

{Her hands rubs down her face and over her throat before stopping over her heart while her head
angles back to face the sky.}

Ayeka:  My heart still aches from losing him...  leaving a hole to be filled in my life... in my
	soul...

{A clawed hand grips her shoulder with its white porcelain chilling through her body at the
single touch.  Its surface glistens as if newly made in the furnace while the angle widens to
show not only all of Ayeka kneeling, but also the creature holding her shoulder.  Attached to the
white glove upon her shoulder is a black fire simulating the form of a humanoid body:  arms,
hands, even legs and feet.  Where the man's face would be, a white mask with a slight, pleased
smile watches Ayeka with flaming strands falling down around the mask and behind his head similar
to hair.}

Ayeka:  A hole that would be filled with the darkness that had invaded my body and mind... and
	would become my first son...

{Ayeka's eyes slowly open coldly directed into the air, soulless and mindless.  In addition, her
eye color has changed from the deep red of Jurai heritage to a slate grey, identical to Nerti's
irises.}

End Scene 1

Scene 2

{A black emptiness spreads itself throughout the imagination when Ryoko's voice breaks the
silence.}

Ryoko:  I couldn't let you get away...

{The soft sound of a kiss follows before Tenchi's voice answers Ryoko.}

Tenchi:  I didn't get away...

{Pan through the darkness until finding a spherical barrier arced with azure holding back an
aggressive crimson wishing to break through into the stillness and calm within.  In this peaceful
air pocket surrounded by Jurai Power, Tenchi holds Ryoko in his arms.  His freed hair sticks to
the back of his neck because of the sweat that covers his face while the cobalt blue combat
uniform shields the rest of his body, save the section burned away from his scorched back.  Ryoko
wears her traditional black and red battlesuit along with a black mark she painted down the right
side of her face, although it seems somewhat washed away by the perspiration and tears from her
face and eyes.  The young Juraian's tired face watches her with a thoughtful smile while she
raises her hand to her cheek lightly as if not believing the reality of the recent event.  Her
lips barely speak.}

Ryoko:  Tenchi...!

{Tenchi nods to her and speaks once more.}

Tenchi:  The Ryoko who gave up her past and used her great power to protect the lives of those in
	need...  she's the woman whose passion has stolen my heart...  with the warrior's spirit
	from your father and the shining love of your mother...

{He leans forward to Ryoko's face, touching his lips to hers while she reciprocates, and the two
hold each other closely with their eyes shut to the outside world.  Focus on Ryoko as her golden
eyes start to open slowly and then pop open in surprise.  Tenchi has vanished from her arms.  Her
arms drop to her sides before she darts her gaze in all directions searching for him, calling to
him.}

Ryoko:  Tenchi...?!  Tenchi?!  Where are you?!

{Ryoko spins around behind her, causing her hair to whip around with her when she now hears a
voice, Ryoshu-Tokimi's, behind her along with the clashes of blades.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  As the knight paladin, you are strong and valiant, Masaki.

{Ryoko turns back around to see that while she is encased in the Jurai shield, Tenchi and
Ryoshu-Tokimi now stand outside that energy field on the streets of Manhattan facing each other
in fighting stances.  Tenchi no longer looks tired in the white gi and hakama armor that protects
him while he bears the three kite markings on his forehead and the Light Hawk Sword in his hands.
His glare focuses on his opponent, in the form of Ryoko's mother dressed in the same black and
red regal dress she was before.  One of her violet, clawed hands is closed tightly with a black
energy saber blazing from that fist.  She is also encompassed by fifteen monoliths of pure white
while Tenchi has the three evenly spaced in a circle before him.  Ryoko pounds her fists on the
shield around her screaming down to them, the field reflecting her blows back with a blue flash
on the surface of the sphere.  Her fear grows with each strike, both in her face and voice.}

Ryoko:  Run, Tenchi!!  Get out of there!!

{Tenchi does not look back at her, but Ryoshu-Tokimi glances up to Ryoko with a smile growing on
her lips.  Tenchi suddenly pushes forward, the three light shields before him breaking their
formation to take blocking positions:  near his left and right arms, and directly before him.
Ryoshu-Tokimi stands firm when the Lighthawk Sword is swung into the light shield directly before
her.  The impact shakes the energy form as the sword starts to cut into its interior, causing
cracks to form and radiate from the point of contact.  The elder woman takes a back stance while
three of her shields glisten brightly, changing shape into blades.  Time slows when the three
light blades suddenly rocket forward as she starts her forward motion towards Tenchi.  The blades
crash their way into Tenchi's three shields, both sets vanishing in a small dissolution of light.
Tenchi sees his defense gone and starts to take a step back, pulling the sword back with him when
Ryoshu-Tokimi reaches him and thrusts her glove's claws deep into his abdomen.  He screams out in
pain, dropping the metal broadsword to the ground while blood drips from the edge of his mouth
when he coughs.  The young man's gloved hands grab the wrist bearing the claws dug into his body
and pushes himself off them, staggering backward and falling to one knee.  Ryoko gasps and takes
a step back in the field keeping her away, the terror enveloping her entire being.}

Ryoko:  Tenchi...!!  No...!!

{Ryoshu-Tokimi glances back up to Ryoko as she pulls back the black broadsword for the final
blow.  Ryoko shakes her head slowly, her voice now begging to the image of her mother standing
over the man she loves.}

Ryoko:  No...!!  Don't...!!  Please...!!  I beg you...!!

{Her lips do not move, but Ryoshu-Tokim's combination of a mother's calm and a beyond heavenly
presence within her voice enters Ryoko's mind and provides the end of this scene.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Your love for him has doomed him...  His fate is further sealed by his love for
	you...  This unholy arrangement will now end before it is consummated...

{Ryoko falls to her knees and clasps her hands, even more emphatic in her desire to stop this.}

Ryoko:  Mother...!!  Please...!! For God's sake, stop it...!!

{Ryoshu-Tokimi's cobalt eyes bordered by blood blink and refocus on Tenchi, bleeding from the
hole in his abdomen.  She grins as her sword swings forward, aimed at the boy's neck.  Ryoko's
eyes are horrified when her scream echoes in the sphere around her while Tenchi's blood splatters
across Ryoshu-Tokimi's clothes as well as her pleased face.}

Ryoko:  No!!

{Ryoko's eyes pop open as she jumps from her chair screaming.}

Ryoko:  No!!

{She falls to her knees, the terror still surrounding her soul as she looks around the MiB
medward room she finds herself in.  Around her shoulders is a bedsheet someone wrapped around her
while a bed stands before her with machines at its sides, keeping time with the patient's vital
signs.  She slowly calms down as she stands, feeling her heart still wanting to jump out of her
chest.  She looks down on the bed to find Tenchi in a patient's robe under the sheets of the
American bed, sleeping comfortably.  Ryoko slowly lifts the sheets and runs her hand along
Tenchi's abdomen to find no hole, no stitches, just the tired breathing of a worn man.  Ryoko
takes a deep breath and replaces Tenchi's sheets with a few soft words to herself.}

Ryoko:  He's safe... he's alright...

{She takes a step back and falls back with a sigh into the chair she was in when the nightmare
first struck her.  Her bloodshot eyes close while her hand reaches up to her face to touch the
warm tears that have strayed down her face, and also partially washed away the mark of Oniko.
Her eyes reopen and pan across the room, finding Nobuyuki and Yosho across the room in couch-like
chairs sound asleep from the excitement that concluded hours before.  She herself still wears the
combat suit, though her hair has lost its spiked nature from the dampness of her sweat to be
soft, matted locks behind her head and around her face.  Her gaze finds a clock that reads "0425"
before she closes her eyes and rubs her hand over her face, sighing once more to relieve the last
of her tension.}

Ryoko:  It's only been a couple hours...

{Ryoko pushes herself from the chair and quietly moves it closer to Tenchi's bedside before
sitting back down with her gaze on the slow breath leaving his lips.  Her feline eyes become soft
watching him while a memory of her own voice enters her mind.}

Ryoko:  I've lived a life of danger and death for most of my nineteen years.  It's what I know,
	and I want to keep you from it as much as I can.  That's why I'm here.

{Tears form at the corners of her eyes as her real voice now speaks barely above a whisper.}

Ryoko:  But, you didn't want me hurting myself to save you...  You risked your life for mine...
	and...

{Behind Ryoko, the door creaks open slowly as she starts to sob some and takes Tenchi's hand in
hers, amongst the intravenous lines going into his arm.  Light footsteps move towards Ryoko as
she grips Tenchi's hand tightly, bowing her head while her sobs shake her body.}

Ryoko:  Dammit, Tenchi!  You almost killed yourself!  If Ryo-Ohki hadn't sped to Earth as fast as
	she did...

{A kind hand touches Ryoko's shoulder, interrupting her train of thought and dragging her mind
away from scolding her love.  She looks up from Tenchi and behind to see Nagi resting her hand on
her half-sister supportively.  She wears her usual bounty hunter uniform with a few major
exceptions:  no weapons save her Key in her hair and no cape around her.  Nagi's eyes have a
uncommon calm in her actions toward Ryoko, which confuses her.  Nagi smiles some and gives
Ryoko's shoulder a small squeeze.}

Nagi:  He never asked your permission to protect you...  That was his choice, not yours...

{Ryoko glances down for a moment with a saddened expression before answering.}

Ryoko:  Yes, but...

{Nagi sighs and kneels down at her side before continuing.}

Nagi:  Trusting someone is very difficult for people like us...  You love him, but you are
	worrying yourself to death about whether or not he will wake up from this coma, right?

{Ryoko looks into her sister's eyes to see sincerity looking back while her own still retain
their tears, and doubts.}

Ryoko:  I trust and believe he'll come back to me, Nagi...  but the waiting and the...

{The violet-haired woman nods and continues in a softer tone, as her gaze moves slightly away
from Ryoko's face.}

Nagi:  The waiting...  I can understand the waiting...

{Ryoko blinks away some of her tears when Nagi's words now grab the elder sister's attention from
her own problems.}

Nagi:  When I was taken from my father, I waited for days on end for him to save me... to bring
	me back home and say "It was a mistake" and "Can you forgive me, my daughter?"

{Ryoko listens intently to Nagi's memory while Nagi's raises her chin some, trying to keep her
own composure as she takes a short, staccato breath.}

Nagi:  When he did not come, I stole some small serrated knives from the dining hall in the state
	institution...  It was difficult when I was only eight, but I got out easy enough...  I
	immediately headed for home...

{In Nagi's mind as well as Ryoko's imagination, a young Juraian girl with Ryoan-like spiked hair
steps softly into a field of violet and deep purple flowers amongst the green grass, all blurring
together in the cloudy moonlight.  The girl's hair is arranged in two long twin pigtails as well
as the purple hairband that was the concealed Key Nagi bears now.  Her face is darkened by the
black mark Nagi has had since birth while her young form wears the robes of a child of the Royal
Family.  However, her face and hands have minor scratches, cuts, and bruises while her clothes
are ripped and torn here and there.  This eight-year-old Nagi wanders through the field calling
her father's name desperately as the adult Nagi continues her story.}

Nagi:  But, he was not home, nor in the field he taught me the sword...  He was transferred to a
	different region, but a child would not know such things...  I was alone, shunned by the
	Jurai... and my own father...

{This memory ends when Nagi now looks over into Ryoko's eyes quietly.}

Nagi:  I know now that it was not his decision to leave me or be transferred, but it took much of
	my heart to trust his words and believe that he would never leave me again...

{Ryoko nods and gains a slight smile across her lips while Nagi pats her gently on the back.}

Nagi:  What Masaki did for you was heroic, worthy of the true prince of Jurai...  It was not his
	decision to leave you behind...

{The cyan-haired woman closes her eyes while a couple more tears stray down her face as she lets
a small laugh escape.}

Ryoko:  But, he'll come back to me and never leave me again...

{The younger sister stands squeezes Ryoko's shoulder once more while Nagi motions toward the
sleeping prince.}

Nagi:  You watch over him...  keep him safe...  Alright?

{Ryoko wipes her tears away and nods as her eyes refocus on the man who has stolen her heart.
A subtle smile crosses Nagi's lips when she stands away from Ryoko and walks silently to the
door.  She exits the room without a sound and takes a long, deep sigh as she rests her forearms
against the door, drooping her head upon them.  A man's voice comes from beside her, softly
drawing her back from within herself.}

Man:  How is she...?

{Nagi looks up from her arms and glances towards the source of the male voice, Azaka dressed in
his battle uniform holding his staff as a guard for Tenchi's room.  Nagi takes a breath and
pushes herself back to her feet again, facing Azaka and resuming her usual attitude.}

Nagi:  Doing better...  She just needs to be with him now.

{Azaka's blue eyes look deep into Nagi's red feline irises with his concern now directed towards
her.}

Azaka:  And you, Lady Nagi?

{Her gaze falters from its former lock with Azaka's while she takes a short, calming breath.}

Nagi:  I am as well as can be expected.

{Azaka closes his eyes and shakes his head in a general disapproval.}

Azaka:  Madam, the crimson of your eyes tells of your Juraian heritage, as does your pride, but
	that same color helps to hide how truly tired you are.  You should rest yourself,
	especially given the stress you put yourself through recently.

{She glances back up towards him as his eyes open and shakes her head, straightening herself to
appear stronger than she truly is.}

Nagi:  I have other matters to take care of before I rest.

{Azaka rests his hand firmly on her shoulder and shows his kindness in his voice and
expressions.}

Azaka:  Lady Nagi, if you are referring to Princess Sasami, others, including myself, could...

{Her shoulder is wrestled away from his gentle grasp while she does not look him in the face to
reply.}

Nagi:  No, she needs someone who can devote every moment to being with her.

{Her gaze turns back towards the knight, her eyes fiery and emotional though her voice stress and
expressions do not parallel it.  However, some of her fatigue does show through.}

Nagi:  I am not blind.  I know that Sasami's elder sister was as destroyed watching Masaki fall
	yesterday as Ryoko was.  For that reason, neither of them, as much as they likely would be
	at her side, are with that little girl.  I will take their place for now because unlike all
	of you with your kind words and sentiments, I can watch over her without any other
	distractions.  She should not be alone now, and you know that.

{For a moment, silence enters the air between them when Azaka closes his eyes and replies with a
slight nod.  She turns from him and continues down the corridor while he watches her go with a
concern ringing in his mind.}

Azaka:  You must not spread yourself too thin...  It will be too easy to hurt yourself...

{The Ryo-Jurai warrior walks through the corridor, ignoring the MiB agents passing by her while
her eyes blink to fight back the encroaching sleep.  Soon, she arrives several doors away from
Tenchi's room at a door with "Jurai, Sasami" printed on the chart folder hanging next to the
door.  After opening the door, she steps into the room and walks slowly and with very soft steps
towards the sleeping girl's bed.  On that bed, Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki are curled side-by-side by
her feet, resting themselves.  Nagi stops standing over them and reaches down to scratch both of
their heads just light enough to not wake them.  A content smile crosses the woman's lips before
her eyes scan across Ken-Ohki's body and note the small bandages here and there on his small
body.  Her expression becomes somewhat somber before she seats herself with Washu's voice tolling
within her mind.}

Washu:  Ohkis are innately tied to the Ryoan race...  To use them to channel Jurai Power like you
	did is very dangerous...  If Ryo-Ohki hadn't been there to share the load...

{Nagi takes a breath and sighs as she shakes her head slowly.}

Nagi:  I am sorry, my friend...  We both know it was the only way...

{She then looks over to Sasami's sleeping face surrounded by her beautiful hair flowing like the
sea itself.  The young girl's bedsheets are disheveled from tossing and turning within her
unsettled slumber.  A bit of perspiration is still visible on her forehead around the two
triangular markings of green, so similar to those that appeared upon Tenchi's face.  Nagi's hand
reaches to a nearby lampstand and takes a small rag, which she uses to lightly dab the sweat away
from Sasami's face.  Her voice is soft and kind to the small girl.}

Nagi:  It's alright...  The nightmare'll pass soon...

{She continues to sit forward in the chair for the next few moments just watching the youth's
troubled sleep-state while her hands hold that rag in her lap.  Nagi sets the rag back on the
lampstand before she brushes Sasami's bangs from in front of her eyes and feels the warmth of her
forehead.  The bounty hunter closes her eyes with a shake of her head as she leans back in her
chair and lets the tension leave her body.  Her head droops some while her arms fall off the
seat's armrests as her eyes open to gaze into the distance.  A sigh floats from her lips while
her voice is quiet in the otherwise silent room.}

Nagi:  So tired...

{The crimson eyes slowly close when the pat of covered feet enters the room, drawing Nagi's
attention away from her own tired state.  The footsteps stop when Nagi sets her gaze upon he who
entered, the knight Kamidake.  He stands a short distance from her in his white combat garb and
his staff in his left hand while his soft, violet eyes focused on the youthful woman before him.
Nagi pulls herself into a less relaxed position in her chair before questioning her visitor.}

Nagi:  What are you doing here?

Kamidake:  I thought I would check on the Princess and see how she was doing.  I also thought
	that I should make sure you were alright.

{Nagi's eyes train on Kamidake's pupils while her head turns towards Sasami.  She blinks and then
refocuses on the young princess sleeping before her while Kamidake walks to her side and kneels
to examine the girl's condition closer.  The mixed-blood woman keeps her tone to a minimum, but
some of her fatigue pokes through her attempts to hide it, as well as some of her heart.}

Nagi:  She's just tired.  That's all.  It'd be better if her sister were here, instead of me.

{Kamidake glances to Nagi curiously as he asks.}

Kamidake:  Why not you?

{Her feline eyes never leave sight of the youth before her while the memory of herself, so much
like Sasami, runs through the fields of her mind.}

Nagi:  My hands are too covered in blood to offer one to her.

{Kamidake shakes his head while his emotional guard lifts some.}

Kamidake:  That was also in the past.  You're a different person than you were before the
	Reunion.

{She blinks and then gazes into the distance, the memories floating through the universe in her
head of the criminals she has brought to justice, by imprisonment or death.}

Nagi:  Have I changed that much?  I don't feel that different.

{Nagi suddenly blinks and looks down to her left hand upon the chair's armrest,  where Kamidake's
white-gloved palm is placed over hers.  Her surprised vision follows his arm back to his kind
face behind his fiery hair.}

Kamidake:  When I first met you during Kagato's coup, I found you cold to everyone in the Masaki
	household, even Azaka and myself.  However, you were actually kind to Princess Sasami then.
	It was as if you two shared a common bond.  The Reunion proved that you were a Juraian
	lady, just like she was.

{Nagi blinks and finds no words to respond to him as he turns his kneeling stance to face towards
the Jurai noblewoman before him.}

Kamidake:  Since that information was made known, I've watched you grow more and more kind.  You
	and your sister Ryoko now speak civilly and even supportively when only six months ago,
	both of you knew each other only by the clashing of your swords.  You are much more than
	"Nagi the Bounty Hunter"... or the "Bastard of Light and Dark".

{After Kamidake stops, the black mark on Nagi's face that has been there since her birth slowly
fades away.  Similarly, the Mark of Rage on the knight's face vanishes while silence envelopes
them both when their gazes meet and intertwine.  Moments pass quickly before they notice the
ringing of a bell around them.  The black reappears on Nagi's face as she suddenly hears the
sound and turns away from Kamidake towards the lampstand, the source of the ringing.  The red
knight closes his eyes and allows her hand to pull away from his while she attends to the noise.
Her fingers tap the keys on a keypad attached to the lampstand, causing a communications window
to open.  On the screen is the face of a Jurai Fleet commander with tan eyes and grey-streaked
black hair, her father Tensho.  His slight, confident smirk reflects her usual expression while
she quickly looks behind her to find Kamidake gone and the door to the room shut without a sound.
Her father's firm and kind voice pulls Nagi's attention back to him.}

Tensho:  Nagi, I see you're alright.

{His daughter turns back to him slowly and nods in reply.}

Nagi:  Yes, sir.  I assume the Fleet has been pulled back from full alert.

{The old warrior nods.}

Tensho:  Yes, we have.  The Emperor is probably speaking with Zed and Ayeka now about the
	aftermath and reconstruction.

{The young woman glances to the floor and takes a slow breath at Ayeka's name, catching his
attention.  His worry soon follows}

Tensho:  Is there something wrong?  You look exhausted.  Have you gotten any rest at all?

{Nagi shakes her head and sighs as she looks back up to her father who closes his eyes and angles
his head forward a bit.}

Tensho:  You haven't...  Always trying to do too much... Nagi, you're just like your mother...

{Those words strike her deeply, taking her aback as the scene fades from her amazed expression to
the younger of the two legendary knights walking through the corridors of MiB HQ.  The halls are
strangely quiet and empty of people while he thoughtfully continues through them, his staff
tapping the floor in rhythm with his feet.  However, one agent appears in the hallway and heads
directly for Kamidake.  The young MiB's presence pulls the knight from his thoughts when the
youth, the overzealous boy with the designation K, calls his name.}

K:  Sir Kamidake Juraiko!

{Kamidake stops and looks at the youth's face blankly while the American reaches him and starts
to speak.}

K:  Zed would like to speak with you and whoever else was in the battle, especially Tenchi Masaki
	and Ryoko of Ryua.

{The Key holder blinks some in confusion at the agent's request.}

Kamidake:  That will be difficult given their current conditions, regardless of your commander's
	request.

{K retorts the warrior's statement with an unmoved look in his eye.}

K:  I am aware of L's report regarding Masaki's condition as well as Ryoko's desire to stay with
	him.  However, that doesn't change the fact that Emperor Azusa wants a sit-rep of last
	night.  Since Sir Azaka has put himself in charge of their security, and Prince Yosho also
	is at his grandson's side, that leaves you and Lady Nagi as the last two that the Emperor
	wishes to speak with.

{The red knight nods and then quirks an eyebrow with a thought.}

Kamidake:  What about Princess Ayeka?  Where is she?

{The youth shakes his head while folding his arms.}

K:  No one's seen her since the scene in the docking bay last night.  That is probably something
	Zed and the Emperor will ask when they speak with you.  So, should I also get Lady Nagi, or
	should you be enough?

{Thoughts of Nagi speaking with her father float through the fire-haired Juraian's mind before he
shakes his head.}

Kamidake:  No, I do not believe that necessary.  I would imagine the tactical analysis from Azaka
	and myself would suffice.  Azaka will be free once someone else becomes available to take
	his post.

{K nods understandingly.}

K:  Understood.

{He motions in the briefing room's direction.}

K:  Shall we?

{Kamidake nods to him, and the two turn and start to walk towards the INS section, where Zed's
briefing room and office stand high above, surrounded by glass to watch all that he surveys.  The
knight looks up to his escort and notices the young man's body carriage and personality before he
speaks idly.}

Kamidake:  I assume you were formerly in a military organization here on Earth.

{K nods without looking back to the man following him.}

K:  Yes, I graduated top of my class from West Point Academy.  I guess you noticed from the way I
	act.

Kamidake:  That was one clue, yes.  However, your dedication to your mission, even one so routine
	as this one, speaks more highly of your focus and intensitiy.

{K smirks and laughs to himself.}

K:  That's strange.  Most people just think I'm an asshole.

{Kamidake smiles to himself.}

Kamidake:  I never said you were not.

{The agent's eyes pop open with a teardrop on the side of his head while the knight shakes his
head and continues seriously.}

Kamidake:  Such dedication can lead to callousness.  You should never allow that to happen.
	Honor and chivalry are much more precious than any mission or purpose.

{Those words spoken with an air of truth from a man who believes them wholly strike K when the
two arrive at their destination.  The doors slide open, allowing Kamidake to enter while K
remains outside for a few moments, reflecting on the knight's words, before leaving for his next
duty to perform.  Zed sits behind his desk shuffling through papers with several communication
windows open around him while Kamidake stands before him quietly.  The chatter between the people
represented within each window causes a continuous background in the glass chamber when Zed
speaks to crimson knight without looking up.}

Zed:  Sir Kamidake Juraiko, nice of you to come instead of... well, everyone else.

{Kamidake assumes a resting stance with his staff in both hands behind his back while he keeps
his eyes on Zed.}

Kamidake:  I understand and accept responsibility.

{Zed puts down the files he is sorting and shakes his head.}

Zed:  I'm not asking you to accept responsibility.  I had you brought here to speak to your
	direct superior, as per his request.

{Zed finally does look up to the knight's purple eyes with a frustrated glare.}

Zed:  I must attend to arranging the reconstruction of everything destroyed across the world by
	that black beast, which is difficult enough without worrying about the Jurai Royal Family's
	interests.  Now, I'll give you a direct subspace line to the throne room, and you can deal
	with the Emperor.

{The warrior stands firm and simply nods as Zed's hand tracks a path of keys on a nearby keypad,
causing a new window to open before Kamidake.  However, the face looking back at him is not that
of Emperor Azusa, but the young commander Sagami.  The young leader speaks fast before he
realizes the person standing before his image.}

Sagami:  Ayeka!

{Kamidake teardrops and blinks in confusion while Sagami does similar and lightly blushes under
his eyes.  The ship captain clears his throat and takes a breath to alleviate his embarrassment
before explaining himself to the knight.}

Sagami:  Sir Juraiko...  Forgive my outburst...  I thought I would be talking with Princess
	Ayeka...

{Kamidake smiles some and shakes his head.}

Kamidake:  It is alright.  I understand.  How are matters of the military on Jurai?

{Sagami smiles some to himself.}

Sagami:  The tension is leaving slowly.  When victory on Earth was announced, celebration started
	here on Jurai that rivals this past Startica.

Kamidake:  I wish we all were there to see it.

Sagami:  I am sure you will be soon, my friend.

{Sagami pauses for a moment glances to the floor in the Palace before continuing.}

Sagami:  The Emperor will be wanting to speak with you momentarily, and I wanted to speak with
	Ayeka before he did.  Is she there?

{The knight closes his eyes and shakes his head before the words are carried on his voice with
some sadness filtering through his discipline.  The captain's expression grows more concerned.}

Kamidake:  No one has seen Princess Ayeka since the end of the battle...  She watched Lord
	Tenchi...

{The voice of the Emperor Azusa stops Kamidake from continuing any further.}

Azusa:  Yes, what happened to Princess Ayeka, Sir Juraiko?

{Sagami glances to the side and bows his head some while stepping aside, leaving room for the
Emperor of Jurai to take most of the communication window's frame.  The long violet locks and
beard of the leader of Jurai aid in making his presence all that more foreboding as Kamidake nods
and starts to give his report to his Emperor.  While this deposition begins, Angelbane's voice
enters.}

Angelbane:  She who killed our son...  to whom Liaens and Jezibel followed without question...
	whom the Ryoans revere as holy...

{Cassandra's voice joins his as the scene fades to the starry night over Manhattan.}

Cassandra:  She still lives... even after Tenchi Masaki's bravery and love saved Ryoko from her
	grasp...

{Pan down to the top of the Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority building, the MiB's front deep
in Manhattan's Battery Park.  Angelbane and Cassandra stand looking out into the distance with
their hands clasped tightly together.  Lady duSoleil's face is torn between fear and hatred while
her husband is solemn in his gaze.  In the distance, sirens can be heard across the city while
fires burn in various buildings and parks.}

Angelbane:  I felt her presence on Liaens's ship when Ryoko and Nagi were kidnapped six months
	ago.  You felt her deep within Nerti's subconscious shortly afterward.

Cassandra:  And, no one knows she's here... except us... Tenchi... Ryoko... and her own sister...

{The legendary man shakes his head.}

Angelbane:  No...  I think Ayeka Jurai senses her as well... and so does Nerti Ro...

{The diminutive lady looks up to him confused by his theory.}

Cassandra:  I'll admit that Nerti's connection with her leads to some sense of that woman's
	existence, but...

{Angelbane's voice suddenly drops into a cold tone.}

Angelbane:  Cassandra, you can tell as easily as I can that Ayeka's broken heart is nearly
	identical to our son's.

{Her eyes widen as a gasp leaves her lungs, and her head starts to shake slowly.}

Cassandra:  No...!!

{Angelbane closes his eyes and turns to put his arms around his wife, holding her close to
attempt to stop her dark memories and fears.  His words now become warm and calming for her whom
he loves.}

Angelbane:  We won't let it happen...  Neither Ayeka nor Nerti will die... I swear it...

{She buries her face in his chest, seeking solace from her memories.  As the pure light of the
sun just begins to peak over the horizon, shedding its light across the devastation of the past
night, that light reflects off the golden hair of Angelbane and Cassandra's adopted daughter
Katiara.  She sits on the steps of a fire escape just out of their hearing range while her eyes
look over the edge of the concrete walls with a worried gaze.}

End Scene 2

Scene 3

{Music blares loudly throughout the INS division of MiB HQ while Terrans of all races, creeds,
and gender dance to the beat of the sounds, mingle amongst themselves, or sit at tables which now
stand across the floor.  Each agent wears not the uniform black suit of the MiB, but their own
individual formal attire, some in tuxedos or dresses while others in khakis or miniskirts.  The
entire two story chamber has been modified with tracklighting and miscellaneous spotlights,
strobes and banners celebrating the victory over the Darkness of the Universe the previous night.
>From the shadows of a nearby corridor, a young man and woman step forward into the light.  The
woman's blonde hair almost radiates in the light around them while her grey eyes seem to shy
away, believing herself out of place.  Nerti Ro's ponytail swishes from side to side when she
shakes her head before her male counterpart's arm wraps around her shoulders.  She blushes as her
eyes slowly turn to her companion's brown irises surrounded by a happily content expression.
Dressed in a white sport jacket with a white formal shirt and black slacks, Will Pii motions back
towards the party.}

Pii:  Wanna join in?

{Nerti turns her sight back to the floor before her while she speaks softly.}

Nerti:  No...  I don't think I'm ready to socialize yet...

{Pii nods gently and squeezes her shoulder lightly.}

Pii:  Okay... You want to take a table and watch the others?

{Her head nods before her gaze turns back to him with a more subdued blush and a slight smile.}

Nerti:  Sorry....

{The Terran bounty hunter shakes his head kindly, still just content.}

Pii:  It's alright.  You need to take one step at a time.  I'll always be at your side.  Okay?

{She nods and rests her head gently against his shoulder before the two of them step away from
the corridor and proceed along the wall of the chamber to a table distanced from the majority of
the other attendants.  The two seat themselves close together and gaze out onto the dance floor
without a word, allowing the beat of the music to fill their ears and the motions of the varied
peoples to entertain their imaginations.  Pii then feels something and looks down at his hand to
see Nerti's hand over his.  He glances to her grey eyes with a calm and content expression
looking back at him when her previous words float through his thoughts.}

Nerti:  I do remember a feeling...  one I have any time I'm around you...

{He smiles back at her, their strong ties flowing unspoken between the two of them.  When the
outside world begins to melt away, an educated female voice calls to their attention away from
each other.}

Woman:  Well, it's good to see you two are well rested.

{Their gaze is broken as they look up to see Washu standing before their table, smiling slyly at
the pair.  Nerti blushes a glowing red while Pii clears his throat and pulls at the dress shirt's
collar nervously.  The ex-professor laughs to herself as she seats herself facing both former SA
students, watching them both squirm under her analytical presence.}

Washu:  It's nice to see that both of you clean up very nicely as well, even if you're wearing
	loaned clothes.

{Nerti bows her head some and answers in a shaking voice, with the redness of her face only
deepening in color.}

Nerti:  Thank you, Dr Hakubi...

{She only scoffs and shakes her head while her interest remains on the young blonde woman.}

Washu:  Actually, I'm a bit impressed by the two of you.  Few successful students come from the
	Pentinon branch of the Science Academy.  Everything about your class says that it was the
	finest in its history, and that you two were the top of that class.  It is a shame it was
	blemished by that incident.

{Nerti grows quiet and slightly bows her head while Pii pats her hand softly and reassuringly.
Washu nods in silence before she continues with some cautious interest.}

Washu:  However, those anti-NVO generators and the anti-Jurai device you devised were a master's
	works, not to mention the Mecha-Nerti android.  I'd like to find some time and discuss the
	principle behind them all.  After all, you didn't have a sample of Kain to work from.  I
	doubt Liaens did either.

{The redness and all other color flow out of Nerti's face while Pii's hand grips hers gently.
She looks over to him as he now speaks on her behalf.  His expression is set in a somber tone
while his words are deep felt from his emotions.}

Pii:  With all due respect, professor... I don't find this the appropriate time to be asking
	that...

{Washu's eyes glance between the two of them before she giggles a bit with a subtle smile.}

Washu:  Oh, don't worry about it.  I didn't mean right now.  I'm sure you two have other matters
	to worry your pretty heads about.

{The red-haired, insane teacher winks at the duo and laughs to herself as Pii and Nerti blush
together in reply.  While this scene plays out, a young woman steps through the shadows, her form
proper and refined and yet shy and withdrawn.  As she steps into the light, the vibrant color and
beautiful artistry of her kimono speaks volumes of Juraian craftsmanship and only emphasizes the
violet hair wisking across her shoulders.  However, though she wears a Key to the Jurai Power in
that hair, the black mark across her cheek and the feline features of her face and eyes identify
her as Nagi, now dressed as the royal blood in her veins dictates.  However, now her hair is
combed out into smooth sheets around her face, much more like Ayeka or Sasami.  Although her body
is completely covered by cloth, save her hands and head, she seems very apprehensive looking out
upon the crowd.  As she starts to back away from the festivities, a firm hand grips her shoulder,
stopping her from going any further.  She takes a quick breath and spins around to the one
holding her, Kamidake.  Standing in his Juraian military uniform, his face is free of the Mark of
Rage while his warm smile shines on Nagi's uneasiness.  She sighs and looks away from Kamidake
while he pulls his hand back from her shoulder, his smile remaining nonetheless.  His warmth
flows even in his soft voice.}

Kamidake:  You look gorgeous, Nagi, far beyond any other I have seen...

{A slight reddish tint graces Nagi's face, adding to the color of her appearance, which makes
Kamidake smile that much more.  He reaches to her side and gently takes her hand in his while
taking a step out before her.  She looks over to him with a slight glare, though his eyes shoot
through her false anger when he asks a simple question.}

Kamidake:  Care to dance?

{Nagi's expression is one of confusion at the knight before her gaze droops away from his.  A
little anxiety can be heard in her voice.}

Nagi:  No...  I do not believe so...

{The red-haired man blinks at her confused.}

Kamidake:  Why not?

{He barely hears her reply.}

Nagi:  I never learned how...

{A drop of sweat rolls down the side of his head while the wry expression on his face describes
how impossible this is to his mind.  Nagi continues to face into the shadows, hiding the blush
enveloping her face when light footsteps scamper their way towards the two and suddenly stop
within three meters of this pair.  Sasami's innocent voice is filled with amazement when she
calls Nagi by name.}

Sasami:  Nagi...  You're...!!

{The female warrior spins around, allowing the kimono to swirl about her, adding grace to her
quick and precise actions.  Her eyes fall upon the ten-year-old girl, dressed in a smaller
Juraian festival costume more suited for those with a good bit of energy to run about and play.
Sasami's facial expressions mimic her voice's tonality, focused in almost a surprised awe at
Nagi's new appearance.  Kamidake turns to Sasami and  goes to her side to kneel with a subtle
smile on his face while his eyes deliberately follow hers back to the violet-haired  woman.}

Kamidake:  She is a lot more than many would expect.

{The girl's awe shifts into joy as she goes to Nagi's side and feels the fabric of the kimono.
She giggles happily and looks up to Nagi with a smile on her face at her discovery.}

Sasami:  Where'd you get this?!  This is just like the Juraian silk robes Ayeka only wears for
	state matters!

{The confused gaze in the woman's eyes fades to a soft smile as she kneels with Sasami and puts
her hand on the girl's shoulder.  Quietly, Nagi whispers to Sasami so that Kamidake cannot hear.}

Nagi:  It's from my father...  but don't tell Kamidake that...  It'll be our secret...
	Alright...?

{The princess glances over to Kamidake and then back to Nagi.  She snickers to herself while Nagi
now has a drop of sweat bead on her head.  Sasami winks and whispers back to the woman.}

Sasami:  I see...!  You like him...!!

{Nagi's face suddenly flashes a deep red, and her speech starts to stutter.}

Nagi:  N... N... No...!!  It's not that...!!

{Sasami gleefully hops away from Nagi's side over to Kamidake and takes his hand, drawing him
back over by the beautifully dressed Juraian noblewoman.  Now, Kamidake and Nagi both are at a
loss for words while Sasami explains to both of them.}

Sasami:  You two should dance!  It's the right time for it!

{A subtle pink crosses Nagi's face when she turns slightly away to hide it while replying to
Sasami's idea.}

Nagi:  I can't dance...

{She then feels something grip her hand, which causes her to quickly turn to that side to see
Kamidake's confident expression.}

Kamidake:  Don't worry.  I can teach you.

{Nagi scowls some in reply.}

Nagi:  I never said I wanted to learn either.

{Kamidake nods and continues.}

Kamidake:  That is true, but it is not proper for a Juraian lady to not know how to perform a
	formal dance.

{Sasami's voice chimes in harmony with Kamidake's sentiment.}

Sasami:  Yeah!  I can dance pretty well, and so can you, Nagi!

{Nagi's crimson eyes move between the sincerity within the violet in Kamidake's eyes to the
innocence in the soft pink of Sasami's.  A small smirk crosses her lips as she shakes her head
slowly.}

Nagi:  Very well...

{Sasami cheers while Nagi and Kamidake step out onto the cleared floor when the music changes to
a softer, slower song.  From her vantage point on the sidelines, Sasami watches as the pair
arrange themselves so that Kamidake leads Nagi in a waltz.  Nagi's kimono flaps in their triplet
steps through their motions, blending the stiffened movements of Nagi's novice level dance to
appear much more fluid in nature.  Kamidake grimaces periodically, and his partner would bow her
head momentarily and whisper in apology, apparently for stepping on his foot.  He would only
laugh and continue, directing her to a degree through the steps.  Slowly, Nagi's tension seems to
release, letting her forget the past day, the past years, and produce a genuine smile of
enjoyment.  Kamidake notices but looks away and pretends to ignore it, knowing Nagi's defensive
nature would cause her to remove it quickly.  He simply stays with her and continues their
synchronized choreography, finding a pleasing feeling just watching the woman beneath the bounty
hunter emerge, ever so slowly.  As Nagi and Kamidake's movements gradually merge into a smooth
flow of motion and color, J's voice stops the music with a sharp question.}

J:  Why do we have to do this anyway?

{The scene wipes to a black van rolling down the streets of Manhattan, headed towards the empty
business district.  Several buildings are severely damaged from the events of the previous night,
varying from minor scorches to complete demolition.  In the distance, the great Twin Towers of
the World Trade Center possess open wounds left to the air.  Luckily, the attack came at night
when most of these structures were emptied of workers, saving many lives.  L's voice answers J,
firmly confident in her words.}

L:  Because it's our job.  Who else will?

{Cut to within the cab of the van, where J drives with L at his side.  Both wear a glossy,
metallic black combat uniform modeled after the GP battlesuits, form-fitting and pliable while
also able to take a hard impact without much injury to the wearer  Across their right shoulder,
the a white collar encircles their arms with the black letters "MiB" are printed to signify their
occupation to all who know the meaning of that logo.  J watches the road replying to his partner,
who awaits his answer.}

J:  Why do all of those guys at headquarters get to party and relax while we've gotta come out
	here and deal with this new problem?

{From the back of the van, Mitsuki's voice rebukes J's words.}

Mitsuki:  Quit whining, MiB!  It's not like we need you around either!

{L glances into the rear of the vehicle to see the other four members of their party:  Mihoshi,
Kiyone, Mitsuki, and the young K.  K joins J and L in their clothing choice while Mihoshi,
Kiyone, and Mitsuki each have put on a new combat suit.  This costume consists of a bodysuit of
blue across the torso and black down the extremities and neck.  Over this is a navy blue jacket
with a soft red lining bearing two metal shoulder pads and a metallic ring on the left side of
the chest, centered with an emerald liquid crystal display (LCD).  The arms of the jacket also
have gauntlets extending from the elbow to the knuckles of the wearer, equipped with an oval LCD
similar to the jacket.  Among the three GP officers, Kiyone's blue eyes are hidden behind a slim
red visor which is wired into her coat, and her trademark orange headband is also missing.  Also,
her long green hair is clipped behind her head and allowed to spike behind her as well as to the
right side of her face down to her chin.  Kiyone and Mihoshi side nearby each other, Kiyone
helping Mihoshi with a couple adjustments to her gear while K watches the brewing argument
between J and Mitsuki.  Mitsuki glares at J, her facial scar almost glowing red from her
irritation.}

Mitsuki:  It was Zed who selected us to come out in full combat equipment for this run.

J:  Yeah, I know that, Mitsy, but don't we deserve a rest like them?

{Kiyone enters the conversation without looking up from aiding Mihoshi.}

Kiyone:  We're also the only ones with experience in this area, J.  That's why we go.

{The others turn to her as she finishes with Mihoshi and turns her attention towards the subtle
dissention between the MiB and GP.  Her blonde partner also listens to the conversation, trying
to understand the conflict.}

Kiyone:  Zed said that some of the techs detected an emination of NVO energy coming from the
	business district.  Unless you know someone more qualified to do this, it falls on us to
	finish this.

{K nods in agreement.}

K:  It's our duty to protect this world, and that's what we're going to do.

{J shakes his head and sighs.}

J:  Only you'd enjoy running into a fight.

{K scowls and shakes his head with an air of disrespect about him while Mihoshi sighs happily to
herself.  Kiyone, Mitsuki, and L all turn their attention to the blonde GP officer as she looks
up with a blush across her face.  Kiyone smiles sisterly towards her partner, causing Mihoshi to
cover her face and giggle quietly.}

Kiyone:  Pretty odd for you to blush just listening to them fighting.

{Mihoshi shakes her head and allows her hands to lower into her lap while her face still bears a
cute amount of reddish tint about her cheeks.}

Mihoshi:  No, it's not that...

{Kiyone nudges Mihoshi with her elbow, her smile growing in her teasing.}

Kiyone:  Come on, Mihoshi.  I want to know.  What made you blush?

{The blonde's hands start to fidget as a wry expression wipes across her face.}

Mihoshi:  Well...  I was just thinking about what to do when we get home was all...

{The teal-haired woman becomes confused.}

Kiyone:  Trips to the public baths never made you blush before.

{Mihoshi shakes her head and blushes more.}

Mihoshi:  No, no.  Not that...

{Kiyone's expression grows sly while L watches them and smiles to herself.}

Kiyone:  Oh, this is because of those nights you've been coming in after midnight...

{The tan on Mihoshi's skin becomes deeper and deeper red, enticing Mitsuki to pay more attention
now.  Kiyone puts her arm around Mihoshi and gives her a friendly squeeze.}

Kiyone:  You can tell us, Mihoshi.  We're your friends.

{Kiyone glances to Mitsuki.}

Kiyone:  Right, Mitsuki?

{Mitsuki nods and smiles through the scar across the side of her face.}

Mitsuki:  Of course.  What's been keeping you up at night?

{Mihoshi glances over to L to see the raven-haired woman smiling kindly at the group of GP
officers, of friends.  The blonde nods and begins her explanation.}

Mihoshi:  Alright.  Well...  It's because I have... a fiance...

{Her hands suddenly adhere to her face as a soft giggling rises in her voice while Kiyone and
Mitsuki both teardrop in utter stupification.  L's expression becomes wry, but she laughs to
herself looking at the expressions of the others around Mihoshi.  Kiyone then finally breaks out
of her surprise to question her partner.}

Kiyone:  A fiance...?!  When did this happen?!

{Mihoshi giggles some and rests her clasped hands in her lap.}

Mihoshi:  Well, I met him a little after the Manhattan thing a while back...

{Mitsuki blinks out of her stupor and asks Mihoshi.}

Mitsuki:  Who is this guy, and why haven't we heard anything about him?!

{Mihoshi continues, trying to contain her bubbly emotions.}

Mihoshi:  His name is Seion Makibi...  

{Kiyone and Mitsuki exchange glances curiously.}

Mitsuki:  Isn't your surname Makibi also...?

Kiyone:  Yeah...

{Mihoshi giggles and nods.}

Mihoshi:  Yeah, he even has Kiyone's hair and eye color!  Weird coincidence, huh?

{Kiyone and Mitsuki turn to the audience and teardrop.}

Kiyone & Mitsuki:  Right...

{Mihoshi sighs softly, gaining her friends' attention once more, and continues.}

Mihoshi:  He joined the special ops unit after Headquarters was destroyed in '96...  He's really
	a sweet guy...  and really knows how to make a girl feel special...

{A thought pops into her head that causes her to blush and giggle almost violently while Kiyone
grins to herself and shakes her head.  Mitsuki scoffs and ends with a smile herself before
Mihoshi recovers and continues.}

Mihoshi:  He and I are actually talking about moving in together...

{Mihoshi's usual jovial expression changes to melancholy, completely unlike the carefree Mihoshi
of old.  She sounds slightly more mature in her speech as her mind begins to explain her
situation.}

Mihoshi:  But if I'm going to be a wife...  I'd have to quit being a police officer...

{Kiyone and Mitsuki both grow concerned for their friend, as does L listening to these words.}

Mihoshi:  When this is all over...  I've already decided to go ahead with the move...

{She smiles gently to herself.}

Mihoshi:  It's just like that perfect world we made with Washu's machine...  Me as a housewife...
	bothering over the work about the house...  looking after our children...  waiting for my
	husband to come home...

{She sighs softly, releasing what tension has built up in her from telling this to her friends
around her.}

Mihoshi:  That dream has bopped about my head so much that it got in my way of doing my job...

{Mihoshi watches as another hand is laid upon hers with a kind and gentle touch, followed by
another from a separate direction.  She looks up to see Kiyone and Mitsuki with warmly inviting
expressions on their faces.  The two are quiet in their speech to her.}

Kiyone:  If that's what's best... partner...

Mitsuki:  Then go for it...  We're behind you...

{Mihoshi nods her head as a couple tears drip from her eyes.}

Mihoshi:  Thanks...  I wish I didn't have to leave you guys alone like that though...

Kiyone:  We'll be okay...  You just make sure your dream comes true...  alright?

{The blonde woman glances between her teal and crimson partners, both reflecting a strong support
for her decision.  She nods to them and smiles happily before Kiyone speaks up once more, with a
little blush on her face.}

Kiyone:  Actually, I have a confession to make myself...

{Mihoshi and Mitsuki have their eyes light up brightly at her, making Kiyone teardrop once more.
The first-class detective tries to wave them off.}

Kiyone:  No, no!  Nothing as serious as Mihoshi's engagement!  I've just been talking with this
	guy in the lunch room and...

{Mihoshi and Mitsuki close in on her, leaving her no path to escape.}

Mihoshi & Mitsuki:  And...?

{Kiyone begins to defend herself through the redness of her face while L faces forward with a
joyful expression on her face.  J shakes his head with a gruff word under his voice.}

J:  Women...

{L glances over towards her partner and smiles with a soft sigh watching him trying to avert his
attention from the humor in the rear of the vehicle.  Outside, the van arrives near the western
tip of Manhattan Island in the shadow the twin towers.  Save the rubble scattered about, the
streets are empty of vehicles and people, the whistling of the wind through the gaping holes in
various structures adding to the desolation.  The rear doors open, allowing K and the GP officers
to exit while J and L come to their side from the cab.  In addition to their combat uniforms,
each has taken a weapon from the shadows within the van itself:  Kiyone a white GP chaingun,
Mihoshi a shoulder-mounted beam cannon, Mitsuki a dobergun with harness around her shoulders, J
his favorite pulsar arm cannon, L a series-four deatomizer and a noisy cricket in her hands,  and
K only a standard sidearm and a series-four deatomizer.  K looks at the hardware carried by the
other members of his party and teardrops.}

K:  Don't you think all of that is a bit of overkill?

{L shakes her head seriously.}

L:  I've learned to never underestimate a situation involving the Jurai.

{J nods.}

J:  Amen to that.

{Kiyone raises her free arm to examine the LCD on that forearm.  The display reads "NVO Signature
Detected", "40.00 m" followed by an arrow indicating the direction to her right.  Mitsuki comes
to her side and glances down to the display as well.}

Mitsuki:  So, where's the target?

{Kiyone angles her head up to face the direction of the arrow, finding an office building
standing with seemingly no damage sustained from the energy storms of the previous night.  She
lowers her arm and starts for the structure.}

Kiyone:  The eminations are coming from there.

{Mihoshi and Mitsuki follow their colleague as three MiB notice and join them.  The blonde
detective starts thinking aloud.}

Mihoshi:  What could it be coming from, you think?

Mitsuki:  Probably one of those "spawnship" things from last night crashed here.  I think the six
	of us can deal with that.

{J shrugs his shoulders.}

J:  I don't know.  Could be like those Ryoans that we ran into on Ryua.  That Hotsuma guy did
	pull off stuff similar to last night.

{Mitsuki nods and replies.}

Mitsuki:  That's true, but none of us saw an Ohki ship except for Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki last
	night, and no other ship has been permitted to land until everything settles down.

L:  Even so, didn't you say that both Ryobachi and Hotsuma seemed to have a hand in all this?

{J nods in realization.}

J:  Yeah, it all had to do with his "Lady" or some shit.  There was also that Leon Tae character.

{K speaks smugly.}

K:  That's well and good, but what has any of that got to do with what we're doing here?

{J glares over at K.}

J:  A lot, kid!  If we can figure out how this all got started, we can keep it from happening
	again.

{K stares back with his own anger rising.}

K:  Hey!  I'm no kid!  My agent letter is "K"!

{J scoffs and frowns at the impetuous young man.}

J:  You're not "K" until I say you are, punk!  You're nowhere near who K was!

{Mitsuki yells at them both.}

Mitsuki:  Shut up!  We can figure all this out when this is over, okay?!

{K folds his arms while J just faces forward and continues with the rest of the unit.  Zoom out
to see the roof of the building, where a perfect disc seems cut away in the center, the red hot
edges still glowing and smoking in the moonlight.  Cut to the GP/MiB unit within the building,
each wandering around close to the others.  Those with long, rifle-like firearms have small beams
of light emitting from over the far end of their barrels.  The chamber is cloaked in shadow,
pitch black without the light of the moon and the flashlights on the officers' weapons.  The
sound of the six sets of footsteps reverberates off the concrete walls and floors as they move
slowly through the chamber, finding nothing on the ground or the walls and ceiling.  Kiyone and
Mitsuki dart into the next room, quickly brandishing their weapons to anyone who could be hiding.
Kiyone's eyes grow wide when they focus into the distance, followed by a gasp leaving her lips.
Mitsuki spins around and is also struck by the image she sees.  The others rush in asking the
condition with adrenaline starting to flow.}

J:  What is it?!

{K looks around to find no one in the room barren of furniture or people other than themselves,
nothing to cause concern, but Mihoshi gasps and puts a hand over her mouth at the sight.  J and L
are struck silent while K glances to them, confused.}

K:  What's wrong?  There's no one here.

{Kiyone points up towards the wall.  Following her finger, K sees words written on the wall in a
glowing, piercing crimson fire.  He blinks as he slowly realizes what the words say:  "Knight
Paladin", "Shadow Woman of Light", Light Woman of Shadow", "Bastard of Light and Dark",
"Angelbane duSoleil", and "Negative One".  Next to the first entry, "Tenchi Masaki" is burned
into the wall and possesses a strike through the lettering.  The second has "Ryoko" next to it
without a strike while the third, fifth, and sixth have no scorching next to them.  However, the
fourth has "Nagi" burned to its side.  Kiyone lowers her arm when J speaks up slowly, uneasily.}

J:  No way...!  Hotsuma and Ryobachi called Ryoko and Nagi by those names!!

{Mitsuki collects herself and nods.}

Mitsuki:  Yeah... but how did anyone here know that?  That looks more like a...

{She thinks for a moment before a dark realization enters her expression.}

Mitsuki:  A hitlist...!!

{Mihoshi shakes her head and looks back to the others.}

Mihoshi:  That can't be!  Why would anyone want to kill Tenchi, Ryoko, Nagi, and Mr duSoleil?

{J glances over to Mihoshi.}

J:  Probably has something to do with that "Angel of Fire" thing Ryobachi and Hotsuma were
	talking about.  That's where they got those names for Ryoko and Nagi.

{Kiyone turns to J in question.}

Kiyone:  But, what about Tenchi?  What's his name doing up there?

{L answers for her partner.}

L:  Remember last night, the clothes he was wearing?

{An image of Tenchi in the white gi and hakama from the previous battle floats through all their
minds as L continues.}

L:  He looked like a samurai, a knight of feudal Japan.

{K frowns in frustration.}

K:  What's all that supposed to have to do with our mission?

{Kiyone looks back to her wrist LCD, which now indicates the fire writing on the wall to be the
dark power they were searching for.  Kiyone raises her chaingun to the red glow while it whirs up
to speed.}

Kiyone:  That red energy is what we're after.

{With that, the others follow her aim upon the flaming hitlist when the a source-less glow
consumes the room..  As the aura brightens, symbols appear on all six facets of the room, each a
different combination of color and design:  three eerily shining green diamonds, three green
discs, an emerald double chevron directed downward, a single green diamond with a crimson disc
embedded within, a broadsword pointing downward with two angel's wings sprouting from the hilt
and extending outward, and a white blade and a black blade crossing their tips at a right angle.
The GP and MiB slightly lower their weapons and dart their gazes about the enclosure, taking in
all that is around them.  Each seems to be in a surprised or awed state upon seeing the shining
symbols imprinted into the concrete walls.  They start to ask each other about what is happening
around them when one familiar female voice with an echo of heaven itself silences them all,
Ryoshu-Tokimi's voice.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Six warriors...

{The unit all turn their attention towards Ryoshu-Tokimi's voice which is coming from the same
wall where all the names were written.  Cold sparks down their spines as they see the Ryoan woman
dressed in the unearthly red and black gown phase through the wall into their presence.  The
golden rings around her waist and neck float in silence while the white ribbon from the ruby gem
over her chest billows from some undetectable wind around the woman herself.  Her crimson and
cobalt eyes focus directly on the six before her with a cold, calculating intelligence far beyond
anyone they had known before.  After she completely enters the room, the lettering on the wall
vanish, and the chamber brightens even more as if the glowing aura was coming from her all along.
Kiyone glances down to her tracker and is at a loss to explain why the device now says that the
woman in front of them all is the source of the dark eminations.  Ryoshu-Tokimi looks the group
over and then speaks almost reflectively.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Sister...  if these are your six promised warriors, they appear rather pathetic
	to be of serious concern...

{A superior smile crosses her lips watching the confused reactions from those standing in her
magnificence.  Mitsuki takes a step forward and questions the Ryoan woman in a harsh tone.}

Mitsuki:  Who the hell are you, lady?

{The beautiful woman seems almost intrigued by the officer's demand.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  I assume that Ryoko did not tell any of you about my presence in the previous
	battle.

{The others glance amongst themselves while Ryoshu-Tokimi scoffs and shakes her head.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Of course not.  How could she tell her allies that her own mother was at the
	heart of the enemy you all worked so hard to defeat?

{J blinks and then is taken aback as he now recognizes her face from the painting above the
mantle in the home of Ryoko's family.}

J:  Ryoshu?!  You're supposed to be dead!!

{The Ryoan starts to laugh to herself.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Is that who you think I am?  This only proves the ignorance of the Terran race.
	Indeed, the woman Ryoshu is dead, and this is her body standing before you.  However, my
	name is Tokimi, the goddess of the dark power you classify as NVO.

{L asks astonishedly.}

L:  A goddess...?!  You think that you're a god?!

{Ryoshu-Tokimi simply nods.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  What would you call a being that cannot perish and controls the lifeforce of an
	entire race of sentient creatures?

{She raises her clawed hand, where a ball of black and red energy appears with sparks jumping
between the mass and her gauntlet.  As Mitsuki's eyes watch the dark power in the goddess's hand,
a fire reignites in her eyes.  She raises her dobergun with a hate-filled glare directed at
Ryoshu-Tokimi, her expression growing more and more enraged.}

Mitsuki:  You were behind Kain...!!  You were the real cause for A's death...!!

{The regal Ryoan shoots a mild glare back at Mitsuki, though it can be seen that a deeper anger
lies beneath her facade.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  He was my son...  doing as I instructed him...!!

{Mitsuki's teeth are bared when she steps forward slowly towards Ryoshu-Tokimi, her voice
becoming more passionate with each step.}

Mitsuki:  Your son killed the man I love...  and you should die for his sins...!!

{Kiyone and Mihoshi both look on as Mitsuki becomes increasingly confrontational, and the
goddess's expression also grows irritated with the GP officer's affrontery.  Mihoshi calls out to
Mitsuki.}

Mihoshi:  Mitsuki, don't!!

{Ryoshu-Tokimi gains a slight frown as she grips the energy in her hand to create a black
broadsword, similar to but stronger than Leon's.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Your lover's death was insignificant.  You waste your life seeking his vengeance.

{Mitsuki's rage screams out in her voice as she pulls the trigger of the dobergun, firing an
explosive blast that hits Ryoshu-Tokimi hard in the face.  Smoke billows from the impact, but she
continues to approach the goddess's former location, firing over and over without remorse.
Kiyone and J dash out towards her when they look into the cloud of smoke to see a crimson glow
moving out of the blast area.  Mitsuki stops and ceases fire, aghast to watch the dark goddess
walk out from the impact crater without a scorch or dent in her perfect form.  However, the
Ryoan's face bears a look of distaste at the mortal before her, holding the black blade next to
her at the ready.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Foolish woman...  Be honored to be scarred by my son...  and sent to hell by my
	hand...

{She draws back her sword to strike when Kiyone rushes forward and tackles Mitsuki to the ground.
As they fall, the obsidian sword swings and cuts deeply into Kiyone's uniform, into the flesh of
her left arm.  The two land hard, Kiyone wincing from the bleeding wound.  Mitsuki looks up to
note not only Kiyone over her, but the black sword now coming at them both.  She rolls with her
teal-haired friend to the side as the blade cuts into the shimmering symbol on the floor.  The
two continue to the wall before they stop.  J heaves up his arm cannon and fires at the goddess,
but she only raises her hand when the blast comes close to withstand the impact.  She glances up
to J and shakes her head.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  You will regret your action, Terran.

{Her hand opens, allowing the sword to return to a ball of energy, which she pushes forward
towards J.  He, as well as the three others behind him, duck while the energy flies over them,
through the door, and into the next chamber to explode part of the outer wall, and the entire
building across the street.  J looks back at the damage and curses in surprise.}

J:  Holy shit!!

{L rolls to her feet and fires the cricket, sliding her back several feet along the ground while
the blast flies at Ryoshu-Tokimi.  The red and blue eyes narrow in the bright green light before
she simply slaps the ball to the side with the back of her hand, sending the blast into a corner
of the room, where it demolishes the walls' intersection.  That same violet claw then turns to
the four officers, a red aura surrounding it and a black orb of power forming before the palm.  A
distance away, Kiyone's eyes crack open enough to see the scene between the Ryoan and her
friends.  She grimaces and pushes herself up to her feet.}

Kiyone:  Stop!!

{Everyone turns to look upon the detective, bleeding from her wound and barely holding her
chaingun in a ready position.  Mihoshi's eyes tear at the sight of her close friend so injured as
Kiyone now speaks directly to the dark woman, fear not to be found in her voice.}

Kiyone:  I killed your son, Tokimi!  You deal with me and leave the others out of this!

{Mitsuki looks up and sees the situation as Ryoshu-Tokimi now changes her focus from the others
to the woman who manned the dimensional cannon that murdered her child.  The face of Ryoko's
mother grins slightly.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  I know well the murderer of my only son... Kiyone Makibi...  Destroying you would
	be a pleasure...  Your voluntary sacrifice, however, will only delay the deaths of your
	colleagues...

{The ball of energy flies at Kiyone, and time seems to slow as screams of Kiyone's name come from
Mihoshi and J.  L starts to get to her feet while K is struck by Kiyone's courage to stand for
them all, alone.  Then, a red flash shoots up before Kiyone, and she gasps when the blood
splatters along the ground from the impact.  Silence fills the room as Mitsuki falls into
Kiyone's arms, the life draining from her body.  Mihoshi gets to her feet and screams.}

Mihoshi:  Mitsuki!!

{K runs over to Kiyone's side as she falls down to her knees holding Mitsuki's dying frame.  J
jumps to his feet enraged and fires again at Ryoshu-Tokimi, who turns and blocks the blast with
her hand.  L pulls up her deatomizer and cricket to bear on the dark woman when she notices
Mihoshi staring at the wounded Kiyone passing Mitsuki to K's arms.  L braces herself and fires
each weapon before speaking to Mihoshi.}

L:  Mihoshi!

{Mihoshi's attention turns to L, though only half-heartedly, the rest remaining with her friends.
L quickly explains.}

L:  We need to cover them, okay?  That way we get out of here.

{L turns back to the goddess and fires again alongside J while Mihoshi closes her eyes and nods,
turning her cannon to the enemy as well.  Ryoshu-Tokimi does not raises her hands to block but
stands still as the incoming attacks hit an unseen, spherical force shield before her.  She
smiles to herself and glances upward while the three try to distract her, allowing the Kiyone and
K to carry Mitsuki out.  L yells to Mihoshi and J after Kiyone and K have exited.}

L:  Fall back!  Fall back!!

{The last three turn and leave quickly as Ryoshu-Tokimi's mind calls to those who can hear her
thoughts.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Awaken, my child...

{Far away within the moonlight reflected from the Manhattan Bay, Ayeka sits in proper zarei with
her head bowed forward, the style of her hair casting a shadow over her eyes.  Then, a blood red
light appears in that shadow and grows just as if her eyes were opening.}

Ryoshu-Tokimi:  Return to them and kill the prodigal...  We end this soon... and you will be free
	from the husk you inhabit now...

{Ayeka stands as a vile grin crosses her lips before she stands and turns away before walking
towards the city.  In the celebration at MiB HQ, Nerti suddenly grabs her head and grimaces in
pain as the black Mark of Rage appears down the side of her face.  She falls from her chair at
the table with Washu and Pii, curling into a fetal position with tears of pain rolling down from
her eyes.  Pii jumps down to her side and gently takes her in his arms, trying to soothe her with
his words and also find the source of this torture, concern throughout his expressions and voice.
Washu kneels down with them and starts her own examination while the crowd in the room turn their
attention to Nerti now, even Nagi and Kamidake stop and watch, though separated by the distance
of the dance floor.  Fade to the rear of the black van speeding down the streets of Manhattan
where Mitsuki lays across the bed of the vehicle, her head supported by Kiyone's knees.  The hole
in Mitsuki's chest extends a minimum of ten centimeters across her left side.  The LCD on
Mitsuki's jacket displays her weak heartbeat with a red "WARNING" flashing just above the graph.
Kiyone looks down at her fallen comrade, not caring about the flow of blood down her arm.  The
display on Kiyone's jacket has a "CRITICAL" message flashing with details of her blood pressure
and loss from her injury.  L kneels at their side, helpless to stop what has been set in motion.
Mihoshi stands at Mitsuki's feet, looking down upon her with warm tears of sadness crossing her
cheeks.  J is behind her watching in solemn silence the woman he was arguing moments before.
Mitsuki's eyes open weakly and look up to Kiyone's teary blue eyes hidden behind the red visor.
She raises her real hand slowly, which Kiyone takes in her own, making Mitsuki smile gently and
without hatred.}

Mitsuki:  Don't cry...  I was on borrowed time anyway...
	
{Kiyone grits her teeth together to hold back her sobs when she shakes her head.}

Kiyone:  No...  you weren't...!  Mitsuki... don't die...!!

{Mitsuki takes a painful breath and shakes her head.}

Mitsuki:  It's time I went to see him...  Tell Mihoshi to love her husband and never let him
	go... ever...

{Mihoshi falls to her knees and starts to sob hard while Kiyone shakes her head again, her voice
starting to crack with the emotional stress.}

Kiyone:  You tell her that yourself...!!

{Mitsuki smiles weakly before she grimaces with a wave of pain through her body, and the graph of
her heartbeat flattens with a piercing constant tone.  Her lips open again slightly, allowing the
last living breath to escape her body into the air.  Kiyone shuts her eyes tightly and clamps her
jaw shut tightly as she lays Mitsuki's hand back on the woman's own chest as Mihoshi's cries echo
through the metal hull of the van.  J turns away, cursing himself under his breath while L
glances back to him and then down to the floor in silence.  In the cab, K drives down the road,
blinking stray saline from his eyes on the path to MiB HQ.}

End Scene 3

End Act 6

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dedication:

	Act 6 is dedicated to those who lost their lives and their loved ones on 9/11/01.  Just as
Kiyone and Mihoshi lost Mitsuki in the battle here in Scene 3, many more lost loved ones in a
more indescriminate manner as they watch the Twin Towers fall in the newscasts.  The world lost
many good people on that day, as the cast lost a valued partner.  However, I do hold to the
belief that they are apart from that pain now as Mitsuki is now that she gets to see her love
after his death in TM!iL.

	I chose to include the World Trade Center in this fiction not only because of location,
Manhattan Island, but also to add an air that all was not lost yet.  Pictured in Scene 3, the
towers still stand while the GP and MiB roll to face Tokimi once more, showing that all is not
lost nor destroyed.  Even after 9/11/01, all is not lost, nor is it for those in the story.