Dark Energy Trilogy
By William Benjamin Grilliette (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

All material of or relating to *Tenchi Muyo!* are copyrighted by Pioneer LD and AIC.
All material of or relating to *Men in Black* are copyrighted by Marvel/Malibu Comics and Columbia/Tristar Pictures.
All material of or relating to "Evil Pii" or "Nerti Ro" is property of William Benjamin Grilliette.
All material of or relating to "Angelbane duSoleil", "Cassandra duSoleil", or "Katiara duSoleil" is property of Jeffrey Williams.
More information about cast, plot, and story is available at http://evilpii.dorm4.org/.

Part 3:  Tenchi Muyo! / Men in Black: Inheritance
By William Benjamin Grilliette  (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Act 2

Scene 1

{In a darkened alley surrounded by the metal walls of the buildings around them, a troop of GP
officers in combat armor are crouched while their commander stands looking around a corner,
directly at the Horsehead Hotel.  He pulls down a well-worn visor and adjusts the controls on the
side of the device.  He focuses on one room near the top floor, the visor showing the area's
infrared emissions in shades of red.  Two human forms move about in the room, one stands next to
the bed while another walks to the window and gazes out towards the heavens.  The commander lifts
his visor and looks with his naked eye at a blonde woman wearing white armor on a red bodysuit
staring longingly at the stars, Nerti Ro.  He turns back to his men and nods to them all.}

Commander:  She's up there.  Her accomplice is too.  Now, I want a clean dispersal and no
	shooting unless necessary.  Understand?

{The squad nods in unison as they hold their weapons at the ready before they all turn to the
hotel and spread around it, entering from several different entrances.  Pan up to Nerti looking
at the stars when she sighs and closes her eyes with tear rolling down her cheek.}

Nerti:  I just... can't remember...  none of it...

{She turns to face the room while starting to sob.}

Nerti:  For the past five months, you've tried to show me my past, but...!

{Arms cloaked in blue with red armor wrap around her, gently pulling her closer to the person
they are a part of.  Nerti's head rests on his chest while his voice speaks to her with a sadness
approaching her own, Pii's voice.}

Pii:  I'm sorry about all this...

{Nerti's arms slowly encircle him and hold him close while she answers him.}

Nerti:  I do remember a feeling...  one I have any time I'm around you...

{His face, unmasked bearing only the black kevlar remnant on his face, looks down towards her
while she gazes back into his eyes.  Though filled with tears, her eyes exude a happiness that he
has not seen in those feline, grey eyes in years.  The self-hatred in his face melts away to
reflect a similar feeling that she now shows him.  The door smashes open while yelling comes from
where the door had once been.  Numerous male voices yell out "Get down!", "On the ground now!",
"Away from the window!", and other such phrases ordering both Pii and Nerti to surrender
themselves.  Pii and Nerti both turn to the paramilitary group in shock and surprise.  Pii glares
at the group and moves Nerti closer to the window while he slips his cap on his head, and his
visor folds down over his eyes.  His concern for the young woman behind him is obvious in his
voice.}

Pii:  Get behind me, Nerti.

{The commander of the troop calls to them.}

Commander:  Nerti Ro!  Both you and your accomplice are under arrest for crimes perpetrated from
	August 1995 to this moment!  Disarm and come peacefully!

Pii:  I am Will Pii, bounty hunter 4401.  I have custody of this criminal.

Commander:  BH 4401, your license has been revoked since April!  You have no claim!  Disarm and
	surrender!

{Pii scowls and yells at the entire group in rage.}

Pii:  I will not!!

{Pii swiftly presses a key on his gauntlet and performs a shoulder thrust through the wall.  As
he passes, he grabs Nerti and pulls her with him to fall from the building towards the
unyielding pavement below.  Nerti screams in the descent when Pii's Pentinon Z10 fighter, Caroki,
flies under them, catching them on its back.  Their feet hit the metal hull hard, but quickly
hold fast by magnetic attraction.  While they crouch over the cockpit of the ship, Pii curses
himself as they flee.}

Pii:  Dammit!  I should've been more careful!

{Nerti looks at him sadly when her eyes suddenly widen in pain.  She grabs her left arm tightly
before she releases the pressure slowly to see a deep laser gaze, her blood rolling down her arm.
As her grey eyes gaze deep into the crimson gently flowing over the rose color of her uniform,
her irises flash red when she glares over her shoulder to see several GP units in pursuit of the
small fighter.  Pii hears the shot and looks over at her arm with concern.}

Pii:  Nerti...

{His eyes move up to her face and see her eyes start to glaze over and a black mark slowly grow
along her face, forming a black Mark of Rage similar to the Jurai in combat.  Pii gasps as he
looks back to the GP behind them.}

Pii:  Nerti...!  Don't!

{A metallic slide is heard when the pole of Nerti's scythe shoots out before his visor and gleams
with the ambient light of the cityscape.  Nerti stands and sets herself to attack those following
the ship when Pii jumps before her with his arms open and his expressions worried.}

Pii:  Nerti!  Snap out of it!  Don't do this again!

{She growls and swipes at him while he quickly steps back and draws his sword.}

Pii:  Wake up, Nerti!

{She dashes at him and swipes at him only to clash with his sword each time while he tries to
reawaken her consciousness.}

Pii:  Nerti...!  Stop please...!  You know this isn't you...!!

{Through the blows, a GP officer at the controls of his fighter views the fight and locks his
targetting reticle on Pii's left forearm.}

Officer:  That's the control device Commander told us about, the one for all his weapons...!  I
	got you!!

{The commander comes over the comlink to that officer.}

Commander:  Do not fire!  We need them alive!!

{The officer is startled and depresses the trigger.  From the weapon array of the ship, a shot
fires and smashes the control set on Pii's left arm, as well as causing injury and pain to the
youth himself.  When he reacts, Nerti swipes her blade deep into his right knee, causing him to
fall consumed by the injuries.  With his blood dripping from her scythe, she raises it and
prepares to swing through his torso lying on the ships hull.  However, her hands start to tremble
while her eyes finally begin to take in the pain she has caused.  Tears roll down her face as the
red in her eyes fades back to grey followed by her knees hitting the metal below her.}

Nerti:  Oh God... What've I done...?!

{She wraps her arms around him tightly starting to cry.}

Nerti:  I'm sorry, Will...!  I didn't mean...!!

{His right arm pulls around her while his quiet voice enters her ear.}

Pii:  I know...  It'll be alright...

{Nerti looks down at his face sorrowfully when she puts her hand over the mark on her face, as
though it were causing her great pain.  Within her mind, two women's voices intertwine to become
a continual static, not allowing her to hear herself.  One voice is recognizable as Jezibel
Kimitan's while the other is beautiful and melodious, but also commanding.}

Jezibel:  Kill him, Ro...!  Kill them all...!

Woman:  For my glory, girl, do what you are told...

Jezibel:  I will destroy your mind several times over to have you experience death until you do
	as I tell you...!

Woman:  You are mine...  You cannot change this fact...

{Nerti speaks aloud, calling to the unseen speakers.}

Nerti:  Leave me alone!  Shut up!  Just leave me alone!  Please!!

{A black spark shoots from the mark on her face across her eyes, dispelling her consciousness
while the mark vanishes.  She falls next to Pii.  He forces himself to his knees, his arm and leg
bleeding as he wraps his right arm around her waist and lifts gently.  He steps slowly off the
cockpit to the bow while the cockpit opens.  Carefully, he lowers her into a seat and straps the
girl safely to the ship.  After Nerti is taken care of, he himself almost literally falls into
the pilot's chair before he straps his own safety equipment around his body.  The cockpit seals
and creates a head's up display (HUD) with a foreward reticle.  Pii looks up weakly as he
speaks.}

Pii:  Cloak on...  Search for a patrolship...

{With that, Pii's visor raises, and his eyes fall upon the lovely woman in the seat next to him.
He places his hand over hers and gazes upon her sleeping face with a sad smile as Nerti's voice
enters his mind from his memories.}

Nerti:  I just like your company, Will...  I've been around you most of my life.  I... can't
	really see my life without you around...

{Nerti's vocal melody of emotion fades away before Pii closes his eyes and grips Nerti's hand
tighter.}

Pii:  I can't see mine without you either...

{A tear appears at the edge of his eye and rolls down the side of his face.}

Pii:  It took three years... but you're right...

{Outside the fighter, the GP troop following them lose the now invisible ship quickly, searching
their immediate area for their prey.  A short distance away, a GP patrolship flies through the
blackness of space.  The unseen Caroki approaches and attaches itself to the larger ship's hull
through a magnetic base.}

End Scene 1

Scene 2

{On the bridge of a GP patrolship, a beeping tone fills the air when a flesh and a metal hand
both dance around the keypads surrounding the pilot.  Her red hair surrounds her face, contrasted
by the deep crimson scar across the left side of her face.  Mitsuki glances down to the keys as
she speaks.}

Mitsuki:  This is liaison officer Mitsuki Matsu, requesting permission to dock, MiB HQ.

{A male voice with minimal static replies to her.}

Man:  Acknowledged, Officer Matsu.  Zed requests your immediate presence once you complete
	docking.

{Mitsuki sighs heavily and nods.}

Mitsuki:  Alright, fine.  Tell him I'll be there.

{Mitsuki folds her arms and speaks under her breath.}

Mitsuki:  Wonder what he wants know...

{The man's voice calls to her again.}

Man:  I don't know, ma'am.  I just have to get you down.

{Mitsuki yells back to him, irate.}

Mitsuki:  I didn't ask you!!

{Fade to the patrolship flying into Earth's atmosphere.  The dusk sun ripples the horizon as the
ship appears as a large shadow, approaching the ground just outside the city of Manhattan.  The
ground opens, revealing the MiB hangar into which the ship swiftly floats.  Within, other small
spacecraft are docked with passengers boarding seeming prepared to leave.  On the patrolship's
bridge, Mitsuki watches the extraterrestrial exodus curiously.}

Mitsuki:  They're all leaving...?

{Around the aliens boarding the ships, several MiB agents are urging them onto the ships.  A few
aliens look back at the agents and seem to ask questions while the agents only motion for them to
continue towards the ships.  Mitsuki glares.}

Mitsuki:  What the hell is that Zed thinking now...?

{Outside, Mitsuki's ship completes its docking sequence when alarms start to sound around that
particular bay.  Armed agents surround the ship while the hatch opens, allowing Mitsuki to come
out looking at all the agents aiming their weapons at her.}

Mitsuki:  Hey?!  What's with you?!

{One young agent holsters his weapon and goes to Mitsuki with a serious demeanor.}

Agent:  You have any contraband on your ship, officer?

Mitsuki:  Nothing out of Galaxy Police regulations.  What's all this about?

Agent:  We detected two other presences on your ship, as well as what seems to be a cache of
	weapons close to them.

Mitsuki:  Where?

{The agent nods towards the rear hull of the ship.}

Agent:  Rear of your ship, near the dorsal engine vents.

{A couple agents come from the ceiling on cables, landing on the upper hull of Mitsuki's
patrolship.  One lands specifically on a metallic surface, but appears to be two meters from the
hull of the ship.  Under him, the air shimmers as Caroki's cloak deactivates, revealing the small
fighter.  The agent walks down on the bow of the ship while the others cover the cockpit as the
fighter reveals its piloting chairs.  Pii and Nerti both lay in the respective seats, unconscious
and bleeding from their wounds.  The agent takes a step back and indicates for the lead agent to
come up.  The lead agent climbs up and is also struck by the occupants.  Mitsuki glares up to the
lead agent.}

Mitsuki:  What's got you spooked?

{The agent nods to his compatriots with a few words.}

Agent:  Get Q and S down here and take them to the med ward.

{The other agents reel themselves back up their lines while the leader climbs back down the
patrolship's exterior, headed for Mitsuki.  She walks towards him already beginning her
questioning.}

Mitsuki:  So, who's up there?  That's a Pentinon fighter.  I haven't seen one of those in almost
	two years.

{The agent avoids Mitsuki's questioning and marches forwards towards the doorway back into the
main complex.}

Agent:  I've never seen them before.  Nothing as serious as what Zed needs to talk to you about
	though..

{Mitsuki grabs his shoulder with her metal hand and spins him around to face her angry visage.}

Mitsuki:  Look, MiB!  Your lame attempt to avoid me isn't going to work so just drop the act
	already!

{The agent only glares back into Mitsuki's eyes while his voice tone, though it raises, remains
civil.}

Agent:  Look, GP.  I don't know what Zed wants you for, let alone who they are.  I just know that
	we are to render service to all those in need, to protect and to serve.  It's a cliched
	motto, but it's the truth.

{Mitsuki releases him and examines the youth slowly.}

Mitsuki:  You're new, and pretty young.

Agent:  Doesn't matter.  Zed needs to see you, and that's what I need to make happen.

{Mitsuki puts her hands on her hips looking at the young man.}

Mitsuki:  Zealous little boy, aren't you?

{Before the agent can reply, the PA system within the hangar sounds loudly while the outer doors
remain open.}

PA:  All outgoing ships, exit patterns have been locked until the patrolship Yagami has completed
	its docking cycle.  Repeat.  All outgoing ships...

{The message repeats while Mitsuki looks up through the hole to see the red patrolship Yagami
float down through the gateway and slowly head towards a dock.  Mitsuki glares at the young agent
once more before walking for Yagami.}

Mitsuki:  Kiyone'd know more than Zed about this.

{Mitsuki storms towards Yagami as it finishes its docking cycle, whereupon all the other waiting
ships restart their departure protocols.  Yagami's docking tube connects to a doorway next to the
dock.  Both the outer and inner doors open allowing the occupants to exit the ship:  Tenchi,
Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Washu, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Ryo-Ohki, Nobuyuki, Yosho, J, and L.  As Nobuyuki
steps out, he looks at the environs and becomes almost instantly awed by the grandeur of the
place.  Ryo-Ohki hops onto Sasami's shoulder, making Sasami look over to the cabbit with a
playful smile.  Washu stands next to Sasami deep in thought while Yosho also seems to have
serious ideas within his expression.  Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka stand together, each expressing
their concern in their own way:  Tenchi in his silence, Ryoko by her body language, and Ayeka
also full of contemplation.  J and L both step forward from the gate with and air of duty as they
take the lead of the group.  Kiyone and Mihoshi are close behind them with a similar feel about
them when Mitsuki reaches them.  The entire group stops with her while she goes directly to
Kiyone, who is pleased to see her old friend.}

Kiyone:  Mitsuki!  I see you're in on this too.

Mitsuki:  {Shakes her head.}  No, actually.  I thought you might fill in what's going on, Kiyone.

{Kiyone loses her pleased expression for a more serious one.}

Kiyone:  A mass of NVO energy broke through Jurai's defense perimeter and is heading towards this
	planet.

{Mitsuki now is struck with the realization that her old friend has given her.}

Mitsuki:  You're joking...!

{Washu speaks up while shaking her head in the negative.}

Washu:  I wish she was.  J and L came to Japan to give us the news.

Kiyone:  That's why we're all here, to meet with Zed.

{Mitsuki puts her hands on her hips.}

Mitsuki:  Why did I get this message from GP headquarters?  Something like this would be first
	priority.

{Yosho voices the answer.}

Yosho:  Because the Galaxy Police probably don't know.

{Mitsuki turns to Yosho in confusion when Ayeka continues with the explanation.}

Ayeka:  The energy bored a hole through the Jurai defensive perimeter.  If that information
	leaked out before its repair, Jurai could face a possible invasion by a military force.
	Also, a planet of dark energy would cause a scare throughout the Empire.  That is why the
	Emperor did not release this information.

{Mitsuki glances to Ayeka and then ultimately the entire group to see that this is no game.  She
looks back to Kiyone.}

Mitsuki:  Do you have a plan?

Kiyone:  {Nods.}  Yes, but we need their help here to pull it off.

{Tenchi looks over to Ryoko who nods back before he walks over to Kiyone and Mitsuki.}

Tenchi:  Mitsuki, we could use your help just as much as anyone.

{Mitsuki glances over to Tenchi and sees his brown eyes filled with a strange understanding.}

Tenchi:  We know that you have as much to do with this dark power as any of us.

{Mitsuki glances down at her mechanical arm when Kiyone places her hand gently on Mitsuki's
shoulder causing her to look up to her classmate.}

Kiyone:  This might be the chance you've always wanted to get revenge for A, but this time, we're
	with you, partner.

{Mihoshi chimes in quietly and kindly.}

Mihoshi:  Yeah, Mitsuki.  We'd do better with you around.  You know a little more about it than
	we do.  Plus, you're valedictorian of our class!

{Kiyone nods to Mitsuki while Mitsuki closes her eyes in thought.  After a moment, she reopens
her eyes to the others and nods.}

Mitsuki:  I'll do it.  What's the plan?

{Mitsuki looks back to Washu as Washu walks up to them.}

Washu:  Let's get with the old man and get the specifics down, shall we?

{Mitsuki, along with Tenchi, Kiyone, and Mihoshi, all nod as the group now turns to the lead
agent who stands tapping his foot.}

Agent:  Okay...  Can we head on to Zed's now?

{Cut to Zed's office where he sits brooding behind piles of departure requests with his monitors
flickering behind him.  Tenchi and the rest of the Masaki household, heavy Mitsuki and the lead
agent, enter the door and stand before him.  He looks up pleased.}

Zed:  I see you all made it.  {To the lead agent.}  You can go, K.

{J is caught off guard by K's name as the youth salutes and exits.  After he does, J looks at Zed
while Zed only nods.}

Zed:  I know, J.  That youngster was the highest in his class at Westpoint.  He's a good kid. 
	Kevin'd be proud.

J:  {Nods.}  I bet.

{Mitsuki calls out insubordinately to Zed.}

Mitsuki:  I'm sorry to interrupt this personal bonding conversation, but I'd like to know about
	how you intend to stop this thing, Zed!

{Zed glares back at Mitsuki.}

Zed:  If I knew that, why would I send for Dr Hakubi, Officer Matsu?

{Washu just smirks as she approaches Zed's desk.}

Washu:  We have a plan in the works already.  However, I need some more data to do the job.

Zed:  And, what's that, Washu?

{Washu turns to Tenchi and Ayeka with outstretched hands.}

Washu:  Hand 'em over.

{Tenchi and Ayeka are both confused at the request while Washu just nods and indicates with her
fingers to put something in her hands.}

Washu:  Your Keys.  I want to examine them both to see what qualities they have so I can build a
	detector for the Light Hawk Sword.

{Tenchi nods and pulls out Tenchiken while Ayeka pulls back some.}

Tenchi:  Good idea, Washu.  Please take good care of it.

Washu:  {Nods.}  No problem.

{Tenchi gently places the hilt in Washu's hand while the hilt itself shines a subtle blue for a
moment as it leaves Tenchi's grip.  Washu then turns to Ayeka and notices Ayeka's apprehension.
Tenchi also rotates to see Ayeka's expression.  He smiles some and puts his hand on her shoulder,
startling her some.  Ayeka looks into Tenchi's caring brown eyes while he speaks to her.}

Tenchi:  Ayeka, I know it's hard to let it go.  It's like a part of you, right?

{Ayeka silently nods.  Tenchi looks over to his sword in Washu's hand quietly.}

Tenchi:  That sword was Grandpa's, Mom's, and now mine.  It goes back to the royal line just as
	much as yours does, Ayeka.

{He pauses while she looks down at the sword as well.  He then looks back to her and she to him.}

Tenchi:  But, I know that I'm not the one to hold it right now.  The sword seems to know that
	because, otherwise, it would have hurt Washu, right?

{Ayeka nods.}

Tenchi:  I'm not asking for a commitment, Ayeka.  Please just let Washu examine your tiara so we
	can find my sword's sister Key.  That's all.

{Ayeka glances to Sasami who is watching her movements closely with hopeful eyes.  Ayeka then
just closes her eyes and reaches to her tiara, gently pulling it away from her forehead.  The
tails of hair before her ears partially merge with the hair behind her head, giving her an over
all less restricted look.  As Ayeka lays the Key in Washu's hand, it flashes a subtle pink before
falling silent in the scientist's hand.  Ayeka sighs when Tenchi smiles towards her.}

Tenchi:  Thank you, Ayeka.

Washu:  I promise I'll have these back when I'm done.  You'll probably need them before this is
	over.

Tenchi:  I have no doubt of that, Washu.

{Kiyone steps forward to Zed and speaks now.}

Kiyone:  Also, I'd like to also request all the data this organization has, as well as all GP
	records, regarding Kain's capture in 1896.

Zed:  What makes you think that we have any information on Kain that you didn't?

{Kiyone smiles a little to herself.}

Kiyone:  Because I remember a couple guys in bad black suits after Kain was defeated in 1970's
	Tokyo.  Besides, you have higher access to GP records so you can get more information from
	the actual first incident than any of us, save Washu, could.

{Zed grudgingly nods in agreement.}

Zed:  Fine, Kiyone.  I'll get my men on it right away.  {Sighs.}  Anything else?

Washu:  Oh yeah!  Get your R&D team together.  I need them to assemble and distribute the energy
	collectors for our backup weapon.

Zed:  {Confused.}  Come again...?

Washu:  I have the plans ready for a weapon to help against the enemy.  I just need your group to
	distribute the collectors in Japan while I research the Keys and help with the search.

Zed:  {Growls some.}  Alright, aright.  I get the point.  So, what's your plan already?  What is
	this Light Hawk?

{Yosho explains to Zed in his clear and commanding voice.}

Yosho:  The Light Hawk Sword is the weapon the Jurai Emperor used to seal Kain away over 100
	years ago.  As such, it could be useful in defeating a mass of NVO energy, including the
	one headed this way.

Zed:  And, where would you find this sword?  I doubt anywhere on Earth.

Yosho:  {Shakes his head.}  No, of course not.  Tenchi and Ayeka have the only Keys on Earth.
	However, here is not where we're going to look.

{Zed gets more frustrated with Yosho's words.}

Zed:  Then where, Lord Yosho?  You don't have the time to reach Jurai from here!

Washu:  {Smiles.}  Doesn't he?  You forgot, didn't you, old man?

{Zed glares while Washu laughs at his ignorance.}

Washu:  If you recall the Reunion incident, I upgraded Yagami's engines with a dimensional drive
	of my design.  Jurai's nothing but one day's travel in another universe!

Zed:  But, what if the sword isn't there?  After all, you'd think the Jurai would have that sword
	in a museum if it were on the planet.

Yosho:  All worlds have their secrets, even Jurai.

{Ryoko speaks up seriously.}

Ryoko:  Yeah, that's true, but what about Ryua, my homeworld?

{Everyone turns to Ryoko when Sasami nods and agrees.}

Sasami:  That's right.  Nagi's Key was on Ryua, not Jurai!

Ryoko:  I say we check Ryua too.  It's the only place other than Jurai and Earth that's had a Key
	found on it.  Besides, given its situation, it might be the most likely place to hide a
	weapon that strong.

{Washu nods seriously.}

Washu:  That's true.  We'll have to use another ship.  I can upgrade another with no problem.

Mitsuki:  What about mine?  It's similar to Kiyone's so you don't have to modify the design much.

Washu:  {Nods to Mitsuki.}  Good idea.  Gives me more time with these Keys, especially with that
	help.  Thanks, Zed.  {Winks.}

{Zed's eye starts to twitch while Nobuyuki scratches his head.}

Nobuyuki:  But, we can't search both, can we?

{Ayeka looks up and speaks from her knowledge.}

Ayeka:  Yes, we can.

{Her red eyes move around the room, and she nods to the group.}

Ayeka:  We can split into two groups, one per ship.  Each can search a world and return with the
	results.  I will lead the Jurai team.  {To Kiyone.}  Kiyone, I would like you to accompany
	me with your Yagami.  You are familiar with Jurai's etiquette, and Yagami is well known to
	Jurai's forces.  It should have no problems.

{Kiyone nods while Ayeka turns to Yosho.}

Ayeka:  Grandfather, though you do not like to admit it, you have much pull with the ruling
	authorities in the Holy Council.

{Yosho merely nods.}

Yosho:  I understand.

{Sasami comes over to Ayeka's side and looks up to her sister.}

Sasami:  I'm coming with you, Ayeka.

{Ayeka looks back to Sasami with her sisterly concern now taking precident.}

Ayeka:  No, I think you should stay behind.

Sasami:  {Shakes her head.}  No, Ayeka.  I don't want anything happening to you so I'm going too!

{Ayeka sighs when L steps forward and puts her hand on Sasami's shoulder.}

L:  I'll look after her, Princess.

{Ayeka looks over to L's sincerity and friendship to her two former patients.  Ayeka bows
slightly to L in gratitude.}

Ayeka:  I thank you, agent L.  I am honored.

{L shakes her head.}

L:  No, it's my honor.  I'd love to see your world.

{Sasami spins around and hugs L, making L smile some.}

Sasami:  You'll love it!

L:  I'm sure I will, Sasami.

{Ryoko looks around the room.}

Ryoko:  Then I'll lead the Ryua mission.  It's my world, after all.  I'll know the most about it.
	{Looks to Mitsuki.}  Looks like we'll be taking your ship.

Mitsuki:  {Mild glare at Ryoko.}  As long as it doesn't get trashed like Yagami did during that
	whole coup thing.

{Ryoko gains a wry expression with a teardrop while Washu steps forward.}

Washu:  I guess I'll go there too.  Haven't been home in 700 years.  Might as well see if it's
	changed any.

{Ryo-Ohki hops onto Ryoko's shoulder and meows with a nod.  Ryoko smiles to her little partner.}

Ryoko:  Yeah, I thought so.

{Ryoko looks over to J with a confident smile.}

Ryoko:  Hey, J.  Want to ride shotgun?

{J smiles and scoffs some.}

J:  Yeah, sounds like fun, you old pirate.

{Ryoko glares some at J as he just smiles widely.  Tenchi steps forward towards Ryoko with his
courage showing.}

Tenchi:  I'll go with you to Ryua, Ryoko.  You've said its dangerous there...

{Ryoko turns to Tenchi with a serious look on her face.}

Ryoko:  I know.  That's why you're not going, Tenchi.

{Tenchi is taken aback, as is most of the cast.}

Ryoko:  Tenchi, you need to conserve all your strength to wield that sword.

{Ryoko's gold eyes look deep into Tenchi's brown eyes as he does the same to hers.  Ryoko
continues.}

Ryoko:  Ryua is not a place for you or any Juraian, Tenchi.  Oniko grew up there, and remember
	how strong he was.  This is not a place for someone trying to save himself or anyone
	inexperienced.  I don't know what to expect there, and I won't let y...  {Stops herself.}
	I won't let anyone who isn't prepared go.

{Tenchi closes his eyes and nods silently.  Mitsuki and J both look at Ryoko with the same
question.}

Mitsuki & J:  What about us?

{Ryoko just shakes her head and turns her back from them all.}

Ryoko:  Just forget it.

{Tenchi speaks up causing her to open her eyes.}

Tenchi:  I won't go, Ryoko.

{Ryoko looks back to see Tenchi looking up to her kindly.}

Tenchi:  If it'll make you feel better, I won't.

{Ryoko smiles to herself.}

Ryoko:  Thank you...

{She teleports away when Tenchi smiles some as he speaks to himself.}

Tenchi:  No problem...

{Nobuyuki yawns and looks around to the others, more or less tired also.}

Nobuyuki:  Is there a place for us to rest?  We have some serious jet lag...

Zed:  {Nods.}  Yes, we have some rooms prepared already.  I'll have K take you to your quarters.

{Mihoshi kneels down to Sasami and hugs her while Sasami hugs back.}

Mihoshi:  You be careful, okay Sasami?

Sasami:  {Nods.}  I will, Mihoshi.  You don't get into trouble, okay?

Mihoshi:  {Nods.}  I promise.

{Sasami and Mihoshi put their pinky fingers together and swear to that oath when J goes to Zed's
side and speaks to him.  Everyone else starts to either think about the coming incident or
conversing with their friends, awaiting K's return.}

J:  Zed, I also would like to request something here.

{Zed sighs hard and semi-glares at his subordinate.}

Zed:  What is it, J?

J:  You remember those saucers at the old World's Fair, right?

Zed:  {Nods.}  Yes, go on.

J:  Could that last one be retrofitted for combat while we're all gone?

Zed:  I don't know, J.  We're spread thin already.

J:  Look, Zed.  We'll need all the firepower we can get, right?  I'd like it if you could spare
	a couple guys to fix it up for me to fight with the others.

Zed:  J, you can't even pilot a ship!  Why're you even asking?!

J:  {Smiles to himself.}  I have my reasons.  Do I have a "yes"?

{Zed takes a deep breath and sighs hard.}

Zed:  Fine, I'll see what I can do.

J:  Gravy.  I'll get Mitsy to show me her ship's controls while we're out.  Shouldn't be too bad.

Zed:  Don't be so sure, kid.

{J glares back at Zed as all fades to black.}

End Scene 2

Scene 3

{The royal teardrops bloom throughout a field on Jurai as the wind gently sways them gently.  In
the distance, trees stand tall with their branches in sync with the sway of the flowers.  The
Jurai Palace stands firm in the background when one person walks out into this field with her
kimono brushing against the flowers, leaving their scent on her.  Pan up to see Ayeka walking
away from the Jurai Palace and looking around the area as through passively searching for
someone.  Her hair flows together since her tiara is no longer on her forehead, segregating her
locks.  The wind is the only sound heard until Ayeka calls out.}

Ayeka:  Tenchi?  Tenchi, are you here?

{An answer comes from her left, but it is not Tenchi's voice, but one much older and less
friendly.}

Man:  No, he is not here, Princess, but I am.

{Startled by this voice, Ayeka spins to face its direction to see Kagato of Jurai walk out.  He
is in his purple robes with his black Mark of Rage spanning the right side of his face and his
red and black sword flaring from the grey Key in his hand.  Ayeka's expression exudes her fear as
she takes a few steps away from him.  Kagato just smiles to himself.}

Kagato:  What are you afraid of Ayeka?

{Kagato continues to approach her while she freezes, transfixed in his gaze.}

Kagato:  Is it me?  Am I what you fear?

{Kagato reaches her, but only passes her position.  Ayeka's heart races when he stops and
whispers in her ear.}

Kagato:  No, it is not me.

{Kagato fades away when a female voice originates from behind Ayeka.}

Female:  Is it me?

{Ayeka gasps and spins around to see a small girl, ashen white with coal black eyes and hair,
Seia.  She approaches Ayeka, shaking her head.}

Seia:  No, not me either.

{As she approaches Ayeka, she changes forms into a monochrome version of Ryoko, but again she
only shakes her head.}

Ryoko-Seia:  No, even in the form of your archrival.

{Ryoko-Seia's clothes lose all their color, becoming completely black while her eyes become
hollow shadows.  Black Marks of Rage darken both sides of her face while her voice gains a male
echo.  The demon Ryoan form of Seia approaches Ayeka, who stands watching the abomination walk
towards her.  Ayeka's eyes continually recall each form of Seia, but now the fear within those
eyes reaches a peak.  Seia nods with a smile.}

Seia:  That is it.  You fear what she could be, the result of the darkness you also bear.

{Seia stops five meters from Ayeka.}

Seia:  Deep in that heart of yours, Princess Ayeka of Jurai, you know what the Ryoan and Juraian
	races are.  You know what will happen to your precious Tenchi when Ryoko turns to us.  Do
	you not?  Or, if you do...

{Ayeka's eyes widen in realization while Seia vanishes with a few words.}

Seia:  Our Lady is coming...

{Ayeka reaches for her to catch nothing but air.  All around her, the field she is standing in
catches fire and blazes.  She looks around herself aghast to see the Jurai trees burning, even
the Palace itself is engulfed in flames.  The heat surrounds her while the smoke enters her
lungs.  She coughs trying to clear the fumes only to allow more inside.  Ayeka forces her eyes
open against the particles causing tears to form, clouding her sight.  She sees in the distance
a woman in a brown and red battle uniform with a great red gem over her chest.  A white, flowing
ribbon attached to the gem encircles her while her spiked brown hair falls into a ponytail behind
her.  On her forehead is a golden disk with four gold streamers flying back over her head.  Her
hand, cloaked in clawed purple gloves, reaches to Ayeka as though to pull her out.  Ayeka cannot
see the woman's face, but her eyes gleam a deep crimson with corneas of azure.  Ayeka reaches for
her hand and grabs on tight to only feel pain ripple through her body.  Ayeka's eyes flash a grey
when the woman before her speaks.}

Woman:  Bring my body to me, Ayeka of Jurai...  Do what your predecessor could not...

{Ayeka closes her eyes and reopened them to see the woman's face has changed to Nerti's.  Now,
Ayeka can see her eyes, red irises with blue corneas, focused into her own with an evil intent.}

Nerti:  You know what you must do, Ayeka...  Do it...

{Nerti pulls Ayeka from the fire and then throws her towards the burning Jurai Palace.  Ayeka
screams as she rockets for the former capitol.  She spreads her hands like she would to create a
field around herself, but nothing appears to protect her.  She looks at her hands pleadingly, but
the Jurai Power has left her.}

Ayeka:  What is this?!  This cannot be possible!!

{Ayeka's eyes open with a gasp staring at the ceiling while tearstreaks cross her face.  Her
heart is beating almost out of her chest, and her breathing is labored as she sits up and looks
at the MiB quarters around her.  She sits in bed covered by her night robes and the sheets of the
bed with her tiara missing from her head, alone.  She takes a few deep breaths, calming herself.}

Ayeka:  A nightmare...  That is all...

{She places her hand on her forehead and sighs slowly while the scene fades to the door outside
the room, which slides open.  Ayeka steps out in full dress, walking quietly down the corridor.
She passes a few agents on their night watch, but no words pass between any of them.  Ayeka stops
outside the medward when she hears a slight whisper of her own voice on the air currents.}

Mock Ayeka:  In here...

{Ayeka opens the door and finds two older MiB agents, Q and S, busily running tests on fluids
from their two patients, Pii and Nerti.  Pii's left arm and right leg are both in casts with the
armor that was around them lying on the floor next to his bed.  Nerti has some stitches in her
arm, but nothing so major, save some restraining straps on her arms and legs.  Ayeka feels a
spark of pain through her heart when her eyes fall on Nerti's form while her own voice calls to
her in her mind.}

Mock Ayeka:  There she is...!  Do your job...!

{L's voice comes from nearby Ayeka, bringing her from this painful state.}

L:  Is there something wrong, Princess?

{Ayeka glances over to L next to her and sighs quietly, trying to hide the event.}

Ayeka:  No, I was just startled to see them both here.

{L nods and looks over to the two laying on neighboring beds.}

L:  I know.  I'd heard that both had been killed on Jurai about six months ago.

Ayeka:  {Nods.}  I know.

{Ayeka starts walking towards Nerti slowly while talking to L.}

Ayeka:  Ms L, do you know who she is?

{L folds her arms and recalls her research.}

L:  She and Pii were the highest ranking students in their class at the Science Academy on
	Pentinon.

{Ayeka reaches Nerti and looks down at the unconscious face of blonde woman as L continues.}

L:  Details are sketchy and biased, but something happened.  She disappeared to become a feared
	criminal while he became the bounty hunter to chase her.  Although, when he was here, he
	said that he needed to bring her home... that he promised her parents.

Ayeka:  Do you know anything about her before then?  Who she was, what she did?

L:  {Shakes her head.}  No, her parents were killed the same day she disappeared.  All her
	classmates have tried to forget that day as best they could.

{Ayeka brushes her hand against Nerti's face with a sad look in her own eyes.}

Ayeka:  The poor girl...

{After a moment of touching Nerti's skin, a bolt of black energy shoots through Ayeka's hand,
causing the princess's eyes to flash grey for a moment before reverting to red.  Ayeka pulls her
hand back full of pain.  L runs to her side and takes Ayeka's hand.}

L:  What happened?!

{Ayeka just shakes her head and slowly pulls her hand back.}

Ayeka:  It was nothing...  I am alright...

L:  You sure?

Ayeka:  {Nods.}  Yes...  {Looks at Nerti again.}  You have examined her.  Is there anything
	special that you can see?

{L also looks over to Nerti with her physician's gaze.}

L:  Not really, but some of her readings actually reminded me of Sasami when she was recuperating
	from Mecha-Nerti's force shield.  It's a little strange though.

{Ayeka looks back to L with a questioning gaze.}

Ayeka:  Has Washu said anything regarding our Keys?

L:  {Shakes her head.}  No, nothing.  She seems to keeping that data to herself.

Ayeka:  {Nods to herself.}  Not surprising.  Washu has been keeping much of the information she
	has about the past few incidents to herself, it seems.

L:  You've noticed?

{Ayeka's voice gains a strange air of distrust as she continues the conversation.}

Ayeka:  Yes, I just pray she has our objective in mind with all her covert moves.

L:  I'd think she would.  If Earth goes, so does she.

Ayeka:  I know.

{Ayeka closes her eyes and steps towards the door in silence while L watches her uneasily.}

L:  {To herself.}  Something's not right...

{As Ayeka leaves the chamber, she passes through the hall for a moment before she has to stop and
rub her eyes.  When she rubs her eyes they flicker grey and then red once more.  She shakes her
head some and continues down the hall while a small figure watches her from the junction with
another corridor.  A blue pigtail pulls back into the shadows as all fades to black.}

End Scene 3

End Act 2