Dark Energy Trilogy
By William Benjamin Grilliette (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

All material of or relating to *Tenchi Muyo!* are copyrighted by Pioneer LD and AIC.
All material of or relating to *Men in Black* are copyrighted by Marvel/Malibu Comics and
	Columbia/Tristar Pictures.
All material of or relating to "Evil Pii" or "Nerti Ro" is property of William Benjamin
	Grilliette.
All material of or relating to "Angelbane duSoleil", "Cassandra duSoleil", or "Katiara duSoleil"
	is property of Jeffrey Williams.
More information about cast, plot, and story is available at http://evilpii.dorm4.org/.

Part 2:  Tenchi Muyo!:  Reunion
By William Benjamin Grilliette  (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Act 6

Scene 1

{A crack of light casts itself into the pitch black darkness.  This vertical slit opens slowly
with the sounds of men exerting themselves.  A staff is pushed through the slit and used to lever
the opening wider.  The light fills the room and falls upon Azusa unconscious on the floor of his
war room with the two Guardians, Azaka and Kamidake, sitting on the ground unmoving.  Two
shadowed men walk in and kneel next to him.  The elder of the two checks Azusa's pulse and nods
to his ally.  The younger man takes Azusa and walks out of the war room.  As they walk out, the
light shines down on them to show them to be Yosho and Azaka.  Azaka carries Azusa as they
continue through the corridors of the Jurai Palace with a grave feeling between them.}

Azaka:  It seems that even the Emperor of Jurai is not immune to this new weapon.

Yosho:  {Nods.}  Yes, it also looks like it has affected more than just the people as well.

{As they pass, the corridors looks more and more browned with age.  All of the gates and doors
along the corridors have obviously been levered open by the scratch marks they have along their
edges.  Pan slowly up to the foliage above and focus on one leaf among its siblings.  This leaf
slowly fades to yellow and withers on the branch before breaking away.  It swings in the air as
the currents blow it through the corridor.  This leaf fades into the shape of a written page that
whips in the wind.  It impacts a cold wall and falls to the floor in the shadows before sliding
into the light of an open door.  On the page is written a kind poem as a man's shadow walks up
next to the page.  Oniko's voice rings out as he reads the lines on the page.}

Oniko:  As light flows in space / So does your soul through your work. / You love all and hate no
	one / Because you are loved by all, / My Nerti Ro.

{Pan around to see Oniko's war-hardened face looking down at this simple, hand-written poem with
an air of kindness.  He closes his eyes and turns away.}

Oniko:  A whole world and the life of that girl just for revenge...

{Seia's shrill voice calls out to Oniko mockingly at his solemnity.}

Seia:  Having second thoughts, Oniko?

{Seia laughs as Oniko stops at attention.}

Oniko:  You wouldn't understand, child.

{Seia appears a short distance before Oniko's face with a sadistic smile on her lips.}

Seia:  That your people were subverted and punished by the Jurai?  Oh, I understand that just
	fine.  {Scowls some.}  And, do not call me a child again.  I am much older than you if
	you recall.

{Oniko's eyes open and glare at Seia imparting all his distaste for her.}

Oniko:  I remember how old you are, Seia.  I also know that you only do this for your personal
	entertainment, not because you care about Ryua or our Lady.

{Seia lands on the ground and turns her back to Oniko.}

Seia:  I like to have fun with my jobs.  Our Lady chose me for this, after all, to counter your
	serious and boring attitude.

{Oniko's mood only worsens as Seia laughs some to herself.}

Oniko:  Are you here to share pleasantries or to tell me something, Seia?  I don't have time for
	your tiresome banter.

{Seia sighs hard and spins around to him.}

Seia:  Well, since you want the news to eagerly, Jezibel has given us a mission.

{Seia smiles darkly while Oniko just closes his eyes and nods.}

Oniko:  The targets?

Seia:  I think you might enjoy this, dear boy.

{Cut from Seia's malevolent grin to Jezibel's confident smirk as she stands beside Liaens upon
his balcony looking onto a video window displaying the powerless ships floating around their ship
as they approach Jurai ever so ominously.  Jezibel turns to Liaens to see him beaming in triumph
at the defeat of the Jurai Fleet.}

Jezibel:  You seem satisfied with yourself, Liaens.

Liaens:  Quite so, woman.  With the Jurai defeated, our Lady is now free to intercede in this
	universe once again, thanks to the Aelins Reactor the Ro girl built.

{Liaens glances to Jezibel.}

Liaens:  Speaking of the Ro girl, our Lady still requires her.  Have you relayed that to Oniko
	and Seia.

Jezibel:  {Nods.}  Done.  Seia is explaining that to Oniko as we speak.

Liaens:  Good.

Jezibel:  However, I also added a significant target to their orders.

{Liaens's anger enters his now surprised expression while Jezibel does not even turn to him to
acknowledge.}

Jezibel:  The Ryo-Jurai half-breed is necessary for my true mission, Proran.  I am to ensure the
	falsehood of that prophecy of old, am I not?

{Liaens turns to face forward and gnashes his teeth holding himself in check while Jezibel lets a
little scoff slip out.}

Jezibel:  Do not worry so much, Liaens.  You are too old to worry yourself to death now.

{Jezibel laughs to herself as Liaens's rage continues to grow behind his mask of stability as
seen in the vein bulging on his forehead.  Jezibel turns from the monitor screen and floats to
the floor below the balcony as she heads towards the door.}

Jezibel:  Your revenge against the Jurai is complete.  There is no one there to oppose you, and
	if there are, they are few in number and easily dealt with.  Relax, you failure of a man.
	You are finally no longer a failure, thanks to me and our Lady.

{Jezibel cackles when she passes through the doors leaving Liaens's chambers.  Liaens spins
around and releases and energy pulse at the door leaving a large, black scorch from the impact.
He breathes heavily in his rage and embarassment.}

Liaens:  If it wasn't for our Lady, Jezibel Kimitan, I would have killed you myself long ago.
	You aren't needed!  You don't control this ship!  I do!

{Liaens turns away from the door and glances back to the monitor window.  He contemplates the new
situation in light of Jezibel's unexpected change of plans.}

Liaens:  I just hope your ambition doesn't interfere with our original mission of training that
	girl for delivery to our Lady.

{Liaens's gaze floats over to the portrait of the young blonde warrior wearing those huge
arm-blades.  Fade from this face to Nerti's all too similar face.  Her eyes are closed with tears
streaming down her face as she holds onto Pii tightly.  Pii, likewise, holds her close rocking
her back and forth trying to quiet her.  The two sit on the edge of a royal bed alone in the dark
with only the crack of an open door to let the light enter.  Nerti's sniffles and subtle sobs can
be heard periodically from her.}

Pii:  Shh... It's alright...

Nerti:  I... I caused all this...!  I built that thing, Will...!!  The death of this whole planet
	is my fault...!!

Pii:  That wasn't you.  You don't build weapons, Nerti...

Nerti:  But, I did...!  What would Mom and Dad say...?!

{Pii becomes suddenly silent at the reference to her parents.  She pulls away from him and looks
at his face which now has some tears rolling down from under his visor.  She reaches her hand up
to his face and rests it against his visor.}

Nerti:  What is it...?

{Pii turns his head slightly away.}

Pii:  It's nothing...

{Nerti flips Pii's visor up to see his eyes clinched in anger and shame with tears rolling down
from his face to his neck.  His brown eyes open slowly as he looks back to her pretty grey eyes
which are filled with tears also, almost pleading to him.}

Nerti:  We'll handle this together... remember?

{Pii turns his face back to her and nods slowly to her as she pushes his cap and visor off to
reveal his true appearance from beneath the mask.  His short brown hair falls into place as he
sighs.  Nerti shakes her head.}

Nerti:  You never have to hide yourself from me...

{Pii nods again as they hold each other tighter and touch foreheads together.  Pan away out the
door and see that Cassandra stands against the wall listening in.  Angelbane stands next to her
leaning against the wall in silence.  The two look at each other and speak softly such that Pii
and Nerti do not hear.}

Cassandra:  For the past three years, Nerti Ro has been held captive by Jezibel Kimitan's psychic
	control...  She was violently ripped away from her friends and family on Pentinon with
	almost no warning...

Angelbane:  And, they had her research the NVO energy to create this weapon...?

Cassandra:  {Shakes her head.}  It's more than that...

{Cassandra gets more and more agitated as she continues.  She literally starts to shake from her
emotions.}

Cassandra:  I felt that... that... that woman within her, Bane...!!

{Cassandra's mind recalls her mindscape.  She stands with Ryoko, Nagi, and Pii looking on at
Nerti whose eyes have since changed to red irises on blue corneas.  Nerti's form flashes for a
moment into one with a brown and red suit, a great red gem over her chest, and one white ribbon
encircling her.  Cassandra looks away from Angelbane when he puts his hands on her shoulders
causing her to calm down and focus somewhat.  Her gaze returns to his face as his expression has
now become quite empathetic to her.}

Angelbane:  If that was her, then it will come out soon enough...  Just don't let your rage and
	hatred of her cloud your judgment...

{Cassandra's eyes start to show tears as she shuts them and tries to control herself.}

Cassandra:  It was unbearable what she did to our family, Bane...  To think that she's trying to
	destroy their happiness too...!!

{Angelbane's voice stops in reality and continues in Cassandra's mind as the loving husband he
is.  His gaze remains fixed on her, controlled and locked in his feelings toward her.}

Angelbane:  Then, we will stop her...  With my alliegence here to Jurai and our friendship to
	that young couple in there, we will not allow her to do her evil here... Agreed...?

{Cassandra silently nods to her husband has he wraps his arms and his cloak around her gently.}

Angelbane:  I swear I won't let our son's death be in vain...  I swear that, my dearest wife...

{The couple hold each other for a time until they separate slowly and turn to walk through the
corridor.}

Angelbane:  Let's make sure that doesn't happen again here...

{Angelbane and Cassandra follow the corridor until it reaches its end in the main ball room.  The
floor is littered with the bodies of unconscious Juraian nobles who are trapped in a dreamless
sleep.  On the stage, Seiryo lays with his face planted into the stage while Tensho is placed
gently next to the edge.  Nagi sits at his side with a solemn expression towards her father as
she places her hand on his barely moving chest.  A tear comes her to her eye and rolls down the
black skin tone of her Mark of Rage.  A hand clothed in white comes to her face and brushes that
tear away.  Nagi looks along this arm to find Kamidake's face gazing back at her with sympathy in
his eyes.  Her eyes become hard when her hand whips up and slaps his hand away.  Kamidake pulls
his hand back in confusion while Nagi glares back at him.}

Nagi:  Never touch me...!

Kamidake:  I thought you might...

Nagi:  You were wrong, knight.  Father might have told you to look out for me, but not to touch
	me!

{Kamidake steps back and bows deeply as his voice reflects not only his apology for his actions
but also his concern and sympathy, although he shows no outward signs through his face or
motions.}

Kamidake:  I am sorry, Lady Nagi.  I did not know.

{Kamidake turns from Nagi and passes Angelbane and Cassandra quietly, without outward expression.
Cassandra watches Kamidake pass and sees a white aura around him.  Cassandra starts after him
when Angelbane puts his hand on her shoulder to stop her.  She looks back to her husband confused
as he shakes his head.  She sighs hard and joins Angelbane in the ball room.  Nagi's hardened
face softens slowly as she turns back to her father.  Angelbane and Cassandra walk around the
Juraians upon the floor to reach Nagi.}

Cassandra:  {Concerned.}  Weren't you a little hard on him?  He was only concerned for you.

Nagi:  {Resolute.}  I am not a concern of his.

Cassandra:  Your father thought you were.

{Nagi spins around to Cassandra with her anger glowing in her red eyes.}

Nagi:  Do not refer to my father that way.  He knows I can take care of myself.

{Cassandra is calm as she gazes back to Nagi.}

Cassandra:  Yes, he does.  {Pauses.}  But, he also knows the value of having friends.  He even
	tried to make friends with Tenchi and Ayeka after all.  You never did.

{Nagi turns away from Cassandra.}

Nagi:  I am also not my father nor my mother.

Cassandra:  {Sighs.}  I know that, Nagi, but you are like both.  You are honorable like your
	father.  You are passionate like your mother.  {Shakes her head.}  However, you seem to
	have inherited your stubbornness from both of them.

{Nagi glares from the corner of her eye at Cassandra.}

Nagi:  Why are you saying this to me?  I thoroughly know who and what I am.  I have no need for
	someone who only just met me to try and explain what I am to me.

Cassandra:  Because you are ignoring your people.  You are half-Juraian.  Half of you is the same
	as Kamidake whom you just blew off.  Don't you even feel sorry about it?

Nagi:  No.

Cassandra:  Then you are no different than Ryoko, except that she is starting to develop some
	sympathy and regret.

{Nagi whips around to retort and is met with only Cassandra's back facing her.  Cassandra starts
to walk away from Nagi with Angelbane close at hand.  Nagi watches them go as her glare fades
away.  She closes her eyes and places her hands in her lap bowing her head quietly.  Angelbane
wraps his arm around Cassandra's shoulders and holds her close.  Cassandra clings to his side as
if a child to her father in her innocence.  Angelbane and Cassandra enter a new corridor and
arrive in a medical ward.  Here, Ayeka lays comfortably on a medical bed with Tenchi and Sasami
at her bedside.  She tries to sit up, but Tenchi pushes against her shoulders, placing gently
back down.}

Tenchi:  {Worried.}  Stay still, Ayeka.  You don't want to make yourself worse.

Ayeka:  I am fine, Tenchi.  Truly I am.

Tenchi:  I don't believe you.  You've been hiding something ever since the Manhattan incident,
	and I'm not letting you up until you tell me.  I don't want you hurting yourself out
	anymore!

Sasami:  We don't want to see you in pain like that again!

{Ayeka sighs and lays back on the bed quietly.  Tenchi looks down to her pleadingly.}

Tenchi:  Come on, Ayeka.  Tell us what's wrong so we can help you.  We can't help you if you stay
	silent like this.

{Ayeka closes her eyes and shakes her head slowly.}

Ayeka:  I cannot, Tenchi...

Tenchi:  Why not, Ayeka?  We want to help you.  That's all.

{Tears begin to roll down her face.}

Ayeka:  You cannot help me...

{Sasami starts to have tears roll down her face as she protests Ayeka's words and tears.}

Sasami:  Yes, we can, Ayeka!  Don't ever say we can't!!

{Ayeka looks over to Sasami and sees her sister's tears.  Ayeka reaches for Sasami when Sasami
just spins around and runs off.}

Ayeka:  Sasami...!

{Sasami runs past Angelbane and Cassandra on her way out.  Cassandra watches Sasami go with a
motherly look in her eye, sad that she cannot help the young princess.  To Cassandra's eye,
Sasami has a blue aura glowing brightly as she dashes away towards Nagi's location.  Cassandra
watches as Sasami cries at Nagi's side, and Nagi pats Sasami's back kindly and says a few words
to her.  Sasami throws her arms around Nagi surprising her before she too puts her arms around
Sasami and just closes her eyes peacefully.  Cassandra smiles as she turns back to her husband
who has a small grin on his face.  She blushes some while they look on in Ayeka's room.  Ayeka
closes her eyes tightly as she just lays back against her bed trying not to cry herself.  Tenchi
shakes his head towards Ayeka.}

Tenchi:  Can't you see how much this is hurting us all, Ayeka?  We all want to help you, but
	you're not helping us to do so.

Ayeka:  I know, Tenchi...  I just...

{Tenchi smiles some as he takes Ayeka's hand.  Ayeka looks back at his kind face.}

Tenchi:  Just rest now, Ayeka, alright?  You need to get your strength back before you do
	anything.

Ayeka:  But...

Tenchi:  {Shakes his head.}  No "but"s.  We all want you better.  {Chuckles.}  Even Ryoko said so
	before she left to check the other parts of the Palace.

{Ayeka shoots Tenchi a confused expression.}

Ayeka:  She did...?

Tenchi:  I've said before that all of us, even Ryoko, watched over you when you had that heart
	attack in Manhattan.  We're not going to let anything happen to you, alright?  I'll talk
	with Sasami, okay?

{Ayeka shakes her head and smiles some herself.}

Ayeka:  No, Tenchi.  I can handle that.

Tenchi:  {Nods.}  Alright, but you get better first, okay?

Ayeka:  Yes.

{Tenchi releases Ayeka's hand and takes a few steps away.}

Tenchi:  I'll be back soon.  You try not to wear yourself anymore, alright?

Ayeka:  {Nods.}  I will not, Tenchi.

{Tenchi bows before he turns and leaves.  In the hallway, he comes to Angelbane and Cassandra
where he stops and greets them.}

Tenchi:  How is everything, Lord duSoleil?  Is it as bad as you thought?

Angelbane:  {Nods.}  Worse.  Ryoko's report should be more thorough though.

Tenchi:  Should be...

{Tenchi sighs some and looks to the ground.  Angelbane speaks up again.}

Angelbane:  Don't worry, Lord Masaki.  There was nothing you could have done about this.

Tenchi:  That doesn't mean that I should have just sat at the Reunion party and done nothing like
	we all did.  We knew that Liaens and his henchmen were coming!  We should have done
	something.

{Yosho's voice comes from behind Angelbane.}

Yosho:  We did all we could, Tenchi.

{Tenchi turns to see Yosho and Azaka burdened with Azusa.  Azaka continues past them all to take
Azusa over to a medical bed next to Ayeka where he lays the emperor down comfortably.  Ayeka
turns to Azaka and sees him place Azusa next to her.  Her expression becomes increasingly aghast
as she looks upon Azusa.}

Ayeka:  Even the Emperor...?!

Azaka:  {Nods.}  Yes, Princess.  It seems no Juraian is immune to this weapon.

{Azaka passes Ayeka on his way back to the others in the corridor.  Ayeka's gaze settles on
Azusa.}

Ayeka:  My planet...  My home...

{Her face starts to cringe in fear as she curls like a child upon the bed while she begins to
understand the gravity of this new situation.  Azaka reaches the others outside to see Tenchi's
frustration has grown with the time he took to lay down Azusa.  Tenchi grips his fists tightly as
he looks to all of them with a resoluteness similar to Yosho's in his determination.}

Tenchi:  I'm going to that ship to stop all this.  It makes no sense to destroy an entire planet
	full of people, no matter the reason.  He's hurt Ayeka and tried to destroy the minds of
	Ryoko and Nagi, let alone Nerti Ro and Will Pii.  We can't let that go unchallenged!

Angelbane:  I second that, and as ally to the Jurai, I will accompany you.

{Everyone looks over to Angelbane surprised.}

Tenchi:  You will?

Angelbane:  {Nods.}  Yes, I have always wanted to meet this Liaens face to face.

{Pii's voice enters from behind Angelbane.}

Pii:  I'd like to see him again myself.

{Angelbane and Cassandra step out of the way to find Pii standing straight-faced and locked in
his mind.}

Pii:  I remember the man from three years ago on the Science Academy campus.  He tempted me and
	kidnapped Nerti.  I will never forgive him for that.

Angelbane:  Then, it's settled.  We storm Liaens's ship.

Tenchi:  What about the weapon that did all this damage?

{Yosho steps forward.}

Yosho:  I can handle that.

Tenchi:  {Surprised.}  Grandpa?

Yosho:  It's been a long time since I fought to save Jurai, but I think that I could handle
	this...  {Looks to Azaka.}  with some help.

Azaka:  {Bows.}  I would be honored to accompany you, Lord Yosho.

Pii:  How are we going up?  My ship's not here, and Bane's is too slow to not be noticed easily.

Tenchi:  {Thinking.}  I wonder if we could use Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki...

Pii:  Sounds like a plan to me.  Ohki fighters are some of the fastest around.

Angelbane:  Ryoko should be back from her once-over of the Palace.  We should discuss the matter
	with her and Nagi.  Until then, we should get a strategy for this mission.

Yosho:  Agreed.

{When everyone nods together, pan over to Ayeka who has turned to see them all together
discussing this serious matter.  Her eyes settle on Tenchi's resolute face as she holds her heart
lightly.  Her melancholy comes out in her voice.}

Ayeka:  Tenchi...

End Scene 1

Scene 2

{Nagi looks up from her vigil next to Tensho at a nearby wall.  From this wall, Ryoko passes
through the solid object to stand a short distance from Nagi.  Ryoko and Nagi's eyes meet with a
air of uneasiness.  Their expressions reflect their eternal vow against each other, but this is
now tempered with a subtle kindness.  Their gaze breaks in different directions as they begin to
speak.}

Ryoko:  How's your dad, Nagi?

Nagi:  Just fine.  What of the Palace?

Ryoko:  Next to dead.  The tree that supports it is starting to wither and die.  You can see the
	leaves falling all over the place.

Nagi:  Not surprising.  With all the Jurai Power nullified throughout the structure as well as in
	the Royal Family itself, nothing is left to give the tree the power it needs to live.

{Ryoko laughs half-heartedly causing Nagi to turn to her with a mild scowl.}

Ryoko:  You know.  I've always had this dream of destroying Jurai single-handedly.  Just
	rampaging unchecked across the planet breaking every limb on every tree and exploding
	every ship or building.

{Ryoko's eyes close as she remembers her recurring dream.}

Ryoko:  I even faced the legendary warrior Yosho.  Although back then, I had no idea Yosho was
	Tenchi's grandfather.  It would've been such a release to just let my frustrations out on
	a planet without anyone to stop me.

{Ryoko sighs as her fake expression fades away to her true solemn look.  Her eyes open looking
into the distance.}

Ryoko:  But, as much as I hate the Jurai for what they've done to my race as well as how they
	treated me, I don't want the whole civilization to be destroyed like this.

{Nagi nods and looks back to her father nearby in the quiet of the room.}

Nagi:  Strange for you to tell me this, Ryoko.  I am your greatest adversary.

{Ryoko turns back to Nagi seriously.}

Ryoko:  But, you're also my only remaining blood relative.  You're my sister.  I thought it only
	right to tell you... at least once what I dreamed about before you tried to finish me.

{Nagi smiles to herself some.}

Nagi:  Big sister telling little sister about her hopes and aspirations.  Sounds too kind for the
	greatest pirate of all time.

Ryoko:  May be, but I have one last thing to do as your sister before I forget about my
	relationship with you.

{Nagi looks back up to Ryoko just in time to see Ryoko takes off her golden neckplate and toss it
to Nagi.  Nagi catches it and looks it over curiously.}

Nagi:  What is this?

Ryoko:  It's from Washu.  It'll protect you when you're in danger, like it's done for me the past
	two years.

Nagi:  How kind of you...  Giving an advantage to your opponent?

{Ryoko smiles slyly.}

Ryoko:  Who said that I gave you an advantage?  Armor doesn't help if you don't use it.

{Nagi laughs some.}

Nagi:  It seems falling in love with a guy has made you soft after all, Ryoko.

Ryoko:  {Shakes her head.}  No, I just realize something when I look at you.

Nagi:  And, that is?

{Ryoko finally turns to face Nagi with a melancholy look on her face.  Nagi meets this expression
with one of confusion.}

Ryoko:  Before she died, Mom always acted as though she was missing something.  I always thought
	it was Dad...  but now I know it wasn't.

{Ryoko goes to the edge of the stage and steps to the floor before she looks back to Nagi again.}

Nagi:  Wha...?

Ryoko:  I just want to make sure that your dad doesn't have to feel that.

{Ryoko turns and teleports away.  Nagi looks down to the golden device in her hand with an
expression torn between empathy and her age-old hatred.  She then sighs hard and places the
neckplate around her neck.  Her hand slowly pulls away from the metal as she closes her eyes
silently.  A few light footsteps come from behind her followed by Sasami's young voice.}

Sasami:  You okay, Nagi?

{A small smile appears on Nagi's lips.}

Nagi:  Yes, little Sasami.  Nothing is wrong.

{Sasami kneels next to Nagi while her eyes are attracted to the gold around Nagi's neck.}

Sasami:  Hey, that looks like Ryoko's!  I didn't know Washu gave you one too.

Nagi:  Washu?

Sasami:  {Nods.}  Yeah, Washu gave one to Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko back when we went to visit
	Tenchi's mom in 1970.  Those gold things protected them from Kain.

Nagi:  Protected them against Kain, did they?

Sasami:  Without it, Tenchi might not have made it out.  He was really hurt even with it on.

Nagi:  I see...  {Smiles some.}  I guess it is lucky I have one.

{Nagi pats Sasami on the head gently and rubs her hair while Sasami giggles.  Nagi's smile grows
as she gazes upon Sasami.  Nearby, Kamidake peers out of a corridor and sees Nagi and Sasami
together.  He smiles and thinks to himself.}

Kamidake:  She is a woman after all...

{In this quiet moment, Kamidake suddenly looks up to the ceiling above Sasami and Nagi with
concern growing in his expressions.  He dashes at them calling their names.}

Kamidake:  Lady Nagi!  Princess Sasami!  Above you!

{Sasami and Nagi look over to Kamidake questioningly before Nagi herself looks up to the ceiling
above her to see fragments of said ceiling falling towards her and young Sasami.  Nagi pulls
Sasami close as the fragments impact a small field surrounding the two of them.  Kamidake stops
just short of Sasami and Nagi to turn his attention towards two newly formed holes in the
ceiling.  He is surprised to see not Oniko and Seia, but two metal humanoids hovering in the air.
Both are designed similar to M.Nerti but lack her armor and facial design, more of a generic
female form also without the scythe weapon.  Kamidake glares at the two soulless machines.}

Kamidake:  Who are you?!  You are neither Oniko nor Seia!

{The two machines remain silent as they float down, one behind Sasami and one behind Nagi.
Kamidake dashes at the one behind Sasami and jabs his staff's headpiece into it releasing a blast
of red energy into the machine.  Nagi's field fades away as she looks up to see Kamidake standing
next to the burned and melted remains of one automaton.  Before she turns to see the other, it
grabs her arms and holds her fast.  Sasami looks up to see Nagi struggling against the grip which
restricts her.}

Sasami:  {Aghast.}  Nagi!!

{Nagi glares over her shoulder at her captor while she generates red energy in her hands.}

Nagi:  Let me go now!!

{Kamidake spins around to see this and readies to attack.}

Kamidake:  Release her!!

{The machine then holds Nagi before itself as a crucified human shield.  Nagi loses the energy in
her hands while Kamidake lowers from his fighting stance when Jezibel's laugh fills the room.}

Jezibel:  Why should I?  She is my objective, after all.

{The machine rockets away through the hole it created with Nagi in tow while Jezibel's voice
continues on to Sasami and Kamidake.}

Jezibel:  You had best be glad that I was only able to take the bastard child and not the
	princess, knight.  She would have been an added bonus to this mission.

{Jezibel laughs as her voice fades away.  Kamidake falls to his knees next to Tensho's
unconscious body as Tenchi and Ryoko rush in with Angelbane and Cassandra close behind.  Sasami
runs to Tenchi's side crying causing him to kneel down to her, as does Ryoko.  Both try to
console her.}

Tenchi:  Sasami, what's wrong?

{Sasami hides her face in Tenchi's shoulder sobbing while Kamidake answers quietly.}

Kamidake:  Jezibel came for Lady Nagi and Princess Sasami.

{Shocked, Ryoko spins around to Kamidake.}

Ryoko:  Jezibel?!  That woman came and took Nagi?!

{Kamidake stands facing Ryoko with his eyes angled to the floor, his frustration obvious in his
voice.}

Kamidake:  She did.  There is no excuse.  I should not have been negligent in my duty to protect
	Lady Nagi.

{Kamidake grips his staff tightly as Azaka's voice enters the room.}

Azaka:  Do not worry, Kamidake.

{Kamidake looks up to see Yosho and Azaka standing in the corridor near Angelbane and Cassandra.}

Yosho:  Don't blame yourself.  From the looks of things...

{Yosho points to the remains on the ground next to Kamidake's feet.}

Yosho:  ... that we have more to worry about than we thought.

{Tenchi and Ryoko look over to the remains on the ground and are taken aback.}

Tenchi:  That isn't...!!

{To Tenchi and Ryoko's eyes, M.Nerti's emotionless face appears over the visage of the mechanical
doll.}

Tenchi:  That's the same design as Mecha-Nerti!!

{Sasami hears these words and looks over to the destroyed creature on the ground.  Fear slowly
crosses her face as she gazes at the wrecked warrior.}

Sasami:  But... Tenchi beat her...!

{Cassandra walks over to the machine solemnly and kneels down to it.  She touches its forehead
with her fingers.}

Cassandra:  While Jezibel controlled her, Nerti created replicants of the original design from
	her daughter, Little Nerti.  None even approach Little Nerti's power, but they are strong
	warriors in their own right.

Ryoko:  Why didn't you tell us that earlier, Cassandra?!

{Ryoko stands accusingly towards Cassandra.}

Cassandra:  Most of Nerti's memories are still locked away in her mind.  It might be that some of
	her memories will never be recovered no matter the help she receives.  I am sorry, Ryoko.
	I care about Nagi also, but I did not foresee this coming.

{Nerti's quiet voice comes from the corridor.}

Nerti:  Nor could I...

{The others turn to see Pii and Nerti side-by-side in the doorway.  Ryoko storms towards them
while Pii places himself between her and Nerti.}

Ryoko:  Get out of my way, you hunter trash!  She's got a lot to answer for!

{Pii gains a hard, furiful expression on his face towards Ryoko while he stands firm.}

Pii:  You think this's her fault, Ryoko?!  She and I built Mecha-Nerti years ago to be a gentle
	and kind automaton, not the war machine you saw!  These things aren't even really our
	design anymore!!

{Nerti steps forward and puts her hand on Pii's shoulder.  He looks back at her as she gently
pushes him to the side and stands before Ryoko herself.  Nerti's face reflects genuine remorse
which catches Ryoko off-guard.}

Nerti:  I know you probably won't believe me, Ryoko, but I'm sorry for all this.  I had no idea
	that when I designed Little Nerti three years ago that this would result.  If I had...

{Nerti stops herself and closes her eyes.  Pii puts his arm around her and holds her as she turns
to him and buries her face in his chest.  Pii gazes at Ryoko while behind the visor, his eyes
dance in anger.}

Pii:  I helped create that machine that Tenchi destroyed.  Mecha-Nerti was as much my
	responsibility as it is hers.  If you want to blame someone, blame both of us because
	there's no way you will touch Nerti except by going through me.

{Nerti's expression hidden in Pii's chest becomes one of great surprise.  While Ryoko prepares to
summon her sword, Tenchi grabs Ryoko's arm stopping her.  Ryoko looks back to Tenchi shocked
while he shakes his head.}

Tenchi:  Stop it, Ryoko.  It wasn't her fault, and you know it as much as she does.  You were
	almost taken by Jezibel too.

{Ryoko looks back to Pii and Nerti together and thinks to herself.  She relaxes her arm causing
Tenchi to release her.  Ryoko turns away from the others quietly.}

Ryoko:  Fine then...

{Cassandra starts to speak when Angelbane touches her shoulder.  She looks back to him when he
shakes his head.  She concedes and remains silent while the events continue.  Yosho speaks up.}

Yosho:  These machines are a different design, but do they have the same weaknesses?

{Tenchi looks back at the mechanical remains near Kamidake and nods.}

Tenchi:  Yeah, Grandpa.  Mecha-Nerti had an NVO energy cell in her chest.  The way Kamidake
	killed this one looks similar to what I had to do to her.

Kamidake:  That makes defeating these automatons simple.

{Ryoko spins back around to all of them determined in her expressions.}

Ryoko:  Then I say we go in after Nagi too!  I'm not going to leave her with Jezibel again!

{Tenchi stands facing Ryoko and shakes his head.}

Tenchi:  No, Ryoko.  You're still weak from your last encounter with her.

Ryoko:  Tenchi, I'm not going to just let Nagi stay there with that...!!

{Tenchi puts his hands on Ryoko's shoulders causing her to focus on him.}

Tenchi:  Listen.  We'll get her back.

{Kamidake's voice is heard clear above the others.}

Kamidake:  Lord Tensho entrusted Lady Nagi's safety to me.  I will face Jezibel myself and bring
	Lady Nagi back.

{Everyone's attention turns to Kamidake who faces them with an expression of determination
tempered with duty.  Angelbane folds his arms seriously.}

Angelbane:  I respect your resolve, Kamidake, but Jezibel is a formidable enemy.  With that
	generator still operational, she and her allies still have a great advantage over us.

Kamidake:  You wish me to accompany Azaka and Lord Yosho to destory the core of the enemy's
	weapon?

Angelbane:  That I am.  It's the best strategy to eliminate their trump card so they can't use it
	again.

Kamidake:  What about Lady Nagi?  Do you think she can afford to be left with Jezibel that long?

{Cassandra steps forward one step and speaks out.}

Cassandra:  Nagi held out against Jezibel's influence for a long time from when I saved Ryoko
	until we infiltrated their ship.

Angelbane:  Look.  We don't like it anymore than you.

{Cassandra looks up to Kamidake with a type of kindness she has only shown so far to Ryoko, Nagi,
and Pii.  She continues in a motherly tone of voice comparable to an experienced woman.}

Cassandra:  Kamidake, you won't believe me when I say this, but Nagi is not an ordinary woman.
	She is much stronger than probably even she knows.  I know she can last until you arrive.

Angelbane:  However, hurry in your work that she won't be fighting alone for long.

{Kamidake closes his eyes and takes a deep, cleansing breath before responding.}

Kamidake:  I concede under protest...  However, I will find Nagi immediately after this task is
	finished.

{Angelbane nods knowingly.}

Angelbane:  Perfectly understandible.

{Tenchi turns to Ryoko serious and yet kind.}

Tenchi:  And, Ryoko.  You have to stay here and rest yourself.  I don't want you up there getting
	hurt.

{Ryoko just nods quietly.  In her mind, she recalls Tenchi walking away from her on Yagami to
face Kagato she spins around in tears to try and stop him.  In the present, Tenchi leans close to
her ear and whispers so that the others, especially Sasami, do not hear.}

Tenchi:  And, take care of Sasami...

{Ryoko hears this and her quiet expression brightens some.  She nods knowingly as Tenchi backs
away some.}

Ryoko:  I know...

Azaka:  That only leaves our means of transportation.

{Ryoko smiles some and shakes her head.}

Ryoko:  I can guess already.

{Ryoko closes her eyes.  Once her eyes reopen, Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki hop into the ball room, both
are disturbed.}

Ryoko:  I told them both everything...

{She kneels down to Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki and pets them both softly, each in turn.  She puts up a
facade of confidence in front of the two small cabbits.}

Ryoko:  Hey, don't worry.  Nagi's not my caliber, but she can beat Jezibel, no problem.

{Ken-Ohki nods and meows the affirmative, although some of his worry leaks into his voice.
Ryo-Ohki nuzzles next to Ken-Ohki gently causing him to look over into her yellow eyes.  She
smiles hopefully, which makes his soul just that much more stable.  Ryoko stands and scans the
faces of all the others before her gaze lands on Tenchi's determined expression.  She cracks a
fake confident smile.}

Ryoko:  I'd wish you luck, but I don't want you to have too much fun without me.

{Tenchi gains a thoughtful smile.}

Tenchi:  I bet.

{Ryoko recalls three years ago on Yagami when she tempted Tenchi to forsake Ayeka and go into
space with her.  Tenchi just smiles to the side to her with his eyes closed, very respectful and
kind.  Ryoko's present smile fades some as she continues.}

Ryoko:  You don't have all day.  You're wasting time.

Tenchi:  {Nods.}  I got it.

{Ryoko goes to Sasami's side and consoles her while the others split into groups.  Yosho, Azaka,
and Kamidake stand together next to Ryo-Ohki while Tenchi and Angelbane stand near Ken-Ohki.  Pii
looks down to Nerti and nods.}

Pii:  Don't worry.  Liaens and Jezibel won't hurt you again.

{Pii releases her and heads for Tenchi and Angelbane when Nerti calls out to him.}

Nerti:  Will, wait.

{Pii stops and looks back to her.  He notes that her face now as streaks of tears from where she
was crying in his chest.}

Nerti:  I can't let you go alone.  I know that ship better than any of you, and I know the
	defenses onboard.

{Pii speaks kindly to her, but set on his decision.}

Pii:  I know that, Nerti, but I can't let you near Jezibel again.  There is no way I'm losing you
	again.

Nerti:  But, I don't want to lose you either, and if you go unprepared to that ship you will die!

{Pii turns slightly away from her and speaks softer.}

Pii:  It's a risk I'll take...

Nerti:  Dammit, Will!  Listen to me!  I know you blame yourself for what happened to me three
	years ago, but I don't!  I never did!

{Pii closes his eyes when Cassandra goes to Nerti's side and gently puts her hand on Nerti's
shoulder bringing her out of that worrisome anger.}

Cassandra:  I saw some of those defenses in my mind while I was undoing Jezibel's influence on
	all of you.  Nerti's right, Will.  You go there without her knowledge, and you are dead.
	There is no doubt of that.

Pii:  Then what do we do?

Cassandra:  Nerti and I go with you.

{Pii spins around shocked.}

Pii:  What?!  No way!  I won't allow you to endanger her life like that!

Cassandra:  You forget that Nerti was trained to be a warrior, not a weakling.  She wasn't weak
	when the two of you were in the Science Academy either.  She can handle herself fine
	enough, and you all know I can as well.

{Pii becomes silent while Nerti steps forward again.}

Nerti:  I'll pilot Ken-Ohki while you all infiltrate the ship, alright?  I won't board with you.
	The ship has external defenses which will try and stop us.  I'll handle them.

Cassandra:  And, I'll be your back-up on Ryo-Ohki.  {Looks back to Ryoko.}  If that's alright
	with you, Ryoko.

Ryoko:  {Nods.}  It's alright.  Ryo-Ohki knows how to take care of herself if you can't.

Cassandra:  Then, it's settled.  Nerti and I go with you.

{Pii sighs hard and continues to Tenchi and Angelbane.}

Pii:  Alright...

{Nerti goes over to them also and glances at Pii's emotionless face next to her.  She seems very
confused as she then turns her gaze to the ground at her feet.  Cassandra joins Yosho, Azaka, and
Kamidake as she puts on her dragon fin helm.  Ryoko smiles to herself and nods to them all.}

Ryoko:  Good luck...

{The two groups walk out the doorway while Ryoko and Sasami watch them go.  Sasami gazes at the
eight warriors with the two cabbits and thinks to herself.}

Sasami:  {Mentally.}  Be careful... everyone...

{In space above Jurai, the two crystalline ships Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki rip through the atmosphere
and head towards the large pyramidal ship before them.  Nerti's voice enters as if over a
transmission line.}

Nerti:  We're safe until we reach eight-hundred meters.  Then, the defenses will come online and
	try to take us down.  We have to race up to the ship and teleport our passengers onto the
	ship before that happens, alright?

Cassandra:  I understand.

{Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki accelerate and speed in a black and white streak directly for Liaens's
approaching ship.  Onboard, Liaens watches the two ships streak for them quietly within his
chambers upon a monitor window.}

Liaens:  Jezibel didn't send Oniko and Seia to apprehend the Ro girl as our mission was meant.
	Her games will mean the end of us.

{Liaens allows the window to close and turns to the portrait of the blonde woman with the Kaiser
Blades.}

Liaens:  So, Aelins.  It seems your lineage will remain with us still.  My battle with you
	millennia ago decided the fate of our world.  Now, your descendent causes me such
	trouble.  {Scoffs.}  However, much less than the Kimitan woman.  Fate will have her way
	today as it did then.  I hope you're watching in your eternal home, woman.  The time's
	approaching for your lineage to die out finally.

{Alarms light up and blare, but Liaens only smiles to himself.}

Liaens:  My Lady, your body has come to us at last.

{Cut to Ken-Ohki's bridge.  Tenchi has since changed to his blue battlesuit and stands with Pii
and Angelbane on either side of him.  Nerti turns back to them seriously.}

Nerti:  From here on out, it's up to you.  There will be more of the robots onboard.  Please
	destroy them quickly.  Liaens is more machine now than man.  Use that to your advantage.

Tenchi:  We will, Ms Ro.

Angelbane:  Consider it done.

{Nerti turns to Pii as her expressions soften.}

Nerti:  Be careful, please...

{Pii is also quiet and somber in his speech.}

Pii:  I will...

{The three of them vanish as Ken-Ohki teleports them away.  Cassandra's face appears on a
com-window before Nerti.}

Cassandra:  Lord Yosho and the Knights are away.  You ready?

{Nerti takes a deep breath to collect herself as she nods wiping a tear from her eye.}

Nerti:  Yes, let's go.

{Cassandra responds with a motherly concern.}

Cassandra:  Just remember that I'm here with you, alright?

Nerti:  I understand, Lady Cassandra.

Cassandra:  {Smiles.}  Just call me "Cass", Nerti.

Nerti:  {Smiles some also.}  Alright, Cass.

{Ken-Ohki meows and brings up a screen showing a fleet of ships starting to surround him and
Ryo-Ohki.  Each metal ship approaches slowly and takes aim at either Ryo-Ohki or Ken-Ohki.  Nerti
quiets herself and faces forward.}

Nerti:  Alright, Ken-Ohki.  Let's do this.

{Ken-Ohki meows to the affirmative.  Cut to outside the ship where Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki are now
surrounded.  Both ships accelerate apart towards the enemy, and open fire.}

End Scene 2

Scene 3

{Ayeka lays on her bed gazing off into the distance longingly with her hands placed over her
chest.  Her facial expression holds not only a longing incompleteness, but also a quiet confusion
and feeling of lostness.  In this state, she speaks under her breath trying to sort out matters.}

Ayeka:  I should be with Tenchi...  at his side when he battles Liaens... not here...

{Ayeka's eyes move over to where Azusa lays unconscious.  She becomes increasingly worried.}

Ayeka:  My planet is suffering because of that man...  I cannot just lie here while everyone else
	fights...

{She sits up and looks at her hands in her lap before she brings them up to her heart and holds
them there.  She closes her eyes quietly as a tears start to appear in her eyes.}

Ayeka:  But, what is this pain in my chest every time I try to fight...?  Am I ill...?

{Tears start to roll down her face.}

Ayeka:  Is it Father...?

{She brings her knees to her chest and wraps her arms around her legs.}

Ayeka:  Is it Tenchi...?

{Ayeka opens her eyes as she scans her immediate surroundings until she finds Sagami's father,
her and Sasami's uncle, under a sheet appearing almost dead.  She gasps as she quickly leaves the
bed and runs to his side.  She looks down sadly at the once proud man that her little sister
admired and who helped them reach Jurai without major incident.}

Ayeka:  Uncle...

{She rests her hand on his brow as she kneels at his side.}

Ayeka:  Sagami said you were having a graft to heal your lungs...  Without the Jurai Power,
	you're not strong enough to continue to heal properly...

{On her forehead, Ayeka's tiara lights a gentle green as a green aura surrounds Sagami's father.
Ayeka's eyes droop some as her green glows vanish.}

Ayeka:  I pray that is enough...

{Ayeka gets to her feet and bows to the man on the bed before her.}

Ayeka:  I pray that you... that we all... survive this incident...

{Ayeka turns from him and watches the floor as she walks slowly through the doorway and into the
corridors lost in thought.}

Ayeka:  This all seems so overwhelming the past three years...  Kagato...  Kain... Mecha-Nerti...
	and now Liaens also...

{Ayeka looks up to the leaves above her, many of which have turned yellow and are starting to
wither away.}

Ayeka:  My planet... is dying around me...  the planet I was raised on and left for my love...

{Ayeka stops and puts out her hand.  A dead leaf falls into her hand.  She looks at it closely in
her thoughts.}

Ayeka:  Could my heart and this leaf...?

{Ayeka drops the leaf and bows her head.}

Ayeka:  I am thinking too much into this...  I know I should explain everything to Sasami so we
	could figure this out together...  but will she understand...?  She is so young and
	innocent...

{As Ayeka says these words, she reaches the opening to the ball room.  There, she sees Ryoko
sitting with Sasami nearby.  Sasami pays close attention to Ryoko as she speaks somewhat
confusedly.}

Ryoko:  Were Nagi and I ever like you and Ayeka?

Sasami:  {Nods.}  Yeah, I mean... you and Nagi are sisters just like me and Ayeka, but you two
	don't act like we do.

{Ryoko smiles some and shakes her head slowly.}

Ryoko:  The thing is, Sasami, Nagi and I aren't sisters like you and Ayeka.  She and I are kinda
	like...  {Thinks.}  well, me and your sister are probably the closest thing.

{Sasami is mildly surprised by Ryoko's answer.}

Sasami:  Oh really?  I never saw you and Ayeka as sisters before.

{Ryoko just laughs and smiles again.}

Ryoko:  I know it's tough to see, but Ayeka and I kinda do act like what I've seen some close
	sisters act.

{Sasami thinks to herself before she speaks again.}

Sasami:  I've never seen sisters fight like you and Nagi do.  Even you and Ayeka don't fight like
	that.

Ryoko:  You ever heard of sibling rivalry, Sasami?

Sasami:  {Nods.}  Sure.

Ryoko:  Well, think of it this way.  I do something, and Nagi comes and tries to be better than
	me.  I used to commit crimes, and she'd show up to stop me.

{Sasami contemplates Ryoko's words quickly and then starts to giggle.}

Sasami:  Oh, I see!  She wanted to spoil your fun, didn't she?

{Ryoko smiles wryly and teardrops at the young girl's words.}

Ryoko:  You... could say that...

{As Ryoko and Sasami discuss sisterhood, Ayeka watches this calm scene quietly.  A small smile
crosses her face when a voice smiliar to hers enters her mind.  However, this voice is full of
bitterness and spite.}

Mock Ayeka:  Look at Ryoko with your sister...  Can't you see that she's trying to take your
	place in Sasami's life...?!

{Ayeka is taken aback and whispers to herself as she shakes her head.}

Ayeka:  No... Even Ryoko would not do such a thing...

Mock Ayeka:  Wouldn't she...?  Her sister hates her and wishes her dead.  Why not take yours...?

Ayeka:  Sasami would never forget me...

Mock Ayeka:  She wouldn't...  or you don't want her to...?

{Ayeka's voice becomes harder, though still quiet.}

Ayeka:  Both...!

Mock Ayeka:  Quit lying to yourself...  You just want to let all that dislike... or should I say
	hate... out on Ryoko... Don't you...?

{Ayeka looks back up to Ryoko and Sasami with a half-scowling face trying to hold herself back.
Her eyes flash suddenly a deep grey, like Nerti's eyes, before reverting to their normal red.}

Mock Ayeka:  Don't you...?!

{Ayeka forces her eyes closed and backs away from the ball room slowly holding her hands in fists
at her sides.}

Ayeka:  No...  I will not...

Mock Ayeka:  Why not...?  Ryoko's in your way of getting Tenchi...  She's taking away your
	sister... Isn't that reason enough...?  Come on... Kill her...!!

{Ayeka firmly spins from Ryoko and Sasami and speaks almost curtly.}

Ayeka:  No...!!  I will not kill...!!

{A voice outside Ayeka speaks now right before her, a child-like even more evil and sadistic than
the Mock Ayeka, Seia's.}

Seia:  Then, I will kill her.

{Ayeka opens her eyes to find Seia standing before her with an evil grin on her face.  Ayeka
backsteps as Seia tosses her cloak behind her.}

Seia:  Surprised to see me?  Lady Jezibel thought it best that we keep all of you company since
	most of the Jurai Royal Family is...

{Seia glances to Azusa and then, with even more pleased expression, back to Ayeka.}

Seia:  Indesposed...

{Ayeka backs into the ball room so that Ryoko and Sasami can see her.  Both of them jump to their
feet as they see Ayeka stepping in reverse and then see Seia before her.  Ryoko's eyes lock onto
the situation as she pushes Sasami back with her left hand as she creates an energy sword in her
right.}

Ryoko:  You stay back, Sasami.

{Sasami nods and hides behind the podium on stage.  However before Ryoko can fly at Seia and
engage, another energy sword knocks hers to the side and edges against her neck.  Oniko stands
next to her and whispers in her ear.}

Oniko:  I recommend compliance, Ryoko.  Matters would be much simpler if you go along.

{Ryoko glares at Oniko through the corner of her eye as she speaks with fury.}

Ryoko:  Let me go, Oniko!  I have no problems with killing you if I have to, no matter how
	honorable you are!!

Oniko:  I'm sure you don't, Ryoko, but that doesn't change matters.

{Ayeka spins around to see Oniko's sword next to Ryoko's neck.  Seia takes this opportunity to
transmute into the black and white Kagato to then pull his red sword Key.  Ayeka hears his sword
open and pull back to swing.  She rolls to the side as Kagato-Seia brings the sword down where
she was, cutting into the floor.  When Ayeka sees Seia in Kagato's form, her mind starts racing.}

Ayeka:  Kagato...!  Could that pain be...?!

{Kagato's voice enters her mind.}

Kagato:  Truly, how different are we, Princess Ayeka...?  One day, you will know the truth...
	that we are the same...

{A shot rings out.  Oniko's sword is knocked away from Ryoko's neck allowing Ryoko to fly a short
distance from Oniko.  She looks over to the origin of the shot to find R standing with a dobergun
attached to a harness on his shoulders.  Kagato-Seia glances up and sees Oniko picking himself up
as well as the MiB agent that knocked him down.  The shot brings Ayeka out of her vision so that
she sees Kagato-Seia distracted.  She brings her cylinders into existence around Kagato-Seia and
creates a field that binds her.  Ayeka gets to her feet and moves slowly towards R, as does
Ryoko.  Kagato-Seia screams out as the static field attacks her before she changes forms into
Kain, giving her the strength to shatter the field around her.  Oniko stands taking in the status
of his adversaries while Kain-Seia glances over to Sasami's location behind the stage's podium.
Oniko glares at Kain-Seia.}

Oniko:  Leave the child alone.  She isn't part of this.

Kain-Seia:  Maybe not, but she could be used effectively in this.  {Smiles.}

Oniko:  {Scowls.}  You will not.  Understand?

Kain-Seia:  Yeah, whatever.

{Ryoko and Ayeka stand together with R nearby.  Ayeka backs away some while Ryoko prepares to
fight.}

Ryoko:  Ayeka, you rea...?

{Ryoko glances at Ayeka moving away and quickly becomes confused.}

Ryoko:  Ayeka?!  Where're you going?!

{Oniko notes the distraction and flies at Ryoko again.  R yells to Ryoko as he fires his weapon
at Oniko.}

R:  Incoming!!

{Oniko nimbly dodges R's attack when Ryoko spins around to see Oniko coming.  The two meet swords
and exchange blows when Kain-Seia teleports before R.  R is startled and fires into Kain-Seia's
body to have her only morph around the shots and not get hit.  She laughs as she lifts him up and
tosses him into the far wall.  Ayeka's eyes lock onto Kain-Seia and become filled with fear when
Kain-Seia looks over to her.}

Kain-Seia:  Come, Princess Ayeka.  You are not far from being one of us.  Come along so that our
	Lady might show you your future.

{Ayeka shuts her eyes tightly and summons the Jurai Power causing her tiara to glow bright green
when she screams out.}

Ayeka:  No!!

{A green aura appears around her waist as her pink battlesuit appears around her.  Ayeka opens
her eyes placing her hands before her and generates a green energy pulse.  Kain-Seia moves to the
side as the Jurai blast flies past her into the far wall causing a deep crater.  The shockwave
from this impact shakes the trees around them, causing the dead leaves above them in the trees to
fall down around them ominously, covering the unconscious Jurai Royal Family members around the
room.  Behind the podium, Sasami forces herself to not look back at the battle.  Tears form at
the edges of her eyes while she cringes at every impact that she hears.  She then sees the brown
and yellow leaves from above.  She picks one up and quietly speaks.}

Sasami:  My people...  my planet...

{The emblem on Sasami's forehead flashes for a moment.}

Sasami:  The fated hour...  The six warriors...

{Fade to black.}

End Scene 3

End Act 6