Dark Energy Trilogy
By William Benjamin Grilliette (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

All material of or relating to *Tenchi Muyo!* are copyrighted by Pioneer LD and AIC.
All material of or relating to *Men in Black* are copyrighted by Marvel/Malibu Comics and
	Columbia/Tristar Pictures.
All material of or relating to "Evil Pii" or "Nerti Ro" is property of William Benjamin
	Grilliette.
All material of or relating to "Angelbane duSoleil", "Cassandra duSoleil", or "Katiara duSoleil"
	is property of Jeffrey Williams.
More information about cast, plot, and story is available at http://evilpii.dorm4.org/.

Part 2:  Tenchi Muyo!:  Reunion
By William Benjamin Grilliette  (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Act 1

Scene 1

{A couple walks past a sign heading from the suburbs towards the center of an advanced city.  The
sign reads "Welcome to Carica", "Center of Scientific Research on Pentinon".  Small shuttles and
freighters fly past just above the concrete roads heading either into or out of town.  Other
people pass this happy couple without incident.  The couple is a young, blonde girl holding the
arm of a young boy with brown hair, both about eighteen years old.  She wears a white t-shirt and
red jeans that only adds to the natural beauty of her blonde hair in a waist-length pony tail
with two smaller tails of hair falling before her elfin ears.  Her grey eyes close with a subtle
smile on her face as she holds the boy's arm.  He wears a red shirt and blue jeans along with a
white cap over his short, brown hair and a grey vest over the shirt.  He has a set of sunglasses
sitting atop his cap.  His brown eyes look over to her, and a smile appears on his face from her
happiness almost glowing from her.}

Boy:  Happy to be home again, Nerti?

Nerti:  {Nods.}  Of course, Will.  {Sighs.}  It's been so long...

Pii:  {Nods.}  About three years...  {Smiles to her.}  Pierre, Lauren... even Beth's missed you.

Nerti:  {Looks back to him.}  Did you...?

Pii:  {Compassionate.}  Of course, I did.  I've spent the past three years looking for you.

{The two stop as Pii puts both his hands on Nerti's shoulders and looks directly into her eyes.}

Pii:  {Passionately.}  I thought of you night and day for those three years, and I'll never allow
	anyone to do that to you again.  I swear!

{Nerti looks back to him with a rage starting to build in her gaze.}

Nerti:  You made me that promise once before, and you couldn't keep it.

{Pii is shocked and speechless.  Nerti knocks his hands off of her shoulders as her rage
increases.}

Nerti:  You couldn't protect me!  You swore by your name as "William" that you would!  You are a
	disgrace to your name and to my memory, even to my parents' memory!!

{Pii turns away in shame and closes his eyes tightly.  Tears start to roll down his face knowing
the truth.}

Pii:  I know...  I know I don't deserve to have known you or to even... {Stops.}

{Nerti's voice changes to a synthesized variation of itself as she speaks from behind him.  Her
voice is without rage and is very calm and calculated.}

Nerti:  And, I will take revenge on you for your sins.

{Pii's eyes open slowly in surprise.  The people walking around them stop and gasp at Nerti.  A
blade sound slices the air as it is pulled into readiness.  People scream and run from Pii and
Nerti as he turns to see the beginning of his worst nightmare.  Where Nerti was, M.Nerti now
stands in her bronze armor over her silver skin with her golden hair falling around her.  In her
hands, her bronze scythe shines clean and sharp.  Her lips curl into a cruel smile as he starts
to back away from her.}

M.Nerti:  You thought I was destroyed.  Sorry, but I am Nerti Ro's curse on you for your broken
	promise.  You will never be rid of me!

{Pii's face changes into a raged expression at the sight of her.  Flying vehicles steer away from
the two as Pii rolls over the hood of a landed shuttle.  M.Nerti releases an energy blast from
the point of her scythe that impacts the ship causing it to explode.  Pii is thrown across the
street to land on the soft grass.  M.Nerti stalks toward him.  As she comes, she effortlessly
swings her scythe into landed ships slicing them brutally making some explode.  Pii rolls to his
feet and runs into a nearby grove of trees.  M.Nerti continues to follow him at her slow,
leisurely pace.}

M.Nerti:  Oh, Father.  How you like to play games with your little girl.  {Laughs.}

{An engine sound comes from the trees as Pii flies out with his metal wings extended from the
pack on his back attached to the red armor over his blue bodysuit with a black piece of material
on the left side of his face.  His black visor is over his eyes and attached to the white cap on
his head as he rockets towards her.  He reaches to his left gauntlet and pulls a sword hilt which
opens and extends to a full katana blade with the Greek letter "pi" intergrated into the hilt
design.  As this sword is held at the ready, plate metal extends on the left gauntlet making a
buckler type shield.  M.Nerti holds her scythe close to the blade with the pole against her back
in a ready stance as Pii flies at her.  M.Nerti swipes at him when he uses the shield to block
giving him the opportunity to swipe with the sword and cut her forearm off and the scythe in
half.  He swings himself around and lands on his feet behind her as she turns to him.  She sends
out metal tendrils that attach to her forearm and reattach it regenerating the damaged area while
Pii glares back at her in a battle ready stance.}

Pii:  {Rage-filled.}  You kidnapped her, you worthless machine!  You destroyed our lives!!

{In M.Nerti's refitted hand is the top half of the scythe.  She tosses it aside and looks back to
Pii.}

M.Nerti:  I see you have returned to swordplay, and you have yet to loose your edge at the art.
	{Smiles.}  Maybe now you are ready to destroy the one you hate so much.

{M.Nerti extends her arms wide as Pii runs at her with his blade leading the way.  M.Nerti gasps
and opens her eyes widely in pain when the Pi Sword enters her chest.  Pii's hardened expression
remains on her when she starts to speak difficultly.}

M.Nerti:  But, you have also killed the one you love so much...

{M.Nerti coughs up blood that rolls down the side of her mouth.  Pii looks at the blood in
confusion.  He pulls the sword out of her frame and notes not mechanical fluids on the blade, but
red human blood.  He drops the sword with a dead clank against the ground.  He looks up to
M.Nerti starting to fall to the ground.  Her expression fades as her eyes close, but Pii gasps as
her skin and hair change into real skin and hair.  As she falls, M.Nerti morphs into Nerti.  Pii
is shocked and grabs her tightly easing her to the ground.  Pii removes his headgear revealing
his true face which is emotionally tortured from this act of rage.  Pii holds her and starts to
shed tears of sorrow which fall onto her dying frame.  Nerti's eyes open weakly to him.  Pii
gazes remorsefully back to her.}

Pii:  This is all my fault...!!  God, I'm sorry, Nerti...!!

{Nerti gently raises her hand and touches his face with her soft skin.  Pii places his hand over
hers as she speaks weakly under her breath.}

Nerti:  So am I...

{Nerti receives one more shock of pain as the last of her life drains from her.  Her blood covers
the ground around them and Pii's armor as well.  Pii holds her tightly and yells to the sky.}

Pii:  Nerti!!

{Pii shoots up in bed covered in a cold sweat.  His labored breathing starts to subside as he
looks around the average teenager's room surrounding him.  He looks up to the bunk bed above him
seeing old photographs of Nerti hanging their happily smiling back at him.  He raises his hands
to the moonlight from the window and sees no blood.  He takes a deep, cleansing breath and calms
down.}

Pii:  Just a dream...  Just another dream...

{Pii gets out of the bed dressed in his boxers and tank top and takes a walk out of the room and
into the kitchen.  The house looks like one without all the benefits of galactic civilization,
apparently a Terran home.  All the clocks read "12:00 am" or "00:00" as he walks past.  He flips
on the light and grabs a glass from the cupboard.}

Pii:  Mecha-Nerti's dead...  Tenchi Masaki finished her...

{He sets the glass on the counter and opens the refrigerator taking a pitcher of juice.  He pours
a full glass's worth into the glass he set aside and replaces the pitcher.  He downs the drink
without effort and sets the glass on the counter.  His weight leans against the counter as he
thinks.}

Pii:  It's been eight months since she was destroyed, but she still haunts me...

{Pii runs his hand through his hair as he leaves the counter and shuts off the light, returning
to the room he had left.  He looks up to the upper bunk and sees a person identical to himself
save with longer hair and more hefty.  He scoffs to himself as he goes to the bottom bunk he
slept on.}

Pii:  At least I didn't wake Ben this time...

{Pii raises the sheets on one side of the bed to reveil a switch which he presses.  The lower bed
rotates lengthwise showing a cavern with a ladder.  Pii swings himself onto the ladder and climbs
down.  Once he is on the bottom of the cavern, he stands on a floor surrounded by four clean
walls with one passageway leading North from his current location.  Pii looks up and presses a
button on the wall next to the doorway causing the bed above to rotate back into place.}

Pii:  I have matters to attend to...

{White lights brighten the area and allow Pii to see his surroundings.  He walks down the
corridor before him with the lights following him as he goes.  He reaches the end of the passage
which is sealed with a door.  Next to the door is a palm reader on which he places his hand.  The
device scans his hand and opens the door.  The lights in the room illuminate a fully stocked
laboratory and machine shop.  Pii enters and shuts the door behind him.  On the wall next to the
door, his red armor hangs with a black trenchcoat next to it.  The other side of the wall is
covered in newspaper clippings which all have the names "Nerti Ro" and "Liaens" scattered
throughout.  Also, some pages from the Juraian *Legend of the Two Knights* and the *Holy
Chronicle of Jurai* hang amongst the newspaper clippings with handwritten English translations
nearby.  Pii walks past them all and sits down in a hovering chair.  He floats over to a work
table where the Pi Sword from his dream lays unfinished.  He sighs as he begins to work on the
weapon once more.}

Pii:  I'll find you, Nerti...  I swear I will...

End Scene 1

Scene 2

{Stars fly by in the emptiness of space.  Ryo-Ohki speeds through the blackness at a leisurely
pace, meowing happily as she accelerates.  A distance before her, Jurai floats silently
surrounded by her shield satellites and the dry-docked fleet of treeships.  A small Jurai frigate
approaches Ryo-Ohki, and Ryo-Ohki slows to meet it.  On Ryo-Ohki's bridge, a comwindow opens with
a familiar face looking onto those on Ryo-Ohki's bridge.  This young man wears traditional Jurai
military attire.}

Man:  This is Chizuru calling Ryoan vessel.  Identify yourself.

{Ayeka steps forward and smiles to the young man.}

Ayeka:  Chizuru, this is Ryo-Ohki.  {Smiles.}  It is good to see you again, Sagami.

Sagami:  {Nods.}  As it is to see you, Ayeka.  All well with your party?

{Behind Ayeka, Sasami runs happily up to her side.  Tenchi and Yosho stand side by side behind
the princesses while Ryoko floats in her chair behind them all with her eyes closed.  She is very
quiet and withdrawn from the Juraians in their conversation.}

Sasami:  {Nods.}  We had a fun ride!  How're you and Uncle, Sagami?

Sagami:  {Smiles at Sasami.}  We have been well, Sasami.  Father looks forward to seeing you both
	again.

Ayeka:  I am glad to hear that, though I had heard his health was poor recently.  {Worriedly.}
	Is there any truth to that?

Sagami:  {Nods.}  He has been sickly as of late, but he will live.  {Smiles some.}  He is a
	strong man.  {Pauses.}  But with the reunion starting, we should not be sad.

{Sagami's eyes move from Ayeka and Sasami to Tenchi and Yosho.  Tenchi looks up to Sagami and
cringes with a teardrop as Sagami smiles widely back at him.  Yosho laughs to himself.}

Sagami:  Hi, Tenko.  How are things?  Still single?

Tenchi:  Uh... Sagami, come on!  You know I'm a guy already!

Sagami:  {Nods his head smiling.}  I know, Tenchi.  I still think it funny that the others got
	you to wear a dress.

Tenchi:  {Sighs.}  Don't ask how.

Sagami:  {To Yosho.}  I thought you would not be attending, Lord Yosho.  You have not been to a
	reunion in a long time.

Yosho:  {Nods.}  That's right, Sagami, but I thought I'd tag along since Ayeka roped Tenchi into
	going.  {Smiles widely.}

{Tenchi teardrops heavily as does Ayeka.  Ryoko pulls her legs up to her chest and holds her legs
tightly with her arms with her head down.  Ryo-Ohki's main unit float over to her and meows
softly and questioningly, but Ryoko is still silent.  Sasami looks over to Ryoko and gets a
little worried about her.  A suboridinate comes to Sagami's side and whispers in his ear.  Sagami
nods, and the lower ranking officer leaves.}

Sagami:  Well, all our talking will have to wait until the ball tonight.  We have some orders to
	carry out first.  {Bows.}  I look forward to seeing all of you again soon.

{Tenchi, Ayeka, and Yosho all bow to Sagami.}

Ayeka:  As do we, Sagami.  Until then.

{Sagami's comwindow closes as Tenchi and Ayeka look to Ryoko.  They are both surprised to see
Ryoko still curled up in her seat paying no attention to anything.  Tenchi and Sasami both go to
Ryoko with worry written on their expressions while Ayeka watches in disbelief.  Yosho comes to
Ayeka's side, and Ayeka turns to him.}

Ayeka:  {Worried.}  Grandfather, what is wrong with Ryoko?  I have never seen her this way.

Yosho:  {Seriously.}  There's much you don't know about Ryoko, Ayeka.  She has some very bad
	memories from Jurai.

Ayeka:  What do you mean?  Was it from Kagato?

Yosho:  {Nods.}  Yes, some of this was brought on by my old friend,  {Looks to Ryoko.}  but not
	all.

{Ayeka looks back to Ryoko while Tenchi and Sasami talk to her.}

Tenchi:  {Worried.}  You alright, Ryoko?  You don't look well.

{Tenchi brushes Ryoko's hair from her forehead and puts the back of his palm against her
forehead.}

Tenchi:  You've been acting odd ever since we passed the Imperial Villa...

{Ryoko speaks up trying to hide her definite uneasiness.}

Ryoko:  I... I'm alright, Tenchi...

{Sasami looks up to Ryoko with her innocent eyes full of concern.}

Sasami:  Can we help, Ryoko?

{Ryoko looks to Sasami and smiles slightly to her shaking her head.}

Ryoko:  No, Sasami.  I'll be okay.

{Ryoko hesitantly stands up and places her hands on Ryo-Ohki's controls.  Tenchi and Sasami watch
her carefully trying to see why she is uneasy.  In Ryoko's mind, she remembers the events in this
same place three years ago.  Flashback to TM!TV #24.  Ryoko stands at the controls of Ryo-Ohki
with Tenchi and the Knights, Azaka and Kamidake behind her.  On Ryo-Ohki's main screen, Jurai
defense satellites rain beams of energy upon Ryo-Ohki's crystalline form.  Several impact
Ryo-Ohki and cause an explosion within the ship throwing Ryoko to the ground.  Tenchi runs to
Ryoko's side worried for her.}

Tenchi:  Ryoko!!

{Ryoko sits up and pushes Tenchi aside.  Her rage and anger are visible in her face and motions.}

Ryoko:  Don't you worry, Tenchi!  I swear I'll get you to Jurai's Royal Palace!  I swear it!!

{Fade from Ryoko's aggressive face to one apprehensive and even frightened as the words "I swear
it!!" echo through her mind.  Ryoko closes her eyes and speaks under her breath.}

Ryoko:  I hate Jurai...

{Cut to Ryo-Ohki passing through Jurai's defensive grid with no incident.  She approaches the
Royal Palace while Jurai fighters fly by and totally ignore her presence.  Ryo-Ohki reaches the
Palace and hovers over the landing pad before starting her final descent.  From the Palace, the
Knights Azaka and Kamidake along with the Guardians by the same names emerge and wait for the
ship to make its final sequence.  Once Ryo-Ohki has landed, the Knights and Guardians approach
the ship.  Those aboard Ryo-Ohki are teleported from her bridge to the ground before the Knights
and Guardians.  The Knights kneel before the royals.  Ayeka bows to them as does Yosho.}

Azaka (Guardian):  Welcome back to planet Jurai, Princesses Ayeka and Sasami.

Kamidake (Guardian):  Also welcome home, Princes Tenchi and Yosho.

{Sasami runs to Azaka and hugs him tightly.  Azaka smiles and hugs her back, patting her on the
back.  Ryoko is silent as she holds her arms and looks down at the ground while she leans against
the landed Ryo-Ohki.  Tenchi walks up to Kamidake and puts his hand on Kamidake's shoulder.
Kamidake looks up to Tenchi's subtle smile.}

Tenchi:  Come on, Sir Kamidake.  You don't need to bow to me.

Kamidake:  You are a direct descendent of the Jurai King.  That is enough reason for me to bow,
	my lord.

Tenchi:  I respect you just as much because you're a knight.

{Azaka stands with his arm around Sasami.  Azaka looks to Kamidake and chuckles to himself.}

Azaka:  It is alright, Kamidake.  Proper etiquette is not needed for this reunion.  We are all
	Jurai Royal Family now.  It is a time of kinship and family, not rank and status.

{Kamidake nods and stands from his kneeling stance.  Sasami giggles and runs to Kamidake grabbing
his legs happily.  Kamidake smiles and ruffles her hair.}

Yosho:  It's good to see you both doing well in this time of peace.

Azaka:  Indeed, Lord Yosho.  A quiet time for the empire is a good time for us all.

{Kamidake looks over to Ryoko leaning against Ryo-Ohki.}

Kamidake:  {Surprised.}  Brave Ryoko!  You brought them all here?

{Ryoko nods.  Azaka glances over to Ryoko with Kamidake.  Both see Ryoko's uneasiness plain on
her face and expressions as the others could.  Everyone turns to Ryoko as she looks up and sees
all their faces looking at her worried.  Ryoko closes her eyes and turns from them all.}

Ryoko:  {Coldly.}  I'll come back when the reunion's over.  You know how to contact Ryo-Ohki.

{Sasami starts for Ryoko when Azaka puts his hand on her shoulder to stop her.  Tenchi goes to
Ryoko and is about to stop her when she turns back to him.  He can see her eyes dancing with
severely mixed emotions.  Tenchi looks back in genuine concern.}

Tenchi:  Ryoko...

Ryoko:  {Slowly.}  I... can't stay, Tenchi...  I just can't...

Tenchi:  {Nods slowly.}  Alright, Ryoko...  but we're here if you...

Ryoko:  {Forces a smile.}  I know...  Tenchi...

{Ryoko closes her eyes as she fades away.  Ryo-Ohki starts to fly away while Tenchi and the
others stand there watching her go.  Onboard Ryo-Ohki, Ryoko stands on the bridge and then
collapses to her knees with her eyes shut tightly.  She sheds tears as she grimaces with anger
and fear combined.  Ryo-Ohki meows worriedly to her.  Ryoko takes a breath and lets it out
staggeredly.}

Ryoko:  I can't believe it...  I'm letting Mom get to me...

{Ryo-Ohki meows sadly in response.  Ryoko just holds herself as they fly through the stars.}

Ryoko:  Mom and Kagato...  Two reasons I hate Jurai...

{Cut to black.}

End Scene 2

Scene 3

{A small commerical zone platform floats in orbit of a heavily polluted world where various
ragtag ships are docked.  The platform itself is very ragged and worn as these type of ships pass
in and out of the establishment.  Ryo-Ohki flies up to the platform and softdocks with a docking
arm extending from the platform.  Soon after, Ryo-Ohki teleforms (teleport/transforms) inside the
docking arm.  Within the docking arm, Ryoko with Ryo-Ohki on her shoulder walks towards a
double-door leading into the platform's habit area.  Ryoko opens one of the two doors and sees
the interior of the construction: an interstellar bar filled with the local rogues from the Jurai
system sitting at various tables drinking and discussing their recent crimes or random illicit
gossip.  Once the light from the docking arm enters the darkened bar, everyone looks to the door
and sees Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki.  A sudden hush blankets everyone as they gaze upon Ryoko's powerful
beauty when she starts to walk into the bar.  As she approaches the bar, whispers of "Ryoko",
"the space pirate", and "Ryoan" float about the room.  Ryoko scans the room passively not truly
focused on anything past her private thoughts.  She sits at the bar calmly as Ryo-Ohki hops down
to the floor next to her feet.  The bartender warily approaches Ryoko and begins to speak when
Ryoko cuts him short.}

Ryoko:  Sake.  Leave the bottle.

Bartender:  {Apprehensive.}  Y... y... yes, ma'am!

{The bartender reaches under the bar and pulls out a bottle of the finest sake that he places on
the bar before Ryoko.  He pulls out a small sake cup and sets in next to the bottle before he
scurries away to a customer on the other side of the bar.  Ryoko opens the top of the bottle and
pours the clear liquor into the cup.  She takes the cup in hand and downs the first shot without
a word.  She sighs exhaling the smell of alcohol on her breath when her eyes fall upon the label
of the bottle which reads "Made on Jurai".  Ryoko scowls at the word "Jurai".}

Ryoko:  Damn Jurai...  At least they make good sake...

{Ryoko pours another cup of sake when commotions starts in the room behind her again.  The door
opens and shuts slowly as a set of light, confident footsteps approach Ryoko.  The words "bounty
hunter" and "it's her" fly nervously through the air.  Ryo-Ohki turns and meows in surprise to
see the newcomer.  Ryoko takes her cup in her hand as the new figure stops behind her.  Ryoko's
lips smile calmly as the new person speaks with a familiar female voice.}

Woman:  Heard about your acquital on Earth, Ryoko.  I never thought that you would receive a full
	pardon that easily.

{Focus on Ryoko's face as she eases the cup to her face.}

Ryoko:  Yeah, I bet your heart is just broken.  {Downs her sake.}  You wouldn't get to kill me,
	would you, Nagi?

{The camera pans to the side to see Nagi standing coldly staring at the back of Ryoko's head. 
Nagi's cowl is removed from her head, and her cape is open showing her purple uniform beneath.
Ken-Ohki sits on her shoulder and then jumps down next to her feet.  Nagi pulls out her yellow
sword and holds it at her side.  Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki both meow in surprise at Nagi's move.}

Nagi:  It is time we finished this old rivalry, Ryoko.

{Ryoko stands and turns to Nagi forming her red sword at her side as they both gaze into each
other's eyes.  Everyone else in the bar starts hastily getting up and exiting the room seeing the
coming battle.  Ryoko's gaze is unfocused and almost dreamlike, as if she does not care about the
fight.}

Ryoko:  Whatever, Nagi.  I'm too tired to care right now.

{The last stragglers from the room exit as a young man in a black trenchcoat with a white cap and
black visor walks into the bar.  The left side of his face is covered with a jagged piece of
black material that adheres to his face.  Ken-Ohki turns and recognizes the person by bristling
and hissing.  Ryo-Ohki meows in a question.  Nagi glaces over to the new person and scowls at him
with a look of disgust.}

Nagi:  Will Pii...

{Pii walks past them and sits at the bar.  Nagi turns to him and holds her sword tightly with
some anger rising.  Ryoko looks at Pii confusedly and at Nagi even more curiously as she lets her
sword vanish.  The bartender nervously goes to Pii.}

Bartender:  W... what... what would you like... sir...?

Pii:  Root beer.

Bartender:  {Confused.}  Root... beer...?

Pii:  {Sighs.}  That's right.  You don't have that in this sector of this dimension.  Never mind
	then.

{The bartender nods and then jumps the bar running at a mad rate through the door out of the bar.
Nagi raises her sword pointed at Pii's neck while he remains surprisingly calm.}

Nagi:  What are you doing here, Pii?

Pii:  Thought I would see who you were after this time.  Maybe there'd be something for me out of
	it.

Ryoko:  {Smiles to herself.}  Sounds like a bounty hunter.

Nagi:  {To Ryoko.}  You stay out of this, Ryoko!  {To Pii.}  As for you, this is a personal
	matter and has nothing to do with you!

{Ryoko quirks and eyebrow at Nagi's explanation of the duel as Pii replies.}

Pii:  I'm sure it is, but I also know your resources are a little more extensive than mine are.
	I thought you might have some information on a couple people I'm looking for.

Nagi:  Let me guess.  One of them is Nerti Ro, right?

Pii:  {Nods.}  Yes.

Ryoko:  {Confused.}  Nerti Ro?  The girl that built that metal robot from half a year ago?

Pii:  {Nods.}  The same.

Ryoko:  What would you want with her?

Pii:  {With some impertanence.}  Like you and Nagi here, that's a personal matter and none of
	your business.

{Pii stands and turns to face Ryoko and Nagi.  Nagi lowers her sword to her side, but the blade
remains at the ready.}

Pii:  Look.  If you don't have any information on Nerti or a man named Liaens, then I don't have
	any business here.

Nagi:  {Shakes her head.}  I do not have anything about either, but you do have some debts to pay
	for your interference in my bounty hunting!

Pii:  {Scoffs sarcastically.}  Oh, your bounty hunting?  Last I checked, bounty hunting was a
	first-come-first-served business.  Can I help it if you're slow?

{Nagi starts to fume while Ryoko starts to laugh behind her back.  Pii turns away from them and
starts for the door.  Ken-Ohki stops bristling and hops over to Ryo-Ohki's side.}

Pii:  You two can't help me so I'll be leaving.

{Before Pii can get halfway to the door, a blast of energy rings out and hurls him back into the
bar near Ryoko and Nagi.  Ryoko forms her energy sword while Nagi holds her blade before her at
the ready.  Ryoko and Nagi both look up and face the door.  They both look around the entrance as
see no one.  However, on the ground is a black shadow of a man of many years wearing a cape
around his shoulders.}

Ryoko:  Hell was that?!

Nagi:  More like "Who was that"!  {To the entrance.}  Who is there?!

{A deep male voice comes from the entrance of the bar and echos through the room so that his true
location cannot be found.  The shadow then moves into the other shadows and is gone.}

Man:  Two of the most famous Ryoan rebels of all time.  I knew today's hunt would be a promising
	one.  {Laughs to himself.}

Ryoko:  {Confused.}  Rebel Ryoans?!  What are you talking about?!  I'm not rebelling against my
	homeworld!

{Pii gets to his feet and pulls his completed Pi Sword from beneath the trenchcoat joining Ryoko
and Nagi's defense.}

Man:  But, you are.  You are rebelling against who you were born to be, Ryoko.

{Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki both hop forward and show their anger when a wave of strong wind blows
them through a table and onto the floor unconscious.  Ryoko and Nagi both are shocked and shaken
into rage at this.}

Ryoko:  Ryo-Ohki!!  {Looks around.}  You bastard!!  If you want to hurt someone, try hurting me!!

Nagi:  How dare you touch Ken-Ohki!!  I will slice off the hand that did this!!

Pii:  {Yells out.}  Liaens!!  You and I have business!  Leave these two out of it!!

Liaens:  Oh, but my dear boy.  They are more a part of this "business", as you call it, than you
	are.  {Laughs to himself.}  However, I am flattered that you could remember my name after
	such a long time.

Ryoko:  {To Pii.}  Who is this guy?

Pii:  {Rage filling his expression.}  The man that ruined my life and Nerti's life...!

Liaens:  Are you so sure of that?  None of you know the truth of history.  {An evil glee enters.}
	You will have to be... reeducated like Ro was.

{Right before them, a man with a great brown beard and spiked hair smiling at them with steel
eyes having cross-shaped irises.  He is shrouded in a black cape with a smaller green shoulder
cape over it.  His red and blue uniform is crisscrossed with golden circuit patterns that flow
with power.  Ryoko, Nagi, and Pii all swipe at the man to have their blows reflect off a shield
surrounding his body.  Liaens raises a finger and sends an energy bolt into Pii's left gauntlet
damaging a specific set of controls.  Pii looks down to the panel as it blinks back "Prepare for
Dimensional Gateway...".  Pan up to Pii's surprised face as a dimensional gate opens beneath him,
Ryoko, and Nagi.  All three scream as they fall through.  Liaens laughs as he vanishes from sight
when the gateway closes.  Pan over to Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki unconscious on the barroom floor and
fade to black.}

End Scene 3

End Act 1