Dark Energy Trilogy
By William Benjamin Grilliette (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

All material of or relating to *Tenchi Muyo!* are copyrighted by Pioneer LD and AIC.
All material of or relating to *Men in Black* are copyrighted by Marvel/Malibu Comics and
	Columbia/Tristar Pictures.
All material of or relating to "Evil Pii" or "Nerti Ro" is property of William Benjamin
	Grilliette.
All material of or relating to "Angelbane duSoleil", "Cassandra duSoleil", or "Katiara duSoleil"
	is property of Jeffrey Williams.
More information about cast, plot, and story is available at http://evilpii.dorm4.org/.

Part 2:  Tenchi Muyo!:  Reunion
By William Benjamin Grilliette  (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Act 7

Scene 1

{Jezibel stands in her chambers with her eyes closed and her lips in her trademark, malevolent
smirk.  In the distance, struggling can be heard as Nagi, held by the machine, is brought
through the entrance to the room and before Jezibel.  Nagi glares at Jezibel while she still
appears crucified upon the robot's outline.  The subtle greening lighting the the empty room
highlight Nagi and Jezibel's forms as they face each other.  Jezibel steps forward laughing
under her breath.}

Jezibel:  Seems as though I can complete this saga right now, does it not?

{Jezibel grabs Nagi's chin and holds her face directly before her own as her eyes open.  Nagi
tries to pull away, but Jezibel's grip holds firm.}

Jezibel:  Killing you will make the Angelfire prophecy impossible.  My Lady will be quite
	pleased with my success here.

{Nagi spits in Jezibel's face.  Jezibel cringes and turns her face upon impact.}

Nagi:  You can join your Lady in hell, Jezibel!  No one controls my destiny!

{Jezibel reopens her eyes from the cringe with an enraged gaze while Nagi continues.}

Nagi:  Especially not an honorless, insidious, and insane woman such as yourself!!

{Jezibel's hand impacts Nagi's face leaving a red mark.  The robot pulls Nagi back while Jezibel
pulls out a kerchef and wipes her face off.  Nagi just smiles while her glare remains aimed on
Jezibel.}

Nagi:  Yes, I see it now.  You have always had the advantage over your opponents on your mental
	plane.  I resisted you, and you lost me to Cassandra duSoleil.  You pulling me here is to
	serve your own pride, not your Lady's ambition.

{Jezibel glares over her shoulder at Nagi, who continues her degrading speech.}

Nagi:  You are truly pathetic, Jezibel.  You are not even worthy to clean this bastard of
	Jurai's boots.

{Jezibel turns back to Nagi held by the machine.  Jezibel's voice is no longer confident and
calm, but dark and hate-filled.}

Jezibel:  Release her.

{The machine looses its grip from Nagi and floats away, out of the chambers.  Nagi looks back to
Jezibel who pushes her cloak to the side with her right hand.  Jezibel's face, though beautiful,
now has a distinctly hideous rage growing.}

Jezibel:  Seems you were raised by the Jurai Royal Family.  Only they could be so contemptful
	and still retain their dignity.

{Nagi pulls her whip and sword and steps toward Jezibel with her blade aimed at Jezibel's neck.}

Nagi:  My heritage means nothing.  You tried to kill my father, and that I will never excuse!

{Jezibel suddenly smirks when the robot shoots from its position and lashes at Nagi.  Nagi
quickly spins around with her sword to block the robot's hand.  She winces and puts her left
hand on her upper right arm.  As she pulls her hand away from that arm, red blood colors the
purple cloth and warms her hand.  Jezibel laughs when Nagi looks up to her.}

Jezibel:  I may not be worthy of cleaning your boots, "Lady Nagi".  However, I am intelligent
	enough to murder you without much issue.

{The automaton's fingers on the hand Nagi did not block are stained with her mixed blood.  It
stands and turns back to Nagi.}

Jezibel:  Beautiful, is it not?  It is not as powerful as the original Mecha-Nerti was, but it
	is enough to kill a Ryo-Jurai half-breed like yourself.

{Nagi looks at her bloody hand.  In her mind, she recalls the blood red suit Ryoko wore to fly
to Jurai three years ago.  Ryoko's voice enters Nagi's mind.}

Ryoko:  It'll protect you when you're in danger, like it's done for me the past two years.

{The automaton swings at Nagi again when a golden disk emerges from the neckplate she was given
by Ryoko.  The robot's talons hit the disk and are disintegrated as the disk remaps Nagi's
attire into a purple battlesuit much like Ayeka's pink suit, save the ring is around her right
arm, not her left.  Nagi spins around and slices the machine through its torso, splitting it in
half.  Nagi turns back to Jezibel who is clapping mildly.}

Jezibel:  Bravo, bastard child!  However, you forget one minor matter of the Mecha-Nerti series!

{Jezibel points to the remains of the automaton, which rejoin into not just the automaton again,
but this one has Nerti's own face staring coldly back at Nagi.  Nagi wraps her whip around this
new M.Nerti's neck and puts her sword's tip in its face.  The machine looks up as Nagi fires an
energy blast from the tip of her blade through the robot's head.  It falls while Nagi jumps into
the air to avoid Jezibel's hand, aimed at her neck.  Nagi wraps her whip around Jezibel's throat
and pulls causing Jezibel to grab at the purple line.  The line is cut.  Nagi's gaze darts over
to the regenerating machine as Jezibel is given the chance to breathe.  Jezibel glares ragefully
as she gathers green energy into her hand.  Nagi darts away from Jezibel as that green energy
pulse flies after her and is easily dodged.  Nagi lands a distance away and takes a battle
stance with her sword and whip at the ready.  Jezibel and this M.Nerti 2 approach her slowly.
Nagi speaks to herself very quietly, almost prayer-like.}

Nagi:  {To herself.}  Father...  watch over me...

{Pan over to Jezibel's face, which has reverted to its usual confidence.  Next to her,
M.Nerti 2's face is cold and calculating.  Fade from this visage to the true face of Nerti Ro,
full of concern, aboard Ken-Ohki.  Her hands rest on controls similar to those found on Ryo-Ohki
as she steers the crystalline ship through the squadrons of ships surrounding her and Ken-Ohki.
Outside, Ken-Ohki flies through a flock of enemy ships and opens fire from behind them,
destroying them all.  Onboard, Nerti's eyes close as she speaks softly.}

Nerti:  I can't believe I created all this destruction...

{Ken-Ohki meows at her questioningly.  Nerti nods.}

Nerti:  That's right... I designed them all...

{Ken-Ohki meows again in warning causing Nerti's eyes to pop open and see the display before
her.  The display shows several ships quickly surrounding Ken-Ohki, each preparing to open fire.
Nerti's grey eyes dart from side to side looking for an escape but finds none.  Her nervousness
only increases as Ken-Ohki rockets in the midst of the enemy ships.  Nerti's mind races through
the possibilities, only becoming more distressed.}

Nerti:  Surrounded...!  No way out...!

{The ships start taking shots at Ken-Ohki while the white ship avoids them well enough, with a
few impacting his shields.  Nerti's hands slip from the controls.}

Nerti:  {Softly.}  I can't do this... I'm not warrior... This isn't me...!  I shouldn't be
	here...!!

{A red blast destroys an entire group of fighters before Ken-Ohki providing a means of escape.
The ship flies through the gap to find Ryo-Ohki waiting.  The two ships then pair and fly a
distance away while the enemy also start to regroup.  A window opens on Ken-Ohki's bridge with
Cassandra's face upon it, her voice coming from it full of worry.}

Cassandra:  Nerti, are you alright?

{Nerti just looks at the ground in silence.}

Cassandra:  Nerti...?  What's wrong?

{Nerti's voice can barely be heard as she replies.}

Nerti:  I'm sorry, Cass...  I can't destroy like this...

{Cassandra watches as tears start to fall from Nerti's eyes onto the floor before her hands
raise up over her eyes.}

Nerti:  I'm not a fighter!  I never was!  I can't do this!!

{Cassandra's empathy reaches out to her as she speaks.}

Cassandra:  Nerti, I know you weren't born to do this.  No one really is.  I'll be the first one
	to tell you that.

{Nerti's sobs slow as she looks from behind her fingers to Cassandra.}

Nerti:  What about Will?  He's so much stronger than I am.  He protected me in the SA and...

{Cassandra sighs and closes her eyes.}

Cassandra:  I know that, dear, but you have to remember that he had to.  {Opens her eyes.}
	Those three years you were lost to him, he was looking for you with a passion that even
	I've rarely seen.  The only other time I remember seeing a look on a man's face like his
	was on my Angelbane when he was much younger.  You know Will isn't a fighter by nature
	either.

{Nerti listens in silence as she lets her hands go to her sides while she remains silently
standing on Ken-Ohki's bridge.  Cassandra's voice is still kind but becomes a little softer as
she calls Nerti's name.}

Cassandra:  Look at me, Nerti Ro.

{Nerti looks up to Cassandra again.  Cassandra looks directly into Nerti's eyes as she
continues.}

Cassandra:  I've seen what memory you still have, Nerti.  I do know that Oniko taught you how to
	fight with that scythe, as well as other combat techniques.  You just need to remember the
	strength you do have...

{Cassandra pauses and closes her eyes while her voice loses its sullen tone.}

Cassandra:  And remember how much that boy loves you.

{Nerti is taken aback and blushes a subtle red on her cheeks.}

Nerti:  He...?

Cassandra:  {Nods.}  Otherwise, he never would have been after you for so long.  {Opens her
	eyes.}  Nerti, do him the honor of keeping yourself safe while he helps take care of those
	who hurt you, just like he did in the SA.  Alright?

{Nerti's blush fades away as she closes her eyes.}

Nerti:  I'm not a warrior, Cass...

Cassandra:  You are in your own way, Nerti.  You just have to know what to fight for.

{Cassandra glances back at the window displaying the enemy ships approaching them in an
offensive posture.}

Cassandra:  Ryo-Ohki and I need you and Ken-Ohki.  Ken-Ohki, I know, is willing to fight with
	Ryo-Ohki.  He just needs you to help him accomplish that, alright?

{Cassandra faces Nerti again.}

Cassandra:  Think of it as taking back the life they took from you.  I know that you lost so
	much then.  This is your chance to take it back.

{Nerti looks back to the screen with the approaching fleet.  Her eyes close as she takes a deep
breath and releases it.  Her eyes reopen with a glare in them.  Cassandra nods to her.}

Cassandra:  Be careful, my youthful girl...

{Cassandra's face fades from Ken-Ohki's window as Nerti places her hands on Ken-Ohki's controls
again.  Ken-Ohki meows in question.  Nerti's voice is kind as her expression fades back to
kindness.}

Nerti:  I'll help you get your master back.   I promise.

{Ken-Ohki meows as the ship moves forward and charges his weapons.  As a voiceover, Nerti speaks
while the white ship streaks into battle.}

Nerti:  And, I'll take my life back...!

{Ken-Ohki flies beside Ryo-Ohki as the two split off and flank the fighter group.  The two open
their weapons into a crossfire with the enemy inbetween.  Cut from Ryo-Ohki's red attack to
Ryoko's red sword clashed with Oniko's.  She pushes against Oniko's blade with all her might
while he easily holds her at bay.  Oniko's words go to Ryoko quietly while they are this close.}

Oniko:  You do know why we're here, don't you?

{Ryoko's glare remains hard into his eyes as she replies at a normal volume.}

Ryoko:  You're trying to conquer Jurai!  That's not exactly tough to see!

{Ryoko knocks Oniko away and swipes at him again.  His red sword clashes against Ryoko's and
stops it from cutting his side.}

Oniko:  You spent too much time in the Jurai regions, Ryoko!  You've forgotten your heritage!

{Ryoko glare sets into a scowl as if she were just insulted.}

Ryoko:  I haven't forgotten anything of my parents!  How dare you even think that!!

{Ryoko teleports behind Oniko and jabs her sword at him.  Oniko dodges to the side and allows
his sword to vanish.  He takes his star-tipped spear in his hands and awaits Ryoko again.}

Oniko:  You have no idea what I mean, do you?  I'm not talking about your parents at all, Ryoko!
	I mean your heritage as a Ryoan woman!

Ryoko:  If you mean all that temple garbage, then hell yes!  I've forgotten it!!

{Oniko sighs and shakes his head.}

Oniko:  Naive girl...

Ryoko:  What are you talking about?!

{Oniko looks up to Ryoko.}

Oniko:  Defeat me, Ryoko.  Then I'll tell you.  I'll tell you everything that you'd need to
	know.

{Ryoko reverts her sword into an energy ball and lobs it at Oniko.}

Ryoko:  That suits me just fine!!

{Oniko knocks the blast away with his spear and flies at Ryoko with the tip leading the way.
Ryoko flips over him and reforms her sword.  Oniko spins around and blocks her first swipe.
Ryoko looks at Oniko's eyes and sees not hatred or anger, but a calmness, not unlike Tenchi's
eyes.  This confuses her putting her offguard enough for Oniko to knock her away.  Across the
room, Kain-Seia glances to Ryoko and Oniko with a sneer while she speaks under her breath.}

Kain-Seia:  Damn you, Oniko...!  You are a threat to our whole purpose here...!!

{A green blast flies at her, but Kain-Seia steps to the side allowing it to miss and hit the
walls of the Jurai Palace.  Kain-Seia glances back to see Ayeka breathing hard in her pink
uniform, her tiara glowing a bright green lighting her eyes which are filled with anger.
Kain-Seia smiles to herself as she turns to Ayeka.}

Kain-Seia:  So, you are still the pest, Princess Ayeka.  Come now.   There is no reason for you
	to fight us any longer.

{Ayeka forms her field logs around herself as she steps towards Kain-Seia.  Her voice is solid
and firm in its resoluteness.}

Ayeka:  I will not join you, no matter the temptation or the lies you place in my mind, Seia.

{Kain-Seia just laughs.}

Kain-Seia:  That I placed in your mind?!  You stupid Juraian!!  I am not a telepath!!

{Ayeka freezes in her tracks in surprise while Kain-Seia just continues to laugh.  Kain-Seia
reverts to Seia's original child form.}

Seia:  You thought that just because I finished your sentence when Oniko and I arrived that I
	was the source of the darkness on your heart?!

{Seia laughs again.  Ayeka scowls some towards Seia.}

Ayeka:  If the darkness on my heart is not from you, then what is it?  You must know!

{Seia smiles to herself as she looks back to Ayeka.}

Seia:  You know already, Princess of Jurai.  You are just the same as he was all that time ago.

{Ayeka's eyes open in realization.}

Ayeka:  No...  No, not him...!!

{Seia morphs into Kagato's form and produces his sword.  Ayeka yells out as she quickly moves
her field logs around Kagato-Seia.}

Ayeka:  I am not you, Kagato!!

{Kagato-Seia swipes with her sword destroying all the logs before she takes to the air and flies
at Ayeka.  Ayeka ducks and rolls to the side as Kagato-Seia passes.  She then raises her hands
and begins to generate a Jurai Pulse when Kagato-Seia grabs her hands.  Ayeka's pulse fades.  In
Kagato-Seia's grip, Ayeka's hands feel as if they were being crushed as she screams out in pain.
Ryoko crosses her sword with Oniko's spear when she hears Ayeka and glances over to see
Kagato-Seia pulling her sword back to strike.  Ryoko's shock is heard in her words as she speaks
under her breath.}

Ryoko:  Ayeka...!!

{Ryoko quickly pushes Oniko away and throws her sword into Kagato-Seia's hand.  Kagato-Seia
drops her blade and releases Ayeka while Oniko appears next to Ryoko and whaps her down into the
ground with the broadside of his spear.  Kagato-Seia cradles her hand and glares over to Ryoko
only to smile as she sees Oniko land and slowly stalk towards Ryoko while she tries to sit up
holding her side.  Ayeka looks up to Kagato-Seia who looks back to her with an evil smile on her
lips.}

Kagato-Seia:  Too late now, princess.

{Kagato-Seia reaches down towards Ayeka.  Cut to black.}

End Scene 1

Scene 2

{A corridor on Liaens's ship shakes with the shockwaves of powerful explosions while pieces of
the metal warriors are thrown through the passage.  When the smoke clears, Yosho and the two
Knights can be seen running past the remains on the ground.  In the lead is Kamidake with Yosho
and Azaka close behind.  Azaka looks at the ruined machines and takes on a worried expression.}

Azaka:  There are quite a few of these machines onboard...

{Azaka's gaze moves over to Yosho's face which is focused on Kamidake ahead of them.  Azaka
faces forward again while he speaks quietly to Yosho.}

Azaka:  I see you are worried about him also, Lord Yosho...

Yosho:  {Nods.}  He's taken Nagi's disappearance too personally...

{Cut to Kamidake's face, intense and focused, as he continues through the corridor.}

Azaka:  Kamidake always was more passionate about his orders than me or anyone else in our
	generation...

{Ahead of them, another troop of automatons stand waiting their approach.  Kamidake stops and
stabs his staff into the ground while the headpiece glows a deep red.  A shield aura appears
around him and then shatters into sword-sized blades that fly ahead of him, impacting several of
the enemy before him directly through the chest.  Kamidake pulls his staff from the ground and
continues on ahead into a further fray.  He impales one machine with his staff's headpiece when
the remaining machines surround him.  Kamidake turns to see a metal hand headed for his head
when a bokken blade slices through the automaton's forearm.  Yosho raises his hand to the
automaton's chest and releases an energy blast, destroying its power core.  From the air, Azaka
lands next to Kamidake and charges a blast in the headpiece of his staff as he points it towards
a file of enemy.  Blue energy explodes from Azaka's staff and rams its way through the chests of
the entire file.  Yosho summons a white aura around himself which he then focuses into his
hands.  With a subtle motion, this powerful, white blast is released from his hands and mows
down the remaining enemy.  When the dust of the fighting settles, the three stand firm
surrounded by the remains of their enemies.  Azaka looks past all the metallic carnage to see a
sealed door which was masked by the flanks of adversaries they had just laid upon the floor.
Yosho starts for the door.}

Yosho:  That must be the door to the Aelins Reactor that Ms Ro told us about.

{Kamidake follows him as does Azaka.}

Kamidake:  {Concerned.}  Then, let us be done with it quickly.  Lady Nagi may be in serious
	danger by now.

Azaka:  Agreed.

{When the three reach the door, Yosho notices a small, numerical keypad next to the door.}

Azaka:  A coded lock...?  If this is Ms Ro's device, the code should have something to do with
	her.  Should it not?

Kamidake:  But, she was under the mental manipulation of Jezibel Kimitan.  It is possible that
	we could not know the access without first facing her.

Yosho:  I don't believe so, Kamidake

{Yosho uses the keys to enter the number "-1"  and then presses the "ENTER" key.  The door's
seals are broken as the panel slides to the side revealing a tall pillar in the center of the
chamber, part of which is transparent where a black fire can be seen suspended flaring in all
directions.  Yosho turns back to the two Knights.}

Yosho:  Nerti Ro cares deeply for that boy known as "Evil Pii".  It follows that his name would
	be the code to open the door.

{Azaka's eyes light up as he realizes the connection.}

Azaka:  Ah, I see!  The abbreviation would be "E Pii" or if you replace add the right symbols,
	"e raises to the pi times i power".

Yosho:  Which is negative one.  Jezibel's control on her was near to absolute but could never
	erase who she was.

{The three walk into the room and stand before the Aelins Reactor as each examines the large
generator searching for a weakness.  Yosho's eyes lock onto the black mass flaring within the
confines of the reactor's transparent region.  His face becomes grim watching the dance of the
black fire.}

Yosho:  There is the heart of the beast.

{Azaka and Kamidake follow Yosho's gaze and look into the blackness also.  All their voices
become quiet as they watch the flickering shadows within.}

Azaka:  Is that the "darkness of the universe" that Kagato spoke of?

Yosho:  I don't know, but it does feel the same as the machines we just destroyed.

{Kamidake raises his staff and steps towards the reactor, determined as ever.}

Kamidake:  Then, I will be rid of this abominable machine now.

{Yosho puts his hand on Kamidake's shoulder stopping him.  Kamidake looks back to Yosho and
Azaka with their concern focused on him.}

Yosho:  Calm yourself, Kamidake.  If you rush into this, it may well destroy you, or worse.

Azaka:  Lord Yosho is right, my friend.  If this is the dark power Kagato spoke of, then neither
	of us want the same to happen to you.

Kamidake:  But, if we don't hurry, Lady Nagi will...!

Yosho:  We know you're worried about Nagi, but that's no excuse to ignore your responsibilities
	as a knight of Jurai.

Azaka:  {Nods.}  Yes, emperor, planet, people... That is what we have lived by since we took the
	mantle of "knight".

{Kamidake sighs hard and lowers his staff.  Yosho removes his hand from Kamidake's shoulder and
steps foreward towards the Aelins Reactor confidently.}

Yosho:  But, together, we should be able to destroy this device.

{Kamidake looks up to Yosho as does Azaka while Yosho looks back at them.  Azaka nods while
Kamidake has a hopeful smile begin to cross his face.  The two Knights dash to flanking
positions before Yosho while Yosho himself clasps his hands together.  A white aura surrounds
Yosho as the Jurai Power surrounds and envelops his entire body.  Azaka and Kamidake both are
surrounded in a white lightning that arcs across their forms while they twirl their staves,
gathering the energy into the headpiece of each respective staff.  Both headpieces glow its
respective color when Azaka and Kamidake clash their staves together, aimed at the Aelins
Reactor.  The two glance back to Yosho who suddenly focuses all that collected energy in his
body into his hands which he draws back and then pushes forward releasing all that energy
directly into the headpieces of the Knights' staves.  The two Knights look at each other and nod
before facing forward again and rocketing the enormous amount of power built up in their weapons
directly for the Aelins Reactor's core.  The blast shatters through the glass and impacts the
dark energy within whereupon a red-blue barrier appears between the two masses of energy.  The
three on the ground face each other in concern.}

Yosho:  It's no longer safe here!  Let's go!

{The three quickly run out of the chamber while the division between the energies starts to emit
sparks of red and blue along with arcs of lightning along the walls.  The chamber shakes
violently when Yosho, Azaka, and Kamidake reach the outer door of the chamber.  Azaka goes to
the keypad next to the door and begins sealing the reactor's chamber while Yosho watches the
fireworks within with a grim expression.}

Yosho:  {To himself.}  The darkness of the universe...  so it's true after all...

{Kamidake spins from the two of them and runs into the distance with a focused look on his face.
Yosho spins around to see him go.  He only nods to Kamidake.}

Yosho:  {To himself.}  Take care, Kamidake...  Bring her back safe...

{The doors finally seal when a silence surrounds them.  Yosho and Azaka look at each other and
then crouch as a shockwave passes over them and the rest of the ship causing shattering lights
and ripples in the deckplates.  Fade to black which opens as an eye to see Kagato-Seia reaching
down towards Ayeka.  Cut over to Ayeka backing away in fear on her back from Kagato-Seia while
Kagato-Seia just smiles in her sadism standing over the princess.}

Kagato-Seia:  Just let me taste your blood... That great Jurai Power you possess, Princess
	Ayeka...

{A burst of flame next to Kagato-Seia sends her flying to the side while the loss of
concentration causes her to revert to her usual child-like form before she craters into a nearby
wall.  Ayeka looks across the ball room to the source of the blast, R holding his dobergun with
both arms.  He then just drops the gun and breathes deeply.  Oniko glances at R who passes out
in a heap when Ryoko looks up from the ground to see Oniko distracted.  She takes the
opportunity and teleports behind him.  Before Oniko can spin around to her, Ryoko forms her
sword against Oniko's neck and wraps her free arm around his chest to hold him fast.  She
whispers into his ear now.}

Ryoko:  {Whispers.}  Now tell me what you promised...

{Oniko smiles to himself, much to Ryoko's surprise.}

Oniko:  {Whispers.}  Alright, Ryoko...  daughter of Ryoshu...

{While Ryoko holds Oniko, Ayeka stands and turns to see Seia pulling herself up from the hole
she was knocked into.  Ayeka glares and raises her hands to generate an energy pulse while her
field logs appear around Seia.  Seia clears her head and glances over to Oniko, who is speaking
quietly to Ryoko.}

Oniko:  My mission was to train the girl Nerti Ro and ensure that she would be ready for her
	true purpose.  I also was ordered to kill you and your sister.

Ryoko:  Why?  What do me, Nagi, and Nerti have to do with anything?

Oniko:  The prophecy of the Angel of Fire, Ryoko.  That is what my Lady fears the most.  She
	will do anything to stop that from coming true, even kill her own people, including you,
	Nagi... even me, one who wanted in the past to be her priest.  The two of you are a large
	part of this, even though you don't realize it.

Ryoko:  So, what's this purpose for Nerti Ro anyway?

{Seia becomes sorely enraged but cringes as Ayeka's field holds her fast.  Ayeka angles her
hands to aim at Seia's fixed position.}

Ayeka:  Do not move, Seia!  You are in no position to interfere, and I will not let you become
	free again!

{Seia screams out to Oniko as she struggles to free herself from Ayeka's field.}

Seia:  Oniko, you fool!!  You traitor!!  You... bastard Ryoan!!

{Oniko ignores Seia and continues with Ryoko.}

Oniko:  Our Lady needed a specific lineage of warrior to accomplish her plans in this world.
	Nerti Ro is a direct descendent of the lineage that our Lady requires.  She, as well as
	only one other, have the genetics and power necessary, but I can't let that innocent girl
	be used like that.  I can't let her die just to let our Lady's ambitions be realized.

Ryoko:  Who is your "Lady", Oniko?

{Seia starts to change forms as she disappears from Ayeka's field.  Ayeka loses her energy pulse
and starts searching for Seia, first calling out to warn Ryoko.}

Ayeka:  Ryoko!  Seia is free!!

{Ryoko does not hear Ayeka while she is focused on Oniko's words.}

Oniko:  Her name is...!!

{Ryoko and Oniko both feel a sharp pain in their sides as Oniko doubles over, feeling the most
of this pain.  Oniko's spear falls from his hand and clanks against the floor.  Ryoko's sword
vanishes as she weakly looks over her shoulder to see a black and white version of herself
gazing back, Ryoko-Seia.  This monochrome Ryoko smiles as she speaks.}

Ryoko-Seia:  Just business, my dear.  I could not allow him to give away too much to you about
	your future.

{Ryoko slowly moves her gaze down to see a red sword from Ryoko-Seia's hand blazing through
Oniko's size and grazing her own.  Ayeka yells out to Ryoko.}

Ayeka:  Ryoko!!

{Ryoko teleports away with Oniko in her arms over next to R.  She lays him down while he weakly
looks back at her.  She supports herself with her forearm against the wall while holding her
wound with her other hand.}

Oniko:  I'm sorry, Ryoko...  Be on guard against the darkness...  the darkness that spawned our
	people...

{Ryoko gasps as Oniko closes his eyes.}

Ryoko:  Oniko, wait!!  What do you mean?!

{A dead leaf falls on Oniko's face, but he moves no more.  Ryoko-Seia laughs as Ryoko's saddened
eyes lose that sad expression for an enraged one.  Though injured, Ryoko forces herself to a
standing position and forms her sword.  Ayeka's field logs appear around Ryoko-Seia, but
Ryoko-Seia quickly flies out and throws the instrument of Oniko's death at Ayeka.  Ayeka's
shield around herself blocks the sword when Ryoko-Seia teleports right in front of her and
blasts Ayeka in her shoulder sending her down.  Ryoko-Seia glares at Ayeka.}

Ryoko-Seia:  Maybe that will jog your memory some, princess.  This is your last chance to take
	Oniko's place before I kill you for your interference in my affairs.

{Ayeka holds her shoulder and looks back to Ryoko-Seia when her memory finally recalls.  Her
mind takes her back to the monster Illirg from the incident in Manhattan.  Illirg stands tall
before her and sends a blast into her shoulder strong enough that it put her into a coma.
Ayeka's voice is uneasy as it replies to Ryoko-Seia.}

Ayeka:  Illirg...?

{Ryoko-Seia just nods and smiles some.}

Ryoko-Seia:  About time you figured it out.

{A series of blasts hit Ryoko-Seia and blow her away from Ayeka.  Ryoko flies after her, and the
two lock swords.  Ryoko-Seia ragefully glares at Ryoko.}

Ryoko-Seia:  Ryoan bitch!  Throwing your life away so quickly!

Ryoko:  What?!  And wait so you can kill me just like you killed Oniko, helpless to defend
	himself?!

Ryoko-Seia:  If need be, but it seems that you, like he, has to know the truth about your race
	before you will understand.

{Ryoko-Seia's sword burns brighter as her clothes lose their color and turn completely black.
Marks of rage blacken both sides of her face while her irises melt away into an eye of sheer
shadow.  Seia's voice gains a male echo as she speaks to Ryoko.}

Seia:  This is what your race would be if you would only accept what our Lady has planned.

{Seia's blade shatters Ryoko's, sending the energy shards into Ryoko's extremities.  Ryoko backs
away in pain with her clothes torn when Seia kicks her away, towards the podium on the stage,
behind which Sasami has been hiding from sight.  Ryoko hits the podium and loses all
consciousness. Sasami peaks out from behind the podium to see Ryoko severely injured.}

Sasami:  Ryoko!!

{Sasami looks up to Seia and gasps as the dark warrior approaches.}

Seia:  There you are, child.  I think you can help me against your sister.

{Ayeka pushes herself up to see Sasami in danger she yells out to Seia.}

Ayeka:  Seia!  Leave Sasami alone!!

{Seia just scoffs at Ayeka while she continues forward to Sasami.  Ayeka raises her hand to Seia
and releases a pulse of Jurai Power.  Upon impact, the blast rocks Seia some but does not injure
her as she continues towards Sasami.  Ayeka screams out to Sasami.}

Ayeka:  Sasami!  Run!  Get away!!

{Sasami stands and starts to run when Seia teleports before her and grabs the child in her arms.
Sasami yells out to Ayeka.}

Sasami:  Ah!!  Ayeka!  Help!!

{Seia laughs at Ayeka while tears start to form in Ayeka's eyes.}

Seia:  Since you will not let me taste your blood, Ayeka, I'll just drain your sister.  She,
	after all, is more powerful than you, so I have heard.

{Ayeka pleads to Seia in a cracking tone of voice.}

Ayeka:  Please stop!  She is only a girl!  Take me instead!  Please!!

Seia:  {Smiles again.}  Too late, princess.

{The tears break in Ayeka's eyes as Seia's hand reverts to its normal clawed state and places
its points against Sasami's neck.  Ayeka screams in horror at Seia and shuts her eyes tightly.}

Ayeka:  No!!

{A flash of bright white light envelops the room, and Ayeka hears two thuds.  She opens her
weeping eyes to see Seia imbedded in a wall of the stage and Sasami unharmed a distance away
sobbing in her hands.  Ayeka determinedly gets herself to a standing position where she takes
off her tiara allowing her hair to fall more freely around her face.  She takes the Key in her
hands and points the two earpieces at Seia.  Ayeka's tiara glows a brilliant green that only
continues to grow in brightness as the collects more energy.  A pink orb appears and grows
between the earpieces of the tiara while Ayeka glares at Seia, who begins to slowly regain her
senses.  Ayeka calls out to Seia.}

Ayeka:  Die, abomination!!

{The orb reaches from earpiece to earpiece when Ayeka releases it into a beam that immediately
widens to one meter in diameter.  Seia looks up to see the beam coming and has no time to speak
before she is completely mauled by the release of energy.  Ayeka's eyes close as she collapses
on the floor, exhausted from the ordeal.  Sasami raises her face from her hands and looks around
the room in horror at all the carnage from Seia while yellow and red leaves fall from above onto
Ryoko and Ayeka's motionless forms due to the massive attack Ayeka released.}

Sasami:  Ayeka... Ryoko...!!

{The emblem on Sasami's forehead glows a bright green as she suddenly and calmly stands.}

Sasami:  You will not die today, my sisters...  I will not allow your lives to not be
	fulfilled...

{Sasami is surrounded by the same white light as a moment ago as the entire room is enveloped by
the purity of energy.  The leaves within the room are swept up into a wind surrounding Sasami's
form.  One by one, they change into health green leaves before the light increases in intensity
and fades to the silver skin of an automaton on Liaens's ship which is cut in half by the blue
light of Tenchiken.  Tenchi pulls himself back to a standing position while Angelbane tosses
another wrecked machine to the side.  Pii slices one in half vertically before he too joins them
in a circle, all facing outward.  Tenchi glances over to Pii whose visor blinks with various
targetting data.}

Tenchi:  Anymore of those things?

{Pii looks around the three of them, allowing the reticle to float over the area.  It only
blinks and does not lock onto any targets.  Pii then looks back to Tenchi.}

Pii:  None that I see.

{Angelbane glances around at all the metallic humanoids on the ground and nods.}

Angelbane:  Given the number we've taken down and the explosion from earlier, I'm guessing that
	we and the other group have pretty much taken care of this little army.

Tenchi:  That means that Liaens is the only one left, right?

{While Tenchi and Angelbane speak, Pii walks away from them, alone and silent with sword in
hand.}

Angelbane:  I believe so.  There've been no signs of Oniko or Seia since we boarded.  I'm sure
	Jezibel's somewhere though.

{Tenchi lowers his gaze some and nods.}

Tenchi:  I wouldn't doubt it.

{Tenchi looks over to see Pii leaving and calls to him.}

Tenchi:  Hey!  Where're you going?

{Pii stops and glances over his shoulder at Tenchi and Angelbane.}

Pii:  To fight Liaens.

Tenchi:  {Confused.}  Well, aren't we going together?

Pii:  This is personal between him and me.  Pardon me for saying, prince, but I have prepared to
	face him for a long time.  It's time I repay him for ruining our lives.

{Pii turns away from them again.  Angelbane starts to speak when Tenchi calls out to him again.}

Tenchi:  You want to get yourself killed?!

{Pii stops but does not look back as Tenchi slowly steps toward him.}

Tenchi:  You failed to protect Nerti when you two were both young, and you hate yourself for it,
	right?  That's it, isn't it?

{Pii is silent when Tenchi stops behind him and continues to speak.}

Tenchi:  You know what?  I failed the ones I love and care for several times.

{Pii glances back over his shoulder to Tenchi who is looks back into Pii's black visor as if he
could see Pii's eyes.}

Tenchi:  I lost my mother because I couldn't protect her from Kain.  I nearly lost my Grandpa
	because I didn't have the skill to face Kagato.

{Angelbane watches them and nods to himself.}

Angelbane:  {Thinking.}  This is how we defeat Liaens... as a team...

{Tenchi puts his free hand on Pii's shoulder and continues.}

Tenchi:  You even saw what happened last year when we faced Mecha-Nerti.  Now tell me.  Do we
	not understand where you come from?

{Pii's visor pulls back away from his eyes as he looks into Tenchi's eyes which look back
quietly waiting for an answer.  Pii turns away from Tenchi and looks ahead into the corridor
before them.}

Pii:  Let's go.

{Pii folds his visor back down over his eyes as he continues forward.  Angelbane sighs and
shakes his head before he comes beside Tenchi who looks over to him with a questioning
expression.}

Tenchi:  What's wrong with him?  I've failed my friends many more times than he has, and he just
	won't listen...

Angelbane:  He won't because he's not you, Lord Masaki.

{Angelbane looks ahead to Pii who continues walking alone.}

Angelbane:  He takes matters very personally and will do anything, even die, to make amends for
	his sins.  You sought forgiveness in those you failed.  He wants to prove to himself, as
	well as everyone else, that he is sorry.

{Tenchi watches Pii go also.}

Angelbane:  Also, he's a young man in love.  He'd rather perish in battle against Liaens than
	let Liaens or one of his followers hurt Nerti Ro ever again.

{Angelbane looks over to Tenchi who slowly looks back.}

Angelbane:  I'm sure you can understand that.

{Tenchi closes his eyes and nods while Angelbane places his hand on Tenchi's shoulder firmly.}

Angelbane:  He's a good friend and a strong fighter.  When we enter the fight, he will fight by
	our side.  Trust me, and trust him.

Tenchi:  {Nods.}  Alright, Lord duSoleil.

{Tenchi and Angelbane follow Pii as the three of them reach the doors to Liaens's chambers.  The
huge doors ominously creak open to reveal the antique beauty that is Liaens's personal chambers.
On the balcony, they can see Liaens standing watching a monitor displaying the battle outside
the ship, Jezibel and M.Nerti 2 fighting Nagi, as well as Kamidake running through corridors
searching for Nagi.  Once the three enter completely, the doors swing shut with a loud bang that
causes all three to turn back to see their escape route closed off.  Liaens begins to speak
drawing their attention slowly back to the balcony.}

Liaens:  So, Fate has brought us all full circle.

{Liaens faces the three below him with a cold expression on his face, first Angelbane.}

Liaens:  The man who ruined my former plans for the conquest of Jurai for my Lady...

{Liaens looks over to Pii.}

Liaens:  The boy who loves the girl I took from Pentinon for my Lady's purpose...

{Liaens moves his eyes to Tenchi and scowls.}

Liaens:  And, the descendent of the man who made me the mechanical abomination I am now...

{Tenchi holds Tenchiken tightly as he glares up to Liaens.}

Tenchi:  You have a lot to answer for...!

Liaens:  {Nods.}  I'm sure that I do.

{Pii grips his sword as his icefire rifle slides into his left hand.}

Pii:  I won't let you live, Liaens...!

Liaens:  {Scoffs.}  I gave you the option of joining our force.  You denied that and therefore
	chose this existance.

{Angelbane pulls out his sword hilt and creates the unseen blade while calmly speaking to
Liaens.}

Angelbane:  I've awaited the time that I could see the man who would be so cowardly as to
	kidnap a man's daughter to manipulate him.  Now, I will make you pay again for the pain
	you caused that family, then and now.

{Liaens's rage flares at Angelbane as his cross irises lock onto Angelbane with a glare of pure
hate.}

Liaens:  You know nothing, duSoleil!  To suffer such a disgrace from you and King Jurai is the
	one memory burned into my mind for eternity, especially since that came after my
	triumphant victory over Aelins on my own homeworld!!

{Pii is taken aback by the name "Aelins".}

Pii:  Aelins...?

{Liaens scans Pii curiously.}

Liaens:  I see you know of the heroine of the Proran race, boy.  However, I don't think you have
	full knowledge of even what you believe you know.

{Pii bares his teeth and brandishes his sword at Liaens while Liaens stands firm.}

Pii:  It doesn't matter what I know about Aelins!  What matters is that you die for what you've
	done!!

{Pii's wings extend as he flies at Liaens with his projectile weapon locked on Liaens's position
while his sword is pulled back to swipe.  Liaens just waits for him while Angelbane turns to
Tenchi seriously.}

Angelbane:  I want you to get up those stairs as fast as you can!  Got it?!

{Angelbane points to the stairs at the side of the balcony.  Tenchi nods and dashes over to them
to start cautiously and quickly scaling them.  Angelbane himself watches Pii and Liaens with a
great focus as Pii swipes at Liaens and cuts into the man's shoulder.  Liaens looks at Pii and
smiles as Pii raises his icefire rifle to Liaens's face to only have that knocked from his hand
and to be himself swatted into the picture of the blonde woman upon Liaens's walls.  The picture
is ripped and torn as Pii and the image slide down the wall and hit the ground.  Tenchi dashes
out to Liaens and swipes at him with Tenchiken's blade while Liaens merely sidesteps and grasps
Tenchi's arm.  He raises Tenchi up by this arm when a hole appears in his shoulder, forcing him
to painfully lower Tenchi.  Liaens looks over his shoulder to see Angelbane glaring at him with
the invisible sword plunged into this hole.  Tenchi then sends a blast of Jurai energy into
Liaens's face blinding him and tossing smoke in all directions.  When the smoke clears, Liaens
is not seen leaving Tenchi and Angelbane to searching for him.}

Tenchi:  Where'd he go?

Angelbane:  I don't know.  He has invisibility on his s...!

{Angelbane is cut off as an energy blast nails him square in the face, knocking him away.
Tenchi swings around to see Angelbane fall only to be hit himself in the shoulder.  Both are on
the ground reeling from the impacts.  Pii lifts his head to see, through his visor, a
transparent Liaens stalking his way to Tenchi and Angelbane picking themselves up.}

End Scene 2

Scene 3

{Fade from black to Jezibel's chambers with fighting heard in the background. Nagi dashes by
followed by M.Nerti 2.  The two meet with Nagi swiping at and blocking M.Nerti 2's clawed hands.
Nagi blocks one attack and then swings her whip around M.Nerti 2's neck only to have a green
blast cut the line.  She glares to the side where Jezibel smiles back with outstretched hand at
Nagi.  Nagi steps back and takes to the air with M.Nerti 2 in close pursuit.  Nagi puts away her
whip and generates a red energy pulse which she throws at M.Nerti 2.  M.Nerti 2 avoids the
attack easy enough only to see Nagi falling at her with sword held by both hands coming down at
her.  M.Nerti 2 tries to dodge, but Nagi slices through and across M.Nerti 2's chest.  The
machine slides in half along the cut some before the entirity of the automaton explodes into a
shower of silver and gold.  Nagi lands with little breath left as she looks up to Jezibel who
smirks while she claps at Nagi's win.}

Jezibel:  Bravo again, bastard child of the Jurai.  It seems you know your Ryoan side very well.
	You even act like a furiful Ryoan woman would.

{Jezibel's evil grin widens with this while Nagi raises herself back to a standing posture and
points her sword once again at Jezibel's neck.}

Nagi:  Enough with the games...

Jezibel:  No more games?  So be it, Lady Nagi.

{Nagi approaches Jezibel slowly when Jezibel speaks to her quietly again.}

Jezibel:  However, I would not take that next step if I were you.

{Nagi continues without hesitation when Jezibel shrugs her shoulders and laughs to herself.}

Jezibel:  Have it your way, fool.

{Jezibel's eyes glow a bright green which makes Nagi stop in her tracks in question.}

Nagi:  What are you doing?

Jezibel:  Oh, I think even you can tell.

{Nagi's eyes open wide in realization and horror.}

Nagi:  Ken-Ohki...!!

{Cut to Ken-Ohki's bridge where Nerti stands bravely at the ship's controls until her eyes flash
green.  She pulls herself away from the control system and holds her head in great pain.  A
green light appears in her eyes but fades and returns.  The connection between Nerti and Jezibel
is not complete.  Nerti cries out quietly through the pain in her mind.}

Nerti:  Jezibel...!  Leave me alone...!  Please...!!  Someone help me...!!  I don't want to go
	back...!!

{Jezibel's voice enters Nerti's mind and scolds her.}

Jezibel:  You will come back to my power, Ro!  You have no choice in the matter!

{Nerti's corneas change completely from white to green as she stands and pulls out her scythe.
Ken-Ohki meows at her in question when she draws the blade back to swing.}

Jezibel:  Now, kill Ken-Ohki!!

{Nerti swings her scythe but stops short of the deck.  A com-window opens to Ryo-Ohki with
Cassandra aghast at Nerti's actions.}

Cassandra:  Nerti, stop!!

{Jezibel screams at Nerti.}

Jezibel:  Damn you, Ro!  Do as I command!!

{Nerti's hands shake as if she were fighting against some force pushing her weapon into the
deck.  Nerti's eyes focus on the dulled engraving on the scythe's blade, which to her eyes is
completed as reading "Æ".  Jezibel growls and then quietly yet menacingly speaks.}

Jezibel:  Then, if not with your mother's blade, then with your own!

{Nerti drops her scythe as the black mark from Pii's vision appears on her face from her
hairline to her chin and flares out onto her cheek, and even down part of her neck.  She stands
at attention as she outstretches her hand before her.  Black energy collects in her palm which
she closes her hand around to form a black broadsword.  Cassandra gasps and then yells at
Nerti.}

Cassandra:  Oh God... Nerti, stop it now!!

{Nerti, without hesitation, points the swords blade towards Ken-Ohki's deck and places her left
hand over her right preparing to stab when Cassandra appears on the deck next to her.  Cassandra
can hear Nerti whisper something as a tear rolls down her young cheek blackened by the darkness
across the side of her face.}

Nerti:  {Whispering.}  I'm sorry...

{Nerti plunges the sword deep into Ken-Ohki's bridge causing the ship to shake violently while
Ken-Ohki howls in pain.  Nerti pulls the sword out and turns with an expressionless face towards
Cassandra.  Cassandra looks at the tear streak on Nerti's face and starts to think as she pulls
her axe out.  Nerti steps towards Cassandra slowly as Cassandra's voice enters Nerti's mind
alongside Jezibel's.}

Cassandra:  Nerti, you know this isn't who you are...  Remember what you told me before...
	about not being a warrior...?

Jezibel:  Stay out of this matter, duSoleil!  She is mine!

Cassandra:  {Ignores Jezibel.}  Come on, Nerti... You know what I mean...!

{Nerti's voice weakly speaks the following.}

Nerti:  I am not... a warrior...

{Nerti's black sword vanishes as she kneels again clutching her head.  Cassandra drops her axe
and holds Nerti like a child in her arms while Jezibel yells at Nerti in her mind.}

Jezibel:  Reform that sword and finish Cassandra duSoleil, Nerti Ro!  Stand up and do it!!

{Cassandra shuts her eyes as images of the Nerti's life in the Science Academy, with her
parents, and with her friends flashes within Nerti's mind.  Nerti cringes while Cassandra speaks
to her softly.}

Cassandra:  Focus on who you really are, Nerti...  Remember the girl you were so that you might
	be the woman you should be...

{Jezibel screams once more as Nerti screams in pain with the images from her past no longer
seen.}

Jezibel: Your history is nothing, girl!  You will have no mind!  Your future does not require
	you to have one!!

{Cassandra gasps when Ken-Ohki meows to Cassandra while bringing up an image of the ships
surrounding them.  Cassandra looks and then closes her eyes in defeat.}

Cassandra:  We are lost...

{Cut back to Jezibel's chamber where Nagi and Jezibel stand facing each other.  Nagi's red eyes,
with tears forming at the edges, flare in rage towards Jezibel whose eyes open slowly while her
vile, pleased expression crosses her face.}

Jezibel:  We will have to recover the girl, but that is no serious matter.  However, it seems
	that both Ohki ships as well as Cassandra duSoleil will be destroyed in a short span of
	time.

{Nagi's feet leave the ground as she rockets at Jezibel wielding her sword.  Jezibel calmly
awaits Nagi to get close before she leaps into the air and tosses two green blasts at Nagi.  One
hits her in the back while the other nails her in the back of the head.  She falls to her hands
and knees while her hairband falls from her head cracked onto the ground.  Her hair falls around
her face while she slowly pulls herself back to her feet.  A stream of warm blood rolls down
between her eyes when she raises her hand to her head and stumbles some.  Her sword clanks to
the ground.  Jezibel smirks as she creates a new energy pulse in her hand.}

Jezibel:  Now, to finish this little drama!

{Jezibel tosses the blast at Nagi when Nagi turns around to Jezibel with a look of calm in her
eyes that is completely unlike her.  Nagi appears to become more collected as she stands
strongly facing Jezibel.  Jezibel's attack impacts a shield around Nagi while her body starts to
glow a bright red.  Her spiked hair becomes soft and flowing in this light while a second black
Mark of Rage appears on the right side of her face.  The purple battlesuit around her slowly
burns away and is replaced by a white kimono with red trim while Jezibel is in awe from this
transformation.}

Jezibel:  No... You cannot have that much power...!  That is not possible...!!

{Nagi's body ceases to glow as she outstretches her hand, and her hairband levitates up into her
hand.  The purple covering on the item shatters to reveal it to be a Key which wraps around
Nagi's hand and generates a purple sword blade with the Key itself as the hilt.  Jezibel throws
two green energy blasts at Nagi which Nagi simply deflects with this new sword.  Jezibel becomes
increasingly frightened.}

Jezibel:  Is this the power of the Jurai...?!

{Nagi flies up at Jezibel swinging the sword.  Jezibel flies up higher and avoids the blade
while Nagi suddenly shoots through the air, arriving beside Jezibel.  Nagi's calm eyes change
into a rageful glare when she screams as she slices across Jezibel's body.  Jezibel looks up to
the ceiling and speaks quietly.}

Jezibel:  I have failed... my Lady...

{Jezibel's body changes to stone and slides in half, shattering on impact with the ground.  Nagi
lands next to this pile as the rage fades from her face.  She holds her head and staggers
forward leaving the rubble behind.  In the rubble, Jezibel's face can be seen amongst them.  A
heavenly female voice enters the room and speaks to the stone face.}

Woman:  You have not failed, my favorite.  Bide your time for your rebirth into this world.

{When the voice stops, Jezibel's face vanishes from the stone.  Cut back to Ken-Ohki's bridge
where Cassandra holds Nerti in her lap tightly while Ken-Ohki's entire form, inside and out,
writhes from the damage sustained from Nerti's black sword.  Cassandra brushes Nerti's golden
hair from her face and touches that black mark streaking down her face.  Cassandra's face
becomes more saddened.}

Cassandra:  Poor girl...  I pray heaven opens its arms to you better than this world ever
	would...

{Cassandra closes her eyes when Ken-Ohki quietly meows calling Cassandra's attention back to the
display screens.  On one screen is the image of a small planetoid passing near Jurai.  As the
rock passes between the Ohkis and the sun, a shadow is cast over them when a rain of weapons'
fire riddles the enemy ships.  A solitary Jurai ship, Chizuru, flies out from the shadow and
floats next to the two crystalline ships while Sagami's face appears on Ken-Ohki's monitors.
Sagami has since become a strong and commanding figure.}

Sagami:  I hope we are not too late, Lady duSoleil.  Is everyone alright?

Cassandra:  {Shakes her head.}  No, young commander.  My friend has been injured and needs
	medical attention immediately.

Sagami:  Understood.  Our backup will take care of her.

{Cassandra looks at Sagami confused.}

Cassandra:  Backup?

{Sagami smiles confidently as another set of weapons' fire lights up the space surrounding the
enemy.  Cassandra looks in the direction of the shots to gaze at a pinhole of light that grows
to the size of a ship.  A red GP patrolship flies through with guns blazing.  On the hull of the
vessel, everyone can see that two additional engines have been added which now cease to glow as
the ship exits the now closing rift.  A new com-window opens on Ken-Ohki's bridge displaying
Mihoshi and Kiyone's faces.  Mihoshi busies herself with targetting the enemy while Kiyone
speaks her concern to Cassandra.}

Kiyone:  Lady duSoleil, we have Washu onboard.  She can take better care of Ken-Ohki here on
	Yagami.  We'll take this from here.

Cassandra:  {Nods.}  I understand.

{Cassandra and Nerti vanishes from Ken-Ohki's bridge as the ship Ken-Ohki teleforms inside
Yagami.  Ryo-Ohki also follows suit and appears at Ken-Ohki's side in the medical ward.  Washu
stands at their bedside as she generates her phantom computer. On the screen, various vital
statistics of Ken-Ohki appear and compare to their natural values.  Ryo-Ohki looks up to Washu
with a pleading meow.  Washu does not look up but only nods with a promising smile.}

Washu:  He'll be alright.  Don't worry about that.

{Pan over to see Cassandra laying Nerti gently on another bed nearby.  Next to the bed, a few
wanted posters hang with various means of adhesive.  Cassandra glances over to them and sees
Nerti's face amongst the rogue's gallery.  She quickly grabs the poster and puts it within her
robes as she leans against a wall and slides down it to sit on the ground.  She removes her
dragon fin helm as she sighs deeply when the scene fades to Yagami's bridge.  Here, Kiyone
speaks with Sagami via a com-link while Mihoshi continues to attack the enemy.}

Kiyone:  About how many remain, Lord Sagami?

Sagami:  Enough to be a thorough nuisance.  However, I think that between our ships, all should
	go well.

{Kiyone looks at Sagami curiously.}

Kiyone:  How is it your ship survived Liaens's weapon?  R reported to us that the whole Jurai
	Fleet was down.

{Sagami becomes quite solemn as he nods.}

Sagami:  That rogue moon we were following somehow shielded us from the wave's effects.  If you
	need to know how it did, you would probably have to ask Dr Hakubi herself.

Kiyone:  {Nods.}  I see.

{Kiyone looks out to the weakened enemy group and quickly assesses the situation.  Sagami
follows her eyes and nods to her.}

Sagami:  Shall we go?

Kiyone:  Let's.

{Outside, the two ships, like the Ohkis, take offensive positions and open fire into the ranks
of the enemy.  Fade from the blackness of space to Pii's visor and zoom out to see his face
focused forward.  Ahead of him, Tenchi and Angelbane are starting to pull themselves up from the
floor.  Through his visor, Pii can see a transparent outline of Liaens stalking forward towards
them.  Pii stabs his sword into the ground and uses it to help himself back up to a standing
position where he extends the beam weapon on his right gauntlet.  His targetting reticle scans
over Liaens's form and then locks onto the base of Liaens's skull.  Pii pulls the trigger as a
stream of coherent light leaves his gauntlet and races towards Liaens's head.  Upon impact,
Liaens falls foward before catching himself as his entire body reappears in the real world.
Tenchi and Angelbane both look up to see Liaens holding the back of his neck.  Tenchi holds his
blue sword tightly as he dashes up to Liaens.  Angelbane follows Liaens's hateful glare over and
notices Pii pulling his sword from the ground.  Angelbane nods to himself.}

Angelbane:  He saw through it just like he did my sword...

{As Tenchi reaches Liaens, Liaens turns to Tenchi and catches Tenchi's sword in his hand.  The
blade burns Liaens's hand when Liaens blasts Tenchi in the stomach, sending him back across the
room and into the display on the wall.  The display shatters on impact before Tenchi slides down
to the ground holding his back.  He pulls his hand back with his own blood upon his fingers and
cringes with pain in his abdomen as he gets back to his feet.  Liaens starts towards Tenchi when
he stops and steps to the side when a deep gash appears in the floor where he was.  Angelbane
pulls his sword from the ground when Liaens releases an energy blast into his gut which sends
him away into a far wall.  Liaens stands proud and satisfied as he then turns back to Tenchi and
walks slowly towards him.}

Liaens:  Now, the Jurai will fall, and vengence, as well as my ambition, will be satisfied.

{Pii calls out to Liaens.}

Pii:  Stop, Liaens!

{Liaens stops and looks back to Pii.  Pii holds his beam rifle in his left hand aimed at Liaens
and his sword in his right at his side.  The reticle is locked onto Liaens while Liaens only
smiles to himself.}

Liaens:  Still the brazen child.  You haven't changed in the past three years at all.  You still
	don't know when to back down.

Pii:  Shut up!  Move this ship away from Jurai, or I kill you where you stand!!

{Liaens laughs causing Pii to lower his weapon slightly.}

Liaens:  You stupid Terran!  I'm already dead!  I've been dead since that damn Jurai King took
	from me that which I longed for!  However, that will soon change when Jurai is mine!

Tenchi:  {Glares at Liaens.}  That won't happen...!

Liaens:  {Glances at Tenchi.}  It won't?  You aren't in much position to stop me, crown prince.

{Pii bares his teeth as his finger suddenly pulls the trigger of the rifle back, sending an
intense beam of light directly at Liaens.  Liaens turns to have the beam hit his left eye and
destroy it completely.  Pii takes to the air and flies at him wielding his metal blade.
Angelbane pulls himself up to see Pii fly at Liaens.  He yells at Pii as Pii's sword swings at
Liaens.}

Angelbane:  No, Will!  Don't!!

{Liaens swings his forearm up to block Pii's sword while his other hand reaches up to Pii's
throat and grasps tightly.  Pii drops his sword and rifle as his hands grasp at Liaens's around
his neck.  Liaens's features express pure rage at the boy while the Pi Sword levitates to
Liaens's hand.}

Liaens:  You...!  How dare you...!  I made you...!!

{Liaens's feet lift from the ground as he moves towards the edge of the balcony.}

Liaens:  Had I know that a little pest like you would have been such a problem, I would have
	killed you when I first saw you and then turned Mecha-Nerti against Aelins's child!!

{Pii's choked voice comes from his lips as he fights to even breathe.}

Pii:  I'll see... you... in hell...!!

{A vile glint enters Liaens's eye as he pulls the Pi Sword back and touches the point of the
blade against Pii's chest.}

Liaens:  You first, boy...!!

{Silence fills the chamber before the sound of cracking metal and cutting of flesh resounds on
all stone facets of the room.  The engine noise from Pii's jets peters to a stop before a sickly
dripping takes its place.  Red drops periodically fall and hit the floor and pool together
before Pii's form falls and lands in the center of it.  The blood coats his suit and armor while
his pack drains oils and other fluids that mix with the deep red to turn it a deathly black.
The Pi Sword is now stained with the blood of its owner, who is curled in a fetal position with
that blade jutting from the back of his body.  High above, Liaens cracks a small smile while
Tenchi stands aghast, and Angelbane grips his sword tighter.  Liaens turns back to Tenchi.}

Liaens:  Now that the trash is gone, let's deal with the elite garbage.

{Tenchi's gaze hardens into a raging glare as he too runs at Liaens with Tenchiken leading the
way.  Angelbane vanishes and reappears before Tenchi to knock the sword away before he spins
around to Liaens and swipes at Liaens himself.  Liaens blocks with his forearms while Angelbane
just holds his ground.  Liaens looks lightly into Angelbane's angry eyes.}

Liaens:  Did I kill you friend?  Good, now I can see you fight in rage instead of just
	necessity.

{Angelbane speaks quietly and firmly in response.}

Angelbane:  No, I wouldn't give you that satisfaction.  I'll just leave you to this boy, you
	butcher.

{Angelbane's sword sizzles the air even more as he puts more of his energy into the blade before
he pushes Liaens back and then swipes down and through the man's shoulder.  Liaens's mechanized
arm falls to the ground as he steps back holding its former location.  Angelbane vanishes again
when his voice calls out to Tenchi.}

Angelbane:  For both your peoples and both your worlds, Tenchi Masaki, kill the great Liaens
	before he destroys them both!!

{Tenchi nods before he takes his fighting stance and pulls the sword before him.}

Tenchi:  I understand.  Thank you, Lord duSoleil.

{Liaens cringes some while he looks at the circuitry showing from the gaping hole in his side.
Tenchi yells when he runs at Liaens with his sword drawn back to attack.  Liaens glances up to
Tenchi to see the Tenchiken come at him again.  He puts up a bracer to block just as Tenchi's
sword clangs off the defense.  While they engage, Angelbane reappears below the balcony next to
Pii's motionless frame.  He kneels to him and then detects the smell of burnt flesh from Pii's
wound.  He curiously look at the puncture in his friend's chest to find the wound cauterized by
the sword itself.  Angelbane then glances to Pii's face to see the bill of his cap folded down
over his face under the visor.  His head is completely covered and airtight.  Angelbane smiles
to himself.}

Angelbane:  Clever boy...

{Angelbane takes Pii in his arms as the two of them disappear from the ship.  With Tenchi and
Liaens, Tenchi continues his assault against Liaens when Liaens separates from Tenchi and
releases a new energy blast at the young Juraian.  Tenchi dodges and tosses a pulse of Jurai
Power at Liaens, which connects and knocks Liaens to his knees.  Tenchi stands with his sword
before him waiting for Liaens's next move when a shot of pain goes through his back.}

Tenchi:  Damn it...

{Liaens raises himself back to his full stature.  As he does, brown energy collects around his
forearm and solidifies into a long blade extending from his forearm for half a meter, similar to
the metal blade the blonde woman in the painting wore.  Liaens pulls back and holds this arm
blade before him while the pupil of his remaining eye glows red.}

Liaens:  Aelins's kaiser blade technique maybe heretical, but it should serve its purpose
	against you, prince of Jurai!

{Liaens lunges at Tenchi, swiping this kaiser blade at the youth.  Tenchi blocks with Tenchiken,
but each impact almost knocks the sword Key from Tenchi's hands.  Tenchi backs against a wall
when Liaens swings again.  The brown and blue blades clash and grind while Tenchi uses both
hands to hold the stronger man's blade from falling on him.  Liaens's voice darkly speaks to
Tenchi.}

Liaens:  Time you die, child.  There is nothing left that you can do.

{Tenchi silently closes his eyes while his arms strain holding the kaiser blade back when an
energy blast is heard cutting the air.  An impact followed by Liaens's yell of pain precede the
kaiser blade being pulled back from Tenchiken's blade.  Tenchi opens his eyes to see Liaens
holding a smoking, charred area on his back.  Tenchi follows the line of sight back to the now
open door to the chamber where Nagi stands, still in her white and red kimono with her new
purple blade at her side, her hand outstretched towards Liaens.  Tenchi's eyes brighten up at
the sight of the fellow Juraian before he notices her stumble some.  Concern ripples through
Tenchi when he sees a deep red caked on the back of her flowing hair.}

Tenchi:  Nagi!!

{Liaens gathers himself and then looks back over his shoulder at Nagi with his anger only
growing stronger.  Tenchi glances to Liaens and then jumps to his feet in a dash down the
balcony steps heading for Nagi.  Liaens floats over the rail of the balcony while he points the
blade towards Nagi.  The blade shoots from Liaens's forearm directly at Nagi.  Tenchi yells at
Nagi.}

Tenchi:  Nagi, get down!!

{Nagi looks up to see the blast and rolls to the side when the blast explodes where she had
been.  While she holds her head with some serious pain, Tenchi reaches her and helps her to
stand.  Liaens approaches them.}

Liaens:  So, now we have both bastards of Jurai ready to die.

{Tenchi examines Nagi's injury while Nagi cringes.}

Tenchi:  Are you alright, Nagi?

Nagi:  {Nods.}  I will be fine... Masaki...

Tenchi:  What's with the kimono?  You look like...!

{Nagi pushes Tenchi away and stands easily alone while she brings her sword before her.}

Nagi:  No time to explain...

{Tenchi follows Nagi's gaze up to Liaens hovering down towards them.  Tenchi too goes into a
battle stance when Liaens lands a short distance before them.}

Liaens:  This is the last of the Jurai, two children barely old enough to even know they possess
	the power of light, borne of the tree.

{Tenchi looks at Liaens confused while Nagi stares at him as her eyes dance in anger.}

Nagi:  Myths and legends have nothing to do with this...

{Liaens reforms the kaiser blade on his forearm while some amazement can be heard in his voice.}

Liaens:  You really have no clue to what this is all about, do you?  Your lives hinge on my
	Lady's decision, but you don't even know her name!  This is laughable!

{Nagi scowls and flies at Liaens swinging her new blade at Liaens.  Liaens brings the kaiser
blade to block when Tenchi dashes up to him and stabs the blue blade into his side.  Liaens
glares down to Tenchi when Nagi pulls her sword away from Liaens and cuts Liaens's remaining arm
off at the elbow.  This arm falls to the ground as the kaiser blade fades away.  Liaens pulls
away from both of them trying to contain the pain he feels.  Tenchi and Nagi both ready to
attack again when Liaens starts to laugh.  Both look at him oddly as he turns back to them.}

Liaens:  You think you've defeated me?!  If I have to die again, I'll take both you and Jurai
	along with me!!

{Alarms blare as red light fills the room.  Tenchi yells at Liaens.}

Tenchi:  What did you just do?!

Liaens:  This ship will crash on Jurai and detonate, covering it with the core energy that
	eliminated the Jurai Royal Family.  The royal trees will die.  The Jurai will die.  The
	holocaust of the impact itself will decimate all remaining life on the planet.  {Smiles at
	them.}  And, of course, you two will die with me.

{The room shakes when a burst of red energy comes from the door and nails Liaens, knocking him
down.  Tenchi and Nagi both shoot their attention to the doorway where Kamidake stands alone.
Liaens starts to stand when Nagi grabs Tenchi and flies with him towards Kamidake while Kamidake
holds his staff trained on Liaens.  Liaens screams at Kamidake.}

Liaens:  Damn you, knight!!

{Nagi lands and releases Tenchi as her momentum coupled with her weakened condition causes her
to fall forward.  Kamidake crouches slightly and takes Nagi in his arms while keeping one hand
on his staff to keep it aimed at Liaens.  He sees the dried blood in Nagi's hair and is taken
aback.}

Kamidake:  Oh no...!!

{Tenchi spins back to Liaens and speaks to Kamidake without looking at him.}

Tenchi:  She'll be alright if we get out of here.  You have any ideas on that?

{After Tenchi speaks these words, he, Nagi, and Kamidake vanish from Liaens's chambers.  Liaens
is caught completely offguard as explosions start to rock the ship.  He screams to the ceiling.}

Liaens:  My Lady!!  Why?!  You said that we were going to destroy your sister!!  You said it was
	our destiny!!  What didn't I do for you?!  How did I fail you?!  Please save me!!  Give me
	one more chance!!

{Tenchi, Nagi, and Kamidake reappear on the bridge of Chizuru.  Behind them, Sagami stands
before the central tree flanked by Yosho and Azaka while the rest of Chizuru's crew watches the
forward monitor of Liaens's ship.  The ship has various sections of itself explode and break
away as it descends towards Jurai.  Yagami can be seen a short distance from Chizuru also
watching this tragedy.  Nagi, held by Kamidake's arm, lifts her head to see the massive machine
headed towards Jurai.  She tries to wrestle free from Kamidake's arm.}

Nagi:  No...!!  Father...!!

{Tenchi and Sagami watch in horror.}

Tenchi:  Ryoko...!!  Ayeka...!!  Sasami...!!

Sagami:  Oh God...!!  All those people...!!

{The crew murmers amongst itself in fear as the craft continues its descent, until a bright
white light shines from one point on Jurai and quickly wipes over the planet.  The entire planet
of Jurai shines like a star, so bright that everyone on Chizuru and Yagami have to shield their
eyes.  While they are all blinded, a woman of pure white light appears in space before Liaens's
ship.  She raises her hand to the ship halting it.  Her white light envelops the entirity of the
ship and then vanishes leaving the ship as debris floating in space harmlessly.  She faces the
powerless Jurai ships floating about the void.  With barely a motion, these ships start their
normal start-up sequence at her command.  With that last act, she seems to take a breath and
relax as if tired before she and the light surrounding Jurai itself vanish without a trace.
Everyone opens their eyes and looks back to Jurai to see it floating in space normally with the
debris of Liaens's ship burning up in the atmosphere, no threat to the world.  Communication
windows pop up on Chizuru's monitors from all the revived Jurai ships.  Tenchi's sword blade
vanishes as he looks surprisedly at Jurai unharmed.  He looks over to Kamidake who still holds
Nagi, but Nagi has since passed from consciousness.  Kamidake glances at Tenchi and smiles some.
Tenchi nods and smiles back while the knight takes Nagi in his arms and carries her from the
bridge.  Her kimono fades away to leave her in the battlesuit Ryoko gave her as well as her
normal rage marks and hairstyle.  Her sword vanishes when the hairband Key reverts to its normal
state.  Kamidake gently takes the Key and puts it back in her hair.  Yosho and Azaka go to
Tenchi and put his arms over their shoulders as his legs also collapse beneath him.}

End Scene 3

Scene 4

{In the throne room of the Jurai Royal Palace, the revived members of the Jurai Royal Family
stand together surrounding the throne of Azusa.  Azusa himself sits upon this throne with the
two Guardians flanking him watching as the sea of people parts revealing a red carpet which runs
from the foot of the steps to the throne all the way to the chamber's doors.  The doors swing
open to reveal Tenchi, Ayeka, Sagami, Yosho, Azaka, and Kamidake dressed in their best finery.
Tenchi begins a voice-over.}

Tenchi:  Somehow, Liaens's ship was destroyed in orbit of Jurai while all of us stood blinded by
	that white light.  However it was destroyed, it's destruction meant that the people of
	Jurai could once again live their lives without fear.

{Together, this group of Juraians steps forward and approaches the throne.  Azusa himself stands
and walks down to them while they kneel before him.  In Azusa's hand, he holds a set of medals
which are highly crafted and cast from the finest metals and encrusted with the best jewels from
the known universe.  Azusa steps to Yosho and prepares to present the medal to him when Yosho
simply shakes his head.  Similarly, Azaka and Kamidake deny the medals that Azusa wishes to
present them.}

Tenchi:  One thing I have to give Grandpa credit for, he is definitely not going to steal
	anyone's thunder!  He and the Knights rejected Emperor Azusa's recognition for the deed we
	all took part in by stopping Liaens's mad plan!  I swear there are times that Grandpa
	amazes me more than usual.

{Azusa steps to Sagami.  Sagami outstretches his hands before him as Azusa lays the medal in his
hands lightly.  Sagami takes the item and holds it against his heart before he nods in
affirmation to Azusa.}

Tenchi:  Sagami accepted the medal as well as a promotion in the ranks of the Jurai Fleet.  He
	was proud that he rose in the ranks, but I bet Sagami's happy enough that his planet is
	safe from danger.  Sagami was hailed as a hero amongst the other military personnel though
	Washu's still trying to analyze what that rock was that they hid behind to shield their
	ship.  I've never seen her really stumped, but this one has her.

{Azusa goes before Ayeka.  Ayeka does like Sagami and holds the medal close to her heart as she
also nods in affirmation to the emperor.}

Tenchi:  As for Ayeka, I still worry about her.  Her chest still bothers her.  Every so often,
	I'll see her clutching her chest and stricken in pain.  I wish that she'd tell someone
	what's going on so we could all help her, yet even I have secrets.  It's painful to watch
	her like that, but I can't rush her.  I think she wants to work this out herself so I'll
	let her.  I respect Ayeka too much to force her into telling me.  Turns out that she
	fought Seia while we were in space.  She woke after a few days worrying about Sasami, but
	she doesn't remember all of what happened.  Wonder if it has to do with the light and all
	that.

{Azusa finally stands before Tenchi and does the same with him as with Ayeka and Sagami.}

Tenchi:  The scrape across my back was healed pretty quickly, but I'm having trouble sleeping
	after that battle with Liaens.  I keep seeing Liaens holding Will Pii's throat over that
	balcony and wonder what, if anything, I could have done to stop that from happening.  I
	know I shouldn't live in the past, but it just won't go.  It's like with Mother...  It's
	hard to think back at your mistakes and want it to change, but you're powerless to, just
	like I was to stop Pii's murder.

{With this, Tenchi, Ayeka, Sagami, Yosho, and the Knights stand together before Azusa and turn
to the crowd who claps for the group of heros.  Azaka and Kamidake step away and scale the steps
of the throne to join their Guardian counterparts and enjoy the rest of the event from on high.
Kamidake looks out into the crowd and sees Nagi standing with her father Tensho's arm around her
shoulders, both in royal robes.  On her face is not only the Mark of Rage, but now a small smile
while she is in her father's arms for the first time in years.  In her hair, all can see that
the hairband Key parts her hair and only adds to the beauty of her dress.  Kamidake smiles
slightly at her also while Azaka glances over to Kamidake with a fatherly caring for the younger
knight.  Tensho whispers a few words into Nagi's ear.  She looks at him oddly before he gains a
parental pride watching her leave him and make for Azusa.  Everyone "ooo"s and "aah"s as she
approaches.}

Tenchi:  Though there was the tragedy, there was also the glorious moment that Nagi came forward
	to the emperor.  This was the first time I'd ever seen Nagi dressed up like a proper lady.
	She was so impressive that it was almost nuts that she never mentioned that she was part
	Jurai!  Her attitudes and etiquette with the royals was almost perfect, even given Jurai's
	standards!  It was also beautiful to see her with her father.  See seemed so much more
	peaceful with him, though I still wonder about that kimono form of hers...  It looked so
	much like Mom's...  Nagi won't talk about it.  I guess all women have their secrets, even
	Nagi.

{Nagi kneels before Azusa while Azusa, as well as everyone else, looks at her oddly.  Azusa nods
as he repeats the short presentation of a fourth medal to her.  She quietly accepts it and joins
the others as they all face the crowd.  Tensho beams with pride while gazing upon his amazing
daughter.  Next to him, Sasami pokes her head out and smiles as she sees her friends and family
standing before them all, recognized for their perilous mission.}

Tenchi:  When we arrived back on Jurai, Sasami was unconscious and completely exhausted.
	Neither Ryoko or Ayeka or even R knows what happened to Sasami while they fought Oniko and
	Seia, but she slept for days, much longer than Ayeka did.  Probably the stress of the
	fight got to her.  At least, that's what Kiyone says in hostage dealings.

{Ryo-Ohki hops out on Sasami's head, making Sasami giggle and Ryo-Ohki to meow happily.
Ken-Ohki appears on Sasami's shoulder and meows happily also.  The three of them express the
funfilled joy of childhood while they watch their elders.}

Tenchi:  Washu also saved Ken-Ohki's life.  Nerti Ro's sword attack would have killed him if
	Lady duSoleil hadn't interfered and stopped her from doing any more damage.  It's great
	that he's alright though.  I don't think Ryoko could live with Ryo-Ohki hurting
	emotionally like that.

{Across from Sasami and Tensho, Tenchi can see two GP officers and one MiB agent cheering with
the rest of them all.  Kiyone and Mihoshi in their dress uniforms smile at the recognized
Juraians who are also their friends.  R stands with them and shares in this rejoicing.}

Tenchi:  R is also a great hero for this.  He helped Ryoko and Ayeka battle Oniko and Seia, but
	even more, he called the GP and got Washu, Kiyone, and Mihoshi to arrive to help Sagami
	against that fleet of defense ships.  The emperor contacted Zed and arranged R to get his
	own commendations next time he is on Earth... which is going to be a while...  Kiyone and
	Mihoshi also deserve to be rewarded for their help in all this.  They left their posts to
	help save Jurai.  Though they did get into some trouble for leaving the Sol System, their
	superior was very light on them.  He only ordered a detailed report that Mihoshi wrote in
	a couple days.  It turned out to be one hundred pages long!  I never knew Mihoshi could
	write that much!!

{Fade from this shining group to a cemetary in the lush green of Jurai.  In the background, the
palace can be seen high above all the other trees in the area.  Here, Ryoko stands wearing her
old red and black suit from when she flew Tenchi to Jurai over a fresh grave with no marker.
She holds Oniko's spear in her hands.  She stabs the weapon just above the head of the grave and
walks to the foot of it.  She forms her red sword before she kneels to this plot and holds the
sword vertically, a short distance from her forehead.  She closes her eyes and speaks softly a
few words.}

Tenchi:  Ryoko, however, didn't attend.  She said she had some personal business she had to take
	care of on her own and wouldn't say anything other than that.  I couldn't really do much
	except let her go, though I thought she might appreciate the recognition.  I truly pray
	that Ryoko will share her secrets.  Then maybe, she wouldn't feel so alone.  She, like
	Ayeka, has her faults.  Ryoko just has ones that are more visible, but I know that both of
	them have a good soul.  Maybe one day soon, we'll all know that.

{Washu pokes her red-haired head from around a corner and spies Ryoko before this grave.
Ryoko's sword vanishes, and she picks up a metal cross with kanji for "Oniko" carved across it.
She stabs the cross at the head of the plot next to the spear and takes a step back to look it
over.  She closes her eyes and then vanishes from sight.  Washu looks at the grave and thinks.}

Tenchi:  Washu's been compiling accounts of the incident so she can research all the energy
	reactions, but she seems to be interested in at least something else surrounding this
	whole mess.  I think it has to do with Oniko because she found his name in Mecha-Nerti's
	memory back in Manhattan before her remains self-destructed.  I hope she finds out
	something that can helps us all understand what's happened since Kagato's coup three years
	ago.  It's all been pretty disconnected, but oddly enough, pretty similar.

{Zip pan into the sky and then farther into deep space where Angelbane's ship flies slowly.
Fade from this to a guest quarters onboard the ship where two beds stand side by side.  On one,
Pii lays with his upper armor and headgear removed.  His chest is heavily bandaged while he has
an IV into his arm.  Angelbane stands at his side quietly watching in sadness for his friend.
On the other bed, Nerti lays with her armor completely removed save her bodysuit.  The black
mark on her face remains unchanged when Cassandra sitting on her bed opens Nerti's eyes one by
one and uses a small pen-light to check her pupil responses.  There is no response.  Cassandra
looks over to her husband and shakes her head slowly and sorrowfully.  Angelbane closes his eyes
and hangs his head forward.}

Tenchi:  We're returning home to Earth soon on Yagami with Washu's custom engines.  It'll only
	take about an hour to cross the space from Jurai to Earth now, but I don't really want to
	leave.  I never thanked Lord duSoleil for what he's done for all of us.  Neither he or his
	wife have been seen since the battle.  She and Nerti Ro both vanished from Yagami's hold
	in the confrontation, and it turns out that Nerti is a wanted woman.  I'm sure they have
	their reasons for taking her, but I still wish I could have at least said goodbye, or even
	thank you.  Maybe they'll be a day that we'll meet again.  I hope so.

{Fade to black.}

End Scene 4

End Act 7