Dark Energy Trilogy
By William Benjamin Grilliette (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

All material of or relating to *Tenchi Muyo!* are copyrighted by Pioneer LD and AIC.
All material of or relating to *Men in Black* are copyrighted by Marvel/Malibu Comics and
	Columbia/Tristar Pictures.
All material of or relating to "Evil Pii" or "Nerti Ro" is property of William Benjamin
	Grilliette.
All material of or relating to "Angelbane duSoleil", "Cassandra duSoleil", or "Katiara duSoleil"
	is property of Jeffrey Williams.
More information about cast, plot, and story is available at http://evilpii.dorm4.org/.

Part 2:  Tenchi Muyo!:  Reunion
By William Benjamin Grilliette  (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Act 5

Scene 1

{A great dragon breaks through the clouds approaching the Jurai Palace.  A couple Jurai
battleships follow this mechanical beast on its descent towards the landing pad at the Palace
itself.  Standing just outside the Palace's protective walls, Sasami, Yosho, Sagami, and the two
Knights watch the incoming ship with seriousness and some concern for the occupants thereof.
Behind them, Tensho joins their group followed by Azusa and the two Guardians.  Yosho and the
Knights turn around and greet the emperor as well as Tensho and the Guardians.  Yosho and Tensho
bow deeply and respectfully while Azaka and Kamidake kneel to him.  Sasami and Sagami look back
and bow also.  Sasami, Yosho, Sagami, and Tensho stand before Azusa as he gives the Knights
leave to stand with them.  R walks out next to them and stands apart from them listening in.}

Azusa:  Azaka, Kamidake.  Who is this landing now with the royal escort?

Azaka:  It is the man of legend Angelbane duSoleil, my Emperor.

Kamidake:  The same from aeons ago who saved the Jurai King's daughter and returned her safely
	to Jurai.

Azaka (Guardian):  Yes, sir.  That ship is identical to the vessel he flew in millennia before.

Azusa:  I see, but why has he returned to Jurai with this escort?

Kamidake (Guardian):  I am not sure, sir.

Yosho:  The escort is probably at Ayeka's discretion.  She and Tenchi are both onboard their
	with him, I'm sure.

Sasami:  {Surprised.}  Ayeka and Tenchi are up there with him too?!

Yosho:  {Nods.}  Yes, Sasami.  You remember that Azaka and Kamidake came in telling us they had
	left to find Ryoko and Nagi.  {Looks back to the ship.}  It seems they found some help in
	their search.

Sagami:  {Smiles.}  Tenchi sure knows how to find people to help out,  {Looks to Yosho}  just
	like you, Lord Yosho.

{Yosho chuckles at that when Tensho looks over to him with a surprised expression on his face.}

Tensho:  Nagi?  Did you say Nagi, as in the bounty hunter?

Yosho:  {Nods.}  Yes, the same woman who's chased Ryoko for all these years.

Tensho:  And, Ryoko...?

{Tensho's face becomes silent as he takes these names into his mind while the great dragon-ship
completes its landing sequence.  The escort breaks away and returns into space with the rest of
the dry-docked treeships in orbit.  An exterior hatch opens causing the group at the Palace
doorway to turn and watch the occupants exit the ship together.  Tenchi helps an exhausted Ryoko
walk down the gantry with Ayeka close behind bearing Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki on her shoulders.
Cassandra holds Nagi gently in her arms while Angelbane has Pii and Nerti over his shoulders.
Angelbane has a bandaged wound on his side from the battle against Pii as Cassandra's face is
still a little scorched from fighting Nerti.  Sasami gasps and runs to Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka.
Sagami hurries after her while Tensho looks at Ryoko and Nagi as his amazement only grows, as
does some apparent concern.}

Tensho:  {To himself.}  No...  Nagi...!!

{Sasami questions Tenchi and Ayeka in a great amount of concern while both and Ryoko try to
console her.}

Sasami:  What happened?!  Are you all alright?!

Tenchi:  {Nods.}  We're alright, Sasami.

Ryoko:  Yeah, takes more than some legendary evil to beat us.  {Smiles some.}

Ayeka:  We are only tired, Sasami.  Do not worry yourself.  {Smiles gently.}

{Sasami is still concerned as Sagami breaks in.}

Sagami:  What happened, Ayeka?  Who did this?

Ayeka:  As strange as it might sound, the great Liaens from the Legend of the Two Knights took
	both Ryoko and Nagi along with Pii to his ship.  To what end, we still do not know
	completely.

Cassandra:  Actually, we know part of it.

{Cassandra looks down to Nagi and then up to Angelbane as he nods in reply to her.}

Angelbane:  Indeed.  {To Sagami.}  Young Juraian.

{Sagami turns to Angelbane and kneels before him.  Angelbane only shakes his head and smiles
some.}

Angelbane:  Child, rise.  I need you to carry one of these two with you inside.  Cassandra can
	show you where.

{Sagami stands before Angelbane with a teardrop.}

Cassandra:  {Nods.}  Ryoko and Nagi will go also.

{Tenchi and Ryoko turn back to her.}

Tenchi:  Why Ryoko?  She's...

{Cassandra's face is full of compassion and yet shows the gravity of her view of this
situation.}

Cassandra:  I know she was able to control herself in that combat situation, but her mind still
	had a drive to do what Jezibel said.  {Looks at Ryoko.}  Didn't it?

{Ryoko sighs and solemnly nods.  Tenchi closes his eyes sadly when Cassandra speaks again.}

Cassandra:  Don't worry, son.  She'll be fine.  Just bring her.  I'll take care of it.

{Tenchi opens his eyes and nods as Ayeka glances to them and then slightly away.  Ryo-Ohki and
Ken-Ohki both notice this and meow in question.  Cassandra leads the way into the Palace
followed by Tenchi.  Sagami takes Pii from Angelbane as Angelbane steps to Ayeka.}

Angelbane:  Princess, could you carry Ms Ro for me?

{Ayeka looks up to him a little startled and then bows graciously to him.}

Ayeka:  Of course, Lord duSoleil.

{Angelbane gently lowers Nerti down to Ayeka and bows to her.  Ayeka nods quietly and follows
with the others inside with Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki on her shoulders.  Tensho watches the group
walk past him and focuses on Nagi the most as she goes.  He slips inside with only Yosho and the
Knights noticing him go.  Kamidake looks to Yosho and Azaka, and both nod to him.  Kamidake
splits from the group and silently follows Tensho inside.  Angelbane looks down to the person
closest to him, Sasami, as she looks off into the Palace where her friends and family have gone.
He puts his hand on her small shoulder and smiles to her young face.}

Angelbane:  It's alright.  All will be fine...

{Angelbane then feels a little strange and looks at the mark of two triangles on her forehead.
His eyes become wide with amazement and familiarity.  Sasami shakes her head and smiles as she
says a few gentle words.}

Sasami:  Not now, old friend...  Now is not the time to tell them...

{Angelbane smiles and nods as his amazement fades.  He escorts her back to the others and looks
among them.  His gaze stops on R.}

Angelbane:  Sir, could you escort young Sasami to the Reunion proceedings inside?

R:  {Nods.}  Sure.

{Sasami smiles and goes to R happily.  R smiles some as the two of them enter the Palace.  Azaka
gazes into Angelbane's eyes quietly as a hush falls over the men.}

Azaka:  We have work to do, have we not?

Angelbane:  {Nods.}  Very true, my friend.

Yosho:  If the mercenary Liaens has returned, that could mean that the prophecy is coming true.

Angelbane:  {Shakes his head.}  I don't know about that, Lord Yosho.  In either case, I fear
	that Jurai should be prepared for the worst

Yosho:  Agreed.

Azusa:  Yosho, are you referring to the prophecy of the coming of the Angel of Fire?

Yosho:  {Nods.}  Yes, I remember it well.  There was a reading of that segment of the *Holy
	Chronicle of Jurai* in the main hall a few hours ago.  I believe we need to rehear that
	section in light of this news.

Azaka:  Yes, if that prophecy is coming to pass, the Six Powerful Warriors of the first battle
	with Darkness will start to appear, and the Keys will start to converge.

Yosho:  {Looks at Azaka's staff.}  Haven't they already?

Azaka:  {Nods.}  Yes, sire.

Azusa:  I will make sure it is done.  {To the Guardians.}  Azaka, Kamidake.  I want the two of
	you to relay that the prophecy reading be done once more in the main hall as soon as
	possible.

Azaka & Kamidake (Guardians):  Yes, sir.

{The two Guardians turn and float inside the Palace.}

Angelbane:  The four of us should make plans for this inevitable coming of Liaens, whether the
	prophecy is true or not.  I know Liaens a little too well to think that he won't follow
	through with his mission.

Yosho & Azaka:  Right.

Azusa:  Let us retire to my war room.  We can discuss the matter there.

Angelbane:  Lead the way, Emperor.

{Yosho, Azaka, Azusa, and Angelbane walk inside the palace together as the scene cuts to Tenchi,
Ayeka, Sagami, and Cassandra bearing Ryoko, Nerti with the two cabbits, Pii, and Nagi
respectively in the corridors of the Jurai Palace.  Ryo-Ohki floats over to Tenchi and lands on
his shoulder.  Tenchi looks over to her.}

Tenchi:  Hey, Ryo-Ohki.

{Ryo-Ohki meows in a worried tone to Tenchi and looks over to Ryoko who looks back quietly.}

Tenchi:  Hey, she'll be alright.  You'll see.

{Tenchi looks down to Ryoko with a smile on his face.  Ryoko smiles back to him.  Pan forward to
see Cassandra's face with a smile on it as she hears these words.  She thinks to herself as she
goes.}

Cassandra:  {In her mind.}  That's how... Ryoko's will coupled with her love for him is what
	kept her going...

{Cut back to Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ryo-Ohki.}

Tenchi:  Now, you are going to take it easy, aren't you, Ryoko?

Ryoko:  {Nods.}  Trust me, Tenchi.  I'm not going to do anything seriously energy consuming for
	a while.  {Smiles in fun.}

Tenchi:  {Concerned.}  I am serious, Ryoko.  I want you to get better.  You could barely stand
	on that ship.

Ryoko:  {A little insulted.}  Hey, don't worry.  You know I'm stronger than that.

Tenchi:  {Defensive.}  I didn't mean it like that...!

{Cassandra glances back at them with a teardrop.}

Cassandra:  Now, if they could only realize their feelings and quit bickering...  {Sighs.}

{While Tenchi and Ryoko start to argue some over Ryoko's constitution, Ayeka watches them go at
it with some solitude as a result.  Sagami walks next to her and looks at her quiet face.}

Sagami:  {A little concerned.}  Is something wrong, Ayeka?

{Ayeka looks up to him and blushes some as her gaze floats slightly away from him.}

Ayeka:  No... nothing, Sagami...

Sagami:  Ayeka, I know something is wrong.  Is there anything I can do?

Ayeka:  {Shakes her head.}  No, Sagami...  {Looks up to him.}  I know you mean well, but it is
	nothing, I assure you.

{Sagami nods and quiets himself as Ayeka looks down to the floor with a little regret on her
face from her own words.  Meanwhile, Ken-Ohki floats over onto Cassandra's shoulder and looks
down to Nagi.  He meows down to his master for her to wake up.  Cassandra looks over to the
white cabbit motherly.}

Cassandra:  She's just sleeping.  I promise she'll be better soon.  Is that alright?

{Ken-Ohki meows to the affirmative and remains on her shoulder as she and the others come to a
stop before a room in the far recesses of the Jurai Palace, far away from the Reunion
festivities.  Cassandra turns to the others and speaks.}

Cassandra:  This room should be far enough away from the festivities to allow for the privacy
	needed in what I have to do.  Lord Masaki, could you open the door, please?

Tenchi:  Alright.

{Tenchi comes to the door and opens the door showing a guest room with a chair and four beds.
Cassandra walks in and lays Nagi gently onto one of these beds while Ayeka and Sagami bring in
Nerti and Pii and do the same.  Tenchi helps Ryoko inside and sits down next to her on the last
bed.  Ryo-Ohki stays perched on Tenchi's shoulder while Ken-Ohki hops down from Cassandra's
shoulder and jumps up onto Ayeka's.  Cassandra sits down in the chair and looks out onto the
room.}

Cassandra:  This will do nicely.  Now, I must request that all of you save Ryoko leave.

Tenchi:  Why, Lady Cassandra?  We could...

Cassandra:  You would only add stray thoughts and emotions to the environment I will create to
	try and alleviate their apprehension and doubt.  {Sighs.}  I know how much you want to
	make sure they are safe, Lord Masaki, but I cannot allow you to stay here.

Ayeka:  Lady Cassandra, we know you want privacy to do this, but can we not stay and support you
	in some way?

Cassandra:  {Shakes her head.}  No.  You have to understand that even your support will only
	detract their thoughts from what I need them to focus on in order to break Jezibel's hold
	totally.

Sagami:  How are you going to do that?

Cassandra:  Jezibel's grip is based on each of their individual fears.  If I can find what
	emotion Jezibel is driving them on, I should be able to counteract it.

Tenchi:  {Confused and concerned.}  Should?  Are you sure?

Cassandra:  I know that this isn't the best news, but Jezibel is much stronger than I am.  I
	will do what I can, but I guarantee nothing.  {Looks to Ryoko.}  I will need all your help
	as well as Nagi's to do what I have to.  Will you help me help you and the others?

{Ryoko is quiet as she looks to the floor in thought.  Tenchi gazes at her when she glances to
him and then nods to Cassandra.}

Ryoko:  Yeah, I'll help.  I guess I owe Nagi that for all those years I wasn't her big sister,
	huh?  {Smiles with a laugh.}

{Cassandra grins some and nods.  Ayeka looks at Ryoko and sees the same expression she herself
has shown when she looks at Sasami.  Ayeka goes into a minor state of disbelief from this image
when Cassandra motions to them to leave.}

Cassandra:  It's time to begin.  As I said before, please leave so we can do this right.

{Tenchi and Sagami both bow and start to leave while Ayeka is still a little uneasy about the
matter.  Tenchi takes Ayeka's arm causing her to look back to him.  Tenchi is quiet and somewhat
uncertain himself.}

Tenchi:  Come on, Ayeka.

{Ayeka quietly nods and follows after him.  Ayeka's eyes pass over Nerti's body.  In her mind,
Ayeka suddenly sees Nerti's eyes open with red irises and blue corneas as she starts to speak to
her.}

Nerti:  Come back to me, Ayeka of Jurai.  Your destiny is not yet complete.

{Ayeka closes her eyes and opens them again to see Nerti's eyes closed in an uneasy slumber.
Ayeka's uneasiness only grows as she leaves the room, as does the tension in her chest.}

End Scene 1

Scene 2

{The central ball room of the Jurai Palace is filled with soft speech as Tenchi, Ayeka, and
Sagami enter.  Ryo-Ohki looks about the room from her perch on Tenchi's shoulder as Ken-Ohki
does the same on Ayeka.  Ryo-Ohki sounds out when her gaze falls upon the table where Sasami and
R are seated.  Tenchi glances over at Ryo-Ohki and follows her paw to see them also.  Ayeka and
Sagami also follow Ryo-Ohki's indication.  The group then carefully wades through the sea of
people, chairs, and tables to finally reach Sasami and R.  Sasami's face lights up upon seeing
the group sit down with her and her escort.}

Sasami:  Ayeka!  Tenchi!  Sagami!

{Ryo-Ohki meows happily and jumps over onto Sasami's head while Ken-Ohki hops over onto her
shoulder.  Sasami giggles making Tenchi and Ayeka both smile kindly to the young girl.  Sasami
pulls at Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki's whiskers in fun.}

Sasami:  I wondered where you two went.  {Giggles.}

{Ayeka feels the tension in her chest fade away looking at her little sister when Sasami looks
over to her.}

Sasami:  {Concerned.}  What's wrong, Ayeka?  You feeling okay?

Ayeka:  {Nod.}  Yes, why do you say that, Sasami?

Sasami:  Well, you have your hand over your chest like you were hurting there.

{Sasami points to Ayeka's hand in a fist just over her heart.  Tenchi, Sagami, and R all notice
this now too.  Ayeka lowers her hand slowly with her face blushing.  Tenchi looks into Ayeka's
eyes with some concern.}

Tenchi:  Ayeka, you've been hiding something.  Ever since the incident with the MiB, you've not
	been feeling well.  What is it?

Ayeka:  {Looks away from Tenchi's gaze.}  It is nothing, Tenchi...  I promise...

Sagami:  Ayeka, I have noticed it also.  You were very pale when we left Lady duSoleil.

{Ayeka's eyes turn to Sagami and see the compassion in his expression as he looks back at her.
She closes her eyes and angles her head down.}

Ayeka:  I have said that it is nothing.  I am not lying.  There is nothing wrong.  I swear that.

{As Ayeka continues trying to deceive them all, the two Guardians float to the edges of a small
stage that has been constructed in the ball room since Tenchi and Ayeka were here last.  A pink
haired Juraian man wearing yellow and black royal garb walks to a microphone set up near the
forward edge of the deck.  The crowd save Tenchi and company's table turn to see him walk up.}

Azaka (Guardian):  By popular demand...!

Kamidake (Guardian):  The prophecy of the Six Mighty Warriors and the Angel of Fire will be read
	once more for your hearing pleasure, written by the Princess Achi of Jurai, the princess
	who was saved by Angelbane duSoleil millennia ago!

Azaka (Guardian):  Featured reader tonight will be that poet and highly eligible bachelor,
	Seiryo from the Surai branch family!

{Seiryo just waves off the Guardians.  The Guardians both teardrop and slink offstage as Seiryo
begins.  Ayeka is silent as are Tenchi, Sasami, and Sagami who all remain with their unconvinced
looks upon Ayeka.  R turns and listens as the prophecy is revealed.  However due to Seiryo's
poor public speaking skills, the entire situation is ruined by his overdramatization of the
words.  Most of the room groans after only a few words.}

Seiryo:  In the millennia to come, Darkness unimagined will descend upon a distant world
	enveloping it for the shear purpose of its destruction.  However from this world, three
	Royals will arise with three Offworlders to combat this evil and send it back into the
	depths of space which bore it.

{Fade to Tenchi's table and pan across the faces there more concerned with their own lives than
Seiryo's reading.}

Seiryo:  The three Royals are united by Jurai blood, but separated by their strengths.  One has
	the power of a goddess and the spirit of a true knight paladin.  Never before has someone
	lived with his power or pure heart.  The second has a shadow over her heart and fears what
	she would become.  Her mind and heart are full of torment and struggle, but she will find
	her peace in both mind and soul.

{Fade to Cassandra's designated room and pan across those unconscious there along with Ryoko
starting to lay back on her bed closeby Nagi while Cassandra looks on.  Nagi, Pii, and Nerti lay
on comfortable beds similar to Ryoko's deep in dreamless sleep.}

Seiryo:  The last is only half Jurai, but she is the link in their force.  She has not only the
	blood of the Jurai, but the birthright of the Darkness as well.  Her sister has not the
	Jurai lineage, but the lineage of Shadows.  However, she too will be able to summon
	Jurai's Power, not the Darkness, just the same as the knight paladin!  She is the first of
	the Offworlders.

{Cut to the war room deep within the Jurai Palace.  This small complex hidden from the majority
of the Jurai Royal Family glows with the many screens set about a central table with a
holographic map system.  Around this table, Yosho, Azaka, Azusa, and Angelbane sit in serious
discussion.  As they speak focus on Angelbane alone.}

Seiryo:  The next we all know well as the Thief of the Ages who saved me from death's hand, the
	man duSoleil!

{Wipe back to Cassandra's room where Ryoko closes her eyes and tries to relax.  Cassandra
removes her helm and sets it to the side before her eyes glow a subtle green as she shuts them.
A green aura flows from her over Ryoko, Nagi, Pii, and Nerti.}

Seiryo:  However, the sixth is not known to us.  He is not born of this world or the next, but
	of one untied to the Jurai in anyway.  This boy of polar power and his beloved will be
	chosen by the Mother and Source of all the Darkness to be her chosen warriors for a new
	age, but he will become the first to defy her and rescue his love from her own fate.

{Fade back to Seiryo onstage before a bored and irate Jurai Royal Family.  By now, Tenchi,
Ayeka, Sasami, Sagami, R, and the two cabbits have caught attention of Seiryo on the stage and
are joined with the others in the room at wanting to hurt Seiryo thoroughly.  Seiryo, however,
continues to overact and exaggerate ever excessive movement he makes.}

Seiryo:  These six will send the Creator of all this Blackness back into her place far away,
	ushering in a new time of peace for the galaxy through this battle.  Yet, this is an
	uneasy peace for the Source of the Evil schemes even during this time.

{Just then, various pieces of fruit start flying at Seiryo from various points in the room.
Seiryo continues on as he dodges the rotten attacks.}

Seiryo:  It is then that the Angel of Fire will be born into his world, and in a great war, will
	her identity be known.  It is she, the child of the Mother of Darkness's own warriors, who
	will destroy her and replace her as guardian of the opposite power of the universe in a
	battle that will shake the heavens and destroy universes.

{Just as he finishes the last verse which he butchered in reading, a rotten carrot nails him
between the eyes making an off-orange mess across his face as he falls down backwards.  The
Guardians float over with teardrops as they push him back behind the stage curtain.  Fade to a
solid white area.  Pan left until Ryoko's face enters and fills the screen.  Zoom out to find
her looking around the empty white surroundings while her body is surrounded by a dim red aura.
Cassandra steps out from behind Ryoko and smiles at her.  Ryoko looks over at the diminutive
woman with some confusion noting the strong green aura around her.  Cassandra turns back to
her.}

Cassandra:  This is my mindscape.  This is the reason I wanted a location devoid of
	interruption.  That way, I can clear my mind of all thought to form this empty universe.

Ryoko:  What is all this for?  I mean what's this?

{Ryoko rubs her arms indicating the dim red aura around her body.}

Cassandra:  {Nods.}  That is your will.  Your strength of mind is represented in this world by
	the aura surrounding you.  In this blank world, I recreate any memory you have.

Ryoko:  Like a theater or holography?

Cassandra:  Yeah, something like that.  However, none of this is real.  You can't interact with
	the environments or characters that are created by your mind.  You can, however, interact
	with me or the three others that I've brought into my mind.

Ryoko:  {Looks around.}  Where are they?

Cassandra:  Right now, I'm holding Pii and Nerti formless.  If they were free of Jezibel's
	control, they could easily materialize with us, but they don't have the free will to exist
	here without help.  I will give them shape in good time.

{Ryoko's voice and expressions go grave in the next few lines.}

Ryoko:  What about Nagi?  Is she formless just the same as they are?

Cassandra:  {Shakes her head.}  Quite the contrary.

{Cassandra points next to Ryoko.  Ryoko looks beside her and sees Nagi standing in a trancelike
state with her eyes closed to the bright world around her.  Nagi's body is surrounded by a
purple aura which is somewhat stronger than that around Ryoko.  Ryoko is taken aback by Nagi's
appearance and visage as she glances over to Cassandra with some concern beginning in her
voice.}

Ryoko:  What's wrong with her?

Cassandra:  The stress from Jezibel's mental trials was tiring for her.  She's just resting
	herself.

Ryoko:  How long is she going to stay like that?  After all, if we've all been affected by that
	Jezibel woman, what are you going to do to reverse it?

Cassandra:  Do you remember what it was like when I stopped her from gaining your mind?

Ryoko:  {Nods.}  A little...  {Thinks.}  She kept pounding into my mind that Nagi hated me...
	that my sister hated me... that only she could bring back my family...

Cassandra:  {Thinks.}  Makes sense.  She creates a desire in your mind to do something and then
	asks you essentially to give up yourself to her control to accomplish that.

Ryoko:  {Impatient.}  You still haven't answered either of my questions, Cassandra.  How long
	is Nagi going to stay like this?

Cassandra:  {Calming.}  Patience, patience...  Nagi will come out of that state any time now.
	As to what I'm going to do, I'm going to do the opposite of what Jezibel did.

Ryoko:  Which is?

Cassandra:  She used mostly your fears to gain your trust that she might take your will away.
	Without those fears, your will will be strong enough to not feel her summons again.

Ryoko:  {Sarcastically.}  So, to be free of Jezibel, we have to "conquer our fears"?  That
	right?

Cassandra:  {Nods matter-of-factly.}  Yeah, that's about the size of it.

{Ryoko turns from Cassandra and throws her arms in the air.}

Ryoko:  That is the most stupid plan I've ever heard!

Cassandra:  {Bluntly.}  And, her controlling you with your fears in the first place was too, I
	bet.

{Ryoko teardrops with a wry expression on her face when Nagi starts to stir.  Ryoko and
Cassandra both look over to her as her red eyes open upon the scene.  She shakes her head and
quickly gains her bearings.  Her eyes lock onto Ryoko and quickly change expression from
exhaustion to alertness and a glint of hatred.  Ryoko reciprocates with a little look of
compassion in her eyes now compared to the usual returned hatred.}

Nagi:  Ryoko...

Ryoko:  Yeah, it's me, Nagi...

{Cassandra's eyes shoot between the two women as she then sighs.}

Cassandra:  Okay... I guess we should get started here.  We need you two to settle this little
	sibling feud

Nagi:  This feud will not be over until Ryoko's severed head is in my very hands.

{Nagi raises her finger to point directly at Ryoko.  Cassandra looks over at Ryoko and then back
to Nagi who then lowers her arm.}

Cassandra:  What did Ryoko do that was so wrong to make you passionately hate her like this?

Nagi:  She was a space pirate.  Dead is a viable option in a "dead or alive" warrant, after all.

Cassandra:  She's your sister, Nagi!

{Cassandra stands in all her amazement as Nagi just glares back at her.  Ryoko looks into Nagi's
eyes and speaks softly to her.}

Ryoko:  You knew it.

{Nagi glances back to Ryoko as Cassandra turns to her also.  Ryoko folds her arms and starts to
glare into Nagi's eyes as the compassion fades to the old rivalry once again.}

Ryoko:  You knew all along that I was your sister, didn't you?  {Insistent.}  Didn't you?!

Nagi:  {Nods.}  Yes.  Yes, I did.

{Cassandra's astonishment grows while the two sisters continue their now heating up standoff.}

Ryoko:  Why didn't you ever tell me?

Nagi:  You did not need to know.  Ryoshu made her choice to leave my father and me.  She was
	never anything more than a pirate's private entertainment anyway, it seems.

{Ryoko's glare turns to pure hatred at these words.  Her aura starts burn deeper red as it
starts to flare out.}

Ryoko:  Nagi, don't you dare ever talk about Mother like that again!!

{Nagi just draws her cape around herself and continues the insults.}

Nagi:  Why not, dear sister?  What else was she?  She came to my father to satisfy herself.
	Tell me I was wrong, Ryoko.

{Ryoko's hands turn to fists as she looks down and away from Nagi.  Cassandra gasps at how Nagi
goes on.  Her face shows that of sympathy for Ryoko, but also for Nagi.  Ryoko's voice starts to
waver some as she starts up.}

Ryoko:  Do you know how lonely Mom was?  After my Dad died, she had no one but me.

{Ryoko looks up through her cyan hair at Nagi with a subtle glare.}

Ryoko:  She needed someone to take care of her and me.  Your father...

Nagi:  My father made a mistake meeting your mother.

Ryoko:  And, that mistake made you, Nagi.  Why don't you just say it?  You don't hate me!  You
	hate yourself!

{Ryoko looks up directly at Nagi who spins around with her purple aura growing and flaring in
rage.}

Nagi:  You will not talk about my father that way, Ryoko!!

Ryoko:  Why not, Nagi?  It takes two to make love, doesn't it?!

{The two start edging together when Cassandra jumps between them to stop their advances.}

Cassandra:  Stop it, both of you!!  This is getting us nowhere!  Can't you see that this is what
	Jezibel wants?!

{Ryoko and Nagi look at each other, to Cassandra, and then to each other again.}

Cassandra:  She's playing on your anger, your pain, and your fears to control you!  Now, stop
	this damn bickering!!

{Ryoko and Nagi's glares do not vanish as they turn from their attack stances and glance over
their shoulders at each other, though their auras do stop buring with such rage at each other.
Cassandra sighs in frustration as she steps forward and spins around to the both of them.}

Cassandra:  I'm going to look at the facts of this situation, your memories.  Maybe then, we can
	see why you two really hate each other, if you really do at all.

Ryoko:  Alright...

Nagi:  Go ahead.  It will change nothing.

{Cassandra shakes head as the environment changes to the funeral scene from Ryoko's mind
previous.  Ryoan people are frozen in place around Ryoko, Nagi, and Cassandra.  Ryoko and Nagi
both look around and are breathless at this scene.  Cassandra nods.}

Cassandra:  Somehow, I knew this would shut you both up.

{Ryoko and Nagi both turn to Cassandra with anger starting to burn in both.}

Ryoko & Nagi:  Why this?!

{Cassandra walks out into the people and then spins back to them.}

Cassandra:  This is one of the first memory that both of you remember with any clarity.  It
	seems both of you remember it solidly.  After all, there both of you are.

{Cassandra points to a Young Ryoko dressed in a black dress with a veil over her face as she
looks down upon Ryoshu's face quietly in the casket before the congregation.  A battle-worn
Ryoan man has his hand on her young shoulder.  Nearby, another Ryoan boy with orange hair and
purple eyes lears at the grieving Young Ryoko amongst the other attendants.  In the distance,
Cassandra points to a Young Nagi shrouded in her cape with a black veil falling before her face
concealing her fire red eyes and Mark of Rage across her face.  The action starts up while
Ryoko, Nagi, and Cassandra look on.  A group of Ryoan pirates along with Young Ryoko's
battle-worn escort walk a distance away while she stays with her mother's body.  An Ohki
transforms into ship form and awaits over them as the mass of people starts to leave for their
homes, except Young Ryoko and Young Nagi.  Young Ryoko forces herself to smile down to Ryoshu's
body.}

Young Ryoko:  Hey, Mom...  Guess you and Dad are together again, huh?

{Tears stream down her face even though she tries to hold them back.}

Young Ryoko:  Tell him hi for me.

{She wipes those tears from her face and laughs falsely.}

Young Ryoko:  Tell him not to worry.  The Galaxy Police aren't smart enough to catch the number
	one space pirate in this galaxy, or his daughter!

{Young Ryoko turns away from the casket and then her smile completely vanishes as her words come
slowly and softly.}

Young Ryoko:  I'm... alone now...

{The orange haired boy walks up to Young Ryoko.}

Boy:  Hey, Ryoko.  Sorry about your mom and all.

Young Ryoko:  {Glares.}  What is it Ryobachi?

Ryobachi:  Well, I was wondering if you were free tonight.

{Ryobachi smirks to himself, showing the increase in his cocky demeanor.}

Ryobachi:  After all, it's not long before I leave Ryua for the priesthood, you know.  Don't
	want to be too lonely, now do we?

{Young Ryoko shoves Ryobachi aside and starts for the pirates waiting under the Ohki ship.
Ryobachi yells back at Young Ryoko amazed by her rejection of him.}

Ryobachi:  Hey!!  What?  Did living in the Jurai Empire make you not like Ryoan men anymore, you
	little bitch?!

{Young Ryoko spins around to face Ryobachi with red energy crackling around her hands.  Ryobachi
folds his arms and glares back at her.  Young Nagi comes up to Ryoshu's casket behind Ryobachi.
The action freezes while Ryoko glares at Ryobachi and her younger self.  Cassandra turns to
Ryoko curious.}

Cassandra:  Who's the boy?

Ryoko:  He's the son of one of my father's former partners.  I was supposed to marry him.
	Personally, I hated the bastard, and I'm glad I haven't heard from him since then.

Cassandra:  I see...

{Cassandra looks over to Nagi standing behind her younger counterpart looking down upon Ryoshu's
peaceful form.  Both have a somber look on their faces.  Cassandra allows the action to begin
again.  Young Nagi speaks softly while Young Ryoko and her escorts board the Ohki and leave
while Ryobachi storms off in rejection.}

Young Nagi:  So, you are Ryoshu... my mother...

{Young Nagi lifts the veil from her face and pushes her cowl back from her head revealing her
purple hair.}

Young Nagi:  I never saw you once in my life...  Did you even care about me...?

{Young Nagi looks over to a log of the visitors to the funeral.  Ryoko's name is listed near the
top with the words "only daughter" written after them.  Young Nagi glares as her anger starts to
rise.}

Young Nagi:  I suppose you wanted a pure child... not this mixed blood girl...

{Young Nagi's fingers run over the name "Ryoko" when she swears to herself.}

Young Nagi:  Ryoko...  She is already wanted as a pirate even at her age...

{Young Nagi turns from the casket and starts to leave.}

Young Nagi:  I will make sure she meets the same fate as her father did...!!

{The actions stops when Cassandra looks up to the modern Nagi watching her younger form walking
away.}

Cassandra:  You wanted to kill Ryoko because she had what you didn't... a mother...

{Nagi turns away from the scene.}

Nagi:  You could say that...

{Ryoko looks on quietly as the environment changes to a cityscape of an advanced technology
world.  Young Ryoko flies at high speed through the streets of this heavily technological world
when Young Nagi steps out of an alley way before her.  Young Ryoko quickly comes to a stop and
gasps in surprise.}

Young Nagi:  Hello, Ryoko.

Young Ryoko:  A bounty hunter, huh?

{Young Ryoko smiles and waves Young Nagi off.}

Young Nagi:  I will get the reward for you, pirate.

Young Ryoko:  Oh yeah, sure.  There's no way you or anyone is going to catch me.

Young Nagi:  I told you I'll get the reward for you.  I'm not going to let you go.  Not you.
	Never!

Young Ryoko:  {Laughs.}  Okay, lady!  Then come get me!

{Young Ryoko flies up into the air and summons energy which she discharges at Young Nagi.  Young
Nagi pulls her whip and deflects the attack.  The whip then knocks Young Ryoko away while the
deflected impact hits a building causing it to buckle under the stress from its weight.  Young
Nagi's whip falls along the ground ripping it up also.  The area soon looks like a battlefield.
Young Ryoko regains her balance and then looks back at Young Nagi impressed.}

Young Ryoko:  Maybe I misjudged her...!

{Young Ryoko flies away from Young Nagi when Young Nagi pulls her sword and points the tip at
Young Ryoko's back.}

Young Nagi:  You can't run, Ryoko.

{The tip of the sword sends a blast into Young Ryoko's back when all explodes into white.  When
the flash subsides, Young Ryoko is on her knees with her clothes ripped and tattered from the
impact.  She looks behind and sees Young Nagi coming through a newly created warzone.  A Young
Ryo-Ohki hops up to Young Ryoko and meows in fear.  Young Ryoko looks down to the cabbit and
nods.}

Young Ryoko:  Let's get out of here, Ryo-Ohki!

{Young Ryo-Ohki transforms into ship form and teleports up Young Ryoko as they make a quick
escape.  Standing on Young Ryo-Ohki's bridge, Young Ryoko opens a window and sees Young Ken-Ohki
following behind Young Ryo-Ohki starting to open fire on them.}

Young Ryoko:  Ryo-Ohki, I know this is your first flight, but let's hurry out of here!!

{Young Ryo-Ohki answers in the affirmative and speeds up when a com-window opens from Young
Ken-Ohki with Young Nagi's face smiling in sadistic glee.}

Young Nagi:  We are having some fun, huh?  Aren't we?

{The action stops as Cassandra looks over to Nagi watching these old events.  Ryoko watches all
of this, remembering it and making sense of it in light of Nagi's identity.}

Cassandra:  All this because Ryoko took what was yours?  She took your mother away from you.

Nagi:  {Nods.}  Yes, I wanted Ryoko to pay for what I had to live through.

{Nagi looks at Ryoko and Cassandra with a glare full of anger and hatred.}

Nagi:  You have absolutely no idea what my life was like...!

{Ryoko starts to glare back as her own harsh words come.}

Ryoko:  Bullshit, Nagi!  You know nothing!  I had nothing!  I had to steal anything I needed or
	wanted because I had nothing save Ryo-Ohki's friendship until I reached Earth!  You had
	your father and the Jurai Royal Family on your side!!  You have no room to say anything
	about having nothing!!

Nagi:  Shut up, Ryoko!  You should know what I mean!  You live with Ayeka and Sasami!  Have they
	never told you about what the royal life is really like?!  You lived on Jurai for a time,
	Ryoko!  You tell me!  How would a Ryoan-Juraian mixed blood girl be treated in that
	society?!

{The background changes to Jurai as the wind blows through a field.  A familiar Juraian man with
long black hair and tan eyes, Nagi's father, and a Child Nagi stand opposite each other holding
bokkens.  Both are in royal robes, though Child Nagi looks very much like Sasami including long
purple ponytails that spike at the ends as well as on her head although held down by her
trademark purple hairband.  Across Child Nagi's face is the same Mark of Rage she bears to this
day.  Child Nagi, who appears to be about Sasami's age here, thrusts her weapon at her father.
Her father blocks the attack easily and retaliates.  She, though young, does very well as the
two spar in the classic tradition of the Jurai Royal Family.  A messager comes from the side and
stands before the two of them.  Child Nagi and her father stop sparring and pay attention to
what he says.}

Messanger:  My lord, it is the decision of the Holy Council that you should relinquish the girl
	to the protective custody of the State.

{Nagi's father sighs hard and shakes his head in defeat.}

Father:  I knew this would come...

Child Nagi:  What is it, Father?

{The messanger takes Child Nagi's hand and starts to lead her away while her father turns his
back and stabs his bokken into the ground and marches stoically away.  The scene cuts to a night
scene where Child Nagi runs up to that bokken.  She has minor cuts and scratches across her as
she stands before the practice weapon.  From her cloaks, she pulls a knife and raises it to her
hair.  The two long ponytails fall to the ground while Child Nagi's spiked hair takes precident
and flows around her face, short and in the traditional state of exile.  The action stops as
Nagi walks out and puts her hand on her younger form's shoulder.  Nagi's voice is very quiet and
somber as if a touch of kindness had entered.}

Nagi:  That was the last time I saw my father in person.  The Jurai Royal Family took me from
	him, just like...

{Nagi stops when Ryoko enters and finishes her words in the same tone of voice.}

Ryoko:  Just like I took Mom from you...

{Nagi's eyes glance to Ryoko who is looking onto Nagi's face with an empathy of sorts.}

Ryoko:  You know solitude just like I do...

{Nagi's eyes close as she turns from Ryoko and stands proudly with her back to Ryoko.  Unnoticed
by Ryoko or Nagi, their auras have grown in strength to be actually more than the original power
they had before Jezibel interfered.  Cassandra speaks to herself while this continues.}

Cassandra:  Ryoko's fear of loneliness is gone... She's found another with the same heart as her
	own...  her sister's...  Nagi's anger and rage against Ryoko are both starting to
	subside... It won't be easy for her, but I think she no longer holds her sister
	responsible for her life's situation...

{Cassandra's expression becomes more urgent as her thoughts continue.}

Cassandra:  This is good, for now they are my only allies against Will Pii and Nerti Ro...

End Scene 2

Scene 3

{Outside the chambers where Cassandra holds Ryoko, Nagi, Pii, and Nerti within her mindscape, a
man steps to the door to said chambers and reaches for the sealed door with his royal robes
draped around him.  A man's yell echos out and causes this royal to stop his hand before it
touches the door.}

Man:  Stop there!

{Kamidake runs out through the corridor and stops a distance from the man holding his staff at
the ready.  He then recognizes the man and loosens his battle stance in his state of confusion.}

Kamidake:  Lord Tensho...?!

{Camera pans up to the man's face to find the grey-edged face of Tensho gazing back at Kamidake
with some concern on his face.}

Kamidake:  What are you doing here, Lord Tensho?  Lady duSoleil explicitly stated that she needs
	absolute concentration to help Ryoko and Nagi, let alone the other two.

{Tensho turns slightly away from Kamidake and sighs hard.}

Tensho:  It's none of your concern, sir knight.  It's very personal.

{Kamidake's face remains kind, but becomes somewhat serious as he steps behind Tensho and speaks
quietly.}

Kamidake:  You are he, are you not?  You are the link in their...

{Tensho turns to Kamidake cutting him off.  Tensho gazes into Kamidake's eyes with a silent
strength in his gaze.}

Tensho:  Do not speak of it here, Sir Kamidake Juraiko.

{Kamidake nods to him with some understanding.}

Kamidake:  I understand, sir.  Millennia ago, I had to give up much, but she is...

{Tensho turns slightly away and looks towards the sealed door sadly.}

Tensho:  I know she's a powerful woman now.  No one can deny that.  {Closes his eyes.}  And, I
	have missed her... as well as her mother...

Kamidake:  You could...

{Tensho shakes his head as he turns back to Kamidake.}

Tensho:  She couldn't in the past, nor could she now.  I just wanted to know she was alright.

Kamidake:  {Confidently.}  She is quite strong.  I am certain that she will be perfectly alright
	given Lady duSoleil's treatment.

{Tensho looks up to Kamidake's expression of sympathy and confidence and smiles some with a
nod.}

Tensho:  I see.  Then, I charge you, sir knight, to look out for her.

{Kamidake is taken aback and blushes a bright red while Tensho chuckles some at the Knight.}

Tensho:  Don't take this wrong.  I am an old man.  A young man like you should do this.

{Kamidake's blush recedes some as he nods.}

Kamidake:  I understand.

{Tensho now has some tears appear in his eyes as he nods to Kamidake}

Tensho:  Good.  Please, just look out for her.  She is my only...

{Tensho stops himself and looks down before he turns from Kamidake.}

Tensho:  Speak this to no one.

Kamidake:  {Bows.}  You have my word as a knight, Lord Tensho.

{Tensho nods and walks away from the door and Kamidake as a tear falls to the ground from his
eye.  Kamidake watches Tensho leave with a mixture of respect and responsibility.}

Kamidake:  A father like no other...

{Kamidake turns and walks away from the sealed door as the scene fades to the imperial war room.
Yosho, Azaka, Azusa, and Angelbane sit around the main table with a holographic projection of
Jurai with all her defenses floating between the top of the table and the ceiling.  They
converse in a grave tone until the door opens allowing Kamidake to enter the room.  The others
turn to him as he walks to a seat between Azusa and Angelbane.}

Yosho:  What news?

Kamidake:  {Respectfully.}  I cannot say, Lord Yosho.  I gave my word to Lord Tensho that I
	would not.

Yosho:  {Nods.}  I see.

Kamidake:  It was nothing threatening to the strategical situation.  I assure you.

Azaka:  We trust your judgment Kamidake.  Do not worry.

Azusa:  Yes, we do trust your judgment.  However, the threat posed by Liaens is a true one.  He
	did try to conquer Jurai once in the past.

Angelbane:  True, sire.  I wouldn't doubt him to try again.

Azusa:  {Concerned.}  Might he be back to destroy what he could not have?

Azaka:  {Shakes his head.}  I do not believe so, sire.  He was a very proud and arrogant man.
	He would try to achieve his goal at all costs.

{Kamidake nods as Yosho speaks up.}

Yosho:  The only sure way we will know what he's planning is to know what the Ro girl knows.

Angelbane:  {Nods.}  I concur, Lord Yosho.

{Angelbane's face angles up as he closes his eyes.}

Angelbane:  That is exactly what my wife's goal is.

{Fade from Angelbane's upturned profile to Cassandra's down-angled profile.  Her eyes open upon
a landscape of a university campus set amongst green trees as well as a cityscape of fine
buildings.  Students walk around Cassandra, as well as Ryoko and Nagi behind them, as if they do
not see the three of them surrounded by their colored auras.  Ryoko takes a step towards
Cassandra with a question.}

Ryoko:  Where is this place?

{Nagi examines the uniforms of the professors, and her eyes show realization as she recognizes
this place.}

Nagi:  This is a branch of the Universal Science Academy.

Cassandra:  The Pentinon Chapter, to be exact.  This is where Pii and Ro grew up.

{Ryoko and Nagi watch the Pentinian children with their elfin ears and feline eyes scurry about
from class to class.  Ages range from five years up to sixteen with all the age groups
relatively separate.  Commotion starts to grow from a nearby courtyard as Cassandra turns to
it.}

Cassandra:  That's why we're here.

{Cassandra glances back to Ryoko and Nagi with a serious demeanor.}

Cassandra:  Be prepared for anything.  This is generated from Will Pii's memories, of which I
	know nothing.

Ryoko:  {Confused.}  Wait, you said that nothing in this fake world can hurt us.

Cassandra:  Yes, I did say that, but I also said that we could interact with each other.  He
	himself will be the one to be wary of.

{Cassandra walks towards the commotion as Ryoko and Nagi follow her a bit confused.  As they
approach, they find a crowd of students circled around four students.  Two of the four students
are easily recognized as Young Pii and Young Nerti in street clothes, though Young Pii still has
his trademark cap and visor while Young Nerti has her long blonde ponytail.  These two are close
together with Young Nerti wearing a massive blade from the underside of her right arm.  The
other two are two boys together facing Young Pii and Young Nerti.  One has black hair and grey
eyes with an energy blade similar to Young Nerti's metal one on his left arm.  The fourth person
has grey hair and yellow eyes while he wields a metal pipe.  The grey-haired boy swings the pipe
at Young Pii and Young Nerti.  Young Pii pushes Young Nerti out of the way and is hit in the
left arm.  He cradles his arm as they go to the ground a distance from the two others.  The
crowd starts cheering for either side.  Young Nerti turns to Young Pii aghast.  A girl from the
crowd reaches for the pipe-wielder.}

Girl:  {Shocked.}  Lyle, what the hell are you doing?!

Lyle:  {Softly to her.}  Go back, Ryomi.

Ryomi:  {Hurt.}  But...!

Lyle:  {Pleads quietly.}  Please...

Ryomi:  {Looks away ashamed.}  This isn't right, Lyle...  {Runs off.}

{Lyle sighs as he turns back to his prey.  Young Nerti looks at Young Pii's arm.}

Young Nerti:  {Concerned.}  Will...!!

Young Pii:  {Straining.}  It's alright, Nerti...

{The black-haired boy speaks to them as he slowly approaches.}

Boy:  You'd rather have a pitiful Terran like him than me.

{He stops about five meters before them and curls his lip in disgust.}

Boy:  You don't deserve my love, Nerti Ro.  We could have had something:  a family, a love, but
	you didn't want that.  You wanted...  {Looks at Young Pii.}  that...

Young Nerti:  {Turns to the boy with a glare.}  Shut your mouth, Leon Tae...!  A bastard like
	you doesn't deserve someone to love them the way Beth loves you!!

{In the crowd, another blonde girl shows deep emotional pain by Young Nerti and Leon's words. 
Tears appear in her eyes.  She looks to Leon for a sign.}

Leon:  {Looks to the girl, Beth.}  So what if she loves me.  {Looks to Nerti.}  She was only a
	pretense to get to you, but you don't care about what's best for all of us.

{Beth starts crying and falls to her knees.  She cries into her hands as everyone looks on.  A
Pentinian boy runs out carrying a powerfully made sword in his hands.  Leon raises the blade on
his arm at Young Pii and Young Nerti.}

Leon:  Too bad for you, Nerti.  You didn't listen.

Pentinian:  {Yells to Young Pii.}  WILL!!  CATCH!!  {Tosses the blade to Young Pii.}

{Leon and Lyle watch the blade fly towards Young Pii who catches the hilt and stands up in a
ready position, minus his injured arm.}

Young Pii:  Thanks, bud!  {Looks at Leon.}  Come on, you bastard.  {Brandishes the sword.}  Make
	something of it.

Leon:  {Angered.}  With pleasure!!  {Rushes Young Pii.}

{Young Pii stands waiting on Leon.  Leon swipes at Young Pii who defects his shot easily.  Leon
then stabs at Young Pii when Young Pii blocks the move and swipes a hole in Leon's shirt.  Leon
increases in rage and motions to Lyle.  Lyle moves forward, but Young Nerti swipes at Lyle's
pipe cutting it in half.  Lyle looks at Young Nerti's burning eyes and yields.  Young Pii smiles
as Young Nerti comes to his side as calm as a military trained warrior in battle.  Leon runs at
them.  Both sidestep his move, but he swings around at Young Nerti.  Young Nerti knocks his
blade away from her and smoothly lunges forward cutting his face.  Young Pii leg sweeps Leon and
puts the sword blade to Leon's throat.}

Young Pii:  {Determined.}  I told you to not touch her, Leon.  I swear that no one will ever
	hurt Nerti Ro as long as I am with her.  NO ONE!!

{Young Pii pulls his blade back and starts to walk away.  Young Nerti also turns her back.  Leon
gets to his feet and aims his blade for Young Pii's back.  Young Nerti suddenly looks back and
then quickly swipes at his gauntlet shattering his weapon.  Young Pii turns to see this.  The
Galaxy Police arrive and start to move the crowd away along with all the children save Beth who
will not go.  They come to the four combatants.  Two professors enter and speak to the officers.
Young Nerti falls to her knees in exhaustion.  Young Pii wraps his arms around her and holds
her.  The action freezes as Cassandra goes to Young Pii and Young Nerti.  She kneels next to
them with an empathetic gaze.}

Cassandra:  {Quietly.}  They... love each other...

{Nagi walks over by the boy that tossed Young Pii the sword and looks at him in similar physical
condition as Young Pii.  Ryoko steps over to Leon and glares at the twisted child.}

Ryoko:  This little boy should be put into rehab or something.

{Pii's emotionless voice comes from a distance away atop a Science Academy (SA) building.}

Pii:  I wanted to leave him with the humiliation of knowing a lowly Terran beat the great Leon
	Tae...

{Ryoko, Nagi, and Cassandra all look up towards that building and see Pii sitting on the edge in
full armor looking down upon the scene and no aura surrounding him.  Ryoko forms her sword while
Nagi pulls hers.  Cassandra spins around and raises her arms to try and placate them.}

Cassandra:  {Quietly.}  No!  No weapons!  I don't want to spook him off!  He's the key to
	Nerti's mind!

Nagi:  And, Nerti is the key to Liaens's plans.

{Nagi sheathes her sword and looks down to Cassandra seriously.}

Nagi:  You had best know what you are doing.

Cassandra:  {Nods.}  I do, Nagi.  Don't worry.  {Looks to Ryoko.}  Ryoko, please...

{Ryoko scowls as she releases her sword to fade away.  Cassandra smiles her motherly smile as
she turns back to Pii.  Ryoko looks away with some anger while Nagi smiles a little at Ryoko's
fortune.  Cassandra speaks to Pii.}

Cassandra:  Will, you know me.  It's Cassandra.

Pii:  I know you, Cassandra duSoleil...

Cassandra:  {Nods.}  Good... you remember...

{Pii stands and pulls out his metal sword with his visor targetting Cassandra.  Ryoko and Nagi
both take glares and reach for their weapons again when Cassandra whips around and pleads with
her eyes.  They both reluctantly relent as she turns back to him.  As she does the entire
situation changes to a cliff overlooking a great and beautiful lake scene.  On this cliff is
Young Nerti on her knees looking out across the waters below her.  Young Pii approaches her.  He
looks sadly to her and kneels beside her.  Pii, now floating in space above the scene watches on
as his expression turns to one of surprise.  Cassandra nods.}

Cassandra:  I know, Will...  I know what she means to you...

{The action continues with Young Nerti sobbing only making Young Pii's expression more
melancholy.}

Young Nerti:  My father... he...

{Young Pii puts his hand on her shoulder.}

Young Nerti:  He compares me to a woman he lusted after...!!  {Cringes holding her arms.}

{Young Pii wraps his arms around Young Nerti.  She buries her face in his shoulder.  Young Pii
takes off the cap and visor to look like a normal Terran boy.}

Young Pii:  {With an unusual kindness.}  Nerti, he loves you for you.  You might look like that
	woman, but he knows you're not her.  And, it seems that he genuinely loved her too...

{Young Nerti is quiet.  Young Pii gently pushes her upright and looks into her eyes with his.}

Young Pii:  Look, Nerti Ro.  I see your eyes, those pretty grey eyes, and I see your father in
	them.

{Young Nerti looks at him oddly.  Young Pii nods to her.}

Young Pii:  Your eyes look just like his, and you act just like him.

{Young Nerti sighs and looks away a bit.}

Young Pii:  Nerti, he, like any man, has made mistakes.  No one is perfect in this life, not
	even your father.  {Looks into her eyes.}  Not him... not me... no man...

{Young Nerti looks back to him, and they look at each other for a moment.}

Young Pii:  But, look at what your father has done since then.  He fell in love with and married
	your mom.  He adopted and raised you.

{Young Nerti is still quiet.}

Young Pii:  {Hurt.}  Look at yourself, Nerti Ro!  All you are is thanks to Rente Ro, the man
	back in that house who just let his heart out in the open to you and your mother.
	{Pleading.}  Please say you understand.

Young Nerti:  {Nods still shedding tears.}  I do...

Young Pii:  {Sighs.}  It doesn't make it right, but he's trying to make up for it.  {Touches her
	cheek with his palm.}  Let him, okay?

Young Nerti:  {Dries her eyes.}  I will... {Smiles a little.}  Thank you...

Young Pii:  {Removes his hand.}  It was nothing.  {Smiles a little also.}

{Young Nerti hugs Young Pii tightly.  Young Pii closes his eyes and reciprocates.}

Young Nerti:  It wasn't nothing...  Thank you, Will... for being there... for caring...  I...
	I...  {Stops and just holds tighter.}

Young Pii:  {Pats her back.}  It's alright...

{The action stops as Cassandra looks back to Pii in the air.  His face has tear streaks across
his cheeks from under his visor.}

Cassandra:  Tell me now, William Pii.  Tell me what your worst fear is, the fear that locks your
	mind away in these memories.

{Pii lowers his sword and speaks with a sorrow that his words could never express the true
extent of.}

Pii:  Losing her...

{The entire surrounding turns into an auditorium at the SA.  Students and professors fill the
room while a professor stands onstage with Young Pii in a early design of his current armor over
street clothes while Young Nerti stands nearby in a pretty red dress and white blouse.  Between
Young Pii and Young Nerti, a crate stands with Young Nerti holding on a rope to open it and
display its contents.  Young Pii and Young Neri are both extremely happy when bronze spines
shoot out of the crate.  Young Nerti is knocked to the ground releasing the rope while the
professor is knocked off the stage unconscious.  The crowd gasps at this while Young Pii runs to
Young Nerti's side and helps her to her feet.}

Young Nerti:  {Stunned.}  Wha... what was...?

{The bronze spines retract through the wood shattering it.  M.Nerti stands there with her silver
skin torn by the spines which now wrap around her body.  Her skin and the bronze mold together
into smooth armor around her chassis.  She turns and glares through her golden bangs at Young
Pii and Young Nerti.  The audience starts to scream and run out of the auditorium.  Young Pii
and Young Nerti do not know what to make of this turn of events.  M.Nerti speaks to Young Pii
and Young Nerti.}

M.Nerti:  I need no introduction, Mother.  {Raises her hand to Young Nerti.}  However, you have
	an appearance to make elsewhere.

{M.Nerti's hand starts to glow a sinister red and black as her face twists into an evil smile.}

Young Pii:  {Pushes Young Nerti with an adrenaline rush.}  Nerti!  Move!!  {Stands with wide
	arms before M.Nerti.}

{Slow motion.  Nerti falls to the side.  M.Nerti glances to Young Nerti's fall, and a
dimensional gateway opens beneath her.  Young Nerti's eyes look in fear at Young Pii's.  Beneath
his visor, Young Pii sees this and is horrified.  He turns and reaches for her.  She reaches
back for him as she passes into the gateway.  The gateway closes, and Young Pii falls to the
stage hard.  Real time.  Young Pii gets to his knees grasping at the stage.}

Young Pii:  {In great loss.}  Nerti!!  {Tears roll down from under the visor.}

{M.Nerti's fist comes at Young Pii and hits him across the stage.  He slowly gets to his feet.
M.Nerti walks toward him.}

M.Nerti:  {With disgust.}  E. Will Pii, my father... male human... Corrupted by the curse of
	idiocy that your Terran race carries... {Stops over him.}  Why did it take me so long to
	see your evil?  To think that you and Mother created me.

Young Pii:  {Under his breath.}  Why... Little Nerti...?

M.Nerti:  I am Mecha-Nerti, create by E. Will Pii and Nerti Ro's love for each other.  {Scowls.}
	However, my true purpose has now been realized in the destruction of Earth.  {With anger.}
	You corrupted Mother with your disease of idiocy.  I will have my revenge for you doing
	this to her.

{Young Pii presses the keys on his gauntlets without M.Nerti seeing the initialization the
gauntlet weapons.}

M.Nerti:  It will take approximately two years, E. Will Pii.  {Thinks.}  Maybe we should call
	you Evil Pii since that is your true nature after all.  {Smiles.}

{Young Pii pulls up the weapons to M.Nerti's abdomen.  M.Nerti looks down as Young Pii fires
both into her body throwing her across the stage.  Young Pii stands with tears flowing down his
face.  His rage-filled face is covered by the visor targetted on her.  Young Pii fires
repeatedly at M.Nerti's unmoving body as he crosses the gap between them.  He stops walking and
firing.  He stands over her quietly with rage still written on his face.  M.Nerti then jumps to
her feet and grabs his neck.  Young Pii grabs her arm to try and free himself.  M.Nerti's wounds
all regenerate by having silver tendrils extend over the wounds and assimilate to the old
structure.}

M.Nerti:  {Coldly.}  You foolish Terran boy.  You helped create me.  You are responsible for my
	existence as well as my very design.  I am in the form of the one you love.  {Smiles
	evilly.}  You could not bring yourself to truly destroy me.

{M.Nerti tosses Young Pii like a ragdoll into the stage.  She then ignites jets under her feet
which propel her to the ceiling.  She looks back as Young Pii forces himself to look back to
her.}

M.Nerti:  You will be blamed for this, Evil Pii.  I, as well as whom I now work for, will make
	sure of that.  I will see you on Earth... if you make it that far.

{M.Nerti punches through the roof and flies out.  The action stops as a subtle white glow
surrounds Pii standing on the stage while Cassandra looks quietly back at him from the empty
audience.}

Cassandra:  You care deeply for her and fear that you will never see her again.

Pii:  Yes...

{Cassandra walks down the aisle toward the stage as she continues to speak.}

Cassandra:  You became a bounty hunter to hunt down and destroy Mecha-Nerti as well as to find
	Nerti Ro again.

{Pii's aura grows stronger as his voice gains more emotion, sorrow.}

Pii:  Yes...!

{Cassandra floats up onto the stage and looks up to Pii.}

Cassandra:  You wanted to see her so much that you made a deal with Jezibel Kimitan to give your
	mind to her in exchange to have Nerti back again.

{Pii's aura flares out as he yells the final answer out to echo in the room.}

Pii:  YES!!

{Pii falls to his knees gasping as Cassandra kneels down to him and puts her hands gently on his
shoulders to steady him.}

Cassandra:  {Motherly.}  You alright?

{Pii nods slowly as he wipes the tears from his face.  Cassandra starts to help him up when he
gently pushes her away.  She is surprised by this.  Cassandra nods and takes a respectful step
back while Pii reaches his full height and looks back to Cassandra.  Ryoko and Nagi stand in the
audience seating area watching them.  Nagi's eyes take a mild scowl at her rival hunter.  Pii
looks down to Cassandra.}

Pii:  I guess I have one more thing I owe you, don't I?

{Cassandra smiles in friendship and giggles.}

Cassandra:  Hey, it was nothing.  You're alright now, right?

Pii:  {Nods.}  Yes, I think so.

Cassandra:  You don't have to worry about losing her anymore.  She's here with you.

{Pii nods and smiles some.}

Pii:  I know.  I can feel her warmth.

Cassandra:  {Seriously.}  Yes, her warm soul is here, but it is locked away under Jezibel's lock
	and key.  We needed to reawaken your mind before hers so we could bring her out.

Pii:  {Nods.}  I understand.

{Pii glances to Ryoko and then to Nagi and smirks to himself.}

Pii:  Were you able to settle things between those two sisters?

{Nagi glares at Pii while Ryoko holds back her laugh.  Cassandra glances to them also and
giggles.}

Cassandra:  Well... not completely...  though, they won't be preoccupied with each other since
	they have an enemy in common.

Pii:  {Scoffs.}  That's good to hear.  We don't need to lose another bar.

{Now, Ryoko scowls at Pii also alongside Nagi.  Pii and Cassandra teardrop while Ryoko calls out
to them.}

Ryoko:  Hey!  We don't have all day to listen to you two talk!  We came here to find out their
	plans, didn't we?

{Pii and Cassandra's humorous expressions fade away to seriousness as he turns to her.}

Pii:  I want to see her.

{Cassandra makes a gentle nod as she closes her eyes causing the SA auditorium to shatter and
dissolve into a white nothingness.  She floats away as a black beam shoots from below them
beside Pii.  This beam widens into a cylinder that fades down to show Nerti in her white and red
armor unconsciously floating amongst the darkness.  Pii raises his right hand and reaches for
her with a gentle sigh of her name.}

Pii:  Nerti...

{Ryoko looks at Nerti with a serious expression.  In her mind, she recalls the names of Illirg
and M.Nerti which did great harm on Earth months ago.  Nagi watches Ryoko's reaction with some
interest and then looks back to Nerti herself standing amongst the swirling darkness.  Pii's
hand approaches Nerti's cheek when her eyes pop open with a vile green tint all around.  She
scowls and pulls her scythe as the darkness explodes and coats the white surroundings with a
ooze mess, which does not adhere to the characters.  Nerti's body glows with a black aura as she
swipes at Pii and misses when he dodges.  Ryoko and Nagi see this and form or pull their swords
as they start for that location.  Pii and Cassandra back away from Nerti as she glares at Pii
with passionate rage.}

Nerti:  Negone!!

{Cassandra looks at Pii confused at the name.}

Cassandra:  {Softly.}  Negone...?!

Nerti:  You took Will from me, you beast!!  It's time you die!!

{Nerti swipes at Pii again when he pulls out his sword and blocks her scythe.  Pii's visor pulls
back to show his eyes looking on her with true empathy and compassion as he holds her at bay.}

Pii:  Nerti!!  It's me, Will!!  Don't you remember?!

Nerti:  How dare you compare yourself to him!!  You're nothing but an inhuman monster!!

{Cassandra's eyes glow green as her vision changes to Nerti's viewpoint which sees Pii as a
mutated and twisted version of himself.  Cassandra gasps and yells out to Nerti.}

Cassandra:  Nerti!  No!!  He's not that creature!!

{Ryoko and Nagi reach Cassandra and shoot at Pii and Nerti.  Pii and Nerti separate allowing
Ryoko and Nagi to fly past them without skirmish.  Nerti whips around in a ready stance facing
all four of the others.  Cassandra's aura grows in intensity.}

Cassandra:  Jezibel!  Let her go!!

{Nerti's eyes turn back to their normal white with grey irises as she lowers her scythe and
looks at them all confused.  Cassandra's eyes revert to normal as her face gains a worried
look.}

Cassandra:  {To herself.}  That was too easy...

Nerti:  I...?  Who...?

{Ryoko and Nagi both look at Cassandra in confusion.  Cassandra nods as she gathers her breath.}

Cassandra:  Jezibel made an illusion in her mind that Pii was a beast named Negone, responsible
	for their separation.  {Thinks.}  But, that was far too easily broken.

{Nerti looks up to Pii and is almost taken aback in shock.}

Nerti:  Will...?!  Is that you?!

{Nerti's eyes then clench in pain as the black aura flares out.  She cringes grasping at her
head as Pii reaches for her, but Cassandra holds him back.}

Cassandra:  No, wait!!

{Ryoko and Nagi both watch this and look upon Nerti's aura, now edged in red, with familiarity.
All the blackness that landed on the background rolls towards Nerti and merges into her aura,
making hers stronger.  Ryoko's mouth opens a little in the realization.}

Ryoko:  NVO Energy...?!  No way!!

Nagi:  {Glares.}  It is...

{Ryoko looks at Nagi confused.}

Ryoko:  How could you...?

{Nagi's glare only grows.}

Nagi:  Even a half-Juraian can tell what that is.

{Nerti's pain fades as she faces the four of them again.  Her eyes open with red irises and blue
corneas with a subtle and thoughtful smile written on her face.  Cassandra becomes pale in
fear.}

Cassandra:  Oh, God...  Not you...!!

{Nerti's voice echos as she speaks.}

Nerti:  Cassandra duSoleil...  it has been a long time...

{Nerti's armor suddenly flashes into a brown and red suit with a great red gem over her chest
with one white ribbon encircling her before reverting back to normal.  Ryoko, Nagi, and Pii are
struck by the image and are silent as she gazes back at them.}

Nerti:  I will give you this beautiful child for now... Her mentors are working as I have
	instructed them...  You are too late to save Jurai...  or this girl...!

{Nerti's eyes revert to normal as she faints.  Pii runs to Nerti and catches her as she falls.
Cassandra follows closely while Ryoko and Nagi stay where they are.  Ryoko gets agitated with
concern as does Nagi, though she hides her uneasiness well.}

Ryoko:  What did she mean?

{Pii puts his hand gently against Nerti's face causing her to cringe some and then open her eyes
weakly.  Pii looks upon her with concern while her face is full of worry.}

Pii:  Are you al...?

Nerti:  {Shakes her head.}  Don't worry... Warn the Jurai...  Liaens is here...

Nagi:  {Urgent.}  What is she attacking with, Ro?  Do you know that?

Nerti:  {Nods.}  Yes... it's... a device based off of NVO energy...

Nagi:  To what end?  What is it designed to do?

{Nerti's eyes start to close when Nagi dashes to Nerti's side and continues to question her.}

Nagi:  Hey!  Answer me now!  What kind of weapon is it?!

{Pii glares up at Nagi as his visor folds back down over his eyes.}

Pii:  Leave her be, Nagi.  She's exhausted.

{Cassandra then looks to the side as if listening to something.}

Cassandra:  {Slowly.}  Large, unidentified vessel approaching...

{Cassandra's eyes widen as she realizes Nerti's words.}

Cassandra:  He's here already!

{Cut to space where a huge spacetime gateway opens.  All the Jurai ships that are not docked
turn for the rip in the continuum as Liaens's ship floats through the hole into this universe.
Fade to a great hall studded with beautiful paintings with a great and ornate staircase leading
up to a terrace high above the floor.  Liaens stands before a monitor screen upon the wall
looking at the Jurai ships surrounding his vessel.  Jezibel steps to his side and smiles her
vile smirk as she folds her arms.}

Jezibel:  They do not even see it coming...

{Liaens's mouth molds into a pleased expression as well.}

Liaens:  I will agree with you on that, Kimitan.  This is a great day for our Lady.

Jezibel:  {Nods.}  Yes, she will be very pleased that the servants of her sister will no longer
	be a nuisance to her people.

{Liaens glances to Jezibel in a pleasant mood.}

Liaens:  Do you want the honor of eliminating the Jurai Royal Family?

{Jezibel shakes her head and looks back with a genuinely kind expression.}

Jezibel:  No, you go ahead, Liaens.  You have waited a long time for this.

{Liaens only smiles as he walks forward to the monitor.  A translucent console appears before
him.  He looks up to the monitor as his steel eyes start to burn with revenge.}

Liaens:  {To himself.}  You have failed Jurai.  Your planet and your people are mine after all.
	After millennia, I will have my revenge and complete my mission from my Lady.

{Liaens's face changes to sadistic pleasure as he places his hand upon the ethereal terminal and
speaks aloud.}

Liaens:  Activate the Aelins Reactor!  Anti-Jurai Device to full power!  Ready to fire!

{Jezibel thinks to herself watching Liaens's greatest moment in his life.}

Jezibel:  {To herself.}  He named Ro's generator after her...

{Pan to the side to find amongst the paintings a portrait of a woman with waist-length blonde
hair with two smaller tails of hair falling over her ears.  She wears a brown and red bodysuit
with white blades over her shoulders and others extending undernearth her forearms also attached
to her red gauntlets.  Her blue eyes with cross-irises gaze out to the viewer with a a hint of
remorse while the rest of her face is cold and unshaken.  Fade to outside the ship where the
Jurai vessels continue to approach.  Spike-like protrusions extend from the hull of Liaens's
ship as a stream of energy starts to flow from one point to the next creating a large circle
around the ship touching these spikes.  The ship rotates such that its underbelly faces Jurai.
In Azusa's war room, Azusa stands up suddenly knocking his seat to the floor as he sees this on
the holographic system.}

Azusa:  He is attacking now!!

{Azusa turns to Yosho, Azaka, Kamidake, and Angelbane who each are serious and concerned with
this situation also.}

Azusa:  Warn who you can.  I will coordinate the attack from here.

{Azaka and Kamidake stand.}

Azaka & Kamidake:  Yes, sire!

Yosho:  What about you, Emperor?

Azusa:  Guardians!

{The two Guardians, Azaka and Kamidake, appear flanking Azusa as he looks back to Yosho.}

Azusa:  Do not worry, Yosho.  Just take care of who you can.

{Yosho nods and joins the two Knights as they leave the chamber.  Angelbane walks up to Azusa
whose expression has become somewhat regretful.}

Azusa:  Lord duSoleil, I do not believe that I could possibly face Liaens and win.  {Sighs.}  I
	ask that you handle this situation.

{Angelbane's gaze becomes hard at the man standing before him.  Azusa glances back as Angelbane
turns from him and heads toward the door.  Azusa spins around to Angelbane leaving the room.
Angelbane speaks without stopping or turning to him.}

Angelbane:  I will help the Masaki boy do what you, in your cowardice, cannot do.

{Azusa is stung to the quick by Angelbane's words as the holographic image of Liaens's ship
releases its ring of energy towards Jurai.  As the ring flies, it leaves a conical wake behind
it that washes over all that the ring itself passes around on its trip, like a bubble flowing
from a moving child's bubble-wand.  This wake, or bubble, washes over all it contacts and
adheres to the surface of each object, touching every facet.  Azusa turns in time to see the
Jurai ships flying towards Liaens's vessel.  The ring passes over the ships causing them to be
enveloped in a red lightning which passes quickly over their hulls and leaves them powerless in
space.  This ring continues to Jurai as Azusa gasps.}

Azusa:  Oh God...

{Cut to the main ball room where Tenchi, Ayeka, Sasami, R, Ryo-Ohki, and Ken-Ohki sit at a table
together.  Most of the Royal Family here are standing and speaking creating a great clamor
throughout the room.  Ayeka's eyes widen as she grabs her chest and falls out of her seat.
Tenchi and Sasami both rush to her side.  Tenchi holds Ayeka in his arms looking down at her
with great concern.}

Tenchi:  Ayeka!  What's wrong?!

{Sasami's eyes fill with tears as she looks down on her hurting sister.}

Sasami:  Ayeka!!

{R looks to Ayeka and then yells to the room.}

R:  We need a doctor here!!

{Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki both hop on R's shoulders and call out as he does.  As these three yell,
Ryoko and Nagi both fly in heading for their table.  From another direction, Yosho, the Knights,
and Angelbane run in towards the same table.  The group meets together.  Ryoko lands at Tenchi's
side with a worried look on her face.}

Ryoko:  Tenchi!  {Looks down to Ayeka.}  What happened to Ayeka?

Tenchi:  {To Ryoko.}  I don't know.  It started right after the alarms blared.

Ryoko:  {To Tenchi.}  We have to get out of here.  Liaens is attacking Jurai head on!

Tenchi:  If he's attacking, we just can't leave all these people here to be killed, Ryoko!

{Nagi calls out to the crowd urgently.}

Nagi:  Father!!  Father, are you here?!

{Yosho stands upon the table and speaks out to the people.}

Yosho:  Everyone!  Please...!

{Just then, a bright light starts to enter the room.  The Knights take battle positions when
Tensho dashes a short distance away from the group.  Nagi sees him and reaches for his hand.}

Nagi:  Father!

{Angelbane looks around and then raises his hand, creating a field around their group.  Nagi
reaches for Tensho as her hand hits the shield and is shocked.  Kamidake looks up and sees this.
He dashes for her position.  The wake of the ring hits the room causing Angelbane's shield to
buckle.  All the Jurai in the room, save those under Angelbane's shield, are surrounded by the
same effect as the ships which were in orbit before they are left unconscious.  Ayeka's pain
increases exponentially as Tenchi, Ryoko, and especially Sasami look on.  Nagi reaches for
Tensho again as he falls to the ground when Kamidake grabs her arms and holds her back.  She
looks back to him angrily.}

Nagi:  Let me go, knight!!

Kamidake:  {Shakes his head.}  No, I promised that man, your father, that I would not let any
	harm come to you!

{Nagi looks back to Tensho as she struggles against Kamidake's hold.}

Nagi:  Father!!

{After the wake passes, Angelbane releases his shield and falls into a chair tired from the
ordeal.  Ayeka's pain passes leaving her weak looking up at those around her.  Nagi elbows
Kamidake in the abdomen forcing him to release her.  She dashes to Tensho's side and cradles
him in her arms.}

Nagi:  Father...

{Kamidake holds his side but looks on at Nagi and sees her rage start to grow.  Kamidake bows
his head.}

Kamidake:  {Quietly.}  I am sorry, Lady Nagi...

{Tenchi looks down to Ayeka who looks weakly back.}

Tenchi:  Are you alright, Ayeka?

Ayeka:  {Nods.}  Yes... I will be fine...

{Sasami bursts into crying as she wraps her arms around her sister.}

Sasami:  Ayeka!!

{Ayeka slowly puts her arms around Sasami and pats her on the back.}

Ayeka:  Do not cry, Sasami...  It will be alright...

{Tenchi watches the two sisters with great compassion before he looks over to Ryoko who has a
similar look in her gaze.  Ryoko's eyes move over and lock with Tenchi's as both realize the
seriousness of the situation.}

Tenchi:  Is it...?

Ryoko:  {Nods.}  We should have stayed and finished the job on that ship, Tenchi.

Tenchi:  {Nods.}  You're right, but we had to find out more before we blindly went in.  You
	were...

Ryoko:  {Closes her eyes.}  Tenchi, lives are for living, not running away.  {Opens her eyes
	back to him.}  You know that?

Tenchi:  You could have died.  You know that?

{Ryoko is taken aback.  She is silenced by Tenchi's words as he repeats the words from Jezibel's
fake world.}

Tenchi:  You always rush off to fight alone.  Don't you understand that as brave as you are, you
	hurt us more than your enemies?

{Ryoko's expression is dumbstruck.  Tenchi's face then turns compassionate as he goes on.}

Tenchi:  We are going to do this together, right?  No more running off by oneself to save the
	day.

{Ryoko's face relaxes and cracks a small smile as she nods.}

Ryoko:  Yeah, Tenchi...  No problem...

{Ayeka hears some of this as a tear appears in her eye and rolls down the side of her face and
into her deep purple hair as she lays in Tenchi's lap.  R and the cabbits look around the room
and see that the entire Jurai Royal Family is on the floor unconscious.}

R:  Damn...!  We're in deep trouble...!!

{The two cabbits nod in answer.  Pan to Yosho, Azaka, and Angelbane also taking in the damage.}

Azaka:  Landing parties will be coming soon.  We had best get everyone that we can safe before
	they reach us.

Yosho:  Yes.  {Looks to the sky.}  Also, we'll have to find out some from our new friends about
	this weapon.

Azaka:  {Nods.}  Agreed.

Angelbane:  Cassandra's working on that now.  However, I guarantee nothing.  Ms. Ro's mind is in
	a shambles that she may never recover from.

Yosho:  {Looks to Angelbane.}  Then, we had better be ready for a much more serious reception
	soon, hadn't we?

{Zip-pan into space where Liaens's ship retracts its spikes and turns on an approach course to
Jurai.}

End Scene 3

End Act 5