Dark Energy Trilogy
By William Benjamin Grilliette (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

All material of or relating to *Tenchi Muyo!* are copyrighted by Pioneer LD and AIC.
All material of or relating to *Men in Black* are copyrighted by Marvel/Malibu Comics and
	Columbia/Tristar Pictures.
All material of or relating to "Evil Pii" or "Nerti Ro" is property of William Benjamin
	Grilliette.
All material of or relating to "Angelbane duSoleil", "Cassandra duSoleil", or "Katiara duSoleil"
	is property of Jeffrey Williams.
More information about cast, plot, and story is available at http://evilpii.dorm4.org/.

Part 2:  Tenchi Muyo!:  Reunion
By William Benjamin Grilliette  (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Act 4

Scene 1

{Ken-Ohki flies through space at a hurried pace, ignoring all signs and path markings in a mad
dash towards a specific location leaving a purple light trail in his wake.  On the bridge, Tenchi
watches the stars fly by at blinding speeds with an uneasy face.  Ryo-Ohki sits on Tenchi's
shoulder and looks over to him worried.  Tenchi looks back to Ryo-Ohki and forces a smile.  Ayeka
stands gazing at Tenchi's kind expression as he ruffles Ryo-Ohki's fur.  Ayeka's expression is
not so much worry as it is longing towards Tenchi himself.  Both Tenchi and Ayeka are still
dressed in their best Juraian finery.  Ayeka sighs.  Tenchi hears and turns back to her.}

Tenchi:  Is something wrong, Ayeka?

{Ayeka blushes and turns away from him.}

Ayeka:  No... it is nothing, Tenchi...

{Tenchi blinks confusedly as Ayeka bows her head trying to hide the blush.}

Tenchi:  Something is wrong, Ayeka.  What is it?

Ayeka:  I... I am just worried about Sasami.

{Ayeka looks back to Tenchi forcing a worried expression.}

Ayeka:  She will be alright, yes?

Tenchi:  {Nods.}  Of course, Ayeka.  She has the Knights, Grandpa, Sagami, and R to look after
	her.  She'll be fine.

Ayeka:  Of course...

{Tenchi looks into Ayeka's eyes and gets more concerned.}

Tenchi:  Ayeka...

{Ayeka looks back, and the two lock glances.  The two are silent until Ken-Ohki meows and gains
their attention once again.  Both turn to see Ken-Ohki display an image of the commercial
platform with the bar that Ryoko went to.}

Tenchi:  Is that it?

{Tenchi hears Ken-Ohki meow to the affirmative as he looks to see Ryo-Ohki nod "yes".  Ayeka
looks at the platform confused.}

Ayeka:  The platform looks undamaged...  What could have taken Ryoko and Nagi both without
	causing major damage to this old platform?

Tenchi:  Something I don't know of.  Someone might know something down there.

Ayeka:  Should we take a look?

Tenchi:  {Nods.}  Right.  Ken-Ohki, go ahead and dock with the platform.  We'd better look around
	ourselves.

{Ken-Ohki confirms as the ship flies towards the docking arm.  Cut to the bar from Ryoko, Nagi,
and Pii's abduction.  Tenchi and Ayeka walk up to the doors and push them open letting themselves
in to see the empty room with several overturned tables and chairs.  Liquors stain the floor as
well as coat shattered glass from the shot glasses they were held in.  The two pass through the
dark room to the bar with Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki hopping along behind them.  Their royal robes
darken with the shadows of the surroundings as they look around the bar.  Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki
hop up on the bar and meow as they sit point to the stool Ryoko was sitting on.  As Tenchi and
Ayeka turn to the seat to examine it, a male voice comes from the door.}

Man:  Hey!  Whadya think you're doin'?!

{Tenchi and Ayeka turn to him.  The man, the bartender of this bar, sees the royal robes and 
becomes very nervous.}

Bartender:  Jurai royalty...?!  What next?!

{Tenchi and Ayeka both motion to try and placate the man when he turns and runs towards the door.
Tenchi points at the man and yells.}

Tenchi:  Ryo-Ohki!  Ken-Ohki!  Stop him!

{Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki both nods to each other and run up and bite down on the man's loose pants.
The man falls head over heels onto his face.  Ayeka looks over to Tenchi and teardrops as she
thinks to herself.}

Ayeka:  {Within her mind.}  Tenchi...?

{Tenchi and Ayeka both hurry over to the man and kneel at his side.}

Tenchi:  Sir, I'm sorry, but we're looking for someone.  She came in with this cabbit with her.

{Tenchi picks up Ryo-Ohki and holds her to the bartender's face.  Ken-Ohki hops over to Ayeka as
she speaks up.}

Ayeka:  Yes, and also another woman what was in your establishment with this small creature.  She
	has purple hair spiked and held down by a hairband.  She would probably be shrouded in a
	black cape.

Tenchi:  The other has cyan hair and wears and orange and black jacket.

Bartender:  If you're talking about Ryoko and Nagi, they're gone!  Both of them just vanished
	into thin air hour ago!

{Tenchi and Ayeka are both surprised at this news.  Tenchi gets more worried and continues
questioning the bartender.}

Tenchi:  Vanished?!  Do you know where to?  Do you have any kind of clue?

Bartender:  Look!  I have enough trouble without two bounty hunters and a pirate messing up my
	place!!

Ayeka:  {Confused.}  Two bounty hunters...?

Bartender:  {Nods.}  Yeah, Will Pii walked in here right after Nagi did!  That's when I bailed!
	I can't stand to see my place turned into a cinder by those three!

{Tenchi and Ayeka look at each other and simultaneously remember the dimensional nexus from
months prior.  Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka stand before M.Nerti on the black plane when her arms are
suddenly pinned from behind.  Pii shimmers into visibility holding her at his mercy much to
Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka's surprise.  Back in the bar, the bartender gets to his feet and runs
away.}

Bartender:  If you're smart, you'll get back to Jurai before they come back!!

{Tenchi and Ayeka stand together with the two cabbits at their feet watching the bartender run to
a docked ship and proceed to leave the platform yet again.}

Tenchi:  Pii survived?  If he was taken with Ryoko and Nagi, then this makes even less sense.  I
	mean who would kidnap them?

Ayeka:  {Shakes her head.}  I do not know, Tenchi.  Nagi and this Pii are both bounty hunters.
	Ryoko was a pirate but is not any longer.

{Tenchi starts to pace showing his worry more and more.  Ayeka looks on concerned about him.}

Tenchi:  What do they all have in common?  Ryoko and Nagi practically hated each other.  We don't
	know anything about this Pii guy...

{Tenchi stops and leans against a nearby wall.}

Tenchi:  They don't really have anything in common.

{Tenchi closes his eyes and looks at the ground as Ayeka comes to his side and places her hands
gently on his shoulders.  Tenchi turns and looks at her quiet face looking back at him.}

Ayeka:  It is alright.  We will find them.  I am sure of it.

{Tenchi looks back to the floor as he hears Ryoko's voice calling him in the distance.}

Ryoko:  Tenchi...!!

{Tenchi looks up and blinks in surprise to see Ryoko flying at full speed towards him with arms
open.  Ayeka steps aside as Ryoko wraps her arms around Tenchi and hugs him tightly with her face
buried in his shoulder.  Ayeka too is surprised as Tenchi puts his hands on Ryoko's shoulders
quietly.}

Tenchi:  Ryoko...?

{Ryoko looks up to Tenchi and nods with some tears in her eyes.}

Ryoko:  Yeah, it's me, Tenchi...

{Tenchi raises his hand to Ryoko's eye and wipes away her tears.}

Tenchi:  What's wrong...?

{Ryoko releases Tenchi and wipes her eyes quickly straightening herself back to a fake version of
her usual confidence.}

Ryoko:  It's nothing really.  Just that I have to save my sister is all.

Ayeka:  {Surprised.}  Your sister?  You never mentioned that you had a sister.

Ryoko:  {Laughs hollowly.}  Yeah... I didn't know either until today...

{Tenchi opens his eyes wide in realization.  He turns to Ryoko in his arms and looks directly
into her eyes.}

Tenchi:  She isn't...?!

Ryoko:  {Nods.}  Yes...  Nagi's my sister...

{Ayeka, as well as Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki, is taken aback by this revelation.  Ryoko nods to all
of them with a sort of unreal determination.}

Ryoko:  Nagi is my half-sister.  We had the same mother, and I have to go back to her.  She's
	still trapped on that man's ship.

Ayeka:  {Confused.}  What man, Ryoko?  Who took all of you?

{Angelbane's voice rings through the docking arm as it approaches the group.}

Angelbane:  The same man who kidnapped your ancestor millennia ago, young princess.

{Ayeka turns to see Angelbane and Cassandra walking towards them slowly.  She stumbles and almost
falls on her rear at the sight to them both.  Tenchi and Ryoko look back to Angelbane and
Cassandra.  The two stop with the others and bow in introduction.}

Angelbane:  I am Angelbane duSoleil, ally of the Jurai Royal Family.

Cassandra:  And, I'm Cassandra, his wife and partner.

{Angelbane looks at Tenchi and smiles at Tenchi with his arms still around Ryoko.}

Angelbane:  Strange to see the descendent of the Jurai King and holder of the Tenchiken sword to
	be holding a Ryoan woman as if he almost loved her.

{Tenchi and Ryoko both blush at his words as he steps over to Ayeka and takes her hand gently.}

Angelbane:  And, such beauty from a true Juraian noblewoman.

{Angelbane kisses her hand and walks back to Cassandra leaving Ayeka blushing red.  Tenchi is the
first to finally say a word.}

Tenchi:  {Embarrassed.}  I'm sorry, Lord duSoleil, but I don't really know who you are.

Angelbane:  {Laughs to himself.}  I see.  {Looks to Ayeka.}  I believe she could tell you easily.

{Ayeka's blush subsides some as she nods quietly.}

Ayeka:  Yes, Angelbane duSoleil.  You came to Jurai millennia ago and rescued Jurai King the
	First's daughter from the clutches of Liaens, did you not?

Angelbane:  {Nods.}  That is right, my dear, and he is the one that took your friend Ryoko and
	her sister Nagi.

Cassandra:  He's also got a third person that we have yet to identify conclusively due to the
	mental stress he and his crew subjected Ryoko to.

Tenchi:  You must mean that Will Pii bounty hunter.  We know him.  The bartender already said he
	was the third.

{Angelbane and Cassandra visibly recognize the name with some worry or concern but immediately
hide the expressions.}

Angelbane:  I see.  Two bounty hunters and an ex-pirate.  Interesting collection for him.

Ayeka:  {Curious.}  I know only what the *Legend of the Two Knights* says about the Liaens
	incident.  What could he want with them all?

Cassandra:  {Seriously.}  Beats me.  However, I do know he's got a group with him.  One of them
	is a strong telepath who was at least trying to gain control of Ryoko's mind if not all
	three of them.  We can't leave them there.

{Ryoko looks up to Tenchi's eyes pleadingly.  Tenchi nods.}

Tenchi:  I'll go.  I'd like to know what's going on myself.

{Ayeka looks over to Tenchi surprised.  Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki both hop up to Tenchi and Ryoko and
meow to the affirmative.  Cassandra smiles at the small cabbits' responses as Angelbane looks
over to Ayeka.  Ayeka's expression is one of uncertainty.}

Angelbane:  Princess, I must tell you this also.  Nagi is Ryoko's half-sister, but she is also
	half-Juraian.

{Ayeka looks back to Angelbane with a completely shocked expression.  Angelbane nods.}

Angelbane:  Yes, it is true.  Cassandra felt her power when she saved Ryoko.  Nagi is part of
	your family, Ayeka, possibly even a lady like yourself.  You cannot leave her where she
	is.

{Ayeka closes her eyes in serious thought as everyone looks over at her for her decision.
Ayeka's hands move up over her heart as she feels a spark of pain run through her body.  Though
she disguises the pain well, Tenchi as well as Angelbane and Cassandra notice it.  She then looks
back to them and nods.}

Ayeka:  Yes, I will go.  If she is truly of my family, then I cannot abandon her.

{Everyone smiles kindly at her as Angelbane turns back toward the docking ports.}

Angelbane:  Well, let's go.  We can't leave them there long.

{The others start to follow him as Ayeka trails at the end with many thoughts in her mind.}

Ayeka:  Nagi... a noblewoman...?

{Ayeka looks up to Tenchi and Ryoko walking side by side talking to each other quietly.}

Ayeka:  Tenchi and Ryoko...?

{Ayeka closes her eyes and bows her head slightly.}

Ayeka:  No...  It is nothing...  {Sighs.}  I was worried about her too...

{Ayeka looks up ahead of herself again.}

Ayeka:  Maybe I will find out why my heart is hurting so...

End Scene 1

Scene 2

{On the Gothic bridge of Angelbane's ship, Angelbane and Cassandra along with Tenchi, Ryoko,
Ayeka, and the two cabbits stand watching the ship fly through space and approach a brightly
pulsating circle of light surrounding another black emptiness dotted with stars out of alinement
with the stars outside the circle.  Ayeka holds her hand over her chest watching the circle
quietly.  Tenchi and Ryoko stand side by side looking curiously at the circle while Angelbane and
Cassandra look at it with full knowledge of what it is and of its importance.  Cassandra takes a
helmet with a large dragon fin and places it over her head covering her black spikes of hair.}

Tenchi:  What is that?

{Angelbane turns back to the others.}

Angelbane:  It's a dimensional gateway leading to a universe similar to this one.  That is
	actually where Ryoko was taken.

{Tenchi and the cabbits look at Ryoko surprised as Ryoko nods.}

Ryoko:  Yeah, I remember falling into a gateway back in the bar.  That Liaens got Pii to open a
	gateway into the universe and pull Nagi and me with it.

Angelbane:  That wasn't all Pii's fault.  {Turns away.}  Liaens had a little help.

Tenchi:  Help?

Ryoko:  From who?

{Angelbane is silent as Ryoko takes a few steps closer to him before Tenchi grabs her arm to stop
her.  Ryoko's impatience and anger are showing most definitely.}

Ryoko:  You're hiding something from us about this whole thing!  What is it?!

{Cassandra turns to Ryoko quietly and gently and adds.}

Cassandra:  It's something personal to him.  Just leave it be for now, please.

Ryoko:  How can I "leave it be" when more than likely that's the reason all this is happening?!

Tenchi:  Lord Angelbane, I know we aren't nearly as old or as experienced as you, but shouldn't
	we know what's going on?  I mean, we don't even know what's happening to Nagi.

{Angelbane sighs and looks back to them all with some regret in his voice.}

Angelbane:  Young Masaki, Liaens's familiarity with Pii's equipment is very easy to explain.  He
	is the man who took Nerti Ro from Pentinon all those years ago.  More than likely, she
	too is under the same power that Ryoko and Nagi were and are subjected to.

Tenchi:  I remember that name.  The two of them built the robot we fought last year!

Angelbane:  {Nods.}  Yes, Mecha-Nerti was one of the many projects they worked together on.  The
	two of them were probably the best of friends or colleagues... {Sighs.}  if not something
	more.

Ryoko:  So, what's that got to do with us?

Angelbane:  More than you know.  He too is probably under that telepathic control like yourself,
	Ryoko.  If we find either of them, they will probably be highly aggressive, alongside all
	of Liaens's other party members.  Nagi might too if she has been completely taken over.

Ryoko:  I know Nagi!  She's not going to let someone else control her that easily without a
	fight!

{Cassandra's voice adds a sort of maternal softness as she speaks to Ryoko.}

Cassandra:  That might be true, but all people have limits, even you and your sister.  Ryoko, you
	were almost in Jezibel's power when I rescued you.  Nagi was under the same stress.  It
	is possible that she's broken by now.

{Angelbane turns away from them all and sighs with some frustration.}

Angelbane:  It is much worse than you'd believe.  I felt a presence on that ship that I haven't
	felt in aeons.  I'm not talking about Liaens.  I mean someone infinitely more powerful
	than him or his allies combined.

{The gateway on the viewscreen widens for a moment as Ayeka feels the weight on her heart lift.
She looks around and then quickly adopts her normal demeanor before anyone notices her expression
of relief.  Cassandra closes her eyes, and the ship is felt moving into the rift.  Cassandra
reopens her eyes and looks back to the others with her seriousness plain on her face.}

Cassandra:  The gateway cycled open.  Time we storm the ship.

{Angelbane nods and looks back to Tenchi and Ryoko.}

Angelbane:  Given all I said, are you sure you still want to do this?  That strong presence I
	felt has left now, but Liaens himself is still very strong.

{Ryoko holds her head and stumbles some.  Tenchi catches her and supports her.}

Ryoko:  {Strained.}  Yes... I'm not leaving my sister there...!!

Tenchi:  {Worried.}  Ryoko...!!

{Cassandra kneels with Tenchi and Ryoko as her eyes glow green for a moment and then quickly lose
their light.}

Cassandra:  {Worried.}  Reentering this universe has heightened Jezibel's hold on her.  Resisting
	Jezibel's summons will be more difficult for her now.  I'm sorry...

{Tenchi looks to Ryoko with his concern plain on his face when Ryoko looks back trying to hold
control of her mind.  Tenchi nods and speaks gently to Ryoko.}

Tenchi:  Don't you worry, Ryoko.  I swear I'll get you to Liaens's ship.  I swear it.

{Ryoko is shocked as her own words echo through her mind from the flight to Jurai years ago.}

Ryoko:  {In her mind.}  Don't you worry, Tenchi!  I swear I'll get you to Jurai's Royal Palace!
	I swear it!!

{Tenchi helps Ryoko stand as Ayeka looks on at them quietly feeling isolated from their warmth.
Cassandra glances to Ayeka and sighs to herself gently as she stands.  Once in the new universe,
Angelbane scans the field of stars before him and sees a large vessel in the shape of short and
wide triangular pyramid.  The screen has symbols appear around the huge ship and start printing
text describing it.}

Angelbane:  There it is.

{Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, and the cabbits all look at the screen and are stuck by the size of the
craft, roughly one-fourth the size of Jurai or Terra.}

Ayeka:  That ship is so immense!  What would he need such a craft for?

Angelbane:  Possibly the same reason he wanted your ancestor, princess.

Ayeka:  {Gasps.}  To conquer Jurai?!  But with the Reunion, such a feat would be impossible, even
	for the Liaens of legend!

Tenchi:  Ayeka, we can find out what's going on after we rescue Nagi.  That should be our main
	concern right now.

Ayeka:  {To Angelbane.}  How are we to board the ship, Lord Angelbane?

Angelbane:  I see no exterior hatches.  I assume teleportation is their main means in or out.

Ryoko:  Then leave it to me...

{Everyone looks at Ryoko worried.}

Tenchi:  Are you sure, Ryoko?  You're...

Ryoko:  {Interrupts.}  Tenchi...  I can do this...

{Ryoko looks back into Tenchi's eyes determined not by Jezibel's power, but by her own will.  She
steps forward and holds her hands before her.  A spacial gateway opens before her as she
concentrates hard to hold it open.  Through the hole in space, the pitch black room she was in is
highlighted by her doorway's radiance and the lights from Angelbane's ship.  Tenchi, Ayeka,
Angelbane, Cassandra and the cabbits enter the opening and appear on Liaens's ship before Ryoko
jumps through.  The gate shuts behind her leaving them in darkness.  The blue blade of Tenchi's
sword appears and adds some light to the endless shadows as Tenchi uses his free hand to help
Ryoko to her feet.}

Tenchi:  You alright, Ryoko?

{Ryoko nods as Ryo-Ohki hops on her shoulder and nuzzles her neck.  Ryoko glances to Ryo-Ohki and
smiles at her.  Ken-Ohki meows to the positive also.}

Cassandra:  {Concerned.}  Ryoko, I tell you this first.  Do not wear yourself out.  You need all
	your will to keep Jezibel from completely taking your mind.  Also, you are our ticket out
	of this place as well.  Save your strength, please.

Ryoko:  {Nods.}  I understand.

{Ayeka walks up to the sealed door examines the panel controls.}

Ayeka:  I do not recognize this language.

Angelbane:  Nor do I.  I doubt that we could decipher the code in time to get to Nagi either. 
	{Looks to Tenchi.}  Lord Masaki, if you could.

{Tenchi nods and allows Ryoko to stand on her own.  He walks to the door and swipes the Tenchiken
blade through the door cutting a rectangular section out of the door.  He and Angelbane then hit
the section with their shoulders to force it out allowing the light from the hall to illuminate
the room.  Tenchi lets the blue blade fade away and stashes the hilt in his robes as he and the
others step through the opening into the brightly lit corridor.  Cassandra's eyes glow a gentle
green as her mind reaches out for Nagi.  Her eyes lose this glow as she begins to walk down the
hall looking at the doors urgently with great worry in her motions.}

Cassandra:  Nagi's in dreadful pain.  We gotta hurry.

{Ryoko's gaze cuts into one of vengence while the others nod in unison and follow her quickly.
Cassandra stops before a door gazes at it with a glare.}

Cassandra:  She's in here, and Jezibel is doing the worst to her mind...!!

Angelbane:  Can you break her hold?

{Cassandra nods while her concern grows.}

Cassandra:  I think so, but the moment I do, Jezibel's going to know, and we'll be in serious
	danger.

Tenchi:  We'll be able to handle them, Lady Cassandra.

Ryoko:  {Nods.}  No problem.  Leave it to us.

Cassandra:  Alright, just be ready to get in there and grab her once I free her.

Tenchi & Ryoko:  Right.

{Cassandra's eyes close as the scene fades to Nagi's mindscape.  In this universe of black,
Cassandra appears surrounded by a green aura looking on at Nagi surrounded by purple and Jezibel
by green.  Jezibel turns from Nagi and smiles to herself while Nagi concentrates to try and shut
out her pain.}

Jezibel:  You cannot hold my influence off forever, Nagi.  Soon, your will will be broken anyway.
	Why not just give up and make it easier on yourself?

Nagi:  And become a weapon against my own father...?!  Never...!!

{Jezibel looks over her shoulder back at Nagi with a confident look.}

Jezibel:  Why not?  You made yourself into a weapon of vengence against your half-sister Ryoko.

Nagi:  That was different...

Jezibel:  How much different?  You hate Ryoko with a passion unparalleled by anyone else, but she
	is truly not even responsible for your life's situation.  Your father is.

{Cassandra yells out to Jezibel.}

Cassandra:  Enough, witch!  Stop with your lies!!

{Jezibel turns and sees Cassandra in the distance.  Jezibel's confident demeanor does not change
save to actually increase in confidence.}

Jezibel:  I knew it would not be long before you came back for Nagi.

{Jezibel looks down to Nagi and scoffs as she waves her hand sending Nagi flying at Cassandra.
Cassandra reacts and catches Nagi with a confused look on her face.}

Jezibel:  You may have the bastard child.  She is of no more use to me any longer.  You have
	brought the others I want directly to me!

{Jezibel starts to laugh as the scene fades back to Cassandra and the others standing outside the
room holding Nagi's physical form.  Sirens blare when red light floods the corridors of the ship.
Cassandra's eyes pop open with a gasp as she reaches beneath her cloak to pull out a massive axe
and brutally cuts down the door with serious concern in her strokes.}

Cassandra:  Something's really wrong.  Jezibel freely released her.

{Ryoko holds her head and goes to her knees with pain filling her thoughts.  Tenchi follows her
down as Ayeka looks into the distance to see two shadows heading their way.}

Tenchi:  {Concerned.}  Ryoko...!

{Cassandra breaks through the door and jumps into the opening with Angelbane close behind her to
find Nagi still unconscious laying on an examination table just like Ryoko's isolation room.
Ken-Ohki hops into the room to Nagi and meows trying to wake her.  Cassandra goes to Nagi and
gently takes her in her arms when Ayeka yells into the room.}

Ayeka:  Please hurry!  Two guards are coming this way!

Cassandra:  Don't worry!  We have her!

{As Angelbane and Cassandra turn and start for the door, a red laser beam streams from the
shadows into Cassandra's back.  Cassandra falls forward and goes to her knees as Angelbane
catches her in her fall.  A hush resounds as Tenchi and Ayeka both look in at Cassandra with
great surprise.  Cassandra lays Nagi just outside the doorway as Angelbane helps her to her feet.
A familiar male voice almost with a snear in the tone rings out from the far left corner of the
room while a white gauntlet with red trim is raised into the light highlighting its laser barrell
in the far right corner.}

Man:  Welcome, old friend.  Had I known you were coming, I would have rolled out the red carpet
	and set out goblets of your favorite wine.

{Angelbane looks back to see Pii in full armor walk into the dull light, with a vile smirk on his
face.  A female voice comes from the right corner with a similar snear in the tone.}

Woman:  Of course, I could not let you have such a gathering without appearing myself.

{Angelbane looks and finds Nerti walking out in full armor also being the possessor of the weapon
that shot Cassandra.  Her facial expression mimics Pii's exactly while her eyes have a subtle
green glow about them.  Tenchi and Ayeka see them both and blink in surprise.  Ryoko looks up and
sees them both as she forces herself though the summons in her mind.}

Ayeka:  Mr Pii...?!

{Ayeka then looks to Nerti and gazes into those grey eyes highlighted by green light.  She
clutches her heart and stumbles some.  Tenchi looks over to Ayeka when a second door slams down
locking Angelbane and Cassandra in the examination room with Pii and Nerti.  Tenchi pulls out
Tenchiken and forms his blue blade drawing back to cut the door when another male voice comes
from the hallway.}

Man:  I would not do that, Juraian prince.

{Tenchi looks back down the hall to see Oniko standing with a red Ryoan blade in his hand while
his body is covered in the traditional red and black battlesuit.  Next to him, Seia stands
cloaked in black with her evil black eyes gazing back at the four outside the examination room.
Ayeka recovers herself and turns to see the two awaiting them.  Ryoko also glances over at them.
She pulls Nagi closer and forms her red sword with a glare at Oniko and Seia almost like she was
protecting Nagi.  Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki hop before Ryoko and bristle at Oniko and Seia.}

Ryoko:  No way you're stopping us...  No way...

{Tenchi glances back to Ryoko and nods to her before his gaze returns to Oniko and Seia.  Ayeka
looks over to Tenchi holding his sword tightly ready for combat.  She then summons her cylinders
about them all when her eyes turn back to Oniko and Seia.  Oniko just nods.}

Oniko:  So be it.  {To Seia.}  Just remember to take them alive.

Seia:  {Uncaring.}  Yeah, sure.

{Seia's body transmutes into a black and white copy of Kagato of Jurai.  Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka
are all taken aback by this.  Kagato-Seia just smiles as she pulls out Kagato's sword Key and
creates its red and black blade.  Tenchi looks over to Ayeka with a worried expression.  Ayeka
nods.}

Ayeka:  I know...

{Oniko explodes from his position flying at Tenchi.  Tenchi's gaze quickly shoots back to Oniko
and blocks his sword with his own.  Kagato-Seia slowly walks forward towards Ayeka who takes a
step back.  Kagato-Seia continues to grin with satisfaction as she can see Ayeka's fear of Kagato
is still fresh.  Oniko flies around Tenchi as the two trade blows.  Kagato-Seia raises her arm to
Ayeka summoning an amount of energy to her hand when a red sword flies up and stabs into the arm.
Kagato-Seia looks over to see Ryoko's hand extended as she was the one to throw the weapon.
Ayeka glances to Ryoko also and blinks in surprise.}

Ayeka:  Ryoko...?

{Kagato-Seia glares at Ryoko as she grips her fist breaking the red blade into red sparks of
light.  Kagato-Seia starts to fly at Ryoko with her sword ready when Ayeka jumps between them and
stops Kagato-Seia with her energy field surrounding herself, Ryoko, and Nagi.  Ryoko looks up to
Ayeka with a small thankful smile.  Ayeka closes her eyes and concentrates on holding the enemy
away.  Cut to the examination room where Angelbane helps Cassandra to her feet while Pii and
Nerti stand opposite them with Nerti's weapon still trained on them both.  Pii and Nerti's faces
mimic each other exactly as they now speak together.}

Pii & Nerti:  Angelbane duSoleil.  My Lady told me about you.

{Angelbane thinks to himself as he and Cassandra turn to face them both.}

Angelbane:  {Mentally.}  The two of them are speaking as one mind...

{Cassandra's voice enters Angelbane's thoughts.}

Cassandra:  It's Jezibel.  She has them both totally in her power.

Angelbane:  {Passionately.}  I can't leave him like this.  Not only is he my friend, but he also
	has dedicated his life to finding and rescuing that girl!  It can't end this way!

Cassandra:  {Hopefully.}  Then, let's not let it.

{Angelbane and Cassandra nod together.}

Pii & Nerti:  Surrender now, Thief of the Ages!  You and your beloved have been captured and will
	be dealt with alongside the Negative One and Golden Goddess of Destruction that you see
	before you.

Angelbane:  {Determined.}  And become puppets for your sick entertainment, Jezibel?  I think not!

Pii & Nerti:  You have no choice in the matter.  My Lady wills it.  Therefore, it shall be done!

{Pii's wings extend out while Nerti pulls out a small unit which immediately extends to a
threatening scythe with a dulled inscription on the blade.  However on the grip, the name "Ro"
can be read very easily.  Pii pulls his sword and allows his buckler to form while he draws his
laser rifle for his left hand.  Pii and Nerti approach Angelbane and Cassandra when Cassandra
vanishes and reappears behind Nerti wielding her axe.  Nerti spins around and easily deflects
Cassandra's axe while Angelbane draws his sword hilt and flies at Pii as the crackle of energy is
heard.  From Pii's point of view, a great blade extends from the hilt in Angelbane's hand for a
claymore's length.  Pii's jets shoot him into the air just before Angelbane swipes with his
sword.  Pii's visor lights up with targeting controls that quickly lock onto Angelbane's current
position and help him aim the rifle.  The beam streams from Pii's weapon at Angelbane who puts up
a shield which defects the shot between Nerti and Cassandra.  Nerti backs away and points her
scythe tip at Cassandra releasing an energy blast which Cassandra knocks away.  All the attacks
emit light or sparks that lighten the shadows of the dark room when Angelbane's voice enters
Cassandra's mind.}

Angelbane:  Cass, they are controlled by one mind, and one mind can't multitask like this for
	long.  We'll have to get Jezibel get so involved in the fight that her control will
	loosen enough to catch them both offguard.

Cassandra:  {Mentally.}  I agree.

{Cassandra swings at Nerti who catches the axe with her scythe and knocks it easily into the
ground while she pulls up her laser weapon to Cassandra's neck.  Cassandra grabs it and pulls the
weapon away while Nerti's smirking face gazes deep into her eyes with those controlled eyes of
her own.  Angelbane jumps at Pii who fires his rifle again.  Angelbane dodges as the beam slices
through his cloak.  Pii and Angelbane's swords meet as the two engage their blades into combat.}

Pii & Nerti:  Come now, both of you.  Do you not know that Will Pii and Nerti Ro have been
	yearning to be reunited for the past three years?  Can you not just leave them together
	in my care?

Angelbane:  Of course not!  Why be in love and together when a creature like you holds their
	minds captive with that very love?!

{Pii knocks Angelbane's sword to the side as he finally shoots Angelbane in the side wounding
him.  Cassandra looks up to see this allowing Nerti to fire grazing the side of her face and
pushing her down to the ground.  Nerti starts to swing her scythe when Cassandra kicks her in the
abdomen tossing her across the room.  Pii turns to see Nerti start getting up when Angelbane puts
Pii in a half-Nelson hold and lobs a small energy pulse into his side.  Pii is stung hard by the
blast and passes into unconsciousness as Nerti suddenly loses her awareness as well.  Cassandra
quickly gets to her feet and hurries to Nerti's side.  She gently takes Nerti in her arms as
Angelbane lands next to her.  They nod together when Angelbane swings his sword through the door.
Cut to the brawl outside the door.  Ryoko still holds Nagi in a defensive posture with Ryo-Ohki
and Ken-Ohki nearby.  Tenchi and Oniko continue their duel.  Oniko has received some cuts from
Tenchi's sword while Tenchi's clothes are merely unkempt and a little dirty from the ordeal.
Kagato-Seia lays on the ground surrounded by Ayeka's wooden shield cylinders which have
Kagato-Seia encased in a force field.  Kagato-Seia has a great burn on her face from a close
range energy attack even though she transmutes back to her normal appearance.  Ryoko sees
Angelbane and Cassandra walk out and stands herself supporting the unconscious Nagi at her side.}

Cassandra:  {Hurried.}  Are you strong enough to open a gateway back to our ship?

Ryoko:  {Shakes her head.}  Don't worry about it.  Let's just get off this thing!

{Ryoko holds one hand forward and creates a gateway that is somewhat unstable, though she
concentrates to try and strengthen it.}

Ryoko:  Hurry up...!!

{Cassandra hurries through carrying Nerti with her.  Angelbane calls out to Tenchi and Ayeka.}

Angelbane:  Lord Masaki!  Lady Jurai!  We have what we came for!  Let's go!

{Angelbane jumps through holding Pii as Ayeka looks to them.  She looks back to Seia and slowly
backs away towards the gateway.  Tenchi glances to them and breaks away from this fight with
Oniko still holding his sword ready in case he should decide to follow.  Once Tenchi reaches
Ryoko, he takes Nagi from Ryoko and stands next to her as Ayeka reaches them.}

Seia:  Do not believe that this is the conclusion.

Ayeka:  I do not doubt that it is not.  However, Jurai will now be prepared for you.

{Oniko bows graciously to Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka.}

Oniko:  You are a superb swordsman, Masaki.  I pray that you and I will lock swords again, but I
	don't believe that will happen again.  And you, Princess Ayeka.  You are a strong
	defender as well.  It was an honor.  However, you will realize that we will defeat you
	all soon enough.

{Tenchi looks back at Oniko as Ayeka releases her field around Seia and jumps through the rift.
Ryoko pushes Tenchi with Nagi through as she herself passes through allowing the gateway to shut.
Seia jumps to her feet and floats up into Oniko's face.}

Seia:  You just let them go, you stupid Ryoan!  What?!  Have you got a soft spot for Ryoko or
	something?!

Oniko:  They fought well.  I thought it honorable, and sensible, to leave them to their
	departure.  They did defeat both of us, after all.

Seia:  Not completely...

{Seia floats down to the ground as the two of them turn from the wartorn corridor back to where
they came.  Fade to Jezibel's chambers.  This room is grand and beautifully decorated with
tapestries and artworks.  Jezibel stands glaring into her body-height mirror at not her
reflection, but Pii and Nerti's staring blankly back at her.}

Jezibel:  Damn you both...!  Worthless, the both of you...!!

{Jezibel's reflection changes back to a reflection of herself as she turns away enraged.}

Jezibel:  All of them slipped through my fingers!  The "Woman of Darkness to be of the Light",
	the "Bastard of Light and Dark", the "Negative One", the "Thief of the Ages"...!!  All of
	them!!

{Jezibel generates a green bolt of energy and throws it fast into the door where it explodes
doing little damage to the heavily constructed door.}

Jezibel:  I had four of the prophesied six in my grasp, and they escaped!!  Even the blonde child
	my Lady wanted!!

{Jezibel frowns and closes her eyes when her usual evil smile returns slowly.}

Jezibel:  They will head for Jurai and land there.  We are already in route there...  We can just
	continue as planned and have them at our comlete mercy!  Excellent!!  All because of
	Nerti Ro's hard work for the past three years!!

{Jezibel laughs as the scene fades to black.}

End Scene 2

End Act 4