Dark Energy Trilogy
By William Benjamin Grilliette (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

All material of or relating to *Tenchi Muyo!* are copyrighted by Pioneer LD and AIC.
All material of or relating to *Men in Black* are copyrighted by Marvel/Malibu Comics and
	Columbia/Tristar Pictures.
All material of or relating to "Evil Pii" or "Nerti Ro" is property of William Benjamin
	Grilliette.
All material of or relating to "Angelbane duSoleil", "Cassandra duSoleil", or "Katiara duSoleil"
	is property of Jeffrey Williams.
More information about cast, plot, and story is available at http://evilpii.dorm4.org/.

Part 2:  Tenchi Muyo!:  Reunion
By William Benjamin Grilliette  (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Act 2

Scene 1

{A black universe devoid of light echos in silence.  Pan through the darkness to a dull white
aura surrounding Pii's form unconscious in this universe.  He lays motionless floating in this
nothingness when a gentle voice is heard, Nerti's voice.}

Nerti:  Will...  Will Pii...

{Pii's head moves as his life starts to return to him.  He raises the black visor from before his
brown eyes to see Nerti's form standing before him with arms open to him.  Her body is covered in
a red bodysuit with white armor atop it without an aura around her.  Her blonde hair falls around
her face gently and in the ponytail behind her as her grey eyes gaze back at him kindly.  Pii
blinks in disbelief.}

Pii:  Nerti...?!

{Nerti's eyes go sad when they look back to Pii.}

Nerti:  You promised you'd protect me...

{Nerti's red bodysuit begins to flow from her body and onto the black plane below her like a
thick ooze covering her body and armor that gives off the smell of blood.  Pii's face turns from
disbelief to horror as he rolls to a standing position reaching for Nerti.  However every time he
reaches for her, she is moved just out of reach.  Pii yells in despiration.}

Pii:  Nerti!!  No!!  Don't die!!

{A cocky and arrogant female voice enters the void.}

Woman:  How touching.  The knight trying to save his princess.

{Pii ignores this voice and continues to reach for Nerti.}

Woman:  Do you not know that it is futile to try and take her back home?  She is too far gone
	from that life to ever return.  She is lost!

{Pii yells back to the voice.}

Pii:  She's not too far gone!!  I'll find a way!!  I'll bring her home like I swore to her
	parents!!

{A woman in a green cloak with short, fire red hair appears before Pii and puts her hand around
his throat raising him off the ground.  Her piercing and malevolent green eyes penetrate to Pii's
very soul as she stares into his eyes while her body is surrounded by a green aura.}

Woman:  While you formulate some plan to save her from her destiny, you hurt her all the more!
	Think of her anguish when Mecha-Nerti was destroyed!

{Nerti falls to her knees in the blood below her and looks back to Pii hurt deeply.  Pii looks
back at her sharing her pain.  The woman's lips curl into a cruel smile at this delicious scene.}

Woman:  Think of her torment when she found out you, Will Pii, were involved in the destruction
	of your shared creation... the murder of your own daughter!!

{Tears roll down Pii's cheeks as he watches Nerti's tears fall from her face into the pool of
blood around her.  She slowly falls down in the pool weakly with all that blood coating her hair
and the right side of her face.  Pii shuts his eyes and speaks to himself quietly.}

Pii:  This can't be real...!!  It can't...!!

{The woman's smile only becomes more amused with Pii's tears and words.}

Woman:  That is your deepest held fear, is it not?  You fear that she will pay for your mistakes,
	that you will never save her.  You do not even realize who and what she is, but you
	dedicate yourself to her preservation.

{The woman tosses Pii to the side and looks at him crumpled in a heap of sorrow.  She looks over
to Pii who lays on the plane beating his fists into the ground cursing himself under his breath}

Woman:  A truly pathetic child.

{The woman approaches and kneels next to him hiding her sadistic smile under a false look of
concern.}

Woman:  I can make all this pain go away.  I can make it like she was never hurt.

{Pii looks up and back to the woman.  Behind her, Nerti walks up strong and healthy untouched by
the blood.  However, the right side of Nerti's face now bears a black mark spanning from her chin
to her hair line and flaring onto her cheek and around her eye.  Nerti places her hands on the
woman's shoulder.}

Nerti:  Come, Will.  We can be together like we were.  {Smiles lovingly.}  Maybe even the way we
	always wanted to be...

Woman:  I can make the world any way you want it.  You just have to trust me.

{Pii looks longingly back to Nerti and then back to the woman.  The woman offers her hand.  Pii
hesitantly outstretches his hand to her.  Pii takes another look a Nerti's darkened face as her
smile melts away his apprehension.}

Nerti:  Jezibel Kimitan is our friend, Will.  She brought us back together.

{Pii takes the woman Jezibel's hand.  Suddenly, Nerti and Jezibel both vanish as Jezibel's evil
cackle sounds throughout the plane.  A glass wall appears around Pii on all sides.}

Jezibel:  {Laughing.}  Welcome to the service of my Lady!  Today begins your real destiny,
	Negative One!

{Pii pounds on the walls of the glass case fruitlessly when Jezibel appears before him outside
the case looking back.  Pii glares with pure hatred and rage at her.}

Pii:  You lying...!!

Jezibel:  I did not lie.  You will see Nerti Ro again.  That is for certain.  {Smirks to
	herself.}  However, I did not say whether you would be in control of your body when you
	did.

Pii:  What are you talking about?!

{The white aura around Pii melts away and is summoned around Jezibel fusing with her green aura.}

Jezibel:  Patience, my slave.  Soon, you will not have to worry about anything... ever again.

{Jezibel's cruel smile reappears as she vanishes laughing at Pii's gullibility.  Pii returns to
pounding on the case and yelling out into the blackness.}

Pii:  Nerti!!

End Scene 1

Scene 2

{Nagi floats alone in the blackness of space with a subtle purple aura surrounding her body in
this emptiness.  Ryoko's voice speaks to Nagi mocking her.}

Ryoko:  Wake up, Nagi.  You keep sleeping, and you'll miss your chance to take my head like you
	promised!

{Nagi forces herself to wake and sees Ryoko floating centimeters from her face with a sadistic
grin on her lips.  Nagi's eyes glare back in hatred as her hands reach out for Ryoko's neck.
Ryoko teleports a distance away looking back at Nagi with a vile expression of pleasure on her
face.}

Ryoko:  You've dedicated your life to chasing me even though you know you'll never catch me.

{Nagi suddenly explodes into a high speed flight directly for Ryoko.  In Nagi's hands, red energy
starts to spark and condense into a pair of energy pulses.  Nagi throws the two pulses at Ryoko
and draws her sword and whip when Ryoko teleports behind Nagi and tosses a blast at her.  Nagi
stops and whips around to send a blast from her sword to dissipate Ryoko's.  Ryoko puts her hands
on her hips as Nagi holds her weapons tightly with a cold look back at Ryoko.}

Ryoko:  I've always wondered, Nagi.  Why is it that you've dedicated yourself to hunting me?
	{Starts to turn away.}  Is it because I am everything you don't want to be?  Free...
	Honest to myself...  A woman?

{Nagi flies at Ryoko against bringing her sword back to strike as Ryoko turns her back.  Ryoko's
voice suddenly sounds older and more peaceful.}

Ryoko:  Or is it because of me?

{Suddenly, Ryoko looks over her shoulder as her entire form changes into another Ryoan woman very
similar to Ryoko.  Her hair is a soft brown in a long and spiked ponytail while her eyes glare
back at Nagi in a deep blue.  She is dressed in a soft, flowing dress of the most beautiful pink.
Nagi's mouth opens a little as her sword and whip fall from her hands onto the black ground plane
below.  As Nagi floats in the air at a loss for words, the new woman lands on the ground as a
Juraian man dressed in royal robes with long purple hair walks up to the woman and embraces her
lustfully.}

Woman:  Do you see something you don't like, Nagi?

{Nagi turns away and takes a deep breath releasing it slowly and full of anger.  Her hands wrap
into fists as her face contorts with her hatred.  The woman's lips curl into a cruel smile
looking back at Nagi.}

Woman:  Are you shamed by us, Nagi?  Do we disgust you?

{The man starts to kiss the woman's arm and neck.  Nagi hears these kisses and only clinches her
hands and eyes tighter.  Blood starts to drip from where her nails have penetrated her palms
while tears roll down her cheeks.}

Woman:  You don't like the fact that you were our child, do you?  That our lust ended in your
	birth?

{Nagi looks back over her shoulder at the man and woman together on the ground.  Nagi's red eyes
dance with a mixture of shame and hatred looking back at them both.}

Nagi:  {Quietly.}  I hate that you abandoned me...

{Jezibel's voice echos in the darkness.  Her usual arrogance is obvious in her voice.}

Jezibel:  Is this what you hate, Nagi?  That you were the bastard child of a Juraian noble and a
	Ryoan woman?  That they bore you and then gave you up so easily?

Nagi:  {Hatefully.}  Yes...

{Jezibel appears next in front of Nagi with her green aura adhering to her body.  She grabs
Nagi's chin with her hand and turns her head to face her.  Jezibel's eyes gaze back at Nagi with
her cocky confidence as her lips smile with satisfaction.}

Jezibel:  Then, help us destroy your father's race.  If he did not seduce your mother, she would
	still have been a virtuous woman in the Ryoan race.

{Jezibel releases Nagi's chin as Nagi closes her eyes and holds her head like she was having pain
within her mind.  Nagi's purple aura starts to melt away from her and merge into Jezibel's when a
small white division comes between Jezibel's aura and Nagi's.}

Nagi:  No...  My father taught me the sword...  Mother left me with him...  He raised me...

{Jezibel's expression changes to one of impatience at Nagi's interjection.}

Jezibel:  But, he still left you alone!  He sent you to live with a foster family!

{Nagi's aura, though weakened, makes a definite separation from Jezibel's as Nagi glares back at
Jezibel.}

Nagi:  No!  He did not want to!!

{Jezibel frowns at Nagi causing a shot of pain to run throughout Nagi's body.  The man and woman
standing on the ground vanish as Jezibel's aura increases in brightness when she folds her arms.
Nagi curls into a ball full of pain floating before Jezibel.}

Jezibel:  You will remember what I let you remember.  That is all you will know and all you will
	believe in.  To your mind, I will be a god.  Understand me, bastard bitch?

{Nagi's eyes opens forcefully and rain hatred and rage upon Jezibel's visage.}

Nagi:  Hurt my father...  and so help me...  I'll...!!

{Jezibel's smile replaces her frown with her satisfaction.}

Jezibel:  By your choice or by force, soon, you will not have to worry about anything ever
	again...  you Ryoan trash.

{Fade to black with Jezibel's vile laugh filling the emptiness once again.}

End Scene 2

Scene 3

{In deep black emptiness, a red light explodes with a woman's scream cutting through the silence.
At the center of this supernova is Ryoko floating alone releasing all her powers into her red
aura keeping the blackness as far away from her as possible.  Ryoko breathes heavily from the
exertion and holds her arms tightly to herself.  She looks around her fearfully at the quiet
stillness.}

Ryoko:  Isolated...  This place is so still...  so quiet...!!

{Tenchi's voice is heard in the distance with a shockingly hurt tone.}

Tenchi:  It's not surprising, Ryoko.

{Ryoko looks frantically around for Tenchi but cannot see him.  Tenchi continues his words.}

Tenchi:  {Accusing.}  You push everyone away when you're hurting.  You never explain yourself.
	You always rush off to fight alone.  Don't you understand that as brave as you are, you
	hurt us more than your enemies?

{Ryoko's face shows guilt and regret for the first time at these words.}

Ryoko:  Tenchi... I...!

{Tenchi appears floating before Ryoko looking coldly into her eyes.}

Tenchi:  You say that you love me.  How can you say that when you don't trust me enough to help
	you with your problems?

{Ryoko starts to reach for Tenchi when Tenchi turns his back to her.  Ryoko's eyes fill with
tears when she hears Sasami crying.  Next to Tenchi, Sasami appears and looks up to Ryoko.}

Sasami:  Why won't you be our friend, Ryoko?  We love you, Ryoko!  Why can't you love us?

{Ryoko looks down at Sasami deeply hurt by her words.  Ryoko closes her eyes and looks away from
Sasami.}

Ryoko:  I didn't want to hurt you...  If you got involved, you would be...

{Ayeka's voice cuts the air.}

Ayeka:  I actually thought you might be civil, Ryoko.  Now, I see otherwise.

{Ryoko opens her eyes to see Ayeka holding the crying Sasami tightly glaring back at her with hot
anger in her red eyes.}

Ayeka:  You are just like the rest of your cursed and exiled race.  Only a cruel creature like a
	Ryoan could gain Sasami's trust and break her heart like this.

Ryoko:  Ayeka...  Sasami's like a little sister to me...!  I'd never...!!

Ayeka:  Sasami is my sister, not yours.  You had best remember that, Ryoko.  I will not allow you
	to to hurt her.  You have no sister, no family.  I would wager you even broke your
	mother's heart, that is if she even had a heart to break.

{Ryoko's expression gains an aire of anger at Ayeka's new words.}

Ryoko:  Don't talk about my mother like that, Ayeka...!!

{Ayeka turns from Ryoko and continues consoling Sasami as the sisters and Tenchi all vanish when
Jezibel's voice enters the emptiness.}

Jezibel:  Is she wrong, Ryoko?  What would your mother say to you being a pirate?

{Ryoko hesitates.  She closes her eyes and bows her head allowing her red aura to fade down
around herself.}

Ryoko:  Mom wouldn't approve...

{Jezibel appears beside Ryoko and looks straight forward without glancing to Ryoko, her green
aura surrounding her closely.}

Jezibel:  Your mother Ryoshu would scold you and punish you for following your father's path.
	Was it not the Galaxy Police who murdered him for resisting arrest?

Ryoko:  {Quietly.}  Yes... they were...

Jezibel:  He died before you were even born.  You never got to see his face except in some faded
	photographs and, of course, somewhat in your own reflection.  You never had a family
	except for your mother, but then she died before you turned thirteen.  She will never
	meet Tenchi or any of your other so-called friends, will she?  The loss of what family
	you had is the true source of your fear of solitude, is it not?

{Ryoko folds her arms tightly and remains silent while Jezibel continues with a smile growing on
her face.}

Jezibel:  She will not even be able to explain to you about how your sister was born.

{Ryoko's eyes pop open, and she looks with confusion at Jezibel.  Jezibel just laughs as the same
brown-haired Ryoan woman from Nagi's mindscape appears before Ryoko.  This woman Ryoshu raises
her face to Ryoko with remorse and shame obvious.  Ryoko looks at her as her mouth opens slightly
speechless.  Jezibel's sadistic grin only widens at this.}

Ryoko:  Mom...!

Jezibel:  Ryoko, your dear mother has something she would like to tell you.

Ryoshu:  {Sadly.}  After your father died...  I couldn't bear the loneliness I felt...  even
	after you were born...  {Hesitant.}  I... I...!!

{Ryoshu shuts her eyes as tears start to roll down her face.  Ryoko is moved by her mother's
tears but is still speechless.}

Ryoshu:  I had an affair...  with a Juraian noble...!!

{Ryoshu finally bursts into a shameful sob.  She turns away from Ryoko while Ryoko has a chill of
ice run up her spine.  Ryoko starts to reach for Ryoshu when Ryoshu vanishes and is replaced by a
figure in a black cape and cowl with her face covered by a black veil.  Ryoko stops and looks
amazed at this all too familiar figure.  Two angry, red eyes look back at Ryoko through the veil.
Jezibel turns to Ryoko and speaks softly and confidently.}

Jezibel:  Can you see your sister's eyes?  Those red eyes have haunted you since your thirteenth
	birthday, those eyes which swear to your death!

{The figure reaches up and pulls off the veil pushing the cowl back.  A mane of spiked, purple
hair held down with a purple hairband flares from a beautiful face with the Juraian Mark of Rage
on her left cheek.  Nagi's red eyes glare at Ryoko with hatred and vengence in her gaze.  Ryoko's
face expresses total disbelief.}

Ryoko:  No...  No!  That's not possible!!

Jezibel:  Oh, but it is, my dear fool.  Your own sister hates you and wishes your blood to stain
	her hands.  That is your true family, hatred and solitude.  It is time you acknowledged
	this and quit living in your dreamworld of the Masaki home.

{Ryoko turns away from both Jezibel and Nagi with tears starting to roll down her face in shame
and sorrow.  Jezibel's voice turns to mock empathy.}

Jezibel:  If you want, Ryoko, I can repair your shattered family.  You and Nagi could be sisters
	as you were meant to be.  You just have to take my hand and trust in my power.

{Ryoko opens her eyes and looks up into the distant blackness in thought.}

Ryoko:  Nagi... my half-sister...

Jezibel:  {Nods.}  Yes, and she could be your close family if you want.  I can make that happen.

{Ryoko glances to Nagi's powerful form floating a distance from her.  Ryoko's mind continues to
ponder all this when she turns back to Jezibel.}

Jezibel:  You do not have to be alone again.  Your fear will vanish.  Think of what it will be
	like to be whole again, Ryoko.

{Jezibel extends her hand to Ryoko.  Ryoko hesitantly takes Jezibel's hand causing her red aura
to start to melt away and merge into Jezibel's.  The Nagi figure vanishes.  Jezibel's malevolent
smile reappears when a green energy dagger shoots through the emptiness and cuts Jezibel's hand.
The drain from Ryoko stops with Ryoko weak and Jezibel clutching her hand with a scowl across her
face.}

Jezibel:  Who did that?!

{Jezibel looks into the distance to see a small young woman surrounded by a similar green aura
wearing medieval mail over her body and her black hair bound in a spiked design on her head.  Her
black eyes gaze back with a burning passion as she speaks.}

Woman:  I won't let you hurt her anymore!

{The woman and Ryoko both vanish from the black space while Jezibel holds her hand and closes her
eyes.  Her vile grin returns as she speaks.}

Jezibel:  Another telepath...  How... delicious...

{Ryoko awakes atop a medical examination table in a room with subtle floor lighting.  Alarms
blare with an announcement system yelling out.}

PA:  Contact lost with Ryoan prisoner!  Oniko and Seia report to statis room twenty immediately
	to contain!  Repeat!  Contact lost with...!

{This message continues as a door slides open.  A Ryoan man with a red and black battlesuit
focuses on Ryoko with his golden eyes beneath his spiked green hair.  He holds his spear ready
while the diminutive girl next to him shrouded in a black cape and black hair as her coal black
eyes stare at her confidently.  Ryoko sits up and looks over to them shielding her eyes from the
light.}

Ryoko:  Who...?

{The voice of the woman from her mind enters Ryoko's thoughts.}

Woman:  Teleport away... before they catch you...!

{Ryoko teleports from the bed just as the man jabs his spear through the bed.  As he pulls his
weapon out the girl floats over to him smiling to herself.}

Girl:  Looks like you missed her, Oniko.

Oniko:  {Glares some at the girl.}  You weren't much help either, Seia.

Seia:  Well with all your training, you should have been faster to attack her than that.

Oniko:  As compared your vampiric transmutations?

{Liaens's voice enters the room via the announcement system.}

Liaens:  Oniko!  Seia!  Both of you save your energy.  You'll need it soon enough.

Oniko:  Understood.

Seia:  Confirmed.

{Cut to Liaens speaking into a device on his wrist amongst the other technology embedded in his
body standing before Jezibel in a tranced state.  The room is similar to Ryoko's cell except that
the floor lights are all green in color.}

Liaens:  I'll find out what went wrong.

{Liaens lowers his arm and glares at Jezibel.}

Liaens:  Idiotic woman!  You let the Ryoan girl get free!  {Scoffs.}  You probably don't even
	realize that you've lost her yet.

{Jezibel starts to laugh to herself as her eyes open to Liaens.  She looks to his surprised
expression with a satisfied grin.}

Jezibel:  I know that I have lost telepathic contact with Ryoko.  That is not any true concern.

Liaens:  Not your true concern?  What if she inferes with the Anti-Jurai Project, woman!  A Ryoan
	warrior is a very powerful adversary.  Though I am impressed by your initiative to try
	and stop the prophecy, you're tempting fate to destroy us all!

Jezibel:  History favors the bold, Liaens.  {Smiles wider.}  But, a foolish Proran man like
	yourself would never understand that.

{Liaens's right fist tightens with anger at Jezibel's haughtiness.}

Jezibel:  As our Lady's favorite warrior, I am also privy to her opinion.  She does not believe
	in that prophecy, nor do I.  Therefore to ensure its falsehood, I will destroy these
	three of the six involved in the first battle and end Jurai's hope there.  Do not forget
	that I successfully killed the mother of the two chosen as well as captured the Golden
	Goddess of Destruction Nerti Ro.  This operation is nothing so difficult.

{Liaens turns away from Jezibel and walks towards the exit.}

Liaens:  See that it isn't, Jezibel.

{Jezibel's green eyes illuminate in the shadows as the door closes.}

Jezibel:  I have full control of my puppets, you failure.  I shall orchestrate a symphony with my
	instruments.

End Scene 3

End Act 2