Dark Energy Trilogy
By William Benjamin Grilliette (evilpii@juno.com) and Jeff Williams (angelbane@geocities.com)

All material of or relating to *Tenchi Muyo!* are copyrighted by Pioneer LD and AIC.
All material of or relating to *Men in Black* are copyrighted by Marvel/Malibu Comics and
	Columbia/Tristar Pictures.
All material of or relating to "Evil Pii" or "Nerti Ro" is property of William Benjamin
	Grilliette.
All material of or relating to "Angelbane duSoleil", "Cassandra duSoleil", or "Katiara duSoleil"
	is property of Jeffrey Williams.
More information about cast, plot, and story is available at http://evilpii.dorm4.org/.

Part 1:  Tenchi Muyo! versus Men in Black
By William Benjamin Grilliette  (evilpii@juno.com)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Act 7

Scene 1

{Ryo-Ohki flies into the MiB hangar and docks.  Fade to a screen image of the docking.  Zoom out
to see Zed watching this monitor along with Sasami, Washu, Mihoshi, Mitsuki, and L.  Sasami holds
her hands together in worry while Mihoshi has a hand on Sasami's shoulder.  Her face is worried
also.  Washu watches the monitor intently as does Zed.  Mitsuki glances over to L who is watching
the docking with everyone else.  In L's hand is a clipboard with pages of notes on Mitsuki's
behavior.  Zed turns to the others.}

Zed:  They've all returned safely, it seems.

Washu:  {Turns to Zed.}  Yes, but Mecha-Nerti is still out there.  What's worse, she has Kain's
	energy at her command.

Mihoshi:  {Surprised.}  Kain's power?!

Washu:  {Nods.}  Yes, I classified the energy that Mecha-Nerti used against Pii.  It was NVO,
	same as Kain's.

Sasami:  {Holds her arms.}  It even looked like him...

Mitsuki:  Doesn't surprise me.  {Folds her arms.}  Nothing can stop Kain.  {Looks over to the
	others.}  Not even your elaborate plans could do it.

Zed:  Stow that, Matsu.  Nothing's unkillable.

{As Mitsuki speaks, Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Kiyone, and J reach the door to the briefing room.
Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka still wear the battlesuits from combat.  Ryo-Ohki sits up on Ryoko's
shoulder.}

Mitsuki:  Between Lady Masaki's battle and Kiyone's blast with the dimensional cannon, enough of
	Kain survived to return to Earth as both Illirg and Mecha-Nerti.  How can we be sure that
	they've killed Illirg let alone Kain himself or even be able to destroy Mecha-Nerti?

Kiyone:  Because no part of Kain survived the blast in 1970.

{Mitsuki turns to Kiyone surprised.  Sasami smiles to Ayeka and runs to her side relieved.  Ayeka
smiles down to Sasami and draws her close.}

Kiyone:  Washu confirmed Kain's energy as NVO and also did extensive analysis of the area.

Washu:  {Nods.}  Kain was completely destroyed in subspace by Kiyone's attack.  This NVO energy
	in Illirg and Mecha-Nerti must be from some other source than Kain, possibly from
	whatever Kain was spawned from.

{Everyone looks up to Washu with dread in their eyes.}

Ryoko:  You mean that there could be more creatures like Kain out in space?!

Washu:  {Nods.}  It's possible.  Some might be stronger.  I don't know yet.  However, these
	questions don't help our present situation.  Mecha-Nerti and Illirg both were sent
	here...

{Washu is interrupted by the alarms of MiB HQ blaring loudly.  Zed quickly turns to a monitor of
the docking bay where R yells at people in the background over weapon fire and muffled
explosions.}

Zed:  What's happening down there, R?  It sounds like a war zone.

R:  {Turns to Zed.}  That Z10 fighter designated Caroki is blasting the doors!  I think we've
	got full scale incursion down here!

Zed:  Have you got weapons?

R:  Negative, sir!  We're still trying to fortress the door, but a layer of armor gets blasted
	off every time we finish adding a new one!

{An agent yells back to R.}

Agent:  The doors are giving way!!

{Ayeka holds Sasami tightly while Sasami stays close to her sister.  Ryo-Ohki jumps on Sasami's
shoulder worriedly.  R turns behind him when Zed speaks and causes him to turn back around.}

Zed:  R, get everyone to the emergency barracks.  We're putting Code Thirteen into effect.

{R is shocked while J and L both are confused by the term.}

Zed:  Is there a problem, R?

R:  {Shakes his head.}  N... no... No, sir.

Zed:  Then get to it.

{R's image vanishes as Zed turns back to the group.}

J:  Code Thirteen?

Zed:  In case of alien incursion, we retreat to the barracks and self-destruct the base.  Those
	in the barracks and outside the headquarters will be safe.

{Everyone looks at Zed shocked.}

L:  You're just going to blow this place up?!

Zed:  {Nods.}  Yep.

J:  What's up with this?!  We can still defend this place!

L:  Besides, how do you cover up that an entire municipal building just blew up?!

Zed:  A terrorist bomb.  Look.  This facility's frame will still be intact.  Just everything
	inside will be atomized.  It'll be a nice situation for the authorities to scratch their
	heads about.

J:  This cover up bullshit sucks, Zed!

Zed:  No one will know about the MiB on this world, J, no one.

{Cut to the hangar.  All personnel have been evacuated to the barracks when the primary doors
are blasted open allowing Caroki to descend into the hangar and docks.  In the briefing room,
the building shakes as the primary doors are destroyed.  Tenchi steps before Zed.}

Tenchi:  Zed, it doesn't matter if people find out about the MiB if they end up dead because
	Mecha-Nerti kills them!  We have to stop her here!

Ryoko:  I'm with Tenchi.  You don't even know if the blast from your self-destruct will kill
	her or not!

Zed:  I know that, but it's our best chance right now.

{The building rumbles with small explosions, each closer to the briefing room than the last.
Zed stands as a console with a keypad raises up from the floor next to his monitors.  Ryoko
grabs Zed's arm and twists him around to glare into his eyes.}

Ryoko:  Look, bastard!  I've found more than a home here, and I'm not throwing that away just
	for your secrecy!

Ayeka:  I second Ryoko's words.

{Zed turns to Ayeka.}

Ayeka:  {Determined.}  We have all come to love this planet and will fight to protect it.  It
	has become home.

J:  {Seriously.}  L and I sure as hell aren't going to let her get away!

{L nods with J.  Zed looks around the room and sees a general consensus from everyone.  Mitsuki
speaks up.}

Mitsuki:  If Mecha-Nerti's got Kain's energy or even a part of Kain inside her, I'm going to
	attack her and execute her with extreme prejudice.  {Looks determinedly to Zed.}  That
	reason enough?

{Zed continues to look at all the faces determined to fight M.Nerti.  Cut to a shot of a door
being sliced in half.  M.Nerti streaks past it to the next.  Cut back to the briefing room.
Zed closes his eyes and sighs.}

Zed:  Alright.  If you want a chance at her go ahead.  I won't initiate the countdown until
	your attempt has failed.

Tenchi:  {Bows in respect.}  Thank you, Agent Zed.

{A door on the lower floor explodes as a gold and silver streak jumps from the floor through
Zed's glass walls shattering the glass.  M.Nerti lands and stands before them all.  Everyone
backs away from M.Nerti.  Tenchi and Ryoko summon and hold their swords standing before the
others.  Kiyone, Mihoshi, J, L, and Mitsuki all pull their blasters and aim at her.  Ayeka
holds Sasami and Ryo-Ohki tightly behind the others.  Zed stands just behind Tenchi and Ryoko
looking at M.Nerti's cocky stance.}

Zed:  What do you want, Mecha-Nerti?

M.Nerti:  To kill you, Zed.  You are the target that Illirg was sent here for.  Since he could
	not carry out the job, I left my observation post to finish you myself.

Zed:  But, why would you assassinate me when you have Jurai Royal Family and other alien
	dignitaries here?

M.Nerti:  Because, with you dead, the MiB will fade away like a bad memory leaving the Earth
	with no true defense.  You, after all, are the one that keeps many of the projects
	operating.  {Smirks.}  That is a major managerial flaw on your part.

{Zed teardrops while M.Nerti raises her scythe and starts to approach them.  Tenchi and Ryoko
both take battle stances.}

M.Nerti:  I will personally cleanse the universe of the Earth.  {Looks to Tenchi.}  It is also
	an honor to destroy the most powerful Juraian, the boy that killed Kagato and son of the
	woman that defeated Kain.

{Zed pulls out an old style standard sidearm and aims it at M.Nerti.  M.Nerti smiles to
herself.}

M.Nerti:  Stop showing off your weapons.  They mean nothing to me.

{Tenchi and Ryoko speak to each other under their breath.}

Ryoko:  {Worried.}  Her strength is greater than mine.  What the hell are we going to do?

Tenchi:  {Uneasy.}  I don't know...

Zed:  FIRE!!

{All MiB and GP officers open fire on M.Nerti.  M.Nerti twirls her scythe before her and
reflects all the shots fired in her direction.  Though all shots are nearly bull's eyes, all
hit her scythe and reflect.  Some of the shots reflect back towards the group causing Ayeka to
raise an energy shield around the group.  The MiB and GP stop firing once Ayeka's shield is in
place.  Tenchi looks back and notices that Ayeka's shield stops at the glass.  He smiles and
motions to Ryoko.  Tenchi and Ryoko both dash over to the glass while M.Nerti approaches and
touches the shield's edge with her finger.  She quickly pulls her finger back singed.}

M.Nerti:  Jurai Power?  {Looks to Ayeka.}  Oh, it's Princess Ayeka of Jurai.

{M.Nerti's eyes stare right into Ayeka's which are trying to hold back their fear.  Sasami
looks up to Ayeka worried, but Ayeka's mind is set and locked on M.Nerti's gaze almost
hypnotically.}

M.Nerti:  Come now, Princess.  Lower your guard.

{Ayeka shakes her head violently to block out M.Nerti's stare.  Tenchi and Ryoko use their
blades and cut holes in the glass.  Tenchi yells back.}

Tenchi:  Everyone!  This way!!

{Tenchi and Ryoko hold their swords at the ready while the others start swinging out the glass
down to the floor below.  M.Nerti just stands there and shakes her head at them.  Ayeka is left
holding Sasami and Ryo-Ohki with her shield up while Tenchi and Ryoko wait for her.}

Ryoko:  Hurry up, Ayeka!  We got to go!!

{Ayeka is shaken from her introspection.  She kneels down to Sasami and pets Ryo-Ohki on her
sister's shoulder.}

Ayeka:  You go on, Sasami.  We will follow after you.

Sasami:  But, Ayeka...!!

Ayeka:  No "but"s.  Hurry on.

{Sasami hesitantly leaves Ayeka's side and swings out the glass so the others can catch her. 
Ayeka backs to Tenchi and Ryoko's side while M.Nerti starts laughing.}

M.Nerti:  You really are stupid from all this exposure to Terrans, are you not?

{M.Nerti gestures to the group on the INS floor causing a force shield to appear around Washu,
Mihoshi, and Zed.  Each starts beating on the shield trying to escape.  M.Nerti gestures again
and creates another field around Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, and L.  Sasami curls up in a ball as if from
pain and cries out with red light sparking around her.  Ayeka runs to the glass and screams.}

Ayeka:  Sasami!!

{Tenchi and Ryoko both gasp and turn to M.Nerti with rage filling their faces.}

M.Nerti:  I see that you are starting to not like me much, Masaki.

{Kiyone, Mitsuki, and J fire their weapons on the shield with no effect save ricochets.  L
kneels down to Sasami and starts to examine her with a great amount of worry.  Washu looks over
to Sasami helpless while Ryo-Ohki meows in worry.  Ayeka turns to M.Nerti on the verge of
crying tears of rage.}

Ayeka:  Leave my sister alone!!

M.Nerti:  And miss that vengeful expression on your face?  No.

Tenchi:  Sasami's just a girl!  You can't torture her like that!  It's inhuman!!

M.Nerti:  Well, I am not human either.  Like it or not, I am in control here.  You remaining
	six will do as I command, or little Sasami, as well as the others, will feel pain
	undreamedof by mortal man.

{Ryoko starts to fly at M.Nerti when Tenchi grabs her shoulder and stops her.}

Ryoko:  {Enraged.}  You bitch!!  You're a monster!!

M.Nerti:  Quite right.

{M.Nerti motions to the shields causing them to float up and to stop flanking her on either
side.  Tenchi whispers to Ryoko.}

Tenchi:  Ryoko, we have to regroup.  She's got all the aces right now.  We have to catch her
	off guard.

Ryoko:  Yeah, but Sasami...

Tenchi:  I know, Ryoko, but we can't do anything without getting them hurt or killed.  We have
	to fall back for now.

Ryoko:  Alright...

Tenchi:  We'll swing down to the others and teleport to the hangar.  Alright?

Ryoko:  {Nods.}  I got it.

{M.Nerti stares into Ayeka's eyes again.  Ayeka starts to become afraid and uneasy again.}

M.Nerti:  You have felt the darkness in your soul, Ayeka.  You know what it offers.

Ayeka:  {Shuts her eyes tightly.}  I do not want the darkness!!

{Ayeka creates her cylinders around M.Nerti and shocks her.  M.Nerti gasps and grabs her chest
as she falls to her knees.  Ryoko sees this opportunity and flies to M.Nerti with her sword
ready.  Once Ayeka's shock is over, M.Nerti quickly brings her scythe up to meet Ryoko's sword
and knock her back to Tenchi and Ayeka.  M.Nerti's eyes glow a subtle red at Ayeka.}

M.Nerti:  You will wish you never did that, Juraian...!!

{Tenchi dashes before the two girls.}

Tenchi:  Ryoko!  Ayeka!  Get out of here!

Ayeka:  No, Tenchi!  You cannot fight her alone!

{Ryoko grabs Ayeka's hand and pulls her as she runs to the glass.}

Ryoko:  Tenchi knows what he's doing, Ayeka!  Come on!

{As Ryoko and Ayeka jump down to Kiyone, J, and Mitsuki, Tenchi backs toward the glass while
M.Nerti stands before him with a smile on her face.}

Tenchi:  {Gravely.}  This is far from over, Mecha-Nerti.  There is no punishment great enough
	for what you're doing to Sasami.

M.Nerti:  My father Pii said the same thing when I sent Mother to Lord Liaens and Lady Jezibel
	to be "reeducated".  However, your fate will be much worse than his, dear boy.

{Tenchi jumps down to the others as Ryoko forms a gateway.  All six of the free cast run into
the gate as M.Nerti watches patiently.}

M.Nerti:  Much, much worse, Juraian.

{Fade to black.}

End Scene 1

Scene 2

{Ryoko screams out with a great echo to her voice.  Her energy sword cuts through a catwalk
railing repeatedly and furiously.  Ryoko throws her sword into a wall which explodes creating a
crater.  Tenchi sighs hard standing behind her within the MiB docking bay.  Kiyone sits on a
bench next to Ayeka who is bent over crying with tears flowing down her face and dripping on
the floor below.  J and Mitsuki stand idle watching the others emotionally broken.  Tenchi
walks over to Ryoko and puts his hand on her shoulder.  She looks back to Tenchi with rage-
filled eyes and sorrowful tears streaking her face.  Tenchi's face is one riddled with
heartbreak of his own.  Ryoko wraps her arms around Tenchi and starts to sob on his shoulder.
Tenchi closes his eyes and puts his arms around her hesitantly but gently.  Tenchi whispers to
Ryoko as she whispers back.}

Tenchi:  Don't cry, Ryoko...  We'll get Sasami back...

Ryoko:  Tenchi...!!  I just want to hurt that Mecha-Nerti so badly...!!  {Clinches her fists.}
	Sasami's like...!!

Tenchi:  A little sister?

Ryoko:  {Nods.}  Yes...  {Looks up to Tenchi's face.}  How'd you know?

Tenchi:  {Looks back.}  Because she's like that to all of us, Ryoko.  She's so innocent and
	pure.  {Shakes his head.}  I don't want anything to happen to her anymore than you do.

Ryoko:  {Growl.}  I hate that Mecha-Nerti!!  She's worse than any criminal!!

Tenchi:  Ryoko, you have to let that rage go.  If you don't, you'll never be able to face Mecha-
	Nerti.  Your rage clouds your mind and keeps you from thinking.

Ryoko:  I know, Tenchi...!!  I can't help but hate her more and more as I think about her!!

{Tenchi glances over to Ayeka crying into her hands with Kiyone trying to calm her.  Tenchi
turns his face from Ayeka almost ashamed.}

Tenchi:  {In his mind.}  What's wrong with me...?  I'm holding Ryoko when Ayeka's the one whose
	sister is in danger...  {Looks to Ryoko's face.}  But, if I don't calm Ryoko down, she'll
	blaze in there and get hurt trying to save Sasami...

{Ryoko looks up to Tenchi worried.}

Ryoko:  What's wrong, Tenchi?

{Ryoko watches as Tenchi's eyes shoot to Ayeka and then back to her own face.  Ryoko sighs and
nods.  All the time, Ryoko's tears continue to fall on Tenchi's battlesuit.}

Ryoko:  Go to her, Tenchi...

Tenchi:  {Sighs hard.}  I'm so sorry, Ryoko...

Ryoko:  {Smiles some.}  I understand, Tenchi.

{Ryoko closes her eyes and gently removes herself from Tenchi's arms.}

Ryoko:  One day, Tenchi...  {Looks up to Tenchi's eyes.}  I'll tell you.  I promise.

{Tenchi nods quietly and starts to walk to Ayeka.  Ryoko smiles some at Tenchi as he goes.}

Ryoko:  {To herself.}  You're too kindhearted Tenchi...

{Ryoko turns away and leans forward against a guard rail looking at the nearly empty hangar.
Tenchi looks back to Ryoko and smiles some at her strength.  He then turns back to Ayeka and
kneels before Ayeka.  He glances to Kiyone next to Ayeka and nods to Kiyone who then pats
Ayeka's shoulder and goes to Mitsuki and J.  Tenchi speaks softly to Ayeka.}

Tenchi:  Ayeka...

{Ayeka peeks from between her fingers and tears to Tenchi's solemn face.  Ayeka removes her
hands to show her face totally distraught.  Tenchi takes Ayeka's hands and speaks softly to
her.}

Tenchi:  Ayeka, I promise we'll get Sasami back.  I swear it.

Ayeka:  I know, Tenchi...  I do not doubt that we can rescue Sasami...  {Closes her eyes and
	sheds more tears.}  I just do not want her hurt...!!

{Tenchi squeezes Ayeka's hand lightly.}

Tenchi:  She won't hurt anymore as soon as we stop Mecha-Nerti.

{Ayeka's hands clamp down on Tenchi's.}

Ayeka:  She is going through what I did from Illirg's attack, Tenchi!!  I do not want her to
	die!!

Tenchi:  {Consoling.}  Ayeka, don't say things like that.  Sasami will be alright.  L can fix
	her right up.

{Ayeka opens her eyes to Tenchi.  Tenchi smiles comfortingly to Ayeka and stands holding her
hands.}

Tenchi:  We stop Mecha-Nerti now, and all our friends and family will be free, Ayeka.  The
	sooner, the better for Sasami.

Ayeka:  {Nods.}  For Sasami...

{Ayeka stands with Tenchi.  Tenchi looks around to the others.}

Tenchi:  We have to go back for Sasami and the others.  I say we take on Mecha-Nerti and
	destroy her.

Ryoko:  {Turns back to Tenchi.}  I second that.

J:  {Raises his fist.}  Hell yeah!

Mitsuki:  I'm all for that!

Kiyone:  I don't know.  Think about it.  She has us outclassed with that scythe of hers.  Also,
	I don't think our weapons are strong enough to cut through her armor.

{Ayeka wipes her eyes and sighs hard.  She puts all the worrisome thoughts of Sasami's welfare
to the back of her mind and concentrates on the mission.  Her face reflects this change.}

J:  We could get to the armory and get some more arms, but the armory's just across from the
	briefing room!

Mitsuki:  Kiyone, what about a power armor from Yagami?  That should be able to distract Mecha-
	Nerti long enough to get some arms for the rest of you.

Kiyone:  {Nods.}  Yeah, and there's also some small arms on Yagami as well as your ship.  We
	could distract Mecha-Nerti enough for Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka to attack from her flank.

Ayeka:  It sounds like a good plan, but I noticed something that will give us an advantage.

Tenchi:  What's that, Ayeka?

Ayeka:  She is weak against Jurai Power.  Since all her powers are NVO based, Jurai Power seems
	to be her weakness.

J:  {Nods.}  Yeah, she fell down because of that shock you gave her.

Ayeka:  That gives us a weapon.  Tenchi and I can disable Mecha-Nerti so that the rest of you
	can retaliate against her.

Mitsuki:  It's a plan.

Kiyone:  {Nods.}  Let's hurry and get what weapons we can before we hit the armory so we can
	get to Sasami as soon as possible.

{The group scatters and heads to either Yagami or Mitsuki's ship.  Cut to the briefing room
where M.Nerti holds Sasami, Washu, Mihoshi, Ryo-Ohki, Zed, and L in force shields.  Sasami
cries in her pain while L and Ryo-Ohki try to comfort her.  Washu kneels on the ground and
watches Sasami helplessly.  Mihoshi looks on worried also.  Zed looks over to M.Nerti with
anger in his eyes.  M.Nerti stands before them calibrating a device on the tip of her scythe
without any attention to those she has captured.}

Zed:  What are you waiting for, Mecha-Nerti?  You came to kill me.  Why don't you go ahead and
	do it instead of torturing that poor girl?

M.Nerti:  The answer is simple even for a Terran such as yourself.  I must now destroy Tenchi
	Masaki as well as you.

Mihoshi:  {Looks over to M.Nerti aghast.}  Kill Tenchi?!  Aren't you doing enough here?!  I
	mean little Sasami's in such pain!

M.Nerti:  What is one Juraian more or less for the glory of my mother and my Lady?

Zed:  Who is this "Lady" you're talking about?

M.Nerti:  {Turns to Zed with a subtle glare.}  That is none of your business.  My Lady has
	nothing to do with these proceedings.

{L stands from Sasami and glares at M.Nerti.}

L:  Then tell us why you hate us so much.  Why do you hate Terrans so much to let this girl
	suffer until you get Tenchi Masaki?

M.Nerti:  {Turns back to her weapon.}  If you must know, Terrans carry a disease of ignorance
	that they spread around the universe.  As to why I fight this war against Terrans, that
	goes back to the boy Pii you saw outside before I shot him off to another universe via
	the NVO Energy.  My mother, Nerti Ro, was infected by this disease called humanity from
	him.  She possibly grew to love him despite his nature.  The two of them were nearly
	inseparable no matter the location or the situation.  This had to be remedied by...
	extreme measures.  In conclusion, I sent her to have this plague removed from her mind.
	She now hates Earth as much as a person should, and I am her messenger of destruction to
	this pitiful world.

{The entire room is aghast by M.Nerti's story.}

L:  The way it sounds, they were in love with each other, and you ripped them apart to
	brainwash her!

M.Nerti:  {Scoffs.}  Only a Terran would see it that way.

L:  You're a real monster, Mecha-Nerti.  You have done nothing but destroy people's lives!

{M.Nerti finished calibrating her scythe and turns to the doorway.}

M.Nerti:  I have a Juraian to murder.  If you will excuse me, I shall hunt him down.

{M.Nerti leaves the briefing room leaving the hostages still within their cages of energy.  L
sighs and kneels back to Sasami.  Sasami looks over to L with tears streaking her young face.
L puts her hand on Sasami's head and forces a smile.}

L:  You'll be alright...  I promise...

{Ryo-Ohki meows gently in a comforting tone.  Sasami nods slightly and puts her head back down.
L looks across to Washu worried.}

L:  Washu, is there anything you can do?

{Washu looks over to L solemnly.}

Washu:  The NVO energy of the field is eating at her body the same as it was with Ayeka.  The
	only difference is the energy is outside Sasami while Ayeka had the reaction inside her.
	{Sighs.}  It's only a matter of time until her heart stops like Ayeka's.

Mihoshi:  {Concerned.}  But, Sasami can't die!  She's too little!

Washu:  {Closes her eyes.}  I'm sorry Mihoshi, but there's nothing we can do.  L has no medical
	equipment.

{Washu raises her hand and generates her phantom laptop and types a few keys causing Washu to
levitate some.}

Washu:  While my powers work fine inside this bubble, I can't reach Sasami through the field.
	I can't help her either.

{Zed touches the edge of the field and pulls his finger back when it is shocked by the field.
Zed looks over to Washu.}

Zed:  I noticed that you also aren't shocked by the field, Washu.  Why is that?

{Washu reaches out and touches the field with her hand and notes that she feels no pain.}

Washu:  {Thinking.}  I don't know yet...  {Looks to Ryo-Ohki.}  Ryo-Ohki, you mind touching the
	field?

{Ryo-Ohki hops down to the ground and meows with worry to Washu.}

Washu:  I know it might hurt, but I need to know something.  Can you please?  It could help
	Sasami.

{Ryo-Ohki nods and hesitantly reaches to the field.  Upon contact, Ryo-Ohki feels no pain and
meows in question.  Washu nods.}

Washu:  I have it now.  The field doesn't hurt those with Ryoan powers.  Ryo-Ohki and I both
	have that, but the rest of you don't.

L:  What does that mean?

Washu:  It means there's a connection between Ryoan Power and NVO Energy.  There has to be
	given this data.

Mihoshi:  {Hopeful.}  Does it help us get out and help Sasami?

Washu:  {Shakes her head.}  I'm afraid not.  Even Ryo-Ohki and I combined couldn't break these
	fields.  We'll have to hope that the others have a plan to get us out before Sasami
	succumbs.

Mihoshi:  {Looks to Sasami full of concern.}  Hang on, Sasami...  They're coming...

{Pan to Sasami sobbing trying to hold out against the NVO bombardment to her young frame.}

End Scene 2

Scene 3

{M.Nerti stalks through the halls of MiB HQ holding her scythe lightly and almost playfully in
her hands.  Her steel eyes scan every centimeter of the rooms looking for a trace of those she
hunts.  Her lips are curled in a vile smile as she looks over to the door to medlab.}

M.Nerti:  {Quietly.}  Come to me, my little Jurai...  {Walks up to the door.}  Little Nerti
	just wants...  {Kicks the door in.}  to kill you!!

{M.Nerti dashes in ready to swing her blade to find no one there.  She laughs to herself.}

M.Nerti:  Maybe this was a little too obvious a locale for them.

{M.Nerti angles her head to the corridor as she hears a creak outside.}

M.Nerti:  There you are!

{She dashes out into the corridor to see a GP power armor standing against her with its cannon
arm aimed directly at her.  Mitsuki's voice comes from the armor.}

Mitsuki:  Catch this!

{Mitsuki fires her cannon at M.Nerti.  She dodges to the side as the blast rocks the wall
behind her.  Mitsuki's power armor keeps a constant lock on M.Nerti as she gets to her feet. 
M.Nerti smiles at Mitsuki unharmed.}

M.Nerti:  You cannot defeat me with a Galaxy Police power armor.

{Mitsuki laughs some to herself as the camera cuts to inside the power armor where Mitsuki
smiles to herself.}

Mitsuki:  I'm not trying to defeat you.

{Cut to Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, and Kiyone running after J who leads them back to the armory and
briefing room.  Kiyone has since changed into a GP flightsuit.  The group stops before the
armory, and Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka split from Kiyone and J.}

Kiyone:  Hurry and get Sasami.  We'll hold her off.

{Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka nod together as they dash into the briefing room to find all the
others still sealed away.  In the distance, they hear explosions from Mitsuki and M.Nerti's
combat.  Ayeka sees Sasami and runs to her side.  Ayeka touches the field and screams as she
pulls her hands back.}

Ayeka:  Sasami!!

{Ryoko forms her sword and swipes at the fields doing absolutely no damage.  Washu and L stand
look to the others worriedly.  Ryo-Ohki nuzzles the hurting Sasami.}

L:  Hurry!  Sasami doesn't have much time!

{Tenchi energizes his sword also and swipes at the shield.  Tenchi's blade cuts into the field,
but the reaction between the two energies blasts in his face.  Tenchi struggles to keep his
blade cutting but gets knocked to the ground.  Ryoko lets her blade fade as she goes to his
side and helps him back to his feet.}

Ryoko:  You okay, Tenchi?

Tenchi:  Yeah, but we can't get break those things.

Washu:  Tenchi, destroy Mecha-Nerti, and these fields will dissipate!  She's their power
	source!

{They all hear a great explosion and then M.Nerti's hurried steps.}

Tenchi:  {Quietly.}  Mitsuki...!

{Cut to Kiyone and J.  Kiyone holds a GP Gatling gun while J aims a three-barreled pulsar arm
cannon.  Kiyone gasps and yells out.}

Kiyone:  Mitsuki!!

{J puts his hand on Kiyone's shoulder causing her to turn to J with anger in her eyes.  J
nods.}

J:  I know, Kiyo, but we can't help her now.

{Suddenly, M.Nerti crashes out through the wall opposite Kiyone and J.  Both raise their
weapons and fire upon her.  J yells out.}

J:  We got "Mecha-Pissy" out here!!

{Cut to the briefing room.  Everyone turns to the doorway.  Ayeka worriedly turns back to
Sasami and whispers gently to her.}

Ayeka:  It will be alright soon, Sasami.  I promise.

{Ryoko holds her sword and flies out the doorway as M.Nerti knocks Kiyone off the catwalk.
Kiyone catches the railing and hangs one-handed off the rail.  J fires the arm cannon at point-
blank range into M.Nerti's side.  The shot enters M.Nerti's chest where it reflects off her
energy cells and continues into a wall causing a tremor around the building and lights to fail.
M.Nerti kicks J through the armory doors before he can fire again.  Ryoko flies up to M.Nerti
and stabs her scythe arm such that the sword traps her arm against the wall.  M.Nerti's wounds
regenerate quickly as she glares back at Ryoko.}

M.Nerti:  A traitor to your own kind, Ryoko.  You will die with the Jurai.

Ryoko:  {Glares back.}  I'll die by Tenchi's side before I do anything with you, bitch!

M.Nerti:  My Lady will be pleased to hear that you foolish Ryoan girl.

{M.Nerti swings her fist around towards Ryoko when Ryoko catches that fist with her free hand.
M.Nerti then kicks Ryoko in the abdomen causing her to dissipate her sword and fall to the
floor.  M.Nerti regenerates her arm and smiles down to Ryoko.}

M.Nerti:  I see that Kagato was not effective in killing you so much as weakening you.

Ryoko:  {Shocked.}  You couldn't have known about that!!

M.Nerti:  But, I do.  Something for you to think about as you die.

{M.Nerti raises her scythe when a green energy blast knocks the scythe from her hand.  M.Nerti
looks over to the briefing room to see Tenchi standing with his hand outstretched.}

Tenchi:  Leave her alone.

{Ryoko stands and outstretches her hand to M.Nerti as well.  Kiyone tosses the Gatling gun on
the catwalk and flips herself up onto the same level as the others.  As Kiyone picks up her
weapon, M.Nerti cartwheels to her scythe and jumps into the air.  Tenchi and Ryoko both summon
their swords as Ryoko flies into the air after M.Nerti, and Tenchi dashes before the door to
the briefing room.  Kiyone ducks and rolls so that she has line of sight into the briefing
room, but aims up at M.Nerti herself and fires.  M.Nerti, however, aims the tip of her scythe
at the briefing room and releases an energy pulse from the tip which shatters all the glass.
Within, Ayeka generates a shield around herself to deflect the glass shards.  M.Nerti catches a
rafter beam and swings into the briefing room landing upon Zed's desk with the six imprisoned
characters at her sides.  Ayeka releases her field and looks up to M.Nerti.  Ryoko prepares to
throw her sword when she stops seeing Ayeka in the blast area.  M.Nerti looks up to Ryoko and
smiles at this.  Tenchi turns around from the door and walks to Ayeka's side.  Ryoko lands next
to Tenchi.  All three face M.Nerti.  Kiyone aims for M.Nerti but holds her fire.}

Kiyone:  They're in the way...!!

{M.Nerti looks down to Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka.}

M.Nerti:  You all have been quite fun, but I feel it is time to finish this little dance.
	owever, a change of arena is in order.

{M.Nerti raises her hand vertically when her forearm glows black.  A dome of light appears
around herself, Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka.  Kiyone and the others look on and see the dome
vanish along with their friends.  Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, and M.Nerti reappear in a blackness
with a single white light at the top shining down on them.  M.Nerti lowers her arm and glares
at them all.}

M.Nerti:  It ends here in this dimensional nexus.

{Tenchi and Ryoko hold their swords tightly as Ayeka's tiara starts to glow a green.  All three
colors light the darkness around them as M.Nerti holds her scythe ready to attack.  Then,
M.Nerti's arms are pinned by something unseen.  M.Nerti tries to move her arms, but they are
fixed.  Pii's voice echos from behind M.Nerti.}

Pii:  Looks like a tactical error, my dear.  Time to pay for it!

{M.Nerti sneers as Pii shimmers into visibility holding M.Nerti in a full Nelson hold.  Tenchi,
Ryoko, and Ayeka are all surprised to see Pii again.  M.Nerti's arm suddenly falls off as she
wrenches her other arm from Pii's lock and slaps him away.  Her shoulder sprouts lines that
quickly reattach the appendage.  Ryoko then flies up and swipes at M.Nerti when she blocks with
her scythe and bats her away.  Ayeka releases her Jurai blast knocking M.Nerti into the
distance unmoving.  Pii stands and allows both of his rifle weapons to drop into ready
position.  Two smaller weapons emerge from his gauntlets:  a small laser and a dart launcher.
He reaches back and fuses the triggers for both sets of weapons so he has two different yield
lasers in his right hand while a icefire rifle and a dart launcher in the other.  The pack on
this back extends and outstretches to metal wings when Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka approach him.}

Ayeka:  Mr. Pii, I would like to thank you for your help again.

{Pii ignores Ayeka and flies into the air via the now jetpack.  He raises both sets of weapons
as he approaches M.Nerti who still is motionless, though her back is now without a scratch.
Pii opens fire upon her with no remorse on his face, but rather almost blind hatred riddling
her body with holes and severing body parts.  Then, her scythe levitates up and slashes the
pack as he passes her causing him to crash into the ground.  The scythe then turns to him and
releases and energy pulse as he is standing again.  He looks up to see the blast impact his
head and knock all the headgear off him as well as rendering him unconscious.  He lays on the
ground with his eyes closed and brown hair falling around his face.  M.Nerti's body starts to
reform as Ayeka sends her cylinders around M.Nerti's body.  When the field activates, M.Nerti's
parts all writhe in pain as Tenchi and Ryoko dash up to her and prepare to cut into her energy
cell.  M.Nerti's face looks up to them with a pleading look.}

M.Nerti:  Please do not destroy me, Tenchi Masaki...

Ryoko:  {Scowls.}  And, why the hell not?!

M.Nerti:  I hold within me the only remnant of Nerti Ro's real mind...  Destroy me and you kill
	what soul she might have again...

{Tenchi's eyes go soft as he lowers his sword.  Ryoko looks over to Tenchi confused.  Ayeka
watches this and allows her field to dissipate.}

Tenchi:  Then I grant you mercy in return for Sasami's life.  Release her.

M.Nerti:  I will...

{The palm of M.Nerti's hand extends prongs that have energy collecting into a ball.}

M.Nerti:  NOT!!

{The energy ball flies into Ryoko tossing her to the side consumed with pain.  As Tenchi raises
his sword to retaliate, M.Nerti's arm sweeps the floor and knocks him down.  The Tenchiken
falls from Tenchi's hand into M.Nerti's losing its blue blade.  Her body then starts to reform
around Tenchi, binding him down.  Ayeka allows her cylinders to vanish as she runs towards
them.}

Ayeka:  {Yells out in horror.}  Tenchi!!

{M.Nerti holds the Tenchiken next to her energy cells and laughs at Tenchi.}

M.Nerti:  I know you had hoped to see your sword sticking out of my energy cells like this,
	Masaki.  Sorry to say, but you are now going to die.

{Tenchi's hand angles to face the Tenchiken as a Jurai pulse is summoned to his hand and
released hitting the sword.  The Tenchiken crackles with Jurai Power as a blue blade
temporarily forms and cut through M.Nerti's energy cells releasing all the contents to vaporize
into the air.  M.Nerti's face is shocked as all her power fades away.  This dimensional nexus
vanishes redepositing its occupants in the briefing room of MiB HQ.  The field around the
hostages fades away.  Sasami takes a deep breath as her pain fades with the shield.  Ayeka
stops and sees that they have all returned to the briefing room.  She then looks over to Sasami
and runs to her.  She takes her little sister in her arms and holds her tightly crying.}

Ayeka:  Sasami...!!

{Washu and L both go to Ayeka and Sasami and guide them toward the medlab.  Ryo-Ohki stays near
Sasami as they take her away as does Mihoshi.  Zed looks at his briefing room calmly before
noting Pii and his equipment sprawled out behind his chair.   He sighs hard and sits down at
his desk.  Ryoko forces herself to her feet and goes to Tenchi.  She kneels down next to him
holding her side smiling at him.}

Ryoko:  You had to believe her, didn't you?

Tenchi:  Well, I couldn't take the chance she was right until she tried to kill me.
	{Teardrops.}

Ryoko:  You know something, Tenchi.  You're really too kindhearted for your own good sometimes.

Tenchi:  {Nods.}  I know.

{Tenchi looks at himself encased in silver and bronze.}

Tenchi:  You think you could... I don't know... cut me out of here, Ryoko?  {Smiles wryly.}

Ryoko:  {Thinks.}  I don't know.  {Smiles.}  This makes you easier to catch.  {Winks.}

{Tenchi's eyes pop open wide as Ryoko giggles.  Tenchi teardrops just when the camera irises
out.}

End Scene 3

Scene 4

{Sasami lays in a bed comfortably with Tenchi, Ayeka, Washu, Mihoshi, Kiyone, J, and L gathered
around her.  Ryo-Ohki sits next to Sasami on the bed.  Ryoko hobbles over to them on a crutch
and her abdomen bandaged.  Sasami's eyes open and look around at the people around her.  She
smiles to them all with one of her own smiles.  Tenchi begins a voiceover}

Tenchi:  With Mecha-Nerti's field gone, Sasami was able to recover from the ordeal without any
	trouble.  Though there was something strange.  Washu and L both remarked that Sasami was
	not harmed far as much as Ayeka though Sasami took much more of an exposure.  It's kinda
	weird.  Ryoko also healed pretty quickly from her injuries, but for some reason, her side
	doesn't hurt as much anymore.

{Tenchi and Ryoko smile upon Sasami with almost sibling-like affection comparable to Ayeka's
tender sisterly appearance smiling on her sister as she kneels down and takes Sasami's hand in
hers.  Kiyone too kneels and takes Sasami's other hand.  Mihoshi cheers along with Ryo-Ohki's
happy meows.  J pats L's back proudly as L teardrops from J's hard pats on her back.  The
camera pans back to Pii's motionless frame laying on another bed.}

Tenchi:  Though Sasami and Ryoko have both recovered, the boy who helped us through this, Will
	Pii, is still comatose.  He took a pretty nasty hit from Mecha-Nerti's scythe in the
	battle and will probably be like this for some time.

{Washu smiles to Sasami and then leaves the room quickly.  Cut to Washu in her lab with the cut
up remains of M.Nerti connected to her machines via many wires and probes.  On her screens, the
date "7 July 1995" and the name "Oniko" flash alone.}

Tenchi:  Washu also analyzed Mecha-Nerti's remains.  Turns out, Mecha-Nerti was lying.  There
	is nothing in her memory system beyond the date 7 July 1995.  Even then, the only name
	that comes up from that day is "Oniko".  Kiyone did some checking, and this Oniko is a
	Ryoan like Ryoko and Washu, even an A2 class criminal.  He hasn't been seen in years so
	what he has to do with any of this is anyone's guess.  This still doesn't tell us what
	happened to Mitsuki.  The remains of her power armor were found outside the medlab
	without a body.  M.Nerti's memories said absolutely nothing of what happened to her.

{Suddenly, dates between 1 July and 7 July 1995 start scrolling by.  Washu quickly types some
commands causing the word "Saving..." to be displayed in a corner.  Washu turns back to
M.Nerti's remains to see them burst into fire before her eyes.  Washu turns back to the data
onscreen and nods.  Cut to the briefing room where Ayeka and a fully recovered Sasami stand
before Zed.  Around them, agents work on the repairs to the headquarters from the combat.
Ayeka and Sasami both bow to Zed.}

Tenchi:  As soon as Sasami was well enough, She and Ayeka negotiated between the MiB and the
	Holy Counsel of Jurai to send some aid to repairs of MiB headquarters.  In return, Zed
	made the decision to acquit Ryoko of all her crimes making her a free woman!  Ryoko was,
	needless to say, ecstatic to hear this!  Also, R was sent to Jurai as a representative
	from Earth.

{Cut to R's screaming face as he beats against a glass window.  Zoom out to show that he's on a
Juraian ship leaving Earth behind.  The voice over ends as the situation fades to Tenchi,
Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Washu, Ryo-Ohki, Mihoshi, and Kiyone standing opposite J and L in the
hangar.}

J:  It's been fun people.

L:  {Nods.}  Let's not do it again.

{Everyone giggles a little at the humor.  Kiyone walks over and shakes J's hand.}

Kiyone:  It's been a pleasure serving with you.

J:  {Nods.}  Same to you, Kiyo.  Hope to do it again.

Mihoshi:  Oh, I think we just might.  {Smiles.}

{L looks over to Ayeka and Sasami.}

L:  Now, you two take care of yourselves and don't get into any more trouble.

Sasami:  {Giggles.}  We won't, Ms. L.

{Ayeka bows with respect to L.}

Ayeka:  I thank you, Ms. L, for taking such good care of us.  We are truly in your debt.

L:  {Shrugs.}  Don't worry about it.

{Washu looks out the damaged hangar doors noticing that night has fallen.}

Washu:  We'd better go while it's dark outside.

Tenchi:  {Nods.}  Yeah.  {Thinks.}  Oh, L.  Take care of the guy who helped us against Mecha-
	Nerti, okay?  It's the least we could do.

L:  No problem.

{The group splits up as J and L wave their goodbyes to the Tenchi cast who all go to the
repaired Yagami.  As Yagami takes off into the night sky, Mitsuki walks out of the shadows.
She smiles as they leave and then silently walks to her ship.  The situation fades to L walking
into medlab and taking Pii's charts.  L looks at Pii's face and shakes her head.}

L:  Kid, you're so young.  What the hell are you doing this for?

{Pii's voice startles L.}

Pii:  I owe it to her...

{L looks down to see Pii's eyes open slightly.}

L:  To her?

Pii:  Nerti Ro...  I swore to her parents that I'd bring her home...  I'm going to do it.

{Pii sits up with some pain.  L starts to help when Pii pushes her away and forces himself to
his feet.  L is amazed that he can stand at all.}

L:  What are you...?

Pii:  I'm just an Earth kid, ma'am.  That's all I've ever been.

{Pii reaches down and takes his headgear replacing it to its rightful place on his head.  He
presses a key on his gauntlet, and a dimensional gateway opens before them.  Pii starts to step
through when L puts her hand on his shoulder stopping him.}

L:  Good luck.

{Pii nods to her and continues through the gateway as the situation fades to white.}

End Scene 4

End Act 7