                                 Epilogue

Within a month of the conclusion of these events, Darien proposed to Serena,
and a date was set for their wedding -- the events of which have been
discussed elsewhere.

Minako's relationship with Aethan DeGales disintegrated further over the
next decade, though it was never actually "broken off" until his death in
2034.  Her sanity, which had never been too firm in any event, was
severely rocked by this and other tragedies, speeding her disintegration.

Ranma and Akane were not to marry until nearly a year passed.  It was, it
should be noted, a rather peaceful ceremony -- the only fighting that went
on was between the bride and groom.  Ukyou sat through the ceremony with a
quiet smile on her face, as though she knew something that no one else
did.  Shampoo was not able to attend, as recouping the expenses involved
in moving the Nekohanten restaraunt to its new location forced both her
and Mousse to be working almost constantly.  Ryouga got lost on the way
there.

Kyousuke and Madoka were married, with Hiyama Hikaru in attendance as Maid
of Honor, almost two months to the day after Madoka revealed her situation
to him.  Their first child was named for Kyousuke's late father, Takeshi.

The friendship between Raye, Ayeka, and Shampoo, fostered by Urd,
continued to grow.  All four of them frequently gathered for a floating
poker game, until Urd, with her sisters, was summoned back to Heaven in
the first few years of the twenty-first century.  The three who remained
continued to play, however.

Belldandy and Keiichi never married.  He disappeared at roughly the same
time that Belldandy was made to leave the Earth behind.  The Ultimate
Force saw to it that they were together always, though in a way that caused
great chaos under heaven.

Patience Masefield -- or Shinobu Masefield, as she preferred to be called
-- grew up into an attractive, vibrant young woman who never showed any
evidence of possessing superhuman powers, beyond having a caring heart.
She eventually married a young man who was, unbeknownst to himself, a
descendant of the Czar of all the Russias, and their only daughter
achieved a considerable degree of notoriety.  Patricia was last seen at
her daughter's wedding, in 2014, after which she disappeared from
history.

Andrew DelaFontaine initially found employment as part of a conspiracy
known as Gehirn, only to be back on the street after that group folded in
the wake of the release of a certain movie.  He then found work with 
General Nippon Orbital Manufacturing, a consortium of Japanese high-tech 
companies which had been formed earlier in the decade.  It is believed
that it was on his recommendation that the firm sponsored the work of his
former student, Katsuhito Stengovitch, by that point known as Dr. Stingray.
It is not conclusively known whether he had any involvement in Stingray's
assassination.  He died, among countless others, in the Second Great Kanto
Earthquake.

The Tenchi family returned to Okayama, where Ayeka confronted Yoshou, and
discovered that her older brother *had* been acting to combat the Alephae
on Earth -- and other alien threats.  Ayeka and the others were all
fascinated to hear of his involvement with the Kishin Active Defense
Corps, the predecessor of the Planetary Defense Force.  A few months
later, the Galaxy Police reassigned Mihoshi's former partner Makibi Kiyone
to work with her again, and the Tenchi family grew.  It grew again a year
later, when Tenchi's "daughter", the girl Mayuka, came to live with them.

And then ...

		... well ...


Establishing Shot:  WASHUU's laboratory, where she is busily typing away
at her computer.

                              MIHOSHI (O.S.)
                   Anooo ... Washuu-chan?

WASHUU pauses, and lets out a long-suffering sigh before she turns to look
at MIHOSHI.

                                  WASHUU
                   <calm> I'm not going to ask you how
                   you got in here this time, Mihoshi.
                   I don't *care* anymore.  <beat>
                   What is it?

                                 MIHOSHI
                   Well, Kiyone wants to know if you'd
                   fixed our ship yet.

                                  WASHUU
                   <dismissive> Oh, *that*.  Handled it
                   ages ago.  Come in and pick it up
                   whenever you feel like it.

                                 MIHOSHI
                   Okay!  Thank you, Washuu-chan!  We
                   really appreciate this!  <beat>
                   Whatcha doing now?

                                  WASHUU
                   <sigh> You're not going to leave me
                   alone until I tell you, are you?

                                 MIHOSHI
                   I'm just *curious*, Washuu-chan ...
                   didn't you say that <imitating
                   WASHUU> `A mind should never cease 
                   to seek and to question all things, 
                   no matter how petty they may seem'?

WASHUU gapes for a moment at the incredibly accurate imitation, and then
quickly regains her composure.

                                  WASHUU
                   Well, yes ... ahem.  It's sort of a
                   time portal.

                                 MIHOSHI
                   You mean a *time machine*, like in
                   that movie with that cute --

                                  WASHUU
                   No ... but I admire your taste!  Mr.
                   Lloyd *is* quite an attractive
                   specimen.  However, this device that
                   I'm working on will only allow me to
                   look back into the past ... I'm
                   hoping to use it to clear up a few
                   mysteries ...

                                 MIHOSHI
                   So how does it work?

                                  WASHUU
                   The same way any of my terminals
                   work -- I just summon it up with a
                   thought, no matter where I am.

                                 MIHOSHI
                   Wow ... but you can't travel back in
                   time.  That's sad.

                                  WASHUU
                   Time travel's overrated ... and --

She turns to look at where MIHOSHI is standing -- right beside a rather
large, Kirby-esque device.  WASHUU's eyes bug out.

                                  WASHUU
                   Mihoshi -- DON'T MOVE.  Don't touch
                   anything.  Don't *think* about
                   touching anything.

MIHOSHI freezes.  WASHUU lets out a deep sigh of relief, and wipes her
head clean of sweat.

Closeup of a tiny droplet of sweat, dropping from WASHUU's hand towards
the keyboard in front of her, and impacting.

A large flashing light appears on the screen.

                              COMPUTER VOICE
                   Warning.  Timeportal overdrive has
                   been activated.  Ten seconds to
                   activate failsafe omega, at which
                   point overdrive timeportal will
                   open at current coordinates.

                                  WASHUU
                   WHAAAAAAT?

She turns to stare at MIHOSHI, who is still frozen -- and standing right
beside a lever marked "Failsafe Omega".

                                  WASHUU
                   Mihoshi!   *Pull* *that* *lever*!

                                 MIHOSHI
                   But you said not to --

                                  WASHUU
                   Doitdoitdoit!

MIHOSHI grabs the lever and yanks it down.  

                              COMPUTER VOICE
                   Failsafe omega activated.

WASHUU lets out a deep sigh.

                              COMPUTER VOICE
                   Overdrive timeportal forming at
                   realspace coordinates --

The rest is covered by WASHUU's furious screaming.

Cut to outside WASHUU's door.  KIYONE approaches it, in a mildly bad mood.

                                  KIYONE
                   ... how long can it take to ask her
                   to come up for dinner?

She knocks on the door, and it flies open, revealing MIHOSHI in a panic.
Behind them, a jet black monolith flickers into being.

                                 MIHOSHI
                   Waah!  Kiyone, hurry, get in here!

                                  KIYONE
                   What?

She looks over her shoulder at the monolith.  She does that for a second,
then turns back to glare at MIHOSHI.

                                  KIYONE
                   This is because of something *you*
                   did, isn't it?

MIHOSHI starts crying just as the monolith begins to glow.  There is the
sound of rushing wind as it begins to suck in everything around it,
starting with MIHOSHI and KIYONE.  The door to WASHUU's lab quickly slams
shut.

Cut to an outside view of the house, as it begins to buckle under the
stress of the suction.  Faint screams can be heard as TENCHI, RYOUKO, and
AYEKA are all sucked into the monolith.

Cut to the kitchen.  SASAMI, holding baby MAYUKA, is struggling against
the suction to try and make it out of the house through the window, but
looses her grip on the sill and starts being pulled in.

Just as SASAMI and MAYUKA are about to be pulled into the monolith, the
door to WASHUU's lab opens and she snatches SASAMI.  WASHUU is held back
from being pulled in by a harness that she's wearing.  Unfortunately, the
shock of being grabbed causes SASAMI to loosen her grip on MAYUKA.  The
baby starts to slip free.

                                  SASAMI
                   <panicked> Mayuka!  Washuu-chan,
                   help me!

WASHUU starts to reach out for MAYUKA ... and then catches a glimpse of
her confused face.  She blinks.

                                  WASHUU
                   <muttered> *That's* where I've seen
                   her before --

MAYUKA slips all the way out of SASAMI's grip, and tumbles into the
monolith.  SASAMI panics and tries to go after her, strugging against
WASHUU's grip.

                                  SASAMI
                   Washuu!  Let go of me!  Mayuka is --

WASHUU pulls SASAMI all the way back into the laboratory and closes the
door.

Cut to the exterior of the house, just as the quaking stops.  A few
seconds later, the van pulls up the driveway, and NOBOYUKI steps out.

                                 NOBOYUKI
                   I wonder what sort of interesting
                   things have happened today.

The house collapses in on itself.

Cut to WASHUU's laboratory.  She is examining her terminal while SASAMI
sits on the floor and cries.

                                  WASHUU
                   <sigh of relief> It's stopped ...
                   only a twenty second cycle, thank
                   the --

                                  SASAMI
                   Washuu-chan!  What's happened?!

                                  WASHUU
                   Tenchi and the others have been sent
                   back in time roughly twelve thousand
                   years, to the height of the Silver
                   Millenium -- or it's depth, if you
                   believe the other side's propoganda.

                                  SASAMI
                   Can you bring them back?

                                  WASHUU
                   I can --

                                  SASAMI
                   Then what are you waiting for?  Do
                   it --

                                  WASHUU
                   -- but I won't.  <beat>  They have
                   an important thing to do, back then,
                   Sasami-chan.  They have to stop a
                   war.  They have to protect a ship.
                   And they have to save a soul.

                                  SASAMI
                   <beat; quiet> Whose soul?

                                  WASHUU
                   Mine.

Cut to a shot of TENCHI, lying face down in a field of grass.  He suddenly
looks up and --

Cut to black.

                               TENCHI MUYOU
                               SAILOR MOON
                                GALL FORCE
                         URUSEI YATSURA (SORT-OF)
                                STAR WARS


                    THE PAST ISN'T WHAT IT USED TO BE

                             TOGETHER AGAIN:
                       The Silver Millenium Chapter

                                Coming ...
                                Eventually