Epilogue 

Tenchi, Ryouko, Washuu, Tsunami, Kei, and Yuri went back to Jurai. Nine 
months later, Washuu gave birth to Tenchi's first child, a son named 
Nobu, a few minutes before Tsunami gave birth to Tenchi's second child, 
a daughter. 

Her name was Mayuka. 

Kei and Yuri's new job as Co-Directors of the Jurai Intelligence Service 
went much smoother than anyone thought it would. (Which meant that it 
was a week before there was a major blow up involving them.) However, 
the thought of having to deal with the legendary Dirty Pair did much to 
discourage many potential threats to the throne from becoming actual 
ones. They both lived long, happy lives, and each found love in time. 

With this increased vigilance, Ryouko was finally able to take 
occasional vacations from her duties as Tenchi's bodyguard ... which she 
generally used to visit Earth with Ryo-oh-ki, and make a pest of 
herself. 

At least, that's what her stated reasons were. Nobody believed her. 

Back on Earth, Amy and Ryouga were married a few months after the 
conclusion of these events. A few months after that, Amy was delivered 
of their second child, a daughter named Hiroe. (Ryouga revealed to a few 
close friends that that had been the name of one of the children he'd 
had in his brief dreamlife.) Gradually, Ryouko Mizuno was reconciled 
with her parents, and spent much time taking care of her little sister. 

Married life agreed with Ryouga, as did having a wife who could, using 
the Crystal Kingdom's satellite tracking system, find him no matter 
where he was, and both factors tended to make him a calmer, *nicer* 
person. Ranma and Ryouga eventually did become friends, although Ryouga 
would probably have smacked anyone who suggested it. Ranma started 
spending more time on Earth, and finally settled down for good when 
Gennosuke turned up all right a little over a year later. 

Shampoo was never seen nor heard from again by any of her friends. Or 
Ranma. Gennosuke revealed to Raye the circumstances under which Shampoo 
had convinced her to come back to Earth and try dealing with Ranma, but 
revealed that she had stated that she would be leaving the Solar System 
immediately afterwards. 

Noa Izumi also lived a long, happy life in Crystal Tokyo, devoting 
herself to the cause of justice and to taking care of her "son", Shinji, 
who like another Shinji, did eventually grow up. During the Black Moon 
Crisis in the 2980s, Noa led a Crystal Tokyo Resistance Squad on a 
mission to Nemesis that wound up leading her back in time to the 2040s 
... just in time to save her husband, Asuma Shinohara, from his apparent 
fate. He was rejuvenated after the end of the Crisis, and eventually 
became one of the top Inspectors in the International Police 
Organization. (What Sailor Pluto had to say about this went unrecorded.) 

After a lengthy period of acclimation -- which will be dealt with in 
greater detail elsewhere -- Sylia and Priss finally settled down 
together. Priss became an ace test pilot, doing much of the initial work 
with the so-called "Empathic Overload Booster". While Sylia no longer 
felt comfortable with mecha design, she was often retained as a 
consulting detective by the Government. Her first major case was the 
subject of a major scandal that rocked the Royal Space Force to its core 
... and will *also* be dealt with in greater detail elsewhere. They 
eventually had two daughters, using the so-called "Instant Nannichuan". 

No points for guessing what their daughters were named. 

Mina progressed down the lonely road that she had chosen for herself. 
She fell deeper and deeper into the web of insanity that she was trapped 
in, and her continued abuse of cybernetics was only a symptom of that 
illness. She finally died shortly after the Black Moon Crisis, rising 
above her tragedy for one moment of heroism. 

And found peace for eternity. 

Raye was *not* happy that Ranma was now living on Earth. Any encounter 
between the two of them inevitably led to harsh words and violence, 
always ending with Raye calling out a specific three word phrase that, 
for some reason, Ranma seemed not to mind her calling him. 

Serenity continued her reign, interrupted by the Black Moon Crisis, for 
nearly three hundred years, guiding the humans of Earth and the Solar 
System -- by the end of her reign, she was acknowledged as the supreme 
ruler of Earth, Mercury, Mars, and the Jovian system -- towards the 
future. Her daughter married the heir to the Black Moon Family, bringing 
that wayward branch of the human race back into the fold. 

And their daughter married Emperor Nobu of Jurai. 

For the rest of her life -- and she was, by far, the longest living of 
the Senshi -- Lita continued to serve her Queen to the best of her 
ability. Her relationship with her eldest daughter was actually 
improved, although her interactions with Priss were usually rather 
unpleasant for both sides. 

And Sheila ... 



                Well ...

                                      CAPTION
                              TEN DAYS LATER

Establishing Shot:  A dusty library, somewhere in the depths of the 
Crystal Tokyo University.  The LIBRARIAN, a large, intelligent-looking 
ourangoutan, sits behind the check out counter, reading peacefully.  
SHEILA opens the door, and steps in, with a hurt and angry expression.  
She stands in the door way for a moment, her eyes closed.  The LIBRARIAN 
looks up, startled.

                                  SHEILA
                   I hate them.  BEAT  IhatethemIhate
                   themIhatethemIhatethemIhatethemI -- 
                   BEAT No I don't.  BEAT  DAMMIT!

She flings the door shut behind her, making a HUGE slamming noise that 
momentarily stuns the LIBRARIAN, and knocks several hundred books off 
their shelves.  SHEILA stands seething for a moment.  The LIBRARIAN picks 
himself up off the floor, adjusts his robes with wounded dignity, and 
starts to drum his fingers on the counter.  SHEILA's eyes blink open.  She 
notices the LIBRARIAN, then the piles of knocked over books.  She gulps 
silently.

                                 LIBRARIAN
                   PATIENT Oooo-k?

SHEILA rubs the back of her head with a pained smile.

Cut to SHEILA picking up books, dusting off the spine, and speaking into a 
portable tape recorder as she sets them on the shelf.

                                  SHEILA
                   Kitab al-Azif, Japanese translation
                   by Hikaru Gosunkugi, 2039.  Warning:
                   Do not open without special
                   precautions.

SHEILA looks at the lock that enforces that warning.

                                  SHEILA
                   Do we even have the key for this?

The LIBRARIAN, working at a similar task not far away, doesn't even look 
up.

                                 LIBRARIAN
                   NONCOMMITAL Ook.

SHEILA shrugs, and sets it on the shelf.  She picks up another book.

                                  SHEILA
                   Memoirs of Akane Tendou, nineteen
                   ninety ... six ...

SHEILA blinks, and rereads the cover.

                                  SHEILA
                   Wait a minute, this was supposed to
                   have been lost.

The LIBRARIAN pauses, sets down his checklist, and ambles over to stare at 
the book.

                                 LIBRARIAN
                   SHARP Ook!

He points at a small mark on the spine.  SHEILA examines it.

                                  SHEILA
                   "Questionable authenticity?"  What?

The LIBRARIAN spreads his arms.

                                  SHEILA
                   Before your time, huh?

The LIBRARIAN nods soberly.

                                  SHEILA
                   Do you suppose I could take a look
                   at this?

The LIBRARIAN gestures to the shelves.

                                  SHEILA
                   *After* I'm done?

                                 LIBRARIAN
                   GRINNING Ook.

Cut to a reading desk, as SHEILA slides into a chair, and opens up the 
book, and begins to read.

                               AKANE (V.O.)
                   One of the first things that was
                   taught in my classes at university
                   was to forget completely about ideas
                   of first causes, of moments when all
                   things changed.  At first I fought
                   against the idea -- after all, I
                   could say that my life was never the
                   same after I met the man and the
                   woman I fell in love with.  But 
                   after I did some thinking, I started
                   to realize that meeting Ranma hadn't
                   really altered the course of my
                   life.  Sooner or later, I think, I
                   would have finally had enough of
                   the harassment I put up with every
                   morning and took steps to end it
                   permanently.  Sooner or later, I
                   would have realized that I *like* to
                   have my hair cut short, and that I
                   was silly to think that Tofuu-sensei
                   would give up on Kasumi for me if I
                   had long hair.  Ranma didn't make me
                   wild like he was; I already *was*
                   wild, and just didn't realize it.
                   BEAT That's what changes, really,
                   in moments when everything warps.
                   How we look at things.  New ideas,
                   new dreams, and new (and in some
                   cases, very *strange*) people make
                   us see things in ways that we could
                   never have imagined before.  
                   That's what happened last week, I
                   think.  After that, any illusions I
                   might have had about living in a
                   normal world were shattered forever.
                   And do you know something?  I don't
                   miss them at all, anymore.  BEAT
                   Well, maybe a little.  BEAT  This
                   is my attempt to describe, if not
                   explain what changed about my world
                   last week, so that I can understand
                   it better myself.  If other readers
                   can learn from what's happened to
                   me, my family, and my friends ...
                   so much the better.  BEAT  It all
                   started when --

SHEILA turns the page and --

Cut to black.

                                Sailor Moon
                                 Ranma 1/2
                               Tenchi Muyou
                               Oh My Goddess
                           Kimagure Orange Road
                            Exotica Chronicles

                           TOGETHER AGAIN
                               1996 Chapter

                 "AND THE WORLD TURNED UPSIDE DOWN"

                             COMING THIS FALL
