



Trailer #1

Establishing Shot:  Rear of a grave, on a full moon night.  A figure, 
dressed in a black cloak, steps up to it, and stands in silence.  The 
angle changes so that we see him from the rear.  He has black hair, tied 
in a yellow spotted bandana.  He stands for a few seconds.  We pull back, 
and see another figure, whose head is hidden by a large spatula, standing 
a few feet in back of him.

                                   WOMAN
                   Are you almost finished?

The man turns and the moonlight causes the pupils of his eyes to seem red 
for a moment -- or perhaps it's something else.  The man is obviously 
RYOUGA HIBIKI, but his fangs seem more pronounced when he speaks.

                                  RYOUGA
                   Yes.  I suppose I am.

We see the WOMAN's face.  She is a dead ringer for Ukyou Kuonji, except 
that she has vibrant red hair.  She smiles malevolently.

                                   WOMAN
                   Good ...

Cut back to RYOUGA, who smiles bleakly.  Cut to the tombstone, which 
reads:

                               SAOTOME AKANE
                                1977 - 2062
                          Beloved Wife and Mother
                        "Where she was, was Eden."

Cut to black screen.

                              RANMA 1/2

A moment of blackness.

                           TOGETHER AGAIN
                               2937 Chapter

                     A Fanfiction by C. Richard Davies

                               Coming Soon.


Trailer #2

Establishing Shot:  The blackness of space, which is cut by the side of a 
battered spacecraft entering the view.  It moves across the view, during 
the voice overs.

                              VOICE 1 (V.O.)
                   Recon-30, have you achieved visual 
                   contact with the bogie?

                              VOICE 2 (V.O.)
                   Affirmative, Crystal Space Command.
                   It's an old ship ... I'd guess mid 
                   22nd century.  Looks like U.G. 
                   make.

                              VOICE 1 (V.O.)
                   What does the registry have to say 
                   about it?

                              VOICE 2 (V.O.)
                   Doesn't match anything, exactly.  
                   Could be something unique.  No life
                   signs, and it's pretty beat up.

                              VOICE 1 (V.O.)
                   What do you want to do?

                              VOICE 2 (V.O.)
                   I say let it drift.  It's not on a 
                   collision course with anything in 
                   the system, and it's probably
                   harmless.

The camera tracks onto the ship's name:  LOVELY ANGEL.

Cut to black screen.

                             DIRTY PAIR

A moment of blackness.

                           TOGETHER AGAIN
                               2937 Chapter

                     A Fanfiction by C. Richard Davies

                               Coming Soon.


TRAILER #3

Establishing Shot:  A tall woman with spikey, cyan coloured hair, whom we 
see from the rear, is standing in the middle of a star field.  A dark 
haired man wearing ornate white robes comes to stand by her.

                                   WOMAN
                   It's been a long time, hasn't it?

                                    MAN
                   NODS More than two hundred years

                                   WOMAN
                   Do you still think about her?

                                    MAN
                   Every other minute.

We pull back to see that they are standing in front of a large window (it 
is more than twice as tall as they are) that looks out into space.  He 
turns to leave.

                                   WOMAN
                   It'll be good to sea Earth again.

The man turns, and we see that he is TENCHI MASAKI, with the addition of a 
moustache that makes him look even more like his grandfather.  He smiles.

                                  TENCHI
                   Don't you mean it'll be good to see
                   *Ayeka* again?

The woman turns with a scandalized expression on her face, and we see that 
she is RYOUKO, unchanged.

                                  RYOUKO
                   Who cares about *her*?  I wanna --

From another angle, we pull away from a mute shot of RYOUKO shouting and 
TENCHI grinning, revealing first the exterior of the viewing portal, and 
then the enormity of the Imperial Juraian ship.

Cut to black screen.

                            TENCHI MUYOU

A moment of blackness.


                           TOGETHER AGAIN
                               2937 Chapter

                     A Fanfiction by C. Richard Davies

                               Coming Soon.


Trailer #4

Establishing Shot:  Ruins.  This sequence is entirely in sepiatone.  A 
little girl wearing rags, perhaps eleven or twelve years old, wanders 
through the ruins, with a dazed expression.  Suddenly, a pile of rubble 
shifts, revealing a damaged boomer.  For a second, girl and boomer stare 
at each other in silence.  Then, slow motion:  jump cuts between the girl 
opening her mouth to scream, and the boomer opening its mouth to release a 
particle beam.  Suddenly, the boomer explodes.  The little girl collapses 
in tears, and turns at a sudden noise.  We see SYLIA STINGRAY step around 
a corner, with a strangely gentle smile.  The girl has transformed to an
eighteen year old PRISS ASAGIRI, who stares at SYLIA with distrust and
fear.  PRISS turns to look at the boomer, which has transformed to a
young woman in a motorcycle suit with a hole in her upper chest.  PRISS
has transformed into the little girl, who lets out a shriek.  She turns
back to look at  SYLIA, who has transformed into a WOMAN who is shining so
brightly that it is impossible to make out any features.  Her voice is a
combination of SYLIA's with someone else's.

                           WOMAN/SYLIA STINGRAY
                   Don't be afraid.  It's going to be
                   all right.  I promise.

PRISS, her normal age, awakens in a normally coloured scene.

                                   PRISS
                   What the hell was that?!

Cut to black screen.

                          BUBBLE GUM CRISIS

A moment of blackness.

                           TOGETHER AGAIN
                               2937 Chapter

                     A Fanfiction by C. Richard Davies

                               Coming Soon.



TRAILER #5

Establishing Shot:  A nightlit bedroom.  A gentle snore comes from an 
occupied bed.  Suddenly, a vidscreen on the wall opposite the view becomes 
active, with a young green-haired woman in a blue uniform speaking.

                                   WOMAN
                   Chief!!  There's a problem!!

Sounds issue from the bed.

                                   CHIEF
                   G'way.  I'm tired.

                                   WOMAN
                   But CHIEF!

                                   CHIEF
                   I's two in the firckin' morning.

                                   WOMAN
                   But CHIEF, someone's STOLEN some of
                   our LABORS!

Absolute silence.  The blanket is suddenly thrown off the bed.

The scene changes to a large, crystalline building in chaos.  There is a
large gaping hole in one side of the building.  Emergency service
vehicles crowd around it, and there is much noise and confusion.  Our
view follows a female figure in a tight blue jacket with patches on 
the left shoulder -- "MECALIBER PISTOL CHAMPION", "MEKARATE 
BLACK BELT", "MECHACROBATICS TEAM" -- through the crowd.
We do not see her head.  As she enters the building, we change angles 
to be right in front of her, so that we can see her badge -- a police
shield, obviously, with Crystal Tokyo's coat of arms -- "a rabbit blanche
sur a rising sun rouge on a field gules" -- prominently displayed.
People get out of her way.  She comes to a large storage area, with a
number of recessed areas in the walls.   They are all empty, and there
are signs of a struggle.  Slowly, she walks to one area in particular.
There is a large sign on the wall, which reads:

                                  WARNING
                   This labor is reserved for my use
                   only.  Do NOT use it without my
                   permission -- which you won't GET.

                   CHIEF NOA IZUMI.

Beneath is a spray painted "SCREW YOU!"  We see CHIEF NOA literally 
quaking in rage.  She is not much changed from her days in Tokyo, more 
than nine hundred years earlier.

                                    NOA
                   (hisses) Alphonse.  (shouts) Some
                   rat bastard has stolen my Alphonse!

Cut to black screen.

                       MOBILE POLICE PATLABOR

A moment of blackness.

                           TOGETHER AGAIN
                               2937 Chapter

                     A Fanfiction by C. Richard Davies

                               Coming Soon.



Trailer #6

Establishing shot:  A chessboard, from above.  Some preliminary moves have 
been made.

Insert shot from Trailer #1:  Ryouga Hibiki turns to look at a 
malevolently smiling red-haired woman, and smiles bleakly.

We see a black pawn near a black knight.

Insert shot from Trailer #2:  The Lovely Angel drifts onto the screen.

We see a black castle move forward on the board without being touched.

Insert shot from Trailer #3:  Tenchi smiles at Ryouko, who is scandalized 
by something.

We see a woman's hand moving a white knight to guard the white king from a 
black pawn.

Insert shot from Trailer #4:  Priss awakens violently.

We see the woman's hand move a white pawn near to the black first rank.

Insert shot from Trailer #5:  Noa Izumi stares furiously at a mocking 
"Screw You" sign.

A black pawn knocks over a white castle, endangering a white pawn.

The woman's hand rests on the arm of an ornate throne.  Our view travels 
up the arm to her face.  It is NEO-QUEEN SERENITY, who is looking 
passively at the chess board.

On the chess board, the white queen stands alone, surrounded by black 
pieces.

NEO-QUEEN SERENITY speaks directly to the camera.

                            NEO-QUEEN SERENITY
                   Your move.

Cut to black screen.

                             SAILOR MOON

A moment of blackness.

                           TOGETHER AGAIN
                               2937 Chapter

                     A Fanfiction by C. Richard Davies

                                Coming Soon


TRAILER #7

Blackness.  A woman's voice -- sounding somewhat reminiscent of the voice 
of Sailor Uranus in the Sailor Moon Fandub Project -- speaks calmly.

                          SHEILA TENKAI (V.O.)
                   Though much is taken, much abides, and though
		   We are not now that strength which in old days
		   Moved Earth and Heaven, that which we are, we are:
                   One equal temper of heroic hearts
                   Made weak by time and fate but strong in will
                   To strive, to seek, to find, 
		   And not to yield.

Just briefly enough to register, images flash on the screen.

Ranma Saotome dressed in a black silk shirt with a grim expression, his 
battle aura glowing brightly.

                              RANMA 1/2

Kei and Yuri in standard WWWA gear, ready for battle -- Yuri has the
Bloody Card ready to throw, while Kei is hefting an extremely (even for
her) large gun.

                             DIRTY PAIR

Tenchi Masaki in the robes of Jurai's emperor, flanked on either side by 
Tsunami and Washuu (in her adult form).  (Washuu is on his left ...)

                             TENCHI MUYO

Priss Asagiri in a somewhat battered looking hardsuit, lifting her railgun 
and grinning fiercely.

                          BUBBLEGUM CRISIS

Noa Izumi is seated in the cockpit of a humanoid mecha that resembles a 
scaled up, improved version of her Ingram, with the arms of Crystal Tokyo 
as a badge.

                       MOBILE POLICE PATLABOR

Neo-Queen Serenity stands calmly, surrounded by the four adult Sailor 
Senshi, with Prince Endymion standing behind her right shoulder.

                             SAILOR MOON

The screen returns to blackness.


                CRYSTAL TOKYO IS GOING TO EXPLODE ...

                           TOGETHER AGAIN
                               2937 Chapter

                    A Fanfiction by C. Richard Davies.





