Legal Info:
"Tenchi Muyo!" is property of AIC/Pioneer. Sifl & Olly is property of MTV
Networks and Viacom Networks. Don't sue me,
I'm already broke.

And now to the story:

"This is totally crescent fresh...."
[The opening credits roll. They look like the normal Sifl & Olly opening
credits, but "Ryoko's Theme" plays over them.]

(Intro)
Chester: Ladies and Gentlemen, Ryoko and Ayeka.
Sifl: Dude we aren't cool anime characters.
Olly: Take a look around, we are anime characters:
Sifl: Whoa! Dude, you know what this means?
Olly: We gotta find Tenchi Masaki's house so we can get some of Sasami's
tasty Juraian/Japanese cuisine?
Sifl: Besides that.
Olly: What?
Sifl: Dude! Now we can be played on Cartoon Network! They can run us on
Toonami instead of Reboot.
Olly: Awesome, but they'll edit out the good parts.
Sifl: I suppose so.
[There is an awkward pause]
Sifl: We gotta get to interviews.

(Act 1 - Interview with a Pirate)
Olly: Who do we have on interviews today?
Sifl: Ryoko.
Olly: Awesome!
[Ryoko Apparates before them.]
Ryoko: Hi Sifl. Hi Olly.
[Olly gets a nosebleed.]
Olly: Damn, I really am an anime character now.
Ryoko: Without a doubt.
[Olly stares longingly at Ryoko with his mouth wide open.]
Sifl: Anyway, How are things at the Masaki house?
Ryoko: Well the food is great. Sasami is a demon in the kitchen.
Olly: I heard she is going to get her own show on PBS where she gets to
cook with all the other cooks who have
a show on PBS. Is that true?
Ryoko: Well I heard Sasami mumbling something about Julia Child to
Tenchi, but I can't confirm anything.
Olly: Interesting. How is Tenchi doing in school?
Ryoko: Quite well. I hope he goes to University nearby, If you know what
I mean. Can we please talk about ME now?
Sifl: Sure. What do think of the fan fictions about you?
Ryoko: Any of the ones where I get Tenchi are great.
[Ayeka runs out on stage hits Ryoko with a big upper cut]
Ayeka: No they are not! Everyone knows Lord Tenchi is mine!
Sifl: What the!?
Olly: Oh Crap!
Ryoko: I'll teach you to punch me!
[Ryoko creates an plasma ball in her palm]
Ayeka: Just try it.
[Ayeka creates her shield around her]
Olly: Please don't start anything here!!! We don't have the money for a
new studio!!!
[Ryoko and Ayeka pay no attention to Olly's plea and attack each other,
leaving the studio in ruins and leaving Sifl
and Olly slightly charred and bruised]
Sifl: We've gotta to do calls from the public.
[Sifl passes out]
Olly: Dude...

(Act 2 - Calls from the Public with special guest host)
[Olly appears with Tenchi, but Sifl is absent)
Olly: Sifl still hasn't regained consciousness, but he is getting the
best medical care Washu can provide.
Luckily, Tenchi has agreed to step in.
Tenchi: It's great to be here. Sorry about Ryoko and Ayeka, they just
don't quite get along.
Olly: Very true Tenchi, very true. Well Tenchi, It's great to have you
here. How are things at the carrot farm?
Tenchi: We would have had a bumper crop if Ryo-Ohki hadn't eaten half of
it.
Olly: Wow! That Cabbit can eat!
Tenchi: I know.
Olly: Well Folks, just shout into your phone and it should come through.
Caller go ahead.
[Caller 1 is Nobuyuki]
Nobuyuki: Hello, Tenchi. Hello, Olly.
Tenchi: Hi Dad!
Olly: Hi Mr. Masaki! What is your question?
Nobuyuki: Well this is for Tenchi. Which girl are you going to pick?
Tenchi: Uh..Er..Ummm..Dad why do you want to know?
[Tenchi Big Sweats, there is no response from Nobuyuki]
Tenchi: Uhh.... Next Call!!
[Caller 2 is Kagato]
Kagato: I will get you Tenchi!
Tenchi: I have beaten you twice Kagato! I could beat you over the phone!
Olly: No way!
Tenchi: Way!
Olly: Prove it, or prepare to fight me!
[Tenchi takes out Tenchi-ken and Kagato hangs up immediately]
Olly: That's amazing.
Tenchi: Just proves how much of a coward Kagato is.
Olly: I guess so. Caller go ahead.
[Caller 3 is a bottle of sake]
Bottle of sake: Have you seen Ryoko?
Olly: She did a number on our studio in the last segment. She knocked
Sifl out cold!
Bottle of sake: So is she there?
Tenchi: No.
Caller 3: Damn.
[Caller 3 hangs up. Sifl stumbles into the studio.]
Sifl: What was that call?
Olly: Just a bottle of sake looking for someone else with a lot sake in
her. Are you better now?
Sifl: I'm a bit weak, but there was no permanent damage.
Olly: Tenchi, thanks for being my temporary co-host, it was fun.
Tenchi: Anytime! It gets me out of the house and away from the girls.

[Ad Break]

(Act 3: Interlude)
Sifl: Have you tried doing any anime faces yet?
Olly: No. Why don't we try one now?
Sifl: How about a face fault?
Olly: Sounds good.
[Sifl and Olly both attempt face faults, but to no avail.]
Sifl: Let's try this again.
Olly: Ok. 1... 2... 3...
[Sifl and Olly attempt face faults again, but they still don't get it
right. It looks like they are sick instead).
Sifl: Dude, we got to do Precious Roy now.
Olly: Damn. I'll have to learn the face fault later. Maybe Yosho can
teach me.

(Act 4: Precious Roy's Time and Space Controller)
Olly: Hi folks! Are you satisfied with reality as you know it? Is there
some girl or boy you'd like to be with but can't
because this dimension won't let you be with him or her?
Sifl: Dude, you know the problems I have been having with my reality and
the boundaries with in it.
Olly: Sifl, You've been having some serious ass reality problems!
[Olly takes a breath]
Olly: Folks have we got the product for you. Sifl and I present you the
viewer with the Precious Roy Time and Space
Controller! Change the laws of physics, make Cindy Crawford your wife and
give yourself superpowers!
[Cut to the stage with the Time and Space Controller on it. The price
listed by it is
30,000,000 dollars US/10,000 Juraian credits.]
Sifl: You sure this is legal?
Olly: It's made by Precious Roy and that is good enough for me. Lets take
some calls!
[First caller is Kiyone]
Kiyone: I bought one of these and it's made life perfect!
Olly: How has this Precious Roy product improved your life?
Kiyone: I deleted Mihoshi's existence with it and now I'm incredibly
happy!
Sifl: But doesn't this mean you never met Tenchi and hence, never even
got close enough Ryoko to catch her?
[Kiyone Face Faults]
Kiyone: I guess so. I guess I'll have to try this again.
Olly: I suppose so. Next caller!
[Caller 2 is Washu]
Washu: I'm Washu, The Greatest Scientist in The Universe, and I'd just
like to say that my line of Time and Space
Controllers are available at fraction of the price and they come with a
free holotop. If you order it now from
washuisgreatestgeniusinthisandanyotheruniverse.com, and you'll get a mini
version of my subspace lab. Need more closet
space? A mini lab has plenty!
[Olly is viably angry, Sifl is backing away]
Sifl: Olly don't blow up on her, we'll never get Tenchi or the girls in
his house on here again.
Olly: I'd like to have little word with you Miss Washu!
Washu: That's Little Washu to you Olly!
Olly: Whateva! Stay on the line I want to talk to you off the air!
Washu: Ok then.
Olly: Lets talk to Precious. Precious what do you think of the time and
space controller?
Precious Roy: My old lady calls me "baka kawaii"!!
Sifl: No the controller Roy, talk about the controller.
Precious Roy: Buy my Cabbit Meat Dehydrator! SUCKERS!
[Precious Roy theme music plays them out]

(Act 5: No Need for Anime Sock puppets)
[Sifl is alone with a puzzled look on his face]
Sifl: Olly went off somewhere, said he needed to change clothes for the
song today.
[Olly walks in wearing a Kimono]
Olly: Hello Sifl-chan.
Sifl: What the hell?
[Suddenly Olly starts into a funky, techno version "I think I'm turning
Japanese". Washu, Sasami and Mihoshi sing back up
for the chorus. It ends with a pyrotechnic explosion provided by Ryoko.]
Sifl: I'm impressed, great song. How you get Ryoko in?
Ryoko: I phased through the wall.
Olly: You told me you vaporized the MTV execs!
Sifl: You what?!
[Ryoko big sweats]
Ryoko: Well.. I... Uh sorta did both. When I phased through the wall, I
kinda landed in the board room and the execs were
there and they were talking about canceling you guys, so I kinda blasted
them.
[Ryoko looks worried about Sifl and Olly's reaction, but Sifl and Olly
appear visibly pleased]
Sifl and Olly: Awesome!
Sifl: You rock Ryoko!
Olly: If you ever need some help with a plan to get Tenchi, call me
anytime!
Sifl: Yeah!

(Act 6: Letters to Chester)
[Sifl and Olly are Mumbling something about Led Zeppelin, then they
realize it's time for letters to Chester]
Olly: It's time for letters to Chester.
Chester: Rock!
Olly: This letter is from Mihoshi from the Galaxy Police. It reads "Dear
Chester, I was wondering if you could tell me how
to use my Galaxy Police Cube. I threw out the instructions. Please help
me. Thanks in Advance, Mihoshi."
Sifl: Any ideas Chester?
Chester: She should try hitting the green button on the 3rd side. It'll
be totally crescent fresh.
Olly: Why dude?
Chester: It'll make the sky, like, green.
Sifl: Dude how do you know that?
Chester: I was in Galaxy Police training for a while.
Olly: Why aren't you in the Galaxy Police now?
Chester: I was kicked out for playing with Mihoshi's cube. I kinda did
something bad with it.
Sifl: What did you do with it?!
Chester: I accidently changed history. I got her paired with Kiyone.
[Sifl and Olly Face Fault]
Chester: You guys finally got it right. You been talkin' to Yosho?

(Act 7: Almost the end of the show)
[Sifl and Olly are on stage with the whole Tenchi household, Tsunami,
Sakuya and Chester]
Sifl: Man being an anime character is cool.
Olly: You're telling me! Tenchi has been giving me tips as to how to get
girls.
Sifl: Does this mean this fan fic is gonna become a lemon fic before it's
over?
Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Tsunami, Sakuya, Mihoshi and Kiyone: Not if I have
anything to say about it!!
Nobuyuki: Aw shucks.
Tenchi: Dad! Get your mind out of the gutter.
Sifl: Did you guys remember to bring the Karaoke machine you got in
space?
Tenchi: Yup.
Olly: Rock! What should we sing?
Washu: How about a medley of one of your songs and one of ours?
Yosho: That's sounds quite good.
Chester: That'll be cres.

[Sasami starts the machine up.]
Sasami: Ok lets go!
Ryo-Ohki: Miyou!

[Music starts playing for "Washu's Science Song"]
Washu: Sit back and listen to this song that I'm singin'!
Sifl: Photons, Protons, I think Protons are interesting!
Washu: Science is better, than love can ever be!
Sifl and Olly: [in harmony] Falling in love is based on Chaotic Theory!
Tenchi: Emotions are exhausting!
Chester: Quantum Mechanics, never ever makes you frown!
Washu: With scientific method,
Olly: Imaginary walls will come tumbling down, yeah!
[the breakdown in "Washu's Science Song" melds into Sifl and Olly's
"Laser Eyes"]
Olly: I've got laser eyes!
Everyone Else: Hey!
Ryoko: And I know what you are thinking!
Everyone Else: Hey!
Olly: Comes as no surprise!
Everyone Else: Hey!
Mihoshi: The Christmas Lights are Blinking!
Sifl and Olly: And I'm so curious!
Mihoshi and Kiyone: And I'm so curious!
Ryoko and Washu: And I'm so curious!
Tenchi: Cause I have laser eyes!
Everyone Else: Hey!
Sifl and Olly: And I'm so curious!
Yosho and Tsunami: And I'm so curious!
Tenchi and Sakuya: And I'm so curious!
Ryoko: Cause I have laser eyes!
Everyone Else: Hey!
[Ryoko blasts Sakuya]
Olly: I've got laser eyes!
Sakuya: And I know what you are thinking!
Everyone Else: Hey!
Olly: Comes as no surprise!
Everyone Else: Hey!
Tsunami: The Christmas Lights are Blinking!
Sifl and Olly: And I'm so curious!
Mihoshi and Kiyone: And I'm so curious!
Ryoko and Washu: And I'm so curious!
Tenchi: Cause I have laser eyes!
Sifl and Olly: And I'm so curious!
Nobuyuki: And I'm so curious!
Ryoko and Washu: And I'm so curious!
Tenchi: Cause I have laser eyes!
Sifl and Olly: And I'm so curious!
Yosho and Tsunami: And I'm so curious!
Tenchi and Sakuya: And I'm so curious!
Ryoko: Cause I have laser eyes!
Olly: Rock!
[The Song ends and suddenly Sifl and Olly back to being real socks
instead of anime socks]
Sifl: What happened!?
Olly: I guess we are back to normal.
[There is an awkward silence between Sifl and Olly)
Sifl: I just realized something.
Olly: What?
Sifl: We didn't get any of Sasami's Japanese/Juraian cooking!
Olly: Noooooooooooooooooooo!!!!
[The show ends. The end credits roll. They look like the end credits for
the Tenchi Universe series, but the music is the
Sifl and Olly's Theme Song.]

Additional Notes:
Well that's it folks. This was a one time thing I did in attempt to unite
my two favorite shows, Tenchi Muyo!
(and related Tenchi Series) and Sifl and Olly.

I emulated parts of the sketch from Sifl and Olly about the Precious Roy
Hickey Doo-Hickey with the Precious Roy
sketch in this FanFic and I directly usurped Olly's line "Prove it, or
prepare to fight me" in the Calls from the
Public sketch featuring Tenchi from the previously mentioned Hickey
Doo-Hickey sketch in this FanFic. It is one
of the funnier Sifl and Olly sketches that occurs in their second season
and wanted mix that funniness with Tenchi
Muyo's funniness.

Special Thanks to:
GenSao, for putting up the tmffa.com site.
The Sockheads E-mail Discussion list, because I want to thank them.

----------End Fic----------

Please send an e-mail my way once my fic is up, if it isn't any hassle
for you.

Karl (aka CouZ-N CaRl and The Stereo Logic, the CEO of Fun Confusion)
http://www.thestereologic.com - my website
Business E-mail> karl@thestereologic.com
