Disclaimer: I don't own these characters



Vash was walking through the desert trying to get to the nearby town of December. He was 
alone as he usually was. He had left the two insurance girls back at the last town. It wasn't that 
he didn't like them he just wanted to be alone.

Suddenly directly below him a huge portal appeared out of nowhere! Despite his fast reflexes he 
was sucked in!   

Earlier in a dark laboratory the greatest scientific mind in the universe makes a startling 
discovery!
 
Washu: "hey I was right! there is life in that dimension and it's intelligent! Strange, two of the life 
forms stand out over the others they appear to be much more powerful than the locals."(Vash 
and Knives aren't human) "I have to bring one here to further my research!"  
 
She punches a few buttons on her holocomputer and then washu's portal drops Vash in her lab.   

Vash: "ahhhhhhhhhh!"

Smash! He lands headfirst onto the lab floor, and then gets up crying in his usual manner.
 
Vash: "I'm alive thank god I thought I was a goner! That was so scary!"  

Not at all what Washu was expecting she summoned her computer and typed in the commands 
to cause her lab's cables to restrain him anyway. But when the cables lunged at him he easily 
dodged all of them, pulled out his gun and aimed it at washu's head at point blank range, all 
before she knew it. (He would never actually shoot her but she didn't know that.)

Vash: " who are you and were am I?" he said in a tone completely different from before.

Wasu: "why I'm Washu the greatest scientific mind in the universe!" she said cutely obviously 
not afraid.

Washu then teleported away and started typing on her consol again to summon more cables but 
Vash realizing what she was doing fired at the computer not knowing it was holographic! The 
bullet went strait through ricocheting into washu's main computer mainframe killing all the power 
in her lab.

Washu: " oh no! You just broke my entire lab! It'll take days to retrieve the lost info in my 
databanks and make repairs!" she yelled

Vash: "gee I'm really sorry about that....Hey what am I apologizing for you attacked me! 
what did you think would happen!"

Washu: "oh well it's nothing a genius like me can't handle" she said smoothly, as Vash fell to the 
floor.

Vash: " well are you gonna tell me were I am or not?"

Washu: " your in my lab, on another planet, in another demension."

Vash: "No way! You've got to be kidding! How am I supposed to get home?" he started crying 
again.

Washu: " well I would have sent you home soon enough but you had to go wreck my computer. 
now it'll take a few days before I can send you back."

Vash: " a few days? What am I supposed to do till then?" he said back in his silly tone.

Washu had a few thoughts on the subject, but then dismissed them because her lab was broken. 
Besides she thought, this guy's tougher than he looks and that he's more trouble than he's 
worth.

Washu: " well I guess your gonna be here for a while I might as well introduce you to the 
others."

Vash: "others?"

Washu then lead Vash to the door leading out of her lab and opened it. 

 
- Well that's it for now but don't worry  I'm going to write the hell out of this story soon enough 
-
 


