Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters.



Sasami: "OH NO! Someone come quick!"

 Sasami screamed as she saw the motionless body of Vash the Stampede lying 
at the steps in front of the house. As she did so everyone ran to her voice 
thinking something terrible had happened. When they reached her they recoiled 
in horror as they saw him. 

Ayeka: "What happened?!?"

Washu: " he's in pretty bad shape. Ryoko help carry him into my lab, Sasami 
get some bandages and a washcloth and follow us down! Hurry!"  

Tenchi: " but Washu I thought your lab wasn't working?"

Washu:  "well it still isn't really, but I still have emergency medical systems that 
are independent from my lab's core. I won't have access to as much as if the 
laboratory was working, but it's a whole lot more than what you have in the 
house."

They all rushed into Washu's lab. She led them into her emergency medical 
center were she had Ryoko place Vash onto a table. Sasami instantly began 
washing his wounds. Washu went to a stationary computer consol and typed in 
the commands for machines to appear and to begin treating Vash. 

Washu: "Amazing. By all accounts this man should be dead. I've never seen 
someone have this many bullets in them and still hold on." She said while 
reading data scans on Vash's condition.

Sasami: "that's horrible!"

Tenchi: " that man Vash was fighting with must have done this."

Mihoshi: "but he seemed fine when we were eating?"

Kiyone: " he probably didn't want to upset us."

Ryoko: "the big jerk just made it worse for himself."

Ayeka: "Ryoko! The man is lying here holding on by a thread and you have the 
nerve to insult him!"

Ryoko: "HEY princess excuse me for being honest but the idiot should have 
gotten help sooner!"

Ayeka: "you just did it again! And even so you should still show some respect 
Ryoko!"

Washu: "Whoa! Girls this is not the place to start a fight! In fact everyone out! I 
need to work and I can't let you all distract me!"

Ryoko: "but"

Tenchi: " girls you heard her. Everyone out." 

Tenchi then proceeded to huddle the girls outside. Then Washu began to work 
on healing Vash and repairing her lab. A few days past, Mihoshi and Kiyone 
had left to search for Uhsaw's ship, Washu had finished fixing her laboratory, 
and Vash had regained consciousness.

Washu: "wakey wakey sleepy head. So how do you feel?"

Vash: "Great, Super, Fantastic, wonderful."

Washu: "really?"

Vash: " no."

Washu: "Perfect, now get up, get dressed, and let's go get Knives!"

Vash: "get knives? Oh yeah! Are you ready, great! Wait a second, what do 
you mean get dressed?"

Vash looks down to see that he has been completely striped of his clothing.        

Vash: "AH! I'M NAKED!" he yelped as he bounded behind the examining 
table, opposite Washu, to hide his *unmentionables*.

Washu: " relax. It's nothing I haven't seen before."

Vash: "that doesn't make me feel much better." 

Washu: "fine here." She hands him his clothes "Sasami washed them, and 
stitched up the bullet holes for you." 

Vash: (while putting his clothes on) "I have to remember to thank her next time 
I see her. And you too, I might not be here right now if it weren't for you, 
thanks."

Washu: " well I got you into this mess, so I feel responsible for what happens 
to you."

Vash: " thanks still." 

Washu called for everyone to come together and formulate a battle plan. Her 
lab was working, and now that Vash has fully recovered. They can put in 
motion a way to return Vash and Knives to their home, and put things back to 
normal. Washu went on to explain that because Vash's genealogy is so similar 
to Knives that she can transport them both in one shot as long as they were 
reasonably close to each other. So that the trick now was to find Uhsaw's ship, 
fight our way into it and put the two together.

Ryoko: " HA! That's easier said than done. How are we supposed to find 
Uhsaw"s ship?"

As if on cue Washu got a radio transmission from Kiyone and Mihoshi.

Kiyone: " Washu! We just got a lead that Uhsaw's ship is stationed in orbit 
around a dead planet in the noolffodessip sector. Coordinates are 53040.604359 x 
3285.559010.  

Washu: " Gotcha! We're on our way!"

 Floating through an endless abyss of bleak oblivion is Uhsaw's space ship. It 
meanders through the cosmos like a lost soul. Through the ship's main viewport 
all that could be seen was the empty black void of outer space and a sorry 
excuse for creation, a no name heap of dirt of a planet with out a single shred 
of life to be found. Knives found the view to be breath taking; he loved it. 
Uhsaw on the other hand did not.

Uhsaw: "Knives I've healed your wounds now help me devise a plan to get 
that accursed Washu!"

There was no answer from Knives he just kept staring into space.

Uhsaw: "are you listening to me? We have to try again so get over here!" 

Knives continued to ignore her.

Uhsaw: "Damn you Knives! I order you to get over hear right now!"

Knives: "heh he ha HA HA HA! You order me? You're a joke. I've played 
along with your childish obsession long enough."

Uhsaw: "what do you mean?"

Knives: "I mean I've been using you! And your usefulness to me has worn out. 
It's time for you to die!
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!"

BLAM!

Knives laughed manically as he pulled his gun from its holster and shot Uhsaw 
through the head. Just as her body hit the ground the ships alarms went off.

Knives: " what? Was her body connected to the ship somehow? No I'm under 
attack!"

In the main viewport Ryo-oky and Yugami could be seen firing at the ship. 
Suddenly Vash, Tenchi, and Washu teleported next to Knives.

Vash: "alright Knives you're coming with me."

Knives: " I don't think so brother, I just stole this vessel and I'm not giving it 
up."

Washu: " Too late! I'm sending you both back right now! Good bye Vash!" 
she said while punching the control to send them home.

Vash: " Goodbye friends."

Knives: "NOOOOOOOOO!"

In a blind fury Knives fired his angel arm at Washu, even when a blast of light 
engulfed them both about to send them away, Knives arm transformed into a 
giant freakish cannon and launched a massive power blast in Washu's 
direction! Hoping to stop the transportation process Knives was too late and 
they were both sent to the exact spots in their dimension where they were 
taken. But his beam had made it through and went cascading strait for Washu 
with enough power to level a planet!!!

KA -BOOM would be an understatement.

Washu looked up in astonishment as she saw Tenchi standing before her with 
his arms outstretched and three blades of light in front of him. These blades 
have stopped and absorbed the blast completely. Not even the ship was 
damaged!

Washu: "the lighthawk wings! The greatest weapon in the jurian arsenal! Tenchi 
your Amazing!"  

The moment she said that the wings disappeared and there was no sign of Vash 
or Knives. An awkward silence ensued until Tenchi noticed the corpse of 
Uhsaw.

Tenchi: "look." He said while pointing it out to washu.

Washu: " she kept bad company. I'm not surprised. It probably would have 
turned out this way anyhow. Still I can't help but feel sorry for her."

Just then Ryoko's face appeared in a Vid -window and she demanded to 
know what was going on! 

Tenchi: " nothing Ryoko. Vash and Knives have been sent to their own 
dimension and Uhsaw's dead. You can teleport us back onto Ryo-oky now. 
We can finally all go home.

                                                                      THE END

- Well that's it. It's all over. Go home. - 

