Disclaimer: I don't own these characters



Vash was walking through the desert trying to get to the nearby town 
of December. He was alone as he usually was. He had left the two 
insurance girls back at the last town. It wasn't that he didn't like 
them he just wanted to be alone.

Suddenly directly below him a huge portal appeared out of nowhere! 
Despite his fast reflexes he was sucked in!   

Earlier in a dark laboratory the greatest scientific mind in the 
universe makes a startling discovery!
 
Washu: "hey I was right! There is life in that dimension and it's 
intelligent! Strange, two of the life forms stand out over the others 
they appear to be much more powerful than the locals."(Vash and Knives 
aren't human) "I have to bring one here to further my research!"  
 
She punches a few buttons on her holocomputer and then washu's portal 
drops Vash in her lab.   

Vash: "ahhhhhhhhhh!"

Smash! He lands headfirst onto the lab floor, and then gets up crying 
in his usual manner.
 
Vash: "I'm alive thank god I thought I was a goner! That was so 
scary!"  

Not at all what Washu was expecting she summoned her computer and 
typed in the commands to cause her lab's cables to restrain him anyway. 
But when the cables lunged at him he easily dodged all of them, pulled 
out his gun and aimed it at washu's head at point blank range, all 
before she knew it. (He would never actually shoot her but she didn't 
know that.)

Vash: " who are you and were am I?" he said in a tone completely 
different from before.

Washu: "why I'm Washu the greatest scientific mind in the universe!" 
she said cutely obviously not afraid.

Washu then teleported away and started typing on her consol again to 
summon more cables but 
Vash realizing what she was doing fired at the computer not knowing it 
was holographic! The bullet went strait through ricocheting into washu's 
main computer mainframe killing all the power in her lab.

Washu: " oh no! You just broke my entire lab! It'll take days to 
retrieve the lost info in my databanks and make repairs!" she yelled

Vash: "gee I'm really sorry about that.... Hey what am I apologizing 
for you attacked me! What did you think would happen!"

Washu: "oh well it's nothing a genius like me can't handle" she said 
smoothly, as Vash fell to the floor.

Vash: " well are you gonna tell me were I am or not?"

Washu: " your in my lab, on another planet, in another demension."

Vash: "No way! You've got to be kidding! How am I supposed to get 
home?" he started crying again.

Washu: " well I would have sent you home soon enough but you had to go 
wreck my computer. Now it'll take a few days before I can send you 
back."

Vash: " a few days? What am I supposed to do till then?" he said back 
in his silly tone.

Washu had a few thoughts on the subject, but then dismissed them 
because her lab was broken. 
Besides she thought, this guy's tougher than he looks and that he's 
more trouble than he's worth.

Washu: " well I guess your gonna be here for a while I might as well 
introduce you to the others."

Vash: "others?"

Washu then lead Vash to the door leading out of her lab and opened it.

  
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````````````` 

Last time we left off were Washu had just decided to show Vash to the 
others.

	Washu and Vash went through the door into what appeared to be a 
home of some kind, much different from her lab Vash noted, and a lot 
swankier than the homes he was used to. Then Vash noticed the others 
that Washu must have been referring to. There were two sitting next to 
each other on a couch, one with tan skin and blond hair, and the other 
with a dark sort of green color hair. On the other side of the couch sat 
two girls and one boy. The girls each sat on either side of him. Then 
they all turned to see Washu and noticed him for the first time.

	Tenchi: " hey Washu. Um who is that?" he said startled.

	Washu: " I'd like you all to meet.. Hey I just realized I don't 
even know your name, who are you?"

	Vash: " I'm a hunter of peace, searching for the elusive mayfly 
called love, I am 
	Vash The Stampede!"

	Expecting them to freak out and run away he was surprised when 
they seemed unfazed by his name, until he realized that he was in 
another dimension. So they would never have heard of him, witch he 
thought was for the best anyway.

	Tenchi: " okay, well my name is Tenchi Masaki, this is my home."

	Ryoko: " my name is Ryoko, infamous space pirate!" she said with 
a grin.

	Ayeka: " I'm first Princess of Jurai, Princess Ayeka." 

	Mihoshi / Kiyone: "were officers Mihoshi and Kiyone of the 
galaxy police!"

	Vash was very shocked by all this, not who they were but what 
they were. Apparently these people could travel through space! He didn't 
know what Jurai was but he did know that galaxy police and space pirate 
obviously meant they could go to outer space. He himself had been in 
space when he was younger but that was years ago, it just seemed so 
strange to him. Then he felt a pull on his coat and looked down, and for 
the first time he saw the little girl with the blue hair    

	Sasami: "and I'm Sasami. Nice to meet you." She said with a 
smile on her face.

	Vash: " it's nice to meet you too Sasami."

	Washu: " well anyway Vash here is gonna have to stay with us for 
a while till I can send him home."

	Tenchi: " Washu what did you do?"

	Washu: "Me! I didn't do anything! He was the one who freaked out 
and broke my lab!"

	Tenchi: " and how did he get into your lab?"

	Washu: " well I kind of kidnapped him for my experiments."

	Tenchi: " I knew it, oh well I guess he can stay for a little 
while."

	Vash: " Oh thank you, you have no idea how much this means to 
me!" he said while sobbing. " I promise that as long as I'm here I will 
be your own personal bodyguard! Free of charge of course!" he said in a 
completely different tone.

	Tenchi: " No thanks that's alright I don't think I need a body 
guard."

	Vash: " suit yourself."
 
	Ryoko: " bodyguard? HA! No one like you could ever be a 
bodyguard." She said referring to Vash's constant silliness and strange 
mood swings.

	Vash: " so quick to judge, as a pirate you should know that 
people aren't always what they seem." He said dead serious, witch 
shocked Ryoko.

	Washu: " he's right Ryoko, you should have seen what he did to 
my lab with only a single shot."

	Tenchi: " Shot? What do you mean shot?"

	Vash: " she means gun shot " He said while pulling out his 
custom silver handgun. 

	Ryoko: " holy! That is one big gun."

	Ayeka: " pardon me for asking but what do you need a gun like 
that for?"

	Vash: "it was a gift... And were I come from things can get 
pretty dangerous from time to time, but I actually never like to use it, 
I believe there are better ways to handle a situation without resorting 
to violence."

	Ryoko: "yeah right, sure you do."

	Sasami: " well I for one, agree I think there is always a better 
way."
 
	Tenchi: "Me too Sasami."

	Sasami: "Thanks Tenchi! Well I better go prepare dinner for one 
more since Mr. 
	Vash will be joining us"  

	Vash: "Thank you Sasami and you can just call me Vash."
       
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
`````
Every one sat around the table eating, Vash was finally getting used 
to these new people being around him. The younger one Sasami he was 
especially fond of, she reminded him of the innocence and kindness that 
people have the capacity for. One of the reasons he fought to protect so 
many were those very characteristics. The others he liked as well, they 
all seemed to be good friendly people. Even the one who kidnapped him in 
the first place, he warmed up to. 

Vash: " Gee Sasami this food is really good. I never get this good of 
food back home." He said while filling his face with every kind of food 
on the table.

Sasami: "thank you Vash."

Ayeka: " yes that's right, Vash could you tell us about your planet, 
it seems very interesting."

Vash: "Well. All right. My planet is nothing like yours. The entire 
planet is one big desert. Water is a rarity, and some people can barely 
survive. It's really a bad place to live, people are always fighting, 
and have little or no care about any one but themselves. But not every 
one is like that. There are still good people who are just trying to get 
by in the harsh conditions. Those are the people I've sworn to protect 
because they can't protect themselves. Even if they don't necessarily 
realize I'm trying to help."

Ayeka: " that sounds awful!"

Washu: " What did you mean by "even if they don't realize you're 
trying to help?"

Vash: "oh nothing. I just don't have the best reputation back home. 
That's all." He curses himself for even bringing it up. "What an 
understatement" he thought.

Tenchi: " well as long as your trying to help your alright with me, 
Vash."

After dinner every one helped clear the table and wash up. It was just 
then that Vash was introduced to Ryo-ohki. Whom he didn't realize wasn't 
just a pet until everyone told him. Unfortunately because there were so 
many people there already, there weren't enough beds to go around. Vash 
opted to take the couch in the living room and that was fine as long as 
he had a blanket. Tenchi agreed and every one went to bed. Vash couldn't 
sleep however. He had taken off his large coat, shirt and boots, and he 
was plenty comfortable, that wasn't what had kept him up. It was the 
majestic site he saw through the large window in the main room. It was a 
wonder how he had missed it before. He looked out at the perfect full 
moon glisten over the lake outside, and the rows upon rows of forest 
stretching as far as the eye could see. He saw mountains covered in lush 
greens and browns. It was so beautiful to him. It was the most beautiful 
thing he had ever seen. He thought one thing then cried and went to 
sleep.    

         " I wish Rem could see this."

The next morning he woke up to an amazing sunrise that rivaled the 
scene the previous night. Apparently he wasn't the first one up. Sasami 
was already up and preparing breakfast when she saw Vash awake. 

Sasami: " Glad your up so early Vash."

Vash: "Yeah I'm usually a late sleeper I guess I'm a little off 
today." he then noticed that his coat and shirt were gone. "Sasami were 
are my clothes?"

Sasami: "I saw them on the ground, and I noticed they were dirty so I 
put them in the wash. Witch reminds me, you stink, you should probably 
go take a shower before everyone gets up."

Vash: " hey give me a break I come from a desert planet we don't get 
to bathe often." he said totally embarrassed.    

Sasami: " Well now's your chance silly, it's upstairs, first door on 
the right."

Vash: " Alright but close your eyes till I get up there okay?"

Sasami: " Why? You still have your pants don't you?"

Vash: " Just close your eyes, please?"

Sasami: " Oh okay"

Vash wasn't about ready to show little Sasami him without his shirt 
on. After all he only let a few people see him like that because of all 
his scars, not to mention his robotic left arm. So Vash silently went 
upstairs to the bathroom, checking that no one was looking he went 
inside. Thinking nothing of it he had used his cyber arm to turn the 
handle, and amazingly enough he went in to see a huge room with a giant 
hot spring in it that looked more like a swimming pool than a bath. He 
figured it was one of Washu's inventions so he undressed and went in 
thinking it was supposed to be like this. He was relaxing in the water 
so much that he didn't hear the girls coming till it was too late. Ayeka 
and Ryoko came in arguing over something and stopped dead. Not only did 
they see his scars and his fake arm, they saw all of his scars! and then 
some. They quietly turned around, walked out, and closed the door.

Ayeka and Ryoko: 
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
HHH!!!!!!"

They both screamed as loud as they could. It wasn't long until every 
one in the house was outside the bath. Knowing there was no escape Vash 
dried off, put his pants back on, and went outside to meet the others.
      
Vash: " um. Hi guys."

Ayeka: " What happened to you? Your body it's...it's so..." she 
couldn't finish.

Ryoko: " forget about that! How the hell did you get into the girls 
bath! "

Vash " girls bath?"  
 
Washu: " I think I can figure that out." She said while observing Vash 
" you used that mechanical arm to get in didn't you? The doorknob was 
designed to send the boys into the regular bath and the girls into the 
other. But because you used your robotic arm to get in, the computer 
couldn't register you. And since there are more women then men it sent 
you to the girl's bath. I am such a genius" she mused.

Vash: " Gee I'm sorry. I didn't know. I'll be sure to use my other arm 
next time, alright?" 

Ayeka: " It's okay Vash I understand."

Ryoko: " Well I guess it's alright. No harm done."

Kiyone: " It's a good thing he went in first or it would have been him 
walking in on us."

Sasami: "Now I know why you didn't want me to see you earlier. What 
happened to you?"

Tenchi: " now now, Sasami I don't think that." Vash cut him off

Vash: " it's alright, there's no point in hiding it now that you've 
all seen it, like 
I said before my world is a very dangerous place, and there are many 
people who would like to see me dead, these are the scares I get for 
refusing to kill."

Ryoko: " refusing to kill! Why not! If someone's trying to kill you, 
you should kill them first!"

Vash: " Because no one has the right to take the life of another!"

Tenchi: " Ryoko, Vash I don't know which one of you are right, but I 
do know that we shouldn't be arguing."

Ryoko: "yeah I guess your right."
 
Vash nodded in agreement. Later, Sasami had given Vash his clothes 
back and Vash had gone off into the woods to be by himself for a while. 
No one saw him again until lunch when they sent Mihoshi out to find him. 
Mihoshi stumbled around the woods until she saw him. He was standing in 
a clearing and was practicing balancing a rock on the end of his gun. 
She remembered that back at the academy only the very best marksmen 
could do that, and only for a few minutes at best. It seemed like 
nothing for Vash to do it. It wasn't until she got closer that she 
realized that he wasn't just balancing the stone he was moving his 
handgun up and down so fast that the stone never has a chance to fall. 
That kind of speed was thought to be impossible before now.

Mihoshi: " Wow! That's amazing! Your moving so fast it's incredible!"

Vash: " thank you Mihoshi." He said while stopping the exercise and 
catching the rock. " So what's up?"

Mihoshi: " oh yeah, Sasami sent me to tell you that lunch is ready, or 
is that dinner, no it's lunch I'm sure! Kinda."

Vash: " Thanks again Mihoshi."   

 They walked back together. The entire time Mihoshi was talking about 
how fast Vash was, and asking if he could show her how to do stuff like 
that with her handgun, and so on, until they reached the house. Just 
then they heard a huge rumbling sound like a really loud storm. Everyone 
came rushing outside to see what it was. Low and behold a massive space 
ship appeared as if out of nowhere and landed in front of the Misaki 
home. By now Vash and Mihoshi had met up with the others and was 
watching in awe as the ships door opened, and a large metal ramp 
extended before them. Out of the ship came a tall woman with flat jet-
black hair and an outfit that fit as if she was poured into it. It was a 
skintight blue jumpsuit with white trimming around the (low cut) neck 
and sleeves, with black boots.

            " Hello, I am Uhsaw the most powerful woman in the 
universe! And 
I'm here to destroy you!"  
           
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
Everyone watched this strange new comer as she declared that she would 
destroy each one of them! 

Ushaw: " I'm going to kill each and every last one of you." She said with 
an evil smile on her face.

Tenchi: " who are you, what do you want."

Ryoko: " more importantly why do you want to destroy us?"

Ushaw: " that's simple, because I can!" she started laughing " I've been 
observing you lower life forms for some time now, and I've been waiting for 
the perfect opportunity to strike, and it just so happens that that 
opportunity is now!"

Washu: " my lab! You're striking now because my lab is down!"

Vash: " oh no!" remembering that it was his fault that her lab wasn't 
working.

Uhsaw: " that's correct! I've always despised you Washu! And now I'm 
finally going to crush you!" 

Tenchi: " not if I have any thing to say about it! Were not helpless you 
know!"

"YEAH!" said everyone in unison.

 Uhsaw: " oh my dear friend yes you are! As I said before I've been 
watching you all for a while, and I've discovered all of your weaknesses! 
And I will exploit them all!" she started laughing loudly.

Vash: " Maybe, but you don't know mine." he said while pulling his gun out 
from it's holster and pointing it at her.

Uhsaw: " No, but I Know someone who does!"

Just then a second voice started laughing from inside her space ship, a 
loud and cold laugh that sent chills down your back. Vash knew who it was 
instantly, and prayed that he was wrong! For if it was who he suspected 
they were all in for the fight of their lives.

 " Knives!"
 
 Knives: " Hah! You know me well dear brother!" he said while exiting the 
ship. " Surprised to see me?"

Vash: " how. How did you get here?"

Uhsaw: " I brought him here of course! As soon as Washu brought you here 
I decided to bring over your brother. You know, to even things up a bit. 
Of course it took some convincing to get him to side with me but as soon as 
he discovered I wasn't human, we got along just fine!"

Then suddenly Uhsaw turned to her ship, pressed a few buttons on its hull, 
and six unique machines came flying out and paired themselves to everyone, 
all but Washu and Vash.

Uhsaw: "these robots will be you're down fall!"

But before anyone could make a move Vash and Knives darted off into the 
woods not taking their eyes off each other once. They were locked in a duel 
that was not to be interfered with by anyone else.

Washu: " your even crazier than I am if you think these toys are going to 
beat us!"

Uhsaw: " watch."

As if on cue the robots started to attack their selected partners. First 
came Tenchi; who had his sword at the ready. The machine extended its arm 
and a strange piece of metal appeared out of it. Instantly his sword flew 
out of his hands into the robots arm

Tenchi: " it must be some kind of magnet!" 

But before he could do anything about it a boa (rope with weights at the 
ends) shot out of the robot's chest and tied Tenchi to the ground.

Tenchi: " Ah! Help!"

Ryoko: " Tenchi!"

Ayeka: "Lord Tenchi!"

Ryoko flew as fast as she could towards Tenchi, but was cut off by her 
would-be assassin robot.  

Ryoko: " Get out of my way! She demanded as she shot towards her opponent.

Reading her movements the robot new what to expect as Ryoko led into it 
with her left hand and fired out with her right. In a blink of an eye, the 
robot grabbed hold of her by the wrist and shot out thousands of volts of 
electricity. Electrocuting Ryoko to a degree that even she couldn't 
withstand. She dropped to the ground unconscious and bleeding.

Sasami: " Ryoko!" she screamed not knowing what to do

Then two more robots flew after Ayeka and Sasami, and as they computed 
Azaka and Kamedake appeared at the girl's side and formed a force field 
around the two princesses.

Ayeka: "Hah! As long as were in here you can't touch us." She said 
confidently.

In response the robots, at the same time launched an impenetrable force 
field around the other one. Trapping the girls inside.      

Ayeka: " my god wear trapped!"

Sasami: " Ayeka I'm scared!" she said while she hung on to her sister.

Mihoshi and Kiyone were next. They pulled out their side rifles and 
started firing at the machines. But each robot had incredible speed and 
flew behind the galaxy police officers and in an act of true irony, unarmed 
them both and handcuffed their arms behind their backs. Now every one had 
been beaten and Washu was left to deal with Uhsaw alone.

Washu: "what's your problem! Why are you doing this?"

Uhsaw: " Because of you, Washu! Because of you."

Washu: " what do you mean? I've never seen you before in my life!"

Uhsaw: "no you haven't. But I've seen you. And I've watched you ever since 
I saw you. You were always better than me always the one who got all the 
attention. I too went to the science academy but I was never noticed. It 
was always Washu the magnificent, or Washu the Genius. Nothing about me. 
But I thought I was finally rid of you when they imprisoned you in that 
cave. It was the happiest day of my life! Until you were freed by that Damn 
Ryoko! Even though you weren't in the academy any more you still had it 
better than me! Living here with Tenchi and the rest! You don't deserve 
this kind of happiness Washu! It should have been mine! It should have been 
mine."

Washu: " so that's what this is all about. Hah! You're nothing more than a 
jealous stalker! And I have news for you girl. You can destroy me and it 
won't change a thing. You'll just find someone else to obsess over until 
you eventually die a sad depressing death. People like you can never find 
happiness until you let go of you're fixation with others and become happy 
and comfortable with who you are!"  

Uhsaw: "Shut UP! Shut UP! Shut UP! , I'm not hearing this. You have no 
idea what pain I've gone through, and now I'm going to make you pay!"

She reached down to her side for what appeared to be a controller device 
for the robots. Washu seeing this and realizing that Uhsaw was still 
distracted by what she had said earlier, Washu charged at her in a physical 
attack that was very unlike her, and pulled the controller away. She 
examined it for a brief moment then typed in the command to cause the 
robots to self-destruct.

Uhsaw: " NO! My robots! Why you bitch!" 

She got up and lunged at Washu pinning her to the ground. She raised her 
fist ready to beat down on Washu when she was blasted off by a gunshot. 
Washu turned to see a wounded Vash carrying an unconscious Knives over his 
right shoulder and pointing at Uhsaw with what appeared to be a machine gun 
coming out of his arm. (You didn't think I had forgotten about our guest 
star had you?)

Washu: "thank you Vash."

Vash: "she's not beaten yet, that was just a shoulder wound."

Just as he said it, Ushaw got up and ran to her ship. Vash was about to go 
after her when Washu stopped him.        

Washu: " let her go. I don't think she'll try to come after us again."

Vash nodded in agreement and stood idle as she closed the doors to her 
ship, and prepared for take-off. It was about that time that the others had 
rejoined with them. After the robots were destroyed the force field that 
held Ayeka and Sasami prisoner disappeared. The princesses then continued 
to free the others and help Ryoko to her feet.

Tenchi: "I heard every thing, are you sure she won't come back?"

Washu: "I just have this gut feeling that we've seen the last of her."

Ryoko: "well if she does come back we'll be ready for her."

Ayeka: " yes, she was merely lucky this time."

As Uhsaw's ship was taking off, Knives was teleported off of vash's 
shoulder and onto her ship, then took off.

Vash: " oh no! She might not be coming back but Knives will!" 

Washu: " Don't worry Vash. I know how to take care of Knives."

   
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
``````````


Vash: "what do you mean you know what to do about Knives?" 

Washu: "simple, I'll use the same technology I used to bring you here, to 
send him back." she said confidently. 

Vash: "oh."

Ayeka: "But Washu your lab is still broken isn't it?"  

Washu: "Damn! Your right, I still haven't fixed it yet!" she slapped her 
forehead for forgetting.  

Vash: "well now it's more important than ever to get it up and running, we 
can't let Knives stay loose for long or who knows what atrocities he might 
commit! I'll do anything you need to help fix your lab sooner."

Tenchi: "we'll all help. Right everyone?"

Everyone: "RIGHT!"  

Washu: " I'm touched but it's really just a one person job. Besides it 
would be way too complex for you all to make any difference." She said 
arrogantly.

Ryoko: "What's that supposed to mean? Are you calling me stupid!"

Ayeka: "well I can understand why she would. A barbarian like you could 
never understand the intricacies of science."

Ryoko: " barbarian. Barbarian! Why I'll." 

Tenchi: "Girls stop!" he said firmly before turning to face Washu. 
"Alright Washu, we'll let you work in peace, but if there's anything you 
need, anything at all, we're more than willing to help."

Washu: "thank you Tenchi." She said flirtatiously which made Tanchi blush.

Ryoko: "fine, I didn't want to work in that stupid lab anyway." She said 
while making a face at Washu, then an even worse one at Ayeka.

Kiyone: " Mihoshi and I will go on duty and try to catch Uhsaw the old 
fashioned way." 

Mihoshi: "we will?" she said dumbfounded. Still disoriented after the 
recent attack.

Kiyone: " yes Mihoshi we will, now come on we should leave right away."

Sasami: "but we haven't even had diner yet."

Vash: "oh yeah! I'm starving! Especially after that fight!" he said like a 
total goof. 

Tenchi: "actually we all probably should eat and rest awhile before we try 
to do anything. That fight took a lot out of all of us."

Everyone agreed and they all went inside and had dinner; which had gotten 
cold for sitting out so long. Nobody said much, and it was an awkward meal. 
Some didn't talk because they were so weakened, and some just didn't feel 
like making conversation, until Kiyone decided to break the silence.

 Kiyone: "so Vash who was that creepy guy you fought with? I thought I 
herd him call you "brother"?"

Vash: "he is my brother." He said coldly.

Kiyone: "oh" she said regretfully, wishing she hadn't even asked.  

After dinner they were all very tired and left the table as it was. Sasami 
said she would clear it in the morning and went straight to bed. Ryoko 
knocked out too, being electrocuted really takes its toll on you. Ayeka 
fallowed Sasami to bed and it didn't take long for Tenchi to decide to go 
to sleep either. Kiyone went to their ship and prepped it for action before 
falling asleep in the captain's chair, and Mihoshi slept were she fell. 
After everyone was out and Washu was in her lab Vash decided it was a good 
time to bandage his wounds. He had gotten pretty shot up during his fight 
with Knives and he didn't want anyone to worry, so he had waited until now 
to put on some bandages. He grabbed a first aid kit out of the kitchen and 
went outside, so not to get any blood on the floor. He removed his coat, 
which the blood hadn't seeped through yet, and then his black top that was 
now so blood stained you could hardly call it black.

Vash: "ouch! He really got me good this time." He said while grinding his 
teeth to block out the pain.

Vash had a whole new set of holes in him, and he felt it. He washed off 
the blood and began to wrap himself with the medical tape. He knew what his 
limits were and he knew how much damage he could take and how much he 
couldn't. It was close but he would be all right. 

Vash: "Knives is getting better...ha...he's good, real good but as long as 
I'm around he'll always be second best." He said jokingly as if some one 
were listening, before he blacked out from blood loss on the steps outside 
the Masaki home.

Sasami: "OH NO! Someone come quick!"

 Sasami screamed as she saw the motionless body of Vash the Stampede lying 
at the steps in front of the house. As she did so everyone ran to her voice 
thinking something terrible had happened. When they reached her they 
recoiled in horror as they saw him. 

Ayeka: "What happened?!?"

Washu: " he's in pretty bad shape. Ryoko help carry him into my lab, 
Sasami get some bandages and a washcloth and follow us down! Hurry!"  

Tenchi: " but Washu I thought your lab wasn't working?"

Washu:  "well it still isn't really, but I still have emergency medical 
systems that are independent from my lab's core. I won't have access to as 
much as if the laboratory was working, but it's a whole lot more than what 
you have in the house."

They all rushed into Washu's lab. She led them into her emergency medical 
center were she had Ryoko place Vash onto a table. Sasami instantly began 
washing his wounds. Washu went to a stationary computer consol and typed in 
the commands for machines to appear and to begin treating Vash. 

Washu: "Amazing. By all accounts this man should be dead. I've never seen 
someone have this many bullets in them and still hold on." She said while 
reading data scans on Vash's condition.

Sasami: "that's horrible!"

Tenchi: " that man Vash was fighting with must have done this."

Mihoshi: "but he seemed fine when we were eating?"

Kiyone: " he probably didn't want to upset us."

Ryoko: "the big jerk just made it worse for himself."

Ayeka: "Ryoko! The man is lying here holding on by a thread and you have 
the nerve to insult him!"

Ryoko: "HEY princess excuse me for being honest but the idiot should have 
gotten help sooner!"

Ayeka: "you just did it again! And even so you should still show some 
respect Ryoko!"

Washu: "Whoa! Girls this is not the place to start a fight! In fact 
everyone out! I need to work and I can't let you all distract me!"

Ryoko: "but"

Tenchi: " girls you heard her. Everyone out." 

Tenchi then proceeded to huddle the girls outside. Then Washu began to 
work on healing Vash and repairing her lab. A few days past, Mihoshi and 
Kiyone had left to search for Uhsaw's ship, Washu had finished fixing her 
laboratory, and Vash had regained consciousness.

Washu: "wakey wakey sleepy head. So how do you feel?"

Vash: "Great, Super, Fantastic, wonderful."

Washu: "really?"

Vash: " no."

Washu: "Perfect, now get up, get dressed, and let's go get Knives!"

Vash: "get knives? Oh yeah! Are you ready, great! Wait a second, what do 
you mean get dressed?"

Vash looks down to see that he has been completely striped of his 
clothing.        

Vash: "AH! I'M NAKED!" he yelped as he bounded behind the examining table, 
opposite Washu, to hide his *unmentionables*.

Washu: " relax. It's nothing I haven't seen before."

Vash: "that doesn't make me feel much better." 

Washu: "fine here." She hands him his clothes "Sasami washed them, and 
stitched up the bullet holes for you." 

Vash: (while putting his clothes on) "I have to remember to thank her next 
time I see her. And you too, I might not be here right now if it weren't 
for you, thanks."

Washu: " well I got you into this mess, so I feel responsible for what 
happens to you."

Vash: " thanks still." 

Washu called for everyone to come together and formulate a battle plan. 
Her lab was working, and now that Vash has fully recovered. They can put in 
motion a way to return Vash and Knives to their home, and put things back 
to normal. Washu went on to explain that because Vash's genealogy is so 
similar to Knives that she can transport them both in one shot as long as 
they were reasonably close to each other. So that the trick now was to find 
Uhsaw's ship, fight our way into it and put the two together.

Ryoko: " HA! That's easier said than done. How are we supposed to find 
Uhsaw"s ship?"

As if on cue Washu got a radio transmission from Kiyone and Mihoshi.

Kiyone: " Washu! We just got a lead that Uhsaw's ship is stationed in 
orbit around a dead planet in the noolffodessip sector. Coordinates are 
53040.604359 x 3285.559010.  

Washu: " Gotcha! We're on our way!"

 Floating through an endless abyss of bleak oblivion is Uhsaw's space 
ship. It meanders through the cosmos like a lost soul. Through the ship's 
main viewport all that could be seen was the empty black void of outer 
space and a sorry excuse for creation, a no name heap of dirt of a planet 
with out a single shred of life to be found. Knives found the view to be 
breath taking; he loved it. Uhsaw on the other hand did not.

Uhsaw: "Knives I've healed your wounds now help me devise a plan to get 
that accursed Washu!"

There was no answer from Knives he just kept staring into space.

Uhsaw: "are you listening to me? We have to try again so get over here!" 

Knives continued to ignore her.

Uhsaw: "Damn you Knives! I order you to get over hear right now!"

Knives: "heh he ha HA HA HA! You order me? You're a joke. I've played 
along with your childish obsession long enough."

Uhsaw: "what do you mean?"

Knives: "I mean I've been using you! And your usefulness to me has worn 
out. 
 It's time for you to die!
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!"

BLAM!

Knives laughed manically as he pulled his gun from its holster and shot 
Uhsaw through the head. Just as her body hit the ground the ships alarms 
went off.

Knives: " what? Was her body connected to the ship somehow? No I'm under 
attack!"

In the main viewport Ryo-oky and Yugami could be seen firing at the ship. 
Suddenly Vash, Tenchi, and Washu teleported next to Knives.

Vash: "alright Knives you're coming with me."

Knives: " I don't think so brother, I just stole this vessel and I'm not 
giving it up."

Washu: " Too late! I'm sending you both back right now! Good bye Vash!" 
she said while punching the control to send them home.

Vash: " Goodbye friends."

Knives: "NOOOOOOOOO!"

In a blind fury Knives fired his angel arm at Washu, even when a blast of 
light engulfed them both about to send them away, Knives arm transformed 
into a giant freakish cannon and launched a massive power blast in Washu's 
direction! Hoping to stop the transportation process Knives was too late 
and they were both sent to the exact spots in their dimension where they 
were taken. But his beam had made it through and went cascading strait for 
Washu with enough power to level a planet!!!

KA -BOOM would be an understatement.

Washu looked up in astonishment as she saw Tenchi standing before her with 
his arms outstretched and three blades of light in front of him. These 
blades have stopped and absorbed the blast completely. Not even the ship 
was damaged!

Washu: "the lighthawk wings! The greatest weapon in the jurian arsenal! 
Tenchi you're Amazing!"  

The moment she said that the wings disappeared and there was no sign of 
Vash or Knives. An awkward silence ensued until Tenchi noticed the corpse 
of 
Uhsaw.

Tenchi: "look." He said while pointing it out to washu.

Washu: " she kept bad company. I'm not surprised. It probably would have 
turned out this way anyhow. Still I can't help but feel sorry for her."

Just then Ryoko's face appeared in a Vid -window and she demanded to know 
what was going on! 

Tenchi: " nothing Ryoko. Vash and Knives have been sent to their own 
dimension and Uhsaw's dead. You can teleport us back onto Ryo-oky now. 
We can finally all go home.

                                                                      THE END



          
