Disclaimer: I don't own these characters. Except " Uhsaw" I do own her.




Everyone watched this strange new comer as she declared that she would 
destroy each one of them! 

Ushaw: " I'm going to kill each and every last one of you." She said with an 
evil smile on her face.

Tenchi: " who are you, what do you want."

Ryoko: " more importantly why do you want to destroy us?"

Ushaw: " that's simple, Because I can!" she started laughing " I've been 
observing you lower life forms for some time now, and I've been waiting for 
the perfect opportunity to strike, and it just so happens that that opportunity 
is now!"

Washu: " my lab! You're striking now because my lab is down!"

Vash: " oh no!" remembering that it was his fault that her lab wasn't working.

Uhsaw: " that's correct! I've always despised you Washu! And now I'm 
finally going to crush you!" 

Tenchi: " not if I have any thing to say about it! Were not helpless you 
know!"

"YEAH!" said everyone in unison.

 Uhsaw: " oh my dear friend yes you are! As I said before I've been 
watching you all for a while, and I've discovered all of your weaknesses! 
And I will exploit them all!" she started laughing loudly.

Vash: " Maybe, but you don't know mine." he said while pulling his gun out 
from it's holster and pointing it at her.

Uhsaw: " No, but I Know someone who does!"

Just then a second voice started laughing from inside her space ship, a loud 
and cold laugh that sent chills down your back. Vash knew who it was 
instantly, and prayed that he was wrong! For if it was who he suspected they 
were all in for the fight of their lives.

 " Knives!"
 
 Knives: " Hah! You know me well dear brother!" he said while exiting the 
ship. " Surprised to see me?"

Vash: " how. How did you get here?"

Uhsaw: " I brought him here of course! As soon as Washu brought you here 
I decided to bring over your brother. You know, to even things up a bit. Of 
course it took some convincing to get him to side with me but as soon as he 
discovered I wasn't human, we got along just fine!"

Then suddenly Uhsaw turned to her ship, pressed a few buttons on its hull, 
and six unique machines came flying out and paired themselves to everyone, 
all but Washu and Vash.

Uhsaw: "these robots will be you're down fall!"

But before anyone could make a move Vash and Knives darted off into the 
woods not taking their eyes off each other once. They were locked in a duel 
that was not to be interfered with by anyone else.

Washu: " your even crazier than I am if you think these toys are going to beat 
us!"

Uhsaw: " watch."

As if on cue the robots started to attack their selected partners. First came 
Tenchi, who had his sword at the ready. The machine extended its arm and a 
strange piece of metal appeared out of it. Instantly his sword flew out of his 
hands into the robots arm

Tenchi: " it must be some kind of magnet!" 

But before he could do anything about it a boa (rope with weights at the 
ends) shot out of the robot's chest and tied Tenchi to the ground.

Tenchi: " Ah! Help!"

Ryoko: " Tenchi!"

Ayeka: "Lord Tenchi!"

Ryoko flew as fast as she could towards Tenchi, but was cut off by her 
would-be assassin robot.  

Ryoko: " Get out of my way! She demanded as she shot towards her 
opponent.

Reading her movements the robot knew what to expect as Ryoko led into it 
with her left hand and fired out with her right. In a blink of an eye, the robot 
grabbed hold of her by the wrist and shot out thousands of volts of electricity. 
Electrocuting Ryoko to a degree that even she couldn't withstand. She 
dropped to the ground unconscious and bleeding.

Sasami: " Ryoko!" she screamed not knowing what to do

Then two more robots flew after Ayeka and Sasami, and as they computed 
Azaka and Kamedake appeared at the girl's side and formed a force field 
around the two princesses.

Ayeka: "Hah! As long as were in here you can't touch us." She said 
confidently.

In response the robots, at the same time launched an impenetrable force field 
around the other one. Trapping the girls inside.      

Ayeka: " my god wear trapped!"

Sasami: " Ayeka I'm scared!" she said while she hung on to her sister.

Mihoshi and Kiyone were next. They pulled out their side rifles and started 
firing at the machines. But each robot had incredible speed and flew behind 
the galaxy police officers and in an act of true irony, unarmed them both and 
handcuffed their arms behind their backs. Now every one had been beaten 
and Washu was left to deal with Uhsaw alone.

Washu: "what's your problem! Why are you doing this?"

Uhsaw: " Because of you, Washu! Because of you."

Washu: " what do you mean? I've never seen you before in my life!"

Uhsaw: "no you haven't. But I've seen you. And I've watched you ever 
since I saw you. You were always better than me always the one who got all 
the attention. I too went to the science academy but I was never noticed. It 
was always Washu the magnificent, or Washu the Genius. Nothing about me. 
But I thought I was finally rid of you when they imprisoned you in that cave. 
It was the happiest day of my life! Until you were freed by that Damb 
Ryoko! Even though you weren't in the academy any more you still had it 
better than me! Living here with Tenchi and the rest! You don't deserve this 
kind of happiness Washu! It should have been mine! It should have been 
mine."

Washu: " so that's what this is all about. Hah! You're nothing more than a 
jealous stalker! And I have news for you girl. You can destroy me and it 
won't change a thing. You'll just find someone else to obsess over until you 
eventually die a sad depressing death. People like you can never find 
happiness until you let go of you're fixation with others and become happy 
and comforterble with who you are!"  

Uhsaw: "Shut UP! Shut UP! Shut UP! , I'm not hearing this. You have no 
idea what pain I've gone through, and now I'm going to make you pay!"

She reached down to her side for what appeared to be a controller device 
for the robots. Washu seeing this and realizing that Uhsaw was still distracted 
by what she had said earlier, Washu charged at her in a physical attack that 
was very unlike her, and pulled the controller away. She examined it for a 
brief moment then typed in the command to cause the robots to self-destruct.

Uhsaw: " NO! My robots! Why you bitch!" 

She got up and lunged at Washu pinning her to the ground. She raised her fist 
ready to beat down on Washu when she was blasted off by a gunshot. 
Washu turned to see a wounded Vash carrying an unconscious Knives over 
his right shoulder and pointing at Uhsaw with what appeared to be a machine 
gun coming out of his arm. (You didn't think I had forgotten about our guest 
star had you?)

Washu: "thank you Vash."

Vash: "she's not beaten yet, that was just a shoulder wound."

Just as he said it, Ushaw got up and ran to her ship. Vash was about to go 
after her when Washu stopped him.        

Washu: " let her go. I don't think she'll try to come after us again."

Vash nodded in agreement and stood idle as she closed the doors to her 
ship, and prepared for take-off.
It was about that time that the others had rejoined with them. After the robots 
were destroyed the force field that held Ayeka and Sasami prisoner 
disappeared. The princesses then continued to free the others and help 
Ryoko to her feet.

Tenchi: "I heard every thing, are you sure she won't come back?"

Washu: "I just have this gut feeling that we've seen the last of her."

Ryoko: "well if she does come back we'll be ready for her."

Ayeka: " yes, she was merely lucky this time."

As Uhsaw's ship was taking off, Knives was teleported off of vash's 
shoulder and onto her ship, then took off.

Vash: " oh no! She might not be coming back but Knives will!" 

Washu: " Don't worry Vash. I know how to take care of Knives."

-The end for now but stay tuned for the last chapter of Trigun Muyo!-   
