 Disclaimer: I don't own these characters.except one. You figure out 
who.          



Every one sat around the table eating, Vash was finally getting used to 
these new people being around him. The younger one Sasami he was 
especially fond of, she reminded him of the innocence and kindness that 
people have the capacity for. One of the reasons he fought to protect so 
many were those very characteristics. The others he liked as well, they all 
seemed to be good friendly people. Even the one who kidnapped him in 
the first place, he warmed up to. 

Vash: " Gee Sasami this food is really good. I never get this good of food 
back home." He said while filling his face with every kind of food on the 
table.

Sasami: "thank you Vash."

Ayeka: " yes that's right, Vash could you tell us about your planet, it seems 
very interesting."

Vash: "Well. alright. My planet is nothing like yours. The entire planet is 
one big desert. Water is a rarity, and some people can barely survive. It's 
really a bad place to live, people are always fighting, and have little or no 
care about any one but themselves. But not every one is like that. There are 
still good people who are just trying to get by in the harsh conditions. 
Those are the people I've sworn to protect because they can't protect 
themselves. Even if they don't necessarily realize I'm trying to help."

Ayeka: " that sounds awful!"

Washu: " What did you mean by "even if they don't realize you're trying to 
help?"

Vash: "oh nothing. I just don't have the best reputation back home. That's 
all." He curses himself for even bringing it up. "What an understatement" he 
thought.

Tenchi: " well as long as your trying to help your alright with me, Vash."

After dinner every one helped clear the table and wash up. It was just then 
that Vash was introduced to Ryo-ohki. Whom he didn't realize wasn't just 
a pet until everyone told him. Unfortunately because there were so many 
people there already, there weren't enough beds to go around. Vash opted 
to take the couch in the living room and that was fine as long as he had a 
blanket. Tenchi agreed and every one went to bed. Vash couldn't sleep 
however. He had taken off his large coat, shirt and boots, and he was 
plenty comfortable, that wasn't what had kept him up. It was the majestic 
site he saw through the large window in the main room. It was a wonder 
how he had mised it before. He looked out at the perfect full moon glisten 
over the lake outside, and the rows upon rows of forest stretching as far as 
the eye could see. He saw mountains covered in lush greens and browns. It 
was so beautiful to him. It was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. 
He thought one thing then cried and went to sleep.    

         " I wish Rem could see this."

The next morning he woke up to an amazing sunrise that rivaled the scene the 
previous night. Apparently he wasn't the first one up. Sasami was already up 
and preparing breakfast when she saw Vash awake. 

Sasami: " Glad your up so early Vash."

Vash: "Yeah I'm usually a late sleeper I guess I'm a little off today." he then 
noticed that his coat and shirt were gone. "Sasami were are my clothes?"

Sasami: "I saw them on the ground, and I noticed they were dirty so I put 
them in the wash. Witch reminds me, you stink, you should probably go take 
a shower before everyone gets up."

Vash: " hey give me a break I come from a desert planet we don't get to 
bathe often." he said totally embarrassed.    

Sasami: " Well now's your chance silly, it's upstairs, first door on the right."

Vash: " Alright but close your eyes till I get up there okay?"

Sasami: " Why? You still have your pants don't you?"

Vash: " Just close your eyes, please?"

Sasami: " Oh okay"

Vash wasn't about ready to show little Sasami him without his shirt on. After 
all he only let a few people see him like that because of all his scars, not to 
mention his robotic left arm. So Vash silently went upstairs to the bathroom, 
checking that no one was looking he went inside. Thinking nothing of it he 
had used his cyber arm to turn the handle, and amazingly enough he went in 
to see a huge room with a giant hot spring in it that looked more like a 
swimming pool than a bath. He figured it was one of Washu's inventions so 
he undressed and went in thinking it was supposed to be like this. He was 
relaxing in the water so much that he didn't hear the girls coming till it was too 
late. Ayeka and Ryoko came in arguing over something and stopped dead. 
Not only did they see his scars and his fake arm, they saw all of his scars! 
and then some. They quietly turned around, walked out, and closed the door.

Ayeka and Ryoko: 
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
HHH!!!!!!"

They both screamed as loud as they could. It wasn't long until every one in 
the house was outside the bath. Knowing there was no escape Vash dried 
off, put his pants back on, and went outside to meet the others.
      
Vash: " um. Hi guys."

Ayeka: " What happened to you? Your body it's.it's so." she couldn't 
finish.

Ryoko: " forget about that! How the hell did you get into the girls bath! "

Vash " girls bath?"  
 
Washu: " I think I can figure that out." She said while observing Vash " you 
used that mechanical arm to get in didn't you? The doorknob was designed 
to send the boys into the regular bath and the girls into the other.
But because you used your robotic arm to get in, the computer couldn't 
register you. And since there are more women then men it sent you to the 
girl's bath. I am such a genius" she mused.

Vash: " Gee I'm sorry. I didn't know. I'll be sure to use my other arm next 
time, alright?" 

Ayeka: " It's okay Vash I understand."

Ryoko: " Well I guess it's alright. No harm done."

Kiyone: " It's a good thing he went in first or it would have been him walking 
in on us."

Sasami: "Now I know why you didn't want me to see you earlier. What 
happened to you?"

Tenchi: " now now, Sasami I don't think that." Vash cut him off

Vash: " it's alright, there's no point in hiding it now that you've all seen it, like 
I said before my world is a very dangerous place, and there are many people 
who would like to see me dead, these are the scares I get for refusing to kill."

Ryoko: " refusing to kill! Why not! If someone's trying to kill you, you should 
kill them first!"

Vash: " Because no one has the right to take the life of another!"

Tenchi: " Ryoko, Vash I don't know which one of you are right, but I do 
know that we shouldn't be arguing."

Ryoko: "yeah I guess your right."
 
Vash nodded in agreement. Later, Sasami had given Vash his clothes back 
and Vash had gone off into the woods to be by himself for a while. No one 
saw him again until lunch when they sent Mihoshi out to find him. Mihoshi 
stumbled around the woods until she saw him. He was standing in a clearing 
and was practicing balancing a rock on the end of his gun. She remembered 
that back at the academy only the very best marksmen could do that, and 
only for a few minutes at best. It seemed like nothing for Vash to do it.
It wasn't until she got closer that she realized that he wasn't just balancing the 
stone he was moving his handgun up and down so fast that the stone never 
has a chance to fall. That kind of speed was thought to be impossible before 
now.

Mihoshi: " Wow! That's amazing! Your moving so fast it's incredible!"

Vash: " thank you Mihoshi." He said while stopping the exercise and catching 
the rock. " So what's up?"

Mihoshi: " oh yeah, Sasami sent me to tell you that lunch is ready, or is that 
dinner, no it's lunch I'm sure! Kinda."

Vash: " Thanks again Mihoshi."   

 They walked back together. The entire time Mihoshi was talking about how 
fast Vash was, and asking if he could show her how to do stuff like that with 
her handgun, and so on, until they reached the house. Just then they heard a 
huge rumbling sound like a really loud storm. Everyone came rushing outside 
to see what it was. Low and behold a massive space ship appeared as if out 
of nowhere and landed in front of the Misaki home. By now Vash and 
Mihoshi had met up with the others and was watching in awe as the ships 
door opened, and a large metal ramp extended before them. Out of the ship 
came a tall woman with flat jet-black hair and an outfit that fit as if she was 
poured into it. It was a skintight blue jumpsuit with white trimming around the 
(low cut) neck and sleeves, with black boots.

            " Hello, I am Uhsaw the most powerful woman in the universe! And 
I'm here to destroy you!"  

  -That's all folks! See you next time when we discover who this new enemy 
is and what threats has she brought with her! - 
              
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
