	Disclaimer: I don't own these characters.



	Last time we left off were Washu had just decided to show Vash to the others.

	Washu and Vash went through the door into what appeared to be a home of 
	some kind, much different from her lab Vash noted, and a lot swankier than the 
	homes he was used to. Then Vash noticed the others that Washu must have been 
	referring to. There were two sitting next to each other on a couch, one with tan 
	skin and blond hair, and the other with a dark sort of green color hair. On the 
	other side of the couch sat two girls and one boy. The girls each sat on either side 
	of him. Then they all turned to see Washu and noticed him for the first time.

	Tenchi: " hey Washu. um who is that?" he said startled.

	Washu: " I'd like you all to meet.. Hey I just realized I don't even know your 
	name, who are you?"

	Vash: " I'm a hunter of peace, searching for the elusive mayfly called love, I am 
	Vash The Stampede!"

	Expecting them to freak out and run away he was surprised when they seemed 
	unfazed by his name, until he realized that he was in another dimension. so they 
	would never have heard of him, witch he thought was for the best anyway.

	Tenchi: " okay, well my name is Tenchi Masaki, this is my home."

	Ryoko: " my name is Ryoko, infamous space pirate!" she said with a grin.

	Ayeka: " I'm first Princess of Jurai, Princess Ayeka." 

	Mihoshi / Kyone: "were officers Mihoshi and Kyone of the galaxy police!"

	Vash was very shocked by all this, not who they were but what they were. 
	Apparently these people could travel through space! he didn't know what Jurai 
	was but he did know that galaxy police and space pirate obviously meant they 
	could go to outer space. He himself had been in space when he was younger but 
	that was years ago, it just seemed so strange to him. Then he felt a pull on his 
	coat and looked down, and for the first time he saw the little girl with the blue hair    

	Sasami: "and I'm Sasami. Nice to meet you." She said with a smile on her face.

	Vash: " it's nice to meet you too Sasami."

	Washu: " well anyway Vash here is gonna have to stay with us for a while till I 
	can send him home."

	Tenchi: " Washu what did you do?"

	Washu: "Me! I didn't do anything! He was the one who freaked out and broke 
	my lab!"

	Tenchi: " and how did he get into your lab?"

	Washu: " well I kind of kidnapped him for my experiments."

	Tenchi: " I knew it, oh well I guess he can stay for a little while."

	Vash: " Oh thank you, you have no idea how much this means to me!" he said 
	while sobbing. " I promise that as long as I'm here I will be your own personal 
	bodyguard! Free of charge of course!" he said in a completely different tone.

	Tenchi: " No thanks that's alright I don't think I need a body guard."

	Vash: " suit yourself."
 
	Ryoko: " bodyguard? HA! No one like you could ever be a bodyguard." She 
	said referring to Vash's constant silliness and strange mood swings.

	Vash: " so quick to judge, as a pirate you should know that people aren't always 
	what they seem." He said dead serious, witch shocked Ryoko.

	Washu: " he's right Ryoko, you should have seen what he did to my lab with only 
	a single shot."

	Tenchi: " Shot? What do you mean shot?"

	Vash: " she means gun shot " He said while pulling out his custom silver handgun. 

	Ryoko: " holy! That is one big gun."

	Ayeka: " pardon me for asking but what do you need a gun like that for?"

	Vash: "it was a gift... And were I come from things can get pretty dangerous 
	from time to time, but I actually never like to use it, I believe there are better 
	ways to handle a situation without resorting to violence."

	Ryoko: "yeah right, sure you do."

	Sasami: " well I for one, agree I think there is always a better way."
 
	Tenchi: "Me too Sasami."

	Sasami: "Thanks Tenchi! Well I better go prepare dinner for one more since Mr. 
	Vash will be joining us"  

	Vash: "Thank you Sasami and you can just call me Vash."

	-Well so much for part two, but just you wait. things are going to get a lot more 
	action pact later on.-
  
          

   
