Disclaimer: I do not own these characters.

Note: you know I really don't have to write that disclaimer, nor does any 
of the other fanfic writers. Due to the fact that we aren't making any 
profit off of these things we are in no risk whatsoever of being sued. BUT 
we should probably write them anyway just to show respect to the 
creators and incase Gensao is making some kind of profit and IS in risk 
of being sued. I just thought I'd put that out there.

Last time on "Trigun Muyo" the gang had just fought off Uhsaw and 
Knives.


Vash: "what do you mean you know what to do about Knives?" 

Washu: "simple, I'll use the same technology I used to bring you here, to 
send him back." she said confidently. 

Vash: "oh."

Ayeka: "But Washu your lab is still broken isn't it?"  

Washu: "Damb! Your right, I still haven't fixed it yet!" she slapped her 
forehead for forgetting.  

Vash: "well now it's more important than ever to get it up and running, 
we can't let Knives stay lose for long or who knows what atrocities he 
might commit! I'll do anything you need to help fix your lab sooner."

Tenchi: "we'll all help. Right everyone?"

Everyone: "RIGHT!"  

Washu: " I'm touched but it's really just a one person job. Besides it 
would be way too complex for you all to make any difference." She said 
arrogantly.

Ryoko: "What's that supposed to mean? Are you calling me stupid!"

Ayeka: "well I can understand why she would. A barbarian like you 
could never understand the intricacies of science."

Ryoko: " barbarian. Barbarian! Why I'll." 

Tenchi: "Girls stop!" he said firmly before turning to face Washu. "Alright 
Washu, we'll let you work in peace, but if there's anything you need, 
anything at all, we're more than willing to help."

Washu: "thank you Tenchi." She said flirtatiously which made Tanchi 
blush.

Ryoko: "fine, I didn't want to work in that stupid lab anyway." She said 
while making a face at Washu, then an even worse one at Ayeka.

Kiyone: " Mihoshi and I will go on duty and try to catch Uhsaw the old 
fashioned way." 

Mihoshi: "we will?" she said dumbfounded. Still disoriented after the 
recent attack.

Kiyone: " yes Mihoshi we will, now come on we should leave right 
away."

Sasami: "but we haven't even had diner yet."

Vash: "oh yeah! I'm starving! Especially after that fight!" he said like a 
total goof. 

Tenchi: "actually we all probably should eat and rest awhile before we try 
to do anything. That fight took a lot out of all of us."

Everyone agreed and they all went inside and had dinner; which had 
gotten cold for sitting out so long. Nobody said much, and it was an 
awkward meal. Some didn't talk because they were so weakened, and 
some just didn't feel like making conversation, until Kiyone decided to 
break the silence.

 Kiyone: "so Vash who was that creepy guy you fought with? I thought I 
herd him call you "brother"?"

Vash: "he is my brother." He said coldly.

Kiyone: "oh" she said regretfully, wishing she hadn't even asked.  

After dinner they were all very tired and left the table as it was. Sasami 
said she would clear it in the morning and went straight to bed. Ryoko 
knocked out too, being electrocuted really takes its toll on you. Ayeka 
fallowed Sasami to bed and it didn't take long for Tenchi to decide to go 
to sleep either.
Kiyone went to their ship and prepped it for action before falling asleep 
in the captain's chair, and Mihoshi slept were she fell. After everyone 
was out and Washu was in her lab Vash decided it was a good time to 
bandage his wounds. He had gotten pretty shot up during his fight with 
Knives and he didn't want anyone to worry, so he had waited until now 
to put on some bandages. He grabbed a first aid kit out of the kitchen 
and went outside, so not to get any blood on the floor. He removed his 
coat, which the blood hadn't seeped through yet, and then his black top 
that was now so blood stained you could hardly call it black.

Vash: "ouch! He really got me good this time." He said while grinding his 
teeth to block out the pain.

Vash had a whole new set of holes in him, and he felt it. He washed off 
the blood and began to wrap himself with the medical tape. He knew 
what his limits were and he knew how much damage he could take and 
how much he couldn't. It was close but he would be all right. 

Vash: "Knives is getting better...ha...he's good, real good but as long as 
I'm around he'll always be second best." He said jokingly as if some one 
were listening, before he blacked out from blood loss on the steps 
outside the Masaki home.


-Well I guess that's it for now. I know I said this would be the final 
chapter but what the heck. Why not make more? And I like the 
feedback I'm getting so far, if you have any thoughts or comments don't 
be afraid to send them my way. Be it good or bad it's still nice to know 
someone's reading this thing besides me-                

    
