This story is a crossover, mainly between the Tenchi series and Outlaw Star.  As always the rights to most 
of these characters are not mine.  All characters from the Tenchi series belong to Pioneer.  Outlaw Star 
probably does as well but I'm not sure.  The character, Jeff, is mine.  This story doesn't fit exactly into 
either series but is not far off.  Remember that in space I am not limited to Japanese customs and foods.  
The unit of currency is the US dollar because I don't know any currency conversions and have no intention 
of writing "wong" throughout my story.  This is the first chapter in what will be a multi-part series.  Send 
all questions, comments, and criticisms to jb747@softhome.net.

CHAPTER 1: A MEETING IN SPACE

	A Jurai treeship makes its way through space, at its command is a very disheartened princess.  
Ayeka silently weeps into her pillow.
	"Oh Tenchi, how could you run off like that again.  I thought, I thought you loved me."
	Sasami walks in carrying a platter of food.
"Ayeka I made lunch."
"I'm not very hungry today."
"But you've got to eat something.  You haven't eaten since we left earth."
Ayeka rolls her face back to her pillow.  Sasami, realizing it's useless to try to get her sister to eat, 
leaves the platter on Ayeka's nightstand and walks back out of the room.  Back in the ship's kitchen Sasami 
nibbles on a cookie while thinking to herself.  I suppose I can't blame her, after all, I haven't eaten much 
since we left earth either.  Poor Ayeka, when Tenchi said he was going back to Tokyo she was heartbroken.  
Well, I guess no one took the news well.  Even Ryoko left earth.  I didn't think anything would pull her 
away from Tenchi.  And Mihoshi and Kiyone haven't even heard about it yet.  Ever since Kiyone got her 
promotion we haven't see them.
Ayeka sits up and, in between sobs, manages to get down some of the food her sister left for her.  
She starts to calm down slightly and is able to drink some soup.  It's still warm and makes her feel better. 
With her breathing back under control she lays back down to think about what's happened.  Her long 
purple hair, trailing out on either side of her as she recounts events from what she had once hoped would be 
the rest of her life.
"Tenchi, you were so gentle with me when we met.  I had sprained my ankle and you were kind 
enough to carry me on your back.  You gave your shirt to me so I could dry myself from the rain.  
But I see now that you were just a gentleman.  You would do the same for anyone.  I was selfish 
to think that you had eyes only for me and to try to stop you from going to Tokyo to receive an education.  
And it is not just I who have loved and lost.  I know now that you loved Sakuya.  I know what you 
must have felt at losing her."
Ayeka realizes that there is also someone else who she had not thought of, her own sister.
"Oh, Sasami, I have been so rude to you.  You must have been hurt as well."
She makes her way to the kitchen to talk with her sister.
***
Elsewhere in space a red, four-engined ship pulls into a spaceport.  A hissing sound can be heard 
as the air lock is released and two men enter the port.  One is dressed in a tan trench coat and has red hair.  
Two belts can be seen crossing his chest, no doubt holding ammo covered by the coat.  The other is 
wearing a black trench coat.  A slight gleam of light can be seen reflecting off of something by his waist.  
Two sections of his mid-length brown hair hang in a slight curl before his eyes which are now covered by a 
pair of dark sunglasses.  He looks over to his traveling companion as he speaks.
"What are we here for, Gene?  We don't need supplies so.I'm guessing you're looking for some 
tail."
With a look of mock innocence on his face: "Hey, what kind of a guy do you think I am.  Haven't 
you known me to stop for other things at a spaceport?"
A small smile rises under the man's sunglasses.  "Nope."
Gene crosses his hands behind his head as he begins to walk out of the docking area. "Well, 
maybe you're right.  So what if I could use a little pick-me-up.  You should loosen up Jeff, it's not like 
either one of us has anything steady going on."
Jeff starts after Gene.  "I think I'll play the gentleman for the time being.  It comes in handy 
sometimes."
"Yeh, and what do you mean by that?"
"Well, when your wasted in a bar, hitting on girls who aren't even your species I have the sense of 
mind to pull you out."
The two now enter the main city of the spaceport.
"Hey, she was close enough, and who are you to jud."
Jeff cuts his partner off by placing a hand over his mouth.  "Hold on a sec I thought I felt 
something."
Gene's normal jokingly quarrelsome manner left him.  He had never known Jeff to pull a false 
alarm.  Gene continues in not much more than a whisper.  "Hey, what's up?"
Jeff didn't have to reply as four men stepped out of an alley.  Docking was cheap on these 
spaceports, unfortunately there was little or no security.  Two of the men had switchblades while the others 
carried a steel bat and a pair of brass knuckles.  What appeared to be the leader was slowly hitting the palm 
of his hand with the bat.
"We saw you pull in, with a ship like that you must have some cash on ya.  You'll hand it over if 
you know what's good for ya."
Gene, now seeing his enemy face to face, returned to his normal self.  "Hum, haven't heard that 
one before.  Well if you want it come and get it"
Gene was reaching around his back when Jeff reminded them where they were.  "All it takes is 
one stray shot.  I like having air to breathe."
"Right, let's get this on."
The three men rushed in as their leader stayed slightly behind.  Gene pulls back, a switchblade 
nicking his throat.  Despite the wound Gene is smiling.  "Think you're pretty fast huh."  The man lunges at 
Gene again but this time Gene side-steps and trips him.  Gene steps down, none too lightly on the man's 
knife hand and picks up the weapon.
"Gene, watch your back!"  Jeff yells while dealing with the man in brass knuckles.  Gene turns 
around just in time to catch the arm of his attacker and flip him to the ground.  The two men are now out of 
action, the second having landed right on the first.
"Hey, thanks for the tip."
"No," Jeff finishes his attacker off with an elbow to the forehead, "problem."
The leader now starts to close in, still hitting his palm with the bat.  He is much larger than the rest 
of his men.  The bat looks like a small club in his hands.  "It's not over yet."
Gene, still smiling looks to his partner. "I've got this one" Gene rushes at the leader and lands 
punch right to his stomach.  Gene pulls his hand back in pain as he looks at this mammoth of a man.  
Without hesitation the leader strikes with the bat, catching Gene in the chest, knocking him into a near by 
wall.
"You all right?"  Jeff looks at his fallen comrade.
Gene starts to stand and leans on one knee, catching his breath.  "Yeh.I'm fine."
Jeff takes off his glasses to display a look of cold determination in his green eyes.  "This ends 
now.  I've had enough of holding back."  He slides back his coat and draws his weapon.  A katana, built for 
function with no frills or engravings, slides from its scabbard.  The hand guard shines slightly under the 
artificial light.
"Ooo, is that supposed to scare me?" The over confident leader laughs.
In addition to never knowing Jeff to make a false alarm Gene also had never known him to draw 
his sword simply to scare someone.
Angry at not receiving a reply, the leader swung the bat in an arch across Jeff's chest.  He was 
surprised to find his hands and the grip of the bat completing the arc while the top of the bat stayed behind.
"What in the he..."
Before he could finish Jeff's sword was at his throat, a slight trickle of blood running down its tip.
"I don't like being attacked for no reason."  Jeff was now staring into his rival's eyes, only a few 
inches from his face, still holding the blade to his neck.  "And I don't think you'll like it if I see you or your 
men attacking anyone else on this spaceport."
The rest of the men were now getting up and were about to continue their attack when they saw 
their leader.
"Get your men out of here.  I'm in a bad mood already and don't want anymore deaths on my 
mind."  Jeff slowly let the blade drop as the leader and his men started to pull back.  Soon they were out of 
sight.
Gene, having recovered from the blow, stood up and headed for a bar.  Jeff wiped his blade clean 
with a tissue before returning it to its scabbard and started off after Gene.
***
The two sisters sat across from each other at the table, munching on some cookies while they had 
a talk.
	"I know you didn't mean to be rude to me, Ayeka, you didn't need to apologize."
	"I'm glad you understand Sasami.  I haven't been myself these last few days."
	"I know, I miss him too, but you'll find someone else.  There are lots of people out there."
	Ayeka suddenly realized something and looked sadly down at the table.  "What will father think.  I 
fear that he will send me out again to find a groom.  Or worse yet that he will choose for me.  I cannot give 
myself to a man who I do not love."
	Ayeka was about to cry when her sister joined her on the other side of the table.  Sasami hugged 
her elder sister.  "It'll be all right.  I know it will."
	Feeling slightly better Ayeka managed a small smile.  "Thank you Sasami."
	The voice of the guardians could be heard.  "We will reach Jurai in approximately two hours."
	Ayeka stood up and looked at her current attire, a lavender kimono that she had slept in. "We 
should get ready.  The last thing we need right now is to look anything but our best."
	"I suppose you're right.  I'll clear the table."
	"Thank you."  Ayeka smiled and went off to her room to prepare.  She drew a bath and then 
slipped off her kimono and stepped in. The tub, being part of the treeship, created a hot tub effect. Bubbles 
enveloped the princess' body and made her hair float freely through the tub as she lay back, her head barely 
above the water.
	Sasami had finished clearing the table and went off to her own room to get ready.  She washed her 
face and hands and then brushed her teeth.  She looked over her closet and chose her favorite dress.  It had 
short pink sleeves and two green bands that ran down its length.  She removed her dress and put on the new 
one, tying it's green sash in place.  She then sat down on her bed and started to brush her long blue hair.
***
	Jeff and Gene sat next to each other at the bar.  Jeff sat drinking some milk while Gene ordered a 
beer.  "Hey Jeff, back there you said you didn't want any more deaths on your mind."   Gene caught a 
bottle as it was slid his way.  He had known Jeff for a long time and known him to be a proficient fighter 
but had never seen him kill any one.  He popped the top off his beer and waited for a response.
	"So I did."  Jeff stared ahead, his eyes unmoving.
	Gene was curious about his companion's past.  He was about to let it go when Jeff spoke up again.  
"Yes, I should have told you earlier.  There has been something that has been bothering me for a long 
time."  Gene's eyes widened as he took a sip from his drink and listened on.  "Ever since her death my life 
hasn't been the same.  Oh, Little Debbie, I used to love your snack cakes.  Oh sure there's Drakes, but, it's 
just not the same."  This caused Gene to spit out his drink and stare at his companion.
	"Wha..."
	At this point Jeff was laughing hysterically at his own joke while Gene got his smile back.  "Very 
funny mister mysterious."
	"I thought so, had ya going didn't I."
	"Yeh, sure, whatever.  Hey, check this one out."  Gene was staring at a TV displaying a Galaxy 
Police report.  A teal-haried policewoman was being shown with the criminals she had just caught.  The 
two were wanted for conspiracy against Jurai and wouldn't name their accomplices.
	"Ok, I'll buy, but she's not as nice as the blond behind her."
	"Hmm, I wouldn't mind being behind her myself."  Gene smiled as he watched the rest of the 
report.
	Jeff, too, was watching the report, but not for the same reasons as Gene.  The Galaxy Police 
believe the Jurai royal family may still be in danger, but they have no proof so they can't do much about it.  
Jeff feels that unknown feeling for the second time today.  He had felt it before the four men showed up 
and felt it again as he watched the report.  He was thinking about what this might mean when Gene found 
something else to boggle at.
	"Now I've seen this one before.  Ryoko, eh, she's pretty good looking for a pirate.  I've seen her in 
action.  She's just my type, bold, seeking adventure, taking everything in stride."
	"Yeh, and you like those non-human chicks."
	"Hey, what are you talking about?"
	"Well if you had been listening instead of staring at her chest you'd know that she was genetically 
engineered.  I suppose I wouldn't be going out on a limb to say that you didn't notice the fact that she can 
shoot beams from her hands."
	As Jeff took his eyes off the screen at the end of his sentence he noticed all of his words had been 
lost.  Gene was already talking to a girl two seats down.  Not unused to this, Jeff continued to drink his 
milk.
***
	Ayeka had finished with her bath and had dressed herself.  She now walked out to the helm of her 
ship to hear the Guardians' report.  "We will reach Jurai in one hour."
	Sasami walked in just in time to hear this.  "It will be nice to be back home.  There's not too much 
to do out here in space."
	"Wait!  Set a course for the nearest spaceport."  Ayeka looked very anxious as she spoke.
	"But princess Ayeka, we don't need any supplies.  Why are we going to a spaceport?"
	"Never mind why. Just set a course."
	Azaka gave up his questioning and set a new course.  
	"Ayeka," Sasami asked, already knowing the answer, "is this because you're nervous about seeing 
father again?"
	Ayeka looked out into space.  "Of course not."  Sasami set her hands to her hips and gave her 
sister a firm look.  "I'm sorry, Sasami.  You're right.  I am a little nervous about coming back to father after 
what has happened, but I think I will feel better if I get out for a little while."
	The treeship soon slid into the spaceport and the two sisters made their way to its main city.  A 
large man with a handkerchief tied around his neck spoke to some other men.  "Hey, now get a look at this 
one.  They've got to have more money than those other two to have a ship like this.  Easy pickin's too, only 
two little girls."
	"But boss," started one of the men, "that's a Jurai ship.  I wouldn't mess with them.  They look 
like part of the royal fam."
	"Who asked you!"  With an elbow to the stomach his underling made no further comments.  "Now 
let's go."
	Afraid of his superior, but more afraid of the man they met earlier, another underling spoke up.  
"But what about what that guy said?"
	"You coward, stop complaining!  Any way we're on the other side of the spaceport.  He won't be 
around here."  He started off, followed reluctantly by his men.
	The hair on the back of Ayeka's neck stood up just as she was about to leave the docking area.  
She turned around to see four men chasing after her.  She let out a scream as she started to run.  "Come on, 
Sasami, hurry."  Ayeka was pulling Sasami behind her as they ran.

	Just as usual Gene was in over his head with the ladies.  Jeff pulled him away as the KataroKataro 
he was hitting on smashed down, spitting the stool Gene was sitting on in half.
	"Time to go."
	"Hey a was just getting somewhere."
	"Yeh, you were heading somewhere all right, the morgue."
	The two left the bar and started walking.  That feeling again, Jeff turned around just in time to 
catch a purple-haired, young woman in his arms.  She looked up at him and was about to cry when she felt 
a sudden sense of security.
	"Are you all right?"
	Still in his arms Ayeka replied.  "Yes, thank you, I'm sorry, these men. Sasami are you ok?"
	Sasami was standing alongside her sister.  "I'm ok."
	Gene looked on with a face of mock jealousy.  "Oh, sure.  I'm working all night to try to get a girl 
with no luck while you have two just run into your arms."
	Jeff looked up to see what had caused these girls to run.  His eyes soon hardened as he stared into 
his previous attacker's eyes.  The men, realizing who it was, took off, knowing full well what this man in 
black was capable off.  Jeff's face softened as he turned his look back to the woman in his arms.  Ayeka 
realized she was still holding this stranger, and her face started to turn red.  She pulled back slightly as she 
started to speak, her eyes resting on the ground by her feet.
	"They just started chasing us.  Maybe this wasn't a good idea, Sasami, we should get back to our 
ship."
	"You're probably right.  But what if those men come back?"  The blue haired princess looked to 
her sister.
	"Don't worry, I'll walk you back if you want."  Jeff looked to his partner.  "My friend needs to 
walk off what he drank any way."  Jeff started to head off with the two girls as Gene protested.
	"Hey, I'm fine, I don't need to walk anything off."  He stumbled off after them.
	While they were walking Ayeka couldn't help looking at the man who had saved her.  Jeff looked 
down to meet her gaze and Ayeka looked away.  She could feel her face turning red.  They soon arrived at 
the docking area where Ayeka pointed out her ship.
	"Thank you again." The two girls boarded their ship and disembarked from the station.
	"Well aren't you just the perfect gentleman.  Hey, you didn't even get her number."
	"Why does it not surprise me that you thought of her number before her name.  Well, I've had 
enough excitement for one day.  I'm heading back to the ship."
	"Yeh, I suppose I've had enough rejection for one day.  I feel like laying down."
	The two friends went back to their ship.


