Trunks' Theory of Time and Space
The Prophecy

It all started long ago, when magic was no myth, when people trained 
dragons, and when all was at peace. An old wise man named Tenninshian 
Muten predicted the era when many heros would come together to save the 
universe from devistation. The Master passed away, and no era such as he 
foretold came true. People had long since forgotten the Wise man's 
words. Now, this prophecy is coming true.
	This is the story of how the Z Warriors, the Musaki household, and 
a mysterious warrior that came from the Vortex bring back prosperity to 
the space time vortex. Let me first introduce the warriors:

	Son Gohan (Gohan):  His father Son Goku was a saiya-jin, so he is 
only half human. He has the ability to turn super saiya-jin and his 
anger should not be tempted.

	Kuririn (Krillin): Krillin, as a child, was a very powerful monk. 
He had then since grown up with Goku, who was his best friend since he 
could remember. Krillin is a very powerful warrior that shouldn't be 
messed with.

	Son Goku (Goku): A minor of the story. A pureblood saiya-jin. Also 
Gohan's father. He also can become super saiya-jin. He is kind-hearted 
and an all round good guy. Raised by Master Gohan.

	Tenchi Musaki (Tenchi): A member of the royal family of planet 
Jurai. He weilds the mighty sword Tenchiken. 

	Ryouko (Ryoko): Ryoko is a space pirate from the Jurai Region. She 
is very powerful and very beautiful. She can generate energy through her 
hands and form it into a saber of sorts.

	Washyuu (Washu): A scientist from the Jurai region. She has red 
hair the goes passed her thighs. She also has the ability to transform 
into a little girl.

	Kiyone (Kiyone): A top-notch officer from the galaxy police. She 
is long Teal colored hair and a deadly yoyo. Cute, but deadly.

	Kiro Mushanliaki (A.K.A Brian): Kiro was transported from the 
nether region from which the cataclysm had started. He is a mysterious 
warrior whom most of the team doesn't trust. He weilds a sword and 
supposedly has magic power of some sort. 

	Together, these people will face the ultimate challenge. Will the 
Emperor, with his children and their armies pose too great a threat to 
the group? Or will they bond their trust together to overcome the evil 
that has Kiro for so long.

