Trunks' Theory of Time And Space
Part 2: Into the Vortex

Narrarator's Domain: ??????
	
	Well, here's what's been going on so far: Tenchi and the girls 
have met a mysterious warrior named Brian, which led up to Tenchi, 
Ryoko, Washu, and Kiyone leaving with Brian to go back to his home 
planet. It seems as though Brian has something tricky going on, and 
Washu is starting to catch on.
	Meanwhile, in the Nether Dimension, the Rebels are going into a 
battle between the Emperor and Camphor City Military, to halt the 
fighting once more. Will the fighting ever stop, or will the Emperor's 
restless military destroy what's left of the Rebels and Hidden Cities.
	On the Dragon Ball Earth, Gohan is starting to have strange 
premonitions in his sleep that he and  a couple friends of his will be 
traveling to meet a strange group of people led by a strange warrior. 
Will he be traveling, as his dreams say he will? Or are the dreams just 
last night's dinner in subconsious form?
	And so continues the journey of 


Jurai Dimension: Earth

	" Well, we're ready to leave," Brian said.
	" Good, preparation takes too long on spaceships," Tenchi said.
	" This is far from a spaceship," Washu said, turning to Brian." 
This is a Space/Time fluxuation device capable of eminating multiple 
dimensions in a matter of nano-seconds."
	" Which means?" Kiyone and Ryoko both asked.
	" It means~" Washu was cut off.
	" That it is a Dimensional Shifter, not a spaceship," Brian said.
	Kiyone was in deep thought, then said," But those haven't even 
been made yet!"
	" Not in our time," Ryoko said." But he came from the future, 
didn't you?"
	" Wha~~" Washu was astounded." I didn't know you two had the 
intelligence to say that sort of stuff."
	" Neither did I," Kiyone said.
	" Quite right, Ryoko," Brian said." Now, Washu, this is why I need 
you. This machine has been broken. The main chip, well, is 
unregeneratable. And during the crash, well,  it kind of, broke."
	" Then why did you say we were ready to take off?" Tenchi asked.
	" Uhhhhhh..."
	" Now, then," Washu said." Let me get this straight. You want me 
to fix this "timeship" so you can take us to the future?"
	" Yup," Brian said.
	" I think we should vote on this," Tenchi said.
	" Ok," Washu said." My vote is, No."   
	" No," Ryoko said.
	" No," Tenchi said.
	" Yes," Kiyone said.
	Everyone stared at Kiyone for a good while, then she said," But I 
want to be close to Brian."
	" But think," Brian said." It will benefit all of you. For Ryoko, 
we have very handsome men in my time, better than me, actually, well, 
that depends on personal opinion. And Washu, you will be able to see the 
technology of the future and invent it before it's time."
	" But what about me?" Tenchi asked.
	" Uhhhhhhh~"
	Brian looked down, trying to think of a reason for Tenchi to come. 
When he looked back up, Ryoko had Tenchi in a neckhold and Kiyone had 
her gun pointed toward his chest.
	" You'll come with us?" Ryoko said, suppressing an evil grin.
	" Yes," Kiyone chimed in." Won't you Tenchi?"
	" Because, Tenchi," Brian said." If you miss out on this 
opportunity, you'll be choked and shot to death."
	After everything was arranged properly, and the chip was fixed, 
they took off.

Vortex Dimension: Outside Camphor City

	" Commencing Operation MELEE," the Colonel said to the army 
commander." We must protect Warlord Etong and Camphor City from each 
other."
	" Understood, Colonel," the commander said." Out!"
	The battle between Etong and Camphor City had begun. The rebel's 
operation MELEE was to disband both armies with tear gas planted on all 
the ships. This strategy was most used when Camphor City was being 
attacked, because the Rebels have secret agents in the rank of Colonel 
and higher in their army. 
	The Etong Warriors were a fierce band of Space Pirates banded 
together by the Emperor. They had sworn allegiance when the most well-
known space pirate, Kulongaid, had been killed by the Emperor himself in 
a hand to hand duel. So now,   the Emperor has possibly one of the most 
fierce team of fighters working for 20 Units a year. So reletively that 
means, they aren't doing there best.
	The Camphor city army though, was a different story altogether. 
They had only enough training to be considered a corporal in the Rebel 
Army. On the other hand, they are paid an extreme 500-1000 units a day, 
depending on how they work. So they try as hard as they can. 
	In the end, Etong and Camphor armies work around the same. Which 
is why the Rebels need to break up the fight before they both get 
destroyed.
	" Commencing attack," commander said to the troops." Man your 
weaponry and arsenal. We may have to use the Sith Cannon, so prepare 
that, too."
	The soldiers entered their warships, gamma tanks, and rocket 
launchers. But the largest concern was the soldiers that were loading up 
the Sith Cannon. They had a strange look on their face.
	" What do you make of it," commander said to Colonel." They don't 
look like they normally do."
	" Hmmmm," Colonel studied the troops' faces." They do look funny. 
I tell you what, unhook the main laser from the cannon. If they are 
traitors, they will try to attack. If the laser is disconnected, they 
will try to fire it us, but will only expose themselves to our 
firepower."
	" Understood," commander said." Out!"
	While the crew was boarding the Sith Cannon, the commander snuck 
up to the Cannon and took out the chip that controlled the Cannon's 
laser.
	" We're ready to go," the commander said." Let's go, go, go!"

Jurai Dimension: Outside Earth:

	
	" Hey, Brian," Washu said." Why don't you get this baby fired up?"
	" Umm," Brian was thinking." I don't want to leave quite yet, do 
you think we could just hang out for a while?"
	" Sure," Washu replied." Do you think you could spend the time 
with me, the greatest scientist of all time?"
	Meanwhile, Kiyone, Ryoko, and Tenchi were talking in there 
quarters.
	" I don't trust Brian," Kiyone said.
	" Neither do I," Ryoko said." I think there's something mighty 
strange in his room."
	" What were you doing in there, anyway?" Kiyone asked.
	" Ummm, nothing really," Ryoko said." I was just trying to seduce 
him like I usually do with Tenchi."
	" Oh, well," Kiyone said." I don't trust him either."
	" I do," Tenchi said." He seems completely trustworthy."
	" Well," Ryoko said." We'll see what Washu thinks about the 
subject."
	Little did the group know, there was a small camera in the wall. 
The camera, which is also positioned on all other rooms, is completely 
for the purpose of spying on the passengers.
	Back in the cockpit.
	" So," Washu said." What are we doing just sitting here anyway?"
	" I'm not really sure," Brian replied." I guess I've never seen 
Earth like this before."
	" You mean, in space?"
	" No, I've never seen it in bright colors."
	" Wha~?"
	" From where I come from, Earth is a dark, gloomy planet."
	" What happened?"
	" Well, way back since before I was born, probably two-hundred 
years ago. Anyway, a royal family took control of the world. They were 
an evil family, and nothing stood in there way. Time passed as each city 
was destroyed by the family."
	" Oh, god," Washu said in astonishment.
	" The Empire destroyed all the cities, now there are none left on 
Earth."
	" What a horrible future is that all?"
	" No."
	" What happened after that?" 
	" Well, there were stellar-cities that were established. They were 
for the only alliance that stood against rebels. And, after that, the 
rebel force was established."
	" What's the rebel force?"
	" It's a group of people from both sides of the war that want to 
stop the war."
	" Why stop the war? Hasn't it gone on too long to stop it?"
	" That's exactly the point. The war has gone on too long. The 
soldiers, the generals, the colonels of both armies, they have forgotten 
the purpose of the war. All they do is fight."
	" Oh no," Washu said." But where do we come in?"
	" I was sent by the Rebel force to get the six heros told by 
legend."
	" But there are only four of us."
	" I know, the other two are in the Dragon Ball Dimension."
	" The what?"
	" This spaceship is capable of inter-stellar space travel, time 
travel, and time-space travel."
	" Time-space travel?"
	" Yes, this is based on the first theory by Trunks, of Dragon Ball 
Dimension."
	" What is his theory?"
	" Well, it goes like this:  ' If at one point a mistake happens in 
the time-space continum, a completely sepearate continum starts itself.' 
."
	" Wow, do mistakes happen often?"
	" Yes, they do."
	Washu was astonished. She had no clue that this sort of stuff 
existed. Nor did she think that she could ever have found that out with 
her technology.
	" There's one problem..."
	" What?"
	" No one of your group trusts me."
	" Yes they do."
	" No, I installed cameras in the rooms of the ship. I saw them 
meet to discuss whether or not I was trustworthy."
	" Well," Washu smiled." I'll tell them."
	" Don't! No one must know of this. You are the only one that must 
know."
	" Why?" Her smile disappeared.
	" It's not time."
	" Time for what?"
	" Not now, I'll tell you later, after we get the next group of 
people.
