Disclaimer:  I own none of these characters, so no one sue me, Okay?
A Tale of Two Demons in a Strange Town
Prolouge
By Ryoko-Himesama

        Ayeka, Ryoko, Sasami, and Washu stood around Tenchi's bed.  All of
them were crying.
"Washu, can't you doing anything?" asked Ryoko.
"I'm afraid I can't." said Washu, "Using all that power against Kagato has
weakened him too much.  All we can do is hope for the best."
"Lord Tenchi." said Ayeka before she completely broke down.
"No Tenchi." said Sasami.  She ran into Washu's arms and began to cry.
Ryoko looked like she was going into shock.  Suddenly, Tenchi opened his
eyes.
"Ryoko, promise me you'll take care of Mayuka here on Earth.  Her powers are

so much like yours."
"Anything Tenchi." said Ryoko.
"Ayeka, please keep Tenchiken as a memory of me, but give Ryoko back her
gems
and don't force Sasami to return to Jurai if she doesn't want to go."
"Don't talk like this Tenchi!" ordered Ayeka between sobs.
"Sasami, when Yugi wakes up, make sure that she never goes one day without a

friend."
Sasami's only response was more crying.
"Washu, promise me you won't make a clone of me.  I know you have the
ability."
Washu nodded.
"I love you all." said Tenchi.  "Good-bye."
As brave hero breathed his last, four women screamed.

Ayeka raced out of Tenchi's room with the tenchiken in her hand.  Ryoko
quickly followed her.
"Stop it Ayeka!" ordered Ryoko.
"Stay away from me, you monster woman!"
Ryoko pushed Ayeka to the ground and pulled the Tenchiken out of her grasp.

She ignored the violent electric shock and threw the it toward Funaho, with
a
prayer.  It was embedded in the tree while Ryoko attempted to keep Ayeka
away
from it.
        At this time, Yosho came over and saw the commotion.  Putting two
and two together he called out for the guardians.  Azaka and Kamidake rushed

over.
"Hold Ayeka in your force shield and do not let her escape!"
"Hai."
Once Ayeka was safetly locked away, Yosho took out tenchiken.
"Ryoko." he began.  "Tsunami told me about Tenchi.  She also told me about
his last requests.  You have my blessings."
"Arigato." said Ryoko, still in shock.
Yosho held out tenchiken and prayed.  Ryoko looked at her wrist and felt her

neck, Confirming that she had all three gems.

That night, Washu made a call to Jurai.  She told them of Tenchi's fate and
asked that they come and pick up the royal trees and Ayeka.
        Within three days the royal family had come and gone.  They had
taken Ayeka (who Washu had kept restrain lest she try to commit suicide
again), Ryo-ohki, and Tenchiken (which they would give to Ayeka when she got

better).  They had informed the Misakis of Kione's transfer request a week
earlier so Mihoshi wouldn't have to see Tenchi die.  They had successfully
helped Ryoko adopt Mayuka as her daughter, since they themselves didn't want

to bother with "that half and half monstrosity."
        Then, they tried to get Sasami and Yosho back as well.  Sasami
wanted to stay for Yugi and Yosho just wanted to stay.  So, they had Azaka
and Kamidake remain to watch over the princess and left.

        A week later, Ryoko couldn't take it anymore.
"I'm taking Ryo-ohki and Mayuka and leaving!" she declared.
"Why Ryoko?" asked Sasami.
"This house has too many memories of Tenchi!  I can't take it!  I have to
get
out of here!"
Sasami began to cry, but Washu comforted her.
"It's okay Sasami." said Washu, "As soon as Yugi wakes up, you and me can
join her."
"Really?" asked Sasami.
"Yes." said Ryoko.

        Ryoko held Mayuka in her arms.  Today was the day she left.  Beside
her Ryo-ohki stood in cabbit form.  On either side of her was Azaka and
Kamidake, who Sasami had ordered to go with her.  Sasami and Washu hugged
Ryoko goodbye.  Then, Ryoko flew up into the air and left.  She flew for a
day, then something stopped her.
"Ryoko." said Tsunami as she appeared in front of her.
"Tsunami." said Ryoko.
"I know of a place where you can stay, Ryoko."
"Where?"
Tsunami pointed downward.
"There is great trouble in that place.  A problem has been building and
build
and it must be resolved."
Ryoko nodded, knowing better to argue with a goddess, even if it was one of
her friends.  She landed and began to take in her surroundings.
