Tenchi Muyo: The Ultimate Battle Royale!

Chapter 1

Tenchi walked outside like he always did every day. He went about his usual
chores as usual. Ryoko lazed about the house and did nothing as always, and
Ayeka, Sasami, Kiyone, and Mihoshi were hard at work with their in-house
chores. As for Washu, she was, once again, working on her latest, and
greatest, invention.
It was about mid-afternoon and Sasami was cooking lunch. Tenchi was sweeping
the steps when he felt a disturbance in the air. Yosho walked outside and
looked at Tenchi...
Yosho: “ You felt that, didn’t you Tenchi. I think we should go look into
it.”
Tenchi: Yes Grandpa, we should.”

They ran off in the direction they felt it in. Tenchi broke away from him
and ran to the house to get all the girls. They came out and ran off towards
the clearing Tenchi felt it at. Yosho was already there, looking at three
figures, standing in the middle of the clearing.

Yosho: “ Excuse me. Who are you?”

They turned around and looked at him. They were teenagers, one female with
red hair, one male with black hair, and one male with white hair. The guy
with white hair looked over at Yosho, then swept his glance over to Tenchi
smiling. The girl looked at the other guy.

Girl: “ What the hell are we doing here? Last thing I remember is getting
hit with the Lance!” \
Black Haired Guy: “ Yeah, that’s the last thing I remember....what’s going
on...”
White Haired Guy: “ Oh Shinji, don’t be so worried. Think of this as a new
experience. This could be...fun.”
Shinji: “ Maybe Kaoru, what do you think Asuka?”
Asuka: “ I don’t care. I just wanna get home. God Dammed It!”

Tenchi and the group looked at them

Tenchi: “ Ummm, hello. I’m Tenchi Masaki.”

He approached them and they stared back with uncertainty. Then, Kaoru smiled
and approached Tenchi

Kaoru: “ Hello. My name is Kaoru Nagisa. Nice to meet you...Tenchi.”
Tenchi: “ Oh well, it’s my pleasure.”
They shook hands and then Shinji and Asuka approached.

Shinji: “ Hi, I’m Shinji Ikari. Nice to meet you as well.”
Asuka (Brashly): “ My name is Asuka Langley Sohryu, ok?”

Tenchi shook Shinji’s hand, but made no motions towards Asuka. The rest of
them walked up and they did their introductions, except for Washu, who was
still working on her invention.

Tenchi: “ So, what are you three doing here?”
Kaoru: “ Well, you see, we were all involved in certain...affairs...and
suddenly, I appeared here with these two.”
Shinji: “ Could you tell me which way it is to Tokyo 3? I need to get home.”
Tenchi: “ Tokyo 3? There is no Tokyo 3.” he said.

Shinji and Asuka cringed, then Asuka got mad.

Asuka: “ WHAT YOU YA MEAN THERE’S NO TOKYO 3? ARE YOU STUPID? THIS IS THE
TEAR 2014, OF COURSE THERE’S A TOKYO 3!”

Ryoko: “ Hey! Watch what you say to Tenchi! Don’t get me angry!”

Ryoko approached behind Tenchi, followed by Ayeka.

Asuka: “ What’s that? You must have flipped your lid. Are you some kind of
moron or something?”

Ryoko growled and jumped at Asuka. She was stopped abruptly by Kaoru’s AT
field

Kaoru: “ Please Ryoko. Don’t be mad. It seems we are all at a loss for what
has happened.”
Ryoko: “ But she can’t talk to Tenchi that way!”
Kaoru: “ I’m very sorry. She’s got a bit of a temper and we are a little
confused as to what has happened. You have my apologies.”

Ryoko backed down, accepting the apology,  but also because she could feel
that Kaoru was very powerful.

Yosho: “ Well, we must not be inhospitable. We are a shrine. Please Tenchi,
take them to the house and let them feel at home. Perhaps Washu might be
able to help them out.”
Tenchi: “ Yes Grandpa.”

He led the large group to the house and they went inside to sit down. Just
then, Yosho and Tenchi felt another disturbance.

Tenchi: “ Please, I must leave for a moment. I’ll be back in a moment.”

He bowed and left everyone, heading back to the clearing, seeing Yosho and
two other figures.
Tenchi gulped and approached them. One was another black haired male, in his
teens, and the other was a girl who looked a little older, with brown hair.
He smiled and bowed to them.

Tenchi: “ Hello. My name’s Tenchi Masaki. It’s good to meet you. You
wouldn’t happen to have suddenly appeared here, would you?”

Black Haired Boy: “ Actually, yes. How did you know?”
Tenchi: “ Well, we had others drop in. Don’t tell me your from the year
2014...”
Girl: “ What? Of course not. But, this is really weird. What do you think
Kazuki?”
Kazuki: “ I don’t know Mitsuki. This is really strange. Oh my, I almost
forgot Tenchi, my name is Kazuki Yotsuka.”
Girl: “ And My name is Mitsuki Rara. Pleased to meet you.”
Yosho: “ Well, more visitors. Take them to the house Tenchi. I feel we might
have more guests.”
Tenchi: “ Right Grandpa.”

He took Mitsuki and Kazuki to the house and dropped them off, then went down
to Washu’s lab. She was hunched over a large computer, typing wildly.

Tenchi: “ Washu! What’s going on?”
Washu: “ Oh Tenchi, I’m just trying out my latest invention.”
Tenchi: “ Are you the one causing all those people to show up?”
Washu: “ Well, kinda. I’m going through some alternate Universes, looking
through them for some interesting people, and bringing them over to examine
them.”
Tenchi: “ Well, we need you to send them back. We already have 5.”
Washu: “  Make that 3 more! From a universe of extraordinarily powerful
individuals.”

Tenchi crashed to the ground.

Tenchi: “ What about sending them back?”
Washu: “ Well....I haven’t gotten that far yet. Don’t worry though. No
please, I need some quiet time Tenchi. Bye.”

She pushed a button and Tenchi disappeared back into the field with Yosho
and looked onto the three individuals. The three looked at each other and
backed away, looking around somewhat confused. Tenchi approached slowly.

Tenchi: “ Hello. I’m Tenchi Masaki and this is my Grandpa’s shrine. I’m sure
you all have a lot of questions.”

One man was dressed in a long, red trench coat and carried a gun. The second
was dressed in red, in his teens, and looked like a delinquent with  a large
rifle looking weapon on his back. The last was a large man dressed in a
large black armor, with a spear on his back, large wings, and a few guns
hanging off him. The one in the Trench coat approached Tenchi first.

Man: “ I’m confused what’s going on. I’m a wanted man, but I’ll tell you my
name because I need help. I’m Vash. Nice to meet you.”

Tenchi shook his hand, then the second walked up to him

Guy: “ Yeah, what the hell is going on? I was on my bike, when suddenly this
big ass portal opened up and here I am with these two. I’m Kenaeda, and I
need some serious help here man.”

The last only looked at him, and Tenchi looked at the dog tags around his
neck.

Tenchi: “ Geist huh. Nice to meet you.”
Geist: “ What is going on.”
Tenchi: “ If you all would follow me, I’ll explain everything.”

He led them all to the house and they ran out of furniture to sit on.
Everyone remained quiet as Tenchi gathered in the middle of them.

Tenchi: “ Ok, here’s what’s going on. We have a scientist here who has
accidentally taken you from your world and time, and dropped you off here.
There is a good chance for others to come, and she doesn’t have a way to
send you back yet. However, she is working on that right now, so don’t
worry.”

Asuka got up.

Asuka: “ WHAT DO YOU MEAN SHE DOESN’T HAVE A WAY TO SEND US BACK! I HAVE A
JOB TO DO AND IF I DON’T DO IT, THERE WILL BE NO EARTH TO DEFEND!”
Shinji: “ Asuka, settle down...”
Kazuki: “ Yeah. I have a job too. If I’m not back, the bad guys will take
over and the earth will be doomed.”
Mitsuki: “ Are you sure we can’t be sent back?”
Vash: “ Wait. You mean I’m in another world? So, I don’t have that bounty on
my head? YES!”
Kenaeda: “ Huh. Well, this sucks some ass. Well, what’s to eat, I’m
starving...”
Geist: “ What is the story here? I must fight. Is there an army?”

Tenchi sighed, ( Why me? Why now?)



Chapter 2

Everyone found somewhere to sleep. All the girls shared rooms and the guys
tried to fit together. Kenaeda, Vash, Shinji, Kazuki, and Tenchi slept in
Tenchi’s room, while Geist stayed outside, not wanting to be bothered by
anyone. The next morning, they all met back up in the living room when
Tenchi felt another disturbance. He ran for the fields and was the only one
there to greet a small group of 3 people there. They were dressed like
differently, and appeared to be from different nations. Tenchi greeted them.

Tenchi: “ Hello. I‘m Tenchi Masaki. I hope you all are Ok. You probably have
a lot of questions, but I really can‘t explain them now.

One of them had long brown braided hair, and one with long black hair tied
in the back. The last one appeared older, in his early 20‘s, and wore a
mask. He also had long hair, but more of a blond. He approached Tenchi.

Masked Man: “ Yes. I do believe something has happened. You see, my comrades
and I were in a battle, and now, we are here. Could you explain everything
for us?”
Tenchi: “ Sure. Just come with me. By the way, what are your names?”
Masked Man: “ My name is Zechs Marquise. The one in black with the brown
hair is Duo Maxwell.”
Duo: “ Nice to meet you pal.”
Black Haired Boy: “ I’m Wufei Chang. That’s all. Just tell me what’s going
on....”

Tenchi took them back to his house and filled everyone in. The events kept
happening and it would take me too long to write about who all appeared.
Apparently Washu has been very busy, so here’s the list of everyone who has
shown up, and who will show up during the rest of the day at different
times.

Shinji Ikari, Asuka Langley Sohryu, Kaoru Nagisa, Misato Katsuragi, Ryoji
Kaji, Kazuki Yotsuka, Mitsuki Rara, Vash the Stampede, Wolfwood, Kanaeda, MD
Geist, MD Krauser, Duo Maxwell, Wufei Chang, Zechs Marquise, Lina Inverse,
Naga the Serpent, Akito Tenkawa, Nagari Akatski, Ken Tenkuu, Tskumo
Shiratori, Roger Smith, Dorothy 1, Goku, Android 18, Sailor Moon, Sailor
Pluto, Linna Yamazaki, Sylia Stingray, Arashi Kishu, Sorata Arisugawa,
Morrigan, Demitri, Terry Bogard, Andy Bogard, Gene Starwind, and ( My own
Character) Captain Jack the Ripper.

( Whew. That’s a lot of people. I’ve divided them up into 3 separate groups,
Robots, Guns, and Power. Not an easy task if I do say so. The series these
come from are Neon Genesis Evangelion, Dual: Parallel Trouble Adventures,
Trigun, Akira. MD Geist, Gundam Wing, Slayers, Martian Successor Nadesico,
Gekiganger, Big O, Dragon Ball Z, Sailor Moon, Bubble Gun Crises: Tokyo
2040, X, DarkStalkers: Night Warriors, Fatal Fury, Outlaw Star, and
Warhammer 40k.)

Anyways, I hope you enjoy this. This is only the first chapter. Expect some
great battles and some good old fashioned lovin’ if you get my drift, and of
course, I don’t really write lemons, but hey, doesn’t mean you can’t
imagine. Well, enjoy.

LEGAL DISCLAIMER: I DON’T OWN A SINGLE ONE OF THESE Characters or Series or
Movies (except Captain Jack the Ripper. He’s all mine.) The right’s to these
go to the distributors of the Anime. For Neon Genesis Evangelion, Martian
Successor Nadesico, Slayers, Gekiganger, and Bubble Gum Crisis: Tokyo 2040,
ADV Vision ( www.advfilms.com.)
For Dragonball Z, Dual: Parallel Trouble Adventures, Dark Stalkers, Trigun,
Tenchi Muyo, Tenchi Universe, Tenchi in Tokyo, Akira, Sailor Moon, and Fatal
Fury goes to Pioneer Entertainment.
For Evangelion: Death and Rebirth, End of Eva, MD Geist, MD Geist:
Deathforce, and X belong to Manga Entertainment.
For Gundam Wing, and the Big O, belong to Bandai Entertainment.
Capt. Jack the Ripper belongs to myself, and may not be used without
expressed approval. Email me at Barry_Beelzebub@yahoo.com if you have
questions.

Thank you and Enjoy.