Chapter 4: No Need for a Scientific Genius
By: UltraOverMind
email: aegisrunestone@hotmail.com
http://envy.nu/uom/index.html

	Quiet...

	<It's so quiet out here...> Thought Musashi to himself. It had been two 
days, but Musashi had already recovered from his wounds. Sitting 
cross-legged on the grass, which was wet from the early morning dew, Musashi 
could see the first rays of the sun peeking out from behind the mountains. 
Those rays revealed his clean face. No longer was it stained with blood. His 
face was young(of course, since he is only twelve), and had a cocky-looking 
sense to it. <I guess it's time to start my training.> Musashi thought.

	He did this every morning, at about four-thirty AM, Musashi would go 
outside to practice his fencing technique, although he was already a master 
at what he did, if he did not train he would get rusty and therefore his 
skill would dull down like a knife that has never been sharpened.

	Musashi stood up, he drew out Fusion, one of his small katanas. Fusion was 
a special sword, it glowed with a sliver aura and had special powers. When 
Musashi charges Fusion and throws it, when the blade pierces an enemy, an 
ability can be copied by Fusion. When Fusion returns to Musashi, he learns 
the technique of the enemy. However if he does it to a different enemy, he 
loses his previous technique and gains a new one. The process is called  
Assimilation'.

	Taking up his fencing pose, Musashi prepares to train. He turns sharply to 
the right and slashes and does a double-backflip almost immediately. 
Although he is slow at the moment, eventually he will get faster as he 
warms-up. Soon, Musashi's movements are literally impossible to follow, his 
attacks and techniques are flawless. The Sun seems to rise much faster, 
before Musashi knows it, the Sun is up and by this time, his hosts inside 
the house will be waking up.


	"*YAAWWNN!*" Ryoko teleports to the bottom of the stairs, sounding very 
tired. She stretches and blinks her eyes. "Ugh..." She is wearing a blue and 
brown striped sweater-dress robe.

	"Good morning, Ryoko!" Sasami greets her cheerfully. Ryoko just grunts and 
waves, too tired to talk. "Have you seen Musashi this morning?" Ryoko shakes 
her head in response. "Oh..I wonder where he is! He should be on the couch 
recovering!" She says, sounding worried. Ryoko looks at the couch, looks at 
Sasami and shrugs.

	"Miya!" Ryo-ohki bats the glass-window, "Miya! Miya!"

	"What is it, Ryo-ohki?" Sasami asks, "Are you hungry?" Sasami goes to the 
kitchen but Ryo-ohki doesn't follow. "Huh? Ryo-ohki...what is it?"

	"Who knows..." Ryoko answers, while yawning, "She has her own way of doing 
things." Suddenly, Ryoko looks at the stairs, which are creaking, Tenchi is 
coming down the steps, yawning.

	"Good morning, Tenchi!" Sasami smiles. Tenchi smiles back in response.

	"Good morning, Sasami...whoa!" Tenchi is startled by Ryoko appearing right 
in front of him, grinning. Tenchi felt the familar uncomfortness that he got 
when Ryoko was around.

	"Hi, Tenchiiii...." She says, "I missed you!" She grabs a tight hold around 
his neck and cuddles up to him. She seems to be much more awake now. But 
Tenchi doesn't seem to welcome her hug.

	"Uh...but..." He protests, "You saw me last night!" He struggles to break 
free, but the power of Ryoko's grip was incredible. It was like she had the 
strength of twenty men, maybe even more than that. Sasami giggles at the 
sight of his predicament, thinking it to be *cute*.

	"Yeah," Ryoko agrees, "But one night away from you is an eternity!" She 
smiles, hoping to attract him. But Tenchi finally finds and weak spot in 
Ryoko's strength and breaks free, walking down the stairs. Ryoko looks 
bewildered and disappointed.

	"That's nice, Ryoko." He replies, looking to the empty couch, "Hey!" Tenchi 
says, looking startled, "Where is our guest?" Ryoko shrugs, and Sasami's 
face seems to be flooding with concern.

	"I don't know..." Sasami answers, "He was here last night...huh?" She 
notices something outside the house. "Hey! It's Musashi!" She shouts, her 
voice sounded relived. All awake beings rushed to look. And there he is was, 
holding up his large sword in both hands, he didn't look tired at all.

	"Miya!" Ryo-ohki cries happily, she had been annoucing her find for over 
fifteen minutes now. Ryoko grinned pleasantly.

	"So that's what she pounding the window for." Ryoko says, Ryo-ohki smiles 
in a cheerful and prideful response as if to say: 'It was all me! I knew 
where he was!'

	"But, whats he doing?" Asked Sasami with an angry yet slightly concerned 
voice.

	"He's practicing...I guess." Tenchi replies, nodding slowly, not sure what 
to make of this boy. He looked completely fine, as far as Tenchi was 
concerned, Musashi didn't seem to be in any sort of pain.

	"Oh no!" Sasami moans, "He shouldn't be doing that! He needs to rest, or 
his wounds will come back!" But Suddenly, as if he heard her, Musashi went 
into an amazing feat of fencing, slashing foreword with his large sword and 
blackflipping and sticking the sword into the ground, then he fought like he 
was surrounded, with only his small glowing katana, he quickly fended off 
all of them. It was almost as if there were an invisible force trying to 
attack Musashi. But whatever it was, it was losing horribly, like its 
efforts were that of a stone trying to jump.

	"He looks fine to me. " Ryoko says, her jaw wide open, along with Tenchi's. 
Her expression is shared by Tenchi and Sasami. Even Ryo-ohki seemed to be 
shocked, for her golden, jewel-like, eyes seemed to almost fill her face.

	"Omigosh..." Tenchi said in amazement, "Whoa...I guess he really is the 
Greatest Fencer in the Universe.", But Sasami wouldn't have it. She opened 
the door quickly and stepped outside, she was still a bit surprised at 
Musashi's great feat, but she still did not want Musashi to act in such a 
way. After all, he was wounded wasn't he?

	"Musashi!" She yelled, "You are supposed to be resting! Your wounds need to 
heal!" Musashi turns around and smiles at her. He picks up his large sword, 
sheathes it and walks over to Sasami. He looks very confidient, his walk is 
perfect and it seems as if he had never been wounded at all.

	"Now..." Musashi says when he reaches the trio of impressed personages, who 
were still struggling to straighten their faces. "I'm fine Sasami, my wounds 
are gone now. Trust me, I checked." He adds, noticing her doubtful look.

	"But..." She protests. Musashi grins and waves his finger at her.

	"I'm fine!" Musashi insists stubbornly. Sasami just stood there for a 
second, looking at him, and comtemplating what to do, <He is obiviously not 
going to come in...> she thought, sighing deeply.

	"Alright..." She said, "I'll call you when Breakfast is ready."

	"Okie dokie." Musashi replied, throwing another wink at her, making Sasami 
blush again. He turned around and went back his training. Ryoko, grinning, 
bent over Sasami while Tenchi sat down in the couch to rest.

	"Looks like someone has a crush..." Ryoko whispered in Sasami's ear, this 
made Sasami go redder than even her red beads on the ties of her ponytails. 
Ryoko smiled and nodded at her.

	"I..." Sasami paused, "I don't know what you're talking about, Ryoko." 
Sasami walks off to go the kitchen, holding her head high, but Ryoko stops 
her by grabbing her shoulder.

	"Oh, come on..." Her eyes gleam a golden radiance, "Don't be shy...I'm sure 
he likes you too. I mean...he winked at you, twice now." If Sasami's face 
could get any redder, it would be. "Besides..." Ryoko turns Sasami around to 
face outside, making her look at Musashi practice. "He is pretty cute too, 
isn't he?" Sasami felt her cheeks getting heavier.

	"Oh, stop!" She finally says, "I suppose so..." She answers, hanging her 
head.

	"If you need any help attracting him," Ryoko smiles, "Just ask me." Then 
her smile turns into a grin. Sasami just blushes and walks toward the 
kitchen. Ryoko turns and notices Tenchi on the couch. <Perfect 
opportunity...> Ryoko thinks, devilishly. She teleports next to him on 
couch, silently.

	"...Tenchi." Tenchi jumps, looking up to see the cyan-haired, golden-eyed 
woman grinning wickedly over him.

	"Whooa!" Then notices Ryoko, "Oh it's you, Ryoko. What is it?" Ryoko wraps 
her arms around his neck, tightly. <It's that feeling again...> Tenchi 
thinks, <What is it about me that she likes so much?>

	"You and me on this couch, now." She says, cocking her brows up and down 
repeatedly with a malicious grin.

	"What!?" Tenchi looks scared, he is afraid of what she is suggesting. Ryoko 
grins, showing fangs in her mouth, shining brightly. Tenchi's fears overtake 
him."Whoa, wait a second...Sasami's in the kitchen and..."

	"Oh come on! Have a little fun, *Tenchiiii*..." Ryoko says, and with that, 
she pushes him on the couch, making him lie down with Ryoko on top of 
Tenchi. "Oh boy..." She smiles evilly, as Tenchi struggles to break free, 
but this time, Ryoko would not have any weak link in the chain of her grip.

	"Miss Ryoko!!" Yells a voice from behind her. Ryoko turns around, It's 
Ayeka, her red eyes flashing like wild fire flames. "What are you doing with 
Lord Tenchi!?" She yells as she runs down the stairs. Ryoko gets off Tenchi 
slowly. She knows there will be other days.

	"Mmm..." Ryoko hums, "Mmm...nothing..." Ayeka's face twists. <What an 
annoying princess, JUST when I had him going> Ryoko thinks, <Man Ayeka, how 
can anyone stand you!> Her thoughts angrily twist in her mind, but Ryoko 
keeps a straight smile through it all.

	"I'm not going blind!" She retorts, "You stay off of him...you *demon*!" 
Ryoko's smile fades, now she's done it, Ryoko wants to rend Ayeka into 
pieces, but something tells her to revert to words, but before Ryoko can 
retort, a cocky voice sounds out behind them.

	"Are you girls fightin' again?" Musashi smirks, he had walked back into the 
house and had been watching the predictament for a few minutes now, "Now 
now...I know Tenchi's a great guy, but he ain't anythin' to start nuclear 
war over." Musashi grins, he is just loving the situation at hand. Ayeka 
frowns at him. She knew he was trouble.

	"You stay out of this, Sir Musashi!" Ayeka growls.

	"Whoa!" Musashi holds up his hands defensively, he puts on an innocent 
face, his acting almost perfect, "Down, girl! I'm not yer target. You need 
to calm down Ayeka, or you could hurt somebody." The grin returns and Ayeka 
flusters.

	Ryoko smiles, "Oh now I remember you, Musashi!" She points to him, and all 
attention turned to Ryoko.She was now behind the couch. Another memory piece 
recoverd. <Maybe this will be easier than I thought> Ryoko thinks, <Getting 
my memory back that is>

	"Oh good," Musashi replies, "You're gettin' yer memory back eh?" Ryoko 
nods. "Good girl...and bad girl..." Ryoko's face floods with lost of place 
and confusion.

	"Wha?" Ryoko looks at Musashi, who nodds.

	"I saw you with Tenchi..." Musashi smiles, waving a finger at Ryoko, "Bad 
girl..." Ayeka nods in agreement, her face was now beginning to twist into a 
grin.

	"Yes!" She says, "Very bad..." Musashi side-glances Ayeka with his keen, 
emerald green eyes.

	"But Ayeka," Musashi interrupts, "You shouldn't get so mad when Ryoko 
offends you. " Ayeka flusters, "'cuz that's what she wants." Ayeka turns 
away from him.

	"Hmph!" Ayeka just decides to ignore Musashi, holding her head high.

	"Geez." Tenchi says, "What's wrong with her?"

	"Ah," Musashi replies, "She's just P.O.ed, give her some time ta blow off 
some steam." But Ryoko had other plans. She flies over next to Tenchi and 
cocks her brows, grinning evilly again. Tenchi has the same unconfortable 
feeling smash him like an avil.

	"Ryoko!" Ayeka's eyes flash brightly.

	"What?" Ryoko turns to face Ayeka, with an innocent, wide-eyed look, "Don't 
tell me you're jealous, Ayeka." Ayeka sweatdrops.

	"No! I'm not jealous!" She retorts, " but your beh-" Musashi interrupts 
her, waving his hand in the air and smiling.

	"Sure you're not jealous." Musashi rolling his eyes, he clambers onto the 
couch and puts his arms behind his head, "We believe you, Ayeka..." The 
sarcasm is obvious in his voice. Ayeka turns to Musashi her face full of 
anger. Musashi can only grin gleefully.

	"Be quiet!" She retorts.

	"Tut, Tut." Musashi says, "Now we mustn't we such violent words in the 
house, Sasami is in the kitchen." Ayeka grits her teeth, "You don't wanna be 
a bad influence on your little sister, do you?" Musashi snickers, trying to 
hide his glee with his hand.

	"Musashi!" Tenchi says, shocked, even Ryoko was a bit surprised at 
Musashi's actions.

	Ayeka's eyes flashed furiously, her face boiled with steam pouring out her 
ears. She looked like a bomb ready to explode,"Why, you!!" Her beautiful 
nature seems to have left her and all thats left is a charging bull.

	"Sorry, man. Musashi replies to Tenchi, "I have a bad habit of taunting 
Ayeka. I'm ashamed of it. But I have fun with it anyways. " Musashi snickers 
some more. Tenchi cannot believe what he is seeing, he'd never thought a 
swordsman could be so rude.

	"Stupid brat..." Ayeka says under her breath, Musashi smiles slyly. He 
chuckles, mindful of the insult Ayeka marked on him.Tenchi looks at him in 
wonder, but he soon understands why Musashi is amused.

	"I heard that." Musashi chuckles some more, looking *very* 
comfortable...maybe a little *too* comfortable. Ayeka grumbles and calms 
herself slowly. She heads for the stairs looking straight, not daring to 
look back at the couch where the little devil sat, snickering. The corner of 
her eye caught Ryoko snickering too.

	Suddenly, the front door of the house slides in and something, what sounds 
like a hundred excited school children, maybe more, enters the front room. 
"I'm back!" cries a cheerful, and overexcited voice. Every head in the 
living room had turned to look at this newcomer, Sasami had entered the 
front room to annouce breakfeast, instead she stared in awe at the entity 
who had arrived.

	Redish-pink hair was the first thing you saw. It was spikey and in a 
similar style to Ryoko's, except it was longer. Of course, that may be 
because this person was short. A girl, she looked to be about the age of 
twelve. Like Musashi, her eyes were green, but these did not have the cocky 
and battle-worn glimmer that Musashi's had. You'd think the type of radiance 
they emitted would show complete hyperness, however the eyes shown more of 
radiance of high intelligance and knownlegde. She wore the black-gold 
uniform of the Galactic Science Academy, her smile was all of the innocence 
of child, yet she had a more 'adultish' air around her.	Sasami instantly 
recgonizes her.

	"Miss Washu!" Sasami cries happily, suddenly it just downpours on the 
others(except Ryoko) of who she was. Washu was the greatest genius scientist 
in the entire universe, she used to be a professor at the Galactic Science 
Academy. She was a bit crazy, well more like was insane and is slowly 
recoving. But insane or not, Washu is a genius, she discovered many 
important ideas behind the Universe, such as for example: teleportation, 
dimensional warp and uplink, and the secrets behind magic(A force used on a 
few planets controlled by Wizards who can surprisingly rivial even the best 
scientists). Washu had been living with Tenchi, Ayeka and Sasami for awhile, 
then she had left for a convention in Space.

	Musashi chuckles and turns to Tenchi and whispers, "Say, man...Are you a 
pimp or somethin'?" Tenchi threw a surprised look at the young fencer, "I 
mean, come on, ya got all these pretty girls in yer house with ya, soo...." 
Tenchi shakes his head quickly.

	"No, I'm not a pimp." He replied quietly, much to the fencer's 
disappointment, but his face lit up again, grinning evilly.

	"Then..." Musashi chuckles, "why are they *here*?" Tenchi shoots Musashi an 
offended look from his brown eyes. Musashi sits there quietly with an 
inquistive smile on his face. "Come on , now. don't be shy...You can tell 
another guy." Tenchi twists his face frustratedly.

	"Well...I...they...well..." He can't think of what to say, everything had 
happened so fast. And now that he thought about it, he was surrounded by 
women most of the time considering that his grandfather was hardly around 
the house and Noboyuki was usually at work during the day. And usually, it 
was just Tenchi and the girls. Tenchi is surprised by Musashi as the fencer 
pats him on the back.

	"It's ok...I'm only jokin' around, pal." He whispers and nods his head 
kindly, smiling, "I'll ask you later, when the mood around here is a little 
more serious." Tenchi nods in agreement. While this was going on, Sasami and 
Washu exchanged greetings.

	"It's so nice to see you again Miss Washu!" Sasami smiled happily, Ayeka's 
face was no longer angry, she was also happy to see the great scientist 
back, even if she was crazy. Ryoko stared in wonder, she felt like she knew 
this person...someone so close to her, but she couldn't make it out. 
<Amnesia is an aweful thing...> She thought dispairfully.

	"How was your 'Universal Scientist Reunion'?" Ayeka asked politely, who had 
come over to the edge of the couch and sat down, "It went for a long time 
didn't it?" Washu nodded to her. She put hand on her chin and put on a 
thoughtful look as if not knowing where to begin.

	"Well..." She finally said after a few minutes, "It was good...I guess." 
She added boringly, not like Washu at all to be bored about something, "I 
mean...it wasn't purely one hundred percent, scientificly enjoyable...but it 
wasn't bad or horrible! Oh no no." Despite the tone of dissapointment in her 
voice, she was quite girlish and cheerful sounding.

	Ayeka's smile was slightly hindered by the dissapointing report, "What was 
it about the party that dissapointed you?" Ayeka asked holding her hand out, 
palm up. She cocked her head slightly to the right, her eyes filled with 
curiousity. Washu turned her head and smiled slightly.

	"I thought there would be a bunch of smart people there." Confusion become 
a common in theme of the air in the house. Washu stared at the surprised 
faces around her, "what I mean is, that they would be smart on *my* 
standards. All my work! And none of those morons learned it." Her face 
perked up, "Geez, this is why I stay 'Genius of the Universe', no 
competetion." Her face suddenly lights up, "But then again, 'it's good being 
King of the Hill!'" She grins as she gets a face-fault and a collapse from 
her audience. Washu looks around confused. "What?" It seemed the house would 
fall over as did her audience for the second time.

	"Jus' as crazy as ever..." Musashi remarked with his hand on the right side 
of his face, "I guess scientists never change do they, Washu?" Everyone in 
the room looked at him, surprised, Washu just smiled gleefully, preparing a 
smart remark for the young warrior.

	"I guess fencers don't change either, eh, Musashi?" Ayeka's, Tenchi's, 
Ryoko's, Sasami's and even Ryo-ohki's jaws all dropped...at the same time. 
"What?" Washu asks again, not really having a single clue about what is 
going on. Musashi, slightly amused,  chuckles to himself. Ayeka finally 
straightens out, struggling to keep her jaw from falling again.

	"You..." She said to Musashi, "you...*know* Washu? How?" Ayeka's mouth was 
wide open, her eyes were inquistive. Musashi slightly smiled a half way 
smile.

	"I know a lotta people, Ayeka." He said, "People you probably don't even 
know. It's like I know everyone in the galaxy." Musashi shrugged mudanely. 
Ayeka frowned, "Hey I'm not being cocky now, you'll see. Believe me, it'll 
seem like I know everyone..." Musashi's face seemed serious but Ayeka didn't 
believe him, not after the way he treated her.

	"Of course, like me..." Washu grinned cockily, "You just can't not know 
Musashi! Everybody has know the 'Universe's most skilled Fencer!' Of course, 
I'm much more famous. I've been around for centuries!" Washu grinned at 
Musashi who grinned back.

	"Oh...be quiet..." He taunts, "At least I'm not hiding my real age, 
*willfully*." Musashi chuckles, even though he recieves a chorus of strange 
looks and sounds from almost everyone in the room, only Washu knew what he 
was talking about.

	"Um...Excuse me?" Ryoko stepped foreword shyly, Washu turns to her, her 
expression turning to slight shock for a few seconds and then settling into 
a serious look, one Ryoko could have never imagined in this girl's face. 
Ryoko could feel all the eyes in the room peering on her.

	"Well...now." Washu said, looking at Ryoko carefully, "It's been 
awhile...Ryoko." All eyes went on Washu, startled, shocked and confused. 
Ryoko's mouth gapped wider than an open prison cell. "Yes, my dear Ryoko...I 
do know you. But why have you forgotten me?" Ryoko couldn't answer, she 
didn't understand how this girl knew her. Then it stuck her like lightning, 
this girl was a scientist.

	"C...Can..." Ryoko paused, hesitiate to ask, for there was a chance that 
Washu would not help her, "Can you help me?" She asked slowly, Washu looked 
to Ryoko with concern.

	"Help you? What do you mean?" She asked curiously, her eyes blinking. 
Tenchi answered the question for Ryoko, walking over to Washu.

	"You see..." He explained, "Ryoko has amnesia..." Washu nods and asks 
Tenchi to explain all of what happened. So Tenchi spent the next few minutes 
explaining how Ryoko arrived and also how Musashi arrived as not to arouse 
the scientists's curiousity. He explained everything, Ryoko arriving at the 
house, Sasami finding Musashi in the cave. Everything. After Tenchi was 
done, Washu nodded again. "So...can you help her?"

	"Well...." Washu begins, only to pause to look at the anixious faces 
awaited her answer, she waited for a few moments until finally, "In all 
seriousness...not even I, have been able to find a cure for amnesia." A sigh 
of dissapointment escaped Ryoko's mouth, "At least...Only type-C amneisa..." 
Washu's eyes flicker. "But I guess it wouldn't hurt to perform a few tests 
on Ryoko now would it!?" Suddenly, Washu felt something soft and furry touch 
her leg.

	It was Ryo-ohki. She walked up to Washu and cried to her. Washu looked down 
and smiled, "Hello there, Ryo-ohki...It's been awhile." The group was 
shocked again, it was almost as if everyone would be electructed to death if 
this type of surprise kept going on.

	"You know Ryo-ohki?" Sasami asked in wonder. Washu nodded.

	"Of course..." Washu grinned, "I made her!" Everything in the room fell on 
its side. Time for the hospital. "Aren't I SUCH a GENIUS!??" She shouted, 
smiling widely. Musashi was the only one in the room was not surprised 
though. Sasami got up and brushed herself off.

	"Well, Washu," Sasami said, "I think we should wait for Ryoko's tests. I 
have lunch ready and it's getting cold you know!" Musashi jumped up and 
dashed for the table at amazing speed, getting to his correct spot and 
kneeling at the table in under a second. Sasami giggled at the sight of the 
blue-haired boy excited for her cooking.

	"I'm *AT* the table." Musashi grinned, one hand gripped his fork and the 
other holding a knife that, if it were alive, would be gasping for air.

	"Wow." Said Sasami in amazement, "You must really enjoy my cooking, 
Musashi." She giggled, Musashi turned and winked at her.

	"Sasami," He said, "I love yer cooking so much, I would eat it all if I was 
stuffed!" He nodded to her and cocked her brows, Sasami blushed deeply.

	"Why," She said, "Thank you, Musashi..." She giggled again, turned and 
walked over to Washu.

	"You are always welcome to join us, Washu!" Sasami said, happily, Washu 
nodded and smiled at the young Princess, got up and walked over to the 
table, where Musashi was patiently waiting. Ayeka and Tenchi followed suit.

	"Tenchi," Sasami said, turning to Tenchi while taking off her aporn, 
dectorated with carrots, "I'm going to get Noboyuki and Grandpa, so have 
Musashi save me a place." Tenchi nodded, as did Musashi, the young fencer 
throwing Sasami a wink, making her go red.

	"Sure, thing." Tenchi replied, as Sasami went outside.

	"I'll make sure that even your sister doesn't take your place, Sasami!" 
Musashi yelled after her. "You hear that, Ayeka?" Ayeka rolled her eyes and 
knelt at the table at her usual spot next to Ryoko. In a few moments, Sasami 
arrived with Noboyuki and Katsuhito and they began to eat lunch.


	After lunch, Washu had Ryoko sit down on a chair near the	couch, everyone 
gathered around to look as if it were a specatile, a never before seen act. 
Something that you'd pay a million yen to see.

	"Um...How long will it take you to get your stuff ready?" Ryoko asked, 
Washu walked over to her and sat down on the couch near to Ryoko. "I mean, 
this must be some sort of advanced technology if you can do tests on me for 
my amnesia." Washu smiled at her and waved her hands upwards. Two square, 
transparent panels appeared before the crazed scientist, one above the front 
edge of the other at a fourty-five degree angle.

	"About a couple of seconds." Washu replied, she pulled out an iron crown 
with dimmed lights on it and placed it on Ryoko's head. "This thing here 
will transfer all your metal functions, capabilities, problems, etc. to my 
computer!" Ryoko opened her mouth to ask a question but Washu brushed it 
aside, "Now, now. This won't hurt a bit." Washu grins, giggling slightly. 
Sitting back down on the couch, Washu begins to tap her fingers across the 
floating transparent board. Small polgonal shapes in bright colors like red 
and orange, flashed where Washu's fingers touched. It Ryoko a few seconds to 
realize that the lower black board was a keyboard and the slanted board was 
a moniter! The two balck boards made up a paper-thin, highly advanced 
version of the laptop computer!

	Images flashed on the screen of Washu's moniter, everyone stared 
anixiously. Ryoko and the others waited patiently. Finally, the images 
flickered and Washu stood up. She removed the crown from Ryoko's head. Ryoko 
looked up at the mysterious woman who seemed so close to Ryoko, yet Ryoko 
couldn't remember who she was.

	"Well?" Ryoko finally asked.

	"I have good news...and bad news..." Washu said, "The good news that you do 
not have Amnesia Type-B." Ryoko looked at her curiously, "Type-B amnesia is 
where you have forgotten everything but you think you are someone else, not 
yourself. Now..." Washu put the crown away and sat back down. She smirked 
slightly, "The other two types A and C is when you usually remember right 
away your name and some of basic things you do in life, like walking, 
talking, etc."

	"Whats the difference?" Ryoko asked, "They sound exactly the same to me."

	"The difference is, my dear Ryoko," Washu replied, with a grim smile, 
"Type-A is curable by medicanes or natural means, but Type-C is not curable 
by medicanes...I bet you can guess what the bad news is huh?" Ryoko nodded 
and put her hands in her face.

	"Don't tell me..." Slight sobs could be heard from her muffled voice, "I 
have Type-C Amnesia, don't I? That means...I'll never have my memory 
again!!" She cried out, "Oh...no...noooo..."  Washu tried to calm her.

	"Wait, Ryoko!" Washu smiled, "Don't worry, if you wait, your memory will 
come back to you. But, I can't do anything to help you recover it." Ryoko 
nodded. "and for some odd reason, jogging your memory doesn't work very well 
with some memories with Type-C. "

	"So, I guess...the best thing..." Ryoko said, "Is to wait until it comes 
back to me..." Ryoko nodded again, "Well...I'm willing to wait."
