Chapter 7: No Need for Yashito
by: Andrew "UltraOverMind" S.
email: aegisrunestone@hotmail.com
http://www.envy.nu/uom/index.html


	That week, Sasami had taught everything she could to Musashi. He learned 
very quickly and soon, he could proudly claim that he knew how to swim. It 
was now the day that the group would leave to head back to Tenchi's home 
near the lake. They would leave in the afternoon. However they had no idea 
of the waiting peril. Outside the inn, an enemy had arrived.

	<So...> Yashito thought as he crept silently in the bushes around the Inn 
where he had felt Ryoko's energy signature. <I've finally found you, Ryoko. 
Now I can return to the master and recieve my reward! The master will be 
very pleased with me.> Playing with his thoughts deliciously, the 
battled-worn warrior pushed back his flamming-red hair, which, even though 
it was a very bright red, still remained undetected in the shadows.


	Resting on the couch in the lobby comfortably, Ryoko thought deeply about 
Tenchi. How to impress him, how to get him to lover her and not Ayeka, or 
Washu. She was wearing her green top and long skirt with a slip up the front 
and back, revealing nothing. Around her waist was a fine black belt and on 
her top, she wore a pink vest.  Ryoko shuffled her hands behind her back, 
suddenly, something pounced on her, she let out a sudden scream and readied 
her energy sword.

	"MIYA!" It was only Ryo-ohki. "MIYA! MIYYA!" She cried, Ryoko groaned in 
annoyance and shook her head. She looked at her cabbit, carefully. Eyes 
blinking, Ryoko was slightly annoyed at her pet's attack on her.

	"Ryo-ohki!" She said, clasping her chest from being scared, "Don't freak me 
out like that! Geez! What's with you anyways?" Ryo-ohki cried out again and 
Ryoko realized that her cries were of terror and fear. Ryoko's face switched 
from anger to concern, "What is it? What's wrong, Ryo-ohki?" Ryo-ohki cried 
out again. Ryoko could understand her, but none else could. "Someone....is 
here? To get me?"

	Ryoko, at first, thought this was a joke, but something inside her told her 
that something was wrong. "Tenchi...." She said to herself, she looked down 
at the brown furry animal and said, "Come on...Let's go see Tenchi about 
this." <If anyone can help...it's Tenchi.> She thought as she strolled over 
to where Tenchi's room was.


	Katsuhito sat, cross-legged, on the ground outside of the inn, near the 
swimming pool. Suddenly, he detected a presence, his old age had not 
withered out his senses and he knew someone was there. He sat calmly, this 
person was not an enemy, but an old friend. "What is it?" Katsuhito asked 
slowly, "What is it, Musashi?"

	Musashi sat on ground next to Katsuhito. All was silent for awhile, like 
they were having a duel, a duel of the minds. One thinking and anticapating 
what the other will say and do. Musashi stumbled over what he was going to 
say and remained silent for what seem for an enternity, he finally spoke up.

	"So..." He said, slowly, "It is you. I knew it." Katsuhito nodded but 
remained silent, "How long will you wait?" Musashi continued, "You'll have 
to tell Ayeka and Sasami someday..." He paused, sighing deeply, "You can't 
hide it forever, man." Katsuhito nodded, he spoke but did not look at 
Musashi.

	"Indeed. " He replied, his glasses reflecting the beautiful sunlight, "I 
will have to tell them. It will happen, just not yet." Katsuhito looked up 
into the air, "Do you sense it too? Soon we will have to confront the one 
who cursed you, Musashi." Musashi nodded.

	"I know...The one who cursed me..." He paused, gritting his teeth, "Dang 
it, he will pay for what he has to me. He cursed me...to remain the same age 
for...*fifty*, *FIFTY* freakin' years! I know it's him, my dear friend. I 
can smell that demon from millions, maybe billions of miles away. But he 
isn't here for me." Musashi's emerald eyes were stained with concerned, "He 
is here...to get Ryoko."


	"Ayeka! Look at this one!" Sasami ran over to her elder sister, giggling. 
Sasami was wearing an orange bodysuit with a sleeveless light grass-green 
vest with a long skirt that went almost down to her ankles. Two slips went 
up the side jsut a few inches below her waist which was secured firmly with 
a black belt. Sasami had picked out a flower that was on the ground. It was 
beautiful royal-blue color. "Isn't it pretty?"

	Ayeka smiled at her sister. She was wearing some Pink robes with white 
lining. "Yes, Sasami." She said, "It is very beautiful." Sasami held the 
flower up to her sister, Ayeka looked at it and held it. She giggled along 
with her sister, happily. It seemed as if nothing would go wrong this day. 
The sun was shining, not a cloud in the sky.

	Suddenly Ayeka noticed someone walking towards them. A dark-looking figure. 
His flamming red-hair dazzled in the sunlight. He wore a green and blue 
battle suit and his dark face was battle-worn. His yellow eyes seemed to 
pierce Ayeka with discomfort.

	"Who.." She called out to him, disturbed, "Who are you?" The man stopped in 
front of her. She felt her heart skip a beat and she began to feel uneasy 
about this man. "Who are you?" She asked, trying to sound more demanding. 
The man only grinned wickedly in response.


	"He's here." Musashi said, his eye's shooting open, "Ryoko...Look out." 
Musashi got up and ran into the Inn as quickly as he could.


	Ryoko knocked on the door repeatedly, "Tenchi! Tenchi!" She cried out, 
"Dang it! Where is he?" Suddenly, Ryo-ohki started dashing away to the porch 
crying out in terror and fear. Ryoko tried to catch her, "What the? Hey! 
Come back here! Ryo-ohki!" Ryoko was fast, but Ryo-ohki was too quick for 
her. Soon, Ryo-ohki was out the door. Ryoko could not go after her. She kept 
knocking at the door franticly. "Tenchi!"


	Pushing the last of the baggages into the car, Tenchi wiped the sweat off 
his forehead. Washu and Noboyuki had been helping him put it into the car. 
Washu made sure that each person had their baggage ready and got it over to 
the car. Noboyuki and Tenchi loaded the car, fortunely they were done. 
Tenchi now just wanted to go home and relax. Noboyuki headed back into the 
Inn to rest.

	"That's the last of'em!" Washu annouced, she put her transparent computer 
away and clasped her hands together. "Shall we go and gather up the others?" 
Tenchi nodded. He looked over to where Ayeka and Sasami were, they were just 
having fun, enjoying the few last hours at the inn. But then Tenchi noticed 
a dark-looking man with them. He had never seen this person before.

	"Who is that?" Tenchi asked out loud.

	"Huh?" Washu looked at Tenchi, who pointed down to where Ayeka and Sasami 
was. As soon as the pink-haired scientist saw the man she gasped. "Oh...no. 
It can't be..." Tenchi looked at Washu, confused. "Come on, Tenchi! We must 
hurry, Ryoko, Ayeka and the others are in danger."

	"Huh? W-What?" Tenchi asked, but Washu did not answer, instead she ran over 
to where Ayeka and Sasami were as fast as her legs could carry her. Tenchi, 
a bit surprised, dashed after her. "Wait! Miss Washu! Wait!" He tried to 
catch up to her, but it was no use. Washu was far ahead of him. <I don't 
understand,> He thought, <What is doing on here?>


	"Miya!" Ryo-ohki cried as she landed on the ground. She looked viciously at 
the man, growling and hissing. He looked at her and laughed to himself. 
Grinning at the small creature, he walked over to the annoyed cabbit.

	"What's wrong, Ryo-ohki?" He said, Sasami and Ayeka both gasped at the 
stranger calling the creature by her name, "You know me, don't you?" His 
yellow eyes flickered, Ryo-ohki began to back away cautiously. Running feet 
could be heard behind him, he turned towards the sounds to see Washu and 
Tenchi dashing up to him. He smiled at Washu. "Well...Well..." Washu stopped 
in front of him.

	"It's you!" Washu shouted, she took a cautious step back. "It's you..." She 
repeated, softer this time. Tenchi looked to Washu, to the man, to Ayeka, to 
Sasami then back to the man. The aggravated Scientist gritted her teeth, 
violently. "W-What do you want, Yashito?" Yashito smiled. His yellow eyes 
flashed evilly.

	"Greetings, Washu." He turned to Sasami and Ayeka. Sasami hid herself 
behind her sister as he spoke, "And to you too, Princess Ayeka, Princess 
Sasami." He turned his yellow eyes onto Tenchi, "Well...here is a face I've 
never seen before." He looked at all of them, "Ryo-ohki is here...that means 
so must Ryoko be. Where is she?" He looked around at all the frightened, 
angry and confused eyes at him. There was only silence, "Well..Where is 
she?" Yashito demanded, his smile vanishing.

	"W-What do you want with Ryoko?" Tenchi blurted out, Yashito turned towards 
him, his eyes glaring viciously at Tenchi. Then Tenchi suddenly realized 
that this man was floating like Ryoko could. He floated over towards Tenchi, 
a wicked smile planted on his face.

	"I just want to take her to a place." Yashito replied, "The poor thing," He 
added shaking his head,"I'm sure you will agree to letting me take her. 
Afterall, there she will recover her memory." His smile slipped into a grin, 
Tenchi gritted his teeth, "Of course, if you want to live you will let Ryoko 
come with me!"

	"No!" Tenchi said, "I won't let you!"

	"And why not?" Yashito inquired, "You dare to disobey the master?" Tenchi 
blinked.

	"'The master'?" He said, "Who is that?"

	"Why...the master of many of us." Yashito chuckled, "Ryoko, me, Ryuan and 
so many others." He laughed, "So why can't I take Ryoko? Perhaps you'd 
prefer if I took the princesses too? Or maybe take them and Washu?" 
Yashito's grin challenged Tenchi's will, making him fall back a step. 
"Either way..." He added, "You cannot win, boy!" Then Yashito raised his 
hand and a black energy blast shot out from his hand hitting Tenchi in the 
chest and sending him flying. Tenchi yelped and screamed as he skidded 
across the ground. Ayeka, Sasami and Washu gasped in horror.

	"Oh no, Tenchi!" Sasami cried. Ayeka turned towards Yashito.

	"How dare you!" She growled angerly. Yashito laughed maliciously at Ayeka's 
attack. Ayeka clinched her fists, her teeth bared. Yashito's grin did not 
fade, nor would it ever.

	"Oh...I dare, Princess. I dare." He replied, softly, "Do you want to fight 
me?" He advanced towards her, but suddenly, a red blast of energy slammed 
into his left side, making him fall back. He turned to face the new enemy 
with violence, but his hateful frown turned into a smile.

	"Just who I have been looking for..." Yashito nodded at the newcomer. An 
angry Ryoko stood there, her face flared up in a deep red, growling noises 
could be heard coming from the grinding of her teeth.

	"Don't..." She growled, "Don't you EVER hurt MY Tenchi like that!" 
Yashito's smile faded, a look of sadness springs onto his face. He frowned 
at the upset woman.

	"What?" He said, shocked, "You mean, you love this boy? Oh my beloved 
Ryoko, that amnesia of yours is taking quite a toll on you, my poor love." 
Ryoko's eyes popped wide open as did all of the others. "I can't believe 
you'd choose another man over me! Why?" He clasped his hands together and 
put them on his chest.

	"Hey! Wait a second!" Ryoko cried out, her anger reaching the breaking 
point, however Yashito wouldn't listen. He turned his face angerly towards 
Tenchi, who was now back on his feet. His yellow eyes flashed in fury.

	"But don't worry, my dear." He said, "I'll get rid of him so you can return 
to me..." Ryoko's anger broke her limit on overkill. She rushed toward 
Yashito, so angry she wanted to use her nails claw his neck open. Suddenly, 
another blast shot at Yashito, however it was not from Ryoko this time.

	"Hold it, right there!" It was a young woman with a dark tan skin. She wore 
a blue outfit that looked like a uniform of some sort. White gloves on her 
hands, grey sleeves and grey pants. A blue-white collar-vest was worn on her 
top and a matching oval hat was resting on her head of blonde, wavy hair. 
She held out a gun posed on Yashito which had obiviously shot the blast. 
"Freeze, Yashito! You are under arrest!" Her crystal blue eyes flashed.

	"Am I?" Yashito grinned, "Just who are you to say so?"

	"I am First Class Detective Mihoshi of the Galaxy Police!" She explained, 
"Yashito, you are under arrest for murder, robbery and...uh.." She looked up 
into the sky confused, "Oh dear..." She started laughing, stupidly, "I 
forgot! Oh dear me, my!" All eyes went wide in surprise and confusion, even 
Yashito was surprised. He began to speak but, Mihoshi jumped in, "HOLD IT! 
Don't speak! Anything you say can and will be used aganist you in a court of 
law...or..." She paused, "Is that a court of justice...hmmm...well uh..." 
Yashito held out his hand and a gust of wind shot out pushing aganist 
Mihoshi.

	The surprised officer fired blindly at him, but none of the shots hit their 
marks. Suddenly, she slammed into a tree from the force of Yashito's wind, 
knocking her out completely. Yashito turned back to the group and smiled.

	"I deeply apologize for that interruption." He bowed, trying to appear 
humble, "Now where were we?" He noticed Tenchi out of the corner of his eye, 
"Ah, yes! Now I remember!" As soon as the word 'remember' let his lips, an 
arrow made of fine wood shot in front of him. Everyone looked to the roof, 
from where it was shot. They could not make out the person because of the 
glare of the sunlight, but it was obivious who it was. For only one of them 
in the group used a bow and arrow.

	"Am I late?" Link shouted from above as he slid down the roof and flipped 
onto the ground in front of Yashito. Washu chuckled.

	"Oh no! You're not late." She said, " Not at all. The party is just 
starting." Yashito backed away from this newcomer, but he knew Link and Link 
knew him.

	"I had hoped that we would have never seen your ugly face again. You and 
your master!" The Hylian Warrior stood up proudly. Yashito grinned, "Even 
you beat me, you still have to go through my friend." Link reached under his 
hood, "Wake up, Navi." He said, out of his hood popped out a small light. 
Well, it was a light with wings, glowing like a firefly. Tenchi and the 
others let out a surprised gasp when the light spoke.

	"What..?" Said the light, "What is it, Link?"

	"I need your help in another battle, Navi." He replied, the light looked 
toward Yashito.

	"I see...Gotcha covered!" The light fluttered over to Yashito and started 
circling him. Link nocked another arrow and pulled back, this time the 
arrow's tip surrounded itself with a circle of blue light. Magic, most 
likely.  Yashito prepared to block the attack, but Link fired and it was too 
late, the shaft reached it's point and the blue light surrounded Yashito, 
the light, Navi rushed back to Link and the blue light surrounding Yashito, 
entrapped him and froze him in a crystalization of ice.

	"That should hold him." Link said, "Let's get out of here while the getting 
is good!" He added, turning to the others. But before anyone could do 
anything, the ice shattered and a furious Yashito was raising his hands. 
Trying to react, Link began to chant something, but it was too late. A bolt 
of black lightning launched from Yashito's palms and hit Link.

	The young boy screamed in horrifying agony and dropped to the ground, 
grunting and moaning. Washu and Tenchi rushed to his side, while Yashito 
laughed evilly, "Well, well...I do remember you being weak to dark energy, 
Link Stalfos." His grin is absolutely vicious, "You want some more? I'll 
give you some more!"  He readied to fire, but a strong voice broke his 
concentration.

	"That's enough!" Everyone looked towards the porch door, but Sasami is the 
first to cry out.

	"Musashi!" She clasped her hands together and looked with admiring eyes 
towards her hero. Though Musashi was not quite looking himself. The cocky 
smile was gone, his face shown great seriousness and seemed as if he were a 
General in a war. Everyone else, even Ayeka, is relieved to see him.

	"Yashito..." Musashi said as he walked slowly towards the man. Musashi 
stopped in front of Link, he knelt down by his partner and reached into 
Link's pouch. He pulled out a bottle filled with red liquid and he opened 
it. Carefully pouring the liquid down his friend's throat, Musashi returned 
the bottle to the owner and faced Yashito once more.

	"Well..." Yashito nodded and bowed, "It is such a deep honor...to see you 
again, Brave Fencer Musashi." Musashi's expression did not change. "I'm sure 
you'd love to catch up on old times but I have a job to do." Musashi's face 
was stern, he stared at Yashito with a scolding glare.

	"So do I, pal." Musashi answered, "And don't talk to me like that, you 
scum! I ain't yer friend! Nobody is!" He slashed his hand out horizantally 
swiftly, "I'm gunna take you out." Yashito sighed.

	"You want to fight me?" He said innocently, but Musashi wouldn't have it.

	"Don't give me that crap!" Musashi roared like a beast, drawing out Lumina, 
which glowed brightly in a blood-red aura. "You are going *down*! Working 
fer that man...that man who cursed me! How could you? You had a lotta 
potiental ya know!" The enraged fencer spat, Yashito just shook his head. 
Musashi readied himself in fighting stance, but a delicate hand stopped him.

	"No." Ryoko said, "Musashi...Let me handle him." Musashi looked up at 
Ryoko, slightly confused, "Let me handle him...If I get in trouble, you can 
help me. But I think I can handle this." He took his sight off Ryoko, 
Musashi looked at Lumina in his hands and then sheathed the sword. "Thank 
you."

	Ryoko advanced towards Yashito and stopped in front of him. "Alright, you 
bastard!" Ryoko barked, "You want me? Come and get me!" Ryoko readied 
herself. Yashito nodded and prepared to battle. Both stared at each for 
awhile, then one of them made the first move. From his hand, Yashito shot 
out a blast of energy at Ryoko, however Ryoko teleported out of the way and 
behind Yashito.

	"Pretty good." Yashito smiled, suddenly, black energy flowed into his hand 
and formed a ball of black energy, clasping it to create an energy weapon, 
Yashito brought the weapon on Ryoko, "But not good enough!" Ryoko parried 
the attack with her own energy weapon, a sword made from her red energy and 
then flipped back. Then she saw Yashito's weapon, Ryoko began to burst out 
into laughter. It was only a dagger and not a sword like Ryoko's. However, 
his weapon was shaped like a dagger and not like a pole as Ryoko's was. "You 
think this is funny? I've killed millions of people with this dagger."

	With that he dashed at Ryoko attempting to stab her in the stomach however 
Ryoko slided to the side and kicked Yashito in his rib cage. Yashito's 
dagger vanished and he created a ball of black energy in his hand. "Catch, 
Ryoko!" He shouted as flew up into the air and posed his hands in a 'C' 
formation, the ball of energy let lose hundreds of small black lasers at 
Ryoko, who difused her own sword and raised her hands into the air.

	As the black lasers landed on her, everyone watched in amazment as a sphere 
appeared around Ryoko as each one of the beams hit. Ryoko was using her 
energy now to shield herself then to attack. Teleporting above Yashito, 
Ryoko attempted to land her sword on him and slice him in half, however 
Yashito drew out his dagger again and used it to block the oncoming 
onslaught. Ryoko anticapated this and used the little time she had to fire 
an energy blast with both her hands, knocking Yashito back, Ryoko drew out 
her sword and slammed it into his raised dagger.

	Yashito fell and slammed into the ground. Now Ryoko formed an energy ball 
in front of her and cupped her hands like Yashito did. "Come on, Yashito!" 
Ryoko chuckled, "Don't let yourself get down! This will be a blast!" And 
with that hundreds of red lasers rained on Yashito like burning rain from 
her energy ball. He tried to block it but each one hit with a loud 'bang' 
and Yashito found himself clasping his arm in pain. "...a blast or two, that 
is." Ryoko added as she teleported down over Yashito.

	"Ryoko, my love...why?" Yashito whimpered.

	"Oh, don't worry, *honey*," She said, softly, "I won't hurt you..." She 
held out her hand, "...*too much*!" As she said it, she drew out her energy 
sword and slashed him. He let out a scream of pain. and Ryoko examined the 
damage. Yashito had been sliced in half or so it seemed, because all of a 
sudden, his body began to mend back together with some sort of black ooze.

	"I knew it!" Musashi shouted, "He is a shadow being! No wonder Link was so 
weak to his attacks!" Everyone looked at Musashi with confused faces, "Don't 
have time to explain! Ryoko use your strongest energy attack on him before 
he-Oh crap." Yashito, or at least, it was Yashito floated up in a mass of 
black liquid, he smiled evilly.

	"I shall consume you, Ryoko!" He shouted and he sprung for her. Ryoko put 
her hand back. <Don't be afraid...shoot him.> Washu's voice sounded in 
Ryoko's head, <Yes, it's me, Washu. but don't worry about that, destory 
Yashito!> Ryoko was still confused, <RYOKO, NOW!> Ryoko jumped, startled and 
then she shot her hand foreward, a shockwave exploded in front of hand as a 
beam of blood-red energy shot through Yashito, burning him up.

	"Noooo..!" He roared as he melted away into nothing. Ryoko breathed deeply 
and then collapsed on the ground, tired from the massive amount of energy 
she had exposed from the attack.

	"Ryoko!" Tenchi yelled and ran to her side. Musashi walked over to the 
fray. Tenchi kneeled next to the fallen Ryoko

	"Don't worry, she'll be alright." Musashi said, his words echoing in 
Ryoko's mind.

	<No...> Ryoko thought, <No Musashi, I'm not alright...I'll never be 
alright.> Clouds of unconciousness fogged Ryoko's mind. <I won't be 
alright...until I find out...who I am...> Then the darkness of a coma 
overwhelmed her and knocked her out.


	Who are you?

	Where are you going?

	Where have you been?

	What do you do?

	What did you do?

	Who do you love?

	Who do you hate?

	Who are your friends?


	Ryoko opened her eyes, but she was not awake. All she could see was inky 
blackness that blotted out her vision. The questions were still echoing in 
her mind.She tried to feel for something, something familar, anything, 
anything at all that could help restore her memory. Nothing. She knew it. 
The amnesia was too strong now. <Wait!> She thought, a shimmer of light 
appeared in front of her.

	Ryoko tried to go towards it, but she felt as if she was trapped in water, 
unable to move, yet she could breathe perfectly.

	*Ryoko...*

	Ryoko looked around herself, she heard a voice but did not where it came. 
She looked toward that light and began swimming to it. This time, it worked. 
Ryoko found herself moving through the empty space, flowing. Suddenly, the 
light became as bright as day and blinded her.

	"Ryoko!" The voice was clearer now, but she could only recgonize it as a 
woman's voice. The light dimmed and Ryoko's sight was restored. As quickly 
as it had been restored, he became overwhelmed with shock. She looked upon a 
scene, inside a house, one that Ryoko could not recall it's location. There 
was a window near a staircase, all she could see, the sun was shining 
through the window and landed on the floor and illumated it.

	At the window, Ryoko noticed a little girl, about Sasami's age, maybe 
younger, but Ryoko knew this girl from somewhere. She wore a black robe with 
red ribbons. Her hands were small and delicate, then the girl turned her 
head slightly, Ryoko gasped as she saw two golden cat-like eyes inplanted in 
the cutest little face. Her hair was cyan-green and was pulled back and tied 
on the top to her right side. Out the tie streamed thick spikes of hair.

	"Ryoko!" The girl turned and her eyes lit up like a pair of suns. Ryoko's 
own eyes widened and she gasped and she heard the words from the girl's 
mouth.

	"Mommy!"  The girl rushed to the stairs where shadows covered a woman's 
face. Ryoko could not regconize her, but found it strange that would be such 
dark shadows in broad daylight. The girl hugged her mother lovely. "I missed 
you, mommy."

	"I missed you too, little Ryoko." With that the image vanished and was 
replaced by another. Ryoko gasped as she saw Musashi sitting on a crooked 
stool, then out of nowhere, a perfect, realistic image of Ryoko appeared 
next to him. She was smiling with glee as she cackled.

	"I did it!" She laughed, Musashi rolled his eyes, "I just-" Suddenly the 
voice was cut off. A bright flash of light for one second, then Musashi was 
speaking. His face was serious and filled with concern, he was still very 
young, the same age as he was before. The young fencer shook his head at 
Ryoko's image.

	"Ryoko, you should stop that," The flash of light again. "One day you'll 
get caught...you think it won't happen. But one slip up and you'll be locked 
away." Another flash of light. "Why don't you just settle down with a guy or 
something...?" The light flashed again in Ryoko's eyes. The image vanished.

	<What does this mean?> Ryoko thought, <These...these are memories...but 
why-?> Before her tought finished, she blacked out again and drowned in the 
darkness as the light vanished.


	"Ryoko...Ryoko!"

	<No...> Ryoko thought, <No more dreams....Please no...>

	"Ryoko! Wake up!" Ryoko didn't want to, but her eys began to open by 
themselves anyways. She looked and saw the handsome face and brown eyes of 
Tenchi looking at her. "Ryoko?" Ryoko smiled, and Tenchi smiled back. Ryoko 
looked around and pulled herself upright, looking around. She was in one of 
the beds at the inn. The wood and stone walls, paintings, the real world 
that Ryoko was glad to back in.

	Her head hurt immensely, as if someone had slammed it in with a bowling 
ball. She felt a million eyes on her person. At first she thought it was all 
part of the post-coma experience...at least until she saw that everyone was 
peering at her. Musashi. Sasami, Ayeka, Washu, Link, Noboyuki and Katsuhito. 
She then felt something furry slide aganist her leg, making her jump.

	"Miya!" It was only Ryo-ohki, the furry cabbit looked excited and happy to 
she her mistress wide awake. Ryoko smiled and squatted down, picking the 
adorable creature up in her hands. "Miya..." Was the response as Ryoko 
scratched Ryo-ohki's ears.

	"Are you ok, Ryoko?" Sasami asked, Ryoko nodded in response, but then, as 
if on cue, she felt her head pounding like a drum, making her clutch her in 
pain. "Are you sure?" Ryoko nodded again.

	"I...I only have a headache..." Ryoko grunted, "It's nothing...really..." 
Suddenly she heard a sigh behind her, Ryoko turned to look, a woman with 
long wavy blonde hair was lying in the bed next to her. Then Ryoko 
regconized her as the Police officer who had tried to take down Yashito 
earlier.

	Her eyelids opened and revealed two large, round blue eyes. Slowly they 
opened and then blinked to remove the dust from the eyes. She sat up, 
gripping her forehead like Ryoko had been. Then she noticed everyone staring 
at her. She gasped.

	"Oh my gosh!" She said, "I've come in contact with the local people!" Eyes 
went from the police officer to each other, except for Ryoko's, sicne she 
started clutching her head again in pain as the police officer shouted, 
grumbling in annoyance and distaste.

	"Excuse me, Young lady." Ayeka said, very calmly, walking over to the 
overexcited officer, "I don't think we caugth your name quite yet..." She 
looked a bit surprised and embaressed, not noticing the grumbling and 
growling coming from Ryoko as she rubbed her head.

	"Oh, right. I'm sorry, my name is Mihoshi." She got to her feet off the bed 
and bowed, "I was trying to catch that criminal who...Oh no!! Where is he?" 
She shouted again, "What happened to him??" Ryoko rubbed her head, her teeth 
straining as she looked up, her head felt like a giant rash.

	"Could you PLEASE not do that!" The aggravated, spikey haired woman barked, 
"I have a killer headache so please shut up." Musashi chuckled, it had 
seemed the old Ryoko was coming back to them. Mihoshi seemed shocked and a 
bit taken back. Musashi stepped foreward to meet the officer.

	"He's dead." He asnwered her question, she looked at him.

	"Whhaaat!?" She yelled again, now everyone else was starting to get 
headaches too. "But wait! He can't be dead! Yashito must be taken in for 
trail! I can't arrest a dead guy can I?" Musashi rolled his eyes. Everyone 
was rubbing their heads like Ryoko was a few minutes ago.

	"Look," He explained, a little annoyed at the extreme volume that this 
officer could produce, "Considering the circumstances, he had to be 
destroyed. Understand?" He suddenly found Mihoshi staring at him, "What?"

	"Are you...?" She asked, pointing to him, "Are you 'Brave Fencer Musashi'?" 
Musashi felt himself flush. He sighed and nodded, "Oh wow! Can I have your 
autograph!?" She said,excitedly, almost too close to yelling. Musashi backed 
away a bit.

	"Um...I guess..but uh..." He turned to Tenchi, "Don't we have to leave 
soon? Like now?" Tenchi nodded.

	"Yeah," Tenchi agreed, "We have been here longer than we should be." 
Suddenly, he found Mihoshi right beside him gazing dreamily. "Uh..." Tenchi 
tried to back away but found another bed in the way, he was cornered.

	"Oh please.." She whimpered, her hands cupped, "My spaceship was destroyed 
by Yashito and I know one else on this planet! Take me with you..." Tenchi 
scratched his head, he looked side to side and saw the firey glares of anger 
growing in Ryoko and Ayeka.

	"Well...I guess..." He looked at his Grandfather who nodded, then Tenchi 
looked to his dad, who grinned and gave Tenchi a thumps-up sign with his 
hand. Ayeka couldn't see it, but Ryoko could and it infuriated her, it 
appeared that she had forgotten about the headache. "Sure you can come..."

	"Oh thank you!" She cried, blushing heavily and then hugging Tenchi in 
thanks. Tenchi wished with full sincerenity that she hadn't done that. 
Because at that moment Ayeka and Ryoko were on her like vicious dogs. They 
dashed over, looking hysteric and frantic.

	"Hey, now!" Ayeka yelled at her, "What do you think you are doing with Lord 
Tenchi!?" Mihoshi didn't seem to be shaken by Ayeka's thunder.

	"Oh!" She said, "Is that his name? Oh what a nice name! Tenchi....I like 
it!" Ayeka felt as if she were about to strangle the officer with her bare 
hands but Ryoko knocked to the side, her face vicious and intent with harm.

	"You! Listen to me!" Ryoko snarled, "Don't even *think* of laying your 
hands on *my* Tenchi!" She said as she ripped Mihoshi's hands from Tenchi, 
who buried his face in his hands in annoyance and despair. <Not this again> 
He thought, mournfully. "Not while I'm around." Ayeka got up and faced 
Ryoko.

	"'Your Tenchi'!?" She barked at Ryoko, "He was never yours!" Soon the two 
began throwing insults and retorts at each other. Who ever thought that 
verbal arguements could get so violent without actions? The lightning once 
again sprung from their eyes, meeting at the center again.

	Musashi laughed and turned to Link, "It's like living in Hyrule with yer 
girlfriends, Link! Always fightin'..." Link nodded.

	"Oh, yeah."
