Chapter 2: No Need for a Return
By: UltraOverMind
email: aegisrunestone@hotmail.com
http://envy.nu/uom/index.html


	It had been two days since Ayeka and Sasami had left Tenchi's home. The two 
Jurian Princesses were finally at the gates of the house. They were greeted 
cheerily by their Guardians, Azaka and Kamidake, two large log-like beings 
who don't look much, but are very powerful.

     	"Good morning, Princess Ayeka!" Azaka says exactly, "It's good to see 
that you've returned home."

     	"Yes, " Kamidake adds, "It is also good to see you too, Princess 
Sasami." Sasami let out a smile that would've brighten the darkest night. 
"How was your visit to the city?"

     	"It was very nice." Ayeka responded. Sasami jumped into the 
conversation too.

     	"I loved the ice cream they had there!" Sasami said excitedly, "It was 
so delicious!" Ayeka smiled at her younger sister, the eleven year-old was 
so bright and cheerful almost all the time.

     	It was just up the path, Tenchi's house. It was a large, beautiful 
white house with a cherry-red roofing. It had at least three floors and an 
attic. Bright blue windows could be seen at often at either side of the 
Masaki house, with wooden shutters carefully placed at either sides of the 
windows. Ayeka actually deemed it to be greater than any Jurian Palace.

     	Ayeka made her up the steps of the porch and knocked on the door.


     	Tenchi heard a loud knock on the door, probably Katsuhito coming to 
take him to lessons early
today.

     	"I'm coming!" Tenchi said, as another loud knock comes the door. He 
opens the door and
standing there is a beautiful woman with lovely rose-red eyes and long, 
shimmering purple hair. "Oh, Ayeka! I thought you were grandpa." Tenchi 
scratched the back of his head and smiled, "Oh, hi Sasami.". Tenchi noticed 
the young eleven year-old princess standing next to Ayeka. She had beautiful 
shining cyan hair, which went well with her pink eyes. A few freckles had 
been dotted over Sasami's face and nose. To top it off, Sasami had the most 
cheerful smile of any person that Tenchi had met. She
was a rather cute little girl.

     	"Hi Tenchi!" Sasami said excitedly, "How are you?"

     	"I'm doing fine, Sasami." Tenchi responded, "How was the city, Ayeka?"

     	"Not bad." Ayeka replied, "though I prefer the country side to the 
city. It's...well... rather dirty in the city." Ayeka's smile had vanished, 
"I found it a little difficult to breathe."

     	"Hmmm..." Tenchi's face slightly twisted into a frown, "That's too 
bad, Ayeka. Well.. Why don't you come in?" Tenchi lead the two princesses 
in. As he was about to speak, he was interrupted by another voice.

     	"Tenchiiiii!" It was Ryoko, she had finally woken up.

     	<Oh no...What does she want now?> Tenchi thought, horribly. She had 
just arrived yesterday and she had amnesia. Tenchi only learned yesterday 
how flirtatious Ryoko was. He especially didn't want Ayeka to get any ideas.

     	"Who?" Ayeka said, suddenly confused.

     	"Eh heh heh...Um..." Tenchi could feel a large sweatdrop pouring down 
the back of his head, "Ayeka, we...um...got..a...uh...guest yesterday." 
Sasami looked up curiously, "Who, Tenchi?"

     	Before Tenchi could react, Sasami's question was answered.

     	Out of nowhere appeared a woman with long, cyan-green spikey hair and 
golden-cat light-eyes. She appeared right behind Tenchi and wrapped her arms 
tightly around his neck.

     	"Good morning, Tenchi!"

     	"Good morning, Ryoko." Tenchi sighed, Ryoko could teleport to any 
place she has been, making escape from her very difficult. On top of that, 
she could also walk through the walls. <what a woman...> Tenchi thought.

     	"Wha!?" Ayeka almost screamed, "Who? Who is this, Tenchi?" Ayeka 
suddenly got calm. But
Tenchi had learned long ago that Ayeka's anger was a force not to be messed 
with. Tenchi could already tell from being with her, that Ryoko would be the 
type of the person that would be in the range of triggering that anger at 
any moment with ease.

     	"Oh! Well, um Ayeka." Tenchi's face was soaking from the sweat rolling 
down his face, "This is Ryoko, she just arrived yesterday and she says she 
has amnesia."

     	"Hello." Ryoko greeted the young princess with not much enthusiasm. 
The princess, however looked shocked.

     	"Your...your name is Ryoko??" Ayeka seemed shocked, as if she knew 
her.

     	"So, uh, Ryoko?" Tenchi inquiry almost startled the golden-eyed 
beauty. "What was it that you needed?"

     	"Well...I wanted to know...." Ryoko let go of her grip on Tenchi. Her 
face full with seriousness. And her eyes closed  "Did you...." Her eyes 
opened with a wild fierceness, "sneak up on me last night?" Tenchi almost 
face-faulted and collapsed.

     	"Wha-" Ayeka and Tenchi almost stammered in unison, "What do you mean 
by  sneaking up'?" They both said, as Ryoko revealed a brown sphere about 
the size of a bowling ball.

     	"Um...Ryoko what is that?" Tenchi asked, almost fearing the answer. 
Ryoko merely smiled.

     	"My guess is, its an egg." Ryoko said, almost not being able to 
control her excitement. "Why? Because I found it near my stomach when I 
awoke this morning." Ryoko then noticed the shocked look on Ayeka's and 
Tenchi's face. "So I suppose you now know what I mean by  sneaking up on me. 
Don't you, *Tenchi*...*Daddy*..."

     	Both Ayeka and Tenchi face-fault and collapse on the floor. Sasami 
however, is very happy.

     	"Congratulations, Tenchi!" She smiles, clapping. Ayeka on the other 
hand is upset.

     	"WAIT A SECOND!" Her red-eyes are burning red-hot with anger, "Do you 
REALLY think that's your CHILD!?"

     	Ryoko looked shocked, "My gosh, how can you be so cruel? Its obviously 
my baby." Ryoko said calmly and almost convincingly like a politician. But 
Ayeka was not convinced.

     	"A normal woman..." She stated, "Would NOT have an egg for a baby!!" 
Her face flustered with anger. Tenchi seemed to be out of place.

     	"Uh...girls?" He says, trying to catch their attention. "Hello? Can 
you please stop? My grandpa might hear!" But his attempts were in vain, 
since the girls seemed to have blocked him from their senses.

     	However, before the bloodshed began, a small wiggling noise came from 
Ryoko's egg. It started moving softly, but soon it was violently wobbling 
around in her hands. Every living thing in that room had to its attention 
glued to that single orb.

     	"Wha..." Ayeka started, "What is happening to it?" Ryoko shook her 
head.

     	"I.." She stammers, trying to control the egg's movements without much 
success, "I don't know..." Ayeka frowned at Ryoko.

     	"You don't know!?" She said, "Isn't *your* egg?"

     	"Well, I suppose...But..." Ryoko said, " I don't know how it works." 
Ayeka thought she could faint. She gritted her teeth in disbelief. Suddenly, 
before any other word could be spoken, The egg cracked and jumped out of 
Ryoko's hands, scaring the daylights out of Sasami, Ryoko, Ayeka and Tenchi. 
Another cracking sound went off and the cracked again. All eyes peeled on 
the egg to see its next move. Then...it shattered. Gasps of wonder and 
amazement filled the empty places of the room. After a few seconds, Sasami 
let out a gasp of joy.

     	"Miyaaa...." The sound escaped the mouth of brown furry animal that 
had been encased in the egg. The sound let all the people in the room that 
the hatching process had made the animal very tried. It was a strange 
animal. With long ears, a bushy tail and big feet like a rabbit, yet the 
face of a cat. "Miyaaa..." It repeated the same sound it made before.

     	"Oh!" Sasami excitedly said, "It's sooo cute!" She let out a couple of 
giggles.

     	"Yeah." Tenchi said in agreement, "but...what *is* it?" Ryoko walked 
over to the animal and picked it up. "Uh...Ryoko?"

     	"Now I remember...." She said, "Ryo-ohki...that's it! You're Ryo-ohki! 
I remember now!" A smile was spread over her face.

     	"Do you mean..." Tenchi began, "that you have got your memory back, 
Ryoko?" Ryoko turned to him.

     	"Um...I don't think so, but I remember some now...but not a lot." She 
replied scratching her head, "I still don't remember who I am." Tenchi 
shrugs. "Besides I think I understand now, you see she is my spaceship."

     	"She?" Tenchi said in disbelief, "Spaceship?"

     	"Ryo-ohki is my spaceship." Ryoko said more clearly.

     	"You mean..." Tenchi asked, " She can turn into a spaceship??" Tenchi 
eyes were filled with doubt, and surprise. Ryoko grinned proudly at Tenchi's 
reaction.

     	"Just as I thought." Tenchi turned to hear Ayeka say, "She is the 
child of Ryo-ohki. When your spaceship was destroyed.."

     	"It reproduced itself." Ryoko finished Ayeka's sentence, looking at 
Ryo-ohki and petting her. "Well, I guess it was kinda disappointment." Ayeka 
looks at Ryoko with a baffled face, "I mean, I guess Tenchi *didn't* sneak 
up on me last night...drat."

     	Ayeka's face flustered. "Why...you..!" But then she calmed herself. 
"Tenchi, can I talk with you?" Tenchi looked at her. She nodded to him and 
he nodded to her. They headed upstairs to a room. "Excuse us, but I need to 
talk to Lord Tenchi, alone."

     	"Don't do anything to him." Ryoko smirked. Ayeka threw a slightly 
twisted face at Ryoko.


     	<Great...> Ayeka thought, <I guess that pirate really does have 
amnesia...>

     	"Lady Ayeka?" Tenchi asked, startling her, "What did you need to talk 
to me about?" Ayeka sat down in chair.

     	"It's about Ryoko, Lord Tenchi." Ayeka explained as Tenchi sat down in 
a chair across from her. "I know all about Ryoko...Because I knew her."

     	"Oh, maybe you could help restore her memory?" Tenchi asked.

     	"Now, wait." Ayeka stopped him, "She's a space pirate, Lord Tenchi. 
She is one of the most wanted in the Galaxy. She is extremely dangerous." 
Ayeka noticed the slightly alarmed look on Tenchi's face, "But..she has 
amnesia. I didn't believe it. But she was too convincing...It also would not 
be good to try to restore her memory."

     	"Um...why's that?" Tenchi asked.

     	"Well..." Ayeka continued, "It's because some amnesia victims are too 
sensitive, if someone tries to jog their memory, they could receive some 
damage to their brain."

     	"So..." Tenchi scratches his head, "It's bad if we try to help her..."

     	"Well...maybe she deserves it from all the pain she's caused..." Ayeka 
mused to herself, not realizing Tenchi could hear her.

     	"No, Ayeka." Tenchi said, "I don't think that's right. Everyone 
deserves a second chance..."

     	"I'm sorry." Ayeka replied, "I was talking to myself. I never really 
would do such a thing."

     	"I hope not." Tenchi nodded, his face looking a bit worried.

     	"Ayeka!" Tenchi and Ayeka turned their heads sharply. "Breakfast is 
ready!" It's Sasami. Ayeka puts on a worried face.

     	"She finished making breakfast already?" She wondered.

     	"I'll say," Tenchi smiles, "Your sister can really cook. Besides, I'm 
starved! Let's go eat
breakfast."

     	Ayeka nods and they head down for breakfast.
