Disclaimer:  I do not own any of the Tenchi Muyo! Mizuki and Kusumi are part 
of the Tenchi Muyo! Gang(In Tenchi Muyo! RPG for SNES) Characters shown in 
this fic. they belong to the great people at AIC and Pioneer. Brave Fencer 
Musashi, Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy ideas/characters are Square's 
property. Other Squaresoft Characters from their games will make appearances 
and belong to Square. However, My incarnation of Musashi is mine. Breath of 
Fire characters and ideas are owned by Capcom. Ys ideas and Characters 
belong to Falcom. Lance Hakubi is an idea of a friend of mine, he does not 
belong to me, but to my friend(You can email him comments about Lance at 
lancehakubi@aol.com). If  you sue me, you'll regret it. Both of my parents 
are lawyers, plus I have no money. Suing me wouldn't be very helpful to your 
piggy bank. Thank you and enjoy 'Uneasy World'!

Tenchi Muyo!: Uneasy World
by: UltraOverMind
email: aegisrunestone@hotmail.com
http://envy.nu/uom/index.html

Chapter 1: No Need for Amnesia


	Finally, she opened her eyes...

	Her head and body hurt all over, like all of her muscles had been ripped 
apart and all her bones broken into thousands of pieces. The pain was too 
great for Ryoko. She thought her brain has been ripped in half. What 
happened? She tried to remember, but it hurt her head.

	Then it struck her. Besides the fact that she couldn't remember what 
happened...she couldn't remember almost anything! <Why can't I 
remember...Who am I? I'm Ryoko. But who's Ryoko? What do I do for a 
living...I...I can't remember...> Those words ran like water through her 
head. The horrid feeling covered her like cold ice.

	Ryoko had lost her memory.


	"What do you mean, you lost her?" A dark, ominous figure from the throne 
asked with cold, malicous voice, "You lost Ryoko? You fool!" On his knees, 
in front of the figure was a black-haired man wearing red and white battle 
suit, with purple eyes, filled with the terror of a thousand nightmares.

	"P-p-please...Master...My stun rays didn't work on Ryo-ohki! I had to shoot 
Ryoko down!" The man shook fearfully in front of the figure.

	"No! I want Ryoko alive...She is probably dead now thanks to you, you 
muddling moron!" The figure moved closer to the man. "And now, you will join 
her, you failure." The man's purple eyes went into complete panic. He bowed 
deeper, worshiping the figure like a god.

	"No master! Give me another chance!" He cried, as the figure raised a hand, 
covered in a white glove, "Please master! Please!!" Green energy shoots into 
the gloves palm and forms a green ball close to it. "NO! MASTER! HAVE MERCY! 
I WILL FIND RYOKO FOR YOU!" The figure doesn't answer and green blast fires 
from his palm.

	Screaming fills the air, screaming of death, agony, pain, despair and 
defeat. Then there is silence.

	Where the black-haired man was, there is now a black crater, and nothing 
more. The figure moves steadily back to his throne. And snaps his fingers. 
"Yashito! Come to your master!"

	Suddenly, he appears out of nowhere. A flaming-red haired man with yellow 
eyes. His dark face scarred from battles he previously fought and won. 
Wearing a red bandana and blue and green battle suit, he kneels in the 
figure's presence.

	"Yes master?" He asks, humbly.

	"Ah, Yashito...My most precious servant."

	"I take it from the screaming that Ryuan has failed to capture Ryoko." 
Yashito assumes.

	"Yes. The fool. From this, you can probably guess why I called you, my 
child." The figure's voice was still cold and malicous. His eyes were 
glowing an evil green, but it did not intimidate Yashito.

          	"Yes, master. I'll bring Ryoko to you, dead or alive." Yashito 
replied.

	"Good, Head for the third planet of this star system, that's where Ryo-ohki 
crashed." An image of a green, blue planet  with swirling white clouds 
appeared on the screen. "I also want you to bring Ryo-ohki, or her child.".

	"Yes, master. I will not fail you." And with that, Yashito vanished as 
quickly as he had
appeared.

	The figure rises from his throne and snaps his fingers again. "Kusumi! 
Come!"

	A blue-haired woman in a red science-academy uniform appears from the 
corner. "You called, master?" Her crystal blue eyes shimmer behind her 
rectangular glasses.

	"Yes I did. How goes the search for Washu?" The figure doesn't even look at 
Kusumi.

	"Mizuki is already looking in this star system. Since this is a small one, 
it shouldn't be long before Mizuki returns with our scientist." Kusumi 
smiles wickedly.

	"Good, Kusumi. I am very pleased with your work. I have another chore for 
you." Kusumi's
smile fades and she looks towards the figure, raising an eyebrow, "I've sent 
Yashito to return Ryoko, if
she is still in good shape from Ryuan's foolishness. If Yashito fails or 
does not return, I need you to send Mizuki to get Ryoko for me."

	"Of course master. Anything else?"

	"Nothing more, for now. You are dismissed."

	"Yes master."


	Ryoko couldn't believe it! Ryo-ohki is such a mess! Her poor spaceship, a 
brown, crystal-winged ship with a pink orb in the middle. But Ryo-ohki was 
no normal ship, she could turn into a brown-furred cabbit, a cross between a 
rabbit and a cat. But, now Ryoko was looking at a brown shattered junk pile, 
with a cracked orb in the middle of it all.

	Ryoko had just remembered that she can fly, teleport, use energy attacks, 
split her matter in any way she wanted and form energy swords into her 
hands. She began to wonder if everyone could do this. It was hard for her to 
remember.

	Ryoko flew upwards to see what was ahead. She would need a place to sleep, 
food and water. But where? In the distance, she could see a house on the 
corner of a lake in the woods. Behind the house was more woods and a path 
leading up the mountains, Ryoko couldn't see where the long path lead for it 
was swallowed up in the mountains.

	The house would be a good place to stay, if the residents allowed it.


	<Why do I have to do all the chores around here?> Tenchi Masaki thought as 
he swept the path to his home free of dirt. He was always doing the chores. 
His father, Noboyuki, was either sleeping or looking at Hentai and his 
grandfather, Katsuhito, was always meditating or teaching Tenchi at lessons. 
He could at least do some chores during the summer! What Tenchi needed was 
some help.

	Suddenly, Tenchi heard something, the sound of rustling leaves coming from 
the woods. Probably Noboyuki trying to scare him again. Tenchi just 
continued with his work ignoring the approaching person. The foot-steps came 
closer, and so came the voice.

	But it was not Noboyuki's voice.

	"Excuse me?" A beautiful female voice rang out like a lovely bell's chime. 
The lovely sound, softly flowing through Tenchi's ears, "Can you help me?" 
Tenchi looked up and his jaw almost dropped.

	There, standing right in front of him was a beautiful young lady, with long 
spikey, cyan hair, or was it green, no, it was a cyan-green color. Tenchi 
was especially attracted by the young lady's gold eyes. She wore a green top 
and long skirt with a slip up the front and back, revealing nothing. Around 
her waist was a fine black belt and on her top, she wore a pink vest. He was 
so enticed by her, that he forgot that she asked for help.

	"Um...Hello?" She asked again, Tenchi jumped, startled.

	"Oh! Eh...hi."

	"Are you alright?"

	"Oh yes." Tenchi flushes bright red, "Is there something I can do for you?"

	"Yes!" Suddenly, the girl flung her arms around Tenchi's neck, smiling.

	"Dah! Hey!" Tenchi shouted, "What are you doing?" Try as Tenchi could, he 
couldn't break free from the embrace. The girl was amazingly strong.

	"Help me! My spaceship crashed and I-" Tenchi cut the young lady off.

	"Spaceship!? You're pulling my leg, aren't you?" The lady let go of Tenchi. 
But he wasn't out of the heartattack zone yet. The woman surprisingly flew 
upwards and floating, gently, a few feet off the ground. Tenchi thought he 
was going to pass out. <Not more aliens!> He thought.

	"No, I'm not pulling your leg." The woman replied, "Listen, I hit my head 
very hard when I crashed and..I can't really remember anything. Maybe all 
except my name." The woman caught Tenchi's shocked expression, "What's 
wrong?"

	"Y-you're flying." Tenchi said, stammering.

	"What? Can't you do this?" The woman asked.

	"No!"

	"Funny." The woman looked up into the sky, confused. "I thought everyone 
could do this..."

	Tenchi was about to fall over. <No way...> He thought, <This has gotta be a 
dream.>

	"Well..." The woman said, looking down at him, "Are you going to help me?"

	"Hmm?"  Then Tenchi remembered that she had said that she couldn't remember 
anything. "I think I know whats wrong with you." She looked eagerly at 
Tenchi."You have Amnesia."

	"But isn't that where you can't remember anything at all?" She said 
doubtfully.

	"Well, yeah, but..." Tenchi tried to find an answer but she cut him off 
before he could speak.

	"I can remember my name..." Ryoko countered.

	"Well, that's natural, everyone usually can remember their name after 
having Amnesia for a few hours." Tenchi smiled, he was getting used to her 
flying, "So, what is your name, anyways?"

	"I'm Ryoko." She replied getting close to him and locking eyes with him, 
"Whats your name?" Her voice didn't sound sweet anymore, more seductive now. 
Tenchi could feel a sweatdrop going down his face.

	"Errr...I'm Tenchi Masaki. Nice to meet you, Ryoko." Tenchi forced a weak 
smile, "Well, you said your spaceship crashed right? Now that I think about 
it, that does make sense." The smile vanishes from Ryoko's face, she gives 
Tenchi a look of concern. "Last night, I heard an explosion coming from the 
woods. There was a bright red light that flashed in the woods. Maybe that 
was your ship."

	"In the night??" Ryoko looked shocked, "Was I out for that long?"

	"Maybe." Tenchi watched the pondering Ryoko move into a cross-legged 
sitting postion except she was still floating. "Say, Ryoko." Ryoko looks up 
at Tenchi, "Do you need a place to stay? You could stay at our place."

	"Oh yes! Thank you! That would make very happy." She suddenly vanished, and 
then Tenchi heard a strange noise behind him, suddenly two arms reached out 
and grabbed him from behind. It was Ryoko. "That would make me *very* happy, 
indeed."

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Side Notes: * = Emphysis on a word
< and > is for thoughts.
If you'd like to read more of my fan fics, just email me and I'll either 
send you a copy of the Fan fic, or
lead you to a website which has the fan fic online. Please send me comments 
on this fic! Thanx -UltraOverMind
