Chapter 5: No Need for a Fencing Partner
By: Andrew "UltraOverMind" S.
email: aegisrunestone@hotmail.com
http://envy.nu/uom/index.html

	A few weeks later...

	Tenchi and his group of ladies, a fencer and two old men, who Tenchi 
referred to as his 'father' and 'grandfather', arrived at the place. It was 
a long house in the mountains. With many rooms and corridors and hallways. 
The whole thing was impossible to see with different sections, this home was 
a inn for travelers. There were lots of trees around, a beatiful front lawn 
with bushes guarding the sides of a stone-tiled sidewalk leading up to the 
front porch. Tenchi and his folks usually visited this place. However, this 
year would be different, Tenchi would have guests accompanying him. Many 
guests.

	Noboyuki stopped the car in front of the inn. He smiled at his son, Tenchi 
though, knew waht his father was thinking. The word ran through his mind 
like a hamster on a spinning wheel. <Pervert...> Tenchi thought, <He is 
gunna stare at them all day...> They were going to do many things here at 
the inn, since they were staying for about a week, they would play games, 
hang out and of course, swim.

	According to the girls, they had brought their best swimsuits, and of 
course, Noboyuki had brought his camera. And of course, his peeping attire, 
a towel which went around his face and tied two strands of cloth under his 
nose to keep it from bleeding when he peeped. Tenchi disapproved of this in 
every way, but his dad insisted on doing it. Tenchi decided on not arguing 
with his dad, but instead on letting it go, as long as he wasn't linked with 
his Father's habits, Tenchi would be happy.


	The door of van swung open and out popped a little cyan pigtail haired girl 
with pink eyes wearing a fine robe with a black ribbon on the back. Sasami 
turned and yelled into the car, "Ayeka! Musashi! We're here! Come on out!" 
Ayeka stepped out, wearing a green-brown and grey robe. She was followed by 
a young very long, spikey blue haired boy, with a cocky smirk on his face, 
he winked at Sasami as he got out.

	"Sasami," Ayeka scolded, "You shouldn't be yelling like that...it's not 
good manners." However, Sasami hardly listened and tuggled on her sister's 
hand urging her to come with Sasami. Musashi followed, putting his hands 
behind the back of his head as he walked. He was wearing his regular white 
karate gi attire, on his back it's great red sheath, hung Lumina, Musashi's 
large sword, and strapped to his back in a X-formation were his two small 
katanas, Fusion and Dragon Edge. He wore small brown sandals and white socks 
to cover his feet.

	"Oh come on, Ayeka." Musashi said, "Let the girl have some fun without ya 
scolding 'er." Sasami and Ayeka stopped in front of small pond, Musashi 
finished his sentence as he approached them, "I mean, she is only excited to 
be here." Ayeka gave Musashi a disapproving look, Musashi looked back to see 
Ryo-ohki jumping out of the van to follow Sasami.

	"I suppose, but she doesn't need to show it by yelling." Ayeka retorts, 
Musashi's only reply is a shrug. The front door on the driver's side of the 
van opens up and Noboyuki walks out, wearing a blue suitjacket and a white 
collared shirt. He is greeted by an elderly lady, who is a hostess of the 
inn, she has light grey hair and wore a white robe.

	"Ah, Noboyuki!" She smiled, "Welcome to my inn. My, you have big party this 
year." Noboyuki replied with a "yeah", the hostess added, looking over at 
Ayeka And Sasami "Tell me, are they all Tenchi's girlfriends?" Noboyuki lost 
a little bit of his smile.

	"Well...um..." He hesitiated, "We're not really sure at the moment...please 
bare with us." At that moment, Washu busted out of the van, her spikey pink 
hair flying everywhere. Wearing a black, white and brown gown and fine black 
and gold she walked out onto the tiled sidewalk.

	"Hey, everybody!" She smiled from ear to ear, cheerfully, her emerald eyes 
shimmerimg brightly. The hostess gave a little strange look to Noboyuki, who 
just grinned while on the back of his head a large sweatdrop hanged down 
from his head. "I'm ready for swimming! Oh yeah!"

	Meanwhile, Tenchi got out of the car and opened up the trunk. After taking 
one glance at the contents inside, Tenchi made a moan of annoyance. "Aw, 
man! Why do girls have so much stuff?" he complained as his eyes examined, 
woefully, the tall piles of baggage and luggage stacked neatly on top of 
each other. He procedded to pick up two suitcases, he turned left, carrying 
them in his arms. Then something heavy appeared out of nowhere and landed on 
the suitcases, increasing their indeterminable weight by two fold. Tenchi 
looked up.

	Two golden cat-like eyes stared back at him. It was Ryoko, she had 
teleported onto the suitcases and was smiling cheerfully. Wearing her blue 
and brown striped sweat-suit, that had a long skirt, with her light-green 
and pink lined robe on top of the sweatsuit, her hand was on his right 
shoulder. "May I lend you a hand?" She said, flirtiously, yet trying to seem 
polite. Tenchi took it the wrong way.

	"Hey!" He shouted at her, "Get off, it's heavy enough as it is." But Ryoko 
just smiled and leaned towards him. Her eyes seemed to flicker.

	"Oh..." She said, "but Tenchiiiii, I want to talk to you about 
something..."

	"Hmmm..?" Tenchi asked, "About what?" Ryoko smirked and leaned even closer 
to him...As if to kiss him. "Heeeey! Now!" He shouted leaning back, "Now, 
listen Ryoko, this isn't my home so act normal, ok? We come here every year 
so I don't want you scaring the hostesses." Ryoko only nodded and made 
'mmm...hmm...' sounds in reply, in such a way that showed Tenchi that she 
was not paying attention. "WELL ANYWAYS!" Tenchi said, throwing her off the 
suitcases. She still held a grip to it and bounced onto the ground with her 
on top of it. Her face lost of her beautiful traits, jealously and slight 
annoyance only survived. "I want you to behave yourself!"

	"Why are you only telling this to me, Tenchi?" She said, Tenchi didn't 
notice it at first, but Ryoko now had a tail on her backside, a beautiful 
black tail, but it was flickering wildly and going straight with it's hair 
standing on end. Obiviously, Ryoko was annoyed. "I knew it! I'll bet you 
have been flirting with Ayeka, haven't you?" Tenchi tried to protest but 
suddenly Ryoko teleported, Tenchi heard the sound of her reappearance next 
to him and he looked behind him to see Ryoko floating in the air side-ways, 
still in the same cross-legged postion as when she was on the suitcase. "Why 
her?" She asked, her tone of voice serious, "I'm MUCH more fun to be with 
than *her*!" Ryoko spat it as if it were an insult or some hideous creature.

	Tenchi waved his hands at her, a bit worried, "Oh, come on now, Ryoko! Get 
down, someone might see you!" Ryoko flied over to Tenchi, grabbing him by 
the neck and swinging around him.

	"Oh, Tenchi..." She said, her eyes looking pitiful while she had a begging 
tone of voice and smile on her face, "I want you to flirt with *me*, too." 
Tenchi just grabbed her arm.

	"Oh, be serious, Ryoko." Tenchi said, pulling her off his neck and throwing 
herself forward, gentily. Ryoko caught herself and floated back into her 
cross-legged postion, looking more discouraged than ever.

	"Fine, " She growled, "You can flirt with Ayeka but not me! *hmph*!" She 
held her head high and teleported away. Tenchi sighed, but soon the luggage 
fled on top of him and piled on him in the trunk. It took him a second to 
realize Ryoko had used her powers to pile up the luggage on him.

	"What does she want from me?" Tenchi asked himself, pushing the luggage 
off. He heard a cocky voice answer him from outside.

	"Most likely, your body. " Musashi said, the young blue-haired fencer 
grabbed a suitcase off of Tenchi to help him out. "I mean, knowing Ryoko." 
Tenchi nodded, "Which of these are Sasami's?" He asked politely. Tenchi 
smirked and pointed to the suitcase the fencer pulled out and another one on 
Tenchi.

	<Musashi never seems to have any problems talking to girls.> Tenchi 
thought, <He is always doing something or other for Sasami, and he always 
knows what to say to her. I wonder if he could teach me how to be like that. 
Then I could at least get my point through to Ryoko and Ayeka when needed.> 
Musashi helped Tenchi out of his pile of bags. After Tenchi was out, he and 
Musashi heard the girls calling them to hurry.

	"Yeah, " Musashi called back, squating down to pick up Sasami's luggage, 
"we'll be there in a se..." Suddenly Musashi stopped, his eyes narrowed, 
"Tenchi, step towars the car." Tenchi looked confused and ready to protest, 
but Musashi shook his head quickly and Tenchi obeyed.

	Sasami was about to ask what was wrong, when suddenly Musashi yelled "Get 
Down!!", He leaned back as a shiny projectile shot forward and missed him by 
an inch. It stopped, it was a bladed missile with a tight and long chain 
connected to the end, in fact it was still tight, so whoever shoot it was 
still holding it. Suddenly, the sound of chain being winded up could be 
heard and a green shadow appeared out of the trees at high speeds, whatever 
it was, it was being pulled by the chain. Musashi could see the faint 
shimmer of a sword being held in the left hand of the attacker.

	Musashi drew out Fusion, it's blade glimmering with a cyan aura. As the 
attacker arrived he clashed together with the oncoming weapon. The swords 
rang like church bells as they clashed together. Suddenly, the hook of the 
chain retracted and returned to it's owner who flipped backwards in the air 
in repeating summersaluts. Finally the green figure landed and reveals 
himself.

	It's a boy, who looks to be about Musashi's age, he wore a green tunic 
which went just above his knees. He wore fine brown leather boots of the 
adventurer and wanderer. Across his waist was a red and green belt and 
across his chest diagonally, was a brown leather strap, which held the 
blue-gold sheath for his small sword on his back. In his left hand, he held 
a small sword, probably considered to be more like a dagger, which had a 
golden square hilt and golden handle which had a blue tip at the end. In his 
right arm, he carried a white, iron shield, on which had three golden 
triangles marked on it, closely together and the shape of a bird in red. The 
shield was hexagonal in shape, however the bottom sides were curved to a 
bottom point. His blonde hair could be seen slightly under the large, yet 
well-fitting green hood. Muscles could be seen in the arms and legs of the 
boy, powerful yet small muscles. The boy's crystal blue stared at Musashi as 
he stood in fighter stance with his shield in front of him.

	"So...it's you..." Musashi says, the boy nodds, "Looking fer more trouble, 
eh?" The boy grins, and replies with a young and courageous voice.

	"I guess you could say that..." He nodded again, "It's been awhile, 
Musashi." Musashi gripped Fusion, "I see...well then let's duel!" Musashi 
narrowed his eyes.

	"Bring it on, pal!" Musashi retorted, sounded the start of the battle. Both 
fencers started yelling war-cry like wails and dash at each other, passing 
each other as the sound of their blades clashed together, they stopped, but 
only to begin their next move. Without blinking, the green-clothed boy was 
on the offensive with Musashi, both fencers slashing at top speed that was 
almost impossible to follow.

	Amazingly, the boy held his own aganist the universal fencing champion 
rather well. Even when Musashi drew out Dragon Edge and used in coordiation 
with Fusion, the boy still held up aganist Musashi heavy blows. They threw 
techinques at each other, their shouts and crys being drowned out the 
ringing of the blades aganist each other. The boy then, jumped back and spun 
around with his sword to make a slashing wave that nearly missed Musashi by 
a hair as the blue-haired warrior blackflipped away from the slash.

	The boy brought his sword down on Musashi, who brought Fusion block, the 
swords clanged loudly, Musashi drew out Lumina and used the force of the 
block as an attack. Musashi wung Lumina down onto the boy, who backflipped 
in return, as Lumina's blade smashed into the ground, a large wave of red, 
flamming energy jumped out of the sword and onto the ground, the energy 
vanished and there was a black crater where it had laid.

	The boy did not seem surprised and instead he grinned and brought his sword 
back, readying himself for another spin attack. However, this time the boy 
stood there, suddenly his sword lighted up, surrounded by a small funnel of 
blue energy, after a few seconds, it turned orange. Musashi double 
backflipped back as the boy unleashed a spinning fury with his sword in 
which the energy reached out a few feet farther around the sword's radius of 
the spin.

	Musashi found himself under a rage of vicious sword-blows, one after 
another. The two fencers seemed to have an endless amount of energy and 
neither of them seemed to be ready to give up. Tenchi, wide-eyed and amazed 
at the young fencers' abilites, stared like nothing else. Ryoko, Ayeka, 
Sasami, Ryo-ohki and Noboyuki all watched the warriors without blinking. 
However, Katsuhito and Washu just watched silently and not even slightly 
confounded by the fencers's incredible skills.

	Suddenly, Musashi and boy yelled at the top of their lungs and slammed 
together. Musashi had Fusion and Dragon Egde pinned aganist the sword of the 
boy. It was a power struggle. Both warriors kept pushing until one of them 
gave in, that is, if one of them gave in and it did not seem like it would. 
Both boys had their teeth gritted as their swords grinded aganist each 
others. Suddenly, the two jumped back, returning to fighter stance and 
panting loudly. They stared at each other for a few seconds and then the boy 
sheathed his sword on his back. He smiled.

	"Are you slacking off?" He asked, Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Noboyuki, Sasami 
and Ryo-ohki all dropped their jaws, Musashi grinned.

	"I was jus' about to ask you if  ya had gotten better!" Musashi sheathed 
Fusion and Dragon Egde carefully, "I guess you could say that I have, 'ol 
pal." Tenchi and the others nearly dropped. 'Ol pal!? Didn't that kid just 
try to kill him? All of them stared in confusion. Finally Ryoko spoke up.

	"Bu..but..." Ryoko stammered, "Musashi! Didn't he just try to kill you!?" 
The others nodded franticlly, especially Sasami, who was looked extremely 
concerned, but at the same time impressed. Musashi threw a confused look to 
the girls.

	"Where did you ever get that idea?" He chuckled, making all of them 
face-fault and collapse, "Uh..." He looked down at them. "was it something I 
said?" The boy approached Musashi, smiling. He bowed to the girls, deeply 
and politely. Bringing his left hand to his stomach and his right hand out.

	"I'm sorry if I scared you all." He said, "I'm Musashi's fencing partner. 
We usually practice with each other for the Fencing Tournament." The girls 
still had to protest, all talking at once, finally Ryoko calmed them down.

	"Hey now!" She said, shaking a fist, "We are not getting anywhere here!" 
She turned to Musashi and the boy, "But what about that...chain-thingy to 
shot at Musashi? It seemed like you were trying to hurt him."

	"Uh-huh." Sasami nodded in agreement with Ryoko.

	"Chain-thingy?" The boy asked, he chuckled, "I knew he would dodge my 
*Hookshot*." He pulled out the weapon from his back pouch, it was like a 
cross between a grappling-hook and a gun. It shined a brilliant golden 
color, "I mean if I knew I could hit him I would have never shot it at him." 
He nodded, then he looked frantic for a moment, "Oh! Excuse me! I must 
introduce myself. My name is Link Stalfos. How do all of you do?" He bowed 
humbly again. Tenchi and the girls greeted him back.

	Musashi then went to each of the girls and introduced them to Link. He 
didn't introduce Ryoko, however. When he got to Sasami, after introducing 
her, he pointed to her and winked at Link, who replied by nodded and giving 
Musashi a low thumbs-up so only Musashi could see. Sasami saw it and blushed 
slightly. Musashi also introduced Tenchi.

	"This is Tenchi Masaki." Musashi grinned, "And he is a pimp as you can 
see." Tenchi looked as if to protest but Ayeka, Ryoko and Washu grinned at 
him making him silent. "He is pretty good with a sword and basically keeps 
order around the household wehn things get hairy." Link nodded in approval.

	"I see..."

	Musashi leans into Tenchi, "Don't worry, Link is a pimp, too...He has got 
like three girlfriends where he comes from." Musashi snickers and Tenchi 
rolls his eyes. He leans back and asks Tenchi outloud, "So do you think the 
hostess has room fer one more guest?"

	"I guess..." Tenchi says, scratching the back of his head.

	"Sure, she does." Noboyuki replies, "She'll be more than happy to have your 
friend join us!" Musashi and Link nodds.

	"I appericate it, Sir." Link bows humbly once again.

	Picking up Sasami's bags, Musashi led his friend to the Inn, Ayeka, Ryoko, 
Washui and Tenchi, lugging some of the baggage along, trailed not far ahead 
of them. Musashi and Link trailed behind, Sasami and Ryo-ohki sticking with 
them, while Noboyuki and Katsuhito followed closely behind.

	"So, Link." Musashi said, "you've been training hard, eh?" Link nodded to 
his partner, "Trying to surpass Cloud, huh? I'm telling ya, his Omnislash 
ain't no walk in the park to block! I mean, if you are not careful, you 
could end up being sliced to bits by 'em. But I think you might be able ta 
do it. I mean, that's the roughest duel you have ever given me!" Musashi 
chuckled, Link smiled.

	"Well...I think you are just getting lazy." He said, side-glancing to 
Sasami, "It seems to me, that you have uh...been *busy*." Link side-glanced 
to Sasami again. Musashi grinned and cocked his brows. "Uh...huh." Sasami is 
clueless to what Link is referring to, but Musashi knows exactly what he was 
talking about.

	"Heh..." He chuckled again, "I guess you could say that. Do you know where 
the tournament is being held this year?" He asked, Link nodded.

	"Yeah, " Link smiled and slanted his brows, "you're gunna love this: It's 
been held at the Genmel Arena on Aspira." Musashi's eye's went wide with 
excitement.

	"Aspira??" Musashi almost dropped Sasami's suitcases, "No way! You're 
pullin' my leg, ain't ya?" Link shook his head, "Wow...Aspira, no way. I'd 
never thought they hold it there. I can't believe it. I wonder if Ladon will 
be there, and maybe Garr too?" Musashi was enthralled by the news which he 
found to be glorious.

	"Umm..." Sasami said, "What is Aspira?" She asked almost silently, feeling 
embaressed to enter the conversation uninvited. Musashi smiled at her.

	"That's my homeplanet! That's why its so important!" Musashi explained to 
Sasami, "Genmel is a big arena, but even so, I wonder how the heck they are 
gunna get all the swordsmen and the fans inside?" Link raised his finger.

	"Simple." He answered, "They are remodeling the arena as we speak. It 
should be ready a week before the Tournamnet starts in August. About four 
months from now." Link opened the inn door and helped his friend in. Musashi 
smiled, watching his step as he entered.

	There was a hallway leading down into a larger room which had a desk at the 
back. A shelf with letters and pieces of paper were stacked inside each of 
the little wood boxes. There were two hallways leading off to either side. 
It appeared as if there was no upstairs, just a large area of rooms on the 
first floor. The walls were made of wood, painted white. Genertic pictures 
had been hung up on the wall for guest viewing and the perfectly tiled, wood 
floor was spotless. It was obvious that someone was taking good care of the 
place. Ahead of the three, stood Tenchi and gang waiting for their rooms. 
Apparently, Musashi, Link and Sasami haden't noticed Nobyuki and Katsuhito 
pass them when they were talking. They were now standing at the check-in 
desk.

	"Sounds like they are pressed for time..." Musashi said. Link nodded. They 
were so busy talking about the Fencing Tournament that Musashi didn't notice 
someone coming up behind him. The person tapped, gentily, on his shoulder.

	Musashi gave a loud yelp and turned around, startled, it was only Ryoko, 
"Oh, man," He breathed, "Ryoko, please I gotta heart and I don't want it to 
attack me! Is there something ya want?" Ryoko nodded, her face, 
expressionless.

	"Musashi, " She asked, "why didn't you introduce me to Link?"

	"Oh!" Musashi said, he pointed to Link as he spoke, "Link already knows 
you, sorry about that." Ryoko looked confused, Link looked a bit confounded 
himself as he put his hand on the wall, one of his brows raised slightly.

	"Wow, Ryoko." Sasami giggled, "It seems like everyone knows who you are!" 
Ryoko smiled and patted Sasami on the head, Sasami giggled some more, her 
pink eyes flashing. Ryoko turned back to Musashi.

	"So...how does he know me?" She asked.

	"He knows you through me and he has met you a couple of times." Musashi 
replied, nodding. He felt a tugging on his robes and turn around to see 
Link.

	"Hey," He said, "what's wrong with Ryoko?" Musashi gave a lopsided smile to 
Link. Sasami and Ryoko watched the two converse with full attention. Musashi 
explained everything that had happened to Link and how Ryoko had lost her 
memory and was still slowly recovering it.

	"...so Washu says that 'the best thing we can do is wait.'" He shrugged, 
"And well, we've been waiting for..." Musashi snapped his fingers a couple 
times in order to make himself, remember, right hand on his chin, 
"Dang...now I'm losing my memory!" He chuckled, "how long has it been since 
you lost your memory now, Ryoko?"

	"It's been about a couple of months." Ryoko said, "this memory recovery 
stuff takes forever." She added, sighing and resting her head on her left 
hand, looking to the ceiling dreamily.

	"You'll have your memory back before ya know it, Ryoko." Musashi assured 
her, nodding. Before she can reply, a voice called out for them, they turned 
to see Tenchi, Ayeka, Washu, Noboyuki and Katsuhito wating for them. 
Ryo-ohki jumped up from behind onto Sasami's shoulder, calling out a loving 
'miya' to her. Sasami giggled as Ryo-ohki rubbed her face aganist Sasami's 
cheek.

	"Come on, guys!" Tenchi calls to them, "We've got your rooms now." He 
explained as Ryoko, Musashi, Link and Sasami walked over to him and the 
others, casually. "Yes, we have a room for your friend, Musashi." He added, 
looking at Link, "Musashi, you and Link will share a room because you guys 
are partners." Tenchi continued, pointing to Link and Musashi, both of them 
nodded in reply. Tenchi then assigned the rooms for Ayeka and Sasami, Ryoko 
and Washu and Tenchi would be with his Father and Grandfather.

	"Everyone got their swimsuit?" Katsuhito asked, everyone nodded, inculding 
Link, who recieved a strange look from Musashi. "Good, after you are done 
putting your stuff in your rooms, you should get ready to go to the pool." 
Everyone nodded again. Washu jumped up in excitement.

	"Oh, boy!" Her emerald eyes shimmered brightly, "Finally, physical contact 
with hydro-oxygen molecules!" She grinned cheerfully and then noticed that 
everyone was staring at her. "What?" Everyone face-faulted and collapsed at 
these words.

	"I think she means that she can't wait to get into the pool." Link 
translated, everyone looked at him for second, "Um...Is it a surprise to you 
that I know my science?" Washu, walked over to Link.

	"Well...well..." She said, smiling, "Who would have thought, a forest boy 
like you would know about such stuff..." Her eyes glimmered, "Can I perform 
some tests on you!?" She shouted with glee, Link seemed taken back, edging 
away from the crazed scientist.

	"Um...maybe later..." Link put up his hands defensively, <Whoa...This woman 
is crazy> He thought, <I hope she doesn't mean *tests* in the way I think 
she does.> Washu edged closer to him.

	"But I've NEVER studied a...a.."She paused, her smile vanishing, she puts 
on a thoughtful postion "Wait a second! What planet are you from?"

	"Planet?" Link repeated, "Well...um...I'm from Hylia..." Link hesitiated, 
"I mean, that's just the planet! I'm from the main contienant of Hyrule." He 
scratched the back of his head, not knowing what to make of Washu's 
behavior. He was always a bit shy of girls. Washu grinned at his response.

	"A Hylian!" She jumped for joy, "I've never studied one of those before!" 
She grabbed Link's arm, who felt very heavy at the moment, "Oh please...Let 
me study you. I'll give you *special* treatment if you'll let me see what 
Hylians are like!" Link shuddered at the word 'special', he tried to pull 
away, but Washu pulled him towards her. "Oooo! Don't run away! Come on! How 
can you refuse a offer like that from girl as cute as me?" Link tugged 
harder.

	"Excuse me, but..." He struggled to say, "I said 'maybe later'...Can you 
please let go of my arm?" He gritted his teeth trying to pull away, 
franticly. Washu held firm, looking at him with wide, cute, shimmering eyes, 
"Please, Miss Washu, don't look at me like that!"

	Washu then felt someone tapping her shoulder, the voice sounded cocky, 
"Yo...Washu." Washu turned around to see wh it was, "I thought you wanted to 
go swimming." It was Musashi, "Of course, *we* can all go swimming while 
you...uh...play with my friend here." Suddenly, Link's face went into a 
frantic and pulled harder than ever. However, Washu doesn't seem to budge. 
Washu's face showed signs of dissapointament.

	"Oh yeah!" She said, "Oh well...I guess I'll just have to *play* with Link 
later..." She giggled, Link looked like he was about to die. He wasn't even 
blushing, just scared. Musashi chuckles and nods at Link who shakes his 
head. Sasami, giggling, walks over to Link. Everyone came over to make sure 
that Link was ok.

	"I think she likes you." Sasami said.

	"I don't NEED her liking me," Link replied, tired from the struggle from 
Washu's grip, Sasami looked confused.

	"Link has got three girlfriends where he comes from, Sasami." Musashi 
explained, "and they all cause a lot of havoc to his life." Sasami nods to 
the young fencer. "Well, anyways. Hey, Link."

	"What?" Link said, slightly annoyed.

	"Why do you have yer swimsuit with ya?" Musashi asked, smiling, "I mean, 
ye'r a wanderer so why would you need it?" Link turned his head around to 
look his friend.

	"Always be prepared..." Link simply replied.

	"Well..." Katsuhito said, "If we are done teasing each other, go get your 
gear together and hurry." He smiled, "The pool is waiting but it doesn't 
have all day to wait." Everyone nodded again and went to their rooms to get 
ready for the pool.
