Chapter 3: No need for a Dragon
By: UltraOverMind
email: aegisrunestone@hotmail.com
http://envy.nu/uom/index.html

	<It's coming!> Sasami thought as ran through the Cavern corridors. The 
beast was right behind her. Roaring loudly and shaking the caverns. <I have 
to get away or it'll eat me!> Her heart was beating her chest like a boxer 
pounds away at a punching bag.

	Her feet ache all over, but the monster's roar keeps her going down the 
caverns, hopefully she'll safe in the hands of her sister or Tenchi!

	<Ayeka...Tenchi...Ryoko...Help!!> She can only think, for some odd reason 
she can't scream. <Somebody! Help!!..Ah..Whoa!> Suddenly, she trips over a 
loose stone and slams into the ground. She fears to turn but she does. The 
beast stands over her, practically breathing down her neck.

	It's a twelve foot tall monster. With a long neck and large body. It has 
medium-sized arms, each with three metal-piercing claws. Two large and 
massive legs with coiled muscles held up its massive body. It's long 
whip-like tail grew out from its back. And on it's back were two red-gold 
wings. The head has a long snout with a beak-like mouth at the end. On the 
back of its head two horns grew out, and slightly curved upwards. Inside the 
beast's maw were many rows of shiny, razor-sharp teeth.

	<Oh no...It's gunna eat me...Ayeka!!! Tenchi!!! Ryoko!! Help me!!!> Her 
attempts to scream are in vain, she tries and she tries, but nothing comes 
out. Finally, the beast opens its large maw, which begins to smoke, and 
then...

	Sasami wakes up.

	<Oh...good..> She thinks, <It was just a nightmare...> She feels her 
forehead and she realizes that she is dripping in a cold sweat. Her heart is 
still racing like there is no tomorrow. <Just go back to sleep, its ok 
now..." Sasami thinks to herself and she slips back into bed and falls 
asleep.


	"Sasami!" Ryoko shouted as she entered the kitchen. "Come play with me. I'm 
bored since Tenchi won't play with me and is doing his boring  ol chores." 
Sasami sighed as she worked in the kitchen hard to prepare lunch, she barely 
heard Ryoko because the roars of the beast from her dream returned for 
vengeance. "Sasami?"

	Sasami jumps a bit startled by Ryoko's sounds. "No..no..I'm busy fixing 
lunch, Ryoko."

	Ryoko looks at Sasami, "Drat...Say...Are you feeling ok, kid?"

	"I'm fine.."

	"You sure?"

	"Well..." Sasami pauses, "No...I'm not. I had a nightmare last night."

	"Everyone gets those once in awhile." Ryoko says, floating in mid-air.

	"But this one," Sasami turns around looking at the polished tile on the 
kitchen floor, "This one was really scary...sometimes...my dreams...they 
happen in real life shortly after I have them...I'm...a bit...scared..." 
Sasami could only pause, the vivid images appeared in her mind, the claws, 
the fangs, the breath of beast, the roar. She has to fight the urge to 
scream...

	"Ahhh...Don't worry about it." Ryoko replies, "It was only a dream, I doubt 
something like that would happen in real life." Ryoko smiles at Sasami 
trying to reassure her. However Sasami doesn't feel any bit better. But in 
order to make Ryoko not worry about it, Sasami smiled back.

	"Miya!" Ryo-ohki said, as she hopped onto Sasami's head, "Miya! Miyyaa!"

	"I think she likes you, Sasami." Ryoko smiles.

	"Yah, I guess." Sasami replies, then Ryo-ohki off her head to a basket of 
carrots. "Hmm?"

	"Miya? Miya!" Ryo-ohki said excitedly, "Miya!"

	"A carrot?" Sasami walked over to Ryo-ohki, "You want a carrot?"

	"Miya!" Ryo-ohki said, which sounded like a 'yes' to Sasami. So she handed 
her a carrot. Ryo-ohki sniffed it for a few seconds, but before Ryoko and 
Sasami knew it, the carrot was all gone. "Miya! *Miya*!" Ryo-ohki said with 
excitement.

	"What a weird cat." Sasami giggled, "She hardly looks like one yet she eats 
carrots."

	"Well, I dunno." Ryoko said, "Don't ask me, I have no clue what she is."

	Sasami smiled. <As long as I find a way to get this dream out of my head, 
it will be fine.> She thought as she looked at Ryo-ohki.

	"Miya!"


	Sasami wasn't very hungry. She didn't eat much during the Lunchtime meal. 
The nightmare was still lingering in her head. For lunch the group sat 
around a small table, being sat at the head was Tenchi, to his right was 
Ryoko, to her right was Ayeka, to Ayeka's right was Sasami and to Sasami's 
right sat Noboyuki, Tenchi's father.

	"Sasami?" It was Ayeka, "Aren't you hungry?"

	"Um..." Sasami paused for a moment, "No...not really." She played with her 
food a bit. Still wondering what the dream meant.

	"Hey Sasami," Tenchi said to her, "Could you go take some lunch to grandpa 
when you are through?" Sasami nodded.

	"I'll take some to him now." She said making everyone look up at her in a 
bit of a surprise.

	"Are you sure?" Noboyuki, Tenchi's father asked, "You need to eat."

	"I'll eat later..." Sasami replied, and she headed for the kitchen to 
prepare some food for Katsuhito, Tenchi's grandfather.


	"Something is wrong with Sasami." Ayeka said, after lunch the group had 
decided to meet without Sasami to discuss the matter. "She was fine during 
breakfast..."

	"Yah," Tenchi replied, "I'm not sure, she looked depressed or something..." 
Tenchi put his hand on his chin.

	"Well...it could be that...nah..." Everyone looks at Ryoko, with a sight 
interest.

	"What do you mean?" Ayeka asked, "Do you know a possible reason for Sasami 
acting like this, Ryoko?"

	"Well...It's crazy..." Ryoko replied.

	"Well, anything is better than nothing, Ryoko." Tenchi said, folding his 
arms, "If you know something, tell us." Ryoko looked up at the ceiling.

	"Oh..." She sighed, "Alright." All eyes and hears were peeled on Ryoko, 
especially Ayeka's. "I was talking to Sasami earlier today when she was 
fixing lunch." Ryoko lowered her head slightly, "She said that she had a bad 
dream last night."

	"But wait..." Ayeka said, "It's just a dream, why would she be concerned 
over that?"

	"I dunno, " Ryoko replied, "She told me that sometimes her dreams actually 
happen in real life shortly after she has them. I think she's scared..."

	<She never told me about that!> Ayeka thought, slightly enraged, <I'm her 
sister! Why does tell some awful pirate her problems and not me?>

	"I never knew that..." Ayeka said.

	"What?" Ryoko looked surprised. "You mean she never told you that her 
dreams become realities?"

	"Well...no." Ayeka replied.

	"That's strange." Tenchi chimed in. "I think we need to help her. I don't 
think she can fight this on her own." Tenchi unfolded his arms, "We need to 
let her know that we are there for her."

	"I agree." Ayeka replies.

	"So...How do we start?" Ryoko asks.

	"Tonight, we'll have a meeting with her," Ayeka explains, "And we'll tell 
her that she isn't alone and we'll talk about the problem..." Ayeka stands 
straight like a soldier. "I do not want my sister to be distressed over a 
little thing such as a nightmare for the rest of her life."

	"Well..." Ryoko smiles, "I don't think that will happen."


	Sasami knocked on the door to Katsuhito's shrine.

	"Who is it?" Asked a slightly raspy voice, yet wise and strong. Before 
Sasami could answer the door swung open, startling her. "Oh it's you, 
Sasami." He was wearing his using white robes, his face was wrinkled, gray 
eyebrows could be seen over his brown eyes which were guarded by his 
glasses. He had a gray mustache and the color of his hair was also gray.

	"I brought you some lunch." She said, holding up a plate of food.

	"Thank you." He said, "Come inside." Sasami seemed a bit hesitate to enter.

	"Um..."

	"It's ok...Come on." He said, "I want to know how you are doing."

	"Well," Sasami began as she entered the shrine, mainly made from wood and 
painted over. There was a small table in the center, some dressers over to 
the back side of the shrine. Next to it on it's left is a pair of white 
closet doors. There is a soft rug on the floor, it feels so plush under 
Sasami's feet. "I'm doing fine." She said. Katsuhito smiled.

	"Good..." He said, preparing to eat, Sasami turned her head to look out the 
window. She noticed something and ran over to the window to see more 
clearly. It was a cave, immediately she was attacked by the images of her 
nightmare.

	"Grandpa?" She asked.

	"Yes?"

	"What is that cave over there?" She said looking at him and pointing at the 
cave.

	"That? Oh..." He said, "Well Sasami, there is a monster living in there." 
Sasami jumped, the images came back, the wings, the claws, the tail. "A long 
time ago, a monster came down from the heavens, it caused destruction over 
our villages and killed many people...However, with the power of our priests 
we sealed the monster in a cave. This Masaki Shrine was built as a watch 
over that monster in order to make sure it will never come back. You should 
stay away from that cave."

	His face was stern and vivid.

	"Ok..." She said. "I'd better go back." She waved goodbye and headed out 
the door. Suddenly, a strange urge to go into the cave came over her. <What 
if? My dreams are not always exact, besides...I'm curious.> But she shook 
the thought away. <No...I don't wanna die...>

	Suddenly a brown form zips from her eyes and heads to the cave.

	"Miya!" It's Ryo-ohki chasing and batting a carrot. "Miya!" She bats the 
carrot all the way into the cave. "Miya!"

	"Ryo-ohki! No!" Sasami shouts. "Don't go in there..." Too late, Ryo-ohki is 
already deep inside. <Oh great...Now what? I can't leave her!> Sasami 
thinks, <She'll be eaten! Augh...I guess I'm going to have to get her 
out...>

	Sasami sneaks quietly into the cavern, making sure that Katsuhito doesn't 
catch her. <*Whew!*> She thinks, <I'm glad...>

	"Miiiyyyyaaa!!!" Ryo-ohki cries from inside the cave.

	<Oh no! She is in danger!> Sasami's heart races. <This is it...> And so 
Sasami begins to imitate her heart as she races down the cavern to save 
Ryo-ohki. As she turns the corner though, she stops and stares. 
<Ohh...wow...>

	And there it is. Standing there on a platform. A huge red-gold monster, the 
one from her nightmare...A Dragon.

	However, a sense of relief comes over Sasami as she see that the Dragon is 
restrained by some sort of laser chains. And the Dragon seems to be dead.

	"Miya...." Sasami looks down, Startled. But it's only Ryo-ohki, staring at 
the massive Dragon.

	<I think its safe.> Sasami thinks as she approaches the Dragon. 
<Maybe...it's asleep.>

	Suddenly a tingle runs through her body and the Dragon's eyes shoot open. 
Sasami took a step back, and the Dragon growled. Suddenly, the lasers 
started glowing and their energy restrain the Dragon to the point of being 
inflicted with pain. The roared and screamed in agony. Sasami was about to 
run but then the Dragon started to glow white, then the whole room was 
filled with the glow, it was like the heavens had opened up to reveal the 
light.

	After a few minutes the light dimmed out and the cave was as dark as ever. 
Sasami was scared to look, but she did anyway. With a start she removed her 
eyes from her face. The Dragon was no longer there.

	Lying there, on the platform instead was a boy. A long-spikey-haired boy. 
He looked no older than Sasami, His hair was dark blue, he wore white robes 
and little brown sandals on his feet. He had golden bracelets and two red 
gloves, with the finger covers missing. Sasami slowly approached him.

	"H.." He gasped and reach out his hand to her, "..elp..m..e...hel..p.." 
Sasami noticed that he was bleeding.

	<Could he be a victim of the Dragon?> She thought.

	Sasami picked him up, he was a bit heavy, though he didn't look fat. Then 
something glowing caught her eye. Laying on the platform under the boy, were 
three swords. Two were small katanas, the other was a short great sword 
sheathed in a blood-red sheath. It had a lovely-golden handle and a ruby gem 
on the hilt. One of the small katanas was glowing an aqua blue aura.

	<Wow...> She thought <This guy must be some swordsman> She checked his 
back, noticed that there were two small sheaths on his back crossed in an  
X' style and a place on his belt to tie the big sword on. She carefully 
placed the swords in their sheaths and then hooked up the big sword to the 
boy's back.

	Sasami then carried him out of the cave, Ryo-ohki walking next to her. 
<Poor thing...> She thought. <I need help!>

	"Grandpa!" She yelled, but then she saw to her dismay, the shrine's lights 
were off. "Oh no...Could he have gone to the house?" She asked herself. She 
knew that she'd have to walk down the long stone staircase embedded in the 
hillside to get to the house. <This is going to be hard...>


	"Sasami!" Ayeka shouted, "Oh where is she?!" Ayeka was frantic, it had been 
hours since Sasami had left to give Katsuhito his lunch. Now, it was almost 
dinner time and Ayeka honestly didn't want to taste Noboyuki's cooking.

	"Hello there." It's Katsuhito, "Is it time for dinn-" Suddenly Ayeka 
practically pounces on him.

	"WHERE IS SASAMI??!!!" She shouts with red eyes burning like flames.

	"I..." Katsuhito stammers, "I don't know..I thought she had come back 
here." Ayeka growls.

	"Rrrr...You're lying!" She says.

	"No I'm not!" He said, "Now, please...Aye-" He is cut-off again.

	"Then where is SHE!?" Ayeka is hysterical.

	"Ayeka, chill out." Ryoko appears behind her floating in mid-air. "Sasami 
will be back. And don't worry, Ryo-ohki is with her."

	"Oh great." Ayeka gets off of Katsuhito who stands up and bushes himself 
off. "My sister is being guarded by a cat, oh she is *sure* to come back 
alive now!"

	"Hey now!" Ryoko frowns, "At least she has *some* protection."

	"Rgrhh..." Ayeka faces Ryoko, "Hmph! And you didn't help! I mean you can 
FLY! You could have found her."

	"Why? She is YOUR sister!" Ryoko retorts. "You crummy little..."

	"Why you!" Ayeka shouts. Ryoko and Ayeka throw lightning-like glares that 
meet in the center, both equal in power. Both of them are growling at each 
other like a bunch of vicious animals.

	"Girls! Please!" Tenchi says, trying to get inbetween the girls in order to 
stop blood from being shedded.

	"Calm down, girls..." Katsuhito chimes in, "I think I might know where 
Sasami is." Ayeka breaks and turns to him.

	"Where??" She asks.

	"Well...hmm...She might be in the cave..." He mused to himself.

	"The cave!?" Ayeka asks.

	Ryoko looks confused, "Cave? What cave?"

	Katsuhito nods, "Yes the cave..." And goes about telling the legend behind 
the cave. After he finishes, Ayeka cries out in horror.

	"Oh No!" She falls to ground on her knees, whimpering softly "Sasami is 
going to be eaten by a monster...oh no..." She places her face into her 
hands and begins to sob.

	"Now wait a sec!" Ryoko says, "You don't know that! He said it was a 
legend! Not all legends are true ya know." Ayeka immediately got on her feet 
and spun around to face Ryoko.

	"Shut up you idiot!" She spat, "What do you know!?"

	"More than you..." Ryoko retorts.

	"That's it!! You're dead!" Ayeka screams and the battle began, Ryoko and 
Ayeka began to tear, bite, beat and kick at each other. Tenchi could only 
sigh in despair, Noboyuki, however, just let out a laugh.

	"Whoo!" He said, "Cat-fight! *Rowl!*" He was enjoying the sight of the two 
girls fighting.

	Both Katsuhito and Tenchi give Noboyuki a side glance. The noise from Ryoko 
and Ayeka's fight was so intense that they didn't hear the door open. 
Someone walk in and put something on the couch.

	"Um...Hello?" The fighting stopped at the sound of a familiar voice. "Is 
anyone going to help me here?"

	"Miya!" It's Ryo-ohki and Sasami, standing near the couch, looking over 
something. Ayeka rushes to her sister with burning tears in her eyes. Ryoko 
teleports nearby to check on them. Tenchi, Noboyuki and Katsuhito both rush 
over to see Sasami too.

	"Sasami!!!!!!" Ayeka shouts and runs down to hug her sister, "Where WERE 
you? I was so worried." Ryoko smiles, she is also gald to see that Sasami is 
safe.

	"See?" She said, "I TOLD you Sasami would be fine." Ryoko teleports down to 
bottom floor, "Did you take good care of her, Ryo-ohki?" She asked Ryo-ohki.

	"Miya!" answered Ryo-ohki, looking up at her mistress, smiling.

	"Good girl, Ryo-ohki." Ryoko smiled, rubbing the cabbit's head, gentily, 
who 'miya'ed in reply.

	"That's nice, but we need to help someone here." Sasami said, with a little 
concern in her voice. Ryoko and Ayeka look at her, strangely

	"What do you mean Sasami?" Ayeka asked. Sasami pointed to the couch, there 
lying there was a bleeding-blue-spikey haired boy.

	"Omigosh!" Ayeka said startled.

	"I'll go get a towel. And a medic kit." Sasami said, so she rushed upstairs 
to the bathroom. In a few seconds she was back, putting the towel underneath 
the boy so it would absorb the blood. She opened the medic kit and started 
to work, but Tenchi stopped her.

	"Here, let me do it." He said, smiling.

	"What happened to the poor guy?" Ryoko asked, going behind the couch, 
Katsuhito and Noboyuki joining her.

	"Hey now, give him some room to breathe!" Sasami said.

	"It'll be alright, Sasami." Ayeka reassured her. "Now tell us, where did 
you go?" Sasami sighed and began to tell them all that had happened, 
including her nightmare.

	"And that's what happened." She said, finishing her story. "I don't know 
what happened to the Dragon." Ayeka looked worried.

	"So your dream was for real..." Ryoko said, "Well, some of it anyway."

	Sasami nodded, "Yah...I wonder who he is. I think he is a swordsman."

	"Swordsman?" Tenchi asked.

	"Yeah, he had three swords under him." She explained, "I put them all in 
their sheathes, he has two small katanas and one big sword." Something 
seemed to pring on Ayeka's face when Sasami described the swords.

	"I think...I think I know this boy." Ayeka said. Everyone looked at her in 
confusion. But before she could say more, the boy let out a gripe of pain.

	"Ugh..." He groaned. Everyone watched. And he began to open his eyes 
slowly.

	"I think he is coming to." Nobyuki said. The boy's eyes opened completely. 
His eyes were emerald green, however they seemed hurt, probably because of 
his great wounds.

	"I was beginning to think he was dead." Tenchi said, "I didn't think a boy 
his age could survive these wounds." He said, finishing wrapping the cloths 
on his stomach and his arm. He began wrapping some cloth over the boy's head 
like a bandana to stop the bleeding from his head.

	"Oh man..." The boy said. His voice had the sound of a warrior in it, yet 
more of a younger sound. "What happened? Where am I?"

	"I hope he didn't lose his memory like Ryoko." Tenchi said.

	"We will have to see." Katsuhito replied.

	"You're in Okyama." Sasami answered the boy's question, "I found you lying 
in a cave, bleeding..."

	"Bleeding..." The boy repeated, "Dragon...Unh!" He winced, everyone looked 
startled.

	"You know about the Dragon?" Sasami asked. But the boy looked at her and 
then his face seemed to fill with realization.

	"Uh...yah..." He said.

	"I'll bet you were one of it's victims..."

	"Well...uh..." He seemed hesitate to answer. "Sorta...Hey...Who are you?" 
He seemed to be becoming awake.

	"My name is Sasami...What's yours?" She asked. The boy smiled and chuckled.

	"Heh..." He smiled again, "I'm Musashi..."

	"Musashi??" Ayeka repeated in a question. "I knew I recognized you!" 
Musashi looked up at Ayeka, his eyes widened.

	"Holy smokes!" He said, "What the heck is Jurai's Princess doing here?"

	"He seems to be alright..." Sasami whispers into Tenchi's ear and then she 
giggles.

	"Yah...But how does he know Ayeka?" Tenchi smiles.

	"Huh?" Ryoko looks to Musashi then to Ayeka, "How do you two know each 
other?"

	"Ryoko?" Ryoko looks down at Musashi, "Hey don't you recognize me? It's 
your 'ol pal, Musahi!" Ryoko gives him a strange look. "Come on you know, 
You've saved my life a couple times ya know."

	"I have?" Ryoko asks.

	"I'm sorry Musashi." Sasami chimes in, "Ryoko has amnesia."

	"Bummer, it sucks to lose your memory, I'll bet." Musashi chuckles. "I 
don't think you've heard of me have you?" He asks Sasami.

	"Um..no...Not really." Sasami says.

	"Ayeka!" Musashi says, "You didn't tell your little sister about me?" He 
shakes his head, "Shame...Shame..." Ryoko laughs. Ayeka twists her face.

	"I don't understand, how come your still a boy?" She asks, "I was a child 
when I last saw you!" Musashi chuckles.

	"That's a trade secret." He smiles, "Oh, by the way, how's your bro, Yosho 
doing these days?" Ayeka shakes her head.

	"I...I don't know where he is anymore. He left a long time ago." Ayeka 
said, but Musashi just looked at Katsuhito, curiously. "What is it?"

	"Nuttn'," Musashi replies.

	"I don't understand, Ayeka." Tenchi says, "How do you know a kid like 
this?"

	"Well..." Ayeka starts, "This may sound crazy, but this kid is the greatest 
fencer in the universe." Musashi smirks.

	"That's right." He says, "My nickname is 'Brave Fencer Musashi.'. I know 
Ayeka 'cause I dueled her brother, Yosho. She was just a kid then, about six 
or seven. About twelve years ago." Musashi nods. "And if ya don't believe 
I'm such a great fencer, just wait 'til I get better man. And I can show you 
what *real* fencin' is about." Tenchi looks doubtful.

	"A kid like you?" Tenchi asks.

	"Great, we have a doubter in our midst." Musashi chuckles, "What's yer 
name, pal?"

	"Uh..Tenchi..." Tenchi replies, "Tenchi Masaki. But I don't 
understand...How do people decide if your the best fencer in the universe?"

	"The Universal Fencing Tournament." Musashi answers, "I'm in first place."

	"Wow." Noboyuki says, "Is that true?"

	"Are my eyes green?" Musashi asks, "If so then your answer is 'yes'. 
Man..I'm hungry." Musashi looks a bit concerned, "Um..I don't mean to 
intrude on your home, but do you mind if I could stay here?"

	"Sure." Tenchi replies, "Stay as long as you like."

	Musashi smiles, "Thanks, man. I appericate it."

	"Dinner!" Sasami puts her hands over her mouth. "I forgot to cook it!" 
Ryoko teleports behind Sasami and puts her hands on Sasami's shoulders.

	"It's alright..." She says, smiling at the young princess, "We'll wait for 
you...it will be worth it."

	"You cook?" Musashi asks. "Are you good at it?"

	"She is very good at it!" Noboyuki answers for Sasami.

	"Ok..." Musashi says, "I'll give it a shot." He throws a wink at Sasami, 
who blushes and the bows and walks off to the kichten to prepare the late 
dinner.

	"I saw that." Ryoko smiles. Musashi grins to cover himself.

	"Saw what?" He chuckles, "I think you're losing your eyesight now, Ryoko." 
Ryoko rolls her eyes and shakes her head in the air.



	<Wow...I wonder how I woke up...> Musashi thinks to himself. Sasami appears 
in front of him with a plate of food.

	"Here's your dinner, Musashi." Musashi takes the plate and begins eating. 
He swallows it and licks his lips.

	"Hey now." He takes another bite and swallows it, "This is pretty good!" 
Sasami's face tints, "Heck, this the best food I've tasted in my entire 
life. You are a good cook!" Sasami's face turns as red as a beet.

	"Thank you...You want more?" Sasami asks, as politely as she can without 
stammering.

	"Hey, I gotta finish this plate first. " Musahi replies, "*Then* we'll see 
if I want more. Ok?" Sasami nods.

	"Ok." And with that she walks back to table. Musashi watches her all the 
way back, his eyes not even blinking.

	<She is pretty cute...hehe...> Musashi thinks to himself, <And she's a good 
cook...I think I found my lucky break> He chuckles and continues eating his 
food, cheerfully.
