Chapter 6: No Need for Swimming Lessons
By: Andrew "UltraOverMind" S.
email: aegisrunestone@hotmail.com
http://www.envy.nu/uom/index.html

	<Look out, Tenchi....Here I come...Your future queen!>

	<My dearest Tenchi, now you can see my true beauty...>

	<Not only am I smart, but I'm hot too! You'd better get ready, Tenchi!>

	<He is going to love this!>

	Such were the thoughts of the girls as they slipped into their swimsuits in 
the ladies' room together. Their minds set on impressing the male sect of 
their species. Ryoko, Ayeka, Washu and Sasami had brought their very finest, 
most beautiful swimsuits. Ryoko had a two-piece, red, with a ruffle flap on 
it bikini. Ayeka, on the other hand, wore a white, one piece swimsuit. Washu 
wore a green, shoulder-strapless one-piece swimsuit. All of them were 
looking very lovely.

	Ryoko laughed at seeing Ayeka's swimsuit. "Ha!" She taunted, "You think you 
look good in that? Oh my gosh..." Ayeka turned to Ryoko, her face twisting, 
"Hehehehe....I think you need to....lose some weight, Ayeka!" She laughed, 
hysterically. Ayeka, however was not amused.

	"Well..." She said, trying to think up a good retort, "where do you think 
*we* are? A strip club?" Ayeka grinned, "If you think you are going to 'turn 
on' a man with *that*, you're hoplessly mistaken! I mean, it makes you look 
*uglier* than you already *are*!" Ryoko's smile had faded, she was gritting 
her teeth viciously. This means war.

	"Hmph!" Ryoko responded, "Well...At least I'm proud to show it off. Unlike 
some *other* princesses I know!" Ryoko growled, "I guess the only *real* 
reason you need to wear such a covering swimsuit is because...well...there 
isn't anything there that's worth showing off!" Ryoko's eyes narrowed evilly 
and she snickered. Ayeka gritted her teeth,

	"At least Tenchi doesn't want to play with an old hag like you!" Ayeka 
retorted.

	"Oh, is that so, your Royal Hineyness?" Ryoko growled, not at all amused by 
Ayeka's taunt. They began growling at each other and lightning shot from 
their eyes meeting in the center, perfectly equal. Suddenly, a girlish voice 
sounded out behind them making them stop.

	"Hey, now girls!" Washu smiled at them, "Guys don't like girls killing each 
other...At least, not guys like Tenchi." Washu grinned, "First one into the 
pool gets a hug from Tenchi!" She screamed, Ayeka and Ryoko rushed out the 
room, Washu slowly followed them, knowing that they be too busy arguing over 
who got their first. She turned around, expecting to Sasami rushing out too, 
but instead Sasami was still getting ready. "I said, 'First one into the 
pool gets a hug from Tenchi!!'". She repeated herself. She waited, but no 
response from the young princess. Finally, Washu walked over to where Sasami 
had been standing a few mintues ago, and looked in.

	"Hey! Sasami!" Washu looked in, Sasami was still getting her pigtails 
rolled up so that could fit into some small dark green round sacs on the top 
of her head. They kept her pigtails dry while she was swimming. Sasami 
turned to Washu. "Come on! I know you like Tenchi too." Then Washu noticed 
something...Sasami was not wearing her typical blue swimsuit she usually 
had. Instead she was wearing a pink, one-piece swimsuit. The was a yellow 
long hexagonal shape on the back, which almost filled in the pink color. 
Although there were no shoulder straps, there was a piece that went across 
her chest and went around her neck. She looked very cute in it.

	"Hey, now..." Washu said, "Nice swimsuit...whatcha wearing something that 
nice for?" Sasami blushed.

	"I..." She paused, as she finished putting her right pigtail in the first 
sac, "I just thought change for once would be nice." But Washu knew it was 
for another reason, she grinned at her.

	"But you don't seem to respond about Tenchi anymore." Washu's grin got 
wider, "Sasami...Is that a blue-spikey-haired fencer I see in your eyes?" 
Sasami turned red, signaling to Washu that she had hit it right on the nose.

	Sasami blushed again, trying to control herself, she tired to roll up her 
other pigtail, only in vain. "Washu..." She said, "I have no idea what you 
are talking about..." She said, funny, she remembers saying the same thing 
to Ryoko a few weeks ago. Sasami's blush vanished and she rolled her last 
pigtail up and put the sac on it. "I'll be out in a second...go on without 
me."

	"Alright...see you there..." Washu replied, she smiled at her. <Ahh...young 
love. It's so cute!> Washu thought to herself as she walked outside the room 
which led to the pool.


	Musashi sat on a plastic chair on the rim of the swimming pool. The pool 
was long, it had been divided into sections of three feet, four feet, five 
feet, and six feet. Musashi was wearing his typical karate gi uniform. Of 
course, he had been there for about fifteen minutes, the first one to the 
pool. However, Musashi was not wearing swim trunks because he did not have 
some, nor did he know how to swim. He'd figure he'd just watch the girls 
play and have fun. He would laugh when they would all flirt with Tenchi and 
drive him crazy.

	"Hahahaha!" Musashi turned to the sound of a woman laughing, "I got here 
first! Tenchiiiii! I want my hug!" It was Ryoko and Ayeka. Ryoko was flying 
towards the pool, laughing hysterically while Ayeka was yelling at her from 
behind, she was looking very angry.

	"That's cheating!" Ayeka roared, "I can't fly!"

	"Sucks for you!" Ryoko retorted, "Washu never specified *how* you got to 
the pool." Ryoko laughed and Ayeka protested, but to no avail. Ryoko floated 
over and landed on the far edge of the pool. Ayeka grinned and jmped into 
the pool, appearing on Ryoko's side.

	"Ha!" Ayeka laughed, "Ryoko, Washu said that you must be *in* the pool to 
qualify..." Ayeka looked to Ryoko, expecting to see a look of shock on 
Ryoko's face, but instead she found that Ryoko was grinning madly. 
"Wha-what!? What are you smiling about?"

	"Ayeka," Ryoko pointed to her foot, it was half-submerged in water, "I 
*was* in the pool. Washu never specified *how* much of you had to be in the 
pool." Ryoko laughed cockily. But Ayeka still continued to protest, raising 
her fist in anger. "Ahhh...I need specifications you know. Like on how 
specfically *ugly* you're face is!" Ryoko cackled. Ayeka growled friecely. 
But before she could react, Musashi decided to step in.

	"Could you gals fight some other time?" They turned to see Musashi, shocked 
they had no idea that he was there, lying in the chair. "I mean...come on! 
We're here to have fun, not kill each other. Besides, you really should 
fight when it's over somethin' and not nuttin'."

	Ryoko and Ayeka glanced at each other. "Perhaps he's right..." Ayeka said, 
"we are acting like little children aren't we?" Ryoko nodded in response. 
Washu can be seen now walking out of the ladies' room, smiling gleefully. 
She waved to Ayeka and Ryoko.

	"Where is Sasami?" Ayeka asked, as Washu approached  the pool and jumped 
in, making a big splash. "Miss Washu?" Ayeka persisted when Washu came up, 
she smiled at Ayeka and knocked on her head to get the water out of her 
ears.

	"Sasami?" On her face, a delightful smile appeared on her face. "She is 
still getting ready...S-" Washu was about to continue when the girls heard a 
loud voice above them in the pool. They all looked up to see someone on the 
diving board, getting ready to jump.

	"Look out, everyone!" Shouted the person from above, "This one will be a 
big one!" He stepped back and then dashed forward at incredible speed, 
"DEPTH-CHARGE CANNONBALL!!" Suddenly, off the board jumped a spinning person 
that no one could tell who is was. The girls tried to scramble, but it was 
too late. The person hit the pool with a giantatic splash.

	And indeed, it was a giantatic splash, so giantatic that there were rough 
waves in the pool. The girls felt sick and a bit harrassed. "Alright..." 
Ryoko said, "Who did it? Who's the one who got me all wet when I wasn't 
ready yet!?" Suddenly, out of the water arised the person who jumped, it was 
a boy who had blonde, semi-spikey hair with crystal-blue eyes. Without his 
hood and green tunic, the girls did not recognize him at first, but after a 
few seconds they knew who it was. "It's Link." Ryoko said.

	"Greetings." Link said, shooting out a fountain of water from his mouth, 
"Did we all enjoy my cannonball?" He grinned, Everyone nodded, reclutantly, 
except Washu, who swam over to him, her eyes glittering again.

	"Oh yes!" Washu said, in a most arousing voice, Link began to feel 
uncomfortable again, "I *loved* it.I especially enjoyed it when you said 
'depth-charge', it's so technical..." Washu grinned evilly and Link got a 
bad idea of what she was thinking. "So are we going to play in the water 
now?"

	"Um....nope!" Link said, and he dived instantly underwater. Washu got ready 
to go down after him, but Musashi called out to her in a warning.

	"Don't try it!" He said, "Link is an excellent swmmer and he can stay 
underwater for at most four minutes. Don't even try Washu...By the way," 
Musashi added, "Are you really flirting with him?" Washu shook her head.

	"Of course not!" She grinned, "I knew the moment I saw the look on his face 
when I asked him if I could do tests on him that he was the type that was 
fidgetty around girls. So I only do it to annoy him. It keeps me amused!" 
Washu chuckles again, "Yes! I am a genius!!" Washu was about to look where 
Link would come up but then she turned back to Musashi, "Oh by the way, Mr. 
Brave Fencer, look out for Sasami. She has a little surprise for you." Washu 
giggled and then continuing looking.

	<A surprise?> Musashi thought, <For me? Is Washu pulling my leg again? Or 
maybe...>

	"Hi, Musashi!" It was Sasami's voice, Musashi chuckled.

	"Hey, little Princess," He said, turning his head to look at her, "What's 
u-u-up-p?" His jaws dropped when he saw her, handicapping his speech. Sasami 
was wearing a pink, one-piece swimsuit. The was a yellow long hexagonal 
shape on the back, which almost filled in the pink color. Although there 
were no shoulder straps, there was a piece that went across her chest and 
went around her neck. "Uh...Nice swimsuit..." Musashi said, flushing red, 
<Whoa! If this is the surprise, I wish I could swim!>

	"Thank you," Sasami said, she was also blushing deeply. Musashi still 
stared at her, fighting the urge to drool and hang his tongue out of his 
mouth. "Are you coming into the pool?" She asked. Ayeka looked shocked at 
her sister.

	"Sasami!" She yelled, but Sasami didn't seem to hear her. "Sasami! What are 
you doing!?" She yelled, Musashi knew why. Ayeka thought Musashi was a 
perverted little boy, who was out to get her little sister. In truth, 
Musashi was a little bit of pervert, but nowhere was he as perverted as 
Noboyuki. Also, Musashi wasn't out to get Sasami, he just had a crush on 
her. But like an overprotective mother, Ayeka always feared the worst out of 
him.

	"Um...well..." Musashi hesitates with his reply, <She'll laugh at me...> 
"Um...I can't come into the pool...mmh...", <Dang, she is so hot in 
that...Oh man, come on Musashi, don't be shy. She likes you, doesn't she?> 
Sasami looked at him curiosuly.

	"Why's that?" She asked, leaning over to the side, Musashi blinked so he 
could reajust his eyes to Sasami's face and away from her chest.

	"Um..." He smiled, and chuckled embaressingly, "I don't....I dunno how to 
swim..." He blushed deeply, this was probably the first time he had been 
really shy with a girl before. Sasami smiled, and Musashi felt his heart 
sink. <Oh man....She is gunna laugh at me now!> His thoughts trailed in his 
head, dispearingly.

	"Well, then..." Sasami giggled, she turned towards the pool and put her 
finger on her cheek "How about I teach you how to swim?" Musashi's face went 
redder than Lumina's sheath. Sasami was blushing too, "I mean...wouldn't you 
like to learn how?" Musashi nodded slowly, dirty thoughts began trailing in 
his mind.

	<Oh gosh no...Man I'm gunna touch her on accident like heck! Then everyone 
will think I'm a pervert!> Musashi bit his lip. <Especially Ayeka...Oh man, 
she won't let me even SEE Sasami after this.> He looked over to Ayeka, who 
was not looking at all pleased.

	"Well..." Musashi paused, he  fought over a decison, On side of him said: 
<Let her teach you! It may strengthen the bond you two have together!>, but 
the other retorted: <Don't do it, Ayeka will skin alive, pal! Besides you 
have never needed to know how to swim before in your life, so why now?> But 
the other side insisted: <Oh nonsense! What about your first adventure you 
had in Allucaneet Palace? You nearly drowned over a thousand times! You need 
to know it man!> Musashi fought with himself for a awhile, but then he 
realized Sasami was waving in front of his face.

	"Well....?" She said, repeating his last words. Musashi looked at her. So 
beautiful, he couldn't resist. Those pink eyes, her cyan hair, the cute 
smile planted on her face. He gave in to his boyish desires and decided to 
make her happy.

	"I..." He replied, "I guess..." He saw Ayeka's face twist from the corner 
of his eye, he also thought he saw steam coming out of the water around her. 
<Oh crap...She is gunna kill me fer sure. There's no way she'll let Sasami 
teach me!> Then Musashi realized something, "Sasami! I can't...really...I 
don't have a swimsuit..."

	"You can borrow one of mine.", Said Link, who had been listening to the 
conversation, on the side of the pool. Musashi and Sasami looked at him, "I 
have two other swim trunks, they are in our room, Musashi." Musashi bit his 
lip and nodded. Sasami smiled.

	"That's so sweet, Link." Sasami giggled, Link flushed slightly, making 
Musashi feel a slight burn of jealousness. Link scratched the back of his 
head.

	"Hey, he is my friend..." Link replied, "Friends look out for friends..." 
Suddenly, he felt a soft arm wrap around his chest. A young, sexy voice 
whispered into his left ear.

	"That *is* very sweet of you." It was Washu, "You sexy little boy you..." 
Link felt his heart rush at the word 'sexy'. He tried to pull free again, 
but Washu's grip held ever firm, ever still. Sasami giggled at the 
specatile, and Musashi, himself, chuckled a little bit.

	"Need some help?" Musashi asked Link, who was still struggling with the mad 
female genius.

	"Musashi, you can't swim...urgh!" Link growled, trying to pull free, 
"So...you...wouldn't...be...able...to...argh!...help... me...very...well! 
Just go get the swimsuit! I think...I can...oh nevermind. " He finished 
saying as Washu wraped her arms around Link in a tight hug. Sasami's giggles 
broke out into laughter, she was having a difficult time trying to restain 
herself. Musashi nodded, got up and walked off to the inn.

	Sasami's laughter was disrupted by the sound of her sister's voice, 
"Sasami..." Sasami turned to see Ayeka, who had swam over to Sasami's side 
to talk to her. She looked and sounded a bit aggravated. "Sasami..." She 
repeated, "are you really going to teach Musashi how to swim?"

	"Sure." Sasami replied, "Is that a problem?"

	"Sasami..." Ayeka continued, a bit more frustrated, "I really don't want 
you teaching him how to swim. For one thing, you can't possibly teach him 
all there is to know about it in one day!" Ayeka was sure that she had 
pinned Sasami, but she was wrong.

	"Yeah..." Sasami agreed, "but we are staying here for a week aren't we? I'm 
sure I can teach him most of what he needs to know by then!" She giggled, 
Ayeka sighed and sank into the water, "You thought I was going to teach him 
all of it today? That's impossible!" Ayeka was still not satisfied.

	"Of course you can!" Ryoko jumped into the conversation before Ayeka could 
rebut Sasami's reason, "I'll bet there are lots of people who can learn in a 
week!" Ayeka grumbled to herself, getting annoyed by the situation at hand.

	"Ryoko...you are not in this conversation." Ayeka countered, "Therefor-", 
She was cut-off by Washu, who had let go of Link at the time. She went to 
Ayeka's left side and smiled at her.

	"Hey! I've known people who master swimming in a couple of days, Ayeka." 
Washu grinned, Ayeka flustered, her patience was wearing thin, "What are you 
so worried about Ayeka? I'm sure Muasahi will be fine!"

	"Now wait a second!" Ayeka barked, almost yelling, "Let me finish 
explaining my point. Sasami..." She added looking at her sister, "I would 
prefer it if someone *else* taught Musashi, like Link or Tenchi. But I *do 
not* want you to teach him! Understand?" Sasami looked crushed, Ayeka was 
about to continue with her rant, but she was grabbed from both sides, two 
voices sounded together in chorus.

	"Oh, chill out, Ayeka!" Both Ryoko and Washu said simulatiously, they 
pulled her to the other side of the pool where they could whisper to her. 
Ayeka struggled viciously, but Ryoko and Washu both made sure she would not 
escape.

	"Stop it!" She shouted, "Let go of me!" Washu and Ryoko both held her firm. 
"Why are you doing this?"

	"Because it's cute!" Washu replied, smiling. Ryoko on Ayeka's left, 
giggled. "I think it's important for girls and guys to be interested in each 
other. And also..." She paused, "I think Sasami and Musashi make a cute 
couple, don't you? Besides she isn't hitting on Tenchi anymore so that 
lowers the comptetion on him!"

	"You don't understand!", Ayeka said, her eyes wide with desperation, "I'm 
only trying to protect Sasami from that perverted boy!" Washu and Ryoko both 
gave Ayeka strange and dissaproving looks. Ayeka looked back and forth 
between Ryoko and Washu, desperately hoping to see if one of them would show 
signs of supporting her.

	"Ayeka..." Washu said, "You're right...Musashi is a *little bit* of a 
pervert." Washu explained, her eyes full of seriousness, making Ayeka listen 
with full attention, "But he is nowhere as sick as Noboyuki! All teenage 
boys are bit perverse. I wouldn't be surprised if Link or Tenchi are 
slightly perverted! It's just hardly noticeable. But it is a *proven* 
scientifical fact, that *one* day or another a teenage boy will look at a 
girl and think a dirty thought!" Ayeka looked down as Washu sighed deeply, 
"Ayeka, you may not realize this, but Musashi, for most of his life, lived 
by himself, alone."

	"Huh?" Ayeka looked up, a bit surprised. Even Ryoko was surprised, they 
both listened to the scientist carefully.

	"Musashi's parents died when he was very young." As Washu explained, Ryoko 
remembered Musashi's voice trailing in her mind. 'I don't really have any 
parents, Ryoko.', he had said. Ryoko could even put an image to it. Where he 
said it was in some arena-like place. For some odd reason, she remembered 
feeling a bit excited before this, she couldn't understand why. But she knew 
she had recovered another piece of her memory. Ryoko listened carefully as 
Washu continued explaining.

	"Although a Seer from his town decided to take Musashi up as his discple, 
Musashi lived in a house all alone in his town." Ayeka was listening with 
great interest, even Link had collected enough bravery to come near Washu to 
hear her speak, "He taught himself how to take care of himself and he set 
rules and restrictions for himself. From that, Musashi knows how to control 
himself in most ways. Sasami will be fine..." Washu smiled, she looked over 
to see Tenchi walking over in black swim trunks, "And look who is coming 
over, Ayeka! Tenchi will put your mind at ease." Ryoko nodded, even though 
she had her own plans for Tenchi. Washu waved to Sasami and nodded to her to 
tell Sasami that it was ok to teach Musashi.

	"Hi, girls!" Tenchi smiled at them all, Ryoko, Ayeka and Washu blushed, 
"How's the water?" Ryoko swam over to him, making purring noises, "Uh...I 
see you are happy to see me, Ryoko." Ayeka immediately swam over and pushed 
Ryoko aside. She tried to talk to him, but Sasami interrupted.

	"Oh, Tenchi hello!" She waved at him. Tenchi threw a surprised look at 
Sasami.

	"Whoa...Is that your swimsuit, Sasami?" He asked, amazed, Sasami nodded, 
"Well, you look very nice in it." Sasami giggled loudly.

	"I know..."

	"Lord Tenchi!" Tenchi looked to see Ayeka at the edge in the water near 
him. Tenchi immediately flushed red. He scratched the back of his head. 
Ayeka smiled at him.

	"L-Lady Ayeka!" Tenchi stammered, "Uh...hi!" Ryoko growled in the 
background. She looked as if she wanted to rend Ayeka apart, her teeth 
gritted, she was very jealous of the princess. Washu swam over to the edge 
too and threw Tenchi a wink.

	"Lord Tenchi, " Ayeka smiled deeply, "Won't you join us? The water is very 
nice. Please come in." Washu grinned.

	"Yeah, Tenchi!" She snickered, Tenchi bit his lip, "Come on, you don't 
wanna miss the fun! Come on! Don't be shy, this isn't the woman's bath you 
know." Tenchi nodded, but he was bit hestitate to get in, or more likely 
cornered. Where ever he tired to go to get in, the girls would follow him.

	"Oh come on, ladies!" They all turned to the voice behind Tenchi, "At least 
give'em some *room* to get into!" It was Musashi, he was wearing some blue 
swim trunks that matched with his hair color. Muscles rounded about his 
chest and stomach, he looked like one of those thin, muscluar men on the 
work-out commericals. It was Sasami's turn to have her mouth gape wide open 
at him.

	"Wow, Musashi..." Sasami, blushing, giggled. Musashi turned a bit pink 
himself. He just smiled at her. "I guess you are ready now, huh?" Musashi 
nodded. Sasami led him over to the shallow side of the pool. Meanwhile, 
Ayeka, Ryoko and Washu moved back to let Tenchi in, who jumped right in.

	"I love swimming pools." Tenchi said. Suddenly, he felt two arms grab his 
left arm and held it tightly.

	"And I love you, Tenchi..." It was Ryoko, her golden cat-like eyes 
shimmered and gleemed uncontrollably. Ayeka swam over to Tenchi and tried to 
push Ryoko off of him.

	"But *obviously*," She said, "he doesn't seem to be enjoying your presence, 
Ryoko." Ayeka sneered at her rival, Ryoko just merely snickered. She grabbed 
Tenchi defensivly and began to fake cry.

	"Oh boo-whoo!" She faked her tears, she looked into Tenchi's face, "oh, 
Tenchiiiii! Ayeka is being so mean to me! How could you *ever* love someone 
as awful as *her*?" Suddenly, Tenchi drifts away from Ryoko and Ayeka, Washu 
is pulling him away.

	"But in truth!" Washu grinned, "And also a scientificly proven fact, Tenchi 
loves *me*. Isn't that right, Tenchi??" Tenchi hesitated to answer, but 
Washu continued, "See? His silence is proof of our deep love for each 
other!" Tenchi made of sound of protest, but it was too late, an angry pair 
of hot heads, Ayeka and Ryoko had already jumped on him to get Washu.

	"Hoo-hoo!" A voice called from the edge of the pool, "*Another* cat-fight!" 
The girls stopped fighting to see Tenchi's dad, Noboyuki, holding their 
worst fear. A camera. "Hehehe," His cheeks were red, the pervert, "I gotta 
take a picture for memories."

	"The only thing you want to use that camera for is taking pictures of us 
that you can leer at!" Ayeka barked at Noboyuki. Washu, Ryoko and Tenchi all 
nodded in unsion. Tenchi shook his head at his father. He was very 
dissappointed in his Father's behavior.

	"Dad...", He said, narrowing his eyes, "will you ever grow up?" Noboyuki 
threw a wink at them all, "I guess not..." Tenchi replied, Ryoko nodded and 
raised her hand. She formed a ball of red energy and shot it at the camera. 
It hit directly, causing an explosion. "Nice shot, Ryoko!" Tenchi said.

	Noboyuki whimpered sadly, "But...I only wanted to take a picture...just 
one." He pleaded, "and that was a new camera too." Ryoko laughed.

	"Actually, I saved that camera from being deflied..." She laughed 
hysterically. Tenchi, Ayeka and Washu couldn't help but snicker. "It serves 
you right, Mr. Pervert!" Ryoko chuckled sadisticly. She then began to 
whisper to Tenchi, Ayeka and Washu, "But we best keep an eye on him. Knowing 
Tenchi's Dad, he probably has a whole suitcase of cameras and video 
cameras."

	"I agree, Ryoko." Ayeka nodds, suddenly Washu calls out excitedly pointing 
to the shallow end of the swimming pool. Everyone turns to look, there 
Musashi is testing his kicking ability which is getting Sasami all wet.

	"Ah, Que romantico..." Washu says, "Isn't so cute!?" She giggles, Ryoko 
giggles along with her.  Tenchi is interested.

	"Hey, what are they doing over there?" He asked, watching Sasami help 
Musashi with a simple stroke. "Are they playing some sort of game?" Washu 
and Ryoko both laughed. Ayeka still, even after being assured, was doubtful 
on whether Musashi would use this situation to his advantage or not. She 
folded her arms, spitefully.

	"No..." Ryoko answered, "Sasami is teaching Musashi how to swim..." She 
leans over and whispers into Tenchi's ear, "That's why Sasami has that cute 
swimsuit on." Tenchi couldn't believe it. Ryoko giggled loudly, and used 
*this* situation to her advantage, she slowly wrapped her arms around 
Tenchi, "It's a great way for a boy and girl to strengthen their bonds of 
love...what do you say?" Ryoko looks into Tenchi's face and cocks her brows. 
Tenchi tries to back away from Ryoko.

	"Um...." Tenchi bites his lower lip, "Ryoko...umm...What are you doing?" 
Ryoko's face gleemed, at least until a slap from Ayeka smushed it. Ryoko 
turned to her rival, growling.

	"Stay off, Lord Tenchi, Ryoko!" She growled, Ryoko was was not in the mood 
for this.

	"Alright, you ugly craphead!" Ryoko jumped on Ayeka, "Let's see how you 
deal with this!" Ryoko gave Ayeka a double-slap to the face, leaving both of 
the cheeks stinging with the color of red. Ayeka growled and shot lighting 
at Ryoko from her eyes, Ryoko did the same, and it met, as always, in the 
center. Meanwhile, Sasami was leading Musashi into deeper water to teach him 
something new.

	"Wow..." She said, "I had no idea you'd learn so fast!" Musashi grinned at 
her, "well," She added,  "now its time to learn how to tread!" Musashi 
looked at Sasami, strangely.

	"'Tread'?" Musashi said, "What's that?" He asked as he grabbed on to the 
edge of the pool.

	"Treading is where you keep your head above water when you can't touch the 
bottom of the pool." Sasami explained, "Watch, I'm doing it right now." 
Sasami added. Musashi looked at her and shrugged. "Do you see how it's 
done?" Musashi shrugged slowly, looked again and then shook his head.

	"I can't really tell what you're doin'..." Musashi said. "Jus' how do you 
tread?"

	"Simple, " Sasami answered, "Just move your legs as if you were riding a 
bicycle and move your arms in a circular motion like this." Sasami 
demonstrated by moving her legs in a circular movement, vertically as if she 
were rotating a wheel between her legs, she moved her arms in a simliar 
fashion horizantally. Musashi saw what she was doing and nodded.

	"Ok!" She said, "Now why don't you try it, Musashi?" Musashi let go and 
tried to imtiate Sasami's motions before. However, Musashi found himself 
slipping under the water, his panic rising to it's maximum level. Suddenly, 
two arms grabbed him and pulled him out of the water. He held tightly to 
their owner.

	"Uh...Musashi?" He heard Sasami's voice near him, he moved back to see that 
he had been holding on to Sasami, who had helped him out. Sasami was 
blushing a deep red, Musashi had been practically hugging her for 
protection. Sasami shook her head and smiled at Musashi. "Don't panic. " She 
said, "If you panic like you just did, then you will drown. Haven't you ever 
ridden a bicycle before, Musashi?"

	"Um..." Musashi shook his head, "I never learn'd how to ride one." Sasami 
sighed.

	"Alright," Sasami said, "This may be a bit harder than I thought." She 
giggled, "Don't mover your legs together, do one after another, like when 
you are swimming." Musashi nodded.

	"Oh!" He said, grinning, "I get it now." He tried again, this time he 
managed to keep his spikey head above the water, although struggling to do 
it. "Oh man..." He grunted, "This is tough...It's takin' all my energy ta do 
this..." Sasami giggled gleefully again, trying to cover it with her hand. 
"What?" Musashi said, confusingly.

	"It's ok, Musashi." Sasami said, "You'll get used to it." She nodded at 
him, and Musashi nodded back. It was going to be a great week.
