Disclaimer : Dear Readers I'm here to tell you that I
do NOT own these characters, Tenchi Muyo was created
by and Masaki Kajishima, and was brought to us by
Pioneer LDC and AIC, as for Sailor Moon, 3x3 Eyes,
Dragon Ball, Ranma ½, Slayer, and some other anime and
video games that's in here, also don't belong to me.
So, please don't sue me! I don't have any money! I'm
just a poor poor little girl that's trying to write a
pathetic little story.

Just one more thing, in this series, some of the
character's age are different (Ex: Usagi age: 18), and
some will remain the same (Ex: Ryoko age: 17(this
fanfic is based on the TV series)) and I will tell you
that in the story, but just incase you didn't read
that part, I'm telling you now.

Now you may read the fanfic.

Unthinkable Past
2. Dimensional Cross
*Dream*

Ai was floating in the darkness, she looked around her
and her heart tightened, she was petrified. Something
about this darkness give her the chills, she hated it.
She could see nothing, hear nothing, all there was the
darkness that surrounded her. "Hello?" she said in a
small voice, "Could someone please help me?" her
request was answered, but not the way she wanted.

"Miss Ryoko! Leave lord Tenchi, alone!" a sharp female
voice yelled.

*Flash* a sharp pain went though Ai's head like a
thousand needles, she grabbed her head and screamed
for the pain to stop, but it didn't and the voice
echoed on.

"Ryoko! Stop it! Let go of me!" this time was an angry
male voice.

*Flash* even more pain, Ai whimpered in fright as the
pain was starting to become unbearable, "What is going
on!" she screamed, hoping to stop the pain.

"Ryoko! What have you done, you monster woman?!" the
same female.

"Ryoko! Stop it!" the same male voice.

"Miss Ryoko! How dare you! You will pay for that!"
female voice.

"Ryoko! Look what have you done?!" male voice.

"Stop it! Please stop it!" Ai begged, tears flowing
down her cheeks. The pain was so intense, she felt
like her head was being smashed open, yet she could do
nothing. She was helpless.

The voices continued on, this time it give her no
break, it was all jumbled up. The pain was getting
more and more fierce, Ai screamed and cried, but it
was no use, her Takuhi was not there with her and she
couldn't feel the elemental spirts. The darkness was
like a huge vacuum, sucking away all her energy, and
she was being swallowed by the pain. She can't this
any more, with the last of her energy she screamed as
loud as she could. "STOP IT!"

*End of dream*

Ai sat up from her bed covered in cold sweat, she
closed her eyes as she gaped for air. After she had
calmed a bit she reopened her eyes. It surprised her
that her distress had managed to disturbed the
elemental sprits in such manner.

There six ball of elemental sprits surrounded her in a
protective ring. They all had different colors that
resembles the 6 elemental powers on earth. Green,
earth; violet, wind; red, fire; blue, water; white,
light: the last one was one of Ai's specialities, it
was her presentation season, baby pink, spring.

Ai smiled, concentrated her aura in order to talk to
the sprits, "Thank you sprits. I'm fine now, but I
would be grateful if you could watch over me for
tonight."

The balls started to glow, twirl around her for a bit,
then settled down again, this the balls had became
smaller, but they glowed in a bright light. Ai smiled
and closed her eyes to return to her sleep, this time
a lot more peaceful.

*****

Ai opened her eyes to the bright sun light, she
mourned as she grabbed her pillow and covered her head
with it, trying  to go back to sleep, she was still
tired from the dream she had last night. Suddenly her
eyes snapped open when she remembered the elemental
sprits. She looked around her and smiled as she saw
the six balls of sprits were still watching over her.
She concentrated her aura again, "Thank you sprits.
You may return now."

All the balls glowed a bit then they all disappeared.

Ai got up from her bed and looked around her room
smiling, she had already been back for three month,
now. It was wonderful to be with her family, everyone
was so kind, but she missed Pai and Yakumo. At home
she could never use her full power, because she know
it was not allowed, no one must know her secret.
However, she could always use her more intense powers
as the ‘Mysterious Lady'. She smirked at the memory of
the first meeting with the Sailor Scouts.

*Flashback*

On a street of J      , people running away screaming
as a huge black bear looking monster destroying
everything in it's way. Around the monster, were
crashed buildings, houses. Suddenly there was a flash
of light, as six figures appeared.

"Hold it right there you monster!" yelled the one with
the wired looking blond, meatball style hair. "We are
the Sailor Scouts, warriors of love and justice! We
will punish you!"

Sailor Moon and the others rushed up to the monster
and attacked with different attacks with very little
effect.

All the sailor decided to attack all together, so all
of them used their special attacks. Soon a huge
display of energy was made, the Sailors all screamed
in union as they shoot the huge amount of energy at
the demon, but to their surprise, the energy never
contacted the demon, instead, just at the last mount
if demon, hissed as in anger and jumped, the bean of
energy blow up several buildings behind the demon, but
did very little to the actual demon. All the Sailors
were getting scared.

"What are we going to do?" Ami asked taking a step
back.

No one was able to give her an answer, but suddenly a
huge bird monster appeared up in the sky, and on that
bird monster was the that ‘Mysterious Lady' again, but
this time she was wearing a huge green cape, instead
of that red one. All the Sailors looked at her in awe.

The ‘Mysterious Lady's' monster took her near the
demon, just then the demon took held up one of it's
huge arm and brought it down hard hoping to crash the
‘Mysterious Lady' and her pet. However, to its
surprise, the ‘Mysterious Lady' jumped high up into
the air and avoided the attack, while her pet flew to
another direction to avoid the attack, as soon as it
saw its mistress had jumped away safely.

The ‘Mysterious Lady' soon came down from the sky, her
cape flowing in all direction showing her beautifully
shaped legs, and then gracefully landed on the
monster's arm. She held out her hands, rest them on
the monster's arm. She closed her eyes in
concentration for a few seconds, then. "Earth Touch!!
Ahhhhh!!!"

At first the monster's arm started to glow in a green
light, then a nauseating sound of bones cracking was
heard, followed with the smell of burning flesh, at
last, the whole arm exploded into little bits as a
rush of purple blood bursted out of the monster
shoulder where the arm use to be, like a volcano. The
‘Mysterious Lady' did a beautiful mid-air somersault
and landed on the ground, as pieces of flesh, and
drips of blood, came raining down all over the place.

The monster went wild, it screamed and hissed in pain
as it crashed everything in it's pass.

The ‘Mysterious Lady' snarled at the monster in anger,
and called "Takuhi!". The flying monster came rushing
over as soon as it heard it's mistress's call as the
‘Mysterious Lady' jumped on it's back, and instructed
for her pet to move closer to the monster. Takuhi did
as it was told and flow closer to the monster, but the
monster hissed at it and once again tried to crash
Takuhi.

However, this time instead of avoiding, Takuhi opened
it's sharp claws, grabbed on to the monster's arm. It
sink the claws into the flesh as the blood spurted out
from the wound. The monster howled in pain as Takuhi
ripped the arm right out of it's socket!

This just give the ‘Mysterious Lady' enough time to
get closer to the monster, she jumped on it's right
shoulder this time, and once again put her hand on the
monster, Then she concentrated. However, this time she
had more concentration into it, soon she screamed.
"EARTH TOUCH!!! YAAAAA!!!" Soon the monster's hole
body once again started to glow that alien green
light, and once again that the sickening sound of
bones cracking, breaking, then the disgusting smell of
burning flesh, at last, the remain of the monster
exploded, little bits of it's blood, flesh, brain,
heart, kidney, liver... all went flying in every
directions.

Everyone looked in disgust, as the pieces landed near
them.

As soon as the ‘Mysterious Lady' landed on the ground,
she looked around at the really racked city and
sighed. She closed her eyes and concentrated, slowly
she called out several commands in order to cast a
major damage healing spell for the city. Suddenly,
many pieces of the building that monster had trashed
start glow in a strange pink light, then *flash* they
all went flying in many directions, and in about 3
minutes later most of the major buildings that were
destroyed, were standing again. There were only
several small houses or so, were still broken.

‘Mysterious Lady' smiled in satisfactory at her work
as she breathed raggedly, "I'm so tired. Well, at
least most of the buildings are fine again. TAKUHI!!
Let's go!" The bird monster came as soon as it heard
it's mistress's call, the ‘Mysterious Lady' jumped on
it's back once again, then she swayed a bit, and
kneeled down on Takuhi's back, she was exhausted from
all that spell casting. Takuhi was about to leave,
when someone yelled.

"Please wait!" Sailor Moon yelled. "We need to talk to
you!"

‘Mysterious Lady' turned to look at the Sailor Scouts
for a moment before nodding and jumping off Takuhi to
talk them. "Takuhi wait here for a bit." She walked
towards the Sailors using her sprit staff for support
as they ran over to meet her.

"Yes? What's wrong?" The ‘Mysterious Lady' asked as
the other girls reached her.

"Oh, nothing is wrong, just we wants to know who are
you? And why did you helped us on our fight? I mean it
is really none of your business." Mars asked, sounding
a bit bitter.

‘Mysterious Lady' chuckle tiredly under her cover, and
replied. "Who I am is none of your business, as for
the fight, well how do you know that it's your fight?"

All the Sailors looked at her for a moment, realizing
that she was right, they really don't know who was the
monster sent for, so they can't say anything about
that, but they figured they could find out who she
was.

"Well, we are the Sailor Scouts, famous pretty
warriors of love and justice. Anyone would honored to
know that we want to know their name." Retorted Sailor
Jupiter.

The ‘Mysterious Lady' smirked, and said, "Well, pretty
warriors, why don't you tell everyone who you are
first?"

"Our identity must be kept secrete." answered Sailor
Chibi Moon.

"Well, so must mine." replied the ‘Mysterious Lady' as
she called her flying monster once again, and jumped
on it preparing to leave, but just as she was bout to
go she give the Sailors one last note. "Oh, by the way
your identities are no longer a secrete to me,
*whisper* Usagi, Ami, Rei, Makoto, Minako, Usa." Then
she left as all the Sailors just stood there mouth
hang wild open, in total shock.

*****

As soon as the ‘Mysterious Lady' got near her house,
she transformed back to her normal cloth, and returned
to her home.

As soon as she got back into her room, Ai (I'll remind
you one more time, Ai is really Ryoko) fell onto her
bed, she was way too tried from using a whole bunch of
powerful spells at that short amount of time. Suddenly
she giggle. ‘Boy did I scare the sh** out of those
Sailors or what! Ha ha!' she thought as she remember
the look on the Sailors faces as she left.

*End of flash back*

Ai giggled as she thought of the memory, "Maybe I
shouldn't have told them I know who they are, and that
was not really nice, but I can't help it! The second
time I saw them they were totally chasing after me
trying to find out who I am. He he."

"Ai!" the voice of her mother that she had heard so
many times be fore called again."

"Yes mother what is it?" She asked, as she grabbed one
of her uniform, and was putting it on.

"Come down and eat sweetheart. You have to finish you
meal before you go to school." her mother told her.

"I'll be right down mother!" replied Ai as she
finished dressing her uniform, which was the same as
Usagi's, and was now fixing her hair, she had decided
to change her hair a bit. The two pieces of red
ribbons that tied her two strip of hair on both side
of her face into pig-tails were still there, but
instead of tying her long cyan hair onto a loose pony
tail behind her back by the golden ring that has three
odd looking gem in it, it was tied into a water
fountain style that looked was cute for her. As soon
as that was done she grabbed the her sprit stick that
was flowing by her side, and ran out of her room.

"Ai, here you go sweetheart." Ms. Tsukino handed her
the breakfast she had made, as she saw her daughter
came down the stairs. Then she brought out Ai's school
bag along with a small lunch bag. "This is your lunch,
honey. Don't forget it."

"Right mother." answered Ai while stuffing her face
with food.

Soon her father, sister, brother, and cousin, joined
her for breakfast. Ai was has already been going to
school for more than 2 month and 3 weeks  now, her
mother let her stay at home the first week because she
got back, because she was not totally healed then, and
she still isn't, also she needed to get use to her new
home, family and friend. She made a lot of friends at
school, some of her friends are somewhat weird, but
good friends.

"Here are your lunches." Ms. Tsukino handed Usagi,
Usa, and Sammy their lunch bags. "Hurry up, or your
going to be late for school."

All the youngsters of the family, rushed out of the
door as soon as the lunch was finished.

"Ai! Usa! Usagi! Sammy! Be careful!" Ms. Tsukino
called out to her children as they went out of the
door.

"We will!" All of they replied in union.

*****

On the way to school all of them were chatting,
giggling, laughing, before some of them went in
different directions, as Usagi went the direction of
her collage, Usa went to the direction of her school,
leaving Sammy and Ai to go to the direction of high
school.

"How did you do on that test?" Ai asked as Sammy
moaned.

"Not too well, hopefully I could get a better mark on
the next one, I really need to get my mark up or mom
and dad will yell at me just like they did to Usagi
before." Sammy answered, as tears came out of his eyes
like water fountains.

"Oh my! Aren't you like you sister!" Ai teased her
brother at the way he is ‘crying'.

"I am not anything like her!" Sammy retorted back.

Ai made a incredibly sad face at Sammy, "Is it really
that bad to be like me?"

"Wait Ai that's not what I meant." Sammy tried to
comfort his ‘sister', he hated when Ai was hurt. Ai
turned her back to him, and hugged her staff to her,
while making sobbing noises. "Come, don't cry I didn't
mean that, I was talking about Usagi, I would love to
be like you." He put his hand on her shoulder, and
tried to turn her around to face him. "Please look at
me, Ai. Don't cry please? I really sorry ok? Please
forgive me."

Suddenly Ai turned around with this monster face, then
laughed, "Gotcha! Ha ha! Well at least you took it
better Ranma. He went wild the time I tried it on him.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!"

"Well, now you know one weakness for boys, crying
girls." Sammy also smiled, for some reasons he could
never get mad at his sister.

Ai give a soft smile to her ‘brother', then keep on
walking, enjoy each others company for a while before
a yell was called to them.

"Hey, Ai-chan wait up!"

Ai turned at the sound of the voice, but she already
knew who it was. Soon the small group of people rushed
to catch up with her. "Hey, Lina, Amelia, Sylpheel,
Martina, Xellos, Gourry, Zelgadis! Hurry we need to
get to school."

Soon the group stopped as they reached Ai and each
giving her their special greetings.

Lina, Amelia, and Sylpheel all give Ai a friendly
huge, and a few greeting words with smiles. Martina,
Zelgadis, and Gourry greeted her with smiles and
friendly words. While Xellos and Ai exchanged a few
words by ear-shot, and ended with Xellos giving Ai a
peck on the cheek and one last word from Xellos, as
the two both smiled.

"Well, what the occasion? I didn't expect all of you
here." Ai asked at her friends, just then she notice
the look Zelgadis was giving her. "Sammy, you go
ahead, I might keep you late too."

Sammy nodded, as he hurried head leaving his sister
wither her friends, he know that his sister has weird
friends, even though he wanted to know what is going
on he decided the best thing for him to do is leave.

"Now," Ai continued as the group was alone, "What is
going on?"

"Ai, you, Lina, and Amelia need to go to school right
now. So, we will meet at the shop this afternoon when
the school is finished. Tell the others." Xellos
explained to Ai, as she nodded in understanding.

"Don't worry I got it covered." Ai smiled in
confidence, "Well, we better get going."

Then the group split up, when to do what they should
be doing until the meeting.

*****

Soon the three girls were near the gate of the school,
and just as they expected their friends were there
waiting for them.

"All three of them, great! Save me the trouble to look
for them." Ai smiled happily, as she saw that all of
her friends were there waiting for her, Ranma, Akane,
and Gohan.

"Yo, Ai, Lina, Ameila!" Ranma called to the three
girls, "Hurry up! We don't want to be late!"

"Ranma, Akane, Gohan, great! Your all here." Ai smiled
at her friends.

"Of course!" Akane said, "we wait for you guys here
everyday don't we?"

"Meeting after school." Ai replied seriously.

"Uh?" Gohan was a bit surprised at that, "Something
happened?"

"Don't know, I think it's pretty serious." Lina
answered for Ai.

The others nodded as the small group went into the
school.

*****

School day went by like any before, Akane and Ranma
fighting, Lina almost fireballs somebody and blow the
cover, Ai secretly kills some minor demons that popped
up trying to kill her, Gohan tries to kill the jerks
that was giving Ai love letters, And Sammy have not a
clue was is happening to his school.

*****

After school:

Huge amount of students came out of the school each
holding their book bags, giggling, laughing, talking.
Then a group of 4 girls and 2 boys came, the group is
small, but who know the ones in the group could change
the world!

"Ai-chan, how did you do on that math test?" Lina
asked her friend as they headed for their meeting.

"Ok, I guess." Ai answered looking at her friend,
"What about you?"

Lina's head dropped, and started to cry dramatically.
"The math teacher must hate me!"

"That bad huh?" Ai looked at her miserable friend, yet
couldn't help but smile at her act.

"Hey Ai, how's your study on that spell book going?"
Gohan asked. The team all know about Ai's spell
casting, Ai is always practicing her skill on spells,
she has many books on them and is always studying them
to learn more effective spells. Also she had this
strange healing power that came very useful when in
battle. Lina had wanted to learn Ai's spells, but
found that Ai's spells were in a different form, than
her own so, it was not really possible.

"It's going pretty good over all I suppose, but there
still is that strange healing power I mastered. I
can't find any healing spells in the books of our
spell school. My masters said maybe I was born with
it. Oh, only if I can remember who I really am." Ai
looked wishfully at the sky as she said the last
several words.

All of her friends know of her condition and about
some of her powers, though she never told them that
she was half Sanjiyan Unkara, the only one other than
Pai and Yakumo who knew about that was Xellos. It all
started when she went to school at first she thought
it was going to be fine and all she has to do is hide
her powers, but who know she was going to meet those
group of people.

Ranma and Akane, those two decided they wanted to get
away from the madness of Nerima and came here for
school.

Gohan, he appeared out of nowhere into here, believed
that's some kind of alien magic.

Lina and her group came almost the same way as Gohan.

Since some of them were all the same age and all, they
meet each other, and it was not a long time after they
have met they found out each other's secrete. At first
their meetings were all different and all very
interesting, but now that they have discovered each
other, they formed a little group to keep the world
safe. Running around fighting monsters was very often.
They often had meetings to talk about then the enemies
they are facing.

"Ai I'm sure someday you'll find out someday." Akane
tried to cheer up her friend.

"And in the main time you have us to keep you busy!"
Ranma added, giving her a big smile.

"Oh yeah, that's just what I need." Ai said
sarcastically, then laughed with the others.

The group walked and talked until they reached a small
shop, and here were the other members of their team,
Xellos, Gourry, Zelgadis, Martina, and Sylpheel,
standing outside waiting for them. As it turns out,
the other members of their team decided to built a
little shop and work there, so that's where most of
the meetings took place.

"Now that everyone is here let's go inside." Martina
looked at the group, as the others nodded and
followed.

As soon as everyone was inside, Gourry closed the door
of the shop. The shop was closed for the meeting, so
there were no one there to interrupt them. The group
settled down at a table in a room be hide the shop.

"So, what's going on?" Ranma went straight to the
point with that question.

"Have you noticed that there are less monsters in this
area these days?" Sylpheel asked, and everyone nodded,
that fact was true, not only the number of the monster
have decreased, they were also weaker, small things
any number of the team could finish with one blow.

"Yeah, and their so weak I actually feel sorry for
them." Ranma shook his head in disappointment.

"Don't this make you worry?" asked Xellos, "I think
the boss of those monsters in trying to do something.
And there is still the fact that we don't know who is
the master of these monsters, how powerful he really
is."

"Maybe, but what if it's just that those Sailor Scouts
are working a bit harder now?" Akane asked.

"It doesn't matter! We must stop this the leader of
the monsters in the name of love and justice..."
Amelia starts another one of her speeches as everyone
moaned.

*****

Back in the Tenchi house hold, it's been 6 month since
Ryoko had disappeared, everyone in the house hold have
missed her. Tenchi blames himself for her departure,
he often ignore his family and friends, he stays in
his room a lot, and often stares at a picture of
Ryoko. He is better with the help of his family, but
he still misses her and was sure would never stop
missing her. Aeyka even though say she did not miss
Ryoko, knows in her heart that's not true, she
sometimes would go to Washu in secrete to asked if it
is possible to go and find Ryoko. Ryoko was one of the
few people she actually trust, it may sound weird, but
she knew Ryoko will always be there for her friends
and she does count Aeyka as a friend. Sasami is not
doing very well either, she misses her friend very
much, Ryoko and her have always been very good
friends, they often have their ‘girl talks'. Ryo-oh-ki
misses her mistress very much, her link shut off when
Ryoko had left, so you often see her sitting by the
window wishing for her mistress to return. Washu now
is often locked up in her lad, Mihoshi and Kiyone were
also missing Ryoko, both of them are less happy.
Needless to say, the whole family misses Ryoko.

And today was just like any other day there with no
Ryoko. That is when a sudden *BOOM* was heard in
Washu's lab. The whole family rushed to the lad in
order to see what was happening.

"Wha...what's going on Washu? Are you alright?" Tenchi
asked surprised to see that the lab is almost to
pieces.

"Whew! That dimensional game is harder to make than I
thought!" Washu sighed as she got out from a pile of
broken machines.

"Dimensional game?" Aeyka asked in bewilderment.

"She must meant this! Hmm.. I wonder what this button
is for..." Mihoshi picked up a small devise that was
on the ground.

Washu screamed and waved her arms up and down in an
inhuman speed as she saw Mihoshi picked up that
devise, "MIHOSHI DON'T PRESS THAT..."

Mihoshi blinked as she pressed a small round blue
button on the devise.

"...button."

The whole family screamed as the house begin to shake,
Washu didn't even have time to explain as a huge back
hole opened under them and sucked everyone in.

*****

Back to that little shop where Ai or Ryoko was having
the meeting with the others, that was until suddenly
the whole shop started to shake, just like the Masaki
house.

"Wha...what..." Ai didn't even get to finish her
sentence as a huge black hole opened under the group,
and everyone screamed they were sucked into a vacuum
of darkness.

*****

The Tenchi group reappeared at a forest.

"What happened?" Tenchi asked as he looked around the
odd surroundings.

"Well, it just so happened that Mihoshi has activated
the game I've been working on for a while now. And
IT'S SUCH A PERFECT GAME!! I'M SOOO SMART!!"

Everyone sweat drops.

"That's nice, but could you please tell us what is
going on?" Aeyka asked, "And why are we here?"

"Well, uh?" Washu suddenly stopped, "What are we doing
here?!"

Everyone face faulted.

"That's what we were asking." Kiyone said lamely.

"Oh, no! How could this happen?!" Washu screamed.

Everyone sweat drops.

"What are you talking about?" Sasami asked bewildered.

Washu calms down instantly, "We are in a different
dimension."

Huge face faulting all around.

"We kinda figured that out ourselves." Aeyka said in a
annoyed voice.

"Then why are you asking?" Washu asked.

"Why are we here?" Tenchi asked, "Is there a reason we
are here?"

"Well, you see I have been creating a dimensional
game." Washu answered.

"Dimension...game?" Sasami asked, puzzled.

"Yes, you see, I created this dimension, but it's
actually a game. We have characters of both good and
bad. Good characters are required vanquish the
villains. There are two really main characters in this
game, and several sub-main characters, they are the
ones require to destroy the bad characters in this
game." Washu explained.

"And what happens if we don't win?" Tenchi asked
nervously.

"Well, that will be a problem, you see, this is not
just any game, this is a ‘Dimensional' game!" Washu
smile her Everything-I-Make-Is-So-Perfect smile,
"Normally if anyone should play this game, I must be
in our dimension to control this dimension. However
this time there are no one to control this program
this it, so..."

"So what?" Kiyone asked worried.

"Well, our dimension's time is stopped right now..."
Washu said looking at the sky, even though there are
nothing up there.

Everyone sighed in relief that was not really a bad
news, because, when they get back there won't be any
question. However that was not all that is wrong...

"And if the ten wise-mens aren't destroyed in three
month, our dimension will self-destruct, and we'll be
here forever." Washu blushed as she looked at the dirt
at her feet, kicking a small rock with her left leg.

"WHAT?!?!" Everyone shrieked at the same time.

"Well, at least I know my game worked just like I
planed! It is so PERFECT!! Ha ha ha ha ha ha!!!!!!"
Washu yelled happily as she laughed like a lunatic.

Huge-family-style face-faulting with sweat drops
occurs.

*****

Ai moaned as she regained consciousness, but her whole
body hurts, she felt like she had just fell from a
ten-storey building. She put her hand on her forehead
for a few minutes hoping to stop the pounding, then
she slowly allowed her eyes to open, at first she just
let them get use to the light, then when she let them
fully opened, she gaped at the strange, yet beautiful
surroundings. She was in a beautiful forest, the trees
arounder have dark green leafs and big strong
branches, shows that they are very old. Under the
trees are cute little mushrooms, flowers, and soft
light green grass that covered the ground.

Ai moaned as she forced her self into a sitting
position. ‘Where am I?' She asked her self very
puzzled, suddenly an more important thought when
through her mind, "Where is everyone else?! Where is
my staff?! Where is my book bag?!" Ai took an inward
breath as she slowly forced her self to stand up, but
as soon as she did, the world around her started to
spin, and she sat right back down.

"What in the world is going on?" she asked herself in
confusion. Just then a rustle sound was heard from the
bushes near her. She pushed herself a little far away
from the bushes, then looked around her for anything
to defend herself with, but found nothing. Suddenly
whatever was in those bushes making the rustle sounds
decided leaped at her. Ai shirked in fright as she
tried to back away, but was pined down to the ground.
She closed her eyes, and turned her head side ways,
preparing herself for the pain to come. However, all
she felt was something wet, licking her cheeks.

Slowly but cautiously she allowed her eye lids to open
and face her attacker. She gaped in surprise at who it
was.

"Takuhi!"

Indeed it was Takuhi, it was not in it's huge monster
form, and a good thing too, if it was then it could
have crashed Ai, of course it would never do such a
thing to it's owner.

"Takuhi! Oh, it's so good to see your Ok! Do you know
were everyone else is?" Takuhi shook it's head, "Well,
do you know where is my staff and book bag?" Takuhi
squeaked as it flow off for a second, and came back
with Ai's sprit stick and book bag in it's mouth. Ai
took the staff and looked at it see if it's damaged,
the she opened her book bag and reached in there. She
took out a very big and old book. The book is hard
covered, and on the covered was two dragons biting
each other's tails forming a circle, and in the middle
of the circle was a red diamond. Ai checked the book
carefully, she sighed in relief and smile as she sees
that it was not damaged. She put the book back into
her backpack, the turned to Takuhi.

"Thank you Takuhi! Both the sprit staff and spell book
are not damaged! Your wonderful!" She hugged her pet
to her and giggled as Takuhi cooed against her.

*****

Back to Tenchi's group.

"If that's true then we better get going!" Tenchi
yelled, his face full of worry.

"We can't." Washu said calmly.

"Why not?!" Tenchi yelled, he was getting very
frustrated, how in the world could Washu stay so
calm?!

"We are not the main characters." Washu answered,
"Only of the main characters could get us out of here
by defeating the enemies."

"What?" Aeyka looked very bewildered, she never
understand Washu very much but she does know that when
ever Washu creates something it always have something
to do with her or the family. "If you created this
shouldn't it be you or us that are the main
characters."

"Correct, that was why I was a bit puzzled at first.
You see I when created this game that at least one
person from our family is the main character, as for
the other characters, well they could be the friends
of that person, also that person from our family must
be on Earth when this happened. And since none of us
are the main character, then..." Washu looked at the
other meaningfully

All members of the family replied the answer in union.
"Ryoko!"

"Correct again. So there is a fact that we should be
grateful for is game, we just found out Ryoko has
always been on earth." Washu added.

To be continued...

Ryomi: ^_~V I know this is the most stupid fanfic
you've probably ever read!!! I think it's VERY VERY
WERID too!!! So that's why, I might not continue it,
unless people want me to. So E-mail me PLEASE!!!
PLEASE!!! ^_^