Disclaimer : Dear Readers I'm here to tell you that I
do NOT own these characters, Tenchi Muyo was created
by and Masaki Kajishima, and was brought to us by
Pioneer LDC and AIC, as for Sailor Moon, 3x3 Eyes,
Dragon Ball, Ranma ½, Slayer, and some other anime and
video games that's in here, also don't belong to me.
So, please don't sue me! I don't have any money! I'm
just a poor poor little girl that's trying to write a
pathetic little story.

Just one more thing, in this series, some of the
character's age are different (Ex: Usagi age: 18), and
some will remain the same (Ex: Ryoko age: 17(this
fanfic is based on the TV series)) and I will tell you
that in the story, but just incase you didn't read
that part, I'm telling you now.

Now you may read the fanfic.

Unthinkable Past
1. A car accident, An amnesia, A new life
The rain mixed with the tears on her cheeks rolling
down her face as she stood by the little road she had
came to, it had been raining all day, and now she
stand alone out with rain. The rain drenched her hair,
her cloth, her face, her hole body. So refreshing, so
soft, yet so cold. ‘Why is this happing to me Tenchi?'
she thought to herself as more tears came. ‘Why are
you doing this to me?'

*Flashback*

Ryoko walking towards the shrine, then she saw Aeyka
talking to Tenchi, she went closer to talk a look to
see what are they talking about.

"Lord Tenchi," Aeyka said looking at Tenchi, "what do
you think of me?"

"I think of you as a beautiful princess that landed at
my house and given me a whole lot of surprise, Aeyka."
answered Tenchi.

"And what do you think of Ryoko?" asked Aeyka.

Ryoko's heart tightened.

"Uh.." Tenchi stopped for a second, "Why are you
asking me this, Ayeka?"

"I just want to know Tenchi, I don't want you to be
hurt by that monster." replied Aeyka.

"Aeyka," Tenchi looked at Aeyka with an unhappy look,
"you shouldn't talk about ...MMHH!"

Aeyka had just kissed him forcefully on the lips!
Tenchi tried to back away, but some how he could not,
he just stood there.

Ryoko could not believe what had she just saw, she
wanted to scream so badly, but she was frozen in
shock. However that didn't last long, soon she started
to scream on the top of her lungs, Tenchi turned
around in shock, and cried out her name just as she
teleported away.

*End of Flashback*

Ryoko slowly walked on to the little road, without
looking if there are cars coming. At first there was
nothing on the road, but suddenly out of nowhere a car
came to view. Ryoko turned as the car came closer and
closer. Half of her mind was screaming, ‘RUN!! GET OUT
OF THE WAY!!' while the other half was saying, ‘just
let the car hit you, maybe then you'll get away from
all this pain.' her body on the other hand just froze
in place as the car contacted her. She was thrown
across the road and her head came contact with the wet
cold hard ground as she lost consciousness.

*****

"Pai that girl just got hit by a car!" yelled a boy
who is sitting on a large monster with a girl, high up
in the sky.

"Oh, no!" yelled the girl.

*****

"Oh, my god!" a scream came from the car as the car
stop as fast as it could, a woman ran out of the car
and toward the person she had just hit. When she came
close enough, she saw it was a girl at the age of
about 17, and light blue hair, even though she's hurt
very badly, it still doesn't hid the fact that she's
very beautiful. However, this was no time to think
about how she looks, the woman picked up the
unconscious young girl in her arms and slowly and
carefully set her down on the back set of the car. She
drove to the nearest hospital as fast as the car can
go and took the girl to the emergency room. As soon as
the doctors saw the girl's condition, they took the
girl to a room to do some tests to find out just badly
injured is she.

After about 6 hours the doctors finally came out of
the girl's room and the woman walked over as fast as
she could to meet them.

"Is she alright?" asked the woman.

"She has one broken leg and arm, and she took a major
blow on the back of her head that costed her memory
loss. However her life is not in much danger." said
one of the doctors.

"Oh, no!" said the woman, "Do you have any files on
her to find out who her parents are?"

"That the strange thing about the girl, we can't find
any file on her at all!" said an other doctor, "We
looked in many of the hospital in japan and we can't
find any one that fits her description, so my best
guess would be that most likely, she was an orphan."

"Is it possible for me to adopt her?" asked the woman.

"Yes," said the doctor that spoke first, "but are you
sure that'll be a good idea? After all she is at a
very weak state right now, she has no memory of her
past, she lucky that she still remembers how to talk
and that's not including all the injuries she has on
her body, I'm sure she'll most likely not trust you.
And there the fact that we are not sure that she's a
orphan."

"I know, the chances for her to trust me in the state
that she's now is very small, but I've got to do
something to help her after what I've done to her."
said the woman with depressed eyes, "You did say that
it's very likely that she's an orphan, didn't you?"

"Yes, I did." said the other doctor, "But there's
still the chances that she's not."

"Yes, that is true, but if she still has parents,
isn't it likely that they've found out that she's
missing by now? And besides we can't just let her be
in the state she is now, without knowing that someone
loves her, she's still so young, she needs some one to
take care of her, and this is the time she needs it
most."

"Very well then." said one of the doctors. "I'll let
you sigh the adaption papers."

The woman and the doctors walked over to the desk, and
given her a lot of paper for her to sigh after a while
the woman asked the doctors, "Does she remember her
name?"

"She just woke up a little while ago and I'm afraid
that she doesn't even remember her name." answered the
doctor.

"I see," relied the woman, "then I'll name her Ai."

*****

Ryoko looked around her room, everything is just so
white, she doesn't know what had happened to her, heck
she doesn't even remember her name. Who was she
anyway? What is she doing here? And why does her body
hurt all over? Some doctors was with her just a while
ago when she woke up, they told that she broke her
left arm, right leg and she has amnesia, then they
left saying that they had something to take care of.
And now she was all alone, she hate being alone.

Just then the door opened, a girl and a boy walked in,
and came sat beside her.

"Hi." said the girl smiling at her, "We glad your
finally awake."

"Yes." added the boy.

Ryoko looked at them a little scared, after all she
has no way to defend her at the stat she is in now.
And the fact that she doesn't remember anything
doesn't do any help.

"My name is Pai and this is Yakumo." explained the
girl, "We saw the car hit you, but didn't have enough
time to save you. I'm very sorry about that."

Ryoko looked at them, surprised and scared.

Yakumo saw the look on Ryoko's face, he give her a
warm smile and said, "Don't worry we are not here to
hurt you. May I ask what is your name?"

"I...I don't remember." Ryoko said quietly, her body
hurts all over including her throat.

"Just as I guessed, you've got amnesia." said Pai,
"Miss, when I saw you hit by that car, I sensed great
energy in you that no human could access. In other
words, your not human."

Ryoko looked shocked at her for a moment, then managed
to talk again, "Then...then what am I?"

"A  Sanjiyan Unkara." answered Yakumo.

"Sanjiyan Unkara?" asked Ryoko.

"Yes." answered Pai, "Sanjiyan Unkara, the race
holding the power of immortality and eternal youth."

"From a biological standpoint, your not a ‘person',
your of an advanced race, or in common terms, a
‘monster'." added Yakumo.

"I'm a monster?" asked Ryoko more afraid of herself
then them, now.

"Yes," replied Pai, "but don't worry your not the only
one, I'm also one of the Sanjiyan Unkara race. Like I
said the Sanjiyans is a race holding the power of
immortality and eternal youth. I may appear to be
young, but I'm really over 300 years old."

"300?" Ryoko asked in shock.

"Yes, but I don't think that being a Sanjiyan is the
only thing that makes you not normal, because me and
Pai had sensed another odd energy from you, but we
don't know what it is." said Yakumo.

"What exactly am I?" asked Ryoko.

"We are not sure, half of you is for surely Sanjiyan,
as for the other half we have no idea, sorry."
answered Pai.

"Are you here to kill me?" asked Ryoko in a small
voice.

"Of course not!" laughed Pai, "We are here to help
you. You see, there's not many Sanjiyans in this world
and the small number of us are still dying one by one,
because of the many that wants to kill and end the
race of Sanjiyans. I for one, wants to become one of
the human race, but I can't until I find the Statute
of Humanity. However, it's also my duty to protect
these of my kind. Your very young and from the
Sanjiyan energy I felt from you, I believe that you
never once used that power,  I'm very surprised that
no monster have gone after you and tried to kill you
to force you into use your powers yet. It is very
likely for monster to go after the young Sanjiyans
that haven't master their powers, you know. Well,
maybe because of your other powers, that makes your
Sanjiyan power unknowable."

"How do you plan to help me?" Ryoko asked weakly.

"To teach you how to use the power of Sanjiyan."
answered Pai, "However we can't do this now, because
one your too weak right now, two there's too many
people here. We'll come back after two month when your
more healed. For now I'll give you this." Pai put a
walking stick beside Ryoko's bed. "In this staff,
contains a little monster called Takuhi, you could
make him any size, he was my best friend for a long
time, now I past him on to you. Try to summon him, all
you have to do is concentrate, while calling out
‘Takuhi'." Ryoko did as she was told, the staff
started to glow a blinding light. "Good! Now
concentrate on a making him small." Ryoko did that
too, soon a small bird like monster came out of the
staff, it landed on Ryoko's bed. Ryoko smiled at the
little bird monster and hugged it to her, with her
unbroken arm, the monster made a little sound as it
coddled closer to Ryoko.

"You did it!" Yakumo yelled happily, "You've become
Takuhi's new owner!"

"He will protect you from any danger." Pai said
smiling at her, "Take good care of him, please."

"Don't worry, I will. Thank you for giving him to me."
Ryoko said smiling at Pai and Yakumo, while petting
the little monster with the arm that's not broken.
"But are you sure you want to give it to me?"

"Yes, I know you will take good care of it. Well, we
better go someone's coming, we'll see you in two
month." Pai said smiling, "Oh, you better let Takuhi
back in to the staff, now."

Ryoko nodded and replied, "Thank you again."

Ryoko watched in amazement as the two called out
another monster, jumped out of the window landed on it
and flew away on it.

After a while, Ryoko called Takuhi back in to the
staff, and just lay there thinking trying to remember
her past, but her head hurts whenever she tried to
think of something, her hole body hurts for that
matter. she was a monster? A monster? ‘What in the
world had happened to me?' Ryoko thought to herself as
tears slowly fell down her cheeks.

Just then the door slowly opened, and a woman came
though. Ryoko turned her head to face the woman. The
woman give her a warm smile and walked closer to her.
Ryoko looked even more frightened, ‘Who is she? What
is she going to do with me? Is she going to try and
kill me, like one of those monster Pai and Yakumo had
told me about?' Ryoko used her right arm to try and
grab her staff that contains Takuhi, but she couldn't
reach it! She didn't give up, she tried it again, this
time with more movement, but when she did that she had
also moved her left arm which is broken. Ryoko
screamed in pain as she dropped the staff that she
tried so hard to get.

The woman looked at the young girl in shock, she moved
as fast as she could to Ryoko's side and, helped her
into a more comfortable position. Then picked up the
staff that the girl was trying to get and set it on
her bed table.

Ryoko whimpered in fright, looking at the woman in
terror.

The woman was surprised at the girl's eye color,
‘Golden? Is that normal? Oh well, that's not what
should I be worrying about right now. Look how
frightened she looks!'

"Don't be scared!" the woman said in a soft voice,
"I'm not here to hurt you! I'm Ikuko Tsukino, and I am
your mother."

"Mother?" Ryoko looked at the woman, now more
surprised than scared. ‘Is she also a Sanjiyan? Or is
she just human?' Ryoko thought.

"Yes dear." Answered Ms. Tsukino, giving Ryoko a warm
smile and slowly stroke her soft cyan hair. "You've
got amnesia, after you had that car accident. The
doctor said that you'll be out of here, hopefully by
three month later, when you are body damage healed.
Then I'm going to take you home and you will meet your
family."

"My family?" Ryoko asked the Ms. Tsukino, not really
afraid anymore.

"Yes sweetie." the Ms. Tsukino said smiling, then she
stood up, "Well, I should be going, the doctors said
you need your rest." With that, Ms. Tsukino stood up
to leave.

"Wait, mother." Ryoko called out to her.

"Yes dear?" Ms. Tsukino turned around to look at her
new daughter.

"What is my name?" Ryoko asked.

"Oh, that's right! Your name is Ai Tsukino."

"Thank you, mother." said ‘Ai' as she smiled.

Seeing her new daughter smile for the first time, sent
a great warmth through her heart, Ms. Tsukino smiled
back and said, "I'll do anything for you my daughter,
now get a good night sleep. You'll need you strength
to heal your wounds." Then she slowly left the room.

Ai fell asleep right after her mother had left, she
was too tired.

*****

The three month wasn't that long, the first two month
was a kind of drag for Ai, she could do nothing but
stay in bed! She was NOT happy about that at all, she
was not the kind of a girl, who stays home, she was
more like a Tomboy. Her mother had come everyday to
visit her and some times she would bring gifts from
her family. Her mother is always so happy when she
sees Ai, every time she's here, she would help Ai do
this and do that. She never seems to get tired from
helping Ai. However she was always curious why Ai had
always carried that staff with her every where she
goes. Ai had let her hair down do to the advice from
her mother, now her hair is no longer spiky, it is now
flowing freely down her back or braided into different
styles.

Then soon enough the first two month was over, Pai and
Yakumo came back to teach her. They would show up in
the night everyday to help her master her true power.

However to their surprise, when Ai had learned to
control her third eye of Sanjiyan, she didn't change
into her other soul. Pai and Yakumo believes that it's
because Ai is only half Sanjiyan she doesn't have the
other soul and that's actually a good thing.

Also Ai had meet some other people that noted that she
had a aura that's different then any human. She
learned to control magic as will as her Sanjiyan
powers. The young Sanjiyan had learned her magic very
fast, to everyone's surprise. Some think that's
because Ai had practiced magic before she had amnesia
and that she is a half Sanjiyan.

Soon enough, the third month was over, Ai (remember Ai
is really Ryoko) had already mastered most of her
Sanjiyan powers and most of her wounds are healed. It
was time to say good bye to her friends Pai and Yakumo
and return to her home.

*****

The night before Ai return home, she was saying good
bye to her friends.

"Ai," said Pai looking at her friend sadly, "we will
have to leave you now. Take good care of yourself."

"Yes," said Yakumo smiling at the young Sanjiyan, but
couldn't cover up the sadness in his eyes, Ai had
became like a little sister to the two over the short
month. "We won't be here to help you any longer, so be
careful!"

"I will." Replied Ai looking sadly at the two, "Will I
ever see you two again?"

"We're a immortals, Ai." said Pai smiling at her, "I'm
sure we will see each other again in our lives."

"Yeah." said Ai, "And we'll look the same too, so we
won't be too hard to recognize. Hahaha!"

The three friends laughed and talked for a while, then
it was time for Pai and Yakumo to leave, they said
their last good byes, before Pai and Yakumo rode away
on their flying monster.

*****

Usagi Tsukino was running as fast as she could to her
friend Rei Hino's place the Hikawa Shrine. She is now
18 years old, but she is still pretty much the same as
before, but a little more mutual, Luna is right behind
her running with her. She had called all of her
‘Sailor' friends for an important meeting, and boy is
it ever important! She can't wait to tell her friends!

Sure enough all her friends were there waiting for
her, Ami Mizuno, Rei Hino, Makoto Kino, Minako Aino,
Usa Chibi she is now 12 (I'm not too sure how old Usa
was when she had first met Usagi so sorry if the
calculation is wrong) ,and even her boyfriend Mamoru
Chiba!

"Usagi! Luna!" Ami called as she saw her coming, "What
has happened? Why did you call us in such a hurry? Did
something bad happened?"

"Yes, something had happened, but nothing bad!" said
Usagi happily.

"Then what is it?" Asked Rei, "God, we thought that
something really bad had happened and we needed the
sailor scouts! Don't scare us like that again!"

"Sorry!" said Usagi, "But this is too important to
wait!"

"Really?" asked Mamoru, "What has happened Us-chan?"

"Do you guys remember I told you about my adopted
little sister in the hospital, that has amnesia?"
Usagi asked.

"How could we forget!" Makoto said, "You were jumping
all over the place, when you told us the news."

"Why did something happened to her?" asked Minato
concerned, with Artemis in her arms, she knew how much
Usagi wanted a little sister that's not to much
younger then she is, and when she had heard that her
mother had adopted a 17 years old girl, she was so
happy, she told everyone she knew about her new
sister.

"Yes." Usagi said happily, "Something did happen to
her."

"What is it?" asked Usa, also very concerned about her
new ‘cousin'.

"She's coming home!" Usagi yelled in happiness.

"Oh my god! She is?" everyone but Usagi yelled at the
same time.

"Yeah!" Usagi yelled again, "Now I could finally find
out what does she look like! My mom said that she was
suppose to be very beautiful, but she never let me or
any one from my family to see my little sister other
the herself. Mom said that we will finally see her
today!"

"Wow! That's wonderful!" said Ami.

"And that is why I called you all." explained Usagi,
"Me and my family are going to have a welcome home
party for her. And we need as many helper as we can
find, so well you guys help?"

"Of course!" yelled Minato, "After all this time
listening to you telling us, your little sister this,
your little sister that, we want to know what does she
really looks like! Right guys?"

"Right!" everyone said at the same time.

"But all of you remember," Luna said, "no matter how
excited you guys get, you can't tell her who you
really are! Do you understand?"

Everyone nodded.

"Yeah," added Artemis, "That and don't forget that she
has Amnesia, don't ever forget that."

Everyone nodded again, then they followed Usagi to her
house to prepare for the welcome home party for Ai
Tsukino, little sister of Usagi Tsukino.

*****

After hours of prepare for that party, it was finally
finished, now it was time to wait for the most
important member of the party, Ai Tsukino, the newest
member of the Tsukino family.

"How long is it till she's here dad?" asked Usagi.

"Just a little longer, you must remember there is
still the fact that the girl got hit by a car and she
have amnesia. Your mother must have took her to
shopping to get some things that she needs." replied
Mr. Tsukino.

"Yeah!" said Usa, "But still what is taking them so
long?!"

"Shh!" hushed Ami, "I think I heard someone coming!"

"Alright, places everyone!" yelled Minato.

Soon all the lights were turned out, the people were
hidden, and all ready for action.

"Hello?" Ms. Tsukino's voice called, "Anyone home?"

"SURPRISE!!" everyone yelled as they jumped out of
their places.

Ms. Tsukino sweat dropped with button eyes, "Uh, hi?

"Mom?!" Usagi yelled, "I thought you were little
sister!"

"Ha ha, I thought so, well, she's right outside." said
Ms. Tsukino, "Should I call her in?"

"Wait, I think we should hide again, after all this is
a surprise party." said Mamoru.

"Too late for that. I heard that ‘Surprise' all the
way from out here." said a female voice from out side,
"Could I come in now, mother?"

"Yes, but wait dear, I'll get your things in for you!"
said Ms. Tsukino.

"I could handle them mother." replied the voice.

"You should not carry such heave things dear, you are
not fully healed yet!" yelled Ms. Tsukino with concern
as she rushed out to help her daughter. Soon, she
returned with two big bags and said, "Mamoru, be a
dear and put these things to her room please?"

"of course." he replied as he took the bags and took
them up stairs, then came down as soon as he can.

"So are you going to call her in or not mom? We are
dying here!" yelled Sammy Tsukino, Usagi's little
brother, who is now 15. (I don't know any information
about Usagi's little brother, so I could be wrong. And
if I am, I'm very sorry.)

"Of course." Ms. Tsukino smiled at her children, "Ai,
sweetheart! Come in dear, don't stand outside, you'll
catch a cold! You are still very weak right now."

"I'm not that weak mother." said the voice as she
gigged and entered the room. Everyone froze right on
the spot, as they stared at the beautiful girl in font
of them. She has long cyan hair that was tied onto a
pony tail behind her back by odd looking three gem
that's in a golden ring that held her hair together
and her two strip of hair on both side of her face
where tied into two pig-tails by two pieces if red
ribbons, a set of beautiful golden feline eyes,
somewhere about the age of 17, she was wearing a
rather puffy V-nick pink shirt and a black mini skirt,
but could not hide her gorgeous figure, and in her
left hand she held a odd looking staff. "Hey! I'm Ai.
Nice to finally meet ya all! Who are ya all? I think I
know most of your names, but I can't match them up
with your faces. Wanna help me out here?" she said
happily as she looked at everyone.

"..." Every one stopped dead at their tracks, was
shocked by her beauty and openness.

"This is Ai Tsukino, the one you wanted to meet so
badly. Now that you've met her, aren't you going to
introduce yourselves?" Ms. Tsukino asked.

"Oh, that's right!" yelled Usagi, finally snapping out
of her shock, "Hi, I'm Usagi, your big sister, this is
your father, this Sammy your little brother, this is
Usa Chibi your cousin, as for the four girls you see
there are my four best friends, Ami Mizuno, Rei Hino,
Makoto Kino, Minako Aino, and that guy over there is
my wonderful boyfriend Mamoru Chiba!"

"Nice to meet you all." said Ai.

"Well, what are you people just standing there for?"
asked Usa, "This is a party for her isn't it? Why are
you guy just standing there?"

Soon a bunch of, ‘Oh, sorry about that!' and ‘I almost
forgot!' went around the room so everyone turned to
the most important subject, Ai. Soon, the party
finally began for real. First was Rei's idea, a
singing competition. Everyone competed against each
other, but Ai who refused, and Rei managed to reach
number one with her wonderful voice and song. Just as
Rei was about to win the competition...

"Stop!" Ms. Tsukino said, "Ai dear, I know perfectly
well that you can sing wonderfully why won't you sing
for us?"

Ai blushed, but can't reply.

"Why don't you sing that song ‘Forevermore' for us?"
asked Ms. Tsukino, "I've heard you sing it in the
hospital. Everyone that heard you sing all said that
you have great talent."

"But, I..."

"No buts dear!" said Ms. Tsukino, "This party is for
you, if you don't participate in it, that would be a
disappointment to everyone."

"Ok, I'll sing then." replied Ai defeated.

"Ai-chan can sing?" asked Usagi.

"Yes." answered Ms. Tsukino proudly, "And you will
find out how well she sings in a moment."

Soon Ai stepped on to the so call stage, and the music
started to play she slowly moved with the music as her
voice started to flow through the room like the wind,
everyone seems to be hypnotized in her song. Her sweet
voice matched perfectly with the music, her soft smile
could make the saddest man smile, her movements so
graceful. But soon song was over and everyone came
back down to Earth.

"Wow!" Minato gaped, "I never knew anyone could sing
so well. Why didn't you participate in the competition
in the first place?"

"I don't really like to sing in front of people." Ai
answered as she blushed.

"Why not?" asked Mamoru.

"I don't really know, I just don't like for people to
know that I'm a good singer for some reason." Ai
replied.

Just then Usa realized something, ever since Ai came
here she has never let go of her odd looking staff,
and wondered. ‘why does she carried that thing
everywhere she go?'

"Hey Ai?" asked Usa, "What is that staff that you
carry everywhere you go?"

"Uh?" Ai turned to look at the girl who is now her
cousin.

"That odd look staff of your's. Let me see it!"
repeated Usa.

Before Ai could replied, Ms. Tsukino answered that for
her. "Usa! It's not nice to take someone's personal
things with out asking!"

"Sorry." Usa said, "Wait, that thing is her personal
stuff?"

"Yes," replied Ms. Tsukino, "Ai told me that this is
the only clue to her past. She carry it everywhere she
go."

"Wow!" Usage gaped, "What is it then?"

Ms. Tsukino was unable to answer that question, and Ai
just held on to her staff tighter.

"Ai, do you want to tell them?" finally Ms. Tsukino
asked her daughter.

"No." replied Ai, "I'm sorry."

"Oh, it's Ok then." Usage said, smiling, "I don't
mind, really!"

Ai returned the smile and said, "Thank you."

The party went on and everyone had a lot of fun, but
everyone was sad when it was time to leave. Everyone
liked Ai, she had an open personality, and it's easy
to be friends with her, just as long as you don't get
on her bad side.

"I've had so much fun, it'll be so nice to have you
here Ai-chan!" Makoto said smiling.

"Yeah, Usagi sure is luckily to have little sister
like you. I wish I was your big sister!" Minako smiled
at Ai.

"Hey! She's mine!" Usagi yelled jokingly, while Ai
giggled.

"Well we better go, I'm very glad that you're here
Ai!" Ami said smiling as she give her a hug, Makoto,
Minako, Rei and Mamoru did the same. Then they left,
but, Mamoru give Usagi a kiss before he left.

"Boy, what a day!" Usagi exclaimed as she and the rest
of the family returned to the livingroom and boy is it
ever a mess.

"Do we really have to clean is up?" Sammy whined.

Ai smiled, "Mother?" she asked, "Should we tell them,
now?"

"Daughter, are you should you could handle this?"
asked Ms. Tsukino, "We all know that you've not fully
recovered yet."

"I'll be alright mother, really!" Ai replied smiling.

Ms. Tsukino sighed and nodded, before she turned to
the rest of her family members, "Everyone, Ai have
something to show you, but before she do it, I want
all of you promise that all of you won't freak out."

"Freak out?" asked Usa, surprised.

"Yes." answered Ms. Tsukino.

"Ok, I promise." Usagi said, then though in her mind,
‘After all, I am the leader of the great sailor
scouts.'

Soon, everyone agreed.

"Ok dear, your on!" called Ms. Tsukino, smiling at her
daughter.

"Thank you mother." Ai said with a smile, "Ok, ya all.
I've already shown this to mother, at first I thought
that this will be a secret, but then I thought, I
would want to use it some times, so I'll show you
guys. However, I want all of ya to promise me that non
of you will ever tell this to anyone! Please!"

As soon as everyone promised, Ai started again.

"When I was in the hospital, I learned and mastered to
do magic."

"Magic?" asked Usa, "Like pulling rabbet out of a
hat?"

Everyone sweat dropped.

"Uh, No." Ai said, "Here I'll show you."

Ai took a step forward, closed her eyes and whispered
"The elemental sprits I commend you."  Then she looked
around the room and commanded. "Fly." Every piece of
garbage around the room started to levitate a half a
meter above the spot they lay a while ago.

‘The energy of that girl!' Luna noted as Ai's magic
and aura float though the room and picked up garbage.

"Follow." Ai instructed as all of the garbage started
to develop a pill behind her and followed her as she
walked over to the garbage bin, she opened the top of
the bin and called out the last commanded. "Drop." the
garbage, floated to the top of the garbage bin and
dropped into it.

"All done." said Ai as she turned toward her new
family.

Everyone, but Ms. Tsukino's mouth was hanging wide
open, incapable of say any thing at all.

"Wow!" Usagi finally managed, "Th..That was amazing!"

"Thank you." Ai smiled at her older sister, "Well,
what do all of you think?"

"Did I saw what I think I saw?" asked Usa in shock.

Ai sighed and stated, "Come on, you promised that you
won't freak out! What I just did was magic, I learned
magic is because..." ‘I can't tell them that I'm not
human or that I a half Sanjiyan. Wait, my aura that
it!' "Because I have a supernatural aura that given me
this talent to do magic. I'm a sorceress."

"Wow, can you teach me how to do magic?" asked Sammy,
"It'll save me a lot of time on cleaning my room."

"No," replied Ai, "I'm afraid that's not possible, I
can sense the aura that's needed for you to control
magic within you, but that power is not in you Sammy,
I'm sorry. And by forcing you to do magic could
effortlessly destroy you. I need all of you to promise
me that you wouldn't try."

Everyone, except Ms. Tsukino was now more scared then
surprised, so they nodded as fast as they could.

"Thank you." Ai said, "Remember not to tell anyone."

"Everyone are you Ok?" asked Ms. Tsukino as she looked
around the room and sweat dropped as she saw everyone
with their eyes nearly out of their sockets. "Maybe
you should go to bed right now Ai. Everyone, I know
it's shocking, but I got over it, I'm sure you will
too. Ai dear, you should go to bed now, the doctors
said you shouldn't tire yourself out, your still weak
you know. I'll take care of things here."

Ai nodded as she left, she walked up to her room
opened the door and went in. She changed into the pj
her mother had bought her, it was a long sky blue
night dress that match the color of her hair. The
dress was loose, went all the way down to her ankles,
it looked light as feather. She walked over to the
side of the bed and finally set her staff down for the
first time today. However, it didn't fell to the floor
as it normally, instead it started to hover behind Ai,
with a shield around it and followed her everywhere
she went. Ai walked over to her two big bags and cast
a ‘organization spell' soon all the things came out of
her bags started to fly all over the room and settled
down at the places that she wanted them to be. After
that is done, Ai climbed in to her bed, covered
herself into the blankets and turned the light off.
The room was dark, except the shield that is glowing a
soft comforting light. Ai slowly drifted off to sleep.

*****

Soon, next morning came rather fast, everyone was up
and about, except for Ai who is still sleeping
upstairs in her room.

"Do you think I should wake up little sister, mom?"
asked Usage.

"Sure, why not." replied Ms. Tsukino, "However,
remember to be gentle with her, my poor baby, she must
have been so tired after last night. Oh, and don't for
get to tell her to wear that cute light blue dress I
brought her. If you have forgot, today is Sunday and
we are going to the hot spring today with your friends
and your boyfriend. Ai needs a little fun after being
in that hospital all that time, doing nothing."

"Yeah, nothing other than learning magic." Sammy said
jokingly, "Man, I wish I could do that staff that she
showed us." After Ai had went to bed, Ms. Tsukino had
managed to answer all the question that was thrown at
her, well the ones Ai had told her about. And calmed
the very excited family.

"We can't let you do that son." Mr. Tsukino said
smiling, "We can't let our son to became lazy, just
because he has magic, now could we dear?" he turned to
his wife.

"Of course not!" Ms. Tsukino replied also smiling,
"Besides, Sammy needs his exercises, he's already 15
and you still can't see no muscles on him!"

Usagi started to laugh at her mother's comment, and
decided to insult her bother even more, by adding an
insult of her own. "I wonder if Ai-chan has a spell
that could make him finally reach his puberty!" Ms.
Tsukino was about to tell Usagi the insult she had
used on her brother was not very nice when Usa beat
her to it.

"He reached it already." Everyone looked at her in
astonishment, never once she had taken her
cousin's/uncle's (well, Usa is Usagi's kid) side
before. "But all he got was hormones." Everyone
facefallted and slowly managed to get back to their
feet, except Usagi who was laughing her head off on
the floor and was soon joined with the rest of the
family (not on the floor), save for Sammy.

Just then Ai waked down the stairs, "What's so funny?"
everyone turned toward her, she was wearing that same
almost see-through sky blue night dress she went to
bed with. Sammy who was mad at his family just a while
ago, has now totally forgot about everything, as he
drooled and nosebleeded at the site of his *sister*.

"See, just like I said, nothing but hormones." Usa
snorted at Sammy's reaction, "Look at him, his
actually drooling over his sister!"

Sammy got himself as he heard that and mumbled to
himself, "It's not like she's blood-related to me, and
besides it's not my fault that she looks like that."
Soon he started to drool and nosebleed again.

Usagi didn't really care about what her cousin/cousin
is saying or what her little brother's reaction was,
what she was interested in was the way her little
sister looked. She was drop dead gorgeous, even though
her hair was a bit of a mess, it still could not hid
her beauty, and she obesely have a great figure. She
now understand why her friends seems to be jealous of
her little sister when they saw her.

"Ai sweetheart, why don't you go and get dressed,
before you brother bleed to death." Ms. Tsukino, said
as she smiled at her daughter.

Ai nodded as she disappeared into her room, and came
back out very soon with her hair tied back into it's
proper place, just like the way it was tied when she
had first arrived, is now in a white blouse, with a
pale blue mini skirt and same as always, her left hand
holding her staff. "Is this good enough mother?"

"Well, I ver hoping that you would wear that cut sky
blue dress, but I guess this is also good." Ms.
Tsukino said.

Ai sweat dropped at that, "That dress too cute mother,
there is no way I'm getting in that again!"

"Is it really that bad, daughter?"

"YES!!"

*****

As soon as Ai and the rest of her family had finished
eating their breakfast, they gathered their things and
friends and headed out for the hot spring. Mr., Ms.
Tsukino, Sammy, and Ai went by their family car, while
all of Usagi's friends and her went by her
boyfriend-Mamoru's car.

*****

In Mamoru's car:

Luna who was seated at Usagi's lap, looked up to look
at the passengers and said, "Guys, there is something
very wrong with that girl."

"Who?" asked Ami, "You don't mean Ai-chan do you?"

"Yes I meant her." replied Luna, looking very serious,
the others looked at each other very puzzled.

"What could possibly be wrong with Ai-chan?" asked
Usagi, "She is perfectly fine."

"Really, Usagi, don't's tell me that you think what
she did yesterday was normal." Luna looked at Usagi in
unsatisfactory, "You should be the one to tell them
Usagi."

"Luna!" exclaimed Usagi, "You can't tell them! Ai-chan
wanted us to keep it a secret! No one but us should
know, she had trusted us not to tell anyone, how could
you betrayed her trust like that!" Usagi looked at
Luna, very displeased.

"What are you talking about, Usagi?" asked Rei, very
puzzled.

"Ai, is not a normal girl." replied Luna.

"What are you saying that Ai is evil?" asked Minato,
bewildered, "But that can't be, she seems to be a
normal girl, well, except for that staff she was
always carrying around, and her eye color was a bit
odd."

"I don't think she is evil, but she is very different
from any of us." replied Luna.

"I don't understand, Luna." Mamoru said as he paid
half of his attention to the road, "What do you mean
that she is different."

"Wanna back me up on that, Usagi?" asked Luna.

"No." Usagi answered quick and simple, "You may want
to betrayal Ai-chan's trust, but I won't."

Luna sighed, one thing that does more or less harm for
Usagi is her friendships, she would never back out of
a promise from a friend, especially when that friend
is her sister. "Usagi, this is sailor business, you
can't be selfish like that. The others must know."

"I won't." Usagi's voice was determent and cold.

"Usagi, their going find out sooner or later, please,
just tell them now." Luna begged, no matter what she
did not like having her mistress mad.

"Who said I was going to tell them." Usagi replied in
the same cold harsh voice.

"What is it, Usagi?" Ami asked, a bit surprised, "What
is the matter with Ai?"

"Ai will tell you if she finds that she could trust
you." replied Usagi, in a less colder voice.

*****

After a while, the family reached the hot spring.
Everyone got out and went into the building,  got
signed up for the hot spring and got in.

Ai sat in the hot spring, to everyone's surprise she
was still holding that odd looking staff. Everyone
were enjoying themselves, laughing chatting until,
suddenly, Ai sensed a odd aura around the place,
something was happening and she knows it too well. ‘I
must get out off here.' she told herself, ‘Something
is wrong.'  However, she was not the only one, the
sailors sensed it too.

"Mother, I need to go to get something please wait
here." Ai said as she made her exit as fast as she
could.

"Uh, mom, we are going to see what Ai is doing." Usagi
said as she and the others ran out of the hot spring
as fast as they could. Leaving only Mamoru, and the
rest of her family behind.

"That was weird." said Sammy looking at the direction
the girls had ran off to, sweat dropping, "All of them
just ran off."

Everyone else just nodded.

*****

On one side of the girls changing room:

Usagi looked around and saw no one, "Guys did you feel
that, the dark energy was so powerful!"

"Very good, Usagi." Luna said smiling, "Your getting
better at those senses."

"We better transform." Rei said seriously.

Everyone nodded and held out their magical things and
transformed.

*****

The other side of the locker, you see Ai looking
around making sure no one is watching, then she closed
her eye and concentrated her aura. Ai put her right
hand that was not holding the staff, into the air and
started to cast a spell, "The spirts of all elements,
listen as I command, the dark ones are here to attack,
I summon upon the the elemental spirt of fire to give
me the power to attack and defend!"

A red aura started to glow around her, as the ground
under her started to shake, then suddenly a fire
phoenix bursted though from the ground and surrounded
her. Her cloth faded away in the red glow, then a red
bikini materialized onto her body, the difference
between a normal bikini from that was that, the one Ai
was wearing has gold chains that was holding the
pieces together and on her body. The last step of the
transformation was a huge silk cape with a hood formed
around her body, the cape was held close in the frond
by a golden phoenix pin, even though the cape was so
loosely held, light, and soft, because it was so big,
it covered her whole body, and to add the effect, the
hood covered her face so no one would know who she
was. With that done the transformation was finished,
the red glow faded from Ai's body and the red phoenix
returned. Just as the phoenix returned, the ground
healed, leaving no marks of anything had been broken.

Ai looked around her once again checking for anyone,
and smiled under her cover as she saw no one. She
called for another spell, "Elemental sprits of above,
teleport me to the dark ones." as soon as she cast
that spell, fire sparks started to twirl around her
and with a bright flash, she disappeared.

*****

All of the Sailors, made it to the fighting scene just
in time, it was happening in a forest near the hot
spring, there was a young boy at the age about 16
trying to defend himself against a huge black monster
with five arms each with monsters claws, of course the
monster seems to be wining.

Sailor Moon was about to call the monster to stop when
someone beat her to it. To everyone's surprise, there
was a bright flash, then a figure appeared.

"Hold it!" called the figure, the Sailors knows that
she was female, even though she was wearing a huge red
cape, how the cape forms around her and her voice
shows that she is indeed a female.

The monster turned to her and let out a snarl, his
attention was turned from the boy to her. It growled
as it jumped high up in the sky and launched itself at
her all five arms expended ready to rip her apart.

All the Sailors gaped at the site, they wanted to help
out, but they were all paralyzed in terror.

However, the female at the front line was another
story, though nobody could see, she smirked under her
cover at the foolish attempt of the monster. She
jumped high up into the air, just as the monster was
about to hit it's mark and called out a fire spell.
"Fire sprits who dwells in the forest, I summon you!
Fire Tornado!"

Still in midair, she started to glowing in a bright
red aura, then from all directions around her lines of
fire started to come to her and twirling around her
very fast. All it took was about 5 or so seconds, and
she was in a cyclone of fire, the fire twirled toward
the monster. The black monster had not been expecting
this, as it howled in pain as the fire started to burn
it, but soon the screaming of pain from the monster
stopped, and the cyclone started to get smaller and
smaller, slowly setting the female warrior to the
ground. Leaving a pile of ash, of what was left of the
monster.

All bystanders watched with amazement at the
performance. Yet, all they could do now was gap in
surprise.

The figure stood there breathing heavily for a moment,
said quiet to herself, "Maybe mom's right, I shouldn't
be doing too much work while I've not fully
recovered." the she turned to the boy, "Are you
alright? Do you need any help?"

The boy looked at her in amazement, and managed to
chock out, "I'm fine."

The figure nodded, then she left with one high leap
onto a tree which was some what far away form where
she stood before, then with two or three more bounces,
she disappeared, leaving many puzzled ones behind.

*****

"Who was that!" yelled Makoto, "She was not a Sailor,
I know that, yet I think she is more powerful than all
of us combined!"

Artemis nodded and turned to Luna, "I'm not sure about
this, but I have a feeling it might be..."

Luna nodded before he could continue, "I was thinking
about the same thing, I mean I sensed some thing very
odd in her when she first arrived."

"Wait, are you talking about, Ai?" asked Ami
hesitatingly.

Both guardians nodded, while the others look shocked.

"No, it can't be Ai, I don't think Ai is THAT
powerful, even if she knew magic." Usagi said.

All the other's shocking face turned to Usagi,
"Magic?"

*****

Ai signed in relief that know one was around the
changing room when she had teleported back and
transformed into her normal cloth again. Hopefully no
one would find out who she really is. She walked out
of the room and back to her parents in the hot spring.
They were glad that she was back.

*****

"Wait, let me get this straight, Ai could make things
fly, follow her, and do other weird things?" asked Rei
bewildered.

Usagi signed and nodded, all her mind was fulled with
guilt, not many people trust her with many secrets as
big as this one before, and she had betrayed her. That
person was not any person either, it was her sister.

"Usagi, it's alright, I'm sure Ai will forgive you.
Besides, it's not like we are going to tell her." Ami
smiled as she put her hand on Usagi's shoulder, giving
her some comfort.

Usagi give a sad smile and at her friend's comforting
words, and nodded.

"Ok, now the problem deals with who was that
mysterious warrior, is it possible that it was Ai?"
Luna asked the others, but no one could answer that
question. "Maybe next time we meet her, we could ask
he her show us, but for now we better head back,
before anyone starts to worry." All the girls nodded
and head back to the hot spring.

*****

On the way home that day, everyone had something on
their mind.

Be continue...

Next Chapter:
Oh, it's another beautiful day, and Ai or Ryoko is
going to new school now. It seems it's going to be a
peaceful day...NOT! Everything around poor Ai/Ryoko
seems to become disaster as soon as she set her foot
into the school. Meets people that turns into
animals/girl/boys, a strange girl name Lina, who has
the worst temper, and her team of very odd friends,
monsters running around trying to kill her, the
Sailors and many others trying to find out who the
‘mysterious lady' is ... Oh, and there is that strange
dimensional game that Washu worked on, what is going
to happen to Ai/Ryoko when that game gets out of
control? What is going to happen to her? All in the
next Unthinkable Past!

Author's notes:
Hey everyone! Ryomi here! I understand that this is
probably the most stupid and WEIRD story you've ever
read... but I really worked hard and it's kinda the
"moment" kinda story. I really sorry if you don't like
it... I'm wondering about should I continuing it
anyway... so... Well, anyhow, PLEASE PLEASE E-MAIL me
to tell me what do you think. Even if you think it
sucks VERY VERY badly. Still E-MAIL me!!!!!!!!