AN UNUSUAL DAY AT THE MASAKI RESIDENCE
	By Patrick Maurer (11-1-98)

A Tenchi, Guyver, Teknoman cross over.

Disclaimer: none of these characters belong to me, I'm
not making any money off of this whatsoever.


Chapter 2 
Battleground

     Within a few seconds all the tales and rumors she had herd, about the
race of cybernetic warriors flooded her head. Not one of them did anything to
make her feel better about the uninvited guests aboard her ship.
     But one fact suck in her mind, and it was the deciding factor in her
descision. Long ago she'd found out that the alloy the Teknomen used to build
their weapons and armor was a rare material they called Tekonium. 
     Throughout her searches, Washu had faild to find a sample of the near
indestructable metal. A grin spread accross her face as she realized her
chance to experiment on a Teknoman, her mind now filled with images of all
the experiments she could run on this mysterious trio.
     "Mihoshi," Washu said, hunching over the computer. "We're about to have
 company."

     "Whatever this ship was doing, it's stopped." Ax noted. 
     Saber took stock of the situation, the ship had shaken violently for
nearly a minute then stopped. Looking around, he noted the cylinder of blue
fluid had ceased churning, and there were no more rings of energy circling
it. 
     Then the room began to fade out of existence, and the three Teknomen
found themselves in the middle of a large dimly lit room.
     To either side were rows of unidentifiable machinery aranged in a 
complex maze of hallways. The ceiling, if it existed was to high to be seen,
and there was apparently only one wall that was behind them.
     What shocked them the most was what was right in front of them.
     A young girl of about 13 sat in a swivel chair in front of a high-tech 
computer station. Standing behind the girl was a young woman in her 
tweenties, in her hands she held what looked like a toy gun.
     Jumping up from her seat, Washu pulled out a blocky scanning device from
hammer space and turned it on. 
     "Uh, excuse me but..." Saber began, as the girl waved the device in
front of him.
     "You're in my lab, I ask the questions." Washu said harshly. "Now tell
me, what were you doing on my ship."
     "Your ship?" The three Teknomen said in unison, all three looked
starteled.
     Walking back to her computer, setting the scanner down, she kept her 
back to them as she feed the data into the system. "No questions till you've
answered mine." 
     'Rapier shut her up.' Saber said through their telepathic link. 'Ax take
the other one.'
     Before Mihoshi could react, Rapier droped Washu with a punch to the back
of her skull. As the genius slumped to the floor a meam of energy streaked 
past and caught Rapier squar in the chest. While Rapier staggered back, 
Mihoshi turned her standard issue GP issue laser pistol to Ax.
     "Please, d-don't make me use this again." Mihoshi pleaded.
     In response Ax lashed out with his energy whip, snatching Mihoshis' gun.
A flick of his wrist and the small gun was in his hand, with almost no effort
he crushed it.
     Tossing the twisted peice of junk away, Ax lept forward, catching 
Mihoshis' throat in a vice grip.
     Struggling, Mihoshi kicked out, stricking the Teknomans' armored skin. 
     In response Ax's grip tightened just a bit more around her throat.
     "Now," Saber said evily. "You have some questions to answer."

     "What do you think that is?" Mizuki asked.
     Looking up Tetsuro scanned the skies for anything else out of the 
ordinary, besides the the large gray space ship. 
     Sho was startled by the way the old man had reacted, he wasn't shocked 
the way he and his friends' were. 
     "Strange. You'd almost think he was expecting something like this." Sho
herd his own thoughts being echoed, behind him.
     Turnning around, Sho's confusion quickly became anger, when he saw who 
spoke. Mizuki and Tetsuro spun around as well.
     "Agito?" Mizuki breathed.
     Stepping out of the shadows, was Agito Makishima, dressed as casually
as the rest of them.
     Tetsuro balled up his hands in frustration. "How long have you..."
     "Long enough," Agito cut him off.
     Unable to stop himself, Sho lept forward, fist cocked back, and lashed 
out with a solid right-hook. It wasn't the first time Sho had attacked his 
classmate. But unlike the previous occasion Agito went down. Hard.
     "You bastered, where the hell have you been." Sho shouted.
     "I've been keeping tabs on you, while I reasserted my position within 
Chronos." Agito said, barley covering the pain in his jaw. "I've had to 
adjust my time table in order to come here, to prevent you from making a 
very stipid mistake."
     'Does he know?' Sho thought.
     "Mistake?" Mizuki asked, "Makashima, what are you talking about."
     Picking himself up slowly, Makashima answered. "Although Sho's ability 
to control his Gyver unit are formidable, he's been placing too much 
unneccesary stress on himself. In an effort to protect you and everyone else 
he cares for," his eyes lock onto Sho's, "he will try to leave Japan to fight
Chronos abraod."
     "How?" Sho asked.
     "As I said you're under a great deal of pressure, and in your attempts
to contact me, your mind let slip a great many details about your plans."
	"So what do we do now?"Tetsuro asked.
	"You, Sho, and Mizuki will stay here. I'll go see about Mr. Masaki."

	Stepping through the small doorway, the three teknomen were more than
a little surprised to find themselves in a large and primitive(by their
standards anyway)house. From the outside the door apeared to access a small
stroage space beneath a wooden staircase.
	To his right, were the front door and the bottum of the stairs. 
Turning away he noticed the den, with a large sofa and coffe table set in
front of an impressive entertainment center.
	(I don't really need to go on, you know what the Masaki residence
looks like. Don't you?)
	Stepping outside into the drizzle, Saber issued orders to his
companions. "Rapier, scour the house. Ax, the woman said there was a shrine
in that direction," he pointed towards the grey spac-ship floating above the
trees. "Check it out. I'll see about the roads."
	The two Teknomen simply noded, transformed, and flew off. Rapier
jetting straight up to get an arial view of the house, while Ax streaked off
towards the shrine.
	Hefting his ruby Teknocrystal in his left hand, Saber began walking
away from the house.

	'I swear,' Katsuhito thoght, 'if that ship is Washu's doing, we're
going to have a serious talk when this is over.'
	Sprinting along the worn dirt path, he was forced to slow down as the
path was starting to become muddy with rain.
	Soon his son-in-law's house came into view. As he got closer he could
see through the trees, someone walking around the outside of the house.
	"Shit." he breathed, skidding to a stop as he recognized the heavily
armored being.

	Awarness came slowly, and as full awarness got closer so did the dull
pain resonating from somewhere at the back of her skull. Within the span of
about a minute Washu was fully awake, opening her eyes to darkness.
	"Damnit," she breathed. 'I can't beleive I let this happen.' she
thought, recalling how she'd arrived at her current state. Lying on her back
in what could only have been one of her junk closets, Washu struggled 
against the binds around her wrists and ankles.
	"M-Miss Washu?" Mihoshi asked, nearby. "Are you allright?"
	"Yes, I'm fine Mihoshi. Any idea how long we've been here?"
	"Um, about a few minutes I guess."
	"Did you tell them anything?"
	"Uh, just that we were really on Earth in Japan, and that nobody else
was here but there was the Masaki shrine nearby and there may be people 
there."
	Sighing, Washu began formulating and rejecting various routs of
escape. After approximately 46 seconds and twice as many clever but
unrealistic ideas she stumbled upon a rather simple plan.
	"Mihoshi, did you see which room they put us in?"
	"Yeah, the door read stoorage A."
	"Allright," she shouted in triumph. "Don't worry Mihoshi we'll be
outta here in no time." 
	Awkwardly the most briliant scientist in the galaxy wormed her way
towards the nearest wall.

	It was blatantly obvious that there was nobody else around and he 
should report back to Saber, and he would have if just then he hadn't been
proven wrong.
	"I'm afraid you're trespassing."
	Rapier spun around, to see who spoke. 'Who could've snuck up on me.'
	Standing roughly 10 feet away, was an old man. Although he was dresed
plainly in some sort of martial art uniform, he didn't seem to notice when 
the rain suddenly began to pick up. Nor did he seem fazed by Rapiers' eight
foot tall metal body or namesake weapon.
	Boken in hand the man assumed a two-handed fighting stance as he 
spoke again. "Unless you have business here, I'm going to have to ask you to
leave."
	"You must need a new perscription. Do you have any idea what I am?"
Rapier snarled, taking a fighting stance of his own.
	"Whether or not you are a Teknoman makes no difference," Katsuhito
spoke evenly. "The ground you're standing on is private property, so unless
you give me reason not to, I will force you from this area with whatever 
force you make neccessary."
	With speed that was beyond superhuman, Rapier lept forward, thrusting
out with his whip thin sword.
	At the last possible second, Katsuhito side-steped out of the way.
Then, before the Teknoman could stop himself, he spun on the balls of his 
left foot while his right arched out in a devestating hook-kick.
	The force of the blow hitting the back of his helmut, adding to his
own forward momentum, sent him off balance and into the wet grass.
	Seething, Rapeir was back on his metal clad feet. The thrusters on
his back roared to life, popelling him foreward at an incredable speed.
	Again, waiting as long as possible, Katsuhito rolled onto his back
as Rapeir passed over him. Then he again kicked out, this time with both 
legs and at his stomach, with a enough force to send the Teknoman out of 
controll a second time.
	"Oh, no." Katsuhito mutmured. A sick felling welled in his stomach as
he watched the Teknoman colide with the side of the house. The wall didn't
put up much resistance, no surprise. The house received enough damage on
a daily basis that he didn't want to add to it. "Nobuyuki's going to be
pissed."

	The rain was begining to abate, and Saber was almost sure he had
herd something off in the distance. Near the house mabey?
	"That looks expensive," someone said.
	Saber spun towards the voice.
	Standing just within the treeline was a tall young man with long dark
hair. His face was unreadable as he stepped closer.
	"You have no idea," Saber growled.
	Agito stoped, eying the man carefully. The unnatual redness of the
strangers eyes had been a bit disconcerting, but upon seeing the ruby he
felt an almost irrepresable urge to bio-boost. The limited consciousness
that the Guyver unit had was forcing itself into Agito's mind. It was a 
compleatly new experience, his unit felt as if it were panicking. 
	Ordinarily the Guyver unit, while inactive, didn't impose itself
upon its' host even durring a fight. But something about the stranger and
that peice of flawlessly cut crystal, had set of some preprogramed
need to fight in his unit.
	"Maybe," he replied neutrally.
	"Look I've had a really bad day, and unless you want to find yourself
scattered across this forest, you'll get out of my sight as fast as 
possible."
	Readying himself for a fight, Agito mantained his position. "That
may prove dificult."
	"Really?" Raising his teknocrystal above his head. "TEKNO-POWER!"
	Agito was stunned by the sudden burst of light, that he couldn't see
the transformation. But he wasn't too surprised at the giant metal creature
now standing before him.
	Without hesitation Saber lunged forward so fast Agito just barely
had time to bio-boost. Completly unprepared for it Saber was thrown back
by the boosting field, along with everything else within a six foot radius.
	Tendrils wrapped around his body, locking armor plating into place as
the unit bonded fully with his body. The boost field dissipated as the
armor cycled up power and readied for combat. 
	'Interesting,' he thought as he regained his footing.
	The being standing before him although larger than the young man had
originally been it was still smaller than a Teknoman. It's body was mostly
a dark purple that was almost black, with a sleek organic shape. Other than
the horn and spikes on it's head, two short blades on both arms and metal
spheres at certain spots on it's body it didn't seem to have any possible
weaponry.
	Saber's glowing red eyes flashed brightly in challeng. Agito's 
control medal flared to life in response.
	"Who the hell are you?" both Teknoman and Guyver asked 
simultaneously.
	Hefting his bladed lance in both hands, in one smooth, lifted it 
above his head and brought it down in an attempt to slice the unknown in
half. Whith equal speed Guyver 3 extended the vibro swords on his right
arm, and blocked the swing.
	Saber steped forward with several precise slashes, all of which
Guyver 3 deflected. 
	Guyver 3 lunged forward with a high punch, Saber twisted and 
deliverd a powerful roundhouse kick. Connecting with the side of his neck
Agito reflexively used his arms to soak his fall before springing back to
his feet.
	"Not bad," Agito mumbled. Unaware of his opponents powers' Agito
decided against using his bigger weapons, and resumed in their hand-to-hand.

	From a birds eye view, Ax scanned the treetops surrounding the
nearby shrine. The small temple looked deserted as did the rest of the 
forest. Slowly he flew towards the grey space ship that also occupied the
airspace around the shrine.
	'There has to be someone here,' he thought.
	Hovering above an open field, he looked down in time to see 
something moving. It was just beyond the treeline, close to the ground but
tall enough to be human. It could have been an animal but he was to eager to
vent on a possible opponent. 
	Gradually he cut power to his thrusters. Making a slow descent
towards the treeline.

	Mizuki pulled back into the trees. "I think he saw me," she 
whispered.
	Crouched on one of the trees upper limbs, Sho peered through the 
branches in time to see the Teknoman land. The sight of it's metal armor and
glowing red eyes brought out a near irrepressable urge to summon his Guyver
unit.

	Planting both metal clad feet on the ground, with his weapon ready,
Ax strode towards the wall of trees. "Alright come on out," he growled.
	As he got closer, he could see two teens trying to slip farther into
the foliage. "You must not hear too well, I said..."
	Ax was cut off by an almost shrill cry and an almost simultaneos 
explosion among the tree limbs above. Looking up he was just in time to see
an oddly shaped green blur streak towards him, and as an equally odd foot
connected with his face.
	The hole world began to spin, then he realized the problem was
personal in nature. After hitting the ground with his back, he picked himself
up and studied his attacker. It was tall with green armor, blades on both
arms, and it assumed an attack stance.
	"Stay away from them," it said.
	"This may not be so boring after all." he muttered. 
	In a fraction of a heartbeat, Ax clreared the distance between them
and brought his battle-ax around for a mighty swing.
	Sho lept out of the way as the metal blade carved into and through a
tree trunk. Then drove his fists into the cyborgs flank several times.
	Though undamaged, Ax was knocked off balance by the punches as he
attempted another swing in the reverse direction.
	Sho was able to jump back out range then bounce back with a front jam
kick, the balls of his feet stricking the other's abs. But before he could
rechamber his leg for another kick his ankle was caught in Ax's grip.
	One-handed Ax lifted Sho of the ground and swung him like a sledge-
hammer through a nearby tree. Then into the ground before letting go. With
both hands on the shaft of his ax, he brought it above his head, ready
releive his oponent of his head.
	At the last instant Sho rolled out of the way and lashed out with a
vibro-blade slash. His blade was just milimeters away from Axs' chest when
Ax brought his weapon back up. The end caught Sho beneath the chin, knocking
him off his feet.
	Again Ax attempted a two handed chop before Sho could move.
	Instead of dodging Sho unleashed a stream of laser fire from his
head beam, sending an unprepared Ax stagering back.
	Beneath the layers of armor plating, Ax felt the sting of the laser
hitting him square in the chest, leaving several scorch marks on its gleeming
surface. 
	'Damn,' Sho thought, 'I've got to get that monster away from here.'
	Leaping beyond Ax's strikes, he lured him towards another side of
the field. "Come on," he shouted. "Let's see how fast you are."

	Where once there was a wall there is now a gapping hole, and 
Katsuhito Masaki stepped lightly through that hole, and into the livingroom.
Surveying the damage, he noted the overturned sofa, smashed coffe table,
and a smaller hole in the farwall. Stepping though the hole was the Teknoman,
still brandishing his rapier.
	Then something on the floor caught his eye. It was an intricately
designed sword hilt.
	'Tenchi and I are going to have a long talk this afternoon,' he
thought.
	Rapier lunged, again Katsuhito dodged. 
	In a heartbeat Katsuhito dropped his boken and scooped up his
grandson's sword, then turned to face Rapier. With a thought a beam of blue
energy lanced out of the hilt, taking the same shape as a katana. Tenchi-kin
hummed steadily in his hands as he assumed his kendo stance.
	"What the heck is that?" Rapier asked. 
	"Why don't you come a bit closer and I'll show you," Katsuhito said,
smiling and motioning with his sword.
	With new found caution, Rapier slowly edged forward, sliding his 
metal feet through the wet grass. The rain had almost stopped but the ground
was still soft which took away a lot of his traction.
	Katsuhito stood his ground, moving just enough to deflect Rapiers'
thrusts, which were coming at an increasing speed.

	As soon as he got to the tree line, Sho lifted himself off the ground
and shot through the trees at top speed. With his ability to fly based on
gravity manipulation Sho was increadably maneuverable in enclosed spaces, and
his sensors allowed him to plot a confusing rout through the maze of trees.
Ax however, utilizing powerful thrusters, was better suited for open air 
flight. 
	Unable to maneuver as precisely as his prey, Ax settled for plowing
through all the trees in his way. Even with his brute force method, Sho was
still gaining ground with his constant turns.
	Soon Sho's path began to straighten out and Ax cut through the trees
even faster.
	Then as he tore through a large oak tree he lost sight of Sho. 
"Damn," he growled  and continued to accelerate to catch up.
	Suddenly, the trees surounding him were gone and before he could 
brake, he flew at mach 2 into the side of a mountain.
	"Oh, crap," Sho blurted out. From his perch among the lower limds of
a nearby tree Sho watched the dust settle as a dazed and dented Ax stepped
out of the crater he'd made.
	Shrugging off the pain Ax lept and sliced off the limb Sho had been
standing on. There hand to hand fight resumed in a flurry of punches and
kicks.
	Ducking low to avoid a potentialy fatal slash, Sho spung up putting
all his weight behind a devastating uppercut, that sent Ax skyward.
	Reaching the apex of his flight, Ax pleasantly realized that his head
was still attached to his shoulders. Looking down he could see the treetops
belowe.
	'Damn, that was one hellova punch,' he thought.
	Reactivating his thrusters, he quickly altered his course and settled
into a hover. Eyes glowing a demonic red he looked for any sign of his 
opponent. 
	Then, like a ballistic missle Sho tore through the canopy of leaves,
heading straight for Ax at over 300 miles per hour.

	For good reason medical equipment is made to be simple, and user
freindly, thus Washu could recalibrate a spare laser scalple and cut away her
bonds with her hands tied behind her back. Although against her better
judgement that's exactly how she did it.
	Once free from her binds she activated her inter spatial matter
transporter, which teleported both her and Mihoshi to the engine room of
her prototype ship. She then ordered Mihoshi to keep track of the Teknomen
via the ships external cameras, while Washu began making adjustments to the
ships' systems.
	"Miss. Washu, I think you need to see this."
	Crawling out from the open paneling beneath a computer station the
universes greatest scientist leaned over Mihoshi's shoulder.
	"All of the Teknomen are within a one mile range. One is located by
the house and is fighting with Mr. Masaki," Mihoshi stated as she zoomed
in on Katsuhito confronting Rapier. "And the other two are engaging two 
unknowns, one of which is incredably close." Mihoshi swithed the images then
split the screen between the pair of Teknomen confronting the two Guyvers.
	Licking her lips with a predatory gaze at the Guyvers, "Oh I didn't
know humans had access to bio-booster units. When this's all over I'm
gonna be busy."
	Her mind spinning with possible tests to run on the Teknomen and
Guyvers along with what to do with her long lost prototype. Forcing her eyes
away from the screen Washu ducked back into the guts of the computer. "Keep
me posted," she called.

	Saber swore under his breath, cursing the days events, as he launched
another attack that failed to connect. Though the rain had practically 
stoped the sky was still cloudy, and combining the overcast with the dense
forest Agito was difficult to see.
	Slipping into Sabers' defenses, Agito lashed out with a volly of
punches but failed to pull back fast enough, and he was caught in a bone-
crushing bearhug. Thrusters flaring to life, Saber shot skyward, Agito still
in his grip, leaving scorch marks in his wake.
	"Let's see how well you fight in a vaccume," Saber yelled above the
the roaring wind as he accelerated past mach 2.
	Focusing all of his concentration on his gravity globe, Agito's 
controll medal began to glow. Saber suddenly found himself executing an
inverted U-turn and heading back towards solid ground. 
	"Why don't we see how well you defy gravity first," Agito yelled
over the wind.
	Every time Saber tried to adjust his course he felt gravity pull him
back on track. As their powerdive continued Agito unleashed a burst from his
sonic buster. The ultra sound waves tore micro fractures into Sabers helmet,
and nearly blew out his inner ear, his head held up to the assult but he
lost his grip.
	With the ground rushing up, Agito kicked away and watched as Saber
tried and failed to gain control of his fall. On the way down he'd built up
too much momentum to halt himself before coliding with the treetops.

	'How the hell does he fly?' Ax wondered, attempting to out maneuver
Sho, who had no visible prepulsion system. So far neither seemed to be
winning, although Ax had the definate advantage of speed in the open sky, Sho
had more long range firepower.
	Dodging a short burst of laser fire from Sho's head beam, Ax got in
close, the blade of his weapon cut across the Guyvers' chest resulting in a
shallow but wide wound. The cut hurt like hell but it wasn't bleeding very
much which was good. But the pain was enough to make him slow to dodge the
next blow which sliced open his left shoulder.
	With his weapon raised high ready for a killing blow, Sho lunged
forward before the strick could be brought down and delivered twin uppercuts
to Ax's midsection, hitting just belowe the ribs. Stunned he also received
a jab to his face, a reverse punch to the sternum, and a hook kick to his
right temple. On their own each strike would've easily killed even the
toughest of humans, although this was't the case with Ax, the result was
still devastating.
	If Ax had been aware enough he might have felt a slight pull as Sho's
gravity controler glowed and distorted the gravity in his immediate area.
Bringing both hands together as a small wormhole formed in the space between
his palms. At full power Sho unleashed three rapid fire shots from the
pressure cannon. The first orb of gravetic force glanced Ax's wrist, causing
him to lose his weapon. The second grazed his chest, tearing the armor.
While the third shatered his left pauldron and smashed his thruster on the
same side. To Ax the whole world began spinning, then he realized it was 
just him, his thrusters had cut off and he was tumbling towards the ground.

	The comabtants stood at opposing ends of an open field. Between them
the land was marked by devestation, trees were uprooted, smashed and 
scattered around them.
	Saber held his weapon at arms length, the once smooth edge of his
bladed lance was now chipped from repeated blows from Agitos' vibro blades. 
Agito had both arms up with all blades extended, his control medal glowing in
synch with Sabers eyes.
	"Let's finish this," Agito said.
	"Don't worry I will," Saber replied.
	Agito slid his fingers between his breast plates, the armor opened
revealing the twin silicon lenses beneath. The jellatenous material began to
bulge and glow as the energy was focused into the lenses.
	Simultaneously Sabers' pauldrons poped open, exposing the crystal
lenses they protected. "Tekno-Bolt!" he yelled as the beams of energy shot
from his shoulders. 
	Sabers' Tekno-bolt met Agitos' Mega-smasher, the beams collided in a
violent discharge of energy that blinded them.
	As the dust settled and the ringing in their ears died down, they 
both collapsed to their knees from exaustion.
	'This can't be happening,' Saber thought. Slowly he rose to his feet,
and saw Agito do the same. After an extended close up fight they'd both used
the most powerful weapons in their respective arsenals and it left them
extreamly drained. Still neither appeared ready to give in.
	Saber prepared to charge. Then there was an explosion behind him, 
he was hurled off his feet and into the dirt.
	"That was for earlier," an unsttelingly familiar voice said.
	Turning around, he saw the girl Washu aiming an impossibly big gun at
him. Next to her stood Mihoshi, armed with a similar cannon. The business 
ends of both firearms were glowing a light blue.
	"Now, if you make any sudden moves," she said, grinning sadisticaly.
"I'll up the setting on this puppy from low to high."

	With an inhumane roar, Rapier lunged forward with a blindingly fast
combo of sword slashes. None of which hit their target.
	Leaping above another thrust, Katsuhito brought his own blade down
onto Rapiers' chest. Pain ripped across the Teknomans' chest as fast as the
sword did, leaving a long but cauterized wound.
	Slowly it dawned on the Teknoman that despite appearances he was
seriously outmatched. Katsuhito was a smaller target, had centuries worth
of experience and superhuman strength. As tough as Rapiers' armor was it
couldn't compare to the force field that his opponent had.
	As their dual continued they didn't notice the others collect on
the fring of the combat zone.
	With Mizuki and Tetsuro close behind, Sho stepped out of the forest,
hauling an unconcious Ax over his shoulder.
	At the same time Saber was led into the clear at gunpoint by Washu
and Mihoshi with Agito bringing up the rear.
	With Washus' cannon pressed against his back Saber called out to
Rapier. "Rapier, stop!"
	Both combatants froze, Katsuhitos' blade just inches away from
Rapiers' face. Rapier, whose sword was in no position to defend himself,
simply stared unreadably at the swordtip that was aimed dead center between
his glowing red eyes.
	Slowly the two swordsmen put away their respective weapons.

	"Um, excuse me," Sho said, tapping Washu on the shoulder. "What are
we going to do with them?"
	Turning away from the engine rooms main terminal, she eyed Sho who
was still in his bio-boosted state. "Well as long as you and your friend
keep those three Teknomen under control, I'll be finished downloading the
new coordinates into the computer we can take them back to their original
time."
	"This ship's a time machine?"
	"Not intentionaly, but it does serve that perpose."
	Turning away from the conversation, Agito put his attention on Ax
who was starting to come around. He moved closer in case he awoke wanting a
rematch, but none of the Teknomen seemed to have mutch fight left in them.
	Despite this Mihoshi kept her fusion cannon trained on them.
	Quietly Agito walked towards on of the large metal doors. They'd
been teleported directly from Washus' lab to the ships' engine room and 
since everything seemed to be going smoothly, he decided not to pass up the
oportunity to go explore the ship.
	As the door slid open he herd a loud crash, acompanied by an even
louder scream from Mihoshi. Forgetting his exploration he spun around to see
what happened.
	Mihoshi was lying on the deck, her fusion cannon lay nearby after
bouncing off of a control panel. Everyone had their eyes on Mihoshi now, even
the Teknomen, who hadn't moved an inch.
	Suddenly an alarm sounded over the intercom, and a recording of
Washus' voice spoke. "Emergency activation of main drive systems have been
engaged." The announcement repeated several more times before Washu could
cut it off.
	"What's going on?" asked Sho.
	Washu was glued to her keyboard, entering commands at a feverish
speed. "Mihoshi must've accidentally triggered the ships emergency
start up. The gravity drive just came on-line and has accepted an incomplete
set of coordinates and the controlls aren no longer responding to my
commands."
	In the centre of the room the cylinder of blue fluid began to churn
as the rings of electricity formed on it.
	"This is not good," Washu muttered.


(2-21-99)
*To Be Continued in
 "Balance of Power"*(coming soon)

It's great to finnally be finished with this portion of the story and I
hope you enjoy reading it.
Please direct all thoughts of this fanfic to p_maurer84@hotmail.com