AN UNUSUAL DAY AT THE MASAKI RESIDENCE
		by Patrick K. Maurer (9-1-98)

A TENCHI MUYO, GUYVER, AND TEKNOMAN XOVER FANFIC

DISCLAIMER: ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO THEIR RESPECTIVE OWNERS AND ARE
BEING USED
            WITHOUT PERMISSION IN A NON-PROFIT MANER.

FOR THOSE WHO CARE THIS FIC TAKES PLACE NEAR THE END OF THE FIRST AND
ONLY SEASON OF TEKNOMAN IN THE U.S. AND BETWEEN EP. 6-7 OF BOTH GUYVER
AND TENCHI OVA

PRELUDE
  A LOOOOOOOOOOONNNG TIME AGO
  IN A GALAXY FAAAARR, FAR AWAY  

	"Uh, professor we're ready to start." Washu snapped back into
consciousness at the sound of her students' voice.
	"Thank you Kagato," she said rubbing her eyes.
	It took a few minutes for her overworked eyes to adjust to the room's
dim lighting and focus on the glowing 3-D displays. Once she was sure
all the information being shown was accurate, she looks up at the wall
sized view screen.
	Displayed on the screen was the empty vacuum of space. Well almost
empty, with tiny shinning dots light-years away. Considerably closer was
a light gray sleek diamond shaped spacecraft. <432 feet in length, 526
feet wide, and 340 feet high.> she thought, recalling every detail of
the ship that she had built.
	Tapping a few buttons on the counsel the image split to show the crafts
Main Engine Room. Kagato watched in fascination as the large clear
cylindrical object in the center of the engine room filled with blue
fluid. Once filled rings of electricity could be seen flowing up the
inside of it. The rings moved slowly at first, but their speed increased
as the ships reactor began to cycle up power.
	Washu looked down on one of the 3-D displays in front of her, <That's
odd, the power fluctuations in the Gravity Folding Engine System are
approaching dangerous levels. > "Kagato, check the primary reactor
readings."
	"Yes Prof..."
	He was cut off when the displays in font of him overloaded. The
resulting explosion caused both scientists out for a few seconds. When
he came to Kagato first noticed Washu's look of complete disbelief, then
the reason for her shock.
The prototype spacecraft was gone.
	On the outside Kagato looked as amazed as his teacher, but beneath the
facade he was reveling in his success at fooling the galaxies greatest
scientist. <It will be the first of many,> he thought.  

Chapter 1 Confusion
          Year 2099  

	Since the invasion began most of the systems in the Orbital Space Ring
had been shut down, with the exception of life support, scanning
systems, and weaponry, so they could support the Venomoid systems that
had been installed.
This made movement from deck to deck somewhat difficult, because the
armored blast doors were permanently locked shut. Fortunately for the
three Teknomen
Ax, Rapier, and Saber who was in human form, this proved to be only a
minor inconvenience.
	"So where are we going?" asked Ax, as another door was sliced open with
his large battle-ax.
	"Airlock B-6," Saber replied. 
	Falling into place behind their leader Ax, and Rapier simultaneously
asked, "Why?"
	"Thirty-five minutes ago, a craft of unknown origin appeared in high
orbit around Neptune, it maintained orbit for a few minutes then headed
here. When we tried to investigate the ship, we were repelled by a very
powerful energy field.   
It is currently in the process of dock with this station."
	<How can a spacecraft cover such a distance in so little time? > both
Ax and Rapier thought as they continued down the corridor.
	Passing by a window Ax and Rapier got their first look at the alien
spaceship. It was light gray in color and had a streamlined diamond
shape and appeared to be over 400 feet in length, 500 feet wide, and
about 300 feet high. Interestingly the ship had no visible propulsion
system, doors, or even view ports, to the naked eye the ship appeared to
have a perfectly smooth and seamless surface. The only exception was a
tube-like structure, about 20 feet in diameter extending from the side
of the ship to airlock B-6. 
	"Come on," Saber growled, bringing the two Teknomen out of their awe
inspired trance. "We're almost there."

	Upon entering the airlock they noticed that the inside of the tube it
had normal gravity, and although it was well lit there were no visible
light sources. The interior also had the perfectly smooth light gray
surface of the ships' exterior. 
	It took only a few minutes of wandering about the ship to tell it was
fully automated, and completely deserted. Doors slid open when they got
close without even a hiss. Each corridor looked identical, well lit,
comfortable temperature, and large enough to accommodate two eight foot
tall Teknomen and an average sized human easily. The only difference
between the corridors was length.
	"Who could've built such a vessel?" Ax wondered aloud.
	"A better question would be, 'Who would leave such a ship to drift
through space?'" Lance said. 
	"I don't think the ship's been away from its' home for very long. The
air's fresh, there's no sign of dust anywhere or a cleaning crew." Saber
responded.  
	Saber was getting edgy, most of the doors led to other hallways, a few
led to large storage rooms and one looked like an empty broom closet. 
	Ten more minutes passed under the same monotonous conditions, until
they found themselves approaching a door larger than all the rest they
had passed through. Instead of opening silently like the rest, a single
sentence, in English materialized on it.
		
		'PRIMARY ENGINE CONTROL ROOM
		   PROCEDE WITH CAUTION'

	The three of them stood there for a minute, trying to figure out what
they were looking at. Finely they came to the conclusion that this sign
was in English, and beyond the door was a control room for the ships
engine system.
	As the door slid closed behind them, they found themselves in a large
circular chamber, with only one other door. In the very center of the
room was a tall clear cylinder filled with dark blue fluid, running from
the floor to presumably the ceiling which was too high up for any of
them to see.  
	Several computer stations were scattered around the rooms' perimeter.
Each had a rather odd screensaver scrolling across the monitors. In what
appeared to be numerous languages, most they didn't recognize, was a
single sentence, 'Washu is the greatest scientist in the galaxy.' Above
this message was a digital clock face with 00:00 flashing endlessly in
red.
	"This can't get any stranger," Ax murmured.

The present
 
	The above mentioned scientist was watching an old digital recording of
one of her less successful endeavors. On screen she watched herself, and
her now dead former student Kagato, run the first and only test on the
Sonja prototype's engine system. The system was of an experimental
design that in theory was faster than hyperspace, unfortunately it was
extreamly power inefficient, and was completely unreliable. Wahsu had
spent over a year working on the design, perfecting it, until it was
flawless. It was one of the few times in her life she had been wrong, it
was a something she down right loathed. 
	After being freed from Kagato's imprisonment, she could examine the
data from the one perspective she had overlooked, sabotage. 
	--CRASH--
	Washu spun around in her chair to see their resident GP officer Mihoshi
sitting next to an overturned table, in a collection of shattered glass
equipment and a meal Sasami had brought her the previous evening. The
Detective first class looked rather pitiful covered in salad, and orange
juice.
	"Just how did you manage to get in here?" the super genius asked.
	"Well Ayeka, Ryoko, Sasami, and I were gonna go shoping, but I couldn't
find my other shoe, so I went to look for it and..." Washu sighed as
Mihoshi babbled on.  
	"... and so I... hey that's Kagato isn't it?" Mihosi asked, pointing at
the computer monitor. 
	"Yes, when he was still my student."
	Peering over the shoulder of the greatest scientific mind in the
universe Mihoshi asked, "So what were you doing?"
	"Well at the time I was working on the Sonja's prototype, using an
experimental engine system that would make the ship faster than any
other by creating a stable wormhole that leads to a subdimension.
Apparently Kagato didn't like the design and sabotaged my first test of
the ships main drive."
	More than a little confused Mihoshi asked, "But don't you do that
subdimension thing all the time, what was so important about that one?"
	"Oh, creating them on a small scale's easy. But making one large enough
to accommodate a starship is a little tricky and the dimension has to be
made just right to allow for convenient travel."  
	"I had just finished plotting the dimension and feeding the data to the
ships computer but Kagato rigged the ships engines to go active early.
The sudden energy surge from the engines shorted out all the computer
systems, by the time I got them back on line the ship was long gone.
Apparently he also disabled the auto cut-off timer I had set up to bring
the ship back in case something like this happened."
	"So where's the ship now?"
	"Whadd'ya mean 'Where's the ship now!" Washu yelled. "Weren't you
listening to what I said, it's trapped in some subdimension somewhere,
if it's still even in one piece."
	"If what's still in one piece?"
	"SONJA'S PROTOTYPE, YOU EMPTY-HEADED IGNORAMUSE!" Washu yelled, the 56
hours she had gone with barely any food or sleep were chatching up to
her. "HOW, WHY, THAT SHIP WAS PERFECT I NEVER TOLD KAGATO ABOUT ALL THE
FAILSAFES I HAD IN PLACE. HE COULDN'T HAVE DISABLED THEM WITHOUT ME
FINDING OUT. IT SHOULD'VE COME OUT OF THAT DAMED BLACK HOLE WHEN THE
TIMER RAN DOWN TO ZERO..." Washu's rant continued.
	"But don't black holes distort time and space?" Mihoshi asked meekly.
	The genius stoped in mid-rant as she herd what Mihoshi said, and
everything came together in her mind. Slowly she turned around, facing a
Galaxy Police officer on the brink off tears.
	"Ohkay, who are you and what've you done with Mihoshi?" Washu asked,
her voice thickly layered with sarcasm.
	"But Miss Washu I am Mihoshi," wipping bits of salad out of her
platinum blonde hair.
	Turning back to the computer screen, running a hand through her main of
spikey red hair. "One of these days I'll do a full spectrum search for
your I.Q."
	Her fingers flew across the translucent keyboard, a cat-like grin
formed on her face. <I can't beleive I didn't think of this before. All
I have to do is compensate for the time differential then reprogram
the...> her thoughts broke off as she finnished the computations and hit
the enter key. Immediately the computer responded with the results she
hoped for.
	Mihoshi stared in awe at the coordinates which glowed on the 2-D
screen.
	"Well whadd'ya know," Washu said. "The ship reappeared in this solar
system a hundred years from now."
	"But Miss. Washu, even if it will reappear in this solar system it
won't be for a hundred years so what good does that do?"
	"It already has appeared, and has apparently come to a stop in a high
orbit around Earth."
	"But..." not comprehending.
	"Look if I sat hear and explained all the details in terms one such as
you could understand we'd be hear for the next century making it
completely not worth my time." Then under her breath, "Of course that's
a conservative estimate."
	Eagerly she focused on the computer screen, working on a way to
retreive her lost ship.

	"Just promise me that this'll be the last time ohkay Tetsuro," Sho
said. 
	Tetsuro lookes away from the bus window, and the mid-morning
countryside, rapidly passing by. "What?" 
	"For the past week and a half you've been dragging Mizuki and me to all
these weird sites that supposedly had something to do with the
pre-Chronos zoanoids Gyuo mentioned. But sofar we've come up with
nothing usefull."
	"We'll what else do you want to do?" Tetsuro asked. "Repairs on the
school wont be completed for another week and..."
	"Yah, I know but there's something I need to tell you, just promise you
wont tell Mizuki."
	Tetsuro looked at his friend, rather woried adout what Sho would say
next. Ever since the school was attacked Sho had been pushing himself
trying to protect his friends around the clock. Not to mention trying to
discover what weapons the guyver posessed that he didn't yet know about.
The stress of the last few weeks had started to take its toll.
	"I promise I will not tell my sister, alright."
	Sho leaned back in his seat, taking a slow, deep breath. He let his
eyes setle on the back of Mizuki's head three rows away. She was talking
to the girl next to her, so she most likely wouldn't hear a word of Sho
and her brother's conversation. Sho kept his voice down just to be sure.
	"When the Hyper-Zoanoid Team 5 kidnapped you and Mizuki there was a
meeting of the student council. The only reason I attended was because I
wanted to ask Agito about the attack, I was hopping that somehow Chronos
hadn't brainwashed everyone I knew. After the meeting, when I asked him
about it, is when he told me he was one of them, a member of Chronos. He
also gave me a pretty good idea of how big the Chronos Corporation
really is."
	"Are you sure he wasn't just bulls***ing you?"
	"Absolutly, they may be reelling a bit from the loss of their Japan
branch but they wont stay that way for much longer." Sho paused for a
moment. "I think the best thing for me to do would be to take them on
more directly, but with Agito gone I'm the one who can stop Chronos. The
only way I can see myself protecting you and Mizuki while at the same
time fighting Chronos is if I leave Japan."
	Tetsuro was shocked, "You're serious?"
	Sho nodded.
	As the bus continued it's rout both friends sat in silence. Eventualy
Sho fell asleep.

	Sho felt incredibly tired, his legs were stiff from the bus ride, and
his conversation with Tetsuro did nothing to lighten the dismal mood
that surrounded him constantly as of late. With his hands stuffed deep
into his coat pokets, Sho trailed behind Mizuki and Tetsuro as they
walked along the stone path leading to the Masaki shrine.
	Mizuki looked back to see Sho staring at his feet, as he lagged behind.
Recently her friends mood was unusually dark, as if to emphasize his
depression it began to rain a light drizzle.

	Sandaled feet sinking into the now soft earth, raindrops matting his
thick grey hair, Katsuhito Masaki slowly went through his morning ritual
of kendo exercises. 
	The razor sharp bokken in his hands cut through the air, whistling,
with each swing of his arms. His movements were swift and gracefull,
from a lifetime of practice.
	Soon he ended the kata, earlier than normal to prepare for the visitors
he would be having. A high school student from another district had
called the other day asking for a small tour for him and a few others.
The boy had been polite enough in his request but something didn't seem
right in his story of trying to learn about the shrines unusual past for
a history report.
	Maybe it was just his imagination, but in the months since letting his
grandson into the Masaki shrine's inner chambers and accidentily freeing
Ryoko from her imprisonment, things have been quite hecktic. That and
the past few weeks were remarkably tame, Katsuhito hoped it wasn't
mearly a lull before the storm.

The future

	All around them the ship began to shudder as the main engines came back
on-line.
	"What the hell?" Saber muttered.
	In the center of the chamber, the blue fluid inside the cylinder began
to churn, swirling around with rapidly increasing speed. Rings of
blue-white electricity circled the cylinder's exterior.
	Not wanting to stay around, the three teknomen sprinted for the door.
When it refused to open as it had before, Ax raised his weapon above his
head and brought it down with inhumane force. The ax blade left no
visible mark on the door.
	While his companion's tried to pound the door open, Saber began tooling
around with the control panle. Both endevors ended in failure.
	"I think we're stuck," Rapier commented.

The past

	"Yes, I've got it!" Washu cheered triumphantly. "Now all I need to is
enter the final commands into my computer and I'll have my ship back
within fifteen minutes."
	Upon hitting the enter key a digital clock display appeared in the
upper corner of the computer screen. Starting at five minutes and
counting down to zero.	

	"Sho is something wrong?" Mizuki asked.
	Sho lifted his head away from the ground to look at her. She was very
beautiful, but also very concerned. "Uh, yes. I just haven't been
sleeping well latly." He hated himself for lying, even more because he
had a feeling she saw right through it.
	"Good morning," a smiling old man said. He was sitting on a treestump
where just a second ago the trio could swear nobody had been a few
seconds earlier.
	"Hello I'm..." Tetsuro began.
	The old man raised his hand signaling him to stop. "Thankyou but
introductions can wait a little while I think. Now please follow me."
	Katsuhito led them on the path towards the shrine. 
	Roughly half way there a massive ship materialized in the sky above the
small structure that was Kasuhito's office. The diamond shaped craft
hung there over thirty feet in the air.
	Maintaining his usual calm exterior Katsuhito turned to the three
teenagers, who were visibly shocked by the sudden appearance of a
spaceship. "I think it would be best for you three to head for the
trees, there's something I need to get."
	Once the three kids were well on there way he began running towards the
house. He had a feeling a certain super genius was at least partialy
responsible for this latest occurrence.

	Leaning back in her chair Washu began to pale visibly, as she stared at
her monitors.
	"Who're those three?" Mihoshi asked, pointing at the monitor.
	"Teknomen," Washu answered.
	"Are they good or bad?"
	"Prey that they're good."
	"But what do we do if they aren't?"
	Washu didn't respond for a minute. "The best we can." she said
solemnly.

END CHAPTER ONE

Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed the first part of this fic. The
conclusion will be out as soon as humanly possible.
e-mail me at p_maurer84@hotmail.com with any questions or comments you
may have on this fan fic