Vegeta Muyo!  (No Need for Vegeta!)
by Son Goharotto (son_goharotto@hotmail.com)



Welcome to the second episode of my Tenchi Muyo!/Dragon Ball Z
crossover.  I'm quite flattered that you liked the first
episode enough to keep reading, so I hope I don't disappoint
you ^-^v

Just a few warnings: The characters, story, et cetera from
both Tenchi Muyo! and Dragon Ball Z do not in any way belong
to me.  I am merely borrowing them to create a devious--er--
unlikely combination for my own (and hopefully my readers')
enjoyment.  Considering the context of the story, swearing
will be minimal and probably restrained to Japanese.  There
may be some violence later on, but otherwise, this should be a
family friendly fic ^-^v

The following is a list of punctuation that is common to all
my fics:
=Text in these= are titles.
"Text in these" denotes spoken dialogue.
[Text in these] denotes a person's thoughts or memories.
_Text in these_ denotes a stressed word, so certain sentences
read better.
*Text in these* denotes sounds.



       =Episode 02 - No Need for a Risky Experiment!=


"Damn that Washuu!" Ryoko grumbled, perched up on her usual
ceiling beam.  "The little brat is a threat, we should just
get rid of him."

"That makes you sound like quite the hypocrite," Ayeka
remarked glibly.  "You being a dangerous criminal and all."

"You wanna come up here and say that, princess?" Ryoko
taunted.  "Or will you just hide behind your guardians like
you did with that kid?"

"At least I don't go around blowing things up like a
madwoman," the Juraiian countered.

"Cut it out, you two!" Tenchi interrupted.  He was on the
couch, letting Sasami tend to a gash on his hand he had gotten
from jumping clear of Vegeta's attack.  "What's important now
is that we find out why this boy is here and why he attacked
us."

"Waaa-choo!!" Mihoshi sneezed loudly.  She was wrapped in
thick blankets and her hands shook so much, it was wonder she
didn't drop her cup of tea.  "Gomen nasai," she said,
embarrassed.

"Anyway," Tenchi continued.  "Washuu-chan said he was the
'Prince of the Saiyajin.'  Who are these Saiyajin?"

"A race of barbarians," Ayeka said with a frown.  "They live
only for battle and delight in violence.  But, he can't be a
real Saiyajin..."

"Why?" Ryoko asked, intrigued.

"The Saiyajin were wiped out with their home world by a comet
three years ago."

"Yukinojo said the space pod he came in is..uh..."  Mihoshi
paused, gathering her scattered thoughts.  "Oh!  He said it
was technology from the illegal planet trade."

"So maybe he's a refugee?" Tenchi suggested.

"Not likely," replied the princess.  "It was common knowledge
that the Saiyajin were employed by the planet trade as
'relocation agents.'  They specialized in relocating hundreds
of civilizations to the afterlife."  She shook her head
gravely.  "Whether he truly is the prince or not, he's
certainly still one of theirs'."

"Why hasn't anyone stopped them!?" Tenchi demanded.

"We tried," Mihoshi sighed.  The blonde hung her head
solemnly.  "The Galaxy Police lost too many officers in direct
confrontations with the Saiyajin to continue pursuing them.
We can't even make any connections to their suspected ring
leader..."

"..Furiiza," Ayeka finished.  Her tone was acidic and she
obviously loathed having to say the name.  "If there's one
person in the universe I could hate more than you Ryoko, it's
that man."

"Oh thanks so much for the compliment, oujochan," the space
pirate responded dryly.

Sasami finished bandaging Tenchi's hand and set down the roll
of wrappings.  She packed up the first-aid kit and took a slow
breath.  "I remember when he came to Jurai..."

Ayeka sat by her sister and took the little girl's hand.  "It
wasn't long after Ryoko attacked Jurai--"

"I was being controlled by Kagato, remember?" Ryoko muttered,
but Ayeka ignored her.

"--when Furiiza and his 'personal escorts' payed a visit.
That scum probably thought we were weak, but otousama proved
him wrong.  He had to defeat one of Furiiza's soldiers in a
duel before they would go away.  But...I didn't like how he
left," Ayeka said darkly.  "He looked too smug.  Like it was
just a delay and...only a matter of time before he conquered
us as well."

"I remember his eyes," Sasami whispered.  "Red..they burned
like coal."  The little girl gave a shudder and Ayeka hugged
her tight.  "Oneesama!" she cried through her tears.  "What if
Vegeta-chan is a slave!  We have to help him escape from
Furiiza!"

The humidity in the room rose about two hundred percent as
everyone else sweat-dropped at the same time.
"Ah....anou...Sasami-chan," Ryoko replied.  "Don't you think
your assuming a bit too much about that brat's innocence?  You
heard Ayeka.  If he's a Saiyajin, he's probably in it for
fun."

The younger princess glared up at the woman as if in shock,
but Tenchi was quick to defuse the situation.  "We won't know
the exact situation until Washuu comes back with Vegeta.
Until then, we'll just have to hope for the best...and prepare
for the worst."

>From then on, the day passed quickly.  Ayeka and Ryoko were
both preoccupied with their own concerns, so the squabbling
was kept to a minimum.  Sasami had been in something of a funk
since the morning, but she put on a happy face for the long-
suffering Tenchi.  The poor guy had spent seven hours hauling
off Vegeta's space pod into the yard and fixing the damage to
the fields.  By evening, Tenchi was dead tired and managed to
fit in a long, relaxing bath.  That is, only after a
particularly embarrassing incident with Mihoshi.  She had
apparently came down with a cold and spent the rest of the day
in the onsen.  While the GP officer was feeling quite
refreshed, Tenchi almost passed out from a nosebleed.

Twilight came and the sweet fragrance of soy sauce soup filled
the house.  Noboyuki called to explain that his current
project would keep him from coming home until tomorrow.  This
time he was designing an Okinawa summer home for a rich
elderly couple who promised to pay quite well.  Tenchi
resisted the urge to tease his father about missing what was
certain to be yet another delicious meal.  Katsuhito came down
from his own home to have dinner, but Tenchi suspected it was
more because he wanted to reprimand the teen for missing
today's kenjutsu training.  He cringed every time his
grandfather looked at him, but nothing was said.

There was neither hide nor hair of Washuu until just before
dinner was served.  There redheaded scientist emerged from the
subspace door beneath the stairs with a very self-satisfied
expression, thought that wasn't uncommon.

Ryoko, who had been in the kitchen, poked her head through the
wall.  "Done playing with your new toy?"

The little genius pinched Ryoko's ear and dragged the space
pirate with her into the common room.  "Don't talk to your
kaasan that way," she chided.  "Gather 'round, minasan!"

"Perhaps now we can finally get some answers," Ayeka said as
she came down the stairs.  Everyone gathered together, eagerly
awaiting the news.  Even Mihoshi was on alert and snapped open
the holster for her sidearm.  Katsuhito was the only one
present--except for Washuu of course--who showed not anxiety.

"So you have him secured, right Washuu-chan?" asked the
concerned Tenchi.

"Certainly," the scientist replied.  "He won't be causing any
trouble.  Now if I may present--" Washuu's finger hovered over
a button on her holocomputer "--the Saiyajin no Ouji!"  She
pushed the button and a subspace portal opened, depositing the
boy warrior on the floor.

Vegeta was locked inside a cocoon-like shell, leaving only his
head visible.  And what they could see of the boy did not look
happy by any stretch of the imagination.  "I will kill you,
baka ama!!  I will not stand for this...this humiliation!!!"
he roared.

Once again, only Washuu and Katsuhito didn't flinch at the
prince's tirade.  In fact, the redhead had a tiny smile on her
face as her finger pressed down on another button.  A hissing
sound came from the case Vegeta was in as small jets of steam
were leaked out of the seems.  There was a clicking sound,
then it split into assorted sections and faded away.  The
surprised prince landed on his feet with cat-like reflexes and
immediately spun to strike his captor.

*BZZZZZZZZZZT!!!*

"IIIYAAAAAHH!!" Vegeta screamed, collapsing all of a sudden as
his body shuddered in pain.  While the prince squirmed on his
stomach, they could see a small silver ring wrapped around the
base of his tail.  It blinked red at an even beat.

"What are doing to him!?" Sasami cried.  She quickly rushed
forward and reached for the boy, but a spark of electricity
kept her at bay.

"Don't worry, he'll be fine," Washuu reassured.  "That ring is
a restraint device.  It runs an electric current through his
body when he...shall we say...misbehaves.  Think of it as
negative reinforcement.  The exact current and duration vary
depending on what he did.  For trying to attack me, he gets a
jolt of point-oh-six amps for 30 seconds."  Just as Washuu
said, the thirty seconds passed and Vegeta stopped shaking.
His breath came in ragged gasps and smoke rose off his body.

"Did you say point-oh-six!?" Tenchi asked, shocked.  "That's a
near-lethal current!!"

"Maybe for a human, but not a Saiyajin," the redhead
corrected.  "They have a resistance of over 2,000,000 ohms;
more than three times a human's."  She waved her finger in the
teen's face matter-of-factly.  Meanwhile, no one else had a
clue what they were talking about.

"So...it won't kill him?" Ryoko asked at last.

"Nope."

The space pirate grinned evilly.  "Then let's zap the little
bastard again!"  She reached for the 'zapper' button, but
Washuu thwaped her hand and the computer disappeared.

"So," Vegeta's coarse voice choked out.  The boy stood slowly
and put on his most disagreeable face.  "What else can't I
do?"

"Welllll," the little scientist began.  She started ticking
off the points on her fingers.  "You can't attack anyone, draw
on your ki, leave the Masaki property, try to contact your
allies, et cetera."  Washuu grinned widely.  "I also reserve
the right to zap you again, should I feel it necessary."

"So, that effectively makes me your prisoner."  Vegeta crossed
his arms and swore.  "Kuso..."

"But what is the point of this, Washuu-san?" Ayeka wondered.
"Shouldn't we just be rid of the filthy beast?"

Vegeta eyed the purple-haired woman dangerously.  "I recognize
you; Jurai's first princess.  When I get out of this, I'll
make sure that your death is especially painful."

"Now now, play nice you two," Washuu snickered.  "You'll be
spending some time together anyway, so let's not get off on
the wrong foot."

"Just what are you planning, Washuu-san?" Katsuhito finally
said.

"Oh, just a little experiment.  Vegeta here will be spending
the next couple weeks with us for observation.  It's not
everyday you get to research a Saiyajin so closely, don't cha
know."

Sasami and Mihoshi--the latter probably not quite catching
what had just been decided--cheered happily for their new
house guest.  Tenchi, understandably, didn't look to happy
about the situation and was looking pale at the thought of
another troublesome alien.  Ryoko too appeared agitated,
judging by the energy that crackled around her hand.  Although
Ayeka tried to maintain her poise, it was once again Katsuhito
that had the room's highest level of composure.  He merely
arched an eyebrow, as if intrigued.

Vegeta looked around at the peculiar assemblage of people and
sweat-dropped.  "Why me?"

"I think it's almost time for dinner, so why don't you join
us, oujichan?" Washuu asked with a grin.

"Oh no!" Sasami cried.  "I forgot all about it!  I hope none
of the food is burnt!"  The little princess rushed off into
the kitchen.

Meanwhile, Vegeta regarded the redhead scientist with his
Glare O' Death .  "Will your first experiment be to see which
poisons kill a Saiyajin?" he said coldly.  "I'll pass."

"Oh, don't be like that.  This will be fun, honest!"

"See here, you li--" but he stopped short as Washuu's finger
hovered over the zapper button once more.

"I said, 'don't be like that,'" she repeated adamantly.

Vegeta winced, but complied.  "Fine.  But your death will be
the most painful of all."

"I bet you say that to all the cute girls," the girl genius
replied with a wink.  She herded Vegeta to the table where
everyone else was now sitting.  "Here, why don't you sit next
to Mihoshi?"

The prince grudgingly accepted his place and sat on a pillow
next to the blond.  He eyed her carefully, noting the Galaxy
Police badge that shone from inside her vest.  Mihoshi mistook
the glance and blushed.  "G-gomen, but you're a little young
for me, Vegeta-san...  But you are kinda cute, especially for
a ruthless criminal."

Vegeta's eye twitched.  "And you're rather daft, for
detective."

"Kyaaah!" she giggled.  "How sweet of you to say so!"

The Saiyajin shook his and turned to Tenchi.  "Is she always
like this?"

Tenchi faltered at being addressed directly by the boy prince.
"Uh...hai, sometimes."

At last, Sasami emerged from the kitchen carrying a large
tray.  "It's okay!  Nothing was over-cooked!" she said.
Tenchi quickly took the heavy tray from her, then went into
the kitchen to help with the rest of the food.  The blue-
haired girl thanked him and reached for the pot.  "Tonight,
it's niku-jyaga!"

Sasami lifted the largest pot's lid and there was much oo-ing
and ah-ing at the delicious aroma that rose out.  Vegeta
crinkled his nose and backed up involuntarily.  Not that it
smelled bad, but the strength of the scent took his super-
sensitive nose by surprise.  Saiyajin cooking--when they even
bothered to cook--wasn't like this!  Sasami served the prince
a heaping bowl of the simmered beef and he poked at it with
one of the chop sticks.  "What animal is this from?" he asked.

Sasami blinked, surprised by the simplicity of the question.
"Um, steer," she answered.

"Does it really matter?" Ryoko said, rolling her eyes.

"Hmm...tastes somewhat like monoloth" Vegeta said between
chews.  He had already consumed half of his meal.  "But not as
salty."

"D-demo, monoloth is poisonous!" Ayeka said in astonishment.

"Not to Saiyajin."  The boy warrior paused and glanced at
Washuu, who had made an 'aha' sound and was typing something
into her holocomputer.  He finished the rest of the bowl's
contents with one more gulp and held it out to Sasami.
"More."

*BZZT!*

"Er!....o...onegai shimasu."

Sasami giggled and gratefully served Vegeta a second helping.
Then a third.  Other than a scuffle with Ryoko when he asked
for a fourth, the rest of the meal passed without incident.
Dessert was kushi-dango, which also caught the Saiyajin by
surprise.  To think that such cuisine existed on such a
backwoods planet!  Vegeta took some comfort in the fact
that--prisoner or not--he would at least get to eat decent
meals.  Night finally came and the dishes were washed.  Thanks
to Tenchi's intervening, Washuu realized it was best to not
'ask' the prince to assist in that particular chore.

"What do you say we call it a day?" Washuu suggested with a
yawn.  "We need to make some sleeping arrangements for you,
oujichan."

"Whoa, hold on!" Ryoko interrupted.  "You mean you're not
locking this kid in a cage?"

"I am no beast to be caged!!" Vegeta growled.

Washuu ignored them.  "Tenchi-san?  I don't suppose you would
be willing to--"

"Iie," he replied firmly.  "Sorry Washuu-chan, but that's
where I draw the line."

"Oh well," Ryoko said with feigned resignation.  "The cage it
is."

The Saiyajin no Ouji wrung his hands.  "What did I just say,
onna!?"

Tenchi paid the two no heed and continued.  "We don't have
that many guest rooms, but he can sleep in the sun room if he
wants."  He and Washuu dragged Vegeta away from his argument
with the space pirate and brought him up stairs.  At the end
of the hall was a large open space with lots of windows and
several giant carrot pillows strewn about on the floor.  "I'm
sorry this isn't much," the teen apologized.

"I won't be sleeping much anyway," the prince grumbled.

"You might want to get some rest, 'cause tomorrow is your
first big day!" Washuu said.  "You'll be spending the day
helping Tenchi with his chores."

"W-w-why me!?" the young man queried nervously.

"It's all part of the experiment, silly!  Nighty night!"  The
redhead waved and skipped cheerily back down the stairs.

An uncomfortable silence ensued.  Tenchi coughed and glanced
at Vegeta from he corner of his eye.  The prince was surveying
the area, probably looking for any possible escape route,
formulating a plan, anything that could help get revenge.
Actually, he was critiquing the decor.  [Carrot pillows?
How..childish...] he thought in embarrassment.  He finally
noticed that Tenchi was still standing there and turned his
back.  "You're dismissed," he muttered.

"H-hai," the teen responded.  Tenchi hurried to his room as
fast as possible without looking like he was running away,
which he was.  He ducked into the room, but popped his head
back out the door.  "Um... Oyasumi nasai, Vegeta-san.  I get
up early to tend the fields, so--"

"Whatever," the prince replied off-handedly.  The young man
took the hint and withdrew, leaving his new house guest alone
with his thoughts.  This really was a rather hopeless
situation, Vegeta admitted to himself.  The girl scientist's
technology was too advanced to simply fight through.  That
accursed control ring was attached right at the base of his
tail and the only way to get it off would be to pull out his
tail by the root.  Something the Saiyajin no Ouji was _not_
prepared to do.

Vegeta settled down in the corner, where no one would be able
to sneak up on him.  At least not without going through the
wall.  He crossed his arms and stared disparately out the wide
picture window.  Outside, the last bit of violet had faded
away and the stars twinkled at him from through the dark
fabric of the night sky.  A cool breeze rustled the trees and
cleared some wispy clouds, revealing the rising moon.  The
prince allowed himself a smirk.  The moon was only at about
half now and he didn't know if it was waxing or waning, but it
was only a matter of time before the boy warrior would have
the opportunity he needed.

[I will not stand for this...]



                     To be continued...



           Goharotto Teaches Nihon-go!  Lesson 02:

Ama = One of the many Japanese words for "bitch" ^_^;;;

Baka = Stupid/moron/fool/etc.  Mildly insulting as Japanese
swears go.

Demo = But/however/etc.

-go = Means "language of."  Thus, Nihon-go means "language of
Japan."

Gomen nasai = I'm sorry/Excuse me/etc.  Can be said as simply
"gomen."

Hai = Yes.

Iie = No.

Kaa = Means "mother" and is always combined with an honorific.

Kenjutsu = Japanese fencing.  "Ken" for sword and "jutsu" for
technique/art/etc.

Kushi-dango = Skewered sweet dumplings.

Kuso = Damn!/Shit!/Crap!/etc.

Kyaaa = Typical shoujo shriek, usually used as laughter.

Mina = Means "everybody" and is usually paired with "san" to
be respectful.  Can be said as simply "mina," but is best used
among a group of close friends.

Monoloth = Not Japanese, but a made-up name that my friend
Pisces6 thought of for a creature indigenous to Vegeta-sei
(Saiyajin home planet) that the Saiyajin might eat.  My
imagination sees a cross between a sloth and a tiger with one
big wicked horn.  But that's me @_o;;

Nihon = Someone kick me for missing this in the first lesson.
Nihon is one of the Japanese words for Japan (the other on
being Nippon).  I've always thought it meant "land of the
rising sun," but I'm starting to think that's just a
stereotype... ¬__¬;;

Nikyu-jyaga = Simmered beef in soy sauce soup.

Okinawa = A group of islands that are the southern most part
of Japan's Kyushu Region.  They have a subtropical climate and
are ideal for vacationing and tourism.

Onegai shimasu = Means "please" but can also be said as simply
"onegai."

Onsen = Hot springs.  You know, that big floating bath house
in the OVAs.

Oyasumi nasai = Good night.
