Vegeta Muyo!  (No Need for Vegeta!)
by Son Goharotto (son_goharotto@hotmail.com)


*Updated 03/12/02 -- Some grammar corrections and a fix in
format for easier reading (I hope).


Howdy folks, thanks for taking the time to look over my humble
little ficcy.  This is a little Tenchi Muyo!/Dragon Ball Z
crossover that I had been thinking about for some time and
finally gotten around to starting.  Hopefully, this won't be
very long and subject to the perpetually-unfinished limbo that
many of my fics fall into.  Wish me luck! ^-^v

Just a few warnings: The characters, story, et cetera from
both Tenchi Muyo! and Dragon Ball Z do not in any way belong
to me.  I am merely borrowing them to create a devious--er--
unlikely combination for my own (and hopefully my readers')
enjoyment.  There may be some violence later on, but
otherwise, this should be a family-friendly fic ^-^v

The following is a list punctuation that is common to all my
fics:
=Text in these= are titles.
"Text in these" denotes spoken dialogue.
[Text in these] denotes a person's thoughts or memories.
_Text in these_ denotes a stressed word, so certain sentences
read better.
*Text in these* denotes sounds.



       =Episode 01 - No Need for a Violent Encounter!=


Space, a boundless expanse.  Millions of stars twinkle in the
eternal night.  At the edge of the Sol System, a single point
of silver streaks through the vacuum.  With its fiery tail, it
would appear to be a simple comet.  But the perfect spherical
shape betrays its true nature: a space pod of alien origin.

The round red window reveals its occupant, a spiky-haired boy
in warrior's garb.  The powerful build and furry tail are
evidence of his Saiyajin heritage, but his unmistakable
hairline tells more.  This boy with the severe widow's peak is
none other than Vegeta, Prince of the Saiyajin and one of a
few that escaped the mass extinction of his race.

Vegeta's eyebrow twitches.  Though he is deep in artificial
hibernation, the prince is not completely unconscious.  His
mind is still active, and it dreams.

[Vegeta-sama!" Nappa exclaimed.  "You're leaving on another
mission already?"

"Why should you care?" the young boy asked impatiently.  Their
footsteps echoed loudly down the long, empty hall of the base
on Furiiza-sei number 53.

"But that makes the eighth this week," the far larger man
replied.  "You shouldn't over-work yourself just to prove
those men wrong."

Vegeta stopped and turned around, staring up at his general
and--however unnecessarily--bodyguard.  "Since when did you
become so womanly, Nappa?  Not even my mother was so
effeminate."

The mohawked Saiyajin cringed.  "M-my apologies, oujisama."
The young prince resumed his journey to the space port and
Nappa, recovering from his embarrassment, hurried after him.
"I was worried that you were bothered by Furiiza's soldiers.
How dare they mock the Saiyajin!" he growled.

"Relax," Vegeta responded.  "I don't care about them and
neither should you.  I'm only working so hard to get
stronger."  They stepped out onto the departure platform and
the boy climbed into an empty pod, checking its energy levels.

"Strong enough to kill those fools," the man nodded grimly.

"Something like that," the prince replied with a chuckle.
"The only way to do that is to go out and fight.  Not sit
around here in Furiiza's lap, getting fat," he added, poking
Nappa in the mid-section for emphasis.  Vegeta sat down and
started up the pod.  "Now bow, Nappa.  People are watching.]

                  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For the first time in many months, Tenchi awoke to the gentle
sounds of birds chirping.  He let out a contented sigh and
rolled onto his back, stretching slightly to work the sleep
away.  Through the window beside his bed, Tenchi could see
nothing but clear skies and trees swaying slowly in the gentle
breeze.  "Ahhh..."

*BBOOOOOMMMMB!!!*

The sudden tremor knocked Tenchi out of his bed, landing in a
tangled heap of limbs and sheets on the floor. [Well so much
for that,] he groaned inwardly.  Disengaging himself from the
bed, the teen hurried out in his pajamas.

As he made it downstairs, he caught sight of Washuu standing
in the hall.  She was fanning away at some smoke that was
coming from the kitchen.  "Who would have thought that wasabi
and catsup was a volatile combination?" she murmured to
herself.  "I guess even the 'Number One Scientific Genius in
the Universe' can learn something new!"

"Washuu-chan, what's going on!?" Tenchi asked as he
approached.

The redhead grinned knowingly.  "You'll just have to see for
yourself, Tenchi-san.  I have some tests to run, so I'll be in
my lab if you need me," she said, right before disappearing
through the subspace door under the stairs.

As the smoke started to peter out, Tenchi stepped warily into
the kitchen.  Sasami--with the ever present cabbit on her
head--was rushing around trying to save breakfast.  "Oh no,
the carrots!"

"Miiyaaaa!" Ryo-ohki cried.

"What happened here, Sasami-chan?"

Surprised, Sasami whirled around.  "Tenchi-niichan!"  The
blue-haired girl fidgeted nervously under his confused gaze.
"A-anou, Ryoko-neechan...wanted to help...make breakfast for
you..."

Sure enough, the last of the smoke cleared away to reveal a
very shocked space pirate.  She wavered a bit and had
apparently caught the full force of the wasabi/catsup compound
explosion.  While Ryoko coughed out a cloud of smoke, Sasami
hurried over to dump out the still bubbling concoction the
woman had made.

Tenchi took Ryoko by the shoulders, looking into her stunned
face.  "Ryoko, daijoubu desu ka? Ryoko?"

"Ten..chi..?" she replied in a daze.  Finally recovering, the
woman returned his look sadly.  "Gomen nasai...I wanted...to
make you breakfast, demo...."

"It's alright, Ryoko," he responded.  "As long as you're
okay."

"Honto, Tenchi?" she said quietly.  Tenchi nodded with a smile
and the woman leaned into him slightly, resting a head on his
shoulder.  The teen froze up and turned red as Ryoko's fingers
traced lines up and down his spine.  "I'm glad you care,
Tenchi," the space pirate whispered in a sultry tone.

"Tenchi-sama?" came Ayeka's sleepy voice from down the hall.
She trod slowly into the kitchen in her night robes, rubbing
her eyes with the back of a hand.  "Something loud woke me.
Are you all right, Tenchi-sama?"  The princess stopped short,
eyes snapping open as Ryoko grinned at her like the cat that
ate the canary.

"We're just fine, oujochan," Ryoko sneered.  "You can go on
back to bed now."

"You fiend!" Ayeka shrieked.  "What are you doing to my dear
Tenchi-sama!?"

"Oh, so now he's _yours_, is he?  What ever gave you _that_
idea?  I found him first, remember?" she added, sticking out
her tongue.

"I doubt Tenchi-sama would want a..._despicable_ criminal like
you hanging all over him!  Now let go of him this instant!"

"Who's gonna make me?"

"I will if you keep this up, you vile demon!"

"Yeah, you and what army?"

"The entire Juraiian space fleet should take care of you
nicely!"

"Bring it on, princess!"

"Miyaa..."

"Anou, I should..uh..go tend the fields..or something.."
Tenchi said, managing to escape Ryoko's death grip on his
neck.  He snuck around the quarreling women and slipped out
the kitchen door.

"Tenchi-niichan!" Sasami called, hurrying after him.  "I'll
have breakfast ready by the time you get back!"

"Arigatou, Sasami-chan!" he replied, then climbed the stairs
before Ryoko or Ayeka could give chase.

                  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Beyond Earth's atmosphere, Mihoshi's patrol ship was hovering
at a point between it and Mars.  The Galaxy Police detective
herself sat slumped down in the command chair as Yukinojo
droned on about rules, protocol, and whatnot.

"Yukinojo!" the blonde whined.  "I miss, Tenchi-san.  Let's go
back.."

"Mihoshi-dono!" the computer scolded.  "We just started patrol
after your month-long vacation.  Try to remember that you are
a police officer in charge of ensuring law and order.  You
can't do that if you don't go on patrol once in a while!"

"But he's so nice and he doesn't yell at me like everyone
else--"

"Mihoshi-dono."

"--and he's really cute, cuter than that what's-his-name
actor--"

"Mihoshi-dono!"

"--and he works so hard to protect everyone, even though he
doesn't have to--"

*breep breep breep*

Alerted by the alarm, Yukinojo ignored the blonde woman's
ramblings and checked the sensors.  "Mihoshi-dono, a small
space pod is approaching at tremendous speed.  It is of a
design used by the illegal planet trade.  I suggest intercept
and--"

"--but it's not like that, at least, I don't think so--"

"Mihoshi-dono."

"--not that I would mind, 'cause I really like him--"

"Mihoshi-dono!"

"--but don't know if it would work out, since I'm GP and he's
from a protected system--"

"Mihoshi-dono!!"

*VVVVVOOOOOMMMM!!!*

The patrol ship rocked by the near-miss as the silver orb
streaked past them.  Mihoshi was snapped out of her trance as
the turbulence knocked her on her bottom.  "Aiya!"

"Mihoshi-dono, the space pod is heading directly for planet
Earth!"

"Hai, 1st class detective Mihoshi is on the case!" she said
with a salute.

"Mihoshi-dono, we are being pulled along in the space pod's
wake at dangerous speed," Yukinojo said.  The ship started to
vibrate and fire could be seen outside the viewport.  "We have
entered Earth's atmosphere, impact in--"

"Ai-la-la-la!"

                  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Under its own power, Vegeta's pod passed through Earth's
atmosphere much faster and landed in a mountain area.  Many
trees were vaporized in the impact and the pod dug a crater
that cut into the end of a carrot field.

The prince was awakened from artificial hibernation by a
chemical bath and the computer's sterile voice.  "Wake up,
Vegeta.  We have arrived on frontier planet FX-67.  Wake up,
Vegeta.  We have arr--"  The vaguely feminine voice was cut
off as the boy jabbed a finger at the computer console.

"It's about time," he muttered.  The pod door opened with a
hiss and the Saiyajin no Ouji climbed out.  He stretched a
bit, then put on his Scouter and activated it.  "This better
be worth the trip.."  The device attached to his ear ran
through the typical planetary scans, which the prince skipped.
Immediately, it registered a large power source above and too
his right.  Vegeta whipped his head over to see a thin, short-
haired boy--apparently a local--peering at him in wonder from
the edge of the crater.  "B-bakana!" the Saiyajin scoffed.
"How could someone like that have such a high combat power!?
This must be malfunctioning..."

Not knowing the danger he was in, Tenchi stood upright and
smiled, waving at the alien boy below him.  "Ohayo!"

Vegeta pointed a finger at the teen and fired a ki beam, which
the Earthling barely avoided with a jump.  He took off at a
run, disappearing from sight.  "Or maybe not.  Perhaps all
that power is used for running away?" the prince wondered,
floating up out of the crater.  He pressed the button on the
Scouter again. [Hmm...this seems to be an isolated area.  The
only nearby beings are over there,] he thought, looking past
the rather large carrot patch at a house set in the side of a
forested hill. [A couple more large powers there too.  Well,
let's go see if all the locals are cowards.]

Up ahead, Tenchi was running frantically for home as Ryoko,
Ayeka, and Sasami rushed out of the house.  "What was that!?"
the space pirate demanded.

Out of breath, "Some kid *pant* tried to..kill me..*huff*"

"What?  Who would dare!?" Ayeka said angrily.

They all looked back and watched as a small figure across the
field flew towards them quickly, then land a few meters away.
"Did you try to kill Tenchi?" Ryoko growled.

[Ah, maybe some of the locals will actually put up a fight,]
the Saiyajin boy thought happily.  He crossed his arms and
smirked at the cyan-haired woman before him.  "And what of
it?"

"Onore--!"

Everyone stopped at a rumbling sound from above.  They all
looked up as Mihoshi's patrol ship plummeted from the sky and
crashed into the lake, drenching them all in a tidal wave.
Vegeta paused, then shook his head to dry his soaked crown of
spikes.  Seeing an opening, Ryoko gathered energy in her palm
and fired at the Saiyajin.

"Che, is that all?" the prince asked in a bored torn.  He
leapt over the blast easily and fired his own ki bolt down at
the group.  While Ryoko teleported away, the other three were
scattered by the explosion.  Vegeta glanced over his back and
dodged a slash from the space pirate's laser sword, countering
with a one-two punch to the stomach.

"Oof!" Ryoko 'oof'ed, doubling over.

"Don't be so weak!" Vegeta taunted.  He raised his fists and
hammered Ryoko to the ground with an overhead smash.  Flying
down to attack again, the prince was intercepted by a what
looked like floating logs.

"Azaka!  Kamidake!" Ayeka commanded.  The two guardians
appeared on either side of the Saiyajin no Ouji.  "Seize him!"

An electrical field crackled to life around Vegeta, paralyzing
the boy warrior in a painful grip.  The force was almost too
great for the prince to withstand.  Almost.  With a shout, he
broke their hold and fired a ki blast at them both, knocking
the two aside.  Glaring at the princess, Vegeta landed and
started to advance.  "Juraiian guardians, is it?  You'll pay
for that, onna!"

"I would stop right there, if I were you!" came Washuu's
voice.

Vegeta looked to his side, where the not-much-taller redhead
waggled her finger at him.  "You can't stop me, none of you
can.  I am the Pr--"

"Prince of the Saiyajin, yada yada yada.  I know who you are,"
Washuu grinned evilly.  "But do you know who _I_ am?"

"It won't matter, since you'll be dead in moments anyway."
Raising his hand, Vegeta gathered some ki.  "Shine."  He fire
the beam, which streaked toward the child-like scientist.  The
others cried out in fear, but Washuu remained calm. Just
before it hit her, the beam was absorbed by an invisible wall
of energy.  "Nani!?"

"Told ya so!" the girl laughed.

Another wall bumped into Vegeta's back and pushed him forward.
He looked around in panic as two more walls formed a box
around him, then was capped off by a final energy barrier on
top.  The prince pushed against the cage to no avail, his
swears muffled by it.  Finally, Vegeta tried the strongest
Shougekiha he could muster, but it too was canceled out.
Defeated, he fell to one knee and huffed, out of breath.

"Ryoko!" Tenchi cried.  He hurried over to where the
motionless woman was sprawled on the ground.  The teen knelt
by her side, gently helping Ryoko into a sitting position.

"..uuhhh..kid packs a wallop," she groaned.

Tenchi sighed in relief.  He looked hesitantly at the energy
cube which seemed to successfully contain the dangerous little
boy.  "Washuu-chan, will that hold him?"

"Of course!  Don't you have any faith in me, Tenchi-san?" the
young-looking scientist replied in mock-indignity.  "This
could contain a super nova.  Unfortunately for out little
prince here--" she poked at the cube and giggled "--he's not
quite that strong yet."

"Is he truly a prince, Washuu-san?" Ayeka asked, approaching
cautiously despite the older woman's reassurances.

"Yep," Washuu responded off-handedly.  She was now busy typing
something into the holographic computer console that hovered
before her.  "I need to make some more permanent restraints
first, so I'll let you all get acquainted later."  The energy
cage rose from the ground, it's bottom scooping the Saiyajin
up.  As she walked back towards the house, it followed beside
her.

"Demo, Washuu-san--!"

"Relax!" she called over her back.

At the lake shore, Ryo-ohki was dragging a dazed Mihoshi out
of the water.  "Ai-la-la-la..."



                     To be continued...



Well now, thanks for sticking through the first episode!  As a
reward, here's the first lesson of "Son Goharotto Teaches
Nihon-go!"  These will pop up at the end of further
installments (as necessary) to define the Japanese terms I
tend to use in fanfiction.  I know a lot of authors use some
Japanese, but there are probably some readers out there that
still don't understand them.  So as a service to you, the
reader, here's a little help:

Ai-la-la-la= An expression of surprise/confusion that (as far
as I know) is used only by Mihoshi.

Aiya= Just a typical Japanese expression of
surprise/confusion.  Kinda of like saying "whoa!"

Anou= The Japanese way of saying "ah, well, you see, it's like
this" and is a general term for embarrassment/confusion.

Arigatou= Thank you.

Bakana= No way!/It can't be!/etc.

Chan= Usually translated as "little" in subtitled anime.  It's
another honorific which implies great affection.

Che= Not a word, just the sound Vegeta makes when mocking
someone.  It's best described as the sound made when you role
your eyes.

Daijoubu desu ka= One of the few proper sentences I use, this
means "are you all right?"  The "ka" is actually a spoken
question mark and "desu" is a sort of non-word that is used to
complete a sentence.  Thus, this can actually be shortened to
"daijoubu" ("all right").

Demo= But/However/etc.

Dono= Yet another honorific, this is usually considered to be
between "san" and "sama" in terms of respect.  This implies
respect without any degree of affection, so is used by
emotionless beings such as Yukinojo (the AI in Mihoshi's
computer) or Azaka and Kamidake (robot/tree guardians).

Furiiza= The Romanization of "Freezer," a central villain of
Dragon Ball Z.

Gomen nasai= I'm sorry/Excuse me.

Honto= True/Honest.  In proper Japanese, this is immediately
followed by "ni" and approximately means "is that true?"

Jin= Means "person (or people) of the..."  In this case,
Vegeta is a "person of the Saiya."

Ki= Boy, here's a doozy.  "Ki" is the Japanese term for "life
energy" (approximately).  If it helps, it's more commonly
known by the Chinese equivalent "chi."  It differs from
Ryoko's energy attacks because she draws energy from around
her while Vegeta draws energy from within himself.  Ki is thus
a limited resource.

Miya= Just the sound Ryo-ohki makes.  However, please note
that this does NOT mean "meow," for which the Japanese
spelling is "maio."

Nani= What.  You can also add "ka" at the end, but it's
usually used as a question either way.

Nee= Sister.  Almost always paired with an honorific.

Nii= Brother.  Almost always paired with an honorific.

No= Japanese for "of (the)," hence "Saiyajin no Ouji" means
"Prince of the Saiyajin."

Ohayo= Literally means "good morning" but can also be used as
"hi."

Onna= Woman.

Onore= Why you..!  Pretty much a growl of anger/frustration.

Ouji= Prince.  It's always combined with an honorific; hence
"oujisama."

Oujo= Princess.  It's always combined with an honorific; hence
"oujosama."

Sama= An honorific, this is tacked on to the end of someone's
name whom you deeply respect.  An English equivalent would be
Lord or Sir (like a knight)--not King, for which the Japanese
word is "ou."  "Sama" can also be used to express extreme
affection.

San= The standard Japanese honorific, it pretty much means
"Mister" or "Miss" and implies a degree of respect.

Sei= Planet.

Shine= Die/Death/etc.

Shougekiha= The general term for a ki attack that expands from
the body like an explosion.  Usually accompanied by shouting
and throwing out one's limbs.

Wasabi= Best described as Japanese mustard, often green in
color.  But don't mistake it for our sissy yellow stuff.
Wasabi uses a LOT more mustard seed than our type and is thus
MUCH stronger in flavor.


That's all for today!  Please look forward to the next episode
of Vegeta Muyo!  Jaa ne, minasan! ^-^v

(And now for the obligatory shameless plug:  Don't forget to
visit my homepage, the Enpitsudo Dojo, at
http://enpitsudodojo.homestead.com!)
