VISIONARIES
By: Matt Taylor

Disclaimer: All Ranma 1/2 characters are the property of Rumiko Takahashi. 
All Tenchi Muyo characters are the property of AIC/Pioneer. I receive no 
payment for this and am doing it for my own amusement.

*************

CHAPTER 6

    Ranma Saotome sat in the middle of his grandfather's shinto shrine, deep 
in meditation, trying to calm himself of the conflicting emotions that were 
running in him at the moment. It had been two days since the attack by Ryoga 
in the mall, and he still didn't know why Ryoga wanted him dead. When they 
where in high school together, they had decided on a duel, to settle some 
problems started in the lunchroom. Ranma had waited in the alley behind 
Ryoga's house for three days, but he never came. Ryoga's infamous directional 
curse was more than likely responsible, was he sore, because by the time, he 
got there, Ranma was gone? Surely he wouldn't be nursing a grudge that long!?

    Also, Ranma was worried. He and his father had made a bad impression on 
quite a few people in China, and if Ryoga was an example, some of them might 
be coming for him. He knew Tenchi and Uncle Nobuyuki worried about the 
structure of the house, and anymore fights like the one with his old school 
acquaintance would make those fears very well founded. Sure, Nobuyuki was an 
architect, the money his firm brought in would allow quite a few re-buildings 
on the house, he couldn't blame him for worrying. Ranma was sure he could 
beat any of them, but not without major damage being done.

    Then there was that pirate. Ryoko. She had flagrantly stepped in, and 
interrupted his fight with Ryoga. Making the fight a draw. How dare she step 
into his business!? The fight was a personal duel between two men, and not 
the place for a woman. The fact that she disposed of him so easily, only made 
it worse. She dispatched him in five seconds, while it took him much longer 
to get knocked almost unconscious. Of course he wasn't really unconscious, 
just...pretending, in order to lure him into a state of false confidence, 
yeah, that was it.

"Oh, lord Ranma." He looked up to see the violet haired princess, Ayeka, step 
into the shrine.

"Ayeka." He said. He had to admit, that he and the princess had not gotten 
off well at first, what with her trying to kill him and everything. But Ranma 
liked to think they were getting along better. "What can I do for you?"

"I was looking for Lord Katsuhito."

"He's out for the day, at a convention of Shinto priests in the city." In 
fact, Ranma was looking over the shrine for him while he was gone. The fact 
that his grandfather trusted him to do something like that, was a good source 
of pride for him.

"Oh I see. How are you doing?"

"Okay, just meditation, really. Trying to clear my head a bit."

"Are you still thinking about that horrible man who destroyed the mall?"

"Ryoga, and yes. He wants me dead for some reason."

"I don't see why, really. You seem like a perfectly respectable man, lord 
Ranma." She said. Ranma wondered if he should tell her about some of the 
things that he and his father had done on the training journey. "He is 
obviously insane." Ayeka said, before he could decide.

"Maybe, but Ryoga wasn't the type to do things unless there was a reason."

"Hmph. Don't think about him, hopefully we will never see him again. But 
enough about him." Ranma looked at her questioningly. "I just realized I know 
very little about you, Lord Ranma, I'd love to know abit more about the 
people I'm staying with."

"Well. I'm trained as a martial artist, unlike Tenchi, and grandpa. When I 
was four, me and my family moved back into the house, when my aunt Achika 
died, it's been home ever since. Though I've spent the last ten years on the 
road in China, on a training journey with my father."

"A training journey?"

"Yes, my father took me around China, teaching me various martial arts 
abilities, and fighting styles. I haven't lost a fight in the last six 
years." Ayeka looks slightly disbelieving. 

"Never been defeated? What about Mister Hibiki?"

"That was a draw."

"And there was your last two fights with Lord Katsuhito...." Ranma was 
starting to get red.

"Okay, okay, but I spent most of the last few months before returning, trying 
to find a cure to my curse so I was a little rusty!" Ranma said. Ayeka moved 
back a bit at Ranma's outburst.

"Of course, of course, my apologies."

"Sorry. It's just that whole thing with Ryoga has me upset."

"Well at least you weren't hurt."

"That's not the point! That woman interfered in my fight!" Ayeka's face grew 
disgusted. When it came to Ryoko, they were both very much in agreement. The 
woman was nothing but trouble. "It's against the rules of a fight for someone 
to interfere. The fact that she got rid of Ryoga only made it worse!"

"It must have been horribly embarrassing." 

"Yes. I could have beaten Ryoga, without her help!" Ayeka decided to ignore 
the fact that he was unconscious when Ryoko intervened. "Because of her, I 
lost!"

"I thought it was a draw?"

"I consider it a loss. I don't believe in draws."

"I see." Ayeka said.

"What's worse is that I lost in front of so many people." Ranma said, his 
anger still up.

"Actually, I believe most of the crowd ran away when the fight started." 
Ayeka pointed out.

"Maybe." Ranma said, perhaps feeling slightly better at the fact that so few 
people saw the fight.

"Well, it's time for lunch, care to accompany me Lord Ranma?"

"Sure."

"Sasami should have an excellent lunch prepared. She's quite an excellent 
chef."

"Maybe, but nobody an cook like Ucchan can."

"We'll see."

*************

In a place called the Nerima district.

    Ryoga Hibiki has no idea where he is. He has been unconscious ever since 
his short and violent battle with the space pirate called Ryoko. Even now he 
lies on a bed in a home here in the Nerima district. A young woman sits by 
his bed, watching him. He had crashed through the roof of their dojo one day 
while she was in the middle of her practice. She puts a warm washcloth to his 
head, wondering how long it'll be before he comes to. She turns her head as 
another woman, slightly older than her, enters.

"Is he still out of it?" She asked.  

"Yeah, I hope he comes to, soon."

"Me too. He's gotta pay for the hole he put in the dojo roof."

"Nabiki! He's hurt. What? You want me to go through his pocket's looking for 
his wallet!"

"I suppose not. Don't worry, sis, he can't stay like this forever."

"I hope so." Nabiki Tendo left the room, allowing her little sister to 
continue her silent vigil.

*************

"Delicious as usual, Sasami." Ayeka said, wiping her mouth off daintily, and 
stood up. Ryoko merely vanished into thin air from her seat. Ayeka looked 
down at the dirty plate, the pirate had left, and growled something.

"Yes....delicious." Ukyo said. Ranma stared at his friend for a moment, 
wondering about the odd way she had said that. Sasami apparently didn't 
notice it.

"Thank Ukyo." She said. Ukyo got a strange look on her face, and she went to 
put her plate up. Ranma got up from his seat, and went over to her.

"You okay Ucchan?"

"Oh...sure Ranchan."

"You seem a little upset."

"It's nothing, really. I'm just tired, that's all."

"From what?"

"I had to help clean up this morning. Another of Ryoko and Ayeka's fights."

"I see." Ranma said, not entirely convinced. He put it aside for the while, 
and placed his dish in the washer. He hadn't seen Ukyo look that 
depressed...ever. Perhaps he should talk with her later."

*************

"Ugh...urgh...eegghhh....unngh!" Tenchi pulled and pulled at the carrot, but 
it wouldn't seem to come out of the ground. He had always spent weekends 
working in the fields in the valley below the shrine. They where able to make 
a good amount of money off them, adding the pay from this to the money from 
his dad's architecture firm, the Masaki family was very well off. Tenchi 
wondered on occasion just how much they had in the bank, but could never 
really find out.

    Tenchi had been working in the fields since he was 9, and now he was the 
only one who worked out here. He had hoped that his cousin would help out, 
but Ranma was looking after the shrine for grandpa. Odd that grandpa would 
put someone like Ranma in charge on the shrine. He sighed and put the thought 
away. Tenchi started yanking on the carrot again, putting his entire body 
into it. What was wrong with this thing!? He was so into it, he didn't even 
hear the person walking up behind him until she was right there.

"Nihao." Tenchi leapt into the air, in surprise, landing on his rump, he 
stared up at who had surprised him, and felt his eyes rise in surprise. It 
was a Chinese girl, that was for sure. She was dressed in a purple outfit 
that looked almost like pajamas, and had slippers on her feet. The most 
striking thing about her was her hair. It was very large, and done up in 
bright purple. She was beautiful that was for sure.

"Can...can I help you?" He asked.

"Hai! Shampoo looking for red-haired girl. Red-haired girl say she live in 
Yokohama, you know her?"

"Well, there are a lot of red heads around, could you be more specific?" The 
young woman put her finger-tip to her chin, in a classic thinking pose.

"Hai! Red-haired girl named Ranma!" Tenchi face-faulted.

"Y...you're here looking for Ranma?" The girl got a look of joy on her face.

"Hai! You know her?"

"Yeah, he's my cousin." The girl obviously missed when Tenchi said "he."

"You take Shampoo to her?"

"Sure just let me get this carrot out of the ground." Tenchi turned back and 
prepared to try again. Suddenly she stepped in front of him.

"Here, let Shampoo try." She leaned down and gave a small tug on the carrot, 
and it popped out easily. "Here." She said smiling.

"Gee thanks." Tenchi, non-chalantly. "I'll take you to see Ranma."

"Hai."

"So what's your name?" He asked.

"I Shampoo." She said.

"Pleasure to meet you. So why do you need to see Ranma?"

"Shampoo find red-haired girl, and crush her skull!!" Tenchi leapt back as a 
weird angry grimace came on her face. Then suddenly she was all cheery smiles 
again. "You take Shampoo there?"

"Uh....sure." Tenchi had a feeling it was going to be one of those days.

*************

    Ranma snapped out of his meditation, with an odd feeling of dread. He had 
spent the time since lunch, trying to figure out what was wrong with Ukyo, 
but had come up empty handed so far. All of a sudden an awful feelings went 
through him. Why?

"Hey Ranma?" Ranma looked in surprise as Tenchi entered the shrine.

"Hey, what's up?"

"I...have someone here to see you." Tenchi stepped aside, and Ranma felt his 
breath stop and his heart try to climb up his throat.

"Oh...my...god." Where the only words he got out."

"Nihao! Me Shampoo. You seen Red-haired girl? Name Ranma?"

"Uh, Shampoo. This is Ranma?" Said Tenchi. Shampoo looked at Tenchi, in a 
wondering manner for a moment, before getting an slightly angry look.

"Silly boy! This not Ranma! Ranma Red-haired girl!"

"Yes!" Ranma said, leaping up and walking over to the both of them, sweat 
pouring off him. "Yes, Ranma is a girl! But she's not here right now."

"Where is she, then?"

"Oh, she was on a training journey...could be...years before she gets back." 
Ranma laughed nervously, then. Tenchi looked at him like a second head had 
just grown out of his fore-head. 

"Hhmm...You mind if Shampoo stay awhile then? Shampoo travel along way, and 
not have place to stay."

"I don't know, we're pretty full as it is."

"Well, we still have a room." Tenchi said. Ranma recoiled in horror. "You 
could at least spend the night."

"Hai! Shampoo only need stay that long."

"Do you have a problem with it Ranma?" Ranma's teeth where so clenched that 
he barely got out...

 "No problem."

Shampoo smiled and went towards the door. While Ranma grabbed Tenchi and 
pulled him back in.

"Are you out of your mind!?"

"What? What is it?"

"That's Shampoo! That's why! What the hell is she doing here!?"

"I don't know, she walked up to me in the carrot field. Said she had to find 
you."

"Okay...okay...this isn't a problem, she's only going to stay for the night, 
so as long as I don't encounter any cold water, it should be okay." Ranma 
started to breathe easier.

"What's your problem?" Tenchi asked.

"Well, when we where in China we stayed at the village where Shampoo lived. I 
was in female form at the time, and we couldn't seem to find any hot water 
without telling someone about our curses. So I had to spend the time as a 
woman. The Amazons are warrior women, so one of them challenged me to a 
battle. We were there to learn some ancient Amazon fighting techniques. I 
didn't want to fight this girl but she forced me into it. I decided to go 
easy on her, and all." Ranma said. Tenchi listened in rapt attention, as 
Ranma caught his breath.

    So, completely by accident, I end up beating her, and she kisses me! In 
girl form! Thanks to something pops did after the fight we ended up getting 
kicked out of the village. But that girl, Shampoo, followed us. Turns out 
that kiss was something called the Kiss of Death! Since she was defeated by 
me, she has to kill me!" Tenchi recoiled in slight shock. "It's an Amazon 
law. She showed up at various places over the journey, coincidentally always 
when I was a woman. We've managed to escape her, but I never thought she'd 
track me this far." Ranma seemed to calm down as he finished the story.

    "Okay. She's only going to stay the night, as long as I stay away from 
cold water for that time, it should be okay." Ranma smiled, but his good mood 
was shattered as blood curdling screech came from the house. It sounded very 
familiar.

"Ucchan!"

*************

"What you doing here, Spatula-Girl!?" Shampoo stood in the Masaki family 
kitchen, a mace pulled from somewhere on her body. Ukyo stood on the other 
side, her battle spatula out.

"It's that hussy from China!" Ukyo said. Sasami stood at the sink, washing 
the dishes from lunch. 

"Shampoo no hussy, Spatula girl! You here, then Ranma here to!"

"You just don't know when to give up, do you?"

"Shampoo not give up until her honor restored!"

"I won't let you hurt my Ranchan!" Both girls got killing looks on their 
faces as Ranma and Tenchi hurtled through the door.

"Oh no." Ranma said, under his breath. Tenchi had his sword out but did not 
activate it.

"You tell Shampoo where Ranma is, Spatula girl!" Ranma regained his wits and 
jumped between them.

"Ranma isn't here." He said. "Right Ukyo?"

"Huh?" He looked back at her.

"Ranma, that red haired girl, isn't here. Right?"

"Oh right." Ukyo said, suddenly getting the picture.

"You sure?" Shampoo asked, in a suspicious manner.

"Like I said, Ranma is still on her training journey."

"Then why Spatula girl still here?" Ranma was about to speak when Ukyo 
interrupted him.

"I got tired of the journey, and went home. We all live here."

"Shampoo has asked to spend the night here, before she continues her search." 
Ranma said. Ukyo looked less than thrilled at that idea. "Could you show her 
up to the spare bedroom, Sasami?"

"Oh sure." Sasami took the Amazon's hand and lead her to the stairs. As they 
went upstairs, Ukyo turned to her fiancee.

"Well?"

"She showed up down in the carrot fields. Tenchi brought her up to me. Don't 
worry. She thinks I'm a girl. As long as I stay away from cold water until 
tomorrow, we'll be just fine. She'll be gone and everything will be back to 
normal."

"....Okay. But what are we going to call you?"

"Nothing for the moment. I'll think of something." They continued to talk, 
unaware that behind the door, Ryoko disappeared, a devious smile on her face.

*************

"You can stay in this room, miss." Sasami said, opening the door for the 
Amazon. Shampoo looked around the sparsely decorated room, There was a futon 
in the corner, and the window looked out to the lake behind the house. 

"Hai. This do nicely."

"So your name's Shampoo?"

"Hai."

"Why do you want to...find Ranma?" Sasami had picked up on the conversation 
below, and had figured out that Ranma didn't want this girl to know he was 
the red-haired girl.

"Shampoo honor bound to find the red-haired girl. Find her...and kill her!!" 
Sasami's eyes rose in shock.

"Why would you want to kill her?"

"It law of Shampoo's village. Shampoo defeated in battle by female outsider, 
Shampoo must now track down outsider and kill her. It is law."

"It's a terrible law." Sasami said. Shampoo looked at her, shocked.

"Is law, and helps form basis for Amazon civilization."

"You shouldn't kill people just cause they beat you." Sasami said. Shampoo 
knew she should probably be insulted by the little girl's words, but there 
was something about this child. She merely chuckled a bit.

"You understand when you older." Sasami was not really satisfied with that 
answer. But just shook her head.

"Well, I have some work to do in the kitchen, can you set your stuff up all 
right?"

"Hai." Shampoo set her bags up, and unrolled the futon. Sasami left to go 
downstairs. As she did so Ryoko materialized in the air. Yes, there was great 
potential for fun here.

*************

The entire family, minus, Nobuyuki, at work, Nodoka and Genma, visiting a 
family friend, and Katsuhito, sat at the table. Ranma was trying very hard to 
avoid cold water, especially with Shampoo sitting just a few feet away from 
him. Ryoko had some horrible sneaky looking smile on her face, which made 
some of the people at the table nervous. Ukyo had made the food tonight, and 
seemed much happier then at lunch. Seeing everyone enjoy the meal she had 
cooked seemed to do wonders for her. Ryoko sat next to Tenchi, and seemed to 
throw him a seductive look every couple of minutes. Tenchi quivered in his 
seat each time she did so.

"This is very good food, Ukyo." Sasami said.

"Oh, thanks you." Ukyo said back, taking an odd amount of joy from Sasami 
saying that. Ryoko leaned over suddenly, putting her arm over Tenchi's 
shoulders, and her hand on his chest. It was time for her little trick to go 
into motion, she had a glass of water, in the place of her usual sake. She 
leaned up close to him, and spoke in a deep seductive voice.

"So Tenchi, how was school?"

"Ryoko, get off, will you!"

"Come on Tenchi, don't be so shy." Ryoko starts to snuggle up to him closer, 
and blood rises to Tenchi's cheeks.

"Miss Ryoko! Lord Tenchi does not need some worthless pirate hanging on him!" 
Ryoko smiled inwardly, it was all going according to plan. 

"What's the matter, princess, We're just doing what lovers are supposed to 
do."

"Ryoko!" Tenchi said. Small logs suddenly started to appear in the air, and a 
shield of energy started to materialize. Red energy started to flash around 
Ryoko's hands. Then it exploded. There was a huge flash of energy around the 
room then, as bolts of lightning slammed out of the area where the two women 
fought. Ryoko suddenly slammed her hands downward, as a bolt of energy hit 
the table. All of the food and plates went into the air. Ryoko saw her glass 
of water go into the air, she pulled a part of he rmind away from the fight, 
and telekinetically caught the glass sending it, curving so it looked 
natural, at Ranma. It hit him head on, Ranma was so distracted by the fight 
he didn't even feel his body change. Ryoko grinned deviously, as the fight 
finally came to it's final moments, with a large flash that scattered 
everyone at the table.

"Aauuugghhh!" Ukyo looked over the ruined remains of the meal she had cooked, 
with a screech.

"Ryoko! Look what you've done!?" Ranma said, still unaware of the change in 
her voice.

"Hey, Ayeka did a lot of it to! Didn't she Tenchi?" Ryoko turned to the still 
in shock, Tenchi. "Didn't she, Sham...." Ryoko cut herself off as she saw the 
look on Shampoo's face, and the axe that was suddenly in her hands. 

"Hey, what's the matter?" Ranma looked over at her, and suddenly realized 
that he was once again a woman. Ranma's eyes rose in shock.

"RED HAIRED GIRL! YOU DIE!!" Shampoo leapt forward, axe up, ready to strike. 
Ranma jumped backwards, missing the lethal axe-swipe. Shampoo roared in rage, 
and rammed her. Ranma was hit head on by the charging Amazon, knocked back 
against, and through the wall. Ranma found himself in the front of the house. 
Shampoo charged through the hole in the wall, swinging her lethal weapon 
several times.

"Shampoo no hold back, this time! You die!!!"

"Look lady. I don't want to fight you, okay!?"

"Then you die!!!" The Amazon continued to swing her weapon around in its 
deceptively haphazard way. Ranma leapt around the area gracefully, hoping 
against hope that this woman would give up. He remembered what Amazons where 
like, and he began to doubt it. Wherever he jumped to, Shampoo was already 
there, swinging to kill. Finally she caught up with him, with the axe's 
handle hitting him on the forehead. Ranam was knocked to the ground, again 
cursing the fact that it was dishonorable to hit women. Shampoo raised the 
axe, and prepared to split his skull. All of a sudden, she was flying back 
across the area as a large spatula hit her on the head.

"I ain't gonna let you kill him, Shampoo! No matter what your so-called honor 
insists." Ukyo said, her large battle spatula ready. Axe and spatula met in 
the air as both women attacked. Ukyo grimaced at the raw force Shampoo was 
putting against her. In terms of pure strength, she couldn't win. Shampoo 
started pushing the young oknomiyaki chef backwards.

"You cannot beat Shampoo, Spatula girl! You have no say in this! Leave now, 
or Shampoo have to kill you to!"

"I love that man, girl! I won't let you kill him!"

"You insane if you not see proof in front of your eyes! That girl!!"

"Aauughh!" Ukyo cartwheeled backwards, and jumped into the air, their was a 
blur of her arm as several spatula darts slammed towards the Amazon. She 
deflected them easily, and ran at Ukyo again. Ukyo blocked each of her shots, 
while sending her own back at Shampoo. Ukyo ducked and took her opponent's 
feet out. Shampoo cartwheeled off the ground to land on her feet, a few feet 
away from her. She put her axe back in her suit, and pulled a metal staff 
with a medium sized metal ball on the end. She flung it, and caught Ukyo 
across the side of her head, knocking her out.

"Hold it!" Shampoo turned around to see Tenchi standing in the newly made 
hole in the house. Tenchi-ken ignited in front of him. Shampoo realized the 
fight wasn't over yet. She took something from out of her suit, a bonborri. 

'Where does she keep this stuff?' Tenchi thought to himself.

She charged Tenchi then. Tenchi stood firm and caught her blow, cutting 
through the bonborri. Shampoo quickly pulled her axe out. Tenchi turned, and 
dodged her slice. Shampoo turned at lightning speed, and slammed the 
flat-side of the axe into Tenchi's head. He fell to the ground. Tenchi closed 
his eyes as the Amazon charged once again. Then something unexpected 
happened. As Shampoo came within two feet of him, there was a brilliant flash 
of white light. The light poured out of Tenchi's body, slamming into the 
Amazon. Shampoo screamed in pain, and fell to the ground.

"Huh?" Tenchi looked up and saw Ranma had crawled over to Ukyo and was 
checking her. Tenchi saw Shampoo unconscious in front of him.

"What...what happened?"

TO BE CONTINUED

NEXT CHAPTER: THE RETURN OF KUNO, AND THE BLACK ROSE. 