VISIONARIES
By: Matt Taylor

Disclaimer: All Ranma 1/2 characters are the property of Rumiko Takahashi. 
All Tenchi Muyo characters are the property of AIC/Pioneer. I receive no 
money from this and am doing it for my own amusement.

Notes: This is an alternate reality story, crossing over Ranma 1/2 and Tenchu 
Muyo. A lot of things are different, and some things are the same. Keep an 
eye out for them. Enjoy.

*************

CHAPTER 1

"What's with you pop?" A young red haired girl asked the large panda that was 
walking next to her through the streets of Yokohama. The girl was dressed in 
a red chinese shirt, and black pants and sandals. The panda grunted slightly, 
and held up a wooden sign.

"I'm so dead." The girl read from the sign. "Oh come on pop. I doubt 
grandpa's gonna be that upset about this whole curse thing." The panda 
brought out another sign.

"It's not your grandfather I'm worried about." It said. "Well, then what?"

"I'll explain later." The latest sign said.

"Are we almost there, guys?" Came a voice from behind them.

"We should get there in about two hours, Ucchan." The red head said, moving 
aside to reveal a beautiful, if slightly androgynous, brunette standing 
behind them. The girl was dressed in an western style casual outfit, T-shirt, 
and jean shorts, and a bandolier, that carried what looked like several 
small, and one very large spatula.

"I can hardly wait to meet your family, Ranchan." She said. "All I know about 
them is what you two tell me."

"There pretty good people Ukyo, I really want to introduce you to Tenchi. 
Plus, I wonder what gramps will think of all I've learned?"

"You still have much to learn, Ranma." The panda's sign said.

"Oh right, rain on my parade, pops."

"You know how much his grandfather's opinion means to Ranma, Genma." Ukyo 
said, in a reprimanding manner.

"Yes, but there are few people who push harder than him. He'll find a fault, 
believe, me, he'll find a fault." The Panda's sign said, Ranma wondered for a 
moment how his father could have fit so many words on that small sign. But 
turned his attention away, as he saw they where reaching the end of town. 
Ranma looked out and saw the mountains rising in the distance.

"It's gonna be nice to get home."

*************

"So Ranma's finally coming back, huh?"

"Yes Tenchi, he, and Genma should be here in a few hours." Nobuyuki said, 
holding up a postcard with the words "greetings from China on it."

"I'm so looking forward to seeing my husband again." A woman said. "I wonder 
what father thinks about all this?"

"You know grandpa, even when they do get back, he won't show any surprise."

"Your grandfather does show emotion Tenchi, you just need to look in the 
right places."

"And you know those places, Aunt Nodoka?" The young man named Tenchi asked.

"It comes from living near him for so long, someday you'll be able to see it 
to. It will be so good to see Ranma again."

"And see if he's become a "man among men," Nodoka?" Nobuyuki asked with a 
chuckle.

"Is it a crime to want a successful son? It has always been my dream that 
Ranma would become a great martial arts master." She said with a cheerful 
look. "I can hardly wait to see how much he's improved!"

"He's going to have a much harder judge though, then you." Said Tenchi. 
Nodoka's gaze went out the window to the shrine in the mountain above them.

"Yes."

*************

"Home sweet home." Said Ranma as she walked up to a huge opening in the 
forest, revealing a large two-story house. Behind the house, you could see a 
large deck, itself propelled over a large beautiful lake a bit off, on a 
mountain top, you could see a shinto shrine, with a large carrot patch below 
it in the valley.

"Wow! Nicest place I've ever seen." Said Ukyo. "How much does your family 
have, Ranma?"

"The Masaki's are very well off. They come from a long line of Samurai 
warriors." Said Genma/panda's sign.

"Whoah." Ukyo looked out towards the lake, looking forward to buying a 
swim-suit soon. She looked over at the young red-head, and saw she was 
looking up into the mountains at the Shinto shrine. "Ranma?"

"Yeah Ucchan?"

"You okay?"

"Yeah, just thinking of some plans."

"Plans?"

"Plans. Fighting strategies, moves, you know."

"Oh. Well come on! Let's introduce ourselves!" Genma suddenly got a panicked 
look on his face, well...as much panic as a Panda face could show.

"Perhaps we should find some hot water first?" The sign said.

"Oh come on Pops, they'll have some inside."

"B....But...." For a second, Ranma wondered why his father would write that 
down, but pushed it aside, as he walked up to the door. Ranma calmed herself 
and knocked on the door. They waited for a few seconds, until someone opened 
the door. Standing on the other side, was a middle aged man, with a thin 
mustache, and glasses.

"Uncle Nobuyuki!" Said Ranma.

"Uh...Do I know you?"

"Actually, yes." Ranma stepped through the door "I'm Ranma Saotome."

"Uh....You are?' Nobuyuki asked.

"Yep. This is Ukyo Kuonji, and this is pops."

"Hi.

"Rrruummpphh." Nobuyuki looked confused as his gaze went around to both of 
them. Nodoka and Tenchi had gone to their rooms to clean up a bit, what would 
they think if they came back and saw him talking with a giant panda, and two 
teenage girls?

"Ranma?"

"Yes?"

"There's something different about you."

"Oh, yeah. Well, I can explain that. Do you mind if I get a bath first?"

"Uh, sure." Nobuyuki said absent-mindedly. Ranma ran upstairs, leaving her 
uncle with Ukyo and the panda.

"Mr. Masaki?"

"Uh yes....."

"Ukyo. You're probably wondering about this." She said, as she motioned to 
the panda. "Well, could you possible heat up some water?"

"Um...okay." Nobuyuki took a tea-pot and filled it with water, and then sat 
it on the stove. As he did so, the door opened, and Tenchi, and Nodoka walked 
in. Tenchi stopped in mild shock, as he saw the panda, then saw it take out a 
sign that said "Greetings Tenchi, nice to see you again."

"Oh, you must be Tenchi." Ukyo said, as she walked up and shook the young 
man's hand. "Ranchan told me all about you."

"Ranchan?"

"Ranma Saotome...Your cousin?"

"You're a friend of Ranma? Nice to meet you." Nodoka said, as she shook the 
young girl's hand.

"Oh, Your Nodoka, I remember you from Ranma's pictures."

"Is this your pet?" Nodoka asked, pointing to the Panda. Genma/panda looked 
appropriately miffed, but put it aside as he heard a whistle blow. Nobuyuki 
took the tea-pot from the stove, and walked over to Ukyo.

"Oh it's ready." Said Ukyo, who took the tea-pot from Nobuyuki's hands. "Now 
everyone, brace yourselves."

*************

"Aahh." A now male Ranma settled down into the tub, letting the hot water 
soothe the muscles aching from the long walk from Tokyo to Yokohama. Ranma 
wondered to himself how he was going to tell the family about his curse. 
Tenchi would get used to it eventually, he hoped, he shuddered when he 
thought about uncle Nobuyuki would do. He started to imagine his uncle's 
video camera habit, added himself in female form, and shuddered again. It was 
Grandpa Katsuhito and Nodoka he worried about.

'Don't think about that right now. Just relax. You deserve it.' Ranma thought 
to himself. Ranma let the thoughts about his curse drift away. For at least a 
few minutes, everything felt good. His peace was shattered though, as a 
scream slammed upwards from downstairs. An image of his father entered his 
mind.

"Oh no." Ranma lept from the tub, grabbed a towel and dried, off, hurriedly 
got his clothes on, and went downstairs.

*************

"AAAUUGHHH!" Came Nodoka's scream. Tenchi backed against the counter, his 
hand against his chest, as if he was having a heart attack. Nobuyuki merely 
raised his eyes in shock, and his body went into shock.

"I said to brace yourself."

"Nodoka, it is wonderful to see you again." Said the now human Genma as he 
ran up and hugged his wife. After a moment of shock, Nodoka gradually 
returned it. 

"What happened!?" Came a male voice, as Ranma rammed through the door.

"Ranma?" Asked Tenchi, slowly going out of his heart attack pose.

"Ranma?" Asked Nobuyuki.

"Ranma?" Asked Nodoka.

"Uh...hi. We have a few things to explain."

*************

    Everyone had gathered in the living room, with Genma, Ranma and Ukyo 
standing in front of Tenchi, Nodoka, and Nobuyuki, all three still in a state 
of shock.

"Okay, we might as well get to the gist of it. Me and Dad are cursed." Nodoka 
looked like she was about to feint. Tenchi put an arm around her to help 
support her.

"It happened a few months ago in China. Dad took me and Ukyo to look for a 
ancient training ground called Jusenkyo...."

*************

"Are you sure about this pops?" Ranma asked. He and his father were hiking up 
a mountaintop. Genma was panting slightly, but Ranma still seemed full on 
energy.

"Yes. Only the best can train at the Jusenkyo pools."

"Is it true no one's been there in decades?"

"Yes, some silly idea about a curse. But it is no matter. It is the perfect 
place to advance your training."

"I still wish Ucchan had come."

"I sometimes wonder why I let her come with us on your training jurney, 
anyway."

"I thought it was because me and her are...."

"I know, Ranma, I know. We should be there soon."  They continued walking 
upwards until they reached the top of the mountain. Below them, on the other 
side was a valley, dotted with hundreds of pools. At the entrance was a small 
home. Both of them ran downward fast as they could. Both of them stopped at 
the small house, and a man stepped out.

"<Ah, are you here to train at the pools?>" He asked.

"Uh....what did he say?" Genma asked. Ranma sighed.

"I'm sorry, but we don't speak chinese." Ranma said.

"Ah, you are Japanese, my apologies." The man said in Japanese. "I am the 
Jusenkyo guide. I take it you wish to train here?"

"Yes." Said Genma.

"I would not advise it. This is very tragic place. Every pool is cursed, 
whoever should fall in will turn into what drowned there."

"Hhmm, Thank you, but we'll be careful." Genma said, obviously not believing 
it.

*************

"Now, remember to keep your balance, Ranma." Genma said, from his place on 
the top of one of the poles. Below them was the deceptively peaceful waters 
of one of the hundreds of pools. Ranma looked nervously down at the pool, 
before returning his gaze to his father.

"Now.....ATTACK!!!!" Genma leapt from his pole, aiming a flying kick at his 
son's head. Ranma somersaulted and landed gracefully with one foot on another 
pole. 

"My turn pops!" Ranma leapt into the air, leaping over his father, and 
landing on a pole behind his. Ranma landed a chop into his back. For a second 
it looked like the man would fall, but Genma's balance remained true, and he 
twirled, landing a spinning kick in is son's side. Ranma went with the blow, 
and landed on another pole.

"Not bad pops!" The fight went on like this for several minutes, with neither 
of them managing to knock the other into the pool.

"You can't keep up forever, Pops."

"My time isn't up yet, young man. I've trained under one of the greatest 
fighters in the world. My stamina can't be questioned."

"We'll see about that." Ranma leapt from another pole, landing a kick right 
in his father's chest. Genma's arms flailed around wildly, before he fell 
from the pole, and, with a splash, fell into the water. "Hah! Got you Pops!"

Ranma savored his victory for a moment, eventually he started to wonder where 
his father was. He'd been in that pool for awhile now. Ranma got off the 
pole, and walked over to the edge of the pool. He looked into the water for a 
few minutes, until something very large, and very furry slammed out of the 
water. A giant Panda. Ranma's defenses went down as shock came over him. The 
Panda's paw slammed into him, and he went flying, right into another one of 
the pools. The panda grunted triumphantly, as a young, red-haired, soaking 
wet girl crawled out of the pool. Ranma came to a standing position. 

"W....What happened!!??"

"Ah, you did not listen to my warning, I see." They both turned to see the 
Jusenkyo guide behind them. "Hhmm. Spring of drowned girl, tragic story of 
girl who drown there. Spring of drowned panda, very tragic story of panda who 
drown there many years ago."

"I...is there any way to reverse it!?" Ranma yelled at the guide.

"Hhmm. According to legend, cold water activate the curse, and hot water 
reverse it." Ranma turned, his eyes deadly, towards the panda that was his 
father.

"YOU!!! THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT!!" Ranma hooked his fingers into claws and 
rammed at his father, who freaked and ran for the hills.

*************

"And that's the story. Eventually we made it back to our campsite, and heated 
up some water. We found out the guide was correct. Cold water activates the 
curse, hot water reverses it." Ranma sat down, exhausted by the tale he had 
just told. "Ucchan got a big laugh out of it, when we showed her."

"Did I ever!" Ukyo spoke up, a grin plastered across her face.

"Jeez! It must be difficult." Said Tenchi.

"It is kind of difficult finding hot water sometimes." Ranma said. "But we 
have been able to take it pretty well. We have had a few...difficulties 
getting out of China, which our curses came in handy helping. Does that 
answer all your questions?"

"Very much." They all turned to see the owner of the gruff voice who 
answered. Standing in the doorway was an elderly man, dressed in a white, 
loose karate gi.

"Master Katsuhito!" Genma said, getting down on one knee.

"Hey Grandpa, long time." Said Ranma.

"It has." Katsuhito said as he calmly walked in to the room. "It seems Ranma 
that you have returned from China with more than just added skill. 
Nonetheless, it is good to see you again. You have grown-up quite well."

"Thanks Grandpa." Ranma said, his face beaming. It was already difficult 
enough to get compliments out of his grandfather.

"And you must be the Ukyo they spoke off?" Katsuhito said, moving over to the 
young girl.

"Yes sir. Ranchan's told me so much about you." Ukyo said, smiling and bowing.

"Well we have plenty of room here." Said Nobuyuki. "By the way, how did you 
come to be traveling with Ranma and Genma, anyway?"

"Oh, It's not important right now." Ukyo said, moving up to put her arm under 
Ranma's. Ranma seemed to blush slightly, and Tenchi looked at them 
questioningly. 

"Well Ranma, we kept your room in good shape, and we can find a place for 
Miss Kuonji. Don't you think so, Aunt Nodoka?" Tenchi turned to his aunt, and 
she was still in her shocked expression. She stood up then.

"Genma, I need to speak to you in private." She said calmly, and walked into 
the kitchen. Genma began to sweat as he stood up from his seat, and followed 
his wife into the kitchen. He turned for a moment, and Nobuyuki gave him a 
thumbs-up. Genma sighed and closed the door behind him. Ranma pulled back his 
sleeve some to reveal a watch.

"Let's see. 5...4...3...2...1." With that an incredibly loud yell came out of 
the kitchen.

"GENMA! HOW DARE YOU ALLOW THIS TO HAPPEN TO MY SON!!!??" This was followed 
by a barrage of questions about how he could do something so stupid, and what 
he was thinking, followed by a quiet, almost whimpering response from Genma. 
Tenchi winced slightly, as the argument continued. Katsuhito sighed.

"She never was very good at this kind of thing."

"Shouldn't you do something about it, dad?" Asked Nobuyuki.

"No, better she get it out of her system now."

"Yeah." Ranma's face looked slightly downtrodden though.

"Do not worry Ranma. She will accept the situation given some time. Have you 
tried looking for a cure?"

"Yes, ever since we got it, our training journey has been more about finding 
a cure, that training. We stopped by a village in China that was supposed to 
have a lot of mystics in it, but they were no help."

"And in all honesty, we don't want to talk about that village right now." 
Ukyo said, with an slightly upset expression.

"Of course. Ranma, now that you have returned, I wish to see just how much 
you have improves, meet me in the shrine in half an hour." Katsuhito said, as 
he went through a door that led to the deck outside. Ranma winced slightly, 
as his mother's shrieking doubled in volume. 

"Come on Ucchan, let's see if we can find you a room. You coming Tenchi?"

"Sure." Tenchi followed them out of the room.

*************

"How about this room, Miss Kuonji?" Tenchi asked. Ukyo stepped in front of 
him to look at the room. It was at least as big as Ranma's, plus it was next 
door to his. Ukyo smiled, and took of her bandolier, and laid her back-pack 
down.

"This should do nicely."

"I'm glad you like it. So tell Miss Kuonji..."

"Please, just call me Ukyo."

"Okay Ukyo. How did you come to be traveling with Ranma and Uncle Genma?"

"Oh, I've been traveling with them since the start. I was six when I first 
came along. Back when me and Ranma where first engaged." If Tenchi was 
drinking anything at the time, he would have spit it out.

"Engaged!?"

"Well, I am his Fiancee, Genma made the arrangement with my father back then. 
We were engaged then."

"Wow!"

"Yeah. Hey! Where's Ranchan go?" Tenchi looked around, and saw his cousin was 
no longer with them.

"Hhmm. He must have gone up to the shrine, already."

*************

"Huf...huf...huf..." Ranma panted as he ran up towards the shrine. "Man, I 
forgot how long it took to get up here." Ranma continued to run up the long 
steps. He finally hit the top. Standing at the door to the shrine was 
Katsuhito.

"Hhmm, you're two minutes late Ranma." He said in a neutral voice.

"Sorry, I was helping Ucchan find a room."

"You're girlfriend seems like a nice girl." The priest said, drawing his 
bokken.

"She's not my girlfriend. Thanks to my dad, she's my fiancee." Katushito 
didn't even show a blink of surprise.

"Really?" He said, shifting into a fighting stance. Ranma responded the same, 
shifting into his own stance. Here it was. He had been waiting to test his 
skills against his grandfather ever since he started his journey. He felt 
nervousness rise in him, which he forced down. It wouldn't do good to appear 
nervous in front of him. Both seemed to stand there for what seemed like 
forever.

'Patient, have to be patient.' Ranma thought to himself. Finally Katsuhito 
moved. Seemingly a blur he slammed towards Ranma and brought his bokken down 
over his head. Ranma dodged the blow, but his grandfather was already after 
him. His bokken seemed to strike like lightning as it was jabbed forward in a 
constant fluid motion. Ranma felt a small bit of pride at blocking every jab. 
He finally started to strike back, side-stepping the jabs, and moving behind 
his grand-father. He landed a kick at his mid-section, but it did not phase 
the old man. Ranma leapt into the air, and launched a flying kick at him. The 
old man just stood there, watching the kick flying at him. Just before he 
would have hit him, Katsuhito moved his head to the side, and Ranm's went 
sprawling off behind him. He hit the ground hard, but was back on his feet 
and charging instantly. Ranma suddenly started to throw punches at him, in 
much the same manner that Katsuhito had been using his sword jabs. The 
punches went at him with lightning speed, appearing as blurs, but each was 
still blocked by the bokken. Katsuhito suddenly ducked and tried to sweep out 
his young grandson's legs, Ranma jumped, and tried to send a kick into the 
old man's head. Katsuhito blocked, and threw him to the side.

"You've improved greatly Ranma, but you're still to slow. Especially if an 
old man like me can beat you."

"I'm (pant) not (pant) finished yet!" Ranma was back on his feet, then, and a 
light field appeared around his body. "FIERCE TIGER DOMINEERING BLAST!" A 
ball of chi slammed at the old man, who, like during the flying kick, just 
stood there watching it. All of a sudden there was a large flash of light. As 
the light faded back to its normal intensity, Ranma looked up, and saw his 
grandfather standing to the side of the area where the chi blast had been. 
Behind him, Ranma could see several piles of ash that used to be trees. Ranma 
suddenly saw nothing but stars, as the flat side of his grandfather's bokken 
struck him in the head. Ranma fell into a pile, below the old man.

"You've gotten very good. But you still have much room for improvement." 
Katsuhito said. With that he turned around and returned to the shrine. Ranma 
sat up, and caught his breath.

"Someday...someday I'll beat you." Ranma got up, and headed back towards the 
house.

*************

"Aunt Nodoka?" Nodoka looked up from her seat at the edge of the deck. 

"Oh hello Tenchi."

"Are you all right?"

"I...have been better." She said, as her nephew sat down next to her. 

"This is about what happened to Ranma?"

"Yes. I sent Genma away, hoping he would make my son a true man, but he comes 
back, half woman." Tenchi forces down the chuckle that rose in his throat.

"There really wasn't much they could do, Aunt Nodoka."

"Yes there was. Genma could have listened to that guide, instead of trudging 
on like a fool."

"Aunt Nodoka...." Tenchi said in a nervous voice.

"Yes Tenchi." Nodoka had lived with Tenchi, Nobuyuki, and her father ever 
since Achika died, she knew when something was wrong.

"You aren't gonna make them...." Tenchi trailed off.

"Oh yes. That promise I made Genma take. Seppuku." Nodoka trailed off for a 
moment. "No I won't. I really made that just to keep Genma in line. Who knows 
what he might have done had I not made him make that promise. No. I do not 
want to see my husband and son killed." Tenchi let out a sigh of relief.

"I'm sure we'll get used to it, eventually."

"I suppose. Judging from the sounds coming from the shrine, it seems that his 
skill has improved greatly." Nodoka turned to look up at the shrine. Tenchi 
watched the look that was on his aunt's face.

"Are you going to be okay, Aunt Nodoka?"

"Yes Tenchi. I just need a little time to get used to it all. Why don't you 
head inside?"

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, I just need some time to think."

"Okay." Tenchi got up and walked back towards the house. He looked back at 
his aunt for a moment, and hoped things would get better. Nodoka looked out 
at the setting sun, and tried to silence her thoughts for at least a bit. 

'My son is now half woman. I...suppose it could be worse. He could be dead. 
Especially if his training was truly as tough as Genma said it was.....Why 
does my life suddenly have to become complicated?'

TO BE CONTINUED.

NEXT CHAPTER: AWAKENING A DEMONESS. 