Author's Notes: Hey anyone reading this fic should read the prolouge it
introduces
a new character, but noreal action so far. And Tenchi Muyo series is owned
by an
evil corporation sent out to make us all poor and I don't own it. Im just
taking their
characters and perverting them to suit my own evil needs and desires. Men in
Black
is also not owned by me but another evil corporation because all
corporations are evil.
I'm sure who owns these series or sailor moon are all evil. Don't sue me
unless you
are planning on waiting a long time because like most fan fic writers I am
poor. If you
want to use the characters that I do own like Khaine Visigothy or Haven
Ironhead go
right ahead because I wont care.(In fact I'll be very flattered and tell
everyone to
read your fic.)

Chapter 1

Khaine Visigothy
That was his name. Once he was just like the other sentient creatures that
infested this planet. Weak minded and had no clue what was out in space. Now
he
lived in the heavens and controlled more power than any of the earth's
rulers. He
stared out the huge window in the bridge of the ship staring at the planet
he once
called home. He ran a calloused hand through his spiked bleached blonde
hair.
He stopped to gaze at his reflection showing a man with black sunglasses,
scarred face and huge build. He was of medium height, but most felt as if he
towered
over them when ever he even gazed in their direction. He turned around to
see the
bridge was almost bare except for his second in command a few people
piloting the
ship. He stared at his second and she waited for him to speak. After a few
seconds
she shifted uneasily. Hiding his smile Khaine brought his hand up to his
sword before
he spoke. "Dark Flame, do you remember our old home?"
She seemed to let out a sigh of relief. Smiling a little with her black
lipsticked mouth she turned her head and brought her raven black hair over
her right
shoulder to look upon the moon of the place she once called home. "Too many
bad
memories from this place sir." she answered. "I bet my brother would like to
be here
now."
Khaine held back his emotions when she mentioned her brother and shook
them off quickly. She always got to him when she mentioned him but would
never get
mad at her for it. "In a way it's a good thing he's not here or he would
have told us
to stop what we're planninng to do." He turned and headed for his ready room
at the
side of the he bridge and stopped as the door opened and glanced over his
shoulder.
"Begin phase one of the invasion and tell the scout teams to be careful.
Earth itself is
deadly let alone the MIB." After he said this he walked into his ready room
and sat
behind his desk. He pulled out a picture of three people. One looked like
him but less
menacing and younger. Next to him was a young man with short black hair,
hazel eyes
and small in stature. The young man's eyes showed what seemed to be wisdom.
The
third was of a taller person with short brown hair cut all the way down to
his scalp and
his lower lip stuck out a little. Dog tags hung down off his neck and rested
against a
green shirt.
Khaine staired at the picture for a few moments longer then took it out of
the wooden frame revealing a picture of Dark Flame. He let a smile creep
upon his
lips as he staired at the picture. The smile faded away as he put the old
one back in
the frame and stuck it the droor. He turned his attention to a computer
screen and
began his plans for phase two. Thinking to himself. "Where did you go after
that
explosion, and if your dead where is your body."

____________________

It was a sunny day at the Masaki home. Everyone seemed cheerful and
were sitting around the living room entertaining a new guest. Haven was
finishing
his tale of his trip to japan on the plane."......... and then MIB agent
showed up and
erased their minds and took me here."
"Why did he erased their minds?" Sasami asked.
"They were afraid they might have guessed I wasn't like them I guess."
Haven answered. Through out the whole story everyone of them had listened
intently.
Sasami aske questions once in a while interupting him in the middle like
when he told
them about summoning the nature spirit. When he told them he was a shaman
this had
made tenchi a little uneasy.
"I hope he isn't as hot tempered as Ryoko is." Tenchi muttered to himself.
"So Haven. I didn't know Ryoko had any siblings." Tenchi said a little bit
nervously.
"Well actually we aren't related I just call Aunt Washu, Aunt Washu."
He stated matter of factly. "She used to contact my foster parent through a
secret
subspace channel when she was stuck on Kagato's ship. We used to talk to
each
other all the time when I was younger but later on she got cut off somehow."
"Wow, but why do you call her Aunt Washu." Tenchi asked.
"She told me to." He said with huge smile. " So I told her to call me her
nephew. Where is Aunt Washu any how?"
"She said something important came up and she needed to work longer in
the lab." Sasami chimed in. "She said we should be ready for some trouble."
Haven sat at the couch in front of the with a worried look. It must be
important if she wasn't even up here to at least say hello. He thought.
Shaking it
away he looked around the room. Not with his physical eyes but with his
astral ones.
He examined everyone closely and worriment and uneasiness in Tenchi. Ayeka
and
Ryoko seemed to be looking over at Tenchi with a longing to be next to him.
They
like him equally. He thought. He even noticed some strange link between
Ryoko and
Tenchi but couldn't make heads or tails of what it was for. Mihoshi seemed
to be
somewhere else thinking some happy thought in her head. Sasami's aura though
was
the strangest by far of the whole group. It seemed to hold godlike wisdom
but strange
enough Haven could tell she had only be nine years old.
Yosho seemed to become uneasy when Haven astrally looked over at him.
"Haven, is there anything the matter?" Haven's head came back up and smiled
played across his lips.
"No nothing at all really just thinking." Haven answered. He can see
people's auras too. He thought to himself. He astrally glanced back at
Tenchi seeing
his impressive power. Washu had told him what happened on Kagato's ship on
the
phone when he called and wasn't surprised at what he saw. Tenchi's and
Yosho's
power seemed as powerful as his, but less tame. Like a fire out of control.
"Well I have get dinner ready." Sasami said cheerfully. "It should be
ready in a hour." She skipped off to kitchen and seconds later the sounds of
pots and
pans could be heard as she got dinner ready.
"That should give us enough time for more of your lessons, Tenchi."
Yosho said.
"K, grandpa I'll go get my kendo stick." Tenchi said.
When he reached the foot of the stairs Yosho added. "Why don't you get
your Tenchikan and Haven here could be your sparring partner for today."
"Okay." Haven and Tenchi said at the same time.
Minutes later all three were outside in the clearing where Tenchi and his
grandfather usually practiced but this time they decided to skip the
warmups. Haven
had his sword slung over his back in its scabbard. It had a gold hilt with
jewels in it.
The pommel( the bottom of the handle ) was a sphere of ruby red. He pulled
the sword
out and Tenchi was amazed at the size of the blade. The blade was almost as
long as
Tenchi was tall. The blade was broad and had silver patterns weaving in and
out of
each other from the hilt to the tip of the massive blade.
"You can use that?" Tenchi asked with a look surpise on his a face as his
eyes bugged out at its massiveness. " I probably couldn't even lift it let
alone use it."
Tenchi stared in amazement as Haven swished around with skill and ease.
"To most people its heavy, but I find it light and effective." He tossed it
in
the hair where it did a full flip and grabbe it at the hilt again. "It's
mostly  a weapon of
intimidation but my magic makes it unbreakable." Haven said as he got into a
ready
stance bringing the sword blade to point straight up at is right side with
his left foot
slightly in front of his right. "Ready?"
Tenchi nodded and immediately charged Haven with his tenchikan's blue
blade over his head ready for a downward stroke. Tenchi brought the blade
down and
Haven side stepped the blow and blocked Tenchi's next swing. They parried
and
thrusted for a few minutes until Tenchi had the tip of his blade nearly
touching
Haven's throat. " At least there's someone I can beat..." Tenchi was cut
short when
Haven took advantage, and neatly stripped Tenchi of his hilt with the tip of
his sword
and caught it with his free hand.
"You were saying?" Yosho asked. Tenchi looked at his hand in puzzlement
and then looked at his hilt which now rested in Haven's left hand.
"Someone once told me that whenever someone is gloating they are
usually offguard." Haven said with a smile still playing across his lips
since before
the contest had started.
"He seemed to know what he was talking about." Yosho stated. "I hope
you will remember that, Tenchi?" Tenchi nodded as Haven handed him his hilt
back.

________________________

Stalke climbed into the pilot chair of the small craft and glanced back at
the rest of her team. The small man was seated behind her to her left. He
looked like
a man with goats head and he had battle scars across his body. He looked
skinny and
weak but his eyes showed countless battles and horrors of many deaths,
probably at
his hands. His red eyes stared straight ahead as his blue pupils dilated.
A much larger and stronger version of himself sat next to him with dark
rage transfixed on his face. These creatures were her scout team, but to her
they
seemed more like they should be with the main battle force. As the triangle
shaped
craft left the dock of the main ship she played with her short red hair a
little while
punching in directions on the auto-pilot console.
"Say, you guys ever done a scouting mision before?" She aked them as
her left metal hand played across the console. She glanced back at them with
her
steele blue eyes as they mantained their silence and ignored her. Giving up
on trying
to striking up any conversation she sighed and went back to what she was
doing in
silence. Where did Khaine get these guys anyway. She thought to herself as
she
leaned back and watched the earth come closer.
Half an hour later they landed in the woods not far from the steps of the
shrine. Stalke climbed out stealthfully but her efforts were all in vain as
she heard her
comerades noisely get out of the craft snapping every twig in there path.
"You guys
know what stealth is, right!" She hissed at them.
"Whatever." the big one said not even trying to keep quiet as his voice
echoed through the trees. "We don't even want to be here anyway."
Tenchi was at the top of the steps stairing at his hilt contemplating how he
was shown up by a little kid. How could he get this out of my hands so
easily.  He
thought to himself. His train of thought was interrupted when he thought he
heard
voices. Before he could investigate though he was stopped when Ryoko had
snuck
up on him and grabbed him around his neck. "Hello, Tenchi my love." Ryoko
purred
romantically.
Ignoring her affection he asked seriously. "Ryoko, did you hear
something?"
"No, whyyyy......?" Ryoko stopped as she answered when a noise made
her look down the steps from the shrine, Soon three figures were seen wlking
up
them. The two in front looked ecxatly the same except one was much larger
and had
less scars. He looked to be twice as big as Tenchi while th other could only
have been
slightly taller than Sasami. They looked like something out of an ancient
myth with
their goat like heads.
The third one was a human looking female with dark red hair. She wore
what looked like a leather bikini. On her left arm she sported a metal hand
and
seemed be embarassed as her companions grinned up at them and pulled out
weapons. She sighed little bit and took out a small sword with a cage like
hilt. Her
smaller companion pulled out a sword that when turned on mantained a laser
edge.
The larger one pulled out a similar weapon, but it was crafted into a large
battle axe.
"I can't believe we're doing this." Stalke muttered to herself. Tenchi and
Ryoko stood up back away from them as they approached the top of the stairs.
The
blue blade of the tenchikan shot out when they reached the top. Ryoko
readied her
red laser blade. The grew nervous as the two in front still approached them
smiling
evil grins looking as if they were contemplating on how to kill them.
Ryoko boldly charged with Tenchi right next to her. Their blades met
those of the two soldiers but with astonishing strength they forced Tenchi
and Ryoko
back making them fly into the shrine behind them. Tenchi was knock out cold
and
Ryoko was still recovering from the shock of the blow.
Stalke watched in fascination as two goatmen approached their now
defenseless pray. Not wanting to see what they were about to do she turned
her head
towards the steps and down them. "Uh, guys maybe before you do anything
about
them maybe we should do something about him."
Stalke stared in awe at the sight before her. Walking up the steps she saw
him. He was wearing his trademark green habit with gold trim.  In his right
hand he
was carrying a sword with jewl cresed gold hilt with a ruby red pommel. The
blade was
the largest she had ever seen and as he passed by a tree he would tap his
sword
against the trunk of a tree. It would make a dull thud with each strike as
he made his
way up the steps staring at them. Smiling.
"Hahaw. He don't look so dangerous." The big one blurted out. But Stalke
was ignoring him. Though she was seeing him for the first time she knew who
he was
and fear began to overcome her.
"What's the matter, you aint afraid of some snotnosed punk of a kid are
you?" The smaller said as smiled cruelly. Without realizing it she had
backed out
behind them.
What's Iron Head doing here? she wondered to herself frantically. Haven
made it to the top of the stairs and stood staring down the three of them.
Smiling.
He didn't even seem afraid of them. He had a tail that seemed longer than he
was tall.
It waved as stood there as if silently telling them they had no chance.
"Iron Head." She said in awe and fear. Her voice was hoarse as if she had
been screaming at the top of lungs for hours. The two goatmen glanced at her
with
puzzle looks starting to feel uneasy from him standing there smiling at them
as if they
were about to play some game.
The bigger goatman brought his axe up over his head and charged Haven.
Before his axe could hit the ground Haven moved in a blur of speed jumping
to the big
man's left and then planting his foot into the side of the goatman's leg
putting it into
an unnatural angle. Still standing the the big warriar let out a cry of pain
when
Haven's second blow was with the flat of his blade hitting his right hand
shattering
the bones in his wrist.
The large goatman fell over and moaned in pain. Coming out of a stupor
his smaller version charged but Haven merely sidestepped it and tripped him
with his
tail. When he tried to get back up Haven knocked him unconsious with the
flat of his
large blade.
Stalke hoping to take advantage of her unconsious comerade in arms
diversion she charged and tried to stab at Haven with her weapon in her left
hand
but before she knew what happened Haven sliced here metal limb off at the
base and
swiftly knocked her out with the flat of his hitting the back of her head.
When he turned around the goatmen had come to their senses and grabbed
the devices on their wrists. In flash of light their bodies turned to dust
and and were
taken away with the wind. A look a sadness came over Haven as he muttered to
himself. "I didn't want any of them die." He did his best to hold back his
tears.

_________________________

J and K walked into Zed's office and immediately K felt that something
was wrong. Zed was in his chair looking at the screen on the wall and
ignored them
for a few minutes before finally turning his head toward them he mtioned
them to
sit down. "Whats wrong Zed?" K asked with as much worry as he would allow
himself.
Zed stayed silent for a moment then spoke. "Look at the screen and tell
me what you see, because I don't believe it." J and K turned there attetion
to the
screen. The screen jumped out into a 3d reprensentation showing a couple
dozen
identical triangular ships entering the atmosphere but then they disappeared
as if
they were never there.
"They vanished...." J exclaimed with surprise as it began to replay itself
again. "A cloaking device?"
"What?" K asked with a look of perplexion.
"Don't you guys watch Star Trek?" The simply stared at him. "Oh, cmon.
You know, the device the klingons on the show use to make their ships
invisible."
Zed scratched his chin for a moment before answering. "You could be onto
something there, tiger." Zed said. "But what we do know is one of those
ships landed
near the Maskai residents."
"Let me guess, Tenchi and the girls took em on?" J asked.
"Nope." Zed replied. "Tenchi and the formerly wanted criminal Ryoko
were injured when they engaged the landing party. Tenchi is still unconsious
and
Ryoko is still licking her wounds so to speak."
"What Haven A.K.A Iron Head?" K asked.
"Oh come on K, you don't really think he could have gone up against
anyone stronger than Ryoko do you?" J said sarcastically.
Ignoring J entirely Zed answered K. " He neautrelized the situation. I
have agent Dog on the line let me bring him up." Zed pressed a button on his
desk
and the screen went flat again and a man with a shaved down brown hair a
long face
and a lower lip sticking out farther than the top showed up on the screen.
"Tell J
what happened Dog."
"Well sir, I got a call from the Masaki residents from a girl named Little
Washu. She said that her nephew Haven was able take one of the intruders
alive. As
far as I know she is still unconsious but should be recovering soon." After
he stated
his report he put a cigarette in his mouth an lit it.
"How many were there to begin with agent dog?" Surprisingly enough it
was J who asked.
He took a drag from his cigarette before answering. "There were three.
Two goat headed humanoid males and a humanoid female. Ummm, avoran I think."
He took another drag on his cigarette and before he said anything else his
eyes grew
wide like a light went on in his head. "Hey, maybe it was a scouting party?"
"What makes you come to that conclusion, Dog?" Zed asked.
"Well, Avorans are known for their stealth, it comes natural to them, you
know sneaking around you hear what I'm sayin? Well no. Pirates use them for
spies
all the time you get it?"
"Yes." Zed answered and before Dog could say anything more he broke
the connection. "He can go on forever once he knows he's on to something."

______________________

Khaine was stil working on his console when the doordell to his ready
beeped. "Come in, Dark Flame." Dark Flame entered with a Star Trek style
workpad in her right hand. "How is phase one coming along?" he asked looking
up
at her. Even before she said anything he knew that something had gone wrong.
"Everything is green." She then sighed and he allowed her to continue.
"But....... the tenth team that landed in Japan hasn't made their hourly
check in since
they arrived three hours ago."
"Could it be the Jurai Prince that got em?"
Dark flame sighed again and nervously ran her hand through her raven
black hair. "I doubt it, Sir. Hack and Jack are gonthos and their DNA acts
like a
shield protecting them from any attacks directed at them witha Jurai energy
signature. It must have been someone we didn't forsee of being there.
Someone who
had to be real good. Hack and Jack aren't ametuers and know how to use their
weapons. We did however got a signal and believe both of them activated
their
suicide devices."
"Then know one knows, what they were there for."
"But......?" Dark flame began.
"But what?" Khaine asked.
"There was an avoran with them. We didn't get any signal from her."
Dark Flame was now getting as nervous as ever and wanted to get on her knees
and
cry for mercy right then and there.
"No matter, begin phase two in three weeks." Khaine said. "We will have
to save Japan for last."

***********************************

Authors Notes: Well I wrote this fan fic in  about four and half  hours.
Couldn't sleep.
Damn all those other Fan Fic writers for giving me inspiration. And before
anyone
emails me about this( at qes23@aol.com) that isn't the kain from the movie
or will it
ever be. Funny though I didn't stop to think name's sounded the same until i
had
already sent the other one. This one was even more exciting to write than
the other
ones I wrote. And I will need input good and bad. But no grammar stuff. I
hate that
mostly because I read mispelled grammar from other peoples fics. And besides
its
my rite to use mispelled gramar. Oh and before I forget even though it was
only
mentioned onece in the whole entire fic Star Trek and its sister sitcoms are
owned
by paramount a superbly evil company.(maybe more so than others.)
