Tenchi Muyo!-The Voyage To JNW Kids:Chapters 1-4
A Tenchi/Digimon/Transformers Crossover by WarOmnimon
Disclaimer:
I don't own Tenchi Muyo, Pioneer/AIC does.
I don't own Digimon, Toei Animation and Bandai do.
I don't own Transformers, Hasbro and Takara do.
JNW Kids is an original channel created by WarOmnimon.
You need to know about Digimon Seasons 1+2, Transformers(All shows), and all 
three Tenchi shows to understand this fanfic.

Chapter 1:Kicked Off Of Toonami!

**Setting:Masaki House.  Phone rings.  Mihoshi answers.

Mihoshi:Hello, who's calling please?

Phone:I need to speak with Tenchi.

Mihoshi:TENCHI!

**Tenchi comes to the phone and takes it from Mihoshi

Tenchi:Who is this?

Phone:It's TOM.

Tenchi:The Toonami Operations Module?

Phone:Yes, that's right.

Tenchi:Why did you call?

Phone:(TOM begins to cry)

Tenchi:What's wrong?

Phone:Those idiots at AOL made a decision.  Very bad for you, good for...

Tenchi:Speak up!

Phone:Outlaw Star has replaced your show.

Tenchi:WHAT?!

Phone:I'm sorry, but it was AOL and not me.(Hangs up)

Tenchi:Jeez!

**Tenchi goes to living room, looking depressed.

Ryoko:What, Tenchi?(Begins to flirt with Tenchi)

**Tenchi throws Ryoko off

Tenchi:Not right now.  Anyway, we're not on Toonami anymore.

Everyone:WHAT?!

Tenchi:The idiots at AOL made another move agaist them and replaced us with 
Outlaw Star.

Washuu:OH NO!  Does that mean we won't get the 3rd OAV on Toonami when it's 
released in America?

Tenchi:...sorry, it wasn't my fault.

Washuu:That also means our movies won't be shown on Toonami!

**Phone rings, Tenchi answers

Tenchi:Hello?

Phone:Tenchi, I heard what happened involving you and Toonami.  I saw the 
schedule on www.toonami.com and you were, well, to put it simple-GOOD BYE.

Tenchi:Oh, you must be a fan.

Phone:Not just any fan.  I operate a Cable Network in America called "JNW Kids."

Tenchi:Are you airing us there?

Phone:First off, you need to fly over.

Tenchi:Really?

Phone:Second, all the Toonami shows not airing on Toonami anymore are also 
airing on JNW Kids.

Tenchi:OK.

Phone:Third.  My name...  Jesse, but you can call me "WarOmnimon."

Tenchi:OK.  Where's the JNW Kids Headquarters?

Phone:It's stationed in the very center of the US.  In JNW Town.

Tenchi:We'll be there.  See ya Jess.

Phone:See ya.(Hangs up)

**Tenchi returns to the living room with a smile.

Washuu:Are we on American TV again?

Tenchi:Not exactly, but we need to go to JNW Town on Ryo-Ohki!

**Setting:Outside.  Tenchi tosses Ryo-Ohki into the air and she becomes a 
spaceship, who beams everyone up.

Ryoko:Ryo-Ohki, bring us to JNW Town.

Ryo-Ohki:Myaa?

**Ryoko pulls up a map of the US and marks the very center.

Ryo-Ohki:Myaaaaaaaa!
