Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Finally I've reached one of the best parts of the story.
And I know you've probably read other stories of Ryoko in Goddess form, but
like I said, every autor has their own ideas. Enjoy!"







~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 20: The Awakening of Goddess Ryoko~


Gogita had Cell right where he wanted him. Cell was losing, for Gogita it was
easy.
"I won't give up that easily!!", Cell screamed.
Cell charged at Gogita, Gogita smirked and placed his hand in front of himself.
"Time to say Oyasumi (Good Night), for good.", Gogita said and fired
a big ki blast, Cell couldn't avoid it.
"NOOO!!!!"
Cell disintegrated.





Mariana smirked, Buu obviously couldn't beat her.
"If you give up now, maybe I'll show you some compassion.", Mariana said.

In response, Buu angrily created a big, red energy ball and fired it at Mariana.
"Your choice.", she said.
Mariana created a bigger energy ball and fired. Her energy ball absobed Buu's
energy ball and went straight at Buu.
"AAAAHHHH!!"
Buu disintegrated in the blast.

With Frieza, Cell, and Buu destroyed, the Z warriors flew to where Tenchi, 
Ryoko, and Ayeka were. They gasped at what they saw. Ryoko was surrounded by
giant aura that was even bigger than theirs.





Ryoko continued to scream holding her head as the aura grew stronger and
brighter. The earth started to shake and crack. When the aura's brightness
started to die down, something appeared in front of Ryoko. Tenchi gasped as
he recognized what it was.

"Light Hawk Wings! Ryoko created the Light Hawk Wings!", he yelled.

Ryoko's Light Hawk Wings multiplied, at first they were ten, then twelve, then
fifteen, until they were twenty. Six Light Hawk Wings seperated from the others
and flew away, the other fourteen surrounded Ryoko's body. Ryoko's battle suit
was changing, as much as her looks. Three small circles that looked
exactly like her gems (except for the color) appeared on her forehead. It
was the Goddesses' simbol. 

The aura around Ryoko finally died out. Everyone uncovered their eyes and saw
her. There stood Ryoko, she looked older, like an adult version of her, her
battle suit was now more red than black. Her sleeves were clompletely red,
half of her thighs were also red, while her legs, part
of her chest and other half of her thighs were black; and her feet 
had high heels on them, her battle suit no longer covered half of her 
face, her lips were red as a rose, and her hair had turned into a
beautiful silver color that sparkled with the moon light.

Everyone gasped at Ryoko's new appearence. She looked beautiful.

Then the six Light Hawk Wings that flew away, flew toward Ryoko. Two of them
went into Ryoko's neck from behind, then from her neck came out two auras of
feathers that looked like angel wings. The other four wings came to her, she
raised her hand and the Light Hawk Wings turned into a white energy ball, she
squeezed it, and it turned into a sword. Her sword had changed as well, the sword 
was big, white, and had feathers. Her transformation was complete.
(I don't know what kind of sword Ryoko has when she's in Goddess form, so
I imagined that one, and I thought that she would look great on heels.)


Ryoko held her sword in front of her, smiling.
"Well, who's going to be first?", she asked.

Everyone stood silent for a few seconds, then Gogita spoke.
"I am."

Ryoko's sword disappeared, she knew that Tenchi was the only one with a sword. She
stayed where she was.
Gogita charged at her, so quickly that the others barely saw him.
Gogita knew he couldn't underestimate her, so he powered up.
He launched a punch at her face, and Ryoko caught it with ease. Gogita was
surprised at her strength. She held it there.

"Your strength is not that great.", she stated calmly.

Gogita growled. Then, moving so fast that Gogita didn't noticed (until he
felt it), Ryoko landed a powerful punch on his stomanch. Gogita felt like he
ran out of air, he gurgled as blood came out of his mouth.
"You're weak.", Ryoko commented.
Ryoko released his fist and kicked him on the side, he fell from the sky like
a comet and hit the ground, making a big crater. He stayed motionless as he
fell unconscious. Then Gogita seperated into Vegeta and Goku, they were no
longer in SSJ4.

"Oh no!", Mariana said.

Mariana growled and charged at Ryoko. She threw punches and kicks at her, but
Ryoko blocked and dodged them all.
"Too slow.", Ryoko said.

Ryoko returned all the punched and kicks at full force. She was too fast and
strong for Mariana. She finished with a blow to the head that almost broke
her skull. Mariana also fell from the sky and slumped to the ground unconscious,
forming another crater as she split back into Marlene and Viviana, no longer
in SSJ4.






Washu and Tsunami were still fighting Tokimi, and Ayeka was too shocked and
scared by Ryoko's tranformation to fight. 

Trunks and Goten went into the scene. In their SSJ2 forms they attacked Ryoko.
It was two against one, but if a SSJ4 couldn't win against Goddess Ryoko, then
what chance could a SSJ2 have against her. They attacked with everything they
had, to no avail. Ryoko blocked and dodged them all.
"Too easy.", Ryoko said.
She then attacked, Goten was first, since Trunks was stronger than him, and
she always left the best for last.

In a blink Goten was unconscious on the floor.

Now it was Trunks' turn, Ryoko attacked him, and he was defeated easily. Even
so Trunks didn't give up. When he was on the floor, he stood up again, and
flew toward Ryoko.
"Ryoko!", he yelled.
"Stubborn idiot.", she whispered.

She attacked him again and again, but Trunks still stood up.
(Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Like father like son. I love him.")

Ryoko beat him to a bloody pulp, she grabbed him by his head when he
was falling again and held him in the air. He dropped out of SSJ2, he was
almost out of strength. He didn't move, he hang there under her grasp
unconscious as Ryoko placed her hand in front of his face to give him the final
blow.
"You look so cute when you're mad, little saiyan. It's a real pity that I 
have to kill you.", Ryoko said.

Trunks didn't respond, thought Ryoko wasn't expecting any reply from him.
She formed an energy ball in her hand.
"Good night sweet prince.", she said.
(I know, I took that from a DBZ episode, but I had to use it.)






Marlene began to stir, she sat up slowly, rubbing her head.
"What happened? AAAAHHHH!!", she yelled as she felt a stabbing pain on
head.
Marlene brought her hand to look at it. It was painted in blood.
"Damn, I didn't know she hit me that hard.", she said.

Her hair was painted in blood and it looked orange (well most of it anyway).
Marlene looked around and gasped. Ryoko had Trunks hanging under her grasp
and was ready to kill him. Marlene thought fast.

"Trunks!!", she yelled.

She looked at herself, she wasn't SSJ4 anymore. She must've dropped out
while she was unconscious. She quickly turned into SSJ2 and charged at Ryoko.
She knew she couldn't beat her in that form, but it would be enough to save
Trunks. And Ryoko didn't noticed her, since she was too busy.

When Ryoko was about to fire the energy ball, Marlene punched her in the face
with all her might. Ryoko's energy ball fired and hit a building away from them,
and Ryoko lost her grip on Trunks. Marlene caught him as he fell and set him
gently on the ground, holding him tightly against her.

"Trunks. Trunks.", she whispered.

No response. She knew he was still alive because she felt his ki. Ryoko floated
toward them.

"So, you still want to play.", Ryoko said.

Marlene gave a soft kiss on Trunks' lips and placed him on the ground. She
faced Ryoko.
"You have hurt my sister, and Trunks. And that's something I can't allow.",
Marlene said.

With a loud scream that made the ground shake violently, a silver aura
sorrounded Marlene and engulfed her with it's luster.

When the aura disappeared, Marlene was standing there, her body glowing,
she looked as if nothing changed in her, but there was something
different about her. There was a cresent blue moon on her forehead!
(Kind of like Sailor Moon's cresent moon, except Marlene's cresent
moon had it's corners looking to the right instead of looking upwards.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN???!!!)
Without any of them noticing, a cresent blue moon similar to Marlene's
appeared on Viviana's forehead, but she didn't move and her eyes stayed
closed.   

"I'll find a way to stop you even if it is the last thing I do.", Marlene said.
"Bring it on.", Ryoko replied.

Ryoko and Marlene fought. 

Marlene charged at Ryoko as her eyes glowed pink. Suddenly she stopped
and raised her arms upward, her body glowed pink. 

Ryoko then heard a loud noice behind her and looked behind her shoulder
and was surprised when she saw a giant fire tornado coming her way
at top speed. 

While Ryoko was trying to dodge the tornado, Marlene's body started
glowing yellow and electric sparks sorrounded her.

"A little fire and thunder for you.", Marlene said smirking. "This 
shall be enough to distract her, until the others wake up. This isn't
enough to defeat her and I know it. I wonder how long I'll be able
to hold on. I guess I'm not too used to using my power over 'Elements'."

Ryoko dodge the tornado again and destroyed it with a blast. When she
turned around to blast Marlene, Marlene hit her fists together in
front of her, and a giant thunder hit her with a loud 
crash. She screamed as she was electrocuted. She summoned her 
goddess powers and the thunder disappeared.

Marlene gasped. Ryoko stood there in mid air unharmed.

"Fool, did you really think a little lightning would hurt me? I'm
a goddess now, there's nothing I can't do."

"I knew it wasn't going to be enough.", Marlene thought. "I'll have
to hit her with everything I've got." She charged at Ryoko.


Marlene used all her strategies and fought as hard
as she could, but it was still useless. She ended up just like Trunks. She
was beat up to a bleeding pulp, she fell to the floor unconscious again as
she dropped out of SSJ2. Ryoko was about to cut her head off with her sword when
a ki blast hit her on the back, thought it didn't made a scratch. She turned
around and saw Trunks on one knee behind her, but far away.

"Leave her.......alone.......", and he passed out again.

Ryoko approached him slowly.
"Foolish boy.", she said.
She held out her sword, ready to kill him. Then another ki blast hit her on
the back, but harder than the last one. She turned around and saw Vegeta in
SSJ2 form, glaring at her. Her sword disappeared.
"The king of the saiyans is still standing. I'm not surprised.", Ryoko said.

Vegeta charged at her, and attacked her. He was definitely no match for her,
but he risked it. A risk that could end his life.

"You're no better than your son.", Ryoko said. "I know all of your moves."

She jumped high into the air. And the auras of feathers hanging from her neck
stiffed, like needles.
"Let's see how you can handle this.", Ryoko said.


She fired the feathers at him. Vegeta dodged a few of them, and the ones he 
couldn't dodge made several cuts in his body. He flew toward Ryoko as the auras
of feathers returned to normal. Ryoko attacked him and he didn't even last
two minutes. He was also beat up, and was unable to fight.


Just then, Viviana started to wake up as well, rubbing her bloody head.

"Marlene?", she said as she touched her forehead and felt something.

She took out her pocket mirror and looked at herself, she saw the
cresent blue moon. She wasn't surprised.
"I wonder how it came back. I thought for sure I hid it inside of
me. Maybe Marlene used our other powers. Well, this is no time to
be thinking about that."

She started looking around.
She saw Ryoko beating up Vegeta, and Trunks, Marlene, Goten, and Goku were on the 
floor unmoving.
"This is getting too complicated. She suddenly turned into a Goddess and
surpassed everyone. We couldn't beat her in SSJ4 or with fusion, darn.", Viviana
said.
She glanced at them and stood up.

"I don't stand a chance against her, but I have to save Vegeta. He's Marlene's
future father-in-law after all. But what am I saying? This is not a time for
jokes.", she scolded herself.

Viviana turned SSJ2 and flew toward Ryoko. Ryoko saw her coming and threw Vegeta
at her. They collided and both fell on the ground. The impact was hard enough
to knock out both of them, Viviana dropped out of SSJ2.

"You guys are just no fun.", Ryoko said smiling.

Ryoko looked around. All the Z warriors were knocked out. Washu and Tsunami
were busy, Ayeka was too shocked and scared to fight, so Ryoko headed for
the only one standing, Tenchi. She created her white feather sword and approached
him.




Tenchi faced her. He was shocked at how easily she defeated the others, but
he stood unmoving, ready to fight her. He held the Light Hawk Sword in front
of him.

"You think you'll do any better than the others? You're a weakling just like 
them. You're no match for me.", she commented calmly.
"Maybe so, but I won't give up until I get you back. I'll fight you if it's
necessary.", Tenchi said.
Ryoko smirked. "I guess I underestimated your bravery."

To Be Continued...........






Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Exciting, wasn't it? I loved it."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Me too. When are you going to post the next chapter?"
Trunks' Girl 787: "Soon, I hope. Next chapter is: True Love: 'Tenchi has
to get Ryoko back before it's too late. But how? Will he be in time to
save her?' "
Lady Vegeta4eva: "I can't wait!!!"
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Also I have a message for you readers. I decided not to write the
New War, Loss, and Love, instead of that I wrote a
new Tenchi/DBZ crossover, ANGST/DRAMA/MYSTERY/ROMANCE. I think It's better this way.
A new story, and you won't have to read the same story with only a few differences. This
will be Totally different. Those who are
interested in reading it please go to Anime Crossovers and look for
the story called 'Ginkoneko Hikari'. It's a VERY SAD, but beautiful
story. please give it a try. And please review. BYE!"