Saiyan Moon Goddess: "YEAH! YAHOO! This is chapter 8, finally we will appear in the story."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "We should celebrate!"
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "After the chapter."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Okay. So, who did you set me up with? Is it someone I like?"
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "You'll see." *laughs quietly to herself*
Lady Vegeta4eva: "What are you laughing about?"
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Oh, nothing. So, let chapter 8 begin."





~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 8: No Need for Twins~


     Trunks opened his eyes as the sunlight went through the window and hit his face. He yawned and
stretched, and he felt something attached to his back. Before looking behind, he lifted his right arm
to find a smaller arm under it that wasn't his. He looked behind his shoulder and saw Kaori deeply
asleep, attached to him. He felt nervous, but felt relieved when he saw she was still dressed in her long
pijamas.
"Did she had another nightmare?", he said quietly to himself.
Trunks got up from the bed, careful not to wake her, and went to the bathroom.

The sunlight hit Kaori's face. She groaned and opened her eyes slowly. She yawned and got up from
the bed.
"I can't believe the good sleep I got last night. Maybe someday I'll be able to get rid of my 
insomnia.", she said as she noticed Trunks was gone.
"I bet he went to the bathroom ahead of me. I'll go to the bathroom in my room before Bulma starts to
get the idea of cooking breakfast." With that she dashed out of the room.

Kaori started cooking breakfast, she was relieved that Bulma wasn't awake yet. She could hear Vegeta
working out on the gravity room.
"That guy must have some kind of mental alarm clock. He wakes up so early, only to keep working
out. He's so noisy.", Kaori thought to herself.

Bulma, Trunks, Bra, Pan, and Vegeta came into the kitchen. Kaori prepared tons of food, considering
that all of them ate a lot, except Bulma. Afterwards, Kaori was washing dishes and Bulma was helping
her, when Vegeta approached them.
"Hey girl, come on, I don't have all damn day.", he said crossing his arms.
"First of all Vegeta, her name is Kaori, and second, what do you want her for?", Bulma said.
"That's none of your business Bulma (if he called her woman, she would get VERY angry)."
"Are you talking about the promise I made you? Why so early?", Kaori said confused.
"I always like to get an early start, now come on. Trunks is joining us from now on."
Vegeta left the kitchen. Kaori followed him and Bulma couldn't help but worry about her.

Trunks decided to join Kaori and Vegeta to find out how strong Kaori was, and to prevent his father
from getting carried away (*I mean, use too much power and kill Kaori accidently*).
When Vegeta and Kaori arrived, Vegeta turned the gravity machine on 200g, apparently Kaori got used
 to it because of yesterday's battle with Vegeta. The three of them started a fight. Kaori vs. Vegeta and
Trunks. Vegeta vs. Kaori and Trunks. Trunks vs. Kaori and Vegeta.

The battle lasted a very long time, Trunks was amazed after seeing Kaori's skills. She could shoot
energy blasts, like them, but a little differently, she was strong and fast, but not as much as them, 
and she could fly. Kaori was also impressed, they were so fast and strong she could barely block
and evade their attacks, she wasn't going to give up.
"Wow! I've never seen or felt anything like this before. There's not doubt, like father like
son.", Kaori thought as she dodge a Big Bang attack from Vegeta. 

If both of them were fighting at maximum power, she would already be out with the first blow. 
She tried to keep up as much as she could, it was harder trying to block Vegeta's attacks since
he was stronger.

And so they kept on fighting, Kaori was enjoying this, but not as much as Vegeta. She liked it so much,
she asked Vegeta to train her, and Trunks decided to help. The training was hard, and it lasted
for months, until the first day of school came.

Kaori went to school with Trunks and Goten, flying through the sky together. It wasn't long before
they arrived. As soon as they reached the entrance, Trunks hesitated, he looked nervous.
"What's wrong Trunks?", Kaori asked.
"Don't worry, this happens everytime he comes to school, I wish it could happen to me.", Goten replied.
"You don't know what you're asking for.", Trunks muttered.
"What are you guys talking about?", Kaori said, but before they could answer a crowd of girls
standing on the entrance saw them.
"Hey look, it's Trunks!" They screamed in joy and ran to them, still screaming.

(Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Bwahahahahahaha!!! I always wanted to do that!!")

"Wow Trunks, I didn't know you were that famous.", Kaori said and sweatdropped.
"We have to get out of here!", Trunks said scared as he grabbed Kaori's hand, and he and Goten
flew as fast as they could, then landed on the roof. Trunks sighed in relief.
"That was close.", Trunks said.
"Yeah, but you know there is always someone waiting for us on the roof.", Goten said.
"What?!"

Trunks looked around. There were two girls on the roof standing just a few meters away from them,
staring at them. The two girls had the same face, with cristal blue eyes, their hair was so
long covered their backs, the only difference was that one of them had golden blonde hair, and the
other one had brown hair with soft blonde highlights. Both of them were dressed school
uniforms.
"Hi Goten!", said the girl with long brown hair and soft blond highlights. She ran to Goten.
"Viviana, I haven't seen you since the last two weeks.", Goten said as he hugged Viviana tightly
to him.

The golden blond haired girl approached Trunks shyly, without screaming his name.
"Hi Trunks.", she said with a warm smile. Trunks blushed.
"Hi,.....Marlene.", he said.

(Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Yes, that's right, believe it or not that's us. I am Marlene, and Lady Vegeta4eva
is Viviana..........Yeah, I know that probably most of you think that those are weird names and are not
japanese, but unfortunately my sister said she didn't want to change her name, no matter what 
others think. So I decided not to change mine. For us their not strange since we live in a 
tropical island where their common. I hope you readers understand.")

Marlene loved him very much, but he wasn't sure about how he felt for her. They knew each other
for more than a year, and went out together. 
"Well, at least some girls don't scream and jump when they see you.", Kaori said, and Marlene noticed her.
Marlene felt a bit of jealousy when she saw Trunks holding her hand.
"Who is she Trunks?", she asked.
"This is Kaori, she's living at my house from now on. Kaori, this is Marlene, and her twin sister
Viviana.", Trunks said while releasing Kaori's hand.
"You're blushing Trunks, is she your girlfriend?", Viviana asked.
Marlene heard her and felt sad, she looked at the floor. Viviana saw her and shut her mouth.
Actually, Trunks was blushing because of Marlene.
"No, not really.", Trunks replied.
"Hey you guys, we're going to be late for our first class.", Goten announced. He was right.
"Oh no!", Trunks exclaimed and grabbed Kaori's hand again. 

Trunks, Kaori, and Goten dashed into the building leaving Marlene and Viviana alone.
"Don't worry Marlene, if you want him, you have to fight for him.", Viviana said trying to console
her sister. Marlene nodded, but in her mind she thought, "That's easy for you to say. You have Goten."


At lunch time, everyone was eating. Trunks, Kaori, and Goten ate together. Viviana and Marlene looked
at them from their table. Marlene sighed as she saw Kaori sitting next to Trunks.

In another table, two guys were looking at Viviana and Marlene. A vain guy named Kamadashi, and his
best friend Kasu.
"What are you looking at Kamadashi?", Kasu asked.
"I'm looking at the pretty girl over there.", Kamadashi said while passing his hand through his
light brown hair.
"Which one?"
"The blonde one you idiot!", he remarked.
"You mean Marlene? You know her eyes are set on Trunks."
"So what? Viviana has Goten, but Trunks hasn't said anything to Marlene. Besides, all the girls are after 
Trunks.", Kamadashi said and got up from his chair.
"You'll be sorry.", Kasu said as Kamadashi walked to the girls' table.

"Hi Marlene.", Kamadashi greeted her.
Marlene looked at him for a second, then back at Trunks' table.
"Kamadashi, leave us alone, we don't have time to talk with you.", Viviana said frustrated. She knew
how intolerable he could be.
"That's not a nice thing to say Viviana, and I was talking to your sister.", Kamadashi said calmly.
"For your information, her problems are my problems. So just go away!"
"Hey Marlene. The school's welcome party is saturday night, want to be my date?", Kamadashi said
ignoring Viviana, who glared at him.
"No.", was all Marlene said.
"But why not? Trunks has not said anything to you.", he said and started playing with her hair.
Viviana was getting furious. Marlene ignored him at first, but then Kamadashi started to caress
her neck and back. Before Viviana could jump on him, Marlene grabbed him by the collar of his shirt
 and threw him to the wall, making a big hole in it.

(Saiyan Moon Goddess: "I always wanted to do that too!")

Everyone stared at Marlene, even Trunks, Kaori, and Goten, but Marlene didn't care.

"It's not the first time that this happens. A lot of boys were after Viviana before she became my
girlfriend.", Goten said not feeling surprised. 
"That girl is really strong.", Kaori said in a awe.
"That's because she and Viviana are half saiyan.", Trunks said.
"What?! Them too?! You never told me that!", Kaori said disappointed.
"Sorry, I forgot to tell you, they were born on another planet, and their dad was a saiyan. They
came here last year to help us with our most powerful enemy. They can reach the most powerful level 
of a super saiyan, but it requires too much energy. When they have nothing to do, they spar or train
together at their house, they have a gravity machine too."
"Hey Trunks, the school's welcome party is saturday night. Do you have a date yet?", Goten added.
"Oh no, I forgot about that!"

Trunks started to think about who could be his date. Goten glanced at Marlene, who was still staring
at them.
"Hey Trunks, how about....."
"I know!", Trunks iterrupted him. "Kaori, would you like to be my date?" 
Goten couldn't believe what he said. He was going to suggest that he should pick Marlene, but
he decided to pick Kaori. Trunks had always invited Marlene to the welcome party, this time, it
was different. 

Marlene was crushed, she heard what Trunks said with her sensitive ears. She felt like crying,
but stopped herself, she had too much pride to cry in front of the other students. Viviana
heard Trunks as well, she also felt sad, for her sister. Marlene cared for him very much, and she
wasn't going to accept any other date that wasn't Trunks.

Kaori thought for a moment and decided to accept Trunks' invitation.
"Yeah, I'll go.......But wait, I don't have anything to wear.", Kaori said.
"Don't worry, I'll take care of that.", Trunks said smiling. Kaori smiled back.

To Be Continued...........




Saiyan Moon Goddess: "That's the end for now, until next chapter. Marlene, Viviana, and Kaori belong
to me, so NO ONE even dare use them without my permission."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!"
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Huh? Agh......"*Lady Vegeta4eva grabs her by the throat and shakes her*
Lady Vegeta4eva: "WHAT'S THE BIG IDEA MARLENE?!?!?!?! WHY DID YOU SET ME UP WITH GOTEN?!?!?!?! I WANTED
VEGETA!!!!!!"
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Well....agh......you see......Vegeta has Bulma."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "I DON'T CARE!!!!! WE'RE SISTERS AND PARTNERS, WE'RE SUPPOSE TO BE AGREEDING WITH
EACH OTHER!!!!!!!"
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Agh......can't......breath."
Lady Vegeta4eva: *she realises her* *Saiyan Moon Goddess is catching her breath.* "IT'S NOT FAIR!!!!
YOU HAVE TRUNKS!!!!!!"
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "If it will make you feel better Viviana, later on I'll write a fic about you and Vegeta,
okay? And don't call me Marlene, we're working right now!"
Lady Vegeta4eva: "You better. Besides, the readers already know."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Well, until next chapter: Welcome Party and Christmas Cheer: 'Trunks is love with WHO?!?!?!
What will happen to Marlene?' I know you readers want Tenchi and the others to find Ryoko and read
the T/R romance, but remember, 'PATIENCE IS A VIRTUE', and the T/R is not the only romance in this
fic. Please REVIEW."

