Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Chapter 6 is ready! And I wanted to say something. In this story, first comes the
fun part, then the romance. So please be patience."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Will Tenchi and the others find Ryoko?"
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Of course they will! But first thing's first. Did you guess who doesn't want
Ryoko to be found? If you didn't, then maybe you'll guess by reading this chapter."






~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
 ~Chapter 6: No Need for Worries~


      Bulma was working with her computer in silence when Pan and Bra came running into the room.
"Mummy, we came to keep you company.", said Bra smiling.
"Where's Trunks and Kaori?"

Pan and Bra explained what happened.

"What?! Why?", Bulma said.
"He didn't told us why, he just left.", Pan said.
"I bet Vegeta has something to do with this. I'll wait for Trunks to bring her back, if they're going
to be out for a long time, I'll have to cook dinner.", Bulma replied and continued her work.

After a few hours, Trunks finally returned with Kaori. Bulma was about to cook dinner when she saw
 Kaori and Trunks walking into the kitchen.
"Hey, you're back! How are you feeling Kaori?", she greeted them.
"I'm fine, but I do feel a little strange."
"Mom, you wouldn't believe what happened on the hospital.", Trunks said looking at Kaori, "After
Kaori's gash was stitched, she was supposed to stay in bed because of her other injuries, but the
strangest thing happened. While the hours passed, her wounds were healing themselfs. Kaori heals as 
fast as dad can. So it didn't took us too long, and we were able to come back as soon as they let
her out."
"That's so incredible. Kaori, you're acting like you were saiyan, but also have many differences.", Bulma
replied.
"Oh really?", she said smiling.
"Yeah, like you don't have a tail, your eyes and hair are not black or dark brown, your hair is not
spiky, and you don't have the same bad attitude as Vegeta.", Bulma said.
"I think you're right Bulma.", Kaori replied and noticed that Bulma was about to cook. A cold
chill ran down her spine when she remembered how bad she cooked. She quickly ran to her and pushed
 her away from the counter smiling nervously at her.
"Uh Bulma, you must be tired after all the work you've done today, let me cook dinner for you."
"But.", Bulma protested. "Isn't your arm still hurt?"
"Nah, it's fine , you heard what Trunks said." 
She shoved Bulma to a chair and made her sit on it. "You just sit right here, and I'll cook dinner."
She then proceded to the counter.


Sasami served dinner. Normally dinner was done quickly, but since Ryoko's disappearence, Sasami felt
very depressed. It took her almost two hours, with Mihoshi's help, to make dinner. She liked Ryoko very
much, she was one of her best friends, and now she was sad because she missed her very much.

Sasami wasn't the only one that felt depressed, everyone except Ayeka barely touched their food, and
 Tenchi didn't eat anything at all. He felt empty, even with all the girls that were left. He sat
at the corner of the table looking at his plate with a blank look on his face. The house was quiet,
too quiet. Normally at dinner, it was all the same; Sasami cooked, Washu worked in her lab, Mihoshi and
Kiyone watched television or went to do their normal work, and the noise of Ryoko and Ayeka fighting
over Tenchi, then the house half destroyed. But now, without Ryoko, everything turned upside-down.
He missed her, and he wanted her back, even if that meant Ayeka and her fighting again.

Ayeka looked at Tenchi with a worried look. He had barely ate anything since Ryoko ran away.
"Lord Tenchi.", she called him.
No response.
"Lord Tenchi!", she called again, a little louder. 
Tenchi almost fell backwards when she startled him. He looked back at her.
"What's wrong Lord Tenchi? You haven't touched your food.", she said with a concerned tone of voice.                                 
Tenchi smiled weakly at her."I'm fine, don't worry Ayeka."
"You miss her, don't you? Why?"
"What?"
"You know what I'm talking about."
Tenchi lowered his head.
"Yes, I do.", he said.

Everyone stopped eating to look at Tenchi.

"We all miss her Tenchi, but we can't think that all hope of her coming back is gone.", Kiyone said
trying to make him feel better.
"You're right Kiyone, I'll go see Washu to know how she's doing.", Tenchi and stood up.

He went to Washu's lab and saw her working with her computer, typing as fast as she could.
"Washu, how are you doing?", he asked while approaching her. "Have you found her yet?"
"I got good news Tenchi, I haven't found her yet, but I'm getting closer to where she is. I'll
locate her in no time with this machine.", she said pointing at the big machine in front of her.

Tenchi looked at the machine with a confused look. Then he looked back at Washu and noticed she was 
wearing some kind of strange helmet that was connected to the machine.
"What is that machine for anyway Washu?"
"This machine will help me pick up Ryoko's presence. Even when Ryoko has a mental link with me and
Ryo-ohki, it doesn't work  because she's in another dimension. With this machine I can pick up her
presence, no matter how long the distance is. It looked me seven months to create it. Finding her
 should be easier this way. It won't be long now."
Tenchi watched Washu as she continue working with her machine.

Unknowingly to them, somebody was watching them. Not even Washu noticed, because she was too concentrated
in her work. The shadow stood in another dimension that was all covered in darkness, she looked 
at the bubble she held in her hand, watching the reflection inside of it. She could see Tenchi and 
Washu in the lab. She smiled.
"Dear sister, I think it's still too early for you to rejoin with your daugther.", she said and her
 eyes glowed red.

Washu finally noticed that something strange was going on. She stopped working with her computer and
looked up.
"What's wrong Washu?", Tenchi said.
"Something is wrong. I can feel it........What the.....?!", Washu said as electric sparks started shooting
from her machine. "The machine is blowing a circuit! What's happening?!"
"Little Washu look out!", Tenchi yelled as he grabbed Washu by her hand, pulling her from her chair,
 and pulling out the helmet as well, just in time as the machine exploded in to a million pieces.
The force from the explotion pushed Tenchi and Washu to the floor.

"Are you alright Washu?", Tenchi said as he stood up and offered her his hand. Washu grabbed his hand
and got up.
"I'm fine. Thanks Tenchi, that was a close call.", she said and walked to the remains of her machine,
examining it. "I don't understand. I examined the machine before using it. There was nothing wrong
with it."
"Maybe you didn't examined it completely. Bad things happen when you least expect it.", Tenchi said.
"I don't think so. I always examine my creations without missing a spot. And my creations never have
errors on it. Somebody must've sabotaged my machine. The question is: Who?"

Washu looked at the machine thoughtfully. She couldn't imagine anyone trying to ruin her machine.
"There is no doubt about it. Someone wants to get to Ryoko before I do.", Washu thought.

To Be Continued..........





Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Well, did you like it? Did you guess who that shadow was? I know she has appeared
in many fics, but I wanted her to be in mine."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Yeah, the next chapter is: No Need for Nightmares: Kaori is affraid of something
and she's attaching to Trunks."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Hey, that was my line!"
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Oh come on, you never give me a chance."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "At first, it doesn't appear to be a T/R fic, but believe me, 
it is."


