Saiyan Moon Goddess: "And now, here is chapter 7 for ya! Like I said before,
I don't own DBZ or Tenchi Muyo. And this is a T/R fic."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "You got that right."





~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 7: No Need for Nightmares~


     That night, it was time for Bra and Pan to go to bed. They hopped on the bed and Kaori pulled
 the blankets over them.
"You two sure had a lot of fun today. Now it's time to close your eyes.", Kaori said smiling.
"Aren't you going to read us a story?", Bra asked. "Mummy always does."
"Oh come on, kids today don't need stories to sleep. When I was little the only thing I recieved before
sleeping was a beating.", Kaori replied.
"Kaori please tell us a story.", Pan said while staring at her with innocent eyes.
"Well.....I....., alright, you win.", Kaori said giving up.
"Yeah!", they exclaimed happily.

Kaori didn't have to think of a good story, she already had one.

Trunks walked through the hall approaching his room, when he heard Kaori's voice coming from Bra's
room. When he walked inside, he saw Kaori as she stood up. She had finished her story. And the girls
were complaining.
"What a bad story, why did it end up so sad?", Bra asked with a sad face.
"Well, you didn't tell me to tell a happy story. But there is a beautiful song that comes out from
this story. I can sing it as a lullaby to you. Want me to sing it?", Kaori replied.
"Yeah.", they said.

She started to sing. Her beautiful voice singing her melody filled the room. Trunks heard her sing
with a sweet smile, her voice was lovely. She sang like an angel.
When she finished singing, she looked at the bed and saw Pan and Bra already asleep.
"They look like little angels.", Kaori said.
"They sure do.", Trunks suddenly said, startling her. She jumped scared and turned around to see Trunks
smiling at her. "I never knew you could sing so well. What is that song called?"
"Trunks, how long have you've been there?", Kaori said.
"Long enough to hear you. What is that song called?"
"Promise not to tell anyone?"
"I promise."
"I call it 'The Lonely Moon'."
"And why were the girls complaining? What kind of story did you tell them?"
"You ask to much Trunks. I told them a sad one, a story that happened in the real life. But it's
just an old story, hehehehehe......", Kaori said laughing nervously.

They left the room and Kaori looked at Trunks.
"Did you liked how I sang?"
"Yeah, it's beautiful, you have to sing it again some time. Well, I'm going to sleep. Good night
Kaori."
"Good night Trunks."

Both of them went their separate ways to their room.
Kaori changed into her long and soft pijamas. She lay down on the bed and closed her eyes, trying
to sleep. She has had a long and sleepless nights, even when Trunks told her not to worry. Her
nightmares didn't let her sleep. When she closed her eyes, she fell asleep, she was very exhausted.
And then, a nightmare started.

*NIGHTMARE*

Kaori opened her eyes and looked around, she was in a forest. Then she looked down at herself and saw
she was wearing the same clothes she was wearing when Trunks and Vegeta found her (a green and pink dress).
"Where am I?", she asked herself.

She walked through the forest until she found a big house. She recognized it somehow.
"I feel like I've been here before.", she said and walked to the house, knocking on the door, but
nobody answered. She opened the door and got in. She looked at her sorroundings, the house looked
empty, then she felt a stabbing pain on her back. Then it came to her.
"No,.....it can't be. I have to get out of here!"
She turned around, only to find a wall with nothing on it. The door had disappeared. She looked at the
other sides of the wall, trying to find a way a way out. She could barely see anythng because it
was dark. Kaori felt frightened.

"So you're back, huh?", said a male voice behind her.

Kaori turned around to see a young man in the shadows, she couldn't see his face, but she knew who it was.
She took a step back.
"No......", she whispered.
"How dare you even come back? I should've taken care of you last time.", he said coldly.
He walked to her and she stepped back, but she stopped when she felt that her back touched something.
She looked behind her shoulder and saw another shadow, a girl that was as tall as she was.
"Don't worry, you can take care of her now, I'll help you.", she said in the same tone of voice
as the young man.

Kaori felt sorrounded, she stood away from the girl until she was between them. They got closer to
her, the boy took out some kind of strange blue sword and hold it in front of him, still getting closer,
and threatening her life. He charged at her, then the other girl grabbed Kaori from behind holding her still.
Thinking fast, Kaori elbowed the girl hard on her stomach, and the girl let her go, then Kaori grabbed
her by her hair and threw her to the wall.
She saw the boy charging at her, she dodged his fist attack. The boy continued attacking, and she
backed away until she hit the wall. The boy charged at her again and prepared to give her the final
blow. Kaori didn't move, she didn't want to hurt him.
"NO STOP! DON'T MAKE ME DO THIS!", she cried. 
The boy didn't listen. Without any other choice left, and with a loud cry, Kaori punched the boy in
his stomach before his sword could touch her, but she did it so hard, her punch went through his 
stomach. She quickly took out her punch and the boy dropped the sword, he fell to the floor,
a pond of blood forming around him. Kaori panicked when she saw he wasn't moving.
"Noooo.......", she whispered trying to stay calm, but it was too late. He was dead.
"AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!", she screamed as she felt another tremendous stabbing pain on her
chest, and she fell to her knees in pain.

*END NIGHTMARE*

Kaori woke up with a gasp, she sat on the bed, crying. The warm tears came so fast she couldn't
stop them.
"It's.......it's no use.", she said.
She got up from the bed, still crying, and left the room quietly. She walked to Trunks' room and went
inside, she saw him sleeping peacefully on his bed. Kaori knelt beside the bed and shooked him gently.
"Trunks, Trunks, wake up.", she whispered.
After shaking him some more, he groaned and half opened his eyes.
"Kaori, what are you doing in my room?", he asked sleepy.
"Trunks, it's just no use. I can't sleep. I'm suffering from a little insomnia. Would you let me sleep
here with you?", she whispered.
"What?!!", he said feeling more awake.
"Please Trunks, or I'll have stay awake all night. I won't do anything wrong.", she begged him.

She tried to stop her tears again with the back of her hand. Trunks saw her saw her sad face, another
tear fell from her eye. He was feeling compassion for her again. Those emerald eyes of hers could go
 through anything, even when Trunks sometimes thought her eyes didn't look real.
"Alright, but just for tonight, and you have to stay on your side of the bed, okay?"

Kaori smiled happily. Trunks went to the other side of the bed as Kaori hopped on the bed and covered
herself with the blankets.

To Be Continued.........




Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Sweet, very sweet."
Lady Vegeta4eva: *singing* "Trunks and Kaori sitting in a tree.....k-i-s-s-i-n-g....."*BANG**got hit
on the head with a mallet by Saiyan Moon Goddess, knocking her out cold*
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "IF YOU SING THAT AGAIN, I WON'T HESITATE TO DO SOMETHING NASTY TO YOU ON THE 
FIC!!!!!!!!!" *takes a deep breath and calms down* "Ahem, well, the next chapter is: No Need for
Twins: Kaori is training with Trunks and Vegeta, school trouble start, and who are the twin sisters that 
are after Trunks and Goten?"
Lady Vegeta4eva: *wakes up* "Is that the chapter where we appear?"
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Yep. You bet."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "YEAH! ALRIGHT! You better put that chapter soon because I can't wait!"
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Alright, calm down. To all you readers, please review. 
Okay? See ya!"


