Saiyan Moon Goddess: "I changed the title because I'm going to give it to one of the chapters in
Ginkoneko Hikari."






~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess

~Chapter 26: No Need for Triple LOVE!!



It has been four years since Tokimi's demise. Tenchi and Ryoko still live in the Masaki house 
with Sasami, Mayuka, and Washu. Kiyone and Mihoshi had left back to Galaxy Police HQ and Ayeka
returned to Jurai. Trunks, Marlene, Vivian, and Goten finished their studies. Now Trunks was
the new Capsule Corp. president since Bulma decided to retire. Marlene still loved writting,
so she started writting all the adventures she and the other Z warriors had in the past and 
selled them as novels of pure action, they were a big hit around the whole world and Marlene
became a very famous writer. Vivian painted lots of paintings, especially of people, she also
became a famous dress designer, and her dresses were sold in millions, she was happy. Even 
though, the twin sisters still trained at home and never gave up their impresive fighting 
skills and powers, the grew stronger over the years. Goten, well, he worked at Capsule Corp as
Trunks assistant, he wasn't sure what he really wanted to do for a living, so Trunks had
offered him that job.





Trunks stood in the forest, under a tree. He glanced around and looked at his wristwatch. He 
sighed and leaned against the tree, looking at the clear sky. He remembered when Ryoko once 
threw a snowball at his father's face four years ago, and she does so every winter when it 
snows. He laughed at that thought. It was funny the way Vegeta got mad and threw 
snowballs too, thought he ended up falling because of the slippery ground. Trunks then looked
at his watch again.

"Where could she be?", he said to himself. "She's late."

"Sorry about that.", said a voice behind him.

Trunks turned and saw Marlene standing behind him, smiling cheerfully. 

"I was eating a few french fries at home and I lost track of time.", she laughed nervously.

Trunks sweatdropped. He knew that Marlene had some kind of strange attraction to french fries,
flan, ice cream, and peanut butter. He wasn't surprised that she lost track of time.

"I made these cookies at home.", Marlene said and pulled out a box. "I hope you like them."

Marlene handed him the box and he opened it. Inside there were many decorated cookies with 
chocolate, vanilla, peanut butter,....They made his mouth water and hey ate them all without
thinking.

"Wow, you sure were hungry.", Marlene said as she saw he didn't left any cookies for her. "Oh,
well. I already ate a lot of them at home."

"Thanks, they were delicious as always.", Trunks said.

Marlene blushed while playing with her golden hair. "You're welcomed. So, why did you want me to
come here. You said there was something very important you wanted to tell me."

"That's right. Look.", Trunks pulled out a small velvet box.

Marlene's eyes widdened. "Is that what I think it is?"

"Yes.", Trunks said and opened the velvet box to reveal a beautiful engagement ring. He took he 
left hand. "Princess Marlene of Venus, will you marry me?"

Marlene chuckled at the title. "Of course I will marry you, Prince Trunks of Vegeta."

Trunks placed the ring on her finger and they kissed deeply. That was one of Marlene's happiest 
day of her life.




Afterwards, Marlene flew to the Masaki house, where she found Ryoko happily playing with Mayuka
in the living room.

"Hey, Ryoko!", she greeted.

Ryoko looked up at her and smiled. "Hi Marlene, it's been a while."

Marlene sat beside her, a big smile on her face.

"Why so happy today?", Ryoko asked.

"Trunks proposed to me!", Marlene yelled happily.

"Really?! That's great! Congratulations!" 

Ryoko hugged her tightly and Marlene hugged her back. When they broke apart, Ryoko showed 
Marlene her left hand, which hand an engagement ring on it.

"You're not the only one.", Ryoko said. 

"Tenchi?", Marlene said.

Ryoko nodded. 

"You must be very happy too.", Marlene said.

"You don't know how much.", Ryoko blushed, despite herself.

Suddenly they heard a knock at the door. Marlene went to answer it. When she opened the door, 
her twin sister rushed in and gave Marlene a VERY tight hug. Marlene almost lost her balance.

"Vivian.", Marlene groaned in a strangled voice. "You gotta love this sisterly moments."

Vivian let go off her. "Marlene! You won't believe what happened! Goten proposed to me! I'm so
happy!"

Ryoko stood up, holding Mayuka, and went to them. "It looks like we have a triple marriage here.
Anyone else on the list?"

"I don't think so.", Marlene said.

"This is going to be great!", Vivian said. "I can't wait!"


ONE YEAR LATER.... (yes, I jumped the wedding part. Sorry.)



Ryoko held the six year old Mayuka's hand as she and her husband Tenchi walked through
the forest. Tenchi was carrying a small bundle in his arms.

"Tenchi, this is taking too long.", complained Ryoko. "How about we go the fast way?"

"Yeah. Can we go the fast way, daddy?", said Mayuka.

"Alright, let's go the fast way.", said Tenchi smiling.

Ryoko held on to Tenchi's hand and she teleported all three of them to the entrance of a giant
mansion. It was almost as big as Capsule Corp, with a garden full of roses of different colors,
and the mansion was beautiful. They walked right into the garden, where they saw a woman with
golden hair kneeled on the ground, planting a few more roses, she wore gloves on the hands and
she was digging with a small shovel, she wore a cream-coloured hat with a pink ribbon on her
head and a cream-coloured dress, but her big stomach was visible enough. (Woah! Me pregnant? 
It's gonna be years before that happens! I got a lot of years in my life to live wild.) She 
stopped digging to wipe some sweat from her brow, she looked up with her ocean blue eyes and 
saw Ryoko, Tenchi, and Mayuka coming her way. 

"Ryoko! Tenchi! It's been a while!", she greeted them.

"Good afternoon, Marlene.", said Tenchi. "How is everything going?"

"The usual as always.", said Marlene. "Trunks retired from work three months ago so he could
spend more time with me during my pregancy. I'm almost due now."

"Really?", said Ryoko. "Well, my two little girls are doing great. Right Mayuka?"

"Right, mummy.", Mayuka said cheerfully.

"Hey, can I see the baby?", said Marlene.

"Sure.", said Tenchi.

"Then help me get up."

Tenchi handed the small baby girl he carried to Ryoko and went to help Marlene stand up. Her 
womb made it difficult to stand up on her own. When she was on her feet, she went to Ryoko and
Ryoko handed her the baby. Marlene stared at the baby. The little one had black hair and bright
green eyes.

"What a cutie pie.", Marlene said. "You are cute, aren't you Kaori?"

The baby giggled and touched her face. Ryoko named her daughter with the same name she use to
cover her identity before the fight with Tokimi. Trunks was very happy when he heard that 
Ryoko's daughter's name was Kaori. Ryoko did it for him, one o her best friends.

"Where is uncle Trunks?", said Mayuka.

"The last time I saw him was three hours ago and he was working on his computer.", said Marlene.

"And Vivian?", Ryoko said.

"She must be at her home with Goten.", said Marlene. "She's almost due too. I wonder what my
babies will be. Can you believe it? The doctor said I was having twins. I have a twin sister 
and now I'm having twins as well. What a coincidence."

"Marlene!", called a voice.

Everyone turned to see Trunks walking out of the mansion and towards them.

"Marlene, why didn't you call me if Tenchi and Ryoko were here?", Trunks said.

"Don't worry, they just arrived.", said Marlene.

"How's everything going?", said Tenchi.

"Great, Marlene is almost due, so I wanted to be here if she needs me.", said Trunks and he 
kissed his wife.

Suddenly, they all heard a ringing sound, coming from inside the mansion.

"The phone is ringing.", said Marlene. "Could you get it, Trunks?"

"Sure.", said Trunks and he ran back to the mansion.

The others continued talking until Trunks came back running like crazy, he looked anxious.

"Marlene! Goten called!", he said. "He's at the hospital now. And Vivian is going to give 
birth."

"What?!", Marlene yelled. "We have to go there now!"

"I'll take you.", said Ryoko, taking Kaori back from Marlene. "It'll be faster this way. Just
hold on to me."

Trunks placed a hand on Ryoko's shoulder and held Marlene's hand. Tenchi did the same and held
Mayuka's hand. Ryoko teleported them to the hospital.

In the hospital, they sat in the waiting room when the receptionist told them that Vivian was
giving birth and Goten was with her. Ryoko sat next to Tenchi, feeding Kaori. Tenchi sat next to
Ryoko and Mayuka. Marlene and Trunks sat next to each other, and Marlene looked worried.

"I sure hope Vivian is okay.", Marlene said.

Trunks put his arm around her shoulders and pulled her closer. "Don't worry, I'm sure she'll
be fine."

Marlene smiled. "Yeah, you're right. Vivian is strong and she can pull through." She glanced at
Trunks and she suddenly felt something under her. "What the-?!"

"What's wrong?", Trunks asked.

"I'm leaking!!", she yelled.

"Uh oh.", Trunks said. Now he looked very worried. "You now what that means?"

"Y-Yes.", Marlene said, looking nervous.

"Well, what do you know?", said Ryoko, grinning. "Two twin sisters, not only born together, but
also giving birth together. You girls are really amazing."

"Gee, thanks.", said Marlene.

"Come on, let's go."

Trunks held on to Marlene as they left Tenchi and Ryoko alone with the kids.

"You think they'll be alright?", said Tenchi.

"I'm sure they'll be fine.", said Ryoko. 

Hours passed, and Tenchi and Ryoko were still waiting for their friends to come out. Mayuka got
so bored in the waiting room that she fell asleep, along with Kaori.

Then, finally Trunks and Goten came into the waiting room. Tenchi and Ryoko went to greet them.

"How did everything went?", said Ryoko.

"Good.", said Goten.

"Yeah, Marlene was in pain, but she refused to scream.", said Trunks.

"Yep, that's Marlene for you.", said Ryoko.

"Vivian didn't scream either.", said Goten. "We had a daughter and we named her Veggie."

Tenchi and Ryoko sweatdropped.

"And Marlene?", said Tenchi.

"She had twins.", said Trunks. "A boy and a girl. We named the boy after my father, and we
named the girl Venus."

"Come on, I want to go see them.", said Ryoko.

"Okay." said Trunks.

Tenchi carried the sleeping Mayuka as they went to check on the twins. Indeed, Vivian had a 
daughter with black hair and ocean blue eyes named Veggie. And Marlene had a boy with 
flame-like, spiky, black hair and ocean blue eyes named Vegeta; and daughter with lavender hair
and ocean blue eyes named Venus. They were all born with tails, and the parents let them keep
them, of course.

After the twins and their babies were released from the hospital, they went to Capsule Corp to
celebrate and Bulma started a big party. All their friends were invited. They had the time of
their lives. Ryoko even brought the kareoke machine from the Masaki house. Ayeka, Mihoshi, and
Kiyone came as well.

"Alright, who wants to go first?!", yelled Ryoko.

"You can go first, but I bet that we can sing better than you!", Marlene said, pointing to 
Vivian.

"You're on!", said Ryoko.

Ryoko and Ayeka teamed up and sang "Up-Walk In Galaxy". When they finished, everyone cheered on.

"Ha, that's nothing!", said Marlene and Vivian at the same time.

Marlene and Vivian handed their babies to their husbands and stood on the stage. They sang a 
song from Sailor Moon, one of their favorite tv shows.



*Carry On*

Here I'm stading in the night, 
My crescent wand's the only light.
Alone against my darkest fears,
but I sense my friends are here,
I'll draw from each the power I need, 
Evil Queen we will defeat.

Give me the strength to carry on.
With all our love we can't go wrong.
Only together we face the fight.
Nothing can stand against our might.

With all our strength the battle's won. 
With all our love we can't go wrong.
We have the strength to carry on.



Everyone cheered loudly and the twins bowed, then they smirked and made a high five.

"We're the queens of the kareoke!!", they yelled.

Everyone laughed. Ryoko and Ayeka wouldn't give up and they continued with the singing contest
against Marlene and Vivian. They sang all night.

And so, after so many years of battles and struggle for survival, the Z warriors and Tenchi
and the others had peace, for now. Who knows what the future has in store for them and their
children.

THE END





Saiyan Moon Goddess: "I can't believe I finished it! Yes! YES!!"

Lady Vegeta4eva: "Not bad Marlene."

Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Thank you! And now readers, pay attention. I'm going to continue the prequel
to this story, but tell me. Do you want a SEQUEL for this story? If you want to, you have to
tell me or I won't do anything. You can tell me a few starting ideas on what the story will be
about. Remember to review and tell me your answer!!"

SMG and Lady V: " SMG AND LADY V are saying goodbye!!"

