






~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 18: No Need for Waiting~


Tenchi and the others were the first to arrive at the city, it was under 
attack, everything was on fire. Explosions could be heard everywhere, a 
stampede of people were running as fast as they could.

"Who's causing all of this?", Sasami asked.

Then Marlene and Viviana appeared, they landed beside the others.
"Viviana, Marlene, what are you doing here? Did you felt the strange ki levels 
too?", Goten said.
"Yeah, and it looks pretty serious. Who's causing this?", Viviana said.

Trunks saw Marlene and turned to look the other way, Marlene did the same. 
She wanted to stay away from him as soon as she could.

"I'm going to check it out.", Marlene said suddenly.
"Wait Marlene.", Viviana tried to stop her but she had already flew off 
toward the flames.

Marlene looked around, she saw nothing, but felt that someone was staring at her.
She felt three ki levels approaching her from behind. She turned around and 
recieved three invisible attacks in the face. She fell and crashed into a 
building.

The others saw everything.
"Marlene!", Viviana yelled and flew to reach her.

When Viviana reached the building, Marlene came out, rubbing her head.

"Marlene, are you alright?", Viviana said.
"Yeah, I'll be fine, as soon as I get my hands on the bastard that hit me.", 
Marlene replied as the other Z warriors flew toward them.

"Oh, don't you mean 'bastards'?", they heard a voice say.

Everyone looked to where they heard the voice and saw three dark figures 
floating between the flames. The fire grew brighter and they saw who they 
were. The Z warriors gasped.

"No, it can't be!", Vegeta said shocked.
"Frieza, Cell-!", Goku started.
"And Majin Buu!", Trunks and Goten finished.
"But it can't be! Frieza was killed years ago!", Vegeta stated.
"And Gohan killed Cell!", Goku said.
"And Dad killed Majin Buu!", Goten added. "How come you guys are alive?!"
"A little friend of ours revived us and made us stronger than before.", Frieza
said.
"Now we get to take revenge on you all.", Cell said.

At that moment, Tokimi appeared behind them.
"These three wanted to have some fun, so I let them attack the city.", Tokimi
said.
"Tokimi where's Ryoko?!", Washu yelled angrily.
"She's a little busy right now. She won't be able to come tonight.", Tokimi
replied and turned her attention to the three undead. "Frieza, Cell, Buu, it's
time to go. We'll come back when we're ready."
"And where do you think you're going?", Trunks asked.
"We're going to visit my little niece. But we'll be back in three days. Oyasumi
Nasai (Good Night)."
Tokimi disappeared. Frieza, Cell, and Buu disappeared too.






Everyone returned to Capsule Corp., planning what to do. Now they had to wait
three days until Tokimi came back. They had no idea of where she was now, and
there was no way to find out. 

Everyone gathered at the living room. There was total silence, until Washu spoke.

"She said she'd be back in three days, by that time Ryoko will have learn to
control her powers, we won't be able to stop her, our only chance would be that
she can brake out of Tokimi's control. And I'm not sure if she can do that."
"What about Frieza, Cell, and Buu?", Goten said.
"I checked their ki levels.", Goku said. "They much more stronger than they
were before."
"I checked them too, Frieza is the weakest of the three.", Vegeta said. "Kakarot and
I can go SSJ4, we could take him out with that form. But Cell and Buu, I'm not
sure."
"Don't worry, you can take out Cell if you two fuse.", Viviana stated pointing
at Vegeta and Goku.
"WHAT?!", Vegeta yelled.
"Sorry Vegeta, but you'll have to do the fusion dance.", Viviana said.
"I'm not doing that ridiculous dance!!", Vegeta yelled with his face red.
"Oh don't worry, Marlene and I will help, and if becomes necesary, we'll fuse as
well."
"Huh?!", Marlene said.
"What's the matter Marlene? You don't want to do the fusion dance either?", Viviana
teased her sister.
"Great, now I'll have to do that embarrassing dance again.", Marlene muttered.




A snow storm started that night. The winds were rough, and cold. Nobody left
Capsule Corp. that night.





Tenchi sat in the bed of the guest room he was given, he looked at the floor sadly.
He was worried about Ryoko, he couldn't stop thinking about her.

"Ryoko, I hope you're alright.", he said to himself.

He tried to remember what happened before Ryoko ran away.

*FLASHBACK*

Tenchi and the girls were at the table, Sasami was serving dinner.

"It's looks delicious Sasami.". Tenchi commented.
"Thank you Tenchi, and we're going to have a special dessert today.", Sasami 
said with her usual smile.

Suddenly they heard someone shouting and cursing. They could easily know who it
was, Ryoko and Ayeka.

"Ryoko and Ayeka are fighting again, dinner is going to get cold. Tenchi, could
you get Ayeka for me?............Tenchi what's wrong?"

Tenchi was holding his head in pain, like he was having a bad headache or something.

"My head hurts.......really bad.", he said not looking at her.
"Do you want me to get you an aspirin?", she said worried.
"No, it's okay. I'll go get Ayeka.", Tenchi replied and stood up.

While Tenchi walked toward the fight in the other room, his headache was getting
worse. Then everything went black for him.


Afterwards, he opened his eyes, and found himself back at the table with the
others. He wondered what he was doing there, then he heard an explosion that
came from Washu's lab. Tenchi ran to the lab, Ayeka following him.

*END FLASHBACK*

Tenchi didn't remember what happened that day. He could remember the painful
look on Ryoko's face.

"Ryoko, I'm sorry.", he whispered, his voice breaking.

He cried in silence, he hated himself for what happened, he thought it was
all his fault.

He remembered the old days, when Ryoko lived happily in the Masaki house, every
morning she would appear in Techi's room to wake him up and greet him, she took
care of Mayuka, she was full of life, and energy. Ryoko loved Tenchi so much, she
would sacrifice anything for him, even her life.
Now she was gone, Tenchi felt like he let her down.
He reflected about Ryoko and Ayeka. They had always asked him to choose between
them. He has lived with them for two years and he hasn't chosen yet. Ayeka is
a princess, gentle and kind, but she could be spoiled when she got mad, she
was beautiful, and had good manners. Tenchi didn't felt anything for her. Ryoko
on the other hand, is full of life, she is rough when she fights, she hides her
feelings, she's beautiful and strong, she would sacrifice anything for Tenchi.
Tenchi felt something about her.
"Ryoko, what is this feeling that I have? Am I in love with you?", Tenchi thought.
"I don't know, but what I do know is that I'll get you back somehow."





Marlene and Viviana were sharing a room. Marlene sat in front of the window
and Viviana was sitting on the bed. Marlene looked at the stars, thinking.
(Who do you think she was thinking about?)

Viviana got up from the bed.
"I'm hungry, I'm going to get something to eat.", Viviana said.
"Please bring something for me too.", Marlene said not looking at her.

Viviana left the room. She went to the kitchen and saw Goten eating a rather
big sandwich.

"Hey Goten, mind if I join you?", she said to him.
"Of course not, go right ahead. You can eat with me at any time, anywhere.",
Goten replied and took another bite from his food.
"Thank you."

Viviana appraoched him and saw a plate beside him that had another big sandwich.
"Mmmm, that looks delicious.", she thought to herself.
She sat down in the chair beside Goten and grabbed the sandwich, taking a bite
out of it. She blushed when she noticed Goten staring at her. When they
finished they looked at each other.
"Tell me Goten, do you really think that Ryoko loves Trunks? I mean, Marlene
hasn't gotten over their relationship.", Viviana said concerned.
"I'm not sure. Somehow, I doubt it.", he replied.
"So you think there is a chance that Trunks might fall in love with Marlene?"
"Maybe, but Trunks had a lot of dates with Marlene before, and he never noticed
how much she loved him."
"Sometimes a man can be so blind. But Trunks is a very attractive young man, and
he's very kind, a gentleman, he can be shy sometimes, and he's always willing
to help the ones he love, even when he himself is in danger. I can still remember
what happened the first day we all met, Marlene would never admit that she loved Trunks,
and Trunks was always afraid of her. I could never stop laughing when those
two were together. Marlene loves him very much. I just hope that she can be happy someday."
"Don't worry Viviana, I'm sure that someday, she will. We'll wait and see what
choice Trunks is going to make.", he assured her.

Viviana smiled mishievously, she jumped into Goten's arms, and kissed him 
passionatly. They both fell on the floor and continued kissing.





Trunks walked through the hall, heading for his room, when he stopped in front
of Marlene and Viviana's room.
"Why am I stopping in front of their room? It's like something is pulling me
here, some strange feeling.", Trunks thought to himself.

Many images came to his mind, images of Marlene and Ryoko. Both of them were
strong, gentle, and beautiful. But Marlene has shown more love for Trunks than
Ryoko.
"Do I feel something for Marlene?.......Yeah, I do. I was supposed to be in love
with Ryoko and not with her. Now I must choose between them, but does Ryoko
love me?", she thought.

He knocked on the door.
"Come in.", said Marlene's voice from inside.
He entered the room and saw Marlene looking through the window. Marlene didn't
turn around to face him. She thought it was Viviana (again), Trunks
walked to her. He was right behind her.
"Marlene", he called in a low voice.
"Trunks?! What are you doing here?!", she said startled.
Trunks grabbed her shoulders and turned her so they could be face to face.
Trunks couldn't believe what he was seeing. Marlene's cheeks were flushed and
her eyes were wet, she had been crying. It pained him to see her like that. She
looked down, afraid to look at him.
"Marlene,........I'm sorry.", he said.
Trunks embraced her. She didn't move. He moved his hand
under her chin and lifted her face. He saw the heartbroken expression on her
face. Suddenly he felt a strange feeling in his heart. He held her tighter to
him, and he felt her heart beating against his chest. Unconciously he lifted
her face to him until their lips met. Marlene was shocked at the passionate kiss
Trunks was giving her, but then decided to kiss back, she closed her eyes and
wrapped her arms around his neck. Trunks wrapped his arms around her waist.

After about ten minutes, they broke the kiss, gasping for air. Marlene blushed again,
Trunks was still holding her. She took a deep breath and looked at him.
"Trunks, I.....I-I....", she stuttered.
"Yes?"
"I love you.", she finished.
"I love Ryoko.", he lied.
"You're lying to me, I know you are. Y u are not sure of what you're feeling.
Did you forgot that I can read your mind? You should think things over.", she
said forcing a smile.
She let go of him and shoved him to the door.
"When you decide, come and talk to me."
She closed the door behind him. She leaned over the door, with a sad look on
her face.
"Trunks.", she whispered.




Trunks entered his room and leaned over his door, with a sad look on his face.
"Marlene.", he whispered.





Washu sat in her room, looking at the floor depressed.
Ryo-ohki went into the room.
"Myaaa.", she called and hopped on her lap.
Washu stroke the little cabbit. Ryo-ohki looked at her.
"Myyaa.", she said.
"Don't worry Ryo-ohki. I doubt that Tokimi will hurt Ryoko. But she will turn
her into the monster she was 700 years ago. She'll try to kill us. You know,
this kind of reminds me when Ryoko and I started to get closer. And when she
started to call me mom, just between us, because she didn't want to say it
in froät of the others. She said that she wouldn't sound like a child in front
of everyone.", Washu said.
"Myyaa myaaa"
"It's okay, we'll get Ryoko back somehow.", she assured her.

To Be Continued............






Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Are you wondering when Ryoko's going to appear? Well, next
chapter is: The WAR Begins: 'Let the fight begin! Washu, Tsunami, and Ayeka
VS Tokimi, Trunks, Goten, Vegeta, and Goku VS Frieza and Cell, Marlene and
Viviana VS Buu, and TENCHI VS RYOKO.' Oh dear, this is exciting!"
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Don't miss it, we're almost to the best part."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "You better REVIEW, or you'll never know what happens."