Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Here's chapter 11 for ya. Enjoy!"





~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 11: Heartbroken~


     Kaori opened her eyes slowly and yawned. She got up from the bed and stretched.
"I've been asleep for two hours.", she said while taking a look at the clock. "But I 
needed that. Now I feel incredibly hungry, I'll get something to eat.

Kaori got dressed using her red shirt and blue jeans, she tied up her shoes and grabbed 
her coat. She walked down the stairs and saw Bulma still reading her book.

"Bulma, I'm going out for a while. Did something happened while I was asleep?", 
she asked her.
Bulma looked up from her book.
"Not really, just a girl that came earlier looking for another girl. If you're going 
out, be careful, the weather is bad today."
"Don't worry, I'll be fine. Bye!", she said.

On her way out she saw Vegeta eating in the kitchen. She walked to him.

"Hey Veggie, have you seen Trunks?", she said.
"No, I haven't, and don't call me that."
"Why not, your so much fun when your angry. That's why I consider you one of my best 
friends."
"You consider me as a friend?", Vegeta asked surprised.
"Sure.....Well, gotta go. Bye!", Kaori said and left the house.


Kaori walked down the street, the cold wind was blowing.
"Damn it! I'm freezing! I should've brought a hat!", she said in frustration.

Because of the cold weather, there wasn't many people on the streets. At least Kaori was 
wearing warm gloves on her hands.

Not too far from Kaori, Washu was walking her way. She was shivering from all the cold.
"Darn! I've never felt so cold in my life, this is colder than in our dimension! I'm not 
in the North Pole for God's sake!", she said frustrated.

Washu walked right passed Kaori. Kaori was so distrated from being cold and hungry, she 
didn't noticed her, however, Washu did. She stopped and looked at Kaori as she walked 
away.
"That's weird, that girl looked exactly like......., but I didn't felt......., and her 
hair and eyes are different. Am I seeing things?", Washu asked herself.

Kaori entered a small restaurant and ordered a lot of food. She hasn't eaten anything 
since breakfast.

After she finished, she payed up, and left. She decided to take a walk through the 
forest near Bulma's house, being around trees, and plants calmed her a lot, but of 
course it wasn't going to be the same since the snow covered everything.


Trunks sat on the couch next to Bulma. He was bored. Bulma told him that Kaori left to 
the city, and Trunks had nothing to do. Goten was probably out with Viviana, so there 
was only one person left to visit. The only one he could hang out with for today.

"Mom, I think I'll go visit Marlene.", he said to Bulma.
"Okay Trunks, but don't forget your jacket."
"I won't.", Trunks said as he stood up from the couch.

He flew towards Marlene and Viviana's house, and he was wearing the jacket Marlene gave 
him. When he arrived, he knocked on the door.

Marlene was in her room when she heard someone knock door, she was changing her clothes. 
Thinking it was Viviana, she said, "Come in, it's open!", while she removed her shirt.

Trunks walked in and went straight to Marlene's room.

(Saiyan Moon Goddess: "I'm going to love this.")

When he got in, he saw something that made his nose bleed a little. Marlene stood there 
wearing only underwear. Marlene turned around, and saw Trunks. They stood silent for a 
minute, too shocked to move. Then Marlene looked at herself, her face went pale, she 
pulled the bed sheets over herself, and both of them screamed at the same time.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!"

Trunks ran out of the room before Marlene could think of throwing something at him. He 
was gasping for air as his face turned red. Marlene never expected to see Trunks in her 
room, she thought it was her sister.

"He saw me.....again.", she managed to say.

Trunks was able to calm down. He was sitting in the kitchen with his head on his hands.

"Darn! Not again! This is the second time that this happens to me!", he said out loud.
Then he thought, "Even do, she looks so cute in underwear.......What?! What am I 
thinking?! I'm not a pervert!", his mind screamed.

Marlene came out of her room still blushing after what happened. She sat next to Trunks 
and forced a fake smile.
"Hi Trunks, I didn't know it was you, I thought it was Viviana."
"Don't worry about that. I was bored today, and had nothing to do, so I decided to visit 
you. I'm very sorry Marlene, that was not the first time I saw you like that.", he said 
embarrassed.
"You still remember the first time that happened?", she said.
"How could I forget? In those days you were the most stubborn girl I knew, but I guess I 
was up to me to loosen you up a bit."

*FLASHBACK* (ONE YEAR AGO)

Trunks, Bulma, Goku, Chi-Chi, Goten, and Viviana were talking in the kitchen of Marlene 
and Viviana's house. Vegeta was sitting with them, but he was quiet, Bulma made him come.

"Hey Viviana, can I use the bathroom?", Trunks asked.
"Sure, it's over there.", she pointed at the hall.

Trunks walked toward the bathroom.

Viviana and the others kept on talking until they heard two people scream at the same 
time, VERY LOUDLY.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

"What was that?!", Bulma said startled.
"Oh no!", Viviana exclaimed.
"What's wrong?", Chi-Chi said.
"I forgot Marlene was taking a bath!", she replied holding her head.
"What?!!!", they all said at the same time, even Vegeta.

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!?!!? GET OUT OF HERE RIGHT NOW!!!!!", they heard Marlene scream.
"Wait Marlene, I can explain!!!!", Trunks yelled very scared.
"EXPLAIN THIS!!!!!"
"AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!"

They heard things breaking, obviously Marlene was throwing at Trunks everything her hands 
could reach, EVERYTHING. *BAM* Something hit the wall hard and it cracked. Then they 
heard a glass break, and it was total silence.

"Poor Trunks.", Viviana said and got up from her chair.

The others followed her and stopped near the bathroom. They all stood there baffled and 
wide eyed.

Trunks was leaned to the wall with a big bump on his head, swirly eyes, and a sink over 
him. He was knocked out.

"Oh dear, I never imagined she was going to throw the sink.", Viviana said. "I'll go see 
how she is."
Viviana went inside the bathroom while the others helped Trunks.

When Viviana walked inside, there were broken things on the floor, even shampoo bottles 
and the water tube, from where the sink was before it was pulled out, was leaking gallons 
of water from it. Marlene sat in the bathtub with the soap covering her in all the right 
places, she was wide eyed, her mouth open, and she stood there like a statue.

"Marlene, are you alright?", Viviana said.

Marlene stood silent for a few seconds, then spoke.
"He saw me.......HE SAW ME!!", she yelled.
"That's great! Does that mean you're going to marry him?", Viviana asked teasingly.

In respond, Marlene's face turned crimson, and she fainted from shock.

"Marlene?"

*END FLASHBACK*

Marlene laughed, that was a very embarrassing moment they went through.

"There is something else I remember, but I don't know if you remember, because you love 
Kaori now.", she said trying not to sound sad.

Trunks looked at her confused. Marlene felt more depressed.

"Your first kiss wasn't with Kaori, and you know it.", she explained.
Trunks remembered.
"Oh, you mean........the first time I kissed you? We even dated together. I'm sorry, I 
didn't know it was going to end up like this. I really liked you."
"Like me?", she said surprised. "Is that all? You just liked me?"
"No, of course not. I......felt something else but......", he trailed off.

He didn't know what to say. Marlene was really broken now.

"It's gone. Whatever you felt is gone, maybe you never even liked me. You just wanted to 
make me more soft, making a big favor for my sister, because she asked you to do it. So 
that I would stop being the bad tempered, quiet, and stubborn girl I was. I.....I think 
is best that you leave now Trunks.", she said as tears started forming in her eyes.
"But Marlene..."
"Go away!!", she yelled.

She has never yelled to Trunks before, not like that. She turned her face away from him, 
crying. Trunks put his hand on her shoulder, but she stood up from her chair and ran to 
her room, slaming the door and almost breaking it.

Trunks looked sadly at the door of her room. He had no choice left. He left the house, 
flying back home.

To Be Continue...........





Saiyan Moon Goddess: "That was sad, I almost cried......." *sniff*

Lady Vegeta4eva: "Don't worry sis, I did cry." *she wiped her tears from her eyes*

Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Really? You're not joking?"

Lady Vegeta4eva: "No I'm not."

Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Well, for all you readers, I hope you liked this chapter. And don't 
miss the next one, because this will be the chapter that will confuse you a little. 
Chapter 12: Old Enemies, Tenchi found Ryoko! And now they are face to face, all alone.  
But she looks different than before. And what's happening on Hell?"
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Since it's Tenchi who will find Ryoko, you'll probably want us to post 
the chapter soon. Those who don't know who is Kaori and where is Ryoko will have their 
questions answered in that chapter."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "See ya at the next chapter. PLEASE REVIEW."

