Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Why did Ryoko ran away from Tenchi's house? What 
happened between Tenchi and Ryoko? Why does Ryoko hate Tenchi?
A lot of questions, only one chapter will answer them.
This chapter will ONLY show Ryoko's memory. Enjoy!"







~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 15: Mystery Revealed~


They gasped at everything they saw, they saw her memories from the 
very beginning, from the day she was created, when she was controled by Kagato, 
when she fought against Yosho and was locked in the cave, when she 
met Tenchi and the other girls, when Mayuka came, and so continued, 
until they saw a memory from not too long ago.

*MEMORY*

Sasami and Ryoko were in the kitchen. Ryoko decided to make a cake 
when everyone was sleeping, and Sasami decided to watch her. 

"Finally, it's fin´shed!", Ryoko said happily as she t´ok out the 
cake from the oven.
"That's great Ryoko! Can I help you decorate it?", Sasami said.
"Sure."

They decorated the cake with frosting, candy, and four little candy 
figures that looked like Ryoko, Tenchi, Sasami, and Ayeka. They 
smiled at their finished work.

"It's looks so cute, I bet it's going to be delicious!", Sasami said.
"Yeah, but you're going to have to wait until tomorrow, it's time for
bed.", Ryoko said tiredly but smiling.
"Okay, do you want to check on Mayuka?"
"Yeah, please put the cake on the refrigerator and meet me upstairs.", 
Ryoko said and walked out of the kitchen.

Ryoko went upstairs and when she reached Mayuka's bedroom, Sasami apppeared behind her. They entered
the room and heard Mayuka crying. 

"I knew this would happen.", Ryoko said as she approached the crib. 
She rocked Mayuka gently and sang 'The Lonely Moon', while Sasami was
watching them, smiling softly.

Mayuka stopped crying and looked up at Ryoko.

"Ma-ma.", she said.

Ryoko smiled at her, and continued singing. Mayuka soon fell asleep.
"She looks like a little angel.", Sasami said.
"She is a little angel.", Ryoko said and placed Mayuka on her crib.

Ryoko felt very tired, her cheeks were getting red and her face was 
covered in sweat. She panted feeling like she was running out of air.

"Are you okay Ryoko?", Sasami asked worried.
"Yeah, I'm fine. I'm just a little tired.", she replied.

Sasami ignored what she said and touched her forehead. It was 
burning up.

"You have a fever Ryoko. You should go and get some rest, you don't 
look so well."
"Well, now that you mention it, I do feel a little dizzy.", Ryoko 
said while holding her head.  
"Oyasumi (Good Night) Sasami."
"Oyasumi (Good Night) Ryoko."

Ryoko left the room and headed for her room when she heard the sound 
of foot steps nearby. She hid in a dark corner and waited. Then she 
saw Ayeka approaching quietly Tenchi's room. Ryoko followed her. Ayeka 
knocked on Tenchi's door and Tenchi let her in. Ryoko approached 
the door and put her ear on it to hear. Ayeka and Tenchi were talking.

"What's wrong Ayeka?", she heard Tenchi said.
"I couldn't sleep.", Ayeka replied.

They stayed silent for a while. Ryoko opened the door a little to see
them. Ayeka looked at Tenchi.

"Lord Tenchi, it has been two years seen we met, and I think I've 
waited long enough......for your decision.", she said with a pleading 
look on her face.
"Ayeka, why do you always have to force me to make a decision?", 
Tenchi asked annoyed.
"Tenchi......kiss me.", she said in a low voice.
"What?", he asked surprised.
"Kiss me.", she repeated.

She quickly grabbed Tenchi's cheek and pulled him to her, covering 
his lips with hers, kissing him softly. Ryoko was shocked and 
disgusted by what she was seeing.

After a few seconds Tenchi broke free.
"Ayeka what do you think you're doing? I haven't choose anyone yet, 
so please don't do that.", Tenchi stated.

Ryoko smiled. "I can still trust him.", she thought to herself.
She closed the door slowly and walked away, she didn't realized she 
was going the opposite way to her room, she was approaching the 
stairs instead. She couldn't see clearly, her vision was blurred by
darkness, she felt dizzy and weak, her head started to 
hurt, she moaned in pain.

And before she could noticed where she was, it was too late, she 
tripped. And she passed out. 


Ayeka was about to say something to Tenchi, but stopped when they 
both heard something hit the floor with a thump, then they heard 
other noises, like something was falling down the stairs.

"What was that?", Tenchi said.

Tenchi got up from the bed and Ayeka followed him. Tenchi went outside 
the room and looked around, he didn't see anyone. He approached the 
stairs and gasped, Ryoko's body laid on the other end of the stairs,
motionless.

"Ryoko!!", Tenchi yelled very worried.

He ran to her and turned her around to see her face, he shook her 
gently.
"Ryoko....wake up. Ryoko...."
She didn't move. Tenchi saw her flushed and sweaty face, he felt her 
forehead, it was on fire.
"Oh no, is she sick?", he asked to himself.
He picked her up and went to Washu's lab. She was always awake until 
very late.

~Two Hours Later~

Ryoko opened her eyes slowly and explored her sorroundings, she was 
in the bed of her room.
"When did I get here?", she thought.
She noticed a wet cloth on her forehead.

"Are you awake Ryoko?", she heard a familiar voice.

Ryoko looked to her right and saw Tenchi sitting on a chair beside 
the bed.
"Tenchi? What are you doing here?", she asked weakly.
"I was worried about you Ryoko. You're sick."
"I am?"
"Yeah, you even fell down the stairs, you had me so scared Ryoko.", 
Tenchi said grabbing her hand tightly. "Washu said you have the
flu, but your healing power will get rid of it in a week the most.
I just wanted to make sure you were alright."
"Thank you Tenchi."
"Go back to sleep, you need your rest."

Ryoko smiled, she closed her eyes, and fell asleep.

~The Next Day~

Ryoko still felt sick. Tenchi had made her stay in her room all day 
and he would bring her food. But she was determined to show 
her cake to the others herself. Dinner was almost ready, Ryoko took
out the cake from the refrigerator, everyone were at the table ready 
to eat, Ryoko placed the cake on the table in front of the tv.

"There, this is a good place.", she said still feeling weak.

Just then, Ayeka stepped into the room and saw the cake.

"Ryoko, what are you up to this time? What is that cake for?!", Ayeka
asked sarcasticly.
"It's just a little dessert after dinner you noisy princess.", Ryoko 
said crossing her arms. "And I know Tenchi will like it."
"Tenchi? Oh, I know what you're doing, you're trying to poison him 
with that cake. Well, I won't let you do it.", Ayeka stated.
"Stop saying so much nonsense Ayeka, I did make it, but there's 
nothing wrong with it. You're just jealous you didn't thought about it." 
"You're lying! Azaka! Kamidake!", Ayeka called and the guardians 
appeared. "Destroy that cake!"

The guardians were ready to fire, Ryoko stood in front of the table.
"Don't you dare touch it, or else.", Ryoko threatened angrily.

Ayeka saw her flushed face, she was starting to sweat again. Ayeka 
chuckled.
"Sorry Ryoko, Tenchi told me not to fight you because you are sick.",
Ayeka said.
"Since when would you care about that?", Ryoko said sarcasticly.
"You're right, I don't. Kamidake!", Ayeka ordered.

Kamidake disappeared and reappeared behind the table, Ryoko turned 
around to stop him but it was too late, Kamidake fired, and the cake blew 
up, it was all over the floor, and the table.

"I'm sorry Ryoko, but I can't disobey the princess.", the guardian 
apologized.

Ryoko was more than shocked, all the trouble and sacrifice she did 
to do that cake for nothing. A single tear ran down her cheek. 
Then her sadness was replaced by anger, she clinched her fists,
and turned around to face Ayeka.

"You just don't know how much I worked to make that cake! You never 
appreciate the things I do!", Ryoko yelled. "You're going to pay 
for this! And if your guardians interfere, then that means
you're nothing but a coward!"
"Oh yeah? I'll show you! I can beat you even without using my powers!", 
Ayeka yelled back.
"We'll see about that!", Ryoko then charged at Ayeka and she fell to 
the floor with Ryoko on top of her. She punched her in the face hard, 
even when she was sick, she could still use her incredible strength. 
Ayeka punched and kicked her too, but her strength was no 
match to Ryoko's. The guardians could only stand in a corner 
watching the dog pile, unable to do anything unless Ayeka said so. 
Ryoko was winning.

The others were already eating dinner, and were wondering where 
Ayeka could be. (Ryoko eats in her room because she's sick)


Ryoko and Ayeka continued to fight, until Tenchi appeared, and 
approached them. He looked angry, he seperated them by pushing Ryoko 
off Ayeka. Ryoko hit the floor hard. Since when did Tenchi had
so much strength?

"Ouch!", Ryoko whined rubbing her head.

She looked up to see Tenchi glaring at her, Ayeka right behind him. 
Ayeka thought he was going to scold her for fighting Ryoko, but he was 
glaring at Ryoko. Ryoko stood up.

"Ryoko! Why do you keep fighting Ayeka?! How many times must I tell 
you not to provoke her?!", Tenchi yelled angrily.
"I didn't provoke her Tenchi! She-", Ryoko said but was cut off 
by Tenchi.
"Shut up!! I don't to hear your stupid excuses! You're coming with me!"

Tenchi grabbed her hand roughly and dragged her to his room, with 
Ryoko yelling in pain all the way.
Ayeka followed them, wondering what was happening.

"Tenchi, what are you doing? Let go! You're hurting me!", Ryoko yelled.

Tenchi entered his room dragging Ryoko inside. Ayeka peek through 
the door. Tenchi let go of Ryoko and glared at her.

"Tenchi, you didn't have to do that. You didn't even let me explain!",
Ryoko yelled rubbing her wrist.
"SHUT UP!! I've had it with you, Ayeka was right, you nothing but a 
demon, a heartless monster! The only thing you do is fight with 
others and drive me crazy! You always get on my nerves! You're not
even a woman, you're a THING, a stupid experiment Washu made!"

Ryoko was shocked, Tenchi has never said that before, and not only 
that, he was saying it with such anger and hate at the tone of his 
voice that it sent shivers through her whole body. When he called her
a 'thing', it was worse than Kagato's sword through her chest.

"Tenchi.....I...I--", she tried to say but again was cut off, this 
time by a hard slap on her cheek.

Ryoko tumbled, holding her red cheek in total shock. She turned her 
head slowly and looked at Tenchi.

"Tenchi?", she managed to say.
"I hate you! I HATE YOU RYOKO!!", he yelled. "You disgust me, you 
ugly demon space pirate! I want you out of my house right now bitch, 
you're not welcome here, you never were!"

Ryoko never felt so horrible in her entire life, this was worse than 
when she was under Kagato's control. Tenchi said he hated her, her 
heart was ripped off her chest and broken into pieces. She
felt more than ill, his words were hurting her entire body and soul. 
She slowly stood up. The suddenly, Tenchi took out Tenchi-ken.

"This is something I should've done a long time ago.", Tenchi said as
he approached her.
"Tenchi, what are you going to do?", she said in a weak voice.
"Since you're sick, I think I'll give you a sporting chance, I won't 
use the blade.", Tenchi replied with a grin.
"Tenchi....don't.", she whispered weakly.

Tenchi quickly pressed Tenchi-ken against Ryoko's body. Ryoko 
screamed in pain as the sword electrocuted her.
After a few seconds, Tenchi pulled back the sword. Ryoko almost fell 
to the floor again.

"Did you like that?", Tenchi asked smirking. Ryoko didn't answer, she was gasping for air. And was
leaned to the wall for support, her legs screaming at her to fall
down.
"Well, let's try it again."
Tenchi pressed the sword against body her again. She screamed loudly.
When Tenchi pulled back again, Ryoko fell to the floor, Tenchi was 
about to strike her again, but she found enough strength to 
kick the sword out of his hand. 
Tenchi then grabbed her by the neck, pining her to the wall. Tenchi 
squeezed her neck, choking her.
She tried to remove Tenchi's hands from her neck, but it was useless,
Tenchi had a firm grasp on her. She felt weak again, her strength was
leaving her. 

"Tenchi.....stop....please.....you're hurting me.", she choked out 
softly in pain.

Ayeka stood on the door in shock, she would probably enjoy this, but 
Tenchi never behaves like that.
She stayed silent and motionless with her mouth open.

"Tenchi you're hurting me!!", Ryoko said out loud.

She sobbed, tears streaming down her cheeks uncontrollably. In a last
attempt to save herself, Ryoko kneed Tenchi in the stomach as hard 
as she could. Tenchi released her and fell on his knees holding 
his stomach in pain. Ryoko also fell on her knees, holding her neck, 
and coughing violently.

Ayeka went to Tenchi's side.
"Lord Tenchi, are you alright?", she said worried.
"Ryoko, you bitch.", he mumbled.
Ayeka heard him and glared at Ryoko.
"Are you satisfied, you monster woman?!", she yelled angrily. "How 
dare you hurt Tenchi? I'll never forgive you for this! Why don't you 
just leave and never return? You heard Lord Tenchi, you're not
welcome here, and you never were!"

Ryoko couldn't stop the tears from leaving her eyes, she stood up 
and ran away from them, and entered her room. As soon as she went 
in, her legs gave up on her, and she fell to the floor exhausted,
and crying. She felt awfully weak. 

When she regained control over herself, she got to her feet, almost 
falling down again, and walked toward a drawer. She opened it 
and took out a long, dark red hair wig. Then she heard someone speak
in her mind, it was Washu. Ryoko quickly wiped off her tears with 
the back of her hand before Washu could notice.

*Ryoko, please come to my lab, I have something to show you my dear. 
And don't worry, I won't
do anything to you.*, Washu said through their link.
*I'm coming.*, Ryoko replied.

Ryoko opened her wardrobe and took out a green and pink dress, the 
same one she was wearing when she met Tenchi (OVA series), and put 
it on. She then headed for Washu's lab.

She entered Washu's lab hiding the wig. She walked to the center of 
the lab and found Washu in front of a table, looking at a 
small box in front of her.

"What do you want me for Washu?", Ryoko asked.
"I just want you to be the first person to see my new creations. 
Look at this."

Washu opened the box that had a crab mark on it, and inside there 
were two green contact lenses
with a bottle of some kind of clear liquid beside them.
"What are those?", Ryoko said.
"These contact lenses are very special, they can block any signal. If you try them on, our link
would be temporarily blocked. And they're green to match my eyes!"
"That's great Washu.", Ryoko said a little surprised.
"I know, but this invention is not such a big deal. There is something more important I want to
show you."

Washu walked away, and when she wasn't looking, Ryoko grabbed the box from the table, and hid it,
thinking it could be useful. She followed Washu.

Washu sat down on her chair and her computer appeared, she started typing on it.

"So, what's your other invention?", Ryoko asked starting to get interested.
"It's right here."

Washu continued typing until a white hole appeared ten feet away from them.
"What's that?", Ryoko was really surprised now.
"This is a dimensional portal. I opened it a few days ago, it can transport anyone or anything
to another dimension. I still have to find out what dimension exactly, because it only goes to
one. After someone goes through it, it will disappear, I've got to find a way to keep it open.
Otherwise when I go through it, I could get lost in the other dimension forever."

Ryoko felt weak again, she didn't noticed she was crying again. Washu saw her face.
"What's wrong Ryoko?", Washu asked worried.

Ryoko remembered Tenchi's words of anger and hate. They rang in her head.

*You disgust me, you ugly demon space pirate! I hate you! I want you out of my house right now bitch,
you're not welcome here, you never were!*

She clinched her fists tightly. She wanted start her life over from the biginning, a life without
Tenchi, without Ayeka, a life nobody could ruin. And that portal was an entrance to a new life.
She would be a totally different person, with a normal life. She was willing to take it. 

"Ryoko?", Washu said.

Ryoko didn't answer, she ran toward the portal. Washu quickly ran in front of her.
"Where do you think you're going Ryoko? You can't use the portal."
"Get out of my way.", she whispered softly, sobbing.
"Ryoko, what's wrong with you? What happened?"

Ryoko ignored what she said and pushed her out of her way, then she powered a big energy ball and
fired it at her. Washu was so surprised by her attack, she didn't have time to avoid it. The ball
exploted taking a big part of the lab with it. When the smoke cleared, Washu opened her eyes, and
found herself under a pile of rubble. She tried to get up, but found out she couldn't. She
looked up and saw Ryoko running toward the portal again.
"Ryoko wait, it's still experimental!", she called her trying to get up again.

Ryoko didn't listen, she continued to run, still crying. She disappears into the portal and the 
portal disappears with her. The last thing she heard was Washu screaming her name.

Ryoko was being sucked through the black empty space that surrounded her. She was going so fast
she had to half close her eyes because of the air preasure.
Ryoko later saw  something on the end of what she thought was a neverending tunel, an exit. She
was sucked into it.


Ryoko opened her eyes when she felt the wind hitting her face, and 
found herself about thirty feet above the ground. She
gasped. Unfortunately she was too weak to fly, she fell.

The impact was hard for her, she hit the floor with a loud thump.


She opened her eyes and looked up, she saw a tree, she crawled to it,
and sat resting her back on it. Her whole body was screaming in pain.

"Ugh! Where.....am I?", Ryoko asked herself while looking around. 
"Wherever it is, is better than being where I was..............Time 
to change my appearance."

Ryoko took out her wig, she gathered up her hair as much as she 
could, and she put her wig on.
She took out the small box she stole from Washu and opened it, then 
she put on the contact lenses. She closed the box and put it away.

"There.....From now on.....my name will be.....Kaori.", Ryoko 
started to cry again, she lay down in front of the tree and cried 
herself to sleep. When she woke up, she would start a new life.

*END MEMORY*

To be Continued...........





Saiyan Moon Goddess: "And that's the end for this chapter. Next one is: 
The Gems' Origin: 'Ryoko finds out about Washu's past and the origin 
of her gems.' "

Lady Vegeta4eva: "Ryoko's in danger. This is when the story starts to 
really get interesting. Please don't miss it."

Saiyan Moon Goddess: "I think I exaggerated with Tenchi's attitude 
toward Ryoko, but I wanted to make it as cruel as possible. Now you 
know why Ryoko hates Tenchi. There is only one question remaining refering to this
mystery (not counting the romance), 'What does Tokimi have to do 
with all of this?' That question will be answered in the next 
chapter. So what do you think? Did you like this chapter? REVIEW!!"


