Saiyan Moon Goddess: Someone said that Kaori is Ryoko..... If that is what you think about their 
relation, that's your opinion. I have mine. And to answer the question of T/R, you'll have to 
find out by yourselfs if it is a Tenchi/Ryoko, or Trunks/Ryoko. If you can't guess, then 
you'll have to wait until I write the chapter that reveals everything. Don't worry, I
won't disappoint the readers of my fic.








~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 2: The Mysterious but Beautiful Girl~


   In Washu's lab, Tenchi and Ayeka were standing behind Washu, who was typing on her computer.
"Have you found out anything yet Washu?", Tenchi asked.
"It's not as easy as it looks, I created that portal for a person to go through it and
go to another dimension, but I never found out which dimension exactly. I can't locate
her anywhere, and my mental link with her is useless because she's so far away."
Tenchi sighed."I still don't get. Why did Ryoko disappeared?"
"She ran away.", Washu corrected, "But I don't know why, because she made me promise 
her I wouldn't read her mind. Do you know what happened Tenchi?"
"No.", he said.
Washu looked at Ayeka. "Don't look at me Miss Washu, I don't know either.", Ayeka said 
to her, not sounding the least bit worried.
Washu turned her atention back to her computer, not believing what Ayeka said.
"I'll keep searching for her, as soon as I finish I'll create another portal and I'll go
to her. The portal I create will not close when I go in, I'll find a way to open it
whenever I want."
"Okay Miss Washu, see you at dinner then.", Ayeka said and left the lab.
Tenchi stayed behind Washu, waiting for her to find Ryoko.
"You should go too Tenchi, this will take long.", she said without looking at him. Tenchi
nodded. "Alright, if you're not coming to dinner I'll bring your food in a tray."
Tenchi left the half destroyed lab, leaving Washu alone.
"I know Ayeka is lying. I have to bring Ryoko back, then this problem will be solved.", she
said to herself still typing on her computer.


    Kaori drank down all the juice in a few seconds.
"You look like you haven't drink anything all day.", Trunks said to her.
"I haven't drink anything all day.", she replied.
Trunks look the glass and placed it on the table.
"Well, Kaori, since you're going to stay, you have to meet all our friends, you'll like
them a lot."
"I'm sure I will.", she said smiling.
"Mom and I will talk to them and when you get better you can meet them."
"Alright, I bet you have a lot of friends."
"I do."
Kaori was feeling very happy, she was going to meet many friends, she wanted to know 
about them and learn more about Trunks. 
"You should get some rest, it's 9:00 o' clock already. I'm going to sleep too."
Trunks got up from the chair to leave but Kaori stopped him.
"Wait Trunks, I want you to tell me more about your family."
Trunks sat down on the chair again.
"Well, is a little hard to explain. My mother is very stubborn and has a bad temper sometimes.
Her name is Bulma, and she's not a good cook. I have a little sister, five years old, her name 
is Bra. She likes to shop and gets anything she wants from dad. She looks exactly like mom......
...And dad, he's arrogant, stubborn, proud.....*chuckle* But I admire him a lot. He's the
second strongest guy on the planet. He's always training in the gravity room day and night.
Mom gets annoyed because of his bad attitude."
Kaori chuckled. Trunks looked at her confused. "What's so funny?", he asked.
Kaori stopped laughing and looked at him. "I think your father reminds me of myself."
"How come?"
"I'll tell you when the right time comes."
Kaori slowly closed her eyes and fell asleep. Trunks didn't understand what she meant by that, he
decided to forget about it. With his right hand he caressed her dark red hair.
"Good night Kaori.", he said softly. He got up from the chair and left the room turning off the 
lights.

        ~The Next Day~

   Trunks talked to Goten and the others as soon as he could. The news about Kaori's arrival was 
passed to everyone. As soon as he heard the news, Goten flew quickly to Capsule Corp., he was
excited to meet Kaori. He was also curious abour how Trunks described her beauty. He was lead to 
believe that she was breathtakingly beautiful.

   Trunks was walking up stairs with a tray. He went to Kaori's room and opened the door. When
he entered the room he saw the bed empty.
"Not again", he sighed. "Where did she go this time?"
He placed the tray on the table next to the bed. Suddenly he started to hear moaning sounds 
coming from the bathroom (remember Kaori is still sick).
"Oh, now I know where she is.", Trunks said staring at the bathroom door. Kaori exited the 
bathroom. She sighed deeply and saw Trunks next to the bed.
"Are you alright?", he asked when he saw her covering her mouth.
"I'm fine. Now that my stomach is empty, I think I can have breakfast."
She sat on the chair and started eating from the tray. She didn't want to eat on the bed because
it was much easier to eat on the table. Trunks was about to leave the room to eat breakfast when 
Bulma came in.
"Hey Trunks, guess who came to visit. It's Goten."
Hearing his best friend's name, Trunks quickly left the room giving his mother a kiss on the 
cheek.  

    Trunks ran down the stairs and entered the hall where Goten waited for him.
"Hey Goten, what brings you here?", Trunks said greeting his friend.
"Hi Trunks, I wanted to meet that beautiful girl you talked about."
Trunks sighed, putting his hand on his head. "You never change. When are you going to stop 
thinking about girls? Besides, you know you already have Viviana."
"Oh come on Trunks, just let me see her, please?", Goten said as innocently as he could.
Trunks sweatdropped seeing the pathetic look that Goten had on his face.
"Alright, let's go."
Trunks walked upstairs with Goten following him. When they approached Kaori's room, Bulma came
out with an empty tray on her hands.
"If you want to see Kaori, she just finished eating. I'm taking this to the kitchen."
Bulma walked down the hall while Trunks and Goten went into Kaori's room. They saw Kaori sitting
 in front of the window, she was enjoying the view of the city. She was amazed at how big it
was.
"Wow, I'd never seen so many big buildings all together in one place. At least, it's been years
since I saw something like this.", she thought to herself.
"Kaori.", Trunks called. Kaori got startled when her thoughts were suddenly interrupted by 
Trunks' voice. She stood up still feeling sick, and turned around to see Trunks and another guy
next to him.

   Goten saw her and froze. She was breathtakingly beautiful, or at least, his breath was
taken away. Her long, dark red hair was loose behind her shoulders like a flowing cascade of
blood with two long locks in front of her ears, and her green eyes were shining like two 
beautiful emeralds. He was shocked and speechless. Kaori looked at him confused.
"Hi Trunks. Who's your friend?......um.....Why is he looking at me like that?"
Trunks looked at Goten and saw his shocked expression. He got annoyed by that and slapped him
 on the back of his head.
"Goten, would you stop that?! You're scaring her!"
Kaori giggled."When you guys act like that you remind me of two friends I had that behaved the
same way."
Goten rubbed the back of his head shamefully. "Sorry I acted so stupid, but I'm a little....."
"....Girl crazy.", Trunks finished for him.
Ignoring what Trunks said, Goten continued, "My name is Goten, pleased to meet you." He extended
his hand.
"I'm Kaori, pleased to meet you too." She extended her hand. Instead of shaking hands, Goten
grabbed her hand and kissed it softly.
Trunks grabbed Goten by his ear and whispered to him, "Now Goten, don't you dare try to win her
heart, because you already have one, and because you'll regret the day you first saw her. Got
it?"
"Ouch, I wasn't going to.", he whispered back.
Trunks let him go and looked at Kaori.
"So Kaori, are you feeling any better?"
"A little, I still feel dizzy and sometimes is hard to stand up." She sat on the bed.
"Goten, please do me a favor and find my mom, tell her to bring Kaori's medicine."
Trunks shoved Goten to the door. "Alright, I'm going already." Goten left the room, leaving
Trunks and Kaori alone.
Trunks looked at Kaori and saw her with her head down with a sad look on her face, obviously
thinking of something else. Trunks sat beside her and put his arm around her shoulder pulling her
closer, she turned her atention to him.
"What's wrong Kaori? Are you okay?"
Kaori looked at him directly into his blue eyes and was speechless. Before she could answer, 
Trunks embraced her in a hug, realizing she was very sad. Kaori was stunned, and didn't say a
word, then unconsciously she hugged him back. They stayed like that until Goten and Bulma
got into the room, they saw them hugging each other. Bulma smiled mischievously.
"Are we interrupting something?"
Trunks and Kaori quickly broke the embrace and blushed lightly.
"W-We were just....um.....I mean....", Trunks tried to talk but he was stuttering. Kaori didn't
say a word. Goten laughed out loud. Bulma also laughed and walked to them.
"It's alright Trunks, you don't have to stutter, it's just that, it amazed me to see you hugging
a girl, you're usually very shy with women."
Trunks tried not to show his embarrasment to his mother. He looked away still blushing.
Bulma turned her atention to Kaori. "Come on Kaori, time for your medicine." She walked towards 
her, and Goten looked at Trunks. He sighed and said, "I have a feeling this is going to be a
loooong summer vacation."

           
                                     ~A Week Later~


   Kaori was finally rid of the flu, she felt a lot better than before. Trunks then decided to
call everyone and tell them to come to his house to meet Kaori. The Son family, Krillin's family,
and Master Roshi were there. Trunks entered Kaori's room and saw her brushing her long hair
 in front of her mirror. She had already taken a bath and dressed up. When she heard the door
 open she turned around to see Trunks looking at her with a smile.
"Everyone is here, time for your presentation Kaori.", he told her. Kaori put the brush on the
 table and walked toward him.
"I'm ready.", she said a little nervous.
She was wondering if Trunks' friends would accept her. Trunks took her hand.
"Then let's go."

   When they arrived at the hall, everyone looked at Kaori, and gasped at the sight of the 
beautiful young girl. She was wearing a blue dress that went to her knees, sparkling blue 
earrings in her ears, and she was trying to smile.
"Everyone meet Kaori.", Trunks announced.
"Hi.", she said in a low voice.
Everyone smiled at her and presented each other. Goku was the first one.
"Hi, I'm Goku, this is my wife Chi-Chi and my two sons Gohan and Goten." Chi-Chi, Gohan, and 
Goten nodded respecfully. Gohan was next.
"I'm Gohan, this is my wife Videl and my daughter Pan." Pan laughed playfully from Videl's lap.
Krillin stood up.
"I'm Krillin, my wife 18 and my daughter Marron."
"And I'm Master Roshi.", Roshi said drooling.
Kaori smiled at them. It looked like everyone was already accepting her. Soon, a conversation
started. It lasted all morning. Talking and talking, but when somebody asked about Kaori's 
past, she didn't said a thing. She only said that her past was horrible and she didn't want to
talk about it. How horrible could it be?


To Be Continued..........





Saiyan Moon Goddess: Hey there, did you like it? The next chapter has little sweet part between 
Kaori and Trunks. So tell me what you think.
Lady Vegeta4eva: I'm impressed sis, you created Kaori and now you're pairing her with Trunks??
I thought you liked Trunks.
Saiyan Moon Goddess: Of course I do.
Lady Vegeta4eva:*teasing* Then why are you placing her with Trunks?
Saiyan Moon Goddess: SHUT UP!!!! OR I'LL PAIR HER WITH VEGETA!!!!
Lady Vegeta4eva: DON'T YOU DARE!!!!!
Saiyan Moon Goddess: Then stop teasing me, you know what happens next.......*ahem*.......Like
I said, please tell me your comments of the story. See ya!