Saiyan Moon Goddess: "I know that Tokimi doesn't have to be evil, but I
want her to be evil in my story, so please understand."






~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 17: The Gems are Gone!!!!!!~


In the house, Sasami and Ayeka were in the kitchen, Ayeka was helping 
Sasami to wash the dishes. Mihoshi and Kiyone were watching television, 
and Tenchi was in his room, thinking. Tenchi remembered what Ayeka 
told him. Even when he didn't remember what he did, he felt terribly 
guilty, and he was wooried about Ryoko.

Suddenly he heard a knock on the door, and he got up to answer it. 
When he opened the door, he was shocked to see who it was.

"Ryoko, you're here!", he said surprised.

Ryoko was glaring at him.

"Are you still acting like you didn't do anything?", she said annoyed.
"I'm sorry Ryoko.", Tenchi said feeling worried again and looking at 
the floor. "I still don't remember what I did, I really don't, 
but Ayeka told me all about it. I don't understand how I
could've done such a thing to you. I can't undo what I've done and I don't 
deserve your forgiveness, but if there is anyway to repay you for what I 
did, just tell me, I'll do anything."
"There is a way.........I want my gems back Tenchi, right now.", Ryoko stated.

Tenchi was surprised at first.
"The remaining two?"
Ryoko nodded.
"I'll do anything for you Ryoko.", Tenchi said and smiled.

Tenchi went to a drawer and took out Tenchi-ken from it. He approached Ryoko.

"Just pray for the gems to return to you, right?", Tenchi said pointing Tenchi-ken toward Ryoko.
Ryoko nodded. Tenchi started to pray as Ryoko extended her arms in front of her.
Ryoko's left wrist gem began to glow, the gems on Tenchi-ken glowed too.

When the gems stopped glowing, Tenchi looked at Tenchi-ken, the gems were gone, he looked at
Ryoko, there was a gem on her right wrist, and one on her neck.

Ryoko looked at right wrist and touched her neck.

"There. Your gems have been returned Ryoko.", Tenchi said.

After Ryoko was sure her gems were back, she smirked. She almost looked like Vegeta with that
smirk.
"Thank you Tenchi, now I'll make you pay for everything you've done.", Ryoko said as her eyes
glowed red.
"Huh? Those eyes.", Tenchi said in confusion and shock.





"There's the house! Hurry!", Washu yelled as they approached the house. "If Tokimi has Ryoko, then
Tenchi is in danger.", she thought.

They took the fast way to Tenchi's room, the window. They broke it open.

"Tenchi!", Washu yelled as they entered the room.

They gasped, Tenchi was on the floor using Tenchi-ken to stop Ryoko from cutting his head off.
Her sword was almost touching his throat, Ryoko's eyes glowed red. 
Ryoko didn't noticed their presence until Washu yelled, "Ryoko stop!"
Ryoko looked their direction, Tenchi used that opportunity and pushed Ryoko off him. She hit
the wall and her sword disappeared.

"Ryoko what are you doing?!", Trunks said.

Ignoring what he said, she rubbed her head, and slowly got up to her feet. She glared at them.

"Hmph. I wanted to take care of Tenchi by myself, but now I'm going to have to join Tokimi at the
city. See ya later.", with that Ryoko smirked, and disappeared.
"The city? Oh no.", Washu said. "They are going to attack the city!"

She went to Tenchi and helped him to his feet.
"Are you alright Tenchi?"
"Yeah, I'm fine."
"Tenchi, I want to ask you something. Did you gave Ryoko her gems back?"
"Yes, and then she tried to kill me."
"Darn, that means the whole planet is in danger."
"I think there are a few things you haven't told us Washu.", Trunks said.
"I know, and now is the time to tell you all the truth."

Washu gathered up in the living room with the guys and the other girls. She began to tell her
story.

(Saiyan Moon Goddess: "She tells the same story Tokimi said, but with a few differences.")

"Well, is like this. I'm really a Goddess, or was anyway. Tsunami and Tokimi are my sisters. We
were the three Goddesses that created the universe. Tsunami and me retired from our positions.
Tsunami went to the royal space tree in Jurai, and I passed a great part of my power into
Ryoko's gems. The power I have now is nothing compare to what I was."
"Little Washu, if what you say is true, then why didn't you tell us before?", Tenchi said. 
"And what does Tokimi want with Ryoko?", Trunks said.
"When I became a mortal like you guys, I lost all memory from my Goddess life. Tsunami is the
one who returned them to me. Right now I can power up to my Goddess form, but I wouldn't be as
powerful as before, and is very difficult. Remember when Dr. Clay kidnapped Ryoko to get me? Tokimi
sent him, because she wanted to talk to me and convince me to go back home, but later she discovered
that I became a mortal, and decided to change her plans. She went after Ryoko instead. Now that
Ryoko has all three gems, she can create Light Hawk Wings just like Tenchi, except hers will
be more powerful,........and she can become a Goddess herself. That's why Tokimi wants her. And
she used Tenchi and my dimensional portal to lure her to this dimension, away from us."
"You mean...", Tenchi started.
"That's right, you don't remember when you attacked Ryoko because Tokimi was controling you, it wasn't
you fault Tenchi."
"And what is she planing to do with Ryoko?", Trunks said.
"Tsunami and I left our position as Goddesses for a reason, Tokimi wanted to use her powers to
destroy the universe, and wanted us to be by her side. We refused and because of her evil intentions,
her Goddess powers were removed. Then Tsunami and I abandoned her. Now after so many years she
somehow found a way to have her powers back. And she's going to use Ryoko to destroy us all.",
Washu stated. "We have to find her before Ryoko turns into a Goddess, otherwise we won't be able
to stop her. Since Ryoko is my daughter, she's a demi-Goddess, so she has powers of her own
but don't know how to control them. If she combines that power with the gems she could be the most
powerful Goddess of the whole universe. Her power would be infinite, the power do anything,........
the power to be immortal."

That last part was the one that shocked them the most. They all stood silent, thinking what to do.
Then Trunks, Vegeta, Goku, and Goten felt something that led them out of their thoughts.

"What is that?!", Vegeta said out loud.
"It's the same ki levels we felt earlier, they're at the city!", Trunks said.






Meanwhile, deep in the forest, Marlene and Viviana were fighting. They chose to fight in the
woods because they were fighting at intense power, and they could've destroy their house if
they fought there. Both of them in their SSJ forms. Viviana was really worried about Marlene, she
was training more viciously than she normally does. She looked so angry on the outside, like she
wanted to kill someone. Viviana knew her sister too much, on the inside she was as fragile as glass, 
and sad, like she wanted to kill herself. They have been fighting for hours without resting, 
both of them were exhausted.

"Marlene that's enough, let's stop for today!", Viviana said as she blocked another punch from her
sister.
"No, let's keep going! We haven't finish yet!", Marlene replied and continued to attack Viviana, 
but inside her head she was thinking, "I know that what Ryoko told me was the
truth, but I'm still not sure what to do about Trunks."

Viviana blocked and evaded her attacks. She quickly kicked her on her side and she fell to the cold
ground, motionless, droping out of SSJ form. Viviana also changed back and fell to the ground, 
gasping for air.
Marlene turned around to look upward, gasping for air as well. They were sweating a lot.
After catching her breath, Viviana sat up.

"Marlene, what is bothering you? You never become so vicious when we are training.", Viviana said
to her blonde sister.
"Nothing is bothering me.", Marlene replied as she sat up.
"Don't lie to me! I know that something is bothering you!", Viviana snapped at her.
"Well, I-", Marlene was about to answer, but was interrupted when they both felt an
incredible power.
"What in the world is that?", said Viviana.
"Is coming from the city. We should check it out.", Marlene stated.
"Let's go.", they said at the same time.

They flew off, toward the city.







"That's it Ryoko, you're doing fine. Just keep concentrating, it is almost at your reach.", said
Tokimi's voice in Ryoko's head.

Ryoko was standing in dark empty space, alone. She had her eyes closed and a white aura
was surounding her body, she was concentrating on something.
She heard Tokimi's voice in her mind again, "Keep it up, soon you'll be ready."

To Be Continued..........






Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Interesting, isn't it? I'm sorry for making it a little  
short. Next chapter is: No Need For Waiting: 'Tenchi tries to
clear his doubts while Trunks converses with Marlene.' "
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Don't miss it."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "And REVIEW."