Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Hi there, welcome to the new chapter. I have a message for the one who thought
that Kaori sounded like she was ugly. Kaori is NOT ugly. I have a picture of her but unfortunately
I can't show it off. Someone told me I needed a scanner to put it on my computer and I don't have
one."*Hangs her head sadly*
Lady Vegeta4eva: "What's wrong sis?"
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "It's just that almost nobody is reviewing my story, now I don't know if I should continue it."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "What are you talking about? It was your dream to have this story on internet. Just
because people aren't reviewing doesn't mean that you should give up. You have hardly started and besides
you haven't wrote the best chapters yet. So don't tell me you're giving up. That's not the sister I know."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "You're right sis. I won't give up, look out crossver fans, because I'm coming!!!!!!!"
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Now that's what I'm talking about!!!!!!."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Let the story continue!!!!!!!!"







~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 4: Kaori's Secret Powers~


Tenchi was sleeping peacefully in his room, when he suddenly heard a loud cry coming from
outside. He opened his eyes, sat on the bed, and yawned.
"What is that?", he said while rubbing his eyes. "Sounds like Mayuka."
He stood up from the bed and walked to the door. He went to Mayuka's room and saw her crying.
He picked her up and the loud crying stopped but she was still sobbing. He hugged her.
"What's wrong Mayuka?"
"Ma-ma.", she replied in a low voice.
"What?", he asked confused.

"She misses her mummy."

Tenchi turned around to see Washu standing behind him and staring at him.
"I still haven't found Ryoko. The number of dimensions that exist is infinite. It could take me
years to find her. And Mayuka needs her."
Tenchi looked down at the sobbing baby in his arms, his little Mayuka. Then he turned his atention
back to Washu.
"Keep searching Washu, she's out there somewhere......And Mayuka is not the only one who needs
her."
"Okay.", she said while smiling sweetly. She left the room leaving Tenchi and Mayuka alone.
Tenchi rocked Mayuka in his arms, calming her. She stopped crying and looked at him with her red 
eyes. 
"Don't worry Mayuka, your mummy will be back soon."
Mayuka didn't understand what her 'daddy' said, she fell into a deep sleep in his arms.

Tenchi put the sleeping Mayuka gently back into her crib after giving her a small kiss on her forehead.
Tenchi walked back to his room, he sat on the bed and opened one of his drawers. He grabbed a picture
he found inside and looked at it sadly. It was a picture of Ryoko hugging him and Mayuka on Mayuka's
first birthday, they were all wearing party hats. Ryoko usually gets drunk at parties, but ever since
Mayuka came, she stopped drinking. She looked so happy.
He put the picture back into the drawer and closed it. Then he lay down on the bed and fell asleep.

~The Next Morning~

Kaori was walking around the house, looking for Pan and Bra. Bulma and Trunks had already left
to work, Vegeta was in the gravity room, and now she was playing hide-and-seek with the little girls.
The house was full of places to hide so the game was going to last.
"Where could they be hiding?", Kaori asked herself.
She heard a low giggle coming from one of the rooms. Her sensitive ears helped a lot.
"Gotcha!", her mind told her.
She entered a room, Trunks' room. It was the first time she ever entered that room. She then remembered
when Trunks told her about all the adventures and dangers his friends went through so many years ago
to save the planet, when he was 8 years old, he was able to help.
Kaori heard another small giggle coming from the wardrobe. She opened it and found Pan and Bra.
The two kids were startled to see that Kaori found them, but they had to admit their loss. Or not?
"Ha, I found you!", Kaori said in victory, "You shouldn't hide in Trunks' closet."
Pan and Bra ran out of the closet laughing before Kaori could grab them. They left the room and ran
through the hall with Kaori behind them.
"You won't get away that easily!", Kaori yelled.
She was truely enjoying herself. She ran faster, trying to catch up.
Pan and Bra ran into a door in the end of the hall. They opened it and went inside the room, not knowing
that they entered the gravity room!
Inside the room, they saw Vegeta meditating in a corner of the room. Apparently the gravity machine
was off. Silently they hid behind the gravity machine, so they wouldn't disturb Vegeta's meditation.
At that moment, Kaori went inside the room.
Kaori saw Vegeta and stayed quiet. She closed the door and locked it, so the kids couldn't get out,
and started searching.
While Kaori was walking around, Pan and Bra came out from their hiding place and they crawled
to the door. When they tried to open the door, it didn't open. It was locked.
"Oh no, we're traped.", Bra whispered.
"What are we going to do now?", Pan asked.

"You are coming with me."

Pan and Bra looked behind them and saw Kaori smiling back at them.
"You can't get away this time."
Pan and Bra ran away from her, the gravity room was still a big place. Kaori ran after them,
but stopped when she reached the gravity machine.
"This gives me a great idea.", she told herself while turning on the machine.
The gravity increased and Pan and Bra were pined to the floor, unable to move. Kaori put enough gravity
to stop them without hurting them, it wasn't too high, so she could stand up? She was walking with
no problem, she knelt down beside Pan and Bra.
"Do you give up?"
"Yes.", they answered together.

"What are you doing in here?!"

Kaori looked up and saw a very angry Vegeta.

Vegeta saw Pan and Bra on the floor, and Kaori was still standing.
"Why is she standing? The gravity machine is on!", he thought to himself with his atention to the
machine panel, it readed 50g.

Kaori stared at him, Vegeta was about six inches shorter than her, of course, his hair almost made up for
that, ALMOST. Vegeta was staring at her.
"I'm so sorry, I didn't want to interrupt your training, I was just looking for these two. We will
leave then....", she started.
"How?", he interrupted her.
"Huh? How what?", she asked confused.
"How can you stand up when the gravity is 50 times stronger than the Earth's normal gravity? No normal
human can do that."
"Really? They can't? I didn't know that a 'NORMAL' human was that weakling."

Hearing what she said, Vegeta walked to the gravity machine and turned it off.
Pan and Bra stood up.
"You two, get out of here.", Vegeta told them.
"Why daddy?", Bra asked very confused.
"Just go!!", he yelled frustrated.
Pan and Bra ran to the door and left the room scared, Kaori was going to follow them, but Vegeta
stopped her.
"You stay.", he said calmly.
"Why?"
"You'll see."
Vegeta increased the gravity to 100g. Kaori felt the gravity incrising, but she didn't fell on the floor, 
she was just staring at Vegeta. Vegeta was impressed.
"I can see you are stronger than a normal human. Are you sure you didn't lie to me when you said you
weren't from another dimension?"
"Are you crazy?! That's none of your business!", she replied getting frustrated.
"I just want to know how strong you really are.", he said while increasing the gravity to 150g.
The gravity finally got her, Kaori started to fall slowly on the floor, trying to resist it. She 
got control of herself and stood up.
"Stop it Vegeta! You'll kill me if you increase it any higher!", her body was trembling a little.
"Turn it off!"
"I'll turn it even higher if you don't tell were you're from."
Vegeta turned it to 200g. Kaori fell flat on the floor. She tried to get up but it was no use.
"Had enough?", he asked amused.
"I've had worse days.", she muttered.
"Oh really?"
Vegeta turned it to 250g. Kaori felt like she was being crushed. She was glued to the floor and almost
couldn't talk.
"Well?"
"No." She turned her head so she could see.
"If you keep this of we can get to the machine's full power."
He turned it to 300g!
"AAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!! ALL RIGHT, YOU WIN!! I'M NOT HUMAN!! SO TURN IT DOWN ALREADY!!", she
screamed on top of her lungs.
Vegeta smirked amused, and turned it back down to 150.
"Finally.", he said in victory.
Kaori got up, her body was trembling.
"You are going to tell everyone?", she asked nervously.
"Why should I? They can find out by themselfs. I just want to know if you're a warrior."
"Well,....you could say that....", she said sadly.
"Then show me how strong you are."
"If you're challenging me forget it. I won't fight you.....", she was cut off as Vegeta slung a large
punch at her. She dodged it.
"You're fast.", Vegeta said as he prepared to attack again.
"WAIT STOP!!"
This time she was hit, so hard that her back hit the wall. Her cheek was red from the hit. She stood
up and spat a little amount of blood. When she looked up, she saw Vegeta charging at her from the
air to punch her again. She dodged it and Vegeta hit the wall, breaking it. Kaori used that opportunity
and punched him on the face, sending him to the wall, and making a bigger hole in it.
"Vegeta, I already told you I don't want to fight!"
Vegeta ignored what she said and stood up, he wiped the blood from his mouth with the back of his 
hand.
"You're strong, but still not as strong as me. Is that all you got?"
Kaori stayed silent.
"Don't be afraid to show me what you can do, or I'll force you to show me!"
Kaori didn't say a word.
"If you're afraid that I might tell anyone then fine, I don't care if they find out! JUST FIGHT ME!!"
".....Okay.", she said in a low voice.
Then Kaori suddenly disappeared in front of Vegeta's eyes, reappeared behind him, giving him a hard
punch on the head. She sent him crashing on another wall. Vegeta got up and turned to look at her, 
when he did, she had something on her hand.
"What is that?", he asked surprised.
"Sorry pal, but I'm not a martial artist.", she replied and charged at him again.

To Be Continued........





Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Poor Kaori."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Will she survive?"
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Of course she will. I'm the author after all. Well, see ya in the next chapter:
No Need for Discussions. Kaori is beat up and has to confront Trunks beacuse of it."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "You should learn to explain these chapters a better way."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "What does that mean?"
Lady Vgeta4eva: "Oh nothing."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Well then. Did you like this chapter? Better review or I won't place the next
chapter. Bye!"















