Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Chapter ready. Tokimi, get ready to get your ass kicked by a very angry Tenchi."

Lady Vegeta4eva: "Whenever there is a sad part in a story, it rains. So
we thought that a very cold snow storm would be better in this case. Enjoy!"





~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 23: Tenchi VS Tokimi~


Tenchi stood in front of Washu using the Light Hawk Wings as a shield to protect her.

"You.", Tokimi said.
"Yeah, it's me.", Tenchi replied glaring at her. "Washu, get away. I'll take it from here."

Washu nodded, she stood up, and ran off to the others. She helped the others to their feet, and all of them left the area. The coast was clear for Tenchi and Tokimi.

"Now is just you and me.", Tenchi said.
"As it should be. Do you really think that you can do any better than your friends?", Tokimi said smiling.
"I know so.", he replied.

With that Tenchi's Light Hawk Wings multiplied. First they were three, then six, nine, ten, until they were eighteen. Tokimi was taken by surprised.

"Imposible, how is it that you can create more than twelve Light Hawk Wings? Tsunami is the weakest of the Goddess and she creates ten."

Tokimi noticed the mark on his forehead and gasped.

"The Goddesses' simbol! What is going on here?"

Tenchi ignored her question and said in an angry but firm tone, "I'll make you pay for what you did to Ryoko. You don't deserve to exist."

Tokimi stepped foward, understanding what he was saying.
"So, Little Ryoko gave you her powers. No matter, it'll be easy to take you down. You're no match for me."
"I've heard that before."

The wings engulfed Tenchi, making him stronger. Tokimi created a black sword in her hand, similar to Ryoko's white sword, only this one didn't have feathers.


The battle started. They charged at each other, using their swords with 
incredible moves. Tokimi blocked all of Tenchi's attacks, and Tenchi blocked hers easily.

Tokimi was shocked as Tenchi moved faster and faster. She was losing it. Tenchi slashed her many times, and she healed herself. It was difficult for her ro heal, attack, and block at the same time. She couldn't touched Tenchi. The young prince was too much for her.

She fell on her knees in pain, blood was leaking from her mouth.

"This can't be. I can't be defeated by a mere Jurai prince. I'm the most powerful Goddess in the universe."

Tenchi approached her.
"That's not true. You killed Ryoko while she was in her weak state to claim her title. You're nothing but a coward. You are not worthy of being a Goddess."
"Why you!!", Tokimi screamed.

Tokimi charged at Tenchi again with her black sword. Tenchi just stood there, waiting for her to attack.

Tokimi attacked, and Tenchi blocked with his sword, they held it there. Tokimi pushed her sword to cut Tenchi's neck. Tenchi pushed it away. He summoned his power and pushed Tokimi away from him. Before she could hit the cold ground, she jumped into the sky and formed another giant red energy ball.

"Let's see if you can stop this.", she said as the ball grew. "If you can't, the planet will blow up."

Tokimi fired the giant blast at Tenchi. Tenchi placed his sword on the ground and waited for the blast. He extended his arms upward, creating a shield around himself. The blast hit the shield.

The shield stopped the blast. As Tokimi tried to break his shield, Tenchi floated toward her, and stopped when he was only twenty feet away from her. The shield didn't even cracked.

"You won't be able to stop the blast forever.", Tokimi remarked.

Tenchi didn't respond. With his arms still extended upwards, a white aura surrounded his body, it grew brighter and stronger. He gathered up his power, and his shield disappeared as he fired a giant white energy blast. His blast pushed Tokimi's blast toward her. Tokimi tried to stop it. The more she struggled, the more stronger Tenchi's blast became. It grew bigger and bigger, and started to absorb the red energy in her attack. The powerful white energy approached Tokimi and she couldn't stop it.

"No! It can't be! AAAAHHHHHHH!!", she screamed as the energy swallowed her up.

Tokimi disappeared into the white energy, leaving no trace of her. The blast continued to rise, it passed to the Earth's atmosfere, and exploded when it reached outer space. The explosion of white light engulfed the Earth and everyone was blinded by it's brightness, even Tenchi.

When the light died down, all the warriors glanced at the sky. Tokimi was gone. Everyone bounced around and yelled in joy, and hugged each other. And the snow storm finally calmed down.

Trunks hugged Marlene close to him and kissed her right on the lips, and she kissed back. Goten did the same with Viviana. Goku grabbed Marlene breaking her kiss with Trunks and hugged her so tight she couldn't breathe. Viviana walked to Vegeta.

"Hey Mr Vegeta, I wanted to thank you. When we fought with Tokimi she almost killed me and you saved me. Thank you.", she said to him.
"You're welcome girl but don't call me Mr Vegeta.", Vegeta said crossing his arms.
"I will if you stop calling me 'girl'. You know my name is Viviana. Alright Veggie?", she teased him.
"Don't call me that!"
"Oh come on, Veggie is not a bad name. Cheer up. Maybe this will help you."

Viviana grabbed Vegeta's face and pulled him to her. She pressed her lips against his in a soft kiss. It only lasted a second and she pulled back. Vegeta was shocked, he blushed until his face turned crimson.

(Lady Vegeta4eva: "I'm so evil aren't I? Bwahahahahahaha!!!!!"

Trunks' Girl 787: *sighs*)

"There. All better now?", Viviana said smiling.

Vegeta just stood there wide eyed like a statue and didn't say a word.

"Hey, I saw that!", said Goten from behind Viviana. She turned to face him. "Oh, don't be jealous. I'll make it better for you. Come over here." Viviana jumped into Goten's arms and they both fell to the floor, kissing.

Vegeta stared at the kissing couple, still thinking about the kiss she gave him.
"If Bulma finds out about this she'll kill me for sure.", he said.

Marlene stared at the kissing couple too along with Trunks and Goku. She saw when her sister kissed Vegeta. She sweatdropped and laughed nervously.

"That's my sister. It's just like her. I think she always wanted to kiss Vegeta, al least once. I just hope that Bulma doesn't find out about this.", Marlene said and turned to Goku. "Hey Goku, by any chance, do you have a senzu bean with you?"
"Only two.", Goku said taking out two beans.

Marlene quickly snatched them and said, "Thank you, that will be enough."

Marlene walked toward Viviana while she and Goten got up.
"Here Viviana!", Marlene said and tossed her a senzu bean. Viviana ate it while Marlene ate the other. When they were healed completely, they used their healing powers to heal the others, except Tenchi, who didn't have a single scratch in his body.

Now that they were safe, Tsunami disappeared and Sasami returned, Ayeka's battle suit disappeared as her clothes returned to normal, Washu dropped out of her Goddess form, but she stayed in her adult form (I like her better that way anyway), Tenchi powered down, the Light Hawk Sword disappeared as well as his Jurai clothes. When he was back to normal, he glanced at his right hand, where he held the three black gems. His expression was full of sadness and pain. He glanced at the sky, it was clear and calm.

"Ryoko.", he whispered.
"Lord Tenchi."

Tenchi turned around and saw Ayeka standing behind him and staring at right into his eyes sadly.
"I'm sorry Lord Tenchi, I really am."
"Ayeka, you knew...."
Ayeka nodded.
"Just tell me the truth Tenchi."
"I.....I love Ryoko.", Tenchi said.

Ayeka's heart broke, she approached Tenchi and hugged him, Tenchi hugged her back. When they broke apart, Tenchi looked at her.
"I'm sorry Ayeka."
"It's okay. Thank you.....for being honest with me.", she said. "But, what are you going to do now that Ryoko is......gone?"
"I don't know."

Washu and Sasami approached them, also with pain expressions.


Marlene glanced at the small group, concerned, clinging to Trunks' arm. Trunks and Marlene looked at each other, and Marlene nodded, smiling.

Marlene left Trunks and walked toward the small group.
"Hey, you guys don't have to worry, we can wish Ryoko back with the dragonballs."

They looked at her confused. 
"In this dimension we have something called dragonballs. When you unite all seven of them a dragon appears, and grants you two wishes. We can wish Ryoko back to life."
Tenchi looked at her hopefully and said. "Can it really do that?"
"Sure.", Marlene replied.

Trunks approached them and stood beside Marlene. Viviana, Vegeta, Goten, and Goku followed him.
"But it will take a long time to gather the dragonballs.", Trunks remarked.
"No it won't.", Viviana said. Everyone looked at her. 
"Just for precaution, Viviana and I gathered the dragonballs last year. We just have to go home and bring them here.", Marlene said.
"Well, at least that saved us a lot of trouble.", Goten said.
"Be right back.", Marlene and Viviana said and flew off.

Tenchi looked at the stars in the night sky. Ryoko always liked to stare at the stars at night. It reminded him of her. The thought of getting Ryoko back created a warm light in his heart.

To Be Continued..........







Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Hope you liked this chapter. Next one is: The Wish:
'Ryoko is back. Now she and Tenchi can be together forever. But what will become of Trunks? And how will Ryoko react to the news that she has to leave?' "

Lady Vegeta4eva: "This is great!"

Saiyan Moon Goddess: "If you manage to convince me, I'll place the next chapter sooner! See ya!" 


*Check out my other stories*

"Ginkoneko Hikari" (Dragon Ball Z/Tenchi Muyo Xover)

*Coming Soon*

"Twin Princesses Saga" (Dragon Ball Z) (Prequel to "War, Loss, and Love")

"DBZ Becomes a Reality Problem" (Dragon Ball Z)


