Saiyan Moon Goddess: "I'm going to say this for the millionth time:
I HAVE ANOTHER DBZ/TENCHI CROSSOVER, BUT 'WAR, LOSS, AND LOVE' 
IS A TENCHI/RYOKO STORY!!!!!! TENCHI AND RYOKO!!!!!!! AND I'M NOT GOING TO CHANGE IT!!"

Lady Vegeta4eva: *sweatdrops* *turns to the readers* "This chapter is sad, but good."






~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 22: The LOSS~


The giant red blast hit Ryoko on the back, right where she was hit earlier. 
Her blood curling screams of pain could be heard all over the planet as the blast melted
and went through her skin!

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

The blast created a giant explosion of white light that engulfed almost the
whole Earth, so bright that everyone had to cover their eyes, even Washu and
Tsunami.

Everyone heard something crash on the ground with a loud and sickening thump.

When the light finally died down, everyone uncovered their eyes, and Ryoko
was nowhere to be seen. Tenchi felt a chill running down his back, he looked
around, trying to find her. The only thing he saw was a crater in the snow,
and smoke coming out of it. Tenchi ran to it as quickly as he could, and when
he got there he saw her.

Ryoko's body was lying on the center of the crater, unmoving. Her battle suit
was torn, her body was covered in blood, a blood puddle was forming around her.

Tenchi was so horrified, he was mute. He powered down, the Light Hawk Wings disappeared 
and his clothes turned back to normal, but he still held the Light Hawk Sword in his
hand. Ryoko's gems on the sword glowed, and his wounds disappeared, but he was too 
distracted to notice. He just ran to Ryoko screaming her name.


"Is Ryoko.....dead?", Marlene said.
"I can feel her ki. It's still there, but very weak. And it's getting weaker.",
Viviana said.

Trunks was angry, very angry. Without saying a word, he turned into SSJ and flew
toward Tokimi.

"Trunks!", Marlene yelled.

She turned into SSJ and followed him, Viviana did the same, soon all the Z warriors
were charging at Tokimi.





"Tokimi! Why did you do that?!", Washu screamed angrily.
"I was going to kill her anyway, I can't have her around me. There's not enough
space for the both of us.", Tokimi replied calmly.
"What?!", Washu said.
"You see sis, Ryoko in her Goddess form is stronger than all of you put together,
stronger even than me. And I can't let you handle such power. Otherwise, you
could beat me easily."
"YOU MONSTER!"






Tenchi knelt down and took Ryoko into his arms gently, and looked her over. She
was bleeding from head to toe. He looked behind her, her back had a big hole
in it, her skin was black and red from the burn, and she was bleeding badly.
Trying his best to resist the panic in his heart, he tried waking her.

"Oh my god.", he said. "Ryoko. Ryoko!"

She didn't even stir. Tenchi checked her for a pulse and sighed in relief when
he found one. A very weak one. She was hanging on to her life by a thread. 

He heard explosions and glanced at the sky. The Z warriors, Washu, and Tsunami
were fighting Tokimi. Ryoko and Tenchi were right under them. In that position any
blast of energy could hit them.

"I have to get Ryoko out of here.", Tenchi thought.

Tenchi gathered Ryoko into his arms and walked away from the crater, just as a
snow storm began.






Ayeka saw Tenchi walking away with Ryoko.
"Lord Tenchi.", she whispered.
She felt broken. She glanced at the fight in the sky. She sighed in defeat and
flew toward it.





The cold wind blew. Tenchi ran to a safe spot between the rubble of the buildings
that were destroyed. The snow storm was getting rough and the temperature was
getting lower as Tenchi placed Ryoko on the ground and held her between his arms
in a tight and warm embrace, careful not to hurt her more than she already was.

Ryoko stirred a little and tried to open her eyes, she moaned loudly in pain.

"Ryoko.", Tenchi called.

Ryoko opened her eyes slowly and saw Tenchi. She smiled weakly at him.
"Tenchi.", she whispered.
Ryoko tried to sit but screamed in pain and Tenchi held her closer, her face right
on his chest.
"Don't move Ryoko. You'll make the pain worse.", he said with concern.
"Don't worry about me Tenchi. I'm fine.", she replied smiling weakly again. "I just
need to catch my breath."

Ryoko breathed in slow and deep, but she ended up coughing blood voilently into
Tenchi's chest. Tenchi held her head closer to his chest trying to stop her from
coughing. He felt like guilt was written all over his face.

When Ryoko stopped coughing and calmed down, Tenchi looked at her face, blood
was leaking from her mouth, and his chest was wet in her blood.



For Ryoko it was unbearable, she was in horrible pain, and she felt her chest 
burning, but she felt cold on the rest of her body.
"Tenchi......I'm cold.", she said closing her eyes tightly.

Tenchi took off the jacket he was wearing and wrapped it around Ryoko's back,
to try and keep her warm. Ryoko shivered and looked at Tenchi. Her vision was
blurring because of the loss of blood. The jacket on her back was getting
red with blood.

"You're going to be alright Ryoko. I'm sure of it."
"No Tenchi......I'm sorry....The blast was.....too.....strong......It even went
through my lungs......Tenchi.....I can't breathe.", she choked out.
"No Ryoko, no."
"But don't w-worry T-Tenchi......I can h-hardly feel......a-anything.", she said smiling.

Tenchi was really scared now. He knew what she meant by that. It means that she
was dying. Tenchi didn't want that to happened.

"No Ryoko, don't talk like that! You'll be fine, you can heal yourself. You've
done it before."
"I can't heal w-without my gems. I don't h-have enough energy.", she could barely talk
by the cold she felt and kept shivering.
"Then take them back, please."
"No Tenchi, I won't take them back. I want you to use them. The power of your
Light Hawk Wings combined with my Goddess power is more than enough to kill
Tokimi. Only a Goddess can kill a Goddess. I was the only one who could do it,
but by the time I'm completely healed it would be too late for the others, even in
my Goddess form. You...have.....*coughs blood*......to help them now."
"No, I won't leave you here by yourself. You won't make it.", Tenchi replied.
"Tenchi,...is already too late for me, I'll die anyway. You have to help mom
and the others."
"No Ryoko, you can't die!...I...I-I love you."

Ryoko was more than shocked at his words, then she smiled warmly.
"I love you too Tenchi. I'm so glad that it wasn't really you who hit me that
day. It wasn't the same as the Yuzuha insident."
"That's part of the past now. But you can't die Ryoko. Please don't leave me."

Ryoko felt her chest burning again, then she felt the pain going away as every
part of her body was shuting down. She could feel heart stopping.

Tenchi felt his hands were wet. He looked at his hand, it was covered in blood.
He glanced at Ryoko's back, the jacket he gave her was red. Tenchi pulled the
jacket off her back and saw that her wound was still bleeding badly.

"Oh no, the bleeding......the bleeding won't stop.", he said horrified.

Tenchi glanced at Ryoko, her eyes were closed and she was leaking blood from her
mouth again. Her mouth was filled with her blood. She opened her eyes and looked
at him with another warm smile.
"Tenchi, please kiss me. The pain is all gone now, I can't feel anything.", more
blood fell from her mouth.
"Oh, Ryoko.......", Tenchi said sadly.

Tenchi lifted Ryoko's bloody face to his, and their lips connected in a deep
kiss. Tenchi's tongue entered Ryoko's mouth and his mouth filled up with her
blood, Ryoko brought her hand slowly and touched Tenchi's cheek, caressing it
gently, thought she couldn't feel it. Their kiss is the only thing Ryoko felt at 
that moment.

They held the kiss for a few seconds, then Ryoko's hand trembed. Ryoko just kept
kissing him, teir eyes were still closed.......


Ryoko's hand fell to the ground, she stopped kissing as her body went limp in Tenchi's 
arms. Tenchi opened his eyes and looked at her scared, her face was lifeless and pale, her
skin was colder than ice, her breathing stopped.

"Ryoko? Ryoko. RYOKO!!", he yelled.

No response. He held her body tightly to him and sobbed, tears running down
his face. He cried as he lost the one he loves.


After a few seconds he calmed down as he remembered Ryoko's words. He had to
be strong. He set her gently on the ground and took on last look at her pale
face while covering her with his bloody jacket.

"I'm the one who's sorry.....Ryoko.", he whispered, his voice breaking. 

He wiped the tears from his face and stood up as he felt the cold wind blowing, 
he grabbed the Light Hawk Sword and looked at the gems attached to it, 
Ryoko's gems. They weren't red anymore, since Ryoko died, they lost their 
glow, now they're black and empty, exactly like Tenchi felt at that moment.

Tenchi created the Light Hawk Wings, and his clothes changed, but something
strange happened. Instead of the Jurai simbol appearing in his forehead, the
Goddesses' simbol appeared, his clothes stayed the same. He felt stronger
than he was before. He had Ryoko's powers now.

He glanced at the sky and saw nothing. Then explosions were heard clearly,
thought they didn't come from the sky. Tenchi quickly flew to where he heard
the explosions. When he got there, he saw all of his friends on the ground, even
Washu and Tsunami. 








Washu struggled to get up, even in her Goddess form she was beat up. Tokimi
stood in front of her.
"Dear sister, why don't you be a good girl and stay down like everyone else.
I can put you out of your misery.", Tokimi said.
"You can never hurt me more than you've already have. You killed my only daughter.
She was my most precious treasure, and you took her away from me! I'll never
forgive you!", Washu yelled at her. 

Washu fell to her knees in pain as the snow storm grew stronger and colder.
She had ice in her hair. 

"I'll put you out of your misery now.", Tokimi said.

Tokimi created another energy ball, as big as the one she fired at Ryoko, and
fired it at Washu. Washu couldn't move as the blast approached her. She closed
her eyes and waited for the blast to hit her.

It never came, Washu looked up and saw someone standing in front of her, 
stopping the blast with a shield.

"Tenchi!", she said.

To Be Continued............






Saiyan Moon Goddess: "That was sad."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "I agree with you."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "But don't worry Ryoko fans, because it WON'T end like this.
Next chapter: Tenchi VS Tokimi."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Don't miss it."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "And if you think that was sad, wait until you see the future chapters
of 'Ginkoneko Hikari'." 


Check out my other stories:

~Ginkoneko Hikari~ (Tenchi Muyo/DBZ Xover)

*Coming soon*

~Twin Princesses Saga~ (Dragon Ball Z) (Prequel to "War, Loss, and Love")

~DBZ Becomes a Reality Problem~ (Dragon Ball Z)