Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Kaori's secret will be revealed but that doesn't mean the whole mystery of
why Ryoko ran away will be revealed too. And her name will be Kaori until EVERYONE knows who she
really is. This is going to be interesting. Oh, and I wanted to say I
placed a drawing of Kaori in my profile, but you better take a good
look at it because I'll replaced it with other drawings, maybe even a
drawing of myself. I used a cute picture of Ryoko crying and made the
drawing with it. It's not perfect, but it's cute. Why crying? Because
I wanted a drawing of her face only, her eyes looked beautiful, and because
I wanted a sad picture. Just think of the few times she cried on the
story."






     
~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 13: Kaori's Secret~


     Kaori walked downstairs towards the kitchen, it was time to prepare dinner. In the kitchen she
found Bulma.

"Kaori, I'm going to work tonight so save my dinner. And I wanted to tell you to prepare lots of
extra food today, Trunks will help you.", Bulma said.
"Why?", Kaori said.
"We're having dinner guests tonight. Too bad I won't be able to meet them."
"Who are they?"
"I can't tell you, it's a secret, but you'll be so surprised and happy when you see them."

Kaori didn't understand what she meant by that. But she decided to go along.

"Yeah, whatever.", she said.
"Okay, I'll leave now, so make them feel welcome."

Bulma left to work, Kaori and Trunks started to prepare dinner, and Kaori was still wondering who
their guests were. She asked Trunks about it, but he didn't want to tell her.


Tenchi and the others were confused, because Washu had told them they were invited to dinner by
Capsule Corp. Tenchi asked why, beacuse they didn't know anyone that lived at Capsule Corp. They
were in Washu's lab, talking.

"I still don't get it Washu. We're supposed to be looking for Ryoko. And why did those people invited
us to dinner?", Tenchi asked.
"You ask too many questions Tenchi. I already know where Ryoko is. Just trust me.", Washu said
calmly.
"Okay. You better be right."


Dinner was ready, it took them long enough. Soon their guests arrived, and Trunks went to welcome
them, Kaori stayed in the kitchen, serving the food on plates.


"Wow, this place is three times bigger then Tenchi's house.", Sasami said surprised holding Mayuka
in her arms.
"Myya.", Ryo-ohki said happily.

Tenchi sat on the couch. Washu approached Trunks.

"Please tell my dear Kaori to come here. It has been a long time since I saw her.", she said.
"Alright, I'll get her right away.", Trunks said.

Trunks went to the kitchen. Kaori saw him.
"Kaori, they want to talk to you."
"Well Trunks, they're are here aren't they? So quit with all the suprises. Who are they?", she said.

"I'm not sure myself. The woman who talked to mother said that they were related to you."
"What are talking about? I told you before that I had no.....Wait a minute......no, it can't 
be......."

She walked to the living room and gasped at what she saw. Her "guests" looked at her but didn't
recognize her. Tenchi looked at her, he did recognized her, even with her sungalsses on.

"Ryoko, you're here!!", he exclaimed happily.

The others gasped, "Ryoko?!!!", they yelled.

Trunks entered the living room, confused by all the yelling.

Kaori stepped back in fear, especially when she saw Tenchi. They all noticed how terrified she 
looked. What was she afraid of? Tenchi stood up with Mayuka in his arms and approached ber, but
with each step he took foward, she took a step back. She stepped back until she bumped into
something, she turned around, and before she could do anything, a small hand grabbed her
sunglasses and pulled them off her face. It was Washu. She looked at her with now exposed golden
yellow eyes.

"No need to keep hiding Little Ryoko. We already know it's you, so you can take off that fake
hair too.", Washu said miling.

Trunks saw her, and as even more confused.
"Kaori, your eyes......they're not green anymore.", he said in disbelief.
Washu turned to face him. "Sorry Trunks, but her real name is Ryoko and her eyes were never green.
She just copied me, that's her true eye color. Her hair is fake too."

Trunks turned his attention to Ryoko who was speechless.
"Kaori?"

She didn't say a word, she had been discovered. She ran as fast as she could and locked herself in 
her room. Tenchi and Trunks followed her. Trunks knocked on her door.

"Kaori! Kaori open the door!", he yelled.
No answer, but he knew she was still there.

Ryoko sat in a corner of her room hugging her legs, and sobbing.
"Tenchi......", she said quietly to herself, "Why did you come here? Why must you keep torturing
me like this?"

She pulled off her dark red hair wig and revealed her spiky cyan hair. Then she heard Trunks' voice
yell again, "I you don't open the door, I'll break it down!!"

She wiped her tears away and didn't move. The door was broken down. Trunks and Tenchi went into
the room and Trunks saw her with cyan hair, and saw the wig beside her. She turned and saw the
surprise look on Trunks' face.

"Trunks....", she whispered.
"Kaori....", Trunks said still shocked.

Ryoko saw Tenchi and jumped to her feet, she ran, and jumped out the window.

Ryoko wait!!", he yelled but it was too late.

He looked out the window and saw Ryoko land on the yard. He quickly ran outside and into the yard.
Ryoko saw him and was about to fly away.

"Wait Ryoko!! Why are you running away from me?!", he said frustrated.

Ryoko looked at him in surprise. That look of surprise was replaced by a glare.

"Stop acting like you don't know anything!!", she yelled angrily.
She looked very angry and depressed. 
"I hate you! I HATE YOU TENCHI!!!"

Tenchi was more than surprised. Ryoko would never say that, at least, she never did before. And now
she stood there, yelling that she hatd him.

"Ryoko, what are you talking about?", he said confused.

That made Ryoko even angrier.
"First you hit me, then yousay you hate me, you tried to kill me with that stupid sword of yours,
and now you're acting like you didn't do anything!! Well I won't forget it so easily!!"
"That's not true! I don't hate you and I didn't hit you!", he yelled back.

That was the last straw. Ryoko's patience went down the cliff. She approached Tenchi tighting her
fists, and slapped him hard on the face. Tenchi touched his red cheek, shocked at her reaction.
He was speechless.

"Go back to your dimension Tenchi, I won't go back. At least here I found a real family and real
friends who love me. I found a man that loves me. He will give me the love you never gave me.",
she said controling herself not to cry again.

She floated towards her room, leaving Tenchi alone.
In her room she found Trunks, she approached him.

"Trunks.", she called him.
"Kaori.....you're not Kaori. Who are you?", he said.
"Kaori doesn't exist. I'm Ryoko. I'm sorry Trunks, for lying to you. I just thought......that you wouldn't
understand.", she said looking at the floor in shame.

Trunks slowly approached her and embrased her, Ryoko was surprised, she thought he was going to
be angry with her.

"Of course I understand. But you should have never kept your identity a secret to me. Besides,
you look more beautiful this way. Are you finally going to tell me about your past?", he said with
concern.
She pulled away from the embrance. "Sorry Trunks, but if you want to know about it, you're going
to have to learn to read my mind.", she said.
"You are from another dimension right? Are you going back?", he asked.
"No.", she said quickly. "I won't go back, there is nothing for me back there. I want to stay here."


Sasami stood on the other side of the door of the room, she heard what Ryoko said and went into the
room.

"Ryoko, is that true? You don't want to come home?", she said sadly.

Ryoko felt comcern for the little girl.

"Everyone misses you, Mayuka needs you.", she added and showed baby Mayuka.

Mayuka saw Ryoko and extended her little arms, trying to reach her.
"Mama."

Ryoko was touched, she had forgotten about Mayuka, someone that had a very special place in her 
heart. Slowly she extended her arms and grabbed Mayuka from Sasami. She hugged her against her body
and kissed her on the forehead.

"You have  daughter Ryoko?", Trunks said adapting to her real name.
"Not really, she's Tenchi's daughter, but I've been taken care of her like she was my own. So you
couldsay that she's my daughter.", she replied as Mayuka touched her face. "Sasami, I have no home
in your dimension. My life was miserable there, and Tenchi and Ayeka make it worse. I don't want to
go back, I don't want to see them ever again, I'm sorry. Even if it means not seeing the ones that
truely loved me, like you and Mayuka. You're a good girl Sasami, go back and take Mayuka with you."
 
She forced a fake smile, kissed Mayuka on the forehead again, and handed her to Sasami.

"But Ryoko.....", Sasami started but wasn't able to finish as Ryoko walked out of the room. She and
Trunks stared at her as she left. 

Ryoko walked downstairs and faced the others in the living room.
"You have all come in vain, I'm not going back with you. So after you finish eating, leave and go 
back to where you came from.", she stated.
She glared at Ayeka, and Tenchi, who just entered the house, and walked out of the house. Ryoko
flew toward the roof and sat on it, looking at the stars. Then it started snowing.

Ryoko stayed on the roof for hours, the snow continued to fall, and the cold wind blew. Even with her
coat on she felt very cold, and she tried to ignore it.

She didn't noticed that someone was approaching her. 

"Ryoko.", called a familiar voice.

Ryoko turned around and saw Washu in her adult form.

"Washu, why did you turned ackto your adult form?", Ryoko said.

Washu once said that she wanted to stay young forever, and now she was standing there in her adult
form, something Ryoko never expected.

"I'm going to stay like this from now on. I thought this was the best way to have a mother and daughter
conversation. I'm your mother, so I have to act like one.", she replied as she sat beside Ryoko.
"I don't want to talk. You won't make me go back.", Ryoko said looking away.
"I'm not here to force you Ryoko.......I just want you to tell me how is life in this dimension."
"Life is great, I have lots of friends and a family. And I have Trunks, he loves me and understands me,
not like Tenchi."
"What did Tenchi do to you?", Washu asked.
"You don't know?"
"Of course not. I promised you I wouldn't read your mind. What happened between you and Tenchi?"
Ryoko tighten her fists.
"I don't want to talk about it. So go ahead and read my mind, you can cancel your promise."
"Okay."

Washu concentrated, she entered Ryoko's memory and saw what happened before Ryoko ran away. She
gasped.

"Tenchi.....did that? But that's not like him......", Washu started but Ryoko interrupted her.
"Well sometimes he can do thins nbody expects from him. Now he's acting like he didn't do anything,
and Ayeka is covering him. She is the only one that saw what happened."

Washu saw the painful look on Ryoko's face. She could feel her pain through their link and it
was getting worse.

"Ryoko, stop holding it back.", Washu said.
"Huh?"
"I know you're forcing yourself not to let your emotions out. You should let it all out, or the 
wounds will never heal. Let it all out Ryoko, I won't tell anyone.", Washu said very concerned.

At those words Ryoko finally gave up. Her eyes watered, warm tears ran down her cheeks, she couldn't
stop them, she squeezed her eyes shut to stop the tears, but it was no use. Washu wrapped her arms
around her and held her in a strong embrace as she cried in her chest.

"It's alright Ryoko, mummy is here for you. Just let it all out.", she consoled her as she stroke
her hair.
"Mummy.", Ryoko managed to say in a low voice.

Washu heard her and smiled. Ryoko continued crying, and after ten minutes she fell asleep. Then
Trunks appeared in front of them.

"I knew I would find her here. Is she alright?", Trunks said.
"She's fine, she just cried herself to sleep. Could you take her to bed?", Washu said looking
at her sleeping daughter.
"Sure. Are you going to stay?", he asked and picked up Ryoko.
"No, we're going back to Tenchi's house. So take care of Ryoko, for now. Oh, and by the way, who
cooked dinner? It was delicious.", Washu commented.
"Ryoko did.", Trunks replied and floated down to the window of her room.
"What?! Is he serious?! Ryoko doesn't know how to cook......Unless someone helped her to learn.
Maybe that's a part of the memory I missed.", Washu said not believing what she heard.


Trunks placed Ryoko on her bed, and pulled a warm blanket over her.
"Good night.......Ryoko.", he whispered and left the room quietly.

After Trunks left, Ryoko started to have another nightmare. But this one was a nightmare she started
having weeks ago.

*NIGHTMARE*

Ryoko stood at the entrance of Capsule Corp. and entered the building. Everything was quiet, too
quiet.
"Trunks?",  he called. 
No reply.
"Vegeta?"
Nothing.
"Bulma? Bra?"
Nothing.

She went into the kitchen, and found blood covering the floor and walls. Everything was destroyed.
But there was no one there.
"What's going on?"
She went to the living room, she found nothing. But the room was thrashed. She went to Vegeta and
Bulma's room, she found more blood, and the room destroyed. She was scared.
"What happened? Bulma? Vegeta!", she called.
Again no reply. She ran to the gravity room and found more blood, and the room was empty, thought
the walls were covered by scratches and holes. She ran to Bra's room. More blood and everything
destroyed. Ryoko was going into panick. She finally ran to Trunks' room. The room was destroyed,
and there was blood everywhere. She looked around the room to see if she could find Trunks.
She did find him, his body was on the floor next to the bed, lifeless, covered in blood, bruises,
and burns. Ryoko screamed as she saw him, then ran to him and shook him to wake him up.

"Trunks! TRUNKS!!", she yelled.

No responce. Ryoko was beginning to cry when she sensed someone behind her. She looked behind
her shoulder and saw a dark figure with glowing red eyes.

"Who are you?! What have you done with Trunks?!", she yelled angrily as she stood up.
"I didn't do anything to him. You killed him.", the figure replied.
Ryoko was shocked. "You're lying! I would never do something so horrible!"
"Oh, but you did. He didn't stand a chance against you, neither did the others. You unleashed your
true powers and destroyed them all. You overpowered them so easily."
"Shut up! I didn't do it!"
"I came here to take you to your destiny, you have proven youself worthy by killing the must powerful
warriors on the planet with ease."
"No.....I didn't do it. And I won't go anywhere with you!", Ryoko spat.
"If you don't accept, then I'll have no choice but to kill you."

The figure took out a black sword, and before Ryoko could move, she was stabbed through the heart.

*END NIGHTMARE*

Ryoko woke up with a low scream. She saw where she was, her room. She stood up, not caring how she
got there, and walked to Trunks' room. She went inside and saw Trunks sleeping.
Without waking him, she went under the covers, rested her head on his shoulder, and fell asleep.

To Be Continued.........





Saiyan Moon Goddess: "So what do you think? Did you like it? Next chapter is: No Need for a Memory Loss:
'Tenchi did something terrible to Ryoko, but he doesn't remember. Ayeka talks to him.' "
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Are you wondering what the hell happened between Tenchi and Ryoko? And how
Ayeka knows? Well, we're getting very close to that, VERY CLOSE."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Yep, that's a mystery that can't go secret forever. Otherwise, the readers would
hate me. Well, next chapter will come soon. Review."




