Saiyan Moon Goddess: "I don't have many comments, for now. But I'll do
say that please tell me what you think of Ryoko's picture as Kaori. I 
found out that the picture wasn't in my profile, so I uploaded it again,
I hope it works. Please tell me your comments.
And don't you dare say she looks ugly. I know she's not perfect, but
she doesn't look ugly."






~War, Loss and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 14: No Need for a Memory Loss~


Tenchi and the others returned to the Masaki house. Washu hasn't talk to Tenchi since she saw
what happened between him and Ryoko. Tenchi went to his room and Sasami followed him, Ayeka saw
her and followed her too. Ayeka stayed on the other side of Tenchi's door, trying to hear what
Sasami was saying to Tenchi.

"Tenchi, remember when Washu told us that Ryoko was the one who prepared dinner?", Sasami asked.
"Yeah."
"The others were surprised when they heard that, but I wasn't. I taught Ryoko how to cook."
"What?! You did? But how? When?", Tenchi asked surprised.
"It was a week before Ryoko left....", Sasami started.

*FLASHBACK*

Sasami was cooking breakfast early in the morning.

"Sasami.", a familiar voice called behind her .

Sasami turned around and saw Ryoko approaching her.

"Good morning Ryoko. You're up early, that's not like you.", Sasami greeted her smiling.
"I know Sasami, but I wanted to ask you something. I......I......I want to learn how to cook.",
she said shyly.

Sasami's eyes widen in surprise.
"Huh? You want me to teach you how to cook?"
"Yeah, but you have to promise not to tell anyone."
"I won't, but why Ryoko? You always said that you didn't want to be a housewife. I bet is that, isn't
it? You want to learn to be a housewife.", Sasami said making Ryoko's face go red.
"Well, I changed my mind, so there.", Ryoko stated.
"Okay Ryoko, I'll teach you how to cook."

Sasami taugh Ryoko how to cook, without telling anyone, and Ryoko did her best, she learned fast.
It was easy when she got used to it. In a few days, she was ready.

"Thank you so much Sasami. Now I'm gonna prove myself by baking a cake for everyone.", Ryoko
said happily while giving Sasami a hug.
"You're going to do it today?", Sasami said after returning the hug.
"Yes, but I want to save it for tomorrow, so I'll hide it in the refrigerator."
"Why tomorrow?"
"Well.....tomorrow is the 2nd anniversary of the day Tenchi and I met, of course it was the same
day he met you and Ayeka. So I want to give Tenchi and the others a little gift, it will be a
surprise okay?", Ryoko stated.
"Okay."

*END FLASHBACK*

"But Sasami, I don't remember eating any cake after Ryoko left.", Tenchi said.
"That's the problem, when dinner was almost ready that day, Ryoko took out the cake from the
refrigerator and went to put it on the table in front of the television as a surprise. Afterwards
I heard Ryoko and Ayeka fighting, later you told me Ryoko disappeared, I went to take the cake 
from the table to give it as dessert and tell everyone it was Ryoko's gift, but when I got there,
the cake was destroyed, it was all over the table and floor. I cried so much after I saw it. Ryoko
made that gift with all her heart, it took a lot of work, and she was very careful and dedicated
with it." A single tear fell down her cheek.

Tenchi hugged her. He felt depressed too and wondered what happened.

"It's alright Sasami, you should go to bed, it's already late.", Tenchi assured.
"Okay."

Sasami got up and left. Ayeka used this opportunity and entered Tenchi's room. She heard when
Sasami talked about the cake.

"Lord Tenchi.", she called. "May I have a word with you?"
"Of course Ayeka. Is something wrong?", he said.
"Lord Tenchi, I was the one who destroyed Ryoko's cake."
"What? But why? How could you do such a thing Ayeka?", he said feeling sorry for Ryoko.
"Why are you so surprised Tenchi? You personaly yelled at her to get out of the house and never
return.", Ayeka said coldly.
"No I didn't!"
"Yes you did, stop pretending. She and I had a fight because I destroyed that cake, then you came
and pushed her of me. She tried to tell you why we were fighting. Instead of listening to her, you
yelled at her and dragged her to your room. I followed you and saw you insulting her, you slapped
her in the face and yelled that you hated her, then you took out your sword and attacked her, you
said you wanted her out of the house. You even grabbed her by the neck and almost choked her out
of air, even when you knew she was sick. You even shocked me with your actions. She was really
hurt and you didn't care, you acted so cold. Then she left and you started to worry about her,
like nothing ever happened. What's with you Lord Tenchi?"

Tenchi was shocked. He didn't remembered doing any of those things Ayeka said. He grabbed his head
in confusion.

"No, it can't be.......that's why she......no, I didn't......I don't remember doing those things!!",
he yelled in frustration.

Unkowingly to them, Washu was watching them in her lab through the screen of her computer.

"There's no doubt, this is 'her' doing, and there's no telling when she's going to attack.", Washu
said to herself.

Just then, Tsunami appeared beside her.
"That's right.", Tsunami said.
"Tsunami, it was her, right?"
"Yes, it was her.........Tokimi. She used her powers to control Tenchi, so that Tenchi would 
attack Ryoko. I'm sure about it."
"We can't let Ryoko out of our sight."

~The Next Day~

Ryoko got up early, she sat under the apple tree outside the house, thinking.

Bulma was washing the dishes, she prepared breakfast that morning because Ryoko didn't felt like
cooking, she didn't even ate. After she finished, she went to the living room and turned on the tv.
She sat on the couch, just as the weather report was being broadcast. A reporter sat
behind a desk with a map of South City behind him that had clouds over it.

"Nimbostratus clouds (I got that name from science class) are covering the skies, especially in
South City. Is recommended for the people in South City to stay in their homes and don't come out,
a powerful snowstorm may be released at night, the temperatures are below 0......" Bulma turned
off the television before the reporter could finish.

"That's great, at least I won't have to work tonight. I better call the other workers and tell
them not to come to work today.", Bulma said and got up from the couch.


Ryoko looked up at the sky, clouds were covering the sun.

"I can't stop thinking about Tenchi, why? Do I still love him?......Curse you Tenchi, for making
me fall in love with you.", she said to herself. "I won't forgive you for what you did to me, I
won't go back, even if it means saying goodbye to Sasami, Mayuka, my mother, and my friends. I found
happiness here, and he won't take it away from me, not even Ayeka...............Tenchi........"

She hugged her legs and buried her face in her knees.


Trunks, Vegeta, and Goku were hiding behind a large bush, spying at Ryoko.

"Well, there she is Goku. She told me that if I wanted to know more about her, I had to learn to
read her mind. That's where you come in. Can you do it?", Trunks said pointing to Ryoko.
"Sure, that's not so difficult from here. You just have to touch my shoulder and you'll be able
to see it.", Goku replied.

Trunks and Vegeta touched Goku's shoulder (Yes, believe it or not, Vegeta was also curious about
Ryoko). Goku concentrated, they all entered Ryoko's memory.

To Be Continued..........






Saiyan Moon Goddess: "That's it for this chapter. Next one is: Mystery Revealed: 'Trunks, Vegeta, and
Goku find out what happened to Ryoko before she ran away.' The memory will be shown of course so 
you can all see."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Review, next chapter will come soon." 