






~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 19: The WAR Begins~


Three days passed, the Z warriors and TM warriors went back to the 
city that was destroyed. Mihoshi and Kiyone stayed at Capsule Corp. with 
the others, but Sasami went to the battle along with the other 
warriors. Trunks, Vegeta, Goku, and Goten were the only Z warriors present 
(I would've place Gohan too, but adult Gohan bores me, as well as the 
other Z warriors). It was night, the same time the city was 
destroyed. And it was snowing. When they arrived, they saw Tokimi, 
Frieza, Cell, and Buu already waiting for them.

"So, you finally came.", Tokimi said.
"Where's Ryoko?", Tenchi asked.
"She's right here. Ryoko dear, come and say hello."

>From behind Tokimi, Ryoko appeared and stood beside her, glaring at 
the warriors in front of her. She was wearing her red and 
black battle suit.

"Ryoko.", Tenchi whispered.
"Let the war begin.", Tokimi declared.

Frieza, Cell, and Buu powered up, Tokimi floated towards the sky, and
Ryoko stayed where she was.

The others powered up as well. Trunks and Goten went SSJ2 and powered up to 
their maximum power, Vegeta and Goku went SSJ4 and powered up to their maximum
power, Marlene and Viviana went SSJ4 and continued to power up (That wasn't their
maximum power). Ayeka powered up and change into her battle suit, Washu turned
into a Goddess, Sasami turned into Tsunami, and Tenchi created the Light Hawk
Wings, he changed into his battle suit, and created the Light Hawk Sword.

Each of them chose their opponent.

"Trunks, Vegeta, Goten, and I will take on Frieza and Cell!", Goku stated.
"Viviana and I will take on Buu!", Marlene said.
"Then the rest of you get Tokimi!", Washu said and turned to Ryoko. "I'll take
care of Ryoko."
"No Washu, wait!", Tenchi called.
Washu looked at Tenchi, his eyes were set on Ryoko.
"Let me take care of Ryoko.", he said calmly, not looking at her.
"Are you sure Tenchi?", she asked worried.
"Yes."
"Alright, we'll get Tokimi, you take Ryoko."

Washu ran off, Tenchi stood there as he held his sword in front of him. Ryoko
formed her energy sword and held it in front of her.

The battle started. Ryoko charged at Tenchi. Tenchi evaded the first attack.
Ryoko moved quickly and attacked him again, Tenchi blocked it with his sword.
They held it there, Ryoko was stronger than he had ever imagined.


Trunks and Goten fused into Gotenks SSJ3 and with Vegeta and Goku, they fought
against Frieza and Cell. With Frieza, they were getting the upper hand, but
Cell was a little more difficult. Vegeta was able to finish up Frieza with a 
Final Flash. Now they went for Cell.


Marlene and Viviana were having trouble fighting Buu, even in their SSJ4 forms. 
Buu laughs evilly as he fires blasts at them.

"Look out!", Viviana said.

They blocked and dodged the blasts with a little difficulty.
"Darn, I just can't believe he's so strong, stronger than I imagined.", Marlene
said.
"If this keeps up, we're going to have to fuse.", Viviana stated.


Tenchi still blocked Ryoko's sword with his, he was amazed at how strong she was.
The first day they met she was nothing compare to this. Finally Tenchi was
able to push her off him with all his strength. She landed on her feet and
charged at him again, sending blasts of energy toward him. Tenchi created a shield
around himself and it protected him. He knew he couldn't block and dodge her
attacks forever, but he didn't want to hurt her. With the Light Hawk Wings he
was supposed to be stronger than her, he easily killed Kagato in this form.

"Ryoko, please stop, I don't want to hurt you!", Tenchi said as Ryoko prepared
to slash him. "You can't let Tokimi control you."

Ryoko didn't listen, she attacked him at incredible speed. Tenchi barely dodged
it and slashed her left arm. Ryoko's sword disappeared and she fell on her 
knees, holding her wound. Tenchi didn't move, he felt bad for hurting her. To
Tenchi's surprise, Ryoko got up and charged at him again, ignoring her
bleeding arm.

As their fight continued, Ryoko charged at Tenchi again and again, trying to
to hit him or blast him, but she always missed, Tenchi was stronger. He
slashed several parts of her body, making her bleed more. What really surprised
Tenchi is that Ryoko didn't even bother in healing her wounds, she only attacked
him. Did she want to kill him that bad?


Meanwhile, Vegeta, Gotenks, and Goku were losing against Cell. 

"Is that all you got?", Cell said mockingly.
"You haven't seen the half of it.", Gotenks said.

Gotenks flew toward Cell to punch him. Cell disappeared before he could touch
him and reappeared behind him.
"You're too slow.", Cell commented.
Cell fired a ki blast at Gotenks. Gotenks fell from the sky and crashed into
a building, the building collapsed completely.
"Gotenks!", Goku yelled.

Gotenks came out of the rubble, he was covered in bruises, and was gasping for
air. Suddenly a light covered Gotenks' body, and he separated into Trunks and
Goten.

Trunks punched the floor angrily.
"Darn it, not now!", he said. "This is a bad time for the fusion to wear off!"

"Vegeta, we have no choice! We have to fuse!", Goku said to his saiyan comrade.
Vegeta growled and said, "Alright."

Vegeta and Goku did the fusion dance.
"FU-SION-HA!!!"
They fused into Gogita SSJ4.

"Now is my turn.", Gogita said.


Marlene and Viviana were still fighting Buu, and Buu was winning. Their SSJ4
forms weren't enough.
"Viviana, we have to go over SSJ4.", Marlene said.
"No! We don't have enough energy to go over SSJ4 right now! We have to fuse!"
"Darn, sometimes I hate it when you're right!", Marlene replied.
"Stop complaining and do it!", Viviana scolded her.

Marlene and Viviana did the fusion dance.
"FU-SION-HA!!!!"
They fused into Mariana SSJ4 (funny name, isn't it?). She had long, spiky
orange hair with yellow highlights, ice blue eyes, and red hair all over her
body like Gogita, her clothes were exactly like Gogita's, the only difference
was that the red hair covering her body was also covered her chest (In SSJ4
red hair covers Vegeta and Goku's bodies except their chest and abdomens),
only her abdomen was uncovered, she was a woman after all. (Try to imagine
something like that.)

"I'm going to take you down, for good.", Mariana said.


"Really sisters, I expected more from you.", Tokimi said disappointed.

Washu, Tsunami, and Ayeka were losing against Tokimi, they were no match for 
her.
"I should've never put my powers into Ryoko's gems. Otherwise I could've taken
Tokimi out with ease.", Washu said.
"You're going to regret the day you turned your back on me.", Tokimi said.

Tokimi fired an energy blast at them. Washu and Tsunami dodged it, but it was
heading straight at Ayeka.
"Ayeka look out!", Tsunami said.

The blast was too fast to dodge it, it hit Ayeka, and she was sent flying
backwards towards the area where Ryoko and Tenchi were fighting while she
screamed in pain.
Tenchi and Ryoko noticed her.
"Ayeka!", Tenchi yelled.

Ryoko suddenly disappeared thanks to Tenchi's distraction, and she reappeared
away from him, she grabbed Ayeka by the neck and started to suffocate her.
Ryoko glared at her with deadly eyes, Ayeka screamed in pain, and saw the
murderous look on Ryoko's face.
"AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!! Lord Tenchi, help me!!", she screamed.
"Ryoko stop!!", Tenchi yelled as he ran to them.
Ayeka was on the floor with Ryoko over her, still squeezing her neck. Ayeka
tried to push her off, but to no avail. She tried again, moving her hand
to Ryoko's neck, and she grabbed something. Ayeka  opened her eyes to see
what she grabbed, but her vision blurred. When she started to feel her bones
cracking, Tenchi came in and without thinking he slashed Ryoko's left side.
The power of the Light Hawk Wings pushed Ryoko far away from Ayeka, and
whatever Ayeka was holding, she didn't let go, and it broke.

Tenchi went to Ayeka's side as she held her neck and coughed.
"Ayeka, are you alright?", he asked.
"I'm fine, thank you Lord Tenchi.", she said when she caught her breath.
"Hey, what's that on your hand?", Tenchi said when he saw Ayeka was holding
something.
Ayeka lifted her hand and looked at what she was holding. It was the silver
necklace with a diamond that Trunks gave to Ryoko. It wasn't broken, it looked
like the lock of the necklace opened when Ayeka pulled on it.
"Where did you get that necklace from?", Tenchi asked.
"I think it's Ryoko's."
"Ryoko!", Tenchi then remembered that he hit Ryoko. "Stay here Ayeka."

Tenchi looked around, he saw Ryoko on her knees, holding her side in pain,
she was bleeding. She was far away from him. He didn't move, that last cut he
gave her was the worst of all, it was five inches long, and through her back.
"What have I done?", Tenchi said shocked.

Ryoko stood up slowly, the gash on her side almost made her fall down again.
Her eyes were glowing red.


Tokimi glanced at Ryoko's injured form.
"It's looks like I underestimated the young prince. Ryoko won't be able to beat
him in her state.", Tokimi said. "Ryoko, show the little prince your true
powers now."

Tokimi's eyes glowed.

Ryoko felt power running through her body, she felt a stabbing pain in her head.
She held her head and screamed in pain as a white aura surrounded her body.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!"

The aura grew stronger and her wounds were healed.

To Be Continued.............





Saiyan Moon Goddess: "That's it for chapter 19. And next one will be: The Awakening
of Goddess Ryoko: 'Ryoko turns into a beautiful and powerful Goddess. The Z
fighters fight against her. Will they have a chance?' "
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Don't you dare miss the next chapter."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "You won't be disapointed. If you've seen Ryoko getting
beat up by a Z fighter in other stories, this time it will be different. Things
will go upside down for them. I know you've probably read many stories about
Ryoko being crontroled by someone, but every autor has their own ideas."