IMPORTANT MESSAGE:

Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Like I said in the message of the last chapter (for those
who didn't saw it), I decided NOT to write 'New War, Loss, and Love'. I've been
thinking an that's just a waste of my time, and it's not a good idea. Instead 
I've started writing a new Tenchi/DBZ crossover. This one is completely different
to War, Loss, and Love. Those who are interested may find it the Anime Crossovers.
I named it 'Ginkoneko Hikari'. This is a story that will leave all readers confused
and asking a million questions. My first story with MYSTERY and ANGST. Please read it,
you will like.....no, you will love it for sure.....Thank you."

END MESSAGE.

Lady Vegeta4eva: "And now for the new chapter. It's sweet."







~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 21: True Love~


Tenchi had a very hard time dodging Ryoko's attacks. She was fast, too fast.
Tenchi tried to hit her, and she dodged all his attacks. He couldn't believe that
he was even lasting against her for more than a minute.

Ryoko was gaining the upper hand.
"Not bad, but still not enough.", Ryoko said.

Ryoko slashed Tenchi several times. Tenchi couldn't defend himself and screamed
in pain. He didn't give up.

Using her sword, Ryoko batted away the Light Hawk Sword from Tenchi's hand and
slashed him on the chest, making him scream lauder. She kicked his chest with her
heel making his wound worse. He slumped to the ground, bleeding badly.

"Ryoko.", he whispered, wincing. "Please......wake up."

He was too weak to move. Ryoko's eyes glowed red as she felt hatred overtake her.
She held her sword, ready to bury it through his heart.




"LORD TENCHI!!!!!!!!", Ayeka screamed in terror.




Ryoko glared at her. Taking advantage of her distraction, Tenchi jumped on top
of Ryoko making her fall backwards and her sword disappear. He held 
her under him with all his strength. Ryoko struggled under him with all her 
strength, and Tenchi was losing his grip over her. He held her arms tightly 
and pinned her legs with his own.

"Ryoko snap out of it!", he yelled.

Ryoko growled and screamed as she struggled more.
"Get off me!! Let me go!!", she screamed.
With one last attempt, Tenchi lowered his head to hers and looked into her
glowing eyes. She glared at him in return, but then she looked into his eyes
full of sadness, and she felt something. She felt hipnotized by his warm eyes
and stopped struggling.

"Ryoko.", Tenchi said softly.
"Tenchi?", she said below a whisper.

Tenchi lowered his head more, he closed his eyes, and gave her a soft and 
passionate kiss on her lips. Ryoko was shocked, but closed her eyes and kissed back.




Ayeka saw them and froze.




As Tenchi kissed her, a memory came back to Ryoko's mind.




*FLASHBACK* (Tenchi the Movie 2: Manatsu No Eve/The Daughter of Darkness)

Ryoko sat on the roof of the Masaki house, rubbing her left cheek. Tenchi had
slap her because she fought with Mayuka. How could Tenchi be so blind?

"Tenchi.", she thought. "Why can't you see that she's here to hurt you. I'm
just trying to protect you."


"Ryoko.", a voice called from behind. 


"Stay away from me.", Ryoko replied.


Tenchi still approached her and sat beside her. She turned her head to look
the other way.

"Ryoko, I wanted to apologize for what I did. I was desperate. Mayuka is a 
really sweet girl-", Tenchi was cut off by Ryoko standing up and yelling
at him.
"She's not a sweet girl! She came here to hurt you! Can't you sees it?!"
"Ryoko...."
Ryoko sat beside him again.
"I'm worried sick about you, Tenchi."
"Well, I think you worry too much Ryoko.", Tenchi said smiling. "You're the
worried type."
Tenchi placed his arm around Ryoko's shoulders and pulled her closer, causing
her to blush.
"It's freezing out here, you're going to catch a cold. Let's go inside so you
can go to bed."

Ryoko leaned to his chest and closed her eyes.
"No, it's okay. I'm fine."
"Please Ryoko, I'm worried about you."
"No.", she whispered smiling as she snuged on his chest. "Now who's
the worried type?"

Tenchi smiled warmly as he looked down at her.
"She looks so innocent.", he thought to himself.
Tenchi brought his hand under her chin and lifted her face to his. Ryoko opened
her eyes. 
"Tenchi?", she whispered.
"Ryoko."

Tenchi lowered his face, Ryoko closed her eyes, and their lips met in a 
passionate kiss. Ryoko wrapped her arms around Tenchi's neck and Tenchi wrapped his
arms around her waist. They held it for a long time, not wanting to break away.
They were in heaven, for them it was an eternity.

*END FLASHBACK*




Ryoko and Tenchi broke away the kiss, and Ryoko's eyes returned to their normal
color. Her expression was not of anger anymore, just confusion and fear, which
were soon replaced by a sweet smile.
"Tenchi.", she said.
"Ryoko, you're back!", Tenchi said happily.







Tokimi felt her power over Ryoko vanishing. She glanced at Ryoko and Tenchi,
who were hugging each other.
"So, you released yourself from my control. Well them, unfortunately for you,
that means that I can't let you live."

Tokimi fired a blast at Tenchi and Ryoko.


Ryoko felt the blast coming and quickly broke her embrace with Tenchi.
"Tenchi, watch out!!", she yelled.
Before Tenchi could even move, Ryoko grabbed him and tried to fly away, but
the blast came fast and hit her on the back. She screamed.

The impact sent both of them flying. They landed away from each other. 

Tenchi slowly stood up, his body aching. He saw Ryoko's body that laid on the ground
away from him, motionless.
"RYOKO!", he yelled.



Washu heard him and glanced down. She saw the Z warriors all beat up. Tenchi
was on the ground holding his bleeding chest, and calling Ryoko's name. Ryoko was
on the groung, unmoving.
"Ryoko!", she yelled.

She flew toward Ryoko and landed beside her. She shook her.
"Ryoko. Ryoko!"

No response. Ryoko's chest was moving up and down, breathing slowly, she was
still alive.
Washu checked her over for injuries and noticed something. Ryoko wasn't in
her Goddess form anymore, she was back to normal, but her hair was still 
silver.


"She must've lost control of her Goddess form. And I think her hair will
stay like that forever.", Washu thought.
She knelt down and lifted her to see her back. Ryoko's battle suit had a hole
in it and she could see her skin easily, which was burnt and had various
scratches on it.
"Ryoko.", Washu whispered.
Washu hugged her against her chest, a few tears fell from her eyes.
"Don't worry Ryoko, mummy is here for you.", she said and kissed Ryoko on the
forehead. She stroke Ryoko's soft and now silver hair.

Tenchi approached them, the Light Hawk Sword in his hand.
"Is she going to be alright Washu?"

Washu wiped the tears from her eyes and looked at him.
"She's alright Tenchi, she's just knocked out for now. There's a wound on her
back, but it's not serious. Could you take care of her for me?"
"Sure.", he replied full of concern.

Tenchi knelt down beside her and held Ryoko to him. Washu stood up.
"I have to help Tsunami. You're in no condition to fight, and the others can't
help either. So stay here.", with that Washu flew away.

Tenchi watched the three Goddesses while they fought. Tokimi was still winning.
He watched them for a while until he felt something stir under his arms.

Ryoko moaned in pain as she stirred and opened her eyes. She saw Tenchi staring
at her.
"Ryoko, are you alright?", he said.
"Yeah, thank you Tenchi."
Tenchi smiled and kissed her forehead. Ryoko saw his injured state.
"Tenchi, I'm sorry.", she said.
"It's okay. At least I have you back. That's all that matters. Does your back
hurt?"
"A little, yes. So, what happened when I turned into a Goddess?"
"Look around."

Ryoko did as he told her and saw the bodies of the Z warriors on the ground.
Some of them were injured badly. Ryoko coudn't believe what she was watching.
"I....did this?.....But how.....", she trailed off.
"Don't worry, they're not dead."
"Trunks, Vegeta, Marlene, Viviana...", she said.
"It's okay Ryoko, calm down."


"I wanted to tell you something Tenchi."
"What is it?"
"I found out that when you attacked me that day, you didn't know what you
were doing. Tokimi was controling you."
"I already knew."
"You did?"
"Yes, Washu told me. And it's a good thing that she told me, I would
never forgive myself if I ever did that for real."
"Tenchi.", Ryoko said softly, smiling.




Tokimi sent another energy blast at Washu and Tsunami, it hit them and they
fell from the sky. Tokimi used that opportunity to glance at Ryoko and Tenchi.

"They're still alive. I have to kill them before it's too late.", Tokimi said.

Tokimi brought her hand pointing downward, and started to form a rather big
energy ball. It was getting bigger and bigger by the second. It continued to
grow and glowed red.

"This is going to be the fatal blow."


Tenchi and Ryoko didn't noticed what she was doing, they were to busy looking
at each other.


The Z warriors stirred and began to wake up. Marlene and Viviana were the first
ones to open their eyes. Both barely able to move.

"Damn, what an incredible headache I have.", Marlene said rubbing her head
that was covered in dry blood.
"Did someone took the number of that bus that ran over me?", Viviana groaned.

Marlene looked up and saw Trunks sitting slowly. She stood up and walked to
him, painfully and slowly, kneeling beside him.

"Are you alright Trunks?", she asked in a worried tone.
"Yeah, I'm alright. Are you?", he said trying to get up.
Marlene helped to him to his feet.
"I'm okay. But what happened?", she asked confused.

Viviana sat up and saw Vegeta lying on top of her. She shook him, hoping
that he was alive.
"Mr Vegeta, wake up. Come on, answer me!", she said out loud.

Vegeta stirred and opened his eyes. He sat up, moaning in pain.
"Hey, are you alright?", she said.
"I'm fine.", he replied.

Viviana looked around. The other warriors woke up as well. She and Vegeta
stood up, and suddenly they felt an enormous ki. Viviana looked toward the
sky and saw Tokimi with a gigantic ball of energy in her hand, ready to fire.

"Marlene, look over there! What is she doing?!", Viviana yelled.

Everyone looked toward Tokimi and gasped. Marlene looked to where she was 
pointing, and saw Ryoko and Tenchi on the ground, Tenchi holding Ryoko in his
arms. Both of them were totally unaware of what was happening.

"Oh no!", she said, then she screamed. "RYOKO, TENCHI, GET OUT OF THERE!!! LOOK OUT!"



Tokimi fired a giant energy blast, just as Ryoko and Tenchi saw what was happening.

"TENCHI!", Ryoko screamed.



Tenchi thought fast, he set Ryoko gently on the ground and stood up in front
of her. He knew the blast was too fast to get away from it.
"Nooo Tenchi! What are you doing?!", she yelled at him.
"Ryoko, you've done so many things for me. You've save my life various times.
So now is my turn to save you.", Tenchi replied, not looking at her.
"No Tenchi! You'll get killed!"

The blast came closer and closer as Ryoko tried to get up, her back aching.
"If I don't do something quick, Tenchi will die.", Ryoko thought as more memories
of her, Tenchi, and the others living in the Masaki house came to her mind,
"No......Tenchi." 

Ryoko disappeared, and reappeared high in the sky, the red blast was coming right
at her, to everyone's shock.

"Ryoko!", Tenchi yelled.
"Ryoko!", Trunks yelled.
"NOO!", Marlene yelled.
"What is she doing?!", Viviana said.
"That girl is crazy!!", Vegeta yelled.

Ryoko stood there in mid air as the blast came closer. Ryoko created a shield
around herself and the blast made contact.
Ryoko's shield was stopping the blast from going any further, but it was too strong.
Since she wasn't in her Goddess form anymore, she wouldn't hold on for long,
the shield was going to break, and she couldn't get away either. So practically,
her shield was the wall between life and death. Trying to transform into a Goddess
in that position was too risky.

"Uuugghhh! Too....strong! My...shield...is....breaking!", she said out loud.

Ryoko wanted to stop the blast until it exploded, now it looked like it was going
to hit her before blowing up. Ryoko knew her shield was collapsing, so she turned
around to face Tenchi. Her arms were extended to her sides holding her shield.

"Tenchi! The blast is going to hit me, so this is probably the end for me!", she said.
"NOOO!! RYOKO STOP!", he yelled.
Ignoring his reply, Ryoko continued, "Before I go, I want to give you something."

Ryoko closed her eyes and concentrated. Tenchi felt something glowing in his hand.
He looked at the Light Hawk Sword, it was glowing with a white aura, and three
red jewels appeared on the handle. Then it stopped glowing. Tenchi gasped.

"Ryoko's gems?!", he yelled.

Tenchi looked at Ryoko again, she was smiling a weak smile as she felt her power
and strength leaving her. She used her own powers (the ones she had left) to
try and make the shield stronger, it didn't work. The shield cracked, and it
collapsed.

To Be Continued...........








Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Are you wondering what happened to Ryoko? Well, next chapter
is: The LOSS: 'The battle between the three Goddesses is fierce. And Tenchi
refuses to leave Ryoko's side. This is when two lovers have to go their
seperate ways.' "
Lady Vegeta4eva: "The next chapter is sad. But don't miss it."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "I promise you'll like it, thought a few readers will probably
flame me for making it a little too depressing. Please REVIEW or no more."


*Please check out my other story*

"Ginkoneko Hikari"(Tenchi Muyo/Dragon Ball Z)

*Coming Soon*:

"Twin Princesses Saga" (Dragon Ball Z)
"DBZ Becomes a Reality Problem" (Dragon Ball Z) 