Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Here's the new chapter for ya! Hope you like it!"






~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 9: Welcome Party and Christmas Cheer~


    Saturday night came quickly. Kaori was in her room, and Bulma was brushing her hair. She told
Kaori she was going to help her to get ready. Trunks came into the room with a box on his hands.
"Kaori, I bought you a dress.", he said while placing the box on the table.
"Really?! Let me see it!", she said excited.

Trunks opened the box and took out a beautiful long red dress with red roses on it. And it had
braces. Kaori took a good look at it.
"It's beautiful. Thank you Trunks.", she said happily and hugged him.
"You're welcome."
"Then let's get started, Trunks go and get prepared, I'll take care of Kaori.", Bulma said as she
pushed Trunks toward the door. When he left, Bulma turned her attention back to Kaori.




Trunks waited for Kaori at the hall. Kaori walked down the stairs. Trunks gasped at the kawaii (cute)
side of her. She was wearing her red dress, sparkling red rose earrings, a golden chain on her neck,
golden braceletes, red slippers, and golden glitter in her hair.

"You're beautiful........, but I think my mom exaggerated a little."
"What about you? You wearing formal clothes.", Kaori replied staring at him.
Trunks looked down at himself, then back at her.
"You're right.", he took Kaori's hand and kissed it. "Shall we go now?"
Kaori nodded. They went outside and Kaori saw a motorcycle. (You didn't think they were going to
fly there did you?!?!?!)
"Wow Trunks! I didn't know you had a motorcycle. Is it new?", Kaori asked.
"Yeah, a brand new model. Care to try it out with me?", he purred in her ear.
"Sure."

Trunks offered her a jacket and helped her to put it on. He gave her a helmet and both of them
got on the motorcycle.
"Now hang on, this motorcycle is quite fast.", Trunks said and Kaori placed her arms tightly around
his waist.
Trunks started the motorcycle and they were off at top speed.




When they arrived at the party, the room was full of students, and noisy with all the loud music.
Everyone was dancing. At the entrance, Trunks and Kaori were greeted by Viviana and Goten. Viviana
was wearing a purple dress, which didn't surprised Trunks, purple was her favorite color.
"Koban Wa (Good Evening) Trunks, Kaori.", Viviana greeted them repectfully.
"Where's Marlene?", Trunks asked noticing Marlene wasn't with them.
"Marlene is sitting somewhere around here, she is the only one without a date. A lot of guys wanted
to date her, but all of them were jerks.", Viviana replied sadly.
"We're going to start the party by dancing, are you going to dance?", Goten asked Kaori.
Kaori blushed. "I.....don't know how to dance.", she said shyly.
"I'll teach you how.", Trunks said and pulled her to the dance floor, just as a romantic melody
started. Kaori slowly learned how to dance. Viviana and Goten were dancing next to them. Kaori
felt her cheeks getting red as Trunks held her waist gently and pulled her closer.




Marlene was watching them from her seat. She was wearing a beautiful sparkling white dress that
almost touched the floor, and a sparkling silver tiara. She felt a little like Cinderella because
she was wearing glass slippers. Viviana had suggested her to use them.
"I'm losing Trunks.", she said in a sad and low voice.

She stood up and walked to the dancing couple. She approached Trunks and smiled.
"Trunks, would you like to dance with me?", she asked him.
"Sure, Kaori please wait for me in a seat, I'll join you later."

Kaori nodded and left the dance floor. Trunks placed his hand in Marlene's waist and took her hand, they started
dancing. Another romantic melody came, Marlene felt very happy now.
"Marlene, you look beautiful tonight, you're like a shining star. And you dance like an angel."
Marlene felt like she was in heaven. Those words ran through her mind over and over again.
"I haven't lost him yet.", her mind said with joy.
Viviana saw them dancing and smiled.

The melody lasted for almost six minutes. Marlene was a little disappointed as Trunks retuned to
Kaori. She would've wanted to dance with him for eternity.




Kaori and Trunks decided to go to the roof, Trunks had told Kaori he wanted to talk to her, and
how would they talk with all that noise....I mean, music. They walked up the stairs until
they reached the roof of the building. They enjoyed the view of the city. Trunks had his arm
around Kaori's shoulders.
"This is a night I will never forget Trunks.", Kaori said as she leaned her head on his
shoulder.
"Kaori, I wanted to tell you something."
"What is it?"
"Well, I know that maybe is too early to say this, but.......I love you."
Kaori gasped, she never expected him to say that.




Marlene gasped too, she was standing in the entrance of the stairs. She had folowed them. Her
sensitive ears heard everything.




"I've been slowly falling in love with you since I first got to know you. Ever since you came into
my life. You're a wonderful person, Kaori."
Trunks grabbed Kaori's cheek and pulled her to him. Kaori knew what he was going to do, and she
didn't resist, she closed her eyes. Their lips met, in a soft kiss.




Marlene sank.
"I did lost him.", she thought.
Finally she gave up, and her tears ran down her cheeks. She couldn't stand the view of them
kissing. She left running quietly down the stairs. This is a night she would want to forget, the
night where her heart was broken.

(Saiyan Moon Goddess: "That was a sad part for me.......*sniff*......I almost cried......well, the fic
is suppose to have drama after all.")




Kaori and Trunks pulled out from their kiss after five minutes, gasping for air.
"Thank you Trunks. Though that wasn't the first time I ever kissed a guy. But next time, make
it last longer.", Kaori said after the kiss.
"I won't disappoint you.", he said with a warm smile. He embraced her.


~8 Months Later~

(Saiyan Moon Goddess: "HEY! If you think they married and had children in those months you have another
thing coming!!!! SO DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT!!!!!")

Those months passed by quickly, Kaori did well in school, she was Trunks' girlfriend now. Marlene
and Viviana did well at school too, but ever since the night of the party, Marlene didn't talk
much, she wasn't as happy as usual, she had the same attitude she had before meeting Trunks,
stubborn, short tempered, quiet, scowling, almost like Vegeta, and she concentrated in her training
with Viviana more than before. Viviana was worried about her sister.

Bulma was happy for Kaori and Trunks, and Vegeta was not too sure about their relationship. Trunks
and Kaori still slept together, but without doing anything. Kaori's nightmares never left her alone.
And surprisingly, Kaori never told Trunks that she loved him. A feeling deep inside of her
hesitated. Trunks noticed, but didn't say anything. Vegeta and Trunks continued their training
with Kaori. Sometimes, even Goku came to have some fun sparing with her, Goten was too busy dating
Viviana.




Very soon Christmas came, it was snowing, the weather was cold, and everyone was buying presents.
Kaori refused to leave the house, she didn't like snow that much, but Trunks convinced her to go out.
They even started a snow fight. Goku and Goten were with them. Vegeta sat under a tree watching
them.

"Fools, throwing snowballs at each other like little kids.", Vegeta said.

Pan and Bra joined the snow battle too. Then Kaori noticed Vegeta looking bored. She approached him crawling
through the ground silently, like a tiger to it's prey.

"Vegeta!", she called him.

Vegeta looked in her direction, and a big snowball hit his face with a *SPLAT!*

(Saiyan Moon Goddess: "In your face Vegeta! Hahahahaha!!!!")

"Ggrrrrrrrr, you!!! I'll get you for that!!!", he screamed.

Kaori ran for her life as Vegeta chased her throwing big snowballs at her. She laughs in victory
because she got Vegeta to join the game. She screams and laughs in joy as big snow ball hit her from
behing and she fell on her rear.

The others saw them and they tossed snowballs at Vegeta too. Kaori laughed ever harder when Vegeta
sliped and fell on his face, all his body was covered iì snow. Kaori threw another snowballìand 
hit Trunks in the face, and fell backwards. Yes, all of them were having the time of their lives.

Later that day, everyone went their separate ways to nuy presents. Capsule Corp. was going to have a
Christmas party at night.




Marlene and Viviana had an intense training after they ate breakfast, at lunch time they stopped, 
exhausted, and also went to buy presents after taking a shower. They were also invited to the party.

That night, the two sisters were getting ready for the party. They decided to wear green and red
since it was Christmas. Viviana put on her green and gold dress, and Marlene put on her red and gold
dress. For Marlene, this wasn't going to be a good Christmas, and Viviana knew it.

"Oh cheer up Marlene. It's Christmas, you should be happy.", Viviana said as she put on her gold earrings.
After a minute of silence, Marlene spoke. "How can I be happy?"
"Well, at least you got a present for Trunks, didn't you?", Viviana said with concern.
"Trunks? I wish you would stop saying his name. I just can't forget about him."
"Don't worry, after you give him his present, avoid him as much as you can. Okay?"
"Okay.", Marlene responded and started brushing her hair.




The Capsule Corp. party started, a lot of people were invited, the building was full. Kaori walked
around the room looking for Trunks, she couldn't find him because there were so many people. This 
time she decided to wear something silver, so she was wearing a sparkling, long silver dress and
silver slippers and earrings, her hair was gathered up with two small curls on her ears, and
her dress didn't have sleeves or braces, it was very easy to see her shoulders and back, and
she had white gloves on her hands.

"Where is he? It's almost 12:00 o' clock in Christmas Eve and I wanted to give him his present.",
she said to herself.

"Kaori!"

Kaori turned around to see Trunks approaching her.
"Kaori, I have your present here.", he said.
"Me too.", she said and handed him a small box. Trunks opened it, and there was a silver watch
inside.
"Wow, this is the watch I wanted.", Trunks said happily and hugged Kaori. 
He took out a small box and gave it to her.
"This is your present, from me."

Kaori opened the box, and what she saw left her with a expression of happiness and surprise. It
was a silver necklace with a big white diamond. It was obvious that he could afford it, he was rich
after all.
"It's beautiful."
"I got it especially for you. Please, allow me.", with that Trunks took the necklace and placed
it on her neck gently. It looked perfect with her dress. Trunks put on his new watch.

"Trunks!", called Viviana as she approached them with Marlene.

"Hi Viviana. Merry Christmas.", he greeted her.
"Koban Wa (Good Evening), and Merry Christmas.", she said.

Marlene gave Trunks a box.
"This is for you Trunks, Merry Christmas.", she said in a not too cheery voice and forcing a smile.
"Thanks Marlene. I wonder what it is.", he said as he opened the box, and saw a jacket. He grabbed
the brown jacket and gave it a better look.
"You like it?", she asked a little hopeful.
"It's great, the fabric is soft and warm. It's the best gift you have ever given me.", he commented.
 
Marlene felt more hopeful after hearing that, even if Kaori was his girlfriend, he still greatly
appreciated her gifts. That made her feel happy. But then she remembered he was already taken.

"Well Trunks, it was nice seeing you, but I have other gifts to deliver, so...bye.", Marlene said
and left them with Viviana following her.

Kaori and Trunks went to the dance floor, and danced together. It was a perfect night for them.

To be Continued...........





Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Well, that was it. In the next chapter: Washu's Secret Identity: Washu has secret
from long ago........I bet you know what it is."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Also, in the next chapter, the fun is over, Washu, after all those months, will
finally find Ryoko!!!!! And they start looking for her in the DBZ dimension, which won't take them
long to find her thanks to 'Someone's' help."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Please remember to review! Bye!."



