Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Sorry for the dilay, but I tried to post the chapter and my computer
suddenly stopped responding and it didn't work until now.. This is just one of the 
chapters you readers have been waiting for. Thanks for being patience. Washu will
finally find Ryoko. On with the chapter."





~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 10: Washu's Secret Identity~


Washu was still working in her lab. She had been looking for Ryoko for the last eight
months and there was still no sign of her.

Usually there was a Christmas party at the Masaki house, but Tenchi said that without
Ryoko there would be no party. He would never dare do a party and celebrate while she's
still missing. Everyone agreeded, except Ayeka. She said they shouldn't let their
depression for that space pirate ruin their Christmas. Tenchi had glared at her for that. 

Sasami was cooking, and Mihoshi was helping her. Ayeka and Kiyone were decorating the
Christmas tree. Tenchi just sat in the living room, drepressed. Ever since Ryoko left he
had been dreaming about her coming back, then she would disappear again. He felt sleepy
and closed his eyes, and almost unconsciously he whispered, "Ryoko,........I love you."

Suddenly, Washu came running out of her lab screaming like a happy child, "I did it, I
did it, I did it, I did it, I did it!!!!!!!"

Tenchi was startled by the sudden screaming and almost fell out of the couch.
"Little Washu, what happened?! What did you do?!", he said startled.
"I found Ryoko! Come to my lab now!", she said and ran back to her lab.

Tenchi quickly got up from the couch and followed her to the lab, the others followed 
him.

In the lab, Washu showed them the data that appeared in the screen of her computer. 
They looked at it with confused looks, so Washu began to explain in the simple manner.

"I found Ryoko. It took me eight damn months, but I did it. She's in a far away 
dimension that has a very different reality than ours. Her presence feels different 
than before, is like she changed somehow, and she's sorrounded by very powerful sources 
of energy. This is getting interesting, and strange at the same time. All I have to do 
now is create another portal, and I can go to her."

Tenchi was truely happy now.
"Little Washu, when the portal is ready, please tell me, I'll go with you.", he said.
"Okay Tenchi, you're the prince.", she replied and started to work again.
"I'll go with you too Tenchi, and I'll bring Mayuka.", Sasami said while holding Mayuka.
"I'll go too. It will be fun.", Mihoshi said.
"Then I guess I'll go as well, I have to watch that Mihoshi doesn't do something stupid.", 
Kiyone said calmly.

Everyone looked at Ayeka, who had stayed silent the whole time.
"Ayeka, are you coming?", Sasami asked her sister.

Ayeka hesitated, she was confused at how Tenchi acted. 
"This is so strange. Why does Tenchi want that woman to come back? He was the reason she 
left in the first place. Doesn't he remember what happened?..........What he did? Ryoko 
will never come back, not after what happened.", Ayeka said in her mind.

"Ayeka?", Tenchi said breaking her thoughts.

Ayeka tried not to make the others suspicious.
"Yes, of course I'll go. I can't and will not allow Lord Tenchi alone with that woman.",
she said quickly and firmly.

Everyone sweatdropped, they weren't expecting her to say that at a time like this.

"Well, that settles it. You can start working on the portal Little Washu.", Tenchi said.
"Okay Tenchi. Then all of you leave the lab until I'm finished.", she replied and shoved 
them to the door. After they left, Washu returned to her work.

A figure approached Washu silently from behind, which she didn't noticed, until she felt 
a warm hand on her shoulder. Washu jumped, and she turned around creating an energy 
sword (just like Ryoko's) on her hand. She was surprised to see who it was, before her 
stood a woman with pink eyes and very long, sky blue hair.

"What? Tsunami? What are you doing here?", Washu asked as her energy sword vanished.

Tsunami smiled warmly at her.
"I came here to visit you, and to tell you a very important secret, my sister.", she said.

Washu could only stared at her with an expression of 'What are you talking about?'. She 
looked very confused. Why did Tsunami called her sister? She doesn't remember having any 
siblings.

"I know you don't remember me like I really am, what I'm about to tell you, you can't 
tell to anyone else, until the right time comes.", Tsunami said. Washu could only nod.

~Two Days Later~


Kaori, Trunks, and Vegeta were having their daily work out. Kaori was better than ever, 
she learned fast. She could already train 900 times gravity! Incredible huh?
(I like to exaggerate)

They kept on training for five hours, they were sweating all over. Kaori felt exhausted, 
all her body was covered in blood and bruises, she felt like collapsing, but stopped 
herself. Trunks saw how tired she looked. 

"I think that's enough for now. Kaori, you go and take a shower.", Trunks said with 
concern. "Alright.", Kaori replied and left the room walking.

Trunks felt a little exhausted too, so he left the room, and Vegeta followed him because 
he was hungry.

Kaori took a quick shower, and decided to take a nap. She lay down on the bed exhausted 
and fell asleep.


Washu finished the portal and went to tell the others, they were ready to go.

"Now remember everyone, we're going to another dimension, but it's still planet Earth, 
only that the reality is different. Got it?", Washu explained.
"Washu, if we're going to stay there until we find Ryoko, where are we going to stay?", 
Tenchi asked.
"Don't worry Tenchi, I got that covered, when we leave, we'll take the whole house with 
us."
"What?"
"Just trust me. Let's go!"

Everyone went through the portal, and Washu was the last to go. Then the portal 
disappeared, and so did the house.


Bulma was sitting in a couch on the hall reading a book while Bra was playing with her 
toys on the floor, when she heard the door bell rang. She put down her book.

"Who could it be with this cold weather?", Bulma said and walked to the door as the bell 
rang again. She opened the door and saw a girl on a coat, she didn't looked older than 
12, she had long pink hair gathered up in a pony tail and had green eyes.
"Hi."
"Hi.", Bulma replied. "How can I help you?"
"I'm looking for this girl.", she handed Bulma a picture. "Have you seen her?"

Bulma looked at the picture closely.

"No, I haven't seen her. Who is she?"
"She's my daughter. Well, thanks anyway for your help. I'll keep searching."

She took the picture from her.
"Bye.", then she walked away.

"Her daughter? That kid doesn't look older than twelve. Kids today, always making jokes.",
Bulma said to herself.
Bulma walked back into the house and closed the door.  
"That was weird.", she said and went back to read her book.


At Gohan's house, Gohan was reading the newspaper while Videl prepared lunch and Pan was 
watching tv. Then he heard a knocking on the door. He got up from his chair and walked 
to the door. He opened it and saw a young man with dark brown spiky hair and brown eyes.

"Hello, I'm sorry to bother you. I just wanted to know if you have seen this girl.", he 
said and handed Gohan a picture. Gohan looked at it closely, then shooked his head.
"No, I'm sorry but I haven't seen her.", Gohan replied and gave him back the picture.
"Oh, alright, thanks anyway. Bye.", He walked away.

Gohan went back into the house and saw Pan flying through the air.

"Pan, I've told you many times not to fly around the house!", he said frustrated and ran 
to her.


At Goku's house, Goku was eating and Chi-Chi was washing dishes.

"Goku slow down, you're going to have a stomach ache!", Chi-Chi snapped at her husband.
"Chi-Chi don't worry, I do this all the time.", Goku trying to calm her.
"Well you don't know that it could happen when you least expect it.", she replied.

Then they heard the door bell ring.

"Goku, go see who is it. I'm too busy.", Chi-Chi said.

Goku stood up and went to the door. He opened it and saw a little girl with blue hair 
and pink eyes holding a baby and there was a strange looking rabbit sitting on her head.

"Hello.", she said smiling.
"Hello. Are you alone little girl?"
"Yes, nice to meet you. I'm looking for my friend. Have you seen her?", she asked and 
gave him a picture.
"No, never seen her.", he said and returned the picture.
"Okay, thank you. Have a nice day.", and with that she ran off.

Goku returned to the house and continued eating.

"Who was it Goku?", Chi-Chi saked.
"A little girl looking for her friend, I just told she wasn't here.", he said and 
continued eating.
"Oh.", was all she said.


Krillin and 18 were painting the house. Krillin was painting the roof and 18 the wall.

"18, could you pass me some paint over here?", Krillin said loudly to his wife.
"Coming!"

She grabbed a bucket of paint and floated towards the roof.

"Thanks.", Krillin said as he recieved the paint.

When 18 floated back down she saw two girls approaching the house. One was blonde with 
blue eyes and the other had green hair and blue eyes.

"Krillin come down here, we have visitors!", 18 called.

Krillin jumped off the roof floating all the way down. The girls approached them.

"Konichi Wa (Good Afternoon), I'm Kiyone and this is Mihoshi, and  we're looking for 
someone."
Mihoshi handed Krillin a picture.
"Nope, never seen her around here.", Krillin replied.
"Okay, thanks for your help. Let's go Mihoshi........", she started but turned around to 
see that Mihoshi was gone.
"On no, not again.", she said sighing. She looked around saw Mihoshi in front of a bakery.
"Hey Kiyone, let's buy some cake, I'm hungry!"
"But you just ate an hour ago!", Kiyone yelled and ran to her.

Krillin and 18 looked at them confused, then they went back to work.


Master Roshi was sitting outside his house reading one of his favorite magazines, when 
he heard a strange sound. He glanced at the sky and saw a girl floating down toward his 
house with two strange logs on her sides, she had purple hair and pink eyes. When she 
landed, she approached Roshi.

"Azaka, Kamidake (I don't know if I spelled it right), stay here, I'll be right back.", 
she ordered them.
"Be careful princess Ayeka.", Azaka said.

She stood on front of Master Roshi, when he saw her he threw his magazine aside and 
looked at her up and down. As if saying 'Who needs this darn thing when I have a real 
babe in front of me?'

"Excuse me sir, I'm looking for this girl. Have you seen her?", Ayeka asked and gave 
him a picture. Being the pervert he is, he was drooling from the sight of the girl in 
the picture, and the one in front of him.
"Nope, haven't seen her, but if you find her you two lovely ladies can come to pay me a '
little visit.", he said and looked at her.

Ayeka felt uncomfortable by the way he was staring at her. He was drooling and blushing.

"Sir, why do you look at me that way?", she asked confused.
Master Roshi didn't answer, he walked behind her still staring at her and touched her 
rear! Ayeka's face turned blue.
"AAAAAHHHHHH! You pervert! Azaka! Kamidake!", Ayeka screamed.

The two guardians appeared and started shooting at Master Roshi. Master Roshi ran for 
his life and entered his house, the guardians fired at the house, destroying it. 

"That sir was a very disgusting pervert. Azaka, Kamidake, let's leave this island.", she 
said in disgust.
"Yes ma'am.", they both replied. 

Azaka and Kamadike stood on her sides and they levitated, and they left.

Master Roshi crawled out of the pile of rubble, shocked at what happened.
"I've reading so many magazines, girls are starting to punish me, or is it that I've 
been around Goku and the others for too long?", Roshi said to himself.

To Be Continued...........





Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Well, that's the end for chapter 10. *readers stare at her* 
*sweatdrop* OOOOOOkaaaaaaaayyyyyyy........So maybe this chapter wasn't such a big deal 
after all. But the next one is more interesting, chapter 11: Heartbroken: Kaori is off 
to eat while Trunks talks with Marlene. In this chapter I will show a flashback of a 
memory from the first time Trunks and Marlene met, of course, that happens on another 
fic I wrote. Keep reviewing. I'm almost getting at the best part of the fic. It won't be
long now until the TM characters fin Ryoko, so be ready."

Lady Veget4eva: "Yeah. Hey Saiyan Moon Goddess, you never told me you made a fic about us 
meeting the Z gang."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "I did. I wish I could place it in the DBZ part."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Then why not?"
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "I don't know. I'll think about it. Please REVIEW."



