Disclaimer: I definetly don't own the Tenchi Muyo or Dragon Ball Z 
characters, only the ones I created from my imagination. Tenchi Muyo and 
DBZ belongs to their respective creators. So please nobody sue me okay?

Author's note: This story takes place after the end of Tenchi Muyo OVA 
series, and after Manatsu No Eve. In the DBZ point of view, it takes 
place 10 years after the Majin Buu saga. *This is my first fic so be 
nice*

                   ~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess                       
                ~Chapter 1: The Lonely Soul~                                               
                                                           
                                


    Alone......Alone in darkness.....Alone and cold.....Alone and 
running......Running away from everything.......She felt alone and cold. 
She felt lost and weak. She's running through the darkness until she 
sees a light. Tears streaming down her cheeks. She keeps running toward 
the light tunnel.
"Ryoko wait, it's still experimental!",Washu called trying to get up 
from the rubble that was pinning her to the floor and stop her daughter. 
But it's no use, the rubble is too heavy and she couldn't get up, she
watches as her daughter disappears.
"RYOKOOOO!!!!!!", she yelled.
    This time Tenchi and Ayeka came running into the lab and they saw 
Washu under a pile of rubble. They rushed to her and removed  the rubble 
from over her. Tenchi helped her and she got up.
"Washu what happened here? Almost half of the lab is destroyed.", Tenchi 
asked, but then he saw a worried expresion on her face."Washu?", he 
asked again. Washu looked at him in the eyes.
"She's gone.....Ryoko's gone. And I don't know where she went.", she 
said in a low voice. Tenchi really got worried when she said that. Ryoko 
disappeared. But where? And why?

        ~In Another Dimension~

      Trunks was returning to Capsule Corp. after school, flying through 
the sky to get there much faster. That was his last day at school.
"Man, I thought school would never end. Summer vacation at last, the 
only thing that worries me is that my father will make me train with him 
day and night. This is going to be a tough summer.", he said while 
flying faster.
  When he started to imagine himself training with his father, he saw a 
giant white hole appear near Capsule Corp.
"What is that?", he asked to himself.
  He flew even faster when he saw something coming out from it. Then the 
hole disappeared. He landed where he saw the object fall and started 
searching for anything suspicious. He didn't felt any strange ki, but he 
was still searching. Then Vegeta appeared and landed next to him, 
obviously he also saw the giant hole in the sky. He was looking at his 
son with his arms crossed.
"You saw it too?", Trunks asked him. Vegeta only nodded and said, "That 
thing looked like some kind of dimensional portal."
"You're right. We must find out what was that object that came out of 
it.", Trunks replied.
 Vegeta nodded and they both flew through the air looking everywhere and 
finding nothing.

      Finally Trunks spotted something leaning in a tree.
"Dad, over there!", he called Vegeta, and they both landed in front of
the tree. They saw someone on the ground, a girl! Trunks walked to her 
and picked her up. She had long, dark red hair, her eyes were closed, 
but she had tears in them, her left cheek was red, like she had just 
been slapped in the face. Trunks noticed that she was asleep. She was 
dressed up in some kind of green and pink dress. Vegeta and Trunks felt 
something strange from her.
"Maybe she is the one that fell from the hole. What should we do with 
her?", Trunks asked.
Vegeta looked at the girl with suspicion, then turned to Trunks. "Take 
her back to the house. I don't know who she is, but I feel something 
strange from her."
   Trunks felt her forehead, it was on fire. "It looks like she has a
fever too. We better get going."
With the girl in his arms he took off to Capsule Corp. with his father 
following him.

   When they arrived at Capsule Corp., Trunks took the girl to a guest 
room. He sat down on a chair next to the bed and waited for her to wake 
up. Trunks explained to his mother what happened. Bulma examined the 
girl when he told her about her fever. After a quick examination she 
told him that she had the flu. Bulma left the room to cook dinner and 
Vegeta left to the gravity room (Why doesn't that sound surprising?), 
leaving Trunks to watch the girl. Before he left, he told Trunks to 
inform him as soon as she woke up. Trunks never left the room, he even 
ate dinner in the room.

     Hours passed by and the girl was still asleep snoring low, so low 
that Trunks could barely hear her.
"She's a heavy sleeper. I've been sitting here for hours.", he said 
while changing the wet cloth on her forehead. "I'm going downstairs for 
a glass of water, it won't take long."
  Trunks got up from the chair and exited the room.

      When Trunks walked up the stairs to return to the room he saw his 
father walking toward him.
"Where's the girl?", he asked.
"She hasn't awakened yet. I just went for a glass of water and now I 
going to check on her.", Trunks responded while opening the door. Trunks 
entered the room with Vegeta only to see an empty bed and an open 
window.
"She's gone!", Trunks exclaimed and looked through the window. "Where 
did she go?"
Vegeta walked toward him and said, "I can feel her ki, she's on the roof
of the building."
Trunks nodded, "You're right."
    They took off through the window and flew slowly towards the roof. 
When they got there, they saw the girl sitting on the roof hugging her 
legs with her head on her knees. They approached them and stopped in 
front of her. Before they could say something she interrupted them.
"Where am I?", she asked.
She slowly lifted her head to look at them, revealing her beautiful 
green eyes, her long, dark red hair was flowing down her shoulders. At 
first they were stunned, but then they regained their senses. Trunks was 
the first to say something.
"You're in Capsule Corporation."
Then Vegeta got a little closer to her. "Who are you?", he asked in his 
usual voice.
The girl started to hesitate. "My name? My name is....Kaori.", she 
managed to say, then she took a deep breath. "I'm 17 years old.", 
she said with a calmer voice.
"Where are you from?", Trunks asked her.
She hesitated again. "I'm.....from a very far away place.", she
answered.
"Are you from another dimension? We did see a portal before we found 
you.", Vegeta said crossing his arms.
Kaori got very surprised when he said that. She was mute for a moment, 
looking confused. Then she frowned and spoke, "What makes you think that 
I'm from another dimension? Are you guys trying to trick me? Because it 
won't work." She felt uncomfortable by the way that Vegeta talked to 
her. She got up to her feet and suddenly felt dizzy, she wasn't nervous 
because of the questions they asked her, not even scared, but she was 
obviously hiding something. She started to feel weak and fell backwards, 
she sliped. When she was about to fell out of the roof, Trunks quickly
caught her from behind avoiding the fall. Kaori was amazed seeing how 
fast he was but didn't show it, she just stayed calmed.
"Are you alright? I think you're still sick, you shouldn't have left the 
room in the first place. How did you get up here anyway?", Trunks said 
to her.
"Don't ask.", was all she said.
Trunks didn't ask anymore questions, Vegeta didn't said a word either. 
Trunks picked Kaori up and jumped off the roof. He decended slowly until 
he reached the window of the room they where in. Trunks thought that 
Kaori was going to scream her lungs out when he jumped off the roof, but 
to his surprise she stayed silent and didn't resist. He entered the room 
through the window and placed her on the bed, Vegeta also entered the
room following him. After he pulled the sheets over Kaori, Trunks sat in 
the chair beside the bed. Kaori just stared at the ceiling with a sad
look on her face.
"Where do you live Kaori?", Trunks asked breaking her thoughts.
"I don't have a place to live, not anymore.", she said without looking 
at him. "I don't have a family or friends. The only thing I remember is 
when he hit me and I left the house with no intention of returning."
"Who is he?"
"I won't say his name, he......I loved him very much. When I was sick he 
took care of me. The next day after that, there was a big fight where I 
was involved, and he.... he....hit me.", A single tear fell from her 
eyes, "He won't even noticed that I'm gone, he always thought of me as a 
bother. There's no point in going back." She closed her eyes for a 
moment, then she opened them again and looked at Trunks with a half 
smile. "Changing the subject, you guys haven't told me who you are."
Trunks stared to feel sympathy for Kaori. He smiled back with a friendly 
smile. "I'm Trunks and that's my father Vegeta. If you don't have a place 
to stay, you can stay with us."
Vegeta wasn't surprised that Trunks had said that, he was very kind and 
friendly.
"Really?", she asked.
"Sure, of course I have to talk to my mom first. I'm sure she won't
mind. What do you think dad?"
Vegeta just *hmphed* and said, "Do whatever you want, Bulma wouldn't 
disagree to have a stranger in the house if she gets to know her
better." Then he walked out the door and closed it.
"Where did he go to?"
"He probably went to talk to mom. I wonder what her reaction will be.",
Trunks said while standing up from the chair. "I'll go get you a glass 
of juice, but have to promise me you won't leave the room like that 
again."
Kaori smiled at him friendly, she was starting to like him a lot. 
"Alright, I won't.", she replied.
Trunks smiled again and left the room. Kaori closed her eyes, she was 
thinking about something,.......or someone. "I'll miss you, even after 
what happened I'll always love you. I just hope that this place will be 
better for me.", she said in a very low voice.

   When Trunks got to the kitchen, Vegeta had already talk to Bulma 
about Kaori, she agreed to let her stay, but only until she got to know 
her better. After talking with his mother, Trunks went back upstairs 
with a glass of orange juice.

To Be Continued........





Author's note: The next chapters will come soon. Are you wondering what 
happened to Ryoko? Any comments? Please tell me. 
 