Saiyan Moon Goddess: "And now for chapter 5. Hope you'll enjoy it. This is when the story 
starts to get a little PG-13."






~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 5: No Need for Discussions~


       An hour passed. Bra and Pan were at the hall playing with their toys.
"I wonder what daddy and Kaori are doing.", Bra said.
"Well, your daddy likes to fight and he's very tough. You think he wanted to challenge Kaori?", 
Pan started to think the worst.
"But Kaori is not even a fighter.", Bra stated.
Pan was still worried. "You think Kaori is alright?"
"Don't worry, my daddy wouldn't want to fight her, why would he?"

        At that moment, Kaori entered the hall. When Bra and Pan saw her, they gasped.
"AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!", they screamed so loud it was heard outside Capsule Corp.
   
        Kaori was soaked with her own blood from head to toe, she was covered with bruises and cuts.
Bra and Pan didn't recognize her and hugged each other still scared. Having a closer look, they
recognized her.
"Kaori, what happened to you?", Bra asked.
"Don't ask. I'm going to take a shower, I'll make lunch after then.", she muttered and left to the bathroom.

        Pan and Bra stared at Kaori as she left the hall, still shocked by what they saw.

        Kaori took a hot shower, washing all the blood from herself, but it stinged horribly when
she used the soap.
       When she came out, she went to Bulma's lab and took out the Fist Aid kit to take care of her
wounds.

        Pan and Bra were waiting in the kitchen. Kaori came in and started preparing lunch. She knew
that Pan and Bra ate a lot, because of their saiyan heritage, and she decided that maybe she could
get Vegeta to eat lunch with them.
        In less than an hour, she finished. She gave Pan and Bra their food and went to the gravity room.
There she found Vegeta training like always. She stood in the entrace, not wanting the gravity to
crush her.
"Hey Vegeta!", she called him.

        Vegeta looked at her from the air.

"What do you want? Want to take another lesson?", he asked. 
"No thanks, I had enough lessons for today. I just wanted to tell you that lunch is ready. Want to
join us?"
"No, I don't eat with weaklings like you." 
"Oh come on, it's not going to kill you! Besides, if I'm such a weakling why did you got so impressed
when I stood up against the gravity? And you wanted to fight with me! >From what I've heard, you only
fight with those YOU think are worthy. If I'm such a weakling how come I lasted one hour against you?
Am I mistaken?", she replied sarcasticly.

       Vegeta didn't answered. Kaori chuckled, then she saw the look in his face and sighed.
"Okay, if you come to lunch, I will challenge you personaly tomorrow, but if this keeps up, I'll have to
 ask you to train me."
"Why not?", he said smirking.
"I'll think about that. Now come on."
       Vegeta came down and both of them left the gravity room.

       
       Bulma and Trunks arrived at Capsule Corp., just in time to catch the smell of food. They were
 tired and hungry after all the work they did at the office.
"Hey, do you smell that?", Bulma asked while putting some papers on a table.
"Yeah, it smells delicious.", Trunks replied.
       They walked to the kitchen and found Pan and Bra eating.
"Pan, Bra, who made lunch?", Bulma asked, and they stopped eating to look at her.
"Kaori did mummy, she's a really good cook, I've never tried anything like this, except for aunt
Chi-Chi's cooking."
"Yeah, it's really good!", Pan said happily.
"And where is Kaori?", Trunks asked and looked around the kitchen, Kaori wasn't with them.
"Kaori went to get daddy."
"What?", Trunks started to worry, he knows his father never comes to eat with them. "I thought I
warned her that dad never comes to eat with us."
"Oh don't worry Trunks, Vegeta might only throw her out of the gravity rrom, but he won't hurt her.",
Bulma replied.

        Trunks was going to the gravity room to get Kaori, but stopped when he saw Kaori and Vegeta
entering the kitchen.
"Hi, Trunks, I thought you and Bulma wouldn't come back until 3:00.", Kaori greeted them.

        Vegeta was wearing a black and black spandex shorts, after leaving the gravity room, Kaori
and him went to his and Bulma's room and she made him take a bath and change the sweaty clothes he was wearing.
She wasn't going to allow Vegeta to eat with his body all sweaty and stinky. He of course complained,
but Kaori ended up winning the fight.

        Trunks gasped, several parts of Kaori's body were wrapped in bandages; her right thigh, her
left arm, her right shoulder, her ribs (he could tell because she was wearing a white tang top that
went over her stomach), her right hand, and her left ankle.
"Kaori, what happened to you?", he asked worrily.
"What?", she said confused.

        Trunks walked to her and grabbed her bandage hand, looking at it. Kaori then understood
 what he meant.
"What happened?", he asked again.
"Well.....I......", she trailed off. The words explaining that Vegeta beat her up wouldn't come out.
Bra and Pan decided to answer for her. Bra was the first to speak.
"We were playing hide-and-seek this morning and Pan and I hid in the gravity room. Daddy told us to 
get out, but he told Kaori to stay."
Pan continue, "After an hour she came out all bloody and broken, she looked really scary."
"Pan, Bra, you shouldn't have told him that!!", Kaori yelled, her face getting bright red.
"Is thistrue?", Trunks asked her.
"Well....yes, he did,.....but wait Trunks!", Kaori tried to stop him when he walked to his father,
but he didn't listen to her.
"Wy did you hurt her?! You could have kill her! What were you thinking?!", he screamed at Vegeta.
         Trunks had never talk to Vegeta like that, but he wanted to defend Kaori. Before Vegeta
could scream back at him, Kaori ran to Trunks and stepped in front of him.
"Wait Trunks, I can explain! Please listen to me before you start an unwanted fight!"
Trunks calmed down. "Alright, explain it to me."
       Kaori sighed. She then told Trunks and Bulma everything that happened while she was looking for the
girls that morning and her fight with Vegeta. When she finished, Trunks and Bulma couldn't snap out
from their shock. How could Kaori survive a beating from Vegeta?
"Trunks, Bulma, this is not the time to be shocked.", Kaori said sighing again. "Lunch is getting
cold, we can discuss this later."
       Trunks nodded, but he was still angry and impressed. Kaori served the food and everyone started to
eat, the only one that wasn't eating at a fast rate was Bulma, for the others it was race to see who would
finish first. They ate like there was no tomorrow. The food was so delicious, everyone ate seconds and
thirds. When all of them finished, Vegeta returned to the gravity room, Bulma went to her lab, and Pan
and Bra played outside the house under the watch of Kaori and Trunks, who sat under the apple tree.
While the kids were playing, Kaori and Trunks talked.
"Kaori, you can't accept when dad challenges you, he could kill you."
"Trunks, I didn't have any other choice, he didn't want to let me out of the room, and if I didn't
attack him, he would've attacked me." Kaori touched her left arm. "AH!! But it did hurt like hell
when he beat me up. I could hear almost all my bones break."
"What hurts the must now?"
"My left arm, and I think it's bleeding again. I thought that it wouldn't do that anymore.", she said
 looking at the bandage on her arm that was starting to get red.
"Let me take a look at it." Trunks tried to reach her arm.
Kaori flinched. "I don't think you want to see it."
"If you don't let me look at it, it could get worse. Don't be stubborn."
"Alright."
        Kaori stood still while Trunks carefully unwrapped the bandage. When he finished, he couldn't
believe what he was seeing. Her arm had a deep gash that was five inches long.
"Why didn't you tell me about this sooner? A gash like that has to be stitch close. How did it happened?"
"It all happened when I was fighting with Vegeta....."

*FLASHBACK* 

(Saiyan Moon Goddess: "I bet you all wanted a Flashback to appear, didn't you?") 

          In the gravity room, Kaori and Vegeta were still fighting. Kaori had a hard time trying to
hit Vegeta and defending herself from his attacks at the same time. It was even worse because her injuries
made her weak. Vegeta was beating her to a bleeding pulp. But she also gave him hard time, Vegeta was 
also injured.
          She was about to land a punch on his chest, he dodged it and grabbed her arm, throwing her
to the ground were she made a large crater. A sharp metal cut her arm and she screamed loudly in pain.
Her arm was bleeding badly. Vegeta landed next to her, gasping for air.
"I think that's enough for today, you won't be able to fight with your arm like that."
"Thanks for the sympathy Veggie.", she said holding her injured arm to try and stop the bleeding.
"I bet Bulma told her to call me that.", Vegeta thought. He extended his hand to her and she grabbed
it, helping her to her feet. Vegeta looked at her wound.
"That's a bad gash. I should be more careful of how I throw you. You have to do something before it
gets infected.", he told trying to hide his sympathy with his face, but Kaori could see through him.
"Then I'll leave, thanks for the good workout."
"You're welcome."
Kaori left the room still holding her injured arm.

*END FLASHBACK*

".......And that's the whole story, then the girls saw me and they screamed so loud it hurt my ears."
"I see, but at least dad stopped the fight, otherwise I wouldn't want to imagine what could've happened. I have to 
take you to a hospital before it gets worse.
"Are you sure?", she asked. "It's not that serious."
Ignoring her reply he said, "Come on let's go."
"But what about Pan and Bra?"
"Mom can watch over them.", Trunks turned to Pan and Bra. "Pan, Bra, I'm taking Kaori to a hospital so go
to mom's lab and stay there!"
"Alright!", they replied together and entered Capsule Corp. Trunks turned to Kaori and picked her up.
"Hold on tight.", Trunks then flew off into the sky with Kaori in his arms.

To Be Continued.........





Saiyan Moon Goddess: "And that was chapter 5. Don't miss the next one: No Need for Worries. Someone
doesn't want Washu to find Ryoko. I know a lot of people will guess who it is."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Hey sis, in what chapter are we supposed to appear?"
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "In chapter 8."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "WHAT?! I have to wait that long?"
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Don't worry, you only have to wait until I finish writting chapters 6 and 7."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Damn."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "See ya at the next chapter. And remember to REVIEW. Bye!"
         