Lady Vegeta4eva: "Well, Ryoko's been found, she hates Tenchi, a few 
mysteries have been revealed, Kaori is Ryoko, Ryoko is Kaori. If the 
story doesn't make sense, then you'll
have to keep reading, because this isn't over."








~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 16: The Gems' Origin~

Marlene and Viviana were training in the gravity room at their house.
Both were sweating from all the fighting. 

They stood on the ground, each in a fighting position, glaring at each
other and ready to attack.

Suddenly, Marlene broke the silence.

"Viviana, it's  too hot in here. How about we keep training
outside?", she said wiping the sweat off her forehead.
"That's a great idea. But it's also very cold outside."
"It doesn't matter. I need some fresh air anyway. I'll go ahead.
Catch up as soon as you can."
"Okay."

Marlene left the house and went into the forest. She looked up at
the snow covered trees and sighed. She remembered when she and Trunks
first met. She smiled for a moment, remembering every time she
yelled at him and he shuddered in fear from her, the first time he
made her laugh, the first time she kicked his butt in battle, the
first time they dated together, and he....kissed her. She stopped
smiling and a tear ran down her cheek as her mind played the image
of Kaori and Trunks kissing each other at the Welcome Party.

She continued walking through the forest as her golden
hair moved with the cold wind.
"Trunks.....I love you.", she whispered.





Ryoko looked up at the sky again. She moved her hand to her pocket and took out the silver
necklace that Trunks gave her, she put it around her neck.

Ryoko stood up and walked away, she went far away from Capsule Corp.

"Where is she going?", Goku asked.
"Maybe she wants to spend some time by herself, she's probably heading for the forest.", Trunks
replied. "I'll follow her."

Ryoko walked into the snow covered forest, snow started falling from the sky. She stopped to look
at the sky, it was covered with clouds, the sun wasn't shining. She looked downwards in sadness.
Then she heard foot steps approaching her, she turned around.

"Who's there? Show yourself.", she said.

Trunks appeared from behind a tree.

"Trunks, why are following me?", she asked.
"I just wanted to make sure you were okay.", he replied.

Trunks looked at her sad face. She looked like she had many doubts about something. He got closer
to her.

"Ryoko, do you still love him?", Trunks said.
"Huh?"
"Tenchi,.....do you still love him? Even when he hit you, he insulted you, tried to kill you, and 
humiliated you?", he said sincererly.
".........Of course I don't.", she replied looking down.
"Look at me in the eyes and say you don't."

Ryoko looked into his blue eyes and felt like she was sinking. She stood silent, not knowing
what to say.

"I thought so........I already know what he did to you."
"Huh? How? Did Washu told you?", Ryoko said surprised.
"No. I forgot to tell you before, Goku can read minds. He once read Krillin's mind back on Namek. Goku,
dad, and I saw all of your memories."

Ryoko turned her head to look the other way.
"Do you hate me?", she said slowly.
"No, of course not! I would never hate you! What makes you think that?"
Well, I've been lying to you ever since I came here, I refused to tell you anything about me while
you told me everything about you and your friends, and now you saw all of my memories......", she
was cut off when Trunks grabbed her by the waist and pressed his lips against hers. Ryoko
didn't resist, and wrapped her arms around his neck, kissing him back, but she felt like she
was doing the wrong thing to do, her doubts hit her again.

The kiss lasted for three minutes, and they broke apart.

"Thank you Trunks, for everything, you've given me the happiness I've been looking for 2000 
years. Even Vegeta is a lot of fun. We're close friends, thought I know he'll never admit that
to anyone. That's the reason I won't leave this place.", Ryoko said smiling.
"I know Ryoko."
"I don't know why I keep having so many doubts, that's why I came here to the forest, to clear
my doubts. I need to be alone, I'm sorry Trunks."
"It's alright, I understand. But please don't stay out too long, the weather is getting colder
today."
"I'll be fine.", Ryoko assured him.
"Okay, see you later!", Trunks then flew off, back to Capsule Corp.

(Saiyan Moon Goddess: "He left Ryoko alone. Uh oh!")

Ryoko walked throught the forest for a few minutes, thinking,
and thinking.

Then she heard footsteps nearby, was it Trunks again? No, the ki she 
was feeling was different. She hid behind a tree and waited, then
she saw the figure walking nearby was a girl.

"Is that Marlene?", she thought.

She left her hiding spot and approached Marlene who was too distracted
to notice her.
"Marlene.", she called.

Marlene stopped and turned around. She saw a girl that looked about her
age, with cyan spiky hair, and golden eyes.
"Who is she?", she thought.

"Hey, Trunks told me you like to visit him a lot. But I haven't seen
you around the house lately, is something wrong?", Ryoko said, suddenly
forgeting about Tenchi.
"Huh? Who are you? How do you know me?", Marlene replied looking
confused.

Ryoko remembered that Marlene knew her as Kaori. Ryoko sighed and
smiled at her.

"Oh sorry, I forgot. I was once known as Kaori. You know, the dark red
haired girl with green eyes."

Marlene was even more confused.

"Kaori?"
"Yeah, that's right. But my real name is Ryoko. I came from another
dimension."

Ryoko told her how she got there through the dimensional portal and
how she disguised herself, but she didn't told her why she was there.

"So....Ryoko. Why did you disguised yourself in the first place?"
"It's something personal and a very long story. But there's something
I need to tell you, so I'm glad I met up with you here."
"What is it?"
"I know that Trunks was too dense to notice before, but you have more
than just a crush on him."
".......", Marlene stayed silent for a moment, then spoke. "Yes, you're
right."
"You love him, don't you?" 
Marlene nodded. "He chose you, so I already lost the war."
"No I don't think you've ostyet."
"Huh?"
"I don't love Trunks, Marlene."
"What? If you don't love him, then why...."
"I thought that I would be happy with him, but I can't. Even so
he's a great guy and deserves someone special, like you."
Marlene was shocked, then her expression was sad again and looked away.
"What's so special about me?"
(That's what I always say when someone says I'm special. I'm so negative
with myself sometimes.)
"I admire your strength, not only physical, but emotional. You almost
remind me of myself. You don't take the crap that others say about you. 
You're very caring and sweet even when you don't want to show it, you're
willing to fight anyone who dares to cross your path. Even when your
not good for words, you know exactly what you want."
"Is there anything else?", Marlene asked.
"Yes, a lot more that even I can't explain. But if you really love
Trunks, you can never give up. Stop being so negative and so hard
on yourself, that won't get you anywhere. It will only make things 
worse and you'll stay on the same spot forever. Never changing, never
loving, never enjoying life. You have to stop hiding from your
problems and face them."

Marlene stayed silent as Ryoko's words sunk in. She was right.
Ryoko smiled at her again. 

"You're right.", Marlene said smiled mischieviously. "But for some 
reasons, I have a feeling that you're also hiding from something.
Am I right?"
Ryoko frowned. "That's none of your business."
"Yeah, that's why I think my problem with Trunks is none of your
business."
"Well, I guess were even."
"Right."
"Then, I must be going. I still need to do more thinking. See ya.",
Ryoko then walked off.
Marlene glanced at her one last time before turning around and 
leaving.
"Thank you, Ryoko.", she said quietly to herself as she smiled
sweetly.





Ryoko stayed on the forest for hours. She was having trouble clearing 
her doubts. She felt like her head would explode.

"Why do I still love Tenchi after what he did to me?! Why?! 
I'm suppose to hate him! What's wrong with me?! I have to forget 
about him!", Ryoko yelled.
Ryoko started to cry.
"I hate you Tenchi.", she whispered.

She continued walking around the forest. A few minutes later she 
stopped, feeling that someone was watching her. She looked around 
and saw nothing. She felt very uncomfortable by the presence
that was near her.

"Who's there?! Show yourself! Whoever you are, I know you're here!", 
Ryoko yelled.

She heard someone chuckled behind her, she turned around and saw a 
shadowy figure coming out from behind a tree. When she was able 
to see it clearly, she saw a woman with strange blue eyes, two
green, triangular marks on her cheeks, and long, light brown hair. 
She smiled at Ryoko.

"Who are you?", Ryoko asked keeping her distance.
"I can feel your anger and sadness Little Ryoko. I came here to help 
you, my niece.", she stated calmly.
"Niece? I don't have an aunt, so stop talking nonsense."
"I'm not talking nonsense Ryoko. I am your aunt, you see, Washu and 
Tsunami are my sisters."
"WHAT?!"
"Listen carefully, for what I'm about to tell you is very important: 
It happened more than 20000 years ago. Washu, Tsunami, and I were 
the three Goddesses that created the universe."
"Goddess?"
"Yes, immortal, and with infinite powers, the power to do anything. 
But it looked like Tsunami and Washu were getting bored with 
their lives as Goddesses. They retired from their place and
abandoned me. Tsunami, the youngest Goddess, placed herself inside a 
royal space tree from Jurai, the most powerful of all. And Washu,
the oldest and strongest of the three, put a great part of her 
Goddess powers inside three gems, the same ones she gave to you. 
Washu lost all memory about her Goddess life, that's why she doesn't 
know where her gems came from. Do you know the things you could do 
with all three gems?"
"What's the big deal? When I was with Kagato I had all three gems.", 
Ryoko said.
"You're right, but you never discovered the true power of the gems. 
Since you're Washu's daughter, that makes you a demi-Goddess, 
so you have powers of your own. You never knew about your own
powers since you used the gems all along, so you don't know how to 
control them. If you've combine those powers with the power of the gems, 
you could've killed Kagato in no time if you wanted."
"What do you mean by that?"
"What I'm trying to say Ryoko, is that you're destined to be a 
Goddess, just like me. To be immortal, to have infinite powers, the power 
to do anything you want. You can take revenge on Tenchi for
what he did, and Ayeka as well. You can join me."

Ryoko stood silent, she was shocked after hearing what she said. 
And she wondered if she was telling the truth. But after hearing her 
last words, Ryoko remembered something.

"So, it was you. You're the one that appeared in my dreams every night,
telling me to join you. Tell me who you are now.", Ryoko said.
"Alright, you have heard my name before. So you'll problaby be 
surprised. I'm Lady Tokimi."
Ryoko gasped. "Tokimi?! Yeah, I remember, you're the one who sent 
that jerk Dr. Clay to kidnap me.", she said angrily.
"I did it to get Washu's attention, I wanted to talk to her and 
convince her to come back where she belongs. Afterwards I found out 
about the powers hiding deep inside of you, so I decided
to go after you instead. But Washu was in my way, as well as that boy
Tenchi, they would never let me near you if they found out I wanted 
to take you away, so I used other methods."
"What methods?"
"Eight months ago, I saw you getting ill, and Washu was opening a 
dimensional portal, so I used that to my advantage. I used my 
powers to make Tenchi insult you, attack you, and humiliate you. 
That was enough to make you use the portal and lure you here."
"You mean that Tenchi didn't knew what he was doing? It was you?! 
YOU BITCH!! You did it to put me against Tenchi and get me away from him!"
"That's right. To talk to you I needed you to be alone, but even in 
this dimension, your new friends never left you alone. So I waited for 
the perfect time to strike. And now, I finally find you
by yourself."
"Alright, you've explain yourself, but you're wrong if you think I'm 
going to join you, I'm not interested in being a Goddess. And 
I bet you don't want me to be a Goddess for good methods.
So just leave me alone. I'm going back to Tenchi and tell him this 
was all a misunderstanding."

Ryoko walked away. Tokimi's eyes started to glow.
Three dark figures appeared in front of Ryoko.

"You have no other choice Ryoko. You will join us.", Tokimi said. 
"Allow me to introduce my three little comrades: Frieza, Cell, and 
Buu. Gentlemen please let her feel welcomed."

(Saiyan Moon Goddess: "I just had to use the word 'gentlemen' as a joke 
didn't I?")

"Frieza, Cell, and Buu? I've heard of you. You once fought against 
Trunks and his friends, but were defeated, aren't you suppose to 
de dead?", Ryoko said looking at them.
"We were dead. And now we're back.", Cell said.
"We owe it all to Tokimi.", Frieza said.

Ryoko got into a fighting stance, their eyes glowed red, and they 
charged at her.

To Ryoko's horror, the fight didn't last long, it was three against 
one, and they were much stronger than her. In a few minutes 
she was on the floor, her body covered in blood, burns, and 
bruises. She stayed motionless, the pain unbearable, it was worse 
than her training with Vegeta. The snow was getting red with her blood.

Frieza, Cell, and Buu stopped their attacks as Tokimi approached 
Ryoko's battered body.

"If you were a Goddess you could heal faster than you do normally. 
You wouldn't be in the condition you are now. Are you going to join us?"
"You can go to hell in my opinion.", Ryoko replied weakly.

Tokimi shook her head.
"Too bad, you'll have to. It's your destiny to be the most powerful 
Goddess in the universe. Besides, what would you do if you stay 
here? Wherever you go, Tenchi and Ayeka will continue to
follow you, making your life a living hell. Trunks and Vegeta, who 
are the closest to you, will probably end up doing the same 
thing.", she stated.
"No, they would never do that. Stop trying to confuse me!", Ryoko 
tried to get up, but screamed in pain as her broken bones 
clinched together and fell back down.
"Really? Let's see what they have to stay.", with that Tokimi's eyes 
glowed again.

Strange images appeared in Ryoko's mind, they came rapidly. Ones were 
of the day Tenchi hit and almost killed her. The others were 
pure fake, they were images of Trunks and Vegeta beating her
up, like in their training, but they were being more vicious, and 
were trying to kill her. Ryoko felt like she was going crazy, 
and tried to ignore the images.

Tokimi noticed that Ryoko was struggling in her mind.
"You're tought to convince Ryoko. But no matter, I can use other 
methods.", Tokimi said and her eyes glowed even reder.

Ryoko felt a stabbing pain in her head, and screamed in agony. Her 
scream could be heard all over the forest.



Tenchi flinched, holding his head. He felt a headache starting.
"What was that? I could've sworn I heard someone screaming, but far 
away. Was it my imagination?", Tenchi said confused.

Washu was in her lab, typing on her computer, when she felt a 
stabbing pain on her head. She screamed out loud, holding head. 
She fell on her knees.
"Ryoko!!"

Suddenly Tsunami appeared behind her. She wasn't smiling like she 
usually does, her face was of seriousness, and worry.

"Sister, she's here! You have to get to Ryoko now!", Tsunami stated. 
"You're right!", Washu got to her feet and ran out of the lab. She 
didn't have time to explain the situation to the others, she 
dashed out of the house, and headed to where she last felt
Ryoko's presence, the forest.

She flew through the forest (using her powers for the first time in
years), until she spotted something in the distance. She landed 
and saw Trunks, Vegeta, Goku, and Goten surrounding what
looked like a large puddle of red snow. She approached them, when 
she saw the red snow, she got worried.

"Where's Ryoko?!", she asked.

They all looked at her.

"We don't know, we were in Capsule Corp. when we felt giant ki leves 
coming from this place. When we got here we only found this 
blood covered snow. The last time I saw Ryoko, she was in this
forest, and now......I fear that maybe......this is Ryoko's blood.", 
Trunks stated, worried.

Washu was shocked, she was terrified.

"Oh on, I'm too late. Tokimi already has her.", she said in a low voice.
"What are you talking about? Who's Tokimi?", Goku asked.
"There's no time to explain. You all have to follow me back to the 
Masaki house NOW!"
"Why?", Goten said.
"Just do it!!"

Washu flew off and the others followed her. They headed toward the 
Masaki house as fast as they could.
"Damn it! If Tokimi has Ryoko, then she's going......she's going 
after..........", Washu thought.

To Be Continued...........







Saiyan Moon Goddess: "That's the end of this chapter. Yeah, I know, Ryoko
was kidnapped and problaby being mentaly controled, AGAIN!! On the 
next one: 'Tenchi gives Ryoko her gems back', BIG MISTAKE!"

Lady Vegeta4eva: "Don't miss it. Please REVIEW."



