Saiyan Moon Goddess : " MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL OF YOU!!! Just a few more chapters and this story is finished. Yes, that's how stories are, Ryoko is coming back. I just hate sad endings."

Lady Vegeta4eva : "Happy Holidays!"









~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess

~Chapter 24 : The Wish~



In just a few minutes, the twins came back from their house. Marlene was carrying a small bag. They landed in front of the others and Marlene opened her bag to reveal the seven dragonballs. Marlene placed them on the ground and motioned for the others to back away. They did so and she called on the Eternal Dragon.

He was gigantic. Tenchi, Washu, Sasami, and Ayeka stared at it with their eyes and mouth wide open.

"Tell me your wish. I will only grant two, so choose wisely.", the dragon said.

Marlene pushed Tenchi so he could face the dragon. He stepped foward nervously, but then he recovered and stood bravely.

"I wish for Ryoko to come back to life!", he said.

"So be it.", the dragon replied and his red eyes glowed. When they stopped glowing he said. "It's done. What is your second wish?"

Marlene stepped foward. "We want to save that one for later."

"In that case, I'll leave. Farewell.", the dragon said and disappeared.

The dragonballs scattered throughout the Earth. Everyone stared at the spot where the dragon was before he disappeared, when they heard a familiar voice behind them.

"Hey guys!"

Everyone turned around. Tenchi, Washu, Sasami, and Ayeka gasped in shock. There stood Ryoko looking at them with a cheerful smile.

"What took you so long to revive me? I thought I would wait forever.", she said.

"Ryoko.", said Tenchi recovering from his shock.

Tenchi ran to her and hugged her tighly, Ryoko hugged him back. Tenchi was overjoyed. She was real. Tenchi kissed her directly on the lips, not caring if everyone was watching them, and she kissed back.

They broke the kiss when they heard someone shouting.

"Go Ryoko and Tenchi!", and they heard two whistles.

Everyone turned their heads to where they heard the voices, It was Marlene and Viviana, they had an arm wrapped around each others' shoulders and were yelling cheerfully.

"Oh don't mind us.", Marlene said as everyone stared a them.

Everyone sweatdropped.



Washu approached Ryoko and Tenchi with a warm smile. Ryoko looked up at her.

"Mom.", she said.

Ryoko let go of Tenchi and hugged her mother. Washu (Still in her adult form) has never been so happy in her life. She also hugged Sasami and Ayeka (suprisingly), and walked to the Z warriors, clinging to Tenchi's arm.

Trunks walked to them. Ryoko glanced at him.

"Trunks, you...", she began.

"No, it's okay. I understand.", he interrupted her smiling.

Marlene whispered something to Viviana. Viviana nodded.

"Well, you guys, we have to go. We don't want to be rude, but we have to go.", Viviana said.

"Yeah, there's something very important we need to do.", Marlene said.

And so, the twin sisters flew off. Trunks glanced at them until they were out of sight with a sad expression.

Washu stood beside Ryoko, and faced her.

"Ryoko, now that Tokimi is gone, you know we have to go back. This is not our dimension. We're leaving tomorrow.", she said.

"But,.....I don't want to leave.", Ryoko said.

"I'm sorry Ryoko, you'll have to say goodbye to them.", Washu said.

Ryoko looked at the ground sadly while Washu turned to the Z warriors.

"It's very late at night, I think we should go home.", she said.

"Yeah, you're right. Come on Goten, Chi-Chi must be worried about us.", Goku said.

"Goodbye guys!", Goten said.

Goku and Goten took off. Ayeka walked to Ryoko.

"Ryoko.", she called.

"Yes?"

"I would have never imagine that you were a real goddess, your powers were incredible and......I thank you, for saving Lord Tenchi's life."

"Thank you Ayeka."

"I admire you for everything you've done, and I understand that Tenchi's heart belongs to you. I'm sorry for the way I treated you before. Could you forgive me?", Ayeka held out her hand. Ryoko took it. They shook hands.

"Sure.", Ryoko said.

"Oh, I almost forgot."

Ayeka took out the silver necklace with the diamond.

"I think this belongs to you.", Ayeka said.

"I didn't know I lost it. Thanks.", Ryoko said while she took the necklace and put it around her neck.

Ryoko turned to the others.

"It looks like this is my last night here. So.....I want to stay at Capsule Corp., since this is the last time.", Ryoko stated.

"In that case, I'll go with you.", Tenchi said.

"Thank you Tenchi."

"Sasami, Ayeka, and I will return to the house.", Washu said.

"Okay, see you tomorrow.", Tenchi said

Ryoko grabbed Tenchi by the waist, and along with Trunks and Vegeta, she flew to Capsule Corp.

When they arrvied, Vegeta went into the building, Trunks stayed outside, and Ryoko and Tenchi landed on the roof. They sat together, glancing at the stars in the night sky. Tenchi wrapped his arm around Ryoko's shoulders.

"I thought I would never see you again Ryoko.", Tenchi said.

"Me too. I will never die again, unless you come with me to the other side.", Ryoko replied.

"Likewise. But please answer me something. How was the other world like?"

"Kind of strange. When I got there, there were many other souls making a line. I guess I landed in the world between Heaven and Hell. I had to join them. There was a big, red skin guy with a hat with horns. He was sitting behind a desk and was sending the souls to Heaven or Hell."

"Where did he sent you?", Tenchi asked.

"At first he just stayed quiet, looking at some papers. He was impressed to find out that I was a goddess. After a while, he finally dicided to send me to Heaven. I was surprised, of course. After everything I did, I thought I was going to end up in Hell."

"But Ryoko, you know that you were forced to do those things."

"You're right Tenchi......Heaven was beautiful. I saw the battle between you and Tokimi. You were awesome Tenchi."

"Thanks........Hey! That reminds me. I wanted to give this back to you.", Tenchi said.

Tenchi took out Ryoko's gems and gave them to her, the gems were now shining red. Ryoko smiled.

"Tenchi, you're so sweet."

"I love you Ryoko."

Ryoko leaned her head to his shoulder.

"I love you too, Tenchi."

Tenchi grabbed her chin and pulled her face closer to his, they closed their eyes and kissed softly on the lips.



Trunks stood outside of Capsule Corp., staring at the night sky. It was snowing again, he felt cold and alone. He sighed deeply.

"Ryoko is leaving tomorrow. Even if she never loved me, I enjoyed the time we spent together while it lasted. She'll always be my friend. I'll miss her.", Trunks thought to himself.

He glanced at the coat he was wearing, it was the one Marlene gave him.

"Marlene, where are you?", he accidently said out loud, then he whispered looking at the ground, "I wish you were here."

"Trunks.", a voice called behind him.

Trunks turned around and saw Marlene standing beside a tree, smiling warmly at him. Trunks stared at her for a moment.

"She's beautiful.", he thought.

"Don't be shy Trunks. What are you waiting for?", Marlene said.

Trunks was so happy he forgot he was cold. He ran to her.

"Marlene!"

When he reached her, he picked her up and spun her around while they laughed happily together.

Trunks placed Marlene on the ground and they kissed deeply. When they broke apart, they looked at each others' eyes.

"Why did you ran off like that, Marlene?", Trunks asked.

"I'm sorry Trunks, I needed a little time to think things straight. Now my doubts are all clear. What about you?"

"My doubts are clear too. I love you with all my body, heart, and soul.", Trunks said holding her tight to him.

"I love you too Trunks. I always have."

They kissed again, more deeply and passionetly than the last one.



Ryoko and Tenchi watched Marlene and Trunks. They smiled at the kissing couple.

"I'm glad those two are together. Trunks could have never been on better hands. Marlene is very trustworthy. I would never trust anyone else to take care of Trunks.", Ryoko said.

"Yeah, you're right. They look perfect for each other.", Tenchi said.

They saw Marlene and Trunks entering Capsule Corp.

"I bet Trunks invited his new girlfriend for a sleep over. Marlene will enjoy this.", Ryoko said grining.

"What do you mean?", Tenchi asked.

"They're going to sleep together, but they won't go over that, yet.", Ryoko replied.

"Speaking of sleep, it's almost one o' clock after midnight. We should go to bed."

"You're right Tenchi. I'm so tired, and it's cold out here.", Ryoko said leaning to Tenchi's chest. "Would you like to sleep with me?"

Tenchi's face turned red.

"Oh don't worry Tenchi. I won't do anything, yet."

Tenchi sighed in relief.

"Come on Tenchi, let's go!"

Ryoko grabbed Tenchi's arm and teleported both of them to her room.



To Be Continued..........







Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Well, that's it for this chapter. TRUNKS LOVES ME! HE REALLY LOVES ME!!! Okay, Next one is : ' No Need for Goodbyes' : Will Ryoko leave, or will she stay?' "

Lady Vegeta4eva : "The next chapter is already planed, but what do you think? Should Ryoko stay in that dimension? Should Ryoko go back to her dimension? Review please."





*Check out my other story*

~Ginkoneko Hikari~ (Dragon Ball Z/Tenchi Muyo)

*Coming Soon*

~Twin Princesses Saga~ (Dragon Ball Z) (Prequel to "War, Loss, and Love")

~DBZ Becomes a Reality Problem~ (Dragon Ball Z) 