Saiyan Moon Goddess: Hi there, like I said before, this chapter has a sweet part. Hope you
enjoy it.







~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 3: Baby-sitter Kaori~


    At the mall, they went to a lot of stores and came out with bags full of clothes. Bulma used
 that oportunity to buy clothes for Trunks and herself, also to buy some more clothes for Vegeta
and Bra. Then they returned home so Bulma could prepare lunch. Kaori went upstairs to her room
and started unpacking when she heard a pounding noise coming from downstairs. She put away
all her clothes into her wardrobe and went to the kitchen. There she found Bulma preparing lunch, 
and Trunks and Goten sitting on the table. She approached them and started hearing the pounding 
noise again.
"Hey you guys, where is all that noise coming from?"
"What noise?", Bulma asked.
"The noise that is coming from the end of the hall? That's my dad training in the gravity room,
usually we don't hear him from this distance. You must have sensitive ears.", Trunks replied.
"Well, actually I do. Since I was little I've always heard the smallest noises. See you later
then."
Kaori left the kitchen without telling where she was going. Her curiosity got the best of her and 
she walked down the hall towards the gravity room! She approached the door but didn't open it,
she just looked through the window of the door and saw a machine inside the room. The screen of
the machine said: '3000g'.
"If Trunks said that this was a gravity room, then that must be a gravity machine. And if I'm
correct, it must be 3000 more the Earth's normal gravity. If I've enter the room I'd been as flat
as a pancake. Vegeta must be really strong if he can bear that.", Kaori thought to herself.
She covered her ears, the pounding noise was even lauder now. And she saw Vegeta fighting an 
invisible enemy, he was so fast that she could barely keep up with him. Normal humans could
never keep up with Vegeta's speed, not even with the eyes, so how come Kaori could?

   Vegeta suddenly stopped his hard training when he felt someone was watching him. He glanced
at the door and saw Kaori looking back at him, he walked to the door. When Kaori saw him walking
to her, she quickly turned around and ran away. Thinking that she was scared, Vegeta opened the
door, but he saw nothing.
"She couldn't have run that fast.", he thought to himself.
He traced Kaori's ki, and the strangest thing happened.
"What the hell is going on here? I can feel her ki in the walls."
He approached the wall and touched it with one hand, still feeling her ki inside of it.
Then her ki started to move and it disappeared. When he felt it appear again, he went back to
the gravity room and looked through one of the windows. He saw Kaori climbing a tree, a very
tall tree, about 11 feet tall the most (approximately). She sat on one of the branches,
not fearing the height, and stretched herself taking a deep breath. She saw an apple hanging
right over her head, and took it, burying her teeth in it and feeling the sweet and delicious
juice from the apple run down her throat. She could sense that Vegeta was staring at her but
she didn't look his direction.
"There's something very suspicious about that girl.", Vegeta thought to himself and went back
to his training.

   A few minutes later, Trunks came out of the house and saw Kaori sitting on the branch of a 
tall apple tree. He approached the tree and called out to her.
"Kaori, what are you doing up there?! I've been looking all over for you!"
Kaori looked down at him. "Hi Trunks, I just climbed here to enjoy the sight!"
"It's too high for you, I'll help you down, don't move from there!"
Trunks started to worry. He was levitating from the ground to go to her, but she stopped him
saying in a loud voice. "Don't worry about that Trunks, I can get down the fast way!"
Kaori jumped off the branch.
"KAORIIIII!!!!!!!"
Trunks flew to catch her. When Kaori was about to hit the ground, Trunks stopped, and so did
Kaori. He stood there in mid air with a surprised expression on his face. Kaori was falling
slowly, like she was floating or something (like a camera in slow motion). Her feet gently 
touched the ground, she turned around, and ran to Trunks.
"Hey Trunks, what a great landing huh."
Trunks looked at her hesitately. "Uhh...Kaori, did I just saw what I think I saw?"
"What? The only thing I did was jump off the branch and land on my feet. Is that so strange?"
Trunks stayed silent, with a dumb look in his face.
"Hahahahaha, you look so funny when you have that expression.......Well, whatever, let's go
have some lunch, I bet it's ready. We don't want to keep Bulma waiting."
She smiled and grabbed his hand, pulling him, together they entered the house.

   Kaori ate her lunch trying not to make any faces to Bulma. Lunch didn't taste any better
than breakfast, but because she was so hungry she ate it without saying a word. Trunks and Goten 
weren't enjoying lunch either, but Bulma would scold them if they complained. Bulma wasn't a 
very good cook.

  After lunch, Bulma was washing dishes, Kaori, Trunks, and Goten were sitting in the table
talking. Bulma interrupted them saying, "Hey Goten, I forgot to ask you of you could look after
Bra tomorrow while Trunks helps me at work."
"I'm sorry Bulma, but my mom wants me to help her clean the house tomorrow. I was going to ask
you to look after Pan because Gohan and Videl are going to be very busy."
"I can't, I am going to be too busy at work, Trunks is coming with me, and I don't think Vegeta
will do it."
After hearing the whole discussion about who could baby-sit Pan and Bra, Kaori stood up.
"I can take care of them."
Bulma, Trunks, and Goten stared at her. "But Kaori, do you know how to take care of little kids?
Bra is a five year old, and Pan is a four year old, both of them are very mischievous.", Trunks said.
"It's all right Trunks, don't worry. I can take care of kids younger than that. Just leave it
to me."
"Okay, then it's settled!", Bulma declared.

   That night, Kaori was on the roof of Capsule Corp. again, staring at the stars. The night
was calm and quiet.
"Kaori, what are you doing here?"
Kaori looked behind herself to see Trunks staring at her. She turned her atention back to the
stars, Trunks walked to her and sat beside her.
"What's wrong Kaori?"
"I couldn't sleep. That's all."
"You know, I would really like to know how you get up here. Is it something you can tell me?"
"There are things about me you don't know, things I will tell you when the right time comes. But
don't worry, it's nothing bad."
"I'm not worried, for some reason I feel like I can trust you.", Trunks smiled at her.
"Really?", she asked surprised.
"Yeah." Trunks put his arm around her shoulders and pulled her closer to him. "I don't want to
sound like Goten, but, you are so kawaii (cute). No, you're more than that, you're beautiful.
And I really like your eyes......They're so.....cat like."
Kaori smiled at that complement. Both of them stayed silent for a moment, looking at the stars.
Then Trunks spoke.
"Kaori, why couldn't you sleep?"
"......Is just that......I'm used to sleep at day, and stay awake at night."
"Why?"
"Because.....If you promise not to tell, I'll tell you.", she said shyly.
"Okay, I won't tell."
"I don't like to sleep in the dark, it makes me feel uncomfortable."
"Are you afraid of the dark?"
"Well.....maybe.....something like that."
"You don't have to be afraid of the dark. Come on, let's go to your room."
"....Okay."
Trunks picked her up and flew off the ceiling. Kaori's blushed, feeling strange in Trunks arms.
While he was descending to the window of Kaori's room, Kaori remembered something.
"Trunks, I forgot to ask you something. How did you learn how to fly?"
"I'm not he only one. Remembered when I told you about my friends and the enemies we had? They
can also fly, except for Chi-Chi, Bra, my mother, and Master Roshi."
"And one more thing, Is your father the strongest man on the planet?"
"No, Goku is the strongest. I told you my father is the second strongest. Why do you ask?"
"I saw the intense gravity he was training with and was barely able to keep up with him when I
saw him training."
"Barely? What do you mean by that?", he asked. "Normal humans can't keep up with my father's 
incredible speed, not even with the eyes. So how come you could keep up with him?"
"I don't know. I just did it, that's all."
"That sounds strange to me."
They reached the window and entered the room. Kaori walked to the bed and sat on it. Trunks walked
 to the door. Before he left, he turned around and looked at Kaori.
"Now go to sleep, and don't worry, with me and dad here there's nothing to be afraid of."
Trunks left the room. Kaori looked at the spot where Trunks was standing before he left.
"That's not what I'm afraid of.", she said in a low voice.


To Be Continued........





Saiyan Moon Goddess : That was sweet.
Lady Vegeta4eva: Are you sure about that?
Saiyan Moon Goddess: Of course, why wouldn't I be?
Lady Vegeta4eva: I don't know.
Saiyan Moon Goddess: Well the next chapter will be quite exciting. It's Kaori vs someone we all know.
Lady Vegeta4eva: You're going to make the readers guess?
Saiyan Moon Goddess: Yep! I don't think it will be too hard to guess. Who do you think will fight
with Kaori? Tell me your comments. See ya at the next chapter. Bye!




  