Saiyan Moon Goddess: "The ones who don't know who Kaori is and where Ryoko is, will have their
quiestions answered in this chapter. Maybe you'll also be a little confused. I don't have many
comments for now."






~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 12: Old Enemies~


Kaori was walking through the forest, the cold air was freezing her hair. But the city was colder
than that, must be the trees.

"I feel so alive now.", she whispered to herself.

She sat down on the snow and leaned back to a tree. She smiled.
Kaori looked up, and gasped. Giants snow boulders were falling from the tree and were going to
land on her!

"AAAAAHHHHHH!!!", she yelled before she was buried in the snow.


Tenchi walked through the forest, exploring. He thought he could find Ryoko where he least expected
it. Then he heard a scream that came from nearby.

"What was that? That kind of sounded like Ryoko. She's in trouble! Hang on Ryoko!", he said worried,
and ran to where he hear the scream.

He saw a mountain of snow that was big enough to cover a person next to a tree.

"Huh? Oh no.", he said and started to dig with his hands. When he reached the bottom, he saw Kaori's
face and sighed depressed. That wasn't Ryoko, but she needed help. He dug her out and she started
coughing, her mouth was filled with snow.

"Are you alright miss?", he asked while helping her to her feet.
"*Cough, cough* Yeah, I'm fine.", she replied. "What? Wait a minute! That voice!! It can't be!!!",
her mind screamed. She turned around and saw Tenchi, he was wearing a coat with a hat, and a
scarf.
"No that's not him. I'm in another place now.", she thought. She didn't recognized him, but he
reminded her of someone terrible.
"Thank you, whoever you are.", she said gratefully.
"I'm-", he tried to say his name but was interrupted when Kaori sneezed.
"I'm sorry. I must be catching a cold. I better go back home.", she said.
"Alright, be careful.", he said as she walked away.

Tenchi felt something about her. He followed her, not knowing why.

Kaori stopped walking when she felt she was out of sight. She sat down and leaned to a tree again.
She blinked her eyes several times and tighted her eyes together.

"Damn it! This things are starting to sting my eyes! Maybe it's time to wash them.", she said 
and took out a small box from her pocket, she opened it, removed her gloves, and moved her hand
to her eyes. She removed something from her eyes and Tenchi saw something that caught him off
guard. Golden yellow eyes!! Something he could only recognize on one person. He ran to her. Kaori
saw him and gasped, she wasn't expecting him to follow her.

"What do you think you're doing?! Why are you following me?!", she asked annoyed.

Tenchi ignored her and studied her face. His doubts were clear.

"Why are you staring at me like that?", she said.
"Ryoko.", he said in a low whisper, but she heard it.
"What?", she whispered, in total fear and shock and fear, and she almost lost her voice.

Tenchi was in shock too. That was Ryoko's voice, her face, and eyes, but not her hair. Tenchi got
doubts again, and there was only one way to clear them. He grabbed Kaori's left hand and pushed her 
coat's sleeve to see her wrist, then he saw something attached to it, a gem! He stood up.

"Ryoko, it's you! I finally found you!", he said happily.
"Who are you?", she asked snapping out from her shock.
"Ryoko, it's me! I came to take you home!", Tenchi took off his hat and she finally recognized him.
She got to her feet, terrified.
"Ryoko, what's wrong? Are you alright?"

Kaori (Ryoko) took a few steps backwards.
"No, this has to be another nightmare. Why do these nightmares have to torment me every time?!",
she exclaimed frustrated.
Tenchi was confused. "Ryoko?"
"NOOOO!!!! DON'T CALL ME THAT!!!!", she screamed and flew away from him.
"Ryoko, wait!!!", Tenchi yelled.

She didn't listen, she flew even faster, straight to Capsule Corp.

Tenchi was more confused, and worried. Why did she ran away like that? What was she affraid of?
Tenchi looked down and saw the box she had in her hands.
"She forgot it.", he said to himself.
He picked up the box and looked at it. The box had a crab mark on it.
"This box has Washu's mark on it. Maybe she knows what this is."


Kaori arrived at Capsule Corp. and ran to her room, almost crashing into Trunks, who arrived
a few minutes ago. She shut herself in her room and sunk to the floor crying silently. Then
she heard a knock on the door.

"Kaori, are you alright?", she heard Trunks' voice.
"I'm not feeling well Trunks, please go away. I need to be alone.", she replied.

Trunks walked away worried. Kaori then remembered the box.
"The box, I left it. Damn it! Now Trunks will suspect me. I have to cover my eyes before they find
out."

She stood up and went to a drawer, she opened it and took out a pair of sunglasses. She looked
at the mirror, straight into her revealed golden yellow eyes, that have been hidden for months.
She felt tears coming to her eyes.

"Why is this happening? Why is he here after what he did to me? I bet mother brought them, but, for
what? I won't go back. If I do my life will break down completely.", she said and put her sunglasses
on.


Washu was in the living room of the Masaki house with the girls. They were waiting for Tenchi to
coma back.

Tenchi entered the house and went to the living room.
"I'm back.", he announced.
"Did you find anything Tenchi?", Washu asked.
"Yeah, I found Ryoko.", he replied.
"You did?", said Sasami, and Ryo-ohki let out a few myas. "Where is she? Is she with you?"
"No, she's not with me.", he said sadly. "When she saw me, she ran away. I'm sorry, I lost her."
"She ran away? But why?", Sasami asked depressed.
"I don't know. But she left this box that has Washu's mark on it." he said showing the box.
"Give it to me Tenchi.", Washu said.

Washu recieved the box and opened it. She gasped in amazement.
"Hey, this are the special contacts lenses that disappeared from my lab!", she exclaimed.
"What special contact lenses?", Ayeka asked.
"I created these contact lenses three weeks before Ryoko ran away. They can block any signal.
Maybe that's why my mental link didn't work when we got here, and my computer couldn't mark her
exact location. Ryoko must have taken them before she got here.", she explained.
"You mean that your mental link can work now?", Tenchi asked.
"I'm not sure. Let me check." 
Washu closed her eyes and started searching. But she found nothing. The link was still blocked.
She opened her eyes. 
"I can't find her. The link is still blocked. She's probably blocking it with her own power. We'll
have to keep searching.", she declared.
"Okay, but we'll continue later, you all must be very tired. At least we know Ryoko's alright.",
Tenchi said.
"You're right. I'll make something to eat.", Sasami said and ran to the kitchen followed by Mihoshi
and Ryo-ohki.

Washu went to her lab and shut the door. She walked to the center of her lab, and when she was
sure that she was alone she said, "We found her Tsunami, but she's gone again. Do you know where
she is?"

Tsunami appeared in front of her.
"Yes, she is in a famous building called Capsule Corp. where the Briefs' family lives. I can arrange
things so you can go to her."
"Alright."

~Two Days Later~

Kaori refused to come out of her room, she only came out to eat or cook. Trunks tried to asked her
what was wrong with her, but she barely talked, he asked her why she had her sunglasses on all the
time, but she didn't answered. 
Trunks didn't talk to Marlene since he left her house. 
Tenchi and the others continued searching for Ryoko and Washu stayed in her lab.
Everything was going crazy.


In another place, a far away place, a place so dark and evil that it's own name described enough,
Hell.
Something strange was about to happen, very strange.

A dark figure appeared in the After Life. Nobody noticed it, it was invisible to them. The figure
entered hell, and deeper and deeper until it found what it was looking for.

"It's time.", he female voice was heard.

All of those who ended up in hell looked at the dark figure. The figure's glowing red eyes were staring
at three figures that were standing between the others. She descended and approached them, before
her stood the most dangerous enemies the Z warriors had years ago; Frieza, Cell, and Buu.

"I was looking foward to meet you guys.", she said.
"Who are you?", Frieza said.
"I am the one who came to free from this eternal prison.", she replied.
"And what makes you think we need your help?", said Cell.
"Oh, you do need it. If you want to take revenge on the ones who sent you to this place, I can give
you the power to do it. You can do what you want with them."
"Why do you want to free us?", Buu said.
"I need the Z warriors out of my way. If you can take care of them, you can do what you want with
the rest of the universe. Is your choice, and if you accept don't try to go against me, or I'll
kill you easily, I'm more powerful than all of you, I am immortal.", she said camly.

The three of them came to a decision fast. They looked at each other and nodded, then they looked
back at her.
"What do we have to do?", said Cell.
The figure smiled.
"I knew you couldn't resist my offer.", she said and in an instant, they disappeared.

To Be Continued..........





Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Strange, isn't it? Ryoko is afraid of Tenchi and ran away. Why? That's something
you're going to find out later. Frieza, Cell, and Buu disappeared from Hell. Kind of freaky isn't
it? Now everyone knows who Kaori was. Sorry, I tried to make you think she wasn't Ryoko, but it
only worked with a few of you. I'm sorry for all of you who liked Kaori."
Lady Vegeta4eva: "Next chapter is: Kaori's Secret: 'Kaori's secret is revealed. What is Ryoko so
afraid of?' In this chapter Ryoko and Tenchi will be face to face, all alone again. But what
will Ryoko do when Tenchi asks a very stupid question? And also, Washu and Ryoko will have a mother
and daughter conversation. It's sweet."
Saiyan Moon Goddess: "See ya at the next chapter. Review or no more."
