Saiyan Moon Goddess: "ATTENTION!! ATTENTION READERS, PLEASE! Like I said before, those of 
you who don't like Tenchi/Ryoko in this story, then read my story 'Ginkoneko Hikari'. 
That story it's different to this one."

Lady Vegeta4eva: "And HAPPY NEW YEAR for all of you!!"






~War, Loss, and Love~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess
~Chapter 25 : "No Need for Goodbyes~


The full moon appeared in the sky, iluminating it. Trunks and Marlene were sleeping 
peacefully in Trunks' room. Trunks had his arms wrapped around Marlene and he held her 
close to him. Vegeta and Bulma were sleeping together too (duh), and Tenchi and Ryoko 
were in Ryoko's room, deep asleep.

Ryoko suddenly opened her eyes. She saw Tenchi asleep while holding her. She unwrapped 
Tenchi's arms, careful not to wake him, and got up from the bed. She glanced at Tenchi's
sleeping form, then teleported herself to the roof.

Ryoko felt the cold wind blowing against her.

"It's just so hard to say goodbye. I won't leave this dimension, I don't have to. Tenchi 
and the others don't have to leave either. I'll make sure of that."

Ryoko closed her eyes and powered up. What was she planing to do? The Goddess symbol 
appeared on her forehead, and she changed into her goddess form. But this time she 
looked different. Ryoko looked down at herself. She looked older, her lips were red, 
her hair was still silver, but she didn't have the aura of feathers like last time, and 
her clothes were different. She was wearing royal robes, similar to Tsunami's and 
Tokimi's. She smiled at her new look.

Ryoko glanced at the night sky, now decorated by beautiful silver stars and a shining 
silver full moon, she smiled again. Tokimi's voice rang through her head as she 
remembered her words.

*The Power To Do Anything*

She raised her right arm, and her whole body started glowing in a silver aura.

"Please let this work.", Ryoko prayed in her mind as she closed her eyes.

Silver sparks were released from Ryoko's hand, they multiplied, and scattered throughout 
the planet. The Earth was engulfed in a giant silver glow. Then, the silver sparks went 
through the Earth atmosphere and scattered throughout the universe, also engulfing it 
in its glow. After two minutes, the silver sparks disappeared, and everything was back 
to normal.

Ryoko dropped out of her goddess form and fell to her knees shaking.

"That was more difficult than I thought.", she said to herself.


~The Next Day~


Tenchi woke up and saw Ryoko sleeping peacefully attached to him. He didn't want to 
wake her. He unwrapped his arms from around her carefully and got up from the bed. When 
he started to dress up, he heard someone whistle behind him. He looked behind his 
shoulder and saw Ryoko sitting in the bed, watching him taking off his clothes.

"Yeah, that's it baby. Do a striptease for me. Yeah!", she said out loud excited.
(I'm evil. I really am.)

Tenchi sweatdropped. "Ryoko."

"Oh don't mind me. And by the way, nice butt you have there Tenchi.", Ryoko said.

Tenchi's face turned crimson. Ryoko laughed at the look on his face.

"Ryoko, would you mind turning around so I can get dressed?"

"Oh okay.", Ryoko groaned and looke  the other way.

Tenchi sighed in relief and dressed up.


After breakfast, Ryoko, Tenchi, Marlene, Trunks, Viviana, Goten, Vegeta, and Goku went 
to the Masaki house. Everyone gathered up in Washu's lab.

Washu was typing in her computer with a worried look on her face.

"This is so weird.", Washu said.

"What's wrong Washu?", Sasami said.

"I can't find the portal I created to teleport us back to our dimension. It was here 
last night, and now it's gone!"

"Can't you just find our dimension again Washu?", Tenchi asked.

"I'm trying Tenchi, but I can't find our dimension either. It can't be. I saved the 
information on my computer for an emergency so I could find the dimension easily. But 
it's gone, I can't find the dimension anywhere.", Washu explained.

"You mean we're stuck in this dimension?!", Ayeka yelled panicked. She was worried that 
she would never see planet Jurai again.

"Yes and no.", said a voice behind them.

Everyone looked at Ryoko, who was holding the one year old Mayuka in her arms while 
smiling at them.

"Yes and no.", she repeated.

"What are you talking about Ryoko?", asked Tenchi.

"Yes, do you have anything to do with this?", Ayeka said suspiciously.

"You could say that. Yeah!", she replied happily. "You can't find our dimension because 
we're already in it."

"WHAT?!!!!!", everyone yelled, except the Z warriors, who looked at Ryoko confused.
"What did you do Ryoko?", Washu said.

"Well, not much. I just used my Goddess powers to unite our dimension with this one. 
They are now one."

"WHAT?!!!!!", everyone yelled again, this time including the Z gang.
"But that's imposible!", Ayeka cried.

"No it isn't. Is just like mom and Tokimi said before. As a Goddess I have the power to 
do anything. It was a real pain and it took a lot of energy, but I did it. I united the 
two dimensions!", Ryoko held up a "V" sign.

"Why did you do that Ryoko?", Mihoshi asked still confused.

"I know why. Ryoko didn't want to leave this place. She liked it too much.", Sasami 
said.

"That's right. We are staying here.", Ryoko declared.

"What about planet Jurai?", Ayeka said.

"Planet Jurai is in the same place as always, in this dimension of course.", Ryoko 
replied.

"And the Galaxy Police HQ?", Kiyone asked.

"The same place."

"And dad and grandpa?", Tenchi said.

"Your grandpa's shrine is in a mountain not far from here and your dad is with him. You 
can tell mom to place the house near the shrine if you want."

Everyone stayed silent.

"No more questions?", Ryoko asked.

"No.", everyone said in unision.

"Then if you excuse me, I'm going out for some fresh air. Wanna join me Tenchi?", Ryoko 
said and walked to the door. Tenchi smiled and followed her.

Outside, Tenchi found Ryoko standing next to a tree, playing with Mayuka.

"Ryoko.", he called her. Ryoko looked at him.

"Tenchi."

"Hey Ryoko, have you noticed the temperature is not as low as it used to be?"

"Yes, just a few weeks left until the snow melts. I can't wait. I just hate cold 
weathers. The only thing I enjoyed from all of this was Christmas and the snowball 
fights."

Ryoko walked behind the tree. Tenchi followed her and when he reached her, a big 
snowball hit his face. He slipped and fell to the ground. Ryoko and Mayuka laughed out 
loud.

"Oh yeah?", Tenchi said grining

Tenchi made a snowball and threw it at her. Ryoko dodged it.

"You can't get me that easily Tenchi."

They kept playing for a while. Tenchi only got to hit Ryoko a few times and Ryoko 
didn't miss a shot. Even Mayuka threw a few small snowballs and hit Tenchi twice in his 
face.


~Three Weeks Later~


The snow melted, spring came. It wasn't white and cold anymore, it was colorful and 
warm.


To Be Continued............





Saiyan Moon Goddess: "I'm almost finished with this. The next chapter concludes the story: 
'No Need For Triple LOVE!!!'. "

Lady Vegeta4eva : "The prequel to this story has been posted."

Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Please review."


*Check out my other stories*

~Ginkoneko Hikari~ (Tenchi Muyo/Dragon Ball Z)

~Twin Princesses Saga~ (Dragon Ball Z) (Prequel to War, Loss, and Love)

*Coming Soon*

~DBZ Becomes a Reality Problem~ (Dragon Ball Z) 

~Code Name: Jade~ (Powerpuff Girls)