Disclaimer:I don't own,profit from,or have any links to
Pioneer,Bandai,Toonami,and whatever company owns the Mobile Siuts I mention
here,and/or any of their creations.HOWEVER,the pilots of the Mobile Suits
are mine!

Author's notes:This fic includes violence.I also use phrases and scenes from
other movies.That's all.Now stop reading this.You might as well turn you're
heads upside down,because all this "Author's notes:" crap is worth
nothing.You hear me?NOTHING!SO STOP READING!NOW!              FINE!BE THAT
WAY!I'LL JUST START THE STORY!SO THERE!

Love,War,and Mobile Suits.-Chapter 1-"Orders"
Tenchi and the others are caught in a war;one that can't be stopped without
death!Tenchi and multiple Mobile Suits from diffrent Gundam universes.

It was a quite day at the Masaki household.
Ayeka:Ryoko!!!
Until now.But all good things must come to an end,right?
Everyone already knew why Ayeka was screaming.She was standing in the open
doorway of Tenchi's bedroom.She had screamed for 5 reasons:
1:Ryoko.
2:Ryoko.
3:Ryoko.
4:The fact Ryoko was sleeping right next to Tenchi.
5:The fact she forgot to wake up Sasami.
Ryoko:Good morning,Ayeka.How are you?
Ayeka:How dare you do such a thing to Lord Tenchi!
Ryoko:???(Looks to her right)Oh,this?You're suprised?
Ayeka:Of course!Lord Tenchi would never sleep with space rubbish like
you!You cretan!(said improprly)
Ryoko:Okay,first of all,it's 'cretan';if you're going to insult me,do it
properly.And second,what are you doing here,coming to Tenchi's room anyway?
Ayeka:What?How dare you acuse me of anything!
Ryoko:Why don't we wake up Tenchi and we'll ask him?
Ryoko began to shake his shoulder and repeat his name softly,but Tenchi was
still asleep.So,she put her hands on his shoulders and began to tickle his
neck.After a short time,he slowly opened his eyes.He wasn't aware that Ryoko
was right next to him in bed.
Tenchi:Oh!Good morning Ayeka!Did you sleep alright?
Ayeka:Is it true?Tell me!
Tenchi:Is that a no?
Ryoko(whispers seducingly):Good morning...
Tenchi:Huh?Oh,hello Ryoko.Wait...Ryoko!What are doing here?!
Ayeka:See?I knew it wasn't true!
Ryoko:You don't remember,do you Tenchi?
Tenchi:Maybe I don't want to remember!
Ryoko leaned over and began to whisper in Tenchi's ear.At first,Tenchi
didn't seem to mind,but after a few moments,he got a small nosebleed.Ryoko
saw this and began to tell more details.Tenchi's "small" nosebleed began to
increase,and when Ryoko finished,his face was as red as a beet.
Tenchi(Thinking):Wow...if what Ryoko says is true,...I hope Dad doesn't find
out!
Ayeka:I can't believe it,I won't!I will punish you,Ryoko,for your
crimes!It's about time someone disciplined you!
Ryoko:Fine!Let's step outside!
Ryoko stood up,then,blushing,sat back down,forgetting she was without
clothes.
Ryoko:I'll meet you outside Ayeka!
Ayeka:On no,you don't!I'm not that dumb!
Ryoko:Ayeka,I'm just wanting to get dressed.
Ayeka:Oh,very well.Come Lord Tenchi!
Ryoko(Thinking):She treats him like a dog.I'll beat her and free Tenchi of
that little whitch once and for all!

A few moments later...

Ryoko was stretching for the battle.Ayeka had called Azaka and Komidake,just
in case.Out of nowhere,Ryoko punched Ayeka in the left cheek.Ayeka fell on
her butt and looked up in suprise;she expected Ryoko to use her powers.Ryoko
saw her confuson and explained.
Ryoko:Rule No. 1:Expect the unexpected;I'm going to beat you fair and
square.Rule No. 2:Never drop your guard;That's why your'e on the ground.And
Rule No. 3:..............I forgot Rule No. 3!
Ayeka:You have made a fatal mistake by not using your'e powers Ryoko.
Ryoko:I think the reason all of our fights have been ties is because we are
too powerful.
Ryoko teleported behind Ayeka and threw her towards the lake.
Ayeka:You shouldn't have done that!
Ryoko:What?
Ayeka:You struck me!
Ryoko:Oh come on,that's not striking you...(At the same time.)THAT'S
striking you!Ryoko uppercutted Ayeka in the chin and now Ayeka was on her
back...on the other side of the lake.
When Ryoko reached Ayeka,she was on her hands and knees.Suddenly,Ayeka
tripped Ryoko,and she fell into the lake.Ayeka began to laugh and yelled to
Tenchi,who had been watching the fight.
Ayeka:Lord Tenchi!When Ryoko comes out of the water,get her attention!
Tenchi:Why?
Ayeka:To disract her,of course!
Tenchi wasn't really sure if he wanted to help Ayeka.It would hurt Ryoko too
much.I'll run and hide,he decided.He sneeked over,up a tree,and
waited.Several moments came and still no Ryoko.Even Ayeka was getting a
little nervous.She peeked over the edge of the lake,to see if she could find
her.
Ayeka:......Ryoko?
Ryoko:Yes?
Ayeka turned around only to have Ryoko knee her in the face.Blood flew out
of Ayeka's nose as she fell toward the lake.
Ryoko:By the way Ayeka!I remember Rule No. 3:Use your head!
Azaka and Komidake had caught Ayeka before she fell into the lake.Ayeka,with
her bleeding nose,glared at Ryoko.
Ryoko:Ewww...
Ayeka:Azaka!Komidake!Attack!
Azaka and Komidake:Yes,Princess!
Just before they got the chance,there was a LOUD explosion,and when the
smoke cleared,Tenchi saw Azaka and Komidake,on the ground,black and charred
and smoking.Ayeka gasped,then looked up at Ryoko with anger.
Ayeka:I am not suprised in the least bit!You went against your word and used
your powers!
Ryoko:I didn't do it.
Ayeka:Then who...
>From behind Ayeka,came a huge robot.It only had one eye and was green.It
didn't have a nose or a mouth.In its right hand it held a gun,one so big
only it could pick up.On its right shoulder there was a long shield,and on
the left,three small spikes.Other than that and it's huge size,it looked
like a normal person.It pointed the gun at Ryoko and from nowhere,it
seemed,spoke.
Matthew:Your'e under arrest,space pirate Ryoko!
Ryoko:Oh yeah?You and what army?
>From Ryoko's right,came another one.And from behind,another.And soon,there
were four more of them around her.Ryoko looked at her odds of
winning,and,coming to a conclusion,explained her plan.She held her hands up
and fired at the first one that had appeared.Using the shield,the robot
rotated his waist and blocked the shots.
Matthew:Fine,you want to play hardball?I'm game!
He locked on her and fired.Ryoko tried to fly out of the way,but the blast
was too large,and it caught her,from the chest down.She screamed and
fell,and hit the ground,lifeless-like.Tenchi rushed over to her to see if
she was okay.Just before Matthew got another lock,a beam penetrated through
the robot's arm's,blowing both of them off.He turned to his right,and fired
6 missiles from his chest.Gunfire errupted from the forest,as the missiles
were destroyed.A second shot came,this time,from the air.It blew off the
right leg of the huge robot.It lost it's balance,and fell,defeated and
helpless.
Matthew:Feds!All units,fire at will!
The other robots began to fire at the hidden attackers.One of the
soldiers,Tilo,spotted the enemy.He proceeded quickly to inform the others.
Tilo:Enemy spotted!Location:45 degrees to my location's left!Cordinates are
...
By now,the enemy had already spotted him,and now Tilo's robot,like
Matthew,was down and helpless.Ayeka thought it was time to take action.She
zapped at one of the robots,and it's eye dissappeared,and it stopped
moving.Ayeka smiled,then chose her next target.But by the time she turned
around,one of the robots had a lock on her.She gasped and tried to shield
herself. SPLOOSH!
Before the robot could fire at Ayeka,something rose from the lake.Its head
was dome-like,and had one eye.It had a small body,and short arms and
legs.But it had no hands;instead,it had a small hole where the hand would
have gone.Around the hole was a metal rim,with six small bumps along the
rim.This new robot punched the machine gun away.It jumped out of the
water,and as it prepared for a punch,the six bumps on the end of the rim of
it's arm extended,and purple,glowing claws came forth.The robot punched at
the attacker's head,which blew it right off.The claws retracted,like a cat's
claws.
Brandie:One down!One to go!
A 15-year old girl was in the cockpit of the giant machine respsonsible for
saving Ayeka.And Ayeka was grateful.
The robot that Ayeka had dissabled,however,had been manually reactivated,and
had a lock on Brandie.He fired.The shot was slightly off,as the laser hit
the robot's left arm.Cursing to herself for dropping her guard,she fell back
into the lake.She looked at the status of the left arm.She couldn't use it
in this battle again,that's for sure.Remebering her training,she shut off
all valves that would cause her to sink.And,with that taken care of,she
activate the intercom to inform the others.

Meanwhile,back on the suface,the robot that had shot Brandie was searching
for his next target when a shot blew his gun away.A second shot blew off his
right arm.And another one shot the other one off.Another robot came from the
jungle.This one was blue,short,and it's legs were even shorter than
Brandie's robot was.It had two missiles on it's back,and had a V-shape on
it's head.In the middle was a single red eye.(Why do all of these machines
have one eye?)The odd thing was it had four "toes" on it's feet.But what
really caught your attention was it's arms;they were three times as long as
it's body,and five sharp fingers was on the end.Like Brandie's machine,it
also had a hole in it's palm. It reached it's long arms and grabbed an axe
from the attacker's waist.
Caleb:How dare you!You'll regret ever laying eyes on her!
This young man,also at the age of 15,had black hair,brown eyes,and had a
temper to match.And his moral boundaries were NOT to be questioned.He had a
weak spot for Brandie,and wouldn't stand and watch as she was shot.So,he
took action.
He used the flat side to strike the robot's face,chest,back,and legs.The
armor on the robot began to wear off,and lose
power.WHAM!WHAM!SMACK!CLANG!SMACK!CLANG!WHAM!
Caleb:Now,to finish you off!
He threw the axe at his head,which chopped it right down the middle.The
robot was still active,though.Caleb was suprised at this move.He put his
robot's right palm out,and from the hole,came gunfire.It stuck the
attacker,and tore right through the armor.The robot,now destroyed,fell and
soon after,exploded.As soon as the robot exploded,Caleb began to run to the
lake.He activated the intercom to see if he could get a hold of her.
Caleb:Brandie!If you can hear me,please respond!
Nothing.
Caleb:Brandie!Are you there?Please answer!
Silence.
Caleb:Fine!I'm coming after you!
Brandie:I'm right here.
Caleb:Huh?
Caleb turned around to find that Brandie's robot was standing right behind
him.He blushed,feeling like a total fool.
Caleb:Why didn't you tell me you were there in the first place?
Brandie:I kind of enjoyed watching you doing that.And I think the others
agree,right guys?
Brandie had sent Caleb's cries to the other members of their team.Everyone
was laughing their heads off.
Now Caleb really felt foolish.But still, his sense of revenge got the best
of him.He smacked her robot in the face.He smiled as he did so.But soon
regreted it when she counterattacked with a right punch to the stomach.
Brandie:Your'e getting on my nerves!So watch it!
Caleb:Watch this!
Using his arms as a ground,he stretched his arms and did a backflip.From his
feet came fire,adding more power to the kick.
Brandie was suprised at this move;she didn't think he would go this far.As
soon as she landed,she charged at him.At the last second,she rolled into a
ball and knocked Caleb right into the lake.He reached onto his back and
pulled out a missile.Applying pressure,he constricted the missile into it
expoloded...into three more missiles.They shot into the lake and caused an
explosion,throwing him onto the other side.Brandie and Caleb stood,waiting
to see who would attack next.
Josh:Both of you!Stand down!
They both relaxed,but at the same time,knew they were in trouble.Josh was
the commander of this team,and fighting other
team members is forbidden.And for going against the rules of this little
chess game they were in was severe punishment.
Josh:Brandie!You started this fight,did you not?
Brandie:Permission to speak,sir!
Josh:Denied.Answer the question,private!
Caleb:Permission to speak,sir!
Josh:(sigh)Granted.But make it quick,or you'll recieve worse punishment than
she will!
Caleb:Sir,I take full responsiblity for the battle!I made her angry before
we came to this place.She was only doing what you would have done,sir.
Josh:Is this true,Brandie?
Brandie:Yes...
Josh:Alright,Caleb,for being honest,you are to recieve no punishment.And
Brandie,the same thing goes for you too.Now,
get out of your mobile suits and report all visual damage on your mobile
suits.Make a list of damage and how bad the damage is.Reports are due in
30-minutes.That goes for all of you.Move!
Caleb sighed and opened the cockpit door.He pulled the cord out of the
doorway and pressed the "down" button.Once he got to the ground,he started
to inspect his mobile suit,to see what kind of damage had been done to
it.The only damge was from the quarrel he and Brandie had.Now that he was on
the subject,he began to wonder where she had learned that
rolling attack;it had crushed one and a half of his armor,and he only had
three layers of the stuff.He turned around to find
the Acguy,Brandie's mobile suit,at rest.He spotted her on a maintenance
ladder,fixing the left arm of Acguy.To any other boy,she looked normal.But
to him,she was absolutely gorgeous,with olive-brown eyes,blond hair,and
kissable lips.She looked down at the ground and asked someone
something.Then,she turned back to her work.But in so doing,she noticed Caleb
looking at her.She waved and went back to work.He saw this and blushed.He
made a list of the damages to the Hy-gogg,the name of his mobile suit,and
stuck them to a clipboard.He got back on the cord and when he got back in
the cockpit,he already knew what he was going to do.He was going to check
his mail.Members of mobile suits were given an address,and could send them
between each other in case the intercom was out of reach.You would pull out
a microphone and speak what you want to send.What you say is recorded and is
sent when you are done.But it was like E-mail;it wasn't quite as fast as the
intercom,and didn't always mak!
e it to the person you want to send it to.
He accessed his mailbox and saw he had a few new ones.But the one that
caught his eye was the one he had been hoping was there.It was from
Brandie.He opened it and listened to it.It was kind of short,but was still
worth hearing.It read:
                          "Thanks.I owe you one"
He smiled and decided to reply.He pulled out the microphone,and pushed the
"record" button on the side.When the red light began blinking,he started
speaking.

Tenchi:Will she be alright Washu?
Washu:She's doing just fine.She should be her normal self by dinner
time.Now,show me to our visitors.
Tenchi led everyone outside.They all stared at the machines in front of
them.The pilots were out and were making repairs.
Mihoshi:Wow!They look like bigger versions of our exo-suits,don't they
Kiyone?
Kiyone:Yeah,they do.
Washu:Not bad for Earthlings...
Tenchi:That makes two of us.
Kiyone:(giggles)
Tenchi:What is it,Kiyone?
Kiyone:See the two really short robots over there?
Washu:Those two right there?
Kiyone:Look how the boy acts around the girl.
Washu pulled out a pair of binoculars and got a better look.The boy was
staring at the girl.Then the girl spotted him and waved.He blushed and went
back to work.Then he took a ride back to the cockpit and  began
working.Soon,a smile came upon his face,and began to talk in a
microphone.Washu smiled.
Tenchi:Oh,I see.Theyr'e so young,but it's never too late to start,right?
Washu:Definetly.
Washu directed her attention to the girl.She was working hard on her robot's
left arm.She stopped and sighed,sweating and tired.From behind,came a pair
of hands and rested them on her shoulders.She gasped in suprise.
Washu:(thinking)I wish I could hear from here.

Brandie was working very hard on her mobile suit,until she just couldn't go
on.She lifted the shield protecting her face from sparks and sighed.She
whiped her brow from sweat and was about to get back to work when a pair of
hands rested on her shoulders.At first she was alarmed,but whoever was there
began to massage her shoulders.She relaxed and shut her eyes.She occasionlly
moaned in pleasure,because it felt so good and relaxing.Every now and
then,she would say things like  "A little lower,please.","A little
softer,please.",or something like that.
Brandie:A little harder please.
Caleb:You sure catch on quickly.
Brandie:(gasp)I'm not suprised.
Caleb:About what?
Brandie:That your'e doing this.
Caleb:You want me to stop?
Brandie:No!I mean...
Caleb:You know,this report is due in five minutes.
Brandie:It is?Oh man,I'm not done yet!
Caleb:I'll help.
Brandie:Are you sure?
Caleb:No problem.Just lend me a cable.
Brandie:Here you go.
Caleb:I'll check the rest of the Acguy with the cable.(seducingly)You just
keep doing what your'e doing.
With that,he kissed her on the cheek.He swung the cable and threw it
upward,trying to look like a pro,but it bounced off and hit him on the head.
Caleb:Ow!
He tried again,and got it right.He winked at Brandie,and,using the Acguy as
the ground,he ran along the mobile suit to check for any more damage.Brandie
was red with embarressment,and after a few moments,started to work again.

1 hour later...

Caleb:I want to thank you all for your hospitallity.
Brandie:I propose a toast,to the Masaki family and everyone here.
Josh:Cheers!
As everyone drank,Brandie drank her's the fastest.She was starving,because
she hadn't eaten in two days.Her comrades soon followed,scrafing their food
down.When they slowed down,it was really quite.Tenchi decided to start a
conversation.
Tenchi:So,I never caught your guy's names.
Caleb:Oh!Your'e right.How rude.I'll introduce you.My name is Caleb.This is
Josh,our commander,that's Kyle,our radar expert.And this (blushing) is
Brandie.
Everyone:Hello!
Kiyone:So,who are you guy's anyway?
Kyle:Well,we were sent here t...
Josh:Soldier,restrain your self!
Kyle:Oops.Sorry.I forgot,we can't tell.You understand.
Kiyone:Of course.
Brandie:If you'll excuse me...
Caleb:You okay?
Brandie:Yeah.I'm just full,that's all...
As she walked upstairs to bed,Caleb watched her carefully;something was
wrong.
Ryoko:Got your nose open,I see.
Ayeka:Of course.I fully agree.What the heck does that mean?
Kiyone:Ayeka,it means Caleb is in love.
Ayeka:Oh!I see.
Ayeka scooted close to Caleb and poked him in the arm.
Ayeka:So,who is she?
Caleb:She just walked up those stairs.
Ayeka:Who?Brandie?(humph)I think Sasami is a more suited girl for you.
As soon as the words left her mouth,Caleb jumped up,angry as...well,he was
pretty angry.
Caleb:Take that back!
Ayeka:Or else what?
Josh:Stand down,private!
Caleb:No!I will not permit anyone to speak about her in such an
inappropriate way!
Josh:I said,stand down!
Caleb:No!
Josh:Do it or both you and Brandie will be relieved of your duty!
Caleb:Grrr...Oh,alright.For her...
Everyone sat in silence as they ate.Eventually,everyone was in bed.But Caleb
couldn't sleep;he was too worried about what was wrong with Brandie,if
anything.After a few hours,he got up and tried to walk it off.He got dressed
and headed for the living room door.Once he was in the living room,he
thought he heard something.He waited a few moments,and decided he just
imagined it.He continued towards the door.
???:Where are you going?
Caleb:Aahhh!
Brandie:Relax,it's just me.
Caleb looked at the couch to find Brandie was sitting on the couch,with a
drink in her hands.She looked tired,like she couldn't sleep either.
Caleb:Oh,it's you.Hi.
Brandie:Hi.     Are you going to answer me or just sit there?
Caleb(thinking):Boy,she's grouchy!
Caleb:I couldn't sleep.I was going to go for a walk.
Brandie:Oh.
Caleb:So what are you doing up?
Brandie:Couldn't sleep either.
Caleb:Oh.
Caleb(thinking):Should I ask her or not?It couldn't hurt,could it?No,I
better not.She looks tired enough as it is.So I'll pass.
Caleb:Do you want to come with me?
Brandie:Huh?Oh,I don't think so...
Caleb:What are you going to do,sit here and mope until the sun rises?
Brandie:No...
Caleb:Well than...shall we?
Brandie:......Sure,why not?
She set the glass down and headed toward Caleb.He opened the door and began
to walk.Brandie found herself next to him. After what seemed like
hours,Brandie decided on the question that had been in her head ever since
she went on this walk.
Brandie:Can I show you something?
Caleb:Uh,sure.
Brandie:Well than,follow me.
She started to run.He ran after her.After a little while,she stopped in
front of the lake.She climbed on top of a large boulder,were it was flat on
the top.He climbed up next to her.
Brandie:Look at the water.
The moon was lighting the entire night up,and it made the water sparkle and
shine.It was a beutiful sight to behold.Caleb found himself speachless.
Brandie:Beutiful,isn't it?
Caleb:Yeah...How do you know about this spot?
Brandie:Ryoko told me about it.
The two of them sat in silence for a little while,admiring the scenery.Caleb
wanted to ask her something he had been wanting to ask her ever since the
two of them met on this crazy job.
Caleb:Can I ask you someting?
Brandie:Sure.
Caleb:Do you think I should do what I want to do in my future,and not let
someone else decide for me?
Brandie:Definetly.You should get out there and ride your own path.
Caleb turned around and looked at her.
Caleb:Hmm.......You want to come with me?
Brandie turned to look at him.She should have seen that one.Caleb leaned
over and kissed her passionately.She was suprised at this move;Caleb was
usually so shy.But she didn't know what else to do at the moment,so she just
kissed him back.The moonlight shone on them as they kissed.Caleb increased
the embrace by gently setting her on her back.Both of them were too caught
up in their emotions to stop now.The two lovers kissed for what seemed like
eternity.But all good things must come to an end,as Caleb lifted his lips
from Brandie's and stared into her eyes.He wasn't quite sure what came over
him,but he liked the results.
He got off of her and stared at the moonlight and how it reminded him of
Brandie:bright,soothing,powerful,and beutiful.
Brandie sat up and looked at Caleb,just because she felt like it.She leaned
over and kissed him on the cheek.He whispered
in her ear:
Caleb:I love you.
Brandie:I love you too...
She layed him on his back and continued where they left off.(And NO,they did
not have sex!)

The next morning...

Tenchi woke up to the sound of Ryoko's voice.At first,he thought she was
sleeping with him again.He checked next to him and found she wasn't there.He
heard her voice downstairs,with someone else.He got out of bed,got
dressed,and headed downstairs.He found Ryoko,talking with Brandie.Ryoko was
smiling,and Brandie was blushing.
Ryoko:What happened next?
Brandie:We headed back here,that's all.
Ryoko:Yeah right.I don't believe you!
Brandie:Oh well.Believe what you want.
Tenchi:What's all the excitment about?
Ryoko:Brandie was just telling me about...Ow!What did you do that for?
Brandie:Nothing at all!It's just pointless girl stuff.Go!Shoo!
Tenchi frowned and shrugged.
Sasami:Breakfast time,everybody!
Soon,everyone(except Washu) was at the table.After a brief prayer to
God,they began to eat.Ryoko kept a close eye on Brandie.Using his
chopsticks,Caleb grabbed something from a dish and set it in Brandie's bowl.
Caleb:Try this.It's good!
Brandie shot a look at the food Caleb had set in her bowl,and then took a
bite of it.Ryoko saw this and knew something
happened that Brandie had not told her about,but couldn't put her finger on
it.Once everyone had finished,Washu came out of her lab with a videotape.
Washu:Good morning,everyone!
Everyone:Good moring,Little Washu!
Washu:Well,shoot.Did I miss breakfast?
Sasami:Yeah.But don't worry,I saved you some!
Washu:Why thank you Sasami!Such a thoughtfull child!
Sasami:Thanks Washu!I'll go get it ready for you.
Washu:Thanks!Hey Tenchi?
Tenchi:Yes,Little Washu?
Washu:Can I put a movie in?
Tenchi:Sure,just keep it down.Dad's still trying to sleep.
Washu:Sure thing.
Washu walked into the living room and stuck the video in her hand inside the
V.C.R.She pressed PLAY and sat on the couch.Ryoko wanted to know what she
was watching,so she took a quick peek.
Ryoko:Isn't that you,Brandie?
Brandie:Huh?
Everyone walked into the living room to find Brandie and Caleb on the T.V.It
was a recording of last night,when they were taking their walk.
Caleb on T.V.:Hmm...You want to come with me?
When everyone saw this part,they went "Ooh!"Except Brandie and Caleb,of
course;they were turning bright red.
Ryoko:I knew you left something out,Brandie.
Tenchi:Oh,so this is what you two were talking about?
Brandie:Yeah,that's it all right.
Ryoko:Ooh!Go Brandie!
Ayeka:(humph)Simply disgusting.
Caleb turned around and punched Ayeka in the face.She fell,unconscious,to
the ground.
Caleb:How did you do this Washu?
Washu:I sent a Spy-Bot after you two lovebirds.It was quite easy,really.
Kyle:Too bad I have to do this.
Josh:What was that?
BAM!
Josh fell,with a small hole in his left shoulder.Kyle was at the top of the
stairs with a blaster in his right hand.The barrel was smoking.
Caleb:What?Kyle?
Kyle:Sorry,but I have my orders.
Caleb:What orders?
Kyle:To kill you.
Caleb:Why?
Kyle:My master needs your death to be confirmed.
Caleb:Who is your master?
Kyle:His name is...I forgot.
(everyone falls over with a crash!)
Kyle:My master gets everything,should you die.
Caleb:You mean my heritage?
Kyle:Yes.Now,enough talk.I will send you to hell.
Caleb:Save me a seat.(He heard that on Buffy:The Vampire Slayer,and has
always wanted to say that ever since.)
With that,Caleb jumped to the left,just as Kyle shot at where he was.He ran
up the stairs and performed a jumping-
roundhouse and hit Kyle in the back of the head.He screamed and fell to the
ground.He got up and shot at Caleb...
and missed.Brandie hit him over the head with her cupped fists.He fell to
the ground,unconscious.Caleb jumped down to the living room.He came up to
Brandie.
Caleb:Thanks,sweety.
Brandie:Your'e welcome.
Caleb took Brandie in his arms and kissed her.Neither of them cared that
everyone was watching.When they separated,they
looked down at Kyle.
Brandie:So,what exactly is it that you inherited?
Caleb:Have you ever heard of the Wing Zero mobile suit?
Brandie:Yeah.
Caleb:Well,my father was a genius.He built a custom and put it in his will
for me to inherit in case he should die.He did,
two years after he...
BLAM!
Caleb stopped and felt at the hole in his  back.The bullet hadn't completly
gone through him,so it was stuck in his body.He fell to the ground,not
flinching at all.Brandie gasped with tears in her eyes.But that's not all
that was there:Anger,revenge,
etc.She screamed and launched herself at Kyle.He shot at her twice.She
stopped,dodged the first one,and docked under the second one.Kyle is so
shocked at this,he droppes his gun.Brandie sees this and slides across the
ground,kicks him in the...the one place it would hurt the most.She tripped
him,She performed a backflip,caught the gun,landed,and aimed it at Kyle's
head.She pulled the trigger.
Click!Click!
The gun had run out of ammo.
Kyle smirked and kicked her in the chin.She fell backward,dropping the
gun.Kyle picked Caleb up and ran for the door.Ryoko fired at him,but before
the blast hit him,he pushed a button on a small device on his belt.A shield
surrounded
him,and the shots were absorbed,but he dropped Caleb.Afraid the shield
wouldn't hold,he ran outside and climbed into his mobile suit.It was a
Sazabi model.It was red,with a shield on the left arm.It was outlined in red
and was black in the middle.In the other hand was a gun.It had thick armor
and thick legs & feet.
Kyle started up the Sazabi to complete his mission.The mobile suit jumped up
and landed in front of the house.He tore off the roof and reached into the
inside.He picked up Caleb in his hands.With that,he flew off.
Brandie:NOOO!
She ran to her mobile suit and climbed inside.She turned it on and instantly
got a sign in the main moniter.It read:
New mail.
She ignored it and activated the thrusters.But they didn't respond.She got
out and,using the cable like Caleb had the other
day,ran along the Acguy.She found the jetpack had been torn up,cables ripped
out,outputs trashed,etc.
She slid down the cable until she hit ground.She let go of the cable and
sank to the ground on her knees.She looked to the sky,where she could just
barely see the Sazabi Kyle was in.Tears came to her eyes.She felt she could
have saved him,if only...
Brandie:I'm sorry...

To be continued...

*****************************************************************************
Author's notes:Hope you enjoyed the story!I'm working on the next chapter,so
keep coming back.Next,Chapter 2:"Rescue"
Tenchi and the others go after Kyle to rescue Caleb.But what lies ahead may
be too much for them them to handle...by themselves,that is.