Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo or Star Wars. Tenchi Muyo is owned 
by AIC/Pioneer and Star Wars is owned by George Lucas.

A/N: This is a Tenchi/Star Wars fusion. It, though, does not follow the 
exact story line. Actually, I am going to add some things of my own 
idea. The best way to word this fic is Star War-ish. Anyway, enjoy!


Wars Across The Galaxy
Chapter One


Planet Koytark, three billion miles away from the Earth's atmosphere. 
It is found the galaxy of Mishrik, which is an unknown galaxy to that 
of the Milky Way. On this planet, a young boy named Tenchi Masaki is 
hard at work on the farm fields next to his house. This young man would 
never believe about the journeys that he was about to embark on.

"Tenchi!" beckoned a female voice. "It's time for lunch!"

"Ok! I'll be right there!" he responded. Tenchi then threw down his hoe 
and ran home.

Once he got there, his parents welcomed him. They're names were Achika 
and Nobuyuki Masaki.

"Hey, mom, dad," he greeted, breathlessly.

"Hello, son. You made it back quicker than usual. I'm impressed," said 
Achika.

"Don't tell me that you timed me again!" groaned Tenchi.

"Uh huh! Three minutes and fifty seven seconds!" exclaimed Achika.

"Dad, we really need to get rid of that watch of hers," muttered 
Tenchi.

"It's not so bad, Tenchi. Besides, she loves that watch. She wouldn't 
give it away for the world," said Nobuyuki.

Tenchi didn't say anything, but growled instead as he sat down at the 
table for lunch.

"What did she make today?" Tenchi asked whispering.

"I don't know, son. She never tells me anything," replied Nobuyuki, 
whispering as well.

Achika then appeared out of the kitchen with a steaming pot. She opened 
up the pot and let her son and husband see what she cooked.

"Umm.mom? What is that?" asked Tenchi.

"It's squashed fish eggs along with seaweed and Meltark meat," said 
Achika with a beaming smile.

"Sounds delicious, honey," said Nobuyuki with a cheerful smile, who was 
inwardly cringing at the thought of actually tasting the food.

Tenchi grumbled at the sound and sight of the food. He liked Meltark 
meat, but the rest of it sounded gross to him. He decided to make 
conversation, so that he could take his time on the food and not eat it 
all at once.

"Hey, mom, dad?" he said.

"Yes, dear?" asked Achika.

"Yes, son?" asked Nobuyuki.

"I have finally decided what I would like to do with my life," said 
Tenchi.

"And what may that be?" asked Nobuyuki.

"I have decided to go to the Jurai Academy to become a Jurai warrior," 
said Tenchi.

Achika nearly spat out her food and Nobuyuki just sat there looking 
stunned and speechless.

"Son, I thought that we discussed this," said Nobuyuki after five 
minutes of silence.

"Yeah, I know, but it sounds like so much fun. I don't want to plow out 
on the fields all day long," said Tenchi.

"Well, at least it's honest work," Nobuyuki said pointedly. "I don't 
think that you should go."

"Well, my mind has already been made up. Besides, I have the money and 
I'm an adult now, I can make my own decisions," said Tenchi.

Nobuyuki sighed. "I just don't think that it's a good idea. You might 
get hurt."

Tenchi quirked an eyebrow at him. "I think that I've been trained 
pretty well for danger, so I won't get that hurt and you know it. 
There's gotta be another reason that you don't want me to go."

"I just don't want you to end up like one of your relatives did. Dead," 
said Nobuyuki.

Tenchi looked confused. "Dead? Who died?"

"Your grandfather's sister," said Nobuyuki.

"She was a Jurai warrior?" Tenchi asked with skepticism smearing his 
voice. "I thought that women weren't allowed to join the Juraian 
forces."

"They're not," his mother piped in. "But she got away with it."

"How did she do that?" asked Tenchi.

"She disguised herself as a man, that's how," said Achika. "Besides, 
she was a good warrior."

"How and when did she die?" asked Tenchi.

"When she died is easy. She died in the Wiorgin Battle. I think that 
you might have heard of it," said Achika.

"She died in that battle?" asked an astonished Tenchi. "Now, tell me. 
How did she die?"

"Neither of us know for sure, but we do know someone who does know, 
since he was in the battle with her," said Nobuyuki.

"Really, dad? Who?" asked Tenchi.

"Yosho," said Nobuyuki.

"You mean the Yosho that lives around here?" asked Tenchi, bewildered.

"The one and the same," confirmed Nobuyuki.

"Wow! I'm going to go to him and ask him to teach me the ways of 
Jurai," Tenchi said excitedly.

"You will do no such thing!" Achika protested.

"You can't run my life forever and besides, I was thinking about buying 
a small ship and going out on my own," said Tenchi with a confident 
look on his face.

"Bu.but," Achika tried to protest again, but Tenchi cut her off.

"There will be no trying to talk me out of it. My mind's made up," 
Tenchi said firmly.

Nobuyuki looked at Tenchi grimly. "Son, how exactly are you going to 
pay your way? You have barely any money in your account."

"I know, but I intend on getting a solid job before I join the Juraian 
Academy, seeing that you two won't help me pay for it," said Tenchi.

Nobuyuki sighed. "It's your decision, Tenchi. Neither of us can stop 
you, we can just warn you."

Tenchi nodded and then said, "I'm going to see Yosho right now."

"Are you sure you won't stay here?" Achika asked in a pleading voice.

"Yes, mom, I'm sure," confirmed Tenchi.

"Oh," Achika said quietly.

"Well, son, be back home soon," said Nobuyuki.

"I will," said Tenchi as he left the house to find Yosho.

After he was gone, Achika gave her husband a worried look.

"Do you think that he'll be alright by himself?" she asked.

"I don't know, dear. I just know that once he has his mind made up, he 
won't be stopped," said Nobuyuki.

"I know and that's what frightens me," said Achika.

"Oh well. He'll find out the hard how life truly is," said Nobuyuki.

With that said and done, they cleaned up the table and brought their 
plates to the kitchen to wash them.

In a town not far from Tenchi's home, was a bar and at that bar was the 
infamous smuggler Ryoko Hakubi.

"Another one!" she shouted at the bartender.

"Listen, you've already had enough for one night!" he shouted back.

"Does the look on my face tell you whether I care or not?" she growled, 
questionably. 

The bartender didn't say anything, but glared at her and gave her what 
she wanted, which was another shot of scotch.

Ryoko usually drank sake, but she wasn't feeling quite herself that 
night, due to the fact that she had Kagato on her back, a man whom she 
owed a shit load of money to.

The bartender brought her another shot of scotch and then said, "You 
ain't gonna get any ladies tonight with your breath smellin' like 
that."

Ryoko grimaced slightly, but it was her own fault and intention. 
Everyone thought that she was a man. She always had her hair up and was 
hidden under a hat. She also kept her chest bound tightly under shirt. 
She did this because women weren't allowed to be smugglers.

"I'm not up for playin' games tonight," she said.

"Well that's too bad because there were some pretty good lookin' ladies 
starin' at ya all night," said the bartender.

"I'm not in the mood," said Ryoko.

The bartender shrugged. "Whatever you say, man."

'I just wish that I could be myself for one night, but if I slip up, I 
won't be allowed to be in the game anymore and Kagato may end up 
wanting more than just money,' she thought, grimly.

The bartender was long gone when she heard the sound of very familiar 
shoes walk across the floor and right up to her.

"Hello, Ryoko," a voice behind her said.

"Hello, Kagato," she replied, not moving to face him.

"Let's cut to the chase. Do you have the money?" he asked.

"Does it look like I do?" she asked, sarcastically.

Kagato shook his head. "What a pity. Seems like I have no other choice 
than to kill you."

Ryoko smirked. "I'd like to see you try."

"Then turn around and face me if you're so bold," he sneered.

Ryoko shrugged. "Have it your way."

Ryoko turned around and then got up off of the chair that she was 
sitting on. She walked up to Kagato and said, "We'd better take this 
outside. We don't wanna traumatize anyone, now do we?"

Kagato gritted his teeth loudly, but nodded. The two of them then 
proceeded outside of the bar. 

The two stood outside just glaring at each other. Ryoko snarled, while 
Kagato sneered.

"Are you ready to die?" Kagato asked with an evil grin.

Ryoko grinned right back and said, "It's a good day to die," but then 
she added, "for you!"

"We'll see just how good you are," said Kagato, taking out his laser 
sword.

"You will be disppointed, I'm afraid," said Ryoko. "I'm gonna kick your 
ass."

Ryoko then formed an energy sword from the palms of her hands. Kagato's 
grin grew at that sight.

"You're your own weapon. Fascinating," he said.

"I know I am, but can we seriously get back to fighting?" Ryoko asked 
impatiently.

Kagato didn't answer with words. Instead, he swung his sword directly 
at Ryoko, but Ryoko ducked before it hit her.

"Not bad, old man, but your aim was off. You should do it more like 
this!" Ryoko exclaimed as she swung her sword forward at Kagato. She 
ended up hitting him in the left arm.

Kagato glared daggers at her. "You are going to die."

Ryoko rolled her eyes. "Oh! I'm so scared!"

"You should be.because you're about to meet your doom!" Kagato yelled 
as he ran towards her, ready to attack.

Ryoko simply yawned, formed her energy sword, and once he was close 
enough, she plunged it right in him.  

Kagato stood there in shock. He was a bloody mess. He fell down and out 
of Ryoko's sword. Ryoko looked down at his bloody and twitching body, 
solemnly.

"You shouldn't have gone up against me. Now you're gonna die just like 
all of the other bastasrds whom have tried to face me," she said. Ryoko 
then closed her eyes, tilted her hat down in her front of her face, and 
walked away.

Once she was gone, Kagato had managed to save himself. He looked 
forward at the street that she had taken and smirked. "We'll meet 
again, Ryoko. On that, you can count on."

Kagato then turned around and walked away.

Ryoko walked down the street, which was near the apartment building 
that she lived in. She ended up bumbing into a young man on her walk.

"Oh, I'm sorry!" he said, apologetically.

Ryoko smiled. "That's quite all right. Are you ok?"

The youg man just nodded.

"Good, well then, take care!" she said as she walked on.

The young man turned around to look back at her and thought, 'Something 
tells me that I'm gonna be seeing that guy again.'

And he was right. He was going to see her again and real soon.







 









 

   




 

