Hiya! E-mail me if you need anything! Oh, yeah, and I do NOT own Tenchi 
Muyo or Gundam Wing, this is just for fun, don't sue 
meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!
Oh, yeah, and sorry, this part is really short, the continuing part 
will come soon!
E-mail: TheCopyCat1@homestead.com



 Washu's Mistake-Part 2

***This takes place 4 months after the first part of Washu's Mistake.  
Yeah, normally Catherine is actually Trowa's sister (unless Catherine 
wanted to make Trowa confused when he had amnesia and lied to him), but 
it's kinda twisted in my stories. This story takes place during a time 
on Gundam Wing, yet the events are a little different (because of my 
memory! ^-^). ***

Washu, typing at her computer in her lab, had just figured out how to 
open the rift between dimensions.  Now she knew how they could flit 
into a parallel universe, a different dimension, anything.  
Washu sighed, pleased that her work over the past four months had 
pulled off.  When she had made a mistake when trying to load something 
from the TV, which would have been a very sensational experience, she 
had accidentally transported several people from a parallel world into 
the Masaki household.  Now, she had figured out how to go into their 
world.
She stood up and stretched, then headed for the door. She wouldn't tell 
the rest of the household yet, she decided, because it might leak out 
to Grandpa and Nobuyuki and we will have to take them, too.  Washu 
shuddered.
She poked her head out into the hall.  It was silent.
Over the past four months, a gloom seemed to have descended upon the 
house.  Everyone had become attached to the visitors.  
Washu entered the kitchen.  Sasami was stirring soup in a glum sort of 
way.
She misses Wufei, Washu thought.  Washu glanced over at Tenchi, who was 
seated at the table.  He was staring into his coffee cup, also in a 
funk.
Who does he miss?  Wondered Washu.  No way its Heero, he kept 
threatening to shoot him.  Oh, maybe it's that idiot girl!
Washu gave a small snort of triumph.  When that girl came to her senses 
about total pacifism, she'd come running over to me, begging me to do 
something for her.  That'd be the day.
Washu sat down.  The only person she missed was Quarte, that adorable 
blonde boy who seemed so innocent and wore camel boxers.  Washu didn't 
act sad, however, because she wasn't entirely miserable at all.
Mihoshi clattered in.  "Me and Kiyone are back!" she said happily.  
"And we got another mini job-another acting career!"
"They don't pay you much, do they?" asked Tenchi, looking up.
Mihoshi showed no signs of sadness, although she really missed Quarte 
too.  "No, we're sorta side people. Kiyone?" Mihoshi turned around. 
"Kiyone!"
"She's at the lake again," said Sasami in a depressed, defeated voice.
Washu glanced through the window and saw Kiyone sitting on the grass 
next to the lake, looking out across the lake.  The oak tree she used 
to train at with Trowa  waved with a silent wind.
"These days all Kiyone does is sigh and sit at the lake," Tenchi 
remarked.  "I bet it's hardest on her.with Trowa gone and all."
"Kiyone's getting fatter, too!" exclaimed Mihoshi in an immature voice, 
with an anime smile.
Tenchi and Washu glanced at each other.  Washu was thinking, She 
doesn't have a clue, does she?
Sasami announced, "Mihoshi, don't you remember, she's gonna have a 
baby!"
Mihoshi blinked. "Oh, yeah! Now I remember!"
Just then Aeka came in, holding an armload of carrots. "Sasami," she 
said resentfully, "you said you were going to harvest the carrots and I 
had to instead!"
Washu glanced up at her. If Aeka's depressed, she thought, then she's 
doing a good job of not showing it.  Washu sipped at her cappuccino and 
remained silent as Ryoko came in.
Ryoko settled herself sidled next to Tenchi.  "Well," she said, "I hope 
Washu will have some new inventions for us, Tenchi darling," she cooed.
Aeka shook with fury as she handed the carrots over to Sasami.  Mihoshi 
sat down at the big table.
Ryoko leaned onto Tenchi's shoulder and put her cheek right up to his, 
wrapping her arms around his neck.  "Darling," she said in a voice made 
to annoy Aeka, "when do you suppose we can be alone sometime in this 
house?"  It might have been a stupid question, but it had done the 
trick.
"Ryoko!" Aeka exploded, "unhand Lord Tenchi this instant!  He does not 
deserve treatment like that from anyone, especially not from a person 
like you!"  She tugged at Tenchi's right arm.
"Tenchi is mine! Besides, I think he likes it, don't you, Tenchi?"
Tenchi remained speechless, knowing this ritual too well.
Just then Kiyone walked in.  "Hi," she said tonelessly.  She sat down 
and took a coffee cup from B, who had handed one to her and just walked 
in with A, and sipped at it soundlessly.
The others all felt a little bad for her (even Ryoko).  Seeing her, 
just sitting there and staring into a coffee cup with heartbroken eyes, 
was a sad sight.  Kiyone, who was hardly happy, didn't really deserve 
to be dragged away from her one true love.
Washu secretly thought that she didn't know Trowa too well.  After all, 
they'd only had three days together.  But then she figured that that 
was sometimes all the time a person needed to fall in love.
Kiyone continued staring into her cup.  She'd been reflecting for a 
long time.  Those three days were enough to haunt her for a long time.  
She had finally found someone she was perfectly happy with, growing on 
him and feeling that he was just right for her, just to have him thrown 
back to where he came from.
Whenever Kiyone saw any liquid, she would suddenly think of Trowa, 
because they had spent a lot of their time together near water, and his 
eyes always reminded her of a forest reflected in a shadowy pool.
Washu cleared her throat.  Maybe now was the time to announce her 
discovery, because she had seen a note that Nobuyuki was out in the 
city for some business and Grandpa (or whatever you wanna call him) was 
working up at the shrine for a while.
Washu said, "We've all been depressed for awhile, haven't we?"
Everyone glanced up at her, even Kiyone.
"I've discovered something.  Now, everyone, it's a simple question 
before I announce what it is, but will you all come with me?"
"Where?" asked Kiyone and Ryoko immediately.
"First I need to know if you will all go with me."
Everyone else glanced uneasily at each other.
"What the hell," said Ryoko finally, "it beats everything else around 
here."
"I'll go," said Kiyone.
"Me, too," said Tenchi.
"I will, I guess," announced Sasami.
"Me too!" squealed Mihoshi.
"I will as well." Gee, who could that be?
"Then it's settled," said Washu, beaming.  "We're all going.  Now, if 
you will finish your.uh, rice balls and follow me."
Everyone stood up (including A and B) and they all went into her lab 
(with everyone behind Washu and looking strangely nervous).
Washu approached a big machine, which was a big round clear structure, 
with all kinds of metal things inside, like stuff you might see if 
you've happened to look at a computer chip. Well, except the large 
structure is, well, large, and beneath it was a small platform, with 
thick wires connecting to it and running up to the machine.
"Now, please present Ryo-Ohki," announced Washu.
Sasami handed Ryo-Ohki over with trembling hands.  Washu took it and 
placed it on the platform.
"Now, see, we might just appear in space," said Washu, reaching for a 
control panel nearby and flipping a few switches.  
"What do you mean?" said Aeka and Kiyone sharply at the same time.
"Well, we want a spaceship, don't we?"
"What we mean is-"
"I know.  Just trust me, okay?"  Washu pulled back a big lever, and 
with a dazzling light, Ryo-Ohki disappeared out of thin air.
Sasami gave a small squeal.
"Now, who's next?"  Washu didn't wait for volunteers and grabbed Ryoko, 
and then shoved her onto the platform.
"Hey, why me?" screeched Ryoko. "I didn't ask for-"  Then she was gone, 
with a blinding light.
(Everyone, you may as well just guess where they're going.)
"And now?"  Washu looked around.
"Washu is the greatest!"
"The greatest in the universe!"
"They can go," said Sasami.
"You can go with them, Sasami," said Washu, ushering Sasami, A, and B 
onto the platform.  Then she pulled the lever and they disappeared, 
too.
Then Washu shoved Kiyone and Mihoshi on, and then Tenchi, and then 
Aeka, and then she was alone.
"Now, I'll just put this on timer," she muttered, "and then I get to go 
too!"  She flipped the switch and pressed two buttons, then ran onto 
the platform and, grinning like a banshee, disappeared.

It was fun to go through that portal, Washu thought.  Feels good.
Washu was standing in Ryo-Ohki's spaceship form, where everyone else 
stood, confused.  She went over to the control panel with Ryoko and 
flipped something on.
"Ah-ha!  It worked!" she cried triumphantly.
"What worked?" asked Aeka, as everyone went over to join her.
"We," she announced solemnly, "are in a parallel universe."
Everyone was silent.  No one put it past her that she would do this.
Then she continued, "We are in outer space, in a parallel universe, at 
the time of 195 A.C, standing for After Colony.  This world may seem a 
bit.inferior in technological ways.  You see, there's this war going 
on-"
"You took us here?" shrieked Kiyone suddenly.  Washu stared at her.
Then she explained of how Trowa had told her of their world and what 
they were going through.
"Yes, I took you here," she said softly when Kiyone had finished.
Kiyone's face shone.
Washu was about to explain more in detail, when a small beeping went 
on, and Ryoko flipped on the transmitter.
A man's face popped up on a screen, and he announced, "Who are you? 
Identify yourselves at once!"
It was an OZ soldier, but no one there really knew that.
"Uh, we're, err, a special force," said Tenchi.
The OZ soldier wrinkled his nose when he saw his clothes.  "Yes.  Well, 
please identify your ID number of that ship."
They were silent for a minute, then Sasami said from the back of the 
room, "R-y-o-O-h-k-i."
The soldier paused for a second, then said, "Hey, that's not an ID 
number!  That's some kind of name!  I'm going to have to take you in 
for questioning, so please do not back your space vehicle until we hook 
up to it.  We are going to take you to the nearest colony, so please 
come quietly."
They all glanced around at each other.  Finally Washu said, "Very well, 
sir."  They flipped the switch off, and the soldier's face disappeared.
"Why'd you do that, Little Washu?" asked Tenchi.
"Yeah, we're more noticeable this way," snarled Ryoko.
"Yes and no," said Washu.  The moment they enter us into the hangar, 
and they try to examine Ryo-Ohki, we can change him, her, whatever back 
into a cabbit and hoof outta there."
"How can we get back to our world?" asked Kiyone.
"Easy," said Washu, grinning.  "I've got some controls right here 
and.well we'll need a TV to get back home."
"Why a TV?" 
"I don't want to explain right now," said Washu, looking out a window.  
"That is what I want to study!"
She pointed to the window.  Around ten mobile suits, man-shaped 
aircrafts designed for fighting, were attaching hooks to Ryo-Ohki.
Ryo-Ohki let out a small howl sound, but he(she, it?) remained as a 
spaceship and let them attach it to the mobile suits.  Then they 
rocketed along, pulling Ryo-Ohki, towards what looked like some 
strangely shaped buildings in outer space.  Of course, from where they 
were, they looked like small, single-storied houses shaped weirdly, 
because they were so far away.
Kiyone was twisting her shirt in a nervous way.  Did Washu just drag 
them all out here to study? Or was this some kind of get-together 
thing?
Everyone else looked perfectly calm as Kiyone glanced around.  Even 
Mihoshi acted normal, which was strange for her.
The colony hadn't even grown bigger when suddenly one of the mobile 
suits pulled out his gigantic gun and was aiming around for something.  
All the mobile suits seemed to have pulled up their gun.
"What's going on?" asked Sasami, looking worried.
Then the OZ official buzzed onto one of their screens.  "We've 
apparently run into one of the Gundams," he said.  "No need to worry, 
we'll take care of everything."
"What's a Gundam?" blurted out Mihoshi.  Since everyone else already 
knew what they were, they sighed and shook their heads at her 
forgetfulness.
"You.you don't know?" said the OZ official, completely shocked.
Kiyone hurriedly explained that a Gundam was a large man-shaped suit 
and was much stronger than "the things those bad men were flying in".
"Ohhhhhhh," said Mihoshi, cracking an anime smile (^-^ that's 
Mihoshi!). "Now I get it!"
Then the OZ official flipped off the screen.
Everyone was silent as they stared up through the window.  Washu and 
Kiyone could just imagine that whoever the Gundam pilot was (whichever 
is more like it) was wondering what OZ was doing with such a strange 
spaceship, since there was no information on it anywhere.
Then something happened.  One of the OZ mobile suits exploded without 
warning.  Kiyone couldn't see anything except a greenish glow shaped 
like a scythe's blade.
Then another one exploded, and the remaining mobile suits began firing 
at something they couldn't see.  The bullets were deflecting, and then 
Kiyone could see a dark shadow.  It seemed like there was a faint light 
behind the "thing", and two giant black wings were rising, rising, and 
the shadowy thing was spinning a pole with the blade on it. Then it 
crashed it down and sliced it right through three mobile suits, and 
then took out another with his little fist thing (which was a short 
blade on a big reddish thing, like on top of his hand) and then sliced 
the remaining mobile suits.  A ring of explosions surrounded the suit, 
and it was illuminated completely.
What had destroyed the suits was a black type of mobile man, yet it was 
bigger and much more detailed.  It held a large scythe in one hand, and 
that fist thing was on the other.  It was extremely detailed and had 
large black wings that could fold in as a shield.
It was raising its pole when Kiyone rushed over to the controls and 
flipped on a screen to the pilot of the suit. "Don't hurt us!" she 
cried.
The pilot stopped. "Hey, you look familiar," he said. 
"Hey, its Duo!" cried Ryoko, rushing over to the controls and shoving 
Kiyone out of the way.
"What.are you.?" Duo looked extremely surprised.  His long brown hair 
in his braid was sort of bristled, since he had been fighting, and his 
blue eyes were extremely wide.
"Washu sent us here!" Ryoko and Aeka exclaimed.  "We don't know why."
"Why?" asked Duo, peering around and looking into the entire place. 
"And, hey-nice ship."
Washu and Ryoko beamed with pride. Ryo-Ohki's face in one of the 
crystals meowed happily.
"Where are the other pilots?" asked Sasami and Kiyone at the same time.
"Yes, where's camel boxers boy?" asked Washu, snickering.  Duo laughed 
too.
"Quatre and Heero are on Earth," he started, pointing to his left, 
"Trowa's in the colony behind me-" he indicated it with his thumb 
pointing back-"I'm right here and Wufei's somewhere else in space." He 
spread his arms wide, showing just how large space really was and where 
he could be. "Relena and Dorothy.I think they're on Earth.  Oh, and 
Tenchi.dude, watch out for Relena's brother."
Tenchi went bright red as Ryoko and Aeka turned to glare viciously at 
him.  He twiddled his fingers and scuffed the floor with his shoe.
Duo was silently laughing, and then cleared his throat and said, "Why, 
exactly, are you here?"
"Washu wanted to test her little machine, and see if we could be 
transported into parallel dimensions," Kiyone explained. "She also 
wants to study things in this universe. Do you think we could reach a 
hangar without anyone noticing Ryo-Ohki?"
"Where's Ryo-Ohki?" asked Duo, a look of confusion on his face.
"Ryo-Ohki can turn into a spaceship," everyone said at once.
"Oh," he said, bewilderment plainly visible on his face. "Right.  Well, 
I can get you to Howard's right now in about three seconds flat," he 
said, grinning.  "Unless, of course, I have to tow you."
"No towing," Ryoko said. "Ryo-Ohki, follow Duo!"
Ryo-Ohki gave a shrill "Meeooowww!" and followed Duo at top speed as he 
began to fly away.
"Dude, that thing moves really strangely," said Duo, who was glancing 
out his right window at them (even though he was facing them on their 
screen). Then he focused back on them. "Kiyone, you've put on some 
pounds."
Kiyone glanced nervously at the others.  They all knew now that Trowa 
hadn't told the other pilots about him and Kiyone, and all of them 
understood that she didn't want it known.  But Mihoshi said, "Didn't 
you know? Kiyone's-"
But what Kiyone was Duo never found out.  Kiyone had put her hand over 
Mihoshi's mouth and yelled, "Mihoshi!  I don't want people knowing 
about that!"
Mihoshi blinked and uttered a muffled affirmative.  Then they turned 
back to Duo.  He began to explain about their war in detail, and what 
the pilots were doing.
"Down on Earth," he said, "Quatre is doing.uh, actually I'm not sure, 
but Heero is flyin' around in wing zero and Trowa's traveling around in 
the circus-that's his job, he doesn't even look like a clown-with his 
boss and girlfriend from colony to colony, Wufei is wandering around 
space, I think he's looking for Zechs Marquise, unless you want to call 
him Milliardo Peacecraft, and Dorothy and Relena are at the Romerfeller 
Foundation, because Relena is Queen Relena of the world, I think.Oh, 
and I'm just.going to see my girlfriend." He grinned.  "This is a fast, 
but noticeable, way to get around space."
Kiyone was stunned.  Trowa had a girlfriend? Then she remembered.
She didn't even notice when she saw Ryoko and Aeka's hands clench when 
they heard Duo had a girlfriend, too.
"We're here!" Duo cried suddenly, grinning (he always was, wasn't he?).
Before them spread a large white spaceship, shaped a lot like a hang 
glider (without the man, of course).
"This is Peacemillion," said Duo.  "Howard's ship.  He's a lot like the 
creators, but.not exactly." They knew that the creators were the men 
who had built the Gundams.
Duo flipped a switch, and said quickly, "I'll be right back."  Then the 
screen flipped off.
Tenchi's gang waited for a few minutes, and then Duo's image appeared 
on the screen. "Okay," he said, "Howard's opening a hangar large enough 
for-for-that."  Duo seemed at a loss for words but shrugged it off.
Then a large hangar opened, large enough to fit Ryo-Ohki as a spaceship 
inside.  Ryo-Ohki meowed loudly and flew into it obediently.  It 
surprised them how big Peacemillion seemed.
When they got inside the hangar, Ryo-Ohki immediately resumed his/its 
cabbit form.  The gang fell a good few feet out of the air and landed 
hard on metal.
"Owwie," muttered Mihoshi.  "Ryo-Ohki, watch it next time, please?"
Ryo-Ohki meowed loudly.  Everyone stood up as Duo entered the hangar 
with Deathscyth.
When they stood next to it, Deathscyth was huge.  Kiyone and Washu 
gasped at the size of it.
Duo jumped out and grabbed a mechanical rope, which lowered him safely 
to the ground far below.  When he was about five feet from the ground 
he jumped down and walked over to the seven people (plus two robots and 
a cabbit) from a different dimension.
"Great to see you all!" he said.  He shook everyone's hands and said, 
"C'mon, let's go meet Howard."
"Duo," said Washu, "if we do, I don't know how troubled your world will 
get.  I mean, with your war going on, our news shall crash into 
everyone's minds and the universe will go mad.  Do you really want to 
tell Howard our story?"
Duo blinked.
"I guess not," he said slowly. "Although he is a good buddy.  Well, if 
only Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Washu come with us, then he won't think 
you're weird or unearthly or anything.  Clothes like you guys have"-he 
looked over at Aeka, Ryoko, and Tenchi-"would make him suspicious."
He glanced around at everyone, then said, "You three come with me.  You 
four can stay here next to Deathscyth.  No one should be in this area 
so you won't really have a problem."
Then he led Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Washu away.  The other four sighed and 
walked over to Deathscyth.  No one noticed B toddle away after Washu, 
or A scribbling some notes down on a pad of paper and examining 
Deathscyth.  They didn't even notice when it/she/he took out a mini 
computer exactly like Washu's and began to enter information and 
supposed blueprints on the computer.
Duo led the three girls off to an elevator and began explaining some 
things about Howard.  No one noticed B coming along for the ride.  
They reached the place where Howard was, and Duo said, "Hey, Howard, 
what's up?"
"Not much, Duo," said Howard, looking up and grinning.  He was old and 
wore a weird Hawaiian shirt with sunglasses.
What does he think space is, a vacation to the Bahamas? Kiyone thought.
"Who are your lovely friends?" he asked, peering at them.  Mihoshi and 
Washu blushed, but Kiyone remained how she was, looking fierce, proud, 
and businesslike.
"This is Kiyone.Makubin? Makubi?" Duo looked at Kiyone.
She seemed irritated. "Hakibi," she said in a stiff voice.
"This is Mihoshi Kuramitsu," Duo said, pointing at Mihoshi.
"Hi!" said Mihoshi warmly.
"And that's Washu Ha.Ha.?"  Duo seemed to have forgotten, but then 
again, it was good that he knew their last names at all.
"Never mind," said Washu.  
"Anyway," said Duo, "these are the people that were in that weird-
looking spaceship.  I need to grab a shuttle and get to that colony 
that Trowa is at."
"We've got an extremely small shuttle that can fit about twenty people 
in it," said Howard, "and you could get into one of the back gates of 
the colony. No hassle, no time wasting, if that's what you want to 
know."
"Thanks, Howard, old buddy," said Duo, smiling a broad smile (that one 
smile only Duo has!) and waving as they went out the door.
Mihoshi was wondering how Duo knew his way to where the ship was.
It's just like in cartoons, she thought, strangely irritated. They know 
where they're headed even if they've never been there before, never had 
any instructions to get there, nothing.
Kiyone looked over at Mihoshi.  Her face had become serious.
"What's up, Mihoshi?" she asked.
"I was thinking," said Mihoshi in a voice unlike her own, but more like 
Kiyone's.
"About what?"
"Well, there's a war here, right? And Washu brought us here now, 
instead of at a better time or anything.  I was wondering why she 
brought us here, apart from studying strange things and visiting the 
pilots again."
Kiyone blinked. "You know, Mihoshi," she said, "you've got a point." 
Amazing! She was thinking. Mihoshi's not acting immature! "Do you think 
Washu wants to help with this war or something?"  They were talking in 
low voices, so Washu couldn't hear.  She was talking to Duo anyway.
"I think so," said Mihoshi.
Kiyone was still amazed at how Mihoshi was apparently thinking.  Of 
course, every now and then she wasn't an airhead, of course.  
They had arrived at the hangar the Tenchi and the others were in.  They 
jumped up, and Duo said, "Look over there."  Across the large hangar 
floor was a very small spacecraft, a lot like a private jet, except a 
bit smaller, and they all walked over to it. 
They all got in.  There were a few places to sit down and a small 
little refreshment spot was in the corner.
"Here, I'll pilot us to the colony and we'll be there in no time," said 
Duo.  "Somewhere in that colony is my girlfriend Hilde and she has a 
very good communicator machine, we can reach Quatre and Heero on Earth, 
if we need to."
"So we'll just call all the pilots and those two girls together and 
have some kind of little hi-we're-passing-through-your-dimension-did-
you-miss-us party?"  Washu asked.
"Sorta," said Duo, grinning.  "Except we also need to take a closer 
look at the White Fang.  It's this big ugly spaceship out in the middle 
of space and its really powerful and they got all pissed off 'cause 
Relena's trying to stabilize the crazy universe we live in.  I don't 
get this world." Duo trailed off.  "Washu, maybe you could help us.  
And Kiyone, Ryoko, you guys might be good pilots. Oh, and I forgot to 
add.Dorothy's working with the White Fang.It's sort of a problem."
After a few moments of silence, Duo said:
 "Well, we're at the colony, one of the not-very-much-used open 
hangars, how you get in. The, well, law, or OZ, or whoever owns that 
colony, only allows passenger space shuttles from Earth or another 
colony to get in, but in the back there's this open hangar run by 
someone, and he lets anyone in.  That's good, but its also illegal, 
since it makes the colony more vulnerable and the.let's just say the 
law needs all passengers to be searched before entering a colony, which 
they don't do back there.  You just pay them when you get in."
Everyone else remained silent.  Kiyone was wondering where Trowa was.  
Washu was wondering if they'd get to be in the war.
"I hope that when I see Dorothy, she gets a haircut," growled Ryoko.
"Well, Ryoko," said Aeka in a rather pleased and dignified way, "she is 
right that your hair is hard as a rock, and white."
"Shut up!" said Ryoko, glaring at her. "It's not white!"
"So where do you think Hilde is?" asked Kiyone loudly.  She wanted Aeka 
and Ryoko to stop fighting, and also get them depressed and angry to be 
reminded that Duo already had a girlfriend.
"Well, she owns a small apartment there," said Duo.  "Of course, she 
also has an apartment on a different colony, because her job takes her 
back and forth between the two colonies.  But she should be here now."  
Duo glanced over at Kiyone.  "Trowa, too."
Kiyone nodded and continued staring out the window at the large colony.  
They were flying down towards a very small open space along the large 
gray wall, and then as they moved closer, they could see the ships 
flying in or out of it (there weren't many, and they were all much 
smaller than a civilian ship).  Duo took his time, all right, and 
landed in an open place inside the hangar.  It had plenty of room for 
small aircrafts.  
They rolled along and Duo found a small parking space for the shuttle, 
where it would remain until he needed it to reach his Gundam again, and 
they all got out and walked safely to the exit, which was a large open 
area where ten men were stopping people from passing until they paid 
them money.
Duo paid the men enough to get his shuttle enough parking time for at 
least a week and they headed out into the colony.
Everyone was silent (how unusual!) as everyone stared around.  Duo kept 
frowning and looking at Tenchi awkwardly as they walked on a busy 
street full of cars.  Shops and business buildings surrounded the 
street.  If Kiyone hadn't known this was a colony, she would have 
thought she was in a city somewhere on Earth.
Duo kept on glancing at Tenchi as they walked.  Finally he said, "Damn, 
I can't stand it, Tenchi! Get some real clothes!"
Tenchi looked down at himself. He was dressed in a weird Japanese 
outfit (the one he usually wears, basically).
"I don't see anything wrong with it," he said, looking surprised.
"But-man-people are staring at you!"
"So?"
"Fine then." Duo stuck out his lower lip and folded his arms. "I'm not 
going to walk with you if you remain in those clothes."
Well, thought Aeka, Duo sure can be stubborn.  He can be a wimp 
sometimes!
Mihoshi asked, "When are we going to get there?"
"'Bout five minutes, if we walk."
They continued walking.  Ryoko was talking with Duo about how Dorothy 
had dared to call her hair "white" when it was really a very light 
"cyan".  Duo raised his eyebrows and said he thought it was white, too.  
Ryoko got angry and tried to chop Duo in half with her beam sword, but 
Aeka put up her little shield thing, and Tenchi scolded Ryoko, so they 
went along again as if nothing had happened.
"Man, Mihoshi," said Kiyone in a mutter to Mihoshi, "I wonder what 
we're supposed to do here.  I mean, who gives a damn about this place? 
I want to go home! Don't you?"
"But what about Trowa?"
Kiyone's eyes softened, then she said in a hurt, indignant tone, "Well, 
we can see him first, and then we'll go home."
"But they said he had a girlfriend."
"That was before he met me," said Kiyone, in a tone with more hurt in 
it.
Mihoshi felt sorry for her and put an arm on her shoulder.  "I'm sure 
he'll be glad to see you," she said comfortingly and not at all in an 
immature way.
Kiyone smiled at Mihoshi. (This was the partner she was looking for!) 
"Well, I wish while we're here that we do something fun, like we did 
back at home with them all."
"Well, what do you have in mind?"
Kiyone grinned, an evil grin. 
"If we're all together, I was thinking of poker.But not normal poker."
"What kind?"
"Strip poker!"
Mihoshi said nothing.
Finally Kiyone looked at their surroundings.  They weren't in a busy 
area anymore, but tall buildings were still around.  However, there 
were also condos and small, single-floored apartments around.  Duo went 
into a single-floored building (I have no clue if it's a house, an 
apartment, a condo, a business building for all I care, but I KNOW its 
single-floored.), and they all followed him inside.
Duo called out, "Hey, Hilde! You around?"
"Duo?" came a voice from somewhere inside. "Duo, is it you?"
"Well, who else would it be?"
A girl with short purple hair came out of a room on the side. 
"Oh, Duo!" she cried, flinging her arms around his neck.  Then she 
looked around at everyone else. "Hey, who're these weirdos?"
Aeka and Ryoko shook with anger, but for the sake of Tenchi (and partly 
for Duo), they didn't try to maul her.
"They're, uh, visitors. From Earth.  Good friends."
"Hi," said Hilde.
"Hi," replied Washu and Tenchi.
Introductions went around.  Then Duo explained why they had come.
"Oh, you want to reach all the other pilots?  Well, why don't you try 
to reach Trowa first-he's in this colony-before you try to reach 
everyone else?" 
"Alright," said Kiyone quickly.
Ryoko sniggered.  Kiyone made a fist and pounded her once on the head. 
"Quiet, you," she muttered under her breath.
Ryoko gave her a seething glare.
Kiyone decided to add on to the little argument Ryoko had with Dorothy.  
"Ouch, Ryoko, your hair is as hard as a rock!"  She held her right hand 
and pretended like it was very sore.  She smirked.
"Why, you little." Ryoko raised her arm.
Kiyone pulled out her little freezer-gun. "Move and I'll shoot.  In 
fact, if you don't move, I'll shoot, too!" Kiyone made a smile like 
Mihoshi's.  She didn't like Ryoko (to say the least).
Ryoko snarled at her.
"Who do you think you are?" demanded Hilde, glaring at Kiyone. "You 
don't go around carrying guns like that!"
Kiyone twirled the gun on one finger. "I've got three reasons, girl," 
she snarled.  "Number one, in this world, everyone has at least one 
gun.  Number two, it doesn't even have any gunpowder.  Look." Kiyone 
shot Hilde's jacket hanging on a peg on the wall.  It froze.  When 
Kiyone touched it, it crumbled down into ice cubes.  "The gun has 
liquid nitrogen in it.  Well, partially liquid nitrogen.  If you shoot 
something with it, it freezes.  If you touch it at least a minute 
afterwards, that item will crumble into ice.  Including people." She 
eyed Ryoko warily. "And, for the third reason, I'm a Galaxy Police 
officer, of section-"
"Kiyone, you'll give everything away!" said Mihoshi suddenly.
Kiyone smirked and put the gun in her gunholder.  Hilde was staring at 
her in awe.
"Wow, and above all that, you're pregnant."
Kiyone went red.  She thought that Hilde was making fun that her belly 
was big, but she wasn't going to have a baby, so she said, "You're 
right. I am pregnant.  And with-"
Tenchi butted in, "Can we talk to Trowa now?"
"Oh, right," said Hilde (who obviously had been making fun of Kiyone 
and had no idea that she really was pregnant).  "Come this way."
She led them over to a big computer-like thing, and she turned it on 
and did this other weird junk.  Then she said: "Trowa has a videophone, 
right?"
"I think so," said Duo, with one of his Duo shrugs.  
She dialed his number (what are they all, high school buddies?) and 
then the little phone-thing was ringing.
"I didn't expect it to be a phone," Ryoko muttered to Washu.
"What else would it be?" she replied.  "They have a small business, 
some kind of Circus thing, of course, so they would need one to connect 
to whoever owns the land they perform at, and other people, too."
Then somebody answered the "videophone."  It was a man with a dark 
brown beard and hair, and he wore a weird circus outfit (Kiyone though 
they had just finished a performance). 
"Trowa?" she gasped, pushing aside Ryoko and Washu and peering into the 
screen next to Hilde. 
"Would...may I ask who's calling?" said the man (also known as the 
manager; that's all Catherine calls him and Trowa never talks to him in 
the show). 
"My name's Duo," said Duo, pushing Kiyone to the side. "I'm a friend of 
his.  Could we speak to him?"
The manager eyed him warily. "Trowa is needed here at the circus," he 
said.  "He can't go running around with those machines right now."
"This isn't about machines at all," said Duo.
"Well, he can't leave the circus now," said the manager.
"Can we at least speak to him?"
The manager paused. "All right," he said, then he turned around.  
Behind him was.well, the backstage of a circus, except it seemed that 
they were loading things up.  "Catherine!  Get Trowa over here!" 
"Why?" came a voice.  A girl with reddish hair and weird periwinkle 
eyes walked into view.  She was wearing a circus outfit.
"He has.a call," said the manager.
Catherine peered at Duo, then started screeching, "Trowa can't go with 
you!  He means too much! I won't allow you to let him risk his life 
again!"
Duo stuttered, "That's not what this is about." In an undertone he 
added, "And anyway, he chose to do so."
Trowa came into sight.  He wore green baggy pants with golden, crescent 
moons and stars, overall straps (only the straps, and it might be 
called something else, I'm not sure if they're suspenders or 
something), no shirt, and he wore a mask. Except the mask was only a 
half (it seemed) with a white face, a frown on the half of the mouth 
you could see, and a tear from the eye.
"Duo?" he asked, picking up the phone part of the videophone to have a 
private conversation. "What's up? Some attack I haven't heard of?"
"No, we have visitors," said Duo, and he showed him all the others from 
the Masaki household.
"Kiyone!?" gasped Trowa, staring at the screen.
"Hi, Trowa!" she said happily.
In the background, Trowa could hear, "Trowa, who's Kiyone?.Who's 
Kiyone?!?"
"Uh, someone I met," said Trowa to Catherine, who stood defiantly next 
to him.
Kiyone stopped waving at the screen and looked like she had never seen 
Trowa before.
Catherine suddenly glared at the screen.  "Is Kiyone some girl over 
there?" she screeched. "Is it you, Pinkie?" she demanded, pointing at 
Washu. "Or is it you?" She pointed at Ryoko.  Ryoko made a face as if 
she couldn't be more disgusted.  "What about you?" she pointed at 
Kiyone.
Kiyone and Washu were about to say something when Trowa said, 
"Catherine!  Do you mind? I need to talk with Duo!"
A little argument ensued, Catherine screeching at Trowa about fighting 
as a Gundam pilot and meeting other girls, and Trowa saying he had to 
do his job and he needed to be able to hear what Duo was saying.
Everyone sighed.  Kiyone muttered to Washu, "I think Trowa's better off 
with me."
Washu chuckled. "You know what?"
"What?"
"I think you're right!"
Trowa finally managed to get Catherine and the manager away.  They left 
to pack everything onto a truck.
"Alright," said Trowa, staring at Kiyone, "what's the matter?"
"Well, these guys wanted to see you," said Duo, "and Washu said she'd 
help us out.  You know, with the White Fang.  Do you think all of us 
could get together so we could put all our information together and 
think of something useful, for a change? I mean, Trowa, you're really 
smart, and with just you and Heero here, we could think of something.  
Not to mention, don't you wanna have fun with these guys?"
"I'd love to, actually," said Trowa, "but we don't have time for fun in 
this world, Duo."
"You're a clown! You work in a circus! Don't you have fun?"
"No," said Trowa.  "It's not fun and games.  Maybe to you it is, but it 
isn't.  And not many things really.amuse me.  But this is my job.  I do 
this for money, it's the only thing I'm good at."
"And you want to be near Catherine."
Trowa lowered his voice. "Actually, that's not it at all.  She won't 
let me go.  I can't just walk away, either."
"She's a girl!" said Duo stubbornly.  "Some of them you just gotta 
leave behind!"
Kiyone and Trowa looked into each other's eyes.
"I'll come," said Trowa, after a long pause.  "When do you want me?"
"Right now's fine," said Duo.
"Alright, then," said Trowa.  "I have to help pack up, and then I'll 
come over to.Hilde's place, right?"
"Yeah.  We'll be waiting.  And calling the other pilots and Relena and 
Dorothy."
"But isn't Dorothy part of the White Fang?"
Duo paused. "Hey, that's right," he said, scratching his head. "Too bad 
we can't just ask her to come as friends."
"Actually, we can," said Aeka.  "She did make friends with us, didn't 
she?  I guess I could call her, and maybe-Wait a second, if the Gundams 
are against Dorothy, then how is Quatre Dorothy's boyfriend?"
Duo shrugged and said, "They were.  I don't know about now, since the 
sides are split."
Ryoko rolled her eyes.  Washu said triumphantly, "Well, now the boy is 
making good decisions!  Maybe now he'll welcome me with open arms! 
Hahahaha!" 
"Yeah, maybe," muttered Ryoko.
Washu glared seethingly at her.
"I'll be there in about three hours," said Trowa (sweatdrop).   Then he 
hung up.
Kiyone sat down in a chair.  "So we wait here for three hours?" asked 
Kiyone.
"Yeah, I guess so," said Duo.  "What else can we do, besides contact 
Heero and Quatre and the two girls?"
"How can we reach Dorothy, though?" asked Aeka.  "If she is not on the 
Gundam's side, then how will she just come with us?"
"I guess we'll just have to ask like nice little people," answered 
Ryoko, making a face.  "Although I can't see why we'd bother."
"I want to see how my experiment is coming along!" exclaimed Washu.  
The room went deadly silent as everyone turned to stare at her.
"Uh.I mean." Washu stuttered. "Um, I want to see how she's.doing!"
"Little Washu, what did you do to Dorothy?" asked Tenchi sternly.
"Nothing! Nothing at all!"
"Little Washu, if its nothing, then how come you look so guilty?" asked 
Sasami, peering up into her face.
"All right, I injected something into her, but I'm not telling what!"
"What did you put into her?" demanded Duo.  "She's.well, not really a 
friend, but I want to know what you did!"
Washu glanced around nervously.  Then she glared at Hilde and said, 
"Can she leave the room?"
"No," said Hilde, crossing her arms over her chest.  "I want to know 
what you did to Dorothy, and what country you come from.
Duo turned, apologetically, to Hilde.  "Actually, Hilde, they're 
right.Why don't you go grocery shopping?"
Hilde glared at him, then said, "All right.  I guess its just one of 
those things I'll never figure out."  Then she kissed Duo deeply, 
grabbed her purse, and left.
Duo looked happy.  Ryoko looked angry and glared at Hilde's retreating 
figure.
"Well, now we'll call Quatre," Duo said.  He picked up the phone part, 
dialed a certain number (it spelled EARTH) and then he waited for a few 
minutes.  Then a voice said, "You are now being connected to Earth.  
Please wait a few minutes while we connect your phone call."
Duo sighed and leaned against the wall.  "This always takes forever," 
he said to the others.  Washu was practically dancing on the spot that 
she didn't have to tell them their experiment to them.  A and B 
appeared on her shoulders.
Finally, the screen flipped on and an Arabian-looking man was looking 
into the screen, and said, "Hello, Winner's residence, how may I help 
you?"
"Yes, we want to speak to Quatre, please," Duo said.
"Oh.  Yes, Duo, please hold on a little bit."  The man disappeared for 
a little bit, and then a different screen clicked on and cancelled the 
other screen out.  Quatre was sitting at a desk.
"Duo?" he said. "What's going on? Why are you--?" His eyes widened when 
he saw everyone in the background. "Oh!  What are you doing here?"
"Hi, we're just passing through your dimension, wanna have a party?" 
asked Mihoshi, half in her normal voice, half the voice of a teenager 
who wants to have fun (even though she's not a teenager.).
Quatre looked surprised.  "Umm."
"We want you to come to Hilde's apartment up in a colony," said Duo.  
"We're sort of having a party, and Washu's agreed to help us out with 
the little problem against the White Fang."
"Oh.  Well, I guess I might be able to come.  When?"
"Today's fine."
"I might be there sometime tonight.Sure.  I'll be there."
"Thanks, Quatre."
"See you later!" said Mihoshi shrilly, smiling at Quatre.
"Quatre smiled back. "Goodbye, everyone," he said, waving, and then the 
screen flipped off.
"Now we call Heero," said Duo, hanging up and dialing another number.
"Doesn't Heero just-hang around?" asked Tenchi tentatively.  "I mean, 
where does he live?"
"He doesn't really live anywhere," Duo sighed.  "Mostly he repairs his 
Gundam and visits around with everyone.  He's got a cell phone-
surprisingly-but we can also reach him if he's got some mission right 
now."
After a few moments of waiting, Heero picked up his phone.  He was 
sitting in the cockpit of his Gundam.
"Duo.Why.?"
"We've got some visitors!" said Duo.
Heero glanced around behind Duo.  His eyes widened.
"What-what're you doing here?"
Washu smiled mischievously.  Heero gulped. 
"They're gonna help us out," said Duo.  "And they kinda wanted a 
party."
"Well, are you going to come to it?" asked Kiyone impatiently.  "You 
can come, as long as you come today or tonight."
Heero glared at her.  "I guess I'll come." he said.  Then he flipped 
off his phone.  The screen buzzed off.
"Well, that went pleasant, considering." said Duo.  "Now we'll contact 
Relena."
"Do we have to?" whined Kiyone.  Tenchi, behind everyone's back, turned 
and glared at her.  Kiyone giggled, thinking, Awww, he likes Relena!
They called the Romerfeller foundation.  They wished to speak to "Queen 
Relena" but the man who answered wouldn't let them talk to her, since 
she was the Queen of Earth and had important business to attend to.
"Yeah, like sitting on her ass all day in front of a TV while Dorothy's 
grandpa takes over the foundation," muttered Washu when Duo tried to 
persuade him.
"I know her really well," said Duo.
"I don't care," said the man.
"C'mon, get her on the line!" cried Kiyone.  "We're in a hurry!"
"She can't answer," said the man.
"She wants to talk to us.  She's been expecting a call from us."
"What's you're name?"
"Uh.his is Heero," said Kiyone, pointing at Duo.
"Yeah," muttered Duo, "and you're Lieutenant Noine."
The man looked at them suspiciously. "She can't-"
"Who's on the phone?" demanded an imperious voice.  Relena came into 
view and she shoved the man out of the way.  "I can take my own phone 
calls, thanks," she said stiffly. "The meeting is over anyway."
Then she looked on the screen. "Oh, Duo! Aeka! You guys!" 
"Hi," they all said. Washu made a pouting face and muttered something 
about world peace.
Relena glared at her, and Duo explained all over again about what they 
wanted to do.
"Hmmm.Sounds interesting," was all she said at first. "Of course I can 
go.  When can I go?"
"Now's fine," said Duo.
"Okay. I'll reach your place sometime tonight.  We'll have a small 
party and discuss plans, right? See you then."  She hung up.
"All right, only one more person to call," said Duo cheerfully. 
"Dorothy."
"Do we have to?" whined Ryoko. "I mean, none of us like her-"
"She's nice," cut in Mihoshi.
Ryoko glared at her. "No she's not.  If she insulted your hair, would 
you still think she was nice?"
"Well, she hasn't, so I think she's nice," retorted Mihoshi. "So shut 
up and go with the flow, Ryoko."
Ryoko looked stunned. "Mihoshi, that's so unlike you! I'm proud of 
you!" She slapped her on the back and smiled a Ryoko smile.
Mihoshi looked annoyed and ignored Ryoko.
Duo dialed the White Fang hotline.
"This is so weird," said Kiyone. "You're in the middle of a war and we 
just butt in, so the war freezes for us."
Some soldier answered the phone.  Duo said he wished to speak to 
Dorothy privately, since he was her boyfriend (which he wasn't) and had 
an important thing to tell her about the war.  The soldier looked 
suspicious but connected them to Dorothy. ("Well, he's a genius," 
muttered Ryoko sarcastically.) Before Dorothy answered, Tenchi turned 
to Duo.
"You're a Gundam Pilot, of course," he began. "So if she received a 
call with you answering, she'd immediately track you down and try to 
take a certain... uh, whatever you call it.well she might try to take 
your Gundam and kill you.  So maybe Mihoshi and I better answer the 
phone."
"Good point," said Duo, scratching his head.  Mihoshi and Tenchi sat in 
front of the screen, blocking Duo from view.
Dorothy finally answered. "What do you want?" she snapped, before 
looking at them.
"Do you remember us?" asked Mihoshi.
Dorothy glanced at the screen.  Her expression changed from annoyance 
to surprise-not exactly pleased surprise, but surprise-and she 
demanded, "What-how-where are you?"
"We're in your world!" exclaimed Mihoshi in her old, immature voice.
Dorothy rolled her eyes. "I can see that."
"Anyway, Dorothy." Tenchi began.  Then he explained everything, and he 
added at the end of his speech, ".just pretend it's like the war froze.  
You're not our enemy, we're not yours.  We just want to have a get-
together and have a party."
Dorothy sat back in her chair and seemed to be thinking deeply as she 
closed her eyes.  Finally she answered, without opening them, "Yes. 
I'll come.  Where and when?"
Tenchi explained where and to come as soon as possible.
"Fine," she said shortly.
"And, Dorothy," added Mihoshi before she hung up (in that new, mature 
voice), "don't be late, and don't get killed."
Dorothy looked surprised. "What?"
But Mihoshi had already hung up.
"Okay," said Duo, "so now I dig in the fridge for some sodas, beers, 
and chips, we have the party, we sort everything out."
"Did you notice Dorothy's stomach?" Washu asked in an undertone to 
Aeka.
"Well, I don't really look at those places," said Aeka.
"She's pregnant, too."
"Ooh, I wonder who with?" said Aeka mischievously.  The others were 
planning out the party and the part afterward.
"It's actually not even her child, really." said Washu, smiling in an 
evil way.
"What did you do to her?" demanded Aeka.
"All I did was insert something of mine and something of Heero's mixed 
together into her," said Washu, casually and innocently.
Aeka looked shocked.  They rejoined the others.  They had just decided 
that after Dorothy went home, they would discuss the plans for the 
downfall of the White Fang.
Soon evening came.  There was a knock on the door.
Kiyone flew to the door and opened it.
Trowa was standing there, in his normal clothes.
"Trowa!" exclaimed Kiyone, flinging her arms around his neck.  They 
kissed and held each other. 
"Aww, isn't that sweet," called Ryoko sarcastically. 
Kiyone broke apart from Trowa. "That does it!" she creamed. She pulled 
out her nitrogen gun and started firing it at Ryoko.  Ryoko flew around 
the room, dodging and cackling evilly as Kiyone kept missing.
"God-damnit-keep-still!" she exclaimed as she missed yet again.
The ceiling and walls were becoming ice.  Everyone tried not to touch 
anything.
"Kiyone!" exclaimed everyone.
Kiyone stopped. "Ryoko, just stay out of my way!" she cried, then 
turned back to Trowa.
"Anyway." she said, blushing and looking a bit shameful.
Trowa laughed and came inside.  No sooner had they closed the door then 
someone else knocked on the door.
They opened it again.  Heero and Quatre were waiting; Heero with his 
arms folded and looking sulky, Quatre looking cheerful.
"Hi, everyone," said Quatre, smiling at everyone.
"Hi," muttered Heero.
Everyone shook hands (including with Trowa) and Mihoshi flung her arms 
around Quatre.
"Hi, Quatre!" she exclaimed.
Quatre looked surprised and blushed.
They all took sodas and beers and sat down on the couch ("Poor me," 
muttered Kiyone, "I can't drink beer.") while they waited for Relena 
and Dorothy.  Then Duo sat up.
"How are we supposed to contact Wufei? I forgot all about him!"
"Don't worry about it," came Heero's cold drawl. "I managed to contact 
him and told him about it. He's coming."
"Thanks Heero," said Aeka and Duo.
"Don't mention it," said Heero. "Ever," he added.
They sat around and talked (Trowa and Kiyone were talking privately, 
and Ryoko was trying to hear what they were saying) and finally there 
was another knock on the door.
Relena was waiting there.
"Hi, Relena!" said Aeka and Tenchi.  Tenchi sounded too enthusiastic.
"Hello, everyone," said Relena, blushing a little when she looked at 
Tenchi. Tenchi did the same thing and scuffed his toes on the floor, 
looking down.
Heero looked positively murderous. So did Ryoko and Aeka. 
Everyone said hi and shook hands or hugged (Aeka and Tenchi hugged 
Relena) and they sat around at the couch again, until Wufei arrived.
"Hi, Wufei!" said Ryoko, Aeka and Sasami when he arrived.  Then Ryoko 
decided she didn't really care about Wufei, and Aeka and Sasami both 
hugged him and everyone else shook hands.
Then they sat around waiting for Dorothy.  When she came, everyone felt 
a little stiff towards her.
"Hi, Dorothy," said the Tenchi group, a little awkwardly.
"Hello, Dorothy," said Quatre warmly.
Heero said nothing to Dorothy, Trowa muttered a hello, Duo shook her 
hand but was looking grim, and Wufei said shortly, "Hello." He added 
under his breath, "Why is she here?" apparently to himself, but Aeka 
heard him.
"We're having a get-together," she said in a low tone to Wufei, "but 
when she leaves, we'll discuss the little matter."
Wufei glared at Aeka for a bit, and then he looked like a change came 
over his face; then he continued staring at the ground with a drink in 
his hand.
They all talked a lot.  Then Kiyone stood up and said, "Who wants to 
play a game?"
"What type?" demanded everyone else.
"Ummm."
"Strip poker!" yelled Duo gleefully. 
"Later," said Ryoko, grinning.
Just then, a phone rang somewhere.  Dorothy reached into her purse and 
found it was her cell phone.  She answered it.
"Hello?.Of course, Mr. Milliardo.  Right away."  Then Dorothy stood up 
and announced: "I must be going.  I'm sorry for leaving but this is an 
emergency.Goodbye!" Dorothy flew out the door.
Everyone stared at one another.  Then Heero said swiftly, "Alright, 
shall we get down to business?"
Everyone else muttered sulkily, "All right," and then they began to 
talk.
Washu cleared her throat.  "Everyone," she said, "in case you don't 
know, I'm going to help you Gundam pilots defeat your enemies.  Of 
course, I shouldn't help directly, but I can help create special 
weapons and such for your Gundams.  Now, we need to talk business." And 
Washu settled down talking with the pilots and Relena.
Kiyone and Mihoshi told everyone that they were going out for a walk on 
the town.
Ryoko and Aeka settled down to argue together.
Sasami looked bored and played with Ryo-Ohki.
Meanwhile, Mihoshi and Kiyone were walking on the streets, while cars 
rushed by.  They kind of liked the colony they were in, and they liked 
everything in it.
The two walked in silence.  When they passed a carnival with a Ferris 
wheel and some other rides, Mihoshi couldn't resist any more.
"Oh, Kiyone, can we go and ride the Ferris wheel and those other rides? 
Please?"
Kiyone sighed, and, to her surprise and Mihoshi's, laughed.
"Sure, why not?" she said.
They rode a few rides and bought cotton candy (yum ?).  
Then they were leaving.  Before they reached the exit, however, panic 
spread throughout the carnival and through the entire colony.  OZ 
soldiers had invaded and mobile suits had landed in other spots along 
the colony.
One mobile suit landed right in the carnival.
"Stay where you are," hissed the pilot.  More soldiers were running 
around and herding people in different places.  "This colony is now 
OZ's colony!"
Kiyone and Mihoshi were so surprised, and shocked, to notice what was 
going on much after that.  It felt unreal.  It felt.not right.  OZ 
wasn't supposed to do this, was it? She though the colonies were 
already on OZ's side.She was confused.  (They're on the White Fang's 
side.)
Then Kiyone saw something that just about made her cry. 
A little girl and her mother were being herded.  The little girl 
shouted at the soldier, "Leave me alone, Mister, you're mean and you're 
scary!"
"Shut up, stupid girl!" the soldier barked back, and hit the girl on 
the head with the butt of his gun.
The girl started wailing.  The mother yelled at the man, "She's just a 
child! Why would you treat her like this?"
The soldier screamed at the girl (he obviously had a short temper), 
"Shut up, you stupid child, or I'll shoot you!" The girl continued 
crying.  Kiyone thought the man was bluffing.
He wasn't.
He shot the girl in the forehead, and she died instantly.  
Everything was quiet, except the mother's strained sniffling, trying 
not to cry as she cradled her dead daughter's lifeless body.
Mihoshi's eyes were spilling with tears.  The officer spat at the 
girl's forehead.
"Serves her right," he snarled. "People who disobey orders get 
punished.  The same goes to all of you!" he howled at the stunned 
crowd.
Kiyone had enough.  What was wrong with this world?
"What the hell is your problem?" Kiyone demanded loudly, and stepped 
out of line.  "You would kill a child because she was unhappy?"
"Who asked your opinion?" snarled the officer.
"This world is insane! What the hell is your problem? You can't just go 
around shooting people in the forehead like that! It's inhuman!  
Killing a fellow human proves how barbaric people can be, I say-"
The soldier raised his gun again and fired.  Kiyone ducked down beneath 
the bullet.
"Oh, I need punishment now, do I?" snarled Kiyone sarcastically.
"Shut up, woman!" barked the officer.
Other soldiers were closing in.  Kiyone pulled out her freezer-gun.
"Hold it," she snapped, "or I'll kill you."
Everyone was staring at her.  Some with hatred (mostly the soldiers) 
other with amazed, dazed looks, others with triumph and happiness that 
someone was standing up and standing out.  
The soldiers that had surrounded Kiyone all held up their guns.  One 
man was pulling back the trigger when-
A gunshot fired.  The man's gun began to freeze to ice.  He dropped it 
and it shattered on the ground in a million pieces.
Mihoshi had pulled out her gun and shot it.  She glared around at 
everyone as she stood beside Kiyone.
"This isn't needed," she said quietly, but everyone could hear. "We 
don't need to fight.  We don't need to hold "captives" or take over 
this colony.  It's not right.  There's no reason.  So shut up, put away 
your guns, and let the people go.  What reason is good enough to 
explain an innocent child's death?"  She glared around at all the 
soldiers, and then said to the head one (the one who Kiyone had been 
yelling at) "Do you enjoy this?"
"Of course I don't!" the head soldier snapped.  "It's my job!"
"If you don't enjoy it," Mihoshi said, still in that quiet, deadly 
voice, "then why is it your job?  If you think you're safe as part of 
this army, then you're sadly mistaken.  Anyone could kill you, anytime, 
no matter where you are.  If you resign, and leave for Earth, you would 
be much safer than you are here."
"That's not why I'm here!" the man barked back, but he seemed like he 
was taken with Mihoshi's advice.
The soldiers suddenly all backed away.  They left the people and ran to 
the ships they had come to.
All the mobile suits and soldiers left.
Mihoshi and Kiyone were stunned. (So was everyone else; they weren't 
moving.)  Then Kiyone and Mihoshi walked over to the mother of the 
child, kneeled beside her, and Kiyone asked, "Are you all right?"
The woman looked up with tears in her eyes.  "Thank you," she 
whispered, "for standing up, standing out against them."
Kiyone and Mihoshi smiled sadly back.  Cheers went up and around, 
cheering for Kiyone and Mihoshi (calling them Rebel Girls) and everyone 
pressed around them, asking why and how they did such a thing.
"It's not right!" Kiyone said hotly in a reply.  "Killing a child just 
isn't normal! And you all should stand up for what is right! They have 
no reason for what they're all doing!  Why would someone want to rule 
space and Earth?"
The crowd went very quiet and started muttering to one another.  
Mihoshi and Kiyone escaped the crowds and ran along the street.
Mihoshi's eyes were still full of tears.

They got back just as Washu said, "Then it's settled."
(The apartment had had no effect at all with what had just happened, 
for some strange reason.)
Mihoshi broke down crying.  Kiyone's eyes were misted.
"You guys just missed it all?" spluttered Kiyone surprisedly, and 
questioningly.
"Missed what?" asked everyone else.
Kiyone and Mihoshi sighed depressedly and sat down on the couch, not 
speaking and staring at the ground.
Washu was going to need to rent a hangar or place to build something 
she needed to create.  She was going to check out the Gundam Pilot's 
Gundams and see what she might be able to add and wheat she could 
create to help.  She also had to design a battle plan with the Gundams.
But that was going to be a long time, Kiyone thought, and they had now 
to kick back and relax before the long, hard war.  Kiyone, despite what 
had happened, leaned against Trowa and smiled.  What would come, would 
come.and they would have to meet it when it did.









 




 



