From:	PMasters@webtv.net (Robert Hadley)
Date:	Tue, 20 May 1997 13:31:08 -0400
To:	washu@cohprog.com
Subject: [Washu ML] Washu's hair!


Her cap goes into another dimention.  I like that. However, it got me to
thinking of where the cap leads.  Or if it just goes to one place...
"Washu:  Interdimentional Trouble Maker"
     Washu bent back on her cusion as she placed the small cap over her
hair, which seemed to vanish into nothing.  She sighed as she felt the
weight leave her head.  *I am such an incredible genious to make
something so practical!*  She thought, *I wonder where my hair actually
goes?  Hmm, maybe someday I'll find out...*
-------------------- (These lines mark a change of dimentions)
     "Ranma!!!"  The bellow flowed through the house like a banshee's
cry, shaking the windows as it saught out it's victim.
     The owner of the name that was riding the harbinger of death, shook
as his ears registered the scream.  *What did I do now?*  He thought,
then *I hope she doesn't use the mallet this time.*  He still had a
painfull lump from the last unwaranted attack.
     Akane came into view as Ranma was looking for a way to escape.  He
took in her dangerous gaze and decided a little diplomacy was in order.
"What'd I do this time?!"
     Akane didn't change her facial expression at all, but just held
something up.  In her fingers was a red hair at least one and a half
meters long!
     "What's that supposed to mean!!?"  Ranma cried, willing himself to
be elsewhere.  Unfortunately, this got him nowhere.
     Akane turned an interesting shade of red herself.  "I found this on
your shirt in the laundry!"
(Note:  For those who don't know, in the manga Ranma's hair is always
black regardless of sex)
     Ranma saw his life flash before his eyes.  *I've go to kill my
father!*  Was his first thought, then the current situation brought him
back to the present.  "I don't know how it got there!!"  He tried,
though he knew this would not work.
     Akane's hand was allready reaching back.  Her hand breached the
dimentional barrier with practiced precision.  Her hand closed around
the first mallet it came in contact with.  
     Ranma closed his eye's and hailed greetings to the God of
Unconsciousness in the traditional Takahashi fasion.
--------------------
     Skuld looked around in confusion.  *I know I left my Bug Crusher
around here somewhere.*  She thought as she scanned for her trusty
mallet.  *Oh, well, it'll show up sometime.*  She shrugged as she heard
her sister's voice from the next room.
     "Oh, Keiichi!"  Called Belldandy.
     The one who was called poked his head in the door with a
questioning glance.
     The goddess held up a strand of red hair.  "I found this in your
underwear.  How did it get there?"  *Not to mention, who's is it?!*  She
added mentally with a frown.
     Keiichi's face seemed to drop into even more confusion.  "I have no
idea where that came from!  Are you sure you found it in my clothes?"
     "Yes, I'm possitive!"  Came the stern reply.
     "Have you been cheating on my sister?!"  Came a cry from across the
room.
     Keiichi's face paled this time.  "No, no, of course not Urd!  How
could you think something like that!?"
     Urd raised her hands.  "A little psionic wave should clear your
memory a bit."  With that her hands began to glow with an ominous light.
     "No Urd!"  Cried Belldandy, but a moment too late.
     The wave flew through the air toward Keiichi, who leapt out of the
way.  The magic blast suddenly vanished as it crossed the threshold of
the door.
     "What happened?"  Wondered Urd out loud.
     "Bugs!"  Came the answer, for Skuld, who stood in the doorway with
her goggles on.
---------------------
     Makoto cringed as he felt something grate at his mind.  *What was
that?!*  He thought, *It's as though someone wanted me to confess to
something.*  The confused young man went back to writing in his diary.
     "Makoto!"  
     The addressed one turned around to see Ifurita, his love, standing
in the door.  "Yes, dear?"
     "Don't yes dear me!!"  She held up a certain hair as she said this.
"Have you been with Shayla-Shayla lately!?"
     Makoto lost his pleasant demeanor.  "Uhh, no, of course not!  What
are you thinking!?"
     Ifurita raised her key-staff.  "I'm thinking it's time for the Eye
to be reactivated!"  This said, she made good her threat.
     *Oh, heck.*  Makoto thought as he watched the wormhole descend on
him.
--------------------
     Lina jumped as something hit her in the head.  She glanced down to
see a slightly scorched ink pen laying there.  She picked it up, *I
wonder where this came from?*  Then, she shrugged and threw it to the
side.  There were more pressing matters at hand.  "Gourry!!!"  She
cried.
     The one cried for peered out of the cave he was sleeping in.  "Yea,
Lina?"
     "What is this!?"  She held up the 'this' (If you don't know what
'this' is, work on your pattern recognition skills).  
     "One of your hairs?"  Mused Gourry.  "Why?"
     "Well, one, I found it on you.  And two."  She didn't finish, she
just held up the hair next to herself.
     Gourry blinked, then gulped, as the hair reached to ground, and
made a small pile there.
     "Uh... I can explain!!"  He pleaded.
     "You have two seconds!"  Was his answer.
     Gourry tried to come up with something, but two seconds wasn't near
enough time.  
     However, this is about how long it took Lina to silently quote the
familiar incantation that ended with this bellow:  "Dragon Slave!!"
     *Oh boy.*  Was Gourry's last coherent thought.
--------------------
     Washu was awakened suddenly by a feeling of a powerfull energy.
She shivered.  *I wonder what that was?*
------END------
A bit of silliness from Phillip Masters (5/20/97)

"My God, it's full of stars!" - 2010 
Still in search of the Lost Chord... 
Http://www.iwaynet.net/~dr.diddy/masters   PMasters@webtv.net 
Member of the #AAS#:  Achika appreciation society and member of
#WASHU#:  Washu's Acadamy of Science and Higher Understanding.
