Disclaimer-Heck, I don't own any character in this story, no one from Gundam 
Wing, no one from Tenchi Muyo!/Universe. Pioneer or something owns them like 
that. The only thing that is really mine is the coffee cup thing with A and B, 
and the thing between Trowa and Kiyone (Sorry if I gave anything away.). Don't 
sue me, don't try to do anything like that, but my e-mail address is   HYPERLINK 
mailto:TheCopyCat1@homestead.com   TheCopyCat1@homestead.com  E-mail me any 
questions or ideas.
****You are being warned this fic is extremely long****

Washu's Mistake-Part 1

This story takes place during Tenchi Muyo, before any bad dudes come along, and 
it has Kiyone in it.  After all, Tenchi Muyo was basically how they lived their 
lives.                                                                                                              
Washu was the smartest and greatest scientist in the known universe.  She knew 
that for a fact. Her friends and even enemies told her so (especially her 
buddies known as A and B!) She would have won many awards, if she weren't stuck 
on that god-forsaken rock of a planet known as Earth.
	Oh, if she hadn't been stranded on that planet with the princess, her 
daughter the space pirate, and that teenage kid, she would've been in probably 
the galaxy farthest away from Earth.  But, she had come to like all these 
people: Tenchi Masaki, a teenage boy who lived in the house they were all 
staying in, Princess Aeka Jurai, the eldest daughter of the King of the planet 
Jurai, her little sister Sasami, the two Galaxy Police officers Mihoshi and 
Kiyone, and her as-you-might-call-her daughter, Ryoko the space pirate.  
	They all lived together in that cramped-up house with her small 
puppets/machines of herself, known as A and B, and Ryoko's baby spaceship, Ryo-
ohki.  They had their special spots in the house: Tenchi, his room, Sasami, the 
kitchen, Ayeka, the lake, still looking for the remains of her ship, Ryoko, 
Tenchi's shoulder and Washu, the closet under the stairs.
	Except it wasn't a closet.  It was her special laboratory, which doesn't 
really look like it.  But she sits on a floating cushion and works at her 
slightly transparent computer almost all day, inventing things and running new 
experiments, and, of course, reading and checking out updates on anything.
	But one day, in the month of July, Washu came out into the living room, 
where everyone was sitting except Sasami and Ryo-ohki, who were cooking.  Ayeka 
and Kiyone were drinking tea, Mihoshi was spilling her tea, Tenchi was reading a 
book, and Ryoko was playing a video game.
	Honestly! thought Washu. That girl plays video games and that cabbit 
follows Sasami everywhere! Washu didn't comment on either things.  Few knew what 
ran through her head, besides math problems and Tenchi, and Ryoko, and Tenchi, 
and more math problems, and Tenchi, and new inventions.
	Washu sat down between Kiyone and Ayeka.  Everyone looked at her 
expectantly, until a shrill voice rang out:
	"Mihoshi! What are you doing with that? That's not yours! AIIIIIGH! You 
spilled coffee all over my uniform!"
	Unmistakably, it was Kiyone screeching at Mihoshi again.  Mihoshi seemed 
heartbroken.
	"I didn't mean to, Kiyone, it was an accident!" she cried in a high-
pitched whiny voice. "It wasn't my fault! And is that coffee? I thought it was 
tea." Mihoshi looked thoughtful for a moment.
	Kiyone looked murderous, though. "Mihoshi."
	"I have an announcement," said Washu. "Listen up."
	"But mo-om," said Ryoko with emphasis, waving her tail impatiently, "I'm 
playing my video game! Announce it sometime else."
	"Daughter," Washu said in an equally emphasized, sarcastic voice, "This 
won't wait.  It needs the TV."
	Ryoko looked annoyed but turned off her video game.  "And I was winning."
	Sasami came out of the kitchen. "I've got dinner!" she said in a happy 
tone.
	"What is it? asked Tenchi, looking up.
	Sasami held out a plate. "Fried caracovi, sliced salami and some mustard 
toppings!"
	"What's caracovi?" asked Mihoshi, grabbing a napkin and handing it to 
Kiyone.
	"I'm not telling!" said Sasami with an anime smile.
"It means liver dipped in something dreadfully disgusting, thus being fried with 
extra.disgusting stuff," muttered Aeka. 
	"I'll pass," said Tenchi in a weak tone. 
	"No way," said Ryoko in a defiant voice.
	"Not for me," muttered Kiyone and Ayeka.
	"Uh-uh," said Washu.
	"Looks good!" cried Mihoshi, grabbing a lot of the caracovi and dumping it 
in her mouth.  After chewing a bit she spat it out. "Yucky!" she cried.
	Sasami looked broken-hearted.
	"Anyway," said Washu in a rush, snapping her fingers, "I've found out 
something not for importance but for fun.  It would be interesting to watch." 
Her half-transparent computer buzzed to visibility in front of her.  Sitting on 
a cushion in front of the TV, she began typing like mad.  
	"What is this new invention of yours, Washu?" asked Ayeka, setting down 
her empty teacup.
	"You'll see," said Washu with a smile.
	"I'm hoping it'll be something Tenchi and I can share," said Ryoko with a 
voice made to annoy Ayeka, and Ryoko wrapped her arms around Tenchi. "Preferably 
a small deserted island in the middle of the ocean where you guys can't come."
	"Ryoko, get off!" cried Tenchi.
	Ayeka looked like she burst a blood vessel. "Ryoko, unhand Lord Tenchi 
this instant! He doesn't deserve to-" 
	Ayeka was cut off when the TV began to buzz to life by itself.  Ryoko was 
making devil faces at Ayeka and showing a rude sign indeed with one of her 
fingers.
	"Remember, this is only for entertainment," said Washu.
	Ayeka was red in the face with anger at Ryoko, who was making animal faces 
and giggling evilly at Ayeka.
	The TV then showed a commercial for two anime shows: Gundam Wing and 
Dragonball Z. Washu was still clicking away madly on her computer, not noticing 
what channel it was on.  The TV screen turned a blinding light, and Kiyone 
called over a sound of rushing wind, "This isn't a stupid idea, is it, Washu?"
	"It might be to some," muttered Washu.  Sasami called, "Hey! What's that?"
Several small figures, as though people from a distance, were coming through the 
white light.  They advanced at an alarming rate and pretty soon, seven people 
were standing in front of the TV.
	"-And I will accomplish total pacifism!" a voice was finishing.
	"Hey, that sounds like someone I watch on a cartoon show," said Mihoshi in 
a puzzled voice.
	The seven people were from another anime show-Gundam Wing.  The Gundam 
pilots (Heero, Trowa, Quarte, Wufei, and Duo) and Dorothy with Relena Peacecraft 
were all standing in front of their TV.
	"What the---Hey! I didn't program this!" Washu began to click away at the 
computer.
Sasami looked at them all with mild interest. "So who are you and where did you 
come from?"
The pilots blinked. After awhile, Duo shrieked, "Look! They've got weird hair!"
"Look who's talking," retorted Wufei.
"My hair is not weird!" said Duo in a shocked voice.
"All right, I'm killing you all," said Heero, holding up a gun and pointing it 
at Tenchi's forehead. Tenchi looked utterly devastated, with that look only 
Tenchi can give.
Ayeka immediately sent up her energy shield as Heero pulled back the trigger.  
The bullet bounced away and Ayeka kept the shield up.
"What are you?" asked Heero, his eyes widening in shock.
"The hell did you do, Mom?" Ryoko cried.
"I didn't expect this to happen.It wasn't supposed to happen!" Washu made a 
face. She continued typing like mad.
A and B jumped up onto Washu's shoulders. "Washu is the greatest, the greatest 
in the universe!" they cried together.
"Shut up, you," said Heero, firing his gun at them and making them flee in 
terror.
"Leave them outta this," said Washu.  "What harm did they do to you?"
"They're puppets, Mom" muttered Ryoko, and at the same time A and B appeared 
with coffee cups bigger than themselves, and poured hot coffee on Heero's feet.
"Shit!" he yelped, hopping up and down on one foot.
"Heero!" cried Relena.
"Shut up, Relena!" all the other Gundam pilots and Dorothy yelled.
"You said a naughty word, Mr. Heero!" said Sasami indignantly.
Heero gave her a withering look.
"Everyone just calm down," said Washu, raising her voice over the babble of 
talk, which just broke out over the two anime groups. "I can fix this. In the 
meantime, why don't we all just introduce each other.
"I am Washu, the greatest scientist in the universe! Hahahahahahaha!"
"Mom, shut up!" cried Ryoko. "Oh, I'm a space pirate. Name's Ryoko."
"What, you rob the colonies?" Trowa looked confused.
Ryoko gave him a sarcastic look. "Yeah, that's it, genius," she said in a voice 
dripping with sarcasm. Trowa gave her a withering glare.
"My name is Ayeka, eldest daughter of the King of Jurai," said Ayeka, standing 
up and bowing.
"Where's Jurai?" asked Duo, scratching his head. "And hey, Wufei, check it out! 
She's bowing to me!" He grinned a proud, mischievous grin. Ayeka gave him a 
cocky glance.
"My name's Sasami. I'm the sister of her." Sasami jabbed a finger at Ayeka.
Duo grinned. "Sasami? As of salami? And why'd you dye your hair like that?"
Sasami glared at him. "I didn't dye it, I was born with it!" Ryo-ohki growled at 
Duo.
"My name is Tenchi Masaki. I.own the place." Tenchi looked up at the Gundam 
pilots in an embarrassed sort of way as Ryoko draped herself on his shoulders.  
Ayeka grit her teeth.
Quarte frowned at Ryoko. "Weird girl."
"What did you call me?" asked Ryoko, standing up and glaring at him.
"My name's Kiyone. I work with the Galaxy Police. This is my partner, Mihoshi," 
Kiyone had stood up and addressed herself and Mihoshi. "And Mihoshi's the 
biggest bubblehead you'll ever meet-"
"That's not a nice thing to say, Kiyone!" cried Mihoshi.
Trowa arched an eyebrow at her.
"My name's Relena Peacecraft," said Relena. "And I promise to dominate world 
peace-"
"So we've heard," interrupted Duo.
"My name is Heero Yuy," said Heero, looking at his gun as if wishing to clean it 
or fire it.
"My name's Duo Maxwell, and I am the Great Destroyer!" cried Duo. 
Wufei looked at him with an annoyed glare, his arms folded. "I'm Chang Wufei. 
Call me Wufei."
"My name is-"
"Quarte," interrupted Duo. "No one cares about your middle name."
"-and my last name's Winner," said Quarte, glaring at him.
"My name's Trowa Barton," said Trowa. His arms were folded too.
"My name is Dorothy.  Please feel free to ask any questions of us."
"I got one," said Ryoko, floating in mid-air, "Have you ever cut your hair 
before?"
Dorothy glared at her. "Yes I have."
"Lemme guess. When you were eight?"
"Well, at least my hair isn't white," Dorothy shot back. "And my hair can be 
washed, not going all stiff and frozen like yours like a rock-"
They continued arguing. Heero asked Tenchi, as everyone else began arguing, "How 
can you stand these girls?"
"I live with it," he sighed.
Ayeka was talking with Duo. "You've got long hair? On a boy?"
"Mine's not purple, now is it? And I don't wear a kimono."
"You dress weird, yourself. I mean, your pants make your thighs look like-"
"Let's not go into detail," muttered Duo. "Say, nice place-show me around."
Ayeka glared at him but showed him to the kitchen.
Washu was arguing with Relena. "According to my calculations, world peace is not 
possible!" she shouted.
"It will be when I become ruler!" cried Relena.
"I'm tellin' you, girl, that you're kidding yourself with this "World Pacifism" 
thing-"
"It will all be worthwhile!"
Kiyone was fascinated with Trowa's talk of his world.
"In outer space, in our world," he was saying, "there are colonies, and we've 
never heard of aliens or other galaxies or anything of the sort."
"Wow," said Kiyone. "We're way ahead of you in technology."
"I could tell," said Trowa, nodding at Washu. "Say, do you want to go grab 
something to eat?.Well, first I've gotta find the kitchen."
"It's this way," said Kiyone, giggling, and she led him down the hall, talking 
about how their spaceships differed from the Gundams.
Mihoshi was listening to Quarte with rapt attention.so it looked. 
"Oooooh." she said as Quarte began to tell about his Gundam.  When he had 
finished, she paused, glancing around, and then said, "Now what's a Gundam?"
Quarte sighed. "You really are hopeless."
Wufei was explaining something to Sasami.
"No, no, a Gundam is a mechanical thing that the humans created," he said.  
"They're very powerful."
"Not as powerful as Tsunami," said Sasami, picking up Ryo-ohki.
"What is that?" asked Wufei, jumping when he heard it meow.
"This is Ryo-ohki," said Sasami proudly. "A cabbit."
"Right," said Wufei weakly.
When Duo, Aeka, Trowa and Kiyone got back (Trowa's arm was looped with Kiyone's) 
Washu said loudly, "I've figured out how to send you seven back to where you 
came from, but it will take three days.  In the meantime, let's get you settled.  
Heero, you sleep with a sleeping bag in Tenchi's room-" Tenchi looked nervously 
at Heero's gun-"Aeka and Relena in Sasami's room, since you sister have to share 
anyway (with sleeping bags, mind you), Dorothy in Relena's room.Huh..Wufei and 
Duo on the couches in here, Trowa in Kiyone and Mihoshi's room and Quarte in my 
lab." 
Quarte looked surprised. "But-Miss Washu-"
Washu winked at him. "You remind me of my husband."
Quarte: (sweatdrop) "Eheheh.right."
Trowa looked a bit surprised too. "I'm in a girls room?"
"You have a problem with that?" asked Washu.
Trowa blushed. "No." He looked up at the ceiling. Duo snorted.
"Well let's get your sleeping bags out now," said Washu. "They're over there, in 
that cupboard," she added, pointing to a door next to the window. "Oh, and 
whenever ya wanna, we just added new outdoor baths." She winked at Quarte. He 
looked half-bewildered, half-annoyed. Then the Gundam Wing characters (except 
Relena, hers was upstairs) went and grabbed sleeping bags. Then Aeka and Sasami 
showed the way to their room, Wufei and Duo shoved everyone off the couches and 
settled down, Trowa followed Kiyone upstairs (she was giggling) and Tenchi 
nervously showed Heero his room.  The people left in the living room were Wufei, 
Duo, Dorothy, Ryoko, Mihoshi, Washu and Quarte.
Washu giggled and said, "My room's under the stairs." Quarte looked regretful. 
Washu grabbed his hand and flew through the door. Duo looked up at Ryoko and 
Mihoshi and said, "So.you guys virgin?"
Ryoko looked annoyed. Mihoshi gasped, "Of course!"
Duo blinked. "Forget I asked."
"Oooh the sun's setting," said Mihoshi, glancing out the window.
"Oh joy.  You know what the sun is," Dorothy muttered.
There were suddenly muffled cries from Washu's lab. 
"Look, I didn't really think my first girl would be a twelve-year-old-"
"Oh hush up and stay still! I'm not twelve! And if ya want me to look, eh, 
bigger, it's yours!" There was a loud zapping noise.
"Help me!" shrieked Quarte's voice.
The people remaining in the living room all stared at the door.
"Goodnight," said Wufei.
"Call me when dinner's ready," muttered Duo.
"Why don't you show me where I'm sleeping?" asked Dorothy.  Ryoko agreed and 
they went up the stairs.
Mihoshi looked confused. "What's going on in there?" Wufei and Duo sighed 
heavily.
Mihoshi sighed too. "I'm going to bed," she said.
"So early?" asked Duo.
"Well you two are in bed."
"We're not sleeping.  We're talking."
Mihoshi shrugged and went upstairs.
She went into the third door on the right. Kiyone and Trowa were talking and 
gazing at each other fondly. "Hi guys!" Mihoshi cried.
"Hey, Mihoshi," said Kiyone, glancing up.
"Hi," said Trowa. 
"Okie," agreed Mihoshi with an anime smile.
Meanwhile, across the hall, Dorothy and Ryoko were arguing over something.
"It's not like I've got headlice or anything! Lemme use your pillow!"
"No!" Ryoko said sternly.
"Oh, you might need one, since your hair is a rock thing," Dorothy argued. 
"Hmmm, maybe you should wash it or something-"
"Not that you ever do!"
"Wanna bet?"
"Yeah!"
On the first door to the left, Aeka, Sasami, and Relena were all talking. They 
were all in their PJs already.
"Washu said world pacifism isn't possible?"
"Yes, that's what she said. I'm sure of it." Relena sighed. "They all say that."
"Well I don't!" cried Aeka. "World pacifism is possible if you work hard at it!"
"But universal pacifism." Sasami trailed off.
All three sighed.
Downstairs in Tenchi's room, Heero was pointing a gun at him. "Gimme the bed."
"Okay, okay!" cried Tenchi. "I'll take the sleeping bag." He rolled it out on 
the floor.  Heero took off his shirt and got in the bed.
The door to Washu's lab burst open.  Quarte stumbled out, out of breath, and 
glanced around. Duo and Wufei both looked up at him.  All he had on were a pair 
of boxers.camel boxers.  Duo snorted from laughter.  Quarte ignored him and 
raced to the door.  It was magically locked.
"Damnit!" he cried.
"What's wrong with you?" asked Duo and Wufei in unison. 
"Madwoman!" Quarte gasped, pointing at the door to Washu's lab.  Washu's voice 
floated out, "Ohhhhh Quarrrrte.."
Quarte shrieked and ran to the stairs. 
"What's going on?" asked Tenchi, poking his head out the door.  He suppressed 
his giggles at the sight of the speeding Quarte. Heero stuck his head out the 
door and hollered, "I told you to wear normal boxers today!"
"How would you know he had those boxers?" asked Tenchi in surprise.  
"Well.the entire group of us-the pilots, Dorothy, Relena, Noine, Miliardo, and 
Catherine-played strip poker once.  Heh, it was hilarious.but I didn't get to 
take any of my clothes off." Heero frowned.
Tenchi blinked. "Riiight."
Washu came bursting out of the lab, fully clothed, unlike Quarte. "Where'd he 
go?"
"We dunno," lied Tenchi.  Duo and Wufei pretended to just wake up.
"Huh?" asked Duo in a groggy voice.
Suddenly hilarious laughter burst upstairs.
"He's got camel boxers!" shrieked a giggly voice of Kiyone's.
All the girls upstairs could be heard laughing. Quarte's voice rose above the 
laughing, "Hide me!"
"Oh, he's up there?" Washu ran to the stairs.
"Wait, Washu," called Heero.
"What?" Washu froze on the first step.
"Dorothy's his girlfriend.  She'll kill you."
"Then I'll pluck and dye her eyebrows!" Washu continued running upstairs.
Pretty soon a heated argument could be heard upstairs between Dorothy and Washu.  
Quarte, Trowa, Kiyone, Aeka, Sasami and Relena raced downstairs, Trowa in a 
large T-shirt (which said, "How's your Aspen?") and Kiyone in a very short skirt 
pajama-type thing.  
"Mihoshi's still asleep and Ryoko disappeared somewhere," explained Kiyone. 
"Looks like Dorothy's pretty pissed."
"Quatre's Dorothy's boyfriend," explained Trowa, glancing at her.
"Ooohhhhhhh."
A shout made them all jump.  "Hey! Get off, Ryoko!" Tenchi shouted from his 
bedroom.  Heero said something, but it sounded muffled, and then Tenchi and 
Heero burst from Tenchi's room.
"I.found Ryoko." Tenchi panted.
Ryoko was sitting on his bed back in his room.  "Tenchi, why don't you wanna be 
with me?"
Tenchi gulped.
"I have an idea." began Tenchi, ignoring Ryoko who floated out of his room and 
next to him, "we need to learn how to separate the entire group of us with out 
anyone..umm.umm."
"Losing virginity?" suggested Duo.
"Being molested?" inquired Aeka.
Tenchi blinked. "Um, yeah.  And if my dad comes home, well, who knows what'll 
happen!"
"Whaddya mean by that?" asked Relena.  "That he'll blow his top?"
"Nah, he's girl-crazy." Tenchi trailed off.
"Ohhhhhh." Relena nodded understandingly. 
More arguments burst out on the floor above.
"I think we should send the girls to a cabin not far away from here," said Duo 
slowly, with a smirk, "but keep Washu in her lab so that Dorothy and Washu don't 
argue."
"That's a good idea," said Tenchi, ignoring most of the girls' angry looks.
"You know, we could just add something to the stairs so that the girls can't see 
the boys at night," Aeka put in.  "No one can get through, not even you, Ryoko, 
and Washu's lab doesn't connect to the upper floor so Dorothy and Washu won't 
start some fight over Quatre."
"That's a better idea than the cabin thing," Heero agreed. "I don't think 
there's a cabin nearby, anyway."
"Oh fer cryin' out loud," yelled Duo, "lemme get some sleep!" Duo covered his 
head with his sleeping bag.
"Someone come with me so we can restrain Dorothy and Washu, and put Washu 
downstairs," said Heero, looking around. 
"I'll go," said Ryoko. "C'mon."
Heero ran up the stairs with Ryoko floating after him.
"The problem, though," said Tenchi, "is if Ryoko can go through this or not."
"She won't be able to and I'll make sure of that," sniffed Aeka.
Duo grumbled from his spot on the couch. Wufei sat up and said, "It's well after 
midnight, and Duo has to get up in two hours to re-braid his hair.  Can we go to 
sleep?"
Kiyone burst out laughing, while Sasami said: "You have to re-braid your hair 
every day?"
Duo sat up and glared at her. "It'll look disgusting if I don't!"
Everyone downstairs laughed.
"There's nothing funny about it! Hey, shut up! C'mon, it's not funny!" Duo 
looked very impatient.  Then Ryoko came downstairs grasping Washu's fists, Heero 
holding Dorothy's.  They were still trying to yell at each other.
"Alright, in you go, Washu," said Ryoko, shoving her into her lab. She looked 
shaken, then yawned and said, "Goodnight, everyone, except you, blondie."  She 
slammed the door.  Dorothy folded her arms, looking annoyed.
"Alright, girls upstairs," said Tenchi, "with Trowa, of course.  Get going."
"We're going to add a new special-locked doorway right now," added Quatre, 
looking nervously at Dorothy. "Hey, I didn't want to sleep in that room!"
Trowa and the remaining girls went back upstairs.  Tenchi and Heero went in his 
room while Duo and Wufei started snoring in their sleep.  Washu got up after all 
were asleep and installed a new door, much to her dismay, that would open with a 
key that only Sasami had to start cooking breakfast.
All was peaceful for the rest of the night, but everything was hectic in the 
morning.
First up was Sasami, cooking pancakes for everyone.  She was harried; making 
around fifty pancakes before everyone got up, and when she sat down to eat her 
own, Ryoko, Dorothy, Washu, and Mihoshi came downstairs.
"Oh goody! Pancakes!" exclaimed Mihoshi.
"Oh joy. Pancakes," muttered Ryoko sarcastically. "At least we aren't eating 
rice or soy sauce for breakfast again."
Washu sat down and wolfed her food up before the other two could sit down, then 
stood up and announced: "I'm working on a new project, and it might take a 
little while.  Then I'll work on the problem with our visitors."
"I hope it had nothing to do with crabs," muttered Ryoko. "Every time someone 
enters your lab there's some type of crab around."
Washu sniffed in disdain. "I happen to like crabs, Ryoko."  She went inside her 
lab and slammed the door shut.
Just as Dorothy was standing up to wash her plate, Duo and Wufei came in, 
arguing.
"Damn, Duo! You woke me up last night to help you with-"
"Shut up, Wufei!" cried Duo.
"No! I can't believe you woke me up to help you braid your hair! You should be 
able to braid it by now!"
Dorothy blinked. "I think I'll go wake up Quatre now." She left the room. 
Mihoshi giggled at Duo and Wufei's argument.
"Good morning you two," Sasami said, handing them two plates of pancakes.
"Thanks," they muttered, sitting down opposite each other and beginning to eat.
Tenchi and Heero walked in, said "Good morning," and then they began to eat as 
well.
Kiyone and Trowa came downstairs, smiling at each other fondly (which only Heero 
noticed) and then sat down to eat.
"Morning, everyone," said Trowa.
"Good morning," said everyone else.
"So, how's everything going so far?" asked Kiyone tentatively.
Everyone began talking again.
"Tenchi was being an annoying twerp saying he didn't like either Ryoko or Aeka 
and still wanted to marry this Sakuya girl-"
"Duo woke me up last night to help him braid his hair!"
"I did not!"
"I've been cooking all day and we just ran out of pancake batter."
"Trowa and Kiyone were sleeping in the same bed last night!"
"WE WERE NOT!" (That was true.)  Duo burst out laughing.
"I had nightmares last night in my cramped-up closet," muttered Quatre, who had 
just walked in with Dorothy. "Thankfully Washu didn't find me."
Footsteps announced Relena and Aeka's arrival.
"World pacifism is a good idea!"
"Only if you're willing enough-" 
"The world would be a better place to live in with pacifism!"
"It's practically impossible!"
"Just work hard at it and you'll be fine."
"Everyone has to agree upon it!"
"We will triumph over this matter!" finished Relena. "Good morning, everyone. 
Good morning, Heero."
Everyone grumbled a hello. Heero looked out the window in an embarrassed way.
"I hope everyone had a good sleep-" Aeka began.
"A good sleep?" yelled Wufei. "I don't think-" Just then Tenchi ran in, 
breathless. Ryoko flew in after him.
"Oh, man! Listen up, everyone!" he cried. The room fell silent almost 
immediately.  "My dad-Nobuyuki-is coming home really soon, which is in around 
fifteen minutes and I don't think I'd know how to explain this.Will you guys 
help me?"
Heero glanced at Relena. Relena glanced at Trowa. Trowa glanced at Quatre.  
Quatre glanced at Dorothy. Dorothy glanced at Duo, Duo at Wufei, and Wufei 
glanced back at Heero.
"Oh, fine what do we have to do?" Heero sighed.
"Well, I'm not sure yet.  We might have to hide some of you and explain that 
some of you are staying as friends.Maybe we'll have to fake an emergency to keep 
him away.  Maybe we could just explain the whole thing."
"Explain," said Relena, at the same time that Heero said, "Fake emergency."  
They glanced at each other.
"Let's take a vote," said Tenchi. "All in favor of explaining raise your hands." 
Kiyone, Trowa, Relena, Aeka, Sasami, Dorothy, Mihoshi and Quatre raised their 
hands. "And of course, you guys." Heero, Duo, Wufei, Ryoko, Washu, and Tenchi 
raised their hands.
"Well, we're going to have to explain." Tenchi sighed.  "Well, now that 
breakfast is over."
Everyone looked around.  Sasami announced: "Anyone wanna play a game?"
"Alright," everyone agreed. 
"What game?" asked Ryoko with a bite of annoyance in it.
"I dunno." Sasami shrugged, glancing around.
"Let's play a card game," said Tenchi awkwardly.
"I want to look around, actually," announced Trowa.
"So do I," agreed Quatre.
They both walked outside at different times.  Kiyone watched Trowa go a little 
despairingly.
Heero noticed this.  When everyone began to file into the TV room, Heero tapped 
her shoulder and said, "So you seem to like Trowa."
Kiyone looked a little startled and shrugged. "He's really nice."
"He's got a girlfriend back home named Catherine." Heero walked into the TV 
room.  Kiyone walked sadly after him.
Tenchi sat down, but since now five people were gone, Quatre and Trowa touring, 
Washu somewhere else and Sasami in the kitchen learning a new recipe with Wufei. 
Wufei seemed to enjoy helping the little child anyway.
Tenchi took out a pack of cards and looked around at the remaining people: 
Ryoko, Aeka, Relena, Heero, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Dorothy, and Duo.
"We could play spoons." he started lamely.
Kiyone stood up. "I'm going outside," she announced.
"Alright," said Tenchi, startled. Heero looked up at her in a menacing way.
Kiyone walked outside.  She saw that Quatre was far across the lake, walking up 
the steps to Yoshou's shrine, and Trowa was standing next to the lake.  Kiyone 
glanced around further at the mountains covered in trees and the blue, blue sky 
dotted with small white clouds here and there.  Kiyone walked over to Trowa at 
the water's edge, who was looking into the water with a serious face, and stood 
next to him. Kiyone smiled and looked into the sky.
After a long pause, Trowa glanced at her shyly. "I really like it here," he 
said, his cheeks glowing with a very faint blush.
He's pretty shy, Kiyone thought, smiling at him. 
"Yeah, I'm happy that I don't need to live in my apartment anymore.  Tenchi let 
us stay here."
"Yeah." Trowa smiled and looked down at the water again.  After another long 
pause, he said: "I wonder how Washu is going to get us home.  This.is a big 
problem, but.Well, this place is just beautiful." He raised his arm and gestured 
to the mountains of trees, the stone steps up to Yoshou's shrine (which now had 
Washu walking up) at the lake, at the house, at the lush green grass, and then 
he ran his fingers through Kiyone's hair.  "With you here, it looks much more 
beautiful than I thought."
Now it was Kiyone's turn to blush.  She smiled up at him lovingly.  He smiled 
back down and just as they were bending towards each other to kiss, Mihoshi 
yelled from right behind them, "Hi you guys! They're playing a really fun game 
inside called Spoons! Do you two want to play?" She smiled a giant smile.
Trowa turned red and Kiyone yelled, "Mihoshi!.Not right now."
"Okay!" Mihoshi replied cheerfully.  Then she glanced at how close they were 
standing together. "Hey, what are you two doing?"
"Go away!" screeched Kiyone. 
Mihoshi blinked, smiled an anime smile, and said, "Okay, I'll be inside!" She 
walked back to the house and went inside.
Trowa, still faintly red, backed away from Kiyone. "I'd better go now."  He 
slowly walked away from Kiyone, back to the house.  Kiyone sadly watched him go.
Quatre was looking around Yoshou's-or Grandpa's-shrine with wonder.  They didn't 
build these shrines in the colonies, of course, but they had them in Japan and 
other parts of the world.  He had only been to one before (and back then had 
found it really boring) and now he looked around in an interested way.
A while later, he began to walk down the long stairs, past all the trees and 
such, when someone burst out of the forest on his right side and said: "Hey! 
What are you doing here?"
It was Washu.  Quatre thought she had been waiting for him. 
"Uhh.I was looking around the shrine and now I want to go somewhere else so 
please excuse me Miss," he said hurriedly and began running past her as fast as 
she could. 
"Wait a second!" she cried, racing down after him and catching up. "Can't you 
just give me one itsy-bitsy kiss before I die of loneliness?"
Quatre didn't stop running so she swung him around by his arm and gave him a 
very big kiss.
"Hey!" cried Quatre, pushing past her and running still faster.
"Wait! Wait!" cried Washu, racing after him.
"Listen, lady, I'm very thankful that I wasn't looking around any bedrooms and 
I'm not going in your lab again so you can do.whatever to me!  Just keep away 
from me! Dorothy'll kill both of us with her freakin' anger! HEY! Leave me 
alone!" Washu had grabbed the edge of his jacket.
"If you don't do something for me you won't be allowed to go back to your 
world," threatened Washu.
"I'll think it over!" Quatre gasped, from running so much. (Thankfully they were 
nearing the bottom of the stairs.) He shrugged off Washu and ran faster than 
he'd ever run before. Washu remained on the last step, pouting and watching 
Quatre speed towards Tenchi's house.
Wufei was helping Sasami clean up a spill in the kitchen.  He thought he'd 
detest helping the child; instead he was liking it, talking to her and cooking.  
Half the people he met didn't understand what he talked about, and Sasami seemed 
to be someone who'd understand a lot of things he didn't share with many people.  
She was a good listener, a good talker, a bunch of other things-but she was a 
little annoying too.
"Hey, do you know how to cook caracovi?" asked Sasami as she picked up a pickle 
that had fallen out of the jar.  
"No," Wufei replied, cleaning some spilled milk with a dish towel.
"You should use a paper towel for that, and I really like caracovi," Sasami went 
on.
"Why don't you teach me how to make it?" asked Wufei as they finished cleaning 
the spilled milk, pickle jar, and broken dish.  (Ryo-ohki had been on a rampage 
for carrots and didn't find any.)
"Alright!" agreed Sasami. Then they made the caracovi and went into the living 
room.
Back in the living room, the game of Spoons ended with Heero as the winner.  
Trowa walked in just as Duo said, leaning back against the couch:
"Man, Heero, you win everything." At that moment Quatre came tumbling in the 
house.
"'Scuse me-but Tenchi-where is the only place that Washu doesn't go?"
"Uhh, I'm not sure, hide upstairs in the meantime." Quatre sped up the stairs.
Just then the door burst open and Nobuyuki came in.
"Hi, I'm home, everyone!-Wow, who are all these people?" Nobuyuki blinked in 
surprise. 
 "Washu had an experimenting accident," said Tenchi.  "Don't worry dad, they'll 
be gone in at least three days, I can explain it all-"
"Don't worry about it," said Nobuyuki, turning for the stairs. "I'll be down in 
a little bit."
Sasami sighed. "I have to go harvest carrots for Ryo-ohki, I forgot to do them 
this morning," she said, looking at Ryo-ohki, who was peacefully sleeping in her 
lap.  She sighed again and left the living room.
Aeka looked around at everyone.  "Well, what are we to do now?"
"Eat lunch?" Wufei suggested. "Sasami and I made some lunch."
"What did you make?" asked Dorothy.
"Some weird thing called caracovi-"
"That's disgusting!" exclaimed Mihoshi.
"It's liver dipped in disgusting things, Wufei, in case you didn't know," Aeka 
informed Wufei.
Wufei grinned. "Well, I'd better not try it."
Trowa sighed. "Man I am pretty hungry, what, besides caracovi, do you have to 
eat around here?"
"Rice," muttered Ryoko.
Just then Nobuyuki came downstairs. 
"Well what do you people want to do today?" asked Nobuyuki.
Everyone glanced at each other.
"I know! Let's all go up and visit Grandpa's shrine," he said.
"No thanks," replied Tenchi, Ryoko, Aeka, and Kiyone.
"Now what are we supposed to do?" muttered Mihoshi, finally bored of something.
"Go about our own business," said Kiyone briskly, standing up. "I'll be 
outside."
"I guess I'll cook something." Wufei muttered.
"I'll help Sasami with the carrots," said Tenchi unenthusiastically.
"Ummm.I'll go to Grandpa's shrine and help there," said Mihoshi.
"Me too," said Quatre.
"I'll be around," said Heero and Ryoko at the same time.
"Ummm..I'll watch TV," muttered Duo sheepishly.
"I will also," said Aeka.
"I'll walk around," said Trowa.
"I'll go with Quatre," Dorothy put in.
"And I will be accomplishing world pacifism!"
"No you won't!"
"Fine, I'll be swimming."
"I'll read," muttered Nobuyuki.
"And I will be on the computer!" Washu finished, who had just walked through the 
door.  Quatre sped out the door, slowly followed by Dorothy.  Washu entered her 
lab. Relena went upstairs and came back down with a disgusting one piece red 
with white horizontal striped swimsuit and a towel, then went out the door.  
After a few minutes, Mihoshi and Kiyone stood up and went outside.  Duo flipped 
on the TV, Nobuyuki went upstairs to their big library, Tenchi went outside, and 
Ryoko floated up the stairs.  Heero stood up and glanced down at Trowa, who had 
not moved.  
"Can we talk?" he asked, and Trowa stood up and they went outside.
Heero remained silent as they walked along the shore of the lake, passing Kiyone 
by a large oak tree.  Kiyone was doing exercises: running in place, stretching, 
and punching a punching bag for starters.
They continued walking.  Finally, when they were out of earshot of anyone 
(unless Ryoko was listening somewhere) Heero stopped and turned to Trowa.
"Don't get too attached with that Kiyone," he said warningly.
Trowa blinked in surprise. "But.why?" He folded his arms across his chest and 
stared at Heero.
"Well, for one thing, you can't marry her or anything," Heero said. "She belongs 
in this dimension.  We belong in ours.  I don't want you to break your heart 
now.  Besides, you've already got a girlfriend back in the colonies."
Trowa sighed and looked at the lake water for a long time.  Finally he said, 
"Heero, it's just..I.I've never felt this way about anyone.  Not even with 
Catherine.  I mean, my emotions are just screaming at me, telling me that Kiyone 
is the one for me, my true love.She seems perfect for me, we have a lot in 
common-I love her more than I could ever love Catherine.  What am I supposed to 
do, Heero?"
Heero was struck a bit speechless. "Well.I'm not sure," he finished lamely.
Trowa managed a weak smile. "Never thought I'd see the day when you'd say that."
They remained silent for awhile afterwards.  After that, Trowa walked over to 
Kiyone and Heero sat down near where Relena was swimming in the lake.
Mihoshi was reading a book (a book with big print and lots of pictures and easy 
spelling) up in the branches of the Oak, above where Kiyone was working out to 
stay in shape.  Kiyone was in a leotard, running in place, stretching, lifting 
small weights she had brought with her, punching a punching bag hung up on a 
tree-she was doing more, too.  Trowa leaned against the tree, unnoticed by 
Kiyone, and watched her for a little while.
Finally he said: "Nice workout, huh?"
Kiyone stopped so abruptly at punching the punching bag that it came back and 
hit her in the face.  "Oh-hi, Trowa," she said, scratching her head and looking 
slightly embarrassed.  She was huffing with her non-stop workout.
"Here, you're doing that wrong," he said when she put up a block of wood and 
began to bat at it with a stick, as if sword fighting or trying to hit a target 
(like how Tenchi would train with his grandpa) .  He stood behind Kiyone, told 
her to hold out her arms, and corrected her grip.  Then, together, they both 
swung at the wood and it was knocked hard. "See? There's more power in that 
grip."
Trowa suddenly became aware of his position next to Kiyone and backed off a 
little bit, slightly red in the face.  "Well.now you know."
"Thanks, Trowa," said Kiyone, flashing him a smile.  Trowa grinned back in an 
embarrassed way.
Kiyone continued her workout/training with Trowa watching.  Every now and then 
he'd correct her on something, which Kiyone took willingly and gratefully.
After a few corrections, Kiyone asked: "How do you know all this stuff?"
"Oh, I just.pick things up.  Watch and listen; you might learn something." He 
sighed and gazed at the sky. Kiyone smiled slightly before continuing. 
Aeka and Duo were watching TV.
"Why are we watching a soap opera?" Duo complained. "I mean, a normal soap opera 
is alright, but a soap opera with a penguin?"
"Shhhh, this is my favorite part!" exclaimed Aeka.
Duo sighed and lay down on the couch in a defeated way.  Aeka was sitting on the 
other couch.
Aeka's show ended.  Duo began flipping through the channels for something 
interesting, but couldn't find anything to amuse him.
"Jeez, I hope everyone else is having as miserable a time as I am," he muttered 
before dozing off.  Aeka sighed and pulled out a book to read.
Mihoshi, Quatre, and Dorothy had all been assigned to sweep the stairs to 
grandpa's shrine. (Who cares about his other name? Grandpa is easier to spell.) 
It would take forever, even when divided between three people.
Mihoshi had just finished her section.  Quatre and Dorothy were already done.  
Mihoshi trudged back up the remaining stairs to where Quatre and Dorothy were 
sitting, sighing and puffing with relief and her small exercise.  
"Hey, I'm done, guys!" Mihoshi called.  Just as she was reaching the last step, 
she tripped on a rope.  It pulled open a gigantic bag of dirt and dust, spilling 
down the entire stairway.
The three people watched the dirt roll down, down, covering every single step 
with three layers of dirt.
"Oopsies," Mihoshi muttered.
Dorothy clenched her fists and exclaimed: "That took all three of us just three 
hours, Mihoshi! Now we have to do that again!"
"I'm sorry," she said in a meek tone.
"Lay off, Dorothy," Quatre said, standing up. "We'll just clean it again."
All three of them sighed and began to sweep over again.
Ryoko was looking through all of Aeka and Sasami's personal items.
"One valuable.not valuable.valuable.oooh, big bucks!.Not valuable.not valuable." 
Ryoko was taking various items out of boxes. "Whoo-hoo, I am gonna make a lotta 
money tonight!"
Just then, Sasami was heard on the stairs: "It's over here, hang on, I'll go get 
it!"
Ryoko panicked and flew into the wall just as Sasami opened the door.  She 
opened the box Ryoko had just been through, then frowned and said: "Funny, I 
could've sworn it was here a minute ago." She called back towards the stairs: "I 
can't find it! I'll ask everyone else later."  Sasami went out the door again 
and shut it.
Ryoko sighed with relief and flew through the roof with all her valuables, 
snickering.
Sasami rejoined Tenchi on the stairs. "You couldn't find it? Well, we won't need 
it now, we've harvested all the carrots anyway," Tenchi said when Sasami came 
back.  "I guess we'll just fix up the carrots, and I'll help you make dinner."
They both walked down the stairs, and when they came into the kitchen they found 
Wufei cleaning up the last drop of a spilled liquid.
"Oh, hi," he said when they entered.
"What happened?" asked Tenchi.
"Just a little spill of gravy," replied Wufei.  "I was cooking dinner, but.I 
messed it up." Wufei looked embarrassed.
"Here, we're going to cook dinner with you," said Sasami. "What do you wanna 
cook?"
As those three began to cook dinner, Duo walked in, and then Aeka.  They asked 
them what was for dinner, and then they sat at the table and waited, since it 
wouldn't be much longer.  Then Trowa and Kiyone walked in, and stopped their 
talking and sat down at the table, getting the message that dinner would be 
ready soon.
After a few minutes of talking, Ryoko appeared above the table and sneered down 
at everyone, thinking: You're a big sucker, princess, 'cause I've got something 
special of yours! She smiled evilly. (Hey, I like Ryoko, which's just the way 
she is though.)
Nobuyuki arrived with Yoshou (or Grandpa), and then Quatre, Dorothy, and Mihoshi 
walked in and sat down at the table.  Not much room was left.  Just as Tenchi, 
Sasami, and Wufei were placing the food on the table, Relena and Heero arrived, 
and then everyone sat down to eat.  There were lots of things; rice, caracovi 
(which wasn't touched) and other food that they eat in Japan. (Never been there, 
wouldn't know.)
Everyone talked and drank and everything, then Washu burst in, announcing that 
she would be able to transport everyone back in two days.  Everyone glanced 
around at each other, and then everyone began to eat.  Washu sat down, and then 
A and B came in with coffee cups bigger than themselves.  
After dinner, everyone sat down to watch TV while Trowa, Kiyone, Quatre, and 
Dorothy went out to watch the sunset.  Standing at the waters' edge of the lake 
and looking western, at the mountains, they watched in silence.  Then Trowa 
threw one arm over Kiyone's shoulder when Quatre and Dorothy walked back inside 
together.
"You know, I really like it here a lot," said Trowa, smiling and gazing at the 
last rays of the dying sun.  "It's peaceful, beautiful.I just love it here."  He 
gazed around more as Kiyone looked up at him hopefully.
Sadness crept into Trowa's green eyes as his smile disappeared.  "But it just 
doesn't work this way.We can't." He sighed and gazed up at the sky.
Kiyone sadly gazed at the sun too.  When the sun almost disappeared from view 
and the stars came out in the east, Kiyone leaned against him and said, "But.you 
seem to fit in here..You belong here." 
Trowa sighed as the sadness in his eyes grew more.  "I wish that were so."  He 
looked Kiyone in the eye.  "I really do wish so."
Kiyone's eyes welled up, and Trowa pulled Kiyone close.  They kissed, holding 
each other for a long moment as the sun's rays swept over them before 
disappearing, and then the sadly walked back inside the house, together.
Inside, everyone was opening bottles of beer and potato chip bags and putting on 
music to have a great party.  Kiyone, Trowa, Mihoshi, and Heero didn't 
participate in the dancing or drinking (well, Heero drank quite a lot and fell 
asleep, that's why he didn't dance, and Trowa was ordered to put Mihoshi to bed) 
but sat around and talked with each other.  
Trowa helped Mihoshi up the stairs to the top bunk bed in Kiyone and Mihoshi's 
room, and when Mihoshi couldn't fall asleep (since she was having a test 
tomorrow on an important thing in her life) he read to her what she was supposed 
to study.  Lord knows she does, unfortunately have a bad memory. 
Just as she finally fell asleep, Kiyone quietly came in the room.  Trowa did not 
notice her until she locked the door.
"Is she asleep?" she asked.
"Yeah, sleepin' like a baby," said Trowa.  "What're you doing up here?"
"Well.I wanted to find some sanity.  Aeka and Ryoko are both deadly drunk and 
dancing in a sick way,  Duo is trying to do something with Relena, Tenchi's 
dancing with Wufei, Washu's doing something with Quatre.well there's a big load 
of other weird things."
Trowa gave a stifled laugh.  "Yeah that's the way it goes when two worlds 
collide, right?" He smiled, his eyes lingering on Kiyone.  She was wearing a 
tube top with five thick strings in the back tied together holding it up, and a 
short white skirt with the zipper in the back.
She smiled up at him.  "I guess everyone wants to get to know each other before 
we're all separated for life." Her eyes locked with Trowa's in a meaningful way.
They were silent for a moment; then Kiyone moved closer to Trowa.
"Trowa.I-I don't want you to go." A tear slipped down her cheek.
Trowa pulled Kiyone right up to him and whispered: "Don't worry, let's enjoy 
this while we're still here." He smiled down at Kiyone lovingly.  Kiyone smiled 
sadly back up, and then put her arms around his neck.  Trowa, his arms around 
Kiyone, pulled her up and kissed her.  Trowa's hands inched down Kiyone's back, 
untying the knots that held up her shirt.  When he untied the last knot, her 
shirt fell to the floor, and then his hands moved down and unzipped the zipper 
on her skirt in the back.  Pretty soon that fell down too. 
Kiyone broke away from Trowa and ripped off his shirt.  Then she zipped down his 
shorts and pulled them off, so both were standing in their underwear.  Trowa 
pulled Kiyone close to him and began to kiss her again; they kissed and kissed 
and fell down onto the bed.  Then Trowa reached out, turned off the light, and 
got under the covers with Kiyone.  (Sorry I'm not adding lemon because I want 
this in the normal crossover section.)
Mihoshi woke in the dark night to sounds: heavy breathing, moans and small 
giggles.  She paid no heed, rolled over, and fell asleep.
The next morning shone brightly in the windows of the Masaki house.  The 
sunlight woke Mihoshi as it shone in her face, and she sat up, yawning.  She had 
had such a nice dream, but she really couldn't remember it.  Mihoshi was leaning 
towards the ladder to climb don from the top bunk when she noticed that Trowa 
was not in her sleeping bag.  Glancing around the room, she saw that clothes 
were strewn everywhere, including Trowa's boxers, and Kiyone's panties and bra.
Mihoshi gasped as she leaned over a bit more and saw Kiyone snuggled up with 
Trowa in Kiyone's bed-neither wearing a thing.  They were both asleep, one of 
Trowa's arms around Kiyone, both smiling in their slumber.
As quietly as she could, Mihoshi climbed down the ladder, but she stumbled and 
thudded on the floor, awakening Trowa and Kiyone.
They yawned, looked at each other and smiled, and then their eyes widened as 
Mihoshi just stared at them.
"Mihoshi, you don't need to stare at us." began Kiyone.
"Or mention this to Heero," added Trowa.  "Man, he'd kill me."
Kiyone stared pointedly at Mihoshi.  She blinked, then said: "Oh!" and grabbed 
her stuff and went in their bathroom.  She quietly opened the door, peered 
around, then closed it behind her.
Trowa and Kiyone got out of bed, dressed, and then kissed each other before 
Trowa went out of the room downstairs (having brushed his hair) and Kiyone sat 
down and brushed her hair.  She could either wait for Mihoshi to get out of the 
shower or not take one at all.
Just then Ryoko teleported into her room, floating right above her.
"Oooooooooh, I heard all about it," said Ryoko, giggling. "You did it with Trowa 
last night?"
Kiyone glared up at her.  "Don't mention this little incident until our visitors 
go away."
"Heh heh, but the moment they leave."
"Ryoko, were you watching us the entire time?"
Ryoko gave a look of mock shock. "Of course not!"
Kiyone eyed her and said: "Just don't talk about it.  And Washu had better not 
know about this."
Kiyone finished brushing her hair and put on her trademark headband, then, as 
Ryoko disappeared somewhere, she walked down the stairs and went into the 
kitchen.  Trowa, A and B, Duo, Tenchi, Heero, Wufei and Sasami were all there. 
Sasami was, of course, making breakfast.
Kiyone sat down next to Trowa, glancing at A and B (who were each holding coffee 
cups bigger than themselves and chatting away to each other) and taking a coffee 
cup from Sasami, who had offered one to her.  She mumbled thanks and gratefully 
sipped at it.
"Tomorrow we go back home," announced Heero.
Duo sighed and sipped at his coffee, and Tenchi looked down at his plate of 
food.  
"I've got to go to work today," announced Kiyone.  "Mihoshi and I have a new 
side job-we're actresses for a TV show." Kiyone glanced around, then said: "Say, 
where is she? Oh-Mihoshi!" she called up the stairs, "you'd better get a move 
on!  I don't want to be late!"
Mihoshi came tumbling down a few minutes later, fully dressed, and then Kiyone 
stood up.
"We need someone to come with us in the car ride, there's this really great 
shortcut you can take along a road but you need three or more people."
Trowa swallowed his food and said: "I'll go." Heero pierced him with a stare.
"Alright," said Kiyone warmly, and the three went out to a car that Kiyone 
managed to rent.
Everyone else was silent at the table, until A announced: "Washu's almost done 
with her job! Yes, Washu is the greatest!"
"The greatest in the universe!" B took a swig of coffee.
Everyone groaned when they repeated the phrase twice.
"Washu," Duo called, "something's wrong with these two."
Washu walked in, busy with something in her hands, and glanced at A and B, who 
were now repeating: "Dental floss is good" over and over.
"Hmmm, I might have to take them in for fixing." She picked them up and examined 
them. "They'd be fixed by tomorrow and walking about the place. Oh, and my 
cappuccino machine broke, I need some more." Sasami handed her a mug of 
cappuccino.
"Maybe it'd be better if they just stayed there," muttered Tenchi.
"Ah hah! They've had hot coffee poured over them.  Hmmm." Then she glanced at 
the large coffee cups they were holding.  "Maybe they tried to drown 
themselves.Hey, did one of you try to kill these two?" Washu held A and B up, 
glaring around a everyone (particularly at Duo) and said: "A and B are two 
robots, and they can't be killed.  However, they have feelings, you know, even 
if they have a programming problem."  Washu walked back into her lab, muttering 
something about murderers and decent cappuccino. 
Sasami looked hurt and sat down to eat her own breakfast.
After awhile, Heero, Duo, and Wufei washed their dishes and left the room.  
Pretty soon Dorothy, Relena, Ryoko, and Aeka came downstairs and sat down to 
eat.
The morning passed with lots of chatter. When everyone was finished with 
breakfast, they went about their way.
Trowa, Kiyone, and Mihoshi were happily driving on a freeway towards the TV 
station.
 Kiyone smiled to herself and thought, Everyone bought that thing about the 
special road where we need three people.  Unfortunately, Mihoshi's along for 
this love fest. Kiyone, who was driving, cast a sideways glance at Trowa.  He 
was looking out the window at the buildings flying by as they drove through a 
city.
Mihoshi was on the verge of falling asleep.  "I didn't sleep enough," she 
murmured.
"Jeez, and I thought that I didn't sleep enough," muttered Trowa.  "She's 
practically snoring!"
Kiyone smiled and glanced back at Mihoshi.  She was just falling asleep and 
began to snore.  Then she sighed sadly and looked at the road again.
Trowa looked over at her and said: "So, what do you do, exactly, in this job of 
yours?"
"Well, Mihoshi and I are the stars," she replied, smiling at him.  "We're police 
officers and we fight crime and junk, except it's a little kids' show."
"Your two jobs are almost the same," said Trowa, smiling back.
"Our show's going to end soon, though," Kiyone went on.  "We're nearing the end 
of the series.  It was fun, a bit."
They both fell silent.  After a few minutes, Kiyone said: "Washu said that  
you're supposed to be returning to.your homes tomorrow. Now.What's it like over 
there again?"
Trowa smiled and began explaining about his world and what was happening over 
there again.
When he had finished, Kiyone told him of her job in outer space again.
Just as Kiyone was finishing, they pulled up to the studio where they were 
filming the TV show.  Trowa reached back and shook Mihoshi awake, and all three 
of them went inside.
When they got inside, the director shouted at them a bit, then asked what on 
Earth Trowa was doing there, and what his name was, and why he had such a 
hairdo.
Trowa narrowed his eyes, and the director cooled down a bit.  Then they began 
putting their show on the air immediately.  Trowa watched Kiyone.
Then the director came to a part where Kiyone was supposed to meet a man she 
would fall in love with, but then a sense of panic swept through.  The actor was 
sick and they had no backup guys.  Kiyone and Mihoshi in the meantime were 
acting on another part.
The director's eyes fell on Trowa, sitting there with his eyes intently on 
Kiyone's acting.
"You! Laddie!" the fat director called over to Trowa in a heavy accent.  Trowa 
looked up in surprise.
"Who? Me?" Trowa was bewildered and stood up.
"Yes, you! Who else would I be talkin' to? Tell me your name!"
"My name's Trowa," he said apprehensively.
"Hmmm, and you know Kiyone well?"
"Sorta," he said uncomfortably.
"Well then, would you mind playing a part in this?"
"Wh-what? What part?"
"Well, today's the last day for the series featuring Kiyone and Mihoshi.  
Mihoshi is supposed to have her mind fixed and Kiyone is supposed to fall in 
love.  The problem is, our actor for Kiyone's soul mate is sick today and we 
have no backup men.  We need you for the job."
"Me?" Trowa gulped and went a bit red.  Well, he'd be on TV with Kiyone.
"Yes, you.  We need, you boy!"  Trowa agreed to be the actor.
When they went into a commercial break, the director told Kiyone and Mihoshi 
about Trowa's part.  Mihoshi exclaimed: "Oh goody!" Kiyone's eyes sparkled 
happily.  Trowa blushed again.
The director went over all their lines with Trowa and the two girls.
Back at the Masaki household, Aeka, Duo, Wufei, Sasami, Ryoko, and Tenchi were 
sitting down in front of the TV. They were watching Mihoshi and Kiyone's show.
"Why are we watching a little kids' show?" complained Duo.
"You watch them anyway, Duo, its nothing to cry about," snapped Wufei.
"Because this is Kiyone and Mihoshi's show and we like to watch them perform," 
answered Tenchi.
Duo grumbled something and they sat through the rest of the commercials.  Then 
Sasami said: "its back."
On the TV Mihoshi and Kiyone were securing a bank that was being robbed.  The 
robbers had a hostage.Trowa!
All of the people at the Masaki household watching gasped.
Mihoshi took care of the bad guys, basically, and Kiyone freed Trowa.
"Thanks," Trowa said when she untied him.  "Thank you for saving me from them.  
I thought I was a goner."
"Sounds corny!" Duo said loudly.
"It's a little kids' TV show, shut up," said Aeka, glaring at him.
Then, on the show, the robbers came back just as Kiyone and Trowa introduced 
each other, Kiyone being, 'Kristen', Mihoshi 'May', and Trowa as 'Taylor'.  The 
robbers snatched the guns out of Kiyone and Mihoshi's hands because they had 
dropped their guard, and Trowa had disappeared.
The three robbers were aiming their guns at Kiyone and Mihoshi.  "Listen up, you 
two," said the leader. "You can't stop us now, we're robbing this place and 
giving it to our master.  He's going to use the gold to take over this world!"
The leader started laughing. So did Duo.
"Wow, what a stupid show!" he exclaimed.
The robbers were still laughing, apparently, when Trowa came up behind them and 
knocked out one of the robbers, grabbing his gun and aiming it at the two 
robbers left.
"Get out of here," said Trowa, looking menacing. "And don't come back!"
The lead robber sneered.
"Like you're going to fire at us," he said.
Trowa shot him in the knee.
"I said GO!" he yelled.  They both ran off, dropping their guns, the leader 
limping.
Kiyone and Mihoshi smiled and said: "Thanks for helping us out, Taylor."
Trowa (purposely) blushed and looked at the gun. "Uh, here." he said, handing it 
to Kiyone.
Basically, in the rest of it, Trowa and Kiyone grew to like each other more and 
more.
Later, near the end of the show, Kiyone visited with Trowa.  Kiyone had bad 
news.
"Taylor!" she cried, tears pouring down her face. "Taylor, May's been killed!"
(Everyone watching gasped, but almost all of them were gasping for the sake of 
Sasami, who was thoroughly enjoying the show.)
Kiyone dove into Trowa's arms and started sobbing.  Trowa put his arms around 
her and comforted her, stroking her teal hair softly.
"Awww, look, they love each other!" Duo burst out laughing, along with Ryoko.
Aeka, Tenchi, Wufei, and Sasami suddenly had serious faces.
"Hmmm," said Wufei, "I wonder why Trowa's got that part?"
On the TV, Kiyone looked up into Trowa's eyes.
"Everything's going to be alright," he said soothingly.
Tears still pouring down her face, she smiled slightly.
"Thanks for being there, Taylor," she whispered.  They leaned toward each other 
and kissed.
After that part, a narrator began talking while scenes flicked past.  He 
explained that Taylor and Kristen went to May's funeral, and not long after they 
were married.  Kristen continued to fight crime with Taylor at her side.
When it ended, Duo looked stunned.
"They got them to kiss?" he asked.
Ryoko burst out giggling.  Everyone looked at her.
"What's so funny?" asked Tenchi, annoyed.
"Well, its just-"  Ryoko stopped in her sentence.  She wasn't going to burst the 
bubble about the Trowa + Kiyone thing, and what happened last night.  She didn't 
want to (for a change) because she just KNEW that something bad would happen.  
Instead, going red with contained amusement, she said: "Oh, its nothing."
The others frowned.  Back at the studio, Mihoshi, Trowa, and Kiyone were 
leaving.
"Well, that was fun," said Kiyone, smiling.
Trowa smiled back at her.
Mihoshi, in the back seat, whined: "How come I had to die?"
"We dunno, Mihoshi," said Trowa.
Pretty soon they got home.  When they arrived, everyone who had watched the show 
came running over.
"Awww, that was some nice acting, Trowa!" exclaimed Duo.  Trowa blushed.
"Don't mention this to Heero." he muttered so only Duo could hear.
"Why?"  The others were talking with Mihoshi and Kiyone.
"He seems pissed with me because I.well, he doesn't.really like Kiyone," he 
finished lamely.
"Oh."  Duo shrugged.  "He doesn't really like anyone. Well, dinner's almost 
ready, Sasami cooked it during the commercials."  Everyone went into the 
kitchen.
Everyone ate dinner with lots of talk.  Quatre was talking with Mihoshi (much to 
Washu and Dorothy's anger) and Kiyone and Trowa were talking.  Ryoko was arguing 
with Aeka, and Tenchi was talking with Duo and Heero.  Sasami and Wufei were 
arguing over some cooking thing.  (Yeah, it's strange that Wufei likes to cook 
so much.) Relena ate quietly.  Nobuyuki and Grandpa were not there.
After dinner, everyone sat around the TV except for Relena, Aeka, Sasami, Trowa, 
and Kiyone, because Aeka, Relena, and Sasami wanted to get some nice sleep and 
Trowa and Kiyone wanted to talk privately.
The three girls went into the room they shared (besides Kiyone) and Trowa and 
Kiyone went into their room.
They closed the door behind them, and Kiyone lay down on her bed.
"Trowa," she said, "I don't want you to go.  I know I've said this and all.but."
Trowa sighed and sat down next to her.
"Yeah, doesn't life suck?" he groaned.
"Totally."
Kiyone looked sadly up at him.  He stared at the ground.
Kiyone liked how green Trowa's eyes were.  They calmed her down inside and they 
looked peaceful.
Kiyone sat up and snuggled up next to him.  "I hate the way this cruel world 
works," she said.  "We were brought together by mistake and grew to love each 
other.  Now we've got to be torn apart."
Trowa said nothing.  He was thinking how awful it would be tomorrow.
Kiyone gave a sudden lurch.  "I don't feel good," she said.  She abruptly stood 
up and raced to the bathroom connected to her room.  Trowa heard her violently 
being sick.
"Kiyone, are you all right?" he asked, standing up and looking inside the 
bathroom.  She was leaning over the toilet and had recently thrown up.
"I don't know what's wrong," she said, her knees shaking.  She grabbed at the 
edge of the sink to steady her and threw up again.
"Anything I can do to help?" he asked.
"No.it's just a little puke," she said, standing up, shaking slightly, and she 
washed her face and rinsed out her mouth.  "I think I'll be fine.But I don't 
feel really well.  I haven't seen the doctor in around a year-maybe I should go 
now?"
"If you want to," he said, "we could go now."
"Alright," she said.  "I just remembered that I made an appointment for tomorrow 
around two weeks ago; we have to go tomorrow instead."
Trowa smiled. "I guess that's better," he said.
Kiyone smiled back.  "Maybe we should ask Washu what time you're going to be 
sent back home."
"She already told me; she said sometime in the evening.  I think she wants us to 
just stick around for a bit longer than we have to."
Kiyone smiled up at him and they went back into their room.  Kiyone sat down on 
the bed and sighed.
"I wonder what's wrong with me," she said.
Trowa suddenly felt worried.  "Ummm.does your stomach feel okay?"
"No, it's part of the main problem," Kiyone said. "I don't think it-" Suddenly 
her eyes grew wide. "Oh!"
"Uh." Trowa went red.
Kiyone looked up at him fearfully.  "Do you think I'm really.pregnant?"
Trowa gulped and said: "We don't know for sure, but we'll.find out tomorrow, 
right?"
Kiyone looked scared.  "Let's not tell anyone until your group goes away.Then 
I'll have to tell everyone."
"I won't mention it at all," said Trowa. "Heero's.very."
"Heero's an idiot," said Kiyone, annoyed.
"He doesn't seem to like us being together," he went on.  "He's not giving me a 
reason why."
Ryoko, just outside their door, sniggered.  She had half a mind to burst the 
secret over everyone.  She began to tiptoe away, when Sasami peeked out the door 
of her room and exclaimed: "Ryoko, why are you standing next to Kiyone and 
Trowa's door?  Do you want to go inside or something?"
Kiyone and Trowa's eyes widened.  Trowa flung open the door, grabbed Ryoko's 
shirtfront, and dragged her in the room.  Then he slammed the door behind him.
Kiyone and Trowa glared at Ryoko, who looked sheepish and also mischievous.
"You heard everything, didn't you?" snapped Kiyone.
Ryoko was about to say that she didn't know what they were talking about, but 
something made her mumble: "Yeah. And?"
"Heero's going to practically kill me, I can't.I just can't let him know, 
or.someone back at home."
"And who's this someone back at home?"
"Someone," Trowa sneered.
Ryoko was thinking, Ooh, he'd better watch out, because I might just let slip to 
Kiyone that he's got a girlfriend back home. 
"Don't worry, your secret's safe with me," Ryoko said aloud.
Trowa and Kiyone looked faintly relived.  Ryoko disappeared somewhere, and Trowa 
and Kiyone walked downstairs together.
They peeked into the living room. It seemed like everyone was about to throw a 
party; Heero was bringing in cans of beer, Tenchi was plugging in a large radio, 
and everyone else was talking loudly and reaching for beer.  Sasami had made a 
cake, for some strange reason, and if Sasami were here she'd faint at the sight 
of her cake: They were practically destroying it, because everyone had a sweet 
tooth at the moment.
Trowa and Kiyone glanced at each other, and as they did so Relena and Aeka came 
downstairs, talking, and Trowa and Kiyone heard them say that Sasami was asleep.
"Do you want to join the party?" he asked.
"I dunno," she said, "they might get a bit rowdy.And.Well, let's join, but don't 
let me drink any alcohol."
"Don't worry," said Trowa, a little resentfully.
They sat down on the couch just as Washu turned on the music.  Heero was pouring 
wine and beer, and immediately Duo and Wufei started having a drinking contest.  
Everyone else, not including Kiyone (who still felt a little nauseated), started 
dancing.
Heero handed out drinks to everyone, not including Wufei and Duo, who already 
had theirs in their hands.  Ryoko and Aeka were cheering them on.
Everyone began to drink quite a lot of beer, and Washu started dancing with 
Heero, and Relena started dancing with Tenchi. Dorothy had already fallen asleep 
with her first small glass of wine,  which was quite unlike her, Quatre told 
Mihoshi as he started freak dancing* with her. ( * = see author's notes at the 
bottom. You might want to see what it is before you read any more.)  Everyone 
had a glass of either wine or beer, except Kiyone and Trowa.  Kiyone didn't want 
to puke everywhere, and Trowa was making sure that she wouldn't drink anything 
(so he himself didn't get anything).
Ryoko and Aeka (now thoroughly drunk) held pieces of cake in their bare hands.  
The lights were off and instead was flashy lights that Nobuyuki had placed quite 
some time ago in the living room.
Ryoko was sprawled on Wufei's shoulder, mashing the cake in her hands on his 
arm, and Aeka had flung her arms around Duo's neck, accidentally squashing cake 
on his shoulder.  Wufei and Duo were still drinking like it was the end of the 
world, and looked pleased at the girls they had "captured."  All four of them 
were struck dumb and drunk.
Tenchi was dancing with Relena in a sickening way.  Both were apparently having 
fun, but the strange thing was was that none of the girls in the Masaki 
household seemed to care, along with Heero.  He was having fun with Washu, who, 
moments later took him into her lab.  They didn't come out for the rest of the 
night.
Quatre, along with everyone else in the house, wouldn't have realized that 
Mihoshi was actually an excellent dancer and maker-outer if it weren't for 
alcohol.  They were freak dancing, except they were actually.let's just say, 
touching each other as they did so.  Mihoshi seemed to be a completely different 
person when drunk.  They freak danced for a long time more until Mihoshi broke 
down and pinned Quatre to the floor and started making out with him.
Trowa and Kiyone were freak dancing too, except it wasn't from the power of 
alcohol.
Duo and Aeka were giggling and dancing together in sickening ways, and finally 
they went upstairs to who-knows-where, but they were both dreadfully drunk and 
giggling and we know what that means.
Wufei and Ryoko were doing the same, freak dancing as sickly as possible before 
shutting themselves in a closet.
Trowa and Kiyone stopped dancing, glancing around.  Six people were gone, so 
that left only Mihoshi, Quatre, Dorothy, Relena, Tenchi, and themselves.   
Kiyone blinked down at Mihoshi, having never seen her acting this way before.
Trowa looked at Relena and Tenchi, then quickly turned away.
"Why don't we go upstairs," he offered, and they walked up the stairs and into 
their room.  Kiyone shut the door behind her.
Trowa lay down on his sleeping bag, and Kiyone went to lie down on hers.  After 
awhile, Kiyone blurted out: "Usually I'm not very careful, you know, about 
drinking and stuff, but." She trailed off.
"Yeah, I know," said Trowa.
They were silent for a little bit, listening to the music they could still here 
and moans coming from across the hall.  Then Trowa stood up and sat down next to 
Kiyone on her bed.
"Well." he said.
Kiyone looked at him, and he looked at her.  Kiyone felt sad-she never felt this 
way about anyone before, no one.   She didn't want to lose him-especially not to 
some other girl!
Kiyone leaned against his chest. "Trowa." she stammered.
Trowa put his arms around her and brought her lips up to his.  They held each 
other for a long moment, and then Trowa released, and said: "Don't worry, 
Kiyone.  No matter what happens, I will always remember you.  Always."
Kiyone looked up into his eyes, sighed sadly, and lay down on her bed.  Trowa 
listened to her breathing as she fell asleep, then brushed a strand of hair away 
from her smooth face.  He gazed at her sleeping face for awhile fondly, then 
climbed under the covers next to Kiyone.
The next morning's sunshine shone in everyone's faces; Tenchi blinked and found 
Relena sleeping in his lap.  When he glanced around he saw that he was in the 
living room still, and beer cans were everywhere, he let out a gasp.  Relena 
awoke, blinking and yawning as she straightened up, then she gasped when she 
looked up at Tenchi.  They looked around, seeing Quatre asleep on top of Mihoshi 
on the floor, (neither wearing clothes) and saw Dorothy asleep on the floor next 
to the couch.  She must have fallen off the couch in her sleep.
Aeka woke to find that she had no clothes on and Duo was asleep, drooling, right 
next to her.  She shrieked and jumped out of bed, getting dressed extremely 
quickly.
"Don't know what I was thinking..must've been drunk." she was muttering.
Duo hadn't woken up yet when Aeka left the room.
"I'll just not mention this," she said to herself as she headed downstairs, 
passing a sleeping Sasami on her way.
Wufei woke to see Ryoko asleep in his arms with a devilish grin on her face.  He 
gasped and shoved her away, pulling on his pants as he stumbled out of.a closet?
He blinked, seeing Tenchi, Relena, Mihoshi, and Quatre, and said: "Well.some 
party last night, huh?"  Then he inched away into the kitchen.
Tenchi and Relena didn't speak to each other as Tenchi woke Mihoshi and Quatre.
Mihoshi blinked, then exclaimed: "Ohmigosh I can't believe what I'm doing!" She 
grabbed her discarded clothes and hurriedly jammed them on.  Quatre looked 
stunned.
"Some party last night," he grumbled as he pulled up his pants.
Mihoshi blushed as he looked at her.
"I think that we should wake everyone else up," said Tenchi awkwardly.
Heero's eyes snapped open.  He was strapped to a wall and his feet were about 
three feet above the ground.  He squirmed, but the metal ropes held him up where 
he is.  
He blinked.  It felt drafty.  He glanced down and saw that all he was wearing 
was a towel around his waist.
"Hey!" he cried. "Get me down from here!"  He saw Washu's lab before him, and he 
saw Washu entering something in her computer.
"Washu!" he cried, "get me down!" 
"Call me Little Washu," Washu said smartly, "and maybe I'll help you."
"Alright, Little Washu, what am I doing up here?" Heero grumbled in a defeated 
voice.  Washu came and stood under him, looking up with interest.
"Heyyy!" he cried.
"Awww, you did this before with me, don't you remember?" cooed Washu.
"Hell no!"
"Last night?"
Heero screamed extremely loud.
Washu clicked her tongue and said: "Well I've done some little experiment.  I've 
taken something out of you-" she looked up again nastily as Heero went red-"and 
I took something out of me.  I mixed the two and inserted it into Dorothy."
"Whaaaaaat?" Heero cried.  "Get me down and let me go!"
Washu chuckled, still looking up under Heero's towel.
"I said lemme dowwwwwn!" he cried.
Washu sighed, stepped out from under him, and snapped her fingers.  Heero fell 
down in a disgruntled heap.
"Where're my clothes?" he asked groggily as he got to his feet.
"The bedroom," said Washu, smirking, and pointing into a room.  Heero screamed 
again and ran to get them; shoving them on and hurrying out the door.
"Washu," he said threateningly, "don't mention this to anyone."
Washu just chuckled and turned to her computer.
Heero slammed the door behind him just as Aeka came walking down the stairs.  
Tenchi glanced over at Heero coming out of Washu's place and couldn't help 
laughing hard.
"What's so funny?" he growled threateningly.
"Nothing, nothing at all," said Tenchi, wiping tears of mirth from his eyes.
"Breakfast is ready," called Wufei from the kitchen.  "Someone wake up Sasami!"
Relena went upstairs to wake her just as Ryoko phased next to Wufei.
"Awwww, wasn't the closet comfy?" she cooed.
Wufei looked very alarmed.
She snuggled up to him.  He stiffened.
She reached out to kiss him but he pushed her away, saying: "Got a taste for 
Japanese people, do you?"
Ryoko frowned. "Yeah, they make good love."
Tenchi snorted on his breakfast and started choking.  Aeka saved him by 
performing that old routine of the grab-the-person's-waist thing. 
Tenchi, catching his breath, turned to Aeka.
"Thank you, Aeka," he said.
Aeka turned momentarily red. "My pleasure, Tenchi," she said, smiling.
"Yeah, it would be, wouldn't it?" drawled Ryoko, backing away from Wufei. 
"Practically humping him, you know, that little routine-"
"Ryoko, if you weren't a guest in this house, I'd-"
"What, you're not a guest suddenly?"
"Girls, can we please shut up?" snarled Mihoshi.
Everyone turned to stare at her, including Dorothy, who had come in when Wufei 
called.
"Well, well, if Mihoshi isn't finally growing up," said Ryoko, folding her arms 
and smirking.
"You bet I am," she snarled again, and then suddenly said, in her normal voice: 
"Oh, gosh I feel really weird, like..oh I don't know.Bad tempers just aren't 
me."
"Yeah, we know," said Tenchi, looking at his food warily.
Just then Trowa and Kiyone came into the kitchen, ate a quick breakfast, and 
then Kiyone said: "Mihoshi, we have an appointment at the doctor's right now.  
We have to go.  Trowa needs to come for the carpool."
Mihoshi, blinking confusedly, said: "Okay."
"Come on," said Kiyone nervously.  Washu and Tenchi looked curiously at her.
All three of them went outside to the car, and they left.
 "By the way, Mihoshi, the doctor's trip isn't for you," Kiyone snapped. "Wait, 
you have an appointment today also, so.it's for both of us."
"Why do you gotta go?" asked Mihoshi.
"We have an appointment," said Kiyone shortly.  "It's lucky, too."
"Why's it lucky?"
"Don't worry about that," said Kiyone.  She exchanged a nervous glance with 
Trowa.
"Is there something going on?" asked Mihoshi.
"Maybe," was all Kiyone said.
"Whaddya mean by maybe?"
"We don't know for sure," Trowa said.
After a bit, they reached the doctor's office.  All three of them went inside 
and told the receptionist that they had an appointment just then.  The lady 
behind the counter told them to wait for the doctor, and he came a few minutes 
later.
"Well, hello, Miss.Kuramitsu," said the doctor, smiling warmly at Mihoshi as he 
looked down at his paper.  "And you must be Miss Haiku?"
"Close enough," muttered Kiyone.  "We have an appointment.  She's first." Kiyone 
pointed at Mihoshi.
"Well, step this way, Miss," he said warmly, and he took her into the next room.  
Trowa and Kiyone were left in the waiting room, and they sat down next to each 
other and waited in silence.  Kiyone gripped Trowa's hand.
"Trowa-"
"Don't worry.  Even if you are-"
"Miss.Hakubu?"
Kiyone rolled her eyes and stood up as the doctor came back in with Mihoshi.
"Well, Miss Kuramitsu is in excellent condition here," said the doctor, smiling 
still.  "She had her quick checkup, so this way please, Miss." The doctor 
gestured for Kiyone to follow him.
Trowa and Mihoshi waited in the waiting room for a long time.  Trowa read 
magazines (frowning because he thought that it was so weird that there was 
nothing about outer space in it) and Mihoshi played with the little kids' toys 
that were left for children to play with while they waited for their parents.
Finally, Kiyone came back in.  She looked slightly pale, and the doctor said: 
"Have a good day, Miss," and began to help another patient.
They went back to the car.  Just as Mihoshi was getting in, Trowa leaned over 
and said to Kiyone in a low voice: "Well?"
"It's a yes," said Kiyone, swallowing hard. "I-I'm not prepared-"
"Don't worry," said Trowa comfortingly, squeezing her hand.  "You'll get 
prepared, and when the time comes, you'll be ready."  He smiled at her, his 
green eyes locked with hers.
Kiyone sniffled. "But you won't be here," she said, a tear glistening in her 
eye.
Trowa held his sad smile, kissed her, and then they got into the car.
Mihoshi said, "Awwww, Kiyone's gonna miss Trowa!"
"Well duh," Kiyone snarled.
"What was that little talk about?" asked Mihoshi.
"Doesn't concern you," Kiyone hissed as she started up the car.
"Are you sure?"
"It will later."
Mihoshi blinked, then said: "Okay!"
Meanwhile, back home, Washu was working frantically at the computer while 
everyone else was going about their separate ways.  Aeka and Duo were watching 
TV.  Wufei was helping Sasami prepare a nice big lunch.  Heero was swimming with 
Relena and Dorothy, Quatre was up at Grandpa's shrine, and Tenchi was harvesting 
carrots with Ryo-ohki.  Ryoko decided to play video games upstairs on Sasami's 
TV.
When Trowa, Kiyone, and Mihoshi got home, lunch was ready and everyone ate 
happily until Tenchi said: "So, how was he doctor's?"
Mihoshi said: "I don't like him!  He hit my knee with a mallet and he shoved 
something in my ear and pressed something on my tongue and-"
"And how about you, Kiyone?" asked Ryoko as she pulled Wufei and Tenchi to her 
chest.  They squirmed and freed themselves.  Aeka looked like she was going to 
burst a blood vessel (of course.).
"Ummm." Kiyone began.  She looked around at everyone staring at her. "Good," she 
said uncertainly.
Only Tenchi and Quatre seemed to notice that she felt uneasy.
"What happened?" asked Quatre, sitting next to Mihoshi.  (Dorothy and Washu were 
glaring at her murderously.)
"Nothing really," she answered.  "He just.did the same as Mihoshi." She was only 
partially lying.
Tenchi and Quatre frowned, but everyone else continued eating.  Gradually, 
everyone began to talk again, and then everyone scrambled out of the room so 
only Wufei and Sasami were left to clean the dishes.  They sighed and washed 
them.
Now, instead of everyone doing nothing, everyone was doing chores.  Duo and Aeka 
were doing laundry with Quatre and Mihoshi, Washu was doing her work on the 
computer, Tenchi, Kiyone, and Trowa were harvesting more carrots (which seemed 
to disappear moments after they pulled them out, as Ryo-Ohki was their 
assistant), Dorothy, Relena, and Heero had to help Grandpa at the shrine, and 
Wufei and Sasami were cleaning the kitchen and cooking a big dinner for the 
going-away feast.
Kiyone and Trowa were helping Tenchi happily until Kiyone suddenly sat down and 
heaved a big sigh.
"I'm just so tired all of a sudden," she said.
Trowa dropped to one knee next to her worriedly.  Tenchi looked confused.
"You do?" he said. "Well, what can we do?"
"Ahh, don't worry about me," grumbled Kiyone.  Ryo-Ohki hopped in her lap and 
meowed worriedly.  
Trowa murmured to her: "Are you too tired to work?"
"Oh, don't worry, Trowa, I'll be fine," she said, smiling at him.
Tenchi noticed this.
"Is there something going on?" he frowned.
"No," said Trowa and Kiyone at once.
"Hey, c'mon, you can tell me," he said, smiling a little bit.
Trowa looked at Kiyone.  Kiyone looked at Trowa.
Kiyone announced: "No, we can't tell you," she said.  "I can tomorrow, but not 
today."
"Why?" asked Tenchi, now thoroughly confused.
"It's none of your concern!" Kiyone shouted.  
Tenchi looked rattled. "Sorry, Kiyone, I didn't mean to anger you or anything."
Trowa looked on.
Kiyone sighed and said: "No, Tenchi, I shouldn't've yelled at you.  It's just." 
She looked out over the landscape and into Trowa's eyes.  Then she smiled and 
sighed, and said, "Don't worry, Tenchi."
He shrugged and got back to work.  Trowa helped Kiyone to her feet and they got 
back to work, too.
Aeka and Duo were working side by side with the laundry.  Mihoshi and Quatre 
were talking a mile a minute, hanging up the laundry that Aeka and Duo were 
washing.
"It's a change to actually hand-wash this stuff," said Duo, passing a wet sheet 
to Mihoshi.  "I mean, in our world, we have washing machines and dryers."
Aeka sighed and said, "So do we, on other planets and practically everywhere 
else.  It's just that Tenchi's house doesn't have either of them, for some weird 
reason."
"Hmm," said Duo in a distant voice, looking down at Aeka's body.  Aeka seemed 
not to notice.
Mihoshi was laughing and telling Quatre about one mission she had without 
Kiyone.  Quatre was laughing too.
 He had become fond of Mihoshi, about the way her blue, blue eyes sparkled, of 
her laugh, of her smile, of the way she acted and moved.If it weren't for her 
attacks of immaturity, Quatre would be falling all over her.  But then again, he 
did see how she behaved when mature.  He had enjoyed last night. Really enjoyed.
Mihoshi seemed like she couldn't remember, though.  When Quatre asked if she had 
liked what they did last night, she said: "What? What'd we do last night?" and 
continued working.
So Quatre decided to keep his memories of him and Mihoshi at the party to 
himself forever.
Everyone worked until around four, and then everyone got to do what they wanted 
until dinnertime.
Dinner seemed unusual.  It was the last meals that they'd all have together, and 
then they'd all separate for the rest of their lives.
Everyone had grown to like each other.  It would be hard to separate again.  
Before, they were only concerned about their world and their lives.  Now that 
they had visited people from a different world, they were all given something to 
think (and worry) about.  Life would never be the same again for any of them.
At first, it was silent as everyone was chewing his or her food.  Then Aeka, 
sitting between Tenchi and Duo, said: "It has been wonderful with all you people 
here.  With you here, everything seems happy and busy.  I just want to say that 
I've enjoyed having you all here."
Kiyone said, "It certainly has been wonderful." She smiled up at Trowa.  He 
smiled down at her.
Mihoshi cried: "I DON'T WANT YOU PEOPLE TO GO!!!!"
Everyone else commented something, and then they began to talk about anything 
and argue.  Dorothy was arguing with Ryoko that her hair was white and hard as a 
rock.  Ryoko, between Tenchi and Wufei, said that it was cyan and at least she 
cut her hair.  They continued arguing as Aeka began to talk with Duo, Tenchi 
with Heero, Mihoshi with Quatre, Sasami with Wufei, Trowa with Kiyone.
Pretty soon dinner was done.  Washu called everyone into the living room.
They all went in, Kiyone and Trowa slowly.  Kiyone's eyes were glistening.
Washu directed the Gundam Wing people to stand in front of the TV in a line.  
She made sure that Tenchi's gang stayed away from the TV.
"Everyone," announced Washu, "say your final good-byes."
Duo and Aeka stood off to one side, talking quietly.  Tenchi and Heero shook 
hands without saying a word, but they looked each other in the eye.  Quatre was 
caught by shock as Mihoshi flung her arms around him and sobbed.  Washu and 
Dorothy were glaring at her.  Dorothy and Ryoko paused, looking at each other, 
and then they slowly shook each other's hands, saying, "Good-bye," solemnly.  
Wufei knelt in front of Sasami and told her that he hoped to see her again.  She 
said the same to him and that it was nice to know him.  Trowa and Kiyone stood 
off to one side, looking each other in the eye sadly.  Trowa held Kiyone's right 
hand in his left and her left in his right.  They continued to gaze into each 
others' eyes, and then they hugged each other for a long time.  They were still 
hugging when everyone else had finished and were watching them.
Trowa brushed some hair away from Kiyone's face.  They looked at each other 
sadly and kissed; Trowa pressed her lips to his, as if he wanted all of her to 
remember him by.  Tears were streaming from Kiyone's eyes.  A single tear ran 
down Trowa's cheek.
They broke apart, everyone else watching, and Kiyone said, with a hint of a 
smile: "I th-though you didn't cry."
"I thought so too," he said, choking down a howl of misery.
Kiyone leaned against his chest and cried into his shoulder, and when she was 
finished, he looked her in the eyes and said: "Just promise me one thing."
"Anything," she said.
"Don't forget me."
Trowa pulled away from Kiyone, out of her arms, and stood with the others from 
his world.  Kiyone couldn't fight back more tears, and she began to cry again as 
the TV began to make a strange noise, and then the people from the Gundam world 
vanished back to where they had come from.

Two weeks later, Kiyone stood up and cleared her voice at the dinner table.  
Everyone looked up at her expectantly, with Grandpa and Nobuyuki eating dinner 
with them again.
"I have an announcement," said Kiyone, a few tears trickling down her cheeks.  
Ever since Trowa had left with everyone else, she had been sitting at the lake 
from morning until night, mourning.  Everyone felt sorry for her, even Ryoko.
"What is it?" asked Tenchi, swallowing.
Kiyone took a deep breath and said: "I'm going to have a baby."
Everyone spat out their food that they were chewing.
"You're what?" they all screeched.
"With who?" demanded Ryoko.
Kiyone's cheeks turned faintly red and she stared at the floor, twiddling  her 
thumbs.
"Oooohhhh," said everyone else.
"Well, when will it be born?" asked Aeka.
"Nine months, its only been two weeks."
"Well, I hope that it'll come quickly."
"I don't! I just wanna see Trowa again." Kiyone gazed dreamily out of the 
window.
Washu, in her lab, chuckled to herself as she heard Kiyone's words.  She would, 
indeed, see Trowa again.  Since she heard the news about their world, how could 
they not go?


The End  




*freak dancing-doing the worm when standing up; requires two dance partners, and 
the boy stands behind the girl


Author's Notes

I hope you enjoyed reading my fan fic.  I know, it was really long, but if you 
want me to continue and write the second-and final-half, e-mail me at   
HYPERLINK mailto:TheCopyCat1@homestead.com   TheCopyCat1@homestead.com   Thanks 
for reading my fic!
--The CopyCat
