By Nicholas Eckert <eckert.36@osu.edu>
vidstudent

                 Welcome one, welcome all...

Disclaimer: The following is a fanfiction, which is a work made by
someone with a lot of time on their hands to daydream. These
daydreams usually consist of thoughts related to different cultural
influences of our era. Specifically, anime/manga, video games,
television, and comic books. The writers of these are so fascinated
by the works that they will write about them, regardless of legalities
such as getting their creator or creators' permission to do so. Their
only defense is that most of them, like me, are in college, and can
rather efficiently declare bankruptcy upon being sued for any
amount of money deemed worth fighting over in court. Luckily,
creators don't sue often - they like the attention. Of course, fanfic
writers are still obligated to mention that this is not their stuff, and I
myself will attempt to go one step further by attempting to name the
creators involved with the characters as said characters are
introduced, which, though a task destined to bring about insanity, is
a worthy one indeed. Fanfic writers also have a distinct territorial
instinct, meaning that they usually wish a good amount of control
over their personal writing, or at least want their name affixed to the
document in perpetuity. I have but two requests due to this
ownership complex: that I am informed of any use or copying of the
document, and that the credits page included at the end of this
work, listing myself and any suckers, er, kind souls who were
generous enough to give me ideas or editing assistance be
included with the rest of the many, many words making up this
monstrosity. Besides, they're not there just to waste bandwidth...I
think... 

With that out the way, let me introduce our first chapter's characters: 

We have a lady named Lilith Aensland, who first appeared in
Vampire Savior, which was manufactured by Capcom;
We have this bright, cheery girl named Ellis from a game known as
Battle Arena Toshinden, a creation of Playmates Interactive
Entertainment; 

And we have our heroine, known for her role in Street Fighter Alpha
2, by Capcom...(and her fellow Street Fighter, Ryu, gets
mentioned...) 

Oh, before we start, we have two further credits: We mention Marvel
Super Heroes vs. Street Fighter and one of its bosses, Apocalypse;
the game's by Capcom, and the boss is by Wimps 'R Us; also, we
mention the Ultimate Video Rumble, which is a fanfic involving
random destruction, gratuitous punking, and a BIG trophy - for the
mailing list, contact the happy main writer, Wanderer
[wanderer@mvfc.gamedemo.com]. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sakura was bored. 

She'd faced everyone in the Street Fighter tournament, and had
actually done quite well, but, having the normal attention span for her
age, had hit upon the phenomenon known as "been there, done that"
syndrome. Of course, being the schoolgirl that she was, she could
only think of (or, more precisely, want enough to forget about
everything else) one thing to do: Hold a slumber party. 

The idea of the slumber party is simple. A small group of girls get
together (or a large group, depending on how the parents involved
felt about these things) and, during the time period when most sane
inviduals are, well, slumbering, try to stay awake by talking, watching
movies, playing games, and consuming large quantites of edibles. It
is very popular among teenagers to do this sort of thing, because it
means having a better chance of hearing gossip about boys, who,
while embarassing girls, seem to be the only interesting thing they
can find in school. 

Of course, Sakura needed people to invite to such an event, which
would be other girls, usually ones that are at least a good
acquaintance. The problem was, except for her best friend, who I
wish I knew the name of, she didn't know anyone well enough to invite
them - usually, her socializing consisted of knocking heads in via the
World Warrior tournament. And, of course, the occasional crossover
tourney, such as when they whipped on some pathetic loser named
Apocalypse or events such as the Ultimate Video Rumble popped
up. Then, an idea that pretty much is where this fanfic starts going
bonkers hit her: why not invite some fellow fighting girls? We can
brush up on our techniques, watch some workout videos, talk about
our favorite hunks in the tournaments (like Ryu...), and have a fun
time. So, she decided to call a couple of them and invite them over. 

It then hit her that it might be difficult to invite girls over for a slumber
party from other...what was that word they used? Oh, yeah, nodes...it
might be hard to get people from different nodes over for a party. No
matter, this was a fanfic, so all she had to do was beg the author to
slip them into the same universe. 

She begged nicely, promising a couple of Sho-o-kens. Not if I
cooperated, mind you. I thought hard. For one second. 

With that problem out of the way, the next obstacle was to figure out
who to call. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Now, who to call? Well, let's see...there's Lilith, who'd be great if we
played "Truth or Dare", Ellis, who's always fun to have around as well
as good for training; that'd do for a start. Have them invite some
people they know, say five each, and we'll have twenty-one people
show up, including herself. (That's correct party math,
folks...everybody invites extras, and, eventually, even the police get
invited - by the neighbors that can't sleep - around 4:00 A.M.) Next,
she needed to get her parent's permission before she called. After
that was settled, and dialing the WWF hotline by mistake, she called
Lilith's house. 

"Hello, this is Morrigan, what can I do for you?" 

After realizing she hadn't dialed the Hot Girls Hotline by mistake,
Sakura spoke. "Uh, hello, this is Sakura. Can I speak to Lily-chan,
please?" 

"Of course, hold on a minute," said a voice on the other end that
would have made a man blush instantly. 

A few seconds later, a new voice spoke through the headset. "Hello,
Sakura-chan, what's up?" 

"Well, I was wondering, if you're not busy Friday night, want to come
over for a sleepover party?" 

The word "party" perked Lilith's bat-wings up, and evoked the typical
response of "Let me check," followed by the sound of a receiver
being dropped and running back and forth, followed by a screamed
"YES!" and more scurrying, until the phone was apparently picked
back up. 

"I'd be glad to. What time?" 

"Come over about 8:00. Do you need directions?" 

"Uh, yeah." 

"Hold on. Where do you live?" Sakura had to write out directions
herself to figure out how to get her there, then, once that information
was passed on... 

"I'll see you there, Lily-chan. Oh, and invite some of your friends." 

"How many?" 

"Oh, about five." 

"Great. I'll see you there." 

"Cool. Bye, Lily-chan." 

"Bye, Sakura-chan." 

Next, Sakura called Ellis, with virtually the same dialogue. Just
substitute Ellis-chan for Lily-chan, think ears instead of bat-wings,
and consider a remarakble amount of bandwidth saved. 

With that out of the way, it was time to get supplies.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

So, what do you get for a slumber party made up of fighters? 

Sakura started by getting the normal prerequisites for such a party,
though adapting some for the crowd she was expecting to handle. A
quick stop at the grocery store procured enough food to feed an
army, which would have to do. At the video store, she rented a
couple of movies, some workout and training videos, and a few
video games just to make this all surreal. A few board games, just
because people talk more during them...especially when the board
games are Pictionary, Scruples, and Taboo. She then went around
town, picking up odds and ends that we won't describe yet...let's just
say that the Truth-or-Dare competition oughta be good. 

Now, for the rooming arrangements. Sakura picked four rooms that
looked large enough to fit five people, and moved some of the
furniture around to get just a bit extra space. She also made sure that
a few small rooms were available, just because she now realized that
she hadn't said anything about not inviting boys over. Oh well, she
thought, it'll make for a more interesting Truth or Dare session.
Which reminded her - she needed makeup. Back to shopping; and,
while she was at it, she checked with her best friend, who I still can't
remember the name of, to make sure she could come. After more
screaming, begging of parents, louder and more jubilant screaming,
and a running about that was thought impossible considering the
maneuvering area of the house, she accepted and started packing
her stuff. Sakura had to calm her down somewhat, seeing as it was
only Wednesday, and that they had a couple of school days before
the event. That settled, Sakura now went home to *blech* study. 

After boring herself with geometry, which took the better part of five
minutes to do, she began staring out the window. And this is where
we start twisting the plot so everyone doesn't think this sort of thing
just a rather sarcastic description of the females' overnight party. As I
was saying, Sakura looked up into the sky, and, out of the blue, she
caught a glimpse of a shooting star. She made a wish (it involed Ryu,
Paris, and a hotel with training facilities) and then saw a big flash of
light. Now, it wouldn't have worried Sakura so much if the flash of light
hadn't come from her backyard, which, by the by, had now been
transformed from a collage of grass, flowers, and a tree swing into a
gaping, smoking hole in the ground. And this is one of those great
moments to induce suspense by ending Chapter One, and I don't
want to miss the chance, so...

---

Well, with the first chapter out of the way, let's see how
insane we can go. Quick recap (like it's necessary at this
point, but, for those induhviduals so suited for
management that they'd rather skip ahead): 

Sakura's bored of street fighting at the moment, so she's
having a slumber party;
We know that she's personally invited Lilith, Ellis, and her
best friend that I don't know the name of;
The party's scheduled for Friday, and it's Wednesday (it's
useless info I'm best at ^_^);
And, once Sakura had everything, tried studying, and
looked out the window, a shooting star almost bulls-eyed
Sakura's house. 

That's the short, lack-of-commentary version. For a more
descriptive depiction of events than normally given by the
AP Newswire, go back to Chapter 1 and actually try reading
the thing. You'll be glad you did (I hope). 

Anyway, it's time for our next mess. Let's introduce this
new group of characters we have coming into play: From
the game Dead or Alive, lovingly made by Tecmo, we
introduce for the first time ever into fanficdom (I think) a
young lady by the name of Kasumi (not that Kasumi, at
least not yet...);
>From Street Fighter III, a game lovingly made by Capcom,
we have a lady by the name of Elena;
>From Marvel Vs. Capcom, a game doomed to scrubby tactics
and block damage by Capcom, we have a little robot by the
name of Roll;
And, since that'll adequately describe how quickly the
guest list was growing, we'll just add one, no, make that two
more...courtesy of Anime International Company and
Pioneer Entertainment, from Tenchi Muyo...

---------------------------------------------------------------

"Can't you land a spaceship without crashing?" 

"Oh, but the bumpy ride was so fun, Washu! And, besides,
it's the writer who did this, not me..." 

"Mihoshi, the bumpy ride was NOT fun. As for the writer,
well..." The next few minutes hurt, and I had to drop the
resulting evil twin into Dragonball Z. Don't ask what
happened in that timeframe. Anyway, Washu opened the
door to the craft, found herself at the bottom of a rather
large hole, and got out the repulsorlift she had developed
watching the Special Edition on video one night.
Reluctantly grabbing Mihoshi while she was at it (she
figured the ship was still salvagable, especially her various
inventions onboard; she couldn't imagine anything worse
happening to them, and didn't want to leave Mihoshi to the
imagination), she floated herself, a few knick-knacks, her
clothes, and the living proof that brains and luck are not
mutually dependent up to what is normally considered the
ground. 

Sakura was gaping while all of this was taking place. 

"Hello...you must be Sakura," said the female evil scientist.
"I'm Washu, and this is Mihoshi. Lilith said you were having
a slumber party, and had given her permission to invite
some friends; we go way back." Sakura remembered that
Lily-chan was a succubus, and that said beings were
immortal; hence, she decided not to think too hard about
when exactly "way back" was in this instance, and simply
invited them in for hot chocolate. 

"Um, you know, Washu, you're a bit early," noted Sakura in
between sips. 

"Yeah, I know - I wanted to test my time-travel invention,"
said Washu. 

"You didn't tell me you had a time-travel invention," said
Mihoshi, pouting. 

"I wanted to keep it intact," deadpanned Washu. 

"But I could go do things, like meet Cleopatra, or see what
I'll be like in a few years, or go eat anytime I want instead of
waiting for the store to open, or..." 

"No, you're not touching it, Mihoshi." 

"Please? Pretty please? With sugar on top?" 

"No." 

The word "no" resulted in a wail audible in Russia. 

Somehow, Washu was able to make Mihoshi hear, "All
right, all right, I'll see about letting you use it sometime.
Now, stop crying." 

To the delight of Tokyo, Mihoshi went to a soft sniffle. "You
really mean it?" 

In an obviously reluctant tone, Washu replied, "Yes, I really
mean it." 

"Yay! I get to go time-travelling!" 

"Ok now let go of my neck please you're choking me -" 

"Oh, gomen nasai." 

Sakura started to worry.

----------------------------------------------------------------




"Now, Mihoshi, I want you to listen carefully, and write this
down," Washu said as she stepped into the time travel
device. 

"Okay, let me find a pad and paper...ooh, I know it's around
someplace - oh, I know, I left it back on the ship!" 

"Then here, borrow mine. First thing - you don't go near
that ship until I return." 

"Okay..." 

"Second, you see the tent I just set up? You're to sleep
there - it has all the food you'll need for the next few days." 

"Yes..." 

"Finally, *try* to stay out of trouble. I know it's hard, but
we've already ruined the lawn...no need to make more
problems." 

"Um-hmm...first...thing...don't...go..." 

"Gimme that!" Washu decided to take the writing into her
own hands, instead of leave it with the female equivalent of
Agent 86. 

That done, she powered up the time portal. "Goodbye,
everybody! Try to stay clear of this area until 8:00 P.M.
Friday." 

Sakura, who was just standing there watching this, nodded
and waved. She didn't want to know. 

Mihoshi wailed again. This time, it made it to Hawaii. 

"There, there," Sakura said, reassuring Mihoshi and saving
the collective eardrums of Japan at the same time. "She'll
be back, and, in the meantime, you can talk to me." 

"I can?" Mihoshi said weakly. 

Sakura barely managed to get out the words, "Of course,"
before being throroughly strangled to death with
happiness. She wondered for a second if it wasn't Washu
taking Mihoshi to the party, instead of the other way
around. 

Nah, Mihoshi's too old.

------------------------------------------------------------

While all this mess was going on, the invitations were going
out. Lilith decided to get ahold of a fighter she had just met
in this new tournament she'd been signed up for between
her creators and some comic book company. 

"Hello, is this the residence of Dr. Light?" 

"Yes, Roll speaking. Can I help you?" 

"Hiya, Roll, it's me, Lilith - remember?" 

"Of course! You were that secret character with the cute
bat-wings! How are you?" 

"Doing fine. Say, wanna go to a party on Friday, work on
some fighting moves, hang out, you know?" 

The by-now-overused scene of scurrying, asking
permission, screaming, and scurrying again took place, and
Roll came back and said, "Great! When and where do I meet
you to go over?" 

"Come over around 7:30, and we'll go from there." 

"Cool! I'll have Rush take me there. Bye, Lilith!" 

"See ya then, Roll. Bye!" She almost forgot - Roll had her
own transportation. Not that she had a license, mind you,
but the dog/car/board/sub/jetpack
armor/quarterback/running back/punter was sentinent,
and hence no license was necessary. 

Next on the list, a foreign exchange student from Africa.
"Hello, this is Lilith. Is Elena there?" (Note that Lilith's
hand never left the phone.) 

The voice on the other end said, "Just a minute. ELENA?
SOMEONE ON THE PHONE WANTS TO TALK TO YOU..."
Luckily, the voice on the other end didn't shout into the
phone - just down the steps, where the only Street Fighter
to attempt fighting solely with their feet (and hence, bring
about a bad unintended pun) was playing with Narumi in
the bright Tokyo sunshine. 

Elena walked up the stairs and took the phone from her
exchange mother's hand. "Hello?" 

"Hi, it's me, Lilith. I was wondering if your busy on Friday
night." 

"If your busy Friday night...what? What did my busy Friday
night do? Do I have a busy Friday night, for that..." 

"Huh? Hold on for a second." She looked at the script.
"WHERE'S THE AUTHOR?" 

I replied quickly - sure, many of her attacks were, um, nice,
but I wanted to live until tomorrow, and she sounded like
she was quite prepared to prevent my life's continuation.
"Hold on..." 

A quick dash of white-out and typing later, the conversation
continued. 

"Hi, it's me, Lilith. I was wondering if you're busy on Friday
night." 

"I think I'm free. Why?" 

"Are you interested in coming to a slumber party?" 

"Can Narumi come along?" 

"Sure. It's a bit fighting-related, but I'm sure she'll have fun
too." 

After the quick check with her host family, which luckily
didn't involve scurrying, she accepted; a phone call later,
Narumi was also signed up. 

A few more phone calls, and Lilith was done...Ellis was just
getting started. Currently, she was talking with Kasumi. 

"Do I want to go out tonight? Of course!" You could hear the
bouncing over the phone. (For that matter, you could hear
the fanfic author getting slapped silly while writing.) 

"Actually, it's Friday night." 

"Oh, yeah. That's cool. Where is it? I'll meet you there." 

A quick description of the location for ninja teleportation
purposes, and another signed on. Ellis was on a roll. Of
course, she wasn't keeping track of who she was inviting
precisely...she was, instead, just asking people she called
that night on the phone. 

Perhaps twenty-one was a small estimate...

---

Well, now on to Chapter 3. We've made it to Thursday, and, folks, it
can only get loonier from here. 

Quick recap, for those of you who have missed the first two chapters
and don't want to look: 

Sakura's having a sleepover party on Friday, and the guest list is
growing by the minute (according to Sprint);
So far, we have Sakura (obviously), her friend that screams and runs
off in Marvel Super Heroes vs. Street Fighter (I'd say the name if I
knew it), Lilith, Ellis, Washu, Roll, Elena, Narumi, and Kasumi (the
Dead or Alive one);
Mihoshi's stuck herself into the guest list elegantly by crashing the
ship into Sakura's backyard - luckily, none of Washu's onboard
experiments were hurt;
the writer has an evil twin courtesy of Washu that hopefully by now
has met Vegita from Dragonball personally;
and Washu has taken this opportunity to test her new time-travel
machine, hence leaving Mihoshi with Sakura for a day, with strict
instructions not to touch the ship. 

I'd like to take this opportunity to thank some of the readers
responsible for keeping my insanity and choice of background colors
in check. Thanks to Anthony Woo and Damien Roc for their
comments and catching slip-ups I didn't make on purpose, and a big
thank you to the kind and gentle souls that make up the regulars of
the MVFC and the UVR, who have done some mild reading of their
own coupled with explaining the good idea of putting dark letters on
light backgrounds or light letters on dark backgrounds, hence making
it possible for you to read this. And, one thank you and humble
bowing to Aldrich Bautista, who has offered to place my small
testament to insanity in his Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction Archive before
I've even finished, and hence brought me to write this up as a
temporary listing of credits. 

I'd also like to take this opportunity to remind you that there are two
other chapters to read, and, if you're wondering about the nitty-gritty
details on how some of the things above could have conceivably
happened in my disturbed mind, go back and read them. It won't hurt
that badly... 

Not too many new characters this time around - in fact, there's only
one mentioned - primarily due to the fact that, except for Washu and
Mihoshi, people shouldn't be arriving this early. It also allows me the
chance to foreshadow just about anything I can think to slip in later.
Not that the story has more of a plot yet than the sleepover, but it
helps to have a few weird things that can happen as I go along. The
one we do have, however, is probably the second-most popular
character to put into a fanfiction. Created by the One who is Rumiko
Takahashi (all bow and create fanfiction ^_^) and owned by the
company known as Viz Communications, from her masterpiece of
creativity and martial arts we know as Ranma 1/2...eh, I'll make you
wait to the end of the chapter on this one. I'm nasty that way. ^_^

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

"WAAAAAAAHHH!!!" 

"Look, it's not my fault I have to go to school," said one exasperated
Sakura. "In fact, if I had my way -" 

"WAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!" That was Mihoshi, for those of
you in Hong Kong wondering where that infernal racket was
originating. 

"Will you quit crying? It's not like I'm going to leave forever, just for a
few hours (and am I ever grateful school only lasts *that* long). I'll be
back, I promise." 

"You really mean it?" 

"Yes, I -" 

"YAAAY! We'll go shopping together, and out to eat, and -" 

"We'll see. In the meantime, try to follow what Washu said, and one
additional thing -" 

"Anything!" 

"Please leave the house intact. My mom's already griping about the
new backyard decor." 

"I will! You won't have anything to worry about from me, I promise!
You'll see!" 

With that, Sakura left, leaving Mihoshi alone - Sakura's dad was
working, her kid brother was heading off to school himself, and her
mother was out talking to a landscaper. 

If that doesn't scare you, folks, I'd love to know what does.


---------------------------------------------------------------------------

After Sakura left, she waited for a few minutes, thinking of what to do.

Then, her stomach kicked in. 

Yes, she'd had a pretty good breakfast, managing to finish off about
three-quarters of the fridge's contents by herself, so all she needed
was a light snack. Trouble was, there wasn't anything left that she
really wanted to snack on. For that matter, there wasn't much left. So,
she tried searching the rest of the house. 

She hit the Slumber Party Food Jackpot. 

A couple of hours later, Mihoshi saw the note to Sakura's mom on
the last bag of potato chips: 

     "Mom - 

     This food's for the slumber party -
     don't put it with the food in the kitchen.

                                         - Sakura

Mihoshi went into conclusion-jumping mode: She ate all the food for
the slumber party that Sakura had bought. Sakura wouldn't have any
food for the party. Her party guests would be unhappy. Sakura would
be unhappy. Sakura would hate Mihoshi. Furthermore, Washu, who
was going to be one of the guests at the party, would be unhappy.
Washu would hate Mihoshi. 

Sakura could swear she heard Mihoshi cry. Nah, must be my ears
ringing from this morning. There's no way you could hear her all the
way from home inside a classroom in the middle of the building.
Could you? 

Meanwhile, Mihoshi wondered where she could get more food. The
Galaxy Police had trimmed her credit use for expenditures
considerably since the last time she went to the Intergalactic House
of Pancakes. Not that the credits would do her any good on Earth,
anyway. Her Earth currency was on the ship - 

The ship! It had food to spare, plus it had that weird thingy Washu
made for cloning - perhaps it could even make more food! 

Having forgot completely about Washu's specific instructions not to
go near the ship, she took the floatation device Washu had used to
get them out of the crater where their ship was parked and went
down to get some more food.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mihoshi quickly deduced that there wasn't enough food to make up for what
she'd eaten. No surprise, since she'd eaten most of the food on the way to
Sakura's house. So, she was just going to have to clone some. She gathered
what food she could find, set it down on a little pad in front of the cloning
machine, hit a few buttons, and paused for a second. 

The pause was Mihoshi's memory trying to kick in. Doesn't Washu always
tell you not to touch any of her experiments and stuff? 

Eh, she won't mind. 

Rationalization, ladies and gentlemen, accounts for many of the world's
problems today. But it alone often does not bring about the strife we have;
instead, a combination of factors come into play. Like the fact that cloning
makes replicas of the cells involved, creating a living being (and thus the
creation of new potato chips directly through such a method is impossible,
although it would allow for the cloning of the potatoes and most ingredients
except minerals such as salt necessary to make them). Or, the fact that
Mihoshi had instead placed the food on the platform Washu opened to dump
genetic waste into a holding cylinder for later disposal. For that matter, it might
have even helped if Mihoshi actually knew how to use the controls to the
cloning machine. But, perhaps most importantly, there was the issue of using
the controls for the correct device, instead of the portable dimensional gateway
that was on the opposite side of the ship's laboratory. 

A voice from a transporter pad on the other side of the room blurted, "What
the - how'd we end up here?" 

Mihoshi didn't quite know how to explain, so she decided to blame me
instead. "Um, I don't know, the writer wrote this, and suddenly you're here,
and I don't know how I'm going to get food for Sakura's party, and she'll be
mad at me because I ate it all, and she won't like me, and -" 

The next few seconds involved the following: Mihoshi screaming; Sakura
blinking again, wondering if Mihoshi had followed her to school or something;
the writer running for dear life; and some person stepping out of the portal
swinging a hammer and somehow yelling over Mihoshi "WRITER NO
BAKA!" 

Well, she had to arrive sometime, didn't she? Okay, now, no need to be upset,
don't you guys start throwing hammers, ow, ooh, watch it...

---

Well, that chapter went quick. Hope those of you who've been
following along liked it (and the other two, for that matter). 

Shall we summarize, for those who'd rather not go back and read the
mess we've created? 

Sakura's having a sleepover, and just about everyone that ever fought
and looks to be under the age of eighteen is invited by now. And it's
still a day away.
Mihoshi, who is more stuck rather than invited, was left home alone for
the day while Sakura attended (blech) school.
The blond policewoman mangaged to eat all the food for the party
(and everything else in the house), and then tried to clone more in
reparations using Washu's shipboard lab.
She instead managed to open a dimensional portal, and out stumbled a
group of people led by none other than Akane Tendo. One guess
where that group's from, kids. 

Anyway, if it isn't obvious, we're getting a whole slew of new
characters this time around (to ostensibly make up for the lack of fresh
blood last time). 

>From the work of Takahashi Rumiko known affectionately as Ranma
1/2, distributed by Viz Communications, we have, in no particular
order: Saotome Ranma, Ryoga, Shampoo, Ukyo, Tendo Nabiki, and
the other Kasumi. (I'd add more, but my premium was raised enough
when I let Rumiko's name slip in a conversation with my insurance
salesman.)
And, just to make things not so predictable, we have a character from
Escaflowne, a creation of Sunrise, by the name of... 

Eh, you'll find out later. Make you drool a bit first. ^_^

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sakura returned from school carrying enough groceries to feed the
entire homeless population of New York City for a day. She'd been
told by her mother to fill the refridgerator for her guest, as it appeared
she'd eaten the entire contents of her tent the night before. She'd also
been warned by Ellis in school that their might be a "few extra" coming.
Hence, the owner of the supermarket was able to close shop early for
the week and go off to London. 

When she got there, she noticed the new holes in the walls and roof.
She wondered how such a thing could have happened - she could only
think of her one guest, Mihoshi, and she seemed to lack the strength to
break through wood absentmindedly. She looked at the family dog,
playing with a small pig in the yard. The pig had to be someone's pet -
there was no way it got that yellow polka-dot bandana on its own.
Ironically, it seemed to be avoiding any water, looking at her as if she
would see something. 

Her kid brother was inside, playing video games. Once every so often,
a hammer or spatula would fly over his head, but he was concentrating
so hard on the game that he didn't notice the projectiles overhead. 

Sakura then hit her mental rewind button and thought, for a fleeting
second, the reasons why there might be projectiles flying over her
brother's head. And, for that matter, why there were so many hammers
and spatulas in the vicinity. 

Every fanfic author has dreams of meeting the character he or she
writes about. That's what often gets them into this sort of thing, as I
stated earlier in the Chapter 1 disclaimer. Their imaginations become
stories, and those stories become stuff like what you're reading right
now. 

Sakura had read manga about hammers and spatulas. She had no such
dreams. Sure, it'd be interesting and funny, and she might even perhaps
meet a good opponent to spar with (though not as good as Ryu). 

To be quite frank, this sort of thing worried her. She went inside in
hopes of it being just an illusion, or something weird going on. 

It was the something weird going on, yes, but she'd been hoping for
one not involving these guys in her house all of a sudden. 

Sakura wasn't all too ladylike in the first place, so what came out of her
mouth next was not surprising. However, that did not make it any more
printable.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sakura stood up. "So, all of these guys are here because they came
through some weird portal on Mihoshi's ship." 

I nodded affirmative. I would have spoken, but there was this yellow
polka-dot bandana in my mouth that appeared to be rather effective at
preventing sound from passing effectively. Said cloth in my mouth was
considered necessary, lest I take after Mihoshi and scream, drawing
attention to the fact that I was currently tied to the back of a chair with
various projectiles and martial artists surrounding me with the intent to
viciously harm. 

"Weren't we going to keep this to game fighters only? These guys are
anime! Worse, the backyard's already got a hole in it - now the house
has to have twenty or so of its own!" 

"M mver sid i wooden ooze nnmay..." 

"Someone give him something to write with, please." 

I wrote, "I never said I wouldn't use anime. In fact Washu and Mihoshi
are anime characters, though perhaps not here for reasons of
continuity. And, besides, these guys here are fighting game characters
- a Super Famicom fighting game was based on the Ranmaverse." 

Sakura looked at the pad and read it aloud. "Ok, then, I guess we can
have them along for the ride. But, weren't we going to have everybody
just exist in the universe? I mean, it's a weak explanation, but it's
consistent, and, besides, we now have to get everybody back through
the portal somehow!" 

I took the pad, and wrote again. "Washu can get them back through
the portal - don't worry about that." Washu's pets, who she'd left inside
the house and were standing right behind me, chimed in gleefully on cue
with their "Washu is the greatest scientist in the universe" bit. I
continued, "As for the portal, we'll just say that the
predominately-fighting game characters happen to live nearby, and the
predominately-anime characters get warped in through the portal. We
can even explain how Washu and Mihoshi got here that way - if I
remember the Darkstalkers storyline, Lilith and Morrigan's house is in
two dimensions simultaneously anyway, so, even if Washu hadn't left a
device for interdimensional communication (which she probably did),
Lilith would still be able to go talk to Washu by crossing the
dimensional plane herself, theoretically." 

Sakura sighed, regretting being wrote into this mess. "Okay, I guess we
can let you off this time. Let him go." Akane, Ukyo, Ryoga, and
Shampoo began untying me and dragging me out of the various
contraptions set up around my comparitively frail body. Unfortunately,
Mihoshi walked in, and, after hearing I was truly to blame for the mess
instead of her, and that there was no problem involving getting food for
the party, she bounded up and hugged Sakura around the neck. This
resulted in Sakura being knocked off balance, which ran her into
Ranma, which caused Ranma to bump into Ryoga, who knocked
Ranma into Akane in a direction a man shouldn't be facing, which gave
Akane ample reason to bring out the mallet and attempt to flatten
Ranma's head, which hit a charging Ryoga accusing Ranma of violating
Akane instead of its intended target, which caused him to stumble into
Ukyo, which knocked off the spatula on her back, which finally ended
the domino effect with a resounding thunk on my head. I don't know
what happened for the next five minutes after that, but I think I ought to
tell you a little bit about something that had happened before all this.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Anyway, after most of the gang had left the spaceship, three others
came through the portal that no one had tried to turn off. (Mihoshi was
too afraid; the others were already at each others' throats for ending up
there, and were therefore too busy to notice.) The first one, Nabiki,
took one glance and had dollar signs in her eyes. She grabbed a few
things she thought would sell well (finders, keepers, and all that), and
then left. The other person, Kasumi, came later and came to the
conclusion that the room she was now in looked like a wreck. Ignoring
the possibility that it actually was, and the signs hanging prominently
around the room saying "DONT TOUCH!", she casually cleaned up
stuff, dusted, and dropped the waste into some weird-looking flip-top
garbage cans. She wondered for a second as to why the garbage in
them seemed to be moving of its own volition, but guessed that it was
just some new way of trash compaction, in the manner that a toilet
flushes and gets rid of those types of solid waste, and let it be. She also
tried pushing a couple of buttons in an effort to turn off the machine that
seemed to be running, but, to no avail. She then tried to walk out via
the portal (something that everyone else except Nabiki didn't think of
doing, due to either being busy wailing and worrying or chasing and
excessive damage) and tidy up the rest of the house, not noticing that
the spaceship wasn't her house. Or, for that matter, not noticing that
where she ended up wasn't her house either. Oh well, she said, as she
tidied up rooms of the castle she was in one by one. 

While Kasumi was dusting the big white robot (at least, she thought
the thing was a robot), another member of the castle saw the weird
glowing portal in the room Kasumi had just cleaned. She looked
around, listened, and, still wondering what it was, stepped through and
found herself in the middle of a now-immaculate science lab on a
wrecked spaceship. She also saw some weird buttons, and played
around with a few before giving up on figuring out what they do. She
then crept out of the ship and looked around at the big hole she was
sitting in with no way out of. Then, worried as to how to get back, she
tried going back through the portal, and returned quickly before a
beam whizzing past fried her instead of my clone beside her. Then,
even more concerned, she looked back at the buttons, not
remembering how they were pushed when she got there. She tried
some others, hopped in at different times, hoping to find the right
dimension, but no luck - she was apparently stuck here. Sighing, she
curled up and went to sleep, cursing her stupid inborn curiosity factor
and leaving the machine on. 

Which means, next chapter, we can bring in more people if we want,
just before the party starts and Washu has me on her experiment table
for writing half of this stuff into happening.
--------------19F4A1B6B88
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; name="WOWACh5.txt"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Disposition: inline; filename="WOWACh5.txt"

And here we are at Chapter 5. About time for the guests to arrive (or
rearrive, if your name is Washu). We have the food, we have a few
extra guests, and I foresee more of both. (One will be necesary, the
other's just because I'm in charge. ^_^) Of course, we still have Friday
morning to get through, and Sakura's gonna hate me for not forgetting
about it.

Anyway, for those of you who'd rather not see what my demented
mind did in the last four chapters, we'll go over it briefly:

Sakura's having a slumber party, and most fighting game girls and quite
a few anime characters are scheduled to appear.
Washu arrived via spaceship, and Mihoshi stuck herself there by
crashing said spaceship.
Mihoshi ate all the food for the party while stuck at Sakura's house,
and tried to make up for it by cloning some more in Washu's lab on the
ship. Instead, she fired up the still-running dimensional gateway, and
hence has brought most of the regular characters from Ranma 1/2 into
the picture.
Furthermore, since no one who had an idea of how to turn the thing off
(or operate it at all, for that matter) has tried to close the gateway, it's
allowed for some lab equipment to be stolen and Kasumi (the one from
Ranma 1/2, not the one Lilith's invited) to walk into The Vision of
Escaflowne.
And, while Kasumi went to Gaia, Merle decided to walk through and
see what was behind the gate and what buttons she could push. And
she's even left the thing on.

We won't specifically mention any new people in this chapter, though
we will have a few hop through the gate for reasons of partycrashing or
worse. So, having one section of the opening we're able to skip over,
we can get straight to the fanfic...

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

The cat-girl looked up and realized that she had a bit of a task ahead
of her. Washu had used a repulsorlift when she wanted out; the others
had used the same thing to leave when they entered the dimension, as
Mihoshi had brought it back down when she opened the dimensional
gateway instead of cloning food. This time, it was still stuck up at the
top of the hole, and the spaceship Merle was standing on was on the
deep bottom. The spaceship, on its landing, had in fact made sure to
redefine the word "deep", barely managing to stay out of the magma
layer on its landing. This phenomenon also explained why it didn't seem
all that cold down in the hole, despite the fact that very little light was
currently reaching the place. (It also meant that it might get a little too
hot later on, but, eh, so what?)

Anyway, Merle was stuck down in the hole, and she didn't quite have
anything to get out of it with. So, she tried the only thing she could think
of - screaming for help at high octaves, which would have worked if
everyone wasn't currently deaf due to Mihoshi crying at the same time.
Of course, this meant that there was virtually no way out. I say
virtually, because the anime world defies physics, and all it took for
stimulus for Merle to climb out faster than grease from a frying pan was
a stirring from the ship. We won't say what, just because we're saving
that for later chapters. But, with her being part cat and all, the noise
where there should have been none was ample to make her tear out of
the hole rapidly.

After panting heavily, looking down at what she'd climbed out of, and
fainting, Merle woke up inside the house and looked up at the faces
hovering over her resting place that had changed to the couch.

She decided to force me to use a thesaurus by having another sudden
loss of blood flow to the brain.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Meanwhile, Mihoshi was trying to help Sakura out by setting up all the
decorations. In reality, she was looking more and more like a cat that
had been playing with a ball of yarn just a bit too long, hence the
crying. Ranma was trying to untangle Mihoshi without messing up the
decorations terribly or putting himself in Mihoshi's place. Akane was
nearby, hammering Ranma when he started stalling around the, er,
midsection. Ryoga was off trying to get some more food for the party,
also known as a Bad Thing (tm, The Jihad to Kill Barney). Ukyo was
cooking lunch with Shampoo, and killing each other over whether the
main course would be ramen or okonomiyaki. Sakura was, of course,
at school attempting to stomach the combination gruel/spinach juice
concoction the cafeteria workers tried to pass off as edible food.

Now, this is all fine, normal behavior for all parties involved, but it
lacks development of the plot. Hence, something had to happen, and
that came in the form of a cat-girl from The Vision of Escaflowne
climbing out of a hole at a speed that suggested a slug creature that
happened to find such a species to be the equivalent of a gourmet meal
was not all that far behind. Of course, slug creatures don't like heat -
they prefer containment tanks for genetic material filled with food. But
that's for later on. A few lapses of consciousness later, all of the crew
save Sakura was getting the brief explanation of how she got here. A
few Homer-like expressions of alarm at their own stupidity after that,
and the crew realized they were obligated to go down to the ship and
shut the stupid thing off before things got worse.

Of course, if all it took was a simple trip down and a lever flip to fix the
situation, it'd get boring, and I wouldn't have much to write about.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

By the time they reached the spaceship, they could hear the chaos.
Swords, explosions, electricity and fire travelling in unnatural directions,
and other unpleasant sounds indicating several types of pain that
generally isn't experienced without death coming along for the ride.
Hence, a very important and life-impacting decision had to be made.

"Okay, who wants to go in there and hit that lever?"

Ironically, for all the noise and mayhem the group had been known for
so far, you could have dropped a pin and heard it after that was said, if
it weren't for the ship's apparent residents handling the situation
themselves.

Finally, Ranma's brave voice spoke up. "I ain't goin' in there."

This was followed by a series of dumb looks, prior committments,
vehement refusals, and enthusiastic appointments of other parties. After
the ensuing fight above the ship subsided, the group going in was
narrowed down to three unhappy individuals - Ranma, Akane, and
Mihoshi. The first two were chosen for their fighting ability, courage,
and their aversion to being hit with mallets, projectiles, or bonbori. The
third was chosen because she had the most knowledge of the
equipment involved. (Not that that was much, mind you, but it was
more than the rest of the crew had.)

Meanwhile, Sakura arrived to an empty and quiet house, decorated
somewhat for the slumber party to begin later that night. She noted the
lack of sound and destruction, and grew understandably worried. Just
then, a pig walked in the door with a briefcase on his back. Luckily, as
noted earlier, Sakura had read up on her manga, and heated some
water for P-Chan while noting the groceries the pig had carried with
him. He'd actually made good time, considering who it was and that the
groceries were from a town near Tokyo...near the other side of Tokyo,
to be precise.

Which scared her even further. The only way the pig got lucky enough
to make it back in time to do anything was when the author was going
to use him real soon, whether the author be named Rumiko or Nick.
Further scaring her was the fact that the pig wandered right into the
hole while the water was heating up.

I'd foreshadow further, but it's getting ridiculous.