Well I guess I'll have to say that again, I don't own
any of the Tenchi Muyo characters.  So don't sue me.
Anyway here's chapter five.

When Worlds Collide: - Chapter 5 - No need for Concern

        Ayeka was standing on a hillside near the shrine; the
breeze blew her dress and hair gently in the wind.
It was a beautiful sunset; leaves were falling
gracefully almost as if they were dancing,
complimenting the serenity of the moment.  Ayeka stood
watching this beautiful moment and wishing she could
share that moment with Tenchi.
        Suddenly she felt a gentle, yet firm hand touch and
caress her shoulder.   "Ohh Lord Tenchi I was just
thinking how wonderful it would be to share this
moment with you.  It's so breathtaking, it reminds me
of being back on Jurai, it's simply gorgeous."

"Not as gorgeous as you are Ayeka."

Ayeka turned around to find herself not in the arms of
Tenchi, but in the arm's of Brian.  He leaned in
closer to her, she felt herself leaning in to met his
embrace.  She felt her body tremble in his hold,
a little scared, yet overjoyed.  Their lips touched,
she felt an overwhelming passion build in the kiss, a
undesirable need to stay like this forever.

        Suddenly Ayeka sat up on her futon, looking around
her to make sure she was really in her room.
As she realized that it was a dream she began to
wonder what it could mean.

* What does it mean?  I wanted it to be Lord Tenchi
standing there with me, so why was it Brian.
When we kissed I didn't try to resist, I almost seemed
to welcome it.  *  Finally she just shrugged it off
thinking that it was a strange dream that had no
meaning to it.  She got up and dressed to get ready to
go down stairs to eat breakfast.
When she reached the living room there weren't any
sounds coming from the kitchen.  So she walked into
the kitchen to see that nobody was there.  She called
out to see if anyone would answer and she didn't
receive a reply.

        She decided to go into Washu's lab to see if she knew
where everyone else was.  When she walked in she saw
everyone else standing around Washu's computer
talking.  As she approached everyone else she would
occasionally hear a couple of  "OOHH's and AAAHH's"
coming from everyone.
"What's going on?" Ayeka questioned.

"Oh, Ayeka we didn't hear you come in, come here and
watch." Washu said never lifting her head from the
computer.

"Ayeka were watching Brian train and boy can he move."
 Sasami said.

        She walked over to Washu's computer and looked at the
screen to see Brian in the training area throwing
kicks and punches.  His kicks and punches seemed to be
nothing but a blur.  Then he started to do flips
gracefully across the room, seeming to have no trouble
at all.

"What is the gravity set on in there?" Tenchi asked.

"10 times normal gravity."  Washu answered.

"Oh wow, that must hurt." Sasami exclaimed.

"Sasami, why don't you and I go and fix breakfast
while everyone else watches Brian."

"Oh. . .ok Ayeka."

        Sasami and Ayeka go to leave the lab while the others
stay and watch Brian train.  As Ayeka and Sasami are
preparing breakfast, they both are thinking about
their newest guest and what he can do.

* Boy I can't believe all the things that Brian can
do.  I wish he were my brother, that would be really
cool.  I wonder if Ayeka likes him? *

* That Brian sure is a strange man.  He seems like a
nice person, and he is a little handsome.  My heart
still belongs to Tenchi though, Tenchi and nobody
else.  *

"Hey Ayeka, what do you think about Brian?"

"Well, I guess he seems to be a nice guy and he seems
to care a lot for other people.  Why, what do you
think about him?"

Sasami giggles.  "I think he's cute."

"Well maybe you should ask him if he'd go out with you
Sasami."

"Really?"

Ayeka giggles.  "Yes you two would make a cute
couple."

"OW Ayeka, will you stop joking around and help me
with breakfast."

"Alright Sasami."

        Meanwhile back in Washu's lab, Brian is emerging from
the training room and is greeted by everyone there.
He walks over to everyone and praises Washu for making
the room.

"Hey Little Washu thank you for making that room, it's
perfect."

"Hey it's no problem for the greatest scientific
genius of the universe." She stated with a triumphant
grin.

"So Brian, what was it like in there?" Ryoko inquired.

"Well it was really difficult getting use to the
gravity at first, but after a while my body got used
to it.  Now I feel a little lighter than air."

"Maybe I could try it out a little myself.  I could
use some exercise, the domesticated life is starting
to soften me up."

"Well you can use it whenever you want." He said
glancing at Washu.  "As long as it's ok with Little
Washu that is."

"Your welcome to use it anytime you want to.  Just as
long as it isn't in the middle of the night and you
wake me up."
"Well I don't know about everyone else, but I'm going
to take a bath before breakfast."

        Brian walks out of the lab and heads up the stairs
toward Tenchi's room.  He rummages through his bags
and finds some clean clothing and heads off toward the
onsen.  During his walk there he contemplates on the
current events and what he would do next if he
survives the on coming battle.

        *I hope Washu's invention can help me get stronger
than those two monsters.  I don't want anything to
happen to these people, they're kind and gentle, just
like the people were on Veloptia.  I'm sure that
Elizabeth would want me to help these people, I just
wish I could have saved her as well. *

        While Brian was off to the onsen, the rest of the
household was in the house getting ready to eat
breakfast.  While everyone was off doing something,
Ryoko was checking out Washu's gravity enhancer room.
She scanned the room to gather in her surroundings.
She then looked at the control panel on the wall.

* Hmmm, this doesn't look to difficult to use, all I
have to do is enter what I want and it'll do the rest.
 Well I guess I'll start off a little light, so I'll
set it to 5 times normal gravity. *

She types in the gravity she wants the room set on.
She almost immediately feels heavy, barely able to
stand normally.  She spreads her stance out to give
her more balance, while gritting her teeth trying to
straighten her back.

* Wow, this is intense.  I was watching Brian in here
throwing kicks and punches in a blur and it was twice
as heavy as this.  I can do this, this is easy, I'll
show everyone that I can do just as well as Brian can.
 *

        Ryoko begins throwing punches, feeling the weight
bearing down on her arms, made her punches slower than
usual.  Within several punches her arms begin to feel
tired, it felt like a constant strain on her arms,
like lifting a weight and holding it there for several
minutes.  Finally her arms and legs seemed to be
begging her to stop it, so deciding she's done enough
for now she heads over to the control panel on the
wall.  After turning it off she wipes the sweat from
her forehead and realizes how much of a workout it
gave her from the hurt in her arms and legs.

"Geez, this thing can really wear you out in no time.
I guess I'll have to take a bath before breakfast.  I
have enough time for a quick dip."

        Back at the onsen, Brian was sitting in the water
feeling the warmth of the water massage his muscles.
He had his head laying on the edge of the pool with
his eyes closed.
*  Wow, this is really relaxing, I think I could stay
in here for the whole day if I could.  But I'd better
get out if I wanna eat breakfast, with the others.  *
        As Brian was getting dried off, he heard a splash
behind him.  He turned around to see someone under the
water, but wasn't able to make out who it was.
Suddenly he sees a cyan haired individual immerge from
under the water with her back to him.  She had her
back to him, but he could tell that she wasn't wearing
anything.  She stretched her arms over her head, which
added to the curvature of her body.  Brian felt
something wet on his lips, he snapped out of his stare
and wiped his mouth off with his hand.  Upon looking
at his hand he realized that it was blood, he was
getting a nosebleed.
* This isn't right, I shouldn't be in here watching
her bathe.  I gotta get outta here without her knowing
I was watching her.  *
        He started to sneak out of the bath and Ryoko turned
around due to some sound coming from behind her.  She
looked up to see Brian slowly walking toward the door,
she couldn't figure out why he was sneaking out the
door.  Suddenly she developed a sinister grin.
* Ohh, it appears someone was spying on me, well I
guess I'm going to have to teach him a lesson.  *
        Brian was about to reach the door when suddenly he
feels a hand on his right shoulder.  He turns around
to see Ryoko standing behind him, still with nothing
on.  He felt every muscle in his body tense and it was
taking every ounce of willpower to just look at her
face and nothing more.

"Well, it appears someone was watching me in here.
What do you think I should do?"

"Ohh, Ryoko. . .um I wasn't watching you, I was just
finished taking a bath and I heard you jump into the
pool.  I was just about to head out the door, I wasn't
watching you, honest."

"Oh, So what are you saying then I'm ugly?" she said
with a tiny grin.

"Umm. . .No, your far from ugly Ryoko, I just don't
feel comfortable talking to you like this."

"Well then why have you been in here longer than it
would have taken you to walk out then? I've been in
here for about two minutes."

"I'm sorry Ryoko I was just having to finish drying
off before I went back to the house.  I'll leave you
alone now."

"You might as well wait for me to get dried, I'm going
to go eat breakfast too you know."

"Alright."

        Brian turned around in order for Ryoko to dry off and
then she phased into her clothes.  As they walked
back, Ryoko couldn't help but smile due to Brian
looking so embarrassed about what happened in there.
When they arrived back at the house, breakfast was
being served.
        At breakfast everyone was eating, Tenchi was wedged
in between both Ryoko and Ayeka next to Ayeka was
Washu and across from Washu was Brian.  Brian couldn't
help but notice that Washu glanced at him from time to
time with a slight smile on her face.  He couldn't
figure out why she kept smiling at him.

"So Brian how was the bath?" Washu asked with the same
smile.

        It was at that question when Brian suddenly realized
why she was smiling at him.  He had forgotten that
Ryoko and her share a mental link with one another.
Was she listening in when he and Ryoko were at the
bath?

"Uhh, it was very refreshing little Washu."

"I bet it was."  She replied with a slightly larger
smile.

        Ryoko took notice of Washu's antics and the look on
Brian's face and decided to intervene.

* Washu cut it out.  I gave him enough of a scare
today, so don't embarrass him in front of everyone.
*  Ryoko communicated through their telepathic link.

Washu turned her attention away from Brian and looked
to her daughter.

* Don't worry Ryoko, I was just playing with him.
Just because your starting to like him doesn't mean
you have to be protective of him. *

* What do you mean I'm just starting to like him, I
think he's a good friend. *

*Are you sure he's just a friend to you?  If I got as
close to him as you did a few night's ago, I would
have made him my boyfriend on the spot. *  Washu
develops a wide grin.  *  After all you have to admit,
the man is CUTE!!   And it seems we're not the only
ones who've taken notice of him. *  Washu finishes
while glancing over toward Tenchi.

        Ryoko follows her mother's eyes and notices Ayeka
looking at Brian.  Ayeka notices Ryoko and Washu
looking at her and diverts her attention back to
Tenchi.  Ryoko then looks back at Washu and her mother
just sits there smiling.

        After breakfast Ayeka goes to tend to the garden.
After a few minutes, Ayeka looks up from the garden
and notices Brian practicing with a bokken.  She
watches him move with the sword gracefully.  Making it
seem he and the sword are in a beautiful dance,
becoming one.  She watches in awe seeing him jump into
the air, twisting counter clockwise with the sword
sticking out.  Making him appear like a tornado rising
into the air.
        After a few minutes Brian was finishing his bokken
practice and he noticed Ayeka walking toward him.  She
had a glass of ice tea and appeared to be bringing it
to him.

"Here you are Brian, I saw you practicing and thought
you might be thirsty."

"Oh, Thank you Ayeka, that's very kind of you.  I was
just thinking of getting some water."

"I couldn't help but notice you had some fighting
techniques similar to Yosho's."

"Yes, I did learn a few things from your brother a
long time ago, and so I adapted my technique's with
his."

"So Brian after all of this is finally over, what are
you going to do?"

"It's funny you should ask that question, I've been
wondering that myself.  I guess I'll have to settle
down somewhere and get a job or something."

"Well, your always welcome to stay here if you'd like.
 I'm sure Lord Tenchi and the others would love to
have you stay."

"That would be a generous offer, but I would feel like
being to much of a burden.  I'm sure Mr. Masaki has
enough trouble making enough money for everyone as it
is now."

"Well then after everything is finished, we could get
jobs and help by pulling our own weight around."

"Perhaps, but I don't know if I would be able to fit
in on this world."

"I think that you could do just fine here.  We'll all
be here to help give you support if you ever need it.
That is if we're able to stop those monsters from
hurting anyone in a few months." She added grimly.

Brian pulls Ayeka around and holds her by her
shoulders and looks her in the eyes.  "Ayeka I promise
that I'll do everything in my power to keep them from
hurting any one of you."

"I know you will, but one can't help but worry about
an approaching battle."

        As Brian was still holding her, he couldn't help but
realize that she was shaking in his grasp.  Realizing
that she felt uncomfortable he slowly let go of her
and took a step back to give her some space.
        When Ayeka was in Brian's embrace she couldn't help
but remember her dream.
* It was just like the dream, I was scared, yet
excited at the same time.  It doesn't feel right, lord
Tenchi and I are meant to be together, so why am I
doing this. *

"Excuse me Brian, I'm going to see if Sasami needs
help with anything in the house."

"Alright, thank you again for the tea Ayeka."

        Later in the day Ryoko asks Brian if he would spar
with her, in order for her to see where she stands.
Brian was hesitant at first, but after Ryoko kept
pleading with him he finally gave in.  They decided to
spar in the back of the house, in order to have plenty
of room to maneuver.

"Ok Ryoko I want you to attack me so I can judge your
strength and speed."

"Alright. Do you want me to attack with or without my
energy sword?"

"Your what?!"

"My energy sword. Here I'll show you." As she
finishes, she forms a red energy ball in her hands.
She grasps her hand around it and forms it into a red
sword.

"Wow, that's pretty neat! Yeah you can attack with it
if you want to."

        With that, Ryoko lunged at him with her sword.  Brian
was able to get out of the way, despite the fact Ryoko
attacked earlier than expected.  Ryoko continue her
assault upon Brian with a fury of sword swings.
Seeing Brian dodging her attacks with her sword
convinced Ryoko to try a different approach.
        She formed the sword back into a ball and hurled it
at Brian.  He was able to quickly smack it away. She
jumps into the air unleashing an energy barrage at
Brian, who was able to evade by flying away from the
blasts.
"Not bad Ryoko, now let's see if you can hit me."

"Huh, just watch me."

        Ryoko unleashes a mighty battle cry, charging
straight at Brian.  She starts throwing punches as
fast as her arms would allow her, and Brian does a
good job blocking her attacks.
*I think it's time I gave Brian a run for his money.
*
        Upon thinking this, Ryoko flies back a couple of feet
and splits into two.  Both Ryoko's lunge in to attack
Brian at once and to her amazement, Brian is able to
handle both of their attacks.
"Hehe, That's pretty good little girl, but not good
enough."
        He grabs one Ryoko's fist and the others leg, spins
around and tosses each of them ten feet back.
* I got to remember to be gentle with her, I don't
want to hurt her.  So I've gotta stay under control,
can't get too into this fight. *

"Hey Ryoko hold up a second.  I want you to tell me if
I get too ruff."

"I don't want you to take it easy on me.  I need to
become as strong as you are to help you."

"Alright, but if you get hurt I'm stopping the fight,
agreed?"

"Agreed."

        The three race at each other continuing their mock
battle. While they battle, they were being watched,
via security camera.  A certain red-haired scientist
is watching them spare with interest and amusement.
"Well it looks like those two are getting along.
Their doing a good job getting ready for this
on-coming battle, as am I."
        She turns her attention back to her current project.
It appears to be some type of tank with some liquid
inside of it.  There are many hoses and wires attached
to the bottom of the tank along the floor.

*It'll be finished soon then I'll be able to test it
out.  Of course there's only one way to test it out
completely, but. . .I hope he'll understand. *

*   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 *   *   *   *   *   *

        Meanwhile in the depths of space, two horrible beings
are making their way across the vast sea of space.
Dreaming their dreams of death and destruction in
suspended animation.  The two ships make their way
toward their next scheduled stop along the way to
Earth.  Soon to be another planet to fall under their
evil hands, in order for them to become stronger.
They live their lives according to the Sayajin ways,
survival of the fittest.  They see no wrong in the
ways that they live and don't think a second thought
about the people they destroy.  And soon enough they
will bring their terror to Earth and most likely kill
everyone on that planet as well.

*   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 *   *   *   *   *   *

        Back on Earth, Tenchi and his grandfather are
practicing their sword techniques in order to be
prepared for when the Sayajins arrive.  As they are
both practicing, Tenchi begins to wonder if it is
really worth the effort for him to train.  Seeing what
Brian was able to do, would Tenchi really be able to
make any difference in what happens in the battle?
Sure he had the Light Hawk Wings, but would they work
going against a Sayajin?  Maybe he would get his
answer by asking Brian.

"Grandpa I was wondering if we could cut practice
short today, I needed to ask Brian something?"

"Very well Tenchi, but I expect you to train twice as
hard tomorrow in order for you to make up for the lost
time."

"Thank you Grandpa."

        Tenchi heard Ryoko and Brian practicing while he and
grandpa were practicing.  When he first heard the
explosions he thought it was Ryoko and Ayeka going at
it again.  But his grandfather was able to tell him
that it was Ryoko and Brian fighting, even though they
couldn't see them visually.
*  I wonder how grandpa could tell if it was Ryoko and
Brian, and not Ryoko and Ayeka.  Sometimes I wonder if
I'll ever be able to figure grandpa out.  *
        As Tenchi was approaching the area he heard the
explosions come from he saw that it was Ryoko and
Brian.  It looked like they were taking a break from
fighting; Ryoko looked a little ruffed up.  Her hair
was spread further apart from her spikes than usual
and some places on her clothing were torn.  Brian was
in better condition than Ryoko was.  His hair was a
little ruffed up too and his clothing had a few tares
here and there.  When Tenchi came into hearing
distance, he heard Brian giving fighting tips to
Ryoko.

"So if you close your arms closer together, it makes
for less of a target for someone to hit you."

"Ok, I just keep my arms closer together.  Wow, thanks
for the tips Brian."

"Sure, no problem."

        It was then that they noticed Tenchi approaching
them.  They greeted him and started telling him about
their fight.  During their talk to Tenchi, he noticed
that Ryoko wasn't clinging on to him like she usually
does.  In fact she was standing in between the two,
behaving herself.

"Hey Brian I was wondering, do you think me and you
could spar to see if I could help beat those Sayajins
that are coming here."

"Yeah I guess we could, but unless you have some type
of hidden power I don't think you'll be able to do
much.  No offense."

"I'm not offended, but I do have the light hawk
wings."

"Huh?"

"Oh that's right.  Tenchi can form the light hawk
wings, it's kind of a long story."  She finished
smiling at Tenchi.

"Ok, well I guess it could help protect you, if it's
the same thing as on a Jurian ship."

"It's kind of like that, I was wanting to know if
you'll help me test it out against you?"

"So you're wanting me to try to blast you?  Even
though you don't know if it'll work or not."

"Well I guess I never thought of it that way, but
yes."  Tenchi said worriedly.
"I don't know about you Tenchi, but I'd like to know
if it would at least work or not, before staking my
life on it.  So why don't we ask Washu if it will
work?  After all she is the local genius around here."

"Yeah I guess your right, we should talk to Washu and
see what she thinks first."

"I thought you'd agree."  Brian stated with a smile.

        As they return to the house Sasami and Ayeka are busy
making dinner. As they are walking toward Washu's lab
Ryoko notices something seems to be troubling Ayeka.
So she tells Brian and Tenchi that she'll help the
others in the kitchen, while they talk to Washu.
Brian and Tenchi get a look of confusion on their
faces, Ryoko never wants to help with the chores.
Deciding it's best not to ask, they continue into
Washu's lab without Ryoko.
        Upon entering Washu's lab, they see Washu sitting in
front of some kind of tank.  She has her back to them
typing away at her keyboard.  As they got closer she
turns around to see them.

"Oh hey Tenchi, . . .Brian."

"Hi Little Washu, your not too busy right now are
you?"

"No, not at all Tenchi.  In fact I'm glad you two are
here, I needed to ask you something."

"Wow, isn't that weird, we wanted to ask you a
question too."

"Well why don't you two ask your question first."

"Alright.  I was wondering, do you know if the light
hawk wings can do any good against the two sayajins
that are coming?"

"Hmmm, perhaps, but you don't know how to control it
yet do you?"

"Well, no not really, I guess I'll have to practice
forming them."

"I believe that would be the best course of action for
you to take now Tenchi."

"Thank you little Washu, now what was your question?"

"Actually Tenchi my question was for Brian.  I'd like
to talk to him in private please."  Brian looked a
little nervous after asking for privacy with him.

"Alright, I guess I'll be going now."  Tenchi quickly
left her lab, not wanting to be caught up in whatever
Washu was going to do.

        As Tenchi left, Brian was feeling a bit on edge about
being alone with Washu in her lab.  Washu turned
around in her chair with her back to Brian.  She
wasn't typing anything in her computer; it looked like
she was in deep thought.  He took notice of the tank
in front of Washu and started to ask her what it was,
then she spoke.

"Brian I need to know this." She looks at him shaky.
"Do you trust me?"

Brian was a little surprised at her question and
scared at the same time.
"Well. . .Yeah, I trust you Washu, why do you ask?"
Washu lowered her head. "Brian I want to say that,
I've grown to like you over the time you've been here.
  I. . .have come to see you as a good friend, one day
perhaps maybe more.  I also want to say that I
appreciate what you did for Ryoko, I cannot thank you
enough.  With all of that it makes this one of the
hardest things I've had to do."

"What's wrong Washu?" After asking his question Washu
turns to face the tank.

"What I'm trying to say Brian, is that I care for you.
 And I don't want to see you get hurt.  So I've made
this machine here, it's a regeneration tank.  I was
able to make it using the samples I collected from
you.   So in case you get hurt badly in the fight, I
can theoretically heal you in this machine."

"Uhh, Theoretically?"

"Well you see I'm not able to be 100% sure that this
works.  I myself would try it out, but I need to
operate the controls on it.  So I guess that would
leave you to test it."

"But this is a Regeneration tank. So wouldn't I have
to be injured in order to test it out?"

"Yes you would." She turns around in her chair holding
the same strange looking gun she had the day they met.

"W. .W. .Washu?"

"I'm sorry Brian, there's no other way." She said in a
hoarse voice.  She had a tear running down her face.
She looked like she was about to completely break down
and cry.  She held the gun out pointing the end at
Brian, the gun shaking being held in Washu's trembling
hand.  And then, just like that, she pulls the trigger
and everything goes dark.

Well I hope someone is out there enjoying this story.
I'm not sure if anyone is reading it, haven't gotten
an e-mail yet so I guess I'll keep working on it.
Anyway thanks for reading this far into my story.