I guess I have to say that I don't own any of the
Tenchi Muyo Characters.  Someone else has the honor of
being able to say I made this show.  I am using the
characters to make my little adventure here.  So don't
sue me, you wouldn't get much of anything out of me.

I would also like to add that I would love to get an
e-mail about this fic.  My fic has been on the
internet for everyone to read for a little while now
and I haven't gotten one e-mail yet.  So I guess I'll
say this as nicely as possible If anyone is reading
this story and enjoys it, PLEASE e-mail me.  Other
wise I'll end this story with the really lousy ending.
Now that I have gotten that out of my system here's
the continuation of my story.

When Worlds Collide: -chapter 6- No need for a Job

"Kobiashi. . .

Kobiashi. . .

We're coming for you Kobiashi."

        Brian stood in total darkness all around him.
Hearing the voices of his once long time friends
turned enemies.  He was looking all around him to see
where their voices were coming from, but couldn't see
anything.

"Brian!"

        He turns to the voice and sees Ryoko being held by
Lazarus.  He sees the fear in Ryoko's eyes as Lazarus
has a tight grip on the back of her neck.

"Brian, help me please!"

"Lazarus let her go, it's me you want, leave her out
of this."

        Lazarus just smiles. "Well Kobiashi it seems everyone
you care about ends up getting killed."

        Suddenly an energy beam shots through Ryoko's chest
from behind.  Her head flies back from the force of
the impact through her midsection.  Her mouth flies
open, seeming to want to cry out, but blood is the
only thing that comes out.  Lazarus releases his hold
on her and lets her fall to her knees.

"NNNNOOOOOOO!"  He feels rage overcome his senses and
charges at Lazarus.  As he approaches, Ryoko falls
face down to the ground and Lazarus disappears.  He
stops when he reaches Ryoko's fallen body.  He kneels
down and turns her over.

"Ryoko?"

She slowly opens her eyes, seeming to look past him.
"Brian. . ."  Then her head falls back and her body
goes limp.

"Ryoko?  Ryoko?!  RYOKO!!"

The only sound that Brian is able to hear now is the
laughter of the two monsters.  He tries, almost in a
blinding rage to try to locate where they are, but
cannot sense them.

"Brian!"

        He glances over his left shoulder and sees Ayeka and
Sasami running toward him.

"Watch yourselves! Damen and Lazarus are around here
somewhere."

        Before he can finish warning them, Damen appears
behind Ayeka.  He grabs her by her hair and pulls her
back to him.  And in one fluent motion he grabs her by
the head and violently twists it.  Brian standing 10
feet away hears a loud stomach-churning crack.  As
Ayeka's body is falling to the ground, Brian runs
toward Sasami, who is running toward him.  Damen
extends his hand and shoots an energy ball at Sasami.

"Briiaaaannn!" was all she could say before the ball
engulfed her and the resulting explosion knocked Brian
back.  To Brian he seemed to fly back for an eternity,
before he finally hit something, but it wasn't solid
ground.  He landed in water, he quickly started to
swim to the surface after recovering from the shell
shock of the blast.  Upon regaining his senses he
noticed the water had a salty taste to it.  Did he get
blasted all the way into the ocean?  When he reached
the surface, he was able to see his surroundings.
What he saw scared him straight into the depths of his
soul.

* This isn't salt water this is. . .  *

"Blood." He spoke aloud.

        He was swimming in blood.  He saw the bodies of
Washu, Tenchi, and Yosho floating face down. Even
Ryo-oh-ki's lifeless body was floating in this ocean
of blood beside him.

"No! This can't be happening!"

        Suddenly a huge wave comes up and crashes down onto
Brian, plummeting him deep under the surface.  He
becomes so turned around he can't tell which way was
up.  He was quickly running out of air and couldn't
tell which direction to go in.  Just as suddenly as
the wave came, he heard Damen and Lazarus's laughter.
He felt the anger for the deaths of his friends grow
again; it was maddening, so the only thing he could do
was let out a deafening scream.  But under the blood
it was muffled out to just a bunch of air bubbles and
a slight noise.

        As he reopened his eyes he found himself in what
appeared to be in the tank that Washu had made.  He
had an oxygen mask on his face, allowing him to
breathe.
* It must have been a dream.  A horrible nightmare.
I'm so worried about failing to protect everyone that
it might end up happening.  Well I'm not going to let
it happen.  I will stop them anyway I can, I won't let
that dream become a reality.  *

        After a few minutes the water in the tank began to
drain away.  Within 10 seconds the tank was drained
and Brian could clearly see outside of the tank.  The
glass in front of him slides open telling him that it
was all right for him to leave.  He removes the mask
and slowly stands up.  He checks himself over, he
thought he remembers Washu shooting him in the
shoulder, but is unable to find any wound.  He didn't
even see any type of scare; it looked like nothing had
happened.
        As he walked out of the tube he saw Washu sitting at
the control panel for the tank.  She quickly glanced
at him and then continued typing on her computer.
Brian felt a little angry toward her for shooting him
without his permission.  He knew she meant it when she
said she was starting to like him, thanks to his
psychic abilities.  So he could understand that it was
a hard thing for her to do, he could sense she was
worried about him being angry with her.  It's not that
he hated her, but you don't exactly go up to someone
who shots you and say thank you.
        He walked up beside her and didn't say anything.  She
seemed to try to keep typing on the computer, but
Brian could tell she wasn't able to concentrate on
anything but him being angry with her.  He could feel
her discomfort, it was also affecting her typing
skills too.
        He decided to show her that there were no hard
feelings.  He placed his hand on her left shoulder.
She stopped typing almost immediately at his touch.
Her computer disappeared and she turned her head away
from him.
"Washu?"

". . . ."

"Washu.  Look I appreciate your concern for me by
building this machine.  It might come in handy for the
fight and all, but I'd appreciate it if you let me
decide to get injured or not, ok."

        Washu turned her head to face Brian and tears were
streaming down her small face.  Brian never liked
seeing anyone cry, so he took his hand and gently
wiped the tears off of her face.

"Hey, don't cry Washu.  I don't hate you for being
worried about me, but I have to admit you have a
strange way of showing your love for someone." He
finished smiling.

        Brian's attempt to cheer her up seemed to work by
getting a small laugh out of Washu.

"Yeah. I guess that would explain why I don't have
anyone close to me, I end up shooting them." She was
able to finish laughing.

        After Washu apologized for the hundredth time and
promised to never do anything like that to him again,
they decided to get some dinner.  Brian had only spent
about two hours in the regeneration tank, so they were
able to make it to dinner on time.
        Brian agreed with Washu to not tell anyone what
happened in her lab after Tenchi left.  She told Brian
if anyone asked she would tell them she just ran a few
tests on Brian.  However, when Ayeka and Ryoko asked
her what took them so long, she told them that Brian
was her new boyfriend.  She changed into her adult
form and walked over to Brian and hugged his arm and
rested her head on his shoulder.  Brian just looked at
Washu in total confusion, until he looked at Ryoko and
Ayeka and noticed they were looking angrily at Washu.

"Hey Washu stop teasing them, they've been getting
along so nicely now.  Besides, I don't think Tenchi
wants to make repairs to the house anytime soon."

"Alright I'll behave.  Girls nothing happened between
me and Brian, I just had to run some tests on him.  It
took longer than I thought it would, that's why we
took so long in the lab. Ok."

        The girls didn't say anything to reply to her antics,
they just gave her a look and went back to getting
dinner.  During dinner, Noboyuki came home and joined
the others for dinner.  Noboyuki didn't seem too
cheerful; he seemed to be deep in thought.  Everyone
at the table took notice of Noboyuki's behavior.
Finally Tenchi asked his father what was troubling
him.

"Well Tenchi, you see I'm having some problems with
the bills and I'm not due to get my promotion at work
for some time now.  Which means that we will have to
cut down on some things in order to keep up with the
bills."

"Well we could go get part time jobs to help out."
Brian added to the conversation.

"Hey that's a great idea Brian."

"Actually it was more Ayeka's idea, Tenchi."  He
finished winking at Ayeka.

"So what, that means you and Ayeka are going to get a
job?"  Ryoko asked.

"Actually I would say all of us are going to get a job
Ryoko.  But there would have to be a couple of us to
stay here and keep up with all the chores."

"So that means you'll have to work one way or the
other Ryoko."  Ayeka added.

"Well I'm not going to be a part of that plan."

        Brian got out of his chair and grabbed Ryoko by the
arm. "I want to talk with you." He whispered into her
ear.  He led her into the living room to talk with her
alone.

"Ryoko, do you like Tenchi?  I mean would you do
anything to make him happy?"

"Yeah of course I would.  I would do anything for
Tenchi."

"Well if you do this you'll get on his good side and
maybe that would help him see you mean well.  If you
know what I'm getting at."

She smiles. "Yeah I know what you're getting at.
Thank you." She leans forward and gives Brian a quick
kiss on the lips.  This causes Brian to turn red a
little.

"Hey everyone, I've decided I'll help out with the job
search after all."

"Hey that's great Ryoko. Thank you."  Tenchi said.

"No problem Tenchi."

"Well I suggest we all get a good nights sleep and
tomorrow we'll look for some work."

"Thanks for the advice Brian."  Ryoko says winking at
him.

"Well I'm going to call it a night.  Good night
everyone."

"Goodnight Brian."  Everyone answered.

        The next day started off just as normal as things are
at the Masaki household.  Sasami was up earlier than
anyone else fixing breakfast as usual.  Everyone was
up at around 8:00, mentally getting themselves ready
for searching for a job.  Although it's easy to work
at a job, finding an available position for work is a
whole other job in itself.
        At breakfast everyone discussed who would look for a
job and who would do the chores at the house.  In the
end the only people to look for a job was Ayeka,
Ryoko, Washu (Who took convincing), and Brian.  Sasami
and Tenchi were the ones to do the chores at the
house.  It was decided that they search for a job in
Tokyo, seeing as how busy it is there and demand for
work is almost always a must.
        Instead of taking a bus, which would have taken most
of the day, everyone went into Washu's lab to try one
of her latest inventions.  She had recently made a
teleporter that would allow them to be teleported to
Tokyo.   She explained how it worked.

"You see this machine splits your genes into billions
of particles and transmits your particles to whatever
coordinates you type in for your destination.  Then
you are pieced back together as if nothing happened at
all."

The others were a little skeptical of trying out
Washu's invention. The fact that they're split up into
billions of pieces doesn't settle down with them.

"Uh, Little Washu, do you think you could show us how
it works first?" Brian bravely asked her.

"Well alright, I can't believe that all of you have
doubts about the greatest scientific mind of the
universe.  I almost never make any mistakes."

She places a dummy that looks like Washu in place.
She types a few keys on the panel for the controls.
"Alright everyone look behind you and you'll see the
dummy appear in one piece."

        Everyone turns around waiting to see if the dummy
would appear unharmed.  A humming noise is heard from
behind them, indicating that the process had begun.  A
bright light flashes behind everyone, suddenly a
bright flash of light appears in front of them.
Everyone covers their eyes until the light disappears.
 Then everyone looks at the dummy to see if the test
was a success.

"WWWWHHHHHAAAAAAATTT!!"  Is Washu's reaction upon
looking at the heap on the ground that was the dummy.

        The dummy had a leg where the head was supposed to
be, an arm on a leg, and the dummies head was were the
left arm would have been.  Aside from all of that, the
dummy was charred beyond recognition.  Everyone looked
at Washu.

"Hey, I said I ALMOST never make any mistakes. I guess
we could just go with taking the bus." She recovered.

"I guess I could instant transmit all of us there if
you want to."

"You could take us all at once?"  Ayeka inquired.

"Yeah sure I can.  When I need to get somewhere fast,
I use the instant transmission technique all the
time."

"Well let's get going then."  Ryoko added.

"Alright next stop Tokyo!" Brian but his two
forefingers onto his forehead and the group
disappears.

*   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 *   *   *   *   *   *

        Meanwhile in a nearby galaxy, there is a planet that
is populated much like Earth.  The people on this
planet go to work, have wars, and have their own
problems to deal with.  People walking in the streets,
children playing and being content and joyful.  It is
a peaceful time on their world, a peace that has
lasted for nearly a 1,000 years.  Today however was
going to be different.
        In a quiet countryside there is a farm where a family
is doing their daily routines to make ends meet.  The
son of this family is currently chopping up wood for
firewood.  His father is out in the fields tending to
the crops and his mother is inside washing the dishes.
 The boys mother finishes with cleaning the house and
walks outside to tell her son to feed the chickens.

"Alan, you need to feed the chickens again before you
come in."

"Ok mom, I'll feed them in a few minutes."

"You tell your father that he needs to get the truck
fixed, I need to run into town the day after tomorrow
and get some more groceries."

"Alright mom."

        As she goes back inside, Alan returns to chopping the
wood and wishes to himself that just for once
something exciting would happen.  The only excitement
he ever gets anymore is to chase one of the chickens
that get out of the pen.  After breaking a couple more
pieces of wood, Alan puts the axe down and wipes the
sweat from his forehead.  As he wipes his forehead, he
catches something out of the corner above his eyes.
He looks up and sees two red stars in the sky.

*  What's that?  It looks like a couple of stars, but
it's daytime, so why are there two stars shining?  *

        He noticed that the stars seemed to be getting
brighter and larger.  He realized that they weren't
growing, they're falling.  The two objects continued
to get bigger, thereby scaring the young farmer.  He
watched as the objects hit the ground behind a hill
two miles away from where he was standing.

*Oh wow it looks like I'm actually going to get some
excitement after all.  *

        Alan's mother opens the door and walks out startled.
"Alan what in the world is going on out here?!"

"Mom there were a couple of meteors that crashed over
the hill over there."  He finished pointing the hill
with all the dirt tossed into the air.

"I'll go get paw and we'll go check the area."

"I want you two to be careful over there, no telling
what hit over there."

"Don't worry mom, it's just a couple of space rocks."

        He and his father were in the car and pulled up near
one of the craters the meteors made.  There was still
smoke coming out of the crater and small fires were
around here and there.  The fires were small tiny
ones, nothing to be concerned about a fire starting
from them.  As they approached the two craters, Alan
noticed that there were rocks thrown all around the
craters.

* Boy these things really kicked up some ground when
they hit, wait till I tell Earl about this.  *

        Alan reframed himself from venturing off into his
imagination, thinking of how jealous his friends will
be for this.  He and his father walked up to the edge
of one of the craters and tried to get a better look.
The smoke was starting to settle so they could see
better with every second that passes.  As the smoke
was clearing Alan could make out something at the
bottom of the crater.  As the smoke continued to
clear, he could make out a spherical shape to the
rock.  It was almost a perfect sphere.

* What is this?  This isn't any normal meteor, it's to
perfectly round.  This could be trouble.  *

"Hey dad, maybe we should go back and call someone to
come out here with us.  Something isn't right with
this.  I've got a bad feeling."

        After finishing his talk to his father, the smoke
finally clears and a space pod is now clearly visible.

"You know I think your right son.  Maybe we should go
call someone about this."

        Suddenly a door opens up from the side of the sphere.
 The two farmers are able to make out some movement
inside of the craft and fear starts to overcome them.
A leather covered hand grabs the side of the pod from
the inside and the two watching begin to tremble.
They continue watching as someone comes more into view
and looks scarier by the seconds.  They see a dark
haired man who looks like a cross between an punk
rocker and Nosferatu mixed together.  The man stood up
completely and from the angle they were looking at him
from, they could tell he was taller than they were.
He had a black cape and had shoulderpads with small
spikes out of the sides of the pads.  It appeared that
he had some type of device on his right ear that
covered his right eye with a red lens on it.
        He looks up at the two farmers with a slight smirk.
To the two farmer's amazement he begins to float up
out of the crater and becomes face to face with them.
He lands a couple of feet from in front of them.
Another man rises up out of the second crater like the
first guy.  He is wearing some type of leather jacket
and has orange-like hair.  He was also wearing a
device that covered his right ear and eye.  He lands
to the left of them, his face written with a scary
smirk of his own.
         Instinctively the two farmers could tell that they
weren't going to ask them to take them to their
leader.  They knew they should get out of there now,
but their legs didn't seem to be able to respond to
their brains commands.

"Well hello there.  I hope we're not trespassing on
private property.  We would just hate to be causing
trouble."  Damen said in a plain voice.

"No, it's not private property. . .no. . .no trouble
at all really." Alan's father finished adding a small
forced laugh.

"No I think your wrong.  I believe that there is
trouble.  What do you think Lazarus?"

Lazarus grins. "Definitely."

"Why don't you two stay here and we'll go get some
people out here and they'll give you a tour of the
planet." Alan said shakily.

"We're not tourists, we're just passing through,
looking for some fun."  Lazarus said.

"Well there's nothing to do around here for fun,
believe me.  Ah You'd want to go to the city for some
fun, the closest one is 30 miles that way."  Alan
finished pointing west.

"Well that depends on your definition of fun."  Damen
replied in a cold voice.

        Damen's comment sent a chilling surge down Alan's
back.  He was definitely getting the clue that these
guys were looking for trouble.  And it looks like Alan
and his father were the ones to find it.

"What . .do you mean. .your definition of fun?" Alan's
father asked nervously.

"It would be this. . ." Lazarus stated.

        Lazarus grabbed the farmer and Alan watched in horror
as Lazarus's right fist went right through his
father's midsection.  Alan was standing behind his
father and saw Lazarus's fist come out of his back;
some of his father's blood hit Alan.  Seeing his
father impaled on an alien being's fist sent the young
farmer into complete shock.  He could do nothing but
watch the creature's fist pull out of his father's
back just as quickly as it went through.
        Damen was watching Alan's reaction the whole time and
was enjoying every second of it.  As Lazarus shakes
the blood off of his hand, he gives a menacing look to
Alan.  Alan knows that his time is numbered and he had
better get out of there now.  He begins to step back
and trips over a rock and lands on his back.  He looks
up to see the alien in the black cape standing over
him.  He extends his left hand toward Alan.

*  Oh man, I take it back I want to be bored out of my
mind.  *

        A small white ball forms in Damen's hand and Alan
starts pleading with him.

"Why are you doing this?! Please don't kill me!  I'll
do whatever you want!"

"Then die."  The ball flies from his hand and engulfs
Alan's figure.

"NNNOOOOOOOOO. . ."  Alan's last cry is cut short.
His body completely incinerated in a few seconds.

"What a pathetic pair.  I sure hope there is going to
be some challenge on this world Damen."

"I'm sure something will come to peak our interest
Lazarus.  So be patient.  After we're finished here
we'll continue our journey to Earth and kill
Kobiashi's friend.  But then again why stop there;
let's just kill the whole planet while we're at it.
What do you say?"

"Hehe, sounds good to me."

*   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 *   *   *   *   *   *
        At the end of the day the group returned to the
house.  It wasn't a good start for any of them.  Brian
and Ryoko both got a job at a pizza restaurant.  Brian
made the pizzas and Ryoko delivered them.  The job
started out pretty easy to them at first, and then the
orders really started to come in.  Ryoko was
constantly going to and from orders to deliver that
Brian was unable to even say hello to her.  Things got
worse when Brian was tossing up the pizza dough and he
misjudged his strength and tossed the pizza dough
threw the roof.  To make matters worse for Ryoko,
customers were calling back to complain about their
orders missing a few slices of pizza.  At the end of
the day, both of them were fired.
        Ayeka and Washu both got a job working at a beauty
parlor.  Ayeka helped with the hairstyling and Washu
worked with the hairdryers.  It was going pretty well
for the two, but like Brian and Ryoko, things got
worse.  Ayeka started styling the women's hair like on
Jurai, instead of the way they wanted their hair to
look like.  Washu took the liberty of fixing the hair
dryers to make them work twice as fast, unfortunately
it ended up catching some women's hair on fire.  So
like Brian and Ryoko's day, they too were fired.

"I can't believe we all were fired on the first day of
the job."  Ayeka complained when they returned to the
house.

"Yeah, really I didn't do much of anything to get
fired.  How was I supposed to know the dryers would
catch people's hair on fire."  Washu commented.

"I guess we'll have to look some more tomorrow.  I
happened to get a newspaper before transmitting us
back; maybe we'll find something in it for us to try
tomorrow."

"Good luck finding a job that the universe's most
weird group can handle."  Ryoko added.

"I'm sure something will come our way that we can do.
So maybe tomorrow will go better."

"Well I guess it couldn't get any worse."  Washu
stated.

        As everyone went to bed, Brian was still awake in
Tenchi's bedroom with a small light on.  He was
looking through the newspaper he brought back with him
from Tokyo.

* There has to be a job in here that we can do.  *

        Brian continued to look through the paper and was
just about to give up for the night when something
caught his eye.  He started reading an ad and his
morbid curiosity took over.  As Brian continued to
read, he developed a grin that one would usually see
on Washu's face before a breakthrough.

*Ohh, this is almost too good to wait until morning to
share with someone.  Maybe I should show this to Washu
and see what she would think.  *

        Brian decided to tell Washu his discovery, not
wanting to wake anyone up.  He went to Washu's lab not
really worried about waking her up, knowing her she
was probably awake working on something. As he entered
her lab, he discovered his assumption was correct.
She was sitting on her floating futon typing away at
her holotop computer.

"Catching up on lost time Washu?"
"Oh Hello Brian, I didn't here you come in.  Did you
need anything?"

"No I didn't need anything, I just wanted to show you
something I found upstairs.  Take a look at this and
tell me if you think we could do something like that."

        He hands Washu the newspaper and the scientist looks
at the page he had it open to.  She looks at the side
that was face up when he handed her and flipped it
over thinking it was on the wrong side.

"No Washu it was on the right side when you got it."

Washu's face went to disbelief.  "What?  You mean you
want to try this?"

"Well I was thinking maybe all of us could give it a
try."

"I don't know about this Brian, this isn't the type of
thing the greatest scientific genius of the universe
would do."

"Ah come on Washu, it'll be fun, I'm sure Ryoko would
want to do that too."

"Do you think Ayeka would want to give this a try?"

"I'm not sure if she'd go along with it or not.  We
could ask her, but it would probably be too many
people with her involved too."

"Well I guess you want to ask me to make some of the
supplies we'll need for this."

"If you wouldn't mind Little Washu."

"No it's not a problem Brian, I'll get working on it
right now."

"Thank you.  Good night Washu."

"Good night Brian."

I want to say thank you for reading my story and hope
to be finished with the next chapter soon enough.  I
realize that my story is a little melodramatic and
needs a little more humor in it.  So hopefully I'll be
able to make up for the lack of humor in the next
chapter.