 Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Tenchi Muyo characters.  I am only using 
them to write this story for fun. So please don't sue me.
	Also this is my first attempt at a Fanfic.  Please send your questions or 
comments to deathgiver2000@yahoo.com

	When World's Collide: No Need for a Confrontation   

	It was a normal day at the Masaki residence.  Aeka and Ryoko were having 
one of their fights over Tenchi, outside and away from the house.   Sasami was 
cooking lunch, Mihoshi and Kiyone were out on patrol and Washu was in her lab.  
Tenchi was the only one not doing his daily routine.  He decided that today he 
would get ahead on his schoolwork, instead of tending to the carrot field.  He 
figured Ryo-ok-ki would have enough carrots left over from yesterday to make due 
for the day. 
	Meanwhile Katsuhito was sweeping the steps to his shrine.  He stopped to 
take in the sights of the beautiful countryside and treasured the silence.  At 
least until he heard an explosion and saw a cloud of smoke in the distance.
	He signs. "Those two again." 
	*Sometimes I wish Tenchi would make up his mind, just to get them to stop 
fighting.  Speaking of Tenchi, he should be coming to practice 
soon. I think I'll sneak attack him today. *
	Suddenly Katsuhito sensed that he was no loner alone. He turns to see a 
tall figure in a brown cloak from head to toe standing five feet away.  The 
figure lifts its head for Katsuhito to get a good look at the man's face 
underneath.  Katsuhito's eyes grew wide behind his spectacles. "It can't be . . 
."

*   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *	

	Tenchi shoved his books to the side.  Satisfied with the amount of work he 
finished he would be able to relax at the house for a couple of days, if that is 
possible.  Tenchi started walking down the hallway when he felt something grab 
him.  He turned to find himself very close to Ryoko.
"Ohh Tenchi, I was just thinking maybe we could go to the onsen and you could 
take me up on my offer."
Tenchi got a look of confusion.
"What offer Ryoko?"
She steps in closer to Tenchi and turns around pressing her back into him
And takes her right hand and strokes Tenchi's face.
"You wash my back and I'll wash yours." She whispers in a seductive voice.
At this time Tenchi turns a peculiar shade of red.
"UUHH . . . come on Ryoko you know how Aeka will react to seeing you do this.  
We don't need to do any remodeling to the house today."
"AAAHH, who cares about that prissy princess!" 
"Come on Ryoko you know I don't like it when you two fight all the time. Why 
can't you two get along with each other?"
"I don't know, all I know is she's a stuck up snob, who treats me like trash."
"Alright we'll talk about this later."
"Where are you going Tenchi?"
"I have to go practice with grandpa today and I don't want to be late."
	As Tenchi runs off, Ryoko is contemplating on what Tenchi said.  
*Now that Tenchi mentions it I don't know why Aeka and I don't get along.
 Maybe I should try talking to her, but only because Tenchi would want me to. 
After reassuring herself that she's doing this only for Tenchi, Ryoko phases 
through Tenchi's bedroom door to think.

*   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *  
	
Tenchi is running up the stairway to the shrine with his bokken in hand
*I really wish those two could get along and stop fighting over me.  I always 
feel like a piece of meat being fought over by two tigers. *  Tenchi finally 
reached the top of the stairway in record time, but stopped dead in his tracks 
before he could congratulate himself.  He looked to see his grandfather lying 
motionless on the ground a few feet from the shrine office.
"Grandpa?!"
  There was no response from his grandfather, Tenchi began to think that this 
was going to be some kind of sneak attack that Katsuhito would try.  Tenchi 
slowly, but steadily approached his grandfather's figure wondering if it was a 
trick or not.  He got his answer sooner that expected.
"I wouldn't worry about him.  You should be more concerned about yourself." 
	Tenchi turned to the source of the voice.  He saw a man around the age of 
25 sitting under a tree.  He had short blonde hair, baggy blue jeans, and a 
plain black tee shirt.  The man was also well built as far as Tenchi could see 
from the muscles on his arms were huge.  There was also a brown cloak hanging 
from a tree branch just about him.
"Who are you?"
"What did you do to my grandpa?!!"
"The name's Kobiashi, but I prefer to be called Brian."
"And I just ruffed the old man up.  I figured he could use the exercise, and 
speaking of exercise." The stranger then reached behind him and produced a 
wooden bokken. "It looks like your going to have a different sparing partner 
today.  Now let's see if you can do any better than the old man."
	*Ohh man what am I gonna do?  I've never been able to beat grandpa and 
this guy was able to beat him.  What's worse is this guy doesn't look like he's 
broken a sweat against grandpa.  But I'll make it through this. Somehow. *

*   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *  *	

	Meanwhile at the Masaki residence, Aeka is watching one of her favorite 
soaps on TV. Ryoko floats down the stairway and lands on the couch next to Aeka.   
Aeka notices the space pirate taking the seat next to her and begins to wonder 
what it is she's up to. Aeka glances over at Ryoko from the corner of her right 
eye, not turning her head to let Ryoko know she was looking at her.  She could 
tell Ryoko was trying to think of something to say, but who knows what thoughts 
go through Ryoko's mind.  Ryoko finally turns to face Aeka better and Aeka turns 
her head to see Ryoko.
"Aeka, we need to talk."
"What is it, Ryoko?"
Ryoko spent a few minutes up stairs trying to figure out the best way to start 
her talk off with Aeka.  Until finally she came up with one phrase to start 
their conversation off.
"It's about Tenchi.  Or rather more of what he wants."
"Did he finally tell you to leave so he and I could be together at last?" Aeka 
asked in a sarcastic voice, while maintaining a proper look.
"Keep dreaming princess." Ryoko shot back.  "No he and I talked in the hallway 
upstairs and he . . . wanted to know why . . ."
	This was turning out to be harder for Ryoko to say than she thought.  If 
she asked Aeka this question, she would see that Ryoko had a more softer, 
gentler side of her that she kept closed.  But then again, this is something 
Tenchi would want, for us to stop fighting.  It would allow me to get closer to 
Tenchi if I do this. Then I'll ask, For Tenchi.
	"He wants the two of us to stop fighting. It seems to be something he that 
really wants.  So what do you think?"  Aeka was a little taken back by what 
Ryoko just asked. *I never thought that Ryoko would try to suggest that we get 
along.  Who would have thought that she, the most dangerous space pirate, would 
try to show some feelings?   
	"Well, it would be hard for a first born princess of Jurai to get along 
with a filthy, disgusting, monster such as yourself."
"I thought you would at least put some effort into something Tenchi would like."
"I said it would be hard for me to do, not impossible." Aeka replied with a 
slight smile.  
 "So you agree?"
"Yes, I'll try to get along with you Ryoko."
Aeka's smile turns more evil "Even if you are space trash." 
Ryoko chuckles. "You know Aeka, you might think I'm a bad influence on your 
sister, but it looks like you've developed my smile." Ryoko replied with her own 
smile.
	Aeka's face turned to a state of shock, while Ryoko laughed hysterically.
It looked like Aeka was about to pop a vein in her forehead from the rage she 
was feeling toward the space pirate.  Ryoko noticed her look of rage in Aeka's 
face and waved her hand in front of her.
"Alright, that's enough of that.  We should try to stop fighting and get along 
better.  I know let's go tell Tenchi that we've decided to try to get along.
Aeka smiles and nods.
"Yes, let's go tell Lord Tenchi our decision."

*   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   
	
	Meanwhile, at the shrine, Tenchi and the stranger who has identified 
himself as Brian are beginning their standoff.  Both have their bokkens at waist 
level and stare each other down waiting for the other to flinch.  Tenchi's mind 
is racing with thoughts on how to attack him first.  Quickly he thinks about 
what would happen if he doesn't make it through this.  
*What will this guy do to the others if I can't win, nobody will be able to 
protect the girls. And what about Grandpa, I wish I knew if he was alright? * 
Tenchi's eyes glance over at his Grandfathers motionless body for a split 
second.   
	Tenchi returns his eyes to his opponent and discovers that Brian is almost 
upon him.  Tenchi quickly sidesteps his opponent's strike which barley misses 
Tenchi's midsection.  Tenchi starts his offensive by striking at him after his 
strike, but Brian seemed to anticipate it.  Tenchi felt like he was giving it 
his all into attacking him, but Brian was able to block all of his strikes and 
keep on a calm face.  His face seemed so calm, it was scary, it was like he did 
this type of thing every day of his life.  Strike after strike, Tenchi threw 
whatever he could think of at his opponent, who was still able to block his 
attacks easily.  The only difference was that Brian seemed to be smiling at 
Tenchi now.  So far the mysterious Brian has been on the defensive, except for 
the opening strike.  Which seemed to arouse Tenchi's suspicion of what this guy 
was up too.  Brian's smile was starting to annoy Tenchi.  This man comes here to 
our home, hurts his grandfather, possibly killed him and Tenchi wasn't able to 
find out.  Thinking over this seemed to drive Tenchi mad, the more he looked at 
Brian's grinning face, the more he wanted to kick his teeth in.    
	Tenchi decided that he was going to stop him right now.  He brought his 
bokken above his head and struck in a hard, all out strike.  Brian's bokken met 
Tenchi's just as he thought would happen, then Tenchi went for the win.  Tenchi 
introduced his foot into his opponent's stomach.  Brian was caught off guard and 
Tenchi continued landing kicks and bokken strikes.  Brian was able to jump and 
roll away from Tenchi's assault upon him.  Even though Tenchi seemed to do a 
number on him before he rolled away, he was able to quickly get up.  
	The only thing that Tenchi's attack seemed to do was get him dirty and a 
little blood running down his chin.  He slowly brought his hand up and wiped it 
away.  He then did something Tenchi didn't expect him to do . . . he began to 
chuckle.  
"Excellent.  Hehehehe, Yosho has trained you well Tenchi, I must admit you 
surprised me."
"Huh . . . " was all that Tenchi was able to think of to reply to what he just 
said.  
*How does he know my name?  Or grandpa's real name, for that matter? * 
Brain looks at Tenchi with a half-cocked grin.
"I believe it's time we take our match up to the next level." 

"Wha . . ."
Tenchi and Brian both glance over to see a surprised Ryoko and Aeka who were 
walking up the stairs.  They both look at Tenchi, then the well-built stranger, 
then their eyes fall upon the motionless Katsuhito.  After looking over the 
scene they both put two and two together.  
"Hey you! What are you doing to Tenchi!?! Demanded a now enraged Ryoko.
"I swear if you've laid a finger on him, I'll rip your arms out of their sockets 
and toss you into the lake to watch you slowly drown.
"Lord Tenchi are you alright?" Aeka asked with deep concern in her voice.
Tenchi nods. "Yeah, I'm ok, check Grandpa and see if he's alright." 
Brian looks at both of the girls.
"I'm going to have to ask you two to please stay out of this.  This is between 
me and Tenchi."
Ryoko seemed to get more upset with this guy.
"Like hell it is, if you mess with Tenchi you deal with me."
"Well if that's the way you feel about it, I guess I'll have to include you in 
on this to Ryoko.  Do you feel the same about this too princess Aeka?" Asked a 
very calm Brian.  
Everyone just looked at him in shock.  It felt like an eternity to Tenchi after 
this, Brian seemed to put Tenchi into a state of shock for the second time in 
less than 2 minutes.  Aeka was the first to recover from the shock of this 
stranger knowing who she was.
"I demand to know how you know who we are this instant!?"  Aeka implied, visibly 
shaking with anger.
"Forget about asking him how he knows us, . . . Let's just beat it out of him!"  
Ryoko glared with a fire in her exotic yellow eyes.  
Brian merely looked over at Ryoko with the same calm face. 
 "Never enter a battle unless you know what you're fighting Ryoko.  Perhaps I 
should show you what you're going up against." 
He slid his feet across the ground positioning himself in a horse-fighting 
stance.  He then let out a yell, it was like a long battle cry.  Tenchi and the 
others began looking on at him in wonder.  They each could feel some kind of 
energy building up around them.  Tenchi thought it felt like static electricity 
in the air, because the hair on the back of his head was beginning to stand up.
He intensified his scream and a wind blew dust and dirt into everyone's face.  
Each of them had to shield their faces and trying to get a look at what was 
happening.  Tenchi heard Ryoko say something, he couldn't quite make out what 
she said.  She seemed to say it to herself, but Tenchi had a good idea of what 
she said, he just hoped he heard her wrong.  He thought he heard her say, "This 
doesn't look good." 

*   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   

Well that's it so far.  I hope you enjoyed the first chapter of it I'll submit 
the next part whenever I get finished with it.


