I would like to say that I do not own any of the Tenchi Muyo 
characters.  I am only using them in this story.  I am also using 
Dragon Ball Z in this story and I don't claim them as my own.  Also I 
realized that I misspelled Ayeka's name so I'm going to change it to 
the correct spelling from here on. Again I would like to hear your 
replies about this story, so please send them in. (No hate mail 
please.)  My e-mail address is deathgiver2000@yahoo.com.

	When Worlds Collide: No Need for Confusion

	A lonely light shone in a glass cylinder.  Sparkling lightly, a 
small bright white light in a room that seemed to have infinite 
darkness in all directions.  The only other light source in the room 
was from a computer console, where a small lonely scientist was hard at 
work.  The small scientist had fire red hair and glowing green eyes.  
She had several thousands of years under her belt and many 
accomplishments to show for her hard tireless work.  The scientist was 
had at work on her latest idea, having spent several tiring days on 
this experiment.  All her hard work came down to this moment, if she 
was right she would have another accomplishment to have achieved where 
no one else has even considered the idea.  
	She initiated the final stage of the experiment, with a few 
lightning quick keystrokes.  She eyed her experiment, with growing 
anticipation, not wanting to blink for fear of missing a single second 
of the outcome.  The small light began to glow brighter and turn 
yellow, just as she knew it would no matter if the experiment would be 
a success or not, but it got her hopes up higher.  The light kept 
glowing brighter and more yellow, the small scientist was sitting on 
the edge of her floating futon.  Then suddenly, the light went out.  In 
the small scientist's centuries of being alive, she developed many 
different ways of celebrating her victories in the field of science.  
She also developed different ways of accepting her defeats, but for 
this defeat she used the one that she had made her favorite.
	"DAMMIT!" Washu cried out before letting her head fall onto her 
console.  "Uhhh . . .Oh well, I guess I shouldn't be surprised.  After 
all nobody has actually consider the possibility of having a hyperdrive 
engine that runs on ice cream."  She didn't want to admit it to 
herself, but she was running out of ideas for an experiment.  She only 
got the idea for the experiment from one of Mihoshi's ramblings.  She 
was getting so bored, she needed something to do.  "I didn't think that 
it was possible for this place to actually get boring.  Hmmm. . . 
.perhaps I could try to get that 'sample' from Tenchi again.  I haven't 
tried to for a while, maybe he wouldn't expect it coming." She said 
with an evil grin.  
	Suddenly an alarm went off, snapping the scientist's attention 
back to reality.  Within a few lightning quick keystrokes, a picture 
from a security camera at the shrine came up on her holotop computer. 
On the display of her computer she could see dust flying everywhere.  
The readings from her computer told her that there was a tremendous 
energy buildup that was causing the disturbance.  Washu began to wonder 
if it was something being caused by Ryoko.  But she found that the 
readings were going higher than what Ryoko ever gave off on an energy 
burst.  Much higher.  She could make out some figures in the picture, 
but it was hard to tell from all the dust and dirt being blown around.  
She typed in her computer to give her a diagnostic check on anything 
that could produce the power readings she was observing.  
	While she waited, she went back to trying to make out anything on 
the screen.  She was able to spot Tenchi, only because she could make 
out his pony tail when it came into view.  She was then able to 
identify Ryoko and Ayeka, who were each next to Tenchi.  Washu then 
noticed Katsuhito's motionless body on the ground laying face down.  
She then decided that she should go out there immediately and help 
them.  She reached into a subspace hole that she produced and pulled 
out a very weird looking gun.  In the small scientist's hands it was 
almost comical.   Deciding that it would be too bulky in her child 
hands, Washu changed into her adult form and started to get up to help 
the others.  But she stopped when her computer found one match to the 
power readings.  Washu read the readings in total disbelief of what her 
computer found.

"According to this the readings match that of a . . .a . . .A Sayajin.  
But that's impossible.  I've got to get up there now!"


*   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   
*   * 

	Back at the shrine, things aren't looking all that great to 
Tenchi.  From what he could see, Brian was generating this storm 
somehow and he didn't think that anyone would be able to stop him, not 
even Ryoko. Suddenly, just as quickly as the storm came, it stopped.  
Brian was still standing in the same spot, just standing there, not 
moving an inch.

Ryoko just shows a look of determination, anger is building in her 
face.  

"So you can just prove your full of hot air, so what?  Here eat 
this!!!"      

Ryoko powers up a ball of red energy in her right hand and hurls it 
straight at Brian who doesn't even move to avoid it.  The ball connects 
and a huge explosion kicks up all kinds of dirt completely engulfing 
her target.  Ryoko places her hands on her waist and holds a triumphant 
grin across her face.

"HAHAHAHA . . .That's what you get when you mess with Ryoko the space 
pirate!"

	Tenchi let out a sigh of relief, but for some reason he still 
felt like it wasn't over.  They each stared at the dust cloud that was 
where the mysterious Brian was a few seconds ago.  Each of them 
secretly hoping that he was either hurt badly or dead.  Not even Ryoko 
was sure if he was dead or not, she knew he had to be hurt, so she 
wasn't worried.  Of course, that all changed when a breeze came and 
blew the dust cloud slowly away.  And there standing, without a single 
mark on him, was Brian with his arms crossed in front of him and a 
slight grin on his face.  Tenchi grimaced, he knew this was going to be 
a tough fight, but he didn't know it would be impossible.  

"Tell me Ryoko, did you put everything you had into that or were you 
trying to be playful." He asked in a mocking tone.

The only thing that came to Ryoko's mind to say was "What are you?!"

"He's a Sayajin!!"

They all turned to see an adult Washu running up the stairs with some 
kind of gun in her hands.

"What's a Sayajin?" Tenchi asked.

"Do you want to tell them Professor Washu, or shall I teach them?"
	
	Washu looked at Brian in total shock about how he knew her.  The 
others weren't really surprised, seeing as how he knew each of them.

"How do you know who I am?" Washu asked.

"I'm afraid we've been trying to ask him that the whole time he's been 
here." Ayeka answered.

Brian's face turned serious.  "I'll answer your question Washu, if each 
of you answers my question."

"Alright, Shoot." Ryoko said.

"Given what you have seen that I am capable of, which I might add is 
only a small fraction of what I could do.  I want to know are you still 
willing to fight me, even though you would have no chance of winning?"

He glanced at Washu to see her nod her head.  He turned his head to 
face each of them to get the same reply.  He could see the look of 
determination in their eyes, he could tell that they would never give 
up.  That they would fight to save each other, that they would die for 
one another.  This was the answer he was looking for.

"Excellent.  I must commend you, there aren't many people in the 
universe who have the loyalty to one another as you do." 
Suddenly he turns around with his back to everyone else, facing the 
shrine office.
"You must be very proud of your little family you have here Yosho."

Suddenly Katsuhito sits up and looks at everyone.
"Yes, they always seem to make an old man proud." Katsuhito said with a 
smile. 
"Huh!" was everyone's reply to what they just saw.
"Grandpa your alright!!"
"Yes, of course I am Tenchi, why wouldn't I be."
"Hey wait a minute, you know this guy?" Ryoko butted in.
"Yes, Kobiashi and I met a long time ago."
"Yes it's been about 800 years since we last saw each other Yosho."
"Wow! You mean your over 800 years old, how is it your still alive?" 
Washu asked.  "Well my ship is rather small and it has the capability 
for suspended animation, or rather I froze myself for the long journey 
here."
"Kobiashi, I would prefer to be called Katsuhito or just grandfather." 
"Ok . . . Katsuhito, I would prefer it if you called me Brian." 
"Ohh, by the way Brian, what was that crack you said about the "Old 
Man"?"  Katsuhito asked with a slight smirk.
"Ehhehehe. . .I was just acting the part of a bad guy Katsuhito, I 
didn't mean any disrespect to you."  Brian replied while scratching the 
back of his head.
"Grandpa did you know he was coming here?" Tenchi asked. 
"Well no, I didn't expect him, because I thought that he was dead."
"Aww come-on Yo. . . I mean Katsuhito do you think a small thing like a 
planet blowing up from underneath me is going to kill ME."  Brian said 
with a big smile.
"Did he just say a planet blowing up from under him was a SMALL thing."  
Ayeka whispered to Tenchi.
"Yes I did Princess Ayeka."
"Oh please just call me Ayeka." Ayeka said with a little blush.
"Or you could just call her little princess." Ryoko said with a small 
smile. 
"Be quiet you filthy demon woman!" Ayeka snapped back.
"Come on you two let Brian finish telling his story." 
"Thank you Tenchi, now where was I. . .Oh yes.  
	Brian went on to tell them how he and Katsuhito met.  Talked 
about how they became friends in the short amount of time they got to 
know each other.  Brian then explained how he heard the news of his 
people going to revolt against an evil being who was controlling them 
with an iron fist.  He went on to explain about how the evil Freeza 
destroyed his home planet when he was able to barely escape the 
explosion of the planet with his space pod.  The explosion disabled his 
pod somewhat, with no communicator and just enough propulsion he had to 
wait several months to drift near a hospitable planet to make the 
repairs to his pod.  It was after a couple more months on the planet 
that he heard the news about Ryoko attacking the planet Juri and how 
Yosho went to hunt her down.  So after he was prepared for the trip for 
him to follow Yosho and Ayeka, he set off on his journey.     
"And that's about the whole story." 

"Oh my, it sounds like you've been in some major battles." Ayeka said.

"You'd be surprised." He replied. 

Ohh By the way, Tenchi I hope you won't hold a grudge against me for 
frightening you like that, it was Katsuhito's idea for me to spar you.  
Anyway I would like to say I'm sorry." Brian said with a respectful 
bow.

"It's ok, you really didn't hurt me or anything, I guess I should be 
the one apologizing for hitting you like I did."
Brian laughs mildly
"No you don't have to apologize Tenchi I've been hit much worse than 
that, besides it takes an awful lot to hurt me."

"Well Brian how about we all go to the house and have some lunch.  I'm 
sure Sasami has lunch ready by now." Katsuhito said while motioning to 
the house.

"Thank you, but I wouldn't want to intrude, besides I don't think you 
were prepared for any guests to come today.

"No please come and join us for dinner, I'm sure Sasami has prepared 
enough food for everyone. Besides Ryoko could stop stuffing her face 
for one night and we would have enough food for you."  Ayeka suggested 
with an evil grin.
Ryoko just glared at Ayeka, not wanting to start another seeing as how 
they were supposed to be getting along now.

"Well, thank you for your hospitality."

	Back at the Masaki household Sasami is preparing the plates for 
everyone to eat and Ryo-oh-ki is helping herself to a carrot on the 
counter.
"Ryo-oh-ki, how many times do I have to tell you to wait for lunch like 
everyone else has too?" Sasami said with a stern look on her face.
The cabbit looked up at Sasami with sad puppy like eyes. 
"Meoooww."
"Ahh. . .Alright Ryo-oh-ki, just that one carrot until everyone else 
gets here."
"Meaah!" Ryo-oh-ki replied before digging back into the carrot.
	Just then the front door opens and everyone walks in still in 
conversation with their new guest.  Sasami walks into the kitchen 
doorway.
"Hey everyone lunch is read. . .dy. Sasami looked wide eyed at the new 
guest who was tall, handsome, and very well built.
Katsuhito noticed her shock at Brian and spoke first.
"Sasami this is Brian, he's a friend of mine whose going to be visiting 
with us for a while."
Brian walks over to Sasami and squats down to meet her face to face.
"Pleased to met you Sasami." Brian said taking her hand and kissing it.
This caused Sasami to lower her head and blush. 
"I see beauty runs in the family." He said while glancing at Ayeka.  
By saying that he caused Ayeka to do the same as her sister.
Washu, who was still in her adult form, decided to ask her scientific 
question at that time. 
"Excuse me Brian, I was wondering if you'd let me do some tests' on 
you?"
"Uuhhh. . . .". Brian looked over at Tenchi, who was shaking his head 
no.  He returned his attention back to Washu, who was now standing a 
little closer.  He looked into her beautiful green eyes that seemed to 
be begging him to say yes. And the words came out of his mouth before 
his brain had a say in the matter.
"Uuuhh. . .sure."
Washu's face lit up.  "That's great, just come into my lab anytime 
today and we'll get started."
With that she walked into her lab door, and Brian was wondering why she 
went into the closet under the staircase.  Everyone, except Washu who 
was in her lab, sat at the table and ate the lunch Sasami had fixed.  
Everyone was eating, except for Brian who just seemed to watch everyone 
else eat their food.
Tenchi took notice of Brain not eating and became a little concerned.
"Is there anything wrong Brian?"
"Ohh. . .no, nothings wrong Tenchi, it's just that. . .well." he looks 
over at Katsuhito and as if grandpa read his mind.
"Brain is a Sayajin Tenchi, their known to have big appetites."
"Yes, I'm a little embarrassed about eating with other people, because 
I look like a pig when I eat." Brian said with a bit of a blush.
"Well I don't think he could be much worse than Ryoko is." Ayeka said.
"Muphm." Was all Ryoko could reply to with the food in her mouth.  So 
she just gave Ayeka a "Death to you" look.
"It's ok Brian we won't say anything bad about you, we don't criticize 
anyone here, right everyone." Tenchi said looking at everyone, who all 
nod their heads.
"Well, alright."
And with that Brian picked up his chopsticks and plate and took a bit 
of food.  He chewed it up and it tasted better than anything he's had 
in a long time.  
"Wow, this is great! You cooked this all by yourself Sasami?"
She nods her head.
"I think you could probably teach me a thing or too about cooking."
Ryoko looks at Brian. "You can cook?" 
"Yes, I know how to cook some food, though I don't think it could taste 
this good."
Sasami giggles.  "Well go on and help yourself to the food Brian."
"Alright, thank you Sasami."
He picks up his food and begins to engulf it.  Everyone except 
Katsuhito is staring wide eyed at how fast he's eating the food.  
Within 4 seconds his plate is clean.
"AAHH! That was excellent food Sasami.  Thank you."  
Everyone was just in awe at what they just observed and Brian was 
beginning to feel the stares.  Everyone noticed he was looking around 
at them and they started eating their food again, pretending that they 
weren't staring.  
	Katsuhito stood up from the table. "Well I should be heading back 
to the shrine now, I'll see you later Brian."
Brian also stood up from the table. "Yes, I'll see you later on today."
With that Katsuhito walked out the door to return to his shrine.  

"Well I guess I'll go see Washu now."

Tenchi got a look of concern on his face.
"Hey, Brian.  Umm...Be careful in there, I just wanted to warn you to 
be on your guard."

"Alright. . . .Thank you." 

He walked over to the closet door and opened it up.  He walks inside to 
see another door a couple of feet from the first door.  So he closes 
the first door and opens the second one.  He sticks his head into the 
room to see if he could find Washu.  There just seems to be darkness in 
the room as he opens up the door to walk in.
"Washu! Hello!"
Brian looks around to try to find a light or something.  He spots a 
light source up ahead and starts walking toward the light.  Suddenly a 
chair appears from underneath him and catches him with these metal 
straps that pull him down into the chair.
	He suddenly hears this sinister laugh.  It sounds like Washu, but 
he doesn't know where it's coming from.  
"Now let's begin."






Well I hope you are enjoying it so far.  I tried to put more detail 
into this chapter then the first one. Again I'm going to tell you that 
this is my first attempt at writing a fan fic.  Well E-mail me with any 
questions or comments.  



 


   

