This is the next chapter in "When Worlds Collide".  I
do not own any of the
characters here except for Brian, Lazarus, and Damen.
The rest of the
characters belong to ACI and Pioneer LDC, Inc.   So
enjoy the story and E-mail
me your comments.

"When Worlds Collide: No need for Approaching Danger"

        An explosion rips through the night, as a building
that was standing tall
and firm is nothing more now than a pile of ruble.
Screams can be heard for
hundreds of miles away, as people are running for
their lives, even though there
is no escape.  Men, women, even children are dying
horrible deaths as explosion
after explosion of energy is destroying everything.
In the middle of all the
screams and pleas for help, there is laughter.
Laughter that is coming from two
individuals that are destroying everything in front of
them with ease and no
remorse.  Pleas for mercy from the people they are
hurting are falling onto deaf
ears.  Finally there is nothing left, no more people,
the great cities of the
planet are now smoking ashes.  The only people left
are the two individuals who
are responsible for the planet's rape.   Standing on
top of the rubble of a
building, the two stand watching the fires consume
everything it touched, just
like them.
        The leader of the two was a tall man with dark black
hair that came down
to his shoulders, he had on an outfit that made him
look like something out of a
Mad Max movie.  He had shoulderpads that had small
spikes protruding from them,
his arms had leather gloves that came up to his
elbows.  He wore a black cape
with red lining on the inside of his cape.  His
companion was the weaker of the
two, he had short orange hair and a scare across his
right cheek.  He wore a
leather jacket with a red Skull with wings on the
back, and baggy ripped blue
jeans.  The leader of the two began to think about
their target that they were
really after.  The one who betrayed them and left.
The one who shamed their
people, by rejecting the Sayajin ways.  His lips
parted and said the name of the
one they were going to make suffer.  "Kobiashi. . . "

*   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 *   *   *   *   *   *

        Ryoko sat in her favorite tree contemplating on the
events that have
recently happened.  Most of her thoughts were
wondering about Brian.  She
couldn't help but think that he wasn't telling the
whole truth to his story.
She couldn't help but feel that there was some other
reason he was here.  It
didn't sound like he and Katsuhito became really good
friends within the time
they knew each other.  And it would take a very good
friend to take the trip
here in suspended animation, just to see him.  She
decided that it would be a
better idea for her to keep an eye on him instead of
trying to think of some
reason he would come all the way here.  She would
definitely pay close attention
to him, when he's around Tenchi.  With that she
disappeared from the limb of the
tree and reappeared near the house.
        She saw Ayeka at the side of the house hanging the
wash on the
clothesline.  She decided that she would talk to Ayeka
about them getting along
better, then tell Tenchi about it when they weren't in
a fight.  They decided
not to tell Tenchi their decision when Brian first
appeared because they still
fought after they introduced themselves.

"Hey Ayeka"

"Oh, hello miss Ryoko."

"I was just thinking, when did you want to tell Tenchi
about our decision?"

"Well, there's no time like the present."

"Alright let's go find him and lets try to get along
from here on, ok."

"Alright, I won't start a fight if you don't."

"Hey! What is that suppose to mean?! Ryoko asked with
a glance of anger.

"I'm not implying anything Ryoko, I'm just saying I'm
not going to start
anything, if you don't do anything."

"Alright.  By the way do you know where Tenchi is?"

"I don't know where he is, he's probably in the fields
or working at the
shrine."
"Ohh, I've been meaning to ask you. What do you think
about Brian?” Ayeka asked.

"I don't know if I'm willing to trust him just yet.
There just seems to be
something about him that gets me suspicious about
him."

"Like what?"

"Well. . .I don't know it's just this feeling I've
got."

"Maybe you just don't like the way he introduced
himself earlier and it has you
jumpy about him."

"Yeah, that could be it, did you feel the power he was
giving off?"

"Oh yes, he has an awful lot of power for one
individual to have, I don't think
I would have been able to shield us from an attack
from him."

"Same here, I put a lot of my power into that blast I
gave him, I thought I at
least hurt him badly, but there wasn't a mark on him."

"Well thankfully he seems to be a nice gentleman and
an old friend of Yosho's."

        Just then they heard some commotion in the kitchen
and decided to
investigate.  They walk in to see Brian emerging from
Washu's lab wearing
nothing but a pair of boxer shorts and carrying his
clothing.  He looks at Ryoko
and Ayeka with a hint of irritation on his face.

"That's a very. . .interesting mother you have there
Ryoko."

        Ryoko and Ayeka could barely hear what he said, due
to the fact they were
awestruck by Brian's build.  It appeared that his
muscles, had muscles.

"It's only for scientific purposes." Came from the
doorway to Washu's lab.
Washu was dressed in a nurse suit, complete with all
the trimmings.

"Well, it's alright for a hair sample and I might even
give you a blood sample.
But you can forget about me giving you 'THAT' type of
sample." The Sayajin
warrior shot back. Ayeka was able to snap out of her
stare to join the
conversation.

"Miss Washu, don't tell me your trying to get a sample
from him this soon?"

"What do you mean this soon?  Has she done this
before?" Brian asked.

"Yeah, she used to try to get that sample from Tenchi,
but she hasn't tried
anything like that for a while." Ryoko said, now
glancing at Washu. "At least
not that we know about."

"Aww, come on Ryoko, I haven't had much of any
experiment's to do lately and I
need as much as I can to learn more about the Sayajin
race."

"You mean you already know about the Sayajin race?"
Brian asked with a hint of
worry in his voice.

"Yeah I know some things about your race.  For
instance, do you have a tail?"
Ryoko looked like she was about to face vault onto the
floor.
"Huh! You mean a Sayajin has a tail?"

"Yes, they are born with tails, but at a certain age
when the tail is cut off it
doesn't grow back." Washu stated, proud about her vast
knowledge.

"Wow, I guess you do know a thing or two about my
race.  But how do you know so
much about my people?"
Washu gets one of her sly looking smiles.
"I have my ways."

"Well to answer your question, no I don't have my tail
anymore."

"Aww, to bad I could have done some analyzing on it
for more information."

"Yeah, well I'm going to go put on my clothes now."

"AWW, Why don't you just stand there and start posing
for us for a few minutes."

        It was at that moment everyone looked at Washu in
complete shock at what
she just said.  Washu just looks at everyone like
there wasn't anything wrong
with what she said.

"What?  I'm just saying what everyone else would like
to say."

"Miss Washu, I don't believe what you just said, I
would never want to say
something like that."

"Well your mouth may say you wouldn't, but your blush
is telling a different
story Ayeka."

        Ayeka was taken aback as she just realized that she
was indeed blushing.
The only thing she was able to do as a reply was cast
her head toward the floor.
Ryoko seemed to feel the same, she was enjoying the
view as much as Washu or
Ayeka.  It was because she was enjoying this, was what
scared her the most. She
still loved Tenchi, she knew that, but for some reason
she was discovering that
she's.  No, she couldn't be developing feelings for
Brian. Could she?
        It was during their looks at each other, that Brian
got dressed.

"Well I'm going to go talk to Katsuhito, so if you'll
excuse me ladies."

"Ohh one more thing Brian. It's very important."

"Yes, Washu what is it?"

"I would prefer it if you called me 'Little Washu'."
She said the last part in
a childish little voice.
[Add the teardrop on Brian's head]
"Uhhh. . .ok, Little Washu, Ladies."

        With that Brian leaves the room heading for the front
door.  Ayeka and
Ryoko are both looking at Washu with disapproval
written all over their faces.
Washu just ignores their looks.

"Well I'll be in my lab if anyone needs me."
With that, Washu skips into her lab while humming a
tune.

*   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 *   *   *   *   *   *

Brian runs into Tenchi walking down the steps of the
shrine.
"Hi Tenchi, whatcha doing?"

"Oh nothing much really I was just on my way to go
take a bath.  I guess I need
one after what happened earlier today."

Brian's face turned to that of worry.
"Look I'm sorry for doing that.  It was your
grandfather's idea for me to do
that."

"Hey it's alright, I talked to grandpa about what
happened, he wanted to see
what I would do in a real dangerous situation."

"Did you think it was a real dangerous situation?" He
asked with a bit of a
grin.

"Well to be honest with you I though death was going
to be a certainty going
against you.  Where did you learn to fight like that
anyway?"

"Well that would just be in my blood, you see a
Sayajin has, what you would call
a sixth sense with fighting."

"That would explain how it seemed like you have fought
almost everyday of your
life.  I was scared just from the calmness of your
face in that fight."

"Yeah, well your grandfather has really taught you
well Tenchi, I think you
could beat just about anyone with the moves you were
doing."

"Well thanks, umm...I was wondering, did you really
mean it when you said that
you were doing only a fraction of what you were
capable of." He asked trying to
hide the concern in his voice.

"Yes, I am capable of doing a lot more than what I
showed you.  Don't worry
though I am able to control my power and I don't mean
any harm to anyone."
Brian said something under his breath, Tenchi couldn't
quite hear what he said,
but knew he said something.

"Oh before I forget Tenchi, I think Ayeka and Ryoko
were wanting to talk to you
about something."

"Alright, thanks for telling me, I'll go talk to them
before I take my bath."

"I'm going to go talk to your grandfather and catch up
on old times, so I'll see
you later."
        Brian continues his way up the steps and Tenchi goes
to find the girls.
Brian walks up to the door of the shrine office and is
about to knock on the
door, when he hears Katsuhito inside.
"Come in Brian."
He opens the door and sees Katsuhito sitting at a
table with a cup of tea in
front of him.  Brian walks over to him and sits down
across from him.

"Would you like any tea Brian?"

"No thank you, I'm not thirsty."

"So you wanted to see me, Brian?"

"Yes, I did.  I wish I could say that I came here to
talk to you about old
times, but I can't."

"What is it then?"

"Do you remember me telling you about Lazarus and
Damen?"

"Yes, I remember you telling me about those two, with
the way you described
them, they sounded horrible."

"Yes they are horrible.  They still hate me; they
believe that I betrayed them
and seek to get revenge on me.  Which is why I'm here.
 They are trying to get
to me by killing those who are close to me."

"And they are coming here to kill me, is that it?"

"Yes, I'm sorry for getting you and your family into
this mess Yosho.  But, I
promise you that I won't let them hurt you or anyone
here."

"I know you are a good man Brian and I know you don't
want anyone to get hurt.
Katsuhito said, ignoring the fact he called him Yosho.

"So how long will it be until they arrive here?"

"Well, they should arrive in 4, 5 months tops.  So
that doesn't give me a lot of
time to train to be stronger than them when they
arrive."

"Were you going to tell the others tonight?

"No, I'll tell them in a couple of days, I don't want
to worry them so soon."

"Do you think you have a chance at winning this
battle?"

"To be honest with you Katsuhito, I don't know, the
odds are against me."

"The others could help, even I will fight with you.
Besides, I think I have
something here that will help us gain the upper hand."


*   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *
 *   *   *   *   *   *


        Back at the house Ryoko and Ayeka have told Tenchi
about their agreement.
Tenchi felt overcome with joy, he wouldn't have to
worry about waking up in the
morning and finding either Ryoko or Ayeka accidentally
killed in a fight with
the other.  He didn't think that they actually try to
hurt anyone during their
fights, they just relieve their anger for each other
by blowing things up.  He
just wished they would find some other way to take out
their anger that wasn't
costly to repair.

"Well I'm glad to hear that you two are agreeing on
getting along with each
other.  I was beginning to wonder if the fights would
ever stop."

"Well Tenchi they would have stopped if you'd told us
who you would choose."

"Come on Ryoko, I can't choose either one of you, I
love each of you equally and
I couldn't stand to hurt anyone of you."

"By the way Lord Tenchi, how did you know we wanted to
talk to you?"(I think you
should know who asked this question.)

"Well I ran into Brian on the way down the shrine
steps and he told me you
wanted to talk to me about something."

"How did he know that we wanted to talk to you?  We
didn't tell him we were
looking for you."

"See, what did I tell you Ayeka, there's something
fishy about that guy."

"Could you define 'fishy' for me Ryoko?" Came a voice
from behind them.

        They all turn to see Brian standing a couple of feet
from them.  He looked
the same, as when Tenchi saw him on the stairs, the
only thing difference was he
had a small bag on a shoulder strap. Ryoko had an
expression on her face that
Tenchi normally saw on Mihoshi's face. Ayeka noticed
the space pirates loose for
words and attempted to answer for her.

"Well, umm...you see. . .what she meant was. . ."

"What I meant was that you aren't telling us
everything, Frankly we don't know a
thing about you!!"

"Well, what do you want to know?"

"I would like to know how you knew we were looking for
Lord Tenchi?"

"Well that would be due to the fact that I can read
minds, although I didn't try
to read your minds.  Sometimes I can catch things like
strong feelings without
trying to read them, I just knew you were wanting to
talk to him.  I respect
people's privacy so I didn't try to find out what you
wanted to talk about, I
just knew that you wanted to see him."

"Well I for one appreciate your respect for our
privacy."

"The way I see it you treat people the way you want to
be treated, I wouldn't
want anyone reading my mind whenever I was around
them."

"Yeah I guess I would agree with that too." Tenchi
said nodding in agreement.

"Well I brought a gift for Katsuhito, but it appears
that it wouldn't be a good
gift for him."

"How so?" Ryoko asked tilting her head.

"Well I brought these bottles of sake to give him, but
it seems he only drinks
tea now.  And this is a little too much for me to
drink by myself so, I was
wondering if anyone else likes to drink sake?"

"Well it seems like we're starting off on the right
foot this time Brian." Ryoko
said with a little laugh.

"That's one volunteer would anyone else like to have a
drink?" Brian asked
looking around at the others.

"No thank you." Tenchi and Ayeka said in unison.

"I guess it's just you and me Ryoko."

"Just means the more for us."

        Just then Noboyuki walks in the door coming home from
a long day at work.
"Hi everyone!  I just had a really long day and I
can't wait for some of. . .Ohh
who's our new guest?"

"Ah Dad this is Brian, he's an old friend of
grandpa's."

"Ahh, Well nice to met you Brian." Noboyuki extended
his hand and shook hands
with Brian.

"AAAAHHHHHH!" Was what Noboyuki's reaction to his
handshake.

 "Boy, that's quit the handshake you have there." He
replied while rubbing the
feeling back into his hand.

 "OOOHH, I'm sorry about that, I can misjudge my
strength sometimes."

"That's ok, a big strong guy like you probably does
that all the time. Mmmm, It
smells like Sasami has cooked another great meal, I'm
starving."

        Sasami sticks her head from around the corner and
calls everyone to the
table to eat.  Tenchi sits down; Ayeka and Ryoko take
their normal seats on
either side of Tenchi.  Just then Washu walks into the
kitchen dressed in her
Science Academy uniform.  She takes a seat next to
Brian, who is sitting next to
Sasami.  She looks at Brian with a smile and winks at
him.  Causing Brian's eyes
to widen a little and a red blush .  Ryoko sees
Washu's flirting and starts to
giggle at Brian's reaction.  Washu notices Ryoko's
laughter and gives her
daughter a stern look, which causes Ryoko to stop
laughing.

"So Brian where were you going to sleep at while
you're here?" Noboyuki asked.

"I don't know, I really didn't think about that.  Well
I could sleep on the
couch."

"Nonsense, you can sleep in Tenchi's room, Tenchi you
still have that knapsack
don't you?"

"Umm, Yeah I think I still have it."

"Okay then, it's settled you'll bunk with Tenchi."

"Tenchi doesn't have that much space in his room,
there's plenty of empty space
in mine." Ryoko spoke up.

Ayeka turned her head away from Ryoko and spoke under
her breath.
"......slut."

"What was that Ayeka?!"

"I said SLUT!!"

"How dare you call me that!  I'm only trying to be
hospitable, you stuck up
BITCH!!"

"It figures you'd try to hit on Brian as well, I was
right you are a filthy
whore who goes from man to man.  It's no wonder Lord
Tenchi hasn't thrown you
out of the house by now.  It's only because he's taken
pity on you is the only
reason your still here."

"Yeah well don't think that Tenchi could ever love a
cold hearted, snob, Bitch
of a princess like you!"

"Like he would ever be able to love YOU!  You a
murderous pirate, who has killed
countless men, women, and children!  You a complete
drain on this house and
everyone in it!  I think that whoever would kill YOU
wouldn't be charged with a
crime of murder, but would be given an award and be
declared a hero across the
universe!"
"With all of that, How could he ever love a hideous
monster like you?" Ayeka
said in a cold plain voice.
        Tenchi knew there was going to be a huge fight to
come out of what Ayeka
just said.  So Tenchi sat where he was and clenched
his eyes closed and looked
away waiting for the explosion to destroy most of the
kitchen.  Seconds that
seemed like hours passed, Tenchi waiting for the
explosion to come, but nothing
happened, it was just quiet.
        Finally, Tenchi decided to look to see what was
happening.  He saw Ryoko
looking at him with tears streaming down her face.
There was deep hurt showing
in her eyes, they seemed to be pleading at him.  He
tried to think why she was
looking at him crying, instead of fighting with Ayeka.
 It then suddenly dawned
on him, how it looked from her point of view.  She was
looking at him to see if
he would defend her and he had his head turned from
her with his eyes closed.
It made it look like he was too ashamed to look at
her.

"Ryoko. . ." Was all he could get out before she
vanished, leaving a few
teardrops to stain the floor where she stood seconds
before.

        Ayeka was completely surprised at Ryoko's reaction to
what she said.  What
surprised her more were the things that she herself
said.  She didn't mean to
say that, it just seemed to fly out of her mouth.  She
felt completely terrible
about saying those horrible things about her; she
couldn't begin to imagine how
painful it must be to Ryoko.  She was able to see the
hurt in Ryoko's eyes and
it was making Ayeka's stomach turn.  Tenchi looked at
Ayeka in total disbelief.

"Ayeka?  How could you say something like that about
Ryoko?  You know it wasn't
her fault for what she did, she had no control."

"I'm sorry Lord Tenchi, I didn't mean any of it, I was
just so angry and. . .
What have I done?"

"Well it looks like you went and broke your promise to
get along better." Brian
said making his point in the conversation.

        Tenchi felt that he had to do something for Ryoko.
He felt so guilty
about looking away from her when she needed him.  What
was he thinking, he
couldn't just turn away from her expecting her to
blast the place apart.  He had
to make this right again.

"I'm going to go talk to her." Tenchi said making his
way toward the door.

"I think I should be the one to talk to her." Brian
said standing up.

"With all do respect Brian, I know her a lot better
than you do, so I should
talk to her."

"Which is the point I'm trying to make Tenchi.  There
are some things you can
tell a complete stranger, that you wouldn't have the
courage to tell a loved
one.  When it's someone you don't know, you don't care
what they think, but if
it's someone that they are close to, it's a different
story." Brian sighed.
"Besides I think I have more in common with her than
anyone else here." He said
with a saddened expression.

Everyone just seemed to have a look of confusion on
their faces.  Brian walked
into the living room and picked up the small bag of
sake that he sat on the
couch before dinner.  He went back into the kitchen
and placed his two fore
fingers on his forehead.  Everyone just looked at him
wondering what he was
doing.  Tenchi decided to ask the question that was on
everyone's mind.

"Uhh, Brian?"

"I'm trying to find where Ryoko went to.  Ahh, there
she is, she's near the
cave.  Ayeka, are you truly sorry for what you did?"

"Yes, I've never been more sorry for anything in my
life."

"Then I want you to go to the cave in about an hour
after I leave, maybe then
she'll stay for you to apologize."

And with that, he became a blur and was gone.
Everyone was just taken in
complete awe at seeing Brian disappear just like Ryoko
could. Tenchi could only
wonder if that's what he meant when he said he had
more in common with her.

Well that's it for this chapter.  I hope you are
enjoying the story so far.  Well E-mail me any
questions or comments, or you could just E-mail me.
My E-mail address is deathgiver2000@yahoo.com