Again I'll say that I do not own any of the Tenchi
Muyo characters.  I can only
claim my characters Brian, Damen, and Lazarus.  Well
this is the fourth chapter
so I hope you enjoy.

When Worlds Collide: No Need for Old Memories"

        It's a dark night and the stars are shining brightly.
 It would have been
a quiet serene night, except for the sounds of sorrow.
 Ryoko lay on a rock with
her head resting on her forearms sobbing her heart
out.  She felt as though
Tenchi and Ayeka took turns stabbing her in the heart
with the Tennchi-ken.
How could Ayeka have said those things about her, it
wasn't her fault Kagato
forced her to hurt all the innocent people.  But she
did feel responsible for
her actions.  Maybe if she could have found a way to
stop herself from killing
someone, long enough for them to kill her. That way
there wouldn't have been so
many deaths at her hands.  Then again maybe Ayeka was
right, perhaps she is a
danger still, just being here could place the others
in danger.

*I can't stay here, I could get Tenchi hurt or killed,
I love him too much to
let anything happen to him.  But I love him too much
to be able to live without
him,. . .so I guess the only option open to me is. . .
. *

        Upon realizing that she has no other options, she
wipes the tears from her
face and around her tearshot eyes.  She then radiates
a small ball of energy in
her hand and ignites a small energy sword.

"At least I'll look like I died with some dignity. "
She spoke to herself
aloud.

"And what will that accomplish?   Justice."

Ryoko didn't have to turn around to know who it was.
"Go away Brian, I don't
want to talk to you!"

"Why do you want me to leave?  So you can kill
yourself?  Then who would I have
as a drinking buddy.  It would be a shame to waste all
this sake by throwing it
away."

"Brian I'm not in the mood for jokes right now.  SO
PLEASE LEAVE!! She screamed
at him with anger and pain in her voice.

"I'm not joking Ryoko, I figured we could have some
sake and talk about what's
wrong."

"What's wrong?  WHAT'S WRONG!?  I'll tell you what's
wrong, Ayekas right I am a
monster!  I'm responsible for countless deaths, no one
could ever love me, I
have too much blood on my hands for anyone to ever
care about me. " After she
was able to get it all out she collapsed to her knees,
relieving the pain by
crying again.

"Are you completely blind Ryoko?  There are 8 people
in that house that care for
you.  They don't want you to go and kill yourself.
How do you think Tenchi
would interpret the sight of your lifeless corpse out
here?  He would blame
himself for you killing yourself, he feels horrible
for what happened in there."

"If he feels so horrible about it, how come he isn't
out here?" She asked
looking up at him.

"He's not out here because I stopped him from coming."

She looked at him in shock. "Why?"

"Because it's easier for you to tell things to a
stranger, than someone you
think the universe of.  That and I know how you feel."

"What do you mean you know how I feel?  Can you stand
there and tell me that you
are responsible for the deaths of countless people.
That you single handedly
killed so many people, that nobody in the universe
wants you around on their
planet.  And when you try to go to sleep at night, you
can't because you see the
faces of the people you killed." She said with
tear-filled eyes.

Brian sat down next to Ryoko on the rock and pulled
out a couple of bottles of
sake.  He then let out a deep sigh.  "Yes."

"Ryoko my race isn't remembered for our peaceful ways,
we were cold blooded
killers.  We would go to different planets and wipeout
all the people that were
on that planet and sell it on the intergalactic black
market.  I was raised on
Vegetta, that was the name of our homeworld.  I didn't
know of any other way to
live.  I can't remember how many worlds I helped rape,
but I would say that I've
killed more people than you."

        Ryoko looked at him in complete shock.  She watched
him take a long hard
chug of the bottle of sake he had in his hand.  She
couldn't imagine the nice
man that came into their house today, would have more
blood on his hands than
her.

"(Sniff) So what happened?"

"Are you asking what changed me?"

"Well you don't have to talk about it if you don't
want too."

"No. . ., it's alright, it's what I came out here for.
 I figured both of us
need to talk about what hurts us from time to time.
So I guess I'll start off."

After starting a fire, He lowered his head to where he
was concentrating his
sight on a spot on the ground.  Ryoko looked at him
with her complete attention,
completely forgetting what had happened minutes ago.
As he began his story,
Ryoko had to think that it seemed like he was watching
what had happened.  It
was as though he was telling her what happened when he
saw it.

"It happened after Damen, Lazarus, and I, they are a
couple of Sayajins too,
finished clearing off a planet known as Rexion 3.  We
finished a few days ahead
of schedule, so we decided to have a couple of day's
rest.  They went their own
separate ways, as did I.  I went to a planet in the
next solar system, it was
called Veloptia, and it was breathtakingly beautiful.

        The people there were different than any others I had
come across.
Normally people would have looked at me funny and
would have told me to leave,
but they didn't.  They seemed to welcome me as a long
lost friend, they had a
warmth in their eyes.  Their eyes were kind and
gentle, much like Tenchi's eyes
are, you know what I'm talking about."
        Ryoko nodded her head in agreement.  He went on to
tell her about how he
met this woman named Elizabeth.  He told her about how
she made him feel, it was
love at first sight.  Talked about how they spent a
day at the beach, he felt
like he was alive for the first time in his life.  He
felt like spending the
rest of his life with her.  Within 5 days of knowing
her, he asked her to marry
him.  She agreed and he felt like his heart was going
to explode from the joy he
felt when she said Yes.
        Brian, who was smiling at the parts of Elizabeth,
turned to an expression
of sorrow.  He then explained about how he got the
call from the others that
their next assignment was to wipeout the planet that
he was on.  He refused to
go through with it, he told them through his scouter
that he was quitting his
evil ways.  He told Elizabeth about who he was and
what was going to happen.  He
thought she would tell him to leave and never come
back, but she didn't.  She
only showed sympathy for him, so he decided to talk to
their planet's leaders to
evacuate as much people as they could.  When he told
them about the situation,
they blamed him for what was going to happen.  People
started throwing things at
him and Elizabeth stayed by his side helping him to
get away from the crowds.

"And then someone in the crowd pulled out a gun.  I
didn't see it, but Elizabeth
did. She. . .She. . . .oh god why?" He took another
long hard chug of sake.

"I'm sorry Brian."

"Yeah, well I grabbed her and flew away from the city
and set down on a
mountain.  She was still alive and before she died,
she asked me to forgive
everyone there and to stay the person she fell in love
with.  Then she died in
my arms."

After taking another drink.  "I tell you, I've been
severely wounded, stabbed
and even been burned a couple of times, but no pain
was as great as it was on
that day."

"The point I'm trying to make Ryoko is that it wasn't
your fault that Kagato
made you do that.  As for me though I have to live
with the fact that it was my
actions that killed those people.  But I keep going
because of the promise I
made to Elizabeth. And when it seems there's nothing
left, look around at what
you do have.  You have your friends, everyone in that
house is your friend, even
Ayeka."

"Come on Brian I said I wasn't in the mood for jokes."

"I'm not joking Ryoko, she should be coming up here
soon to tell you something.
And I want you to promise me you'll stay here and
listen to what she has to say.
When she's finished and you still feel your don't
belong anywhere,. . . I won't
stop you from making your decision."

"Why do you care so much about what happens to me?"
Ryoko asked unsure if she
wanted the answer.

"I care because,. . . I think you would be depriving
the universe of something
great by killing yourself Ryoko.  Now promise me
you'll listen to her."

She nodded her head.

        Suddenly a snap of a twig is heard not to far away.
Brian senses that
it's Ayeka and she's right on time.
"We're over here Ayeka!"
        Ayeka makes her way slowly up to where Brian and
Ryoko are sitting, each
of them were holding a bottle of sake.  Normally Ayeka
would have made a rude
comment on a sight like that, but she felt terrible
about what happened earlier.
Ayeka walks up and stands in front of Ryoko and Brian.
Ryoko turns her head away
from Ayeka, but gives no indication that she was going
to take off.
"Well I'll leave you two alone to talk now.  So I'll
hopefully see you back at
the house Ryoko."
        Brian jumps into the air and flies toward the
direction of the house.
Ayeka stands in front of Ryoko for a minute in
complete silence.  Ryoko still
has her head turned away from her, which seemed to
make it more difficult to say
the right words.  Finally Ayeka decided to tell Ryoko
how she felt would be the
best way to apologize.

"Ryoko, . . .I'm sorry about what I said in there.  I
didn't mean any of it, I
was just angry at the moment and I blurted that out.
I am sorry that I wasn't
able to keep my promise to get along better."

        Ayeka could tell this wasn't helping any, Ryoko still
wouldn't face her.
As far as Ayeka could tell she wasn't even
acknowledging she was there.  She
knew she could do better than this, so she would tell
Ryoko the truth.

"I know this isn't the best apology Ryoko, but I . .
.to tell you the truth, the
reason why I fight with you is because...I'm jealous
of you."

Ryoko faced Ayeka in complete shock at what she just
confessed.  Suddenly Ayeka
wasn't the one who couldn't face her rival.  She
turned her back to Ryoko
continuing with her confession.

"The reason why I'm jealous of you is because your so
open about your feelings
and you seem to be so free.  As a First-born princess
of Jurai, I can't be open
with my feelings.  I'm a prisoner of my duties and to
see someone like you able
to do whatever pleases you, reminds me how trapped I
feel." A single tear
streams down Ayeka's face.  "I can understand if you
can never forgive me, I had
no right to say those things.  And I will leave Earth
if you want me to and you
can have Lord Tenchi, if it will allow you to forgive
me."  Ayeka was barely
able to get the last part of her apology out.  Her
voice sounded shaky and she
was visibly trembling.  She felt as though her heart
was going to give out.
        Suddenly she felt a hand on her shoulder, she turned
to see Ryoko standing
behind her.  It wasn't a face of joy like Ayeka had
pictured, but more of a face
of sympathy.  Ayeka then realized that she had cried
during her apology to Ryoko
and quickly wiped the tears away.

"Ayeka, that has to have been the nicest thing anyone
could ever say to me.
Thank you.  And as long as we're making confessions
out here, I might as well
confess that I have been jealous of you too."

"What?"

She nods her head. "Yeah, I've been jealous of you,
because you're so proper and
graceful all the time.  I've never been able to do
anything like that, so I
cling myself onto Tenchi in fear that you'll take him
away from me."

"So you do want me to leave?"

"I'm sure that nobody, not even me, would have
expected me to say this. But you 0don't have to leave
if you don't want too."

"Your right nobody would have expected that to come
out of you." Ayeka finished
with a slight laugh.

"Yeah I guess you have a point. Well I guess we should
be heading back to the
house now.  Everyone is probably starting to get
worried."

"Yes it's starting to get really dark now, do you mind
if we walk back to the
house?"

"No, not at all." Suddenly Ryoko gets one of her sly
looks on her face. "In
fact, first one to the house gets to kiss Tenchi."

        Ryoko starts running off and Ayeka takes off behind
her yelling something
about not touching Lord Tenchi.  Meanwhile above them,
a certain sayajin was
keeping a close eye on the two below.

"Good job Ayeka." He said with a slight smile.

        Knowing that everything was ok, he instant
transmitted himself back to the
house.  In the living room everyone was waiting for
someone to come back to the
house.  Tenchi seemed to be more concerned than anyone
else, he didn't know what
was happening and it seemed to be driving him mad.  He
just had to know if
everything was ok.
        Just then Brian appeared next to the table near the
couch Tenchi was
sitting at.  Tenchi jumped 3 feet into the air and
landed next to Brian.

"Brian, is everything ok with Ryoko, she and Ayeka
aren't fighting are they?
I just have to know if everything's all right, please
tell me."

"Woo, slow down Tenchi, everything is fine, in fact I
think things might be
better than before now."

"Huh, what do you mean?"

"Ohh, just call it a hunch."

"Yeah I think I'd trust that hunch of his Tenchi"
Washu adding to the
conversation.

        Brian turns to see Washu standing near the couch
Tenchi was in.  Just then
Ryoko and Ayeka come running into the door at the same
time.  They both seemed
to be heavy winded; each of them glanced at the other
exchanging smiles.  Tenchi
walked over to them to see how they were and they both
hugged and kissed him on
the cheek at the same time.  The thing that struck
Tenchi weird was that they
didn't fight over the huge or the kiss from the other.
 Everyone else took
notice of the situation and looked shocked, except
Washu.
        Washu walked over to Brian and asked to talk to him
alone in the kitchen.
As they walked toward the kitchen, Brian wondered if
he should be on his guard
for some kind of sneak attack by one of Washu's
inventions.

"Brian, are you aware of the fact that my daughter and
I share a mental link
with one another?"

"Umm. ...No I wasn't aware of that.  So what does that
mean, you can read her
mind or something?"

"Well sort of like that, I can sense her emotions and
hear her thoughts."

"So did you listen in on us talking out there?"

"I consider myself her mother, more than her creator
Brian and mothers are
protective of their daughters.  So, yes I did hear
what you talked about out
there and I just have one thing to say to you."
"Thank You.  I can only imagine telling her those
things about you must have
been very difficult for you.  I won't tell the others
about it if you don't want
me too."

"Thank you Little Washu.  I would like to add that the
person that I was, is
long dead and the person you see today is the real
me."

"So your saying it wouldn't matter to you if I told
them or not?"

"Well I would prefer you not say anything about it, I
would be afraid they would
look at me differently."

"Then my lips are sealed."

Suddenly Washu turns into her adult form. "My lips
could be sealed because
they're wrapped around yours." Before Brian could do
anything to respond to what
Washu was doing she wraps her arms around the back of
his neck and gives him a
deep, passionate kiss.
        It was then that Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko walked into
the kitchen to
finish their dinner.  All three of them gasp at what
was happening in the
kitchen.  Upon hearing the others gasp, Washu breaks
away from the kiss and
makes the face of a very shocked Sayajin visible.

"Ohh, this is so embarrassing."  Washu said, while
playfully trying to cover her
face and blushing.

"What do you think your doing Washu?!" Ryoko demanded.

"Well Ryoko I think I know where you get your bad
habits from." Ayeka commented.

"Why girls you sound as if you're getting jealous?"
Washu said in a playful
voice.

"Miss Washu, I am not jealous, I'm in love with Lord
Tenchi.  All I am saying is
that you should act more accordingly."

Brain knew there was probably going to be another
fight to develop from this so
he decided to stop it.  "Excuse me girls, but I think
it's getting late, so I'm
going to call it a night."

"Good night Brian." Everyone said in unison.

        It was late in the night.  Everyone was sleeping
soundly, everyone except
Brian.  He was having a hard time sleeping, couldn't
seem to get comfortable.
So he decided that he should go out and get some fresh
air.  He quietly got up
and snuk out of Tenchi's bedroom, without disturbing
Tenchi.  He decided to fly
the rest of the way to the front door, so as not to
disturb anyone's sleep.  He
decided to walk to the lake and sat down and admired
the serenity of the
countryside.  The half moon shone brightly enough to
illuminate the night to see
the surroundings.  Brian admired the beauty of the
moon reflecting off the lake,
but his thoughts were on the subjects he talked about
with Ryoko earlier in the
night.
        Brian wondered if he could ever forgive himself for
what he was in the
past.  His feelings about his past were like a
reoccurring dream that just
wouldn't end.  And the part of that reoccurring dream
would come here
eventually, and he would finally be able to put all
his guilt and remorse to
rest.  One way or another, his nightmare would be over
in a few months.
        He was so lost in thought that he didn't hear the
footsteps of someone
approaching him.  He felt a hand on his shoulder,
feeling the sudden touch
snapped him back to where he was at that moment.  It
was Ryoko.

"Ryoko what are you doing up so late?"

"I couldn't sleep and I heard someone come out here,
so I figured I'd see what
was up?"

"Oh I'm just thinking."

"What about?"

"I've had something I have to tell everyone here, but
what I have to say could
upset everyone."

"What is it?"

"I'd rather not say right now, I was wanting to wait a
couple of days before I
tell everyone.  Then again it would be lying to
everyone and I want to be honest
with them."

"Well why don't you tell me and I'll tell you if
everyone would want to hear it
sooner than later."

"Well. . .alright, but I hope you don't hate me for
this."

"After what you did to help me tonight, I don't think
I could ever hate you
Brian."

        So Brian told Ryoko the story about the two sayajins
who were on their way
to earth.  He told her why they were coming and how
strong they were.

"Lazarus is the weaker of the two, I'm stronger than
he is so I'm not too
worried about him.  Damen however, He's stronger than
I am so it could be a
close call.  Well what do you think?"

"Well maybe we should give the others a day or two
before we tell them."  She
said with a look of worry on her face.

"I know you must feel a little scared from me telling
you this.  But I'm not
going to let anything happen to anyone here."

"Why would I be worried, I'm the greatest space pirate
who ever lived.  And
besides everyone in this house can hold their own."

"I don't know Ryoko, they're pretty powerful. And the
way that they behave, they
would make Kagato proud."

"Well there's no sense in worrying so soon before they
get here now, so let's
call it a night."

"Alright, I'll see you in the morning."

        The next couple of days went just like any normal day
at the Masaki
household.  The only difference was Ayeka and Ryoko
were getting along and the
addition of the newest guest Brian.
        Sasami woke up at 5:00 as usual to go and prepare
breakfast as she
normally does everyday.  She quietly walked out of the
room in order to let
Ayeka sleep, carefully closing the door behind her.
As she walked down the
stairs she heard some noises coming from the kitchen
and thought it was Ryoko
getting a snack.  As she approached the kitchen
doorway she saw Brian getting
some vegetables ready to cook.  She stood in the
doorway and was about to say
good morning, when she heard some movement to her
left.  She turned her head to
see what the source of the noise was, it was. .
.Brian.  There were two Brian's
in the kitchen, the new one was fixing eggs.  Sasami
stood there in complete
shock, it was as if her mind just stopped working.
Then the one that was fixing
the vegetables noticed Sasami in the doorway.

"Good morning Sasami."

Brian noticed the look of confusion on her face and
couldn't think of why she
was looking like that.

"Is something wrong Sasami?"

"what...um??" she replied while glancing in between
the two.

        Suddenly another Brian walked in through the back
door into the kitchen.
He was carrying a basket full of food.  The other two
glanced at the one that
walked into the kitchen, then they all looked at
Sasami.  Sasami just had an
even more confused look.

"Three"

"Ohh. . .Sorry about that Sasami, I forgot to tell you
I can split myself up
into three parts.  It comes in handy when you need
some extra help."

"Wow, that's pretty cool.  Ryoko can separate into
two, but I don't think she
could split into three."

"Nobody has told me she's able to do that.  That's
pretty interesting.  Well why
don't you go back to bed and I'll take care of
breakfast. Ok."

"I'm not really tired anymore, would you like any
help?"

"Not unless you want to help."

"Yeah, I'll help."

        Tenchi wakes up at around 8:00 and smells breakfast
cooking downstairs.
He walks out his door and meets Ayeka in the hallway.

"Good morning Lord Tenchi."

"Good morning Ayeka."

        Tenchi and Ayeka walk down the stairs together
talking about what occurred
last night.  Ayeka didn't go into detail about her
apology to Ryoko.  When they
reached the living room they both noticed Sasami was
sitting on the couch with
everyone else except Brian and Washu.

"Sasami, is breakfast ready?"  Ayeka asked.

"Ohh Ayeka, Brian is making breakfast this morning, he
said it would be a few
more minutes.  He said he had something to tell us
after breakfast."

        It was then when Ryoko realized what it was he was
going to tell them.
Ryoko starts to get up when Ayeka inquires where she's
going.

"Ohh. . .I was just going to see if Brian needed help
with anything."

This struck Ayeka as something weird. * She never does
anything to help out
around here, I wonder what she's up too. *

Sasami's face lite up. "I'll come and help too."

"Uhh, no that's ok Sasami, I was wanting to talk to
him about something anyway.
Alone."

"Oh, Ok."

        Ryoko hovers into the kitchen, while the rest stay in
the living room
watching TV.  Ayeka looks a Tenchi.

"I wonder what that was all about."

        Tenchi just shrugged his shoulders and continued to
watch the soap that
was playing on the TV.  Ayeka tried to watch the
program, but her mind kept
wondering what the two were talking about.  It was
strange, what could they be
talking about.  Could they be in there talking about
telling everyone what
happened a couple of nights ago?  No, they wouldn't do
that, Ryoko would have to
admit that she was jealous of her too.  Or maybe she's
in there trying to. .
.trying to seduce Brian.

"What's wrong Ayeka?"  Tenchi inquired.

"Hmm. . . ."

        It was then that Ayeka noticed that she had her fist
balled up and she had
her teeth gritted.  Why was she getting upset about
Ryoko with Brian?  If they
were together, she could get Tenchi. Perhaps she just
doesn't like it when Ryoko
is so aggressive all the time and that could be what's
troubling her.

"Ok everyone Breakfast is served."  Brian said at the
doorway.

        As everyone gathered in the kitchen, Brian and Ryoko
were off to the side
talking together.  It seemed Brian had made a big
breakfast, with some American
food as well as Japanese.  The only thing Brian seemed
to forget was that they
didn't have any silverware for the eggs.

"Excuse me Brian, we don't have any forks to eat this
with."

"Ahh, thanks for reminding me about that Tenchi.  Is
there a store nearby?"

"Yeah there's one a couple of miles from here, I'll
show you where it's at."
Ryoko said.

"Alright, as long as we're heading to the store is
there anything else we need?"

"No I think that's just about all we need." Sasami
answered.

"Ok Ryoko we'll have to fly to the store then."

"We'll be back in a few minutes."

"Hey Ryoko you hold on to me and I can fly both of us
there faster."

"Say, you wouldn't be trying to take advantage of me
holding onto you would
you?" She said with her mischievous grin.

"Umm. . .no I wouldn't do anything like that Ryoko.
Come on stop embarassing me."

"Ok, I'll stop.  Well let's get going!"

Ryoko grabbed onto Brian's back and the others were
outside watching them off.
Suddenly Brian and Ryoko looked like they were
engulfed in a bright white flame
and then they sped off into the sky.  Leaving a small
crater where they took off
from.  Cheers from Ryoko could be heard as they sped
off.  Sasami looked up at
them go.

"Oh WOW! That looks like fun."

"Sasami, I don't want you to get any ideas of asking
Brian to fly."

"Oh alright." Sasami said with a look of
disappointment.

        Everyone went back inside to eat the other food they
could eat with
chopsticks.  Around 10 minutes later they heard Brian
and Ryoko return.  They
walked into the kitchen and looked like they had fun.

"Woo! That was a blast!  We'll have to do that again."


"Ok I guess we could go faster if you want to next
time."

"Wha. .you mean you can fly faster than that?"

"Yeah, you could say I'm just full of surprises
Ryoko."

"We got the forks!" Ryoko said raising the forks in
the air victoriously.

        After everyone was finished eating breakfast, Brian
decided to tell them
the news.  He and Ryoko talked about how they were
going to break the news of
why Brian was really there.

"Everyone, I want to say that you have been the nicest
people to me and I
consider you like a family.  And I feel that family
should be honest with each
other, so I'm going to be honest with you.  I didn't
just come here to see
Katsuhito again, I've come here to save him."

"Huh! What do you mean, to save him?  From what?"
Tenchi asked nervously.
Suddenly he felt a hand on his shoulder, he turned to
see it was Ryoko.

"Please Tenchi, let him finish what he has to say.
It's not going to be easy
for him to explain all of this."

"I've already told Ryoko about this and she agreed
with me to keep this a secret
for a few more days.  Today I'm going to tell you the
bad news."

        Brian explained the situation to everyone.  He told
them about Lazarus and
Damen, and their plan to come and kill Katsuhito.  He
didn't tell them about his
past with them, just that he knew what they were like.
 Explained how long until
they arrived and how he was going to fight them alone.

"Hey you didn't say anything about fighting them
alone, we're going to help
you."  Ryoko said with a hint of anger.

"I don't want to see any of you get hurt.  I wouldn't
be so concerned if I knew
you could help, but these two are way beyond any one
of you, even you Ryoko."

"I don't care, if their coming here to kill all of us,
I'm going to fight to the
end."

"Tell me Brian, how is it that you came to know these
two horrible monsters?"
Ayeka asked.

"Well,. . .umm. . .I really don't want to talk about
how I came to know them.
Let's just leave it at that, I know them and their
ruthless."

"Well I think I know how to help you Brian." Washu
said.

"How's that?"

"Well when you first came here I knew that sayajins
like to train to become
stronger.  So I built a gravity enhancer in my lab,
it's got more than enough
room in it for you to train your heart out."

"A gravity enhancer?" He asked with a confused look.

"Well I guess you don't know, but the secret for a
sayajin being more powerful
than any other race is because of your homeworlds
gravity.  The gravity of your
planet is about 10 times that of the Earth's gravity.
With this machine you can
increase the gravity in the room, thereby increasing
you strength."

"WOW! Little Washu you really are the greatest
scientific genius of the
universe."

"Ohh Brian, you really are too kind." She said with a
blush.

"Tell me about it." Ryoko said under her breath.

        Suddenly Ryoko becomes a blur and is changed into a
water sprite.
Everyone looks at Washu, who has her holotop computer
out and begins a small
evil and sinister laugh.  Leaving Ryoko jumping up and
down trying to argue at
Washu, but isn't making any sense with her squawks.

"Maybe now you'll begin to have more respect for you
mother, Little Ryoko."  She
said continuing her laugh.

        After a few minutes Washu changed Ryoko back and took
everyone into her
lab and showed them the gravity room.  It was amazing,
there were weights, a
large enough area to spar, and it was so complete it
even had a jump rope.  She
then showed them a door off to the side, which had a
room for Brian to sleep in
with a bed and a fridge full of food.

"(whistles)Boy Washu you can really go all out when
you want too."  Brian
commented.

"That's not the best part, my little baby here can
generate up to 3,000 times
normal gravity."

"I think I want to train to get stronger Washu, not
end up flatter than a
pancake."

"The idea is to go along gradually and increase it
when you feel your ready too.
The control panel is on the wall next to the door.
You key in how much gravity
you want and it'll generate it."

"Washu I don't know what to say.  Is there anything I
can do to repay you?"

Washu gets a sinister grin on her face. "Well now that
you mention it."

She hands him a small cup and points to a door that
reads "Spermicidal Removal".

Brian's face turns red and hangs his head down. "Me
and my big mouth.  Alright
I'll give you the sample, but only on one condition."

"Name it?"

"I don't want you to do anything weird with it.  I
mean don't make any clones of
me or make a son of yours with my sperm and your eggs.
 Just to use it for
simple medical examination, nothing weird."  He
finished with emphasis on weird.

"Ahh rats.  Alright I won't do anything weird with it,
ok."

"Alright."

Brian walks into the room and the others just stand
there dumbfounded.  Finally
Ryoko breaks the silence.

"What a day."

Well that's this chapter.  I think I'm getting a
little better with each
chapter.  Well I guess I'll start on the next chapter.


What will happen next time.  Will Washu keep her word,
or will she make a
scientific monstrosity.  Will Ryoko and Ayeka be able
to keep the peace or will
things finally go too far.  Find out on the next
exciting episode of "When Worlds Collide".