            Tenchi Muyo Meets Warhammer 40K  Part 2
                     By Jamie Sherman

You will have to read the first chapter to fully understand this one.

"Are you prepared to die, foolish one?"  Brother Exor asked.

"Not just yet." Tenchi answered.

"Ha! You are brave to be challenging one of the Emperor's finest in close
combat.  Not many people in this galaxy would stand up to an all-mighty
space
marine!"

"God, the arrogance of that person!"  Ryoko thought.

Brother Beltharius stated the rules:  " the last person left alive will be
declared the winner, and only power weapons will be allowed, no projectile
weapons.  Begin!"

  Immediatly with superhuman speed and reflexes, Brother Exor lunged at
Tenchi, power sword glowing.  Tenchi quickly brought Tenchi-Ken up and
parried the blow.

"Impressive!  You have blocked my first blow!  But how will you fare against
THIS?"  Exor brought out another small knife that  had a serrated edge.
"how
do you like my mono-molecular edged combat knife?"

As he tried to jab Tenchi with it, Tenchi quickly kicked the wrist of the
space marine, causing him to drop the knife.  Finally, the build-up of power
between the two weapons became too powerful and a small explosion ripped
between the combatants, blowing them back a few feet away from each other.
Tenchi, remembering all the training he had endured with his grandpa, swung
Tenchi-Ken around, and threw it straight at the space marine.  Exor blocked
the sword with his arm, but the sword went straight through it, and narrowly
missed his face.  His now disembodied arm fell to the ground, still
twitching.

"Good, good!  You are more of a challenge than I thought you would be!  But
now you have no weapon to defend yourself with!"

Tenchi realized his mistake, but he was too late.  When the Marine swung
downward, Tenchi moved slightly to one side, allowing him a few precious
seconds to get away from Exor.  As Exor was pulling his sword from the
ground, Tenchi dove for Tenchi-Ken, re-activated it, and brought it around
just in time to parry the power sword's blow.  Tenchi swung outwards,
cutting
one of the marines' legs off.  Exor fell to the ground.  Tenchi stood over
him, extending his hand to help the fallen marine up.

"Incredible!  I never thought anyone would be able to defeat me in close
combat, but somehow, you did!  Now, finish me!  Those are the rules of the
battle."

"I don't kill people unless absolutely neccessary.  Now, get up!"  Brother
Beltharius declared the match to Tenchi.

"I respect anyone who decides honor is more important than victory!"

"Ummm, what about your leg and arm, mister?"  Sasami asked.

"Oh, that?  I willjust have one of the tech-preists attach some bionic
replacements."  "Wow..."

Washu started asking them questions about why they were so large and
powerful, if they were human.

"You do not know who the Space Marines of the Adeptus Astartes are?"  Where
have you been, the Warp?"

"Actually," Washu stated, "We are from a different dimension."  The space
marines readied their bolters.

"So, you are deamons of the warp?"

"No, no, NO.  We are from a completely different dimension.  what year is it
in this dimension?"

"It is the year 40,000.  or, the 41st millenium.

"Exactly.  In our dimension on Earth, it is the year 2001.  And I think that
I have heard of you.  In our dimension you are just a game, called Warhammer
40,000."  The space marines were listening intentedly until the last
statement.

"Oh yeah, I'm sure." Exor said.  " and I suppose that their are other races
like the blasphemous forces of chaos and the orcish hordes in that game?"

Washu started up her little transparent keyboard thingy, and started to look
for data on the game.  "Yes, actually, there are.  I could name the
different
tyranids and things, if you would like me to prove it to you."

But the space marines were too busy marvelling at her keyboard.  "What is
that?"  they asked.

"Oh, this?  it's just my handy-dandy-go-anywhere keyboard.

I am getting bored with this chapter, so I think I will end it.  but I may
keep writing other chapters, if I feel like it.