When Dimensions Collide: a Tenchi Muyo, Dragonball Z, fanfic crossover

Disclaimer:
Tenchi Muyo belongs to the great Masaki Kajishima & Pioneer LDC
Dragonball Z belongs to the magnificent Akira Toriyama (and if some company
made it I am sorry but I do not know your name)
I do not mean to copy the work of these people and/or companies all of the
characters I am going to use are not mine and I do not wish to steal them
from anyone (please do not sue me I am so broke it took me 2 years to afford
this computer)
Topic of Story :Bulma is bored, she decides to make a time
machine/dimensional transporter like future Bulma did, when Trunks an Goten
start fooling around with the machine they end up in the Tenchi universe.
You can E-mail me at: supergohan@hotmail.com
You guys can call me: SuperGohan
This is my fist fanfic ever so please be nice. If you send me flames do not
expect me to be happy. (Nobody likes being criticized)
Signs: "character is saying something"
(Authors notes)
*Thinking*
The story:



"Jeez I am bored."said Bulma "I haven't had anything exciting happen to me
in years." "Woman do not bother me with your problems I have training to
 do."said Vegeta "Well excuse me some husband you are!!!!!!!!" "Hi kasaan"
said Trunks (Trunks is 18 Goten is 17) "Hi hon how was school?" "Same thing
everyday, sleep through 2/3 of my classes then wake up for lunch" "Do
something useful boy and train to become strong you haven't trained with me
in a while I think it's about time I show you what a real Saiyan battle is
not some sparring like that 3rd class Saiyan Kakarot. "Hello to you to
tousan. By the way, Goten and me are going to the Movie Theater. He's going
with Paris & I'm going with this girl I met in school named Lauren." "I don'
t think said a sad Goten" *man I should have never gave Goten that key to
the house* "Paris dumped me" "are you okay Goten" "Yeah, I guess so" "Well
better tell Lauren that the dates off" "I got it!" said Bulma. "Got what?"
"I am going to invent a transdimensional transporter" "Cool"
(One month later)
"I am finally finish," said a satisfied Bulma "Trunks, Goten come see my
latest invention." (Trunks and Goten come running in Trunks is chasing Goten
telling him to give him the TV control) "Give it back" "ya gotta catch me
first!" of course this earns them an hour-long lecture from you know who.
"Sorry" said the inseparable friends. After explaining what the dome shaped
contraption was both boys could only say one thing "wow" "Well do you wanna
go in" "You bet" said the boys. So they both went in "wow looks way bigger
inside!" "Yep" unfortunately Goten could not control his temptation any more
"wow look at the buttons" said a half drooling Goten "Goten don't" but in
order to finish this fanfic Goten (like ya didn't know) push the buttons.
"Being transported to dimension 2r57yu8p9066fgjl6" said the electronic voice
"Goten, Trunks!!!!" yelled Bulma. Nevertheless, of course it was too late
and they disappeared. After two minutes of thinking Bulma could only say one
thing "Chi-Chi is gonna freak"





Tenchi was not having a good day fist of all he was awaken to see Ryoko
about to pounce on him. Next, when he went to the bathroom Aeaka tried to
sneak in with him, which caused Ryoko an Ayeaka to start fighting. (Like it
was not going to happen any way) After that, Washu tried to experiment on
him. Then Mihoshi kept screaming something about tampons. In addition, to
top it all of Yosho had just finish beating the crap out of him. "Ahhh" said
Tenchi "nothing like doing something normal as going to the fields."
Suddenly four screams were heard" (insert special earsplitting affects) "Oh
no the girls!!!" Tenchi suddenly pulled out the Tenchi-ken. (where did it
come from you ask? Short answer: I have no idea.) Running as fast as he
could he went to see what was happening. "What's wrong?" All he could see
was the Sasami, Ryoko, Mihoshi, and Aeka standing there. "Well" suddenly,
there was a flash of white light. Then there was this big white dome where
the light had been.

Trunks and Goten where very disoriented after two minutes of trying to stand
up they finally realized what happened "baka you sent us to another
dimension what if where stranded here?" "gomen nasai" said Goten. "Well we
better see what's out there," said Goten. Trunks opens the door to see a
fairly big house and eight strangers (count the four girls, Tenchi,
Nobuyuki, and Yosho and Washu) "Grandpa I sure hope these people aren't
friends of yours" said Ryoko. "I have never met the two youngsters." Said
Yosho. "Well they sure are hot." Said Aeka. (Everyone looks at Aeka) "What I
can like other people besides Tenchi!" said Aeka.

"Talk to them," said Goten "no way you talk to them you're the one that got
us here in the first place" said Trunks. "fine" said Goten

While Goten and Trunks are trying to figure out what to do Washu scans them
both "Impossible" "What's impossible Washu-chan?" "I just finished scanning
them and it seems that there energy is just as high as Ryoko's and Tenchi'
s." "What!!! these people are most definitely aliens!!!" said Tenchi. "I bet
I could beat them." Said Ryoko
(back to Goten and Trunks)

"What should I say Trunks?" asked Goten "I don't know say you come in peace
or something or hi."
(back to the Tenchi gang)

"You're right Tenchi they are half aliens. Hmmm. lets see what type they
are." "How are you gonna find that out Washu-chan?" asked Aeka.  "Did you
forget? I am the smartest scientist in the Universe!!!!!!!" (Insert special
effects for big sweat drop.) "Let me see hmmm. that's interesting they don't
seem to be on my data banks." "I guess we better ask them."said Aeka.
(Back to the two friends)

"Well here I go. I sure hope they know Japanese."said Goten "Just get it
over with jeez."said the purple haired warrior. "Um hi I am Son Goten  and
my friend here is Trunks Briefs Vegeta."
"The one that calls himself "Goten" seems to be the leader or something."
Said Ryoko. "I should probably say hi." Said Tenchi. "Hello my name is
Masaki Tenchi and this is Ryoko Hakubi and her mother Washu Hakubi and these
two are princess Sasami and princess Aeka oh yeah and this is Mihoshi."
"Well now that you met me and the girls here is Masaki Noboyuki my father
and my Grandpa and our pet cabbit Ryo-ohki."everyone said there "hi" in
their own way and Ryo-ohki just "meowed" in reply.
As Goten and Trunks went up to meet them in person Ryoko thought of an evil
sceme. *What if I test how strong these two are hehehe. * Suddenly, both
Trunks and Goten see Ryoko teleporting. "Where did she go? Asked Trunks.
Suddenly, Goten felt Ryoko's presence behind him. "Trunks watch out!" Trunks
turned around in time to see an energy blast go straight to his chest. After
the smoke clears up, we see a very agitated Trunks looking at Ryoko. "Did
you have any reason for doing that huh?" said the very agitated saiyan.
"What the hell!!! I hit you with an energy blast and you come out without
even a scratch!!! Who or what are you?" "First of all I was going over there
to say hi and you just throw a ki blast at me!!!" "Is this how you normally
treat people?" "No the bakemono is usually worst then this." Said a certain
purple haired princess (strange hair colors don't ya think?) "I will get you
for that princess." "Well I guess I better tell you people why we are here."
Goten explains everthink about the Dragonball Z senshi and Tenchi also
explains his side. By the time they are all done it is already night. "Wow
time sure does fly, well me and Trunks better start finding a way to get
back home good bye everyone." "wait you don't have to leave its almost
midnight and I know I'm no scientist but judging by the look of your machine
you won't be lieving for a while." Said Tenchi. "Oh crap" was all Trunks
could say while Goten started histerically crying. After an hour of getting
Trunks out of his hypnotic trance and calming Goten down everyone was able
to finnally sleep including Trunks and Goten.



Authors notes: I wrote this fic because I notice that to find a Dragonball Z
crossover with Tenchi Muyo was like finding a needle in a haystack. And this
is only the beginning I intend to right more on two conditions
1.) I get good reviews by my readers, send me e-mail I will write back if
you want
2.) I find nothing else to do and make chapter 1
If I don't get any e-mail I will look at the story and do what I thinks is
best
Well until next time
See ya ^_^



