When Dimensions Collide Part 2:True Saiyan Power revealed!!!
Please don’t sue

We continue the story:

Good morning everyone! said Sasami. I hope are two guest slept well! I sure
did said Goten. I did’nt I slept in the room under ryoko man she snores like
a cow. What did you say!!! Asked the exotic woman. I said you snore like a
cow do you have a hearing problem? Hey Trunks would you like some water to
help you swallow your foot?asked Goten. Why you dumb purpled hared *the
following has been wiped out by the network censors*!!! Be careful what you
say girl I am in one bad mood this morning okay said a certain stange
colored hair boy while energy crackeld out of his hands. Its nice for a
change to not have to fight with the bakemono  said Aeka to Nobuyuki.
Alright that’s enough take it outside you two said Tenchi. I see you finally
found a spine Tenchi said a scientist with hair that makes her look like a
crab. Fine said both Ryoko and Trunks as both of them teleported but one of
them actually just moved really fast. Wow they are really worked up. You
bet. The day went rather normal at the household (for those of you hardcore
tenchi fans you should know what “normal” means) Until Trunks and Goten went
into Washu’s lab. Hey Washu-san can you… What did you call me? said Washu
who know had a very scary looking gun in her hand. Washu-chan Washu-chan!!!
Thats better now what is it? Um I was just wondering if you could fix the
dimension jumper thingy. You mean hyper internal flux transdimensional/time
transporter. Um yeah. Of course I can for I am the greatist scientist in the
universe. (washu a and washu b pop out blah blah blah) But you have to do
something for me first hehehe. Um okay. Will the whole Masaki recidence come
down to washu’s lab a.s.a.p. said a speaker phone that came out of nowhere.
After a few minutes the whole gang was there. What’s this all about? Asked
Tenchi Well I have made an arena were we can all sit and watch Goten and
Trunks fight. This is going to be so much fun yay!!! said mihoshi

Ladies and Gentleman: welcome to the fight of the century!!!!!! Said washu
with a big speaker phone. in this corner the pupled hair prince/brat
Trunks!!! And in this corner the unruly hair boy with the i.q. of mihoshi
Goten!!! Both of them came out in different sides with saiyan armor curtosy
of Washu. There going to do a balet yay!!! Said mihoshi
*insert big sweat drop from everbody else*  Now lets get this show on the
road. But first the rules: there will be three rounds each lasting thirty
minutes in the first round they will fight in there normal stage in the
second round the will fight in ther second stage and in the last they will
fight all out. What are these stages you ask you’ll just have to wait and
find out! Now begin ding ding!!!
(I will not give you all the details of the fight exept for the last one)

in the DBZ dimension: WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTT!!!!!!!!!! Aked a very enrage
Chi-Chi WHAT DO YOU MEAN HE VANISHED INTO ANOTHER DIMENSION???
Chi-charghdldjcdlkj help she’s choking me!!!!!! Said bulma It took fifthteen
minutes for Goku to make ch-chi let go of bulma and for bulma to regain her
composure.

The Tenchi dimension: ding ding that’s the end of round one folks!!!! By the
end  both Trunks and Goten were panting hard but besides that fine. Wow what
a fight said Ryoko half drolling. In the second match both of them will go
super saiyan I will give them a few moments to do so said Washu. Well lets
get this show on the road said Goten.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ahh what’s that rumbling? Said Aeka. Its them there shaking the ground! Said
Tenchi
HAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!
HAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!
Suddenly both Goten and Trunks’ hair shot up and turned gold. Both of them
had green eyes and both of them were extremly angry.
Whoa said Tenchi I never seen anything like this. Let the fight begin!!!!!!!
Ding ding and both contestants dissipeared. They vanished!!! Unfortunately
they are going much to fast for us to see but I have created a t.v. just for
the accsion and a big wide screen fell down from the ceiling.
(again I will not explain the fight)

The DBZ dimension: There is a way to bring him back is’nt there said a teary
eyed Chi-Chi. of cource Chi-Chi said a nervous bulma. BECAUSE I YOU DON’T I’
LL KILL YOU!!!Chi-Chi noarghdfhrodgkjehfdkufhd. Not again said Goku

The Tenchi dimension: and that’s the end of round two folks!!! Next up round
three where both Goten and Trunks go up to their final stage!!! Is’nt this
great!!! By know both Goten and tunks were beaten up pretty good. I still
want to finish this how about you Goten? You bet man.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh no the ground is shaking again. Ladies and gentleman their power is going
up into the power that makes Tsunami look like a baby!!! Hey I heard that!!!
Said Sasami/Tsunami Well it is true you know. Said Washu
HAAAAAA!!!!!!
HAAAAAA!!!!!!

The DBZ dimension: I promise not to choke you again okay. Said Chi-Chi
Alright said a nervous Bulma. Now up to this point I can’t figure a way to
get them back but I do know that they are alright. How do you know that?
Asked a suspicious Chi-Chi well um hehe I really don’t but I wigrhga help!!!
What do you mean you don’t know??? Said the strangler I mean Chi-Chi. HELP
ME GOKU!!! Unfortanately Goku and Vegita were sparing.

The Tenchi Dimension: Ding ding let the fight begin. Both trunks and Goten
Jumped up at the same time and shot a punch at each other. Both dodge each
others punch. KAMEHAMEHA!!! To retaliate Trunks said FINAL FLASH!!! Now it
was just a stand still to see whoes blast was more powerful. Argh!!! Said
Trunks and pushed his up to maximum which absorbed the Kamehameha to make an
ultra Final Flash. After the dust settle we see Goten with a badly bruised
arm but otherwise intact. Argh take this Trunks said Goten as Goten barrages
Trunks with combos of kicks and punches. Finnaly Trunks was able to move a
way to see what damage was down he expected a few shots to the ribs but what
he saw was very bad blood gashes all over his body. What did you do to me
Goten? Oh nothing just a move I came up where I barrage you while powering
up my hands that makes my punches burning hot. I guess I’ll call it the
Burning Barrage. Well to could play that game. Suddenly Trunks tried to
power his legs as much as he could and as he started flying started spinning
to HAAAA!!!! Sonic Cannon Strike!!! And as he charged Goten so fast he past
right through him!!! AHHHHH!!! Goten looked at his chest and saw a giant
black mark on it. Not bad at all Trunks but try and beat this Dragon Punch
(this is a real move from DBZ) This mighty punch sent Trunks flying until he
was able to control his own body. Oh yeah? After doing some strange arm
moves he said Burning Attack!! (real move too) and as the ki blast was
moving toward him Goten focused all the power he had to try and reflect it.
ARGH!!!!!!! It was a while but finally Goten was able to reflect it to
Trunks. Oh crap said Trunks. AHHHHHH!!! Ouch was all he could say as he fell
to the ground and did’nt get back up. Oh crap Trunks are you alright? Big
Bang Attack!!! Yelled Trunks as Goten came close. AHHH!!!! Hey that was a
cheap shot yelled Ryoko. So you wanna play rough huh I’ll show you rough as
Goten powered up he went from normal saiyan to very pissed of saiyan which
brought him to the peak of his power. Take this KA-ME-HA-ME-HA!!! Times 10
yelled Goten while Trunks tried to block. But it was to much for Trunks and
the blast took him full force. Goten who had just finished collapsing to the
ground said to Trunks I win haha! Oh brother said a weak Trunks as he fell
to unconciousness. The winner is Goten!!! Well we better get these two to my
infimary said Washu *this is great I get to experiment on them and they can’
s stop me hehehe*
The next day: Good morning everyone how is everyone doing? Asked Goten. We
should be asking you that said Sasami. Me I’m fine so what for brekfast.
Well for you I made ten pancakes with ten waffles. Great! said Goten
suddenly Trunks came in with a bandage around his chest and crutches man
what a dat so what for breakfast? asked the dilapidated warrior Trunks you
should be in bed said Sasami. Nonsense I feel great and to prove his point
he proke out of his bandages and did a few pushups with only his thumb
holding him up. Now where’s my shirt said Trunks. Oh its in the gue………… Uh
Sasami? Asked Trunks Suddenly Sasami’s eyes glowed blue. Tokimi is coming
all of you must be prepared. Said Sasami in a voice not of her own but of
Tsunami’s. Huh? Said Trunks. Soon after that Sasami collapsed. SASAMI!!!!
Yelled Tenchi with worry. Take her to Washu maybe she can help.
In Washu’s lab: Nothing to worry about she just needs soom rest . But that
thing about Tokimi worries me. Who is Tokimi asked. Trunks I can answer that
said Tsunami who popped out of Sasami’s body. Tokimi is my and Washu’s
sister. What are you talking about Tsunami I’m not your sis…ter. I remember
said Washu. Good then you can explain I must go and prepare Sasami.  Said
the blue haired goddess. Well can someone clue us in? said Goten. Of course
I will tell you. Said Washu. It all started over a millenia ago… and that’s
it. Said washu as she finished her story. Wow what a life. Said Goten. But
something keeps bothering me. Said Washu. What is it? Said Tenchi. Do all of
you really think tht it was a coincedence that Goten and Trunks get stranded
here and then their machine blows up. Now that I think about it I don’t see
it as much of a coincedence as it is a planned mishap. Said Aeka. Someone
wanted them here, someone with enough power to control the destiny of
another dimension.
Aboard Tokimi’s spaceship: So they found out my plan. Good in order to have
a fair fight they should now what is going on hehehe.
In the Masaki houshold: Well me and Goten have another stage of power you
know and it is much stronger than what ever you have seen. Said Trunks. Then
tell us about it to see if we could use it to our advantage. Said Ryoko. I
think it is best that we show it to you. Said Trunks. You ready Trunks. You
bet. After doing some strange moves the yelled out FUU-SION!! And touch each
others finger by the tip.Suddenly, here was a puff of smoke and when the
smoke cleared where Tunks and Goten stood was a cocky guy with purple and
black hair. I am Gotenks the best warrior in the world! What happen to
Trunks and Goten! Yelled Mihoshi. Nothing bad they just combined to make on
person look at this chart to explain it: Goten + Trunks= Gotenks
Simple as that. Said Washu. So what’s so great about this transformation.
said Ryoko obiously not impressed. I Gotenks am the most powerful saiyan
there ever will be hahaha! Just Look super saiyan level one you’ve already
seen and level two you’ve seen but you’ve never seen haaaaaa!!!!!!!! Level
three! Gotenks now looked like a punk rockstar with his hair gold going all
the way to his knees. This stage is much more powerful then the last ones.
Said Washu. Listen everybody we had a rough day today so lets get rest for
tomorrow. Said Tenchi
The Next Day: I called Kiyone she should be coming in a week to give us any
information she has on Tokimi. Said Mihoshi in a serious tone that hardly
anyone has ever heard. I will pair up groups of people so we can start
getting prepared. Said Washu. Trunks, Goten, and Tenchi you guys are paired
up. Aeka and Ryoko you two are together. What no way am I going to train
with that bakemono. Excuse you princess! Ryoko, Aeka here some orange juice
to calm you down. Said Washu. Okay. Sure. *gulp, gulp* Um that was go...
Said Ryoko. Very refresh…Said Aeka. Suddenly the bickering enemies stood
still as robots and awwaited Washu’s commands. Both of you will believe that
you are the best of friends untill I say so; on the count of three you will
wake up 1,2,3 *snap*. Said Washu. Anyway Ryoko would you like to go and
train with me. Said Aeka. Of course Aeka you’re my best friend in the whole
galaxy. Said Ryoko as she gave Aeka a hug. Aww that’s so cute!!! Said
Mihoshi I think I’m going to blow chunks. said Goten. I will be paired up
with Sasami and Grandpa okay. Said the talking crab. Alright! Said
everybody. Um Washu wait. Said Trunks. Uh yeah about Tenchi don’t you think
he is a little out-classed for Trunks and I? Said Goten. Of course he’s
out-classed that’s why I want you to train him. Oh and by the way I looked
into your brains while you were sleeping and decided to make you a gravity
machine. I don’t know what to say. Should I be angry at you for looking in
my dreams; or should I be happy because you made the gravitron? Asked Goten.
Do whatever you want just make Tenchi stonger! Said Washu. I think it would
be best if we started training now. Said Tenchi. Lets Go!
End of chapter 2!

Authors Crap: hey guys sorrty for the shortness and lateness of this fanfic
I promise the next ones will come better. Oh and I do know about the writing
the proofreading sux.
Ryoko: Next time on WHEN DIMENSIONS COLLIDE:
Tenchi: Goten and Trunks teach me how to fight the hard way.
Sasami: Join us next time for When Dimensions Collide: Part 3 Training
Tenchi
