Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Okay, listen everybody! This used to be one of "Ginkoneko Hikari"'s 
chapters! But I changed it so it could be the prequel. Why? Don't ask. I just decided to do 
that."



NOTE!!!: "This story won't be a crossover until later chapters!"









~The World of Endless Tears~ By Saiyan Moon Goddess

~Chapter 1: Happiness in Life Never Lasts Forever~





Planet Earth, a beautiful but primative world. Okayama, were the Masaki shrine is. It's a quiet
but pretty night, the sky is filled with stars and a full moon.

Near the shrine and the house, there's the big tree called Funaho, Yosho's old ship. Right
there, sitting on one of its branches, there is a woman, who's eyes are shining like the stars. 
She stares at the moon and sighs. She loves to sit there and watch the moon, it's one of her 
favorite spots. She passes a hand through her spiky hair.

"Tenchi.", she whispered.

"Ryoko."

"Huh?", she looked down and saw a man standing at the foot of the tree, he had short, spiky,
black hair and dark brown eyes. He had also finished his education a long time ago, and he was
now 21 years old.

"Oh, hi Tenchi.", Ryoko said.

"I knew I'd find you here.", Tenchi said. "You didn't come to dinner."

"I wasn't hungry.", she replied.

"But I was going to give you something.", Tenchi said.

"Really? What is it?", Ryoko asked.

"You have to come down first."

Ryoko teleported in front of him. The moonlight made her hair shine in the night and her body
was more visible. But this wasn't the Ryoko that Ginkoneko knew. This Ryoko had warm fair skin
instead of pale and cold, she had two golden irises, full of life, instead of her sparkling, 
distant, silver eyes, and her hair was still spiky, but it was cyan-colored instead of silver.
She looked more like Ginkoneko. She held an half innocent, half curious-looking expresion as she 
stared at Tenchi.

"What is it?", she said.

"Ryoko, do you love me?", he asked, a little nervous and blushing.

"What kind of question is that, Tenchi?", Ryoko said. "Of course I love you. Words can not 
express my feelings for you."

Ryoko blushed as well. Ever since she united with Zero, she can't hide her feelings from Tenchi.
Tenchi smiled.

"Well, I had to tell you something.", he said, taking out a small velvet box and giving it to 
her. "I...I love you too."

Ryoko's eyes widened as she opened the velvet box and saw a beautiful engagement ring. Ryoko
looked at Tenchi with tears in her eyes.

"Tenchi...I...I don't know what to say.", Ryoko said.

"Just tell me one thing.", Tenchi said. "Will you give me the great honor of becoming my wife?"

"Oh Tenchi, of course I will!", Ryoko said.

Tenchi took the ring and placed it on her finger of her left hand. Ryoko hugged him tighly and
kissed him, he did the same.

"Ryoko, you've made me happier than you'll ever realize.", Tenchi said.





One morning, at the Masaki house, everyone is eating. Tenchi announced his engagement to 
Ryoko. Ayeka was very sad, but she accepted her loss and became a good friend of Ryoko's. 
She went back to Jurai to claim the throne. Sasami stayed with Tenchi, very happy for him 
and Ryoko. Washu stayed too, of course. She returned to her adult form, saying that she looked 
more like mother to Ryoko. Kiyone somehow managed to get a promotion for her and Mihoshi, and 
they both went back to headquarters. Ryo-ohki often stayed with Ryoko, Sasami, or Washu.





Tenchi and Ryoko's wedding. All of their friends assisted, including Ayeka, who was now 
the new Empress of Jurai. She was talking with Ryoko, who was dressed in royal Jurai robes. 
Now that Ayeka was in charge and her father wasn't around anymore, Ayeka revealed Tenchi's 
identity as prince of Jurai to all juraians, she also told Ryoko's real story when she was 
under Kagato's control. Surprisingly, the people of Jurai welcomed her with open arms as she 
and Tenchi prepared to have their wedding at the palace. Ryoko held a golden box as she and 
Ayeka talked.

"Once again, thank you for helping me find this, Ayeka.", Ryoko said. "Tenchi will love it."

"Yes, I know.", Ayeka said. "I'm going to check on him."

Ayeka went outside of Ryoko's room and went into Tenchi's room, where servants helped him dress
for his wedding. Tenchi looked frustrated.

"Well, if it isn't his highness, prince Tenchi Masaki of Jurai.", Ayeka giggled at his frown.

"Why do you always have to throw that at my face everytime you see me?", said Tenchi, and he
turned to the servants. "That's enough. Leave me alone, I can dress by myself."

The servants turned to Ayeka, who nodded. The servants bowed to Ayeka and Tenchi and left the 
room. Tenchi grabbed a silver box on his bed and turned to Ayeka.

"I can't wait to give Ryoko my gift.", he said. "And I couldn't have find it if you had not help
me. Thank you Ayeka."

"Don't worry about it.", said Ayeka. "I've recieved enough thank yous for today. Now let's go
to that wedding."

Ayeka left the room, Tenchi following her.



Tenchi and Ryoko had a beautiful wedding at the palace. A lot of men were baffled as they saw
how beautiful Ryoko looked that night. Tenchi noticed this and kept her close to him all the 
time, glaring at any man who dared come close to the woman he loves. Tenchi sure changed a lot
after he proposed to Ryoko, or maybe he was like this ever since he met her, it's just that 
Ryoko didn't knew many men other than himself.



After they married, a ball followed soon after. The palace was filled with people. It was too
crowded, so the married couple went to a balcony with a big fountain of Jurai symbols. They
stared at the full moon in the sky as they held to each other.

"It's beautiful, isn't it Ryoko?", said Tenchi.

"Yes, but I think back on Earth is even more beautiful.", said Ryoko.

"Ryoko, now that we're alone, I can give you your wedding present.", said Tenchi. "I've been
waiting all night for this."

"Really Tenchi?", said Ryoko. "I was just about to say the same thing."

Tenchi took out a silver box and Ryoko took out a golden box. They smiled and gave each other
their presents.

"Let's open them at the same time.", said Tenchi.

"Okay.", said Ryoko.

They opened their respective boxes and gasped as the saw what was on the inside. Tenchi reached
out and took out a silver-chained necklace with a golden medal that contained planet Jurai's
symbol. Ryoko reached out and took out a golden-chained necklace with a silver moon that had a
little star attached to it. She also saw that her name was written on the back of the moon.
Tenchi also noticed his name on the back of the golden medal.

Before Tenchi could react, Ryoko jumped into his arms and hugged him tightly.

"Tenchi!", she said. "It's beautiful! I love it!"

Tenchi hugged her back.

"Your gift it's beautiful too.", said Tenchi.

"I got it right here on Jurai.", said Ryoko. "Ayeka helped me."

"The same goes for me.", said Tenchi. "I guess we both had the same ideas."

They put their necklaces on and kissed deeply.



After the long ball ended, Ryoko and Tenchi were back at the Masaki house. Tenchi carried Ryoko 
up the stairs to their room.

"Are you sleepy, Ryoko?", Tenchi whispered.

"No.", Ryoko replied. "I had a lot of fun at the party, but I've been waiting for this for a 
long time. I'll stay awake all night if I have to."

"Okay then.", Tenchi smiled.

The house was dark and quiet. When Tenchi reached their new big room, he placed Ryoko on the bed 
and reached to turn the lights on. Ryoko stopped him by taking his hand.

"Don't.", said Ryoko. "I like it better this way."

Ryoko pulled Tenchi to her and kissed him deeply on the lips. As Tenchi returned it, he slowly 
removed Ryoko's clothes...

(Saiyan Moon Goddess: "NO lemon scenes! I don't write that kind of stuff!")



A lot of months passed by. Yosho gave his grandson and Ryoko his blessings. And Ryoko and 
Tenchi lived happily in the Masaki house with Washu, Sasami, Ryo-ohki, and, unfortunately, 
Nobuyuki, who sometimes used his camera to take videos of Ryoko and Tenchi in their "private" 
moments.

Ayeka managed to visit her friends on Earth when she was free of her duties on Jurai. Kiyone and 
Mihoshi also visited on their days off the job.

One morning, Tenchi woke up to see that Ryoko was gone, he was alone on their bed. He sat up 
and looked at his window, he saw the sun rising.

"Where is Ryoko?", Tenchi said. "She always wakes me up in the morning."

Tenchi shrugged, got out of bed, and got dressed. He went to use the bathroom, but he found the 
door locked. He knocked on the door.

"Ryoko?", Tenchi called. "Are you in there?"

"Yes, I'm here, Tenchi.", came Ryoko's voice from inside the bathroom. It sounded weak.

"Are you okay?", Tenchi said. "You don't sound good."

"No, I'm fine.", Ryoko replied. "I'm coming out now."

Tenchi heard the toilet flushing. Then the door opened and Ryoko came out. She looked awful.

"Are you sure you're alright?", Tenchi asked concerned.

"I told you I'm fine.", Ryoko said.

Ryoko walked pass Tenchi and went downstairs. Tenchi went into the bathroom.

When Tenchi came out, he went to have breakfast. Ayeka, Kiyone, and Mihoshi, who were there
visiting, were sitting at the table, waiting for everyone else to sit down so they could eat.
Washu came out of her lab and joined the others. Sasami was serving the food, but Ryoko wasn't
sitting at the table. Tenchi approached the others.

"Hey, where's Ryoko?", he asked.

"Ryoko teleported to the bathroom a few seconds ago.", said Kiyone. "She looked like she was 
going to vomit."

Tenchi got really worried. "I better go see if she's okay!", Tenchi ran upstairs.

When Tenchi reached the bathroom, he was going to knock on the door, when he heard moaning. He
stopped just in time to hear Ryoko throwing up.

Ryoko stared at the toilet in disgust.

'What is happening to me?', she thought. 'This is the fourth time I have to vomit. And I haven't 
drink any sake in a week.'

She stood up and flushed the toilet, then went to the sink and washed the horrible taste from 
her mouth.

'Maybe I should ask mom about this.', Ryoko thought as she washed her mouth.

After she finished, Ryoko went through the door, but she bumped into Tenchi. His hands grabbed
her arms. Tenchi stared at her in the eyes with a firm but concerned look.

"Ryoko, what's wrong with you?", Tenchi said. "Are you sick?"

"I don't know, but I've been throwing up since I woke up.", Ryoko replied.

"Let's go ask Washu what she thinks.", said Tenchi.

Tenchi and Ryoko went back to where the others were. Washu wasn't there, so they went into her 
lab. There, Washu was working on her holocomputer.

"Tenchi, Ryoko, what took you so long?", Washu said.

"What do you mean?", Ryoko said.

"My little Ryoko, I knew there was something wrong with you.", said Washu. "I was waiting for 
you. Come over here, and Tenchi, you wait outside."

Tenchi kissed Ryoko and exited the lab. He went to the living room and sat with the others, who
were watching television.

About an hour later, everyone heard an excited scream coming out from the lab.

"WHAT?!!!!", came Ryoko's voice.

Everyone stared at the lab's door. The door opened, Washu and a very-shocked Ryoko came out.

"What happened, Washu?", said Tenchi. "What's wrong with Ryoko?"

Washu grinned. "Nothing is wrong with Ryoko, Tenchi. She's my daughter after all!", she yelled
proudly.

"Then, what is it?", Tenchi said.

Ryoko approached Tenchi slowly. Tears were streaming down her cheeks, but she was smiling.

"Tenchi...I'm...", she began. "I'm pregnant!"

Everyone in the room, except Washu and Ryoko, gasped and their eyes went wide. Then everyone 
began asking questions at the same time.

"Everyone, quiet!", yelled Washu. "Now listen-"

"But I thought that you couldn't have any children!", interrupted Ayeka.

"I thought so too.", said Ryoko. "I thought I couldn't....create life."

Tenchi embraced Ryoko happily. "Ryoko...I...I don't know what to say."

"Okay, would you please listen to me now?", said Washu, obviously frustrated. "When I made 
Ryoko, I wanted to make her completely real, with a will of her own even. And it really worked! 
I didn't forget to add her reproductive organs."

"I can't believe it.", Ryoko said. "I'm going to have a child. Tenchi's child."

"And that means you have to follow a few rules to keep that baby safe and healthy.", said Washu.

"Like what?", said Ryoko.

"Follow me.", said Washu as she grabbed Ryoko's hand and dragged her into her lab.




As the days passed, Washu explained Ryoko what she had to do. No use of her powers, no sake, 
lots of vitamins and healthy food, a lot of rest. In other words, she had to take it easy. Ryoko 
missed not using her powers, but she did as Washu said, she missed sake but she got used to it, 
and she hated healthy food, probably what she enjoyed the most was eating fruits because she 
hated vegetables. (And I don't blame her.)




The Masaki house was quiet. Seven months had passed by, it was eleven in the morning and Tenchi
left to the city with Ryoko to do some shopping and for some time to themselves. Sasami was
making lunch and Washu was working in her lab.




Far away in space, Empress Ayeka of Jurai had just left her planet a few hours ago to visit her 
friends on Earth. She hasn't seen them since Ryoko told her she was pregnant. She left her 
mother Misaki and Funaho to rule over Jurai while she was gone.

Unknown to her, a small gray spaceship floated above Jurai's atmosphere. A dark figure appeared
in front of it. The darkness of space hid her feminine face.

She laughed softly. "So, this is planet Jurai?", she said. "I thought it was bigger. This planet
will be no problem."

She raised her hand in front of her. A red energy ball formed in her palm, it grew bigger and
bigger. When it grew gigantic, she threw the energy ball to the planet (like in a baseball 
game). As soon as the energy ball hit the planet, it blew up like a giant bomb. Planet Jurai
desintegrated in front of her, and the juraians with it. She laughed cruelly as she watched
the planet destroyed. When she stopped laughing, she smirked.

"Next stop: planet Earth.", she said.



Away from Planet Jurai's former position, was the Galaxy Police HQ. Kiyone and Mihoshi had left
HQ to visit Earth. Kiyone was glad that Mihoshi wasn't her partner anymore, she was more like
her assistant, so her errors wouldn't be her entire responsability and it wouldn't get her
demoted again from her new position, which was Detective Sergeant. It was Kiyone and Mihoshi's
day off duty, they left an hour ago.


Suddenly, all the red alarms in the headquarters turned on. All the officers and employers
stopped what they were doing. In the main room of HQ, the comander was checking why the alarms
turned on when the marshal came in (Mihoshi's grandfather).

"What is going on Comander?", asked the marshal.

"The radars are picking an unidentified spaceship heading toward HQ.", the comander replied.

"Contact the ship inmediately.", the marshal ordered.

"Yes sir."

The unknown spaceship floated right in front of headquarters. A dark figure appeared in front of
it. Although it was imposible to see it's face, the figure's body clearly showed that it was
a man. He smirked.

"What a small target I got.", he said. "Too bad I can't complain to the master. Oh well, better
get this over with."

He created a giant ball of negative red energy in his hand, just as HQ made contact with his
ship.

"This is the comander of the Galaxy Police.", said the comander from the main room. "You have
entered a restrited area. Identify yourself."

The dark man ignored the comander and fired the energy ball at the HQ. 

"Marshal, Comander, we're under attack!!", an officer yelled.

"WHAT?!", the Comander yelled.

Before anyone in HQ could do anything about it, the enormous energy blast hit. Galaxy Police
Headquarters desintegrated with that one blast.

"And now, Earth.", the dark man said.




Meanwhile, on planet Earth's atmosphere, Ayeka's ship was descending.

"Your highness, we're descending through planet Earth's atmosphere now.", the ship's computer
said.

"Excelent, I can't wait to see how Tenchi and Ryoko are doing.", said Ayeka from her throne. 
"Ryoko must be due in a few months or so." She prepared a comand for her main computer. 
"Computer, please contact planet Jurai, I wish to see how they're doing."

The computer searched for any communication with the Empress' home planet. After minutes passed,
Ayeka began to get impatient.

"Computer, what's going on?", she asked. "I told you to contact planet Jurai."

"I am unable to make contact with planet jurai.", replied the computer. "communication has been
permantly...terminated."

"What?!", Ayeka said in total shock.

Just then, the royal ship was hit by a long and powerfull energy beam that came out of nowhere.
Ayeka screamed as the ship shook violently and lost its balance in space.

"What's going on?!", Ayeka yelled.

"Warning.", said the computer. "Warning, the royal ship is under attack. Altitude failing,
engines failing, prepare for emergency landing on planet Earth."

The royal ship crashed into the forests of Okayama. Fortunately, no one of the crew got hurt.
Ayeka exited the ship, and looked at it. The ship was damaged beyond repair, with a big hole
in the engines.

"Who could've done this?", she asked herself.

"Oh, that would be me."

Ayeka turned and saw a dark figure behind her.

"Who are you?", Ayeka asked.

The figure walked closer to her and the light of the sun iluminated it, revealing its curvy 
body, a woman. The woman smirked as she held a staff of some kind.

"My name is Yoko.", she said. "And I'm your executioner."

To Be Continued..........




Saiyan Moon Goddess: "Okay readers, please forgive me for ending this chapter like this. I'll try
to get the next chapter out sooner, but final exams are coming in about two weeks. And my 
graduation from 9th grade is coming up too."


NEXT TIME:  After Ayeka gets attacked by the mysterious Yoko, Mihoshi and Kiyone are also 
attacked by a mysterious man. What will happen, and what it's the meaning of all the attacks?
Will someone attack Ryoko and Tenchi in the city?

NEXT CHAPTER: ~Struggle for Survival~