(short video of the history of Wrestle Mania)
(cut scene to introduction of WM X-9 and another cut scene to fireworks 
exploding at the entrance and ring)
 
JR's voice: It's another Wrestle Mania event here at the Jurai Royal Palace. 
Hello everyone I'm good old JR.
Jerry Lawler's voice: and I'm the King Jerry Lawler and we have a great crowd 
here tonight at WM X-9.
JR: Let's kick it off with our first match.
(cut scene to the ring)
Howard Finkle: Ladies and Gentlemen. This match is for one fall and it is for 
the WWF Intercontinental Championship in a
Last Man Standing match.
(England Music)
Howard: Coming down the ring from Black Pool, England. He is the WWF IC 
Champion. William Regal. His opponent...
(Rob Zombie's Never gonna stop song)
Howard: From Toronto, Canada. Edge.
(The match starts and the two began. Then suddenly, Edge spears Regal for the 3 
count.)
Howard: Here is your winner and new champ, Edge.
(Crowd cheers) 
JR: Let's go backstage with GP officer, Kiyone.
(cut scene to backstage)
Kiyone: Stone Cold Steve Austin. Tonight you will face n.W.o member Scott Hall 
and...
Austin: What?
Kiyone: I said you...
Austin: What? You're damn I'll face Scott tongiht and kick his (censored) in 
that ring and celebrate with the lovely Princess
of Jurai and...
(suddenly the n.W.o attack Austin. Moments later the officials pull them apart)
(cut scene to the ring)
Howard: Ladies and Gentlemen. the next match is an Iron-Man tag match. In the 
ring, the Jurai Royal family and the
Hurricane. Their opponents. The Dudley Boyz, Christian, Kurt Angle, and Booker 
T.
(The match starts off with Royal family and Hurricane attacking their opponents. 
Later, the family picks up the victory with
a score of 2-1.)
(cut scene to backstage)
Washu: Undertaker. You and your brother, Kane, will face the Big Show and Kevin 
Nash.
Taker: Yeah Washu and...
(Washu interrupts)
Washu: Call me, LITTLE WASHU.
Kane: Whatever. We will destroy Big Show and Nash tonight. 
(cut scene to the ring)
Howard: Ladies and gentlemen. The next match is a tag team match.
(Limp bizkit rollin' song)
Howard: Coming down the ring. Undertaker and Kane. Their opponents...
(Big show's music)
Howard: The Big Show and Kevin Nash.
(Later the Match ended with Undertaker and Kane picking up the victory)
(cut scene to backstage)
Sasami: Rock, you will face Hulk Hogan tonight.
Rock: You see the Rock has been layeth smacketh down on hulk's candy ass.
you see, princess, the rock will beat Hulk Hogan.
Both: If you smellllllllllllllll...What the Rock......is cooking.
(cut scene to the ring)
Howard: Ladies and gentlemen. this match is for one fall. coming the ring...
(n.W.o music)
Howard: Hulk Hogan. His opponent...
(if you smmmmeeeelllllllllll...what the rock is cooking.)
Howard: The Rock.
(Later, the rock picks up the victory)
(later...)
Howard: the next match is for one fall. Coming down the ring...
(n.W.o music)
Howard: Scott Hall. His opponent...
(glass breaking and heavy metal music)
Howard: Stone Cold Steve Austin.
(Later, Austin wins by DQ)
Howard: Here is your guest ring announcer for tonight's main event...Ryoko.
Ryoko: this match is for one fall and it's for the Undisputed title in TLC 4 
match. Coming down the ring.
(Tenchi Universe music)
Ryoko: Tenchi Misaki. His partner...
(Drowning Pool's bodies music)
Ryoko: Bad Boy Frank. Their opponents...
Titan tron: 4...3...2...1 (Chris' music)
Ryoko: the champion Chris Jericho and Kagato.
(the match begins. Later Bad Boy climbed the ladder and grabbed the belt to win.
Ryoko: Here is your winner and new champion: Bad Boy Frank.
(Crowd cheers)
(end of WM X-9)
(Note: after the event Bad Boy and Tenchi recieved allot of kisses from the 
Tenchi girls.)
 
The End
