Washu Wrestling Federation - Introduction : "The rainy parking lot"


Copyright note. I don't own any tenchi characters, or any wwf characters, 
They all belong to their respective companies. Please don't sue me as i'll 
cry lots.

Further notes: This is my first fic, although it will (already is) out of 
date with the WWF sotrylines i shall do my best to keep them up. Any 
criticism is welcome, but out right slagging off isn't.









INTRODUCTION - The Rainy Parking Lot.

Booker T had lost another match, As he was leaving the arena his emotions 
were really down. He'd left his Time Warner contract due to the promises and 
tales weaved to him by Vince Macman. Now, he had lost both his WcW titles, 
been serverely overshadowed by Rob Van Dam, Lost his Tag title with in a 
week of getting it and to top it all, had lost a match to 'The Big Show' of 
all people. He wasn't happy, things really were looking bleak for him.

Booker clicked his key ring and his nearby cars alarm bleeped off. Booker 
headed over and opened the door. He threw his gym bag over onto the 
passenger side and slumped down into the drivers seat. He let out a deep 
sigh and rested his head on the steering wheel…..Really, where was his 
career going? Vince and Steph just seemed interested in Burying Booker, 
After all it had taken to get in the top ranks too. Had he wronged the 
Mcmans in a previous life or something?

Then a sound caught Bookers ears, footsteps approaching his car. Booker 
looked up and came face to face with one of the cutest women he'd ever seen. 
She was short, probably young, wearing a nurses coat and she had big pink 
spiky hair, for a few fleeting seconds Booker wondered how much Gel it must 
take to keep her hair like that.

Then she spoke….

"Booker T?" Her voice was cheeky, Squeeky and it instantly bought a smile to 
his face.
"That's me, I'm the Booker man. You wanna autograph little lady?"He replied, 
a smile crossing his face for the first time that evening.
"Well no, not exactly. I've come here to offer you a deal, a new contract if 
you would"
This did sound amusing, a small nurse offering him a contract, ha, like she 
could match the thousands Vince was paying him. Booker thought before he 
spoke, not wanting to upset the girl.
"No offense but I'm already working for Vince, I doubt you could offer me 
that kind of chance" He smiled again, The young girl didn't.
"I'm not offering you cash Booker, I'm offering you the chance to be the 
best damn wrestler in the universe!" The nurse smiled. Booker smiled, he 
liked her sense of humour.
"Really! Sounds fun, you working for Hogan? Dusty?"
"No, I'm working for Washu Wrestling Federation. The WWF! But a better one 
than this one you work for. I'll make you into a real star, I think you have 
potential. I won't make you out to be a loser just like Vince have. Lets 
face it Booker, You are looking like a loser."
The smile dropped from Bookers face, Ok, fair enough, she was right, but she 
didn't need to say it.
"Tell me you just didn't say that!" He sighed.
"What? Call you a loser?" She replied.
"Tell me….." He started but the girl cut in.
"Oh shut up, you are talking to me now! Talk real!" She snapped.
Bookers eyes opened wide and he stared at her, She really was a fascinating 
person, most definitely a nut case.
"So just who are you then miss?" He asked coolly.
"I'm Washu, the greatest Scientific genius in the universe!" She proudly 
replied.
Booker laughed and pulled his door too.
"Ok Miss genius, I really gotta get going now. Thanks for…err…the chat." He 
smiled politely. Washu just stared back at him through the car window.
"It's a serious offer Booker! Don't dismiss it!"
Was it his nice side that made him humour her? Was he really interested, or 
was he just trying to get rid of her. Who could tell, but Booker slowly 
wound down the window.
"Ok, leave me a contact number" He said. The girl reached into her pocket 
and passed him a cd. It was a copied one that had WashuWF scrawled over the 
front in marker. Booker looked at it.
"It's a DvD Booker, I assume you have a DvD player?" Washu stated, breaking 
him from some confused thought.
"Er…yeah of course I do" He replied.
"good!" Washu smiled, losing the serious atmosphere she clapped her hands 
together and turned away she began heading away from the car. Booker looked 
out the window after her.
"So what about the contact number?" he called after her.
"Its all on there Booker! Watch it, You'll be amazed by what you see!" She 
answered, not even looking back. Booker placed the DvD on the passenger seat 
and quickly opened the door, he got out and ran down to the end of the car 
looking to catch Washu before she left. But she was gone, The carpark was 
empty. Booker looked back and forth as rain started to drizzle about him.
"What the hell, where'd she go?" He mumbled to himself. The rain began to 
pour and he hurried back to his car. He got in and belted up, He switched on 
the radio and started the engine. He left the carpark and made his way back 
to his apartment.

