Disclaimer: All the following characters (with the exception of those from
OoF!) are not my creation. Tenchi characters belong to their respected
creator and are property of Pioneer. All Smash Bros. characters are property
of Hal. and Nintendo Inc. Yadda yadda and so forth. OoF! (Yes, the last ’F’
is capitalized) is an original creation by yours truly. Although I have no
patent, should you feel any need to use these characters (only God knows
why...) Please let me know (email address provided below.) Please be aware
that this story contains violence, small drug use (just cigars), swearing,
small sexual content, and other stuff that is bad and might offend some
people. Also, most of the characters in OoF! are based off real people, so
for their privacy purposes, their last names will not be mentioned. If you
wish to comment, complement, insult the story, insult one of my loved ones,
or inform me that my work (aka crap) is about to be subjected to MST-ing,
please reach me at darksavior15@yahoo.com. Thank you.



                                 And Now...

                              Crossed Spectrums

                                 Part Three:

          No Need for Irritating Love Triangles, or Evil Happenings

After the chaos that had ensued, they groups had figured it was best to
recuperate and get back home as quickly as possible. Oof, still in his Super
Oof form, was running alongside the speeding Masaki mini-van. His thoughts
drowned and mashed together. Who was the Yumashinto? A demon obviously, but
what did he want? Why did he take Roy and King Oof? What did he need from
them? And how was it possible for him to into his super form here?

You see, with the exception of Heather, the characters who HAVE the ability
to increase their power by upgrading to different forms, can typically only
power up to these forms with the help of a person or object close to them.
This person or object would channel holy energy into the receiver, thus
powering them up to their next form. For Oof, it required Game Cube (robot
mentioned in first part of fanfic) to achieve his Super Oof form. And then
George powered him up to his Holy Oof form (George is after all, a fruit
from the Garden of Eden, thus explaining his powers and his holy relation to
Oof.)

The point was, Oof should not have been muscular, or blonde haired, or blue
eyed. This was wrong. GC was not here to channel holy energy into him. There
was no logical way this could be happening. Something else was responsible
for this. Whatever it was, something about it worried him.

The trip back to the Masaki residence seemed far shorter than the trip up.
The group arrived, tired and exhausted. The events of that night had not
been exactly enjoyable. Wahsu waited on the front door step, almost as if
she knew they’d return.

“Washu?” Tenchi curiously asked, as he stepped into the light being cast
from the open doorway. “What on earth are you doing up?”

“I saw the news. I figured you guys would want some medical aid.” She looked
over Tenchi’s horribly wounded body. Blood poured from the numerous gashes
across his body. She simply nodded to herself and continued,

“Yeah, you guys better come in. I think I have a bit of explaining to do.”

After everyone received proper medical attention, Wahsu summoned everyone to
a prodigious computer monitor she had assembled downstairs. The enormous
black monitor flickered a holographic image of a “play” button.

“Okay Wahsu,” George spoke as he sat down, “What is dis all about mon?”

“Before I begin,” Washu started, “I want to say I’m sorry. I can imagine how
tired you all must be.”

“THAT’S for sure,” Ryoko angrily grumbled. Washu merely shot her former
partner an irritated glance. Washu then continued,

“Okay, first off, let me explain just exactly what you were fighting against
back there. I’m sure most of you by now figured out that you were not
dealing with something from this plain of existence.”

“...We weren’t?” Bowser asked, rubbing his head. The group simply shot him a
glance of sheer anger. Washu sighed and continued,

“Okay people! Listen up!” Washu pulled out a pointer from her pocket and
pressed the holographic play button. The computer began to flash images of
some demon, the one that had identified itself as Yumashinto. It appeared
that the demon was in the middle of a killing spree, blood splattering
across the ground, and the screams of thousands being drowned out by the
silence of death. In one of the images played, Yumashinto had dug his hand
into the stomach of some warrior, and ripped out his intestines. Kirby,
though accustomed to violence, had never seen such horrific acts. He had
acted ferociously at the battle, slicing groups of demons in two. But
this...was unspeakable. The fiend now held the intestines in front of the
dying warrior’s face, then began to wrap them around the warrior’s neck,
laughing at the warrior chocking back his own blood. Kirby, too terrified to
continue, buried his head into Sasami’s lap.

“MAKE IT STOP! MAKE IT STOP!” he screamed, almost in agony.

Washu paused the screen.

“I sent a camera-drone to monitor the area you guys were in after I saw what
was happening on the news,” Washu explained, “And I managed to hear that his
name was Yumashinto when you were talking to him. I decided I’d investigate,
so I began a search over the inter-stellar web. As it turns out, Yumashinto
is an ancient demon warlord, originally one of Satan’s closest generals.”

“So what happened?” Jay pondered.

“Simple Jay,” Washu replied as-a-matter-of-factly. “As with most insane and
powerful dictators, he became corrupted by power. General wasn’t enough, so
he began a campaign to overthrow Hell and rule it his own way. He succeeded
in over throwing Satan, and then began his journey to make all to his
ideals. Sadly for him, God refused to permit this. So, Yumashinto’s plans
feel short. God sent an entire legion of archangels to stop his armies, and
they succeeded with little trouble. However, once he felt he could no longer
control the universes, he simply decided he would destroy EVERYTHING God had
created. Earth, the galaxy, each and every different dimension, and
eventually, Heaven and Hell. Only God would remain.”

“Holy crap,” Oof whispered, awe struck.

“Doesn’t he know he’d kill himself?” Heather asked, confused by the
stupidity of the act.

“I don’t-a think he cared,” Mario glumly guessed. “But Washu, How could
this-a guy possibly-a do all of that?”

“Yeah, how could he do that? He can’t be THAT powerful,” Bowser objected.

“He’s not. But the Final Sphere of Hell is.”

“The Final Sphere of Hell?” Mike echoed. “What in the fuck is that? Heh
heh?”

Washu stared towards the ceiling, gathering her thoughts. After a quiet
sigh, she gazed towards the group.

“The Final Sphere of Hell was a weapon created by Satan to use in the final
battle against God. However, once Satan was overthrown, Yumashinto took the
sphere and claimed it as his own. He soon mastered how to use it, just in
case he would have to.”

“So, what exactly can it do?” Falco asked.

“It is capable of wiping out everything in existence except God himself.”

“...Mon, dat REALLY sucks,” George sighed.

“I’ll say,” Heather concurred. “It’s a wonder they even beat this asshole in
the first place.”

Washu used the pointer and pushed it on the screen. It fast forwarded the
computer to an image of five different colored pillars.

“Well Heather, believe it or not they did. God sent Michael, leader of the
archangels, to stop Yumashinto. Michael barely managed to defeat the ass,
but he did it. Once he was defeated, the angels used all the holiness and
good in the world to power a set of five chains. These chains would hold
Yumashinto in a dark prison dimension forever. The Final Sphere of Hell was
taken away, and with the help of the Mortal Pillars, five beings selected to
hold each of the elements of mortality, they sealed away the sphere.”

“You said,” Al began “That this fuck nut was trapped forever. What the fuck
happened?”

“Obviously, as humanity became more evil, the chains grew less powerful.
Some how, he broke free. And now he is after the Five Mortal Pillars. Earth,
Fire, Water, Soul, and Shadow. I imagine that is why he captured Roy and
King Oof.”

“That doesn’t sound pleasant,” Kiyone whispered. “If he’s as powerful and
crazy as you claim he is Washu, then we are ALL in a lot of danger.”

“Do you think he’s going to kill King Oof and Roy?” Peach asked, concern in
her voice.

“I doubt it. According to this, he needs all five Mortal Pillars together
and ALIVE to get the sphere back. He, more than likely, is responsible for
bringing all of you here.”

“Why did he bring us to you guys? Heh heh?” Mike asked.

“It doesn’t make much sense,” Sasami agreed.

“Of course it does,” Nashant began “If we are all gathered in one place,
that is less trouble he has to go to.”

“Who do you suppose the other three could be?” Alex asked

“I dunno,” Falco said “But I’m sure as hell not going to let him get anyone
else.”

“Agreed,” Ayeka nodded, “Washu, if you don’t mind, I’d like to stay up with
you and help you see if we can do anything to prevent Yumashinto from
getting the other three.”

“Sure,” Washu replied, “I always like company.”

“Well,” Jay interrupted, “Let’s get some sleep.”

“Yeah mon.”

“Yes, I feel we’re going to need it,” Tenchi sighed.

The others marched to their rooms, but Oof slowly crept over to Washu. He
explained how had transformed, which was why he looked different, and asked
if maybe she knew something as to how he could transform without GC. Washu
sighed and whispered,

“Oof, remember how I used the analogy of you guys being like a bug in our
dimension?”

“Yeah.”

“Well, this could be a symptom of the beginning to the death of our
universe. Ya see, eventually, Reality in this dimension will start to not
make sense. For example, tomorrow, Ryoko could wake up a robot or with four
arms or something.”

“You said we had a month!”

“Well, that might be changing now. Yumashinto’s presence is causing a
serious unbalance in our dimension. You all may have to leave sooner than
expected.”

“Not without the others,” Oof growled. He then simply stormed off.

Oof sat outside the room where Heather was. He couldn’t sleep. His mind was
swimming with thoughts of death and the evil that Yumashinto waited to bring
them. The only comfort he received was the look of serenity upon Heather’s
face as she slept. God how he loved her. She knew he did. But Oof didn’t
think she understood just HOW much he loved her. Oof noticed her covers were
tossed slightly, and it revealed she was dressed in a somewhat revealing
sleeping clothes. Suddenly, Oof’s Consciences appeared on his shoulders.

“Oof!” Evil Conscience encouraged “She’s asleep! It’s a victimless crime! Go
ahead! Indulge yourself!”

“Oof! How could you even think such a thing!? That’s sick! If you love her,
you’ll leave her be!”

“Fuck off goody good! Oof! You wanna be a virgin through HIGH SCHOOL?!
Everyone’s getting laid at your age! Don’t miss out man!”

“Don’t talk to me like that lint trap! And anyway Oof, don’t believe him.
There are plenty of virgins older than you. There is nothing wrong with
virgins.”

“SURE THERE IS!”

“You, shut up.”

“MAKE ME GOODY GOOD!”
Oof finally spoke up, anger growling at the back of his throat.

“I am in NO mood for your crap tonight. Get, the fuck, lost. Both of you.”

The two entities were taken back. They sighed and silently complied,
vanishing in a puff of smoke. Oof was left sitting in the shadow by
Heather’s doorframe, determined he’d watch her throughout the night.

Tenchi sat on the roof. He felt this was his fault. All of it. If only he
hadn’t had that stupid vision. Tenchi sighed. The stress of everything
finally caved in on him.

“God, please help me. I’m just a man. I can’t fight a being of darkness.
Please lord, help me.”

And with that, Tenchi buried his face in his hands, and cried silently to
star lit sky.

Kiyone sighed. From her the corner of her room she could see Oof sitting
against the doorframe of Heather’s room. He was in love with her. She could
see that so clearly now. How could Heather simply ignore him? He was sitting
there through the whole night, alone. Staying awake just for the simple
satisfaction of knowing she was safe. Kiyone sighed.

“Why can’t I have a prince in shinning armor?”

She looked back at Oof and smiled. Then she gasped and blushed heavily.

Was she falling in love with him?

Kiyone shook her head, rolling the thought from her mind. She pulled her
covers over her further, and sealed her eyes.

“Good night Oof,” She Smiled. “May the morning sun bring you peace.”

And so it did, for as the first gleams of light pierced through Heather’s
window, Oof smiled and collapsed next to the door frame lost in his sleep.
Kiyone woke up and saw Oof curled against the doorframe, drooling on the
floor. She chuckled and went into her closet. She came out with a blanket
which she wrapped around the sleeping swordsman. She then went to go and
summon Mihoshi from her sleep, for they had a full day ahead of them.

Around the afternoon time, everyone had finally risen from their sleep.
Washu summoned them all downstairs and explained her plan.

“Okay everyone!” Washu began. “I narrowed down our list here. After some
conclusive research with the help of the Jurai record files,” Washu smiled
at Ayeka. “We have studied the research of the people who were the original
Mortal Pillars. As it turns out, most of them transported into other
dimensions, and began family lines in other worlds.”

“SO?” Ryoko growled impatiently “Who do we have to watch out for?”

“Simple. After doing the research, I discovered that Roy’s family was
descended from the original Pillar of fire. So eventually, that power was
passed onto Roy. The original Pillar of Earth was eaten by a yeti who was
King Oof’s father. So this explains how King Oof became the Pillar of Earth.

Snow Bird, who had managed to escape before he vanished with King Oof,
sighed at the loss of his dear friend.

“King Oof...” Snow Bird whispered.

“After more research,” Washu continued. “Ayeka and I concluded the Pillar of
Soul migrated to the dimension of Nintendo and founded the Mushroom Kingdom,
and the pillar was eventually bestowed upon Peach when she was born. The
Pillar of Water, was passed on through the Jurai family to the youngest each
generation until now when it has been given to Sasami. And the final one...”

Washu stopped dead. She hung her head sadly.

“Well? Where’s the pillar of shadow?” Tenchi asked.

“We do not know, Lord Tenchi,” Ayeka sighed. “According to the data files,
the Pillar of Shadow was originally a high class Jurai knight. Sadly, he
disappeared during a recon mission, and was never found. It is unsure
whether he is still alive.”

“Do not worry miss Ayeka,” Link wrapped his hand around her shoulder and
smiled “ You still uncovered much. You did well.”

Ayeka blushed.

“Okay,” Bowser grumbled, “We KNOW it’s one of us, so we might as well just
narrow it down.”

Everyone glared at Ryoko.

“What?...WHAT?!”

“She does seem the most likely.” Nashant mentioned.

“Yeah, she certainly does,” Tenchi agreed. “Her personality fits the bill.”

“WHAT IS THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN TENCHI!?” She roared.

“Hmmmm...Who else could it be?” Alex pondered. “Gannondorf? Bowser?”

“NO!” Sasami yelled, leaching to Gannondorf’s leg. “It can’t be Mr.
Gannondorf!”

Gannondorf smiled and brought the child into his lap.

“It most certainly couldn’t be Bowser,” Gannondorf added, “He is an utter
idiot.”

“HEY!”

“Well,” Alex announced, “Who else could it be but Ryoko?”

“It has to be her,” Oof agreed.

“WHY YOU LITTLE...”

“Okay then,” Washu nodded. “Here is what we’re going to do. We are going to
set up people to watch each and every pillar. Tenchi, watch Peach. Bowser,
you watch Ryoko. And Gannondorf can look after Sasami.”

“I’M NOT SOME DAMN KID!!” Ryoko roared “I DON’T NEED SOME ONE TO WATCH OUT
FOR ME!!”

“Gee, I disagree,” Al snorted.

“SHUT UP!”

Bowser sat outside of Ryoko’s room. Lasers barred the door frame. Bowser
gazed towards the blank wall ahead of him.

“Come on Bowser, let me go,” Ryoko begged.

“No.”

“Please?”

“No no.”

“I’ll just phase through this floor if you don’t!”

“No ya won’t” he replied. “Washu put that shield-thingy around it so you
couldn’t, remember?”

“Yeah, well...”

“............” Bowser remained silent.

“PLEEEEEEEEASE?!”

“No,” Bowser repeated. “I was told to watch you, so that’s what I’m gonna do
damn it.”

“Grrrrrrrr...Hey Bowser,” Ryoko suddenly perked up. “How would you like to
play a game?”

Bowser turned his head back so he could see Ryoko. Her smile seemed cunning.
She was up to something.

“What kinda game?”

“Well...I was thinking you would close your eyes, and I could give you
something good to taste?”

Thoughts of kisses whirled through Bowser’s head.

“OKAY!”

“Now, close your eyes and pucker up.”
Bowser complied. While he was distracted, Ryoko grabbed the controls for the
security shield around her. Then, she lowered the door, and sent a fist into
Bowser.

“AGGGGGGGGGGGHHH!”

Bowser hurtled backwards and slammed into the floor. Ryoko lifted the koopa
up and tossed him into the room, sealing it with the shield as she did.
Bowser lifted his head up.

“HEY! WHAT THE HELL!? YOU LYING BITCH!!”

“Man, you are a dumb ass,” Ryoko chuckled. She walked away with a smile.

Gannondorf held Sasami in his lap. He held the book of fables with his other
hand.

“...And so, the beautiful princess lived happily ever after. The end.” He
sealed the book and looked at Sasami. She had fallen fast asleep. The poor
thing. She had been through much, and knowing now she was the target for
kidnapping hadn’t helped. But Gannondorf wasn’t about to let that happen. He
smiled at her innocent face.

Ironic. Only a week or so ago, he had been filled with hatred and rage. Now,
he gazed on her, and he couldn’t bring himself to hate anything except those
who threatened her. His hatred for Link and Princess Zelda didn’t even exist
anymore. He smiled again on the sleeping child.

“Do not worry Sasami. I shall be here for you, always protecting.”

Tenchi sat by Peach. He had gotten to talking with her, and discovered that
the both had a lot in common. As it turns out, she had began to fall for
Alex. Tenchi joked and then said he thought he was falling for Heather.

“Well,” Peach suggested, “I know Ayeka, Kiyone, and Mihoshi feel similarly.
Why don’t we get everyone together, plot some kind of secret dinner, and we
can each be alone with whomever we want. Who knows what could happen?” Peach
smiled.

“But what about Mario?”

Peach sighed.

“I love Mario, just...not in the same way I used to.”

Tenchi gazed at the princess. He wasn’t sure she knew what love was. But
that was alright. Maybe she was right.

“Okay then,” Tenchi agreed. “After I get off duty, we can go and take care
of arrangements.”

“Awesome! Sounds great!”

Jay sat in the field by the house. The clouds slid through the sky, silently
and quickly. Nashant saw Jay out in the field and came over to him.

“Is something wrong Jay?”

“...Nah, I guess not. It’s just I didn’t figure I’d be spending my summer
saving the world.”

“Neither did I,” Nashant laughed. “And yet, here we are.”

“...I kinda miss home, man.”

“I do too Jay. But we aren’t going to be able to go home without King Oof.
We can’t leave him here.”

“But...I dunno, Oof has been worrying me lately...”

Nashant gave Jay a puzzled look.

“What do you mean?”

“Ever since yesterday, he’s become all somber and quiet. It’s not like him.
He’s startin’ to worry me,” Jay explained.

“Well...” Nashant began. But he couldn’t finish. Nashant was not as wise as
everyone thought he was. He could answer some questions. But he couldn’t
analyze a person. He was only human, not a wise guru.

“...I don’t know what to tell you.”

“It’s not Oof’s fault,” A voice chimed in. It was Link. He slowly approached
the two friends from the house.

“What do you mean Link?”

“Simple, Oof is swept up in storm of emotions. He is confused, because he
was able to become his ‘super’ form without summoning the holy powers. Also,
he is concerned, because he is afraid that now his friends...and Heather,
are in more danger than he might be able to handle.”

“How do you know all this?” Jay asked, amazed at Link’s wisdom.

“Well, let’s call it experience,” Link replied. Suddenly, from the house, a
voice rang shrilly.

“SWEET JESUS SASAMI! WHAT HAPPENED!?!”

The three companions looked at each other and looked towards the house.

“Do you think she’s okay?”

“Let’s go see! Hurry!” Nashant advised, rushing ahead of the other two.

Mario was in the front yard, gazing out towards the road. Falco crept up to
him and sat beside him.

“You okay man?” Falco asked.

“Huh? Oh, hey-a Falco. Yeah, I’m-a okay. Just-a thinkin.”

“Well come on Mario, we’re friends. You can tell me.”

“Well...okay.”

“Sooo...what’s bothering you man? You’re strongest guy here! What could be
possibly keepin’ you down?”

“...Falco, Peach isn’t-a in love with-a me anymore.”

“WHAT?! That is crazy. Dude, she is obsessed with you!”

“Really? Have you seen the way she hovers-a around Alex?”

“...Actually, I did kinda notice...”

“See?”

“Well, don’t give up hope man, I’m sure she isn’t planning anything...”

Jay, Link, and Nashant rushed inside the house. A group consisting of
Mihoshi, Kiyone, Gannondorf, Al, and Kirby hovered around the couch. As the
three entering companions drew closer, they noticed lying on the couch was a
girl at least eighteen, who had a striking resemblance to Sasami.

Then it occurred to them.

“What the hell...?” Jay spoke first. “...Sasami?”

“Jay!” Sasami replied, “Something’s wrong! I was asleep and suddenly I woke
up and...”

“We came in and found her like this,” Kirby explained. “We’re not sure what
happened to her, but it sure is spooky.”

“That is something of an understatement,” Nasahnt commented.

“WHAT DID YOU DO TO HER GANNONDORF!?” Kiyone roared “YOU WERE THE LAST ONE
WITH HER!! I SWEAR TO GOD IF YOU HAD ANY SICK PLANS...”

“Kiyone please! Gannondorf WAS an evil wizard, but Sasami has changed him,”
Link objected. “I doubt...”

A growl deep in Gannondorf’s throat interrupted Link. Gannondorf glared at
Kiyone and then bellowed back at her,

“HOW DARE YOU WENCH! I ADMIT I FEEL LOVE FOR SASAMI, BUT NOT OF THAT KIND!!
AFTER ALL I HAVE DONE FOR YOU PEOPLE, AND YOU ACCUSE ME WITH THESE WILD
IDEAS?!”

“Ummmm...I’m sure it was nothing,” Kirby suggested, trying to calm the group
down “I don’t think Gannondorf did this, I’m sure everything is horky...”

Gannondorf drew his sword and held it against Kiyone’s throat.

“Aw shit,” Al muttered.

“I SHOULD SLIT YOUR FOUL THROAT HERE!”

“Let Kiyone go!” Mihoshi warned, drawing her pistol.

“MIHOSHI YOU DUMB BROAD!” Al roared “WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING!? DON’T
FIRE A LIVE ROUND IN HERE!”

“Mihoshi! Stop!” Kiyone replied. But it was too late. Mihoshi squeezed too
hard, and the barrel released a concentrated beam. It just barely singed by
Gannondorf’s shoulder.

“How...DARE YOU!”

Gannondorf charged at Mihoshi, but Jay and Link jumped in the way. Jay
slammed Gannondorf in the stomach, which slowed the behemoth down. Link
simply used his the Master Sword to smash Gannondorf’s blade from his hand.
Al then jumped on his head and brought him to the ground. Jay grabbed
Gannondorf and pinned him to the floor.

“GANNON!” Jay roared as he pinned the man to the ground. “WHAT THE HELL IS
WRONG WITH YOU!?”

“LET ME GO!!” He hissed.

“Gannondorf,” Nahsant finally called from the back of the group. “What are
you doing?”

Gannondorf looked at his younger friend.

“This is stupid. You are about to kill your friends over a stupid
accusation? Listen, we’re all a little stressed right now, but please, keep
it together. Look at Sasami.”

Gannondorf rotated his and gazed into Sasami’s pink eyes. They were full of
fear. The look on her face that Gannondorf hated so much, he created
himself.

“I...I...”

“Gannondorf,” Nashnat continued, “Do you think Sasami wants to see this?”

Gannondorf sighed and calmly pushed Jay off him. He walked over to the
rattled Kiyone and Mihoshi.

“I...I am sorry. My actions tend to do my thinking for me.”

“That’s alright. I shouldn’t have been so quick to judge,” Kiyone admitted.

“I’m sorry I shot you, Mr. Gannondorf,” Mihoshi added.

“It is alright.”

Gannondorf then marched over to Sasami and wrapped her arms around her.

“I am so sorry, my child.”

“It...it’s okay, Mr. Gannondorf.”

Nashant looked at Jay.

“Are you alright Jay?”

“Yeah, but I gotta admit, I NEVER thought I’d have to do something that
stupid. I could have been killed.”

“You never know what the next day will bring,” Nashant replied.

“Yeah,” Jay agreed. “I guess so.”

Kiyone walked to Mihoshi and dragged her over to a corner. She leaned over
and whispered into Mihoshi’s ear.

“Mihoshi, the problem still remains as to what exactly caused all this.”

“Monkeys?”

“...No Mihoshi. Listen, I want you to talk with Washu and see what you can
dig up. As members of the Galaxy Police, we should check into any
disturbances of the peace in our sector, no matter how big the problem. I
would qualify this as something the Galaxy Police should check in about. I
want you to talk with Washu and see what you can get. Double or nothing she
has some info on something of this matter. And if she doesn’t, she can
easily dig it up. After you get some dirt, I want you to then send the info
to Galaxy Police Headquarters. Got that?”

“...Yeah, I guess so,” the blonde replied, obviously confused.

“Good enough.”

“But Kiyone!” Mihoshi suddenly objected. “What about the thing Peach
planned?”

Kiyone’s memory snapped back to the plans she had made with the princess.
She, Mihoshi, Tenchi, Peach and Ayeka, had plans to lure their crushes in
and confess their love. Kiyone had forgotten about this. Which surprised
her, because Oof had been on her mind all day.

“...Well, then hurry with the report.” Kiyone advised. And with that, the
officer marched up the stairs.

Yumashinto sat back in his hidden location outside space and time, rolling
with laughter. Their universe was slowly falling to chaos, he was seeking
the five mortal pillars, and what were the humans doing? Worrying about LOVE
affairs, of all the stupid, trivial things. Yumashinto couldn’t stop
laughing. How could he have possibly over estimated these fools? Finally,
the demon stopped long enough to remember the look in the three choosen
warrior’s eyes. Oof, Mario, and Tenchi. Though he didn’t fight any of them,
he could tell by that look that they were serious warriors, and they were
the only ones whom he shouldn’t under estimate. Then again, he shouldn’t
over estimate them either, as they so clearly proved by their obnoxious
behavior. Yumashinto stood from his seat.

“I believe now is the perfect opportunity, to pay a visit to the Masaki
residence. I am most certain, that my presence will be quite welcomed.
Besides, I still have three Mortal Pillars to obtain. And then the Final
Sphere of Hell.”



Kiyone lit the pair of candles. She made sure the straps of her sparkling
red dress were on properly. The room was dimmed, and the music was playing.
As soon as she pulled dinner from the oven, the romantic evening would be
complete. Kiyone remembered the plans as Peach had discussed them. She had
assigned each person an area of the house for their own. Tenchi claimed the
field in the back yard, Peach took the upstairs office, Mihoshi took the
kitchen, Ayeka took refuge on the roof, and Kiyone claimed the kitchen.
Peach had taken care of the others. She had given them all money and told
them to take a break. Mario gave her a somber look as she gave him the yen,
almost as if he know exactly what she was trying to do. But he then covered
it with a forced smile.

“Okey-dokey Peach. We’ll-a take Ryoko and-a Sasami into town with-a us to be
safe. You just-a make sure you’re-a safe too.”

Kiyone remembered Peach telling her about the look on Mario’s face. it made
Kiyone so sad.

“Poor guy.”

This wasn’t the only thing occupying Kiyone’s mind. Mihoshi had found out
what had caused Sasami’s sudden growth spurt. This was a falter in the
dimension’s reality. This kind of event only happened when an outsider from
a dimension has been there for too long, and the dimension was close to
collapsing in on itself. Kiyone sighed.

“Wonderful. Now I have to worry about saving the world, stopping a demon,
and my love life. Sheesh.”

Suddenly, the door squeaked open. Kiyone’s heart beat faster, as she heard
Oof’s voice call across the room.

“Lucy! I’m...”

Oof gazed at the seductively dressed Kiyone, and the scenery that inhabited
the living room.

“...Home?”

Kiyone smiled. The thoughts that fluttered in her mind vanished as she
stared at him.

“Hi Oof. I figured you might be tired after voluntarily patrolling the
house. How about something to eat?”

Oof stared at the romantic surroundings. He blinked. Then he blinked again.

“Ummmm...this is a little odd. Where is everyone else?”

“Well, Peach and I figured it might be safer if we broke up the group a
little. Ya know, so Yumashinto couldn’t get us all in one sweep. So, we sent
Sasami, Ryoko and a few others out on the town.”

“Sooo...” Oof asked nervously. “I’m all alone?”

“Well,” Kiyone began, wrapping herself around Oof and gazing into his eyes.
“I’m here to keep you company.”

“....Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...”

Oof’s consciences suddenly flashed on his shoulder. Evil Conscience leaned
over and whispered in Oof’s ear.

“Come on man...” Evil Conscience began, “She SOOOO wants you. Dude, has that
bitch Heather ever thrown herself at you like this? Dude, this is a golden
opportunity. Fuck da broad and forget her when you guys leave. It’s prefect!
>=)”

“Oof, don’t do it,” Good Conscience spoke. “Your heart belongs to another.
Even though Heather may not seem interested, give it time. Love does not
appear within a day.”

“FUCK LOVE!” Evil Conscience roared, spitting at Good Conscience’s feet.
“GET SOME LOVEIN’! THERE’S TIME FOR THAT EMOTIONAL CRAP LATER!!”

Oof growled and shrugged the two of them out of his mind. He then pushed
Kiyone away from him.

“Oof? What’s wrong?”

“THIS IS!!” Oof bellowed. “Kiyone, I am in love with someone else! Listen,
this is very flattering to say the least. But...Kiyone, I love Heather.”

“.....”

“I’m sorry Kiyone.”

“Well,” Kiyone began, struggling to hold back tears. “I feel like an ass.”

“Don’t be,” Oof began “Kiyone, God gives us all sorts of crazy twists in
life. Take me for example.”

Oof pointed to himself. He was still in his super form.

“I look like a freakin’ anime rip off. I shouldn’t be able to do this. And
believe it or not, I got another form I can go to after this. But God does
weird things. God sent his messenger, The Omnipotent Being, and gave me
these forms because some how this fits into God’s plan. Hell, if that ain’t
enough, God had me fall in love with some girl who probably couldn’t care
too much about me anyway. But even still, I don’t mind. And I bet God has
some crazy plan worked involving that. Undoubtedly, this whole thing has
some divine plan too. I bet even though we won’t be together, I may lead you
to someone else who will be there for you.”

“...Thanks Oof,” Kiyone smiled sadly.

“Now, I need to go talk to Heather. Do you know where she is?”

Kiyone remembered Tenchi.

“Uhhhhh...no, I can’t say that I do...”

Suddenly, Oof heard Tenchi scramble by the window. Oof looked out and saw he
was finely dressed...

And talking with Heather. He held a bouquet of flowers in his hand and a
look in his eyes that Oof had seen in himself when he stared at her...

“...............................That FUCKER!!!” Oof roared!

“OOF! WAIT!!!” Kioyne pleaded, trying to hold Oof back as he marched out the
door. She sadly dragged along behind him.

“Peach, what are you doing?” Alex asked as the princess lavished herself on
him.

“What’s wrong Alex? It’s just the two of us.”

“That would BE the problem,” Alex explained.

“Why does this bother you?” She asked him.

“BECAUSE YOU’RE SUPPOSED TO LOVE MARIO!!” Alex blurted loudly

Peach released Alex from her clutches. She stepped back slowly. Alex sighed
and continued,

“Listen, Peach, I‘m sorry. I didn’t want to hurt you. But I can assure you,
whatever you are feeling, it’s just a physical attraction. And while I will
admit this is rather flattering, I am not ready for a relationship yet.
Especially one with a woman twice my age and whom I probably won’t ever see
again in a few days. But you have Mario, who genuinely loves you. And I can
tell, you genuinely love him.”

“...You’re right,” Peach smiled. “I’m being foolish. I still DO love Mario,
and I think I should tell him that. Thank you Alex. You will make some lady
happy someday.”

Suddenly below them, they heard Oof roar angirly

“YOU LITTLE FUCKER!!”
“OOF?! What? What are you..?”

“DON’T BOTHER TALKING!! YOU’RE HEAD IS GONNA BE ROLLING IN A SECOND
ANYWAY!!”

“W...w...what on earth?!” Alex stuttered.

“This can’t be good!” Peach commented, running down the stairs. Alex rushed
along behind her.

Mihoshi made a gun out of her hands. She pointed it at Jay

“Bang. You hit the bull’s eye cowboy.”

“Uhhhhh...” Jay glanced around. “What the hell are you talking about
Mihoshi? You’re kinda worrying me. More so than usual.”

“Jay, I love you. Kiss me.”

“Uhhh...no.”

Mihoshi ignored him and passionately kissed him. Jay sat still for a moment,
his eyes bulging from his head. He then blinked and tossed Mihoshi to the
ground.

“Ooooooooo Owwie! There’s no need to be so rough!” Mihoshi objected.

“Mihoshi, I can’t do this. I don’t love you. And I can tell you one thing
you don’t love me either. I mean, hell, I’m not much to look at.”

“I think you’re really cute.”

“...Shut up will ya?!” Jay bellowed. He sighed and continued.

“Look, Mihoshi, this is cute and all. But I don’t like you that way. You’re
an anime character for christ’s sake! You are cool to be with, and that is
fine. But...we can’t be anything more than that. Sorry Mihoshi.”

Mihoshi looked up from the floor.

“Sorry, I wasn’t paying attention.”

“...We can’t be together,” Jay summed it up.

“Oh. Okay ^_^.”

Suddenly, from behind the kitchen door...

“...............................That FUCKER!!!” Oof roared!

“OOF! WAIT!!!”

“Ah shit...That probably wasn’t good.” Jay groaned.

“That was Kiyone! We better see what’s wrong!” Mihoshi and Jay ran out the
door together. Inside Jay’s head, he was praying to God Oof wasn’t about to
go and kill someone.

On the roof, Ayeka sat patiently, waiting for Link to march up the stairs
and climb out the window. Oh, how she wished to preach her love to him. Link
stepped out the window.

“Miss Ayeka, you wanted to see me?”
Link gazed around. Ayeka had managed to set up a small table, dinner, and
candles. HOW she had done this, puzzled Link. Why was bothering him even
more.

“Ummmmm...Miss Ayeka, what is this?”

Ayeka came over and looked into Link’s eyes.
“Lord Link...”

“......................................”

“Do you remember asking me if I have ever been loved?”

“.......Yes.....”

“I cannot answer that one for certain. But I want you to know...”

Ayeka paused and closed her eyes. She managed to pull all her thoughts
together.

“....I love you, Lord Link.”

Link stepped back, and gazed at the young princess.

“...What?”
“I love you Lord Link.”

“No,” Link objected. “No you don’t.”

“But Lord Link, I must certainly...”

“No,” He cut her off. “No you don’t. Ayeka, this is ridiculous. It is
obvious you find me attractive, and that is all. You are not the first woman
to look at me with those eyes. But even if you do love me, which I can tell
by the way you look at Tenchi you do not, My heart has been taken. I already
have a woman whom I love, and she loves me. I have Princess Zelda to comfort
my wounds back home. I am sorry Miss Ayeka. There is nothing between us. And
there never will be.”

Link stared at her sternly. Ayeka stepped back, pain engulfing her eyes.
Suddenly, a pair of voices rose from the ground.

“YOU LITTLE FUCKER!!”
“OOF?! What? What are you..?”

“DON’T BOTHER TALKING!! YOU’RE HEAD IS GONNA BE ROLLING IN A SECOND
ANYWAY!!”

“That sounded like Oof and Tenchi!” Link rang. “We must hurry!”

Ayeka did not raise her head. She simply nodded and ran behind Link.

Tenchi had managed to dig out his best suit. He went into Tokyo earlier that
say and bought a bouquet of flowers. They all smelled fragrant, and looked
wonderful. He hoped this would help win over Heather. Suddenly, Heather
emerged from around the corner.

“Ummm...Hello? Is there someone here? I was told to come here, but all I see
is a table...”

“Crap!” Tenchi swore. He scrambled out of the bushes, past the window, and
into the clearing.

“Tenchi?”

“Hi Heather.”

Heather burst into laughter.

“What’s with the penguin suit?” She chuckled. Tenchi seemed distraught and
looked at the bouquet in his hand.

“Here! for you!” he said, remembering their purpose. Heather examined the
flowers curiously.

“Ummmmm...Thanks. Tenchi, what the hell is this all about?”

“Heather, there is something I have to say...”

“.................Oh no.”

“Oh no what?” Tenchi asked.

“No no no no NO. Tenchi, if the next words out of your mouth are ’I love
you’, I’m pulling out my scythe and splitting you in half.”

Tenchi held his hands behind his back. He remained quiet.

“Ah geez Tenchi. Okay look. First of all, I have enough problems with Oof
acting all obsessive over me, I don’t need you doing it too. Secondly, there
couldn’t be anything between us anyway. For one, I’m never gonna see you
again, two, I don’t feel anything for you, and three, I don’t feel any love
for any GUY yet period. I’m sure I’ll fall in love someday, but not yet.
Sorry Tenchi, but that’s the way it is.”

Tenchi stood silent, his head hung towards the ground. It snapped back up
with a smile on his face.

“Thanks Heather. Maybe all I needed was for you to say...”

“YOU LITTLE FUCKER!!” A voice called
“OOF?! What? What are you..?” Tenchi began.

“DON’T BOTHER TALKING!! YOU’RE HEAD IS GONNA BE ROLLING IN A SECOND
ANYWAY!!”

Oof drew the Big Oof from his scabbard and brought it down three inches from
Tenchi. It would have been significantly closer, had Tenchi not dogged the
blow.

“OOF! CALM DOWN!!!”

“FUCK YOU!!!” Oof roared, swinging the broad sword through the air.

Tenchi was left with no other alternative. The sword of Jurai was unsheathed
and began to blaze brightly. Tenchi rushed at Oof and stopped his blow,
followed by two slashes to Oof’s chest. Oof groaned and shook off the blows,
and then slashed Tenchi across the chest. Tenchi bellowed in pain, and
crouched to the ground holding his chest. He was in pain, but he was not
about to lose. Tenchi rolled backwards as Oof brought the enormous blade
down to where Tenchi had been crouching, and Tenchi jabbed the Jurai blade
through Oof’s shoulder six times. Oof roared in agony as he stumbled
backwards. His right hand held the enormous blade, his left held his wounds.
Oof growled like an insane animal and rushed at Tenchi. Tenchi blocked his
first blow, than his second, than the third. Tenchi tired to make a blow of
his own, but Oof blocked it and tripped him. As Tenchi laid on the ground,
he saw Oof hovering over him. Oof’s eyes burned with hatred, as the sword
was about to slice Tenc hi’s head in two, Jay and Link came up behind Oof
and held him.

“OOF!! WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?!?!”
“OOF!! TENCHI IS OUR FRIEND!!” Link reminded. “CALM DOWN PLEASE!!!”
“A FRIEND WOULDN’T STAB ME IN THE BACK LIKE THIS BASTARD!!”
Just then, Oof felt a sharp stab of pain. Oof’s talking stopped, and he
looked over his shoulder.

Heather’s scythe was in his back. Not too far, but enough to the point that
it would really hurt.

Oof was let go and collapsed to his hands and knees.

“You fucking moron,” Heather began. “What the hell is the matter with you.”

Tears began to burn through Oof’s eyes.

“I...I...I love you...Heather...”

Heather kicked Oof in the ass.

“SHUT UP!! I am tired of hearing that from you! Oof! WE ARE ONLY FRIENDS
DAMN IT!! THAT IS ALL I WANT FROM YOU!! Oof, I’ve told you a thousand times
before, and I’m going to tell you again. We are NOT anything more than close
friends. I care about you, that is all.”

“That’s...just it Heather...” Oof began. “You have no idea, how much I care
about you...”

“If you really care about me,” Heather interrupted. “You’ll let me live my
life and let me choose when and who I want to love, rather than forcing your
bullshit on me.”

Oof stood quiet, tears running down his cheeks and blood running down his
body. Alex stood behind him in the back round.

“Oof...”

Suddenly, a cold hand reached around Heather and pulled her back. Yumashinto
held her in his grasp. She had dropped her scythe, and even though she was
strong, she was still not physically equal enough to fight a demon.

“HEATHER!” Oof called from the ground.

“Oh, how touching,” Yumashinto mocked. “That is soooooo sweet. The pitiful
mortal is in love, but the other one is not. It is almost something out of
Shakespeare.”

“Let her go fiend!” Ayeka warned. A jurai bolt began to charge in her hand.

“First, let me take care of my Pillar of Shadow...”

Oof and Tenchi’s eyes snapped wide open. They had been guarding the wrong
person this whole time. Ryoko wasn’t the Mortal Pillar of Shadow. It was
Heather.

Yumashinto waved his hand over the struggling Heather, and she fell into a
deep sleep. Two lower demons poofed behind Yumashinto. The demon warrior
handed Heather to the two demons. Oof summoned all his strength and rushed
at the demon slowly.

“NO YOU DON’T YOU FUCKERS!!!!!!” He roared.

Yumashinto suddenly materialized before Oof, and sent him spiraling
backwards with a fierce punch.

“OOF!” Alex called. But Oof’s body laid still. It was unclear if Oof was
dead or not. It didn’t matter. Without hesitation, Alex whipped out the deck
of Magic Cards. He pulled forth from it some of his most formidable beasts.

“IRIDESCENT ANGEL! LIGHTNING ANGEL! SHIVAN ZOMBIE! RAGING GOBLIN! LEVIATHAN!
KAVU TITAN! DRACO! FLAMETOUNGE KAVU! BASKING ROOTWALLA! I SUMMON THEE!!!”
The beasts sprng forth from their cards and appeared in the space between
him and the demon. Alex, filled with rage, was accompanied by Link, a
weakened Tenchi, Jay, and Peach.

“WE WON’T STAND FOR THIS!!” Alex roared. “PREPARE TO SUFFER!!!!”

Alex commanded the beasts into an attack.

“Send one beast summoner,” Yumashinto began. “Send thousands. I will crush
them ALL!”

Jay strapped on his gauntlets, and Link removed the Master Sword. Peach
removed her Frying Pan. The three charged in with the beasts. The first to
strike was the Raging Goblin. The beast was quick and managed to pull off
two swipes. Sadly, Yumashinto was far too strong and much too quick. The
fiend grabbed the beast by it’s skull, drove his talons into it’s head until
blood dripped on his fingers, and than simply tossed the beast aside like a
rag doll. The Lightning Angel fought next. The angel sent beams of lightning
at Yumashinto, while Kiyone and Mihoshi backed the angel up with their
pistols. Yumashinto groaned softly from the pain of these blasts, but he
began to catch their attacks and absorb them. Without warning, he retaliated
with a fierce black beam that had been created from their absorbed attacks.
Kiyone and Mihoshi were sent flying, and the Lightning Angel had been so
weakened, it dove back into the card it came from.

Leviathan and Basking Rootwalla tired next, entangling Yumashinto with
themselves. Then, the enormous Draco came and began to pound on the demon
repeatedly. Yumashinto roared in pain, and black acidic blood poured over
the skin and roots holding him. Leviathan and Basking Rootwalla groaned, and
uncoiled from him. Then, Yumashinto took the dragon by the throat, tore into
it, and began to swing the best around by the hole in his neck. The beast
sent the Earth Elemental and the sea dragon sprawling backwards, and they
too returned to their cards.

The two Kavu’s charged at Yumashinto. Yumashinto prepared for their attack,
put had not expected the large Shivan Zombie to grasp him from behind. The
zombie ripped into Yumashinto’s neck, and began to chew his flesh. The two
Kavus came forward and slashed at the demon. But Yumashinto was not so
easily defeated. With a burst of dark energy, the zombie fell backwards,
defeated. And the other two had been so beaten by the blast, that they were
sucked back into their cards.

Alex was running out of ideas. Jay saw this, and figuring he could by Alex
some time, rushed forward.

“COME HERE FUCKER!!” Jay roared.

Yumashinto was caught off gaurd, and two metallic fists clanged against his
skull. Jay then punched the demon in the chest, and then sent a pair of saw
blades into his arms. Peach followed by using the Peach Bomber and then
slamming the frying pan into his side.

Yumashinto fell to the ground. He panted for a moment, then stood up.

“You are good...especially for normal humans...”

Yumashinto suddenly grabbed Jay and Peach by the throat. Oxygen suddenly
began to leave their bodies. He tossed Peach aside..

“But I will ALWAYS BE SUPREME!! AND I SHALL HAVE PEACH AND THE REST OF THE
PILLARS!!”

Yumashinto might have been right, had he not forgotten the Iridescent Angel.
In the game of Magic the Gathering, it was indestructible. In reality, it
was pretty close to that. The female angel unsheathed an enormous golden
sword, and hacked away at Yumashinto. A vertical slash down his side, and a
horizontal slash on his back. Followed by a golden burst of energy, and the
demon spiraled backwards.

“I...will not...be beaten!!”

Alex looked at his remaining creatures. The zombie, the dragon, the orc, and
the angel.

Perfect.

Alex focused on the good things in his life, just as the Omnipotent Being
had taught him and the others. A golden aura shot from the sky and
surrounded him.

“What is this?” The demon asked confused.

The cards of the Shivan Zombie, the Draco, the Iridescent Angel, and the
Raging Goblin began to hover near Alex. As they began to swirl around him,
Alex began to chant,

“Dragon, give me your wisdom. Orc, lend me your Strength. Zombie, present me
your courage. And Angel...GIVE ME YOUR JUSTICE!!”

The beam of light around him grew brighter, and from behind the beam of
light, Alex roared,

“SUPREME CHIMERA!!!!!”
The light vanished, and Alex now stood with a half human half zombie face, a
human body and legs, Orc arms, angel wings, dragon wings, a dragon tail, and
the holy sword the Illuminous in his hands.

“The time has come for your downfall demon!”

Alex cured Tenchi, who had until now been struggling to stay awake.

Tenchi ran over to Jay and Alex.

“Let’s finish this!”

Tenchi and Alex ran with their swords dragging across the ground behind
them. They approached the demon, and with all their strength, sent the sword
slashing through the demon. Jay followed by uppercutting the demon into the
air.

The demon landed, and barely stood up.

“Fine...You can keep Peach for now. I shall have her in due time Anyway...I
still have one more to gain...”

And with that, Yumashinto vanished.

Back on the ground with Oof, he struggled to stay awake.

“Heather...It’s all my fault...I’m sorry...”

The others had noticed the reality affects Washu had been talking about were
really beginning to take affect. Many people began to have extra limbs,
resemble animal life, grew older or younger, and grow as big as fifty feet
and as small as two inches. That was just to name a few of the oddities.
Bowser and Mike had felt the affects as well. Bowser was beginning to
resemble the enormous Giga Bowser (those who don’t know, look it up online)
and Mike was now quite muscular, barely held by the confinements of his
straight jacket. Being downtown had turned into a real freak show.

“You know, I’d expect-a more people to-a be running.”

“Me too,” Al commented. “There sure are a lot of freaks. I kinda want to go
home myself.”

“Well mon,” George explained. “We can’t yet. We gotta wait for the othas to
finish dare ting.”

“True,” Ryoko growled “I still wish we could have been there. Stupid
Tenchi...”

“I’m sure nothing is happening.” Falco assured her.

“Besides, if there is, it’s all mushy anyway,” Kirby added. Ryoko simply
glared at the pink ball.

Mario grew quiet.

“WAIT!” He suddenly yelled. “EVERYONE A-WATCH OUT!”

Before anyone else could speak, a dark beam erupted from no where. The
civilians scattered in fear, and half the group was taken out. All that
remained awake was Ryoko, Sasami, Gannondorf, George, Al, Bowser, Mike and
Mario.

“CRAP!” Bowser roared. “IT’S THAT ASS YUMASHINTO!!”
“Indeed,” Yumashinto panted. He seemed tired. “I have come for Sasami. Hand
her over and I’ll let you live.”

“You can have her when you are able spit on my frozen corpse, you bastard!”
Gannondorf swore, shaking his fist and unsheathing his sword.

Yumashinto’s eyes narrowed.

“So be it.”

Ryoko, being the hot headed one, rushed in first. Mike (far to over
protective) and Bowser came after her. Mike’s amazing speed allowed him to
climb up the building. He started off with three round house kicks.
Yumashinto felt the first two, but he stopped the final one. Yumashinto bent
his leg the other way and sent Mike flying. Bowser tried next. A burst of
fire flew from his mouth, but Yumashinto shrugged it off. Bowser tried the
Whirling Fortress technique, which hurt Yumashinto slightly. But not enough.
Yumashinto simply grabbed Bowser and hammered him into a near by building.

Ryoko then tried her luck. She had a beam sword materialize in her hand, and
took two slashes at the fiend. But having just left a sword battle,
Yumashinto was quite ready for the attacks, and easily dogged them. He
smacked Ryoko with a backhand and sent her flying. She stopped moments
before smashing into a building, and began to unleash a barrage of lasers.
All hit the demon on impact.

“HA! EAT THAT ASSHOLE!!”
The mist cleared, and Yumashinto bleed more then he had been. But other than
that, he was fine.

“What...?”

“How disappointing,” the demon spat.

Yumashinto flew forward, and smashed Ryoko into the ground. Mike sat up and
screamed,

“RYOKO!!!!!”
Mike tired to get up and run, but to no avail. His leg ached with a bitter
pain, and he could not walk. Mike knew he had only one option.

Mike closed his eyes and concentrated on all the good things in his life.
Mike knew he needed his Ryoko action figure to normally go to his super
form. But if Oof could do it, maybe he could too.

A golden aura shot from the sky and engulfed him. Mike began to chant,

“A monkey, innocent, strong, agile, and pure. The monkey is strong, the
monkey is pure, the monkey is agile...”

Mike grew quiet.

“THE MONKEY IS ME!!!!! HEH HEH HEH!!!!!!”
The golden aura grew stronger.

“PSYCHO MONKEY!!!!!!!”

The golden aura vanished, and Mike was now a small black monkey with almost
demonic eyes and large, spiky blonde hair.

Yumashinto stood silent for a moment. He then burst into laughter.

“BWA HA HA HA!!!!!! THIS IS ALL YOU CAN DO!?!?!”

Mike, now fully healed, charged at a blinding speed. He was now too small to
be restrained by his straight jacket, and began to shower powerful punches
and kicks.

“Never under estimate the Psycho Monkey Fool! HEH HEH HEH!” He then bit into
Yumashinto’s shoulder.

Yumashinto bellowed and tossed Mike aside. Mike landed on the side of the
building and watched.

“What’s the matter baby?! The scary little monkey too much for ya!?” Mike
taunted.

As Yumashinto was about to blast the primate, Mario appeared from nowhere
and smashed the demon into the ground. Yumashinto stood up and smacked Mario
into a glass window. But the plucky plumber was far stronger than he looked,
and instantly leaped back into action. He pounded the demon with more blows
and used the Mario Tornado to send him into the side of a building. Al then
rushed forward and slammed the Magical Croquet Mallet into the demon,
forcing acidic blood to spill.

“YOU THINK YOU CAN FUCK WITH ME!? YOU WANT TO FUCK WITH MY FRIENDS!?!? YOU
ARE IN FOR A FUCKIN’ EYE OPENER PAL! CAUSE I AIN’T TAKEN NO MORE OF YOUR
SHIT!!”

Before Al could finish, Yumashinto grabbed the mallet and sent the dinosaur
into a stop light. Pain jolted through the reptile, but he broke free and
leaped to the ground. Al then noticed there was not Cuban cigar in his
mouth. He looked behind him, and saw the cigar on the ground. The ash had
fallen, but Al could still save it. Then Yumanshinto ground his foot on it.

“Your days are over, small one.”

Al looked at the cigar, almost as if he had lost a loved one. Al then
released a low snarl, and roared at the demon,

“YOU FUCK NUT!! FIRST YOU FUCK WITH MY FRIENDS, THEN WITH MY CHANCES OF
GETTING HOME, AND NOW YOU KILLED MY LAST CUBAN!!”

Al stood up.

“YOU’RE GONNA PAY BITCH!! YOU HAVE NO MUCH THOSE FUCKING THINGS COST!!!!”
Al took his croquet mallet, which began to charge with a purple energy. He
then roared and smashed the weapon into the ground. On contact, the weapon
exploded with a purple energy that burst forth in the shape of a dragon. As
the energy vanished, Al now stood 7’1, with muscles everywhere, a pair of
jeans over him, and purple spiky hair. The croquet mallet had transformed
into an enormous war hammer.

“What on earth...?”

“Guess what bitch!?” Al barked in his now deep voice. “This is my Warrior
Spirit form! Now you’re gonna beg me ta let you BUY ME SOME MORE CIGARS! YOU
FUCKER!!!!!!” Al smacked the demon with five punches, then a round house
kick, and then slammed him four times with his war hammer. Al smashed him a
fifth time and sent Yumashinto spiraling back into a building’s wall. Mario
stripped him from the wall indent, and then slammed him into the ground,
where he then began to wail numerous blows on the demon. George jumped in
and joined him. George than opened his mechanical right arm, charged up a
laser, and blasted the demon with numerous jolts. As the smoke cleared, the
demon’s body had vanished.

“Alright mon! We got him!”

“Don’t-a be so-a sure...” Mario warned.

Suddenly, Yumashinto roared from nowhere. He suddenly appeared behind Sasami
and grabbed her.

“AUUUUUGHH! HELP!” She shrieked.

“NOOOOOOOOO!!! SASAMI!!!!”

Mario and the other began to shoot long range attacks. But Yumashinto dogged
them all. Gannondorf tried numerous times to smack the monster with his
fist, but to no avail. Gannondorf then unleashed his blade and swung. But
the demon caught it.

“Gannondorf...love for this girl has made you weak and predictable. I am
gravely disappointed in you. Now wither and die!”

Yumashinto blasted a bolt of energy through Gannondorf’s sword. He flew
backwards and smashed into a street sign.

“MR. GANNONDORF!!” Sasami called.

Yumashinto flew backwards, the girl struggling to break his grasp.

“Be warned heroes! I am finished today...BUT THE FINAL SPHERE WILL BE
MINE!!!!!!”

And with that, Yumashinto, and Sasami, vanished. Sasami’s voice hung in the
air.

“MR. GANNONDORF...”

Gannondorf brought his head up from the ground.

“I failed you...child...I am...sorry. I broke...my promise...”

Gannondorf fainted.

“Holy shit man,” Mike squeaked. “This is not looking good.

“No shit,” Al replied. “We better get back to Tenchi and Oof. They’re
probably in some serious shit.”

“Well what are we waitin’ for mon?! Let’s go!” The three heroes ran back
towards the Masaki residence. Mario stood alone by himself.

Mario, blood dripping from his few cuts, whispered to himself,

“My-a god...What-are we a-up against?”

There on the battlefield stood one confused soul, with no answer to the the
question as what hell awaited them. Only Yumashinto knew. And by the time
they would find out from him, it would be too late...

                             TO BE CONTINUED...