X-Files/TMiL Crossover
13.5 Years to Yesterday
By: "Trakal" <trakal@map.com>


DISCLAIMER AND DEDICATION:
--------------------------
<with thanks to fellow fanfic writer Tammy 
Erickson for the title, David Duchovny and 
Gillian Anderson for breathing life into the 
characters of Fox Mulder and Dana Scully... 
oh yeah, and to Chris Carter who was smart 
enough to create the X-Files and stupid 
enough to sell it to the Fox Network. Okay
okay, and I guess I should thank the Fox Network 
for actually airing it and not letting it go the
way of so many of their other shows...>
<And a big Thanks For Nothing! To the writers 
of Tenchi Muyo in Love who murdered that 
sweet, handsome, innocent young operative!>

<November 23rd, 1997. 8:55 AM>


    The office was a little chilly when Fox Mulder 
arrived for work on Monday morning. His desk was 
still cluttered with the papers he had strewn across 
it on Friday and his half-finished cup of coffee sat
just where he had left it. A radio flicked itself on 
as his partner, Dana Scully. walked in.
    "Dana!" Fox said, excitedly, though his excitement 
was about the obviously possessed radio, not about her. 
"Did you see that?"
    "It was probably a some kids in a car playing with 
their mother's garage door opener." Dana started to 
take her jacket off.
    "Better leave it on, it's freezing in here." Fox's 
excitement waned, but didn't disappear. "But what if it 
wasn't, Scully? I mean what are the odds that a garage 
door opener could do that?"
    "What are the odds that it was an ghost or an alien 
lifeform?"  Scully replied, matter-of-factly.
    "Help me." The radio whined, plaintively.
    "There!" Mulder cried out, triumphantly. "Did you 
hear that?!"
    "Mulder, it's probably a signal from a passing 
car-phone."
    "Okay," Mulder nodded, "but it was calling for help 
and it sounded rather urgent."
    "So, what do we do?" Dana pointed out. "We don't 
know who it was."
    "This is... I can't remember... please help me... "
    "If we can trace the signal..." Fox began.
    *RING!  RING*
    Dana picked up the phone. "Hello?  Yes, he is. 
Hold on."
    Fox took the phone. "Hello? Yes, we picked up the 
message. Can you trace its origin? I assume its from a 
car phone somewhere in the area?"
    "It's coming from Tokyo Tower." 
    "Japan?!" Fox was astonished. "Okay, book us two 
tickets to..."
    "Mulder," the caller told him, "the message was 
transmitted in 1970. I just wanted to tell you before 
you went off on one of your wild goose chases." 
    "How could a signal that originated in 1970 be 
received in 1997?" Fox asked as the caller 
disconnected. 
    "It probably bounced off a pulsar thirteen and a 
half years ago." Dana suggested.
    "With no signal degredation?" Fox wondered. 
    "Perhaps the signal's power was boosted with power 
from whatever star it bounced off of?" Scully suggested.
"Stars give off radio waves, Mulder." 
    "You could be right, Scully."

<4:47 P.M. That Evening>


    Jackie Kendall was sitting in the recliner in her 
parents' living room with a pair of large ear-covering
headphones on, listening to the radio. The D.J. had 
just finished talking and "Shattered" by the Rolling 
Stones was blasting in her ears as she bobbed her head 
and mouthed the rapid lyrics. She had been up all night,
cramming for a biology test and was trying to keep herself 
awake. Her mother was making clam chowder for dinner and 
Jackie loved her mom's chowder. She didn't want to fall 
asleep before dinner and miss it, so she'd been trying to 
stay awake by listening to loud music. All at once the 
room around her vanished, replaced with a scene from a
nightmare. She was in a different room, one that looked
like an explosion had just ripped away at least half of
it. She could feel terrible pain in her abdomen, but she
could not lift her head to see the cause.

    "Jackie!"
    The vision was suddenly gone and she was back in her
parents' living room. 
    "Jackie, come on or you'll miss dinner!" her sister
told her, standing above her with the headphones in her
hand, looking down disapprovingly.
    "I'll be right there." She replied, bewilderedly.

	***

<9:15 that evening>

    Scully examined the radio. She wanted to find a flaw 
in the wiring, or perhaps a fault in the speaker. Some 
kind of mechanical flaw that would explain away the radio 
turning itself on that she could present Mulder with. She
hoped to dissuade him of going on a wild goose chase and 
finding nothing but disappointment. She tested the radio
to see what kind of signal it would pick up.

     "....if it's the last thing I ever do!!!..." The 
hoarse declaration of man being strangled. It wasn't 
accompanied by the telltale background silence of a phone
conversation, so