Well, seeing as I haven't released a new Tenchi-related fan fic for
nearly two years, I figured it was time to get back into the game.  Oh,
and since I'm also writing Gundam Wing fan fiction these days, I thought
it would be fun to try a Tenchi Muyo/Gundam Wing crossover.  Whee!  By
the way, even though I usually follow the Tenchi OAV continuity in my
fics, for this one I used the TV series (Tenchi Universe).  Just so you
know.  ^_^

Legal disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are property of Pioneer
and AIC.  Gundam Wing and its characters are property of Sunrise, Sotsu
Agency, TV Asahi, Bandai, and anyone I may have forgotten.  This story,
however, is mine.  Please don't sue me, because I'm just writing this for
fun.  (Which is another way of saying that I have no life, and no money
either.)

Oh, and if you want to post this story on your site, please ask me first.


You're Not Alone
By Literary Eagle (literaryeagle@hotmail.com)

Mihoshi was dying.

I felt so isolated and powerless, seated at my comatose partner's bedside.
Gently stroking her hand, which in the past few minutes had become quite
cold, I said in a choked whisper, "Mihoshi?  It's me, Kiyone.  I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry."

There was no response.  I wasn't expecting one.  With her golden hair
spread out on the pristine pillow like a halo caressed by white clouds,
Mihoshi looked as if she had already died and become an angel.  A very
pessimistic description, perhaps, but I wasn't going to fool myself into
thinking that everything was going to be alright.  Things would never be
okay again, and for that I had no one to blame but myself.

The death of a partner is something that happens to many Galaxy Police
officers, but even still, I never could have imagined the life that was
in store for me when I became a GP officer.  At the beginning, I had been
their rising star, and I had thought that there was a bright future of
promotions and accolades ahead of me... But then Mihoshi became my
partner, and that dream fell apart.  As countless promotions slipped
through my grasp, I cursed the day I had met her, I called her an idiot
and other demeaning names, and I yelled at her whenever something went
wrong, even if sometimes it actually wasn't her fault.

Then, one day, she disappeared.  She had been pursuing the space pirate
Ryoko, and then we had lost contact with her.  Eventually, she was
officially presumed dead, and I am ashamed to say that at the time, I had
considered it the happiest day of my life.  And when it was discovered
that she was still alive, I had thought it was the worst day in all of
existence.  But still I was not aware of what fate had in mind for us.

At any rate, we were reunited on Earth and became partners again.  What
followed were several years of wild unpredictability: going through
countless jobs on Earth, madcap adventures with Tenchi and the rest of
his household, thwarting the plans of Kagato and KAIN.  And through it
all, Mihoshi would happily say, "You're my best friend, Kiyone!  You'll
always be my best friend."

But I never said the same to her.  After all, she had ruined my career
and my life, right?  I hated her, didn't I?  She wasn't my friend.

Or was she?

I was so career-driven that I had never made any friends in the Galaxy
Police.  Nobody knew me very well ... they all seemed to think that I was
cold, unapproachable.  All of them except Mihoshi.  Whenever I was
feeling lonely, she took me to the karaoke bar or the bathhouses.  Of
course I always protested because we didn't have the money for such
luxuries, but in the end, I always relented.  She knew how much I needed
it, and deep down I knew how right she was.  So when I was lonely, we
sang.  When I cried, she would hold me.  When I wanted to talk, she was
always there.  Without a doubt, she knew me better than anyone.

And I knew her better than anyone, because even though I frequently
denied it, I knew she wasn't really just some bimbo like most assumed.
She valued all living things and consequently loved people too much...
Seeing the horrible crimes people committed against each other was slowly
killing her mind, bit by bit.  Her large innocent blue eyes were
deceptive, because she wasn't really that untainted, not anymore.  She
had seen too much pain and suffering, but still she continued doing what
she did, because she wanted to protect others from that anguish.  I, on
the other hand, had let the career become everything.  I had cared about
promotions more than I had worried about the people I was supposed to
protect.

Every action Mihoshi took was done with heart, and slowly but surely I
think my heart remembered how to live that way too.  And I looked out for
her, because despite all she had been through, sometimes she was still
too naïve and innocent for her own good.  So yes, we were best friends.
But I never told her.  And now, it was too late.  It seems unthinkable
that, after facing the likes of Kagato and KAIN, the one to bring Mihoshi
down would be a drunken pilot that we had arrested while on patrol.

Ryoko had sadly remarked that perhaps Mihoshi's legendary luck had
finally run out, but I knew that it was really my fault.  The lack of
action in our sector in recent times had made me complacent, and I hadn't
checked the pilot for hidden weapons as carefully as I should have.
Mihoshi had leapt in the way when the man tried to take a shot at me.  So
now, here she was, dying in a cold hospital bed, a testament to my
foolishness and selfishness.

"Mihoshi ... I was so stupid!  And I'm so sorry that I never told you!" I
cried, wringing her limp hand, "You are my best friend!  I never said it
before, but you are!  You were always my best friend..."

But my best friend had already stopped breathing.

"No!  You can't... Not yet... You never heard me tell you... You have to
let me tell you!" I shouted, not caring how pathetic I sounded to Tenchi
and the others waiting out in the hall.  They had wanted to let us have a
moment of privacy, but at the moment I didn't care if the whole bloody
universe heard me.

"You're my best friend, Mihoshi!  Damn it, you have to hear me!
MIHOSHI!" I stood and beat my fists into the side of her bed, crying and
screaming like a madwoman, until at last I sank back into my chair,
whimpering at the hopelessness and grim finality of it all.

Moments later, I burst into fresh tears upon realizing that I had just
yelled at her yet again, and mere moments after her death at that.  I was
a horrible, horrible friend.  "I'm so sorry, Mihoshi..."

******************************************************************

"I'm so sorry, Quatre..."

And here we were again.  The situation was so familiar it was like some
sort of sick joke.  Quatre even had blond hair and large blue eyes, like
Mihoshi.  It was probably just a coincidence ... certainly I, Trowa,
didn't look much like Kiyone at all.  But even if it was only a
coincidence, it was a cruel one.

At first, I hadn't been aware of my past life as Kiyone, and I hadn't
remembered Mihoshi.  I had merely been a friendless, nameless mercenary
who eventually became Trowa Barton, Gundam pilot.  Then, I met Quatre.
At the time, I could scarcely believe that this fragile-looking, innocent
little boy was a Gundam pilot.  I think I had even looked at him with some
disdain.  But then I heard him play the violin, and it was as if
something had been awakened in me.  Before I even had time to question
what I was doing, I found that I had picked up a flute, and the next
moment we were playing a beautiful duet.  That had been my first clue.
It had revived a vague memory of Mihoshi asking me to sing with her at
the karaoke bar.  I never could refuse her when it came to music.

But that was it, until we met a second time, in San Francisco.  Quatre
had approached me with that kind smile of his, and said, "Hi!  So we meet
again!"

Disregarding the strange tugging at my heart that those words ignited, I
had scowled at him and told him that I didn't want his help.  I felt that
I could not afford to let anyone distract me from my mission, not even a
fellow Gundam pilot.  But he followed me anyway.  Despite my best efforts
to make it clear that I was ignoring him, he stayed by my side that day.
His words "So we meet again" continued to echo through my mind, until
they became the key that unlocked all my memories of my life as Kiyone.
I began to remember everything, and my soul sang with recognition every
time I glanced at Quatre.

It was incredible.  Mihoshi and I had been reincarnated, reunited.  But I
hadn't the foggiest idea what to do about it.  However, it soon occurred
to me that Quatre was not saying anything about our past lives, so I
thought that perhaps he didn't know.  I decided not to bring it up.  I
tolerated his presence, but other than that I did nothing to encourage a
new friendship to grow between us.  I told myself that it would be bad
for the mission.

However, some time later, Heero told me that the best way for me to live
my life was to follow my emotions, and I realized that he was right.  By
failing to acknowledge Quatre, I was in danger of being Kiyone all over
again, repeating her mistakes.  And so, I gave in to the desire to be
Quatre's best friend, found myself longing to see him again.  I decided
to follow my feelings, and they were telling me not to push him away any
longer.

During Quatre's rampage in the Wing Zero, I thought that I had finally
found the reason behind our rebirth.  Witnessing the cruelties of the
universe had caused Mihoshi's mental state to regress, but more often
than not, I had chosen to yell at her rather than show any sympathy.  So
when gentle Quatre had been driven mad by the Zero system and grief for
his father, I knew that I had to do whatever I could to heal him, even if
it meant my death.  It was the least I could do, to repay my debt to
Mihoshi.  She had died for me, so it was my turn.

As it turned out, I did save Quatre, but I did not die that day.
Instead, we wound up saving each other several more times before the war
ended, our bond growing stronger with each battle.  Alas, I should have
known it would not last.  Because here we were, in a hospital again.  The
war was over, but my best friend was dying, because I had been too late
to save him from getting stabbed while aboard the Libra.  Seated at his
bedside, I could only watch helplessly as his complexion, which was
already pale on his best days, became whiter, and his breathing became
weaker.

Tears formed in my eyes, as guilt burned in my heart.  I wondered if we
were doomed to go through this woeful routine many times over, our souls
endlessly waltzing through lifetime after lifetime, always doomed to have
a similar tragic finale.  "I'm sorry, Quatre," I said, my voice breaking.
While I had avoided many of Kiyone's past mistakes, there was one that I
had forgotten.  Despite the fact that Quatre and I were quite clearly
best friends, I had never said it in words.

One of Quatre's fingers twitched, and I wondered if he was trying to say
goodbye.  Taking his hand into mine, I squeezed it urgently and
whispered, "You'll always be my best friend, Quatre!  Always my best
friend..."

"Ow," a strained voice murmured, "Yes, Trowa, we're best friends.  Please
don't squeeze so hard."

"Quatre?!" I exclaimed.  Sure enough, his eyes were open, and he was
gazing at me with a weak smile.  A moment later, his eyes closed again,
but a bit of color had returned to his cheeks, and I knew that he was
just sleeping.  He wasn't going to die after all.  And he had heard me
say that we were best friends.

Quatre did indeed make a full recovery.  And when the Mariemaia incident
occurred a year later, I was afraid for him, but he survived that too.
When that ended and all mobile suits, including the Gundams, were
destroyed, I was elated.  We had peace, and my best friend had not died.
Mihoshi and I had been given a second chance, and with all my soul I
thanked whatever power had made this happen.

In the months that followed, I went back to my job in the circus, and
Quatre returned to his duties as head of the company he had inherited
from his father.  But we kept in touch regularly, and visited each other
when we could.  We never talked about work, though.  Perhaps that was
something that would have interested Kiyone, but not Trowa Barton.  No, I
just wanted to enjoy this beautiful new peacetime, living with Catherine
and the rest of my surrogate family at the circus ... and treasuring my
camaraderie with Quatre.  Whenever Quatre said that we were best friends,
I was more than happy to voice my agreement.

We decided to go on a vacation together, and Quatre suggested that we go
to Japan.

"There's a shrine there that I've always wanted to visit," Quatre
explained, his features aglow with excitement, "According to legend, the
Masaki shrine is meant to watch over a cave inhabited by a goblin!"

I was barely able to conceal my astonishment from him.  I hadn't realized
that the Masaki shrine still existed in this era.  "Sounds interesting,"
I said, but did not elaborate.  In all this time, I had never mentioned
Kiyone and Mihoshi to him.  I was ashamed of being Kiyone, and I wanted
to leave that past far behind.  But I couldn't say no to visiting the
Masaki shrine.  I just couldn't refuse Quatre.

Upon our arrival at the mountains where the shrine was located, I
admitted to myself that I had missed the beauty of this place.  A cool
breeze made its way through the treetops, causing the bright green leaves
to wave as if they were welcoming us back.  A dragonfly perched itself
atop Quatre's head, and we both chuckled.  As we walked, I began to
wonder if anyone still lived here, if perhaps there were descendants of
the Masaki line still alive today.  I was so lost in my thoughts that I
didn't even realize that Quatre had led me to the Masaki family's
graveyard.

"Quatre?" I said, watching him kneel before one of the tombstones.

I moved to stand behind him, and my eyes watered slightly when I saw
whose grave it was.

Mihoshi's.

Brushing his fingertips along the top of the tombstone, Quatre was silent
for several minutes.  When he turned to look at me, I could see tears in
his eyes, but there was also a gentle smile on his face.  Standing, he
leaned towards me and whispered into my ear, "You can't just deny who you
really are.  Otherwise you wouldn't be ... you.  This is goodbye, dear
friend."

"Goodbye?" I said incredulously, hoping that I had heard wrong, "Quatre,
are you saying that you're leaving?  Why?"

"Because I'm dead, Kiyone," Quatre said quietly, "You know that."

"No!" I exclaimed, grabbing Quatre's hands, "Mihoshi, we've been given a
second chance!  We're back together, and we have peace..."

"Kiyone, don't you see?" Quatre asked sadly, "We haven't been reborn.
The colonies, the Gundams, the Eve Wars ... none of it is real.  You're
dreaming, Kiyone, and it's time to wake up."

"That's nonsense," I said automatically.  But the uncertainty in my voice
was painfully obvious.

"Think," said Quatre, "If Trowa is the reincarnation of Kiyone, then how
did Kiyone die?  Can you remember?"

"I did die!  It was shortly after you ... after Mihoshi passed away," I
said firmly, "I committed suicide."

"No, you TRIED to commit suicide," Quatre said, shaking his head, "Washu
managed to save you, but you were in a coma.  And you've been in a coma
ever since.  This existence, the era of the After Colony, is a dream
world your subconscious has created out of guilt.  You wanted a second
chance, so you created a whole new life for you and I ... a life where
you didn't make the mistake of ignoring your true feelings for too long,
a life where I didn't die.  But it's not real, Kiyone.  You have to let
go.  It's time to return to the real world."

"No," I said, squeezing Quatre's hands harder, "Not to a life without
you, a life where I had treated you so badly!  You're my best friend,
Mihoshi... Quatre..."

"Kiyone, you're hurting me," Quatre said softly, wincing as my grip on
his hands tightened, "And you're hurting yourself.  You like being Trowa
because he is a dedicated fighter reminiscent of Kiyone, but without her
mistakes.  But you have to understand that without those mistakes, he's
not really you.  Don't pretend your past didn't happen, go back to the
real world and live by following what you have learned from it.  Kiyone,
you're a strong person and you have a good heart.  You don't need to be
Trowa."

"But ... I can't leave you!" I shouted.  Didn't he understand?  "I can't
lose you again..."

"We're friends, Kiyone, but you have other friends too," said Quatre,
freeing his hands so he could wipe away the tears that I hadn't even
realized were sliding down my face, "And Mihoshi will always live on
inside you, because your heart carries the lessons you learned from her.
So let me ... let Mihoshi live on through you, Kiyone, and you will never
be alone.  Be there to sing karaoke with Ryoko, when she's feeling
lonely.  Be there to hold Ayeka when she cries.  Be there to listen, when
Tenchi needs someone to talk to.  Be there for all of our friends,
Kiyone, and you'll see.  You're not alone."

I realized that I could argue no further, even though part of me still
wanted to.  Quatre was right.  Deep down, I knew that.  "I'll go back,
Mihoshi," I said, quivering with the effort not to break down into sobs
as I grabbed Quatre in a tight hug, "I'll go back.  I'll be there for all
our friends.  But ... but you'll always be my BEST friend, Mihoshi.
Always my best friend!"

"Farewell, dear Trowa ... and more importantly, dearest Kiyone," Quatre
said in the most compassionate of whispers, as I closed my eyes and
buried my face into his shoulder, "My best friend."

I felt him slip out of my arms and step away from me, and I opened my
eyes in time to see not Quatre, but Mihoshi standing there.  She smiled
at me, and with trembling fingers I reached out to touch her... But
there was a sudden gust of wind, and she vanished in a flurry of
cherry blossoms.

Then everything, the entire world of the After Colony, began to crumble
away, breaking up into millions of the small flowers.  I let out a
startled cry as a whirlwind of petals surrounded me and began to close
in, then relaxed as I felt them carrying me towards a warm light...

And so, I awoke.  I was Kiyone, the real and true Kiyone.

And I wasn't alone.


Author's notes: An odd little fic, I know.  I wanted to experiment with
ways to write a crossover without resorting to the typical "an accident
in Washu's lab causes characters from Series X to meet characters from
Series Y" scenario.  I also have a different idea, which I will use in
another Tenchi Muyo/Gundam Wing crossover when I have time to write it.
And don't worry, in that fic both worlds will be "real".  So please
don't kill me, Gundam Wing fans.  ^_~

Anyway, if you have any constructive feedback to help me improve my
writing, I would really appreciate it.  ^_^  Please send C&C,
suggestions, or questions concerning this story (or any of my other
works) to me at literaryeagle@hotmail.com

Special thanks to AleeN and K'thardin for prereading this story!

Text copyright 2002, Literary Eagle
(But the characters belong to other people.)

Wings of Glass: Literary Eagle's Fan Fiction and Fan Art
http://www.geocities.com/literaryeagle

