Shinji The 10 o'Clock Assassin
http://members.xoom.com/Shinji_2200/KNSImpact.htm
tyree3@pacbell.net

This fanfic contains sex and harsh language. Viewer's discretion is
strongly advised.  If not; then you can go watch the Disney Channel for
all I care.

                          ************

     The next day, at the Society for the Prevention of the Use of
Underaged Anime Girls for Lemons...

Shinji:   But I made these girls over 18 years of age!  WHAT PART
          OF "OVER 18 DO YOU NOT UNDERSTAND??!!"
Clerk:    Oh, the parts where you include incest.
Shinji:   Oh, excuse me.  "Super Taboo" is a sex manga brought to
          the US by Eros Comix, and it became one of the top selling
          comics here.  It had incest pouring out of it's pages!
Clerk:    I see...
Shinji:   I'm also a writer of a bunch of Eva lemons!  Why didn't you
          attack me then?!
Clerk:    Because it was the creator's fault.
Shinji:   And why is it that I'd get kicked in the groin for doing
          lemons like these; and yet everyone else is making, AND
          COLLECTING MIND YOU, hentai pics of Sasami, Ruri,
          Skuld, and...!  OH LOOK!!  IS THAT A NAKED CHIBI-
          USA UP THERE??!!
Clerk:    THAT IS ENOUGH!!  10 o'Clock, I'll have you know that
          we're keeping a very sharp eye on you for now on!  We
          refuse to put up with more of your mindless fuck-a-minute
          fuck-a-thons!  And don't think we can't do anything to you. 
          We have the technology.
Shinji:   (Sneering.)  I see...  And hey!
Clerk:    What is it?
Shinji:   #1: Puff Daddy is still number one on the rap charts. #2:
          South Park is making a killing on cable. #3: End of
          Evangelion is still being praised as the number one movie for
          five years.  And #4: Pokemon is one gigantic "chicken-
          fight," and yet children all over the US are trying to "catch
          them all."  Explain to me why is that?

     But the clerk didn't listen to him.  He's currently hearing the latest
Puff Daddy jam.  His desk is filled with paraphernalia from South Park
and Pokeman.  And his computer screen has a screen saver that replays
the dreaded "mastubation scene" from the End of Eva.  Gee, that
explains everything!

     That night, the 10 o'Clock Assassin is in front of his computer
trying to figure out a way to clean up his most MST'ed fiction to date.

Shinji:   Okay, let's see...  Removes sex scenes with Achika and
          Mayuka...  Huff...  Probably remove the Tsunami and
          Mitsuki sex scene as well...

                          ************
                                
                         10-CHI RETURNS
                               or
                   BECAUSE I LOVE TENCHI MUYO
                                
                          ************

     It's morning at the Masaki household. The sun shines through the
window, causing Tenchi to wake up before his alarm goes off.  He
opens his eyes and tries to focus them. He then rolls over to find...
Ryoko's smooth body right next to him.  He also finds out that she's
very, VERY unclad.

Ryoko:    (Smiling) Good morning, Tenchi.

     Now Tenchi; already groggy from a year of sex, sex, and more
sex; goes automatic.  He kisses Ryoko in the mouth and soon slams his
cock into the wiley alien.  On the other end, she's pretty amazed at the
fact that it's been over one Earth year now, and he's still at his peak
performance.  Whatever Washuu had sneaked into his food that day
must've done wonders for his sexual drive.
     After a while Ryoko explodes under the power of his cock before
Tenchi shoots his seed and empties himself into his first alien "friend." 
He then takes some clean clothes and leaves the room wondering why
he isn't so groggy from all that vaginal muscular pressure on his cock.

-=**=-
(It's a scene change.)

     He goes into the nearest bathroom, but the door's locked.  Tenchi
was just about to pout when the door suddenly opens from the inside.
It's Princess Aeka, wearing only her bathrobe.  Both of them are
surprised at first, but she greets her lover (and great^? grand-nephew?)
with a weak smile.

Aeka:     Oh.  My apologies, Lord Tenchi. The other washroom is still
          in repairs (from me and Ryoko fighting over you). Your
          father said it was okay to use this one right here.
Tenchi:   My apologies, your highness.  But I really have to use the
          restroom now.

     He tries to go in, but the princess is still in his way.

Aeka:     If and only if...  You allow me to join you.

     Obviously, the attempt to avoid her majesty this morning is an
utter failure.  And so, he goes in as her highness closes the door behind
him and locks it.
     And so, after what seemed like the longest piss ever, Tenchi soon
felt like the weight of the world had fell off his shoulders.  He then finds
the weight of Princess Aeka on his shoulders as she wipes some of the
piss (as well as the stench of Ryoko's "baggy pussy") from his cock
with a washcloth.  She then positions herself against the door which
Tenchi wanted to go out through.

Aeka:     Now now, Lord Tenchi.  There's only one way out.

     Poor Tenchi had no choice but to pleasure her highness.  He kisses
her in the mouth as he plays with her small breasts and cunt.  She
returns the favor by massaging his massive hard-on; being careful not to
let it explode before it's proper use.
     Tenchi then lifts up her left leg as he slides his cock into her.  The
thing to note is that he really doesn't like putting his cock into her
highness because she's SO FUCKING TIGHT!!!  The fact that she has
the flattest chest instantly gives away her secret.  And it's always the
same: He hammers it in, he EXPLODES and empties himself into her...

Aeka:     Tenchi!  You done it again!  You came and didn't give me
          the chance to come with you!  HOW DARE YOU!!!

     And next comes the apologizing, the butt-kissing, and ultimately
the pussy-licking.  Not that licking her highness's soft fleshy petals is
anything bad, mind you.  But she had the sex-drive of an 18-wheeler;
meaning that it will take him about an hour or two to get her off using
his tongue, fingers, and unreliable cock.

-=**=-
(Kohran from Sakura Wars after an explosion.)


     Tenchi then heads downstairs... (Aw, fuck it.)  And decides to pay
a little visit to Washuu's laboratory; hoping that she isn't doing anything
weird this morning.

Washuuu:  Well, good morning my dear Tenchi.  Would you like to take
          part in one of my experiments today?
Tenchi:   No thanks.  I just came here to slam my cock into your pussy
          so hard; your title of "Universe's Greatest Scientist" will be
          reduced to "Fourth Greatest."  Nothing more.
Washuuuu: Oh, that's a mean thing to say about me.  And I had
          something special cooked up for you, today.
Tenchi:   (Shakes his head violently...)  Hey!  What is it with all these
          "u's" after your name?
Washuuuuu:     I'm not sure.  People were complaining about the
               proper way my name was spelt...

     Author takes break to check Japanese dictionary, taking a note that
     the name of the greatest scientist in the solar system means "Eagle
     Feathers:"
     Washi = Eagle
     Yuu = Does One's Hair
     Washiyuu...  Wasyuu...  Washuu...  Washu...
     Oh, I see!
     Goujira...  Godzilla!

Tenchi:   Forget this!  Can we screw now, MS. WASHUU?
Washuu:   Not today, unfortunately.  My real body's currently in the
          chamber for a centurial prognosis and the only spare body I
          have on stock had no vagina.  So...

     Second point down.  Ms. Washuu IS doing something weird.  But
his grief soon turns into estacy (albeit a sick one) as the small prodigy
takes his cock out and does amazing things to it with her tongue and
hands.

[ADVERTISEMENT]
     And now, you too can own the highly controversial Universal
     Kama Sutra! Only $24.95!  WHAT A BARGAIN!! Available
     RIGHT NOW at your local Tower and Virgin CD/Video/Book
     Store!  GET IT TODAY!!
[END ADVERTISEMENT]

     Tenchi totally loses it as he shoots his seed into the red-haired
scientist's mouth.  But she's unable to swallow it all and has to contend
with having his white, gooey sperm splurt all over her cute face and
hair.  (Shut up!  Or do you want me to put Sasami in this as well?)

Washuu:   See?  Almost as good as the real thing, huh?

     At this point, poor Tenchi couldn't decide whether to facevault or
go-hard again...

-=**=-
(Shermie after being caught in her own "spiral.")

     Despite this morning's "cock-shootings," Tenchi manages to have
some breakfast and is currently on his way towards Tokyo University. 
He nearly passes the Miho-Kiyo apartment along the way before his
mind starts to click again.

Tenchi:   Oh, what the hell.  Might as well do something for the Miho-
          Kiyo fans.

     He goes up to the door of said apartment and knocks on it...  After
a couple seconds the door opens to reveal the lovely "Teal-Dressed
Goddess" Kiyone; sporting the luxurious swim suit she wore during the
"Mugen Tenchi Muyo" lemon sidestory.

Kiyone:   Oh.  Hi, Tenchi.
Mihoshi:  ALRIGHT!!  IT'S TENCHI!!  COME ON IN!!

     And he does so, looking towards Kiyone who's silently insulting
the bronzed bubblehead.  Not wanting this to turn into another bad
Miho-Kiyo fiasco, Tenchi comes around her back and kisses the cheek
of the goddess with the red headband.  He then looks toward Mihoshi
who's wearing the same style swimsuit, only with less material on it.
     Tenchi's cock grew to fuller than full mast when he caught the
mere glimpse of the lovely Mihoshi.  But he saw Kiyone first so...  He
asks the goddess who was at the now-closed doorway if she didn't mind
being boinked by him.  And an answer had already been given when she
unzipped his fly and removed the bulge from his pants.  She licks away
at his member, and in no time flat his seed was already flying from his
cockpiece and onto the lovely Kiyone.
     She then takes his shrinking member and slithers it into her wet
and waiting pussy, causing him to go hard once more. [Tenchi notes
again that whatever Washuu gave him had really done some wonders for
him.  His refraction time has been cut very short.] He takes her by the
waist and slams his cock into her, watching in awe and amazement as
Mihoshi licks all of his come off Kiyone's face, hair, and breasts.  And
added to the immense pleasure is the loud moaning and torrent of lady-
cum caused by his love for her and his large cock.
     Far from being through, he then takes Mihoshi by her cute bottom
and slowly slides his cock into her as he plays with her large breasts.  It
feels so good as he continuously slides his member in and out of her,
causing the lucky GP officer to moan even louder than Kiyone had. 
Speaking of Kiyone, she's now between the legs of her love and
roommate; adding more pleasure to them with her expertice in tongue-
fu.  Mihoshi soon loses her control and another torrent of lady-cum is
caused;  falling all over Kiyone's face.  Tenchi then exits her canal, rolls
her over, and sprays his semen all over the bronzed blonde's face and
breasts; which were still bouncing about from Kiyone's hand playing
with her roommate's still-sensitive pussy.
     Tenchi then looks at the clock...  He's got an hour before his class
actually starts!  This guy has to go!  But not before giving the lovely
Miho-Kiyo duo a deep kiss goodbye to each.

-=**=-
(Hideaki Anno after meeting some really pissed-off fans of Eva.  With
MALLETS!)

     My language is harsh! And coarse like the sands of time!  And you
will be struck!  STRUCK!!  With a tidal wave of words!"

     Tenchi's in his History 5 class watching a film about the
Reformation, where Martin Luther and his followers take a stand against
the spoiling of religion.  "Well, that's what happens when you leave it
out in the open for too long!" jokes one classmate who's seen way too
many "Cash Money Records" videos.
     After said class Tenchi's about to leave when he hears a certain,
yet soothing, voice...

Sakuya:   Good afternoon, Ten-chan.
Tenchi:   Uhh...  Hi, Sakuya.  How are you doing?
Sakuya:   I'm doing fine!  Hey, ain't that Mr. Fujisawa so cool?
Tenchi:   Yeah, he is cool.  But I'm thinking about dropping the class.
Sakuya:   Huh?  How come?
Tenchi:   Well...  I've been too busy.  On top of my other two classes I
          got...  (A hard-on in my pants again!)  Some other projects to
          deal with.
Sakuya:   Well, I'm so sorry to hear that, Ten-
          chanyouain'thidin'thatcockfromme.  Hey!  How about we go
          someplacesoyoucanboinkmewiththatlargecockofyours and
          get a soda?

     And by this point, Tenchi knew exactly what she's been saying. 
He takes her to the nearest janitorial room which is not being used.  And
as soon as he closed the door, Sakuya was already sliding along side
him in eagerness.
     He lifts her left leg, going under her ravishingly short skirt, and
pushes aside her frilly underwear to lick at her soft, moistening pussy. 
His tongue massages the girl's dampening entrance, causing her to moan
loudly.  "Thank God for soundproofing," he thought as he causes her
dam to break after a while.
     Tenchi then takes his cock out and somehow manages to slide it
into her.  Sakuya cries in sheer pain, noticing out much larger he's
become sence she was last done by him.  Overdriven by lust, Tenchi
starts drilling a deeper hole into his latest girlfriend as he slams his
salami into her.  Sakuya has been sent past the "point of no return." 
And Tenchi blows yet another load into yet another beautiful girl today. 
And OH DOES THAT FEEL SO GOOD!!!

     The janitor who had caught them leaving, on the other hand, did
not find it so pleasing...

Janitor:  Goddamn you kids!  That's the fifth time you used that place
          in about a month now!!

-=**=-
(A crab with no claws.)

     Later on, Nagi is outside the Masaki Shrine trying to figure out a
way to capture the (former) space pirate Ryoko without causing some
unneeded reaction from the other residence: Aeka will have a fit ("She's
mine!  Nobody gets revenge on her except for me!"), Sasami will cry for
centuries, the two spacecops won't like it one bit, Washuu will try to
blow the world up, and Tenchi will actually cause his hidden power to
come out of hiding.

Nagi:     Damn you, Ryoko.  You're just too comfortable within the
          safety of this household.  Just how long are you planning to
          hide in there?

     She soon notices Tenchi coming from down the street.  He then
catches a glimpse of her, thinking it's Ryoko wanting to have another
sexual discussion with him and marched straight towards her to put an
end to it.  But as he gets closer, he soon recognizes her as the
"intergalactic bounty hunter," and decided that maybe he should go the
other way...

Nagi:     Tenchi Masaki!  (Stopping him in his tracks with her words.) 
          Ryoko is a coward not to challenge me one-on-one.  Are you
          a coward as well?
Tenchi:   Look.  I don't wanna have sex with you.  I'm already sore
          from doing six women as of today.
Nagi:     And will it hurt you to do one more, Masaki?  Or am I just
          too hideous to be even considered worthy of your mighty
          salami?

     Come to think of it...  Nagi can be quite attractive when she wants;
despite the freakish hairstyle and the large revenge streak.  She has the
three sizes that are somewhere between Kiyone and Mihoshi, and she
should be checked out during the episode where the "bathing suit
contest" was held.

     Tenchi soon has Nagi in his room.

Nagi:     I'll be just a mere doll to you.  Do with me whatever you
          like.
Tenchi:   No way, Nagi.  I like for you to participate in this as well.

     And with that said, causing the hard-boiled bounty hunter to sigh
heavily, she removes her firm-fitting battlesuit with the flick of her
wrist.  She lays on his bed and spreads herself wide so he can get a
majestic view of her.  But what caught his attention more was the many
scars the bounty hunter picked up whilst on the job.

Tenchi:   Oh my!  You got a scar there as well?!

     Nagi can only give out a weak sneer(?) as Tenchi goes in and licks
at her only softspot.  After she moistens a bit, she tells him to get on the
bed with him.  He does as he's told as Nagi removes the enlarged
member once more and goes down on it like nobody's business.  The
two soon placed themselves into a 69 position.  And sometime later,
Tenchi's face is covered with bounty-hunter-lady-cum while Nagi
makes him blow his load all the way down her throat; an amazing feat
for someone who already has a cock halfway down her throat.  And
after shooting a large load of cum, it's still hard.
     Nagi then positions herself over a zonked-out Tenchi; who she
immediately wakes up.

Nagi:     It's not sleepytime yet, Tenchi my dear.  You still have a job
          to perform.

     She then slides his throbbing member into her...  AND OH GOD
SHE'S SO TIGHT!!!  Well...  Not as tight as Sakuya...  Aeka's the
tightest...  But Nagi is about SO FUCKING TIGHT that he would've
exploded into her instantly...  Had it not been for her womanhood
clamping around the base of his cock; unabling him to come at that
instant.

Tenchi:   You seem to have had some experience in this before...
Nagi:     It's an alien thing, baby.  "Predator," "Star Trek & Star
          Wars;" they ain't got nothing on the rest of us!
Tenchi:   But it isn't fair.  I want to explode right now if you don't
          mind.

     This causes another sigh from the bounty hunter as she lets him
exit her supernatural cunt...  But not all the way out.  She only keeps the
head of his cock in; massaging his meat as fast as she can.  This sends
the poor guy into supernova as he empties himself once again into the
wiley semi-villain's sexual entrance.
     After said second blast, he falls onto her body exhausted from all
the sex with ladies from another planet.  And Nagi soon has his head
along her breasts, so he can lick at and around the nipples, before falling
prey to the attack of the "slumber fairy."

-=**=-
(Two punks on the floor searching for the small meth pills, but are
unsuccessful because they're already high.  So they end up hitting each
other in the heads and therefore caused brain damage onto themselves.)


     And this is why a guy like him should never have weeks off... 
Ever!

     The next morning Tenchi meets up with the ladies in the living
room.  It's about time to reset the "Weekly Schedule."  So he takes the
folded-up pieces of paper and places them in his father's hat.  He shakes
the hat up ("No cheating, Ryoko."  "Alright, alright!") and gives each of
the pieces of paper to the ladies.  The schedule will be as follows...

Sunday=Mihoshi (YAY!!)
Monday=Sakuya (Alright!)
Tuesday=Aeka 
(I shall prepare something extra special for you, Lord Tenchi.)
Wednesday=Ryoko (I'll see you, princess.  And then I'll raise it!)
Thursday=Nagi (Hmph.  Haven't won yet.)
Friday=Kiyone (It's kinda sad, really...)
Saturday=Washuu (My real body should be ready by then.)

     One thing will be for sure, though: Whatever Washuu had placed
into his food that night...  It's gonna be in his strict nutritional 
plan if he ever wants to see another decade. ~_~;

                            THE END



     The Tenchi gang are at the movie theatre; watching the last part of
the film run its course...

Tenchi:   So, girls.  What do you think?
Ryoko:    He took out the parts about Mayuka and Achika.  Everyone
          was complaining about that.
Aeka:     Hmph!  I'd rather have his own mother touch him instead of
          you!
Ryoko:    Oh yeah!  And don't tell me that you don't wanna touch him
          either, you shrew!
Aeka:     YOU TAKE THAT BACK!!

     Another Ryoko Vs. Aeka fight ensues until Washuu hits the both
of them with her prized "zapping laser invention thingy."

Kiyone:   I'm actually surprised that the 10 o'Clock would go back and
          clean up this piece of garbage.
Mihoshi:  Why are you being so mean?  We get to have sex with
          Tenchi! (Giggles.)
Kiyone:   Well, I wanted to have sex with him alone.  The whole
          romance thing gets ruined when you're around me.
Mihoshi:  That's not true, Kiyone!  You and I are great together!
Kiyone:   No, YOU're great together.  I'm better alone with Tenchi.

Sakuya:   So, you're an intergalactic bounty hunter.  Nagi's your
          name?
Nagi:     Yes.  And you must be Sakuya; "Tenchi's latest girlfriend"
          from Shin Tenchi Muyo.
Sakuya:   Correct!

     They take a moment to stare at each other...

Nagi:     Your behavior spooks me, kid.
Sakuya:   And you look like you should be in a band or something...

     The gang then exit the theatre deciding on whether to hurt the
author some more or actually "thank" him when they suddenly find
another large group of movie-goers exiting the theatre nextdoor... 
Throwing up, or trying to make it to the restroom so they can throw up
there.

Tenchi:   (Grabbing one person.)  Are you alright?!
Person:   No I'm not...!
Kiyone:   What's wrong?  Is it the movie you just saw?

     But the person was unable to speak due to some of his food exiting
the way it came in.  All he could manage to do was point at the names of
the movie over the door.  Needless to say, the Tenchi gang was shocked.

                FRIDAY GROSS OUT DOUBLE FEATURE:
                            "POT" W/
                 "TENCHI ON A PLATE OF SASHIMI"



AUTHOR'S RAMBLINGS:

I like to thank everybody who's said that my "10-Chi Clan: The
Quickies" lemon fanfic was bad-bad-BAD!!  I'm surprised on how
intolerant you people are out there in the web world.  In fact, I didn't
want to go back and fix this fic.  I wanted it to be a cornerstone of a fic
that I should never do.  But then I read (or tried to read) lemons from all
the other authors out there.  And I must ask: Where is the line drawn
between "fuck-a-minute fuck-a-thons" and "Tentacle demon does
everything that walks while getting high on crack and vomiting all over
the place?"

Tenchi Muyo belongs to AIC/Pioneer.  Everything else belongs to their
respected creators.

And remember: The 10 o'Clock Assassin isn't really a bad shot.  I just
have multiple targets to shoot.  There's a difference! ^_^