Shinji The 10 o'Clock Assassin, alias Purge Raizah

Terror-Dack-Chill and Mobile Otaku Band.  As well as
Temple Of Teal-Dressed Goddess, Rolento's Evil Mission,
Team Yagami, Izumi Maki Fanclub, and
Society To Prevent Cruelty To Shinji Ikari

tyree3@pacbell.net

This is a rewrite of this fanfic.  Thanks to Shade and Spencer Trace for catching my
mistakes.

WARNING: This fanfic contains SEX!  Viewer's discretion is strongly advised.  All
the characters portrayed in this fanfic are 18 years or older.  ALL OF THEM!!!  Oh! 
And the "Lemon Commandment" of Incest has been broken!

The characters of Tenchi Muyo belong to AIC and Pioneer.

*    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *

                          10-CHI CLAN
                         "The Quickies"

*    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *

     It's morning.  The sun beats down upon the Masaki household as the alarm
goes off in Tenchi's room.  He opens his eyes and tries to focus them.  Then he
rolls over to find that he's not alone; Ryoko's right next to him, waking and totally
naked.

Ryoko:    Good morning, Tenchi.
     [SHWING!!]
Tenchi:   Oh no, Ryoko!  Not in the middle of the morning!
Ryoko:    Yes, Tenchi.  I want it... right... now...

     Tenchi curses himself as he grabs Ryoko and slams his mighty Johnson into
her.  Never mind that, as soon as he's in, she's already lost deep in hyperspace, he
thought.  He just wants to get her off and be done with it...
     [SPLURRRT!!]
     Tenchi grabs some clean clothes and leaves his room.  Ryoko's on the bed
feeling as stoned as Mt. Everest without the snow.

-=**=-

     He goes into the nearest bathroom, but the door's locked.  Suddenly the door
gets opened from the inside.  It's Aeka, the princess of Jurai, wearing only her
bathrobe.

Aeka:          Oh, my apologies.  The other washroom is still in repairs (from me
               and Ryoko fighting over you).  Your father said it was okay to...
     [SHWING!!]

     Too late!  Tenchi pushes her back into the bathroom and flings off her towel. 
He takes her by the thighs and slurps his tongue at her soft petals.  This is not
exactly what Aeka wanted...  Change that!  This is what Aeka wanted all morning! 
Tenchi stuck his mighty Johnson into the princess's most sacred love canal.  Her
majesty was already gone.  Her "Queen's English" has been reduced to Latin, to
Greek, and finally to just prehistoric grunts.
     [SPLURRRT!!]
     Sigh...  Tenchi took his shower.  Then he puts on his day clothes, being
careful not to awaken her royal highness from her royal high, and leaves the
bathroom.

-=**=-

     Tenchi then goes downstairs, and then realizes not to make as much noise. 
Just then, a pair of mechanical "grab-bots" appear from out of nowhere and try to
capture him.  With squirrel-like speed and agility Tenchi tries his best to defend
himself from said attacks.  But they were too powerful for him to handle.  And he
then gets dragged into Washuu's lab producing heavy protest.
     Shackled to a table within a darkened room, Tenchi soon catches a view of
his kidnapper: Washuu, sporting the "Ritsuko Akagi (tm)" look.

Washuu:   I'm here to collect your sperm samples again, Tenchi.
     [SHWING!!]

     Tenchi doesn't have a choice at this matter.  Washuu opens her nyloned legs
wide to give him a view he'll never forget.  Then she frees his mighty Johnson
from its cage and proceeds to submerse it into her tight pussy.  Tenchi's cock
doubles in size, and Washuu uses every known trick in the Universal Kama Sutra
book to get him off.  His fuse goes short very quickly, and Washuu feels it as well. 
She pulls him out, grabs the bucket nearby, and performs fellatio over it.
     [SPLURRRT!!  SPLURRT!!]

Washuu:   My-my, Tenchi.  That's all you can give?
Tenchi:   I couldn't help it.  Ryoko and Aeka got to me first.
Washuu:   Oh, damn my luck!

-=**=-

     Despite his morning troubles Tenchi manages to have some breakfast and be
on his way to the city.  Along the way he almost passes the Miho-Kiyo residence
only to realize that he's suppose to pick up something from them.  He knocks on
their door...

Kiyone:   Who is it?!
Tenchi:   It's me, Tenchi!
Mihoshi:  Alright!  It's Tenchi!  Come on in!

     And he does what he says, only to find out that the Miho-Kiyo duo are
currently trying out the latest in summer swimwear!

     [SHWING ONCE MORE!!]

Mihoshi:  Wow!  Whatta big Johnson you got there!
Kiyone:   I guess we should do something about it.

     A coin gets tossed.  Mihoshi calls for heads.  The coin shows tails and
Kiyone ends up giving him head.  Tenchi's trapped within the world of total
pleasure as she gives his mighty Johnson a tongue massage.
     [SPLURRRT!!]
     Kiyone's whole face was covered with his sticky, white cum.

Kiyone:   Mmmm...  Delicious. ^_^ But I don't think we're done with you just
          yet.

     She then tells him to go over to Mihoshi, who was already getting herself
ready for the ultimate in manhood.  In no time he starts thrusting into her like a
piston.  His actions cause the beautiful scatterbrain... to actually start thinking
rationally.  Kiyone is puzzled by this, but her train of thought is cut short as Tenchi
returns the favor and gives her pussy a full tongue massage.  After making her
explode like a firecracker Tenchi leaves her gushing pussy and slushes his Johnson
between her large, heaving breasts.
     [SPLURRRT ANOTHER TIME!!]
     With the two ravishing ladies tonguing themselves after a hot post-morning's
orgy, Tenchi leaves their apartment with the thing he neaded: a new tube of Bengay
and a bottle of "Painkillahz."

-=**=-

     "My language is harsh!  And coarse like the sands of time!  You will be
STRUCK!  With a tidal wave of words!"  Tenchi's at Tokyo University's History 5
class watching a film about the Reformation, where Martin Luther and his followers
take a stand against the spoiling of religion.
     After class Tenchi's about to leave when he hears a certain voice...

Sakuya:   Afternoon, Ten-chan.
     [SHWING!!]
Tenchi:   AAACK!!  Hi...  Sakuya...
Sakuya:   (Comes over towards him.)  Isn't it amazing!  The past can be so cool
          once you take the opportu...  (Notices his painful hard-on.)  Tenchi... 
          Let's go... ^_^;

     Sakuya takes Tenchi to the nearby cheap motel where she removes her
panties from under her ravishingly short skirt.  She leans on the wall as Tenchi,
overdriven with lust, "Johnsonizes" her as well.  Sakuya screams with pain as well
as estacy, since she's not used to the immence "banging" like Tenchi's alien
girlfriends were.  But she loves him SO much that she allows him to do anything he
wants to her, knowing that his mighty Johnson can get both of them off.
     [SPLURRRT!!]
     Afther about an hour of this, Tenchi and Sakuya left the motel promising to
meet (and screw) again.

-=**=-

     Maybe the rest of the day will...  Aw, screw it!  Tenchi thought as a 
Ryo-Ohki-style spaceship hovers over his head.  He tries to run, but he's immediately
captured by the ship's tractor beam.
     Tenchi's soon shackled (Again?) to a cross in the center of a dark room
where infamous bounty hunter Nagi conjures up a way of using him as bait for
Ryoko.  For some reason she has the heat up too high.  So she decides to remove
her black cloak.  She ends up revealing to poor Tenchi her ravashingly slender
body wearing a see-through fabric nightgown.
     [SHWING!!]
     Nagi smirks at the large bulge in his pants, deciding to have a little fun.  She
strikes down upon her prey like an eagle and shoves his painfully mighty Johnson
into her.  She manages to get it all in despite the immence pain caused from such
manhood as his.  But it looks like it's Tenchi's turn to be lost in hyperspace.
     [SPLURRRT...!!]
     Nagi has succeeded in making him explode into her.  She allows herself to
have an orgasm in front of him, to hear her cum as she drenches his mighty
Johnson, mixing her liquid with his...

Mitsuki:  FREEZE!!  You are under arrest!  Come out with your hands out,
          NOW!!

     It's Mitsuki in her Galaxy Police ship.  It seems that Nagi has spent too much
time in the "No Spaceship Docking Zone."

Nagi:          Damn...!

-=**=-

Mitsuki:  Are you alright?
Tenchi:   I'm not sure.  I've been having sex with women all day.
Mitsuki:  Tell ya what: Take a little rest.  Lay on my bed for a while.  Okay?
Tenchi:   Why, thanks Mitsuki.  (She's not really as mean as Kiyone said she is.)

     While Tenchi slept Mitsuki takes the opportunity to try out those neat street
clothing she's got from Mihoshi.  Apparently she's making a bit too much noise. 
Tenchi wakes up to see what the commotion's all about, just to be greeted by a very
sexy-looking Mitsuki, exposing her light-blue underwear whilst she was putting on
her leggings.
     [SHWING*2!!!]

Mitsuki:  Oh no.  Guess I was too much stimulation for you there, huh?
Tenchi:   Mitsuki...  Help me...
Mitsuki:  Alright, alright.  Here you go, kid.

     Tenchi viciously stabs his might Johnson into the depths of her sex canal. 
But after a while he notices that the expression on her face didn't change.

Tenchi:   Uh...  Mitsuki.  You're... not...
Mitsuki:  Oh, me?  I do this all the time.  This is how I rise through the police
          ranks.  And besides, I earn some pocket change that way.  So, screw to
          your heart's content.

     "Screw" was the word that immediately set him off.  His manhood
continuously plunges into her like a raging demon.  Her power universal is so good;
it's bringing him to the brink of eruption.  Mitsuki, after years of her pussy being
plunged into, finds herself moaning louder...
     [SPLURRRRTT!!!]

Mitsuki:  (How can this be?  I've had dicks as big as these before...  But
          obviously this guy knows how to fuck a lady.  I should do more 
          Jurai-blooded Earthlings from now on!)
Tenchi:   Mitsuki... I have to go...
Mitsuki:  Go?  And why's that?
Tenchi:   My friends are worried about me at home.
Mitsuki:  Oh.  I'm sorry...  I just need you to help fill out this Incident Report,
          please.
Tenchi:   *_*; It doesn't change, does it?

-=**=-

     Tenchi finally makes it back to the Masaki household, but Mayuka runs him
over trying to greet him at the door.

Mayuka:   Daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!!  I'm so glad that daddy's back!!
Tenchi:   Ouch...  Mayuka.  You weigh a ton!
Mayuka:   Did you bring me anything, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy?!
Tenchi:   [That Mayuka is so cute...  AAAARGH!!  I'M NO PEDOPHILE!!]
          Uh...  No, I didn't.  Sorry.
Mayuka:   Awww...  Well, that's okay!  Daddy can give me something else! 
          Right, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy?!! ^0^
     [SHWING!!  AAAAAHH!! NOT WITH HER!!]
Mayuka:   Oh, what a big thing you got between your legs,
          daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!! [Massages her hand over the bulge in
          his pants.]
Tenchi:   [The better to fuck your...] AAAARGH!!  No, Mayuka!  I can't...  Aw,
          fuck it!

     Tenchi's animalistic urges take over once again.  He frees his mighty Johnson
and pounds the living daylights out of his own blood relative.  Mayuka howls
outworldishly as she feels herself get banged and filled and violated repeatedly for
minutes on end...
     [SPLURRRTT!!]
     An uncontrollable shockwave hits Tenchi as he empties his seed into her. 
And he keeps on filling her; he's unable to stop his torrent of semen squirting from
out of his manhood.  It ends up spilling from out of the lucious daughter's pussy
and onto the floor.

Mayuka:   Oooooohhh...  That was the greatest, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!! 
          Let's do this again and again and again and again, forever and ever and
          ever, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!!

Tenchi:   I'm going to hell for this...  I just know I'm going to hell for this...

-=**=-

     After a good dinner, Tenchi decides to hit the bed early.  He knew it's going
to be one of those days again tomorrow: The fighting, the explosions, the swift
mood changes, the havoc, the drama, and ultimately the fucking.  This is terrible. 
He wished he'd never freed the demon, Ryoko, from her prison.
     Just then, a soft light appears in the middle of the room.  Tenchi gets up to
see what it is, thinking it's probably Ryoko or Washuu trying to get another fuck
from him.  But then, it turns out to be the High Goddess of Jurai Tsunami; wearing
the Juraian ceremonial robe, a weak smile on her face, and nothing else.

Tsunami:  Well, Lord Tenchi.  It seems that it was a busy day for you.
Tenchi:   Well... heh.  The only complaint is that it's taking it's toll on me.  I
          can't keep doing this forever, you know.
Tsunami:  But you have drunk the water from the tree of life, Tenchi Masaki. 
          You will be able to last for centuries.  There is no need for you to
          worry about that.
Tenchi:   You've got to excuse me, Miss Tsunami.  All I want right now is sleep,
          pure unadulterated sleep.
Tsunami:  Then let me send you to dreamland, Lord Tenchi.

     And with that, the High Goddess of Jurai flings off her robe to reveal...  A
Juraian summer string bikini swimsuit!
     [SSSSHHHWWWWIIIINNNNNGGGGGG!!!!!!]

Tenchi:   ..........  Let's eat...

     Tenchi takes the high priestess by the waist and kisses her in the mouth.  He
moves her bikini aside and starts slamming her with his mighty*2 Johnson.  It ends
up being more than she can handle, but is too lost into the fusion of pain and
pleasure to tell him to stop.  Tenchi's animalistic behavior pounds away at
Tsunami's soft turquoise-haired palace as she releases a "tsunami" of primordial
juices onto his shaft, balls, and legs.  He feels it coming, and he removes himself
from her gates as he rolls her over and prepares to unleash his furry all over her
supreme goddess busoms.
     [SSSSPPLLLUUURRRRTTTT!!!!!!]
     Tenchi's mighty*2 Johnson fires blast after blast of jizz all over Tsunami's
face, hair, and breasts.  She grabs his Johnson and slurps the rest of his stickiness
from his member.

-=**=-

     He's now in his dreamscape.  He's laying back on a tree at the school park,
waiting for his mother.  And here she comes, wearing that lovely Japanese school
outfit and her hair in a long ponytail.  It's Achika.

Tenchi:   Oh mom!  I'm so glad I can see you again!
Achika:   (Gives him a hug.)  Tenchi, my son.  I'm so proud of you.  You're
          growing up to be a healthy boy.
Tenchi:   Mom.  My life is so messed up now.  I'm having sex with all these
          alien girls.  And I can't seem to stop myself.
Achika:   And they can't seem to stop you either?
Tenchi:   They don't wanna stop me!  I mean...  What if I were to suddenly end
          up banging Sasami?
Achika:   I believe it's been taken care of.  The author of this fanfic may be a
          pervert, but he's not that sick.
Tenchi:   But I just did Mayuka!
Achika:   I believe he was using the Mayuka from our second Tenchi Muyo
          movie.
Tenchi:   This is nuts!  I'm turning into a sadistic pervert just like my dad!
Achika:   Tenchi dear...  Your dad's not a sadistic pervert.

     Tenchi's dad, young Nobuyuki, is in his room, butt-nekkid and totally
evaporated from having way too much sex with Achika.

Achika:   I AM!! [Flings up her skirt to give her future son a good long look.]
     [SSSSHHHWWWWIIIINNNNNGGGGGG!!!!!!]
Tenchi:   MOOOOOM!!!  I....!!  Can't....  Oh, forget it!

     Tenchi grabs his future mother and leans her back to the tree.  He then frees
his mighty*3 Johnson and slides it into her pussy, which is wet like the Pacific
Ocean and flowing with girlcum like the Nile River.  He bangs his own mother
continuously and mercilessly, all sence and logic past the point of no return. 
Achika's currently holding on for dear life, screaming out her son's name as he gets
ready to ignite once again.
     [SSSSPPLLLUUURRRRTTTT!!!!!!]

-=**=-

     Tenchi's eyes snap open, bringing him back into the real world.  That was
the world wet dream he had since the alien girls bunked here.  But somehow he still
feels that great warmth and wetness along his Johnson.  Someone's in bed with
him.

Tenchi:   (I wonder who it is this time.  If it's Ryo-Ohki, I'm committing
          suicide.)

     He flings off the covers, and a beautiful girl had his mighty cock all into her
mouth and down her throat.  It can be said that it was the best "deep throat"
performed by anyone within this series.  Only...  This girl is...

Miaka:    VANILLA ICE CREAM!!

Tenchi:   [Grimacing] Dammit, Miaka!  Why the hell do you gotta come all the
          way from "Mysterious Play" to suck _my_ dick?!!
Miaka:    [With his dick still in her mouth.]  Because it's the biggest.  Bigger
          than Tamahome, Hotohori, Nuriko, Mitsukake, Tasuki, and Chichiri
          combined.
Tenchi:   That's it!  I'm turning gay!  Maybe Nuriko's still available...

                   THE (very disturbing) END

*    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *    *

                          Next Fanfic?
     Mikado Ichiban VS Asuka 120% & Advanced Variable Geo:
                 Phrank's Day (Of Getting) Off
                            someday...