2 New Students

Prologue: 

 It was a quiet and sunny day at the Masaki household. A teenage boy
about 16 years old with a red Chinese shirt and black  pants was walking
towards the door. He knocked several times but no one answered. "Damn"
thought the boy. "Well guess no ones home". He sighed and began to leave
until suddenly a red hair girl about 14 years old opened the door. "Yeah
who is it?" asked the girl looking somewhat angry. The boy looked back
and saw the girl standing at the door. He quickly returned to the door,
the girl eyed him suspiciously and asked him, "What do you want?" "I'm
looking for Tenchi, is he home?" the boy asked. As mall grin forming on
the girl could be seen. "No, he isn't home; he went with Ryoko to the
city!" "With who?" Asked the boy in total confusion. The girl looked at
him some time and finally asked, "Say, how do you know Tenchi? and who
are you?" The boy big sweated because he had forgotten to introduce
himself and so... he began, "I'm Ranma Saotome. And as for how I know
Tenchi, I know him because were cous'ns." The girl stared at him and
smiled michivioucely at him, "I'm Washu, and I'm the greatest scientific
genius in the universe!" Ranma eyed Washu for a moment and then burst
out laughing so hard that he closed his eyes to keep the tears from
leaving his eyes. "Good joke kid" said Ranma. When he finally got a grip
on himself he opened his eyes to stare at a beautiful red hair teen
about 21 years old dressed in the same fashion as Washu. "You were
saying Ranma?" asked Washu in a low and seductive voice.
"How...Whoa...You were just..." said Ranma, totally amazed and doing
some funny things that should represent height. "Calm down Ranma,
there's no need to do that, I'll tell you anything you want" said the
woman. Ranma began thinking back at what Hawkeye had told him: "You are
going to see things that no other man had possibly seen". "Boy, how damn
right he was!" thought Ranma not noticing what Washu was doing. "Have
you fished?" asked Washu suppressing a giggle. Ranma broke out of his
trance and just nodded in amazement at what he was seeing, here in front
of him was Washu wearing only her bra and her panties. Ranma began to
turn all red and Washu began to laugh. "C....could you please put
something on!?!" said Ranma. "First, did Hawkeye send you?" asked Washu.
"Yes he did!, now put something on!" replied Ranma. Washu put some
clothes on and only said to Ranma, "Please come with me". Ranma only
followed Washu without any question as to where they were going. They
entered the house and then went all the way to Washu's Lab, when they
were at the center of the lab Washu turned to Ranma, "Ranma, I need to
run some tests on you". Ranma remembered the conversation he was having
with Hawkeye: "Ranma, listen carefully to what I'm going to say. Do not
under any circumstances trust any person fully, always suspect on every
single detail." Ranma eyed Washu suspiciously and replied, "Like what?".
"Oh nothing really" said Washu casually. "Just some tests to prove
you're both physically and mentally ok to what I'm going to infuse
you.". "Um...yeah, ok, no prob." Said Ranma unaware, of what Washu had
meant. Washu was grinning while she led Ranma to a capsule where she was
going to test him. " Please enter the capsule Ranma." .Ranma did as he
was told. Washu started the tests by altering Ranma's body weight and
testing his endurance. The only problem was that each time she run a
test on him, she would alter his hormone levels. After an hour or so
Washu had finished with her Testing and infusing all the things she knew
on Ranma, so that he would be practically as smart as her, the only
problem was that the only way he could access this intellectual level
was when he was near Washu. Otherwise he was going to be smart but he
was still going to be the same Ranma that would end up sticking his foot
on his mouth constantly. Ranma stepped out of the capsule and was
feeling a little dizzy thanks to all of the tests Washu had run on him.
"So how are you feeling Ranma?" said Washu seductively Ranma's hormones
were reacting at this but he was keeping them at bay with all of his
strength. "Er...fine, why?" he replied. "Well I was concerned about you
Ranma, because you know, you're really cute." This set Ranma on fire and
he couldn't hold on any longer. "Washu.....would you mind.....?" he
asked. Washu put an innocent look on her face. "Mind what Ranma?". Ranma
had transported behind Washu and was now cupping and caressing her
breasts, "If I do this" Washu was grinning, "My my Ranma, you're fast
ain't you" Ranma spun Washu around and make her face him,
"I....want....you,....Washu." Ranma lowered his lips and kissed Washu
passionately on hers. "Hmm....Ranma" moaned Washu as Ranma starts to rub
her breasts. Washu moaned again, louder this time.  "Ranma?" Ranma
looked up to met Washu's eyes. "Yeah what?" Washu's grin grew larger and
replied. "Let's not do it here. I know a place that's really great for
both of us." Ranma smiled at Washu and the two left the lab and went
into someone's room. "This your room?" asked Ranma. "Nope. It's
Tenchi's. Perfect, is it not?" replied Washu. She then took her clothes
and underwear off in front of Ranma. He was more aroused than ever as he
looked at her naked body and quickly took off his clothes. Washu, in the
meantime, was lying on the floor. "Well, Ranma,...." she told him. "What
are you waiting for?". Ranma quickly went on top of her and gave her a
long, deep kiss in the lips. Washu could feel Ranma's tongue touching
hers. She then wrapped her arms around him, making the kiss longer.
Ranma then pulled out and starts to lick her neck while he rubs her
breasts. Washu moans as she could feel Ranma's fingers pinching her tips
as his tongue goes down further to lick them. "ooooh, Ranma!" she moans
as Ranma continues licking her tips. Then he begins to suck them which
made Washu moan louder. "More, Ranma! More!" she moaned. And Ranma does
just that. He slips his fingers into her pink unders and starts to move
his fingers around it. This made her arouse even more. Now, she could
feel his fingers touching her cherry. She moans once again. Ranma lifts
his head up and heads down to Washu's pink bottom. He looks at it and is
amazed at how beautiful it is. He then decides to lick around it. "Oh,
goodness! Ranma! It's so good!" Washu screamed as Ranma now licks her
clitoris. The pleasure has now become an obsession for Washu as she rubs
her breasts while feeling Ranma's tongue licking her pink outside. She
tries to stop her moaning by sucking her fingers as Ranma puts his
inside her. Ranma could feel Washu's insides. It was so warm and smooth.
He could imagine what it feels like if he would put his manhood inside.
Then, Ranma gets up and looks at Washu. "Washu? Will you....?" he asked.
"Of course, my dear." she replied with a smile. Now, switched places, it
was now Washu's turn to give Ranma his pleasure. She begins by letting
Ranma lick her breasts once again as she kisses his forehead. She then
kisses him in the lips. Then his neck. She continues to go down and kiss
different parts of his body until she finally reaches his hard wood. She
starts to kiss its sides. Then to its tip. Ranma starts to moan a little
as she begins to lick its sides. And then she starts to lick its tip.
"Aaah! Washu! You're so....!" Ranma moans again before he could finish
what he's saying as Washu starts to suck it. Up and down her  mouth
moves and Ranma moans more. "So good!" Washu thought. She then moves
faster, making Ranma moan more. She suddenly taste a small amount of
liquid that comes out of Ranma's tip. It was so good to her that she
moves a lot more. Ranma could not hang on any longer. The feeling is so
good he wanted to come. But he struggled to hold on and save it for the
big one. He then called Washu. "Washu! I want to....inside...." She
hears Ranma's plea and finally stop's sucking. She then gets up and
holds Ranma's wood, guiding it to her pink bottom. Then, she slowly lets
the wood penetrate her insides. She screams as she could feel it inside
of her. Ranma moans as well. Ranma could not believe how wonderful it
is. Her insides were so warm and smooth. Washu loved the feeling as well
as she begins to move her body up and down, getting more of the feeling.
Ranma wants the same as he helped Washu by pushing himself to her. Washu
responded by moving faster. Ranma responds the same way. Now, both were
out of control. Washu falls on all fours as she continues to push
herself to Ranma at the fastest pace she can. Ranma begins to squeeze
both of Washu's breasts as he goes faster as well. More and more they
collide. Faster and faster. Harder and harder. "Washu!!
I'm.....almost.....!" "Me....too....Ranma!" Then, both screamed as they
finally burst out into one another. Like two energy balls collide. Then,
Washu and Ranma looked into one another and made a very long kiss.....

Ranma fell asleep  and Washu just smiled at him, she summoned  her
holographic computer and put some clothes on Ranma, " Oh Ranma, now I
can see why all the girls in this universe fall in love for you and
you're brother," At that moment somebody entered the house, "Washu, are
you here" and with that she left to go check who could it be.
"Coming" said Washu as she was coming down the stairs, at the moment she
reached the bottom she stopped to look at a man around 18 years old with
a strange outfit with a cape hanging from behind. "Hello Washu, long
time no see" said the man with a warm yet uncomfortable tone of voice,
"Hi Hawkeye, how are you doing" said Washu looking dreamily at the
Hawkeye. "Fine, I hope you don't get pregnant Washu, you know all the
problems that could cause" replied  Hawkeye with a cold tone of voice
that could freeze water.
Washu took a more serious look on her face and just nodded, 
"I know that" "Well how's Ranma doing?" asked Hawkeye changing the
topic. "Pretty well, now he knows everything he should know" said Washu
grinning. "Washu you didn't erase his memory!?!" said Hawkeye with a
frightened look on he's face. "Ha! got you there didn't I?" said Washu
laughing. "Washu don't scare me like that again please!" Hawkeye
replied. "Well I'll take Ranma with his father" Hawkeye transported to
Tenchi's  room, picked up Ranma and transported him to China, leave's
him on his tent and transports himself to his home.
Ranma woke up the next morning thinking about all the strange things
that happened to him the day before. "What the hell was I doing there!"
Ranma's dad then entered the tent drag Ranma outside and made him pack
his things, "Ranma get ready couse were going to Jusenkyo!" Ranma packed
everything quickly and went with his father to Jusenkyo.
---------------------------------------2 months
later-------------------------------

We see Soun Tendo and Genma Saotome discussing about something.
"So what do you think Mr. Saotome?" "So you're daughters aren't going to
be here until tomorrow afternoon right?" Soun Tendo only nod's 
"Well in that case Tendo we should send Ranma to school so that he
spends the day in there" said Genma, Soun only nods in agreement. They
go and search for Ranma to tell him the news. "What!!!!!" said Ranma
angrily "Why would I want to go to school!?!"    "Ranma its for
perfecting the art!" said his father, they went on a discussion for some
time and then Ranma finally agreed to go to school.  





Chapter 1: 
School is the best place for a reunion

Introduction:

It was a normal day at Furinkan High School. But... some new student's
arrived and nothing's gonna be the same afterwards.

School is the best place for a reunion
A certain classroom at Furinkan High School. Everyone is doing what
every other school is doing. Chatting, eating, fighting, having fun. All
of that halted when the Teacher came. Everyone head for their proper
seats and remained standing. "Good Morning, Teacher!" said the students.
"Good Morning." he replied. "You may now take your seats." "Class,
before we proceed to our lesson, I would like you all to meet two new
students.". The teacher then calls them out and they came in. One was a
pony-tailed boy. The other was a sort of alight blue-haired, busty young
woman. They bowed to the teacher and faced the class to introduce
themselves. "I'm Ranma Saotome. Please to meet you." said the boy.
"Ryoko Masaki. How ya all doin'?" said the girl. The students then began
murmuring one another about the new students. "Wow! Ain't he cute?" said
a female. "She's the girl of my dreams!" murmured another. "Mr. Saotome.
Ms. Masaki. You may take your seats. "said the Teacher. Ranma spotted a
seat near a boy and seated there before Ryoko does. She quietly plotted
using her powers, but is unable to do so because of her promise to
Tenchi that she will never use them during class hours. The boy sighed
in relief. Then turns his head toward Ranma.
"Hi. I'm Tenchi Masaki." 
"Hi, cousin. Long time no see." 
"Cousin?" Tenchi asked. 
Ranma nodded and replied "Aww c'mon, don't tell me you forgot you're
cous'n!! Remember, the one who always wined you on tag!"
Something Tenchi had long forgotten came to his mind, "Wait, don't tell
me you're MY cous'n Ranma!!"
"Yup" Said Ranma grinning.
"The  one who always went with me to the cave, and played when we were
young??"
"The one and only" Said Ranma somewhat laughing
"WOW! I never thought I was going to see you here!"
"Yeah!!" Strange place for a family reunion, don't you think?" 
"Yeah!" and the two started laughing.

--------------------------------------MEANWHILE----------------------------------
Ryoko sighted. "well maybe next time". She walked over and seated next
to a short haired girl.
"Hi I'm Tendo Akane," Ryoko turned around and faced her. 
"Hi, I'm Masaki Ryoko" was all she said before turning back to stare at
Tenchi and Ranma talking and laughing.
Akane went to her side and watched Ranma and Tenchi discussing.
"Hey Ryoko right, do you know Tenchi?" 
"Yes," Ryoko sighted and turned to see Akane.
"Hey you wanna be friends??" Ryoko was taken back by her comment. 
 "Yeah.....sure," Ryoko replied a bit stunned. She began thinking for a
moment,  "a friend.." she thought  "a true friend, I've never had one,
the closest thing to a friend I've had is Ayeka" she reconsidered that
part about Ayeka and decided to go against it, "No, no, no, that spoiled
Jurai princess ain't a friend nor anything related to it, no,  Tenchi,
yes Tenchi is my friend." 
"Something wrong?" Akane asked Ryoko. "N....no! No! Nothing Akane." she
quickly replied and giggled at something. 
"What's so funny??" asked Akane confused  
"No, nothing, just remembered a silly thing," Ryoko told her new friend
a silly joke and both of  them started laughing.
"Class will you shut up!?!" yelled the teacher. "The class ain't
finished!" At that moment the bell rang, and everybody started talking
again.
The Teacher  began speaking, "well remember class to do you're homework,
and have a nice day." The teacher left the room everyone started leaving
towards their home. While they were walking Tenchi and Ranma were
talking, "So Ranma, watcha gonna do???" asked Tenchi to his cousin 
"I'm gonna go and train , wanna come??" replied Ranma. 
Before Tenchi would say no, someone grabbed him from behind. It was
Ryoko. "Leaving without me??" she asked Tenchi. 
Ranma interfered. "Hey, cousin! Why didn't ya told me you had such a
nice girlfriend, Huh?? 
"Huh? Whoa! Hold on a minute! She's not my girlfriend!!" 
"Well, it does look like she is." The conversation halted when Ryoko
started kissing Tenchi. He quickly pushed her off and wiped his lips.
"Ryoko!?! How many times must I tell you not to do that?!?" yelled
Tenchi. Ryoko looked at him. Then at Ranma. "Tenchi, who is he??" She
asks. "He's my cousin, Ranma." Tenchi replied. Ranma then bows to Ryoko
"....and who might you be miss???" he asked her already knowing the
answer. "I'm Ryoko." she replied. She then turns her head toward Tenchi
and tells him in REALLY seductive voice "So, you didn't told you're
cousin about me? How mean of you.". Tenchi started to turn  8 different
shades of red and shouted "Ryoko! will you STOP IT!!!!" Ranma started to
laugh uncontrollably at that. At that moment, Ryoko and Tenchi looked at
him with questioning eyes. Ranma started tocry out of the laughter. They
both asked simultaneously "What so funny Ranma??"
"Haha...you're...haha...telling..haha..her...to...stop...while...while
anyone else would...would be wishing to be in you're
shoes...hahaha...!!!!!" Tenchi began to get angry and yelled at Ranma
"Stop it, will ya!!"
 "SORRY". Apologized Ranma to his cousin. 
Ranma then asked Tenchi "So, cousin, wanna go to practice with me??"
Ryoko quickly shut Tenchi's mouth before he could reply. "Sure we will!"
she said. Tenchi started to protest but stop as Ryoko gave him a stern
look. Tenchi just shrugged and followed them. After they arrived at the
practicing spot on the top of a hill, Ranma and Tenchi began to stretch
and do some weird warm up. "So, are you ready, Tenchi?" he asks. Before
Tenchi could respond, Ryoko quickly pushed Tenchi away from Ranma,
sending him down the hill. "I'm ready, sweetie pie!" she said. "A
GIRL!?!" Ranma shouted. "I CAN'T FIGHT A GIRL!!!" Ryoko was fuming at
this. "How dare you say such a thing like that to a sexy, beautiful
young woman like me!?!" "This is going to get ugly....." Tenchi thought
as he crawls back to the hill. Ryoko then summons her sword and charges
straight at Ranma. "So,....I guess I have no choice but to take
heron....." Ranma said with a certain kind of sarcasm on his voice.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Ryoko begins her attack by swinging her sword furiously at Ranma. But
Ranma remained calm and dodged every swing of Ryoko's sword. "I can't
believe this!" Ryoko thought. "Is he reading my moves? Impossible!". She
then tried another attack by throwing a series of punch and kick
combinations at Ranma, but to no avail. She then tries to take him out
with fireballs, Ranma was able to avoid all without a scratch. Ranma, on
the other hand, was just beginning to close his eyes. Bored for he finds
it too easy to take on a girl. But just before he shut his eyes
completely, he quickly noticed Ryoko vanished right in front of him. In
shock, he looked around. But Ryoko's nowhere to be found. Then, Ranma
suddenly sensed a strong energy surge coming straight at him.....from
above. When he looked up, it was too late for him to take action as a
ball of light quickly falls straight down towards him. Tenchi covered
his face with his arm as the battle field was engulfed in smoke and
dust. By the time the smoke and dust was cleared, all Tenchi could see
was Ryoko in front of him. Her back was turned. Her left arm on her
waist. In front of her was Ranma, who is in a blocking stance. He just
stood there, motionless. Ryoko then placed her right palm in front of
her mouth and gave Ranma a blowing kiss. Ranma immediately falls to the
ground. Still motionless. "Heh. Never underestimate a Space Pirate."
said Ryoko. She then turned toward Tenchi and quickly gave him a big
hug. "Now, Tenchi....." she said. "Why say we practice OUR own
techniques, hm?". Before Tenchi could answer, Ranma was already back on
his feet. "Hey, Ryoko! We're not through yet!" he yelled. He then places
his hands sideways to his chest. Palms facing each other. A sphere of
energy begins to appear between Ranma's hands. And it's growing. "I
can't let her beat me!" Ranma thought. "I'm the master of the
Anything-Goes School of Martial Arts! I can't be beaten by a girl like
her!". He then threw the energy sphere as he shouts the name of his
technique: "Mouko Takabishia!!!!". Ryoko was too surprised that Ranma
could do that technique that she couldn't avoid it, instead she quickly
responded by using Tenchi as a shield. "Ryoko!" cried Tenchi. "What are
you....." before he could complete his sentence, Ryoko quickly
teleported away as the Mouko Takabishia collided with Tenchi. She then
reappeared in front of Ranma and before Ranma could react, he was
already hit by an uppercut by Ryoko. Sending him into the air. Ryoko
quickly flew after Ranma and prepares for her next attack. Ryoko saw for
a brief moment Ranma's blue eyes and was lost in them . Out of
desperation and taking advantage of Ryoko's distraction , he was able to
kick Ryoko at the back of the head. The force of the blow was enough to
knock her out and send her falling into the ground. Ranma, on the other
hand, was only able to do a flip since he couldn't  move because he was
to weak because of Ryoko's attacks and thus falls down. Tenchi was dazed
from the Mouko Takabishia technique but was able to get to his senses
when he saw Ryoko falling to the ground. "RYOKO!!!" he shouted as he
attempts to chase the falling Space Pirate. But before he could do so,
Ryoko suddenly made a somersault and landed to the ground on both feet.
She then collapses afterwards. Before Tenchi could react, Ranma quickly
felled from the sky and thanks to his training he was able to land with
both feet  on the ground in front of  Tenchi.
Ranma let out a burst of energy so great that it knocked everyone
unconscious. Something on Ranma's body felt different, as if he was
another person, he remembered something that he had long since
forgotten, something from his childhood, he remembered someone who had
thought him how to do something that he thought was impossible and he
felled to the ground unconscious.
------------------------------------------------------- 
The sun was already setting. It's almost night fall. Ranma, Tenchi, and
Ryoko were heading back to town. All three of them were in bandages.
Ryoko was the lucky one for she only took a good blow from the back of
the head, thus her only bandage. The other two were not so lucky. "I
really underestimated you back there, Ryoko." Said Ranma. "You won that
fight fair and square." "Nah." Ryoko replied. "You did. You knocked me
out before you felled in front of  Tenchi." "Well, whatever. You are a
great opponent. Think we can do this again sometime?" "Sure! As long as
Tenchi's coming, that is." Ryoko then kissed Tenchi on the cheek and
hugged him tight. "YEEOW! RYOKO! YOU'RE HURTING MY RIBS!" screamed
Tenchi. Ranma was laughing at the situation. "Boy! Your girlfriend
really likes you!" he said. "Ryoko is NOT my girlfriend!" replied
Tenchi. "Not with that kiss she gave you!" Ranma said in a playful tone
of voice. "WILL YOU STOP THAT!?!" yelled Tenchi as Ranma bursts into
laughter. "By the way Ranma how did you made that burst of energy back
there?" said Tenchi confused. Ranma only laughed and told him he would
tell him later. Afterwards they've said their good-byes and gone their
respective ways.....

Tenchi's Home

It was night at the Masaki household, everyone was asleep in it except
for Tenchi and Ryoko who were having a conversation.
"So how was you're first day at school Ryoko??" asked Tenchi to his
"girlfriend"
"Pretty well, I made a new friend!" said Ryoko with a lot of enthusiasm  
"Way to go Ryoko, and what's his name?" asked Tenchi curious 
"Her name is Akane" said Ryoko happily.
"WHO??!?" Tenchi was surprised that Akane and Ryoko were friends
"What, what's wrong with being Akane's friend?" asked Ryoko confused at
Tenchi's reaction.
"No nothing Ryoko, its just that I was surprised, that's all." Said
Tenchi with a smile on his face
"Oh.......ok" said Ryoko
Tenchi was feeling tired and told Ryoko that it was time to sleep, she
went to sleep thinking of Ranma, she blushed at her thoughts and went to
sleep.

Ranma's Home

Ranma was having a hard time with what his father was telling him,  he
couldn't believe what he had done, his stupid father had engaged him to
someone he didn't knew and on top of that he couldn't do anything to
prevent it, he had gone to the dojo to practice and clear his thoughts.
"I see that something is bothering you Ranma" said a man from the corner
of the Dojo seeing Ranma practice a very complex kata. 
"My stupid pops engaged me to someone without my permission, Hawkeye"
said Ranma finishing his kata and going towards Hawkeye 
"Well Ranma I believe you should go to sleep, you've had a rough day"
"I don't want to sleep now, how could I??" said Ranma angrily.
Hawkeye chanted a spell and made Ranma fall asleep, he picked him up and
went to leave him on his room without anyone noticing him.
"I hope that everything turns out fine, tomorrow I'm going with Washu to
discuss this matter." and with that he transported himself out of there.


-----------------------------------
Alright so what do you think of it, this is my first attempt to write a
fic. So please tell me what do you think. Any idea, critics or even a
you're fic sucks will be welcome, they may be sent to kingale@yahoo.com