"A Bizarre Reunion-  Part 1"
A Tenchi Muyo! Fanfic by Pbaer41@yahoo.com

Welcome again friends to another TM! fanfic written by me, Pbaer41@yahoo.com . The following 
piece is a response to a challenge presented by a friend of mine, who is a big fan of the OVA and 
the TV series (neither of us can stand Tenchi in Tokyo.... Except for the episode "Ryoko's Big 
Date"). I was dared to write a story with the following:

Set in the OVA a year after the final episode
Must have a new character that is a relative of a cast member
Lemon Content for Mihoshi
Includes a fight scene

I'm guessing my buddy had some ideas for a fanfic but is just too damn lazy to write one, so here 
I am. This is another long story with a plot and lemony content! Tenchi and the rest of the 
Masaki gang are owed by Pioneer and a buncha other people. I'm just borrowing them for this 
story. Ryoushi, HAK, and Lon-ohki were created by me to fit in to this world and have some fun. 
So enjoy my story :).

"A Bizarre Reunion"

	Ryoushi sat back and stared into space. "HAK, how long has it been since we last docked?" 
A purple sphere floated over to the bounty hunter. 
	"It has been exactly 1 month, 2 weeks, 5 days, and 4.13 hours, Ryoushi," the artificial 
intelligence responded. Ryoushi stood and stretched; running his hands through his short black 
hair. It was wild and spiked in various parts (think Ryoko's hair only shorter). He was tall and 
thin, and dressed in black mesh armor. It was form fitting and made him look like some sort of 
space-age model. 
	Ryoushi glanced again out into space. Bounty hunters rarely took vacations, but he had 
been working with the Galaxy Police for over 500 years, and there was very little for him to do 
now adays. His specialty was destroying InterGalatic Crime Syndicates or Mobs. But at the present 
moment there was peace in the Universe.
	"I hate these dry spells!" he groaned. "Where are we now HAK?"
	"We have just entered the Sol System, Ryoushi. It is a small and rather empty system 
under the control of Jurai. The third planet from the main star is livable and populated by 
humanoids with a few exceptions". Ryoushi turned and looked at the sphere.
	"Exceptions?"
	"Yes, according to long range sensors, there are presently three Jurains, a member of the 
Guarth race, and.... "
	"Yes HAK?"
	"You'd better check the sensors for yourself, sir". Ryoushi walked over to the nearest 
monitor and let out a gasp.
	"Lon-ohki, full speed towards Earth... now!" A loud "meow" echoed through the halls as 
the gray ship accelerated though space. Ryoushi sat back in his chair and smiled. "At long 
last.... Washu".


	Down on Earth, in a small house in rural Japan, a male teenager was trying his best to 
enjoy his summer vacation. Tenchi frowned as he once again found himself on the ground, bokken in 
hand. His grandfather stood over him, his usual grim expression present. "I guess that's enough 
for today Tenchi. Continue with your chores".
	"Yes, Grandfather," Tenchi replied as he walked down the long set of stairs back to his 
house. "I can save the Universe but I can't beat my own grandfather in a sword fight. This has 
not been a good day," he wined. 
	The Masaki household was abuzz with activity. Aeka and Ryoko were watching a soup opera 
in living room while Sasami was busying herself with cleaning the kitchen. Washu and Mihoshi were 
in the subspace lab. The dimwitted policewoman was currently strapped to a wall with various 
suction cups attached to her forehead.
	"Ummm... Miss Washu? What are you doing again?"
	"I've told you before Mihoshi, I'm just continuing to track your vital stats. You're the 
first Guarth on this planet after all. Who knows what how this atmosphere may affect you body?" 
When Washu was sure she was finished, she sent Mihoshi out and asked her to send in Ryoko. 
	Ryoko frowned. She HATED being her mother's guinea pig. But if she refused or fled, she'd 
just be tracked down and go through pain and anger and finally be probed and poked and she'd 
probably miss dinner. It was just easier to deal with her Washu's odd experiments.

	An hour later Tenchi was plowing one of the fields as he noticed Sasami and Ryo-ohki 
approach him with a pitcher of water. He waved to them and met them half way, a broken carrot in 
hand for Ryo-ohki.
	"Hi Tenchi! Working hard?" Sasami asked cheerfully. Tenchi nodded as he noticed Ryo-ohki 
staring into the sky and meowing. Sasami noticed too. "What's wrong Ryo-ohki? What are you 
looking at?" Tenchi and Sasami squinted to try and make out what the cabbit was seeing that they 
couldn't. Suddenly it was obvious. A larger version of the ship Ryo-ohki transformed into was 
rapidly approaching them. Ryo-ohki looked really confused, and the same expression was on Tenchi 
and Sasami's faces. 
	"I wonder who that could be?" 

	Aboard Lon-ohki, Ryoushi studied the pair of humans. "HAK?" The purple sphere floated 
over to its master. 
	"From the internal scans, it appears that the male has a mix of both native and Jurai 
blood. From the look of the young female's forehead markings, I've come to the conclusion that 
she is from the Royal family of Jurai".
	"Royalty huh? And a crossbreed? Washu's certainly in an odd situation. We'll, I'd better 
go introduce myself. Lon-ohki... fully stop". The cabbit-ship froze about 20 feet above the 
field, and a second later Ryoushi and HAK appeared above the ship, looking down at Sasami and 
Tenchi. He slowly floated down to them, HAK now perched on his shoulder. He noticed a cabbit 
peaking at him from behind the girl... so Lon-ohki wasn't one of a kind. Tenchi tensed and pulled 
Sasami behind him. 
	"Be careful Sasami... he looks dangerous." Ryoushi touched down infront of the humans.
	"Oh I'm dangerous all right, but you have nothing to fear from me," he spoke politely. 
"My name is Ryoushi, the Greatest Bounty Hunter in the Universe, and this is my computer HAK. 
(The sphere buzzed at the mention of its name). I'm here to see Washu".
	"Washu?" Tenchi asked. "You said you're a bounty hunter... are you..."
	"No, no. Not at all!" Ryoushi chuckled, shaking his head. "This is a personal visit... by 
the way, I introduced myself, it's only polite if you did the same".
	"Oh, pardon me. I'm Tenchi Masaki and this is Sasami and Ryo-ohki". The cabbit looked up 
at the man and meowed. Ryoushi knelt and patted the cabbit.
	"I never thought she'd make another. Lon-ohki! Come say hello!" With that the ship above 
them suddenly changed into a cabbit and landed infront of the group. It was larger than Ryo-ohki 
and gray.
	"Oh wow! Another cabbit!" The furry pair looked at each other before they ran of together 
meowing. Ryoushi smiled.
	"It's been a while since Lon-ohki's looked that happy. Umm, if you wouldn't mind, I'd 
really like to see Washu now". Tenchi nodded as he led the bounty hunter and his sphere towards 
the house. Mihoshi was tanning on the roof when she noticed the stranger approaching with Tenchi 
and Sasami. 
	"Ooo... cute guy. I wonder who he is?" she pondered as she pulled on a pair of shorts 
over her bikini bottom and grabbed her pink shirt, quickly climbing back into the house. Aeka and 
Ryoko were again watching television, it seemed the only activity they could together without 
much argument. They both looked at the stairs as Mihoshi bounced down giggling. "There's some 
cute guy dressed in black coming up the walk with Tenchi and Sasami!" she shouted. Just then the 
front door opened and Tenchi, followed by Sasami walked through, followed by Ryoushi. He studied 
the three women infront of him as he whispered to HAK. The sphere floated over to them, starting 
with Mihoshi.
	"This is the Guarth we scanned before," he said in his mechanical voice. He moved over to 
Aeka and spoke again. "The second is from Jurai, and also has the markings of royalty... matching 
that of a first princess, and the third.... This is very interesting Ryoushi!" The three women 
looked bewildered at the talking purple sphere. 
	"What is it HAK?" Ryoushi asked as he studied the third woman.
	"This creature has your exact genetic makeup!"
	"Oh course she does, she's your sister after all!" The entire group spun around to see 
Washu leaning against a wall. "It's been a long time Ryoushi. Come give your mommy a hug!" 
Ryoushi smiled as he floated over to his "mother" and embraced her.
	"It certainly has been a while Washu. Wait... did you say sister?!?!" Ryoushi turned at 
looked at Ryoko. She looked a lot like Washu... had she recreated the experiment?
	"Washu, what the hell are you talking about? Who is this guy?" Ryoko growled as she 
floated over and looked this guy up and down. Washu smiled at her daughter.
	"Ryoko, I'd like you to meet your older brother Ryoushi. Ryoushi, as you can see I 
duplicated your birth with an obvious modification!" Washu giggled and looked over the shocked 
and confused expressions of her family. "If you'd all follow me to the lab I'll explain".
	After everyone was seated behind what appeared to be student desks, Washu, dressed in a 
lab coat, clicked a large projector on and an image of Washu and Ryoushi appeared before them. 
"Many years before I created Ryoko and Ryo-ohki, I made my first attempt at having an offspring 
using my DNA and the "masses". Thus I had a son, and named him Ryoushi".  She clicked a button 
and a new image of Ryoushi and Lon-ohki appeared. "I made a companion for him and named it 
Lon-ohki. My original intent for Ryoushi was to carry on with my work in case something happened 
to me, but apparently he had other ideas, right Ryoushi?"  He nodded at her and sighed.
"I wasn't interested in science... I'm still not. And there was a whole universe out there to 
explore. So after about a year, Lon-ohki and I took off with HAK". The sphere beeped. "I haven't 
seen my mother in oh... at least 1000 years. I traveled through out the universe, and after 
about 30 or 40 years, I decided to become a bounty hunter and track down criminals. Eventually I 
worked my way up to crime syndicates and mobs".
	Washu frowned at being interrupted. "Ahm, as I was saying, I created Ryoushi to become a 
scientist, but I also gave him the three gems Ryoko has as well. These six gems are the only ones 
I've ever discovered. They gave Ryoushi and later Ryoko the abilities to fly, phase through 
objects, as well as incredible strength and power... though Ryoushi is considerably more powerful 
due to the fact that he still has all three original gems".
 Washu clicked the button again and a computerized image of Ryoko and Ryoushi popped up. "Both of 
you have the same basic powers, though, of course your personalities are obviously very 
different!" Ryoko frowned as she looked at her new "brother".
	"Washu, why the hell didn't you tell me I had a brother?!?" Washu sniffled and put on a 
sad face.
	"Well he left before you were born, and I was so sad. Oh you put your Mother through such 
grief Ryoushi! And I assumed you'd come back when you were ready. After all, HAK was programmed 
with my exact makeup and could find me anywhere!"
	"Except when you are in subspace, Creator Washu," HAK replied. "Lon-ohki and my own 
scanners cannot detect through subspace portals. Master Ryoushi concluded that we would meet with 
you someday, though we had given up hope several hundred years ago. You were not present in this 
system the last time we visited".
	"And when exactly did you last enter the Sol System?" Aeka asked. 
	"Lon-ohki flew us through this system about 100 years ago... some space pirates had 
hijacked a transport ship and we took them out!" Ryoushi said, memories of a great battle filling 
his head. Tenchi stood up and walked over to Ryoushi.
	"Well, I've got to be getting back to work, but you're welcome to stay as long as you 
like. I'm sure you and Washu have a lot of catching up to do!" Ryoushi swiftly bowed to Tenchi.
	"Thank you Tenchi Masaki. You are very gracious. I promise I will find some way to repay 
your kindness".
	"Don't worry about it!"

	The rest of the day was a busy one. Everybody seemed to enjoy their new guests' company. 
Ryo-ohki introduced Lon-ohki to carrots, which the gray cabbit absolutely loved. Ryoushi turned 
out to be quite a cook as he help Sasami with dinner. After dinner Ryoko and Ryoushi traded 
stories of battles and conquests, which lead to an arm wrestling contest. After a short chat 
about the Galaxy Police, Mihoshi realized Ryoushi had worked with her Grandfather when he was a 
Lieutenant. He had her laughing hysterically with tales of the young lieutenant's accidents on 
the job. Aeka wasn't being very friendly to the bounty hunter due to his being Ryoko's brother, 
but his attitude and manners and "high respect for such an important member of the Royal Family 
of Jurai" soon had an effect on her. She realized that he was the exact opposite of Ryoko, which 
was a GOOD thing.
	Washu, meanwhile, had been trading information with HAK, studying all of its memory files 
while bringing it up to date on her scientific achievements. Tenchi had returned from sweeping 
the shrine late (the arrival of Ryoushi threw his schedule all out of whack) and was greeted by 
Ryoko and Aeka, which soon lead to yelling and threatening. Ryoushi looked at Sasami confused. 
The little princess explained to the bounty hunter all about the girls' feud over Tenchi. She 
told him it was best not to get involved unless someone ended up being in danger or Tenchi was 
about to be torn in two. 
	It seemed like that was about to happen as each rival had an arm and was pulling with all 
her might. Ryoushi thought fast and did the only thing he could think of. He raised his right 
hand into the air and a split second later an extremely bright light blinded the entire room. 
Ryoushi dashed at Tenchi and transported the two of them up to the roof. As the light faded and 
Sasami, Mihoshi, Aeka, and Ryoko rubbed their eyes, the rivals started their fight anew, totally 
ignoring the absence of Tenchi.
	On the roof, Tenchi let out a sigh of relief. "Thank you Ryoushi! I thought I was done 
for down there!"
	"I told you I'd return your kindness... so are they always like this?" Tenchi nodded. 
	"Ever since they both started living here. I love them both dearly... but they both want 
too much from me!"
	"I suppose if you chose one or the other something horrible would happen and you'd lose 
at least one good friend, right?" Tenchi was dumbstruck. Ryoushi smiled. "But I bet that deep 
down, you've already got one of them in mind... or one of the other girls in this house perhaps? 
You certainly have a variety of beautiful women to choose from. Some people would kill to be in 
your shoes". Tenchi nodded as he thought about the women in his life.
	"Ryoushi, let me ask you something... an outsider's opinion. Who would you choose?"
	"Boy that's a stupid question! I'm not you Tenchi! We're very different people! But since 
you asked... well Washu and Ryoko are out. Sasami's way too young, though she's cute and I'd 
definitely check her out in 10 years. Aeka seems very virginal, yet she's full of fire from the 
way she fights with my sister. But I hate the baggage that comes along with a princess! So if it 
was me, and I had my pick, I'd go with Mihoshi. Sure, she's a ditz and would probably drive me 
nuts... but I'm not thinking on the same lines as you. You're talking about love, I'm talking 
about lust. I don't stick around long enough for love... so I have to admit that that blond down 
there would be a lot of fun!"
	Tenchi looked up into the night sky as he pondered what Ryoushi said. "I wish I could 
think in lust. It'd be nice to just kiss one of them, you know? Go out on a date! But NOOO, I 
have to make one of them my bride!" He paused for a minute. "Ryoushi, you wouldn't... you and 
Mihoshi?" He chuckled at the question.
	"I'm not saying I'm going to try and seduce her! But hey, I'm open for anything, and who 
really knows what could happen! But don't worry, I won't hurt your friend, k?" Tenchi nodded. It 
was nice having another guy around, even if he was much older. It just made things... a little 
more balanced.

	An hour later Ryoushi was replaying his discussion with Tenchi in his head, while 
enjoying his mother's most relaxing invention: the onset. He wondered what the girls in this 
house saw in Tenchi. Maybe it was because he was such a nice guy, but he had the ability to 
defend them against harm. Ryoushi considered himself fairly knowledgeable when it came to women, 
and this seemed to be common trait women found desirable. Hell, it probably explained his luck 
with different types of females throughout the galaxy. Ryoushi could be gentle and kind, but also 
rarely went two days without destroying a group of villains in battle. 
	The bounty hunter looked over at the other side of the large bath. There, Mihoshi was 
smiling at him. It was a warm, flirty smile... he liked it. It didn't take much to convince the 
officer to join him in the bath, especially since she was still wearing her bikini. They had 
chatted for 10 or 15 minutes, but now had settled into a comfortable silence. She was truly a 
beautiful woman. From what he could tell she had tanned her entire body and her skin was 
flawless. Ryoushi wondered how a galaxy police officer could look so perfect. Another mystery he 
supposed. Ryoushi was quick to notice the pain on Mihoshi's face as she stretched. 
	"Are you all right?" Mihoshi groaned.
	"I'm fine... I just hurt my shoulder this morning on patrol... oww it hurts!" she wined. 
Her groans turned to a gasp as she suddenly felt a pair of warm, strong hands on her back. She 
turned her head and looked right into the big blue eyes of Ryoushi. "Wha?"
	"Thought you could use a little help, Mihoshi," he whispered as he massaged her bruised 
muscles. She moaned softly as he worked his magic. It felt SO good. She relaxed back into him, 
and suddenly realized he was still naked... and apparently quite happy to see her. She giggled as 
dirty little thoughts seeped into her mind. She was in the baths with a cute and NAKED guy that 
was making her feel wonderful. She may have been slow, but not THAT slow. Her moans of pleasure 
got louder as Ryoushi left tiny kisses along her neck and nuzzled her right ear, his hands slowly 
sliding around her waist. 
	"Mihoshi... if you want me to stop, I will. But there are more places for me to 
massage...."
	"Oh no Ryoushi, don't stop! This feels so good! Oooo.." Ryoushi's hands slid up her waist 
and caressed her breasts through her bikini top. They were soft, but firm... and obviously very 
sensitive. Mihoshi suddenly turned around and wrapped her hands around her new friend's neck. The 
two looked into each other's eyes and slowly leaned in for a kiss. It grew with passion as 
Mihoshi moaned into Ryoushi's mouth, their tongues entwined. As they kissed, he slowly untied her 
top as Mihoshi wrapped her legs around his waist. He floated them up and out of the water as 
lightly pinched her nipples. When they were on the floor he pushed her on her back and leaned his 
head down to her large breasts. She cooed lovingly as he kissed and licked her. It had definitely 
been too long since she last had a lover: she was sure of that. Masterbating on the couch when 
she was sure Ryoko wasn't going to fly down from the ceiling just didn't compare to this. Her 
moans grew louder as his fingers slipped into her sex and he nibbled on her left nipple. He was 
good, and he knew it. He slowly worked his way down her body, leaving a trail of kisses. Soon 
Ryoushi was staring into her crotch: it was beautiful. He lowered his mouth and began to lick and 
probe her with his tongue. She whimpered and shook as he expertly got her closer and closer to a 
massive orgasm. 
	"Oh Ryoushi!" she cried as it hit her, and after 30 seconds of pure bliss, she collapsed 
on the tiled floor with a huge grin on her face. He crawled back up to her and held her close, 
kissing her forehead. "Oh it's been so long... you were so good!" Mihoshi whispered after a few 
minutes. He smiled down at her. 
	"Is that it? Or is there more you'd like to do?" She giggled as she got up on her hands 
and knees and gave him a playful kiss on the nose. 
	"Oh don't you worry! There's plenty more fun for us!" With that she pushed him onto his 
back and crawled down to his feet. She held back a gasp as her face came level with his crotch. 
It was bigger than she thought; and the thickest she had ever seen. From what she knew about 
Washu, she shouldn't have been surprised. She barely fit her fist around it as she slowly stroked 
him, the time spent in the bath seemingly having no effect on him. She tentatively lowered her 
mouth and licked the tip of him attempting to lick the whole length eventually. He groaned as he 
felt her hot mouth on him. It felt really good. Somewhere in the back of his mind he recalled the 
information HAK had on the Guarth race. Sex was talked about openly in the society and it was 
obvious that someone had taught this beautiful woman just how to fully please her man. He was 
slightly shocked as he looked down to find that she had slipped the whole length in her mouth and 
was deep-throating him. He couldn't remember the last woman he'd met that could do that. He 
moaned her name as she sucked him with an intense hunger. It wouldn't be long now.
	She looked up at him as she felt him explode in her mouth. She swallowed all of it, and 
licked the tip to try and get whatever was left. She noticed the look of bliss on his face and 
smiled. He was a lot of fun! She'd really missed playing with a guy. Tenchi was cute, but she 
knew they'd never be in a position like this. Mihoshi slowly crawled on her hands and knees over 
to get her bikini top. She was still too worn out from her orgasm to stand. Ryoushi noticed her 
movement and stared at her lovely ass as it swished from left to right.
	She gasped as she felt hands on her backside and something-warm brush her sex. He was 
hard so soon? She moaned loudly as he slowly slid into her. She was certainly no virgin, but her 
sex wasn't used to his width and the struggle to fit his manhood inside her was painful and 
pleasurable at the same time. It was amazing. 
	"Ryoushi... I don't want... I mean I do but... I'm not on anything..." Mihoshi tried to 
speak between moans.
	"Don't worry my dear, I know what you're thinking. There's no fear of pregnancy... just 
enjoy this!" He grunted.
He eased his way into her, groaning at the wonderful sensations that filled his system. At last 
he was all the way inside her, and he slowly found a rhythm. He leaned down and fondled her 
breasts as he slid in and out of her. 
	Her moans and cries of pleasure echoed through the bath as she pushed her ass back at him 
each time he slipped out. He was so good... it was all too good. The pair moved and moaned faster 
and harder, approaching two powerful orgasms.  
	Even as the pleasure became too much, Ryoushi's mind was still functioning. He felt the 
presence of someone in the baths with them... either Ryoko or Washu. He couldn't tell at this 
point; his concentration was broken as a flood of emotion washed over him. Her inner muscles 
clenched him tightly as she went over the edge, sending him into his own climax. Mihoshi fell 
flat on her face; this orgasm made the first seem like nothing. Ryoushi also felt weak, but had 
enough presence of mind to float over her and not crush her. He quickly phased into a pair of 
pants and black T-shirt, then disappeared.
	He re-appeared a second later with a blue robe, which he slipped around Mihoshi. She, at 
this point, was exhausted and had given into sleep. He didn't blame her one bit. Now... to that 
presence in the room. He willed his mind to allow a female voice to giggle in his head.
	"I see you can still block me... but even the three gems combined couldn't keep you from 
sending off pleasure waves!" laughed a truly amused Washu. He turned to see her sitting on an 
invisible chair a few feet away. He let his voice fill her mind.
	"So you followed the waves here, right? Should have thought of that... oh well, how much 
did you see?"
	"Enough to know that Mihoshi will be walking funny tomorrow. My son the animal!" she 
giggled. 
	"Yeah, yeah, yeah... OK, where does she sleep? I'd better get her to bed," he whispered 
as he slid his arms under her and stood, picking her up in "crossing the threshold honeymoon 
night" fashion. 
	"The couch in the living room. Now Ryoushi, if you leave tomorrow without even a word... 
I will be forced to hunt you down... we all care about that girl very much... even if she is a 
ditz!" Ryoushi looked down at the content face of the woman he had just made love to. 
	"We'll see what happens tomorrow Washu... she may not want me around after tonight. But 
for now, I'm just as tired as she is. Goodnight mother," he spoke in her head. And with that, he 
teleported out of the baths and phased into the living room. Washu smiled. Her son was all grown 
up.
	Ryoushi needed to sleep. He quietly laid Mihoshi down on the couch, hoping not to wake 
her. He was debating whether or not to join her on the couch or just sleep floating above. He 
finally decided to just float... there wouldn't be much room for the two of them anyway.



End Part 1










 
