Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! and all related characters are property of AIC and
Pioneer. If any of their lawyers are reading this, please don't sue me! I
would like to avoid any and all lawsuits, please. Thank you.

Author's Note:  This story is dedicated to James Padilla for all his help,
support, and for writing kick ass lemons!!!

Tenchi Muyo!-A Broken Jar

    Ryoko was sitting near the candles Sasami had set out on the porch. She
sighed. The humid summer-night weather fell heavy around her. The space
pirate turned her head a bit to view the lakefront. It was lovely. The
little
fireflies flickered about, and lit up the water.
    Ryoko was thinking. All around her was inspiration, but when she thought
about talking to Tenchi, her mind drew on a blank. She loved him so much,
and
she needed to express that love. It wrenched on her insides like nothing
else
ever did before.
    She got up and walked to the lake. Putting out her hand, a firefly
touched it lightly, then rested on her palm. She grasped it, and went it lit
up again, she open her hand and stretched her arm up, releasing it. The
pirate watched the fireflies fly around, searching for their mate. She
looked
at them, and sighed again. She needed to find the right thing to say to
Tenchi.
    She teleported up to a cherry tree. Leaning against a branch, she began
to hum. Out of frustration, she threw her hand against the bulk of the tree,
making the bark fly off. She began to pace, trying to think of what she
would
say. "Tenchi, you know I love you. Don't be an idiot and marry that asshole
of a princess." No, she thought. That wouldn't work. She needed something
more...romantic. So, she tried a different approach. Maybe she would ask him
to go somewhere. Snapping her fingers, she realized what to do. She would
bring him out here tomorrow night and watch fireflies with him. Then, she
would take him for a walk in the woods, and tell him what she knew was
right.
She would pour her heart out.
    Sasami stepped out on the front porch and shouted, "Ryoko! Where are
you?
Come home!" Ryoko turned her head and flew over to the house, planning
tomorrow night with Tenchi. The blue haired princess was on the porch to
greet her. "Hey Ryoko, we're having dessert now. I didn't want you to miss
it." Ryoko smiled and patted her on the head. "What are we having?" Sasami
smiled along with the space pirate. "We're having flavored ice, what kind do
you want?" Ryoko took her shoes off and put on her slippers. "Well," she
began. "I think I want strawberry."
    The second princess of Jurai ran to the table, and then ran back to
Ryoko
with an embarrassed face. "Oops," she whispered. "I forgot to take off my
shoes!" Giggling, Sasami put on her slippers. Ryoko laughed. They both
walked
to the table, where everyone was sitting down, even Mihoshi and Kiyone.
    Mihoshi looked up. "Well, hey there Ryoko!" Ryoko smiled a bit, and
waved
her hand. The galaxy police officer giggled. "What flavor do you want? I
have
cherry!" Kiyone lowered her head. "I am so tired," she said. "Of Mihoshi..."
Ryoko stifled a laugh. "Well Mihoshi, I'm getting strawberry."
    Sasami handed Ryoko a bowl with her strawberry-flavored ice in it. The
bowl had a painting of a cherry tree grove, and mountains behind it. The
pirate stuck her spoon in the ice.
Ryouko took a bit of the cold and satisfying dessert;  Her face twisted in a
wicked manner.

“Ryouko, whats wrong?” Said Sasami, putting a concerned hand on
Ryouko’s
shoulder.

“Brain freeze,: Ryouko replied, taking another bite.
_____
Ayeka looked across the table. She smirked. "Miss Ryoko, I must say that you
have *the most* disgusting table manners." Ryoko spat out, "Oh yeah. You
can't be talking to me, because little princess Ayeka,” Ryoko was cut off
by
Ayeka's hand which flew across her mouth. Ryoko looked at the princess
and grabbed her hand. She tore it away from her mouth. "Don't think that I
don't know things about you." Ayeka scowled. "Miss Ryoko, you know nothing
of
the sort." The wanted criminal collapsed on the floor and convulsed with
laughter.
    The second princess of Jurai looked at her sister with a hint of
laughter
and curiosity. "Squid?" she questioned. Ayeka looked away. "Well, Sasami, I
had to much sake, and I...well, that doesn't matter." Ryoko composed herself
and wiped a tear away from her eye. "That's funny," she commented.

 "I wish you all would think about what you've done in the past, and please
stop making fun of me!" Ayeka said.
With that, Ayeka stomped up the stairs and slammed the door to her room
shut.
    The princess sat in her dark room alone. She was tired, and a bit
embarrassed. Ayeka brought out her futon and smoothed the sheets with her
hand. She then slammed a fist into the sheets, leaving wrinkles everywhere.
    She took the covers off, and lay on the futon. She drifted off to sleep,
thinking about every mistake she had ever made.

  * AYEKA'S DREAM* Ayeka woke up in the Juraian Royal Tree Room. She stood
up, looking around her. She tapped her heel on the ground, and stretched out
her arms. "How did I end up *here*?" She looked around again, and saw the
plot where Tsunami lay.  Ayeka combed the hair back from her face with her
fingers, and began to walk to the royal tree. "Tsunami," she said. The
princess bent down and touched the ground in which the tree was placed. She
saw something peeking out from behind the trunk, and so she leaned over to
look at the foreign object.
     Ayeka saw a jar, and it was made of jade. It shined in the dim lighting
of the room. Her eyes widened. Her hand went to touch the cool, smooth
surface. Her fingertips were centimeters away, and when they made contact
with the jade jar, it shattered into what looked like ten million pieces.
Ayeka jumped back, and her a loud, menacing laugh. She was looking at the
broken jar when she had finally recognized the laugh. The laugh
was...Ryoko's. She heard it howl and echo into the dim room.
    Ayeka's eyes shot around furiously, and tried to locate her enemy, and
where the laughter was emitting from. Ryoko was no where to be found. The
princess clenched her fists and screamed, "Ryoko! Where are you? I command y
ou to show yourself! Now!" No one stepped out of the shadows. Ryoko emerged
from no wall. Ayeka knew she was alone, and now it terrified her.
*END OF AYEKA'S DREAM*
    Sasami sat staring at her sister's horror-stricken face. She lightly
touched Ayeka's shoulder, and the first princess of Jurai sat-up right with
a
fierce jolt. "Ayeka," Sasami said, concern in her voice. "What happened to
you? You looked ill for a second there. Are you o.k. now, Ayeka?" Ayeka
responded with a very soft-spoken response. "Yes, Sasami, I'm o.k. now. I
just had a bad dream, that's all. Thank you." Sasami stood up and went to
the
bathroom to fetch water for her sister.
    She opened the door to Ryoko's room to check on the pirate. Ryo-oh-ki
looked up at the kind face of Sasami, meowed and hopped up on to the
princess' head. Ryoko rolled over to discover a silhouette of a Sasami in
the
doorway. The wanted criminal sat up and said, "Sasami? Is that you? What
happened?" Sasami walked over to Ryoko and smiled. She said, "Sorry to wake
you, Ryoko. I just wanted to see if you were o.k., that's all. Nothing
happened." Ryoko looked up at her and smiled. "That's o.k.." Then, Ryoko was
struck with an idea. "Hey Sasami," she whispered. "How's Ayeka, is she
o.k.?"
The princess turned her head, and shook it. "Yea, she's alright. She just
had
a bad dream, that's why I have water, for her." Ryoko shook her head. "I
see.
Well Sasami, could you do me a favor tomorrow, please?"
    Sasami looked down at the water. "Oh, sure Ryoko. What do you need?" The
pirate put her fingers together and fidgeted. "Well, you see, I have
something to talk about with Tenchi, and, well, you know, I don't want Ayeka
to hear it, so could you take her out for a *long* walk or go shopping for a
while, please, please, please?" Sasami shook her head in agreement. "O.k.,
Ryoko. I'll take her shopping tomorrow. But, I need to ask you a favor in
return, alright?" Ryoko nodded. "What is it?" The princess rolled her eyes
and said, "Could you please make sure everyone gets something to eat
tomorrow
while I'm gone? I have leftovers in the icebox if you need to heat anything
up on the stove. O.k.?" The criminal looked around, and realized this wasn't
*too* bad. "O.k. Sasami, I will. I promise." Sasami smiled. "Thanks Ryoko.
Well, I had better get this water to Ayeka before she gets too worried and
comes over here. Good night." Ryoko smiled and waved. "G' night, Sasami.
Thanks again." Sasami waved back and smiled. "You're welcome."
    The princess walked back to the room, and saw Ayeka looking out the
window. Sasami closed the door and proceeded to walk to Ayeka. "Hey sis,
here's some water for you to help in case you feel a little sick." The first
princess looked up. She turned towards Sasami and gave her a hug.
    Ayeka said in a wavering voice, "Thank you. Umm, I am feeling better
now." Ayeka took the water from Sasami and drank it all. Sasami walked over
to her futon and motioned for Ayeka to do as well. Ayeka walked over to her
futon, too, and sat the drink down. She laid back down and said to Sasami,
"Well, good night."
    The second princess laid back in her futon and tapped Ayeka's shoulder
lightly. "Hey, Ayeka," she began. Her sister rolled over and asked, "Yes,
Sasami?" Sasami looked at her futon and traced circles on the fabric. "Well,
I was wondering if you would like to join me tomorrow to go to town and
shop.
Would you like that?" Ayeka smiled and nodded. "Of course I would. Tomorrow
then. Good night for now, Sasami." The little princess smiled back and
replied sweetly, "Good night, Ayeka."
    Then, the two princess' of Jurai fell back asleep. They both were soon
sleeping happily.
    Out in the hallway, Ryoko teleported outside. She was floating over a
bush, decorated with lovely flowers. She caressed the petals, and they felt
like silk. Ryoko then grasped for one of the flowers.
    The pirate teleported to Tenchi's room next. The pirate reached down
with
her free hand and caressed his face. She floated over his bed, and began to
slowly float down until she was beside him. She placed the flower on his
nightstand.
    Ryoko tapped Tenchi's shoulder. "Tenchi," she whispered. Tenchi rolled
over and opened his eyes slowly. He looked surprised, but didn't move. "Hey,
Ryoko. What are you *doing*?" She looked down and began to shiver. "Well,
Tenchi, I've come here to tell you something." He looked up at her face and
asked, "Yea, what is it?"

"Tenchi. You know I would die for you. The last thing I would want is for
you
to get hurt in any way. But, what I have come here to say is..."

        Her voice trailed off slowly then stopped all together. Tenchi
looked
up. "Well, Ryoko. What did you want to say to me?" She looked up. "Tenchi,
I-Well, I-Tenchi I love you and I want to be with you always. Please."
Tenchi
looked a bit surprised. "Ryoko, you know, you haven't been the calmest
person
I've ever met, but, you know I wouldn't want you to get hurt at all either."
Ryoko looked in to his eyes. "And?" she asked, urging him to finish and
proclaim his never-ending love for her. "What else, Tenchi?" He looked at
her
and reached out for her hand. He felt her warm skin. Then, he took her hand
in his and grasped it firmly. "Ryoko, you know- I love you, too." With that
he looked down and turned a light shade of crimson.
    Ryoko beamed. She had heard the only thing she needed to hear, ever. She
loved him and he had just said he loved her, too! Nothing could be better.
The space pirate leaned toward Tenchi and began to tell him, "Tenchi, that
is
all I ever needed to hear from you. I love you so much. I do." Tenchi leaned
closer towards her face. "Ryoko," he whispered. She cupped his chin in her
hand and brought his lips to hers. Tenchi felt Ryoko's tongue inside his
mouth. He leaned in closer. She kissed him even more fiercely, and when he
was emboldened enough, brought his tongue into her mouth as well.
    They kissed for what seemed like an eternity. She looked at his eyes,
and
he had a warm look. She sat up and said to Tenchi, "Well, Tenchi, I have
always wanted to do that with you. All that and more." He looked down and
scratched the back of his neck nervously. "And more?" he questioned.
    "And more, Tenchi," she replied in a sultry voice. With that, she
reached
back and unbuttoned her nightgown. It dropped on the floor with a light
thud.
Tenchi's eyes opened wider and he wiped the bit of blood from his nose away.
"Tenchi," she said. "Look at me."
    Tenchi gazed at her body's curves, and he stared at her lovely, thin
silhouette splashed in moonlight. She walked towards him and began to take
off her panties. "Tenchi, you love me, and I love you. Let's express
that...or something like that." She giggled at her awkward comment, and
Tenchi laughed lightly.
    She advanced toward Tenchi's bed, and kicked off her panties. "Tenchi,"
she whispered. He looked up at her nervously and asked, "Uh, y-yeah, Ryoko?"
She sat down on the bed and told him, "Well, you don't have to be so
nervous.
It's just us, not Ayeka, not Washu...just us."
    Tenchi began to feel the erection in his boxers growing steadily. Ryoko
knew it was there, because when she reached down under the covers to take
the
boxers off, she felt the hard flesh. She leaned towards his ear and
whispered, "Tenchi, I love you." He felt her warm breath wash over his face.
He looked at her face, and she smiled.
    Tenchi curled up a bit, and tried to hide the erection. Ryoko leaned
down
and pulled off the covers and discarded them on the floor. He could see her
hands down in his boxers. He wiped away yet more blood emitting from his
nose. She pulled his boxers off and pushed him back and got him to lay down.
    Ryoko looked at him with love, not lust. She curled her fingers around
the base of his shaft. Her lips hovered around the tip of his penis, and she
then planted a few kisses on it. Tenchi moaned with pleasure. "Oh god
Ryoko...yes..." She looked up at him and smiled. She then slid his whole
manhood into her mouth. He gasped a little, and moaned more.
    She brought it out and in repeatedly, and ran her tongue along it. She
kissed it all over, and licked the tip. Then, she slid it in again and let
it
bump the back of her throat. She brought it out again, and planted a few
more
kisses on the head. She resumed sliding it in and out, and sucked on it
softly. She could feel his body tense.
    Tenchi arched his back and shouted, "Ryokoooooo!" She kept her lips
around his cock, and then swallowed all of his seed. She moved up and lay
beside him. He turned towards her, and lay his head on her chest. She combed
her fingers through his hair, matted with sweat. He looked up at her and
said, "Ryoko, er...thanks, I guess."
    Ryoko looked down at Tenchi's face. She kissed him and reached for his
hand. She brought it up to her breasts, so he could touch and fondle them.
He
brought his hand up nervously and began to caress her breasts. She moaned
when he lightly touched her erect nipples.
    He heard her moan, so he began to rub her nipples. He grasped his hand
around her breast, and felt the erect nipple poking into his palm. Tenchi
bent his head down and traced a circle around her nipple with his tongue.
She
moaned with delight. He then continued to caress the nipple, and he felt
Ryoko shudder. He did the same with the other nipple, being careful not to
neglect either one.
    Tenchi looked at Ryoko, and she looked back at him. Her face was warm
and
gentle, and she smiled. She then looked out the window and saw the moon
above
the lake, and how it shined along with the stars. The space pirate tapped
Tenchi's shoulder. "Yeah?" he asked.
    "Well, we can continue this tomorrow Tenchi. I'm tired," Ryoko stated.
"Good night for now."
     "Sure, Ryoko...Well, good night then," he replied. "I'm tired, too." He
moved off her bosom, and she sat up on his bed and stretched out. She got
out
of the bed, and picked up her panties and nightgown. She put them back on,
then leaned over to Tenchi's face.
    "Good night, Tenchi."
"G' night, Ryoko."
    Ryoko looked back at Tenchi as she walked out of his room. He smiled at
her and said, "I love you, Ryoko." She smiled warmly and replied with, "I
love you too, Tenchi."
    She phased through the door of his room and out into the hall. She
walked
to her room with a happy thought in her head. Tenchi loved her. She loved
him
after all, too.
    With no trouble or bitching from Ayeka, Ryoko phased back into her room
and lay on her futon. She would get to see Tenchi again tomorrow afternoon
personally. Just Tenchi and her. The pirate smiled to herself, and went to
sleep, eager for the sun to rise.

______________________________________________________________________

*Author's Notes: I hope you all liked that. I enjoyed writing it and I hope
you delighted in reading it. I will except all compliments, (I like those)
comments, questions, and anything and everything you need to say to me. You
can e-mail them all to: Stlunatiq@aol.com       I am a *very* proud member
of
the JPLWA (James Padilla Lemon Writers Association).  Well, if you think I
should continue this series, tell me so. Ja  ne!*

______________________________________________________________________