I-don't-want-to-get-sued-Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer.

ATTENTION: This is a Lemon!
This means that the story contains sexually explicit scenes and is not suitable
for you readers. Unless you are of legal age to view such material (18 in most
cases), leave now.

Notes:
This story takes place in the OAV storyline.
Email the author at: ecchihalf@yahoo.com

				     -------
				====[ BEGIN ]====
				     -------

				   Ecchi  Half
				   
				    presents:
				    
				     	-
				    
			       A Sample to Remember

					-

The smooth green carpet of grass seemed to stretch into infinity where it would
merge with the soft bright blue sky. The only thing to break the illusion of a
peaceful landscape untouched by civilization, was some seemingly random barely
audible 'blibs'. That and the short red-haired genius sitting on a floating
cushion, typing away at a semi-transparent keyboard.
After a while in deep concentration, Washu raised her eyes from the read-outs on
her screen and cried out in triumph:

"Yatta! I really am the Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe."

The self-proclaimed genius glanced down at her work again, with no small
satisfaction. It was a small masu information unit. The idea of transferring
information and innate abilities to Ryo-Ohki or Ryoko with masu had entered her
mind when Ryo-Ohki had assimilated a rogue unit and subsequently gained a
hummanoid form. By now she had reseached the matter further, and devised a
system for 'programming' masu with 'upgrades' to an existing masu based
sentient.

The masu currently diplayed on the screen in all 27½ dimensions contained an
improvement to a masu based sentient very dear to Washu; her daughter. Even if
said daughter had a hard time admitting to that title from time to time. The
improvement in question was something Washu knew Ryoko would welcome. It was a
step closer to humanity for her; a step closer to Tenchi.
It was in all artistic simplicity and quite literally 'a sense of taste'.

>From their link, Washu was well aware that the differences between Ryoko and the
rest of the household bothered her daughter. Ryoko would try to hide the
differences, eating and sleeping even though her body never needed to do so.
With her latest invention, Ryoko would at least be able to taste food. She could
finally compliment Sasami on her wonderful meals in good concience. Not to
mention all the other every-day occurences where it would make Ryoko feel a
little more human. Washuu actually laughed a bit at the thought of Ryoko
suddenly tasting some of all the sake she used to drink.

The masu unit had been easy enough to create. Washu already had made fully
functional masu taste buds before. A successful set had always been a part of
Ryo-Ohki. Successful apart from a little bug mapping the taste of certain
Earth-based vegetables directly to Ryo-Ohki's pleasure centers (Washu never
actually figured out how Mihoshi was able to meddle with her inventions even
before they met). In the new modified version for Ryoko, Washu had removed the
bug. She actually laughed out loud at the mental image of Ryoko going through a
months carrot harvest with Ryo-Ohki.

Collecting herself she let her eyes continue in the data collected on the
screen. She smiled at the thought of the other modification. As a scientist she
could not resist adding a small analytical part to the improvement. Ryoko's new
sense of taste would be delicate enough to isolate every chemical component and
gather data the keenest minds in the Galaxy could not hope to obtain with their
own equipment. All on a subconcious level of couse; it wouldn't do for Ryoko to
contemplate the molecular structure of everything she ate. That certainly
wouldn't make her feel more human.

Reaching the end of the data-block, Washu concluded what she already knew: it
was perfect! It would make a nice present for Ryoko's impending rebirthday.

Rebirthday was actually a phrase Sasami came up with. After celebrating Tenchi's
birthday, Sasami had asked Ryoko when her birthday was. This had of course
brought up some rather discomforting memories for Ryoko. In the end she had
answered that she didn't remember. Sasami had proceeded with the idea of giving
her another birthday, in order to cheer her up. The other birthday beeing a more
happy recent event; the day Tenchi finally gave her freedom. The day she was
practically 'reborn'.
Since then the household would celebrate Ryoko's (and Ryo-Ohki's) re-birthday as
any other birthday.

Washu typed the order to have a 'blank' masu imprented with the finished
taste-module. She allowed herself a moment of mentally patting her back and
congratulating herself:

"Nothing is impossible for the Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe."

Well, almost nothing. Despite her every attempt, one critical sample had eluded
her for more than a year now. If she continued to fail she would probably have
to build something to convince herself how grat she was. Maybe some chibi-Washu
dolls to announce my talent from my shoulders? She discarded the thought, idly
wondering where it came from.
Back to the problem at hand, she continued with a scientific analysis of the
problem.

After sitting in deep thought for awhile, a new idea popped up. A playful grin
spread on her lips. "Just you wait Tenchi, I'll get that sample yet..."

--- * ---

A couple of days passed with Washu rarely seen outside her lab. When she did
come out, it was to eat or take readings with strange devices. All the time she
would have a knowing grin on her face, and refuse to hint at what she was doing.
Tenchi was pretty sure that it had to do with Ryoko's rebirthday, but still he
couldn't help feeling nervous when Washu was around. He swore she even took a
few unnecessary readings of him just to unnerve him. Whatever the reason was,
there was no stopping Washu, and Tenchi instead made a point of going to the
fields more often.

For the others in the household, life was not much out of the usual. Besides
preparing for the party, that is. Since Ryoko's rebirthday had previously been
celebrated as the anniversary of the day it all began, it was tradition to have
a sizable party comparable to the Christmas parties held every year. And this
year promised to be no different. Sasami had been busy in the kitchen for days
prior to the event, cooking up a storm. Mihoshi had (under careful but subtle
supervision) produced decorations for the party. Noboyuki had been fetching
supplies in the familiy van, and Ayeka had helped wherever needed. Tenchi had
even managed to secure a sizable carrot supply from the fields in the spare time
his studies left him.
Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki had even been helping out, ensuring a substantial supply of
Sake and taste-testing the sizable carrot supply (respectively).

It seemed that the day would turn out quite allright. Even to Ryoko who had her
share of doubts about the whole thing. It was quite a bit of attention, and she
couldn't help a small nagging feeling that they did it out of pity for her,
because of her past. But even then, it would still be a party as it had been the
years before, only with some people congratulating her and maybe giving her
presents. She smiled a bit at the thought of what she wished of Tenchi. When she
had whispered it to him, he had turned this nice shade of red.

--- * ---

The pale full moon gave the landscape an eerie dull illumination, making it's
reflections in the calm lake waters. Ryoko sat by the lake side, idly pondering
the events of the day. She had been right in her prediction. She had been given
a few presents, but once the party was under way, it was not much different from
the previous year. At least not to the others.
Washu's gift had been quite a surprise. And a welcome one at that. Ryoko had
wanted to fit in with her new family for as long as she had them, but her unique
physiology had made that hard at times. She was now a bit more human. A bit more
like the others.

She had been overwhelmed by this new world of taste. It was like she had missed
an entire dimension for all of her life. For the first time ever she was able to
taste Sasami's famous food and give a sincere compliment. She had also tasted
sake for the first time. It had been quite a surprise to her, and quite a laugh
to the others. Perhaps that was why she was sitting by the lake now, only
slightly tipsy.

Looking wistfully out over the lake, Ryoko registered a person taking the place
next to her. Her sharpened senses told her it was Tenchi. His voice confirmed
that a moment later.

"How was your day?"

"Fine I guess."

"Guess?"

"Well..it is just so..."

"Overwhelming?"

"Yes...I never imagined what tasting would be like."

Tenchi chuckled a bit at that.

"Hey! How was I to know that sake would be so..."

"Sorry. I know what you mean. I still remember the first time dad had me try
it."

...

"Actually I think Washu put something in my glass."

"Why?"

"It just tasted...differently..and I have this feeling..."

"Are you drunk? Think she spiked your drink?"

"No not that. Well, maybe I had a little. No it is a different feeling..."

They both sat in silence for a while. Ryoko realized that they had joined hands
at some time.
Again it was Tenchi who finally broke the silence.

"Sometimes I wonder what it is like for you. To have lived for millenia. To fly,
teleport and walk through walls. To be connected mind to mind with another..."

Ryoko sighed and tilted her head to the right, resting it on Tenchi's shoulder.

"Sometimes I wonder what it is like to be human. To be normal without powers.
Living in ignorance of the rest of the universe..."

"I used to wonder about that too, you know. Ever since I discovered who I am, I
have been thinking about who I was. Who I was back when I was still normal..."

"I think I like it better this way. I wouldn't want to change it if I could."

"I know I like you better this way."

At that statement Ryoko lifted her head, looking into the eyes of Tenchi. Tenchi
wondered a bit why he had suddenly said that. He felt it was the truth, but he
had never voiced the thought before. He looked back into Ryoko's eyes, loosing
himself in the golden orbs. As they looked deep into each others eyes, they
seemed to wordlessly communicate, opening up for feelings and emotions. Slowly
their heads moved closer, until their lips met and time seemed to freeze.

--- * ---

Neither Tenchi nor Ryoko knew how much time had passed. Ryoko seemed consent
with kissing and cuddling. Tenchi had half expected her to jump directly to sex
after he told her that he loved her. In fact some base part of him was
dissapointed that she hadn't, but Tenchi quickly silenced that part. Even so, he
found himself asking if she wanted to go someplace more comfortable. It was
really an innocent question; the cold, hard ground was uncomfortable to sit on
for extended periods of time. However even as he said it, he noticed the
not-so-subtle hint he had made. Apparently so did Ryoko. Her expression of happy
surprise quickly melded into a more mischievous look as she purred "Sure".

Maybe because he anticipated it, the sudden change of surroundings didn't
startle him. He hadn't really meant to imply that they should move to his
bedroom. Not that he minded the change. He leaned into Ryoko's kiss and wrapped
his arms around her.

Ryoko had given up sorting out why this was finally happening. She was pretty
sure it was not a dream, but she still had a hard time believing that her dreams
were comming true. She almost literally melted when Tenchi brought his arms
around her and deepened the kiss. Not one to be bested, she responded in kind by
adding tongue to the kiss.

They went on like that for a few minutes before Tenchi pulled back to regain his
breath. Staring into his eyes, she started to pull his shirt up. Pulling it over
his head, her arms was raised high when he brought his own hands into play,
slowly pulling her red tank-top up. She shivered slightly by the feel of the
fabric sliding over her bare breasts and nipples.

As Tenchi got her top off, Ryoko's nipples were showing her ample excitement.
Slowly almost hesitating, Tenchi reached out and cupped a breast in each hand,
sending even more shivers of pleasure through Ryoko's spine. Repaying the
favour, Ryoko's gentle fingers danced around Tenchis bare waist and the top of
his pants, adding to his growing erection. With grace, her fingers undid the
binding of his pats, and they slipped to the ground around his feet, exposing
his tent-shaped boxers. Tracing a finger along the elastic top of the boxer
shorts, Ryoko slowly edged them down, eventually releasing Tenchi's manhood.

As the boxers joined his pants around his ankles, Tenchi absently kicked both
articles of clothing away, his mind concentrating on Ryoko. She had lowered
herself to her knees, bringing Tenchi's erect pillar in height with her eyes.
She stared at it captivated, playing idly with it using her right hand. Tenchi
could only watch stunned as Ryoko gazed at his cock with an entranced look in
her feline eyes. Slowly her head moved forwards, until the point where her lips
brushed his head. With a moan from Tenchi, Ryoko slipped his cock into her
mouth.

Ryoko cast her gaze upwards, to where Tenchi had his eyes closed in intense
pleasure. She could feel the heat and throbbing of his member in her mouth. She
concentrated on the feeling, as her tounge explored him, absently registering
the taste associated with the piece filling her mouth.

Tenchi was in heaven. Sure he had masturbated before, but nothing had felt like
this. The heat from Ryoko's mouth engulfing his dick, coating it with her
salvia. It was indescribable. He opened his eyes as she slowly drew back,
removing him from the hot moist cave of her mouth. As his head slipped outside
he noticed the bridge of salvia forming between his head and her lips.

Sticking out her tongue, Ryoko licked his wettened tip before pulling the
pulsating piece back in her mouth, delighted by the increasing moans from
Tenchi. Again she let her tongue explore the texture of his cock while deeply
engulfed in her mouth, brining more moans and gasps from him. Bringing her hand
into play, she gently massaged his balls while keeping up her sucking/licking
job. From the member in her mouth, she could feel his pulse quicken, and the
gasps quicken. She heard his half spoken warning, but ignored it. She wanted him
to come now, and it would in no way mean their fun was over.

Tenchi found himself becomming lost in the sensations overwhelming him from his
groin region. While not experienced, Ryoko's actions were *very* pleasurable,
and he felt a pressure starting to build. Through the haze of pleasure he was
able to mumble a word of warning, but it only seemed to increase Ryoko's fervor.
Her hand now messaging his balls, it was not long time before he was driven over
the edge. With a last moan he threw his head back and blew his load in her
mouth.

Ryoko felt Tenchi's muscles tightening, and something hot and fluid was expelled
on her tongue. Again and agin his muscles contracted, splaying more of the
sticky fluid over the inside of her mouth. With her added sense of taste, she
picked up the salty flavour of the hot cream flowing in her mouth. Unbeknownst
to Ryoko, the analytical component of her taste-buds was actively analyzing the
structure and composition of the semen filling her mouth, sending all relevant
data to Washu through their link. Oblivious to this Ryoko simply savoured the
salty taste of the sticky white seed coating her tongue, as Tenchi's orgasm
ebbed out. Looking upwards she noticed Tenchi staring at her with a grateful and
satisfied expression. Still having his softened cock in her mouth, she swallowed
his sperm with an audible gulp. Sensing the still hot salty glob slide down her
throat. she let out a contended sigh and contiued to clean him with her tongue.

--- * ---

In the depth of her lab, in one of the peaceful grasslands, the tranquility was
interrupted by a diminutive figure doing a victory dance around her floating
cushion. On holoscreens floating in a semicircle in front of her, the data from
Tenchi's final sample was beeing processed by five planets worth of advanced
hardware. The data subconciously collected by Ryoko slowly combined with Washu's
own database, filling in gaps in the Great Puzzle.

Washu shivered slightly from the overwhelming feelings of happyness,
satisfaction and contentment flowing in from her link with Ryoko. She smiled.

"Looks like we both got what we wanted, ne Ryoko-chan? Talk about killing two
Zthargs with one Pulse-cannon."

Of course Washu could never mention this to her daughter. After this, Ryoko and
Tenchi should happily have forgotten that she 'spiced' Tenchi's drink a bit.
Actually the addition to his drink would only act to lower his inhibitions, much
the same way that alcohol does. It did not contain anything that would make them
do something against their will. It merely speeded up the process a little.

Oh and there was another little addition. Something not entirely unlike the
Earth-native product 'Viagra'.

"Yes", Washuu thought, "Tenchi should be quite capable of showing Ryoko a good
time tonight."
With a smirk she added: "Several good times in fact. Urd couldn't have made a
better potion herself."

--- * ---

And Tenchi *did* show Ryoko a good time. Several actually; Missionary, Spoon,
Doggy-style and a great deal of improvisation.
It was several hours and a change of sheets later that a slightly sweaty Tenchi
and slightly sticky Ryoko fell asleep in each others embrace.

				     -----
				====[ END ]====
				     -----

So this is it. It all started as an idea for a slightly Limey spamfic about how
Washu could obtain the famed sample indirectly. Somehow it ended as a full-blown
(pun intended) Lemon, wich is perhaps a bit too cheesy some places, and a bit
too explicit other places. That all stems from me being more of a hentai than a
skilled writer (^_^)
In any event I would still like your comments and suggestions.
Email: ecchihalf@yahoo.com

Hope you liked it.

Ecchi Half