Disclaimer:Tenchi Muyo and co are not mine,
they are owned by Pioneer and AIC.  But, I 
use them!  And I can, too!  As long as I 
got this disclaimer!!  Hah!  You can't 
touch me!

		Aeka's Day
		by Argus Cromwell
		a.k.a.Dade Gifford

	"Aaaah...." Tenchi awoke, and as 
always, Ryoko was there and he had to yell
and scream and get her out of his room.  
She looked hurt, but Tenchi told himself
that he could survive her pain.
	So Ryoko left, and Tenchi's long
day began.  Of course, Ryoko had to peek
in while Tenchi was using the bathroom to
make sure everything was working properly.
He bade her farewell with a mean look and
a few loud screams of something along the
lines of violation of privacy.	
	Then, he went downstairs and ate
like a king, courtesy of Sasami Jurai.  
Tenchi thanked her, and was about to leave,
when SHE walked in.  Aeka came in slowly,
and, for some reason, she looked even more
beautiful than normal this morning.  Maybe
it was because she hadn't put on any makeup
yet.  But for some reason, Tenchi found this
more unkempt version of her incredibly 
striking.
	"Ohayo, Aeka," he said, trying to 
keep the mystified tone out of his voice.
	"Oh!  Lord Tenchi!  Please, don't
look at me!  I haven't yet freshened up!"
	"......."  Tenchi wasn't quite sure
what to say.  He didn't want to be quite 
that overt about his feelings yet, but she
was amazing when she wasn't...'freshened
up,' as she had put it.  Tenchi finalized.
He had to talk with jiichan about it.
	Tenchi excused himself from the 
table, and went to the shrine to talk to
the wise and all-knowing Katsuhito.  When
he arrived, Tenchi knocked at the thin 
door.  "Come," came Katsuhito's reply from
within.  So Tenchi opened the door.
	"AYYYAAAAAAA!!!" Katsuhito yelled
at the top of his lungs as he leapt towards
Tenchi and did a lateral slash with a bokken.
	"WAAUUGH!" Tenchi leapt back, crying
out in a startled fashion.  The bokken just
barely missed him.  Tenchi felt the wind off
of it as it whooshed by.
	"Geez, grandpa!  What's that all 
about?!" said an annoyed Tenchi.
	"Tenchi...  You must be prepared at
all times!  If I were an enemy, you would 
be dead where you stand!"
	"Well, I don't usually expect to be
attacked by family," muttered Tenchi.
	"So, what was it you wanted to speak
with me about?"
	"Oh, yeah...  Recently, I've begun
to feel differently about... Aeka.  I want
advice on what I should do."
	"Hmm, so now I've gone from plain 
old jiichan, to family therapist?
	"Grandpa..."
	"Er-hem.  Well, in my day, we would
try and woo her, Tenchi."
	"Yeah, but how?  I don't exactly 
know what a Juraian princess considers 
wooing."
	"Well, you could probably take her
to someplace that you and her could be alone,
then."
	"Like where?"
	"Well, if I may make a suggestion,
how about the inn that you and the rest went
to, just before Mihoshi arrived?"
	"Hmm...  That just may work...  But
then, how do I manage to get JUST Aeka to
come along?  Sasami and Ryoko would want to,
just to name a couple.  I'd practically have
to kidnap her to get that to come to pass."
	"Perhaps little Washu has something
that may help you and her get away for a 
while.  But, you must notify her of this
beforehand, or things may get tricky.  I
suggest you reveal your plans to her at 
night."
	"Thanks grandpa," said Tenchi, and
then he left.  Mere moments later, Tenchi
stood in Washu's lab.  "Hey, W-washu?" 
Tenchi was just a little nervous, because
Washu had tried to get that sample *again*
just last week!  
	Tenchi saw Washu, sitting on her
pillow, working.  "There you are, Washu!
Hey, I need your help."
	"......."
	"*sigh*...LITTLE Washu, can I have
your help?"
	"Oh, of course, Tenchi!"
	"Well, I need one of those portals,
because I need to get to the inn without
anyone hassling me.  Oh, and I need to take
Aeka with me..."
	"What?  Why Aeka?  Why not my 
daughter....or me..." upon saying this,
Washu went into her adult form.
	"Uh...W-Washu, please....this is
important..." Tenchi was slowly backing
away.
	"HA!  Just kidding.  I'll help."
Washu laughed.
	"Whew..."
	"Okay, here.  Just put this on
the wall and knock three times.  It'll
open a door, and when you close it, the
door will disappear on this side, and
the device will reappear in your hand."
She handed Tenchi a small disc about
the size of a quarter.  "Don't lose
it," she warned.
	Tenchi shook his head.  
"Arigatto, Washu-chan."  He bowed deeply.
	"No problem.  And I'll trust 
you not to be naughty with Aeka."
	"Washu!  I would never even 
THINK of doing...well...THAT..."
	"Hee hee!  Well, you can never
tell.."
	Tenchi ignored her.  "Okay,
Washu, I won't be naughty...whatever."
	Tenchi left, and went through
his day as normal, and when he went
into his room at night, he sat and
waited.  Tenchi had already made
arrangements with the innkeeper, and
told her he wouldn't be in till late,
so everything was set.
	After about an hour, when he
was sure that Sasami was asleep, he
went into their room.  Aeka was also
asleep, and he went over to her futon
to wake her up.
	Before he got there, he heard
her talking in her sleep.  "Oh, Tenchi...
Yes.."
	Tenchi blushed.
	Aeka mumbled something that he
couldn't hear.  Then she started 
talking again.  "Oh Tenchi...  harder..
deeper!  Unhh..."
	Tenchi's blush turned very, 
very deep, and a nosebleed started.
He stopped it, and decided he'd heard
enough.
	"Aeka.." he whispered, shaking
her lightly.
	She awoke with a start.  "Oh!"
she said, somewhat loudly.
		"Um, Aeka...There's
something I have to tell you..."
	She was still sleepy, but she
looked at him in a hopeful way.
	"Come to my room, for just,
um, just a minute..." 
	Aeka was almost breaking out
of her skin with giddiness.
	Once they were in Tenchi's
room, he told her of his plans.
	"Aeka, I was thinking...  Um,
well, I'll fill that in later, 'cause
we have to get going.  You never know
when Ryoko or one of the others may 
wake up.  I've set up some time for
us at the local inn."
	"Oh, Tenchi!  It will be so..
romantic!"
	Tenchi smiled.  "I hope so..
'cause that's what I'm intending.."
	Aeka smiled so brightly Tenchi
thought the light was on.
	He placed the device on the wall,
and knocked thrice.  A door like Washu's
popped up, and they walked through.  Aeka
and Tenchi appeared in their room.
	"Okay, now I can talk.  Aeka...
I was just thinking...  Lately, I can't
stop looking at you, thinking about you.
So, I had to know how you felt, and if 
these feelings of mine could be justified."
	"OH, TENCHI!  This makes me soooo
happy." Aeka fell onto Tenchi's chest.
Tenchi embraced her warmly.  Aeka looked
into his eyes, her own reflecting the 
moon through the window.  Her eyes 
sparkled in a magnificent way.  Tenchi's
face lowered, coming down to meet Aeka's.
Aeka raised her head, and they met in 
a kiss.  Tentative, at first, but when
they grew to trust their feelings, it
became more of a want.  No, a need.  They
needed each other, the feeling of one 
upon another.
	Aeka's cheeks turned rosy as the
kiss held for longer.  So did Tenchi's,
as he realized that this was what he was
meant for.  His feelings HAD been justified.
Aeka was the one he liked.  Loved?  Could
he really say that much?  Tenchi wasn't
sure, and didn't know if he wanted to 
touch that subject just yet.  
	He and Aeka laid down on one futon,
and they slept in each other's arms, not
wanting, or even daring to let go, even in
sleep.  The next morning, Tenchi awoke to
see Aeka, her eyes shut, her arms still
clasping him.  "Oh...oh Tenchi.." she 
mumbled again.  "Uh, Lady Aeka?" said
Tenchi, not wanting to listen to her...
interesting...ramblings, like the other
night.  Again, she awoke with a start.
"Oh!  Oh, Tenchi!" she met his lips
again.  It was a more fleeting kiss, but
nice nonetheless.  She blushed at her
own boldness.
	"W-well, um, Aeka, I was thinking..
maybe...weshouldtakeamorningbath?" Tenchi
didn't want her to get the idea that he
wanted to be in the same bath as her.  But,
she has very sharp hearing.  Aeka blushed.
"Tenchi... Let's both be in the same bath.."
she said, struggling to say it, for she was
much to embarrassed to get it all out.  
Tenchi blushed.  "Sure, Aeka," he said.
	They prepared separately, and they
both went into the bath.  Tenchi was clad
in a towel, wrapped around his midsection,
and was also clad in a very bright blushing
face.  Aeka was clad in her towel, as usual,
but wasn't blushing too severely.
	When they went into the water, Aeka
and Tenchi had at first kept their distance.
Gradually, however, Tenchi inched towards 
her, after he remembered why he'd dragged
her out there in the first place.  Eventually,
he found himself right next to Aeka.
	Tenchi tried one of the tactics his
dad had tried to force into his head.  Tenchi
yawned, raising his arms over his head, and
silently, quietly, put his left arm behind
her back, not touching her.  Then he did
touch her, and she sighed.  Aeka leaned into
Tenchi's grasp, allowing his arm to encircle
her.  But Tenchi saw he wasn't getting anywhere
quickly.  
	He cupped her chin in his right hand, 
and turned her head around to meet his.  They
kissed again, and then started to make out,
melting into each other's arms.  Aeka's arms
groped on Tenchi's back, and unknowingly, she
slid her hands down to his lower back, her
fingers touching his towel.
	Tenchi's arms, in their groping, 
accidentally began to slide Aeka's towel down,
ever so slowly...  Aeka didn't notice till it
was too late, and her breasts were exposed. 
The sensation of her nipples pushing into his
chest alerted him to what he'd done.  But Aeka
didn't really seem to mind.  Tenchi started
kissing down her neck.  Aeka tilted her head
back and sighed pleasureably.
	Aeka's hands, in the meantime, had
lowered all the way on to his towel, and had
begun inching it down, ever so slowly.  Once
she had lowered it off about three inches, 
she let go, and it fell off.  Tenchi flinched,
but sense took over and he didn't do anything.
Instead, he continued on his trek south with
his kisses, and got to the top of her breasts.
His lips tickled her nerves, and she moaned.
Tenchi saw that she liked what he was doing,
and made his way down to Aeka's nipple.
	Aeka couldn't really do too much for
Tenchi...  That is, until her hands found
his quickly hardening member.  She stroked
it lightly, and continued moaning as he kissed
his way down, and then to her nipple.  He 
began to lightly suckle, causing wave after
wave of sensations to ripple throughout her
nerves. 
	Tenchi sucked for all he was worth,
trying to put as much sensation into it, even
though he was totally inexperienced in the 
matter.  He wasn't sure what she liked the
most, so all he could do was trial and error,
and see what she liked.  He tried biting 
the nipple very lightly.  It turns out this
was something she liked.  Aeka's slender
fingers continued to stroke him lightly,
and he moaned.
	Tenchi lowered his right hand to
her thigh, and massaged gently.  Almost
unconsciously, they made their way to her
intimate areas.  Tenchi's fingers gently
touched her clitoris, and she crooned 
lightly.  Aeka let her towel slide the rest
of the way off.  Tenchi saw that she liked
that, most definately, and continued on
with it.  
	Aeka's hand wrapped around his 
member, and massaged it, succeeding in
ushering a moan from within him.  But her
attention was directed mostly to what he
was doing between her legs.  Tenchi 
stopped sucking on her nipple and kissed
her, this time, his lips parting and his
tongue entering her mouth.  She allowed
him to proceed, and she joined in, too.
Aeka was very skilled in this matter.
	Tenchi's fingers continued in
their exploring, and Aeka received much
pleasure at that.  She looked him in
the eyes, and she led his member in 
closer to her.  Aeka kissed him, and
then brought Tenchi's member directly
to her entrance.  Slowly, painfully slow,
Tenchi moved into her.  
	Aeka gasped as his manhood parted
her labia, and proceeded deeper into her.
It reached her hymen, and she pulled away
slightly.  Tenchi looked at her.  He didn't
trust his mouth to say anything useful right
now, so he just looked.  Aeka took in a deep
breath, and then pressed herself onto his
member.  She cried out as it tore her hymen,
and tears formed at the corners of her eyes.
Aeka continued to let herself down onto 
him, and moaned.  A warm feeling had filled
her as he proceeded, and then filled her
entirely.	
	Tenchi slowly started thrusting.
Aeka gasped lightly, holding on to Tenchi's
waist.  Tenchi moaned deeply as he thrust
into her.  "Oh, Tenchi...harder....deeper..."
said Aeka, not entirely aware of what she
was saying.  Tenchi complied, and began to
thrust harder.
	Tenchi continued to move in this
way, sensations wracking his body.  Aeka's
hands moved up to his shoulders.  She started
to moan louder, almost desperately.  Tenchi
started thrusting faster, the feelings
building up in him.  Aeka climaxed, her
back arching, crying out louder than before.
Aeka's nails dug into his shoulders, and
her skin flushed hot against his, and the
muscles of her sex clamped down onto his
member.  
	Tenchi's own climax was near, so
he went faster.  He could feel all of the
sensations building up inside, and then,
release.  Tenchi's seed shot up into 
Aeka, causing her to scream.  After they
wound down, Aeka leaned onto Tenchi's 
chest and sighed.  "Ohhh...Tenchi...
Tenchi..I love you." 
	"I love you too, Aeka."
	Tenchi slid his member out of
Aeka, and he just sat there, his left
hand fondling Aeka's hair.  Aeka had a faraway
look in her eyes.  After what seemed like an
eternity, Aeka finally released him.  She 
looked into his eyes and blushed.  Then they
kissed deeply.  
	"Well.  Maybe we should clean up a 
little," said Tenchi.  To his surprise, Aeka
took the soap and a small washcloth, and 
began to wash Tenchi's arm.  Tenchi followed
suit, and took another bar of soap and a 
cloth, and started washing her shoulders.
Aeka had gotten to his chest, applying the
soap generously, washing him gently.
	Tenchi on the other hand, had just
gotten to Aeka's chest, and wasn't sure on
how to proceed.  He blushed as he looked at
her pert breasts.  Gingerly, he began to 
lightly wash them with the soapy rag.  
Aeka moaned, and a trickle of blood began to
leak out of Tenchi's nose.  Aeka continued
on down his abdomen, washing everything 
liberally with soap.  She washed his member,
which had grown firm again.
	Tenchi sighed.  He moved down to 
Aeka's sex, and gently began to wash.  Of
course, she had to moan, which worsened his
nosebleed.  But he continued on down her
legs, getting both front and back as he
went.  Aeka's perfect complexion looked 
like it hardly needed his attention.  But
still he continued.
	Tenchi finally finished doing both
sides of Aeka, and she finished him.  So
then Aeka and Tenchi left the bath and 
put on their clothes.  They retired to 
their room.  Tenchi sat down in a chair, 
and Aeka daintily sat in Tenchi's lap,
and Tenchi kissed her deeply.  They sat
there and made out for a while, their 
tongues intertwining.  
	Tenchi allowed Aeka to break
the kiss when she was ready to, which
took a lot longer than he thought. Tenchi
looked at the clock and saw that it was
1:00 in the afternoon!  They had entered
the bath at 8:00.  But Tenchi had no 
problem with the wasted hours.  They
weren't wasted at all, or so he thought.
Tenchi looked into Aeka's beautiful
eyes.  
	"Aeka, I love you.  I want always
to be with you."
	Aeka smiled, tears forming at the
corners of her eyes.  "I love you, Tenchi, 
and I will always be with you.  I will 
never let you go."
	Aeka and Tenchi settled into the
futon for a nap.  Aeka put her arms around
Tenchi and they kissed.  When they fell
asleep, their lips were still together,
their arms embracing.  Once, Tenchi opened
his eyes and saw the beautiful princess
sleeping in his arms.  He sighed and lay
his head back down to sleep.  In his
dreams, he smiled brightly.
==========================================
So, what did you think of that one? I like
all Aeka stories, even my own.  As usual,
reply and tell me what you think!
e-mail:cubone41@yahoo.com
URL:www.geocities.com/cubone41 