Aerials
By Around the Fur

    Here I go again.  I'm trying to write a dramatic series with some lemon
elements.  This first part won't have much lemon scenes,if any at all,but I
promise the next part will.  All the characters belong to Pioneer.

The Masaki household...

    It was mid-morning on a bright summer day.  The birds were chirping and
the bees were humming.  Inside the Masaki household,Sasami was just cleaning
off the table,and Ayeka had just sat
down on the couch in the den to watch some t.v.

Hours later...

    Ryoko woke up and looked around her room.
    *Man,what did I do last night?  I can't remember a thing...* Ryoko
thought,*All I remember is me thinking about Tenchi,and a lot of sake...*
Ryoko "oh"ed in realization that she had probably just gotten drunk and had
some fun with Tenchi.  With that,she phased into the den,and headed for the
kitchen for a late breakfast.  Ayeka got up and headed for her room,passing
Ryoko as she did.
    "Morning princess." Ryoko said as she passed by Ayeka.  The princess
didn't reply,resulting Ryoko to "hmph" and move on to the kitchen.  After
some re-heated miso and ramen,Ryoko was just getting settled on the couch
when Washuu called a meeting for everyone.

Washuu's lab...

    Ayeka slowly took in all that Washuu was explaining about her new
invention.
    "And without further ado,I give you..." Washuu paused dramatically for
effect before pulling the curtain,"the Interstellar Thermospherical
Super-cooling Atmospheric Alterer!"
    "Huh?" everyone said in unison.
    "An air conditioner." Washuu said.
    "Aaaaaaahhhhhhh." everyone replied in unison.
    "Uh,Washuu?" Tenchi spoke up.
    "Yes,Tenchi?" Washuu said,turning around from her invention.
    "What makes this air conditioner different from the one we have now?"
Tenchi inquired.
    "Well,you see,this one can fit in places other clunky air conditioners
can't.  Plus,it runs on air." Washuu stated rather smugly.

Back in the den...

    After Washuu had installed the new air conditioner,everyone went back to
what they were doing before.  Tenchi went back to working in the carrot
fields,Ryoko went back to napping on her support beam on the ceiling,grampa
went back to meditating in the shrine,Sasami went back to preparing
lunch,and
Ayeka went back to getting ready for today.  Noboyuki had been absent during
the whole thing,so he went back to...nevermind.

Later that day,in the onsen...

    Ayeka had just settled in for a nice mid-afternoon bath.  She took in
the
nice hot water as her mind melted into thoughts of Tenchi.  At that
moment,Ryoko phased into the water,naked,as usual.
    "Hey Ayeka." Ryoko said,greeting the princess.  Again not getting a
reply,Ryoko grew irritated.
    "What's the matter?  You've been ignoring me all week." Ryoko said.
    "What do you mean?" Ayeka asked innocently enough.
    "I've been trying to be nice to you all week,and you just turn the other
way.  I wanna know what's up." Ryoko said,scooting over closer to the
princess.
    "I was wondering about that.  Why have you been nice to me anyway?"
Ayeka
asked.
    "Well,it all started last week when Washuu was giving me my annual
check-up..."

One week ago,in Washuu's lab...

    "Alright Ryoko,that'll be all right now." Washuu said,checking something
of on a clipboard.
    "What do you write on that anyway?" Ryoko asked,phasing into her clothes
in the process.
    "Oh,statistics,mood,feelings towards others,etc.," Washuu said,plopping
down on her floating pillow,"Which reminds me.  You have been extra mean to
Ayeka this week." Washuu reported.
    "Why whatever do you mean?" Ryoko asked sarcastically.
    "Well,for one,you poisoned her miso on Monday,stole her clothes so she
had to run to her room naked on Tuesday,and today you replaced her
toothpaste
with ointment!" Washuu went off in a tirade at Ryoko.
    "Alright,alright.  I'll try to be nicer to her." Ryoko said,backing out
of the lab.

Back in the onsen...

    "So that was you who stole my clothes?!" Ayeka yelled.
    "I'm sorry!" Ryoko said loudly.
    "Hmph,well,since you're trying to be nicer to me,I guess I can accept
your apology." Ayeka said promptly,taking a sip of her sake.
    "That's the spirit,Ayeka.  I just wanna be your friend." Ryoko said as
she started rubbing Ayeka's back.
    "What on earth are you doing Ryoko?!" Ayeka said,ready to jump away.
    "This is my way of saying 'I'm sorry' for everything else." Ryoko said
happily.
    "That's okay Ryoko I...AH!" Ayeka screeched for a second as Ryoko worked
her magic on Ayeka's sore back.
    "It's okay,I'm an expert at this." Ryoko said calmly.
    "How?  If you don't mind me asking." Ayeka pried while recieving a well
needed back rub.
    "Well,when I was on the run,I needed some extra cash,so I dropped by
this
planet for about a year.  The only place I could find that was...uh,not
morally decayed,was this little mom and pop massage place.  They hired me
immediately with quite a large salary.  I only worked for a year,but after
that,I had all the money I needed." Ryoko finished up her story,unaware that
Ayeka had fallen asleep.
    "Hmph,you go through all the trouble to get things set straight,and
looks
what happens.  Ah oh well.  Lets get you to your room Ayeka." Ryoko said
somewhat to herself as she picked up Ayeka,promotting a grunt of effort from
Ryoko as she phased into Aykea's room.  After some difficult phasing,and
Ayeka was asleep in her futon in a pair of pajamas.  Ryoko gave a satisfied
"hmph" and walked out of the room.

Washuu's lab...

    Washuu reached into a sub-space portal and pulled out a handful of
chips,devouring them all at once.  She wiped her hand on a napkin,which was
pulled form a secret pocket somewhere on Washuu's outfit,and pressed a
button
on her holo-top.  A security camera plaed back all of what Ryoko
said,leading
up to her leaving Ayeka's room.  Washuu smiled and thanked her
mosquito-sized
hidden security camera.
    "Very good,Little Ryoko." Washu said as she went back to work on her
newest invention.

    Well,that's it for now.  The second part will finally feature a Tenchi
scene,so stay tuned!  The next part will also mark my first lemon scene
involving a guy,hoorah!
