Aerials
Part 2
By Around the fur

    I think this'll become my best series ever.  May include some lemon
scenes,so turn around if you're under 18.  All the characters belong to
Pioneer,by the way.

The Masaki Household...

    The house that Noboyuki had designed and built,in which he now
lived,seemed eerily quiet.  Not even Ryo-ohki mewed cutely for a carrot.
Ryoko and Ayeka were in the space pirate's room,passed out on the bed.
Tenchi had gone to the carrot fields,and Noboyuki had gone to work.  Grampa
was meditating at the shrine,and Sasami was busy cooking quietly.  Then
Ryoko
woke up,a little startled at first,but then she realized she was still in
her
own bed.  She gently lifted Ayeka off of her chest,and floated out.  She
then
phased into the kitchen,intent on getting something to eat.
    "Morning Sasami." Ryoko said sleepily.
    "Morning?  It's 2:30 in the afternoon,Ryoko." Sasami said before going
back to preparing for a late lunch.
    "Afternoon,eh?  What's for lunch then?" Ryoko asked hungrily.
    "Well,I'm making a special.  Rabbit risoto and chicken skewers with some
sautayed carrots on the side." Sasami replied happily.
    "Sounds delicious." Ryoko said,still trying to wake up.
    "Um,Ryoko?" Sasami meekly spoke up.
    "Yes Sasami?" Ryoko replied.
    "What were you and Ayeka doing in your room last night?" Sasami asked
innocently.  Ryoko's eyes must've bulged to the size of dinner plates when
she heard this,and tried to think of a good excuse.
    "Well,you see,um,Sasami,Ayeka had a,uh,bad dream.  Yeah,that's it.
Yeah,she had a bad dream and she ran into my room." Ryoko quickly covered
up.
    "Well that sure was nice of you." Sasami said,going back to cooking.

Hours later,after lunch...

    Ryoko and Ayeka were on their merry way to meet Tenchi in the carrot
fields.  They had been planning to ask Tenchi a question for weeks,but until
then,they couldn't find a perfect place to ask him.  Tenchi stood his hoe
up,leaning on it.  He wiped a hand across his forehead,wiping sweat from his
brow.  He saw Ryoko and Ayeka come into view over the horizon,and blew a
heavy sigh.  He knew what was going to happen.  At least he thought he did.
    "Hi Tenchi!" both girls said in unison.
    "Hi Ryoko,hi Ayeka." Tenchi said flatly.
    "Um,Tenchi?  We've been meaning to ask you something for quite a while."
Ayeka said shyly.
    "Oh,well,ask away." Tenchi said.
    "Well..." Ryoko and Ayeka whispered in Tenchi's ear.  His face grew
redder than the setting sun.
    "Uh,well,uhm,uh..." Tenchi stuttered.
    "C'mon,Tenchi.  It'll be fun..." Ryoko whispered seductively.  Tenchi
stuttered some more before finally uttering a "sure" slightly above a
whisper,hanging his head in defeat.
    "Yay!" both Ryoko and Ayeka cheered as they jumped into the air.

Later that night...

    Tenchi swore himself for agreeing to do whatever it was Ryoko and Ayeka
were going to do to him.  After he had gotten home from the fields,Ryoko and
Ayeka made him take a bath,so he wouldn't be stinky,then they ran off to
Ryoko's room,coaxing Tenchi to follow.  Tenchi stepped into the room.  It
was
dark,save for patches of moonlight than occasionally lit the room,casting a
long shadow than seemed to be coming from the bed in the middle of the room.
Tenchi flipped the light switch,and instantly,blood gushed from his nose.
Lay before him on the bed were Ryoko and Ayeka,both wearing a very reveling
lingerie set.  Ryoko was wearing black leather,while Ayeka wore white lace.
Both outfits barely covered anything,allowing Tenchi an almost full access
view of both girls' breasts.  Tenchi would've passed out from lack of oxygen
to his brain,but Ryoko put a stop to this by turning him upside down and
letting the blood drain back into his body.  This amused Ayeka a
little,seeing as Ryoko was holding Tenchi up by his feet about two or three
feet in the air.  Ryoko smiled innocently and dropped Tenchi.
    "Alright Tenchi,lets have a little fun now." Ayeka said as she cuddled
up
next to him on the bed.
    *Hey,this isn't too bad* Tenchi thought.  Then Ryoko reached under the
bed,searching for something.  Tenchi thought it was some sort of leather
whip,knowing Ryoko.  Instead,Ryoko pulled out some ropes,phasing into
Ayeka's
way and fastened his arms and legs to the bed posts,forming an "X"
formation.
    "Now it's time to have some fun." Ryoko said,rubbing a hand down
Tenchi's
work shirt,undoing the buttons as she did.  Ayeka removed his shirt,starting
on his pants next.  Despite the situation,Tenchi managed to keep his member
soft,much to the dismay of Ryoko and Ayeka.
    "Well then,let's see what we can do about this." Ayeka said.  Ryoko
pulled off Tenchi's boxers,freeing his member from it's cloth prison.
    "Oh,it's so soft,what're we gonna do Ryoko?" Ayeka asked innocently.
Ryoko replied by moving up to Tenchi's crotch and licking his soft member.
Tenchi's little bugger immediately grew hard after a few seconds of
this,much
to the content of Ryoko and Ayeka.
    "It's bigger than I thought,Ryoko.  I don't think it's gonna fit." Ayeka
said teasingly.
    "Alright,enough teasing,it's time to get down to business.  Ayeka,you
take the top,I'll take the bottom,got it?" Ryoko commanded,promoting a nod
from Ayeka and a "NO!" from Tenchi.
    "But first..." Ayeka trailed off as she and Ryoko did a little strip
tease.  Tenchi groaned,praying that something,someone,would burst in and
prevent the unpreventable,even Sasami or Noboyuki would do.  Wishing in
vain,Tenchi sighed and looked up at the ceiling.  His view was blocked when
Ayeka sat on his face,the smell of her arousal filling Tenchi's nostrals.
Tenchi slowly and timidly stuck his tongue out to lick Ayeka.  Ayeka grew
impatient and grinded her crotch into his face.  Meanwhile,Ryoko was working
on Tenchi's crotch.  Tenchi could feel a warmth rising within him.  He knew
what was going to happen next,but Ryoko apparently wanted it to happen.
Tenchi tried to hold it back as long as he could,but he didn't last
long,spilling his seed into Ryoko's hungry mouth.  She swallowed every bit
of
it and sat up on the bed,waiting for Ayeka to finish.  After a rather large
orgasm,Ayeka pulled off Tenchi and sat beside Ryoko.
    "That's a good boy." Ryoko said as she patted Tenchi's head.  Tenchi
fell
exausted on Ryoko's bed,trying to fall asleep and forget about the whole
thing.
    "Oh no you don't..." Ayeka said as she gave Tenchi a loud slap to wake
him up.
    "Ouch!  That hurt." Tenchi muttered as he sat up.
    "We're not finished with you yet." Ryoko said as she kissed him on his
neck,"Now we're gonna play a game.  You like games,don't you?"  Ryoko grabed
his head and nodded it for him,adding "Yes Mistress Ryoko" in a deep voice
mimiking Tenchi's.
    "Good boy." she said as she undid the ropes binding poor Tenchi.  Ayeka
climbed ontop of Tenchi and started to rub his member again.
    "Ayeka here is gonna have some fun with you while you give me some
pleasure,got that?" Ryoko said gruffly as she nodded Tenchi's head for him
again.  No sooner had Ayeka finished hardning Tenchi had Ryoko shoved her
crotch into Tenchi's face.  Tenchi felt something wet go up and down his
shaft.  He craned his head behind Ryoko and saw Ayeka riding him.
    "Hey,get started already!" Ryoko commanded.  Tenchi focused on Ryoko
again and started to lick her crotch.  Ryoko moaned in pleasure and grabbed
Tenchi by the back of his head,shoving his head into her moist cunt.  Tenchi
licked,probed,and nibbled faster,as he was running out of air and that was
the only way he could think breathe again.  As Tenchi felt himself come into
Ayeka,Ryoko spiled her love juices all over Tenchi's face.  Tenchi pulled
away and gasped for breath.
    "You almost suffocated him,Ryoko!  The poor thing..." Ayeka cuddled in
with Tenchi as Ryoko crawled over to him,licking his face clean like a
mother
cat.
    "It's not my fault.  I just got into the moment..." Ryoko said.  Ayeka
shushed her and pointed at Tenchi,who was sound asleep,nuzzled in Ayeka's
chest.  Both girls "aw"ed and got a blanket.
    "Sweet dreams,Tenchi." Ryoko said seductively as she and Ayeka fell
asleep.

    Well,that's it for part two.  Tell me what ya think,and maybe send in
some suggestions.  I'm planning something big for the third part.  By the
way,loyal fans of mine have a big surprise coming soon...  And sorry about
that blank e-mail Gensao,I've been kinda out of it lately!