Aikan Muyo
Chapter 5 - No Need To Be Second

Story by Happosai (happosai@jps.net)
Pre-reading by Ryan Anderson
Web: http://ucsu.colorado.edu/~andersor/fanfic/fanfic.html

Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo and its characters are the property of AIC and
Pioneer. If any of their lawyers are reading this, please don't sue me.
Instead, pass my humble work on to the creative geniuses behind this my
favorite series, in the hope that they might actually like it.

     "Breakthru, these barriers of pain,
      Breakthru, to the sunshine from the rain,
      Make my feelings known towards you,
      Turn my heart inside and out for you now,
      Somehow, I have to make this final breakthru.

      Your smile,
      Speaks books to me.
      I break up,
      With each and every one of your looks at me.
      Honey you're starting something deep inside of me.
      Honey you're sparking something, this fire in me.
      I'm outta control, I wanna rush headlong into this ecstasy.
      If I could only reach you,
      If I could make you smile,
      If I could only reach you,
      That would really be a breakthru."
        -- "Breakthru", Queen

Once again, the crown princess of planet Jurai sat in the bath, silently
thinking.

And once again, the galaxy's most-wanted space pirate walked in, as if
summoned by the princess' thoughts.

Ryoko shut the door behind her and glared down at Aeka, who didn't seem
to notice her.

*Alright, you arrogant little bitch, this time, it's going to be
different.*

Ryoko flexed her fingers like claws, walking slowly towards the bath, her
eyes burning. After what she'd been through, she wasn't going to accept
anything less than Tenchi's arms around her of his own free will. She
wouldn't let Aeka prevent that.

Hopefully, for all three of their sakes, the princess would see reason.
Ryoko was well aware of her own fighting prowess. And she knew how to use
it, or threaten to use it, in terrifying ways. If Aeka's instinct for
self-preservation overcame her pride, she'd be frightened long enough to
allow Ryoko to properly seduce Tenchi.

If not, well, she couldn't interfere if she wasn't alive. Ryoko would
give her a quick, merciful death, much quicker and much more merciful
than Ryoko felt she deserved, and then have one long night of joy with
Tenchi before someone discovered Aeka's dismembered corpse.

After which, she knew, Tenchi would send her away and never speak to her
again. When that happened, she'd kill herself. There was no way she could
possibly endure the pain.

She really hoped it wouldn't come to that. Tenchi might be a little hurt
when they found the head of the first girl he'd slept with floating in
the women's bath. And she had a twinge of guilt about what it would do to
Sasami. As to everyone else, they could go to Hell for all Ryoko cared.

She wasn't sure which way it would go.

One thing she *was* sure of. She wasn't going to try kissing Aeka's feet,
ever again. There was nothing to be gained by letting herself be kicked
in the face.

She steeled herself and slid down into the hot water, her eyes never
leaving her enemy. She paused, getting ready, assessing the situation.
*Time to grind this annoying high-born twit into...*

"Gomen nasai, Ryoko," said Aeka softly, hanging her head.

*WHAT?!?!?!?!?!*

"I spoke some words to you yesterday that I shouldn't have. There were
things you did which disturbed me, but that is no excuse for a princess
of Jurai's royal family to comport herself in such a way. To scorn a
sincerely-given apology is a very shameful thing." She bowed her head,
extremely slightly and extremely briefly.

"Gomen nasai," she repeated.

Ryoko was completely stunned. This had to be the first time Aeka had
apologized to her. No matter how mildly. About Tenchi. Or about
*anything*. Ever.

Time to call off the bold frontal assault. Her enemy had just presented
an unexpected opening. Like a fencer, Ryoko circled, darted in, and
stabbed.

"So, how was it?" she asked.

Aeka turned her face away and twiddled her fingers. "How was... what?"
she asked innocently.

"You know. *It*."

Aeka remained silent.

"*Tenchi*, you baka!"

"Hmph! I am *not* the kind of woman to kiss and tell!" Aeka replied, her
usual haughty self again.

Ryoko rolled her eyes in pretended exasperation. "Don't tell me that
after all the trouble I went to, you only got to *kissing*?"

Aeka said nothing.

"Nobody here but us girls," Ryoko reminded her.

Still Aeka didn't say a word.

Ryoko sighed. "What am I *thinking*? With *your* level of creativity, you
probably did it missionary, with the lights out!" she said, laughing.
"And there's *one* thing I can see you're not *equipped* to do, anyway,
little princess" she added, taking her fist and thrusting it between her
breasts. Then she stared closely at Aeka's chest, as if trying to see
something that was very small. "Or did you decide to try the Lily of the
Plateau?" She collapsed in the bath with a splash, laughing uproariously
at her joke.

"But there *weren't* any lights in the closet," protested Aeka through
gritted teeth, pointedly ignoring the insult to her endowment. "And
what's *wrong* with that position, anyway?"

"Oh, nothing," assured Ryoko. "It's just not the one *I'm* going to use."

"WHAT?!" Aeka's face was livid as she raised her trembling arm out of the
water and pointed a shaking finger. "Ryoko... don't you DARE!"

"Do I *have* to use the missionary position?" pouted Ryoko.

"You may NOT make love to him! I will not permit it!" Aeka shrilled.

"Don't worry. I'm NOT going to make love to Tenchi," assured Ryoko
calmly.

Aeka breathed a sigh of intense relief. "I see. Good. I'm glad that's
settled, then."

Ryoko smiled. "I'm going to fuck his brains out."

Aeka face-faulted into the water and came up a moment later, quaking with
rage and gathering herself up to attack.

"RRRYYYOOOKKKOOO!!!!"

"Ah. The members of Jurai's royal family certainly do know how to return
favors, don't they?"

"I don't know what you're talking about," responded Aeka angrily, but her
aggressive posture wilted.

"You'd never have had the guts to even kiss him on the lips, if I hadn't
pushed him into that closet on top of you."

"I would have waited until *he* was ready. I don't try to force myself on
him, like *you* do."

"And he would have been ready, when...?"

Aeka hung her head. "When... he was ready..."

Ryoko shook her head, then clasped her hands and looked upwards, her eyes
sparkling. "'Oh, my mind and body are pure!'" she cooed, in a high-
pitched voice innocent yet dripping with sarcasm. "'So pure! Don't touch
me! Watch me from afar! Sit alone in your room and jack off!'" She
resumed her normal tone. "That's the message you were sending. And that's
all he would have done, little girl, if I hadn't moved things along."

"I'm not a little girl anymore, Ryoko," replied Aeka. She smiled. "Not
after last night."

"Oh? You were a *virgin*?" gasped Ryoko in mock surprise. "How could I
*ever* have guessed *that*? My, oh my, what a total *shock* this is to
me!"

Aeka glared at her, angry and silent.

"So, was it good?"

Aeka's gaze softened and she blushed, but she didn't say a word.

"You can at *least* tell me *that*, can't you?"

Aeka closed her eyes and, letting out a blissful sigh, sank into the
water up to her neck, smiling.

"I *see*. And how did it taste?"

The water splashed as Aeka cringed and backed up against the side of the
bath, glaring at Ryoko. She calmed down and looked down her nose at her.

"As I *said*, I'm not like *you*!"

Ryoko stifled a grin. *Well, that answers THAT. So there's ONE thing I
can be sure I'm giving him the first of.*

Aeka looked at her, serious and just slightly apologetic. "Ryoko, I
cannot let you. Gomen nasai. But I cannot."

"I'm going to be sleeping with *him*, not with *you*. But if that's your
price..."

Ryoko smiled and started to advance, licking her lips. Aeka's eyes went
wide and she backed away again, cringing and looking like she was going
to try to push through the side of the bath. Then Ryoko leaned back,
convulsed with laughter.

"I cannot allow you to sleep with him," continued the princess, serious
once more. "I realize that you want him, Ryoko, but he's mine now. Gomen
nasai. I will not permit you to have him."

*Four 'gomen nasai's in one day. I'm on a roll.*

"Isn't that *Tenchi's* decision?" asked Ryoko pointedly.

Aeka looked away, refusing to answer.

Now it was Ryoko's voice that became serious. "If I were you, I wouldn't
get in my way this time, princess. You won't like what will happen."

Aeka turned back and glared at her through eyes narrowed in anger. "I'm
not afraid of you, Ryoko."

"When it comes to Tenchi, you should be."

And from the look on Aeka's face, Ryoko could tell she was, just a
little. *Good.* Now time to thrust for the heart.

"Or maybe you're afraid that he'll enjoy it more with me than with you,"
taunted Ryoko, the playfulness back in her voice.

Aeka turned her face away, refusing to look her adversary in the eyes.
For several long moments she was silent and still, resolving some
internal struggle.

"Do your worst," she spat finally.

"Count on it, princess," replied Ryoko, holding in her glee with great
effort. *Just you wait, Tenchi. Tonight we're going to have ourselves
some FUN.*

As Ryoko got out of the bath and walked out, Aeka worried if she wasn't
taking too much of a risk. There was always the chance Ryoko could sway
Tenchi to make the wrong decision. Well, if he did, she knew how to
correct it.

Tonight she would go out to Ryu-oh and test the tree's branches. And
there were some things she needed to leave there.

Just in case.

Tenchi kneels in the closet. Aeka lies on the floor in front of him, tied
spread-eagle, her eyes wide in either fear or anticipation, he can't tell
which. Out of the shadows Ryoko moves up against him, putting an arm
around his shoulders and whispering seductively.

"I brought you a present, Tenchi," she says, and her hot breath washes
over his skin. She presses closer, licking his ear. "Don't you like it?
Do you know what it cost me to get this? Virgin Juraian princess whores
don't come cheap." She kisses him. "Aren't you going to fuck her, Tenchi?
After the price I paid, all the pain I endured?" Ryoko reaches down,
grabs Tenchi's penis, and guides it to the entrance of Aeka's sex. "Go
ahead. Fuck her. I don't mind at all."

Tenchi thrusts. Soon he is plowing into Aeka hard and fast, and she calls
his name, urging him onward. Each time she does so, Ryoko repeats it
mockingly. Suddenly Aeka tenses, about to climax. As she does a
bloodcurdling scream escapes Ryoko, and the closet floods with red-orange
light.

"*She's* not supposed to be enjoying this!!!" Tenchi looks over his
shoulder just in time to see Ryoko's energy sword before she drives it
down through him and Aeka, impaling each through the heart. Burning agony
shoots outward from the blazing shaft and courses through his body like
rivers of hellfire. He rolls over on his back, twitching. Blood pours
from his gaping wound. The closet door opens...

"Has anyone seen my sister?" asks Sasami.

With a casual flick of the wrist Ryoko swings her sword and sends the
girl's head flying while the body crumples, gushing crimson at the neck.
Sasami's head sails through the air and lands facing Aeka. "Oh, there you
are, Aeka. I've been looking for you. Breakfast is ready."

Ryoko whirls her sword downward and splits the head in half, silencing
it. Then she begins to frenziedly hack Aeka's body to smoking, bloody
shreds, laughing maniacally as she does so. Once finished, she
extinguishes her energy sword. She looks down at Tenchi, smiling, naked,
drenched in blood, not a trace of sanity to be found in her wild amber
eyes.

"Time to pay for services rendered, Tenchi," she says. Her mouth expands
impossibly wide, and closes on him with a sickening crunch.

Tenchi jolted upright, gasping and sweating in the dark. He was dizzy,
and he felt like he was going to be violently sick. It was dark, almost
as dark as his dream, except for the moonlight gleaming down through the
window.

"What's wrong, Tenchi?"

He swallowed and wiped his brow, glad to be awake. "I was having a really
horrible nightmare, Ryoko," he answered. "Thank you for waking me up.
I..." Tenchi paused and blinked. Sweat trickled down his temple as,
slowly and fearfully, he turned his head and looked down.

Ryoko was lying next to him, under the covers.

She wasn't wearing any clothes.

Next to him. *Right* next to him. Very, very close.

But not touching.

And she wasn't trying to grab him, either. She was just lying there, not
moving, her amber eyes looking at him with concern instead of their usual
feral hunger.

But she didn't *stay* still, and he started to sweat.

She moved up against him, put an arm around his shoulders, and whispered
seductively. "Please stay, Tenchi. There's something I want to give you,"
she said, her hot breath washing over his skin. She pressed closer and
licked his ear.

Tenchi shivered in terror. *Don't be stupid! It was only a nightmare!
It's not Ryoko's fault what she does in your silly dreams!* He calmed
himself and summoned the will not to pull away from her. *Quit being such
a coward! She's not going to hurt you. If she wanted to, she could have
done anything, even killed you if she liked. But she hasn't. She's scared
you, maybe on purpose, but she's NEVER tried to hurt you. So stop running
away and trust her a little!*

Ryoko blinked, pleasantly stunned by the absence of any attempt to flee
or push her off of him. Hopefully, if she didn't chase him, he wouldn't
run away. She smiled and Tenchi maintained his stillness as he felt her
cheek press warmly against his.

"What was it... you wanted to give... Ryoko?" he asked hesitantly.

"Me."

Ryoko's face loomed in his vision for a moment, then cyan hair surrounded
him as her lips descended towards his. Fear argued with arousal. Fear had
always won before, but this time it was losing ground. Slowly Tenchi
began to force his arms to move to embrace her.

*This isn't so bad. Not bad? Who am I kidding? I just hope Aeka doesn't
get too jealous because of this... Uh-oh. Aeka! She'll probably come
crashing in here any second!!*

Over Ryoko's shoulder his eyes locked on the door fearfully, not wanting
to get caught in the crossfire when the inevitable fight started.

"She's not going to come rescue you *this* time, Tenchi. I've arranged it
so we'll have absolutely no interruptions," Ryoko assured him.

The dark and bloody horror of his nightmare reached out and wrenched his
insides. "What have you done with her?! If you've hurt her, Ryoko..."

"Nothing like that. I'm up here with her blessing." Ryoko paused. "Well,
sort of, anyway."

"I find that hard to believe, Ry..." Tenchi began to protest, but Ryoko's
lips silenced him.

"Enough talk about Aeka," she pleaded. She tried to kiss him again, but
he turned his face away, and she didn't force him.

"I *mean* it, Ryoko. You better not have tied her up again or something
so she won't get in your way. If you've hurt Ae-chan..."

He stopped, staring at her face.

Ryoko looked like she'd just been stabbed through the heart with an
icicle. Or as if she'd been a ghost who'd thought she was alive, but had
suddenly realized just how long she'd been dead and that everything she'd
ever cared about was gone. Her eyes stared blankly into space, devoid of
all life.

"I haven't done anything to her, Tenchi. I know you won't believe me, but
it's true," she said quietly, her voice toneless and defeated. "I'm sorry
to have worried you. And to have bothered you, all this time." She hung
her head, and he felt her body begin to shake. A tear ran down her face
and splashed hot against his cheek, stirring his memory.

"Ryoko, were you in my room last night, after... after I was with..."
Tenchi started to ask. He stopped again as Ryoko's tears fell against his
face. She slowly lowered her head to his shoulder, weeping silently, then
quietly sobbing, treasuring each last moment before he pushed her away,
knowing this time it would be forever.

The sound of it brought sudden realization crashing into his head.

*FOOL!! Did you think that just because she's tough, she doesn't have any
feelings? She's wanted you all along, and you KNEW it, and all you did
was push her away and run! Do you have any IDEA how much that must have
hurt her? And then all you talk to her about is Aeka! Are you like those
assholes, those sempai of yours? Do you think like THEM? Think that she's
some kind of disposable slut without a heart to wound, since she climbs
into your bed on her own instead of you getting her drunk and dragging
her there?*

Tenchi curled his arm around her and held her tight. It felt very, very
strange to be doing that instead of trying to escape. Ryoko stopped
crying for a moment, and looked up at him, her eyes wide in surprise and
a faint flicker of hope dancing in her face.

"You're... you're not going to make me leave, Tenchi?" she asked with a
trembling voice.

Tenchi smiled, trying to cheer her up. "What kind of idiot would kick a
such a beautiful girl out of his bed?" he chuckled. "Do I look like a
eunuch or something?" Then he bent and kissed her.

Ryoko clutched him, and the tears streamed anew.

"Don't cry, Ryoko," he begged her.

She shook her head. "It's joy, Tenchi," she replied simply. She dried her
eyes, and gently returned his kiss. For several minutes she just lay
there, holding on to him in silence. Then she began to kiss him tenderly
all over his face and neck, reveling in his acceptance of each and every
touch.

"This is a side of you I've never seen before," said Tenchi after a
while.

"I wish you'd seen it sooner. But that's not your fault. Don't worry, the
Ryoko you always knew will be back any time now." And the fire in her
eyes was starting to burn again. Her kisses grew steadily more forceful.

"I didn't mean it like *that*," Tenchi assured her, mostly unafraid of
the lustful hunger starting to fill her eyes.

"I know. But the Ryoko from day-before-yesterday wants to pick up where
she left off, before she was so rudely interrupted." She grinned and
licked her lips.

He thought back to the conversation he'd overheard at school the previous
day. "You don't have to do that, Ryoko. With your mouth, I mean."

"Didn't you enjoy it?" she asked, sounding disappointed.

"Well, yes. I mean, it felt really, really good. But I don't want to make
you do something like that for me."

"Thank you, Tenchi. That's very sweet of you. But why are you uptight
about it?"

"I remember the guys at school saying that most girls don't like to do
that. Especially... err, swallowing."

Ryoko smiled. "*I* want to, Tenchi. Because it's yours. Because it's
*you*."

"You're sure?"

She kissed him tenderly. She looked down at him, and now love, not lust,
shone in her face. "Did I ever tell you I'd die for you, Tenchi? I would.
Because without you, I'd die anyway."

He cringed. "Please, Ryoko! Don't talk like that. It's morbid."

"What I *mean*, Tenchi, is that I'd do anything for you. Anything. And I
want you to know and feel a little of what 'anything' means." She kissed
him some more. "You didn't say something about it the other day, Tenchi.
Why?"

"Ryoko, after you started, I wasn't exactly able to talk. Or think,
either."

She grinned from ear to ear and crushed him in her arms. "Oh, thank you,
Tenchi!" She ran her fingers through his hair. "You don't know what it
means to me to hear that. I wasn't sure, and I never got a chance to ask
you."

"Believe me, Ryoko. It was one of the best things I've ever felt in my
life. Honest. Though you did scare the hell out of me, sneaking up and
grabbing me like that."

"Better than...?"

"I thought you didn't want to talk about her."

"You're right. I don't." She kissed him so hard it felt like she was
trying to suck out his soul. *So Aeka got to go all the way with him
first. His first pleasure with a woman was with me. With me!*

After a few minutes, Ryoko crawled on top of him and kissed him, her
fiery yellow eyes once more filled with ravenous passion.

"I won't have to hold you down this time, will I?" she asked.

"Actually, the holding down part was a little fun. Just a *little*,"
admitted Tenchi sheepishly.

"Well, I'm not sharing you with anyone right now, Tenchi. Not even with
myself. So just lie back and enjoy it. If you try to get away," Ryoko
warned with a smile, clenching her fist in front of Tenchi's face, "I'll
have to hurt you."

"I suppose that's what I should expect from a space pirate," he said,
grinning.

"Well, prisoner of the most-wanted space pirate Ryoko..."

She kissed his cheek.

"Prepare to be pillaged..."

She kissed him on the lips.

"And plundered..."

Then she kissed his chin.

"And ravished..."

And then his neck.

"No one can help you..."

She raised her face above his, and gazed down at him.

"No one will save you..."

Her feline eyes gleamed hungrily.

"No quarter will be given..."

The fire that burned in them promised him that he was about to be pounced
on, taken, and consumed.

"No mercy shown..."

She pulled back her lips, and her teeth gleamed in the moonlight.

"Scream all you like..."

She ran her tongue along the points of her fangs.

"Beg if you want..."

Her hair brushed down his chest.

"It'll do you no good..."

It passed over his stomach, tickling.

"You're *mine*..."

Her fingers curled around the base of his shaft.

"To do with as I please."

Ryoko's lips hovered an inch away from the tip of his penis.

"Tenchi..." she said, her hot breath washing over it as she spoke his
name.

"Yes?" he asked, looking down at her.

"Itadakimasu!" Ryoko giggled. Then she slid it into her mouth.

He shut his eyes tightly. It felt *good*. Even when it brushed against
her fangs, he felt a weird thrill, not fear. He trusted her not to bite.

She made it last a long time. A *very* long time. It seemed to go on
forever. Minutes? Hours? Days? He really wasn't sure.

He *definitely* wasn't watching the clock while it happened.

"Ohhh... Ryoko... yes..." he moaned, as her lips made their way up and
down the shaft. Her heart fluttered for a moment. He'd spoken her name,
with pleasure in his voice. And he'd said "yes" instead of "stop" or "go
away" or "leave me alone." It was so much better than the first time
she'd seriously tried to seduce him, when he hadn't even wanted to look
at her. Briefly she wondered what he'd do if she *did* stop. So she
decided to find out. She backed off and looked up at him.

"Want me to keep going, Tenchi?" she asked. He nodded rapidly, and she
smiled. "Well, you've gotta tell me to, then."

Tenchi lay back, breathing heavily. "Only if *you* want to, Ryoko..."

"I want to hear you say you want me to," she replied. "Tell me, if you
do."

"Please, do it some more," he sighed.

"Do *what*, Tenchi?" she asked innocently.

"What you were doing," he answered, resting his hands on her head.

She began running her tongue along his penis. "Say it, Tenchi. Say
'Ryoko, suck my cock.' And I will."

"Er..."

"Why are you being so shy about it?" she chuckled. "I was *doing* it.
Can't you *say* it?"

"Well..."

"Say it, Tenchi," she cooed, kissing the head once.

"Ryoko..." he began hesitantly.

She started rubbing his penis all over her face. "Hmmmm?"

"Suck my cock, Ryoko," he begged. "Please!"

She grasped it gently and moved her head until her lips almost touched
the tip. "Say it *again*, Tenchi," she whispered. Then she opened her
mouth, and waited.

"Suck my cock..."

Her lips closed around it and descended to the root.

"...*RYOKO*!!!" he gasped, feeling it slide into her mouth, between her
fangs, over her tongue, and bump against the back of her throat.

Patiently she moved her head back up and released his penis. "Like
*that*, Tenchi?"

"Yes... just like that... only don't stop this time... don't stop,
Ryoko... *please*!"

"You want me to do it until you cum?" she asked, lapping at the tip. "Do
you want me to swallow, Tenchi?"

"If you want to," he replied, his voice sound a bit desperate.

She rested her lips against the shaft as she spoke. "What do *you* want,
Tenchi? I told you, I'll do anything for you. Anything at all. Do you
want me to swallow your cum? Tell me..."

"Yes!"

"Yes, what?" she asked, briefly licking his balls.

"Swallow it!"

She traced around the ridge of the head with her tongue. "Swallow what,
Tenchi?"

"My cum!"

"You want me to suck your cock, and swallow your cum?" she asked, taking
just the glans between her lips for a moment before releasing it again.

"Yes!" he gasped. "How many times do I have to say it? Stop *teasing* me,
Ryoko. Please!"

"You teased *me*, Tenchi," she answered, breathing hot air all over his
groin. "You made me wait, three whole months."

"I'm sorry, Ryoko. Please..."

"You *really* want me to? Really?" She began planting kisses along the
shaft, starting at the base and moving up. "You never did before."

"But I want you to, now!"

Her lips and teeth and tongue made their way slowly all over his penis,
inflicting unbearably-pleasurable torment, and his fists clenched,
grabbing the sheets. "Want me to *what*, Tenchi? Tell me what you want me
to do. All of it."

"Suck my cock, Ryoko," he pleaded, looking down at her, urgency in his
voice and face. "Suck it, until I cum... then swallow... please... just
do it *now*! I can't stand it anymore!"

Ryoko gazed back up at him, her expression warm and gentle, her lips
smiling sweetly.

"All you ever had to do was ask, Tenchi," she said softly, before taking
his penis back into her mouth and starting to work it over again.

After another minute she let it slide mostly out. She held the head with
her fangs and slowly licked all around it for a while, then resumed
sucking on it, her ears full of the sound of gasps that grew louder and
more rapid with each passing moment.

Suddenly Tenchi shut his eyes as his entire body tensed, crying her name
as he surrendered himself to climax.

"RYOKOOOOOOO!!!!"

She grabbed his waist and hugged him tight as he shuddered in her embrace
and gave out a loud, long, deep groan. Ryoko kept her lips pressed firmly
around Tenchi's penis and waited until his body relaxed again. Then she
swallowed. So he would hear and feel her do it, and be fully aware when
she did. Her mouth slowly glided up and off. She sighed and looked up at
him happily.

"Gochisou sama deshita, Tenchi," she said, giggling again, as she slowly
licked her lips.

He blinked. *OK, if she says so.* He smiled back at her.

Ryoko's gold kittenish eyes sparkled as she began to patiently,
methodically clean Tenchi's penis with her tongue. It was an utterly
feline gesture, but it far from terrified him. She moved back up his body
and, still like a kitten, cuddled against him, warm and soft. He half-
expected her to start purring. Then she let out a long
"Mmmmmmmmmm......", and it almost seemed like she *was*. Then she spoke,
breaking the illusion a bit.

"Well, I don't think I need to ask if you liked *that*," she said, her
voice affectionate and proud.

"It was *wonderful*, Ryoko," he sighed. "Thank you."

She smiled and shook her head. "No, Tenchi. Thank you for letting me. It
didn't have to be that exactly, but I've needed to do *something* with
you, anything, for a long time." Then she grinned again. "But I'm very
glad you enjoyed it. Would you like me to do it again, sometime?"

"Whenever you feel like it, Ryoko," he replied, smiling.

Her face beamed. "When's your first class, exactly?"

Tenchi face-faulted.

*Uh-oh. Knowing how Ryoko is, she's probably going to float up under my
desk during history or something. And she won't CARE who's watching, at
ALL.*

Ryoko looked at him, puzzled. "What's wrong? Isn't it boring sitting in
those classrooms all day long?"

Tenchi began to sweat. "Umm, Ryoko, I don't think that would be a really
good idea. Everyone would SEE!"

"So?"

"But they'd SEE!" he repeated, unable to articulate his objection any
better than that.

"Don't you want them to know how much I love you, Tenchi?" she asked,
confused.

"Of course I do, Ryoko. Kissing and hugging, fine. But nothing more than
that, in public."

"But Tenchiiiii..."

He tried a different tack. "Ryoko, if you showed up at school, all the
guys would be making passes at you."

Now she looked hurt. "But I wouldn't let them *do* anything, Tenchi.
Really. I'm not how Aeka says I am."

"That *isn't* what I meant. A lot of them wouldn't *care*. They'd try to
do something anyway."

His eyes bulged in shock as Ryoko's energy sword flashed into existence,
filling the room with red-orange glare. She held it above the bed, waving
it casually. She looked over at him. Her face was deadly serious.

"Tenchi, remember when I said I gave myself to you? I meant it. Forever.
If someone else tries to take me away, the only decision I'll need to
make is which of his heads to cut off *first*."

Now he *had* to keep her away from school. Otherwise, there were a few
students he knew who were going to wind up castrated, decapitated, or
both. Maybe a couple of teachers, too.

"Uh, Ryoko, that's sweet of you, and I'm glad you can protect yourself,
but couldn't you just slap them or something?"

"Why?" she asked, extinguishing the sword.

For a moment he was about to remind her that she'd be breaking the law.
Then he realized who he was talking to, and how ridiculous such an
argument would be. It might even encourage her.

"Just *because*. Don't use the sword unless you have to, OK?"

"Oh, alright," she sighed. Then a new idea entered her head. "I could fly
you up on top of one of the buildings, and do it there. No one would see
us *that* way."

"But then I'd miss the lectures, and I'd fail all my tests!" he
protested.

"So?"

He groaned in frustration. Then inspiration struck.

"You remember that TV show, about the guy who fails his college entrance
exams, and then he falls in love with his landlady?"

Ryoko looked worried. "That really happens?"

"Uh-huh. All the time."

"Oh." She thought about it some more. "Then how about during lunch? That
wouldn't interfere with your classes, right?" She kissed his cheek. "And
lunchtime would be the perfect time for it, too, don't you think?" She
nuzzled against him and licked his neck. "Please, Tenchiiiii..."

He started to protest, then couldn't think of any particular argument
against it.

"I'll think about it, Ryoko, OK?" he assured her. "Until then, please,
don't show up at my school for that. Please?"

"Alright, Tenchi, alright," she said, sounding disappointed.

"Thank you, Ryoko," he said, breathing easier again.

She smiled. "If you *really* want to thank me..." She slid on top and
straddled him, then bent down to kiss him. "... there's something you can
do."

He smiled back. "I was kind of hoping to do that anyway, Ryoko, but I'm
not exactly ready yet, if you know what I mean."

"I'll fix that," she promised, her eyes gleaming. There was something she
wanted to try, another thing she figured he hadn't done with Aeka. He
flailed around in surprise for a moment when she grabbed onto him and
floated upwards. Then he calmed down and let her carry him to the edge of
the bed. He sat down. Ryoko's feet touched the floor and she knelt in
front of him, resting her breasts on his knees. Then she took hold of his
flaccid penis and pressed it between them.

Tenchi cringed in fear for just moment, remembering the last time someone
had offered to do this for him. Who. Where. He recalled the event in
detail that was... well, *clinical*. Needles, probes, clamps, electrodes,
rubber gloves...

Ryoko looked up at him, puzzled. "Don't you like them, Tenchi?" she
asked.

"They're very nice, Ryoko, it's just that I had sort of bad..." He shook
his head. "Never mind. Please, go right ahead."

She began to rub it back and forth through her cleavage. After a while,
she brought his hands onto her bosom, encouraging him to fondle and
squeeze. He hardened swiftly, and she continued for a few minutes after
that. Emboldened a bit, Tenchi pressed her breasts firmly against his
penis and started thrusting. Ryoko smiled and licked the head each time
it poked up at her face. Briefly she considered letting him keep going,
but decided they could continue this later. She gently grasped his wrists
and pried his hands away from her breasts. Then she got up, straddled him
again, and mounted, wrapping her arms tightly around him as if she'd
never let go.

Tenchi returned her embrace as Ryoko started to bounce on his lap
energetically. He kissed her all over her face and neck, and she did
likewise. She tossed her head and whipped her hair around as she thrust
herself onto him again and again. She savored every last tiny sensation.

She felt him driving into her, but under her hands she also felt his
heart beating faster, faster, faster. For her. His breathing hard and
rapid. Because of her. His hands caressing her, all the hesitation gone.
His lips against hers, willingly. His voice calling her name. She felt
the tension growing inside. Tenchi had caused it, *chosen* to cause it.
Finally. It wound tighter and tighter within her. Then, like an over-
stressed steel cable, it snapped. And Ryoko's last conscious thought,
just before climax took her, was that it was something Tenchi had given
her.

Tenchi felt Ryoko's body stiffen and flush hotter against his skin, felt
her nails dig into his back and the muscles of her sex clamp down hard on
his penis while at the same time her embrace tightened in much the same
way, her arms squeezing their bodies together as if she were trying to
make the two of them merge into one being. He hugged her more tightly in
turn just as Ryoko tilted her head up and her passionate moan rose in
pitch and volume into a loud, ecstatic, rapturous cry of "Tenchiiiii!"

He pressed his lips against her larynx and started kissing up the length
of her exposed neck. More tremors rippled through her body as she rocked
back and forth on him. Ryoko closed her eyes and kay her head on Tenchi's
shoulder, gasping for breath, panting while she continued to ride him,
her breath washing hot and moist along his neck along with her kisses,
her body still convulsing. Then, as she wound down, she rubbed her head
against his neck and cheek, caressing his skin with her hair and
murmuring his name softly. Tears trickled out of her eyes and onto his
shoulder again.

Not because of the physical pleasure, intense though it was. But because
of who'd caused it for her, after she'd desired him for so long. It had
been every bit as good as she'd imagined it would be. Better, even. She
continued to urgently thrust herself up and down on him, threw her arms
around his neck and kissed him forcefully. There was something else she'd
wanted for a great while, and she was eager for it. Then, just as
suddenly as he'd given ecstasy to her, he gave her his.

Tenchi pulled Ryoko down onto him harder and held her there. He started
to groan with release but she pressed her mouth onto his. She stared into
his face, watching every twitch of every muscle, as she felt him stream
hot inside her. She held him tight and felt every shudder in his body,
until he was spent.

They lay back down next to each other, running their hands through each
other's hair. Ryoko rested her head against Tenchi, calm, happy, knowing
that she didn't need to fear anymore that he'd pull away or push her off.

"I think I want to do that *again*," she said after a few minutes,
smiling and kissing him. "No, scratch that. I *know* I want to do that
again."

"Uh, Ryoko, I'm kind of worn out. Gomen nasai," he sighed in protest,
wiping sweat from his forehead.

"That's OK. *I'm* not."

She got onto her hands and knees and looked up at the moon, judging the
time by its position instead bothering to look over at Tenchi's alarm
clock. She glanced down and saw that he was starting to fall asleep.
Ryoko opened the window, so that the cold air's bite would keep him
awake. And so her body would feel that much warmer against his, and he'd
hold her even tighter. The wind came in and made the papers on his desk
flap around noisily, but she ignored it. She wouldn't care if everything
but she and Tenchi were to blow away in a typhoon.

Ryoko smiled for a moment. Sex in the middle of a typhoon? Now, *that*
would be *fun*! She decided she'd have to find a way for the two of them
to try it, some time.

She looked back at him and pouted. "Oh, don't quit on me *now*,
Tenchiiii," she begged. "You made me wait a long time for this, and we're
just getting started. It's at least six whole *hours* until morning!"

She crouched above Tenchi like a tigress over her kill, her savage pose
magnifying the sensuousness of her curves in the moonlight. Her untamed
cyan mane rippled wildly behind her in the chill breeze. Ravenous feline
eyes gleamed down at him, hot and yellow like molten gold. She bared her
glistening fangs as she grinned hungrily. Her nose sniffed, drinking in
his scent. Her fingers flexed like claws as she shifted her stance,
waiting patiently for the moment of greatest vulnerability, preparing to
pounce upon her prey. To pounce, to take, to have, to consume. To use his
body to satisfy her hunger for him. Ryoko paused, silent and motionless
as a statue, and watched.

Then she was on him. A misty remnant of Tenchi's fear filled him only to
be burned away under the heat as their lips locked passionately and
Ryoko's hands began to roam his body -- warm, seeking, insistent.

Inexorable.

Preview of Next Chapter: No Need For Discipline

Aeka assumed a wide stance, hefted the whip, and thought back to the day
when her mother had told her about men and women and things of the heart.
"The first time you bring your love to repentance is special, Aeka.
You'll remember it fondly, all your life. And so will he." Tenchi would
kneel at her feet and beg her forgiveness. Gladly, *joyously* she would
grant it. And he would be hers, and she his, forever.

...