Aikan Muyo
Chapter 2 - No Need For Breakfast


     "You're so distant honey, you're Mr. Cool.
      You lock up your feelings, you're nobody's fool.
      You're facing the world with your fist clenched tight.
      Tough guy, tough guy, facing the light.
      Don't forget to remember, she's coming up in back.
      Even you surrender, surrender to her sweet attack.

      Ambush, ambush, come from behind!
      Ambush, ambush, capture your mind!
      Ambush, ambush, I'm in disguise!
      Ambush, ambush, take you by surprise!"
        -- "Ambush", Heart


The birds outside sang to greet the warm sun as its rays streamed down
through the window above Tenchi's bed. But even as the dawn shed a
friendly glow, a sinister shadow lurked and watched. With swift,
predatory grace the dark menacing shape drew nearer. Unsuspecting,
Tenchi slept on. The hunter rose, preparing to strike, and gazed down
at him with hungry yellow eyes.

"Ryoko," he murmured, twisting slightly in his sleep.

"That's right, Tenchi," she answered quietly, not wanting to wake him
just yet. *This is perfect!* thought Ryoko. *He's dreaming of me, and
when he wakes up...* She clasped her hands and her eyes sparkled with
joy.

"Oh, Ryoko, please, please," continued Tenchi. Ryoko leaned forward
eagerly, listening. "I can't hold back much longer. Please, Ryoko, I'm
begging you..." Her eyes widened and her heart sang like the birds
outside. Slowly she bent down to plant a kiss on his lips.

"Please, Ryoko, let me go. I have to go to the bathroom!"

Ryoko face-faulted and collapsed on the floor. Slowly, she got up,
rubbing her forehead, her face pulled into an annoyed smirk. Then her
expression softened into a smile as she looked down at him again.
"That's the last dry dream you're going to have of *me*, Tenchi," she
promised. "From now on, they're all going to be nice and *wet*!"

Tenchi sprints down the school hallway towards the restroom, hoping he
manages to hold out long enough. He vaults ten or twenty feet at each
stride like a champion Olympic hurdler as he speeds through miles and
miles of corridors. He'd managed to squirm free from Aeka, but then
Ryoko had grabbed him and wouldn't let go. Washuu-sensei had stopped
her physics lecture and switched to biology without breaking stride,
pointing out to the class the various symptoms of male human sexual
arousal. His dad had sat in the corner in a director's chair,
repeatedly yelling "Action!" and focusing spotlights while a movie
camera rolled. Kiyone and Mihoshi had merely stood and watched.
Shouldn't they have arrested Ryoko or something? It was a good thing
Sasami-chan hadn't been watching all that.

"Hi, Tenchi, where are you going?" asks Sasami, somehow managing to
walk beside him at a hundred miles per hour or so.

"Uh, nowhere, Sasami," answers Tenchi. His feet leave the ground and
he soars towards the restroom. Suddenly, Ryoko rises up in front of
him, but he passes through her like mist and lands on the tips of his
toes at his destination.

Hurriedly he shuts the bathroom door behind him. He unzips his fly,
stands in front of the toilet, and aims, ready to relieve the pressure
that had been building up while Ryoko held him down. But nothing
happens. At first. Then his penis starts to expand monstrously. A
ringed bulge forms and moves up and down its length as if it were a
python bodybuilder flexing its muscles. Tenchi begins to sweat
profusely, his heart races, his mouth dries, and down the hall he can
hear Washuu-sensei continue to point these facts out to his fellow
students. His perspiration has flooded the restroom up to his shaking
knees. His penis swells even more. Unbalanced by its weight he falls
backwards and it smashes through the ceiling. Chunks of wood and
plaster cover his face, blinding him. He reaches to wipe away the
debris as his manhood rises, unstoppable, into the stratosphere.

Tenchi awakened as his fingertips brushed something warm and soft
pressed against his face. He opened his eyes, but still couldn't see
anything. Something was blocking his sight. Tentatively he tried to
push whatever it was away. In the meantime, his slowly- awakening mind
attempted to sort out interesting sensations working their way up from
somewhere near his waist. He discovered that not one but *two* objects
were obstructing his vision, one resting on each eye. Vaguely rounded.
Smooth. Warm, too. Firm yet malleable at the same time. By now very
urgent messages were racing up the length of his spine and rudely
demanding that his brain grant them immediate audience. Just a second,
said his brain. I'm trying to figure out why there are two breasts on
my face, and I can only handle one thought at a time this early in the
morning.

Breasts?

Hmmm... yes, that's what they are. Come to think of it, they're pretty
big, so that probably means they belong to...

Look, that's very interesting, but something's going on down here that
we think you should know about...

At this point Tenchi became fully aware of the sensation of something
slippery clasped tightly around the shaft of his penis and slowly
sliding up and down its length. In his state of semi- consciousness
he'd dismissed it as a continuation of his dream, but he definitely
felt it now. He tried to get up, but immediately two sets of hands
gripped his wrists and knees, pinning him. The ring of pressure glided
up and off of his cock. Then he felt what could only be a kiss being
planted on the tip of it. Someone's lips lingered for a moment, then
their tongue began washing back and forth across his balls. He
struggled and tried to get up again. Whoever was holding his wrists
forced his shaking hands to cup the breasts resting on his face. Erect
nipples poked into his palms, and above him a female voice moaned
softly. Then his hands were empty again and his arms were yanked
roughly outwards onto the mattress. At the same time, his head was
lifted from the pillow and brought to rest on someone's knees. Tenchi
blinked as the morning light struck his eyes. Then he froze.

Ryoko stared down at him through her cleavage, smiling.

Tenchi quickly resumed his futile attempts to get free. A warm mouth
impaling itself on his cock stopped him, and he lay paralyzed. *OK, so
if it's not Ryoko, who is it that's...* Fingers gently grasped the
base of his penis as the unseen mouth withdrew. First a wild mane of
cyan hair, then yellow cat-like eyes, then lips pulled into a
mischievous grin rose up through the covers. Tenchi's eyes bounced up,
then down, switching between the two identical faces a dozen times. He
redoubled his efforts to escape and his penis stiffened even further
as his mind and his hormones independently considered the
implications.

Both Ryokos giggled simultaneously. "Ohayo, Tenchi," cooed the
one between his legs. "What are you made of? Stone? I thought I'd
*never* wake you up!" She pulled herself entirely above the covers and
lay across his legs to hold him down, then propped up her head with
one hand while reaching down through the blankets again with the
other. Her fingertip traced idly up and down his penis. Then she
looked directly into his face and slowly licked her lips suggestively.
No, *not* suggestively. Demandingly. Imperatively. Without the
slightest hint that she would accept anything less than to wrap those
lips around him and drain him dry as a husk. "I was *really* enjoying
that, Tenchi," she breathed sensuously. "Were you?"

Deep inside his brain two primal voices clashed in violent struggle.
One wanted to know what in the world he was afraid of, and commanded
loudly that he lie back and stay still. But the other, louder, warned
of the fate of prey that hesitate to flee. His mind locked in debate,
Tenchi just stared back at her. Ryoko pouted, and under the covers her
hand softly wrapped around the shaft of his penis.

"Do you want me to suck your cock some more, Tenchi?" she asked,
slowly stroking him, and her lustful voice managed to plead and insist
at the same time. "Please tell me, Tenchi. Did you like that?" Still
he stared blankly at her. "I want to make you cum in my mouth,
Tenchi," she said, her eyes never wavering from his, "but I'll stop,
if you tell me to."

The heated argument in his head continued, one voice shouting that
Ryoko was lying, she had no intention of stopping, and that he needed
to escape, *now*, and the other screaming that, yes, she *was* lying,
and he damn well better *not* escape. His unmoving eyes peered out
into empty space.

Ryoko let out a sigh, wishing he'd at least *say* something. "Well,
Tenchi, if you can't decide, I guess I'll have to help you make up
your mind," she said. Her feral gaze locked on him for a long moment,
promising him that he was about to be run to ground and devoured. Her
hands grabbed his knees again. She sank through the blankets like a
phantom. And as her mouth descended on him once more, his eyes closed
tight and his involuntary moan rang in her ears like music.

Ryoko's head bobbed up and down as she engulfed and released Tenchi's
penis, again, again, and again. Tremors of fear and waves of pleasure
swept through him. One moment he wanted desperately to tear away and
flee. The next he wished just as much to beg her to never stop. But
neither impulse won. 

Above him, the duplicate Ryoko -- the only part of his mind still
capable of rational thought had decided that's what she was, since the
other had done all the talking -- brought her breasts down onto his
face and began to slide them back and forth. After a few minutes, she
pulled her knees out from under him, floated up in the air vertically,
and pressed her hands firmly down on his shoulders as she started
french-kissing him.

Between his legs original Ryoko stopping sucking his penis and let it
slip most of the way out between her lips. Tenchi cringed as he felt
pointed, carnivorous teeth hook under the ridge of his glans,
preventing it from escaping. Sweat drenched his body and soaked into
the sheets. Ryoko's rough tongue playfully darted and danced around
the head of his cock, brushing against it's sensitive skin like warm,
wet velvet while her sharp fangs held it captive, and the unresolvable
combination of terror and pleasure threatened to drive him mad.

Suddenly, duplicate Ryoko tensed. "Someone's coming," she hissed.

"No, he's still got a ways to go yet," original Ryoko replied from
under the covers.

"That's not what I meant! Someone's coming up the stairs. It's
probably Sasami fetching Tenchi for breakfast."

"Damn! Alright, hold him down, and keep him quiet. I'll take care of
this." Ryoko gave Tenchi's penis a lick. "I'll be back, I promise,"
she purred. Then she whisked through the room and out the door.

Sasami walked up to Tenchi's bedroom door and saw Ryoko standing next
to it, holding a slip of paper. "Ohayo, Ryoko. What's that?"

"Tenchi left a note taped to his door," answered Ryoko, handing it to
Sasami.

"`I decided to sleep late today, so please don't wake me up. Please
save my breakfast for me. Thanks.'" Sasami paused for a moment, a
disappointed look on her face. "But the miso soup won't be as good
when it's reheated. And Mr. Masaki isn't here, either. Oh, well. Come
on, Ryoko, before it gets cold."

Sweat beaded on Ryoko's brow. "I'm, uh, already having breakfast,
Sasami. I'll be down later. Thanks anyway."

"Oh? What are you having? I'll fix it for you tomorrow if you want,
Ryoko."...

As Sasami headed back down to the kitchen, she happened to meet Aeka
halfway up the stairs. "Isn't Tenchi-sama going to have breakfast?"
asked Aeka worriedly. "Is he sick?"

Sasami shook her head. "He decided to sleep in. He'll be down later."

Aeka looked around. "I don't see Ryoko, either," she commented,
starting to walk down the stairs with Sasami.

"Ryoko said she was having breakfast in bed."

"That lazy woman!" cursed Aeka.

"Ryoko's a nice lady. But she is kind of weird sometimes."

Aeka chuckled. "Well, I'll agree with you about the second part,
Sasami," she said. "And more than sometimes."

"I've just never heard of someone having *salami* for breakfast
before."

Aeka laughed for a moment, but stopped. Something told her these bits
of apparently-innocuous information added up to something very *bad*,
but she wasn't sure exactly *how*. Tenchi had decided to sleep in.
Ryoko was eating salami in bed. *That* surely was appropriate, thought
Aeka with amusement. That dirty-minded Ryoko was probably pretending
that she was...

Aeka froze in her tracks and blinked.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!..." screamed Aeka,
tearing back up the stairs as fast as her legs would carry her.

Ryoko sucked insistently at Tenchi's penis. He was close, she could
tell. At last he had stopped struggling, instead thrusting his pelvis
upward, driving deeper into her mouth. *Well, that's a step in the
right direction*, she thought delightedly. She paused and licked the
underside, then resumed.

"...aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!..." came the sound of a
rapidly-approaching scream.

*Oh, hell!* swore Ryoko. *Sorry, Tenchi, but I'm going to have to rush
this a bit.* She dismissed her doppleganger so she could give her task
her undivided attention, then pressed lips and tongue and fingers into
play, applying as much raw stimulation as rapidly as she could. She
felt his whole body tensing up just as the door slammed open.

"...AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

Tenchi arched his back. He moaned, and for a moment that was the only
sound in Ryoko's universe. *This is it!* her mind shouted, and she
clamped her lips tightly around the shaft, ready for him.

Aeka grabbed Ryoko's leg and yanked with all her strength just as
Tenchi's cock began to twitch. The two girls landed in a heap in front
of the door, and each turned to face the other in fury. Energy arced
between them as they prepared to do battle. Then the gasping sound of
Tenchi gulping huge lungfuls of air caught their attention.
Simultaneously their heads turned towards him, then down to the
spreading wet spot on the covers between his legs.

Ryoko forced herself to calm down, then sighed with exasperation.
"Damn it, Aeka, couldn't you have waited another *five seconds*?"

Aeka turned back towards her, and as she spoke her voice shook. "I
demand to know what you were doing sneaking into Tenchi-sama's room!"

Ryoko blinked. "Uh, wasn't it *obvious*, Aeka?"

"I've had about enough of you!" Aeka declared, her body trembling as
she glared at the space pirate.

"Jealous, little princess?" taunted Ryoko, smiling at her.

"I refuse to allow you to break into Tenchi-sama's private chambers
like a common thief and interrupt his rest when he specifically asked
that he not be disturbed. But I forget, you *are* a common thief,
Ryoko..."

"Aeka..."

"...and you care nothing for anything or anyone but yourself.
Tenchi-sama graciously offers you his hospitality and in return you
assault him like a mindless ruffian. But then, you're that, too,
Ryoko, I must remember..."

"Aeka...!"

"...and if it weren't for Tenchi-sama's sense of honor, he'd have
thrown you out the moment he set his eyes on you. But someone like you
hasn't the slightest idea what honor *is*, much less how to respond
with gratitude when it is shown..."

"AEKA!!"

"...instead you destroy his family's property, disturb the peaceful
harmony of their home, and what's worst of all..."

"A-E-K-A!!!!"

"...even after Tenchi-sama makes it clear that he'd never be attracted
to a disgusting and evil person like *you*, and that he doesn't want
his heart and body tainted with your wickedness and cruelty, you still
insist on throwing yourself on him like a cheap tramp!!"

"SHUT UP!!!" screamed Ryoko, hurling a blast of energy towards Aeka.
Preoccupied with her tirade, the princess barely dodged it. An instant
later it struck the wall and exploded, hurling Aeka to the ground, her
clothes smudged with soot. Ryoko glared down at her for a moment,
readying to follow up the attack.

Tenchi stumbled out of bed and helped Aeka to her feet. "Are you
alright, Aeka?" he asked, his voice full of concern, but his eyes
looking up at Ryoko angrily. "Yes, Tenchi, I'm fine," she replied. She
coughed slightly. Then she noticed his nakedness, blushed, and quickly
exited the room. Feeling Ryoko's eyes on him, he grabbed a blanket and
wrapped it around his waist.

Ryoko floated up to him. "Well, now that *she's* gone, wanna get back
to business?" she asked. She started to put her arm around him, but
Tenchi pushed her away and glowered at her.

"There's no excuse for what you just did," he said, his voice icy.

"Forget about her, Tenchi," she said soothingly, again trying to
embrace him. "You liked what I was doing, didn't you?" 

He shoved her away, harder this time. "Stop that!"

Ryoko looked at him, bewildered. "Do you really care more about her
than you do about me?" she asked.

"That's not the point! Don't you understand? Aeka's a guest in my
house. If you attack her, it's the same as if you attacked *me*. And
if you hurt her, you've hurt *me*." He glared at her pitilessly. "And
right now, after what you did, I don't want to have anything to do
with you!" Ryoko looked down at the floor, unable to believe what she
was hearing. "Get out of my room!" he ordered.

Ryoko stared wide-eyed at him, her expression one of complete shock.
"But, Tenchiiii..." she cooed tremulously, starting to move towards
him again.

"I said GET OUT!" he shouted.

She paused in midair, watching him, shaking.

"OUT!!" he yelled.

Ryoko turned away from him before the tears started, floating out the
window and quickly vanishing into the woods. Tenchi watched her go,
wishing that somehow he could have found another way, that he hadn't
had to speak so harshly to her. He told himself she'd left him no
choice. But that didn't make him regret it less. 

He checked the walls to be sure a fire wasn't about to start. Luckily,
nothing was burning. But the damage was quite noticeable. Tenchi
grumbled, not looking forward to the repairs he'd have to make, as he
began getting ready for school.

Night had long since fallen when Ryoko walked back into the Masaki
home, silently passing through the living room wall. Wordlessly she
lay down on the couch, staring at the ceiling. Suddenly a voice out of
the darkness startled her.

"Hi, Ryoko," said Sasami, gazing out the window.

"What are you doing up so late, Sasami?"

"I was worried about you, and I couldn't sleep," replied the princess,
turning towards her. "You were gone all day, and I thought maybe you
weren't coming back." 

Ryoko sighed. "You're probably the only one here who'd be sorry if I
hadn't."

Sasami came over to the couch and sat down next to her. "I saved lunch
and dinner for you."

"Thank you, Sasami. I'll eat it later, I promise." 

"Are you sure you don't want me to get it? When you weren't there at
lunch today, I decided to make oyako donburi for dinner, `cause I know
you like it." She looked down at the floor. "I thought maybe if you
were hiding somewhere, it might make you come out."

Ryoko forced a smile. "I'm glad you thought about me, Sasami- chan.
But you don't need to worry. I'm not going anywhere." For a moment she
looked out the window. "Not anywhere at all," she said very quietly,
her sad voice full of regret and disappointment. Then she remembered
Sasami again. "Anyway, aren't you up late? You'd better get back
before Aeka notices you're gone."

Sasami shook her head. "She's asleep. Besides, I'm not tired. I'm just
kinda bored. I wish we could play a game or something." She paused for
a moment of thought. "Hey, Ryoko, do you like to play chess?"

Ten minutes later the two were on the floor, faced off over a Juraian
chess set, Ryoko taking gold while Sasami took silver. The pieces
vaguely resembled those of Western chess, though with Trees replacing
Rooks, and Princesses instead of Bishops. Examining the carved metal
figures, Ryoko noticed that each Queen carried what looked like a
cat-o'-nine-tails, and both Kings were swathed in seemingly-endless
lengths of chains. "I'm not very good at this," apologized Sasami.
"Aeka usually beats me at it."

"You don't say," replied Ryoko, examining the coiled bull-whip in the
hands of one of her Princess pieces before placing it on the board.

Thirty minutes and a dozen or so moves later, Ryoko groaned and
glanced around the board for some hope of regrouping her decimated
forces. If only her Queen was in a different spot... 

"Ryoko?" asked Sasami, her expression betraying some of her earlier
worry.

"Hmmm?"

"Being mad at Aeka doesn't make you get mad at me, does it?"

Ryoko reached over and tousled Sasami's hair. "Anything between me and
your sister, is between me and your sister," assured Ryoko, meanwhile
using her free hand to quickly move her Queen. "Not you or anybody
else."

"I'm glad, Ryoko," replied Sasami, her face brightening again. She
looked back at the board. "Wow! There's a move I didn't see before."
Picking up a Tree, she captured the gold Queen and placed a
flabbergasted Ryoko in check. "Why are you and my sister always
fighting? Is it because of Tenchi?"

Ryoko nodded. "That's part of the reason."

"Why can't you *both* be friends with Tenchi? It makes him really sad
when you fight. It makes me sad, too."

"SASAMI!" shrieked Aeka, starting to run towards them from the foot of
the stairs. "Get away from there!" Quickly she tugged her sister to
her feet while glaring murderously at Ryoko. "I told you to stay away
from that woman. There's no telling what she might do. You might be
hurt!" Ryoko remained fixed as a statue, saying nothing and staring at
floor.

"But, Aeka..." began Sasami in protest.

"Come along, Sasami."

"Oh, alright. Goodnight, Ryoko."

"Sweet dreams, Sasami-chan," replied Ryoko, still not raising her
eyes.

"Sasami! A princess of Jurai does *not* speak to violent, criminal
trash!"

As the two Juraians receded up the stairs, Ryoko set up the board for
another game, deciding that it might take her mind of her troubles. As
she did so, her duplicate stepped out of her and sat down in Sasami's
place. Silently the two Ryokos began to play. Time passed, the moon
moving steadily westward across the sky. Still she had gained neither
respite nor solution. 

"It almost worked this time," said the double, after a while.

"Yeah," agreed Ryoko.

"If only she hadn't barged in."

"Don't remind me."

"But I think he *liked* it," protested the double. "I'm *sure* he did.
Towards the end, he wasn't trying to get away at *all*! Once you were
done, he'd have let you stay. You could have talked to him. Told him
you love him. And he would have *listened*!"

"I *said*, don't remind me!" growled Ryoko.

"But what's it going to take to me him *see*?!" demanded the
duplicate.

"I don't know," Ryoko answered quietly.

The double sighed. "It would be so nice to be with him, instead of
being alone."

"As long as *she's* around, there's no way I'm ever going to get to
Tenchi," Ryoko muttered.

Her double nodded. "He's up there all by himself, when you'd do
*anything* for him, if you could only be with him. It really upsets
me."

"Same here. But what can I do about it?" asked Ryoko with a heavy
sigh.

"You could sneak into his room again," suggested the duplicate.

Ryoko shook her head. "Aeka's watching him like a hawk. She'd be in
there before I managed to get to first base, much less went all the
way. And Tenchi's mad at me right now, too."

Her duplicate's expression turned fierce. "Could you get rid of her,
then?" she asked, flexing her fingers. "She's waiting for you to go
after Tenchi. She won't be expecting you to go after *her*. She won't
be watching her back." Eyes blazed and fangs bared. "And she can't
stop you if she'd *dead*."

"That would only make Tenchi angrier. His heart would be closed to me
forever. And, well, I don't hate Aeka enough to do that, anyway."

"Really?" asked the double skeptically.

"I have to be honest with myself."

"Maybe if you let her have him first. I know it would hurt a lot, but
at least that way Tenchi would enjoy it..." Ryoko shot a dangerous
look at her duplicate. "Well, he might enjoy it a *little*. And
afterwards, she'd have to stand aside and let you have your turn. It
would probably make Tenchi less shy, too. He might finally let you
catch him."

"I've already tried that. Twice. It's always `Juraian traditions', and
`we're too young', and `I'm not a woman of loose morals.' There's no
convincing her. Until she lightens up, it's hopeless." Her brow
furrowed pensively, Ryoko continued to sit, staring at the chessboard,
lost in thought amidst the gloom. Minutes ticked by, then tens of
minutes, then hours. As the moon set the shadows deepened to fill the
room still further, like a rising black tide, until only starlight
shone through the window to glint on the metal chess pieces.

"Well, have you decided what your next move is yet?" 

"Uh-huh. It's a pretty desperate gamble but..." Ryoko picked up one of
the gold horsemen. With a trembling, hesitant hand, she moved it
across the board, knocking over the silver piece she captured. "Knight
takes Princess." In the murky darkness, her amber eyes glinted.
"Checkmate."


Preview of Next Episode: No Need for Daydreams and Preparations

"Tenchi-sama is right to be angry with you. I'm sure he hates you for
what you did, to him *and* to me. You certainly don't *deserve* to
have him speak to you. But I am prepared to be merciful," she said
haughtily, as if holding court. "So I will listen."

