Aikan Muyo
Chapter 1 - No Need For Fantasies

Story by Happosai (happosai@jps.net)
Pre-reading by Ryan Anderson
Web: http://ugrad-www.cs.colorado.edu/~andersor/fanfics/aikan/aikan.html

Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo and its characters are the property of AIC and
Pioneer. If any of their lawyers are reading this, please don't sue me.
Instead, pass my humble work on to the creative geniuses behind this my
favorite series, in the hope that they might actually like it.


     "Why should I escort you
      To your secret needs?
      Climbing up your ladder
      I keep falling down...

      Morning daydream, midnight fever,
      Morning daydream, midnight fever,
      Inhibitions keep you from your point of view,
      Information needing to confuse.
      In this situation I have found you,
      In the rhythm of
      Morning daydream, midnight fever,
      Morning daydream, midnight fever,
      Rhythm of love,
      Rhythm of love."
        -- "Rhythm of Love", Yes


"Jeez, will they ever lay off?" groaned Tenchi as he sat down on his bed
and put on his kimono. It seemed lately that his houseguests were giving
him no rest and even less privacy.

Yesterday morning, for instance, Washuu had insisted on trying to extract
something called an "inverse-astral post-coital emission sample," which
somehow entailed exactly the same thing as the last dozen or so "samples"
Washuu had tried to get from him. He'd escaped again, but barely. He knew
he'd have to take some very careful precautions, this morning, if he luck
was to hold out.

He was rather curious about the costumes, though. After apparently
becoming bored with the nurse's outfit, Washuu had tried a string of
others: schoolteacher, O.L., and a few Tenchi preferred not to remember.
It would be interesting to see what she'd come up with this morning, but
he wasn't sure if finding out was worth the risk.

Ryoko was, in her own way, even worse. At least he only really needed to
worry about Washuu when he visited her lab. Ryoko could turn up
*anywhere*. Especially when he was bathing, or using the toilet, or
undressing... Tenchi quickly glanced around the room and sighed with
relief on not seeing Ryoko's head poking out of the ceiling, the floor,
or one of the walls. Earlier that morning she'd popped up ("Ohayo,
Tenchi!") while he'd been urinating, resulting in him having to clean
both his pants and the bathroom floor.

And whenever Ryoko appeared, Aeka was sure to turn up momentarily, with
the usual apocalyptic results. At least she didn't sneak up on him and
grab him. She was much too shy and demure, too well-mannered and proper,
to do that. Well-mannered and proper, at least, until Ryoko made her
angry. Then her tongue turned acid, and the gentle princess' violence
matched that of the space pirate she hated so much.

Tenchi sighed, wondering why his life had to be so difficult. He walked
out of his bedroom, and closed the door behind him.

"Miya!" greeted Ryo-oh-ki, who'd been patiently waiting outside.

He bent down and petted the cabbit. "Ohayo, Ryo-oh-ki!"

"Miya!" she answered. Then she quickly hopped away at top speed, without
bothering to beg him for a carrot. Tenchi shrugged, then yawned and
stretched, looking forward to a nice soak in the tub to start his day.

Ryo-oh-ki scrambled frantically down the stairs and made her way towards
the women's bath. She leaped, smacked into the door, and leaped again,
phasing through it on the second try.

"Miya!!" announced the cabbit.

Aeka nodded. "They're by the towels."

Ryo-oh-ki bounded over to a pile of a dozen carrots and began eagerly
devouring them, while Aeka got up and moved towards the door. She opened
it carefully, and looked around. Then she slowly shut it.

But not quite all the way.

Tenchi walked downstairs groggily, still in the process of waking up.

"Ohayo, Tenchi!" greeted Sasami.

"Ohayo, Sasami-chan," replied Tenchi, yawning again. He sniffed the air.
"That smells good. What's for breakfast?"

"Nothing special, mostly," said the princess. Then she smiled. "But I
made the soup with Kyoto miso this morning, just for you!"

"Thanks, Sasami-chan!"

Now mostly awake, Tenchi headed towards the men's bath. When he got
there, he rubbed his eyes and opened the door, not noticing that it was
already ajar.

His eyes widened, and he froze.

The door had opened into the *women's* bath. Hadn't Washuu said that it
wasn't supposed to do that, when a man opened the door? For a moment he
considered checking to be sure he possessed all the requisite equipment.
But something else he saw grabbed his complete attention.

Aeka stood at the edge of the bath, her back to him, timidly dipping her
foot into the water to test the temperature.

Tenchi watched, knowing he shouldn't, but unable to stop himself.

Her face hidden from his view, Aeka smiled. She started to patiently undo
her obi.

Sweat beaded on Tenchi's brow.

Aeka hesitated for just a moment. She'd heard the door open, and it
hadn't shut yet. Any of the other girls would have come in by now. That
left only three possibilities. She hoped it wasn't Katsuhito. And she
really, really, *really* hoped it wasn't Nobuyuki. She reached up to the
neckline of her kimono, deciding to risk it.

Perspiration covered Tenchi's forehead and cheeks, and flowed down his
neck in miniature rivers.

The kimono started to come off, exposing Aeka's bare shoulders very
slowly.

Tenchi gulped and stood there, trembling.

Aeka pulled an arm out of the kimono and began sliding out of it,
providing him with a glimpse of her graceful form.

Blood trickled from Tenchi's nose, and he shut the door as swiftly and as
quietly as he could.

But not quietly enough. Hearing the door close again, Aeka sighed. Then
she frowned and stamped her foot. "Kuso!" she swore, frustrated. Shedding
her kimono completely, she slid into the water, her expression annoyed
and disappointed.

It took a few minutes for Tenchi to muster the courage to open the door
again. This time, it opened into the men's bath. Greatly relieved, he let
out his breath and went inside. He closed the door and filled the tub,
then got in.

As Tenchi sat in the hot water, he cursed at himself. What had he been
*thinking*, standing there watching Aeka? That was the kind of behavior
he expected from his *dad*, not himself! He was very glad the princess
apparently hadn't noticed him. If she had, she probably wouldn't have
spoken to him for at least a week, maybe even a month. And if someone
else had come across him, it would have looked like the whole thing had
been deliberately planned. He could never have lived it down.

Once he was finished, he went upstairs, got dressed, and came back down.
He headed into the kitchen, and saw that Sasami was just about done. She
turned and smiled at him.

"Oh, Tenchi, could you go tell Washuu that breakfast is ready?" she
asked.

Tenchi sweated, then steeled himself. "OK, Sasami, I'll get her." He
walked over towards the stairs, and slowly opened the door to Washuu's
lab. Before he went inside, he took off his slippers and placed them in
the door jamb so it wouldn't close all the way.

The lab's usual occupant was nowhere to be seen. 

"Uh, Washuu-chan, time for breakfast!" Tenchi announced nervously,
walking towards the console where she sat most often.

With no warning at all, a plush chair slid underneath him from behind,
knocking him off his feet. A seatbelt fastened around his waist by
itself. He grimaced and tugged at it desperately, but he couldn't open
it. 

Washuu stepped out of the shadows of her lab, wearing a tight, skimpy
stewardess uniform and an immense grin.

"Welcome aboard Air Washuu, the most scientifically-advanced airline in
the *universe*!"

"Hey! Let me out of this thing, Washuu!" he protested.

Washuu shook her head. A long metal appendage snaked out of nowhere and
firmly pressed a foam pad over Tenchi's mouth. "All passengers, please
remain quiet during the routine safety inspection."

Probes and scanners hovered around him, poking and prodding him while
emitting beeps and hums and glowing in various colors.

Washuu stood at her console, examining the displays. "Hmmm... astral
pattern, genetic pattern, alpha and beta wave profiles, parallel
dimensional pattern, hentai pattern..."

She frowned and kicked the console.

"Hentai pattern..."

The graph on the screen remained completely flat.

"Hentai pattern...!"

Still no blips.

Washuu shook her head and saved the scans. Then she stood in front of
Tenchi again. "Now, please pay close attention to the stewardess. Her
information will assure you a safe and pleasurable trip with Air Washuu!"

She waved a plastic-covered sheet of safety instructions, and Tenchi
swallowed nervously.

"In the event of an emergency, or whenever you feel like it, grab onto
your stewardess. She can be used as a floatation device. And for lots of
*other* things, too!"

Tenchi's eyes bulged in fear. The sweat covering his skin made him wish
he had time to take another bath. 

Washuu held up a respirator dangling from a hose, and placed it against
her face.

"Should you experience heavy breathing, an oxygen mask will drop from the
compartment above you. Place it over your face and keep doing whatever
you were doing."

Tenchi made loud "mmfff!!" noises as Washuu picked up a handful of glossy
brochures.

"If you'd like to sign up for our Mile High Club Frequent Flier Program,
your stewardess will be happy to give you the details, and anything
*else* you want. You can begin enjoying the membership benefits
immediately!"

Washuu stood directly in front of Tenchi, who squirmed and struggled
frantically, putting all his strength into a hopeless escape attempt.

"You'll be blasting off shortly, and rising to an altitude of about..."
she looked down between his legs "... sixteen centimeters. If you'd like
to have some refreshments, tell the stewardess. And if you'd like to have
the stewardess, don't hesitate to ask."

The muffling restraint over Tenchi's mouth was removed. Washuu took out a
notepad and pen, her broad smile flashing. 

"Coffee?" she asked.

"No," answered Tenchi.

"Tea?"

"No."

"Me?"

"No."

"New regulations require a sperm sample from all passengers prior to
departure." She grinned a very evil-looking grin. "Your stewardess will
be happy to extract the sample by whatever method you prefer."

"No!" argued Tenchi.

"Would you like me to take the sample manually?" she asked.

"No!!" he answered loudly, suddenly feeling a lot of sympathy for the
frog he'd dissected in biology class the previous week. His mind filled
with a vision of his penis floating in a jar of formaldehyde.

Washuu smiled. "Then you want me to do it orally?"

"No!!!" yelled Tenchi, swearing he'd never again enter Washuu's lab, no
matter what the reason.

"Alright, then!" shouted Washuu, starting to hike up her skirt. "The
first-class section mile-high club special -- full intercourse!"

"Tenchi!" called Sasami from the door. "Washuu! Aren't you going to come
eat? Breakfast is getting cold!"

Washuu blinked. "How was she able to open that?" she muttered to herself.

"Are these your slippers, Tenchi?" asked Sasami, holding them up.

"Yes, thank you!" he replied, sighing with relief. "Can you bring them
here, please?"

"Sure, Tenchi!" she answered cheerfully, walking over to him.

Washuu smirked and went over to her console. She typed for a second or
so, and the seatbelt around Tenchi's waist unfastened. The chair slid out
from underneath him and dumped him unceremoniously onto the floor.

He got up and beat a very hasty retreat out of the lab. Washuu sat down,
typing furiously.

"Won't you come eat breakfast with us, Washuu?" asked Sasami.

The scientist shook her head. "Sorry, but I've got a very important
experiment I need to have ready by tomorrow morning," she replied. "Can
you bring my breakfast down here?"

"Sure!" answered the princess, watching the displays. Diagrams of various
strangely-shaped objects flashed in rapid succession. "Hey, I know what
that is! I watch it all the time on TV!"

"You *do*?" asked Washuu, grinning fiendishly as she worked.

"Uh-huh. It's really cool! Can I watch your experiment while I eat
breakfast?"

"If you want," Washuu replied, as she entered the simplest of the
necessary equations. It had only 2,037 different variables, so she really
didn't need a computer to solve it, but she wanted to be thorough this
time.

"Thanks! I'll be right back!" promised Sasami, skipping towards the door
and humming a tune. When she reached the threshold, she finished her song
and struck a strange pose. Then she continued out. As she went into the
kitchen, Tenchi and Nobuyuki were standing in the living room, arguing.

"I *mean* it, dad!" said Tenchi angrily.

"But, Tenchi, she's our guest! You can't be rude to her like that!"
protested Nobuyuki.

"Dad, she tries this every morning. It's scaring the hell out of me!"

Nobuyuki shook his head sadly. "Your mother would be really ashamed of
you, Tenchi, to see how you're so shy around women."

"That's not the point! Just because she's a girl doesn't mean I have to
let her make me into a lab rat!"

"I think you're overreacting."

"Oh, really? Alright, from now on, *you* go tell her when breakfast is
ready."

Nobuyuki smiled. "OK, I will. *I'm* not afraid of the ladies, like my
poor son is. Maybe you'll learn a valuable lesson from this."

"Yeah, right," muttered Tenchi, as his dad went out the front door. As he
went into the kitchen, Sasami passed him, carrying a tray, and headed
towards the lab. His mind wandering a bit, Tenchi sat down at the table.

"Ohayo, Tenchi!" greeted two voices. He looked around, and stifled a
groan.

It was just him, Ryoko, and Aeka. And that meant that breakfast was
almost certainly going to involve an argument, perhaps even turn into a
violent confrontation.

"Ohayo," he replied nervously.

Tenchi sipping his miso soup in silence, still tense from his brief trip
with Air Washuu. And, well aware of who was at the table with him, he
made sure to be constantly ready to dodge, duck, or run. If Sasami hadn't
reminded him earlier, he wouldn't have noticed that she'd used his
favorite kind of miso -- Kyoto, the white, sweet kind. Across from him,
Aeka and Ryoko sat, picking at their food and watching him.

After a while, Ryoko stared at him. She pursed her lips for a moment,
kissing the air. Then she picked up her chopsticks and licked them before
laying them back down across her rice bowl.

Tenchi winced at the angry look Aeka gave Ryoko. Ignoring them, he
finished his soup.

Ryoko grasped one of her chopsticks and licked it again. She let out a
long, seductive "Mmmmm....." as she slid it partway into her mouth. She
began sucking on it noisily, her lips slowly moving up and down its
length. During all of this, her eyes never left Tenchi, promising,
pleading, and he couldn't tear his gaze away.

Aeka ground her teeth and glared at her. Ryoko's lips curved into a
smile, the chopstick still held firmly between them, as she began to moan
around the shaft of slick, lacquered wood.

Tenchi blushed and sweated, still unable to avert his eyes.

Furious, Aeka smashed her fist down on the table, making all of the
dishes bounce and spilling drops of soup and grains of rice from the
bowls.

Ryoko stifled a laugh, almost as pleased with Aeka's reaction as she was
with Tenchi's. She looked down at the soup that had splashed out of her
bowl, and another idea occurred to her. Tenchi sighed with relief as she
put the chopstick down on her rice bowl again. She looked over at Aeka,
grinned for moment, and picked up her soup bowl.

Ryoko brought it up to her mouth, and took a small sip. She lowered the
bowl, and she and Tenchi watched each other as she let a few white pearls
of soup trickle out of the corner of her mouth. She allowed them to
dribble almost down to her chin before her pink tongue snaked out and
caught them. She ran her tongue around her lips, and let out another
sultry "Mmmmm..."

Next to her, Aeka clenched her fists.

Tenchi just sat there, catatonic, wishing Sasami had used Tohoku or
Hatchou or *any* other kind of miso, except Kyoto.

Smiling, Ryoko brought the bowl up again, and lapped at it like a kitten
drinking cream, her eyes still watching Tenchi, still promising, still
pleading.

Aeka growled under her breath.

Ryoko slurped at the soup until most of it was gone. Then she tilted back
the bowl, drained it, and set it down. For a few moments she eyed Tenchi
in total silence. Then she swallowed her mouthful of soup in a
deliberately-loud gulp. She licked the remaining traces of white liquid
from her lips, sighing happily as she watched a thin stream of blood
trickle out of Tenchi's nose. She raised an eyebrow for a moment, her
face asking him for a further reply. She put her elbow on the table and
rested her chin on her hand, holding the little finger up to emphasize
the subject of her question. The only answer was an increase in the
volume of Tenchi's nosebleed. Ryoko winked at him once, kissed the air
again, grinned, then fixed him with an unblinking stare while she wagged
the finger back and forth slowly.

Aeka snatched Ryoko's bowl of rice out from in front of her. She grabbed
the chopsticks, stabbed them vertically into the rice, and slammed it
back down before Ryoko as if it were an offering to the deceased.

Ryoko smirked for a moment at the implied threat, then took the
chopsticks. One by one, she picked up four pieces of fish from the
serving plate, like a priest handling the bones of the dead, and set them
down on top of Aeka's rice.

Aeka's hands squeezed tighter and tighter until her chopsticks snapped.
"*Really*, Ryoko, you have such *disgusting* table manners!"

Ryoko blinked. "What, aren't I allowed to enjoy my breakfast?" she asked
innocently.

"You shouldn't play with your food like that," spat Aeka. "It's a very
childish habit."

"I wasn't playing with my *food*," answered Ryoko slyly.

Aeka shook her head and resumed eating.

Smiling, Ryoko picked up one of her chopsticks again, and placed the tip
between her lips. Her tongue flicked playfully around it. Tenchi watched,
mesmerized, and the blood flowed out of his nostrils even faster.

Then Ryoko grinned, exposing sharp, gleaming fangs on either side of the
chopstick as she pushed it into her mouth.

Tenchi cringed and suddenly became very interested in his rice.

Ryoko's face looked extremely hurt. She hung her head sadly and her
posture wilted like a deflating balloon while, next to her, Aeka laughed.
Tenchi had seemed almost about to respond, and for some reason Ryoko
couldn't fathom, he'd backed away at the last moment. She set the
chopstick down and vanished into thin air. She wasn't feeling very hungry
anymore.

Aeka smiled. Finally, she was alone with Tenchi.

"Hi, Aeka! Hi, Tenchi! How was breakfast?" asked her sister as she sat
down.

"I thought you were in the lab with Washuu," sighed Aeka.

"I was. But then she said she needed to work on the super-secret part of
her experiment, so I had to go."

Aeka got up. She wasn't feeling very hungry anymore, either, and she
walked out of the kitchen.

Tenchi's day at school passed uneventfully. When he returned home, Aeka
and Ryoko met him on the path, as usual. And as usual, most of his walk
to the house was spent cringing between the two girl's angry glares. His
dad called to explain that he'd be working late, again, and to save
dinner for him. 

The meal passed more or less uneventfully. Towards its end, Ryoko managed
to catch his attention. She blew a kiss to him, and winked. Aeka fixed
her with a withering stare, and Ryoko giggled and vanished. Tenchi
breathed a sigh of relief, happy that dinner wasn't going to be
interrupted by explosions, as he'd feared it would be for a moment.

Afterwards, Tenchi started looking around for his copy of The Book of
Five Rings. Katsuhito had reminded him to read certain passages, as part
of his training. But Tenchi couldn't find it anywhere. He was just about
to give up when he noticed Aeka sitting on the sofa, holding the object
of his search.

"Is this your book, Tenchi-sama?" asked Aeka, as he sat down at the other
end of the couch.

Tenchi smiled. "Yes, I was looking for that. I must have left it down
here yesterday."

Aeka handed it over to him, holding a place open with her thumb. Tenchi
accepted it, and for just a moment he felt the warm touch of her fingers.

"Were you reading this, Aeka-sama?" he asked. She nodded shyly. "Even
though jiichan tells me to study it, sometimes I think Miyamoto Musashi
is just a little outdated."

"Oh, no, Tenchi-sama! He says some very interesting things," said Aeka.
"You should listen to your grandfather."

He smiled. It was just like Aeka to show respect for something
traditional. He started silently reading the page she had it open to,
somewhere in the Earth Scroll.

"One virtue of the bow is that you can see the trail of arrows you shoot,
which is good. An inadequacy of the gun is that the path of the bullets
cannot be seen. This should be given careful consideration. As for
horses, it is essential for them to have powerful stamina and not be
temperamental. Speaking in general terms of the tools of the warrior,
one's bow and gun should be strong and accurate, one's horse should
stride grandly, one's long and short swords should cut grandly, and..."

Tenchi's eyebrow arched.

"One's spear should penetrate grandly," the wise ronin had written, four
centuries earlier.

For a moment, Tenchi wondered if those were the words Aeka had found
interesting.

Next to him, she smiled and demurely fluttered her lashes. But Tenchi
didn't notice. He was angry with himself for thinking such a thing about
her, feeling ashamed at what she'd say if she knew the path his mind had
taken.

Suddenly, he felt hot air on his skin as a seductive voice breathed in
his ear.

"There's some wonderful music I'd like to play for you, Tenchi,"
whispered Ryoko lustfully.

He turned his head, sweating.

Ryoko floated horizontally at the same level as his head, smiling at him.
The neckline of her blouse left very little to the imagination. Her lips
hovered only inches away. She brought her hand towards his chin and
slowly moved closer, puckering up for a kiss.

Aeka rose angrily and cleared her throat, furious both at Ryoko having
interrupted a private moment with Tenchi, and what the pirate was now
attempting.

"Get away from him, you... you *THIEF*!" spat the princess. She grabbed
Tenchi's arm, and yanked him away. "Won't you ever leave poor Tenchi-sama
alone?"

Ryoko stopped and sighed. "Oh, I'm *sorry*, your highness!" she replied
sarcastically. "Is he Jurai royal family territory?"

"That's not what I meant!" retorted Aeka, holding Tenchi's arm even
tighter. "You're a guest here. Why don't you behave like it, for once?"

"Is your throne around here someplace, princess?" asked Ryoko, looking
side to side curiously. "I don't *see* it anywhere." She smiled. "I can
talk to Tenchi anytime I want to."

"When will you cease trying to lay claim to everything you set your
greedy eyes on?" Aeka demanded angrily, pulling Tenchi away.

"Ha! You should *talk*!" laughed Ryoko, snatching his other arm.

Both girls snarled at each other, a spark of energy flashing between them
as their tempers rose.

Sweat drenched Tenchi as he cringed in fear. Getting caught in the middle
of a fight between the two of them had great potential for pain and
injury. "Will you two please stop it?! I've told you before, no fighting!
Especially in the *house*!"

Slowly they backed down.

Tenchi sighed with relief. "And will you *both* let go of me?"

Reluctantly, they complied. He got up from the couch and walked upstairs,
feeling very annoyed with them.

"See what you did?" accused Ryoko.

"What *I* did? It's *your* fault that Tenchi-sama is always so troubled!"
retorted Aeka, getting up.

Ryoko glared at her with cat-like eyes, the twitching of her tail
emphasizing her annoyance.

"I ought to talk to Washuu about getting you *spayed*," muttered Aeka
under her breath, as she walked off towards the kitchen.

"What was that?!" demanded Ryoko.

"Oh, nothing," replied Aeka.

Upstairs, Tenchi closed the door behind him. He pushed a button on his CD
player, and the disc -- "Room Service", by Ai Orikasa -- began to play
softly. He turned up the volume a bit. Then he lay wearily down on his
bed. He looked over, and noticed something on the pillow, next to his
head. He picked it up and examined it. The object, which had a lock of
cyan hair tied around it, was a shakuhachi -- a bamboo flute.

But "shakuhachi" was also a slang term that Tenchi had heard the guys at
school use, and he blushed, remembering what it meant. 

Even if he hadn't known, the message intended by the trace of lipstick
smeared on one end of it was rather obvious. He blushed an even-brighter
red, and sweated profusely.

And, a few seconds later, he recalled, vividly, the words Ryoko had
whispered to him downstairs. Suddenly his mouth went dry, and his face
felt very, very hot.

For a moment he asked himself why he should refuse such a blatant offer
from her. He didn't doubt for a moment that he'd enjoy it. And she was,
after all, quite pretty. No, more than that. With one possible exception,
she was the most beautiful girl he'd ever met.

Unfortunately, she was by far, without *any* exception, the most
terrifying person he'd known in his entire life. Months had passed, and
he *still* had nightmares of her chasing him and Mihoshi along the path
from his grandfather's shrine. And sometimes the endings of those dreams
were much worse than what had actually happened.

Tenchi sighed, holding the flute in his hand and thinking back to
breakfast. For just a few moments he pictured Ryoko sucking on something
besides the chopstick. But then he remembered her teeth, suited perfectly
for tearing into helpless meat, and his imagination decided it wasn't
safe to continue.

His mind wandered to Aeka slowly removing her kimono as she stood in the
women's bath. But immediately he felt ashamed for having unwittingly
spied on her, and for having such thoughts about the shy, regal princess.
His conscience forced him to halt, berating him for wanting to have gone
on.

He really wished he had just a bit more courage in the matter, because
his thoughts had left him with an erection that wouldn't go away. And he
couldn't bring himself to think any further about who had caused it.
Either of them. Even though one of them had made it quite clear, twice
just that day, that she'd happily banish it for him, and let him know
exactly how she would.

He wished Ryoko wouldn't scare him quite so much.

He wished Aeka wouldn't seem quite so unreachable.

He wished that the feelings they professed to have for him actually did
exist.

He wished they'd stop fighting and hurting each other because of him.

*Don't be a baka, Tenchi. None of those will ever happen.*

He listened to the first two tracks of the CD, and his hard-on persisted.
The third song, Hatsukoi no Aji, began. With a heavy sigh, Tenchi grabbed
a box of tissues and started to masturbate, letting his mind drift. As it
did, it encountered memories, the way a ship might strike icebergs in a
foggy sea.

Tenchi remembered...

Ryoko lying in his arms, looking up at him.

But then she'd lied to him, plunged him into her conflict with Mihoshi,
and finally chased him and the officer down the path from his
grandfathers shrine, making him believe she intended to kill him.

Ryoko whispering in his ear, once the chase was over.

"You were so wonderful when you first saved me, so valiant and brave."

But then she'd invaded his home and disrupted his life, even though now,
months later, it didn't seem *quite* so bad.

Aeka falling, lovely and delicate, against his chest, then raising her
face to gaze into his eyes.

But then, when her sense of honor and dignity had been offended, when her
lofty perception of him had been shattered...

"Tenchi-sama, there is nothing left for me to believe in. Well, if that's
the case -- we *DIE*!"

Being the object of lustful thoughts would be every bit as repulsive to
Aeka, if not more so, Tenchi knew.

Wouldn't it?

Ryoko's voice behind him in the cave.

"This place is nice and private. Nobody will bother us *here*. Look at
me, Tenchi."

But he hadn't wanted to look, any more than any other frightened,
helpless prey would want to gaze into the feline eyes and sharp jaws of
the feral huntress who'd dragged them screaming into her lair to be
consumed.

Ryoko standing naked in front of him in the women's bath.

"Ah! Well, it's you, Tenchi. Hey, I'll wash your back, and you'll wash
mine. Deal?"

But he could never have agreed to so direct an offer, especially with so
many other people around.

Aeka sliding out of her kimono as he watched her through the door of the
baths.

But he should never have been there, never have seen her that way, and if
she even *suspected* he'd been watching, he was sure she'd never speak a
word to him again.

Ryoko's tongue flicking playfully along the tip of her chopstick.

Too blatant, too aggressive, not to be trusted.

Aeka's hands, warm and soft against his fingers.

Too pure, too pristine, not to be sullied.

Ryoko's voice, soft and sensuous, as her lips moved closer and closer to
his.

"There's some wonderful music I'd like to play for you, Tenchi."

Too... what?

Too *what*?!?!

Too... too... too...

Too *something*.

Aeka's gentle voice, coming from the other side of his bedroom door.

"Tenchi-sama, I thought you'd like some tea."

Too innocent, too regal, not to be dragged down from the pedestal.

Engrossed in his warring thoughts, Tenchi didn't hear the soft knock at
the door, nor the hiss of wood on wood as Aeka slid the door open and
stepped in and froze in shock.

Tenchi lay naked on his bed, eyes shut, stroking his stiff penis in his
hand while "Anata ni Naisho" played loudly on the stereo.

Aeka blushed deep pink, then scarlet, then purple. "Tenchi-sama...!" she
gasped under her breath, unable to tear her eyes away. Slowly she set the
cup of steaming tea down on Tenchi's desk and continued to watch as if
hypnotized.

"Wow, look at him go!" said Ryoko softly. Aeka cringed and looked to her
left where the hated voice had come from. Ryoko's cyan-tressed head
protruded through the door. With a rush Ryoko swooped through the door
towards Tenchi. Desperately Aeka grabbed for her and managed to drag her
out of the room by her hair. Quickly and quietly she shut the door as
Tenchi continued, oblivious to their intrusion.

Her mind raging, Aeka hauled Ryoko outside to have a private argument.
She had no intention of embarrassing herself in front of the other girls.
Stopping in a clearing, Aeka let go of Ryoko's hair and opened her mouth
to speak.

But Ryoko spoke first. "So, is that the first time you've seen it?" she
asked with a conspiratorial wink.

"S-s-seen what?" stammered Aeka, looking away and twiddling her fingers.

"*I've* seen it before. Lots of times. Just this morning, as a matter of
fact," mused Ryoko dreamily. She grinned. "And I know *exactly* what he
was fantasizing about me doing..."

Then she sighed, feeling very hurt that Tenchi seemed to prefer imagining
it to experiencing it. She didn't think he'd failed to understand her
hints. How much more blatant could she *be*? What did she have to do --
sneak into his bed and hold him down?

Aeka gritted her teeth. "What do you mean, *you*?" she demanded shrilly.
"Tenchi-sama wouldn't be interested in a bimbo demon-woman like you!"

"Better me than a flat-chested frigid princess I could name," growled
Ryoko, thrusting her chest in Aeka's direction. "I hear they're doing
wonders with implants these days, though."

"More than a handful is a tongue-sprainer... uh, I mean, don't change the
subject! I won't have you spying on Tenchi-sama!"

"You went in first."

"That's not the point! It's not right to intrude on Tenchi-sama when
he's... he's..."

"Masturbating?" finished Ryoko. "Jacking off? Beating his meat? Dreaming
of having intense passionate sex all night long with his true love the
space pirate Ryoko whom he insatiably lusts after?"

"No! I mean, yes! I mean..."

"You know, I meant what I said that time -- about letting you go first.
Care to take me up on it?"

Aeka blushed again. "N-n-no, it's not right. Tenchi-sama and I aren't
ready for that, yet. There are... Juraian customs and ceremonies to be
seen to, and we're much too young, and..."

"ARGHHH!!! WHAT IS IT WITH YOU?!?!" snarled Ryoko. "You don't need all
that! At least, *I* don't. What's wrong with wanting to sleep in the arms
of the man you love? Next you'll be saying he has to undergo some kind of
'Jurai Royal Family Bridegroom Training', or something." Aeka gulped,
cringed, and looked away for a moment. When she turned back, Ryoko had
moved much, much closer. 

"Is it that you're afraid of doing it with a man?" Ryoko asked, her voice
low and sultry. She gently brought her hand to rest on Aeka's thigh,
while her lips moved past Aeka's face to whisper in her ear. "Is *that*
the kind of girl you are, little princess?" Aeka shivered as a wild
ripple of fear and... something else... ran through her, then backed up
nervous and sweating as Ryoko laughed. She paused to gather up her
resolve, then glared and pointed an accusing finger at Ryoko. 

"If you *really* loved Tenchi, you'd be willing to wait until the time
was right."

"And if *you* loved Tenchi, you wouldn't want to leave him alone with
just his hand." 

"Slut!" 

"Pricktease!"

Tenchi sneezed and shot his load into the wad of tissue, then rested
briefly before getting up and depositing it in the waste basket. As he
went back to his bed, his ear caught the sound of a distant explosion. 

Dreading what he'd find, Tenchi looked out the window. As expected,
bright flashes of red and blue lit the forest at irregular intervals,
each followed by a faint boom or crash a few seconds later. "They're at
it *again*! Don't they ever stop?"

With an exasperated shake of his head, Tenchi picked up the cup of tea on
his desk, sat down in the chair, and began to sip. Then he paused and
frowned for a moment. "How did this get here?" he wondered out loud. "Oh,
well, it doesn't matter." 

A very bright red flash came from the woods, followed by a loud "BOOM!"
and what sounded like a tree falling. Several bursts of blue glare and
cracks like thunder answered in rapid succession. Glancing over his
shoulder at the window for a moment, he turned back to his desk and
picked up a daruma doll.

"Might as well do this now, while I'm thinking about it." 

He put another CD into the stereo. The sound of Namie Amuro's "Don't
Wanna Cry" in the foreground masked the distant explosions from the woods
just a little. Then he opened a bottle of black paint, picked up a brush,
and patiently filled in one of the eyes of the doll. When it was done, he
set it back on his desk, next to a stack of videotapes and some course
catalogs for various universities. 

Shiga Polytechnic, since he'd always liked the area around Lake Biwa.
Tokyo Metropolitan, just for the heck of it. And the Nekomi Institute of
Technology. He'd heard they had an interesting car club.

He finished the tea, turned out the light, and lay down to sleep. As he
drifted off, the sounds of battle continued unabated.

He dreamt of her. But he wasn't sure which one.


Preview of Next Chapter: No Need For Breakfast

The birds outside sang to greet the warm sun as its rays streamed down
through the window above Tenchi's bed. But even as the dawn shed a
friendly glow, a sinister shadow lurked and watched. With swift,
predatory grace the dark menacing shape drew nearer. Unsuspecting, Tenchi
slept on. The hunter rose, preparing to strike, and gazed down at him
with hungry yellow eyes.
