            Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi or any rights to write this
fic, but I did it anyway.

Please don't sue me. You wouldn't get much. I don't think I even hold
the rights to the

plot of this fic, but please don't steal any plotpoints from me. I like
my story original. If

you get lost, there are notes at the bottom, after this part.

All I Ask Of You

Part I: Love Me

            He sat in the shadows. The long grass (having been touched
never by a machine

of any sort to keep tight length for belief of leaving nature
untouched,) bent and waved in

the evening breeze. He’d been there, alone, sitting, for about a half
hour, watching her.

Witnessing what every male feels should be a crime not left unpunished
when it’s just

absolutely perfect: natural beauty. Of course, few humanoid-types ever
see true beauty.

Yet, on the rare occasion that one does, the results can be
indescribable, even by his few

words. ‘God, she’s gorgeous. Even more than last night,' A sharp stab of
guilt crawled its

way up his spine at the thought of having followed her out into the
clear orb of the

nocturnal world every night for the past week or so. 'I just can't
understand why I never

saw her this way before!’ He was thinking of all the times he’d ignored
her or pushed her

away from him. With all his heart and soul, he was regretting every
single one. “Ryoko, I

love you,” he whispered. No one heard it. If only she had. He closed his
eyes and slowly,

ever so slowly, lay his head back, to feel the soft breeze caress his
face and whisper

through his dark hair, dappled with silver moonlight. Deep in his heart,
he knew it. He

did. But not another soul carried this knowledge that was worthless to
the world, for it

had not been spoken. He wished, though wishes had been taken lightly his
whole life, that

she knew. Maybe she did. To himself, he thought, ‘I just wish you knew
how much.’ He

looked at her again, completely drunk on and overthrown in her beauty.

            Ryoko was standing on the roof of the Masaki house, the
house she'd come to

know as home, in a loose robe, her bare feet gripping the red shingles
gently, warming

them slightly. The robe she sported was deep navy blue with a pattern of
cherry

blossoms, floating on an invisible breeze, frozen in time and silk. All
the different shades

of pink, maroon, and mauve danced across the dark surface of it. Her
favorite robe. Her

favorite flower. The time-polished, glistening topazes that were her
eyes were turned up

to the moon, her smoothly tanned skin drinking in as much of the cool,
silver light as it

could. Her stunningly cyan hair was blown back from her face, what
amounts of it that

had dried. It lay flat during the day, sometimes braided by Sasami who
just loved to style

it with gold ribbons, to clash charmingly with the silver-cyan of it.
She’d grown it down

to her ankles, thanks to a quick visit to her mother’s lab, and it was
now too long and

heavy to spike in the way she used to. It looked to the young man as
though she were

trailing a river behind her, the moon-bleached locks weaving in an
endless dance on the

wind.

            The robe she wore glided around her as the breeze grew a
little more, only a little.

The soft, velvet lining tickled her calves as it brushed against her and
the breeze cooled

her body as it found its way into the folds of her garment. She’d taken
a bath less than an

hour before and had been up there since. It was a warm, summer night
with a slightly

cooler breeze. The moon would be full the following night. That was her
stargazing

night, since the moon set early. And even though she loved those nights,
tonight was a

moon night. Nights like these were endless for her. Nights when she
could stand alone

and think.

            Think of her mother and how they’d both finally escaped
Kagato and that past life

of torment. Think of what games she’d play with Sasami the next day
after the little

princess gave her another hour-long cooking lesson. Think of what she
could tease Ayeka

about playfully and add to her list of teasers. But mostly, she could
think of him. Her last

chance at life. She wondered if he’d ever know how she needed and loved
him. How she

truly felt was that she absolutely could not live with herself if he
ever chose anyone else.

But she had a plan. She never liked thinking of it, but figured a long
time ago that it was

the only thing she’d be able to do to keep the pain away in case he
never chose her. Just

in case...

            Ryoko mentally shook herself. Tears clear as crystal had
begun falling from the

 golden depths of her eyes and crashing on the ruby roof. Now was not
the time to think

of The Plan. She went back to concentrating on the moon and it’s
intoxicating

lumination. She needed moonlight to explore her soul. And out here, the
sky was so clear,

even stars, so far away they were pinpoints, could be seen clearly. As
the silver orb

started on its unstoppable sinking to the horizon, she bowed her
gorgeous head, moved

her soft lips in a last whisper of his name, and phased through the roof
back into her

room.

            Tenchi sat a moment longer, having burned her image into his
mind’s eye. What

was he going to do now? He knew he would never get to sleep after that.
A shuffling

noise behind him made him leap to his feet and ignite the burning blue
blade of the

Tenchi-Ken all in one smooth, flowing movement of his trained nerves and
muscles.

“Tenchi, dear, what are you doing out here so late?” She sounded as if
she knew the

answer and was waiting for him to know. “Washu,” Tenchi sighed with
great relief and

extinguised the weapon. The little girl smiled a very knowing smile at
him. “You were

watching her again, huh?” Tenchi blushed a deep crimson. “Um, yeah.
Don’t tell her,

Washu. Please.” Now she looked pouty and suspicious. “Why not?” Tenchi
glanced

quickly back toward the house. “I like watching her like this,” he said,
hoping not to

sound perversed. “She’s so beautiful. And she seems so natural when
she’s up there.

Compared to the usual way she is.”

            He sighed and con tinued with his head down, as if his feet
wanted to get in on the

conversation. “If she knew, she’d probably either stop standing up there
or get mad at me

for spying on her. Not that I am,” he added quicker than he probably
should have. “I just

wanted to know what she was up to and I couldn’t help following her out
here for the last

few nights.” Washu nodded her red-rimmed head and said, rather
seriously, “I’m sure

you couldn’t have helped it. But I think you ought to tell her how you
feel about her.”

            Tenchi’s eyes widened for a moment. “How did you know,
Washu?” She giggled

slightly. Like a little girl, which she’d happened to take the form of
on a normal basis.

“I’m a mother, Tenchi. We know these things. Especially me. And yes, she
feels the same

way about you. I shouldn’t tell you this when you could just ask her,
but if you’d really

like to know, I’ve been monitoring her thoughts and I discovered
something that may

come as quite a shock, Tenchi. She really is not as vile, loud, or
exhibiting as everyone

makes her out to be. The only two reasons she started acting that way in
the first place

were, one, because she needed a cover-up for her true feelings. (I
really don’t think it is

possible for anyone to know how much pain she endured whilst under
Kagato’s control.)

And, two, because she thought you were like most guys who enjoy that
sort of thing.”

            “Well, I’m not,” Tenchi said, very quietly. Washu looked at
him as though she’d

counted on him saying that. “I know you’re not, Tenchi. And, I figure I
might as well tell

you sooner rather than later, but she knows it too, now. You see, and I
feel guilty beyond

belief, but while you were in my lab yesterday, I created a mental link
with you, a one-

way link at that, and read your personality traits. Her link, sorry to
say, opened just as I

got to your thoughts about women. She read it too, very unwillingly, I
might add, and

figured that was why you pushed her away. Now she won’t talk to you the
old way

because what I read was quite surprising, even to me.”

            She checked his expression before continuing, just to make
sure she hadn’t lost

him. He had an eager look about his face. “Now, Tenchi,” she said
quietly, as though the

trees would gossip. “I know you think the opposite on a more shallow
layer of

brainwaves, but the truth in your head is that you love women of gentle,
frail stature. Like

Ayeka.” She stated the last two words barely above a whisper, and very
hesitantly.

            Tenchi was hit with it like the proverbial ton of bricks.
“What? Ayeka? Washu,

that has to be wrong. I love Ryoko. I know it now.” To himself, he
thought, ‘I think.’

Washu burst that thought with a rather sharp exclamation. “That’s not
what your mind is

telling you. You’re not thinking deep enough right now. I know you think
you love

Ryoko, but the section of your mind that tells what you want in a woman
describes

Ayeka perfectly.” It seemed as though Washu felt sad that things were,
apparently, as

they were. “Washu, I’m afraid you’re wrong. I know what’s in my heart. I
love Ryoko,”

his voice grew stubborn, “and your science can’t prove any different!”
This last

expression hung in the air. Washu knew ‘her science’ really had proved
different. This

idiot just wouldn’t know. Tears welled up in her eyes. “Fine, Tenchi!
Believe what you

want, but she won’t until you tell her.”

            With that out and expressed, Washu went back to the house,
back to her secluded

lab, leaving Tenchi on a million-mile guilt trip. He’d just insulted the
thing that meant the

most to her. And he just couldn’t get her words out of his head. “You
love women…like

Ayeka.” That’s why Ryoko hadn’t glomped him for a morning kiss today.
And why she

hadn’t looked at him with the old spark in her eyes. His mind swimming
with the

conversation of the last five minutes, he went back into his house.

            As he quietly shuffled past Ryoko’s room, he had to fight a
terrible urge to go in

and tell her how he felt, how Washu was wrong, and see if maybe she’d
let him prove

how he felt. Dear God, how he wanted to prove it to her. In more ways
than one. He ran

his tongue over his lips, longing to taste her and leave a kiss with
her, and continued,

overwhelmingly put-out, to his room. He threw the Tenchi-Ken onto his
floor and fell

down on his bed. Slowly, he drifted into a deep sleep, wishing he could
love her. Wishing

Washu was wrong. Wishing… Wishing… Wishing…

            As Ryoko changed into her favorite pajamas, which happened
to be one of

Tenchi’s black t-shirts and a pair of his boxers, she simply thought.
Not like on the roof,

but still thinking. First, she had a soft, flowing thought of how
comfortable his clothes

were. His shirts were so much softer across her bare chest and back than
any of the ones

she herself owned. The white boxers were tight enough around her hips to
keep from

falling, but loose enough that they didn’t chafe her. She always thought
it a little funny,

though, how guys’ boxers always had the whole in the front. She giggled
quietly to

herself, knowing she should be decent about it, but not able to control
the girly bubbling.

            Next, after she calmed herself, she thought of how good he
smelled. She wrapped

her arms around herself and relished the wave of scent surrounding her
that came from

his clothes. “Mmm…Tenchi, you smell so good,” she exclaimed to herself,
putting both

hands over her mouth to stop the giggles. She absolutely loved it all.
The scent of Tenchi

and herself mixed. She loved it more than Saké. More than moonlight.
More than stars. It

was the world for her. She giggled again at the warm feeling that came
from her when

she thought of him. And the late afterthought, ‘I wonder how you taste,
Tenchi?’ To

herself, through giggles, she said, “I really should find out. Maybe
I’ll have Washu lure

him into a trap for me. Naw, better be nice to him.” She giggled yet
again and sighed, not

being able to deny her wild tendencies.

            After that, she thought of the yesterday, when she’d found
out what he really liked

in a girl and a wave of sadness came over her. She knew the description
fit Ayeka and

that she’d made the promise to herself that if he picked someone else
she would…but he

hadn’t picked someone else. He couldn’t. He’d have to tell her first.
She knew he would

tell her first who he chose. But he hadn’t told her so he hadn’t chosen.
His brain had

simply stated what he liked in a girl. It was all she would have to be
and more. She knew

she’d have to change for him. After all, he was her last chance to live.
If he didn’t like her

one way, she’d act the other. But it was so hard. So hard to change for
someone else.

“It’s a challenge I look forward to,” she said to herself and stood up
proudly, her right fist

resting in her left hand. There she kept hitting her palm like she meant
business.

            And just the mere fact that he liked the other girlish
traits made it even harder.

She knew deep down that he didn’t love her like this. His mind had been
stated clearly.

But she willed herself to believe she could change for him. She had to.
“The rest of my

life depends on changing. I will go through with My Plan if he chooses
her.” She sighed

and layed under her blankets. ‘Why the hell am I thinking of…’ she
yawned and turned

over.

            Slowly she went to sleep, thinking of all of the girls in
the house as a ratio. ‘Oh,

God, I’m thinking! Yeesh! Well, like mother, like daughter.’ This ratio
gave out her

chances. ‘Let’s see there’s Ayeka, Mihoshi, Washu, Sasami, and me. I
have a 1 in 5

chance of getting Tenchi to choose me.’ That was 20%. Less than she
liked. She hated

the odds. ‘Screw the odds,’ she thought as she yawned again. The last
thought that crept

through her mind before the peaceful world of sleep absorbed her
beautiful body and soul

was, ‘Tenchi. Please love me. I love you so very very much.’

************************************************************************

            NOTES FOR AFTER READING IN CASE YOU'RE LOST: This is an OVA

based fic, so there's no Kiyone, Mayuka (I don't care much for this
character's connection

with the OVAs, 'cause the movie came out AFTER the 13 episodes), Sakuya,
Haruna,

Achika, Kain, etc. There're only the characters mentioned in the OVA
series. Yes, I know

Kiyone was, but only in the Mihoshi special, so there's no real space
for her character in

my story. Sorry, Kiyone fans. I do not believe in horribly bashing a
character, because, to

tell the honest truth, I like them all, even Ayeka. But take note that
Ryoko is my favorite.

At points in this story, Mihoshi acts a little blonde, as usual. Don't
get the idea, Mihoshi

fans, that I think she is stupid. On the contrary, she's one of my more
favorite characters.

I wouldn't dream of making fun of her. Tenchi acts quite out of
character in this story.

Take heed that this is how I wanted this fic to go, so if you have
problems, I don't mind

the flames in the feedback. On that note, please give me feedback, good
or bad, so I know

whether to submit the remaining chapters of my story. Yes, I have
already written the

majority of it, but I want to know what people think first. Tsunami acts
very different

from the OVA character we see a couple of times. She explains why
herself, at some

point of other. This first chapter may be quite boring, but the plot
WILL escalate, I

promise. I plan to write this series first, then a prologue series, (The
prologue will be a

collection of "Thoughts" from each of the characters to describe why
some things in this

story are apparently the way they are), then a follow-up series to this
one, and maybe, if

feedback is good, more follow-ups after that. Some parts of this story,
mostly dealing

with the Light Hawk Wings, Ryoko's power, assimilations, and the ship,
Tsunami, are

based on assumptions. They may not really be what goes on. Take note
that this is a love

story. Tenchi chooses, though when, I'm not too sure. It may not be in
this series. This

series is in the lemon section, only for cursing and hinting at adult
situations. There's

nothing hard core, but some of the characters hint at sex. I don't
believe in writing

pointless lemons where all there is is sex. THIS STORY HAS A PLOT! Even
if it's not

too good to some people. Well, those turned out to be some long notes,
but there won't be

anymore until the first of the prologue series, I promise.