            Disclaimer: Look at Part I. There's my disclaimer, and to
you people who haven't, you really should read it first, or you WILL
GET LOST! (I'd like to thank my dear friends Stephanie and Paul for
giving me the first feedback on my fic. Thanks, guys...Love ya!)

All I Ask Of You
Part II: Remember Me

            Tenchi rolled onto his side, half-fell out of bed, stood up,
and finally stretched.

After remembering why he'd chosen to wake up so early, he stepped into
his slippers, a

very suspicious smirk on his face, and tiptoed down the hall to Ryoko’s
room, being extra

careful not to click the latch on his door so loud as to wake up the
whole house. Mihoshi

may have been snoring and talking in her sleep downstairs on the couch,
but everyone in

the house counted that as a normal night sound, and could wake up to
anything else. He

caught three words of what she was talking about. "You're Under Arrest!"
He almost

burst out laughing, for the pain in his ribs to hold it in was all too
much. 'Good ol'

Mihoshi,' he thought. This time, tonight, her noises drowned out the
sounds of his door

and his footsteps. He had finally made up his mind, around midnight, of
what he would

do. He decided he would wake her up before anyone else awoke, and give
her what she’d

always wanted. A morning kiss. Then, he'd see how far things went from
there. He

grinned the silliest grin he’d ever had and said under his breath, “That
will definitely

prove Washu wrong.” He laughed the same guilty, childish laugh Ryoko did
when she

thought of a clever way to try to get him. He’d had the dream last
night. Now he would

make it real. For them both.

            In his dream, he had gotten up before anyone in the house,
and had gone to her

room. After slowly and quietly sliding the door open, he walked in and
sat down on her

bed, listening to her calm, steady breathing. He brushed a lock of hair
from her face and

kissed her forehead. She stirred and mumbled something that sounded
suspiciously like,

“Tenchi, do it again.” Smiling to himself and knowing fully well she was
awake and just

pretending, he did, only this time his lips brushed the tip of her nose.

            She couldn’t hide the contented smile on her face, much less
the fact that she was

awake. “Good morning, Tenchi.” Her eyes fluttered open half way. His
face was an inch

from hers. He closed his eyes and whispered, “Good morning, my Ryoko.”
Then he did

it. He gave her their first shared passionate kiss. It lasted nearly
three minutes. When he

broke away, she had a look of pure ecstasy in her eyes. “Tenchi, do
you…?” He nodded

and whispered, “Yes.” Tears of joy started forming around her eyes. “I
love you too.”

She’d said it barely above a whisper. Then his dream had ended. Right
there, it had

ended. He couldn't believe it.

            Just as he reached Ryoko's bedroom door, a voice behind him
made him jump.

“And just what are you doing, Tenchi?” He turned around and found
himself face to

screen with a hologram of a very disapproving Washu. “Washu! I-uh. I was
just gonna

wake Ryoko up to…” He was just regretting starting that sentence when
she broke in.

“It’s too late, Tenchi. She’s gone.” “What?” He was totally caught off
guard by this

answer. Washu seemed satisfied with his reaction and smirked at him.
“She left early this

morning. Said she had something to do.” Without another word, the
hologram

disappeared. Tenchi just stood thoroughly dumbstruck in the hall. ‘Why
would Ryoko

just up and leave? Does she know something? About last night?’ Feeling
extremely put-

out, and not to mention curious of what the pirate knew, he walked back
to his room and

sat on his bed. ‘God I hope Washu didn’t tell her.’

            At that minute, Ryoko happened to be walking through the
woods. Fulfilling

Tenchi’s hopes, she had no idea what had gone on the night previous.
She’d been up for

about three hours now. Her feet were getting tired (she'd never walked
so long in her life,

having the ability to fly) and she was hungry beyond belief, (being able
to work up an

appetite by just yawning) but her mind was a jumble of thoughts. “I’ve
gotta get off my

feet and think straight.” With that, she sighed and teleported to her
favorite cherry tree.

Her favorite thinking spot. Where she could get away from it all. “I
figured you be here,

Little Ryoko.”

            The demon-girl nearly fell out of the tree. She grabbed onto
a branch for dear life,

forgetting she could easily save herself if she fell by flying or
teleporting, or just plain

landing softly. Once the shock left her, she gathered what remained of
her composure.

“Washu? I-I mean Mom?” It was hard for her to remember, but Ryoko
figured she'd

eventually get used to calling Washu that. Her mother just smiled and
nodded her red-

framed little face. “That’s a good girl. Now what have you been up to?”
She had avoided

real curiosity too well. Ryoko immediately detected it and put on as
smug a face as she

could muster.

            “Can’t you tell, Miss As-You-Are-Connected-With-Ryo –
Ohki,-So-Am-I-

Connected-With-You-My-Dear?” Washu laughed heartily. She loved having a
smartass

daughter. And she was amazed Ryoko would remember something so small as
a bit of

their first mother-daughter conversation after so many centuries. ‘She
reminds me of

myself,’ The little red-head thought with pride. ‘Well, except for the
lack of scientific

intelligence. She does have a good memory bank, though.' She finally
responded, an even

more smug look than the one Ryoko had previously worn. “Well, I can see
you were

thinking about Tenchi again.” Ryoko hated how she’d said it with that
tone that states, “I

knew the answer. Just checking to see if you did.” What she hated more,
though, was the

fact that her mother had, in fact, been right. It would be difficult to
cover it up.

            “Don’t be ridiculous," she snapped, half-heartedly. "Why
would I think about

someone as misleading and bullheaded and…,” 'You big fat liar,' she
thought. Ryoko

couldn’t stop herself. Tears started falling from her eyes. She couldn’t
keep it up. “…and

perfect, and…and...” Now the dam behind her heart broke. She bursted out
in sobs.

“Someone who loves girls that get weepy at any given moment and think
everyone else is

a monster. Someone who loves idiots that get weak when he’s around. Who
loves her.

Oh, Mom, I can’t believe he loves her!” She buried her face in her
mother’s shoulder,

like she was little again. Washu was almost in tears herself. It had
been forever since

she'd had to comfort her little girl.

            She put her arms around her daughter who leaned into her
further, like little Taro

had so often while he had been with them. This show of need for her from
her daughter

brought things down in the final sweep for Washu. Now she was ready to
take on the

world. “It’s okay, my little one. He just has two sides of his brain
going. I don’t know

what to do. It’s all my fault anyway. If I hadn’t tapped into his mind,
your link would

have never received the data. You never would have known.” 'Yeah, and if
you hadn't

been such a pain to him, he wouldn't be upset either,' she thought, now
angry at herself.

But then that womanly Washu thought, 'You did it in immediate defense of
your

daughter. And to show him how long he can't keep it up.'

             It was Washu’s turn to get a tear-filled voice. Ryoko
looked up into the olive

eyes of her mother. Reality hit her and she knew. “No, Mom. No, it
wasn’t your fault. I

shouldn’t have opened the link to you while you were busy. You've always
told me not

to. And I shouldn’t have read his thoughts either. It’s my fault. But
I'll own to it, Mom.

It’ll be alright. I’ll just have to fix this mess.” Washu smiled at her,
the tears barely held

in. "I know you will, Ryoko Chan. I know you will." Ryoko gave her a
reassuring smile.

"Right."

            Meanwhile, Tenchi was laying on his back on his bed, hands
clasped behind his

head, thinking of how he’d have to put off telling Ryoko for yet another
day how he felt

for her. She'd had to endure more than her fair share of patience with
him. In fact, they all

had. Just then, Ayeka knocked at the door. “Lord Tenchi, may I come in?”
He sighed,

thinking, 'How the hell can I tell Ayeka that I love Ryoko? She'll never
be able to take it.

“Yeah, sure. I guess.” With a modest smile, she walked in. She was
wearing a stunning

light blue kimono, trimmed in lavendar, with a flying white rose petal
pattern. She had

long since had her layers grown out, by Washu of course, and had found
it easier this

morning to tie all of her beautiful, violently purple hair back into a
ponytail. “Hey,

Ayeka.” He hadn't looked at her. “Good morning, Lord Tenchi. How do you
like my new

style?” He turned his head, his jaw dropping and eyes widening at the
site of her. She was

dazzlingly gorgeous. He'd never seen that kimono before. She spun around
a few times,

her kimono flowing enough to send those rose petals flying right off.

            With authentic sincerity, and a very male-like expression in
his eyes, Tenchi said,

“You look great, Ayeka.” She giggled and blushed. “Thank you, Lord
Tenchi. I hoped

you'd like it. But you don’t look so well.” A half-worried expression
covered her face

She'd decided long ago, as had Ryoko, to keep herself out of his
business unless he

decided to tell her. She wasn't too worried for his safety anymore. He
was perfectly

capable of taking care of himself. If he was deeply hurt, or in danger
of getting deeply

hurt, then she would worry. He seemed to like the space they'd given him
recently. But

she sensed he needed some attention right then. She sat down next to him
on his bed and

laid a comforting hand on his chest. “Tell me what’s wrong, Lord
Tenchi.” Just then, he

noticed something he hadn't before. She smelled like a flower garden. It
must have been

an invention of Washu's, but unlike any perfume he'd ever smelled
before, this wasn't too

strong, and it actually smelled of what it was supposed to smell of.
Tenchi supposed he'd

never noticed because he'd never hung around her alone a lot. It was
intoxicating, the

scent. Soft, mellow, yet somehow entirely enlightening to the spirit. He
snapped out of it.

“Nothing, really. I suppose I’m just tired. Thanks for caring, though.”

            “Any time, Lord Tenchi. You should sleep now, if you're
really that tired. I shall

leave you to yourself now. Good day, Lord Tenchi.” She planted a soft
kiss on his lips,

like the touch of a butterfly, and left his room. He watched her go,
stunned and

breathless, yet some how...outrageously happy. She'd never been so
outward around him.

And it made his heart sick knowing that she’d be so hurt when he told
Ryoko how he felt.

But then again, maybe he wouldn’t tell. Maybe Washu was right. After
all, he hadn’t

pushed Ayeka away when she'd touched him. Or kissed him. A kiss so
different from that

with Ryoko in his dream. Somehow, maybe, with more love and power behind
it. More

close...

            He mentally shook himself. ‘What am I thinking? I love
Ryoko. I know it.’ Then,

seemingly with a more clear piece of mind, ‘Don’t I?’ To be truthful to
all he believed in,

he wasn't sure. As his heart and mind had great arguements with each
other, he stared out

the window at the sky, and hoped that he’d be able to make up his mind.
He would have

to. He'd already gone so far as to argue with Washu on the subject. But
still, there were so

many decisions to be strung out, analysed, and made. Soon he was asleep,
fully feeling

the kiss Ayeka had left with him. The hint of flowers still pervading
his sense of smell.

            Ryoko phased through the wall of Tenchi’s room. The
expression on her face

would be totally indeciferable to anyone who saw it then. There was
absolutely no hint of

any emotions at all. She stood by Tenchi's bed for a moment, watching
him sleep. She ran

a hand through his hair, marveling at how soft it was. And half-sad that
he didn't wake up

to her touch, when he so easily was put under by a child's peck from
Ayeka, and yet half

glad he didn't wake up, to tell her how he felt about Ayeka. It was
blatantly obvious to

her now. ‘Oh, Tenchi,’ she thought, as though connected to his very
subconcious, like she

had been two days before. ‘Please remember me. Always.’ With that, she
leaned down

and kissed him lovingly on the lips, completely outdoing Ayeka's modest
touch, and

phased back out of the room, into the hall. Had he been awake, he would
have taken back

everything he'd previously thought about Ayeka's kiss. This outdid all
the kisses he could

imagine. Or would have. Had he been awake.

            Ryoko’d seen it all. Ayeka and Tenchi. How she’d kissed him.
How he hadn’t

pushed her away. How happy he seemed with her around. She’d seen it all
from the

cherry tree outside. And now she’d made up her mind. 'Time to see The
Plan in action,'

she thought bitterly to herself. As she walked down the stairs, she was
surprised to see

that she'd not shed one tear. Not a single one. She'd cried many times
before, with good

reason, of course, but this seemed like the most perfect time to break
down. It was odd,

the feeling. She felt empty. There was a hole. And it could not be
filled by tears. Tears

wasted time. If she wanted this done right, she needed all the time she
could get before

they all tried to stop her. 'Not like they'd want to, anyway,' she
thought, knowing she'd

only thought it as a reason to continue with her Plan.

            She linked to Ryo – Ohki. ‘So long, sis.’ As she thought
this, she put on a half-

hearted smile. 'It's been great, hasn't it? But now's the time to go.
I'll miss you.' The only

response her little sister gave was a puzzled, '?' She shut off the link
to her cabbit and

opened the one to her mother. ‘It’s over now. There's no use in keeping
it up. So,

goodbye, Mom.’ Washu, immediately knowing what was up, thought back with
more

urgence and threat than she ever had before in any emergency, ‘Ryoko,
don’t you dare! I

won’t lose my daughter! Ryoko!’ The demon-girl just stopped the link. If
she listened to

any more of it, she'd probably give up on The Plan altogether. And she
really didn't want

to at the moment. With one last look up the stairs at Tenchi’s door, she
whispered her last

words to the house, and to him. “Remember me.”
