Kiyone, Mihoshi, Tenchi and the rest of the gang belong to AIC and 
Pioneer.  I'm getting nothing out of this except a solution for boredom
so don't sue.
_______________________________________________________________________	

			Anger Management Part 1: Stress
[Play "Dig" by Mudvayne]
	Kiyone groaned and rolled over.  That damn alarm clock never let
her get any sleep.  She smacked it groggily and it stopped.  But an even
more annoying thing was about to wake her up.
	"Kiiiiiyooooooneeeee!", Mihoshi shouted to her sleeping partner.
	Kiyone groaned and wished that either her or her blonde partner was
dead.  "Damnit", she said aloud.  'I used to enjoy getting up.  When did my
life become so freakin'...irritating?  Oh yeah, when I picked Mihoshi up. Hell
if I didn't have that idiot as my partner I'd probably be at a better position
and be kicking that bitch, Mitsuki's, red-headed ass', she thought.
   	Kiyone smirked.  As much as she thought she hated Mihoshi, she knew
she hated Mitsuki much worse. 
	"Kiiiiyoooooneeee!  We might be late!"
	"Ok, ok! I'm getting up!" 
	The teal-haired GPO got up, more actively than she was planning to.
'The thought of beating the hell out of Mitsuki must have revived me', she thought
scratching her head.  She heard Mihoshi call for her again.  "Damnit, hold on!"
	Kiyone felt her head throb.
	"You don't have to yell Kiyone...", said a tearing Mihoshi.
	She sighed and made her way over to the blonde that supposedly ruined 
her life.  
	"I'm sorry I yelled, Mihoshi--"
	"It's ok, Kiyone, I know you didn't mean it."
	Unexpectedly, and almost scaring the shit out of her, Mihoshi hugged
her.  Kiyone almost ventured to ask why she started to cry if she knew she 
didn't mean it, but decided on just letting herself be hugged.  The thought
of strangling Mihoshi for waking her up drifted away and she almost started
to hug back.  Almost.  
	"Alright Mihoshi.  OoooK, Mihoshi that's enough."
	Mihoshi managed to peel herself off Kiyone.  
	"Now Kiyone, go and get ready or we'll be late."
	"I never can understand how your always early to go visit Tenchi and the
others, but are always late for work."
        Mihoshi just shrugged and let Kiyone think about it as she got ready for 
her shower.      
         The hot water on her skin, relaxed Kiyone a bit.  Against her own
mental will she thought about Mihoshi.  She knew she didn't hate Mihoshi, persay.
The blonde just annoyed her alot, especially when she does stupid things.  Like
burn toast.  Or blow up Washu's lab.  Or drop Kiyone's toothbrush in the toilet.
It could be possible that she reguarded Mihoshi as a...friend.  Probably, one
of the few true friends she's had.  She does have good times with her, like
at the karaoke bar.  And Mihoshi does manage to comfort her when she needs it.
Like when Mitsuki gives them a holler.  Mitsuki.  Now that's one bitch she
absolutely hates.  
	Kiyone had no time to think about all the ways she could possibly humiliate
Mitsuki, because the hot water had turned off, consequent of the pair not paying their
water bill on time, once again.  
	She got dressed as she felt yet another throb in her head for the morning.
	"What the hell is that?", she thought out loud.
	"What is what, Kiyone?", Mihoshi said worridly, through the door.
	"Nothing, let's go".
	And they went.   
	
        "Keep your royal panties on, princess, I'll get it", Ryoko said floating
towards the door to answer Mihoshi's childlike doorbell ringing.
        "Hi Ryoko!", Mihoshi practically shouted.
        "Oh hi."
        "Ryoko, who is it", Sasami could be heard saying from somewhere behind 
the door.
        "Eh, just the police", with that the pirate floated off and left "the police"
standing at the door.  They went in anyway and were immediately hit with the smell of
Sasami's wonderful cooking.  Kiyone remembered the benefits of coming to the near 
warzone of the Masaki household.  The two GPO's were greeted by Sasami, who chatted
cheerfully with them, while preparing lunch.  They could hear Ryoko and Aeka arguing
somewhere else.  
        "Um, Sasami, where is Tenchi?", Mihoshi asked, trying(unsuccessfully) to hide
her excitement of seeing him again.  Kiyone smirked but then frowned.  She could
never figure out what made Tenchi so extremely attractive to almost every girl he knew.
Except her.  
        'He's cute, but he's no knockout.  Only God knows why an infamous space pirate,
the future empress of Jurai, and Mihoshi are in love with him', Kiyone thought.  In the
beginning she thought that something was wrong with her, for being one of the few that
wasn't in love with Tenchi.  But then again, Mihoshi having the tendency to stick to people,
Ryoko being obsessive, and Aeka being attracted to the "pure" type, made them all liable to
fall for Tenchi's "charm".  
        "Tenchi's in the fields right now, Mihoshi.  Don't worry he'll be back soon", answered
the little princess.  As if summoned by her words Tenchi walked in the kitchen.  
        "Hi guys!", Tenchi said cheerfully.  
        "Hello Tenchi", Kiyone greeted.
        "Hi, Tenchiiii!", squealed Mihoshi.
        Kiyone looked from Mihoshi to Tenchi, and then back to Mihoshi.  She just couldn't
figure it out.  'Maybe there really is something wrong with me', she thought, her temples
getting that now familiar throb.  She looked on at Tenchi and Mihoshi conversing.  'I wonder
why I can't like him.  He's the only guy I really know.  God, that's sad'.  Kiyone 
frowned as the throbbing increased.  As she looked at Tenchi and Mihoshi she couldn't help
feeling sort of angry, but in a strange way.  It was almost like jealousy.  But jealous of
which one?  
        'I must be jealous of Mihoshi for being with Tenchi.  There's no way in hell that
I'm jealous of Tenchi for being with Mihoshi'.  The throbbing increased as if in
response to her thoughts, becoming more painful.  'But why?  I thought I didn't like Tenchi.
And as far as I know I don't...damnit! Then that would mean I could like...' 
        "Ah!", Kiyone yelled responding to the sharp pain in her head.  
        "Kiyone! What's wrong?!", said Mihoshi worriedly running to her partners side, along
with Tenchi.  
        "It's nothing", she barely said massaging her temples.  "I'm fine.  Just a little 
headache".
        "Nope, I don't like it.  You better see Washu, it could be serious", Tenchi said
helping her to her feet.
        "No, I said I'm ok."
        "Oh, please go Kiyone.  You might get sicker.  Plus you can go get Washu for lunch
if you are ok", Sasami pleaded.       
        The whole idea of Washu's lab made Kiyone apprehensive to go, but since Sasami had 
basically ordered her to get the little genius for lunch she had no choice.  She might as
well get her head checked out too.

        "Washu...", Kiyone called quietly, looking for the semi-mad scientist.  She was
nowhere to be seen in the subspace lab filled with odd looking machines and experiments
that Kiyone would rather not meddle with.  So, she stayed where she stood, waiting for 
Washu to show up.  And she did.
        "Hi, Kiyone!", Washu said popping out of thin air right behind her. 
        "Ahhhh!  Damnit! Don't do that! Owww...", the throbbing in Kiyone's head was 
receding, until Washu scared her shitless.  Now it was menacing her brain again, and 
she clutched her head in an effort to stop it by crushing her skull.  
        "Sooo, your having head troubles?", the spiky haired genius said, contemplatively.
        "Yea--owwwwww!"
        "Hmmm, ok then."  And without another word Washu summoned her holographic laptop, hit
a few keys and before she knew it Kiyone was going through a CAT scan-type machine. 
        When that was all done Kiyone sat on a hospital bed as Washu stood before her reading
the scans.  
        "A huh..."    
        "A huh? What's 'A huh'?"
        "Well Kiyone, it seems that you are dealing with lots of stress."
        "Yeah, tell me something I don't know."
        "It's a different kind of stress.  Psychological, and emotional stress, in addition
to physical stress.  The build up could be dangerous if you don't reduce it, somehow."
        "Emotional stress?"
        Washu nodded, then smiled slightly, squinting at a particular scan.
        Kiyone, however, frowned.  The new information brought her back to what she was 
thinking about, before the onset of her headache.  
        "Damnit!", she cringed, the throbs coming with renewed force.  "Washu, don't you have
anything for the pain!"
        "Oh sure!"
        Washu tapped some keys on her laptop and a bottle of pills appeared.  Kiyone took it
and was about to pop one of the pills, before seeing that it had a crab on it.
        "Washu..."
        "Oh don't worry.  It's like reeeeeeally strong aspirin.  Only take one every 12 hours
or you'll die."
        Kiyone frowned a bit deeper, but popped it anyway.
        "Those pills also reduce blood pressure when it's too high.  Now that's all I can do
for you.  The rest you have to do for yourself." 
        "What to do you mean?"
        "I mean you'll have to lay off work for awhile and try to do things that don't
cause any stress." 
        Kiyone nodded.  Not having to go to work was a relief, but then it was up to Mihoshi
to earn the income, which couldn't be good.  
        "Washu, what about emotional stress?  How am I supposed to reduce that?"
        Washu got that smile she had when she was reading that particular scan.  It was
a knowing smile.  
        "Kiyone do you have a boyfriend?"
        "Errr...no."
        "Oh."
        "Oh?"
        "Well it seems that you are becoming emotionally frustrated with someone you have
deep feelings for."
        "What?!  No, I'm not!"
        "Subconsciously, ofcourse.  That's why you got those stress headaches.  They 
were, sort of telling you something that you kept in denial.  Everytime the 'problem'
tried to present itself so you could think about it, you stuffed it down.  Consequenting
in the destined build up and overload.  The only way you can really get rid of the 
emotional stress is to come out of denial and confront the issue or get over it."
        "I have no idea what your trying to get at, Washu.  I am not in denial."
        "You don't have to believe me, but that's what's really going on.  Maybe 
the person could offset the stress if they were here right now...Then you would know".
	Somehow fitting Washu's words, Mihoshi came running into the lab to Kiyone's
side, not having time to knock anything over.  "Kiyone! Are you alright?!  I've been
so worried, since you started to yell and grab your head and stuff-"  
	Kiyone cringed a bit a the sound of her partner's voice.  She really, really
did not feel like talking to Mihoshi right now.  The morning's calm accepting of
Mihoshi's ditziness was now quickly fading and her main emotion was turning into
anger very fast.  
	"Well, Kiyone are you ok?", Mihoshi asked innocently enough.
	"Yeah Mihosh--", Kiyone thought for a second, "Actually Mihoshi, I'm not ok.
Do you know why?  My head hurts like a MOTHERFUCKER, I have
a vein in danger of POPPING, and I have to take blood pressure PILLS!
DO YOU THINK I'M -FUCKING- O.K.?!!"
	Washu watched as Kiyone's dark blue eyes burned with fury into Mihoshi, and
the blonde backed up, suprised with her partner's outburst.
	"Now Mihoshi, do you know WHY I'm not ok?", Mihoshi took another step back 
and shook her head. "Because I have too much FUCKING STRESS! AND IT'S BECAUSE OF Y--"
	Kiyone wasn't able to get that far, because she scared Mihoshi shitless and
the blonde backed up into one of Washu's most sensitive devices and before Washu could
scream, "Nooooooo!!!", Mihoshi had already brushed one of the more explosion-prone items
of the device.  
	Covered in soot and seething in rage, Kiyone's body shook and her right eye 
twitched every 5 seconds or so.  She seemed to go into a passive zone, and just
shook and twitched.  
	All was silent for about 2 minutes while Kiyone rocked back in forth in her trance,
Washu tried to remove herself from beneath some debris so she can reach her laptop and turn
Mihoshi into a water sprite.  Mihoshi awoke out of her semi-coma and looked around, hoping
that everyone, or atleast Kiyone was fine.
	She spotted her partner, shaking and twitching.  "Kiyone...?"
	Kiyone turned her head to look at Mihoshi and twitched sporadically.  She
once again heard the blonde's voice when it was not a time she wanted to hear it.  
She stood and glared menacingly at Mihoshi.  
	"Oh Kiyone, good your not hurt!  So that means you're ok?"
	Despite the pills, Kiyone's head swirled and even with the pain she could
still think, 'What the fuck? Didn't she get ANY of what I said before?'.  That bad
habit of thinking plus the exlposion caused Kiyone's stress-level to overload.  She
felt blood drain a bit from her head and finally she fainted.
	Hours later, she awoke to Washu staring down at her, pensively in a newly fixed lab.
	"Huh? Washu...What happened to me?"
	"Put simply, the vein near your eye popped.  I told you, if your stress overloaded
it would be dangerous.  I guess it wasn't your fault.  You didn't have time to fully 
recover from the first headache, with Mihoshi coming into the lab..." 	 
	Kiyone twitched once at the mention of her partner's name.  Thinking in pure 
blind fury she started to get up and find Mihoshi to go beat the crap out of her.  Washu
gestures for her to stay put.  "You're in no position to go kill Mihoshi now."
	Kiyone sighed and leaned back tiredly in the bed she was first put in.  
	"Atleast tell me where she is."
	"Oh, she's in the den "talking" with Tenchi.  Heh, actually she's probably
leaning in his arms, crying on his shoulders for what she's done to you, and he's
probably stroking her hair and comforting her with soothing words."
	Washu grinned internally.  She was quite aware of the effect her words 
would have.  That is precisely why she did it.  Kiyone, however wasn't aware of
Washu's underlying meaning at all.  She just thought it was a detailed scientific
hypothesis, typical of the little genius.  But the angry scowl on her face changed 
to a confused, sad frown.  Kiyone closed her eyes for a moment and started to think
deeply about why this was happening to her.  But all her thoughts kept coming back
to, 'She's with Tenchi, she's with Tenchi...".  Somehow that made her angry.  Angry
at Tenchi, of all people.
	'Damnit', she thought, 'why does that make me mad?  It's just Tenchi.  Tenchi
wouldn't like that airhead.  Why do I care if he does likes her, anyway?  It's not like
I...God, I can't even lie to myself.  Why would I like Mihoshi?  She's Mihoshi! She
causes me too much trouble!  In fact, I hate Mi...Hell, I know I don't hate her.  But
I don't like her! (painful throb)  Damnit!  So what if I do like her?  It's not like
anything's would happen.  She probably doesn't like me at all.  Or does she?  That
would explain the spontaneous bear hugs...And sometimes I do catch her staring...
Still absolutely nothing would happen.  I wouldn't kiss her or anything... WOAH! 
Kiss her?  What would that feel like...'
	Kiyone tried to stop thinking about kissing Mihoshi but her thoughts all
came back to the blonde.  So she let her little "fantasy" play out in her mind as
she smiled to herself and drifted off in sweet sleep.

___________________________________________________________________
Stay tuned for the next part of Anger Management, kiddies!
Next time will definately be lemon.  This part was a sort of
prologue.
Hope you liked it!
	
		
	-1-

crowman_x2@superdeformed.com
	





 


		