DISCLAIMER: The character and the universe are
somebody elses.  I write this only for the amusement
of my friends (on a very broad sense) and not for
profit.  It is not meant for any other use by anybody
else.  Etc. And so on. See other fan fics for
details.yadda.

SEXUALY EXPLICIT:  This fan fic is meant for -um- not
necesssarily adults, but for those who can handle and
are legally entitled to view sexual material. Hey
wadda expect, its porn.  O-kay, everyone else gone?
The rest of you just lean back and, ah,
enjoyyourselves.

NO DILDOs were harmed in the creation of this fan fic

ANNIVERSARY: Chapter 2 - No Time for Memories

He looked down into golden eyes.
"Who are you...?" he asked.
She looked back, smiling.
"Don't you know...? Damn, I was hoping you could tell
me."
"For that matter," he continued, "Who am
Ummmmmppphhh..!!!"

Tenchi was suddenly cut off, as Ryoko pressed her
mouth to his. Unexpected, but he kissed back. It felt
good. But when she tried to invade his mouth with her
tongue he broke the kiss.
"Hey, what do you think you're doing. What makes you
think..."
"This"
She grabbed the hand that was pressed against her
bosom, squeezing it into her.
"And this"
She rolled her hips upward pressing harder against
Tenchi's thigh where it lay nuzzled between her legs.
"And unless I'm mistaken, you're getting a rather nice
erection growing between your legs. MMMMMM...
Won't tell you what I'm getting between my legs -
you'll just have to find that out yourself."

Tenchi was confused, but this strange and beautiful
woman was right about one thing. He was aroused, and
she was the cause of it. And he could feel his desire
growing with every second. One last try:
"But don't you think we should.."
She kissed him again, hard
"Yes, dearest stranger, I think we should.."
Her hand reached down between them, finding and
squeezing his erection
"But then again, there is a time to NOT think..."
Tenchi found himself agreeing with her. He squeezed,
feeling the breast under his palm, nipple hard. Rolled
it back and forth. Her flesh felt good beneath his
hand.
Flesh? She was naked. And his thigh was getting wet
where it pressed against him. How did she... aw hell,
this was another time to not think.

Ryoko arched upward against his hand, his thigh.
Moving feeling his touch against her skin, pressing
herself to him. It all felt so strange and yet so
right. She wanted him. Why hadn't he phased out of his
clothes yet. God, he was so hard, she could feel him
throbbing under his pants.
She grabbed his shirt, pulling, tearing. Ripping it
off of him. Her hands and nails running up and down
over his handsome chest. Young. But nice. Very nice.

"M'am." said Tenchi. "The strange thing is, I think my
nose is supposed to be doing something by now."
He was squeezing a nipple, pinching it lightly between
his thumb and forefinger. His other hand cupped her
mound, feeling the wet hair against his palm. He
didn't know if he had ever done this sort of thing
before, but it felt good. Real good.

"Yeah. Your nose." Ryoko wasn't particularly
interested in that protrubence at the moment, but was
having a little difficulty getting at the other
through his jeans. Not particularly meant to be done
one handed. But...
"Hey, I've got just the thing for your nose..." She
rolled twisting him beneath her. And swinging around
in mid air so she could.... Yes... there... lowering
her pussy onto his face, his nose.
"This isn't exactly what I MMMMmmmmmpPPPHHHHHHHHH...."
He found the odor quite musky, and entirely pleasant.
Instinctively he grabbed her buttocks, pulling her
down onto his nose. And mouth. The mouth especially,
tongue and lips working up and down the long red slit,
pushing aside cyan colored hair. Nose pressed deep in
her cunt.

Ryoko moaned, hips humping back onto the boy's face,
her hands finally working out the mystery buttons and
zipper. Boy what a problem clothing could be. His cock
sprang out, long thick and purple.  Her eyes glowed,
licking her lips, fingers tightening around the staff.
 What a treat.  She began to lick it with long strokes
of her tongue, then stopped suddenly.

She raised up, head going back.  Eyes rolling back in
her head. ooooo. He was licking her right +there+.
Her breathing grew fast, biting her lower lip as the
boy sucked her clit into his mouth.  OHHHH....... She
shuddered, peaking, legs tightening around
whatshisnames head. Spasming. OH YES. Spasming.
Holding his head tightly. OH MY. For what seemed like
minutes....

Finally she let her legs relax, and swung her head
down looking along the length of her body, between her
breasts, at the boy. His face was blue and he was
gasping for air. His eyes huge and brown and bulging.
Hmmm... she would have to give him a good reason to
gasp. She licked her lips and plunged her head down on
his cock.

Mihoshi looked befuddled. Stupified. Lost. Out of
Place. In short, the way she usually looked. The odd
thing is that Washu looked pretty much the same.
Well, she knew she was the greatest genius in the
universe. That was easy enough to figure out. But she
couldn't remember anything. Well nothing useful anyway
- she could still recite the value of 'pi' to a
million places, but anything difficult was simply gone
from her head.
She quickly deduced that one of these machines must be
the cause of her limited abilities, but which one.
Hmmm... She would simply have to just examine and test
every part of every machine in her labratory. That was
easy enough if time consuming.
She could use some help though. She looked at Mihoshi,
who was biting at a fingernail.
"Hey you." said Washu.
Mihoshi blinked
"Just stay over there by the wall."

Tenchi's face was wet and sticky, but no longer
pressed against Ryoko's mound.  It wasn't that he
didn't want to, but he just couldn't focus on it any
more.  He was panting, his hips jerking from time to
time as his cock thrust up into the space pirate's
mouth.  He could feel a tension growing in him, a
hunger and a strength.  Something more than adolescent
lust.  His fingers rubbed at the woman's clit - slow
long strokes.  His head was turned, free hands wrapped
around the woman's leg kissing and nipping at her
thigh.

Her hand moved up and down the thick shaft, pumping at
it, as if trying to pull forth an explosion.  Her
mouth lapped joyously at the head, tasting Tenchi,
occasionally driving down deep on his cock.  She could
feel him then, against the back of her throat, as her
fingers circled his root. Gulping him in. The boy was
amazing.  Amazing.  She slid  her mouth off for a
moment, purring and rubbing her cheek against his
shaft.  mmmm...
His hips thrust upward as she sucked down.  She kept
her head deep around him now, cupping his balls,
squeezing.  She could feel the fire building in him,
hear him moaning.  Her teeth scraped against the lower
end of his cock.  The she bobbed quickly up and down
mouth working fast, hand reaching where the mouth
didn't.
Yess... she could feel him... Yesss...  She could feel
the hot cream erupt into her mouth, shoot against her
throat.  She sucked it in. Licked her lips Pulled her
head off still stroking.  Let his cum splatter against
her cheek  her neck.  Oh yes.  And he was still hard.
This was a GOOD boy.

Aeka felt hot, flushed.  She had found herself sitting
on a porch, worried about something but not being able
to remember what.  Nor could she remember who she was.
It was most distressing.
She became agitated, wandered outside finally to a
large pond.  It looked quite soothing, and cooling.
She needed to cool off, that was becoming more and
more apparent.  There was a heat rising in her, quite
powerful.
She stripped off her kimono and plunged herself into
the water.  Swimming, the water slid over the surface
of her smooth naked body.  Arms working, legs working,
but somehow she was just not getting any cooler.
Hotter maybe.  And not on the skin - inside.
Need overtook her and she edged herself up near shore,
sitting on a submerged rock.  Goddess but she
needed... uh..  its not proper but... uhhhhhh.
Her fingers worked slowly stroking the outside of her
sex.  She lay back upper body in the grass on the
shore, lower body down with the water lapping against
her where her fingers now plunged into her sex. Hot.
Groaning.  Not worried that she might be being
watched, the Jurai princess shook, masturbating.

Kiyone walked through the strange house.  She had come
in through the dimensional portal just as the machine
had been turned on. It was obvious to her that she
must investigate, find out what was going on and why.
She chose a room at random.  A bedroom.  Large screen
TV, video cameras, tapes, papers and books scattered
around. Hmmm..  it seemed important.
She stepped in, and began searching through things for
clues.  She slipped a tape into a video machine - oh
my!   Two women on a bed, moaning writhing against
each other.  She blushed, but did not turn the machine
off.  Instead she looked through the books and papers.
 A great deal of hentai here.  Mostly teenagers.
There where sketches as well, many of an archetectual
nature, but others more personal nature.  Whoever it
was was skilled, the drawings were good.  Some even
seemed to be of...
She looked in the mirror, looked back at the sketch,
checked the mirror again. Fluffed herself.  Her
breasts weren't nearly that large.  She lay on the
bed, looking through more and more of the drawing.
Many sketches showed her and a blond woman doing....
well.   The figures on the tape were moaning writhing
together.  Woman to woman - like her in the sketch.
Had she posed for this?  Certainly there was something
about the woman, something she found very desireable.
She slid her hands into her pants.  Maybe this would
help her remember...

Ryoko floated slowly upward, meaning to turn and come
down on Tenchi's cock.  But he was suddenly on his
feet, grabbing her, pressing her back to the wall.
There was something about him, something inflamed.  He
was more powerful than that boy she had been playing
with before - she liked that.  He seemed almost as
powerful as she was.  OH GOD.  His fingers rammed into
her cunt.  She clenched around him.

Tenchi's hands were in Ryoko's hair.  Stroking,
pulling on it.  Exposing her neck.  He licked his
lips, sucking on the woman there, feeling her tremble.
 He felt one of her hands on his ass, the other on his
cock, pulling on it, stroking it.  He bit down nipping
into her flesh.  She shook, ramming herself onto his
fingers.  She was so wet.  But then again he was so
hard.  He could feel her chest thrust forward, her
lovely large breasts pressing into him, nipples poking
against him.

He could feel her shake, kissed her ear, whispered  "I
want you woman, I think I  have for a long time"
He felt her shudder, felt her press her cheek against
him, wrapping her arms around him.  He felt a wetness
against his face.  A tear.

"Yes...  I know, I want you too"

She lept up against him, wrapping her legs around him,
trying to impale herself on his cock.  It slid across
her slit, but not into her rubbing over her engorged
clit.  He held her tight, one hand on her buttocks,
lowering her to the ground.
Even without his memories, Tenchi knew there was
something very right about this.  Something more than
lust or the passion of the moment.  Something that ran
deep within him, and within her.

He slid his cock into her, slow, but not deep.  He
could not push in any further. Her arms tightened
around his neck, and he looked into the womans golden
eyes.  Amazing.  He lost himself in them a moment,
then pulled back ready to to hurl his weight against
the barrier.  Her heels hooked into the small of her
back.  Smiling, trembling, she nodded.

"kkkkkkZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ"
The sound was annoying.
"KKKKKkkkkkkkZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzz"
Frustrating.
"KKKKKKKKKZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ"
Even the greatest mind in the universe couldn't work
under these conditions.

"HEY.  YOU.   WAKE UP!"

Mihoshi, woke, startled. Asleep against the wall, some
instinctive training took over and she stepped
forward, her foot tangling in a cord.  She tripped
sprawling outward, her foot tugging the plug from the
wall.  And the memory machine stopped.

Ryoko's eyes widened, recognition coming to her.  To
him as well.  She could see it as he THRUST forward
into her solidly, a sword thrust deep, penetrating,
and sure.  She could feel her hymen breaking, her body
clutching to him as she screamed

"Teeennnnnnccccchhhhhhhiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!!!!!!!"
"Ryoko, I...."
He started pulling back, but she held him tight to
her.
Ryoko's voice was quiet, deep.
"uh.  Tenchi, don't you dare.  Don't you dare try to
leave me like this. You want it, I want it, and its
too damn late to stop now."

"But Ryoko, I didn't want..."
Ryoko thrust upward "Like Hell you didn't want..!!"
Her body writhed beneath him, her hands on his
shoulder. "Oh.  Fuck me, Tenchi, Just Fuck Me....!!"

Tenchi's cock drove in and out of Ryoko's cunt.  Hard.
A force a power like he had never experienced driving
him.  His breath, panting, a low growl sometimes, hot
in her ear.
"Ryoko, I wanted to say that I didn't want it like
this.  On a stone.  In a cave.  I wanted you in bed
the first time, Ryoko. Softer. Warmer."
She thrust up to meet him, her head moving from side
to side.
"Thank you Tenchi," she whispered.

Her hands clawed at her back, scratching which only
increased Tenchi's passion, his need.  He leaned back
away from Ryoko, hands going to her breasts, squeezing
them, rolling them against each other.  Thumb and
forefinger pinching at the nipple.  Edging forward, he
thrust deeper and harder into her

She met him, hips bouncing off the floor, fingernails
scratching down his chest, leaving marks...
"Oh god, Tenchi..   TENCHI..!"
She convulsed, juices and blood running from her.
Squeezing his cock in her tight virgin cunt.  Tenchi
gripped her at the hips as she peaked, body shaking
with the orgasm.
Leaning farther back, he yanked at her hips, pulling
her onto his cock as he thrust deep. Hard. Faster and
Faster.  The pirate like a rag doll in front of him,
shaking, trembling.
At last hee cried out, his body spasming, thrusting
into Ryoko, cumming.  Loud, hot, hard,  a deep ache
releasing in a torrent into her.  He seemed almost
bestial, his voice a growl, cock still pounding
pounding pounding as he came.

Slowing, breathing slowing, his senses returning.

His body jerked several times as the orgasm worked
quickly to cool the overwhelming fire of his passion.
His eyes refocused, catching Ryoko's own dazed golden
eyes. Leaning down he took her in his arms kissing her
slowly, gently on the lips
A kiss which she returned, deep and warm, a smile
across her lips.  Nails running across his back.
"So, Tenchi, was it good for you too?"
