DISCLAIMER: The character and the universe are
somebody elses.  I write this only for the amusement
of my friends (on a very broad sense) and not for
profit.  It is not meant for any other use by anybody
else.  Etc. And so on. See other fan fics for
details.yadda.

SEXUALY EXPLICIT:  This fan fic is meant for -um- not
necesssarily adults, but for those who can handle and
are legally entitled to view sexual material. Hey
wadda expect, its porn.  O-kay, everyone else gone?
The rest of you just lean back and, ah,
enjoyyourselves.

NO DILDOs were harmed in the creation of this fan fic

ANNIVERSARY: Chapter 1 - No Time for Inventions

by Michael

Ryoko was moving slowly this morning, well, afternoon
really.  She was up just in time for breakfast while
everyone else was having lunch,  Her eyes wandered,
not focusing, as if she was lost in memory.
Occasionally they would stray over Ayeka,
contemplating briefly, then drift away again.
She bit her lip, unsteady, then giving up slipped out
the door to the porch.
"She wasn't looking very good," said Sasami, busily at
work doing dishes, "I wonder if something's wrong?"
Ayeka looked up from the table.
"It was all that saki she had last night. It was far
to much for any decent person to have drunk."
"But you were drinking too."
"That is different, I was in control, I drank only
enough too..."
"To make you stagger and almost fall going up to bed,"
giggled Ayeka's younger sister.
"Well, perhaps I did drink a little more than I
should, but it was all because of that... that
creature.  Pouring glass after glass, toasting to some
'Aniversary'.  I dont know what got into her."
There was quiet for a moment.  Ayeka sipped her tea.
Sasami spoke quietly.  "I think she slept in the
closet last night"
"What?!"
"I heard her snoring.  I'm kinda worried."
Ayeka's brows knit together and she frowned.
"So am I.  She is barely stable as it is now, but
if.."
"If what Ayeka..?" came a slightly threatening voice
behind the Jurian princess.  Ryoko slowly phased
through the wall.
"Nothing," claimed Ayeka, turning her head ever so
slightly away, her fingers working preparing a shield
to block the expected energy blast from the space
pirate.
"Nothing it is then," repeated Ryoko, somewhat
unexpectedly. "Hey Sesami, could you leave us alone
for a few minutes."
Sesami nodded, a little unsure of what was happening.
Ryoko waited until the girl had cleared the room, then
she turned to Ayeka.
"Your Higness," her voice was soft. "I have a favor to
ask."
"A favor..? You..? What are you up to Ryoko, what are
you trying to..."
"I need to borrow Tenchi for a few hourst this
afternoon." The words came out fast, too fast maybe,
her eyes downcast.
"You.... Need.... To.... Borrow..."
"Tenchi. Yes.  Please, Princess, its important."
Ayeka rose suddenly. "You must think me the complete
fool!  Let you alone with my beloved for a few hours
and who knows what sort of..."
"Nothing will happen, I promise you," Ryoko lifted her
head golden eyes subdued. Hands clasped on her lap. "I
promise.  Please, Ayeka, I'm begging you."
Ayeka had expected a fight, expected Ryoko to rise up,
nose to nose and should at her.  This was most
unexpected. This was... important to Ryoko.  And she
was a Princess.  And it was only for an afternoon.
"Very well then.  Until sundown."
Ryoko rose and gave Ayeka a formal bow.  Then ghosted
up through the ceiling.  Ayeka thought she glimpsed a
bit of moisture in the pirate's eye.

Tenchi was running late.  As usual.  He had been
reading this odd American Magna, Ninja High School,
and gotten so wrapped up and..  oh he didnt want
Sesame to be upset that he missed lunch.
Turning the corner at too high speed, he slammed right
into Mihoshi. Bounced rather.  The Galaxy Police
officer had just stepped out of the bath. Naked. And
Tenchi's face found a resting place within Mihoshi's
rather ample cleavage.
<insert standard anime shock embarassment standards
here: huge eyes. blush. floating teardrop, etc>
Tenchi stepped back.  Stroked his hair.
"Well, um, hi Mihoshi.  Sorry.   Didn't see you there.
 Boy, you're um... (Tenchi meant to say naked at this
point, but it didnt come out right) you're um... Big."
Mihoshi giggled. "Thank you, Tenchi, and so are you."
Tenchi didnt know what to make of this.
"Um, sorry, late for lunch" and dashed around Mihoshi
to the kitchen.

Washu caught the end of this from the doorway to her
lab.  She wished she had had a spectrometer with her
to take a reading from Tenchi's face. She had never
seen quite that shade of red before.
"My, my Mihosi; you certainly do have a way with men.
Where is your uniform?"
"Oh,I, um, it got wet. So I'm letting it dry off.
Besides," she said running her hands unashamedly up
and down her body, "this kinda feels nice sometimes."
She suddenly glanced about nervously.  "Nobuyuki isn't
around is he?"
"No, he is spending his Saturday working overtime.
Where is Kiyone?
"Oh she's doing paperwork.  Its funny, she says she
gets it done a whole lot faster when I'm not there."
"Yeah, right.  Say, could I see you in my lab a little
later. When you have your clothes back on?  I've got a
little something that may help with that."

Tenchi stepped out onto the porch.  It was going to be
a beautiful afternoon - he just hoped that it wouldn't
be spoiled by energy blasts shooting off in all
directions.  It hadn't been easy, but they were able
to convince the neighbors that they tested fireworks
designs near the shrine to make a little extra money.
Surprisingly there had been plenty of lunch left as
well.  Ryoko must not be up yet.  It looked like it
was going to be a pretty good day.
Ryoko wafted down next to him.  She could be quite
unnerving when she did that.  Even more so when she
wore those increadibly form fitting outfits.  Very
unnerving.
"Tenchi," said Ryoko sweetly as she took his arm,
"lets go for a walk."
Tenchi hesitated.  This could be trouble. On the other
hand it was almost always trouble, but if he went for
a walk at least the house would be safe.
"Uh, I don't know... Grandfather may want..."
He turned slightly, brushing his hand through his
hair, and caught a glimpse of Ayeka standing in the
doorway.  She smiled.  She nodded.   Nodded...?!
"C'mon Tenchi, c'mon," insisted the space pirate,
tugging him away.  Still glancing back at Ayeka, he
allowed himself to be pulled along.
"Ryoko?  Where are you taking me?
She looked at him, voice quieting.
"To the one place I'm afraid of."

"Behold, my greatest, most ingenious invention," said
Washu with a flourish, "Once again proving I am the
greatest most brilliant scientest ever!!"
"Gee, that's nice, Washu.  What does it do?"
"Its simple, really.  By concentrating theta waves
into a multilevel fixed pulse it stim..u...late....  "
Washu slowed and stopped, noticing for once that this
was going far too far over Mihoshi's head.  But then
again that was why she picked her for the experiment.
"It increases memory - helps it out.  And I want YOU
to help me test it!!  The perfect subject.
Hahahahaha..."
Washu grabbed Mihoshi by the front of her shirt and
pulled her to a chair.
"We'll start simple - set the memory inducer just a
little to the positive side, and the power to low - it
should just affect you that way.  Now we flick the
switch and....  and...."
Nothing was happening. The lights didnt flash.  The
machinery didn't humm.  Washu looked at Mihoshi for a
long minute, but there had been no time for her to do
anything.

Tenchi realized that this wasn't a typical walk with
one of his guests.  For one thing he wasnt looking
over his shoulder, waiting for a sudden ambush.  For
another Ryoko seemed to be taking him someplace in
particular.
She seemed a little distant too.  She wasnt flirting,
wasnt even rambling on like she used to.  Wasn't
pressing her breasts against him - Tenchi found
himslef missing that, anyway.  And her grip on his
hand was strong, needful.  Like he was her anchor.
Then they came around a stand of trees and he realized
where they were going - where they already were.  The
cave.  The place where Ryoko had been imprisoned for
seven centuries, until Tenchi freed her.
The cave.
Tenchi could hear Ryoko's breathing. Long heavy
breaths.
"Ryoko..."
Silence.  Her grip tightened on his hand.  He could
feel her tense, like a cat about to pounce
"Ryoko, we dont have to stay here if you dont want..."
"NO!"
Ryoko turned, taking both the young lads hands in her
own, clasping them together.  She looked at him with
golden eyes.
"Tenchi, its been a year, a full year since I was
here, trapped inside the cave.  A year since you..."
She colapsed forward against him. Her body shaking.
"Tenchi, help me.  This place terrifys me."
He wrapped an arm around her.  He held her for many
long slow minutes until her breathing quieted.  He
turned her then, and arm still around her led her to
the cave.

It was dark, but there was an old lantern that lay
discarded.  Its light flickered but was enough.  They
worked there way deeper into the cave, slow and slower
as Ryoko became more and more cautious.  Finally she
stopped alltogether.
Tenchi sat, back agasint a wall, Ryoko next to him.
"What is it Ryoko, what scares you so much.  I know
you were trapped here a long time..."
"Seven hundred years.  Seven hundred years!  And I was
awake all that time, knowing that life passed by just
beyond the walls.  Knowing that people worked, played,
stole out there.  Knowing I might never see it again.
Seven hundred years."
"But you are free now"
"And this place remains to haunt me.  I see it in my
dreams and wake up shaking.  I feel it in my bones.
It scares me Tenchi.  Scares the hell out of me just
to be here.  So close.  I can feel the walls closing
in. Trapping me.  Oh Tenchi I have to..."
Ryoko started upwards suddenly, but Tenchi had her
wrist grasped frimly
"No."
He stood with her, beside her.
"No, you are Ryoko, the space pirate.  You are the
wildest most courageous person I know.  You cant let
this beat you.  You cant give in."
Ryoko shook, her eyes wild, like an animal.  She knew
knew knew that she would be imprisoned here again.
And this time they would never let her out.  Never
She took a step toward the entrance.
Tenchi grabbed her holding her with all his strength.
She broke his grip easily, shook him off, threw him
against a wall.  He hit with a thud, crumpling to the
floor unconcious.  She raced outward, out to the light
and freedom.
And stopped.

"Tenchi," she breathed.  And slowly deliberately
turned back to the darkness. Walked back in.  She
walked past Tenchi, eyes fixed forward though she knew
that he would be okay.  Walked in deeper, past all
light.  Her eyes glowed.
In the deepest part of the cave she halted.
"I am Ryoko," she cried out, "The most feared pirate
in the galaxy.  I run the spaceways, I am the scourge
of planets," she drifted upward off the floor power
flickering around her, "I am known and hated on more
worlds than there are stars in the sky. I fear no
person. But I have feared this place. Rocks. Stones.
Today, I hurt someone I love because of that fear.
And the hatred of that beats to hell any fear I can
have of you.  My prison.  You have claimed my soul for
a year, but NO MORE.  NO MORE.  another claims my soul
now."
She blasted, firing bolts of energy in all directions.

"I am Ryoko!"
Her eyes blazed.
"RYOKO..!!"
Things shattered.  Walls crumbled. Laughter rang amid
the thunder of crushed stone. The the roof caved in
and she was no longer there.

She knelt beside Tenchi, letting her hand brush
against his face.  She phased down, into the rocks,
then slowly rose up beneath him, cradling him in her
arms. Holding him to her.
Presently, he woke, his face pillowed on her breasts.
It felt good, and he was  a bit to groggy to do
anything about it.  Still it was just a bit arousing.
He felt his nose start to twitch.
"You stayed."
"Yes, Tenchi, because of you."
"I didn't really do all that much Ryoko. Mostly just
hit my head on the wall."
"You made me realize how important some things are to
me, Tenchi.  And how silly other things are compared
to that."
Ryoko loved the feel of this body in her arms, holding
him, close and loving.  Wanting him too, if the truth
be told.  She would have a lovely orgasm later in
private, thinking about it - but now - she had a
promise to keep. Sigh.
Tenchi could feel the swell of Ryoko's breasts under
his cheek.  Could feel the nipple, hard against the
skin tightness of the suit.  He wondered about that.
Wondered how much nicer it would feel if the suit
wasnt there. gasped
"We'd better go"
Tenchi started to rise, twisting a little to hide the
beginnings of an erection. His head hurt though from
the blow, and his balance was off.  He slipped, fell
face forward back into Ryoko.  His lips so close to
hers, hand on her breast, thigh between her legs.
It was electric, but...

Washu popped open a panel and started rummaging
through wires and circuts.  Hmmm...  Mihoshi came up
behind her, her hands fidgeting a bit with things.
"Oh wait," said Mihoshi. "I see what's wrong.  It
isn't plugged in."
Mishoshi stepped over Washu pulling the power cord to
the outlet.  Wahsu stood.  Washu looked at the
controls.  The power switch was still on, but the
control knobs had been twisted.  One was in the
negative.  The other all the way up.
She started to step toward the machine when with a
flash, Mihoshi plugged the memory enhancer in.