                         Ayeka's Best

Been a while since I came out with a fanfic. I'll explain below. (at the 
very bottom)




 Summary: Nothing like the great outdoors to settle feud, Or make it 
worse. Why is Tenchi and Ayeka taking so long with the food? (This takes 
off from Mihoshi's Best)



Disclamer: I Own Non of these people! Please don't sue me. I'm poor. I 
live in a trailer! Please don't sue me! I own nothing and I am making no 
profit! Thank you ^_^'





"Tenchi! Wake up! It's time to go!" Sasami said from downstairs. The 
family was planing on going on a camping trip to get so fresh air.
Tenchi rolled over on his back. He had no shirt on and he had a 
headache. He looked at the celling remembering what he and Mihoshi did 
in the limo. 
"Aw man! Not again!" Tenchi said putting the pillow over his head. 
"Tenchi! Wake up!" Sasami's constant yelling gave Tenchi an even bigger 
headache.
"I'm awake!" Tenchi yelled muffled under the pillow.
Sasami came in to Tenchi's room dressed and ready to go.
"Tenchi we only have an hour to get ready or we're gonna be off track." 
Sasami said walking into Tenchi's room and taking the pillow off his 
head.
Tenchi was asleep through Sasami's constant yelling. Sasami with and 
angry look on her face took her whistle and blew it loud. Tenchi leped 
up and fell off the bed he stood up and began running in place.
"Come on Tenchi! Get ready! We don't have all day! Hurry! Move, move, 
move!" Tenchi then bolted and grabed his clothes and took a shower. 
While he was taking a shower he could hear Sasami's yelling through the 
shower and water. Tenchi then got bored and started to jackoff. He 
automaticly though with all the yelling no one would hear him. Tenchi 
began to moan and remember Mihoshi's big plump breast. He then shook it 
off and got ready for the trip before Sasami comes in and catches him 
jackingoff. Tenchi then got dressed and went downstairs as he did he 
bumped into Ayeka walking fast to escape Sasami's constant yelling.
"Oh I'm sorry Lord Tenchi." Ayeka said blushing. She then bent down to 
pick up all the stuff. Tenchi then looked at Ayeka's ass seeing how big 
and plump it is. He almost grabed it before she stood up. All of a 
sudden Ryoko teleported between them. Tenchi had a sweet drop hoping 
Ryoko didn't relize what he was doing.
"Oh Tenchi isn't it great to be going camping." Ryoko said with her arms 
around him. 
"We could both share a tent. Would you like that?" Ryoko said getting 
closer to him. 
Of corse Ayeka was getting mad standing right there watching in anger. 
She then push Ryoko away into the wall. Kiyone and Mihoshi was talking 
when they saw that those 2 were gonna get into a fight. They stayed 
still
"Uh Oh" Mihoshi said
"You two not today!" Kiyone said holding her head.
"Now see here Miss Ryoko!" Ayeka said pointing a finger in Ryoko's face. 
"Tenchi is not your man! I you have no right to treat him like that!" 
Ayeka said.
Ryoko started to get mad and pushed Ayeka.
"You have no right to tell me what to do you little bitch!" Ryoko said 
poking Ayeka on her sholders. 
"Just because your a princess gives you no damn right to tell me what to 
do! I  don't live of your trashy plant and thank God I never did!" Ryoko 
said in a very mad tone. Ayeka was now pissed off.
"How dare you call me a bitch you trash-digging whor! I will kick you 
sorry bitchy ass right now for talking about my planet!" Ayeka said 
clutching her fist. She then raised her hand and gave Ryoko a huge 
*smack" on the face. It then sent Ryoko to the ground. Everyone gasped. 
Ryoko then lifted her hand to cover where Ayeka slaped her. Ryoko then 
stood up and gave Ayeka 3 *smack, smack, smack* Ayeka the flew back and 
hit the wall. Ryoko stood there with a smerk on her face. Ayeka was 
furious.
"Hey now, now!" Tenchi said waving his hands in the air. "Let's calm 
down."
Both of them stared at each other in anger.
"COME ON WE DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THIS!" Sasami said yelling.
Then she rushed everyone outside to get their stuff in the van.
It was a long trip and everyone started to get restless.
"Are we there yet?" Asked Mihoshi leaning on the window.
"Nope not yet." Nobiyuki said turning into and exit. "We just have a few 
miles to go."
Sasami started to play solitare on the empty next to her. She started to 
calm down and let Nobiyuki take care of the rest of the job.
Tenchi was staring out the window and wondering what's going to happen 
out here in the forest. Finnaly they arrived at the campsite. It wasn't 
good nor fancy. Just an original campsite. The car pulled into a parking 
space. Everyone gathers their stuff and heads to their campsite.
"I hate camping!" Ayeka yelled draging up her bag.
"I told you to pack light Ayeka." Sasami said walking ahead of her.
Ayeka was still trying to drag the bag up the hill.
"I can't carry this!" Ayeka yelled as she tripped over a rock and fell 
scraping her knee.
"Ow!" Ayeka held her knee.
Ryoko was floating by with her bag laughing at her.
"Tough luck princess. Ahahaha." Ryoko went ahead to the campsite. All 
off a sudden Washu pulled her down by her leg.
"Hey!" Ryoko yelled barly landing on her feet. "What's the big idea?"
Washu was angry. "Were in public! Anyone can see you. You can't be 
flying around like that."
"She's right Ryoko." Kiyone said walking closer to the 2. "If anyone 
sees us we can be in huge trouble.
Ayeka on the other hand was left behind by the others. Tenchi was coming 
up the hills with the rest of the bags. Then he saw Ayeka with her leg. 
Tenchi then quickened his pace and walked to Ayeka's aid.
"Ayeka, are you alright?" Tenchi asked putting down the bags.
"I'm ok....I guess." Ayeka said looking into Tenchi's eyes.
Tenchi bent down to pick up Ayeka. The rest of the gang was already at 
the top of the hill. Tenchi carried Ayeka there. She was almost 
completly red. Tenchi was too.
Finnaly he and Ayeka (plus the bags) made it to the mountain
"Look who finnaly showed up." Ryoko said
Tenchi then put Ayeka on her feet.
"Can you walk?" Tenchi said 
"Yes." Ayeka said standing up holding on to Tenchi
Ryoko was looking at them weird.
"Hey! What do you think your doing what my man Ayeka?!" Ryoko said 
teleporting by Tenchi hugging him.
"He belongs to me." Ryoko said
Ayeka was raving mad.
"Now see here Ryoko! He is not YOUR man!" Ayeka said pulling on Tenchi.
"Oh no. Not again." Mihoshi said roasting her marshmallow.
"Girls please." Tenchi said with his arms stretches across.
Ryoko then saw a snake. She quickly picked it up and stuffed it down 
Ayeka's shirt.
"Take that princess!" Ryoko said laughing.
"Ahhhhh!" Ayeka started to scream and push Tenchi away as she runs into 
the forest.
"Ayeka wait!" Tenchi said running after her. Ryoko then grabs Tenchi's 
arm.
"Tenchi no, Stay with me." Tenchi snaches his arm away from Ryoko and 
runs after Ayeka deep into the woods.
"Ayeka?! Ayeka, where are you?" Tenchi yells through the woods. He then 
hears a sniffling sound.
"Miss Ayeka?" Tenchi spots Ayeka and walks to her.
"Are you ok Ayeka?" Tenchi said sitting next to her.
Ayeka quickly wiped off her tears and look at Tenchi.
"I hate camping! I hate Ryoko!" She said to Tenchi
"When I was little I hated camping. Sasami always loved it. She couldn't 
wait till we were out. Me....I never was use to nature."
Tenchi wraped his arms around Ayeka.
"It's ok." He said looking into her eyes. "I'm here now."
Ayeka looked at him back.
"Tenchi, I want you to make love to me, right here in the forest." Ayeka 
said getting close.
"What!? Miss Ayeka I can't." Tenchi said scooting away.
Suddenly Ayeka pulled Tenchi forward and kissed him hard with tounge. At 
this time Tenchi gave up and went on. Ayeka started to rub Tenchi's back 
and clutched it. Tenchi began holding her thighs and rubbing up and down 
on them. Ayeka began to lift her leg and both Tenchi and her lost their 
balance and fell flat on the floor. They coutinued making out and 
rolling on the ground. Tenchi began holding Ayeka close and squeesing 
her. He then reached under her shirt and started to massage her breast. 
"Oh Tenchi!" Ayeka said as he started to scratch at her nipples. He then 
pulled off her shirt and reveled a purple bra and he unfastend it. Then 
her breast poped out. Tenchi's eyes widen and grabed them.
"Ahh! Tenchi!" Ayeka said as he started to suck on them.
Ayeka began to grab Tenchi's hair and moan.
Tenchi then stopped and flipped on his back as Ayeka pressured him on 
his back. Ayeka then got on top of him and pulled off Tenchi's pants and 
boxers. Then she started to kiss him passionatly. Tenchi then began to 
rub Ayeka's back as they kissed. While kissing Tenchi, Ayeka started to 
tickle his penis. Tenchi jumped then he relaxed his body as he got use 
to the intesity. After going at Kiyone and Mihoshi he started to be come 
more sesitive. Tenchi sighed as Ayeka started to get a little rough. 
Ayeka then started to take off her pants and her panties.
"Oh Tenchi I always wanted to do this! I beg you Tenchi! Please me!" 
Ayeka said loud and proud. Tenchi wasn't supised to hear Ayeka say this. 
Ayeka had had a crush on Tenchi since...well forever. Tenchi didn't 
hesatate as he shoved his penis inside od Ayeka. Ayeka screamed with 
delight as Tenchi entered her body. 
"Oh Tenchi!" Ayeka said
Tenchi then started to put rythem in it and started to hit Ayeka 
harder...harder....harder...Ayeka shreaked everytime Tenchi pushed into 
her. Ayeka then shot out some cum and fell on the ground. She then 
turned around limp and layed Tenchi down. She then suddenly gave him a 
blowjob as Tenchi moaned loud of plessure. Ayeka began to squeese and 
suck it hard and tough. Tenchi grabed Ayeka's hair leaning his head back 
as she chewed on it like a chew toy. Tenchi knew that if she kept this 
up her would expolde in her mouth. 
"Ayeka.....I'm going to expolode in your mouth....You should stop." 
Tenchi said holding it in.
Ayeka ignored Tenchi and countinued to suck. Tenchi couldn't hold it as 
he shot out cum in her mouth. Ayeka swallowed it all like a hungry 
newborn baby. Tenchi began to moan even louder as Ayeka sucked harder 
and faster. Tenchi still countinued his endless stream up cum and Ayeka 
welcomed it with open arms. Ayeka then gave Tenchi one last suck and 
stopped having Tenchi's sperm on her face as she and  Tenchi both 
colapsed on the ground. They both fell asleep. Tenchi and Ayeka both 
woke up to the shouting of their names.
"TENCHI, WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU!?" Ryoko was screaming as Tenchi 
scrambled to get his clothes on. Ayeka pulled him down.
"Tenchi no! Let's tell them how much we love each other." 
"No! If Ryoko heard about this she would kill me!" Tenchi jerked his 
hand from Ayeka got dressed and ran to the voices.  He then ran right 
into a tree and was knocked out.
"Tenchi? Hello?" Washu said looking down at Tenchi.
"Where-where am I?" Tenchi rubbed his head and sat up.
"We are at home." Washu said standing infront of Tenchi in her lab.
"You had quite a knock out." Washu said giving Tenchi a bag of ice.
"You should get some rest." 
Tenchi nodded and rested his headon the pillow. "Ok, Thanks Miss Washu."
Washu then smacked Tenchi in the head with her flyswatter.
"Ow! What was the for?" He said rubbing his head with the bag of ice.
"It's Little Washu." Washu then left the lab leaving Tenchi to rest.
Tenchi then let out a big sigh.
"How could it get worse?" Tenchi then fell into a deep sleep.


FINNALY! I AM FINISHED! E-mails have been haunting me! Anyway, I've been 
really busy and distracted. I have Spring Break now so I'll probibly 
have Ryoko's Best done by Sunday (cough) 2 weeks from sunday (cough) 
so.....How did ya like it? I know it wasn't like Mihoshi's Best Or 
Kiyone's Best but hell, It's good. Well anyway, e-mail me if u think 
it's good. If u think it sucks then go ahead and say it. Express 
yourself as I always say. If you love it, e-mail me cause it inspires 
me. Really, I only got 5 e-mails. lol but It got me through. So please! 
I'm begging you to e-mail me if you like it or hate it. Hating it just 
makes me more inspired but saying u hate- aw fuck that. Just e-mail me 
if u can if u love it or hate it
mihoshi_spacegirl@yahoo.com.
COMING UP NEXT!
Ryoko's Best!
AFTER THAT!
Sasami's Best (Please don't say I'm a perve! Say that to the people who 
want me to write it.)
Lots of love,
Mihoshi
