                            -Standard disclaimer-
        This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to real people or
                   places is at least mostly coincidental.
        Many of the characters in this work are the property of AIC,
          Pioneer, and probably a number of other Japanese people.





                         Meanwhile, back on Jurai...

Zeratul guided the Queen Misaki to her husband’s chambers. The palace was
vast, and although he knew each and every corner, every nook and cranny, it
was still hard getting around it.

He sighed silently, remembering that a queen of the most powerful empire in
the universe was walking silently behind him. It had only been a month, but
he felt as if a great burden was rested upon his shoulders. All his
companions had gotten the backbreaking jobs, like cleaning the palace or
cooking for every member of the house of Jurai (quite an extended family).
Yet he alone was given the responsibility of protecting one of the Queens,
the most difficult job in the palace, save that of protecting the King
Azusa. Now THAT had to be a bitch.

Zeratul could only get nearly five hours of sleep a night, awaking to every
sound around the palace, making sure that Queen Misaki was safe. There had
been no attacks on the Royal palace since Ryoko, and even that was 700 years
ago. Still, it was a great honor to be even near one of the royal house of
Jurai. He could still see the faces of his rivals, especially that of all
the others that had been trained for this specific job. He was the best of
the best, and every one of his rivals knew it.

“Where are you taking me?” Asked the Queen suddenly. Zeratul woke from his
daze and looked around. Misaki was staring at him blankly. The King’s
chambers were on the right, and he had continued forward. Sweat started to
pour down his forehead.

“Im sorry, Queen Misaki.” He answered quickly, turning over to the doors.
Misaki giggled at his mistake.

“At least you’re human.”

“I beg your pardon?”

“Usually all my guards are like robots. They stay up all night, watching
over me without a wink of sleep. They walk like they also have a rod up
their ass, as if it was part of the training. But you, you’re human. You try
your best.”

Zeratul was dumbfounded by Misaki’s vocabulary. Then he realized he was
actually having a conversation-if not a good one-with the Queen of Jurai.

“Thank you.” He responded. With that, she smiled at him and went inside her
husband’s chamber. She was a lot nicer than he had thought. However, that
didn’t change the fact that this one of those nights. Every night Queen
Funaho and Misaki took turns going into their husband’s chambers. He knew
what would always go on inside, even if the other servants did not.

___

“But why, why don’t you want them back?” Questioned Misaki. She didn’t want
to sleep with Azusa tonight, but to have an honest conversation with him
about the Ayeka and Sasami back on earth.

“Can’t you see? They’ve been tainted by an unfit planet, and so they are
unfit to live in a house such as this one.” He said to her, his voice rising
with every word. “You should understand that. You know what the people of
Jurai expect of us.”

“Funaho was from planet Earth, and I see her a fit and appropriate Queen.”
Retorted Misaki.

“Funaho is different; she has spent more time with us on Jurai than on
Earth.”

“You mean to say that she’s more of us than they are?” Asked Misaki.

“Yes.”

Misaki had to think for a moment. All the time she never left his gaze. She
saw a small twitch in his complexion...

“Wait,” she said in a low voice. “When you married Funaho and me, you knew
that we were both untouched, so you don’t think th-”

“That’s not what I meant!” He cut off, his yell startling her. But she did
not back down.

“That’s exactly what you mean! How dare you believe that an honest man like
Tenchi could do such a thing!?”

“Once again, I-”

“What’s wrong with you!?” It was her turn to cut him off. “I don’t care even
if you are King, you don’t get to decide what I do with my daughters!”

“Shut up, you know as well as I do that he’s fucking them both as we speak!”
Azusa finally broke the ice.

Misaki looked at him with pure hatred. “I don’t beLIEVE you.” She hissed.
“To think that you ar-”

“SHUT UP!” He screamed. He started to advance on her.

“-Are my husband,” she continued, despite his walk. “That you could think
such things...” Azusa hit her with the back of his hand across the left side
of her face. She fell to the ground, beginning to feel tears swell across
her eyes.

“You small dick bastard,” she whispered loudly to him, tears now streaming
down her cheeks. His ring cut her in her left cheekbone, and the tears stung
like hell. “You won’t get away with this...”

Azusa reached down and yanked her up by the collar of her kimono. “Shut up,”
he growled with ferocious eyes. “You’re going back to your room and pretend
this didn’t happen. Got that?” He was now face to face with her. Misaki was
filled with terror. This was not the man she married.

“Wipe your tears and get out of my face.” With that he let her go, letting
her fall the ground. He took one last look at her frightened face and walked
to his bed slowly. Misaki slowly stood up, unable to comprehend the event
that had just happened, and walked out.

___

The Queen walked slowly out of the King’s quarters. Zeratul was surprised to
see that it had been about-he looked at his chrono- 45 minutes since they
had arrived. Misaki walked slowly in thought, completely forgetting that she
was bleeding. She forced herself to stop crying. Someone as regal as her
knew how to control herself. She didn’t realize that Zeratul was waiting
patiently beside her. She turned to look at him, quickly realizing her
mistake. It was too late, he saw her face wet with tears and slightly
smeared with blood form where her tears ran down. She turned her head and
walked quickly.

“Let us go,” she said in her most normal tone.

“But, Queen Misaki, you’re-”

“None of your business. Come now.”

Zeratul looked with disbelief at her. Something bad had happened in that
room, but she was right: it was none of his business. His duty was to
protect for the rest of (and with) his life this woman, not to question her.
Zeratul quickened his pace to catch up with the Queen now, who seemed to be
running. Not to get to somewhere quicker, though. It seemed like she was
running away.

___

When she had finally arrived to the last corridor leading to her room, she
began to slow down. How could he do such a thing? Misaki asked herself. I
know he loves them, but why? Why would he lose hope in his daughters? As she
pondered this question, she realized that she was on the ground.

“Queen Misaki, are you all right?” Asked Zeratul, his voice deeply
concerned.

Misaki found the strength to stand once more. It was slow, though, and she
found herself struggling to stand up. She tried to show nothing of it as she
walked. Zeratul could still see past her.

“Queen Misaki, if you want my help, I'll be happy to-” He stopped when he
saw her collapse to the ground. He went at once to her side.

“I, I cannot walk” She said weakly. “Take me quickly to my quarters.”

Zeratul picked her up and carried her with relative ease towards her room.
He felt like taking her to a nurse, but decided it was against her wishes.
He arrived at her door, pushed the door open, and put her in bed. He had
almost tripped on the way there on her large kimono, but had remained lucky.

“Close the door.” She demanded.

“But wouldn’t you-”

“Please close the door.” She pleaded. Her eyes grew big as she did. Zeratul
looked in her eyes and went to do as he was told. When he closed the doors,
he stood by it, completely silent, not knowing what to do know. He watched
Misaki cover her face and begin to weep. He could do nothing, except wait
for her orders. He tried closing his eyes and imagining something else, but
all he could see were her large blue eyes.

Screw this, he thought. My Queen needs me. He walked to her bed, slowly at
first, then more rapidly. He stopped right in front of her, then realized
his mistake. He had nothing to day to her, to comfort her in this time. She
didn’t even seem to notice him. Then he was struck with an idea. He walked
back noiselessly to her cabinet and pulled out a small cup.

___

I’m never going to talk to him again. Tomorrow I'm going to leave this
place. Maybe Ayeka and Sasami will let me live with them. That bastard’s
going to pay, though. Im not standing for his shit.

“Queen, would you like a drink of water?”

Misaki looked up to see Zeratul holding a tray with two glasses of water.
She then realized that she was parched. She held out her hand and took a
glass.

“Thank you for your assistance, Zeratul. I won’t forget this.” Misaki downed
it in one giant gulp. “You are one of the best guards I have ever had,
Zeratul. Most people would wait until I told them to get me some water. Then
they would probably ask me how much I needed.” They both laughed at her own
weak joke.

What a nice guard, she pondered. I can’t believe he’s actually doing this.
All of a sudden, she remembered why she was in her somber state. Tears began
to well up in her eyes once more. I can’t let him see me like this. I’d
rather go to the bathroom and cry. As she stood up, her legs gave way and
she grabbed at him for support. Misaki yelped as she knocked the water on
her chest and felt the cold water seep through her kimono. She fell back
down on to her bed, blushing for her mistake. Zeratul looked quickly at the
mess he thought he had made and took out some paper to wipe the water off
her.

Misaki was the first to notice that her kimono now clung to her body. She
quickly stood up to pull her kimono off of her chest when she fell back
again. Misaki thought that she would make a fool of herself once again by
falling back, but noticed that Zeratul had caught her on her way back down.
She seemed to be unconscious, as if Zeratul’s arm was the only thing
sustaining her, then she looked back up to see his face full of fear.

“Queen Misaki, please wake up. Are you all right?” He said forcefully, as if
he did wanted to believe his own words. Her kimono was stuck to her body
from legs to breasts, but Zeratul didn’t bother to take a free peek at her
slender body.

“Zeratul, do you think I am beautiful?” She said without thinking.

Zeratul was shocked at the question, but answered it anyway. “Yes. I believe
you are the most beautiful woman I have ever met. You are worthy of the name
Jurai.”

Misaki then bent over to kiss him. Her tongue slid in slowly, moving
sensually against his. Zeratul put her in the bed, for she was still weak in
her legs to stand, never removing his mouth from hers. All at once Misaki
commanded the lights off.

He pulled away from her and, slowly, grabbed Misaki’s right breast. She
began to moan as he fondled her cold nipple from the feel of silk. She slid
out of her kimono quickly and wrapped her arms around him. Zeratul took off
his uniform and tingled as he felt her skin for the first time. With his
free left hand he worked his way down and began to caress her thighs, then
the back of them. Misaki began to suck on his neck. She dragged her tongue
all the way from his neck to his lips, stopping there to accept his tongue
in her mouth.

“Uh,” She heard herself moan as Zeratul now began to tease her between the
legs. It was when he inserted his middle finger in that she stifled her cry
in his chest. Zeratul now lay on top of her, taking off his finger and
inserting his stiff penis inside of her. It was like some exquisite oil had
been laid upon him when he first entered her. He began to suck at her
nipples, playing with them while Misaki wrapped her legs around and began to
let him have control, but not while letting go of her own. He began moving
up and down, slowly to enjoy the moment. Soon after Misaki moved her legs
with him, not leaving his motion. Few minutes passed, with Misaki slowing
down sometimes to keep herself from crying out in pleasure. They both tried
to hold in their climaxes, but it had only worked for so long. Near the end
their small motion began quickly to become an excited bucking. Faster they
moved, with her moaning quickly to their quick movements. Zeratul kissed her
fiercely near the end, and she greeted his tongue by holding it in her mouth
and sucking on it. She let go of his tongue and gave a scream of pleasure,
once again stifling it greatly in his chest. He stopped his yell from being
heard on her shoulder.

___

When they were both done, Zeratul slid to his side, putting his arms behind
his head. Misaki rested her head in his side.

“Where do we go from here?” She asked nonchalantly.

“I don’t know, but I bet if your husband found out, he’d be pretty mad.”
Said Zeratul. Misaki smiled.

“He would, wouldn’t he?”

If you’ve gotten this far, thank you for reading my short story. This is the
first time I’ve ever written anything that has to do with porn. In fact,
this is my first fan fiction ever. If you want to ask me something, or want
to tell me if I did something wrong with my story, please E-mail me a
beastieboy@peoplepc.com, I would really appreciate it.