Tenchi Muyo and all of it's characters are property of AIC and Pioneer and I am 
not making, nor plan to make any money off of it.  As always, DBZ is Funimations 
property
but since I'm only using the saiyan legend that's all that I need to say is 
Funimations. 

 NOTE!  BIG NOTE!: Before reading on, you MUST read this to understand what I 
have done.  Okay, first of all, I am crossing over the Tenchi OVA universe, and 
Tenchi TV
(Tenchi Universe for CN people).  All this means, is that Kiyone is going to be 
in it, oh, and there will be a crossover from my stories in an earlier fic of 
mine.  Meaning my
character, Broka, is going to be in it also, you can think of him as a SI 
character, but the only reason he's in here is because any other male character 
would have been
just wrong when something happens to them later on.  I'm not going to take the 
time to describe him, just browse through the fan fic The Boy with a Strong Arm 
and A
Good Heartfor a description of him.  And I'll have you know, pedophilia is just 
WRONG, so I'm leaving Sasami OUT OF THIS...well sort of, she's going to be in 
it, but only
for the first couple scenes at the fair, BUT NO LEMON! (cheers and waves flags)  
Those with a weak stomach should not read this, being as I will go into 
much...MUCH
detail, and a weird twist at the end, but I'll try to make it as funny as 
possible (if it is).  Oh, and if you were following my SI story (yes, 
unfourtuently he is a SI), this has
nothing to do with the story, sort of like Daughter of Darkness, no need to tell 
how Kiyone is there, she just is, and for the fun of it, let's say Broka can go 
SSJ3. 
Whatdaya say?

 WARNING!  WARNING! (WHOOP!WHOOP!WHOOP!):  If you are 18 or under, please, for 
your sake, turn back!  This fic contains scenes that could be devaststing to the
immature mind, although I'm sure guys the ages of 14 + up know what's going on, 
and some of the words planning to be used.  You know what, JUST TURN BACK!  THIS
COULD BE DEVASTATING TO THE ADULT MIND!

 (The opinions expressed here are not nesscicarily those of the readers, thank 
you.)

 ********

 The large ferris wheel at the annual Tokyo Fair spins slowly as Tenchi, Broka, 
Nobiyouki, and all the girls stare up at it.

 "Wow!  I haven't been to a fair for years," Broka exclaims, watching the wheel 
go around and around.

 "Well, we can't stay long, Okiyama isn't a stroll down the road," Nobiyouki 
says to him.

 "Well, let's split up, we'll be able to see more of what we want to see then if 
we were to travel in a group," Tenchi says.

 Surprisingly, Ayeka calmly says, "I'll go with Sasami."

 "I should keep an eye on Mihoshi," Kiyone says.

 The four walk off, and Ryoko smiles evily, "Well Tenchi, that leaves you 
and...huh?" she stops when she sees Broka dragging Tenchi with his forearm 
around his neck,
choking Tenchi.

 "C'mon wimp, let's start at the shooting gallery," Broka yells, as Tenchi's 
face becomes blue.  Ryoko's eye starts to twitch.  She looks around to find 
Washu but finds that
she has already left. "Figures," she thought, and looked at Noboyouki, who was 
grinning evily.

 "You touch me, and you'll have to walk backwards to see forward," Ryoko assures 
him, Nobiyouki starts to sweat, they walk off.

 Sasami and Ayeka come to a stop as they see a haunted house in front of them, 
Sasami eyes widen.  "Sister, let's go in there, I've read this place is supposed 
to be
really scary."

 "Well, I don't know...people have been seriously injured by things popping out 
of nowhere, and with your young heart I'm not sure you could take it."

 "Pleeeeeaaaasssseeee," Sasami whines, with big puppy dog eyes.

 How could Ayeka turn her down, "All right, but only once okay, we need the rest 
of our money for food and other rides." Sasami jumped in excitement and pulled 
Ayeka
into the electric cart and it rolled into the darkness.

 Ten minutes pass when the two princesses return from their ride, Sasami has a 
large happy smile on her face as the cart stops, Ayeka is pale white, 
motionless, and
frozen.  Sasami jumps out of the cart and tries to get Ayeka out, who seems to 
be stuck to the seat, she walks over to the director of the ride and motions him 
towards
Ayeka.  He nods, pulls out a crowbar, and walks to the cart.  It takes several 
seconds for the director to pry Ayeka out of the cart, but he's able to, and 
sets her down on a
bench, Sasami grabs some cotton candy.

 

 

 At this time, Broka has Tenchi unconcscious.

 "Let's see...the fried noodles stand is that way...so the shooting...huh," he 
pauses as he realizes that Tenchi is near dead, he lets go, "Sorry." He buys a 
bottle of water
and splashes it in his face.

 "GAH!  What happened?!" Tenchi yells as he bolts upright.

 Before Broka answers, a familiar little voice pops into Tenchi's head...

 <You should have seen it!  Kagato jumped you from behind then the fairy 
princesses dragged you into the Pit of Endless despair, and right now you're 
about do to all the
women at once in a crazy orgy!  RUN!>

 Tenchi screams and tries to run but Broka snatches his collar.

 "Teka?" Broka asks calmly.

 It takes several minutes for Tenchi to realize what happened, "Yeah.  He's been 
bothering you too?"

 "I ignore him.  He's an ignorant self-conscious twerp but you'll get used to 
him."

 "So where's the shotting gallery?"

 "I'm not..." before he finishes a pleaseant voice calls them.

 "Tenchi!  Broka!  Over here!"

 The two turn around to see Mihoshi and Kiyone walking down the dirt walkway.  
Mihoshi breaks out into a fast jog and catches up to them.

 "Hey!  Where are you guys going?" she asks with a little skip in her voice.

 "Shooting gallery," Tenchi exclaims, "Where are you two going?"

 "Same place you are.  We just took a longer route because SOMEBODY wanted to 
stop at the funhouse," Kiyone says, with a look of concern at Mihoshi.

 "But I just wanted to see all the neat stuff in there," Mihoshi complains back.  

 Before Kiyone can argue back, a clown pops up behind them which startle the 
four.

 "Well hello there!  My what a big gathering we got here!  And such pretty 
ladies we got here too!" he notices Broka, who right now is a little pale, "Oh, 
and this big boy
must be your boyfriend Missy," he points towards Kiyone, who just stares with 
confusion, " I'd bet you'd like a..."  before he finishes, Broka screams and 
punches the
clown right in the face, which sends him about thirty feet in the air and fifty 
feet away from them.

 "What was that for?!" Tenchi screams at him.

 In a very passive and innocent voice, Broka replies, "Clowns scare me."

 That one didn't even deserve a face-fault, as the other three drop there heads 
to their knees and walk in the direction they were going.

 "C'mon!  Anyone who does stuff like that has to be some kind psycho!" Broka 
yells at the three slump figures.  They don't say a word and head off into the 
shooting
gallery.  Meanwhile...

 Ryoko picks up a rather round softball, and squints her eyes at the red and 
white bullseye in front of her.  The bullseye is connected to this rather 
strange platform, with
an even stranger thing sitting on it...Nobiyouki.

 "C'mon Ryoko.  You don't want to do this..."

 "Shut up!" she yells back at him, as she winds her arm up and fires the ball 
straight for the middle of the target.  As the ball impacts the center, the pin 
holding up the
platform is ripped from the socket, and Nobiyouki splashes into the water.  As a 
second reaction, the ball shatters the target, and creates a large gust of wind 
as it flies
towards the edge of the lake.

 "Bullseye!" Ryoko yells, as she aggresively pulls the stuffed bear from the 
extremely amazed game director.  "One more game!" she yells again, reaching into 
her pockets
for some more money.

 "No!  My nose is too stuffed with water as it is!" Nobiyouki yells from the 
edge of the tank.

 "That's what noseplugs are for," she fires back, with an evil grin and ball 
bouncing up and down in her hand.  "Now get on that platform before I make you!" 
Nobiyouki
quickly struggles to get on the platform, "I'm not going to wait all day!  Hurry 
up and..." she stops, and looks to her left.  About ten feet away, a fairly 
good-sized tent has
appeared, " That's strange, I don't remember that before," she sets the ball 
down and slings her extremely large bag of stuffed toys over her shoulder, "But 
for some
reason...I just gotta check it out," she says with a smile, and heads off 
towards the ominous tent.

 

 At the shooting gallery, Tenchi and company arrive there, Mihoshi is the first 
one there...take a guess what she pulls out of her pocket.  After paying the 
clerk, she pulls
out her blaster and aims it at the target...the other three restrain her.

 "Mihoshi!  Number one rule...NEVER REVEAL YOUR WEAPONS!" Kiyone screams at 
Mihoshi, not noticing that every one within a twenty foot radius has run away
either from the gun Mihoshi pulled out, or Kiyone's screams about revealing a 
weapon.

 "We might want to get out of here," Tenchi says nervously, "the cops might be 
here real soon."

 As if on cue, police sirens come blaring up the streets.  Broka throws Kiyone 
on his back and picks up the other two in his arm.  "Hang on!" he yells as he 
powers up and
quickly flies away from there.

 

 Meanwhile... (there are a lot of scene changes so far, I know)

 Ryoko pulls back the curtain of the tent...and sees an old woman sitting on a 
futon.  She raises her head towards Ryoko.

 "Welcome child.  Please, have a seat," on these words, Ryoko graciously sits 
down. "Now, I know what you want, and you'll get it...but for me to...give you 
absoulutely
what you want...you must do some minor things for me."

"I'm not doing anything until you tell me exactly what I want," Ryoko says with 
a hint of disbelief.

 The old woman smiles, "Very well," she lifts her head up and closes her eyes, 
"Ah...I see many young women surrounding something...you are in there.  And 
what's
this?  A young man, very muscular, is standing right next to the 
girls...laughing at the thing the other young woman are surrounding..."

 "That's Broka probably laughing at Tenchi," Ryoko says, with a little 
curiosity.

 "Mmm hmmm...and you are arguing with another young lady...with long purple 
ponytails...and she has an accent in her voice...like a...a..."

 "Bitchy accent?  Snobby accent?  The "high and mighty" accent?  The "I'm an 
extremely popular princess and you're not," kind of accent?"

 "Yes...that's it.  And two other women are fighting, one keeps apologizing 
constantly and constantly, and the other is trying to ring her neck..."

 "Mihoshi and Kiyone...go on," Ryoko says with her full attention on the old 
woman.

 "And two smaller woman, but I'm having trouble with the red haired one, she 
keeps changing from a twelve year old girl to a very gorgeous teenager."

 Ryoko is too shockd for words.

 "And the young boy in the middle...he's a cute kid, but very shy and won't 
speak up his feelings to anyone.  He is the object of your affection, this 
Tenchi."

 Ryoko almost falls on her face from leaning so close to the old woman.  She 
opens her eyes and smiles at Ryoko, "Is that it?  Is he your object of 
affection?" Ryoko
quickly nods his head, the woman smiles some more, "I got just the thing that 
will make you yours," she gets up and heads to the back of the tent.  She 
returns a minute
later with a large box, she sets it down in front of her and looks at Ryoko. "Of 
course, before I give you this, you must give me something in return."

 "Anything!  ANYTHING!"

 "Ten thousand yen," Ryoko doesn't mind falling to the ground now, her face 
nearly buried in the dirt.  She gets up and starts to yell.

"Ten thousand yen?!  I don't have that kind of money!  How am I supposed to buy 
something that will give me Tenchi?!"

 "Sorry lady, it's a business and this is how you run it," Ryoko is shocked at 
the quickness of change in the old womans voice.  "But, I'll be here all day, 
and if you return
with the money...I'll gladly sell you this box."

 Ryoko looks coldly at the woman, and storms out of the tent.

 "Ten thousand yen?  Only Ayeka has that much money, not even with all the other 
girls money put together I still won't be able to..."

 "Broka!  Where'd you get all that money?!"

"I...uh...borrowed it off of Ayeka."

 Ryoko grins at her oppurtunity.  She turns around to see Broka arguing with 
Tenchi, Mihoshi for some reason smiling, and Kiyone looking a little nautious.

 "That was fun!  Can we do that again?!" Mihoshi squeals, completely ignoring 
the two guys arguing.

 "You know you're not supposed to take money from her unless you ask!" Tenchi 
screams at Broka.

 "Well...it wasn't like she was going to need it anyway.  Last time I saw her 
she was frozen to a bench," Broka nervously says.

 "Hey Broka," Ryoko intterupts their conversation, "Just how much money do you 
have there?"

 "Huh...(he flips the wallet open and looks through some yen)...about ten-
thousand..."

 "TEN-THOUSAND?!" Tenchi and Kiyone scream.

 "Do you know that pickpocketing is illegeal?!  And with that kind of money?!" 
Kiyone says, showing her authority as a GP.

 "I...guess so."

 "I can take that off of your hands if you want me to?" Ryoko kindly asks.  
Broka, sensing something is up, starts to look even more worried.

 "I can handle this money on my own Ryoko.  I don't need your help."

 "Maybe you can handle the money...but can you handle Ayeka?  I mean," Ryoko 
goes into her 'innocent girl' routine, "She can be so devilish and won't stop 
until all your
life signs are on the edge," she says, coming closer and closer to Broka with 
those big puppy dog eyes.

 "Forget it," Tenchi thinks as he storms towards Nobiyouki.

 "Some people will just never learn," Kiyone gets out, sighs, then heads towards 
the direction Tenchi is going, with Mihoshi trailing closely behind.

 "Hey guys!  Where are you going?  You can't leave me here with her."

 "Please...I'll take all the blame for it.  I know how to handle Ayeka."

 "I'm sure you do, and so do I."

 She flirtiously pushes her head into his side, "I'll be sure to put it to good 
use."

 Broka shrieks and leaps back, "YOU'RE HIGH AREN'T YOU?!  THAT IS NOT THE SAME 
RYOKO THAT WAS IN THE VAN WHEN SHE THREATENED TO KILL ME
FOR DRINKING HER SODA!"

 Ryoko blows the whole innocent girl thing, "You idiot!  I just need the money 
because there's something I need to buy that'll guarentee that I'll get Tenchi!  
I could give a
damn if Ayeka beats the crap out of you!"

 Broka breathes a sigh a relief, "Oh, hi Ryoko."

 Ryoko grabs his collar, "Don't HI me!  You either give me the money, or I'll 
tell the girls who sent all those nude pictures of them into every porno 
magazine around FOR
BEER MONEY!"

 "You...you wouldn't!"

 "Try me Saiya-jin scum!"

 "All right, all right," he fingers through his wallet and hands Ryoko the 
money, "You happy?"

 She jumps with joy, "VERY! ^_^".  She runs over Broka going towards the tent.

 "I don't even want to know," Broka says to himself, brushing the dirt off.

 Ryoko runs into the tent and shoves the money in the woman's face, "Here's your 
sticking money, now how do I get Tenchi?!" Ryoko yells with great impatience.

 The old woman counts the money, smiles and stuffs it in her pocket, "Very good.  
Now, here's the box," she slides the box towards Ryoko.  She rips the lid open 
to find a
very kinky maid's outfit, and several dozen boxes of pink powder...she is not 
very amused.

 "What the hell is..." she stops, realizing that the woman isn't there any more.  
Electricity shoots through her as she picks up the big box and storms out of the 
tent. 
"Since I bought it I might as well take it, it might make good firewood.

 [KA-BOOM!]

 "Looks as if Ayeka caught Broka," Ryoko thinks to herself. 

"YOU ARE SO DEAD YOU OVERGROWN APE!"

Broka runs by Ryoko at Mock 3, Ayeka quickly following, "I'm sorry Ayeka!  How 
many times do I have to tell you that?!"

 "YOU ARE GOING TO BURN IN HELL!"

 A drenched Nobiyouki walks next to Ryoko, "I think it's time to go home.  
What's that you got there Ryoko?"

 "Nothing," Ryoko says angerily.

 Out of nowhere Washu walks up to them.

 "And where have you been Washu?"

 "Doing some experiments.  What's in the box?"

 "Junk!"

 *************

 Back at the house, everyone has taken back to doing their regular chores, but 
Broka is keeping a safe distance from Ayeka.  Ryoko is pulling some wash items 
for the
onsen.  She finishes, and heads out to the onsen.  Before she goes out there, 
however, she picks up one of the small boxes filled with the pink powder, no 
reason for doing
it, just out of curiosity.

 She heads into the onsen, and kneels next to the water.  She removes her robe 
very gracefully,  and slips into the water.

 "That old hag," she thinks to herself, "If I ever find her again, she'll regret 
ever trying to rip me off," she pours some sake into a small cup and gulps it 
down and smiles, "At
least I didn't get the blame for it.  That dirty saiyan IS good for one thing, I 
guess." She looks over the sake bottle and sees the box, she grabs the box and 
opens the lid. 
It isn't very special powder, just a dull pink color.  

 "What the heck is this anyway," she dabs a little on her finger, sniffs it, 
then licks it off, "Taste's pretty  good," she looks on the side of the box.  It 
has a a warning
saying, 'DO NOT INHALE  OR INGEST IN EXCESS!'

 "Usually I wouldn't follow these kind of warnings but I'm tired," she stretches 
and lays into the water, "I'll just rest my eyes for a minute," she closes her 
eyes and silently
falls asleep.

 She wakens about an hour later with this weird feeling in her.

 "That was a nice nap (yawn)," she gets out of the water and puts on her robe, 
then notices that the onsen is descending, "That's weird, I wasn't ready to get 
out..."

 "Time for a nice bath," Tenchi says out loud with a happy tone to it.  Out of 
nowhere, a shiver runs through Ryoko's spine.

 "That was weird," her mood suddenly changes, "but no time to worry about it 
now, Tenchi's coming." She picks up the sake bottle and runs into the men's
washroom...never noticing that Broka has sprinted past Tenchi screaming, "FIRST 
ONE TO THE ONSEN!"

 Ryoko quickly slides the door open, and shuts it.  She walks all the way to the 
water's edge and looks into the water.  She smiles as she takes a swig of the 
sake in her
hands, and quickly throws it away from her.  She removes her robe, and listens 
for the sound of the door.  It comes, and she smiles even more.  She bends down 
and
starts to wash her calves.  Broka stares in shock.

 "What the hell is she doing," he thinks to himself, then realizes that he beat 
Tenchi up here, so she must be waiting for him. It wasn't that Broka didn't find 
Ryoko
attarctive or anything like that, but thinks of her and the other girls more 
like sisters, and not to intrude on their lives.  But why not have some fun, it 
couldn't hurt...well,
maybe it could, but it would be worth it.  He looks around for something, then 
looks back up at Ryoko, back still to Broka, but is now washing her breasts 
seductively.  He
looks at his hand, and grins evily.

 Ryoko washes slowly, making sure to get every part of her body, and enough so 
that Tenchi would get aroused, and realize what he wants.  She hears footsteps
approaching her, and grins to herself, "Yes Tenchi.  Finally, you are mine."

 "HOW'S IT GOING SWEET CHEEKS?!" Ryoko wakes from from her daze to suddenly find 
that Tenchi's voice has grown deeper...then she feels the hard hand smacking
against her left butt cheek.

 [SMACK!]

 She screams and whips around to see Broka laughing hysterically, trying to stay 
on his feet.

 [BOOM!]

 Broka crashes through the onsen door, just barely escaping the giant fireball 
approaching him, he sprints down the hall, knocking over Tenchi.  Ryoko flies 
out of the door
with fire blazing around her. 

"YOU GET BACK HERE AND FACE ME LIKE A MAN!"

 "Who are you calling a man," Broka calls back in a bad falsetto voice.

 "YOU ARE SO FUCKING DEAD IF I EVER GET MY HANDS ON YOU!"

 Broka leaps into the air and flies to the house.  As soon as he lands, he takes 
off in another sprint into the house, and into Washu's lab.  Ryoko quickly 
follows him and
bangs on the door.

 "OPEN THIS DOOR!  LET ME IN!"

 "Not by the hairs on my chinny-chin chin," Broka chants back.

 "YOU'LL HAVE TO COME OUT SOME TIME, AND WHEN YOU DO, YOU'LL GET IT, BUT GOOD!"

 She teleports back to the onsen, mad as all hell.  Little does Broka realize 
that she is SO right.

 **************

 A day has passed since Ryoko nearly killed Broka.  They made ends meet, through 
blood and bruises though.  Ryoko has just wakened up, and awaited everyone else
for breakfast.  First one down, is Sasami, following closely by Nobiyouki.  But 
Sasami doesn't have on her regular cooking close, she has on some traveling 
clothes.

 "Hey Sasami.  What's with the outfit," Ryoko asks.

 "Oh, father is just going to take me to a friend of his.  I won't be back for 
about a week though, so you'll have to manage on your own."

 "What," Ryoko asks in confusion.

 "She insisted that I take her with me, and it isn't like there's nothing wrong 
with taking her, so I agreed," Nobiyouki answers her.  Ryoko turns around and 
kneels on the
couch.

 "But who's going to cook for us?"

 "I shall do that," comes a very demure voice from the staris, "Being Sasami's 
sister, I take some lessons from her, and can cook almost as good as she does."

 "I'll belive it when I see it," Ryoko agressively says back.

 "Then prepare to believe," Ayeka says, walking down the steps as if entering a 
grand ballroom.  She walks through the door while Mihoshi and Kiyone come from 
their
room.

 "Mihoshi, try to behave like a civilized person today, please?"

 "What are you talking about?  I am civilized, a little clumsy, but civilized."

 "'A little?'" Kiyone fires back.

 Ryoko watches the two officers make their way to the table, and Sasami and 
Nobiuyouki leaving.

 "Where's Tenchi and Broka," Mihoshi asks.

 "Must still be asleep," Kiyone answers, "either that or they're not feeling 
well."

 "Broka's out like a light, and Tenchi had a little accident when he woke up," 
Ryoko says.

 "Did that accident happened to be called Ryoko," Ayeka snobbishly asks.

 Ryoko sticks her tongue out at her.

 "Oh, could somebody help me with the cooking?  It's not much, I just need 
someone to pour some garlic into the sauce."

 "I'll do it," Mihoshi yells, quickly jumping to her feet and running into the 
kitchen.

 "Good, now don't put too much on it now.  Only three tablespoons.  That sauce 
is for tommorow night, and it'll spoil if you put too much on it."

Mihoshi rummages through the cuboards, but only finds an empty shaker, "We're 
all out of garlic."

 "There's some more in the bottom cuboard, in a small box."

 Mihoshi opens the door to find one large box with many smaller boxes in them, 
the garlic is pink, but she thinks that it's a new kind of garlic.  She scoops 
three spoonful's
of it, and pours it into the sauce.

 Mihoshi quickly returns to the table, they eat ten minues later, then leave.

 

 

 Around eleven o'clock, Broka and Tenchi started to wake up, and Ryoko and 
Kiyone are sitting on the couch, Ryoko curiously sifting through (what else) the 
powder.

 "What is that Ryoko," Kiyone asks.

 "Huh, oh, oh, this.  It's nothing, just something I found."

 Around that time, Mihoshi comes out of the kitchen with several boxes of her 
own.  "Hey Kiyone!  What is this?!  I thought it was some new garlic, but I 
tried it, and it
doesn't taste like garlic.  It's actually kind of sweet."

 "And you put it in Ayeka's teriyaki sauce didn't you?"

 "Uh-huh."

 "Mihoshi, why do I got to keep telling you to watch what you're doing," Kiyone 
says, very frustrated. 

Mihoshi's eyes start to tear up, "I'm sorry Kiyone, I only wanted to help."

 Kiyone sighs, "No one will notice anyway, don't worry about it."

 "And put those boxes down, I payed ten-thousand yen for them!" Ryoko yells 
back.

 "You what?"

 Ayeka then comes through the hall doorway, "I need someone to help me hang 
clothes, I can't do everything by myself you know."

 "Coming!" Mihoshi yells.

 Then...the inevitable happens, Broka and Tenchi come yawning from the top of 
the stairs as Mihoshi runs over to help Ayeka.  She doesn't see the tipped over 
sake bottle
on the floor, and steps right onto it.  She falls backwards, sending billions 
upon billions of of the powder into the air.  Conviently enough, a big ball of 
the stuff hits each girl
right in the face, and Tenchi and Broka take a deep breath of it.

 "What the *cough* hell is this?! *cough*" Tenchi yells.

 "I *cough* know this from *cough* somewhere." Broka answers back.

 The four girls however, seem to be coughing uncontrolably.

 As the dust clears, Tenchi coughs some more times before filtering it out of 
his system, "You know this stuff from somewhere?" he asks, trying to get the 
weird taste out
of his mouth.

 Broka smacks his lips together, then notices a small patch of the powder on the 
railing, he swipes a little off with his finger, tastes it, then comes with a 
conclusion,
"AH-HA!  I thought so!" he turns to Tenchi, "This stuff is called Xtrogen 109.  
It's is a sexually stimulating powder that is illegeal in over one-million 
planets."

 "Illegeal?!"

 "Don't worry, Earth hasn't really reached the vastness of outer space, so it's 
one of the few planets that will permit it."

 "So, are we in any trouble?"

"Not really, it doesn't affect men that much, in makes us a little horny, but 
that's all.  This stuff is based more on women, being as it contains the 
hormones that controls a
woman's sex drive."

 "Why is it illegeal?"

 "Because the hormoes used are of the rawest form.  They are so raw, that too 
much will drive a woman over the edge, turning them into a sex monster.  It's 
illegeal
because during the time when it was used the most..."

 "Two thousand years ago?"

 "You'd be surprised.  Anyway, during that time, there were over one hundred 
million cases of women raping men.  Although it's hard to say it's rape, most of 
the men
caught up in it allowed the women to do that.  But after that it was illegeal, 
being as they were getting kind of scared when people more built then me started 
to run to them
and cry."

 "Oh, okay..."

 Both of their eyes shoot open, "What?" They slowly turn their head and notice 
that the four girls have stopped coughing and are staring at them with hunger in 
their eyes.

 In a small voice, Broka squeaks out, "They go after the first man they see, and 
since we were here at the same time," he takes a big gulp, "they want both of 
us."

 "Maybe, if we don't move they won't notice us," Tenchi's observation is quickly 
broken when they all take a  step towards them, "What do we do now?"

 "You see the way they're walking?"

 "Yeah."

 "Well run the other way."

 They burst out in a speed of panic, running through the hallway, the bedroom 
doors scurrying by.  A ball of energy knocks Broka down to his feet.  Tenchi 
tries to help him
up, but Broka refuses, "No!  Run!  Save yourself!  Just remember one thing!  
Don't stop!  Don't ever stop!  Go!  NOW!" Tenchi doesn't have to argue with this 
one, "The
window in my room should be open!  Use that as an escape!" Tenchi runs into 
Broka's room, long enough to hear his screams, "LET GO OF ME!  NO!  WHAT ARE YOU
DOING?!  DON'T YOU TOUCH ME-E!  AHHHHHHH!" his screams get softer when Tenchi 
realizes his window isn't open.  He tries to open it but it's locked, he backs 
into
the door, muttering what he is going to do.  He doesn't have to answer back as 
two sleek arms pop through the door and try to grab him.  He ducks under them, 
charges at
the window, and crashes through it.  He rolls down the roof and hits the ground 
harshly.  He grunts in pain but realizes he has no time to recover and starts to 
sprint
towards the steps of the shrine.  As he gets to the bottom steps he turns to see 
Ayeka and Ryoko emerging fom the house, looking around the property.  

 "Poor Broka," Tenchi thinks to himself, "I don't want to know what Kiyone and 
Mihoshi are doing to him."  He runs as fast as he cans up the stairs, and 
quickly running
out of breath.  As he reaches the top, he nearly collapses from loss of breath, 
then he turns around to see Ryoko and Ayeka running up the stairs.  "No time to 
rest," he
thinks, and runs into Katsuhito's main office.  

 "Grandpa!  Grandpa!  You got to help me!  The girls are..." he stops when he 
realizes that he isn't there.  On the table is a note saying, "Dear Tenchi...I 
had some last
minute business to deal with...I'll be back in a couple days...Have fun 
~Katsuhito"

"That rotten old man...he saw that crap last night when he was looking for 
something to eat," Tenchi growls to himself.  He hears the sound of approaching 
foosteps and
Tenchi quickly looks around for somewhere to hide.  He then recalls a small 
cubby hole where he would hide whenever he was in trouble...[Authors note:  Oh 
all right! 
That's lame, I know! ~ JS]...if he could remember where it was.  He found it in 
no time at all, and quickly jumped into it.

 Safe!  As long as he kept quiet, they wouldn't find him for quite a while, 
hopefully by then the drug would wear off, unless...

 <You...PUSSY!>

 ...him.

 <I don't believe you!  I work and slave and bust my butt all day to steer you 
in the right direction and what do I get for my trouble?!  NOTHING...>

 "Shut up."

 <All I want you to do, is when you come home, whip off Ryoko's shirt and have a 
GRAND OL' TIME, SO I COULD!>

 "Shut up."

 <I bet Broka is having the time of his life with Mihoshi and Kiyone, WHILE 
YOU'RE SITTING HERE SCARED OUT OF YOUR WITS BY WOMEN!>

 "Shut up."

 <You're gay aren't you?!  I can't believe it...half of me is gay.>

 "Shut up."

 < I bet you had a hard time killing Kagato didn't you?!  'Damn, he's too cute 
to kill.' That's what you said to yourself, didn't you?!>

 "Shut up."

 <I even bet you scolded Mihoshi for killing Seiryo.  I bet you wanted to show 
him how you could handle Tenchi-ken!>

 "SHUT UP!" Tenchi claspes his hands over his mouth, deep inside his head, he 
here's the sinister chuckle of Teka.  Before he blacked out, all he saw were two 
arms
wrapping around him, and dragging him through the wall.

 ****************

 Minutes later, at the Masaki house, the alarm is reaching twelve o'clock.  
Tenchi wakes up...and realizes that he's handcuffed to his bed, everything 
except his boxers
have been removed, and Broka is in another bed at  the far end of the room with 
the same treament.  He's already awake, and not too happy.

 "When did I get another bed," Tenchi asks.

 "I don't know, but whatever it is I don't like it," Broka answers him.

 Tenchi pulls on the handcuffs, they don't even give a little bit, "Hey, you're 
superstrong, aren't you?  You can break these things, can't you?"

 "You don't think I already tried that," Broka says with aggitation.

 "But why can't you?!  You're the strongest person in the universe, handcuffs 
should be like toothpicks to you..."

 "Look on the side."

 Tenchi, a little confused, looks over at his handcuffs, on the part wrapped 
around his wrist, the words "Washu Made," is inscripted on it.  "Oh.  Well what 
do we do now?"

 "What else can we do?  Await the inevitable.  They inhaled, ingested, and 
diffused enough of that crap to make them go for three days."

 Tenchi starts to sweat, "You're...kidding?  Right?"

 "Nope.  And fatigue to them is like common sense to a drunk.  There is none."

 Tenchi would have face-faulted if it weren't for the fact that he's handcuffed 
down.  "We're doomed," he mutters.

 "We're doomed."

 "So how did they get you in here?"

 "Well, after Ryoko blasted me down.  Mihoshi and Kiyone each grabbed a leg and 
dragged me into your room, where they proceeded to strip me and handcuff me to 
your
bed.  How 'bout you?"

 "I stopped running."

 Broka breathes with disgust, "I thought I told you never to stop!"

 "I couldn't help!  I was out of breath!  I hid in a small hole I used to go to 
when I was little, and it worked for a while until...until..." Tenchi grits his 
teeth in anger.

 "Couldn't ignore him, could you?"

 "Nope.  He's annoying as hell.  After I yelled, Ryoko pulled me through and I 
don't know what happened after that."

 "Well, it's only a matter of time before they come up here."

 "Yea.  What are they doing anyway?

 "Beats me, probably finding something arousing to put on," he stops as he hears 
footsteps, "What's that?"

 Tenchi starts to panic, "They're coming!  They're coming!"

 Broka starts to tremble with fear, "It was nice knowing ya' buddy," he looks 
down at his pants, "both of ya's."

 The door slides open, Broka and Tenchi shriek and close their eyes, after 
several seconds of silence, they both peek open one eye...then they start to cry 
with joy.

 "WASHU!" They both yell.

 "What's going on?  Are you two hiding something?"

 Broka ignores Washu, "Oh dearest, cutest, sweest littlest, little Washu!  We 
are in some sort of a prediciment, could you help us?"

 "What's going on?"

 "No time to explain.  Please unlock us and we'll tell you all about it 
afterwards."

 "We'll even donate samples for you...plenty of samples."

 "Really?  You'll give me samples," both nod their heads, "Well, lets get 
started," and with that, Washu leaps onto Tenchi and reaches for his pants.

 "AHHH!  WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!"

 "You promised samples, and I'm getting samples.  Now hold still."

 "WE'LL GIVE YOU SAMPLES AFTERWARDS!  NOT NOW!"

 "LET US GO WASHU OR YOU'LL NEVER BE CUTE AGAIN!" Broka screams at the top of 
his lungs, vioently trying to break the handcuffs.

 At that time, the door once again slides open.  Broka's face of anger and 
hatred changes, as he looks over at a beautiful yet deadly sight, it changes to 
a face of fear and
horror.  At the doorway, the four older women stand there.  Mihoshi, in that 
kinky little maid's outfit stashed in the box Ryoko bought.  Ryoko, 
in...well...let's just say her
birthday suit.  Kiyone is just in a big, wet t-shirt, it stretches all the way 
down to her knees.  Ayeka...think S&M.

 Besides for the small sliver running down their noses, Broka's and Tenchi's 
faces are completely drained of blood.  Washu is in too much horror to say 
anything.  Ayeka
looks at her viciousley.

 "Out...now," Washu doesn't have to argue with her.  She slips a little bit 
before running out of the room, Mihoshi closes the door behind them.  The four 
walk to the center
of the room.  Broka and Tenchi are trembling like crazy.  All four smile 
hungerly at them.  Then Mihoshi and Kiyone turn to Broka, and Ayeka and Ryoko 
turn towards
Tenchi.

 "We'll switch whenever we want to, that all right with you Ryoko?" Kiyone asks, 
her eyes never leaving Broka.

 "Fine with me," Ryko answers, licking her lips.

 They all start forward towards their men.  Broka desperetly tries to cross his 
legs, but with his legs handcuffed too, it's no use.  Kiyone wastes no time, 
gently sliding
Broka's boxers down to his ankles, exposing his slightly larger then usual 
penis.

 "Can't we talk about this Kiyone?  You know, over some tea?  Wine?  Sake?  
Beer?" he stops when Kiyone grabs his penis with her hands, "Cup of sperm, 
maybe?"

 Kiyone removes one hand from Broka's penis to raise her dripping wet t-shirt 
above her waist giving Broka a worm's eye view of her vagina.  She then directs 
his penis
straight into her vagina, making sure it nudges her clitoris to give her a 
starting feeling of pleasure.  She moans a little while Broka gives a little 
grunt, trying to ovecome his
hormones to fight back against Kiyone...but he was failing.  He holds back his 
semen and tries his hardest not to succumb to his man side, but he was a man 
after all,
and he broke.  But it wasn't Kiyone that broke him, while trying to resist, he 
feels the soft lips of a beautiful blonde on his lips.  This broke him, he 
obediently closes his
eyes and kisses Mihoshi passionently back. 

Ayeka and Ryoko have Tenchi in a panic on the other side of the room.  They 
gently caress his body, making sure to tingle every sensitive nerve that he has.  
Ryoko
slides her hand into his boxers, gliding it up and down his penis, which has 
grown abnormaly large as well.  She slides his boxers down to his ankles as 
well, and stops a
minute to view his penis, before sliding her mouth onto it.  Tenchi rolls his 
eyes into the back of his as he feels Ryoko mouth and tongue gently massaging 
his penis.  He
has succumbed quicker then Broka belive it or not.  He realizes this when Ayeka 
places her bare, clean-shaven leg up to his mouth, where he proceeds to kiss her 
inner
thigh.  Ayeka smiles in delight.

 Kiyone has started to increase the rate of her rocking, the walls of her vagina 
rubbing Broka's penis and glans to give him extreme pleasure.  Kiyone isn't 
missing out on
pleasure though, as Broka's penis touches every pleasurable nerve in Kiyone's 
vagina.  She leans forward a little bit so she can feel Broka's dick rub against 
her clitoris, for
an even more greater sensation.  Mihoshi and Broka passionently kiss each other, 
there tongues quickly touching each others.  Mihoshi slowly breaks the kiss, 
causing
Broka to snap out of his sensation in his mouth, and focus more on the feeling 
in his pelvic region.  He groans as Kiyone rocks faster and faster, causing 
Broka to release
a waterfall of semen into her pussy, Kiyone also groans to this, having to 
remove a hand from his waist to grab her hair so as not to scream out.  Mihoshi 
climbs on top of
Broka's chest, sliding her frilly maids skirt to show Broka her vagina.  She 
moves close enough to tease Broka by rubbing her pussy on his face, pulling it 
back when
Broka tries to reach for it.  Eventually, he is able to slide his tongue into 
it, Mihoshi doesn't need to pull back, as he dives his tongue deep into the 
blondes vagina.

 "Tastes like chicken," he thinks to himself.

 Ryoko also increases her rate of motion, hoping Tenchi would let himself go, 
and give her a new taste to live on.  She alo makes sure her tongue gets every 
millimeter of
his dick.  Tenchi at this time kisses Ayeka's thigh ravishingly, nearly ignoring 
the pleasure Ryoko is giving him.  He moves down Ayeka's leg towards her vagina, 
but she
moves his face away fromit every time he attempts it.  Wanting to make sure all 
her nerves feel the pleasure, but Ryoko interrupts that.

 "Hey Ayeka.  Do you mind saving a little of him for me?  I'm hitting a dry well 
over here," she passively asks, then continues to her job.

 "Fine," Ayeka says, removing her leg from Tenchi's mouth, which is still 
moving.  She walks over to the moaning Kiyone, where she slips out of her black, 
leathery outfit. 
She taps Kiyone on the shoulder, but she doesn't make any recognition of her 
presence.  Ayeka then grabs Kiyone's hair as Kiyone moans even louder, and opens 
an eye
to see Ayeka.  She removes herself from Broka's manhood, and walks over to 
Tenchi and Ryoko's business cubicle.  Ayeka looks at Broka's rocking penis, then 
at
Mihoshi in her state of ecstacy, with her moans becoming low screams as Broka 
digs his tongue and mouth into her cavity.  Ayeka reaches into her outfit on the 
floor to
pull out a small key.

 "I think he's ready," she says to himself, and unlocks Broka's feet from the 
handcuffs.  As soon as she gets the last one off, his legs wrap around her 
waist, causing her
ass to be plunged by his cock.  She moans a little as Broka rocks up and down 
with his waist.  "Mi-ho-shi-shi-shi," Ayeka calls out, barely able to speak, 
"he-he-hear,"and
she hands Mihoshi the key.  She is barely able to control herself while Broka is 
eating away, but manages to lean forward enough to unlock the handcuffs around 
his
waist.  At that moment Broka shot up, Mihoshi still attached.  But he didn't try 
to escape, instead, he pulled himself closer to Ayeka's body, continuing eating 
at Mihoshi's
All You Can Eat Buffet.  Tonight only, of course.

 Kiyone also climbs up on Tenchi's rocking body.  She climbs onto his chest, and 
gently kisses his forehead.  She scootches her self colser to him, and kisses 
him all
over his face.  She kisses his cheek, his lips, and moves down to his neck, 
where she necks him and nibbles his ear lobes.  Ryoko has removed herself from 
Tenchi's
cock, happy with the mouthful she just received.  

 "Mihoshi," she seductively calls.  Mihoshi, unable to speak, reaches down 
Broka's back to the key, picks it up, and throws it towards Ryoko.  She catches 
it and climbs
off the bed to unlock his shackles.  Kiyone has finished her kissing frenzy, and 
sits upright on Tenchi's chest.  She slips her wet shirt off, exposing her 
delicate and sexy
wet skin.  Tenchi is too lost in his hormones right now, so he can't really have 
a nose bleed.  Even if he could, all the blood is at his penis anyway.  Kiyone 
once again
bends down and cuddles Tenchi's head, which is conviently right between her 
breasts.  He kisses them and works his way around the nipples, gently sucking at 
them.  He
continues to kiss her now...uh...erect tits, moving his tongue to get a good 
taste of them.  Ryoko has just unlocked the last handuff, and watches 
unjealously as Tenchi
slowly turns to get Kiyone on her back, and moving his way down to her pelvis.  
Ryoko turns around as Mihoshi screams low cries of ecstacy, as Broka continues
escavating her oil well.

 "All right Mihoshi, let someone else have a turn now," Ryoko calls to her.  
Mihoshi, through all the bouncing and groaning, aggresively shakes her head, 
before screaming
a little more.

 "Miho-" Kiyone stops as Tenchi flips her on her stomach and gently slides his 
penis into her ass, she flinches a little before continuing, "Don't make me 
come...(she
closes her eyes harder as Tenchi pushes harder)...over there."

 "Bu-bu-bu-but..." she presses Broka's head further into her, "Kiy-yo-yo-yo-yo-
yo-neeeee!" she screams out the last part of her  name.  She slowly opens her 
eye to see
Kiyone and Ryoko glaring at her evily, "All ri-ri-ri-ri-ri-right," she manages 
to get out as Broka cleans away.  She slowly descends to the bed and crawls far 
enough where
her breasts are in his face, and she kisses his forehead before leaping off of 
him, and stumbling over to Tenchi.  Broka's face however, is a weird blue color, 
and he has
sweat (or Mihoshi, either way it's a liquid) crawling down his face.  He 
breathes in heavily as he sees Ryoko climb on top of him.  "If Mihoshi enjoyed 
it this much, I'll like it
even more," Ryoko coos out before scootching closer to Broka's face, he rolls 
his eyes to the back of his head, ready for another go at it.

 Tenchi continues to work at Kiyone, until he feels another body crawl on top of 
him.  He feels the tickling of her blonde hair as he feels Mihoshi cunt rub up 
and down
against his ass.  And he feels the gentle kissing of her lips at his neck.  He 
places his hand on her head as she necks him passionently.  Kiyone grabs the 
covers of the
bed so as not to scream out in pleasure.  She throws her head back, coming 
inches from Tenchi's face, as he continues to bang her unmercifully.  At this 
time, Ayeka
unhinges herself from Broka's dick, and has decided to be with the one she loves 
the most (Author's note:  If you haven't noticed it by now, you're just dumb.  
NO LESI'S! 
So NYAH to you!  There's nothing worng with lesi's, nothing at all, especially 
during a double heated oral...uh...onwiththefic! ~ JS)...Tenchi.  She climbs 
over top of Kiyone
and sits in a position where her pussy is in his face.  Tenchi knew what she 
wanted, but it was an awkward position for him.  He's got Kiyone underneath, 
Mihoshi kissing
his neck, and now Ayeka wanted him to have a taste of her.  During the entire 
intercourse, this was the closest he came from breaking through his hormones, 
but they
seized control again, and he rammed his face into Ayeka's pussy and began to 
kiss and lick it.

 One could say Broka had the easier of it, only having one woman to contend 
with, but then again...

 "Harder!" Broka listen closely, and did as she asked.  "Harder!" Ryoko 
screamed, Broka, through all the moaning and screaming she was doing, couldn't 
possibly
understand how she could want it harder.  But he went, as hard and fast as he 
could go.  "HARDER!"

 "Dammit woman!" Broka thought to himself, "If I go any harder my head's going 
to be in your pussy, then we got 'At The Carrot Patch' all over again!" But he 
pushed his
limit, nearly biting the most sensitive spot on her body.  When she yelled at 
the top of her lungs in pure pleasure, Broka knew this was all she could handle.

 "HARDER-ER-ER-ER-ER!"

 Once again, the fact that he was pinned to the bed made him unable to face-
fault.

 Mihoshi, just wasn't pleased with kissing Tenchi.  Ayeka had his mouth 
occupied, and Kiyone was too busy moaning to pull Tenchi out of her.  She looks 
over to see
Ryoko strangling Broka with her pelvis, forcing him to litteraly eat at her.  
Mihoshi, as much as she wanted Tenchi, was not satisfied with kissing him.  She 
kissed his
cheek once more before climbing off of him and moving towards Broka and Ryoko.  
She climbs between his bent legs and looks deeply into his penis.  Why not?  He 
gave
her all that pleasure several minutes ago, why not switch favors?  She 
straightens his legs before administering her mouth over his penis.

 Ayeka is sitting on Kiyone, too overcome with Tenchi in between her too care 
for Kiyone, she grabs his head, making sure Tenchi doesn't miss a spot this 
time.  She
wanted him there the entire time, but teased him a little bit first.  But now 
she was questioning why she did tease him, I mean, it felt so good to her.  She 
removes her
hands from his head and has to grab the edge of the bed and bites her tongue.  
Tenchi has removed himself from Kiyone, who squirms around on the bed, nearly 
begging
for more.  Tenchi moves closer to Ayeka, continuing to kiss and lick away at her 
vagina.  She can't hold her tongue any longer, she lets out a deafening scream, 
and
squeals as Tenchi never stops.  Kiyone sits upright at the end of the bed, 
getting over her little fiasco.  She breathes heavily watching Ayeka and Tenchi 
make out like two
dogs in heat.  Ayeka moans in ecstacy as Tenchi drives his tongue further into 
her pelvic orifice.  She can't hold her cum in, and in one mighty spray, squirts 
all over
Tenchi's face...

 ...Remember when I said that when Ayeka joined in, that was the closest he got 
to breaking through...cancel that, he just broke through.

 Tenchi snapped into reality as soon as a nice mouthful of cum reached his 
tongue, he leaped back and tried to escape but never made it passed the bed.  
Kiyone grabbed
his shoulders and rammed him into the bed.  Ayeka jumped on him and kissed his 
lips.  His hormones quickly seized control and he kissed Ayeka back.  She 
silently
crawled onto Tenchi's waist and administered his penis into her vagina.  She 
giggles as she does this, and rubs her hand over the part that isn't stuck into 
her.

 Broka has been all mouth this whole time.  Eating away at Ryoko, and Mihoshi 
sucking at him.  He was running out of breath, and sperm for that matter.  He 
lifts Ryoko
several feet off of him for some oxygen, before Ryoko grabs his head and places 
it in her pussy.

 "EAT!"

 "I'm gonna chew a hole through her if she continues to want this," Broka thinks 
to himself.  He looks into Ryoko's vagina, and curses himself as he he starts to 
lick her
clitoris and labia.  She moans in pleasure as Broka continues to lick away.

 For the remainder of the afternoon, night, and next morning, all that could be 
heard from the Masaki house were moans, groans, screams, and several voices 
yelling
harder, or faster.

 *********************

 Five o'clock at the Masaki household, and all's quiet.  In Tenchi's bedroom, 
most are completely knocked out, and are in a very awkward position.  Tenchi's 
is on his back,
and half of his body is hanging over the bed side, the front half.  On his 
chest, a completely asleep Kiyone's hand rests on his chest.  Ryoko 
is...well...still on her job with
Tenchi's "Johnson".  On the other side of the room, Broka is in an unconfortable 
sleep, with Ayeka sprawled out on his waist, and Mihoshi on top of her...all six 
butt-naked.

 Broka wakes up about now, and rolls over to realize...

 (...he's on a plate of Sashimi...)

 (AHH!  Don't hurt me, it was just a joke!)

 ...that Tenchi is wide awake.

 "Hey.  What are you doing awake?"

 "I'm too tired to fall asleep."

 "I hear ya.  I can't feel my legs at all, I don't know whether it's from 
yesterday, or these two right now."

 "Hey, could you tell me whose hand this is?  It's really been itching me, and I 
can barely lift my hand."

 Broka painfully turns his head towards the other side of the room, "It's 
Kiyone," he starts to sweat as he notices Ryoko, "Is Ryoko still..."

 "Yep.  She's out all right, but still going."

 "Well, I've heard that wild animals have an instinct to react to their 
surroundings, even in an unconscious state."

 "Ha-ha," Tenchi says sarcastically.

 "Hey Tenchi, do you have a weird taste in your mouth?"

 "I did, but it left about an hour ago."

 Broka smacks his lips together, "Yea, well you didn't have nearly as much to 
eat as I did for the first...uh...I think three hours."

 "How long have we been going at this?"

 Broka lays his head back and closes his eyes, "We started at around twelve 
o'clock, and when we finished it ...was...around...I think eleven."

 "A whole day?!  Is that even possible?!"

 "According to this author it is."

 "You know we just broke down the fourth wall?"

 "Should we use it to our advantage?"

 "Why not?"

 Broka lifts his hand into the air and...hey...what's he doing...

 [KA-BOOM!]

 ...ow...

 "Is he dead?"

 "Let me check...nope, the fic's still going on."

 "Damn, we're in trouble."

 I was going to end the fic but instead we're going on.

 "Anyway, you do know we're going to be in a lot of trouble as soon as these 
four wake up?"

 "You mean the drug wore off?"

 Broka turns to Tenchi, "After what we gave them I'm surprised it didn't wear 
off sooner."

 Tenchi finally reaches Kiyone's hand and moves it aside, "You said they had 
enough of this stuff to last three days." 

"My calculations could have been a little off.  Do you really care?"

 "No, I'm glad your calculations were off, not as off as I would have liked it 
to be, but still off."

 "Oh God if I had any strengh these two would be off me and I'd be out the door.  
Mihoshi weighs a ton for a slender girl."

 "And my penis has reached its limits, it's too weak to get erected anymore, 
even with Ryoko on it."

 "Hey, whatever happened to Teka?"

 "Well, after about an hour of it, he realized that he wasn't feeling anything.  
Don't know why.  But I think he's in the depths of my unconsciousness, pouting.  
Good
ridance."

 Kiyone stirs a little bit, but doesn't wake up.

 "Did you notice something weird in the room about ten minutes after we 
started," Tenchi asked.

 "Couldn't tell, I had Mihoshi's pussy in my face for about half-an-hour.  She 
was easy to please though.  Ryoko wanted me to keep going harder and harder.  
After the third
'HARDER!' it felt like a brick wall, and if I even tried to bite her my dick 
would have been across the room with me still here."

 Tenchi shudders at this image, then sees Kiyone's head droop over his face, her 
eyes closed, sweating, and smacking her lips...then she opens her eyes.

 "Wha...what the?"

 Uh...morning Kiyone," Tenchi says, with enough nervousness in his voice to make 
him shit his pants...or bed for this matter.

 Kiyone's eyes widen when she realizes that she's naked...and so is Tenchi, and 
Ryoko, and Ayeka, and Mihoshi, and Broka.  So...

 "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"

 She tries to jump on the floor but too quickly realizes that her muscles are 
cramped beyond belief, in fact, she can barely fell her legs.  As soon as she 
puts enough
weight on the foot that touches the ground, she falls with a thud and nearly 
goes unconscious again.  Surprisingly, none of the girls awake, until...

 Ayeka smiles a bit before opening her eye...and seeing Broka's bare chest right 
below her and that he's smiling at her evily.

 "Morning sleepyhead," he says with an perverted accent.

 Ayeka is too dazed to know what's going on...until she notices her hand around 
a hard yet firm snake...uh oh.

 Her scream was a little louder then Kiyone's was as she throws Mihoshi off of 
her and leaps to the floor.  Unfourtuently, the nerves in her legs are shot too, 
and she falls
with a bang right next to Kiyone.  Mihoshi falls right above Broka's waist, in a 
very personel position.  Her face is in utter confusion as to what just 
happened.

 "What's going on," Mihoshi asks, turning her head from side to side, she 
notices Tenchi, Broka and everyone else is stock naked, she blushes like crazy, 
"Oh my." 

 Ryoko is the last to awaken, and being in the position she is now, bolts wide 
awake.  She sticks out her tongue, wondering what the taste is, then she sees 
Tenchi's
penis right below her, her eyes widen.

 "Tenchi...you mean you and I...actually did it," she almosts crys with joy, 
then notices the others, "Mihoshi...and Broka, and Ayeka...you and Kiyone...I 
told you you'd
find someone else for you," the others are too weak to face-fault. 

"I shall have you know I did nothing of the sort!  I wake up to find myself on 
that hooligan over there, and he looks like we just had sex with Mihoshi, and I 
know for certain
that I did not have sex with him!"

 Broka and Tenchi fake a cough, "Yeah right," were the words formed from the 
cough.

 "And what are you doing to Lord Tenchi?!  You'd better not have hurt him!"

 "Actually Ayeka...I have no idea what I'm doing."

 Tenchi looks at her with confusion, "You mean you don't remember?"

 Broka does the same, "We only did it for nearly a day."

 "What are you talking about," Ryoko asks.

 Broka snaps back into it, "Of course, the drug is sort of like a mind control.  
When too much is used, the mind switches from normal (as far as normal goes for 
us)
to...well..you know."

 "So...you mean...that we all...just had an orgy," Kiyone says, frightened.

 Tenchi and Broka nod their heads, before Broka speaks up, "Kind of, I mean, you 
barely touched the other girls at all, from what I could see, but there was 
usually two
girls on either me or Tenchi, sometimes three, but never four on one person."

 Kiyone is in too much shocked, she just had sex with a couple of guys who she 
had no interest in whatsoever.  She nearly passes out, falling closer to the 
ground, using
her arms to hold her up...and the sad thing is, she knew they were right, she 
could feel her pelvis twitching with excitement just thinking about it.

 Ayeka is also in shock, she had always had interest in Tenchi (Author's note: 
DUH!~ JS), and Broka was a LITTLE cute but was an asshole.  But what really got 
her...was
she couldn't remember anything after Mihoshi tripped.

 Mihoshi is...well...completely confused.  Why couldn't she remember any of 
this?  She heard so much about it from her colleuges at school, but was, 
surprisingly, never
in an orgy.  She felt like pouting...she missed all the fun!

 Ryoko is disgusted.  "I just had a whole days worth of sex with Tenchi and I 
can't remember a damn thing.  AND I WAITED FOR A WHOLE YEAR FOR IT!" was what 
she
screamed in her head.  But she formed an awkward smile, and looked at Tenchi, 
"Was I any good?"

 Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Ayeka were the only ones to face-fault, despite the 
soreness of their legs and whole body for that matter.

 The six layed there for another hour or so, barely saying a word to each other 
until they gained enough strength to walk to their bedrooms, and sleep for the 
rest of the
night.

 *****************

 The next day, all are as sore as hell.  They're sitting at the table eating 
some leftover noodles, being that the teriyaki sauce got spoiled.  All can 
barely keep their eyes
open, but Mihoshi keeps rubbing her legs and around her waist.

 "Why am I so sore around here?  And every time I think of a buffet it starts to 
tingle even more."

 Tenchi eyes doesn't leave his noodles, "Ask Broka, he could tell you."

 "Uh-uh.  Don't look at me.  I'm getting excited thinking about cheese, and I 
don't need a reminder of what happened, all right." 

She starts to pout, "Sorry I asked."

 Washu comes out of her lab now, with a big smile on her face, "What's for 
dinner?"

 "Leftovers," was the reply from everyone.

 "Boy!  Was it noisy last night.  With all the noise, I could barely tape you 
guys without muting the sound, and that would've blew the whole purpose of it."

 The six don't notice what she said, and continue to eat.

 "I'm not hungry.  Do you mind if I can slip a tape into the VCR?"

 "Go right ahead," Tenchi said.  Washu walks over to the TV and puts a tape into 
the VCR.  Several seconds go by before the screen blares, and the constant noise 
of
moans and groans erupt from the speakers.  Washu is sitting cross-legged in 
front of the screen.

 The noise of six certain moans finally catches the attention of the people at 
the table.  They run next to Washu...to get a nice view of the double orgy of 
them playing in a
surprisingly bright color.

 "Wow Washu!  How'd you get such a bright color with a camcorder," Mihoshi asks.  
The others face-fault.

 They get up again, and Ayeka puts her hand to her mouth, "I...did...THAT?!"

 Washu grins, "You all did that," she turns her head for a better view, 
"Ooooh...nice position."

 Ryoko grabs her by the collar, "You taped us?"

 "Yep...most of it at least.  I missed the first ten minutes because I had to 
find my spy bot."

 Ryoko trembles a little...before hugging Washu tightly, "Thank you!" Besides 
for Ryoko and Washu, everyone face-faults. 

"Ryoko!  How could you say that?!" Ayeka screams at her, "This piece of garbage 
wouldn't be...oh my," she stops as she watches herself on the screen.  All the 
girls
except for Kiyone gather around to watch the "amateur" video.  Kiyone is 
standing next to Broka and Tenchi, backs to the TV, and all stone gray.

 "It wouldn't take long.  One blast, and they'd be gone," Broka says.

 "No, too many people know Ayeka, they'd get suspicious," Kiyone answers.

 Tenchi regains his colors, and turns to Washu, "Washu!  I wish for you to 
destroy that tape, and mention this to no one."

 She shrugs, "All right," and takes the tape from the VCR, and breaks it in 
half...and pulls another tape from her pocket and slides it back in...Tenchi 
turns gray again.  "Oh
Tenchi.  If I were you, or Broka or Kiyone, I wouldn't do anything to me or my 
lab, or I'll send each copy I own to every major porn company there is."

 Broka, Kiyone, and Tenchi go pale, "Got it."

Washu smiles and giggles, "Now be good children and watch the home movies with 
us."

 "Forget it."

 Washu waves a sealed envelope in front of her face, "I bet Hentai-Weekly would 
LOVE to see this."

 "Sitting down," and with that Tenchi, Broka, and Kiyone sit down, unwillingly 
though.

 "Hey Washu!  Turn up the volume.  I can barely hear a thing," Ryoko yells.

 Broka buries his face in his hands, "Hell must be a better place then this."

 *********

 Several days have passed, the incident has been almost completely forgotten.  
Washu is doing the cooking, making sure Mihoshi doesn't screw up anything.  
Ayeka
walks out from the hallway.

 "That was Sasami on the phone.  Her and Nobiyouki will be home tomorrow."

 Broka grabs his chopsticks and bangs them against the table, "Well that's 
great, now where's dinner?"

Washu replies with a little song in her voice, "It'll be done in just a minute."

 "I'm starving!  Hurry up!"

 Tenchi looks coldly at Broka, "How could you be hungry after..." he's silenced 
when Broka holds out his palm.

 "Not another word...got it?" Tenchi nods his head.

  

In the kitchen, Washu turns to Mihoshi, "Mihoshi, would be so kind as to hand me 
that box of spices?"

 "Oh sure ," Mihoshi says, as she picks up the box.  Before she hands it to 
Washu, she pulls it back, "Let me try it first." She picks up a pinch of the 
stuff and tastes it, "It
tastes different, but not that sweet taste of that aphrodisiatic stuff."

Washu smiles as she takes the box away from her, "Well Mihoshi, your first 
experiment.  You are well on the way to becoming a scientist."

 "You really think so?"

 "Let's not ask for miracles, I was just praising you." She pick up the pot and 
carries it out to table and sets it down, everyone not sitting does sit.  Ryoko 
and Broka are
the first ones to dive in with their chopsticks, pulling out tiny pieces of 
fried-chicken and fish.  Mihoshi, Ayeka, Kiyone, and Tenchi soon follow.

 "Oh dear," Washu says, "I left an experiment running in the lab, I'll be right 
back," and runs through the door.  The six don't notice the sound of a lock 
clicking.  All the
girls eating pull the food away from their mouths.

 "Uh, Mihoshi?  What kind of spice did Washu use?  It tastes strange," Ayeka 
says.

Broka laughs, rice spewing from his mouth, "What are you talking about?!  This 
is one of the best meals I've had (except for Sasami's of course)!"

 Tenchi nods, "It must be your taste.  It's a real sweet taste to me.  Not too 
sweet, but just right."

 "Sorry, I don't taste it," Kiyone says.

 "Me either.  Mihoshi, check to see what that stuff was." Ryoko demands.

 Mihoshi runs into the kitchen.  Tenchi and Broka are the only ones still eating 
when Mihoshi emerges and reads the box, "All it says is Xesosterone9.  No 
ingredients or
anything."

 Ryoko breathes in disgust, "It figures Washu would do something like that," she 
then notices a pale Broka, "What's the matter with you?"  

 Broka picks up a napkin, wipes his mouth off, and stands upright, the girls 
gasp in shock and fear, "You four have about thirty seconds before me and Tenchi 
are lost in a
wave of hormones and we have another happening."

 The girls waste no time running out the door.  Tenchi's shoulders start to 
twitch as does Broka's left eye, he's quietly whispering to himself
"Twenty-eight...twenty-nine...thirty," he looks up at the sprinters, Tenchi 
stands behind him, Broka goes SSJ3, "Ready or not, here we come," and both of 
them run out the
door after the girls.

 

 In Washu's lab, she's smiling wickedly to herself as she marks off notes on a 
notepad and watches the guys chase the women around the yard.

 "Fool Ryoko...check....Get girls to swallow Xtrogen...check....Get greatly 
needed samples..." she chews on the eraser for a little bit, 
"...postponed....Create male
aphrodisiac...check....Get Tenchi and Broka to eat aphrodisiac...double 
check....Amscray before the two saw me...triple check....Watch another great 
classic brought to
me by me..." she smiles even more wickedly, "...getting there." 

Washu bursts out into maniacal laughter...then coughs..."*cough* *cough* I'm 
going to have to get Jinnai to teach me to laugh right. *cough* *cough*"

 **********

 Sorry if that brought on any confusion there, this is not part of my original 
stories, just a branch-off like (as stated) Daughter of Darkness.  But that 
wasn't so
bad...was...it...aw who am I kidding?!  That was one of the worst pieces of 
trash ever created (well, maybe not the worst) but still bad nonetheless!  Oh I 
feel so ashamed! 
Please, if you have it in your hearts, please, MST THIS GOD FORSAKEN PIECE OF 
CRAP!  You need permission...HERE IT IS!  "I, Joe "JS Smitty" Smith, hereby 
permit
anyone with a good...no, decent sense of humor to forwardly burn, trash, and 
kill this fic so that none of it remains and will never be remembered in 
history." THERE!  Can't
get much clearer than that!  I expect...no, I DEMAND that someone out there 
tears this thing apart!  I will soon follow with my own MST of it.  I don't know 
where I got the
idea.  I think I was sifting through a Mihoshi/Tenchi lemon when it popped in my 
mind.  I don't know why I wrote it,was it to punish myself for something I did, 
who knows? 
Oh, I'm so ashamed!  And I've been harping the 10 O'clock Assassin for his 
works!  Don't look at my face, DON'T LOOK AT MY FACE! 
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
HHH!

 (Author note: I didn't really cry. ~JS)
