NOTICE:
This continues Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki, but includes
the Operative, who has been reincarnated as a human
and who arrives at the Masaki home in a very unusual
manner.

Also the people at Pioneer/AIC own these guys.

TENCHI MUYO!
Hello, Bishonen
by "Trakal"

 The front doorbell of the Masaki home rang.
 "Someone get the door." Ryoko called. "I got it
last time."
 "I'll get it." Mihoshi replied. She went to the
door and openned it with a cheerful expression on her face.
"Yes, can I..." She stopped short as she noticed what
looked like an ancient Egyptian sarcophagus standing there.
"Um..." she wilted. When the occupant began banging on the
sarcophagus to get out, Mihoshi shrieked and took off running.
 The sarcophagus finally came open, just as Ryoko was
passing it. The door swung open and Ryoko saw the same boy
she'd seen back in 1970 standing there. Before he could move,
she quickly slammed the coffin shut...
 ...just as Tenchi arrived with his dad and his grandfather.
 "LET ME OUT!" the boy's muffled cries came from the coffin.
 "Ryoko, what's going on."
 "Oh, nothing."
 "That damned space pirate is trying to suffocate me to
death."
 "Just erm..." Ryoko thought up a quick reply "...practicing
my ventriloquism act for Sasami's birthday."
 "Sasami's birthday was last Monday, Ryoko."
 "Erm... yeah..." Ryoko chimed brightly. "And if I start
practicing now,I'll be really good next year!"
 "Okay... Open it up, Ryoko." Tenchi said, quietly.
 Ryoko finally gave in and openned the sarcophagus.
 The chestnut-haired boy leaped out, sprung over their heads,
nimbly, and stood against the far wall. "Where am I?" He asked. He
spotted his own reflection and blinked at it in surprise. "Who am I."
 "As if you didn't know." Ryoko snorted derisively.
 The boy blinked at a face that was at once strange and familiar. He
barely knew it, but he'd seen that reflection before. "Please?"
 "Don't *any* of the Galaxy Police have brains?!" Ryoko exclaimed in
disgust as she stormed off.

 Tenchi went over to the confused boy and put his hands on his
shoulders.  "Look, you're going to be okay." He said, gently. He felt
sorry for the boy... no it was more than that. He hugged the boy,
comforting him. The boy's hair smelled like it had been recently washed
and Tenchi smiled inwardly at it's scent.

 Observing from her place near the door to her lab, Washu mused
"So, that's why." quietly to herself.

 The boy, oblivious to whatever emotions might have been stirring in
Tenchi, simply clung to him for support until he felt he was being held
a little too long. Then, he pushed Tenchi away and went outside to sort
things out.

 Tenchi blinked for a moment, then followed. He could tell that
something was troubling the newcomer and he felt a need to help this
boy. "What's wrong?" He asked, concernedly.
 "I don't want to talk about it." The boy snarled at him.
 Tenchi was taken aback by the boy's reaction, but not put off by
it. He put his arm around the boy's shoulders.
 "What are you doing?" The boy asked.
 "You look like you could use a friend." Tenchi told him, wondering if
that was all he wanted to be. "What's your name?"
 "I... I can't remember." The boy whimpered. "Please... help me?"
 Tenchi nodded and led the boy back inside.

 After breakfast was finished, Tenchi and the others went outside
to do chores. There were some items that two people needed to carry
because of their size and the boy, who still didn't have a name, or
rather had one but had forgotten it, was helping Tenchi move them.
"Thanks." Tenchi toldhim, as they set one such item down carefully in
its new location. "You're welcome." The boy replied.
 "So, you can't remember your name?"
 "No."  the boy shook his head. "I can't remember anything."
 "It's okay." Tenchi patted him on the shoulder as they returned
for the next item.

 Ryoko had been watching them for most of the morning. She did
not like her Tenchi giving so much attention to someone else and she was
determined to do something about it. As they were carrying the nextitem,
a sculpture that Tenchi's mom had been working on in her spare time,
Ryoko came up with a plan she was sure would work. Remembering the fit
Tenchi had had when she'd ripped the sleeves of his mom's kimono, she
made herself invisible and stuck out her foot to trip the newcomer.

 The boy fell, as planned, and the statue was dropped and broken.

 Everyone watched, including Ryoko, who had moved to a fair distance
away before becoming visible again. They expected Tenchi to blow his
top, especially Ryo-Ohki, who'd seen him do it before.

 Instead, Tenchi went over to the boy and knelt over him in concern.
 "Are you okay?" He asked, paying little mind to the broken statue. The
 boy nodded. "I'm fine. I must've snagged my foot somehow.
Probably just a misstep. I'm sorry about the statue."
 "Its okay." Tenchi assured him. "It was made by my mom, and I'd
rather have it intact, but what's important is the memories I keep
in here," he pointed to his heart, "not the ones out here."

 Ryoko seethed inwardly. Why didn't Tenchi come to that conclusion
when she'd ripped that kimono? Surely Tenchi wasn't in love with
this boy... was he? Was it possible that Tenchi was bisexual? She
certainly hoped he wasn't. Having to compete with other females was bad
enough without having to compete with boys, too!

 ***

 Tenchi stood at the window of his bedroom, that evening,
watching the moon and contemplating the events of the day.  He cast his
thoughts back to the events of the day. He thought of the manner of the
boy's arrival. Of the boy's amnesia. Who was he? And what was it about
him that had Ryoko so uptight? She seemed... jealous.

 "You're in love with him, aren't you?" A cold-edged female
voice asked, bluntly.
 "You want to go to bed with him."
 "Ryoko! Don't be absurd." Tenchi told her.
 "Tenchi, why don't you go to bed with me instead?"
 "Get serious, Ryoko." Tenchi muttered, pointedly.

 Ryoko teleported herself to the boy's room.

 The boy was sound asleep, curled up on his side, clutching the
pillow. His breathing was ragged and it was clear that he was
dreaming about someone or something. He moaned in his sleep,
then sighed.

 Ryoko was about to teleport him into the pond, complete with
a boulder tied to his legs,when he spoke in his sleep.

 "Ryoko..." he said, dreamily, as his body shuddered and he
clutched the pillow even tighter.

 "Ugh." Ryoko made a disgusted face, though she was secretly
amused at the idea that a former Galaxy Police Special Operative
would find her desirable. She made a note to film him sleeping
thefollowing night so she'd have something to use against him if
he tried arrest her when he got his damned memory back.  She knew
she'd need more on him than just a mumble and him clutching a
pillow. She grinned wickedly to herself as an idea came tomind,
then dismissed it. She didn't want to sleep with a cop, and she
knew if she were seen in bed with another man, it would mean she
could lose Tenchi forever. That was the very thought put her new
idea into motion.

 Moving more quickly than she'd ever moved before, Ryoko swiped the
pillow from the boy's grip and replaced it with Ayeka, who was sleeping
rather soundly and dreaming of her brother Yosho in the days of his
youth.

 The boy moaned in his sleep and clutched the pillow again. This
time, his hand gave Ayeka's breast a squeeze and she moaned, still
dreaming about Yosho, in her sleep.

 Ryoko went off in search of the video camera, hoping they wouldn't wake
up before she found it. She searched throughout the house and was about
to give up when she saw the front door was open. Creeping outside, she
walked around the house until she came upon Nobuyuki, who was standing
at the top of a ladder with the video camera's lens pressed up against
the windowpane. She floated up the ladder to see what he was filming.

 Nobuyuki was so startled that he fell back off of the ladder.

 "Ouch." He remarked, lying on his back.

 Ryoko was surprised when she saw that Nobuyuki had been filming
Ayeka and the new boy. One of  Ayeka's breasts had come out of her
nightie, but the nipple was hidden underthe boy's hand. He had
snuggled up to her, spoon-fashion, and her nightie was pulled up to the
very top of her thighs.

 Ryoko quickly flew down to Nobuyuki and grabbed the camera. "Gimme
that!" She grinned, flying up to the window with it and continuing the
filming where Nobuyuki had left off. She pushed the camera and her head
through the glass and continued filming, half inside the room, half
outside on the ladder. "Yeah, that's it!" she said, sounding like a film
director. "Mmmm... Great. How about moving around a little."

 As if in obedience, the boy pulled Ayeka closer in his sleep
and Ayeka moaned deeply as her own dreams held her in slumber.

 "Yeah! Perfect! This is great! Keep it up you two! You're looking
great!" Ryoko went on.

 Unfortunately, she was a little too enthusiastic and the two of them
woke simultaneously.

 Ryoko quickly pulled back through the wall with the camera. She
let the ladder fall, vanishing as it hit the ground, and left the
camera with Nobuyuki.

 Ayeka and the boy, who were in the middle of a heated argument
over who was responsible for them being in bed together, heard
the ladder and looked out the window.

 Tenchi walked downstairs, having been awakened by the commotion
that was now taking place, and was startled to see his father
running from a disheveled boy and a semi-nude Ayeka who was trying
to fix her clothes and pound Nobuyuki while yelling at the poor boy who
looked throughly confused and kept trying to explain that he had just
been having a very nice dream about Ryoko and that he had no idea how
Ayeka had gotten into his bed. He then remarked that it certainly was
unbefitting a Princess of Jurai to take advantage of a sleeping boy as
she'd done.

 "What's going on?" Tenchi asked, confused by the whole thing.

 "Lovers' quarrel." Ryoko shrugged, hoping that would deter Tenchi
from any further interest of either Ayeka or the newcomer.

 "It is not a lovers quarrel." Ayeka made this point very clear
as she spun to face Ryoko. "*You* set this up, didn't you?"

 "My?" Ryoko tried to look innocent. "Why would I do something like
 that?"

 "Why indeed." Tenchi muttered.

 Ryoko turned an offended look on Tenchi. "Tenchi! How could
you think I'd be so dishonest?"

 "Ryoko, dear," the chestnut haired boy put his hand on hers,
gently. "Let them be." he moved to kiss her and she pulled away.
"Ryoko? What's wrong?"

 "What's with you?" Ryoko gave the boy a disgusted look.

 The boy looked genuinely hurt. He lowered his head, letting his
hair hang down around his pale face, and sniffled. "Why are you
being so cruel to me, Ryoko?" he asked her, softly. "I thought you
loved me!" He ran out of the house with tears streaming down his
cheeks.

 Ryoko stared after the boy.

 "Ryoko?" Tenchi put a hand on her shoulder. "That boy? He
really seems to like you."
 "He's confused." Ryoko replied. "He thinks he used to be my
boyfriend."
 "Well, if he's not, then shouldn't you tell him?"
 "He's a cop." Washu muttered aloud as she walked by, doing some
 calculations.
 "Ohhh." Tenchi turned toward Ryoko.

 Ayeka listened from the doorway and smiled.

  The sound of a splash came from outside.

  "What was that?"  Tenchi extracted himself from Ryoko, who was
glomping him again.
  Ryoko stood there, perturbedly, as Tenchi ran to the source of the
noise.

 Tenchi arrived at the lake, just in time to see his new guest sink
under the water. Without a moment's hesitation, he swam out to where the
boy had been. He took a deep breath, then dove under. Within moments, he
surfaced with the unconscious boy in tow.
 Tenchi swam to the shore and sat there panting for a moment.

 Tenchi turned the boy onto his side and made sure his airway was
clear, then, when the water had been emptied from his lungs, Tenchi gave
the boy mouth to mouth until the boy started coughing.
 Tenchi sat back with a visible sign of relief on his face.
 "I was worried." He admitted. "I thought I was going to lose you." The
 boy looked up at Tenchi in confusion as Tenchi leaned toward him.
 "But... I'm not..." Tenchi pressed his lips to the boy's in a deep
 kiss, running his fingers through the boy's long, chestnut brown hair.
 After a while, Tenchi pulled back. For a long moment, the boy sat
 there, blushing, as if he had
liked the kiss. A moment later, however, the look on his face
shifted from mild to miffed. A moment later, still, he slapped
Tenchi across the face and walked off.

  Tenchi stood up and watched the boy stalk off. "Why did I do that?" he
asked himself. "Am I in love with him? In love with another boy? I guess
that would explain a few things." He stood up and looked over the lake
for a moment. "I wish I knew what to do." he sighed. "Whoever that boy
is, I love him. But he's in love with Ryoko. And Ryoko's in love with
me. Why can't my life ever be simple."
  "You love Ryoko, too." A gentle female voice said to him.
  Tenchi looked up and saw Tsunami standing there.
  "I care about her."
  "You love her." Tsunami corrected him. "And you love that boy,
too."
  "What should I do?" Tenchi asked.
  "Listen to your heart, Tenchi." Tsunami told him, as she faded
again.