          Blood Red Moon Side Story: Ryoko's Heart
     This is a crossover fanfic including the characters from 
Tenchi Muyo, and CastleVania, more specifically, the newest version
out for the N64.  All characters belong to their respective
copyrights, and I take no credit for them beyond their usage in 
this story.  Comments, quips, insults, flames, and death threats
can be sent to Platinum_Dragon@usinternet.com
     This is based on the OVA characters in the Tenchiverse
- but don't be surprised if you hear one or two TV references.
The original concept came when I noticed that Carrie Fernandez
sort of resembles Ryoko in powers and looks, save that Carrie is 
only twelve.  This side story takes place roughly three months
after Dracula has been killed, and assumes that you have knowledge
of the series up to that time.  Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ryo-Ohki have
been living with Reinhart, Rosa and Carrie.  
     This is a lemon, folks!  That means detailed scenes of sex are
present.  Nobody under the age of eighteen may legally read this,
twenty-one in some places.  I take no responsibility if you get in
trouble for reading this work of fiction.  Just to be redundant,
I'll repeat that: I take NO responsibility if you get in trouble
for reading this work of fiction.

*****

     As Rosa came over, holding a brush, Ryoko once again pushed
down the butterflies crashing around in her stomach.  Zero had 
something to do with that, she was sure.  She was still having
trouble accepting and understanding her more emotional half, but 
she also knew that without Zero, she wouldn't have a clue of what
to do today.
     "You're hair is amazingly soft, considering the style that you
keep it in," said Rosa, as she began to carefully brush out Ryoko's
hair, so that instead of her usual spikes, it flowed down her back.
The illusion that it was a veritable waterfall of hair was enhanced
by its light cyan color.  She looked into the mirror, and wondered
a moment at the woman that gazed back at her.
     The woman wore a low cut white lace dress, the neckline
plunging dangerously low, and exposing the gentle curve of her 
breasts, but still leaving much to the imagination.  A thin 
necklace of gold, with a sapphire set in sliver, hung around her 
neck, a gift from Rosa.  The dress followed the curves of her slim
body, down to her waist, and then flared out a little to cover her
hips and the rest of her legs, stopping perhaps a half foot above
the floor, where white slippered feet peeked out.  Her eyes 
traveled back up the woman's body, to her face.  Cheeks that showed
no trace of fat, a slightly upturned, small nose.  Full lips, and
just the slightest hint of smile creases at the corners.  Large,
luminous golden eyes looked back at her, a jumble of emotions
reflected in the mirror.  Disbelief, joy, shock, amazement,
and just a hint of fear woven through it all.
     Ryoko sighed.  As hard as it was for her to believe, she knew
that the woman in the mirror really was her.  Still, it was nice
to confirm that this was really happening to her, at long last.
Her greatest fear, the fear that she could see reflected in that
jumble of emotions, was that she would wake up and find this to be
just another of her hopeful dreams.  Tenchi telling her that he 
loved her, that he wanted her to be his bride.  She kept waiting
for Ayeka to appear out of nowhere, and laugh at her for actually
letting herself believe that could happen.
     But she didn't wake up, to find she was only dreaming,
and Ayeka didn't appear to laugh and goad her.  Rosa finished
brushing her hair out, and Ryoko stood, turning around once before
the mirrors.  The skirt part of the dress puffed out from the 
motion, and her newly combed out hair swung back and forth a little
before resettling.
     Rosa smiled at her.  The golden-haired woman wore a dress 
similar to Ryoko's, although hers did not show nearly as much bosom
as Ryoko did. Ryoko returned the smile, and thought a minute about
her new friend. Reinhart had introduced the two of them, once she
had managed to take firm control of her emotions once again after
Tenchi reappeared. She had found herself liking the young woman
immediately.  Though Rosa was somewhat shy and quiet on the 
surface, quite the opposite of Ryoko, they both shared one 
surprising and painful bond - They had both been forced under 
Dracula's control.  Had that been all, though, they likely wouldn't
have gotten so close, both wanting to just forget that time. But as
Ryoko quickly discovered, Rosa had a quick wit, and a surprisingly
mischievous heart, and her easy laugh and quick smile greatly
reminded her of Sasami, whom she had always had a softspot for.  So
the friendship had bloomed.
     "You look as though you're terrified half out of your wits,
Ryoko. What's wrong?" asked Rosa.  The woman constantly surprised
her.  She had a knack for picking up on small things that most 
wouldn't have noticed, for noticing when somebody was troubled.
     "I just keep expecting to wake up and realize everything
was just a dream.  I've loved him for so long, and then suddenly
one day he actually makes a choice, chooses me...  Its all my 
life's dreams come true, and then some."  Ryoko had told Rosa some
about their life before coming to Romania.  The younger woman 
raised her arm, where a bracelet carved of shimmering white ivory
rested.  It had been carven to look like several roses, their stems
woven together.  That had been Ryoko's gift to her, in return for
the necklace, the product of several long, sleepless nights of 
carefully cutting away the ivory, with help from Tenchi.  He was 
surprisingly good at carvings, from most anything to be found,
and had made a small stand for Tenchi-ken to rest on.  Rosa touched
Ryoko's breast lightly, over her heart.
     "Ask this.  Your heart knows that this really is happening,
it's just that you aren't listening to its reassurances."
Ryoko looked at her for a moment, and then laughed.  Some of the 
tension she felt drained away.
     "I know, I know... I haven't had much practice listening
to my heart, but I'm learning."  In the back of her mind, she heard
a giggle from Zero, and smiled a little.  "Sit down, I'll get your
hair for you," she told Rosa.   Her friend allowed her to guide
her to the chair, and seated herself.  She began to carefully
brush out the long, carefully tended tresses.
     "What about you and Reinhart?  I don't understand how I can be
practically going out of my mind with last minute worries, yet you
be utterly calm," she said.  Rosa grinned.
     "Who says that I'm not?  I'm just better at hiding it than you
are. I look at the mirror, and see this girl in a wedding dress,
and wonder how it could possibly be me.  I certainly never thought
that I'd be getting married - I was going to be out on my own, I 
didn't need any men to keep me happy."  Ryoko paused in her 
brushing, surprised at how closely their thoughts mirrored one 
another, and Rosa looked at her a moment.  "Then I met Reinhart,
and everything that I thought I was going to do went clean out the
window.  Half the time, I didn't know what I was going to do, 
except that it was going to be with him.  You understand?"
Ryoko looked back at her.
      "Just exactly how I felt with Tenchi.  I was finally free of
Kagato, and I knew I wouldn't be trapped in the cave forever.
I was going to go anywhere I wanted.  And then a young baby boy 
started coming by the cave, and I watched him grow up.  I didn't
know it, but he got a greater claim on me than anything Kagato
ever had."  Grinning, she went back to brushing.  Another few 
strokes, and she was done.  Rosa stood up, and took her turn in 
front of the mirror.
     She was just finishing up when Carrie came through the doors,
leading  Ryo-Ohki, in toddling furry human form.  She grinned
at them both, in a pink dress with a little trimming of white lace.
Tied around her waist and just off center on her back was a blue
ribbon.  Ryo-Ohki came over to Ryoko, and put up her arms to be 
picked up.  Ryoko did so, being careful not to disturb her dress.  
     "Miya!"  Ryoko grinned.
     "Yes, you can carry the train," she told her, and then set her
back down.  The cabbit-girl smiled broadly, and made the mistake
of jumping up and down.  As she landed, she tripped and was turned
back into her normal form.  She miyaed in distress, as the dress
that she had been wearing fluttered down around her, a copy of 
Carrie's, only the fabric was blue and the bow pink.  They shared
a laugh, as Ryo-Ohki untangled herself from the mess, and changed
back into toddler form.  In a moment, they had her back in the 
dress.
     "It's almost time, so we had better hurry," said Carrie,
once they were done.  With one last look into the mirror, at that
strange, yet familiar woman, Ryoko picked up her veil, and pulled
it on.  That was the reason that they had combed out her hair; 
otherwise, they wouldn't have been able to get it on.  The long 
lace train reached the floor and trailed behind about two feet.
Rosa donned hers, and they exited, Ryo-Ohki holding Ryoko's train,
Carrie Rosa's.  As they approached the chapel, and the organ began
to play, the butterflies began to use jackhammers instead of just
bouncing around.  The procession was to be simple.  Ryoko would
be led down the isle by Reinhart, as she didn't have a father to do
that, and then he would act as best man.  Rosa and Carrie were her
bride's maids.
     After the priest spoke the words, Tenchi and Ryoko would 
exchange places with Reinhart and Rosa.  Rosa would be led down the
isle by her father to Reinhart, with Ryoko and Carrie as her 
bride's maids, and Tenchi best man.
     They reached the doors, and Rosa gave her a quick hug.  She 
returned it, and then took a deep breath, trying hard to push her
fears and worries out of her mind.  The organ music paused a 
moment, and then the doors swung open, to show the vaulted, well
lit chapel.  The organ began to play the wedding march, and 
Reinhart came forward, offering her his arm to led her down the 
isle.  But her eyes were glued to the dais, where Tenchi stood,
a gentle smile on his face, in a black coat and pants, with a white
shirt underneath.  She couldn't feel anything coming through the 
link from him besides confidence.  
     She would have stared for the rest of the day, but Reinhart
gave her a slight tug, and she jerked into motion.  Rosa touched
her shoulder lightly, and she forced herself to become less tense.
That walk seemed to take forever, surrounded by people come far and
wide to see the wedding of the heroes that had saved them from 
Dracula.  But finally, they arrived, and she stood next to him, her
heart pounding.  She wondered that it didn't shake down the place,
so loud was it in her ears.
     "You look beautiful, Ryoko," came the thought through their
link, and she felt herself blush, but she smiled wider.  She also
found herself wishing that she hadn't had the wedding dress made
quite so low cut as she did.  Surrounded as she was, she could all
be feel the stares on her back.  She forced herself not to hunch
down.  This was her wedding day, and she was going to make it 
something to remember.  The priest, a balding, chubby man that 
looked to be in his upper forties, came forward a little, squinting
at them.  He cleared his throat, and began to speak, in a 
surprisingly deep bass voice that rang through the chamber.
     "Ladies and gentlemen, today I have been given the honor of 
joining not two, but four great heroes of our land in holy 
matrimony.  This sacred bond, one of the very things that they 
fought for, I gladly will bestow," he said.  Pausing a moment,
he smiled broadly at them.
     "Do you, Tenchi Masaki, take this woman as your lawfully
wedded wife, to have and to hold, to love and to cherish, in 
sickness and in health, for better or worse, till death do you 
part?"  The butterflies began to frantically throw themselves
against the sides of her stomach in a last ditch effort.  
     "I do"  The priest turned to her, and smiled gently.
     "And do you, Ryoko Hakubi, take this man as your lawfully
wedded husband, to have and to hold, to love and to cherish,
in sickness and in health, for better or for worse, till death do 
you part?"  She glanced at Tenchi out of the corner of her eye, 
and, trembling, replied.
     "I do" The priest looked up at the audience, and Ryoko 
squeezed her eyes shut, and prayed silently.  This was the moment
of truth, then. Would she wake, would Ayeka appear?
     "If there is anyone here that knows why these two should not
be joined in holy matrimony, than speak now, or forever hold your
peace." For a moment, her mind ran wild with her, and she thought
that she heard Ayeka shout that they shouldn't be married because
she was a monster, a demoness.  Then the priest intoned, "Then by 
the power vested in me by the church, and in the eyes of God, I 
declare you husband and wife.  You may kiss the bride."  She had 
time for a moment of shock - it had actually happened - and then
Tenchi raised her veil, and they kissed, long and deeply.  She 
wished that the rest of their family could be there to see this,
and she felt Tenchi's agreement through the link.  Finally, though,
they broke the kiss, leaving both of them breathless, and suddenly
aware of the thunderous applause.  The looked around to see the 
audience on their feet, clapping and shouting.  Ryoko soaked in the
attention, and then everybody hurried to reset things for Reinhart
and Rosa's wedding.
     Ryoko's mind was spinning as she took her place behind Rosa,
and looked in wonderment at the golden ring on her finger.  It had
happened. She was Ryoko Masaki, wife of Tenchi Masaki.  She felt
positively giddy, like- With a start, she realized the procession
was moving.  Blushing furiously, she hurried to keep her place.
Rosa's father was a very tall, older man that held a presence
of authority about him that reminded her somewhat of Katsuhito
- her grandfather, she reflected with a secret smile.  How ironic
- if he hadn't have defeated her seven hundred years before, then
she wouldn't have this day to treasure with his grandson.  Then she
remembered that now she was related to Nobuyuki too.  Ah, well,
she thought, no marriage was totally perfect.
     She looked up as Tenchi handed Reinhart a small ring.  She 
found herself struggling not to cry in joy, and she had to actually
make an effort to not literally float off.  Considering the belief
system of these people, she didn't think that would endear her to 
them very much.
     "Do you, Reinhart Schnider, take this woman..." began the 
priest. Reinhart confirmed the vow, and the priest turned to Rosa,
asking her the same.  She said yes, and the priest once again asked
if there were any objections.  There were, of course, none.  
     Ryoko watched with interest as Reinhart kissed Rosa.  Had she
and Tenchi looked like that?  She joined in the applause, and saw
Tenchi out of the corner of her eye.  She remembered once when 
Tenchi's grandmother had brought him by the cave.  He had been very
young, and had asked her if they could get married when he grew up.
It was a child's question, the sort any young kid might ask.  She
had laughed, and told him that she was flattered, but that she 
wouldn't be able to.  She had told him that she was certain he 
would met a girl when he grew up, and Ryoko remembered that she'd
be glad to marry him if she ever got away from the cave.  His face
had screwed up in distaste, and he had asked why he'd want to marry
a girl.
     His grandmother had laughed, and asked him what he thought
she was. He had told her that she was a grandmother, of course,
and she had laughed.  Simple child's logic, yet Ryoko had been a 
little surprised at the sting that it had caused in her heart.  
     That had been only a few weeks before his grandmother
had passed away.  When the young child had arrived at her cave,
tears streaming down his face, she had tried so hard to comfort
him, but of course in her astral form she couldn't touch him, nor
could he see or hear her.  She had sworn to watch him as best she
could, and as she did, he had slowly stopped crying, and looked
straight at her.  Even though she knew that he couldn't see her,
she felt a little hope blossom in her breast.  Was this her chance,
then, to make good on that promise?  Whether it was or not, she was
going to keep it, no matter what.
     Slowly, the applause died down, and she went over and hugged
Rosa. They looked at each other and laughed.  She saw Tenchi and 
Reinhart look at each other and shrug.  Ryoko grinned a little
at Rosa, and then they both walked over to join their new husbands.
Tenchi put his arm around her waist.  It still surprised her 
sometimes when he did that. In the months since defeating Dracula,
and Tenchi accepting her, they had grown physically closer.  Tenchi
no long cringed when she glomped onto him; in fact, he even seemed
to enjoy the contact.  She snuggled in a little closer to him, 
enjoying that warmth that she could feel emanating from his body.
She craved that warmth, she knew, needed it with something more 
basic than just the human want for company.  She had been locked
away in the cave too long, hidden from the sun and the warmth of 
others, before that controlled by Kagato.
     She felt suddenly exhausted, not physically, but emotionally.
All of her dreams finally becoming reality had drained her, and she
was glad for the support of Tenchi's arm.  Rosa looked similarly
tired, leaning against Reinhart's shoulder.  The silence stretched
out, and she felt that something should be said.  She searched
for words, but could find none that could fit the moment.  Ryoko
looked at her husband - her husband!- and decided that she was 
content to just enjoy the moment. She leaned into the embrace,
soaking in his warmth.
     The party moved out of the chapel, and into a huge ball room,
where a small orchestra played music.  Most of the guests began
dancing, but Tenchi, Ryoko, Reinhart and Rosa held back, just 
watching the festivities.  Various people came up to them, and 
congratulated them on the union.  Rosa's father came up, smiling,
and kissed her on the cheek, and her sisters each hugged her and 
teased her a little, saying that she'd have to watch Reinhart
carefully, or they'd steal him away when she wasn't watching.
She laughed, and said that they were welcome to try.
     The hours passed, and slowly, people began to leave.  Looking
around, Ryoko saw Carrie over near one of the walls, watching
the events but not taking part in them.  She gave Tenchi a peck on
the cheek, and then slipped out of his embrace.  Stamping down a 
tiny complaint that rose from her body as she left his warmth,
she crossed the room to the young girl.  Carrie looked at her, and
smiled faintly.  Her pale skin seemed to shine a little in the 
light.
     "Hey.  Why not join us out there, instead of just watching?"
asked Ryoko.  Though she knew that Carrie hadn't trusted her at 
first, they had gained a... budding friendship.  She wasn't sure
if it could bear fruit, yet, but given time...  Carrie sighed.
     "You know, ever since my parents died, I always thought that
I'd never have any real loved ones again.  Then, I fought and 
killed my own sister, one that I didn't even know that I had, and
when I found out, I was only more certain of that fact.  It seems
that everybody that I love dies, but though I struggled against
it, I'm finding that I love Reinhart and Rosa both as family.
But I don't want to - I don't want to take the chance that my curse
will happen to them too."  Ryoko looked at the young girl a moment.
She knew that she wasn't the best person to give advice like this.
     "I don't really know much about family, Carrie.  I was 
created, not born, and soon after my mother was trapped, and I was
placed under control.  For more than a thousand years, I ravaged
and pillaged for my master, and he treated me like I was simply
waste material, fashioned from useless bits and pieces.  Then Yosho
caught me, and captured me, locked me away into the cave.  I stayed
there for seven hundred years, able to do nothing more than project
my spirit only as far as ten feet away from the entrance to my 
prison."  Carrie looked at her, surprise on her face, but listened.
     "Imagine my surprise when one day I found Tenchi and his 
grandmother outside the cave.  I hadn't seen anybody in so long 
that I was frightened of them at first.  But I watched, and slowly
began to like Tenchi, who was only five years old.  Maybe it was 
just me locking onto the one thing that I had seen in my 
imprisonment, but I let myself think that he came to the area so 
often because he could see me.  Years went by; I watched him grow
up, until one day he came, a young man, and said goodbye to the 
cave."  She paused, as her heart clenched a little with the memory.
     "I found myself alone again, scared and lonely in the dark.
I stopped looking outside, because it only reminded me of what I 
had lost. I was almost ready to just let go, just let my body die
so that I could go on to where ever, when I suddenly felt the seal
lifted.  And then Tenchi slid down, older, the most beautiful
thing that I had ever seen. He came toward the pool that my body
waited in, and I was able to tug the sword out of his hand.  When
he bent over to pick it up, I was able to touch him.  I really
can't describe what it was like to feel the warmth of another
human being after so long.  The sword shocked me before I could
tell him anything, and he ran in fright.  But he was there, for 
that short time, he had freed me.  It took awhile to gather the 
energy that I needed to reflesh my body, and leave the cave, and 
when I did I'll admit that I wasn't exactly in a good mood - I 
almost ended up killing him."  Carrie stared at her, startled.
     "If you loved him so much, why did you try to kill him?"
     "Try to imagine being in love with someone for a long time,
and then when you finally get the chance to tell them, they run in
fright.  And part of it was just that I had built up a lot of anger
over my stay in the cave, and he was the first thing that I saw.
But that's beside the point.  After, one by one, more girls 
appeared.  Ayeka, the princess of Jurai, Yosho's half-sister
and fiancée, and her little sister Sasami. After that, Mihoshi
joined us, a Galaxy Police officer - think City Watch, only she 
does it in the stars.  Last, after Kagato found us, my mother,
Washu, and all of us ended up falling for Tenchi.  But in a crazy
sort of way, we were all one big family.  Ayeka and I are almost
always quibbling.  Sasami does most of the cooking.  She's 
everybody's kid sister.  Mihoshi tries hard to keep us from 
fighting - sorta the older, wiser sister in the family, except
that she's a complete bubble head.  Just recently, we added Mayuka,
who is Tenchi's daughter.  Sorta. Its hard to explain.  But the 
point is, we are a family.  Things have happened, but we've stuck
together.  And although there can be pain involved in it, in the 
end it's better to take the chance on being hurt, and get all the
other things that come with it.  I promise you that it's worth it."
Carrie looked at her for a few moments, and then slowly nodded.
     "I guess that you're right.  I'm being given a chance to have
a family again.  I won't pass that up," she said, looking at Ryoko.
A slow grin spread, and Ryoko suddenly realized just how much alike
they really looked.  Her eyes were much the same color of gold,
her hair only a shade or two darker than Ryoko's own cyan.  She 
grinned, and wondered if the world was ready for another Ryoko.
They walked back over to where Tenchi, Reinhart and Rosa were still
speaking to guests.  Tenchi had a definitely uneasy look on his 
face.  He didn't like being the center of attention. He wasn't
used to thinking of himself as important, something that Ryoko 
intended to change.  Because he was important, especially to her.
     As they reached them, Reinhart grinned, and ruffled Carrie's
hair. She ducked back, laughing.  Ryoko smiled.  Maybe she would
get the hang of this friendship stuff after all.  The party 
continued on for a while longer, and then finally things petered
out.  As the last guest left, they looked around the room. The 
orchestra began to pack up.  Ryoko realized that the night had 
fallen.  
     They left the hall, and into a cloudless, beautiful night.
Strange, but she noticed that the stars in this world were the same
as they were in hers.  Was that true of all dimensions, then?  Did
they all share the same sky, or did some have their own skies to 
shine at night?       
     Tenchi placed his coat around her shoulders, and she noticed
that there was a slightly chill breeze in the air.  She snuggled
up next to him, smiling.  They walked through the streets.  
Reinhart and Rosa had invited them to stay as long as they needed
to, and they had been glad to accept the offer.  Carrie walked
between the two couples, Ryo-Ohki curled up on her head in cabbit
form.
     She realized that even if they never got home again, she 
wouldn't mind living here.  She had Tenchi, and she had Reinhart
and Rosa and Carrie as friends.  Maybe it wasn't as crazy a family
as they had on their own world, but she knew that it was a family
in its own right. That was what had become important to her.  That
sense of belonging to something, being a part of something more 
than just herself.  Her soul, starved from the years of not having
any contact with anything, could no longer go on without it.
     They walked toward the house that Reinhart and Rosa had 
gotten, more as a gift from Rosa's father than by their choice.
It was large, a two floored place with careful scroll working.
It sat on the edge of a forest, and it did have a certain beauty.
     Laughing, as they reached the threshold, Reinhart picked up 
Rosa, and carried her across.  Ryoko looked at Tenchi, who grinned,
and she floated into his arms.  He cradled her against his body,
and she leaned her head against his shoulder as they entered the 
house.  He carried her up to their room, noticing that the others
seemed to disappear.
     With a start, Ryoko remembered what generally followed a 
wedding on a wedding night.  It surprised her that she had 
completely forgotten that the marriage would be consummated.
After all, wasn't that what she always had wanted with Tenchi?
To join with him in the ultimate expression of one's love?
     She realized that she had absolutely no idea what to do, 
beyond what she had seen in one of Nobuyuki's books.  Even with all
of her flirting, all of her innuendo, she had never lay with a man.
Kagato was never interested in such, he wanted nothing to do with
'waste material' as he had so quaintly put it, and locked in the 
cave she had had no contact with anybody, physical or otherwise.  
     She really didn't know anything about making love.  The 
thought brought a thrill to her spine, yet at the same time, she 
realized that she was a little afraid.  She didn't like not knowing
what was going to happen.  It made her feel like she didn't have
any control at all on the situation.  She looked up into his face,
and knew that she would have to trust him.  He glanced down at her,
and smiled gently, as they reached their room.  It was spacious,
with a decent amount filled by a large, double bed.  It struck
Ryoko as ironic that while they had shared the same bed for the 
last three months, they still had not been together. The thought
had just not entered their minds.  He set her down on the bed, 
closing the door behind him.
     "Ryoko... I want you to know that you were beautiful today,"
he said quietly, sitting down next to her.  "You really have never
looked more beautiful to me before, and that I'm sorry for making
you wait on me for so long.  You didn't deserve that.  I promise
you that I'll make it up to you."  Ryoko stared at him.  He was 
sorry for making her wait?  She turned to face him.
     "Tenchi...  I've got you.  You don't need to make up for 
anything. I've already got everything that I ever wanted.  I've got
you."  She leaned forward, then, and kissed him gently.  She felt
a moment of indecisiveness through their link, and then, slowly,
his arms went around her, and he pulled her closer to him, kissing
her more deeply.  Her heart fluttered a little in her chest, as she
wrapped her arms around him as well.  Here, she thought to herself,
with Tenchi holding her, she felt safe.  She didn't want to lose
that feeling ever again.
     They broke the kiss, Ryoko extremely aware of just how close
they suddenly were.  She knew that they had never really been this
close before, not just physically, but emotionally as well and it 
felt like nothing she had ever felt before.  Deep within his eyes,
she saw the flicker of something that she had never seen before.
Desire, great desire, and love.  He kissed her again, and slowly,
fumblingly began to untie the laces of her wedding dress.  As they
came undone, she felt the material begin to slide off.  For a 
moment, she panicked, as she remembered her body doing the same 
thing not long after Dracula's servant took it over.  Tenchi felt
her distress through the link, and stopped, looking her in the eyes
and reassuring her that she was safe.
     She pulled herself tight against him, wanting little more than
to feel that warmth that he gave off for the moment, and he smiled
gently, holding him to her.  Slowly, though, she became aware of 
the fact that she wanted more, that she was ready for more.  She 
squirmed around in his grip a little, until she was facing him.  
Kissing him, she ran her hands over her shoulders, and down his 
sides.  She felt a little surprise drift through their link, and 
then understanding.  His hands returned to the laces with a new 
urgency, and he finished untying them.  She felt the dress ready
to slide off of her body, and she did just that, shucking carefully
out of it.
     Tenchi stared at her, as if really seeing her for the first
time, although she had walked around naked in front of him dozens
of times before.  She smiled, a little ferally, and then sat back
down in his lap. She could feel a bulge through his pants under
her bottom, and wondered how she had missed it while he was holding
her before.  She squirmed a little, and quickly unbuttoned
his shirt.  His hands weren't idle during this time.  She felt him
lightly brush his finger tips up her spine, sending shivers up and
down her entire body, and then slide around to her front, gently
touching across her breasts.  She drew a sharp intake of breath,
as he came in contact with her nipples, which grew hard at the 
sensation.
     She kissed him, and ran her fingers down his chest, and 
hooking them slightly under the waist of his pants.  She tugged
at them a little, and then unbuttoned them.  Floating up a little,
she tugged them down, and off, leaving Tenchi as nude as she was.
She stared in appreciation as his manhood arose, freed from its 
confinement.  Tenchi placed his hands around her waist, and pulled
her back down to the bed, kissing her.  As she came to rest on the
bed, she found that they were aligned, the tip of his passion
at the very edge of her labia... just barely parting it. She shared
a long, understanding look with him.  Emotions tumbled through
the link; love, desire, and laced through it all a sense of 
rightness.
     They pulled together, and his rod pushed into her.  She gasped
in pleasure as she felt him sinking deep within her.  The girth
of his phallus stretched the walls of her womanhood out, nearly
to painful limits, and slid slowly within her, and almost no 
lubrication to aide it.  He had fully sheathed himself in her body,
before surprise overtook him, and he gave her a near confused,
slightly embarrassed look. 
     "There was no hymen?" he asked, his voice mirroring the 
confusion apparent on his features.  She shook her head
     "Washu didn't bother putting one in," she answered, going a 
little scarlet.  He grinned, and kissed her.  Slowly, he began to 
pull out, of her, until little more than his head remained in her,
and then pushed back in.  Centering on where the lovers joined,
waves of pleasure began to wash out, suffusing her.  And then she
realized that she was feeling more than just her what her body was
feeling.  She could feel him, feel it every time he pushed back 
into her, feel it through the bond they shared.  It was startling
at first, and then it just became another fuel to the pleasure
she could feel growing inside of her.  
     At first a little clumsy, they soon began to fall into a pace
that kept the rhythm going, and let it move a little faster.  As 
the dew of her passion began to flow within her and outside of her,
coating them both, it allowed them to move a little smoother,
a little better.  Soon, she felt a ball of golden pleasure forming,
filling her with a new kind of warmth.  
     She wanted more of that warmth, and picked up the pace, 
panting. She could feel that Tenchi was nearing his own climax,
groaning every time he reached the bottom of their stroke.  He 
brought up his hands to her breasts, and began to squeeze them,
gently at first, and then harder. The sensations from there seemed
to blast straight into that golden warmth building within her, and
she moaned aloud.  Then he drew forward, and began kissing a path
from her jaw line down to her breasts.  He reached one of her 
nipples, and began to suck gently at it.  With a long, wordless
gasp, she felt that ball of pleasure explode, wracking across her
body.  Every muscle of her body spasmed, and she contracted
down on Tenchi's rod.  
     Tenchi groaned, and pushed in deeply one last time, as his 
seed rushed into her, a white hot stream that forced itself deep
inside of her. The feeling of it set off another, smaller orgasm
in her body, and she shuddered as it passed through her, and then
they lay against each other, still joined as one.  They panted,
a thin slick of sweat on both of their skins, and then Tenchi 
gently kissed her.  She looked at him, knowing that the last of her
dreams really had been fulfilled.  They separated, and Tenchi 
looked at her as his now limp cock slipped wetly from her pussy.
She smiled, and began to kiss a trail down his body.  He watched
her with interest, as she moved along, down his chest.  Reaching
his pelvic region, she stared at his rod in mute fascination,
which was now starting to grow again.  It was strange, watching
it slowly expand, and stretch out as if trying to reach her.
     She looked up at him alluringly, and then opened her mouth
wide and engulfed him completely.  At first, it was strange - the
texture was unusual, and it was still hardening a little.  She 
could taste herself on it, a strange, exotic flavor, mixed in with
his semen, a salty taste that seemed to compliment her own.  She 
quickly found that the sucker analogy was quite correct, and began
to swirl her tongue around the head. She heard him moan softly,
and push up and into her mouth.  She gagged a moment, as he reached
the back of her throat, and automatically pulled her own head back
in reflex, though she did not need to breath.  After few moments,
though, she found a rhythm .  She would lick at the head for a 
little, while bobbing her head up and down.  Every once in awhile,
she would take him deeper while licking his shaft with her tongue.
     Although it was something that she had never tried before,
she quickly brought Tenchi to the brink, and then over it.  She was
quite surprised when she felt him spasm in her mouth, which was 
followed by a torrent of his seed.  Caught off guard, her mouth,
which was already nearly filled with Tenchi, was quickly filled
to overflowing.  Semen spilt out from her mouth, and onto her 
breasts.  She swallowed as much as she could, savoring its salty
taste, and pulled her head back.  A last spurt of his essence
pushed out from his phallus, splashing against her face and hair.
She wiped away a little, and made a show of licking it off her 
finger.  She moved back up his body, and then kissed him.  A little
of himself slid from her mouth to his, and he jerked a little as he
recognized what it was.
     Breaking the kiss, Tenchi brought his hands up, and began to 
gently squeeze and kneed her breasts.  She sighed in content,
and leaned back, giving him better access to the large, firm 
mounds.  He brought his mouth down on her right nipple, and began
to suckle on it.  His hands pinched and teased at her other nipple,
and she began to squirm in his grip as she felt waves of pleasure
beginning to pass through her again.
     Slowly, he brought one hand down her body, trailing his 
fingertips down across her taunt stomach, and through the fields
of her womanhood, which was the same light cyan as the rest of her
hair.  She wondered a moment what he was doing, when suddenly
she felt two of his fingers slip inside of her, while his thumb
gently stroked at her sensitive bud. A loud moan escaped her lips,
and she arched her back, grinding her pelvis toward his hand, only
wanting more of that feeling.  She felt him wiggling his fingers
around inside of her, pushing against her sensitive walls.  
Suddenly they brushed across something inside her, and she gasped
as a mini-orgasm flew through her.  Seeing her reaction, Tenchi
plumbed back, and found the spot again.  She began to shudder
as what felt like dozens of pleasure eruptions blasted through
her body.  
     It kept building, and when she was just at the brink of having
what she was certain would be the biggest orgasm in her life, he 
stopped suddenly, pulling his fingers out.  She whimpered in 
frustration as she felt herself teetering on the edge, and then 
slowly starting to come back down.  It was a pleasant shock to her
when she felt Tenchi blow lightly on her labia.  A shiver rippled
through her, and then new waves of ecstasy began to ripple through
her as he placed his mouth to her sex and began to taste her in 
earnest.  He would push his tongue in, run it around her walls,
and then pull it out, to press briefly at her bud of passion.
She was thrown over the brink, and screamed to any and all who 
could hear as her ecstasy tore through her.
     As the waves of pleasure subsided, Tenchi drew himself back
up, and kissed her.  She tasted herself in the kiss.  He drew 
close, and she could feel his manhood pressing against her entrance
once more.  She rolled him onto his back, and then straddled
him, and lowered herself onto him. His phallus pressed into her 
once more, much easier this time.  She gasped as he slid into her,
and their pelvises met.  Although the movements were a bit 
different with her on top, they quickly found the rhythm, and were
soon pressing together, joined as one.  This time as the passion
built, she reached through their bond, and touched him.  It was 
more, much much more, she found.  Every thought, every feeling
that he had she thought, felt. She felt the love, and as they both
fell over the brink, combined not only physically, but mentally,
she knew that she really was part of something more than herself
now, finally.  The orgasm crashed into her, and white hot light
burst into her mind.
     Panting, they collapsed, and he wrapped his arms around her.
     "Never again, Ryoko.  I promise that I'll hold onto you for as
long as you want.  You were always a part of me, even if I didn't
know it.  Always," he whispered into her ear.  She sighed, content,
and fell asleep wrapped in his arms, his love.  There were demons
in the night, she knew, but she trusted him to keep her safe from
them.

*****

     "Miya?"  Ryoko stirred as she felt Ryo-Ohki jump up onto her.
She opened her eyes to see Tenchi laying next to her, his eyes 
closed.  He had a peaceful expression on his face.  She smiled
as she remembered the events of the past night.  Carefully,
she extracted herself from his embrace, so as not to wake him.  
Circling around the bed, she found her wedding dress, laying on the
floor.  She carefully picked it up, and hung it into the wardrobe.
Withdrawing a pale blue robe from the oak wardrobe, she pulled
it on, and walked through the door, not bothering to open it.  She
found Rosa on the other side, looking startled.
     "No matter how many times I see you do that, I'm never going
to get used to it," she said, grinning.  There seemed to be a glow
about her this morning, as she stood there in a darker red robe.
They walked down to the kitchen.
     "You seem awfully perky today," said Ryoko, as Rosa began to 
collect a few things for breakfast.  Rosa looked at her, and 
smiled.
     "And you look like you are still wondering if this is all a 
dream," she countered.  Ryoko grinned mischievously, and pressed
on.
     "Come on now...  You two disappeared awfully quickly last 
night." Rosa looked at her, startled, and went crimson to her 
hairline.  Ryoko walked over and joined her in getting things 
ready.  She had been trying to teach Ryoko how to cook, and had had
a little success.  Ryoko started a fire in the stove.
     "Well..."
     "Come on!"
     "Ryoko!"
     "I'll go first."  Rosa looked at her for a moment, and then
sighed finally, grinning.
     "You're on!"  While they got breakfast ready, they traded
stories about the previous night.  Ryoko grinned as Rosa told her
about her first night.  Comparing notes, they found that both men
seemed to prefer more drawn out experiences.  Rosa cracked open a 
couple of eggs, as Ryoko mixed up some batter for what Rosa called
pancakes.  They were actually pretty good, Ryoko had found.
     They were just setting the last of things on the table when
Reinhart, Tenchi, and Carrie came down the stairs.  Of the three,
only Carrie looked like she had gotten any sleep.  Ryoko looked
at Rosa and they shared a grin, as they each went to their new 
husband and sat them down on the table.  Reinhart and Tenchi looked
at each other, with a gaze that seemed to say, "Why is it that we 
can barely keep our eyes open, and they're wide awake?"  Eating
breakfast was an interesting ordeal, full of stolen half grins and
innuendo from Ryoko and Rosa, and Tenchi and Reinhart doing their
best to fend them both off.  Carrie just watched with a half-way
hidden smile, and took Ryo-Ohki outside for a little bit.  After
the meal was done, Reinhart and Rosa announced that they were going
to be running into town for a bit.  Carrie asked to go with them.
Tenchi and Ryoko found themselves alone in the house.  He helped
her clear away the dishes.
     "I wanted to thank you, Ryoko.  I enjoyed last night," he said
quietly.  She turned to him, and mock seriously frowned.
     "I give you my body, and all that you can say is that you 
'enjoyed' it?" she asked.  Tenchi grinned, and affected a worried
face.
     "Well, um, I mean..."  She walked over to him, and hugged
him close to her.
     "No, my Tenchi.  Thank you.  You kept the demons away."  He 
looked at her, understanding, and kissed her deeply.

*****

     The end.  For those of you that stuck around long enough to 
read this, thank you.  I hope that you enjoyed it - lemons aren't
exactly my specialty.  Big, big thanks go to K'thardin, who did me
a big favor by going through the lemon scene and rewriting it a 
little so that it didn't seem like nothing but screwing.  Hopefully
this did a good job of exploring what Ryoko was thinking as she was
married, and finally... ahem... got Tenchi.  Thanks to Sivus, on 
#Fanfics, Dalnet IRC for prereading this.  
     I'm outta here. 