********Note from the G.O.D.: What I said in Chapter One still holds true.  
Second verse, same as the first.  I love Mihoshi, even though she is Pioneer's.  
Mihoshi loves us all, even though we're all total slobs and perverts.  BTW, I'm 
currently in negotiation with Pioneer execs to stage a cage match over who wins 
the ownership of the Techiverse, the otakus or the CN editors.  I guarantee you 
the otaku will win.*
*Note to the note: Note, this is not an actual guarantee.  If Happy Fun Ball 
begins to smoke, get away as fast as you can, call Washu, and tell her to keep 
her damn experiments out of the hands of SNL cast members.********

                              "When the Bough Breaks"
                          a Mihoshi fic by Daniel Harris
                                  Chapter Two
                      Copyright 2001 Nightweaver Productions

	Mihoshi slowly picked her head up and stared at Tenchi, her eyes brimming 
with tears.  Tenchi took a few steps back as he gaped, openmouthed, at her, 
unable to bring himself to words.  He had seen her cry dozens, if not hundreds, 
of times before, but this was certainly different.  This wasn't Mihoshi.  
Whatever brought this about was serious, and Tenchi was so taken aback at seeing 
her pained face that he was at a total loss for words.  It only took mere 
moments after seeing the tears streaming down her face for his erection to 
totally disappear.  After seeing him back away from her, Mihoshi lowered her 
head and turned the other way.  The two remained motionless for what seemed like 
hours, but in reality was only a minute or so.  Tenchi then broke the silence, 
his voice cracked and wavering.

	"Mi...Mihoshi, wha...I mean, why are you crying like that?"  Tenchi's only 
response was a sniffle or two from the officer, who remained turned from him, 
her body shaking slightly as she sobbed.  More moments passed without an answer, 
and Tenchi grew increasingly unnerved.  Mihoshi keeping quiet?  This certainly 
wasn't like her.  He had to know.

	"Please, Mihoshi, tell me!  Tell me what's wrong!"  Tenchi nearly 
screamed.  Mihoshi jerked her head up and stared wide-eyed at Tenchi.  She then 
lowered her head to her chest.  He quickly chastised himself for being so loud, 
and hung his head to his chest as well, ashamed of even having come upstairs.  
Then, in an almost inaudible voice, he murmured, "Please, I have to know."

	The answer came quickly this time.  "He's dead, Tenchi.  Grandfather is 
dead."  

	With that, Mihoshi collapsed onto her keyboard and into her folded arms, 
sobbing louder than ever.  Tenchi immediately rushed over to her and knelt down 
beside her.  He placed his hand on her arched back, which heaved with every sob.  
He began to stroke it gently as she poured out her emotions.

	"You mean the Marshal of the Galaxy Police?"  He was answered with a 
silent nod.  "Are...are you sure?  Kami...how...how did you find out?"

	Mihoshi sniffed and looked up slightly.  "I...I was writing my report...I 
heard my communicator beep...and I picked it up, and the Captain told me...he 
told me that he collapsed of a heart attack.  Oh, Tenchi, they tried to save 
him!  They did everything they could!  But...he died just a few hours ago while 
they...while th-they were op-operating on h-him."  Her voice began to stutter as 
she trailed off.

	"No..." was all Tenchi could say as he continued to stroke Mihoshi's back.  
Suddenly, Mihoshi slid off of her chair, and collapsed into Tenchi's arms, 
unconscious.  Tenchi fell backwards, but managed to catch her before she hit the 
floor.  He held her in an awkward grasp until Mihoshi awoke and turned up her 
face at him, bit her lip, and wrapped herself around Tenchi.  Tenchi reflexively 
embraced her and held her tightly.  They both remained sprawled out on the cold 
wood floor for a few minutes, until Mihoshi heard Tenchi crying as well.  She 
pulled away from him and held him at arms' length.

	"W-what's the matter, Tenchi?"  She asked, her own pain momentarily 
forgotten.

	"Oh, Kami, I'm so ashamed, Mihoshi." He said, his voice strained.
	
	Mihoshi cocked her head to one side and smiled slightly through a face 
soaked with tears.  "Well, why?  He was my grandfather...I can't see why you 
should be so sad."

	"I-I can't lie to you, Mihoshi.  Aren't you even the slightest bit curious 
why I came up here so late at night?"

	"Um...no, not really.  Oh, wait, I know!"  She exclaimed.

	"You, you do?"  A sweatdrop appeared as he braced himself for the impact.

	"Of course!  You wanted some coffee, didn't you?  All you had to do was 
ask."  She began to stand up to get some, but Tenchi held her down.

	Tenchi sighed.  "No, that's not it."  He winced.  "I-I came up here to 
look at you.  I'm so very sorry.  I was hoping to get a peek at you before I 
went to bed, but seeing you like this just got to me too much.  I feel like an 
idiot...but it can't be half as bad as what you're feeling."

	Mihoshi lowered her eyes.  "Oh...I see.  Yes, Tenchi, Grandfather meant a 
lot to me.  He was my best friend until I got here..."  She added thoughtfully, 
"I guess...I guess I never really talked to him much after I did get here.  And 
now he's gone...it's not right, Tenchi.  It just isn't.  I never got the chance 
to tell him goodbye."  She began to tear up again.

	Tenchi searched for something to tell her, and then it hit him.  It was so 
obvious.  "Mihoshi, we all lose people we care about.  It's part of life.  I 
lost my mother when I was very small.  It didn't really hit me how beautiful a 
person she was until the day I saw Ryoko wearing my mother's favorite kimono.  
Seeing her reminded me so much of mom that it was almost too much for me to 
stand when she ripped off the sleeves.  But I never knew her, and as much as 
father tries to tell me how gentle and kind she was, I never had any real 
memories of her."  He paused as he noticed that Mihoshi was staring right at 
him, hanging on his every word.  She had entirely stopped crying, and now was 
eagerly awaiting his next words.  Tenchi smiled at her.  Mihoshi smiled back.

	"So, what I'm saying is...is that you *have* good memories of your 
grandfather, right?"  She nodded.  "Well, keep those with you.  I know that 
nothing can ever replace him, but maybe, by celebrating his life and remembering 
the good times you shared, you can keep him with you all the time.  I'm sure he 
was a good man, Mihoshi.  And I know you'll honor his memory."

	Mihoshi began to brighten up some.  Light returned to her face, and she 
stood up quickly and saluted Tenchi.  Tenchi was mildly taken aback at how well 
his advice had seemed to work, and stood up to face Mihoshi, feeling it the 
right thing to do.  With the greatest enthusiasm she could muster, she said, 
"Yes, Tenchi.  Yes, I will honor him.  As a Galaxy Police Detective First Class, 
it is my duty to honor fallen heroes of our organization by doing the best I 
can.  And I will do that, Tenchi, you can count on me!"  She paused a moment, 
then threw herself into Tenchi's arms again.  "Oh thank you, thank you Tenchi!"  
Tenchi jumped a bit, but then slowly embraced her.

	"Hey, it's okay...you know, it feels good to hold you.  There's something 
I don't like about the way Ryoko and Aeka always try to grab at me, trying to 
pull me towards them, as if I was some kind of trophy.  But you don't do that.  
You aren't looking to possess me, you just want to be comforted.  I really like 
that about you."

	Mihoshi suddenly dropped her arms.  Tenchi looked at her, confused.  She 
turned away quickly, then said firmly, "That's just it, Tenchi.  Everyone thinks 
of me as a stupid blonde bimbo, and I'm not.  They think I don't get lonely, 
just like everyone else."  She sighed.  "I'm tired of being the family joke.  
Back in the Acadamy, all the boys wanted was to make fun of me or to get me into 
bed.  Grandfather cheered me up and told me everything was going to be okay...he 
comforted me, but he kept me from them, so I never dated.  He kind of protected 
me from them, ya know?  But now that he's gone...I feel like I'm lost.  I want 
to love someone...someone who likes me as a person, not as some empty-headed 
hottie."  She turned back to Tenchi, her eyes glimmering.  "Tenchi, I want you 
to be that person."  Something in Tenchi's mind immediately screamed a warning, 
but it was too late.  She ran at him and tossed herself at him, knocking him 
backwards onto her bed.  Tenchi squirmed under the pressure of her body against 
his.  
	
	"Mihoshi, I-I can't!  Come on, let me up!  S-stop joking around!"  Tenchi 
tried to slide out from underneath her, but Mihoshi held his arms fast against 
the bed.  She was surprisingly strong, and Tenchi found himself immobile under 
her powerful grasp.

	"Please, you're my destiny!  I knew it the moment you saved me from the 
crash!  Take me, Tenchi, take me now!"  She insisted with an urgent tone.  

	*Take me, take me now?*, Tenchi's mind repeated, shocked.  He could hardly 
believe those words were coming from *Mihoshi's* mouth.

	Tenchi knew that if the noise they were making kept up much longer, Ryoko 
was going to hear them.  She was, after all, only three doors down.  Then there 
would be *real* trouble.  He had to get out of her grasp...*now.*  "Mihoshi, 
please, you're hurting my arm!"

	This realization suddenly jolted Mihoshi, and she immediately let go of 
Tenchi and slumped back to the floor, dazed.  She began welling up with tears 
again, then threw her face into her hands and began to bawl.  "Oh, Tenchi-sama, 
I'm so sorry!  I don't know what came over me!  I didn't want to hurt you, 
really I didn't!  Gomen, gomen nasai Tenchi-dono!  I'm so sorry...oh Tenchi, I 
hurt you!"  She continued to sob uncontrollably as Tenchi laid on the bed, 
dazed.  After a minute, Tenchi slowly sat up, then slid down next to Mihoshi.  
He let her slide back into his arms.  Tenchi sat, rocking her back and forth, 
squeezing her tight.  He couldn't just let her suffer in silence anymore.

	"Shh, you didn't hurt me, Mihoshi-sama.  It's my fault..I should never 
have come up.  You're too sweet to go through such pain.  How can this be 
happening to you?  No, not to you...not to you...not to you..."  He continued 
repeating it until his voice became inaudible.  Then, suddenly, his erection 
began coming back.  He grimaced, willing it to go down with all his might, but 
it wouldn't.  Somehow, Mihoshi's vulnerability had spurred him to arousal once 
again.  The incredible strength she had shown while holding him down also now 
began to turn him on.  For some reason, the combination of her power over him, 
and her total vulnerability was driving him wild with passion, and it was about 
ready to bubble to the surface, despite every attempt to quelch it.  He damned 
himself for ever watching that stupid adult channel, and for ever growing into a 
teenager.

	She suddenly spoke again, muffled by Tenchi's pajamas, which she had her 
face pressed into.  "Oh, Tenchi, I'm so confused and scared.  I don't know what 
to do.  Grandfather's dead, no one loves me, and now even you hate me..."

	Tenchi gently reached down and pulled Mihoshi's face out of his arms, 
holding her by the chin as he gave her a dead serious look.  "Mihoshi, I don't 
hate you.  Don't ever think that.  You're always there to cheer me up...you 
cheer us all up, and we all love you for that.  You're a magnificent, beautiful 
woman, so filled with joy that you make me smile every time I see you.  So 
please, for your own sake if not for mine, stop beating up on yourself.  You 
have totally no reason to.  I want to see the old, fun Mihoshi again."

	Mihoshi sniffled again.  "But-but I'm a screw up.  I totally mess things 
up all the time, and now that Grandfather's gone, the Central Office is going to 
fire me for being an incompetent detective!  My job is all that I have now, 
Tenchi, and I can't lose the respect of you or the others!"

	"You're wrong, Mihoshi.  Your job isn't all that you have.  I'm still here 
for you...we all are.  I know how much the Galaxy Police mean to you...but they 
won't fire you, because you're too good of a detective...and too good of a 
person."  In the still darkness, Tenchi grasped Mihoshi's slender hands as they 
sat on the floor next to her bed.  The only sounds were the hum of her computer, 
and the occasional cricket somewhere outside.  Tenchi could feel the urge to 
make love to Mihoshi growing stronger with every passing moment that he held her 
hands.  Feeling the growing fire within him, Tenchi began leaning closer to her.  
After a moment, Mihoshi caught onto the idea.  She tilted her head to one side, 
and Tenchi cocked his the opposite way.  Tenchi could feel the heat from her 
skin as he got closer, closer, closer, until...

	Their lips met.  Mihoshi moaned slightly as she opened her mouth 
instinctively.  Tenchi slid his tongue inside, letting the warmth and wetness of 
her mouth encourage his erection to grow stiff enough to press against the 
fabric of his pajama bottoms.  Mihoshi did likewise, sliding her long tongue 
over his and into his mouth.  She playfully flicked it against the roof of his 
mouth, then against his teeth, then slipped it underneath his tongue.  After a 
minute or so, they parted.  Tenchi dropped Mihoshi's hands onto her lap.  
Mihoshi then blushed deeply and giggled.  She raised a hand to her mouth and 
wiped away some of the saliva.  So concluded what was possibly the first deep 
kiss either of them had ever experienced.

	"Oh, Tenchi...I don't know what to say.  That...that tasted good."  She 
paused a moment.  "Have you been eating cherries?  Because I swear you taste 
just like them."  She let herself suck on one of her fingers that was still wet 
with saliva.  "Yep, just like the real thing!"

	Tenchi remembered that he had indeed had some cherry pie during their 
midnight snack.  He also remembered that he thought he had seen her nipples 
through her pajamas just as he was popping a cherry into his mouth.  "Heh heh, 
yeah.  We were eating some of that leftover pie down there, weren't we?"  Tenchi 
turned red and rubbed the back of his head as he made the inevitable connection.

	"Hmm?  Tenchi, what are you nervous about?  It was just cherry pie."  
Mihoshi said, totally oblivious to the connection Tenchi had made.

	"Heh, yeah, I guess you're right.  Mihoshi, I..."  He decided that it was 
time.  Tenchi reached down, and slowly began to rub Mihoshi on the knee.  He 
continued this for a few moments while he worked up some courage.  After some 
time, he moved slowly up her leg, relishing the firmness of her skin through her 
pajamas.  Realizing what he was about to do, Tenchi stopped rubbing, and looked 
up at Mihoshi for approval.

	Mihoshi lowered her eyelids and tried to appear sultry.  She lowered her 
voice to match.  "You can...if you want to, Tenchi.  I won't tell anyone, 
Tenchi, *darling*...I won't..."  Her voice snapped like a twig, and she began 
giggling again.  "Hee hee, I'm...I'm sorry.  I guess I can't quite get that 
voice right."  She snorted slightly as she laughed.  Tenchi smiled warmly at her 
and chuckled as well.

	He then asked, "Oh, say, Mihoshi, I've always wondered something.  Do you 
mind if I pry a bit?"

	"Oh, sure!  Would you like me to go get you a crowbar, because you know 
you just can't pry something up without a crowbar.  *Trust* me, I should 
know..."

	Tenchi jerked as if he had just been hit in the back of the head, then 
added calmly, "That's...not what I meant, Mihoshi."  He cocked his head 
thoughtfully to one side and continued, "I meant, I never really got to know 
you.  I mean, you just fell out of the sky one day, and no one ever asked where 
you came from.  You're not human, that I can tell, but I never asked what 
species you are, what planet you came from.  I guess it's not important, but I'd 
really like to know.  Just, you know, for my own sake."

	Mihoshi thought for a moment.  Tenchi, meanwhile, kept his hand on her 
thigh, gently massaging it.  After a while, she replied, "Well, I *think* I'm a 
Kizakan, that's what my mother told me anyway.  I grew up in space, so I never 
knew where I came from.  I'm pretty sure Captain Nobeyama is like me, though.  
He sure *looks* like me.  Yeah, now that I remember, my mother told me that all 
us Kizakans were a warlike people once, and fought a huge war that my 
grandfather was in.  There were quite a few people like me in the police 
acadamy, so I never felt alone.  Well, except for all the times that my 
grandfather drove the boys away because they were annoying me.  See, he had to, 
because father died in a raid by Kagato just before I was born.  My mother told 
me that he was a brave man, and defended his outpost until he..."  She halted 
abruptly, closed her eyes and turned away for a moment.  She then chuckled 
uneasily and rubbed the back of her head.  "Haha, look at me, Tenchi, I'm 
rambling on like a little girl.  Jeez, I'm sure you didn't want to hear all 
that.  I'm acting like a ditz.  I can try going back to being sexy, if you want 
me to, Tenchi.  *Darling.*" 

	"That's okay, I prefer you the way you are.  Don't put on a mask for me, 
Mihoshi.  Be yourself.  I want to know that I'm loving the real you, the real, 
clumsy you.  Not some plastic imitation."  As he finished the last sentence, 
Tenchi resumed rubbing, finally reaching her crotch.  It felt so warm, Tenchi 
thought.  He had never felt a girl there before, and the thrill was nearly 
overwhelming.  He could feel his heart fluttering like a hummingbird.  He was 
not aware that Mihoshi's heart was doing the same thing.  While one hand was 
busy below Mihoshi's waist, Tenchi slowly slid his other hand up Mihoshi's side, 
and under her pajama top.  He gently massaged her taut skin until he reached the 
softer, yet still firm skin of her breasts.  He continued to massage her as he 
worked his hand to the front of her breasts and began to rub her erect nipples.  
Mihoshi raised herself up onto her knees and straddled him, as he continued to 
stroke her body.  It was her turn to grab Tenchi's face.  She pulled it up to 
his, and the two tired yet glowing countenances grew closer and closer, until...

	*Beep!  Beep!  Beep!*

	"Oh my, my communicator!"  Mihoshi suddenly released Tenchi, and absent-
mindedly pushed him aside onto the bed.  Their passion popped like a bubble.  
"Oh my, where is it?  I know I just saw it around here!"  She began to rummage 
through the various books and papers on her bed, casually nudging Tenchi aside 
as she did so.

	"Mi-Mihoshi, what-what are you doing?"  Tenchi slid around on the bed, 
trying to avoid her pawing, which was growing frantic.  "D-do you want me to 
help?"  Suddenly, he realized he was sitting on something.  Something hard.  He 
reached down between his legs and felt it with his hand.  Something smooth, 
with...a watch band?  "Oh no," he thought.  Too late.

	"Ah, there it is!"  Mihoshi saw the glint of metal between Tenchi's 
crotch, and grabbed for it.  Tenchi cringed, backed up as far as he could, and 
put out his hands to steady himself on the bed.  Air.  He felt air.  Damn.

	"I GOT IT!"  Mihoshi beamed proudly as she held up her prized watch.*  
Just then, Tenchi fell off of the side of her bed, crashing to the floor in a 
heap.  He lay twitching, his legs sticking up in the air.  It took a moment for 
Mihoshi to notice.  "Ten...Tenchi?"  She turned around.  "Now where'd he go?  
Ten-chan?"

	"...Ouch."  Tenchi managed to mumble as he lay awkwardly on his back on 
the floor.

	"Oh, there you are!  Hold on a second, I just have to answer this!" she 
said cheerfully. She pressed a tiny switch on the side of her watch, and the 
voice of her commander answered.

	"Mihoshi!  Answer me!  This is very important!"

	"I'm *yawn* here, Captain Nobeyama.  So...what can I do for you?"
	
	"Oh, there you are."  His voice softened.  "It's more about your 
grandfather, Mihoshi.  Everyone here is in a great deal of agony over his 
passing, but we have managed to put together a tribute ceremony to him.  We 
would like to formally extend our invitation to you...being his granddaughter, 
I'm sure you would like to attend."

	"Of course I'll attend!  When *yawn* is the ceremony?  Oh, sorry."  She 
put her hand to her mouth to stifle her next yawn.

	"The ceremony will be held two Sol days from now here at HQ.  I 
would...*require* you to attend, but...are you okay?"

	"Yes, I'm just a little...*yawn* tired, Sir.  It is almost two in the 
morning here."

	"Oh, I apologize.  It still is hard to judge times in your system from 
here at HQ.  Yes, the ceremony is in two days at 1400 hours.  A copy of the 
schedule has been downloaded your Yukinojo unit onboard your shuttle."  
Nobeyama's voice softened even more, until it became barely a whisper.  "I know 
this must be hard for you, Detective Mihoshi...it's hard for all of us.  Don't 
let any of the other detectives know, but I feel for you.  You may not be our 
best detective, but there's no reason why you should go through this."

	Mihoshi smiled.  "Oh, thank you, Sir.  But...I have a question.  Who is 
taking over for my grandfather?"

	"No one is sure yet.  We still are in the process of contacting most of 
the regional headquarters to inform them of the news.  All of them are sending 
representatives to be present at the ceremony, and to vote for Marshal 
Anderson's replacement.  But, like I said, that is in two days, so please use 
this time how you will."

	Tenchi, while this conversation was going on, had managed to right himself 
and check to make sure he didn't break anything.  He now stood back up and eased 
over to Mihoshi to eavesdrop on the dialogue.

	"I have another question, if it's okay by you.  Can you..." Her voice 
wavered a bit as she bit her lip and continued, "Can you tell me if...Kiyone's 
going to be at my grandfather's ceremony?"

	Silence.  Then, "I haven't spoken with her about it yet.  In fact, I 
haven't spoken with her much since she transferred to Ninth HQ, over at Delta 
Octantis.**  She seemed happy when I spoke with her last.  She also seemed 
pleased with your reassignment to the Sol system."

	"Oh, wow, she must have found out that I have so many nice friends down 
here!  Kiyone's so nice and considerate, thinking of me like that.  I hope she's 
there!"

	The Captain responded, half under his breath, "I don't think that's quite 
why she was so pleased..."

	"Oh, Sir, I have one more question to ask you.  I wonder, should I...um, I 
mean, can I...I mean, will you allow me to..."  She looked down at her hands and 
began pushing her two index fingers together.

	The Captain's voice grew a tad annoyed.  "Can you *what,* Mihoshi?"

	"Um, can I...bring a guest with me, S-sir?"

	"It's against regulations, but I could make an exception, I suppose.  Who 
did you have in mind?"

	"Well, I was thinking of...T-Tenchi, Sir."  Tenchi face-faulted behind 
her.

	The Captain sighed.  "I should have known.  Well, seeing as how he did 
take care of the Kagato problem, and somehow manage to save you on quite a few 
occasions, I...suppose.  Make sure that both of you are prompt, though.  None of 
your usual.  You know what I mean."

	"Oh, thank you, thank you Sir!  You can count on me!  Hey, while I'm 
bringing Tenchi, I'll ask the others if they want to come, too!  We can have a 
cookout or something!  Yeah, it'll be fun!  Mihoshi out!"

	"No, wait a minute, I didn't say...!"  Mihoshi clicked the switch and cut 
the Captain off in mid-sentence.  Tenchi put his hand on her shoulder to get her 
attention.

	"Mihoshi," he began hesitantly, "I...can't go with you.  I know you want 
me to, but I have school, and really can't miss any more.  With Ryoko around, 
it's a wonder that I get to class a few times a week as it is."

	Mihoshi's face fell.  "Oh..."  She then placed a finger on her chin and 
thought for a moment.  "Well...if I remember correctly, you have your spring 
vacation coming up after this week.  Yes, I think it's from April 12th to the 
19th, so that would mean you can finish this week and come with me to the 
ceremony!"

	Another sweatdrop appeared as Tenchi mentally corrected himself.  He'd 
been so busy that he had forgotten that his vacation started at the end of that 
week.  "Heh, heh, you remember that, huh?  Well, I guess you're right.  And it's 
only right that someone should come with you..."  Only Mihoshi would remember 
something like that, Tenchi thought.

	Mihoshi's eyes glimmered like diamonds, and she clasped her hands and 
leaned towards Tenchi.  "Then, then you'll go?"
	
	"Sure.  I just can't let my favorite cop walk this beat alone, now can I?"

	"Oh, you're so sweet!  Thank you again!"  She immediately glomped him 
again, much like Ryoko would.  Tenchi couldn't help but make the comparison as 
he once again hugged her.  She seemed to need quite a few hugs tonight.

	"Okay, okay, that's enough.  I think it's about time for me to go to bed.  
I've got class tommorrow."  Tenchi waited a moment for Mihoshi to take her arms 
off him.  She remained still.  "Um...Mihoshi?"  He then noticed her even 
breathing, and looked down at her.  She had her eyes closed, and a small snot 
bubble was starting to form on her left nostril as she lightly snored.

	Tenchi said to himself, "Wow.  This girl can fall asleep *anywhere*.  She 
must have been really tired."  He stroked her hair, savoring the softness of it 
as it playfully sprung back under his touch.  It was time for bed.  He knelt 
down, gently cradling her legs under his right arm, and slowly picked her up.  
Her limp form yielded easily under his grasp.  Tenchi carried her over to her 
bed and laid her down on a clean spot, free of the various papers and books that 
she had just rummaged through.  He stacked up some of the books surrounding her 
and set them on the floor, clearing off most of the bed.  He pulled the blanket 
and quilt over her, then, noticing she was beginning to drool, wiped it from the 
side of her mouth with the back of his hand.  Sex would have to wait, Tenchi 
thought.  Because whatever that was that they just did, it wasn't sex.  But 
Tenchi felt better all the same, somewhat more whole than before.

	"I guess love doesn't have to include sex...maybe one day, Mihoshi, but 
not with me.  Your true love is out there, but I just don't know where."  Tenchi 
whispered under his breath.  "Goodnight, Mihoshi-hime."  As a final act, he 
walked over to Mihoshi's computer and shut off the monitor.  It crackled 
slightly in the night air as the blue glow faded to nothing.  He picked his way 
over to the thin wood door and slid it open.

	Tenchi stepped out into the hallway and closed the door behind him, which 
whispered to a stop.  The main hallway was lighted in a tender moonlit glow as 
he turned the corner and started towards the bathroom.  Suddenly, however, he 
reeled backwards from a slap that sent him flying into the wall.  A picture fell 
from its hanger and crashed to the floor, the glass shattering and piercing the 
quiet night.  Tenchi quickly grabbed his throbbing cheek with his hand and 
looked up.  He gaped, wide-eyed as he saw who had delivered it.

	It was Ryoko.

End of Chapter Two

*I know that Mihoshi's watch is only a pager and lifeform locater early on in 
the OAV, but my theory is HQ gave her an upgraded version after the Kagato 
incident, since it *did* detect the developing black hole onboard the Shunga. -
ed.

**When was this ever mentioned?  It wasn't.  However, I felt that there needed 
to be a reason why Kiyone wasn't in the OAV, yet in the Mihoshi Special.  Sure, 
it was an alternate reality, but maybe that was just Mihoshi's "unique" spin on 
the events. -ed.

Please send comments to nightweaver@bigmailbox.net
Chapter Three coming in mid June 2001, with further ones to follow.  Flames and 
personal attacks will be ignored, LART'ed, or deleted.  White Knight of KOME 
since 2000.  Thank you, drive through.
