***********Loyal fans, wait no more!  Chapter 4 is finally here!  Now, while I 
didn't write nearly as much as I wanted to, I did write in alot of what I 
wanted.  If I HAD included all that I wanted to in this chapter, it would have 
taken me until November and gone well over 100k.  Since I know you all want 
*something* from me, here is what is basically half of Chapter 4, but still well 
long enough to be called a "full" chapter.  I have this nagging voice in my head 
that compels me to work faster, but then the quality would suffer.  Like you may 
have noticed that this chapter is already more than a month late.  I have to 
apologize, but I'm doing a bunch of other stuff right now, too.  So, without 
further ado, read on!**********

WARNING: You will get wet on this ride.  (You'll know what this means soon 
enough.)

			      "When the Bough Breaks"
                          a Mihoshi fic by Daniel Harris
                                  Chapter Four
                      Copyright 2001 Nightweaver Productions

	"I hear your name whispered on the wind
	It's a sound that makes me cry
	I hear a song blow again and again through my mind
	And I don't know why
	I wish I didn't feel so strong about you
	Like happiness and love that mold around you
	Trying to catch your heart
	Is like trying to catch a star
	So many people love you, baby
	That must be what you are..."
			-Boy Meets Girl, "Waiting for a Star to Fall"

****************************************************************
	
	Deep in space, near the center of the Milky Way galaxy, the first glimmers 
of sunlight were reflecting off of the curved hull of a massive blue metal 
toroid, signaling morning for those who dwelled inside, beyond the thousands of 
tiny windows that dotted its surface.  Kept in geosyncronous orbit, life aboard 
the station was more or less normal, each day lasting 33 galaxy standard hours, 
the length of one day on the surface of the home planet below.  Nearly dwarfing 
the planet from which it was spawned, this massive circular space station could 
have been any civilization's first step into space, if it weren't for the huge, 
familiar insignia emblazoned on its surface.  Below this insignia composed of 
two crossed olive branches and stars that framed a stylized "GP" was written the 
name of the facility in eight meter high white letters.  They read: "Galaxy 
Police Central Headquarters."

	"There just doesn't seem to be any reason for it, Miarra," the deep, yet 
soothing voice said from the shadows underneath the enclave's vast overhang.  
The man, slumped in his plush chair, now picked up his head to reveal an aging 
Kizakan officer, sorrow burned into the lines of his deeply bronzed face.  He 
steepled his fingers in front of him and narrowed his cat-like eyes.  Far more 
feline in appearance than the Marshal, Commander Shinobu was nevertheless a 
native Kizakan, a sub-species known as the Seniwa to which Mihoshi's commander 
also belonged.*  Were it not for his graying beard and stockier build, Shinobu 
could be his doppleganger.  After a few moments of thought, Shinobu turned about 
in his chair, stood up slowly, and walked over to the bank of windows facing out 
into space.

	"It just doesn't make any sense.  He was in good health.  His medical 
records show nothing that could have led to a sudden heart attack," Commander 
Shinobu fumed as he stared out through the floor-length port window at the 
curved horizon of planet Seniwa.

	"We have our best forensics specialists investigating the matter of 
Marshal Anderson's death, Sir.  Unfortunately, the autopsy did not reveal 
anything of importance, and as the Marshal was found alone in his quarters, we 
have no witnesses.  Without...without anything more to go on, Sir, I'm afraid we 
cannot pursue this as a criminal investigation," the young female Kizakan 
detective replied.  Named as Commander Shinobu's personal assistant, detective 
first class Miarra was diminutive, barely five feet tall, but full of the 
enthusiasm that the top Galaxy Police officers have for their work.  Her long 
crimson hair was tied into a braid that ran the length of her back, past her 
regulation uniform dress, down almost to her knees.  She stood up and bowed her 
head to her chest while she continued, her voice strained.  "I know...how much 
the Marshal meant to you, Sir.  It won't be easy for us to continue without his 
leadership."

	Commander Shinobu remained silent for a few moments before continuing.  
"When he and I were cadets, Anderson and I often took runs together in the 
officer's quad.  He would always beat me, despite being almost forty years 
younger than I.  Every morning at 0400...for nearly 50 years.  We were eager, 
young, fresh-faced rookies still trying to please our commanders.  We were 
competitive, oh yes.  It was almost more than I could stand when he was promoted 
to Marshal instead of I.  The initial hatred and jealousy I felt for him had no 
bounds.  My feelings of betrayal were almost impossible to bear.  I thought that 
his new position would harden his attitude towards me, destroy our friendship, 
but it didn't.  When I saw him one day eating at the officer's mess, just like 
the rest of us scrubs, I was impressed.  He offered me a seat, and I couldn't 
resist taking it.  His warm voice was more than enough to make me forget our 
troubles."

	He turned towards his assistant, smiled slightly, and turned back.  He 
placed his gloved hand on the window, not to steady himself, but instead to try 
to reach out and touch the surface of his beloved home, many hundreds of miles 
below.

	"Yes, Miarra, him and I were the best of friends.  I've shared with him 
more hardships and good times than I can even remember.  It was the hard times 
that brought us together, but it was the joyous moments that kept us that way.  
Like the attack on Jurai...I remember her, Miarra.  Ryoko.  That demon who 
almost destroyed our entire fleet in our scramble to defend the royal palace.  
No one could stop her.  We had fifteen battle cruisers concentrating every one 
of their particle beams on her, but nothing worked.  Beams that ripped through 
the Jurai palace like tissue paper deflected off of her like they were nothing.  
But just when I was about to give up, just when I was about to call a retreat, 
Anderson walked right up to me, put his hand on my shoulder, and told me words 
that I will never forget:

	'Friend, there are times in life that try even the hardiest of souls.  But 
it is during those times that the greatest of us stand firm, facing fate not 
with fear or hatred, but with defiance.  For there is no fate except that which 
we make for ourselves, and to defy fate is to look death in the eye and laugh.'

	In the end, we did not call a retreat.  Ryoko was luckily chased off of 
the planet by a brave warrior named Yosho, or so the legend goes.  The Jurai 
High Council isn't very giving when it comes to matters of imperial history, 
even those to which the Galaxy Police were part of.  But...but that was over 700 
years ago, and none of that matters anymore, Anderson is gone.  However, I will 
not let his passing be in vain."

	"What do you mean by that, Sir?" she asked.

	"I mean that the Galaxy Police has become soft, Miarra.  It has forgotten 
its noble roots, and has been driven to the brink of becoming nothing more than 
a puppet organization controlled by the Juraian High Council.  All of our major 
command decisions have been ripped from us, and now must pass through their 
hands for 'recommendation' before finally being returned to us in a weaker form 
that doesn't allow us to either expand as an organization, or reform ourselves 
for the better," he practically spat out.  "We've been castrated in our prime."

	The young Kizakan detective seemed shocked at his tone.  "I-I had no idea, 
Sir.  What do you recommend?"

	The commander turned about and strided back to his desk.  He punched in a 
few commands on the touch-sensitive computer built into the glass surface of his 
polished, wood-grain desk.  Almost immediately, a list of a dozen or so officers 
and staff scrolled up onto the screen, each accompanied by a photograph.  Most 
were Kizakan, some were Seniwan, and a few were of other races.  Commander 
Shinobu's name and picture accompanied this group.

	"Is this the current list of potential replacements for Marshal Anderson?" 
he asked.

	The detective bent down, picked up her portable terminal, and brought up 
the same list.  "Yes Sir.  The list you are viewing is current as of 0730 hours.  
Each of these candidates has been selected from among the most outstanding 
officers and staff from each of the twelve regional headquarters.  As you can 
see, Sir, you are one of them."

	"Yes, Miarra, I can see that.  What exactly are my odds of receiving the 
title over these other eleven?"

	Miarra typed some more, and scrolled through the bios of each candidate.  
After a few minutes, she replied, "You have little to worry, Sir.  Your 
accomplishments and service record far outweigh almost all of them.  There 
should be no problem in your promotion to..."

	"Wait a minute, what do you mean, *almost* all of them?" the commander 
interrupted.  Hearing no answer immediately, he began to scroll through the bios 
himself, eventually happening upon one that stood out among the rest.  The image 
of this candidate was of a green-haired female.  "Miarra, I'm seeing something 
here which is impossible.  Tell me, who is this 'Kiyone Makibi?'"

	"Um...just give me a second to check, Sir.  Ah, there she is.  Detective 
First Class Kiyone Makibi, currently stationed at Ninth Headquarters in the 
Octantis cluster.  Her service record is outstanding; she entered the Acadamy at 
age 15, two years under the legal limit, graduated second in her class at age 
17, and made detective at age 18.  Her personal record includes two-hundred 
thirty-eight arrests ranging from drug possession and distribution to 
interplanetary terrorism.  Her apprehension rate is 99.6 percent, Sir.  
Only...one failure to apprehend and convict, and that was...Kagato, Sir," she 
finished, quite surprised at the information.

	Commander Shinobu, who had been listening intently, clenched his fists and 
slammed them down onto his desk.  "DAMN!  I knew it!  But how...how is it 
possible for a Terran to have achieved so much in such a short period of time?  
It took me nearly three times as long to achieve such a record!  She's 
good...perhaps too good.  She-she *is* a Terran, is she not?"

	"Biologically, yes Sir, she is.  However, her birthplace is offworld, 
outside of the Sol system."

	"How is that possible?  The Special Protection Area surrounding Sol was 
not determined to possess interplanetary spacecraft of any significant class.  
It is not possible that any Terran could have been born anywhere but in that 
system.  So what *is* her homeworld?"

	Miarra hesitated.  "It's...undetermined, Sir.  Other than the mention of 
her not being from Sol, there is no further data available on it.  Since she 
entered the acadamy before the legal age, her personal background was not made 
public, as per the minors protection act."

	"Parents?"

	"Unknown.  Again, they were not recorded, nor have they stepped forward 
with any information since her graduation.  Detective Kiyone is the only one who 
has that information now."

	The commander thrust his arm forward and pointed at Miarra.  "Contact her 
immediately via Super Interspace Hotline!  I want her record confirmed by her 
own words!  If...if it proves to be true, then...," his voice trailed off as he 
slowly slumped down into his chair.

	"Then...then what, Sir?"

	Shinobu sighed and began rubbing his forehead, clearly exhausted.  "I-I 
don't really know, Miarra.  I know that detectives of Ms. Makibi's status do not 
arise very often, and should her record prove legitimate, then it means that she 
has achieved in twenty-three short years what I could not in over seventy.  A 
Terran, Miarra.  A species who by all intents and purposes should not have 
anywhere near the raw skill for police work that we Seniwans do.  After all, are 
we not more physically capable, more logical, more devoted to our work than any 
other species that has gone through the acadamy?"

	The young detective blushed.  "We-we are, Sir.  But remember, I am a 
Kizakan.  Please, try to remember that.  I take pride in my race, just as you 
do."

	"Ah yes.  I forget myself, Miarra.  I know that is a sensitive issue with 
you.  But remember, unlike my ancestors, I have no desire to see your race 
enslaved again.  Regardless of our pasts, we *can* live in peace as one, 
separate but equal.  My relationship with the Marshal should have proved the 
best example of that ideal.  But now I feel that it is my time to take his 
place, and this Kiyone Makibi could present a problem."

	"Are you suggesting taking measures to ensure your election?" she asked 
quietly.

	The commander mulled over the question for a moment.  "Perhaps...no.  No, 
no, I cannot.  That is not my way.  At best, it would present a bad example to 
our officers, and at worst...at worst, it would get many innocent people hurt.  
The risks are simply too great, and the margin for error is small.  For now, I 
will play a waiting game, and see what our Congress decides.  The Juraians may 
have a stranglehold on most of our operations, but they have no business 
interfering with a Galaxy Police congressional decision.  For now, we must put 
our trust in them."

	At that moment, a musical electronic bell sounded over their heads, 
signaling someone at the Commander's door.

	"You may come in," he said.

	The doors slid open, and a young Juraian man walked into their chambers 
carrying a tray of drinks.  His features were angular, yet his face beamed 
youthfully, and his short black hair was mostly covered by the native cap he 
wore.  However, his slightly altered, simply styled GP work uniform signified he 
was of the lowest rank, that of resident staff officer.

	"Ah, Tetsuro, come in my boy.  I see you have the Aldean spiced tea I 
called for.  Please, set it down on my desk," Shinobu said in a friendly tone.

	The young Juraian did as he was told, setting the tray down on the corner 
of his desk.  He pulled the stopper from the decanter and poured out two small 
tumblers of the golden liquid.  As he did so, Commander Shinobu noticed that his 
hands were trembling nervously.

	"So, Tetsuro, how are you adjusting to life aboard Central Headquarters?  
Is everything going all right for you?  Is there anything I can assist you 
with?" Shinobu asked.

	The boy looked up from his task.  "I-I'm fine, Sir.  I suppose I'm just a 
little...jittery from the last few days.  You know, what with Sir Anderson's 
passing and all.  It's hit the men pretty hard, Sir.  You know, which one of us 
could be next, and all that?  But I suppose it's all irrational behavior, isn't 
it?" he said as he handed the Commander one of the tumblers.  He set it down 
next to him.

	"Nonsense, son.  Those feelings are pefectly acceptable considering the 
circumstances.  He meant alot to us all, including me and Miarra.  We've found 
it tough as well, but we just haven't showed it much.  Say...how long have you 
been stationed here so far?"

	"T-two months next week, Sir.  I was transferred here right out of the 
acadamy."

	"Ah, then at least I know that you won't be competing with me for the 
Marshal's seat!  Consider yourself lucky, son, once you get a few years of 
experience under your belt, you'll wish that you were still back in the 
acadamy!"  Shinobu suddenly began to laugh loudly, shocking Tetsuro, who took a 
few steps back.  Miarra walked up behind him and put her hand on his shoulder.  
He jumped a bit at this.

	"Don't worry, kid, that's just the Commander's dry wit.  You should 
consider yourself lucky; he doesn't often show it to anyone but his closest 
friends," she said.

	Shinobu's laughter slowly died away, and he coughed into his hand.  "Ahem, 
excuse me.  It's just that I find laughter to be best for dealing with difficult 
situations.  Here, Miarra, have some tea.  You can take some if you like too, 
Tetsuro."  He poured an extra glass of the stuff and offered it to the young 
man.

	"That's-that's okay, Sir.  I really must be going, I have duties to attend 
to," he said, waving off the offered drink politely.

	"Well, *I'll* take some, Sir," Miarra said as she stepped forward and took 
the second drink from the tray.  "Besides, you shouldn't call this stuff 'tea,' 
Commander.  I already know that this is actually Aldean spiced *rum,* from the 
Epsilon Mynos system, if I'm not mistaken.  I *do* hang out in the officer's 
lounge occasionally, you know," she added as she took a healthy drink from her 
glass.

	Tetsuro took this opportunity to excuse himself, and he left the chamber 
hastily.  It was only when the door slid shut behind him that Shinobu took 
notice.  He looked up from his glass.  "Well, I say that young man needs to 
learn how to relax more.  But if he has duties, than far be it from me to keep 
him from them," he said.  "What do you think, Miarra?"

	He heard no answer.  Shinobu turned away from the exit to face Miarra.  
She was not standing in the spot that she had just been.  In fact, he couldn't 
see her anywhere.  "Miarra?  Where are you?"  He stood up, and that's when he 
saw it.

	Miarra was lying sprawled on the floor, her glass on its side next to her.  
What little was left of her drink had spilled out onto the carpet.  Shinobu 
immediately rushed to her side, knelt down, and checked for a pulse.  He felt 
one, but it was very faint.

	"Miarra!  Miarra, can you hear me!?" he yelled frantically.  He heard no 
answer.  Shinobu then stood up, rushed over to his desk, picked up his drink, 
and smelled it.  

        "Bah!  Poisoned!"

        He threw the glass with considerable force at the wall, where it 
shattered on impact.  "Computer!  Alert stations!  All personnel to their posts!  
This is not an exercise!  Seal all hanger bays and corridor intersections 
immediately!" he barked.  "Attention, medical personnel!  Officer down!  All 
available emergency medics to the Commander's quarters!"  Before he had finished 
his orders, the emergency klaxon had begun blaring, echoeing throughout his 
cavernous chambers.  As he finished, a glint in the corner of his eye caught his 
attention.  He rushed to the window to see the streamlined shape of a Galaxy 
Police patrol ship streak by his view, already traveling thousands of miles per 
hour away from the station.

	"Computer, open communication with that shuttle!  I demand to know who is 
on board!"

	"UNABLE TO ESTABLISH LINK.  SHIP IS TRANSMITTING A JAMMING FREQUENCY THAT 
CANNOT BE PENETRATED," the female voice of the station's computer responded from 
overhead.

	"Impossible!  There isn't any frequency that we cannot breach!  Fine, run 
a blocking signal using a direct laser transmission at once, and start a 
rotating subspace frequency!  I WILL contact that pilot!"

	However, just as he finished his last sentence, the patrol ship's engines 
began to glow brightly, and it rocketed away into hyperspace moments after.

	"UNABLE TO COMPLY.  SHIP HAS ENTERED HYPERSPACE, AND IS NOW OUT OF 
COMMUNICATION RANGE," the computer voice replyed a moment after.

	"Damn it!" The Commander punched the port glass.

****************************************************************

	Many thousands of light years away on a backwater planet named Earth, dark 
clouds were moving in over the Masaki household located on the small island of 
life named Japan.  Down on the surface, peals of distant thunder could be heard 
by the sharp and acutely tuned ears of Ryoko.  Sitting just inside the house, 
the pirate sat cross-legged, her arms braced backwards as she stared up at the 
sky through the floor-length patio windows.

	"Man, just when I wanted to go flying today.  This sucks ass.  I really 
needed to get out and have some fun today, too.  After all that crap this 
morning, the last thing I want to see is *her* lying there, reminding me of what 
an idiot I was," Ryoko mused quietly as she looked back at the snoring Mihoshi 
on the couch.  Ryoko sighed.  "Huh, just look at her.  I doubt that girl would 
care if she had a hole blown through her.  She'd probably just laugh it off and 
make some crack like, 'Oh well, at least now I have permanent air 
conditioning,'" she said in her best Mihoshi imitation.

	"I wish I was like that, I really do, being able to see the bright side of 
everything.  But I can't be, kid.  You have to understand that.  I love Tenchi, 
and I can't promise not to hit you if you ever cross me again.  I know what 
Washu said...but I'm not that damned stupid.  I know you can take a punch.  Huh, 
never thought I'd be competing with Aeka *and* you for Tenchi.  Life hands you 
some real lemons at times, I guess.  We just all have to deal with them, even if 
they do piss us off."

	Just as she finished the last sentence, a huge bolt of lightning flashed 
across the sky in front of the house, followed by a ground-shaking "CRACK!" as 
the thunder hit.  In shock, Ryoko bolted to her feet and drew a light-sword 
instinctively.  She trembled nervously and looked around, then extinguished the 
sword when she saw nothing.

	"Ha, just some stupid thunder.  I'll never get used to the weather here."  
She looked again to the sleeping detective, who had not even moved.  "Figures," 
Ryoko griped.  "With Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, and Princess Prissy Pants asleep 
upstairs, Tenchi at school, Washu in her lab, and sleeping beauty over here 
zonked out, I can't even *talk* to anyone.  Hell, maybe if Ryo-Ohki was awake, I 
could at least go for a ride.  But I ain't going out in this mess," she said as 
she looked out to the window.  Sheets of rain were now streaming down the 
windows, and the sky flashed with more lightning.  She stood there for a beat 
before concluding, "Nope, I guess I'll be skipping that idea entirely.  So what 
am I supposed to do?"

	Ryoko looked at Mihoshi, who was now drooling onto the couch cushion.  
"You're no help.  Oh well, I suppose I'll watch something on TV.  Seems like the 
day for it."  She walked over to the loveseat next to the couch and "floomped" 
down into its enveloping cushions before remembering something important.  "Oh 
damn, that's right, the remote."  Grumbling to herself, Ryoko pulled herself out 
of the seat and walked over to the TV.  She immediately noticed that the remote 
control was not in its usual location on top of the set.  

	"Wonderful.  Where could it be?"  She returned to the loveseat and pulled 
up the cushions.  Not there.  Then she looked over at Mihoshi, and noticed a 
small corner of black plastic sticking out from under her middle.

	"Oh my god, let me guess," she groaned as she walked over and knelt down 
beside Mihoshi, who was lying on her side.  As she reached out to grab it, 
Mihoshi rolled over onto her stomach, trapping the remote entirely under her.  
Ryoko was getting frustrated.  "You just had to go and do that, huh?  Well, 
excuse me, but..."  With that, Ryoko slid her hands under Mihoshi's middle and 
fished around for the remote.  In doing so, she inadvertently felt the warmth of 
her skin against her hands, and the slow, steady breaths she was taking.  For 
some reason, Ryoko's heart began to race at that moment.  She paused a moment in 
her search, turned her hands over, and began to gently stroke Mihoshi's stomach, 
feeling the tautness of it, the fine musculature, the warmth of her golden...

	"YAHH!  What am I doing!  Gimme that damn remote, you slacker!"  Snapping 
out of it, Ryoko lifted up Mihoshi deftly with one hand and yanked out the 
remote.  She then dropped her unceremoniously back onto the couch.  Mihoshi 
moaned a bit in her sleep, but soon returned to her normal light snoring.  Ryoko 
looked at her hand with her mouth open, dumbfounded.  "Did...did I just do that?  
Ugh!"  She smacked herself in the head, then brushed her hand against her dress 
frantically, trying to get Mihoshi's smell off of her.  "What the hell is wrong 
with me?  I'm not *that* desperate...am I?"  She stopped brushing and thought 
for a moment.  "No, no I'm not."

	She sat back down and clicked on the television.  It crackled to life as 
the picture tube warmed up.  

	She heard the action a few seconds before she saw it.  

	The television was still tuned into the adult channel, just as Tenchi had 
left it the night before.  From the speakers emanated a soft strain of jazz 
music, which barely muffled the twin sets of orgasmic moans that both 
seemed...female?  Ryoko leaned closer to the set, just as the picture came on.  
First the vague outline, then the full color image of two women performing 
cunnilingus on each other filled the screen.  Both were young, one a brunette, 
and the other a redhead.  They were lying on a blanket on what appeared to be a 
patio, eagerly bucking their hips into each other's face, moaning so loud Ryoko 
thought it would wake Mihoshi.

	"Holy...shit.  Wow...," was all Ryoko could get out as she stared 
openmouthed at the screen, visually drinking in every second of the action.  
"These...these are two women.  I...had no...no idea *women* did this kind of 
thing to each other.  Man, they're really going at it."  She swallowed hard, and 
leaned even closer.  Her face was now inches from the screen.  On one 
particularly loud, ecstatic moan, Ryoko fumbled with the remote which she held 
limply in her hands and quickly turned down the volume.  She put her index 
finger up to her mouth.  "Shhh!  Be quiet, you little trollops...man, this is 
sick.  So...so why can't I change the channel?"  She continued to watch as the 
camera cut to a close-up of the redhead's rear.  The brunette's tongue was 
playfully and skillfully darting in and out of the redhead's engorged pink slit 
and flicking her tongue against her clitoris hood.  One of her free hands was 
also gently massaging her pubic mound, which was covered in a neatly trimmed row 
of fiery red pubic hair.

	By this time, Ryoko barely noticed the drool running down her chin.  It 
was only when it dripped onto her hand that she noticed.  She reached up and 
wiped the spit from her mouth with the back of her hand.  "Eww, now I'm drooling 
over this garbage?  What is wrong with me?  I don't find this attractive at 
all."  Still, Ryoko felt her heart racing at an incredible rate.  She tried to 
rationalize it to herself.  "They're so...embarrassing.  They're really trying 
too hard.  Makes refined young women like myself look like sluts.  But 
damn...they sure do look like they're enjoying themselves.  Maybe..."

	Ryoko licked her lips, put the remote down onto the floor and leaned back 
into the cushions.  She stretched out her long legs in front of her and slowly 
slid her hands down her dress, keeping her eyes riveted on the television.  The 
pirate smiled guiltily to herself as she slowly pulled up the hem of the blue 
fabric.  Stopping right at the top of her thighs, Ryoko leered over at Mihoshi.  
The detective had her face turned towards Ryoko, but she was still very much 
asleep.  For some reason, this turned on Ryoko's playful sexual urges, and she 
finally lifted up the front of her dress entirely, exposing her bald pubic mound 
to the unaware Mihoshi.  She gasped as she did so, exposing two delicate, pink 
vaginal lips that poked out of the healthy, smooth slit between her legs.  Small 
beads of moisture were beginning to form just on the edge of her lips.  Ryoko 
thrust her hand between her legs and grabbed her pussy.  Throwing her head back, 
she clamped her thighs tightly around her hand and let out a deep, gutteral moan 
that seemed more primal that human.**

	Just then, she heard one of the women on the television cry out, "Oh god, 
I'm coming, Kyoko!"  

	Kyoko?  Wow, that girl's name is really close to mine, she thought.  I bet 
Tenchi was watching this last night, just before he went upstairs...

	"Oh, Tenchi!  Oh my GOD, you beautiful boy!  You left this on just for 
little Ryoko, didn't you?  Dirty little boy...mmm, Ryoko's gonna punish you 
later," said to herself as she ferociously ground her hips against her hand.  
After a few moments, she looked up through half-lidded eyes at Mihoshi.  

	"Mmm, you really are a pretty one, Mihoshi.  I bet you'd just love to eat 
my little pussy, wouldn't you?  Yeah, you'd like that, I bet you would..."

	No response.  

	She pulled her hand out, and lifted her legs high up over her head, fully 
exposing her now glistening wet pussy slit.  Its pink lips had turned red, and 
now fully engorged with blood, had spread flat against her mound.  Her cherry-
red clitoris was now also fully unsheathed from its hood.  She placed her feet 
on the edge of the couch and scooted forward some.  Ryoko then reached down and 
unbelted the sash holding her dress closed.  She pulled the top of her now loose 
dress open to reveal her large breasts, once milky-white, but now tinged pink 
with her sexual flush.  This pink tinge spread all over her chest, up her neck 
and to her face.  Now fully exposed to anyone who happened by, Ryoko slid a 
finger into her mouth and moistened it.  She pulled it out, slid her hand back 
down her body, trailing her finger across her skin, and slowly inserted it into 
her moist sex.  She first teased the opening by running her finger along her 
tender lips, then in a surge of passion, drove her finger in up to the knuckle.  
Her body jerked violently, and she let out an amazingly loud scream of passion.

	"OHHH GOD, fuck me Tenchi!!"

	She knew it was too loud, but Ryoko didn't care.  She was in the mightiest 
throes of sexual passion, and no one would stop her from masturbating right 
there in the living room.  However, just after her scream subsided, she heard a 
cough coming from the couch.  Mihoshi was waking up.  Ryoko immediately halted 
in her efforts, stopping dead in her tracks, her finger still buried in her sex.  
Filthy thoughts flashed through her mind as she considered her possibilities.

	"Hmmm, so she can't sleep through *everything* after all.  What do I do?  
If she sees me, she's gonna freak out, and probably tell Tenchi.  But what do I 
care, she can't do anything to me.  Oooh, but I can't help thinking how warm she 
is...dirty little slut.  She even managed to seduce *me.*  Well, it's a little 
late to turn back now..."

	Ryoko pulled her finger out, and decided to keep her legs spread, and her 
dress open.  She wanted to see Mihoshi's reaction, even though something deep 
down inside told her it was wrong, she didn't care.  *She* was in charge, and 
Mihoshi would know it soon enough.  She shot a quick glance upstairs to see if 
Aeka was awake.  Seeing she wasn't, she smiled another guilty smile to herself 
as she saw Mihoshi open her eyes, looking right at her.  Ryoko began gently 
stroking her pussy lips, her expression quite similar to a cat after it had just 
eaten a bird.  It was this Mihoshi saw as she finally awoke.

	"Nnn...," Mihoshi streched out, not yet noticing Ryoko.  She then turned 
to her.  "Oh, there you are Ryo--"  Mihoshi stopped dead mid-sentence, and 
bolted upright.  She immediately pushed herself into the corner of the couch, 
drew her legs up to her chest, and stared speechless at the naked and sweaty 
Ryoko.  From her mouth came unintelligible sounds, as if she wanted to say 
something, but couldn't.  Her breathing picked up considerably, and her eyes 
went wide as she looked over the demon's body.  Just then, another huge bolt of 
lightning and thunder crashed across the house.

	"Well hi there, Mihoshi.  Good to see you're finally awake," Ryoko said, 
her voice calm, yet tinged with a certain sultriness.

	Mihoshi slowly raised her arm and pointed at Ryoko, her hand shaking.  Her 
eyes looked ready to pop out of her skull.  "Ry-ry-ry-ry-ry-wha-wha-wha," she 
stuttered, unable to continue.

	"What am I doing?  Ha ha, wouldn't you like to know?"  Ryoko's smile grew 
into an incredibly wide smirk.  She stood up slowly, and sauntered over to 
Mihoshi, hands on her hips.  Her dress, still open, alternately covered and 
uncovered her privacy as Ryoko's hips swayed towards her.  She reached out and 
grasped Mihoshi's outstretched hand and placed her index finger in her mouth.  
Mihoshi immediately pulled away, her sense finally returning.

	"Ryoko, what's going on?  What do you think you're doing?  You're only 
supposed to take off your clothes in the bathroom right before you take a bath, 
not in here.  And what is this on TV...we shouldn't be watching this channel!  
Mr. Masaki said so!"  She paused a moment to think.  "Wait a minute, you're 
being dirty, Ryoko, and I want you to stop it.  Please, Ryoko, Tenchi could come 
home at any time and see you like that," Mihoshi scolded, her brow furrowed in a 
mix of confusion, fright, and anger.

	The pirate leaned over until her face was inches away from Mihoshi's.  
"Maybe I want Tenchi to see me like this.  You ever think about that, huh?  
Maybe I want the man I love to see me in all my naked glory.  He's seen me like 
this before, so what difference does it make if he sees me here or in the bath?  
Besides, it's not like I don't have anything that you don't have.  Speaking of 
which..."  Ryoko, leaning ever closer, finally reached a point where Mihoshi 
could scoot back no more.  She planted a kiss squarely on the detective's lips, 
not deep, but a kiss nonetheless.

	"Did you like that, Mihoshi?"

	Mihoshi stared dumbfounded at her, again trying to speak but unable to.

	"That's okay, you don't have to answer.  Just listen, I've got to tell you 
a secret.  I didn't get undressed to take a shower.  I got undressed for you.  I 
don't know why, but I want to know what it is that Tenchi sees that's so 
attractive in you.  You're very cute, you know that?  Of course, I'm much cuter, 
but there must be *something* that Tenchi sees in you.  And you know what?  I'm 
going to find out what," Ryoko said in a disturbingly sultry voice.

	Mihoshi swallowed hard.  What is she going to do to me?  I bet she's going 
to hurt me, she thought.  She's going to kill me before anyone knows about it, 
and there I'll be, broken and battered on the couch, just one more cop killed in 
the line of duty!

	Without warning, Ryoko grabbed Mihoshi by her top, pushed her roughly down 
onto the couch, and climbed on top of her.  She again leaned in close, so close 
Mihoshi could feel her hot breath on her face.

	"Take off your clothes, now," Ryoko demanded.

	What?  This isn't what I expected her to say, Mihoshi thought.  
"No!...Why?"

	"Because I said so."

	Mihoshi turned her head away from Ryoko.  "But...but I'm not like that, 
Ryoko.  I'm sorry, I can't."

	Ryoko's expression turned from lust to one of concern.  She released 
Mihoshi's shirt.  "You...you look scared, Mihoshi.  Why?  Didn't you like the 
kiss?"

	"Well...mmmhm," she replied in a nearly inaudible mumble.  "But you scared 
me, Ryoko."

	"Well then, why aren't you trying to get up?"

	Mihoshi thought for a moment.  "Umm, because I...I didn't think of it?"

	"Then I bet you didn't think of this."  Ryoko moved her hand down to 
Mihoshi's breast and began kneading it and rubbing it through her top.  "Go 
ahead and stop me, Mihoshi."

	"Ohh, Ryoko...I'm your friend.  But we shouldn't be doing this.  It's 
wrong."

	Ryoko began massaging Mihoshi's other breast with her other hand.  She 
began rocking back and forth on her as she straddled her waist.  "Why?  What's 
wrong with two friends loving each other?  You're such a sweet and gentle thing, 
and I see why Tenchi loves you so much.  But I bet you still have alot to learn.  
And you know what?"  Ryoko reached down, grabbed the remote, and clicked off the 
television.  The living room grew quiet, except for the light patter of rain on 
the roof overhead.  "I'm going to teach you.  And, unlike Tenchi, I'm not going 
to let up until I leave you completely out of breath."

	"But...I look up to you, I trust you.  I think of you like a, 
unnh...sister, Ryoko."

	"Mmm, you sound like you're enjoying yourself already.  Hey, don't worry 
about it.  Ryoko's gonna treat you right.  And what better way to strengthen 
bonds of sisterhood than with a nice, sloooowwwww," Ryoko drew her finger around 
the outline of Mihoshi's nipple as she said this, "fuck?"  She emphasized this 
last word by playfully pinching Mihoshi's now erect nipple.

	"OWW!" She reached up and grabbed at her breast.  "Ryoko, stop that!  
Besides, you shouldn't be swearing like that.  It's rude."

	Ryoko leaned in again.  Her hair fell down over her eyes and brushed 
lightly against Mihoshi's face.  "What, fuck?  You don't want me to say 'fuck?'  
Is it dirty, is it rude?  You don't want me to *fuck* you, to *fuck* your warm 
body, to *fuck* your little *fucking* cunt so hard that you come all over me?  
Haha...it's just a word, Mihoshi.  Four...," she kissed Mihoshi's nipple, 
"little...," she kissed the other one, "letters."  Finally, Ryoko kissed her on 
the inside of her neck.  She could hear Mihoshi's breathing getting much heavier 
now, and her nipples were erect and hard as rocks.  It was time.  "Say it, 
Mihoshi, say you want to fuck me.  Do it.  Just say it and it's done."

	"Ohh, Ryoko...please..."

	"Say it."

	"I...I..."

	"Yesss?"

	"I...I want to fuck you, Ryoko!"  She clamped her hand over her mouth 
immediately.  "Ooh, did I just say that?"

	Ryoko grinned ear to ear.  "You sure did, kid.  I knew you could.  Come 
on, get that shirt off.  I want to see how big you are."  Ryoko climbed off of 
her and sat back on her haunches.

	"Ohh...okay.  If that's what you want."  She pushed herself up into a 
sitting position, gathered her legs under her, and slowly began unbuttoning her 
pajama top.  Mihoshi kept a solemn and almost dignified expression as she did 
so.  Reaching the last button, she slowly pulled it open, down and off her 
shoulders, and finally dropped it onto the floor.  What was presented before 
Ryoko were two of the largest, most perfectly round breasts she had ever seen.  
The detective's light brown nipples were particularly impressive, the areolae of 
each being almost three inches in diameter, practically engulfing the entire 
front of each of Mihoshi's breasts.  Her nipples, each the size of a pencil 
eraser, stood out proudly against her chest.

	"Wow!  Not bad, kid!  Those are even bigger than mine!  You've got some 
real nice tits...you make Aeka look positively flat-chested...which she is 
anyway.  But still...I never imagined you...say, you should show those off to 
Aeka some time, make her nice and jealous.  What do you think?" she asked while 
laughing to herself.

	Mihoshi blushed.  "Um, no, I don't think so.  I don't think I can be like 
you, Ryoko.  I don't think I can show off to anyone."

	"Oh, that's okay.  Still, it's such a waste to let such melons like yours 
go unnoticed.  Now let's see..." Ryoko crawled over to her and gently grabbed 
her shoulders.  "Lay down."  Mihoshi did as commanded, lying on her back and 
opening herself to Ryoko's touch.  Ryoko immediately dove into Mihoshi's ample 
cleavage, no longer able to hold back her intense passion.  She rode her tongue 
eagerly up and down her tender golden skin, further massaging her huge globes 
with her hands, squeezing them against her face and rubbing her sweat all over 
her.  Mihoshi began to moan, softly at first, then louder.  She reached up and 
grabbed Ryoko's head, running her fingers through her hair and curling it around 
her fingers.  Ryoko then moved back up to her nipples.  She alternated sucking 
on one for a few moments, then, trailing lines of drool, sucked eagerly on the 
next one.  The two ladies moaned in unison as their bodies rubbed up against 
each other.  Finally, after a few moments, Ryoko looked up at Mihoshi, who was 
panting heavily.***

	"How was that, Mihoshi?  You like that?"

	"Ohhh, you're so nice, Ryoko.  I love you so much, you're such a good 
friend.  You make me feel so good.  I've never felt this way, my heart's beating 
like crazy.  I want to love you some more, Ryoko, don't stop.  I don't want this 
feeling to ever end.  Please...fuck me some more.  I want you to, I really do," 
she said in a voice so sweet that Ryoko's heart fluttered when she heard it.

	"Mmm, all right, but you asked for it.  I'm gonna milk you for all you're 
worth.  And when I say 'milk,' I mean it."  With that, Ryoko wrapped her mouth 
fully around one of Mihoshi's wet nipples and began to suck again, this time 
more deeply.  Mihoshi could feel Ryoko lapping at it, ticking the super-
sensitive skin with her rough, raspy tongue.  Ryoko continued to suck, or more 
accurately, suckle at her breast, just like an infant.  They laid there for a 
few minutes, the only noise being a faint sucking sound, until Mihoshi spoke up.

	"Ah, you know what this feels like, Ryoko?  It feels just like that time 
little Taro was here...remember that, when he came over to visit?"

	Ryoko mumbled a positive response, her voice muffled by a mouthful of 
breast.

	"Well, ahh...when he was here, I took him into the baths with me.  We were 
having a nice bath together, but then Taro wanted to breast feed.  So I tried to 
keep him away, but he really wanted to, so I let him.  It felt so good, Ryoko, 
just like this.  It's like we connected or something, and ever since, I...AH!  I 
always wanted to feel that again."

	Ryoko pulled her mouth off of Mihoshi's breast.  Saliva was everywhere, 
mixed with opaque, off-white milk.  This substance was now running down her 
breast onto her chest.  "Huh, I wondered where Taro went for some of that day.  
I guess you took him with you.  Funny, I saw Tenchi headed to the baths at the 
same time..."

	Mihoshi pulled a shocked expression and blushed.  "Really?  You...you 
think he saw me?"

	"Eh, probably not.  You know how Tenchi is...I'm sure he would have 
freaked out and run away screaming if he saw you there."

	"Oh, Ryoko!  You have a milk mustache!"  Mihoshi pointed at her and 
chuckled to herself.  "That looks so funny on you!  You should be in one of 
those ads!"

	"What?"  Ryoko wiped her upper lip and looked at her hand.  "So I do.  
Wow, you're a regular milk factory." She licked her fingers.  "It tastes really 
sweet, too.  Much better than that crap Aeka buys.  I mean, we're in the market, 
and she's all like 'Oh, Ryoko, how can you drink that organic milk?  It has pus 
and nasty germs in it!  True pure beauties like myself will only drink 
pasteurized milk, with all the impurities removed!  But I guess that's to be 
expected from an impure wench like yourself!'  Ffft, whatever.  I still say 
organic's better."

	"That's so true, Ryoko!  In the acadamy, all of our officers told us to 
only eat and drink natural food, to keep our systems clean, and be more alert.  
They said chemicals and artificial ingredients made us tired and sluggish.  So 
that's what we did!  Looks like it worked, too!  Now I'm always awake and 
alert!" she finished cheerfully.

	A sweatdrop appeared on Ryoko.  "Uh, yeah, Mihoshi.  You're really the 
image of alertness."

	"Oh, thanks, Ryoko!  You're so kind for thinking that!  We Galaxy Police 
never let our guard down, you can bank on it!"

	Ryoko's eyes narrowed.  "Yeah, I had real fun outrunning the police back 
in the day...even if I *was* under control of that prick Kagato.  I wanted so 
bad to tear him a new asshole that I could taste it.  Every day was like hell; I 
knew exactly what I was doing...I just couldn't DO anything about it."

	"You mean that time when I almost got eaten by those snakes?"

	"Huh?  What do you mean by that?"

	"Oh, you don't remember, Ryoko?  When we went over to capture Kagato, I 
got lost and ended up wandering around for *hours* until I found myself in this 
strange room with a big crystal that had Miss Washu in it.  I didn't know who 
she was then, so I walked up to it to check it out.  But just as I got close to 
the crystal, two BIG snakes jumped up behind me and I..."

	Ryoko put her hand over Mihoshi's mouth, who continued to mumble, despite 
having her mouth held closed.  "Wait a minute...that was Washu's chamber, the 
reversed world.  So *that's* where I got transported to.  I was wondering how 
YOU got there, Mihoshi.  But somehow, what you said doesn't surprise me.  You'd 
get lost in your own shuttle if that damn robot of yours wasn't there to tell 
you where to go every five minutes."

	Mihoshi pulled Ryoko's hand away from her mouth.  "Now wait a minute 
Ryoko...!" she started to say.  Ryoko leaned down and kissed her again on the 
lips, which stopped Mihoshi in mid-sentence.

	"Just kidding," she whispered, smiling as she did so.  "You know I'm just 
fucking with you, don't you kid?"

	Mihoshi hesitated.  "Well, yeah...that's what we're lying here all naked 
for, right?"

	Ryoko smacked her forehead.  "No, no, different meaning...I mean I'm just 
kidding you, joking with you, pulling your leg...is any of this reaching you?"

	It was Mihoshi's turn.  She sat up and kissed Ryoko on the cheek.  "Just 
kidding," she whispered into her ear.

	"Oh, you silly girl..."  Ryoko breathed as she grabbed Mihoshi and began 
to tongue kiss her, sucking on her lips loudly.  Mihoshi returned the favor and 
latched onto the pirate, stroking her back eagerly and playing with her tongue 
which was fighting with hers for control of each other's mouth.

	In this frenzy of passionate french kissing, the two lovers didn't happen 
to hear the door under the stairs open behind them.  Washu, in her soundproof 
lab, had failed to hear the activity in the living room, and was caught 
completely unaware by the sight that presented itself to her when she stepped 
out for a snack.

	Washu stopped dead in her tracks when she saw what was taking place.  Her 
eyes went wide, her jaw dropped open, and she stood there in an awkward mid-
stride, staring at the most incongruous thing she had ever seen.

	"Oh KAMI, Mihoshi, cram your tongue down my throat!"

	Still she stared.

	"I love you so much, Ryoko!  Mmmph, eat my face!"

	Slowly, ever so slowly, a deep, perverted smile spread across Washu's 
face.  Feeling a burst of laughter coming on, she slowly backed up, opened her 
lab door, and stepped back inside.  Once inside, with the door shut, she let 
rip, laughing at the top of her lungs so loudly that it began to hurt her sides.

	"BWAhahahaahaahahahaaaHA!  Oh...oh, that's too much!  *snicker* I would 
have expected Ryoko and Tenchi, or Ryoko and herself...but THIS!  AHhahahaha!  
Oh, this...this is too MUCH!"

	Washu, in her fit of laughter, fell to the floor on her stomach, and began 
pounding it with her fist.  After a few moments, she quieted down and rolled 
over onto her back, her arms splayed out at her sides.  "Oh man, that's 
something else.  *sniff* I don't think I've ever seen anything so funny in my 
life.  Those poor deprived idiots...what will those girls think of next?"  Washu 
wiped the tears from her eyes, and her expression changed to one of motherly 
affection.  "Awww...my little Ryoko-chan is growing up.  I guess, as a mother, I 
have a responsibility to record her sexual activity."  She paused a moment and 
thought.  "Hmm...I could have *sworn* I've heard that line somewhere before.  Oh 
well.  Time to get my camera!"

	As Washu finished saying this, another grin creeped its way across her 
face.

****************************************************************

	"How is she?"

	"Not good, Commander.  We have her stabilized, but just barely.  
Lieutenant Miarra is still in critical condition, and her blood pressure is 
extremely low.  I...I don't know how much longer she can hold on," Doctor Naoko 
Yamato replied.  The lean, middle-aged Juraian woman waved a small, tubular 
scanner over Miarra, who was reclining on a medical bed that was half-recessed 
into the wall of the headquarters' sickbay.  The main sickbay was a warm, yet 
sterile-feeling room almost a football field in length, with no less than four 
dozen beds lining the walls, and lit all along its 20 foot ceiling with 
shockingly bright lights.  Near the center of the room, the doctor continued 
scanning over her midsection, and up her body to her chest.  The scanner 
immediately let out a loud beep as it passed over her heart.  She looked up at 
the false-color CAT scanner above the bed, a large monitor that occupied almost 
half of one of the walls, and pointed to an area of red next to her breastbone.

	"Now that *is* strange," she said.

	"What is, Doctor?"  Commander Shinbou said as he leaned over the doctor's 
shoulder to look at the readings on the scanner, knowing full well that he 
couldn't interpret them.

	"The toxin, whatever it is, has moved up into her chest, more specifically 
her heart.  I had just scanned her a few minutes before you came into sickbay, 
and the poison was still located in her stomach.  It seems to be moving quite 
quickly through her bloodstream.  If indeed it has progressed to her heart, she 
may only have a few hours left," Yamato said with a noticeable defeated air.

	Shinobu became visibly agitated.  "Isn't there anything you can do?  
There's GOT to be!  You're the best doctor we have onboard!  Think of 
something!"  He slammed his palms down onto the metal frame of the bed, rattling 
it.

	"Please, Commander!  I'm doing the best that I can!  We don't even KNOW 
what this poison is!  We've done a biopsy on her stomach contents, and run it 
through all of our biological AND chemical analyzers, and it doesn't even show 
up!  The only thing I've been able to do is detect it with a multi-phasic 
scanner, usually used for identifying phased cracks in the hulls of our shuttles 
caused by hyperspace stress.  It's like...it's like this damned thing doesn't 
even *exist* in normal space.  All of our standard antibiotics and supressants 
don't even work on her!  It's like she's not even sick!  *sigh*  I just don't 
get it."  Yamato backed up against the wall of the sickbay and folded her arms 
against her chest.  Shinobu walked over to her.

	"So...so are you saying that what's making her sick is something from 
another dimension?" he asked, confused.

	Naoko looked up thoughtfully.  "Sort of.  The scanner I'm using is showing 
this toxin as having properties of a spacecraft in hyperspace...that is, out of 
'normal' space, but not entirely in another dimension.  Hyperspace is, of 
course, a pocket of subspace that is formed by the warping of space-time.  So, 
in essence, Lieutenant Miarra is being made sick by something that exists in its 
own universe, like an entirely separate reality that cannot be penetrated by 
people in this reality.  Whoever made this poison is very crafty, and fully 
versed in the principles of relativity.  A very dangerous individual indeed."

	"So what do we do?"

	Doctor Yamato thought for a minute.  "We...we need to find someone who is 
versed in interdimensional physics.  Stuff that's way out of our field, even out 
of my field.  I've seen some weird illnesses in my days here at headquarters, 
but nothing even CLOSE to this."  She sighed dejectedly and shook her head.  "I 
just can't do anything for Miss Miarra until we know *exactly* what we're 
dealing with, and how to treat it."

	"Who do you have in mind?"

	"I...I don't know, Commander.  

	"w...wa..."  The two officers turned around as they heard a faint sound 
coming from the medical bed.  It was Miarra, trying to speak.  Shinobu rushed 
over to her and placed his hand in hers.

	"What is it, Miarra?  Tell me."

	"...Wa...Wash...Washu...contact...her..."  This was all Miarra could 
manage before she fell unconscious again.

	Naoko immediately brightened up.  "Of course!  Washu!  You've heard of 
her, right, Commander?"

	"Well, sure.  She's a friend of that Tenchi boy who destroyed Kagato, 
right?  I *did* read Detective Mihoshi's report on the matter, even before the 
Jurai High Council got hold of it.  She was very clear on her friendship with 
Miss Washu.  She states repeatedly that Washu is 'the greatest scientific genius 
in the universe.'  You graduated from the same school, right?  The Galaxy 
Science Acadamy?"

	Doctor Yamato chuckled a bit.  "Well, yes, but you ARE aware of her age, 
aren't you, Commander?"

	"Oh, that's right.  Mihoshi said something about her being over 20,000 
years old.  I assumed she exaggerated, until I read over how long she had been 
held captive.  If she was in stasis for 5,000 years, that would make her older 
than the Galaxy Police itself.  Tell me, do you know if that's true, Naoko?"

	"From what I heard at the Galaxy Science Acadamy, yes, she is.  There are 
records of her studying for over 3,000 years there.  Pfft, makes my 900 years of 
study look like child's play..."  She paused a moment, then her eyes went wide 
and she pounded her fist into her palm as she remembered something important.  
"Oh wait!  I heard Washu was abducted towards the end of her tenure as Director 
and hasn't been heard from since then!  How are we ever going to find her?"

	Shinobu reached out his hands to calm Naoko.  "Don't worry, Doctor.  Like 
I said, Miss Washu is now in the company of Tenchi Masaki.  And she's *also* in 
the company of Detective Mihoshi, who's been assigned to the Sol system.  So all 
we do is contact her and Washu should respond.  After all, how can the greatest 
scientific mind in the universe turn down an offer like this?"

	Naoko walked over to Commander Shinobu and put her hand on his shoulder.  
She smiled slightly and looked at him.  "Then I think it's high time we contact 
our Miss Washu and see if she actually can live up to that name."

TO BE CONTINUED...

**********************************************************************

*Author's note: I know that some/all of this sounds like complete BS.  I mostly 
pieced it together from various ML's and some sugar packets I found on the bus.  
Until OVA 3 proves me wrong, however, this is the best I can do.

**AN: I was on the verge of passing out from blood loss writing this part.  
*This is SO smutty!*  I had to stop half a dozen times to get a drink of water 
because I got so dizzy.  I had no idea I could write such sexy material, and I 
KNOW it's implying they're lesbians, so DON'T write me about it.  Is it hot in 
here, or is it just Ryoko-chan? ^_^

***AN: Should you find yourself losing more than a full pint of blood, contact 
your local hospital immediately, or simply dial 911 for immediate medical 
assistance.  Your health is important to us here at Nightweaver Productions.

End of Chapter Four

Please send comments to nightweaver@bigmailbox.net
Chapter Five coming in November 2001, with further ones to follow.  Flames and 
personal attacks will be ignored, LART'ed, or deleted.  White Knight of KOME 
since 2000.  Thank you, drive through.
