All "Tenchi Muyo" references are copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LD. This is an 
amateur, non-commercial story which is not produced, approved of, or in any way 
sponsored by the holders of the trademarks/copyrights from which this work is 
derived, nor is it intended to infringe on the rights of these holders. 

BREATHLESS
By Seto of Jurai (Setoofjurai@aol.com)


	It was just one of those things.
	Ryoko hadn't really decided to spend the afternoon up by the cave; it was 
just that Ayeka 
had been needling her about her chores, and Washu wanted to run some tests, and 
Mihoshi was 
watching something stupid on TV, and it was a nice warm day. So she'd fled the 
house, flying 
around for a while until she decided to visit her old stomping grounds for the 
hell of it.
	And Tenchi wasn't supposed to be up there, but some of the local teenagers 
had broken 
the lock again and had one of their wild parties inside, and they'd left empty 
bottles of beer and 
sake lying around, along with empty food containers and a number of used 
condoms. So Yosho 
had sent his grandson up to the cave, to clean the place up and put a new, 
stronger lock on the 
door before he left.
	Ryoko was still feeling good after her flight, so she offered to help him 
out. The bottles 
went in one bag, the trash in another. Tenchi blushed furiously whenever he came 
across a 
condom, and his embarrassment deepened when he had to explain what they were to 
her. Then it 
was Ryoko's turn to blush.
	So maybe it was the fact it was a lazy late spring afternoon, it was cool 
in the cave, and 
the fantasies brought on by the sight of all those condoms and what they 
represented. Or maybe it 
was just one of those things. 
	Ryoko had made many plays for Tenchi in the past, all coy, flirtatious 
invitations that 
went absolutely nowhere. For some odd reason, she decided to throw caution to 
the wind just this 
once, and so when she saw him standing by one of the back walls, she teleported 
over and before 
he could react she kissed him squarely on the lips.
	He hesitated a moment, shocked, and then to her considerable surprise 
returned it with 
interest. A lot of interest. She closed her eyes and drew him closer, not 
wanting this moment to 
end, but of course it did. These moments always did sooner or later.
	She wasn't expecting him to follow up by pulling her close and kissing her 
again. And 
again. And again.
	Somewhere in there, clothing got discarded. Flesh met flesh. Passion 
ignited. Bodies 
awoke. And before she knew quite what was happening, Tenchi had her up against 
the cave wall, 
pressing his body against hers in an unmistakable demand. His mouth moved 
hungrily against 
hers; his tongue slid against her teeth, seeking some way to plunge deeper. Her 
fingers slid 
through his hair, pulling his head closer to hers, while the other hand wrapped 
around his waist, 
giving him tacit approval to do what he wanted with her.
	Ryoko arched her back, letting her breasts swell and tempt him even more. 
Tenchi pulled 
away from the kiss and nuzzled her neck and earlobes, his warm breath coming out 
in puffs. She 
groaned and let her tongue just graze the edge of his own lobe, sending a shiver 
of delight down 
his body. Closing her eyes, she willed her body to levitate just enough so that 
she was in position 
for him.
	Oh, it was sweet and so intense. His erection rubbed up and down between 
her legs, 
driving her wild with desire and lust and yearning and hunger and a thousand 
other emotions she 
couldn't name. Ryoko dimly sensed how wet she was getting down there, bathing 
his cock with 
her warm juices and preparing the way for him to take her the way she wanted, 
the way he 
wanted. She felt his hands cup her ass, and in response she wrapped her legs 
around his lower 
torso to make things even easier.
	"Yes," she whispered. "Yes, please."
	And before she knew it, he was inside her, thrusting deep and slow, then 
retreating, then 
returning. Over and over it went, and Ryoko never wanted it to stop. "Tenchi," 
she gasped, 
clutching wildly at him and drawing him even closer. His mouth was descending 
down her skin, 
kissing, suckling, licking at whatever he could find until a firm pink nipple 
found its way between 
his lips. He suckled greedily at it, and without warning Ryoko climaxed 
violently, screaming as 
the most intense pleasure imaginable roared through her body and soul.
	Dazed and lost in ecstasy, Ryoko was dimly aware of her juices spraying 
his groin and 
thighs as she came. Tenchi didn't care; his thrusts continued, building in speed 
and depth as he 
grunted and sucked. His hands spread her cheeks apart slightly, and Ryoko 
instinctively moved 
her legs up slightly higher so that now Tenchi was thrusting forward into her 
instead of up and 
down. She was rewarded a minute later with a second orgasm that if anything was 
more intense 
than the first.
	"Tenchi" she gasped, eyes tightly closed. She gripped his head tightly 
with one hand, 
clutched wildly at his back with the other as she rode his frenzied pumping. She 
felt another 
orgasm building inside her, growing larger and more overwhelming by the second, 
but she 
couldn't stop it, didn't want to stop it, and now Tenchi was moving faster and 
faster, and a long, 
animal growl was sliding out of his mouth, and it was going to be good, so good, 
so very very 
good.
	Ryoko came first, but Tenchi followed a heartbeat later. She half-sensed 
his seed 
flooding the area inside her, warm and plentiful and wonderful. They gasped and 
moaned as their 
gyrations slowed to a halt, then together they more or less slid down the cave 
wall and lay 
entwined on the floor, exhausted and sated beyond measure.
	He fell asleep. Ryoko watched him for the longest time, happier than she'd 
ever thought 
possible. She savored the slow rise and fall of his chest, ran her fingers 
through his short black 
hair, and snuggled up close to share her warmth with his. She wanted this moment 
to stretch out 
into eternity; it took a great effort for her to finally break away and rise 
shakily to her feet. Ryoko 
summoned her clothing back on and regarded him one last time, burning the image 
in her 
memory, then with a long sigh walked quietly out of the cave and took to the 
air.
	She ended up on the roof of the house, and she stayed there until the sun 
had finally set. 
Ryoko sat there and remembered the afternoon, reliving every moment and savoring 
it with all 
her heart.
	Maybe it had been love. Maybe it had been lust. Maybe it had been both.
	Maybe it had been just one of those things.
	Ryoko didn't care. She'd take it, no matter what.
