Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo and all related characters are property of
Pioneer and AIC.  This story is also a lemon, so those who are under 18,
please leave now.  Thanks to Mr. E for the idea of a sequel to “Washu’s
Roses”.  I thought it would be a one-shot, but I guess not.  Anyway, here we
go.  Any correspondence can be sent to brainiac13@hotmail.com

Candlelight

                   I can’t believe what happened yesterday!!! I told the
woman I love how I feel, consummated that love with her, and had a sound
sleep that I thought I’d never receive.  This is too much for me to take in.
  Then again, once you get a taste of something you like……or love………
                   I arrived at the shrine to get my practice in with
Grandpa.  He knew something was not right with me.  The smile on my face
gave me away – FAST.  As we began, my mind flashed back to the previous
night.  Oh, what a night it was!!! The love that wrapped around me at that
moment made me warmer than any roaring fire ever could.  Then, as my
imagination wandered to all of the details of last night, WHAM!! I got
nailed with Grandpa’s overhead slash.  I winced in pain and rubbed my head,
being careful not to rub too hard.  He noticed my lack of concentration and
proceeded to grill me with questions.
                   “What’s wrong, Tenchi?”
                   “Nothing – just had something on my mind.”
                   “Let me guess.  Girl trouble?”
                   “Actually, quite the opposite.  I let my love know how I
feel, and then we, um, well……..”, blushing madly as I said so.
                   “Sealed the deal, so to speak?”, quirked Grandpa.
                   “Yes.” I said matter-of-factly.
                   “I know what that can do.  Listen, today should be a day
of rest.  Why don’t we cancel practice? We can catch up later, OK?”
                   Puzzled by this behavior, I simply nodded my approval and
headed home.  I didn’t think Grandpa would be so softhearted, especially
when it came to practice.  He’s so militaristic when it comes to this, but
when you get an opportunity like this, you take it.  Just like I’m going to
– right now.
                   The long walk home brought tranquility and peace to my
life – things I get when I am alone or with Washu.  I know being in love
with a mad scientist / goddess sounds weird, but it brings me a comfort I
don’t get with any of the others.  Granted, the others are attractive, but
with her, it’s different.  I see the innocence of her childlike state and
the intelligence of someone way beyond her years.  Her red hair is a plus,
too – OOH.  Seeing that fiery mane of hers always makes me smile.  The other
fiery mane – well, that’s for me to know.
                   Home, I thought to myself as I opened the door – slowly
due to past experiences with flying projectiles named Ryoko and Ayeka.  I
can’t get over how many times I’ve been nailed by one or both of them.  Put
it this way – I’m glad to be alive.  No wonder I lost hope with them a long
time ago.  They turn me off with that crap going on all day, every day, with
no end in sight.  I like them, but nothing more can be evolved from that.
Oh, the dilemnas of life, I guess.
                   “Hi, Tenchi.”, said Ryoko, seductively as always.
                   “Hello, Ryoko.  How is your day going?”
                   “Fine.  I know something you don’t know.”
                   “Oh?”, I said, curiosity taking over my voice.
                   “You’re in love, aren’t you? Admit it, you are.”
                   I forgot about their link!!!! God, how could I have
forgotten? I knew about it but didn’t remember.  That means she knows and
probably heard everything!!!! Damn, I didn’t want it this way, but I can’t
do anything about it now.  Talked about getting shafted……
                   “See, you are.  I knew it.  So, who is she?”
                   WHAT??? She wants to know? I must be dreaming.  God, wake
me up! Guess not.  I’m up already.
                   “Come on, you can tell me.  Do I have to drag it out of
you? How about I ‘jerk’ it out of you?”, she quipped, noting the keyword
‘jerk’ as her hands ran down my body and grabbed my crotch.  I felt her
fingers fiddle with it, and even though I love one person, this had an
effect on me.  One I wish my hormones had been better equipped to resist.  I
tried to run, or at least move, but considering my predicament, moving was
NOT an option.  I sweatdropped and tried to be evasive, but didn’t fair too
well.  Then it happened.
                   “Ryoko,”, I heard Washu say from her lab, “bring him with
you inside.  I got something for the both of you, as well as the answer to
your ‘question’.”
                   Whew.  Lifesaver in the house!!!!! Washu came to my
rescue, I thought, but then again, why invite Ryoko? I wasn’t worried for
some reason, although inviting Ryoko came as a shock to me.  Whatever
happens happens, I guess.  She has to know sooner or later.
                   We stepped inside the lab and I could not believe what I
saw.  The whole room was lit by what seemed like an infinite amount of
candles.  It wasn’t bright, but the light was everywhere.  It seemed to
stretch out for an eternity, yet the light was soft and inviting.
                   “Ryoko, I’m sure you’re wondering why you are here with
Tenchi and me.”
                   “The thought had crossed my mind.  What of it?”, asked
Ryoko, sarcastically as usual.
                   “The thing is…….I love Tenchi, and the love is
reciprocated, as well as consummated, if you know what I mean.”
                   “WWWWWHHHHHAAAAAATTTT? How could you???? After all that’s
happened to us – WHY?”, exclaimed Ryoko, anger and pain evident in her
voice.
                   “Because he loves me.  But, I noticed something else
about all of this.  He has strong feeling for you, too, though I’m unsure
about how strong they really are.  Don’t you, Tenchi?” That question stung
me like a bee.   I was stuck.  I had no words.  I know who I love, but I do
care about all of the other girls – Ryoko most of all.  I don’t love her
like I do Washu, but I care.  The dirty thoughts have crossed my mind lots
of times, but I knew nothing would come of it.  I knew that if I ‘wanted’
her, it would’ve been child’s play.  I wanted LOVE to motivate me, not sex.
                   The nights I spent thinking about how the sex could’ve
been were too numerous to mention.  If I think hard enough, Ryoko and I had
many wild escapades together – in my dreams, at least.  But what gets me is
why in the world did Washu put me on the spot? I had no idea why this was
happening, but I soon found out that the answers were coming – real soon.
                   “Tenchi, I love you very much, and I want you to finish
the job you said you would.  You love me, right? Then make it evident – to
the both of us, not just me.”, Washu said.
                   What? I’m lost.  I thought Death was knocking on my door
when Ryoko got the news.  She seemed angry, but something about her facial
expression had me worried.  She was grinning, and that grin had one thing on
its mind – ME.  I gulped and prepared for the worst.  Or would it be the
best?
                   “Ryoko,”, said Washu, “show Tenchi how you feel about
him.  Oh, I’ll know if you’re lying, too, so be careful.”  All I felt after
that were four hands caressing me.  I was really lost now.  To think, I’m
about to become the ‘meat’ in a very tasty ‘sandwich’.  Do you think I’m
going to object? Well, I was about to but got cut off by Washu’s soft lips
meeting mine, kissing me passionately and sucking on my bottom lip while
Ryoko’s hands were slowly undressing me.  I was so confused.  I thought
Ryoko was mad, and now this? Was it a front? Were they scheming the whole
time for this to happen?  Did Ryoko know all along and kept it quiet until
now? Too horny to care and too lost in the moment, I thought to myself, "The
hell with it.  I have my love with me, what else do I need?”
                   “You need this…..”, Ryoko said as she had my pants around
my ankles, followed shortly by my boxers.  Did she hear my thoughts just
now? She must have, but who cares?  I let her have her way with me, just
like my dreams have always allowed me to.  I felt her hands all over me,
then they removed my shirt and left me facing Washu as naked as the day I
was born.  I was still sucking face with Washu, which was wonderful, but I
could not get over Ryoko’s skillful hands going to work.
                   My tongue explored every part of Washu’s succulent mouth
as hers did the same in mine.  I was getting lost in the feelings I was
experiencing.  I had a beautiful woman frenching me and another getting
happy with her hands.  Is this bliss? YES, you idiot, I told myself.  I let
one hand caress Washu’s curvaceous rear while the other found Ryoko’s
crotch.  Ryoko’s hands abandoned me (DAMN) and undressed herself as Washu
did the same, all the while kissing me and not missing a beat.

                   Once we were all in our ‘birthday suits’, a king-size bed
appeared out of nowhere (typical Washu) and before you know it, we were all
lying down on it.  Washu stopped kissing me and got off the bed.  Ryoko,
being left out from the taste of my lips so far, took the opportunity at
hand and kissed me.  I kissed back, allowing myself to get washed over in
this arousing situation.  Our bodies got closer as our tongues went on
excursions of their own, intertwining with each other and elevating our
urges for each other to the brink of destruction.
                   That’s when it hit me.  Washu left.  She left me here
with Ryoko – alone.  I’m not entirely complaining, but the event left me
perplexed.  Is this what she wanted? Is she testing me? If she was testing
me, faithfulness would have an “F” beside it on my report card.  She knew we
were doing this, so why was I mixed up? I care too much for other people’s
feelings, that’s why.  That’s not a weakness, but it sure bugs the hell out
of me.  Fuck it, I told myself, and enjoy the moment, you big baby.
                   Washu came back and held a candle in her right hand,
smiling at the sight that was before her.  Her ‘daughter’ and her love,
sprawled out on a bed, acting like two star-crossed lovers aboard the cruise
of lust.
Ryoko gently pushed me down so I was lying chest-up, and as she did so,
moved out of the way, allowing Washu full access to me.  She whispered,
“Relax, and tell me how this feels.”
                   Upon saying this, she kneeled on the bed in front of me.
She allowed a puddle of wax to form and slowly began to pour some of it on
my chest, watching for my reaction.  I arched my back in pain as the first
few drops made contact with my exposed chest.  It hurt like hell, but the
pain was replaced with a small wave of pleasure shortly after.  I can’t
believe it hurt, but I can’t believe how good it felt afterwards.  Ryoko and
Washu smiled wickedly as they saw my reaction to this.  I shut my eyes and
ordered her to do it again.  She poured a little more, sending me into a
painful ecstasy I thought I’d never experienced.  Oh, wow, I thought to
myself as I felt my arousal become apparent when a screaming-for-attention
erection soon manifested itself.  Washu and Ryoko looked at it hungrily, and
as if on cue, Ryoko grabbed it first.  She placed the head in her mouth and
started a vacuum seal around it as the wax continued to flow like a river
all over my upper body.  Her mouth, the wax, the pleasure – all too much to
think about, and all too much to keep my composure about.  Washu smiled at
me as she continued to pour every puddle of hot wax she accumulated from the
candle onto me.
                   I couldn’t take it anymore! I instructed Washu to bring
her sweet-smelling pussy up to me so I can taste her delicious nectar.  She
obliged me as she spread her perfectly shaped legs over my head and I
attacked her soaking wet snatch like it was my last supper.  While my
dickhead was still getting the Hoover treatment from Ryoko, I was
tongue-lashing Washu’s cunt, listening for her moans and the soon-to-follow
screams.  She decided to change tactics and proceeded to share the wax with
Ryoko.  Her hands were trembling as she did so (wonder why, hmmm?), and
Ryoko moaned loudly, accidentally biting me in the process.  No blood was
drawn, but man, it hurt.  I saw Ryoko’s golden orbs look at me with concern,
but I assured her it was OK, so she decided to engulf my entire manhood in
one fell swoop of her mouth.  God, I love the way she says sorry.  I was
lost in a wave of hot wax, tasty pussy, and a blowjob -–how lucky can I get?
                   Washu’s cries soon came to be, and as quick as that
occurred, her dam was beginning to break.  I felt her juices trickling out,
and my end was soon coming, too.  I tried to warn Ryoko, but I was
preoccupied orally, so I was left speechless.  Washu’s legs started to
twitch, her voice got louder, her breathing got more rapid, and then……..she
came – HARD.  I felt a river of cum flow from her tunnel and into my
awaiting throat.  Her legs still twitched, aftershock taking over her figure
as she still came, sending more sticky fluid to my mouth.  I swallowed hard
and often, as I was tenacious enough to catch every single drop.  Ryoko was
about to do the same as I shut my eyes tightly and felt an orgasm of epic
proportions overcome me.  It felt like a gun going off as I shot globs and
globs of warm cum into Ryoko’s mouth and right down her throat.  She went
down on it completely, insuring my load had one path to travel down.  I had
to catch my breath, but it would be a fast recovery.
                   Ryoko, insatiable as always, looked at me and said,
“Damn, that was yummy.  You got any more?” I gave her a look that said,
“Didn’t I give you enough?”, but she smiled at me again.  Washu, on the
other hand, had other plans.  Before anything else went down, I asked,
                   “Washu, not that I’m complaining, but why? I don’t
understand.  I don’t get all of this.  I thought----“
                   “Come on, Tenchi,”, she started, then continued, “I know
about your dreams.  You’re only human.  Ryoko has been a sexual fantasy of
yours for as long as I’ve known you.  Why not have a dream come true every
now and then?  I got your love, and I know you’ll never hurt me, so I
thought, if it’s going to make you happy, why not? Plus, I figured, I would
really enjoy my ‘daughter’s’ company.”, smirking as she said so.  Ryoko gave
her a look and giggled.  All I could think of was how lucky I had gotten
today – metaphorically and literally.  “So, what’s next?”, I asked.  All I
saw were two faces smiling and waiting – for me.
                   I got up and instructed Washu to lie down and hand me the
candle.  Then I had Ryoko lie down beside her, both sets of beautiful
breasts facing the ceiling.  Both had no clue, but soon they will.  I held
the candle in my left hand and got on the bed, lying on my right side.  I
had Washu’s pussy right near my stiffening member and Ryoko’s right in front
of my face.  Oh, this’ll be fun, I thought as I had Washu’s legs straddled
over me and Ryoko’s right leg under my left arm.  I slowly entered Washu’s
wet cunt with my hard cock and pushed my tongue ever so slowly inside
Ryoko’s.  Both let out an ecstatic gasp as I entered them with various parts
of my anatomy.  Washu’s lips tightened up quickly as I moved in and out of
her, slowly at first, and then a little faster to keep her guessing,
alternating the speeds to relieve her of boredom.
                   Ryoko, however, got the worst of it as I nipped and
licked at her cunt and clit with the speed of a turtle and the calculation
of a genius.
Both girls were moaning and squirming at the dual pleasure they were
receiving from my dick and mouth.  Then I shocked them even further as I
poured a small amount of wax on both of their breasts, shimmering with a
good mix of sweat as I did so.  Their cries were an equal balance of lust
and pain as the feelings I had experienced moments earlier were being
reciprocated upon them.  They were squealing with delight and thrashing
around the bed as I fucked one silly and tongue-fucked the other with equal
ferocity.  Both women were in a stupefied daze and could do nothing but lay
back and enjoy the ride.  I heard both girls announcing their impending
orgasms, and as I felt Ryoko’s clit begin to hide from me, I chased it and
gave it a firm clamp with my lips, making sure its escape was futile.  Washu
was less troublesome as I agonized her with the slow-fast method, sending
her in a frenzy of excitement.  Both of them, legs already shaking, screamed
my name in beautiful unison as one steady stream of juice filled my mouth
and the other coated my manhood.  Seizing the moment, I poured hot wax over
both of them as their orgasms were taking hold.  What I saw next was
unbelievable.
                   I saw two heavenly bodies wiggle around and cry out as I
never have before the moment I started the wax job.  This had a prolonged
effect as their bodies still convulsed, their breathing became even more
sporadic, and their overall satisfaction hit its highest peak ever.
                   Once they calmed down, which seemed like an eternity to
me, I kept fucking the hell out of Washu and blew the candle out.  After
doing so, I drove two fingers inside Ryoko and finger-fucked her senseless.
She clamped down on my fingers and rocked her waist in sync with my
thrusting, all the while keeping my pace with Washu’s fully-tended to
snatch.   I felt Washu’s fingers diddle with her clit as she cried out for
me to stop moving.  As instructed, I stopped and allowed my shaft to serve
as a dildo for Washu, not skipping a beat with Ryoko.  Washu shook violently
as another orgasm thundered inside of her and gave an all-out release right
on my cock.  God, that’s hot, I thought to myself as I felt Ryoko’s lips
tighten around my fingers.  She pinched her nipples and cried out my name as
she, too, came all over me, coating my fingers with her sweet love juice.
                   Washu and Ryoko both wanted a timeout so they can catch
their breath, but I wasn’t having any part of it.  I got greedy, much to
their surprise, as I got on top of Washu and started driving in and out of
her – SLOWLY.  She knows that drives her nuts, and so did I, but I wanted
mine in the worst way and wanted her to suffer a lustful torture as I did
so.  Ryoko caught her breath finally and knelt next to me, watching me fuck
her ‘mom’ and whispering in my ear, “Do it, Tenchi.  Make her scream.  Make
her come.  Make me come.  Do it.  Fill her up with your big prick.”  She had
her index finger inside of her and her free hand massaged her tits back and
forth.  I took a hold of her and frenched her madly as I pounded into Washu
harder and faster.  She was only able to moan and grunt, and breathing
became increasingly difficult for her, much to my delight.
                   I felt her pussy tighten up on me, and that sent me over
the edge.  She came again, and as I felt her floodgates open once again, I
could hold back no longer.  I pulled out of her and covered her breasts with
a steady load of hot, sticky cum, groaning with every pulse of cum I shot
out.  She arched her back to make sure every plop met her firm body with
arousing precision.  Ryoko took the opportunity to clean her up, lapping
every section of Washu that had been covered with my semen.  What a sight to
see, I said in my mind as I watched two women go at it and enjoy the seed I
unleashed before them.
                   The bed was a mixture of wax, cum, and sweat.  The
exhaustion we all shared was worth it and heartfelt.  Washu shared herself
with someone else, someone who was family to her and to me.  She did it
because she knows my love will never die, never fail, never falter.  I am
hers no matter what happens.  I know she’s invading my mind right now, and
she’s replying with nothing but approval and acceptance.  Ryoko was fast
asleep, which gave Washu and I a moment to ourselves.  We cuddled up next to
each other and just stared.  No words were spoken, yet we spoke volumes.  I
knew she loved me as I loved her.  She told me in my mind that Ryoko would
be the only one she’d ever do this with, not because of what ran through my
mind, but because of what ran through hers.
                   She secretly wanted two things in her life to happen: 1)
to have a love all to herself, and 2) to know that no matter what happened,
it will have its own immortality.  I insured her of both without speaking a
word.
Oh, she did want one more thing.  She always wanted to have a threesome with
Ryoko!!! I laughed at that, knowing that the ‘Greatest Scientist in the
Universe’ could concoct some scheme to make that a reality.  I whispered to
her, “Aishiteru, Washu-chan.”, before sleep overtook us all.
                   Morning came too quickly for me as I got up and headed
out of the lab and into the kitchen.  I was HUNGRY as hell and was dying for
nourishment.  I walked in and noticed Sasami lighting a candle so the room
would smell pretty.  As I saw the match make contact with the wick, I caught
myself with the biggest smile I have ever worn……

-----------------FIN------------------

Roberto Rivera Jr.