Disclaimer: Don't own 'em, not making any cash. I hardily think I should be
though!!
Don't sue me :)

Tenchi, strolling the halls as was usual for him heard the fimiliar whistling
comming from Sasami. In the kitching as always she is!, he chuckles to
himself and walks into the kitchen. His eyes fall on Sasami, or atleast her
tail end as she was placing somehing in the oven, he sniffs... somthing
Ryo-oh-oki, it smelled of carrots. "Well hello Sasami!", Tenchi says in his
oh so normal voice.
Smack!, "Oooh," intones Sasami as she slowly falls backward onto her rear
after banging her head. "Sniff... sniffle...," her eyes cloud with tears and

she turns to look at Tenchi.

 Tenchi was already at her side though his arms coming around her, strong
even though he didn't much look like it, he holds her agianst him as she
begins to sob, he frowns with the serious, demanding expression her normally

wears on the occasions where he is called to fight. Needless to say it isn't

worn much! But, he get's the look on his face when he sees blood beginning
to
soak through Sasami's hair. He does the only thing he can think of, since
for
the moment all the others we with Washuu somewhere...atleast as far as he,
Sasami, and Ryoko could figure. They hadn't been see or heard from in days!
"Ryoko! I need your help... Sasami's hurt!"

 As always Ryoko was lurking, just far enough so that Tenchi wouldn't
notice... the downside was that she couldn't always hear everything that
went
on immediatly in the room with him. But she heard his yelling quickly and
was
stepping through the wall at his side. In his voice she heard it, this was
no
time for playing, she could be serious at times...not at many times, but
this
was one. Techi was just taking Sasami in his arms, lifting her from the
floor
as Ryoko made her 'appearance'.

"Ryoko! She's bleeding from her head... I don't know enough to help her,
what
should we do? I just don't--"

Ryoko took all this in by the time Tenchi was done speaking, well almost
finished. She cut him off, her words calm and authoritative. The respected,
commanding space pirate once more for the moment.

"Take her to her room Tenchi, i'll get's some bandages and hot water."

She bent to look at the wound it wasn't excessivly bad, but it was bleeding
heavily, she nodded and motioned for Tenchi to go before she went about
getting the water and bandages.

***************

בבבבבבבבJust as Tenchi nudges open Sasamis room door with his foot, Ryoko
was
lying the steaming water and bandages by the foot of Sasami's bed, he wasted

no time going over and lying Sasami ontop of her covers, his, her sobbing
had
faded and as he looked at her now it was plain to see that she was
unconcious. "Sasami..."
No answer. Ryoko looked over to the young girl and nodded, she was probably
in shock now, she spared a glance for Tenchi as she began to wash the
laceration, he was covered in her blood... But that was all the time she
spared for Tenchi at the moment, she spoke but more to her self as she
stopped washing and began the bandaging. "
It's deep... and she's lost blood but she may be alright, a mild case of
shock, yes, yes. Mild shock. She..."

Ryoko frowed in concentration as she finished the delacate if quick work of
finishing the bandages.
"Should...", she thumbs up Sasami's eyelids one at a time. Not dialated,
mild
shock.

"Fine..."

 Now her eyes go back to Tenchi and she smiles, all playfulness once more.
Tenchi sat with his legs folded under him his eyes locked in worry, but as
Ryoko talked through most of the work he felt better. Appreciating Ryoko
abit
more for the brief momment when someone else was more important to her than
he was.. for the moment anyway. He takes a look at himself and shudders, his

shirt was soaked with the blood of Sasami.

 "I'm filthy." בhe frowns over himself just abit before he looks back to
Sasami. "So she'll be alright. Won't she Ryoko?"

 "She will, Tenchi, just mild shock. Give her a day and she'll be her usual
cheerful self agian."

 "Good," he stands and starts for the door thinking to take a shower, but he

turns around once more. "Should I stay and watch her, maybe she'll get up..
and, and want something, maybe?"

Ryoko was shaking her head but still smiling slightly for his worry. He knew

how attached he was to all of them, it burned her inside. But not as much
with Sasami, after all she wasn't really a competetior for his affections.
Well in 'way' she wanted his affectiosn anyway.

"Calm down Tenchi, she won't be up for most of the next two days. When she
wakes she will be hungry, but until then she should be fine just lying
here."
She get's up and goes to stand by him at the door.

And he dosen't move away ar her proximity in the slightest, intresting
development. He usually always kept, 'some' space between them, but there
arms were touching and he didn't even move an inch.

Tenchi, only worried didn't notice that he had just come to see Ryoko in
another way. Nothing romatic, but not as an every hounding annoiance. So as
he started out the door after one last worried look at Sasami he didn't make

too much of it that Ryoko was with him headed for the bath.

"So what happened Tenchi? How did Sasami wound herself like that?"

"It was all my fualt, she was baking something. Oh I need to turn off the
stove before it burns!"

Ryoko took his arm in hand lightly and shakes her head, " i turned it off
before I came to her room tenchi."

"Oh, well then, thanks Ryoko. Anyway, she was baking and I inturrupted her
when she was bent over near the oven... it's all my fualt...", little trace
of the commanding Tenchi remain at the moment as he moan over what happened.

Ryoko sets an arm around his waist, and lo! Amazing! He dosen't even
complain about it. This was something but Ryoko, being Ryoko could hide her
feelings of suprise as she comforted him.

"No it isn't Tenchi... it was just an accident, and her head must have been
some other place then."

He nods somberly as they reach the door to the bathtub. "Your probably right

Ryoko, thank you." He opens the door and notices for the first time that she

has a good helping of blood over her also, he pauses for a moment and looks
into the bathroom. "Ryoko you may as well have a bath with me, no need in
you
being covered in blood when you don't have to."

Now that almost made her stagger, altough Tenchi didn't see the path to what

she was seeing none-the-less for him to give her this opening into heart, or

atleast his bed.. was something. But she stayed on her feet and smiled at
him
as he waited for her to pass before him, she went right over to the tub and
turned the spiggots to run hot water with alittle cold.

Tenchi in the mean while was stripping himself of his shirt with disgust, so

much of her blood... he just tosses it in the trash and turn to see Ryoko
pulling the buttons to her dress, it seemed she might have been having some
trouble with the buttons, and with Tenchi being Tenchi... always helpful.
"Let me help you Ryoko."

It worked, he must have dropped all his
self-imposed-seduction-prevention-methods. She turns her back on him and
mummurs somethin galong the lines of 'thank you Tenchi' he quickly flips the

buttons loose, his hand passing over her smooth thighs. Just by chance. His
hands lingers though, she really was georgous... and up until now Tenchi had

hardly see her show any depth beyone obession with him. But the way she had
just been with Sasami... maybe he was wrong about her, if not about Aeka and

Washuu. So it was that his hand became alittle more helpful, until she
looked
him straight in the eyes. Not a thing on.

He swallows and for the first time feels how excited he is by the look of
her, his eyes roam down her and linger at the middle of her body.

She can feel his doubt, but also excitment it was plan to see by the
standing erection in his pants. But she had to act. And never had her timing

been so perfect, his resolve to resist was just comming back when she kisses

him, hard, her tongue shifting and plunging past his lips. Lathing over his
before it slow began to respond, along with the rest of him. Him arm wrap
around her and pull her tight to him. He was too caught up to resist now...
besides he didn't want to anymore. His mouth leaves hers and drifts down to
soft clevage, his mouth and tongue dance across her nipples, teasing them
taut before his mouth finds hers agian.

Her head falls backward, she had always known she would win out over the
rest. Her feelings for him were actually genuine. Washuu and Aeko. They just

wanted him because she did. Atleast that was what she believed... it didn't
matter now as she whispered his name, or half of it before his lips caught
onto hers agian. They kisses for another long moment before her lips left
his. And she began trailing kisses down his checst, intent to pleasure him,
and thus herself. Soon she was pulling down his pant and white briefs he
wore. Skilled. That was Tenchi's only thought, a vague one at that. As her
mouth devoured then lenght and breath of him. His eyes flutter upward and he

wonders when he came to sit upon the edge of the tub? It didn't matter, he
groaned softly and rested his palms on the back of her head urging her on...

and on.
When her mouth finally left him Tenchi hand only one thought. And wasted no
time in getting what he wanted, he took her wrist and drew her into the
water
with him. his hands exploring her, inside and out intermiddenly before her
hanfinally rest on the porcelien wall before her and he rests his hands on
her hips. She once more mummurs something. Maybe I love you...perhaps just
'hurry, fuck me.' More likely the first than the second, but for all that
Tenchi noticed it didn't matter. He Savored the thought of what he was about

to do for a moment...two...and then he was inside her, his modest lenght
invading the warm crevace between her legs, over and over. Holding tight
when
her mussles were clenched. And tighter when they went. Soon both of them
were
running with water, from sweat and the churning bathtub.
He moans out her name and she call out his in a full throated yowl of the
supremem extacy you could only get when wanting someone for years upon years

and they both felt their climaxed run the guantlet from over powering to a
soft throbbing into the pit of their stomachs.

***********

בבבבבבבבRight on time, Ryoko really was rather accurate. Two days later,
give or take an hour after the incident occured Sasami awoke grogily to the
strangest sight. Tenchi with his arms around Ryoko! Sasami sniffed and
smelled something awful, Techi and Ryoko's cooking, it must be ture...she
wouldn't dream up a smell this bad. So it was that she sat up. And Tenchi
grinned at her, not seeming the same boy-man, he had... when did she pass
out
anyway?

"Welcome back to the living Sasami! Are you alright?", said Tenchi.

"Well about time you got up Sasami, I was almost beginning to worry!", that
from

Ryoko, it sounded genuine... she must have spelled Tenchi. That must be it,
it's a trick... or maybe, maybe... Sasami laid her head back down and closed

her eyes. Her mind running over possibilities until a second later when
Ryoko
and Tenchi were bombarding her with questions about what was wrong she
opened
her eyes agian.

"Exactly how long ago did I pass out?!"

Tenchi blinked, his hand somehow had found Ryoko's while her eyes had been
closed.Ryoko tilted her head, hand and hand with Tenchi, like it was the
most
natural thing in the world!

"Just two days...", said Tenchi.

Once more she laid back down and shut her eyes. "I'm not opening my eyes for

another two days!", she said in a huffy tone. "Things better be the same
then!"

Please tell me what you thought of my fic.No flames please this is my first.
