Tenchi Muyo! And all of the characters in this fan

fiction is owned by AIC and Pioneer.  I own nothing,

except for the story.  Please, don't sue me!

 

Warning:  If you are underage, do NOT read this fic! 

 

 

Carrots Carrots Carrots

                                                               

            "Hmm.what will I do?"  Sasami asked herself.  She had finished 
breakfast a lot earlier than she expected.  She was getting bored and impatient. 
"I guess
I'll have a snack."  She said.  While she was looking though the cupboard a 
couple magazines fell out.  "Oh no I better clean this up."  She said as she 
picked up a
magazine.  "Oh!"  She shouted, looking at a porn magazine.

            By this time she was bored enough to do anything, so she started 
flipping through the pages.  She noticed that some women were pleasuring 
themselves with
food.

            Then she noticed that she had some extra carrots.  So she picked it 
up and started sucking on it.  This was getting her horny, she started thinking 
of Tenchi,
and she had seen his cock before when she saw Washu's video camera screens.  
They had been placed in secret and she kept them a secret for her own reasons. 
And since she had often watched them she knew what to do, with her body and 
others.

            Sasami then remembered that Washu was recording all of this.  She 
threw a towel on the camera making it look like an accident.  She then continued
sucking on the carrot.  

            By this time she was getting really horny.  She could feel her 
panties getting wet, so she started rubbing herself.  She kept sucking and 
rubbing.  She was
about to have an orgasm when she stopped sucking, she slid her panties off and 
penetrated her pussy.  Then she took the carrot and started pushing it in and 
out,
harder and faster.

            Ryo-ohki had been awakened by moaning coming from the kitchen, so 
she went to investigate.  When she got there she was delighted by what she saw, 
she
could see a carrot appearing and disappearing, and she heard Sasami moaning and 
saying "Oh yes! Oh yes!"  So Ryo-ohki ran towards the carrot and bit it.  She
missed and got Sasami's Finger.

            "Ouch"  Sasami yelled in pain.  Then she noticed what Ryo-ohki 
wanted.  "Oh I see, you want the carrots."  She got up and cut up a carrot in 
small pieces. 
She then sat down on the floor and gave a small piece to Ryo-ohki.  Then she 
stuck the others in her pussy, sticking each one farther and farther back until 
all of the
carrot pieces were inside her.  "Come on come and get them Ryo-ohki, you naughty 
girl."

            Ryo-ohki had already tasted a carrot covered with Sasami's pussy 
juices.  And she loved it and wanted more.  So she dove right between Sasami's 
legs,
and she then reached in and grabbed one.

            "Oh Ryo-ohki you are cheating, from now on you can only use your 
mouth to get them.  Like bobbing for apples!  It will be fun!"  She said.  So 
Ryo-ohki
tried it, he couldn't get his head all the way in, Sasami was too tight.  Then 
Ryo-ohki just stuck her paw in and out until she had about five carrot pieces.  
"Oh I see,
you can't get your head fully in."  Sasami said as she spread her legs wider and 
pulled open her pussy lips.

            "Ok try again now, and remember no paws."  Said Sasami.  Ryo-ohki 
then dived in and started biting and eating the carrots.  "Oh Ryo-ohki!  More! 
More!"  Sasami screamed in pleasure.  By this time Ryo-ohki had already eaten 
all of the carrots and was now just licking her pussy.  They both tasted the 
same by
this time. 

            Sasami was just about to orgasm when she heard:  "Sasami what are 
you doing?"  Ayeka had screamed it.  "I wake up to screaming and moaning so I 
come
down stairs and you are.are.strutting your naked body for the whole world to 
see!  And.and."

            "Having a whole tone of fun."  Ryoko interrupted.  "I'll have to try 
that sometime"

            "What!?"  Ayeka screamed.

            "What, your telling me that doesn't look like fun."

            Sasami had been paying attention to both Ryo-ohki and her sister at 
the same time, when Ryo-ohki bit her love button, causing Sasami to have the 
biggest
orgasm of her life.  She had masturbated quite a lot since she first found out 
about Washu's cameras.

            "What is going on here"  Tenchi asked.



Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com


