Cats Dinner - Part IV : "Black Mesa"



Important : All characters of the Tenchi Muyo cast are copyrighted by 
Pioneer and AIC. Black Mesa and the characters of Half-Life are owned by 
Valve Entertainment. I don't own them and I don't want to make money 
from them, so please be gentle. If you have a problem write me and I'll 
stop writing these and take them off-line.

Okay, okay. Here it is again. Part IV of "Cats Dinner". Actually, I've 
decided to write six parts of this story. Parts V to VI will be a huge 
battle, so just keep reading.

Warning. This story contain scenes that are NOT suitable for persons 
under 18 years old. Yes this story has LEMON content and sometimes there 
will be some rougher scenes too and YAOI. If you read this story 
although ... I warned you.

Here is a little recap. Tenchi is beginning his new life as a servant 
for Black Mesa Inc., while his family is getting ready for a run on 
Black Mesa.

And here we go.

***

Part IV : "Black Mesa"

****

	The small plane with Tenchi and Anaya in it had finally landed 
on the Black Mesa airport. Tenchi was unsure what to do next, but 
Freeman led him to a small office, where he had to fill out the paper 
stuff like: age, sex and so on. It took him over an hour to pass all 
security test and Freeman told him that one test is still missing.

"Which one?" asked Tenchi tiredly.

"Well tomorrow we'll check your health and take a semen sample from you, 
nothing unusual." Freeman smiled to him. "Plus it'll be the first time 
on the hazard course for you tomorrow. This course is a must-be for 
everyone who works here. There you'll receive your own HEV suit and some 
item you'll need here."

"Sounds like a long day." Tenchi yawned and followed Freeman out of the 
office and down to the quarters.

"Not that long. You'll make it somehow." Freeman smiled." Your class 
starts next Monday, so don't be late."

	They talked along for some time, while they took the railway 
deeper into black mesa. Tecnhi and Anaya had their own flat, so Freeman 
waved goodbye to him, as they reached Freeman's flat. Tenchi shook 
Freeman's hand once more and went over to Anaya. Freeman smiled after 
Tenchi left. "Just like me, when I was that young." he said quietly." 
Just like me."

***

	Anaya was already asleep, when Tenchi entered the room. She was 
resting on a small bed in the middle of the room. Tenchi pulled off his 
clothes and shruged his shoulders, as he saw his luggage already 
delivered into the small flat. He laid down beside Anaya and took a look 
at the small trideo display that was located at his side. It showed the 
whole Black Mesa complex and, as Tenchi looked at it, he found out that 
it was used as a communicator also. He curled around Anaya and quickly 
fell asleep. The day had been long and he really needed the rest.

***

	When the alarm clock woke Tenchi up at eight o'clock in the 
morningm, he first took a quick look around the flat, just to make sure 
that nothing was a dream. Then he got ready for work and pulled on the 
same clothing he had worn the days before. "I must get new ones." Tenchi 
reminded himself. Anaya was still asleep and snored, so he decided to 
let her sleep and make breakfast for her. He only ate a banana and was 
still chewing, when the Trid said in a robot-like voice "incoming call." 
Tenchi pushed the receive button and Freeman's face appeared.

"Ah, I'm glad that you're awake. The doctor is waiting for you. I'll 
guide you to him,so wait for me." Freeman said to Tenchi and smiled. 
"Don't worry. It won't be that bad."

"I hope so," Tenchi nodded. He hated doctors and visitng them, but if he 
had to do it here, fine. Later, Freeman gide him to a small lab where a 
young foxgirl was waiting. Tenchi looked at the girl, but she just 
smiled.

"Hi I'm Rosalie. Well, you must be Tenchi." Tenchi nodded back. "Fine, 
come in and we can begin the checkup." the Foxgirl smiled and her tail 
waved happily from one side to another.

Tenchi was unsure what to do next and so he stood only and watched the 
Foxgirl. "It's okay." Freeman said to him. "She'll be your doctor as 
long as you are here."

"Wait a second. SHE is the doc?" Tenchi nervously replied. "Yes, she is 
and she's a good one, so just relax." Freeman smiled again and left for 
his work, while Rosalie took Tenchi's hand and pulled him. He followed 
her and, somehow, he couldn't loose the feeling that this would be 
interesting. Inside of the room a young male Skunkmorph was sitting 
behind a desk writing some reports. He looked up and smiled at Tenchi, 
which returned the smile shyly.

"Please, take off your clothes." Rosalie said to Tenchi, witch stood 
straight and was unsure what to do next. He slowly followed her orders 
and the skunkmorph just watched him strip. Rosalie checked Tenchi 
carefully and the Morph still watched every movement with a smile. 
"You're great for someone who just changed." Rosalie smiled at him. 
"Okay, just hold still. This won't hurt."

Tenchi hated the sentence and was about to scream, when he heard a quiet 
"Click" and something was pulled around his neck. It was a black leather 
collar, with the Zeta sing on the front. He tried to pull it off, but it 
was useless.

"We can locate you from everywhere now." Rosalie told him. "It's just to 
make sure that you are well when you work here. Welcome to the 
Zetalabs."

"Zetalabs." Tenchi wondered.

"Zeta is an anthonym for 'zoophile'." the snuknmorph said and stood up. 
Tenchi now saw that he wore nothing except the collar. His maleness 
quickly leaving its shaft. Tenchi gulped and tried to leave, but Rosalie 
easily wrapped some chains around his ankles and forced him to lay down, 
but he didn't touch the floor. He was nearly flying and only the four 
hard chains on his ankles prevented him from falling down. Someone put a 
blindfold over his eyes and Tenchi began to protet. "Wait. I'm already 
married."

"Well, Anaya will understand. We Zetas are not that shy and we take good 
care of each other in every way." Rosale said. "Well, I forgot to 
introduce you to Rick, my assistant here."

"Nice assistant. What will be next?" Tenchi said a bit angry and pulled 
on his bonds, only to find out that they're too tight and he can't move. 
Something wet and sticky was near his mouth. It was so close that he 
could smell the doctor's love juices.

"Well here we go." Tenchi said, while bracing himself for impact. "I 
have no chance to resist, right?"

"Nope." said Rosalie and shut his mouth with her hot cunt. "Now lick."

	Tenchi followed her orders and licked her as good as he could. 
Someone touched his butt and move its paws over it, while Tenchi licked 
Rosalie, which was moaning loudly. He shuddered, but the someone didn't 
notice it. Then Tenchi could feel something hard enter his tailhole 
slowly and he tried to push away, but the someone held Tenchi tight and 
went furhter in. Tenchi almost screamed, as the new feeling rushed over 
his body. At first it hurt a bit, but then it quickly felt very good.

	The couple continued for a while, then Roslaie came on top of 
Tenchi with a loud moan and he swallowed her juices, while his ass was 
filled at the same time with hot skunkcum. Rick began to suckle slowly 
and carefully on Tenchi's penis and Tenchi quickly reached his climax 
too, spraying his semen into Rick's face. Tenchi could only imagine this 
scene, beacuse he was still blindfolded, but he smiled, while he arched 
his back in orgasm. Then he could feel Rosalie and Rick sucking further 
on his shaft, milking it to the last drop and making it hard again.

	"Well, now it's time for the sample." Rosalie said and rode 
Tenchi hardly, while Tenchi suckled on Rick's hard penis, tasting the 
cum of his lover and enjoying it. Finally the three reached another 
climax at the same time. Tenchi filled Rosalie's cunt with his seed and 
tried to lick every drop of Rick's semen. Rosalie kissed Tenchi deeply 
and laid down onto of him. When he was released and his blindfold was 
taken off, Tenchi kissed Rosalie deeply back and smiled at her. Rick, in 
the meantime, brought Tenchi's new HEV suit. It was coloured like the 
one Freeman always wore, but it was build with some differences. 
Tenchi's suit had better shields and some self-regenerating-Kevlar 
attached to it and it had some weapons like the RPG (Ed's note. RPG 
stands for Rocket Prolpelled Grenade. Normaly used as an anti-armor 
weapon, but used properly, it's devastating to infantery.) build in. A 
shaft for the Tenchi-Ken was also included. On the chest it had the 
well-known greek letter Zeta engraved.
 
	"This is the HEV-suit Mark IV Bloodsports. Harder and stronger 
than all known models and with some nice weapons like a submachine gun 
and a personal PPC (Ed's note. PPC stands fot Particle Projection 
Cannon. Also an anti-armor weapon. Faster fire rate and, also, powerfull 
in infantery.) When you put it on, you'll see that it quickly becomes 
one with you. Plus it boosts your strenght, speed, agility and 
dexterity. Lay it on and you'll feel the power." Rosalie exclaimed to a 
rather surpriced Tenchi and quickly had put the suit on. He felt his 
mind and his body becoming one with the suit. A small helmet formed 
around Tenchi's head to shield him. A long red cape formed behind Tenchi 
and waved in an imaginary wind.

"This is your shield for extreme situations." Rosalie explained further. 
"Normally, you have the Kevlar and the energy fields to shield you, but 
if, for example, you fall this cape will absorb your fall. Have fun with 
it. And, before I forget, mind if we show up at your flat tonight?"
 
Tenchi smiled." No problem. I hope Anaya will not be angry."

"She won't be angry. She is always a good-heart." Rick said and guided 
Tenchi in his HEV suit to the door. They waved goodbyes and Freeman 
picked Tenchi up and couldn't do more than smile when he saw the suit.

"You are lucky. I have waited years for one like you have and you got it 
free. Take good care of it." Freeman smiled as they took the train to 
the harzard course.

"Thanks." Tenchi smiled and sat down, relaxing a bit.

***
Meanwhile at the Masaki residence.
***

Washu and the others had gathered around the dinning table, discussing 
how they will get Tenchi back.

"As I said before. An attack is not needed." Wasyu said loudly. "Tenchi 
is safe there."

"I want him and I will get him." Ayeka said angrily to Wasyu.

"I want him too." yelled Ryoko and formed again one of her chi-swords.

"Well, then it is settled." Washu said angrily. "We'll attack Black Mesa 
in the morning."

"Yes." said Funaho. "I hate to do this, but its has to be."

"You still can turn around." said Washu.

"No thanks." yelled Ryoko and lifted her right hand up. Washu looked 
everybody deep into their eyes to see if they were tallking the truth.

"Then, it's settled. We'll bomb Black Mesa." Washu said and stood up. 
"We will begin tomorrow morning. Any questions?" Washu hoped to change 
their minds, but she knew that the battle is inevitable.

****
End of part IV. Next part : "Bloody Days I - Into the battle"
****

Writed by Matthew "Neko" Struck. "NekoTamamichi@gmx.net"
Edited by The Darktrooper. "the_darktrooper@hotmail.com"

