Cats Dinner - Part V : "Bloody Days I - Into the battle"



Important : All characters of the Tenchi Muyo cast are copyrighted by 
Pioneer and AIC. Black Mesa and the characters of Half-Life are owned by 
Valve Entertainment. I don't own them and I don't want to make money 
from them, so please be gentle. If you have a problem write me and I'll 
stop writing these and take them off-line.

Warning. This story contain scenes that are NOT suitable for persons 
under 18 years old. Yes, this story has LEMON content and sometimes 
there will be some strong scenes too and YAOI. If you read this story 
although ... I warned you.

Once again thanks to The Darktrooper for prereading very fast and once 
again the message to all writers : He does very good + fat preareading, 
so don't hesitat and write him. ("the_darktrooper@hotmail.com")

Here is a little recap. Tenchi explores his magical abilities given to 
him by Tsunami. The next mornign starts with a loud boom and an 
beginning assault of Black Mesa. This part ends with a cliffhanger, but 
read the story to find out.

And here we go once more for the fifth time.

***

Part V : "Bloody Days I - Into the battle"

****

When Tenchi returned home, Anaya was already waiting for him. She handed 
him a huge book that was covered in leather. On the front of the book 
were the same marks as on Tenchis head.
 
"A young woman has given me this for you. She said she knows you well." 
Anaya said and chuckled, while Tenchi looked the book. He could feel 
Tsunami's spirit inside of it and smiled.

"Was she called Tsunami?" Tenchi asked Anaya and she nodded. "It's okay. 
I'm her champion in defending the world." Tenchi continued quickly. "I 
wonder what this book is all about."

"It's a spellbook." Anaya said. "And only you can read the writings. 
That's what she said to me."

"I'll give it a try." Tenchi said and opened the book while Anaya went 
to the kitchen and made dinner. He still wore his HEV and it stll felt 
new, even after the hard training on the course. Freeman was good and he 
had given Tenchi a hard training. Tenchi quickly found out that this 
suit even had a small box for his sword, instead of the crowbar. Then he 
began to read the book carefully.

"There are two types of overnatural power." he read. "Magic and 
Psyonics. While a magican only borrows power from the world, a psyionic 
is the power generator itself and can use his powers even on a low-yield 
planet. Adding to the fact, that humans can't really use magic for 
itself, Psyionic seems to be very useful. But a magican can increase the 
power of one of his spells faster to make more damage."

	He continued reading until Rosalie and Rick showed up. They 
greeted each other with hugs and licked their muzzles. Tenchi was still 
a bit shy, so he blsuhed when he did it, but they only smiled at him and 
gave him time to get used to this. Then they began to talk about trivial 
things, the weather, what Tenchi did before he came here and so on. 
After dinner they continued to talk until someone had the idea to play 
something interesting and everybody agreed. Anaya fetched some cards and 
smiled at Rose and Rick. "We're not going to play strip poker?" She said 
to them, but Rosalie smilrked. "Well, we haven't played it for a long 
time so why not."

"Because I'm not in the mood to do something ike this." Anaya said and 
sat down. "Plus I'm pregnant."

"Ah come on." Rose said, while Tenchi blushed and hid in his chair.

"Okay." Anaya finally said and sat back. "but no tricks."

"Owwwkay," Rosalie grinned and her tail twitched from side to side in 
excitement.

They played for some time and Tenchi was the first one, who had lost all 
his clothes. He pulled off his pants and was forced to kneel down in 
front of Anaya.

"Well, well, well. What should I do with you?" Anaya smiled widely. "Ah, 
I know." She tied him to his chair facing her, and gave him a headjob as 
good as she could. Tenchi moaned and whimpered, but she continued. Then 
he came and Anaya coughed loudly, while she gulped his semen down. Then 
she returned top the game and let him just watch. Next one was Rose. 
Anaya tied her next to Tenchi and cupped her breasts with one of her 
paws, while the other paw stroked her clit carefully. Rose nearly dried 
out when her climax hit her hardly and pulled on her bonds, but she 
wasn't released. Then Rick stood up too and grabbed Tenchi by his hands, 
while Anaya grabbed Rose by her neck. Rose and Tenchi got tied together. 
Tenchi lied on the table and Rose was forced to kneel down on Tenchis 
hard maleness.

"Time to payback what you did." Anaya smiled and went off with Rick into 
the guestroom, while Tenchis hard manhood was depply plunged into Rose's 
hot and wet venus. He tried to move a bit, but the bonds were too tight. 
They couldn't move even a single bit and that was what made them even 
more horny. When they heard Anaya and Rick scream in pleasure and joy, 
they tried to move again, but the only thing they reached was that their 
ankles soon got bloody. After a while the heat, and the smell of their 
pheromones was at that point, where every touch, every single inch of 
movement send lines and bolts of energy through their bodies. Tenchi 
only moved a millimeter, but it was enough for Rose to scream in 
plesure. He continued the movement and soon they collapsed together in a 
long and hard climax, almost screaming into the night that had fallen 
over the Black Mesa complex. Soon after that they threw some kisses and 
fell asleep.

***

	It was nearly five o'clock in the morning at the Black Mesa 
airport and the G-man had just arrived at Black Mesa. The first 
scientists from the dayshift were arriving, while the nightshift would 
end in a few minutes. He looked at them passing and wished that he'd 
become one of them too instead of taking on a leading role in the Black 
Mesa Corporation. His job was boring and the "accident" that had 
happened here a few years ago had been some sort of fun out of his 
boring daywork. The accident. His mind remembered those days. It has 
been a hard time and many have had died, but Black Mesa finally had 
risen from the ashes after that. The poor soldiers that fought here were 
all dead or sealed away to keep the secrets of this corporation alive. 
He'd never heard anything from them again. Still he had bad dreams from 
that time where he fights for his life and tries to survive, always 
trying to keep the "Bad-man" shape alive, but after it was over he had 
given it up. He was now the senior chief of Black Mesa and it was still 
a boring job, but his employees were happy to work here, because Black 
Mesa really took care of anything. He was not the man who tried to seal 
everything from his people, he told them what they had to know and that 
was okay.
 
	He was still thinking about that, when he heard something hissing 
and turned around. Over the airport there was a huge spaceship floating 
in mid-air. Some of the scientist and the security looked amazed at the 
sky only to begin running away. G-man himself just looked at it in 
shock. What was that now? Had ET finally returned and wanted to visit 
him or what? Before he could answer there was a green flash of light 
aimed at one of the airplanes and a great explosion of it. He reacted 
quickly and started to run from the airport, together with the crew from 
the airplanes and the rest of the people on the upside. Together, they 
ran down the stairs onto the first level. The memories of the accident 
awoke again and he turned around to see what was happening out there. 
Outside there was chaos. A Fire had broken out and was comsumign the 
planes and the radio. Dead poeple lay on the floor, some of them sliced 
in two parts. More ships were approaching Black Mesa and out of them 
there came warriors.

'Soldiers,' he thought and tried not to panic,' but what army?' 
He got the answer a second later, when the internal speaker system 
switched on, togehter with the red alert.

"This is Azusa Masaki Jurai speaking, king of Jurai. We won't harm 
anyone if you give us one person. We know, that Tenchi Masaki Jurai is 
being held here against his will and we only want him and and some 
carmorph named Anaya. The speaker system is now under our control. 
Please don't be afraid and we won't do anything."

	G looked around to the radio station, where the main speaker was 
located. He didn't loose time by thinking, he simply pulled out his 
desert eagle, aimed at the shadow, which stood near the window and held 
the microphone in his hand, and shot 8 times, grinning evilly. Then he 
closed the only door downward into the comlex and jumped away from it. 
Right in time, not to be shot by a machine gun that fired blasts of 
energy through the door. He called security and gave them their orders, 
which they continued to send to the other guars. The first order was to 
block all ways down via mines, the second was to evacuate scientist and 
civilian personel into the Lambda sector, after that they would try to 
escape too. Everybody was teleported to antother world Freeman had 
found. It was called Lyanthrophia I and there nobody would find them. 
Finally the fusion boms deployed in the complex would do the rest and 
destroy everything. No, he wouldn't get this Tenchi. G personally wanted 
that boy, because of his powers. Tenchi was perfect for this place and 
he was safe here. Plus his family was living and working here so he 
couldn't leave. Normally G would have tried to contact this Azusa, but 
after he had nearly killed him, G didn't thrust him anymore.
He took the last train downwards and smiled as an explosion destroyed 
the main way down into the complex, while the train left the station. 
They had no chance of defeating that army. G could feel it deep inside 
of him. So he couldn't do more that this.

***

	After Azusa had told the personnel what to do and what will happen 
if they din't comply, he smiled at Ayeka who, actually, was studying the 
map of Black Mesa togeher with Ryoko and Wasyu. Funaho and Misaki were 
still on their way to earth. Then, 8 loud shots broke through the window 
and right into Azusa's head. He was instantly dead and his corpse 
dropped to the floor. Everybody sprang up and tried to help him, but it 
was too late.

"That damn bitch." Ayeka hissed and clenched her fists. "I'll kill her 
once I see her." Nobody did say something against it this time. All knew 
how she felt. Tears dropped onto the dead body of her father and Ayeka 
wept in Ryokos arms. She took a radio and sneered. "Begin the attack 
now. No. No taking care of scientists. King Azusa is dead and we will 
take revenge for him." Then, all hell outside break loose. Lasers and 
Rockets bombed down and destroyed everything on the upside, then special 
forces made their way down with bombs and everybody knew that the attack 
was just beginning.

***

	Tenchi awoke as the red alert went on. Sirens jowled through the 
darkness of his flat and he struggled in his bonds. Anaya and Rick ran 
out of their bedroom and opened the bonds. Rose looked in panic at the 
others, when Freeman kicked Tenchi's door open.

"Hurry everybody. We're under attack." he yelled. "This is no 
simulation. Hurry up. We've got no time."

	They all were alert and it didn't take long until everybody was 
wearing their HEV suits. Tenchi took the small book and looked at it 
furhter. He quickly found the pages where the spells began and marked 
the first page.
 
"There's no time to read." Freeman yelled, but Anaya stopped him. "It's 
a spellbook. Let him take a look." Freeman nodded and looked at Tenchi, 
who put the small book into one of the pockets of his suit. Then they 
went out of Tenchi's flat and Tenchi nearly got shot when one laser-
rifle missed him by inches. He fired back and the soldier fell dead to 
the floor. Then someone said "Darkness" and everything went dark. Tenchi 
fired blind to see at least something, but the spell had made him blind. 
Then he heard Anaya scream. "Help me." she yelled. "They're taking me 
away. HELP ME!" The affection of the spell ended quickly enough for him 
to see Anaya being pulled away by Juraian guards. They couldn't see his 
face, because he wore his helmet. He fired wildly at the guards with the 
PPC. White blinding fire cut through the waves of soldiers and Anaya 
simply disappeared in those waves. He tried to follow her, but Freeman 
and Rick pulled him back. "You have no chance." Freeman said. "Please 
take care of yourself." Tenchi struggled and nearly hit Freeman and Rick 
with a punch. Then one laser shot broke through the armor and impaled 
him on his right arm. The pain brought him to cry wildly and back to 
reality. They were right. He had no chance. Juraian guards were the best 
and toughest soldiers he had ever met. His only chance was to get to 
that ship Anaya was hold in. Maybe the boys at the Lambda complex could 
beam him up there. Actually, all he could do was to defend himself. 
Another shot hit him on the right arm and he yelled. Then, he spun 
around and fired wildly with the PPC on the soldiers in the small 
hallway. Nearly blind, he ran depper into the complex, throwing grenades 
at the enemies. The soldiers ducked and covered quickly. Enough time for 
him to pull back furhter until they reached a small bridge. The small 
bridge was the only way to the lambada core, that was still open. 
Erveryone ran over it, while Tenchi and Freeman waited at the door to 
the bridge and covered their backs. Then Freeman crossed the bridge, 
only Tenchi stayed back.

"Come on." Freeman yelled again, his body aching like hell from the 
exaustion. The air around them was full of smoke and they could hardly 
see anything.

"No." Tenchi said, tasing the salty sweat that had collected in his 
helmet. He pulled out his sword and the fight quickly stopped as he 
walked over to the bridge. The soldiers quickly came nearer and Tenchi 
placed himself in the center of the bridge. Rose and Rick wanted to pull 
him back and quickly got to his side. He rose the sword and jumped high 
up in the air. Then he fell sword-first down at the bridge. Light 
emerged from the center and quickyl connecetd with the every corner of 
the bridge. Then it broke into thousand of pieces. Rick, Rose and Tenchi 
jumped to the side and grabbed a cable.

"Run down Freeman, we'll get Anaya." Tenchi yelled to Freeman, which 
could olny look at the three hanging over a deep hole. Then he nodded 
and turned around to get everyone down.

"We won't leave you Anaya." Tenchi yelled and fired together with Rick 
and Rose with their PPCs at the soldiers, who had watched the whole 
scene. Then a sniper did his work and shot at the cable,. causing it to 
rip into two parts. At first nothing happened, then they slowly started 
to fall. Some grenades flew over to the soldiers, causing chaos and 
destruction, then Rick, Rose and Tenchi disappeared into the darkness, 
while Ayeka in her battle uniform, which had shot the cable, yelled at 
Tenchi as his helmet disappeared and his now human turned face looked 
deep into her eyes, before he took on his hybrid-form.

"TENCHI!" she yelled at him, but he continued falling and then 
disappeared in the darkness of the hole. Ayeka's tears fell down the 
hole too and Ryoko pulled her back and took care of her.

****
End of part V. Next part : "Bloody Days II - Tides of warfare"
****

Writed by Matthias "Neko" Struck <NekoTamamichi@gmx.net>
Edited by The Darktrooper <the_darktrooper@hotmail.com>

