Cats Dinner - Part VI : "Bloody Days II - Tides of warfare"

Important : All characters of the Tenchi Muyo cast are copyrighted by 
Pioneer and AIC. Black Mesa and the characters of Half-Life are owned by 
Valve Entertainment. I don't own them and I don't want to make money 
from them, so please be gentle. If you have a problem write me and I'll 
stop writing these and take them off-line.

So, we've reached the sixth and last part of "Cats dinner", but (and 
here comes the nice part of it) the story continues. Darktrooper himself 
has had an idea how to make the sequel and now the whole story is a 
triology. Well keep reading and enjoy the story. As always thanks to 
Darktrooper for his help with the plot and his prereading. 

Warning. This story contain scenes that are NOT suitable for persons 
under 18 years old. Yes this story has LEMON content and sometimes there 
will be some rougher scenes too and YAOI. If you read this story 
although ... I warned you.

Here is a little recap. Tenchi finally awakes deep in the complex and 
strikes for Anaya, guided by his friends Rick and Rose. He uses his 
magic the first time and becomes trapped. Then everything gets a blur 
and everthing changes very very fast again.

And here we go again with the triology.

***

Part VI : "Blood Days II - Tides of warfare"

****

	Blackness was all Tenchi saw when he awoke from his 
unconsciouness when he hit the floor. His helmet was in place again and 
showed him the status of his HEV. He tried to move and slowly got up 
into a sitting position. He had reached the end of the deepshaft and got 
thrown deep into Black Mesa, but where were Rose and Rick. He yeeled 
their names and they called him back.

"Seems we're trapped in the old personnel access tunnel leading into 
Black Mesa." Rick said after they had checked themself. Tenchi's arm was 
healed by the armor and the the HEV had regenerated himself.

"I've read about it." Rose said. "It was closed after the accident to 
let the death ones in peace." She sighed. "I also heard that some of the 
shafts are still connected to them. I'd never believed this but it seems 
that they were right. How do we get out of here?"

"I don't know. Climbing up the sahft won't be a good idea, but maybe we 
can use our HEVs to reach the end of one tunnels and then get back up 
again." Rick said and they strted walking. Far away in the darkness 
there were some old trucks standing around. Some of them were already 
rusted, but one seemed in good shape. Then, an explosion shook the 
ground beneath their feet and they all froze.

"The self destruction sequence." Rose said "The whole complex will blow 
up very soon, we'd better hurry."

"No." Rick said to her. "We're safe here. They took the bombs from here 
and placed them in the new Lambda complex, which should be that way 
down." He took one paw and gestured to one side of the tunnel. As if 
he'd used magic, this side was shaken by some explosions, then the 
tunnel was trembling.
 
"Hit the deck!" Tenchi yelled and dropped on the floor. They all just 
laid there for a moment and they heard to the sound of the dying 
complex. Then it became very quiet and all lights in th tunnel went off.

"Sequence completed." said a friendly voice in their helmet and faded. 
They all looked at each other knowing the truth.

They were trapped down the tunnel.

***

	Meanwhile up in Ryo-Oh, Ayeka was standing at the big viewscreen 
of her ship and winced.

"Don't worry, they'll find them." Wasyu said to her. "Tenchi isn't the 
one to die that fast you know."

"Thats okay. What's with this Cat bitch." Ayeka cleched her hands and 
went over to the table where Anaya was strapped onto. Ayeka took a blade 
and held it to Anaya's neck.

"If it were for the life of Tenchi's unborn children, I'd kill you." 
Ayeka said quietly, while Anaya just looked away and struggled. Ayeka 
laughed madly at Washu. "Did you tell the others the news, that Anaya is 
pregnant by Tenchi?"

Washu nodded and looked at Anaya. "After all, they'll be fine. Ryoko is 
just a bit mad at Anaya, but I think she'll get over it soon. Don't you 
think that's enough of the killing and the violence. Many have died and 
more will die if you continue this way."

"No. I want to keep Tenchi for my own and I will do it. After they find 
him, I'll make him my slave. He won't remember much of his former life, 
but he will have to listen to my word."

"You're wierd, you now that. That's not the way we Juraians live and 
make our ways." Misaki's voice interupted Ayeka. "I command you to stop 
this and leave them live in peace."

"Mother." said Ayeka surprised. "What are you doing here?"

"Taking you and your father home and deliver peace." Funaho said for 
Misaki. Both were not very happy, when they got the news what has 
happened and they didn't smile at Ayeka. Ayeka shook her head. "No you 
can't. I won't let you get me back to Jurai."

"How will you try to stop us?" Funaho said angry, but then a force field 
sourrounded her and Misaki. "Hey, let those games be."

"Shut up you two." Ayeka hissed and pressed some buttons. "First, I will 
kill you and then take my place in the throne. Isn't that nice of me?"

Funaho just shook her head. No this couln't be. That was not her little 
Ayeka anymore. Both mothers began crying and knelt down, when a green 
flash of light broke the fields and everybody looked at Ryoko, who 
yelled at Ayeka.

"You were the one who wanted to kill me for destroying your home, now 
you're destroying it on your own." Ryoko grumbled and charged at Ayeka, 
who simply dodged her and threw her into the next wall. Ryoko got cuffed 
with some energy handcuffs that blocked her powers and when she wanted 
to turn back at Funaho and Misaki they had disappeared. Ayeka turned to 
Ryo-Oh.

"Ryo-Oh, where are my mother and my step-mother located?" she commanded 
the main computer core.

"They have used an dimentional transporter made by Washu." The ship 
answered. "Washu herself has vanished too. It was linked to another 
planet I couldn't locate now, but the name is Lycanthrophia I."

Ayeka smirked and grinned at Ryoko. "Did you hear that. Your mother has 
left you and nobody will save you ... or the rest of my prisoners from 
this complex."

Ryoko didn't say anything. She knew that Washu, Yosho and the rest of 
the gang exept her and Ayeka had fled to the new Black Mesa complex on 
"Lycanthrophia I" and from there a new fire would burn against the 
Juraian empire, chrushing Ayeka one day. She was lead away, cuffed 
together with Anaya and locked away in a small storage room.

"Well, after all we're still alive." Anaya said quietly, her cat eyes 
glistening in the darkness. Ryoko nodded. "By the way, what's your name? 
I mean, you have slept with Tenchi and I'm a good friend of him." Ryoko 
looked at Anaya, which scratched her head.

"He told me that you'd probably would try to kill me when you find me, 
but you're different somehow." said Anaya quietly.

"Well, after he vanished, I started thinking. When I got the news, that 
you and him are mates and that you are pregnant by him, I was happy for 
him. That's what I've allways wanted and in this moment it came to me. 
You know I saw him growing up and I always thought I love him, but I was 
wrong. I just wanted to be a mother for him, okay in more than one way, 
but not more. Those things like trying to sleep with him was just a joke 
of mine to cheer him up. He is really shy before he met you. You know I 
have a daughter out there and I know, that she's okay. We are mentally 
linked, just like my mother to me and to Ryo-Ohki." Ryoko took Anaya's 
hand and hugged her tightly. "Just promise me one thing. Don't leave 
him. He's such a nice boy."

"And he's so sweet." Anaya said. "I know that he's okay down there and 
that he will save me one day."

***

	Actually, this boy was digging himself out of the rest of the 
old access tunnel for personnel to the Lambada complex. They had found 
some smaller tunnels leading up to the top and they had follwed them. 
Finally his sword cut through the stone one last time and fresh air and 
sunshine illuminated his HEV. After Rick, Rose and Tenchi had pulled out 
of the small tunnel, they looked at the shattered remains of the 
complex. Then turned around, when some Juraian guards called at them to 
stop their actions.

"Shut up you motherfuckers!" Tenchi yelled and spoke some words, while 
his hands made gestures. He casted his first spell, a fireball (Ed's 
note: That's clasic.), and smiled as he hit the guard, which was burned 
to ashes quickly. The others ran away. Then Ten, Rose, and Rick pulled 
up their weapons again and walked towards the door, where the guard had 
come out. As they walked, nobody of the three noticed the shuttle over 
their heads, which scanned the three down there.

"There he is." the commader of the shuttle yelled to his men down there. 
"Get him." His men reacted and sent an "affirmative" before they circled 
the group, still invisible for Ten, Rose and Rick. (Ed's note: stealth 
soldiers.)

***

"Watch you steps." Rick said suddenly. "I've got some bio-signals from 
somewhere around here. Maybe they are from Black Mesa, but maybe they 
are from that army that attacked us."

"Positive." Tenchi answered. "I know this signature. It's typical for 
them. We're surrounded, so we better get ready." They drew their weapons 
and got ready for the fight. Tenchi fired some nice spells, one of them 
is a decloaker, at the guards and Rose and Rick demostrated the effect 
of am 9mm handgun with explosvie shots on flesh (Ed's note: Insert 
flying gibs here.). The fight came to an end, when Ryo-Oh simply beamed 
them onboard and they were awaited by hunders of those guards. The three 
looked at each other, then bowed their heads, before their weapons 
simply disappeared.

"So, finally I've found you Lord Tenchi." Ayeka said and walked towards 
him. "Come on Darling, let those idiots play their games in peace and 
join your aunt on the bed."

"Your aunt?!" Rick said and looked at Tenchi, which nodded slightly. 
"Yes, she's the sister of my grandfather and I hate her for what she has 
done."

"Oh come on Darling, you love me. Have you forgotten this?" Ayeka 
interferred, coming nearer with every step.

"Stay away from me." Tenchi yelled at her. "I just want Anaya and then 
I'll leave you forever."

"Don't tell me that you're one blood with this bitch." Rose said 
angrily.

"Sorry, I'm and I'm not proud of it." Tenchi said and lifted his sword.
"Tenchi. You won't do anything with the Tenchi-Ken against me? You know 
I stll love you." Ayeka said and snuggled up to him, just to get slapped 
by him with the sword.

"Sorry." Tenchi said angryliy. "but I don't have time to mess around 
with you. Understand it, you got the shorter end of the stick and now 
piss off or I'll kill you with the Tenchi-Ken."

Ayeka held her face, blood dripping from a wound on her cheek and she 
looked madly at him, her eyes burning with jealousy. "You had your 
chance." she said. "Seal him and his friends with her bitch and then 
I'll see what we do next with him."

***

Anaya and Roko looked up at Tenchi, Rose and Rick when they were tossed 
in the cell. The three still wore their HEV suits, because nobody could 
force them off and so they just deactivated their weapons and then 
brought them here. Tenchi and Anaya kissed and hugged both crying, while 
the other two introduced themself.

"After all, we're all trapped in here, huh?" Ryoko said and sat beside 
Tenchi, who looked nervously at her. "Don't worry, I won't do anything 
to you, little Tenchi. I'm happy with your choice and I want to be your 
friend after all."

Tenchi looked at her in surprise. "Ryoko, you are still your old self, 
are you?"

"Yes Tenchi-chan, I am, but I have thought about you and me. I love you, 
yes, but not as a partner. I love you as a mother. When she died years 
ago, while you was still young, I'd chosen that I would take care of 
you. Be happy with Anaya, Tenchi-chan and with your family, even if we 
are still trapped in here, be happy."

Tenchi held Ryoko very close this time and both cried. Anaya, Rose and 
Rick smiled at them and traded the last news they all had.

***

Meanwhile on the bridge of Ryo-Oh.

***

"The GP is under your control, just like the starfleet. Congratulations 
princess, you are now the new Queen of Jurai. Nobody will hold a grudge 
against you." Ryo-Oh said quietly and smiled. "Oh, and by the way, 
Mistress Lavia is on her way to pick up her new pupils. She'll be here 
in a few hours."

"Thank you Ryo-oh." Ayeka smiled and sat back. No, she wasn't go to kill 
anyone of her prisoners, they had a darker destiny. Sealed away forever 
at the academy, they all would have time to think what they had done. 
Mistress Labia was a red-fox morphm with bright green eyes and she was 
the head of the "Juraian Academy for Political and Social Re-
Abilitation" or "Japs'ra" for short. Also, she's a member of the LAID 
staff, aka. "Los Angeles Institute of Development". She's always 
hotheaded and hated slaves or pets that didn't obey her. Ayeka's 
prisoners were sold as pets and would be trained so. After a while 
everybody of them would not be able to remeber anything about their 
lives before their arrest. Ayeka took a sip of wine and rested in her 
chair, while Ryo-Oh followed it's route. Only two hours till they would 
meet Labia and then, everything would be fine.

****
End of part VI. Next part of the triology : "The Dark years Part I - 
XX"(working title, may change) made by "The Darktrooper" 
(the_darktrooper@hotmail.com)

****

Written by Matthew "Neko" Struck. "NekoTamamichi@gmx.net"
Edited by The Darktrooper. "the_darktrooper@hotmail.com"

