I don't own these characters or profit from them


Choices made
By, Clayton Overstreet


  Tenchi and the others ate breakfast slowly, looking up at each other every 
few minutes. None of them were quite sure what to say or do. The night 
before Tenchi had told them that he was in love with Ryoko. They had plenty 
to say the night before. Aeka had burst out in a rage, then cried, then 
forgiven them saying she was happy. Sasami and Mihoshi had been very happy 
and given their full suport after Tenchi promised they could stay along with 
Noboyuyki and Yosho who were now at work. Washu had tried talking Ryoko into 
getting that sample but she was busy hanging onto Tenchi.
  Now everything had been said. Most of the morning conversation had been 
started by arguments over who would get Tenchi and him thinking up any other 
topic he could. He almost thought of asking what Washu was working on but 
didn't want his head to explode when she trierd to either explain it or 
demonstrate it.
  "So Washu, what have you been working on?" Mihoshi asked. "I mean you've 
spent every day in the lab since you got here and all you've ever shown us 
are the animal tanks and your examination machines."
  Washu smiled and rubbed her hands together. "Actually now that you mention 
it..." Suddenly she stopped and shook her head. "I haven't finished an 
invention thisd entire time." They all looked at her in surprise.
  "What do you mean? You've been telling us about all these things you've 
been working on and trying them out on us!" Aeka said.
  "True, but every time I was going to finish them something happened that 
took my mind off of them and I got bored." She shrugged. "I have no idea 
why."
  Ryoko smiled and poked her mother in the arm. "I'll bet I know. It's 
because you never do anything but sit in your lab all day. When is the last 
time you did chores or went swimming? Or gone on a picnic?"
  Washu frowned at her and batted her hand away. "Incase you forgot I was 
the one who took care of Taro when you all fell asleep."
  "And were you bored then?" Mihoshi asked. Washu didn't say anything.
  "I think they have a point Washu. I don't know how it works but our 
species gets depressed when we don't do things that challenge us." Tenchi 
added.
  She shook her head. "That can't be it. I didn't evolve from predators or 
anything. I was a god."
  "So?" Tenchi asked. "I took a few mythology classes in highschool and the 
gods on this planet loved challenges. The hunted, had competitions, and all 
sorts of things. When is the last time you started doing something you 
weren't sure you could do or was atleast hard?"
  Washu thought about it and twirled her hair. "I honestly don't remember."
  Sasami smiled and said. "In that case why don't you play with Ryo-oki and 
me today? We could probably find something to help." She looked at Tenchi. 
"If it's alright with you."
  He smiled and nodded. "Sure thing Sasami. You've been spending too much 
time in the kitchen anyway." He looked at the others. "Could you guys 
make..." He stopped and gulped. "Um, a call for some pizza for dinner?"
  Mihoshi smiled and nodded. "No problem Tenchi... how do I do that?"
  The others smacked their foreheads and Tenchi smiled. "It's alright, I'll 
do it later."
  Ryoko smiled and lay her head on his shoulder. "And what should I do 
today? Oil myself down and see if I can get you to stop feeling guilty about 
the idea of having sex?"
  Aeka gritted her teeth and took slow deep breaths... very noisy breaths. 
"Miss Ryoko, he only kissed you yesterday. Why don't you stop trying to... 
to... um." She stopped and looked confused. "Why do you keep doing that 
anyway?"
  They all looked at her, blinking in unison. Sasami glanced at Washu. "Here 
is your first challenge. Have fun while I... clean the dishes."
  "I have to go work in the fields." Tenchi said quickly.
  "I'll help." Ryoko said. All three of them picked up their dishes and left 
the table. Mihoshi, Ryo-oki, and Washu were left with Aeka staring at them 
expectantly.
  "Meow?"
  "You too?" Washu sighed. "Alright... follow me to Noboyuki's room."

  Tenchi glanced at Ruoko as she lay on the grass hill over the fields 
watching the sky. She was smiling and twisting her poney tails in her hands. 
This had been going on for almost an hour and Tenchi was getting the same 
feeling as breakfast. He set his hoe down (please if you MST this no jokes 
about that) and walked over to her.
  "Are you alright Ryoko?"
  She rolled over onto her belly and smiled up at him. "I'm fine Tenchi. I'm 
just enjoying not having to fight over you for once." She closed her eyes 
and lay her cheek into the grass. "You know I had so many plans for what 
we'd do when you let me out of that cave. Then Aeka sowed up."
  He sat down and ran a finger through her hair. Ryoko moaned slightly and 
leaned into his hand. "What exactly were you planning?"
  Ryoko sat up and smiled at him. "Besides the week long drunken orgies?"
  "Uh... yeah. Besides that." He said.
  "Well mostly I guess I pictured moments like this." She wrapped her arms 
around his waist. "Us doing things together and just having fun. You could 
show me Earth and I could take you to all of the other worlds." Looking into 
his eyes she smiled broadly. "And we could have drunked orgies at each one."
  Gulping Tenchi laughed nervously. "Uh Ryoko..."
  "Yes Tenchi?" She leaned closer and kissed the corner of his mouth. The 
hand she slid along his leg took care of anything else e was going to say.

  Washu sighed and banged her head on the table. "Aeka, what don't you 
understand? Mihoshi and Ryo-oki both understand perfectly."
  Ryo-oki meowed and Mihoshi nodded. Picking up the dolls she said, "See 
this goes in here over and over and it feels good."
  "But mommy said... I'm confused." Aeka said shaking her head. "Why would 
you need to do all of that just to make a baby?"
  "Well you don't need to, it's just the prefered way." Washu said.
  Sasami sighed and looked at her. "Remember that time you thought you heard 
weird noises coming from daddy's room and sent me to go look?" She took the 
dolls from Mihoshi. "See Funaho and daddy were like this. Then mommy was 
doing something like... Washu can you make these a bit more flexable?" Washu 
did so. Then all of then tilted their heads to the left a bit.
  "Wow." Washu said. "I'm impressed."
  Aeka frowned. "That isn't very interesting... a little weird. But you said 
people do it by themselves too."
  They all sighed and lay down while Aeka waited for an answer.

  Yosho walked past the field on his daily inspection of Tenchi's work. He 
was a bit worried when he found the tools lying on the ground. Then he heard 
laughter behind him and turned. When a large bra hit him in the face he 
turned to walk back to the house.
  When he got there he found Aeka, Washu, and Mihoshi nude in the living 
room while Sasami and Ryo-oki were pointing things out and helping them into 
possitions. He slapped his hand over his eyes.
  "What is going on?"
  Sasami turned and smiled at him. "We're trying to explain how sex works 
for Aeka."
  Mihoshi giggled. "Aeka that tickles!"
  Washu let out a tiny gasp, breathing hard. "Aeka don't twirl your toes in 
there unless you want that reaction we talked about." She moaned slightly.
  Yosho scratched his head. "But Aeka... you got perfect A's in all of your 
sexual education classes. You even took the classes on non-humanoids. You 
even took Juraian yoga classes for extra credit!"
  Washu, Mihoshi, Sasami, and Ryo-oki looked at Aeka who let out a tiny 
giggle.
  "I was kind of shooting for a refresher course." She said. "Yosho, could 
you leave us alone now?" Yosho turned and ran back to the shrine. Aeka 
smiled at the others and asked, "Should we stop?"
  Washu thought about it, looked at Mihoshi who was smiling, and got a quick 
feedback on what Ryoko was doing. "Sasami, I think you were moving my leg 
over there."
  "Should I..." Sasami began. Then she shook her head and glared at the 
reader for thinking that. "Nah I'm to young. I mean I get why you are doing 
this but I'm not interested." She moved Washu's leg.

  Tenchi took a bite of his pizza and glanced at Washu. "So did you find a 
challenge?"
  Washu and the others grinned and she said. "Yes, I think I did find 
something to keep me busy durring the day."
  "We helped!" Mihoshi said.
  Ryoko looked at Sasami. "Does that mean you aren't going to be cooking any 
more?"
  Sasami shook her head. "No, I think they can handle it themselves." She 
smiled. "I think I'll stick to cooking."
  "Meow?"
  "You can help them sometimes if you want Ryo-oki." Sasami said.
  Tenchi smiled and ate dinner. It was nice that there weren't any more 
fights. "Maybe Ryoko and I can help sometime." The others just grinned.

The End

Author's note
  What the hell was I doing? Why did I write this? I wanted to write a quiet 
little story about what life would be like after Tenchi picks Ryoko. Then I 
gave Washu a challenge and Ryoko was alone with Tenchi... what happened? My 
stories are usually so much more romantic, even when I put Kiyone and 
Mihoshi together. That last bit was a twist on a joke I came up with in 
previous fics. I mean if Aeka is so proper how does she even know what Ryoko 
wants to do with Tenchi? If you can answer any of these questins, have any 
comments on previous fics of mine, or want to MST any of my stories, email 
me at clayton_n@hotmail.com


