The Christmas Dream
By Ryoko Porter

Scene 1 - the 23 and the group of girls sat before the television watching
the holiday commercials.
    TV: Deck the halls with lots of toys…
    Ryoko: And why are we watching this junk?
    Sasami: So we can get an idea to cheer Tenchi up!
{The resent occurrence around the house was the death of Nobeyuki. His blood
cholesterol was flying, and when as a thank you Ryoko kissed him on the
cheek
for the gift of a naughty nighty to use on Tenchi, his heart gave in. At the
time Tenchi blamed Ryoko, which chased her away for about a month.}

(Flashback)
    Tenchi: Ryoko I'm so sorry for chasing you away like that.
    Ryoko: Tenchi…
    Tenchi: I know somehow, someday I will make it up for you. Until then
please stay with us, this is as much your home as it is mine.
    Ryoko: Tenchi, you just made it up to me.
Tenchi: Still I have to do something…   (Ryoko cuddles up to Tenchi as
says
seductively.)
Ryoko: I bet I could come up with one or two things?
(Current time.)
    Sasami: We're going to do our own version of the "Christmas Carol" for
Tenchi!
    Kiyone: But this is kinda sad, and Scrooge hates Christmas, where as
Tenchi loves it!
    Sasami: That's why we'll do a happy one! Now all we need to do is…

Scene 2 - Ryoko is in bed thinking of the day ahead of them.
    Ryoko: Hmm, I hope our little play will cheer up Tenchi. You know that
little squirt has some good ideas sometimes, not that I can say that for her
sister.             (Ayeka enters.)
    Ayeka: Ryoko?
    Ryoko: What do you want?
    Ayeka: I was wondering if you were ready for tomorrow?
    Ryoko: It's not like we're going to be on a professional stage.
    Ayeka: I know, but I just so much want to cheer Tenchi up.
    Ryoko: I know what you mean.
    Ayeka: You stupid bitch, if it weren't for you he' d be fine!
    Ryoko: Are you saying it was all my fault?
    Ayeka: What if I am?
    Ryoko: YOU BITCH!       (Ryoko and Ayeka stand off and begin a physical
fight.)

Scene 3 - it's the 24th and the girls are getting ready for the show.
    Sasami: This is gonna be so fun!
    Kiyone: It's all ready fun!
    All: Yeah!
     Sasami: Washu your up!
    Washu: okay…            (Washu stands on the stage in front of Tenchi
and
Yosho.)
I am Washu, and I have come here to tell you of the six spirits that will be
visiting you tonight. "The Ghosts of Christmas Past", "The Ghosts of
Christmas Present", and "The Ghosts of Christmas Yet-to-come". So enjoy this
night, it is just for you. Ado, ado, ado…
                    (Washu exits as Sasami and Ryo-ohki enters the stage.)
    Ryo-ohki: Meow!
    Sasami: We are the Ghosts of Christmas Past, and we have come to remind
you of all the good times you had as a youngster.
(A huge screen appears behind Sasami and shows slides of pictures the girls
had found of Tenchi's past.)
    Ryo-ohki: MEOOOW!
    Sasami: Now it's time for you to remember the times you've had with us!
(Mihoshi and Kiyone pull out Ryoko and sit her in a chair as Washu puts a
mind reading device on her.)
    Ryoko: Get off, I never agreed to this!
    Mihoshi: Ryoko, you have to do this! You're the one who has been with
Tenchi the most!
(Then suddenly the screen is filled a picture of the first time Tenchi saw
Ryoko as a mummy.)
    Ayeka: You were stuck like that for 700 years? Ho-ho-ho-ho!
                (Suddenly Ayeka is smoking from the fireball Ryoko threw at
her.)
    Ryoko: Shut up!
(The screen starts showing like a movie of all of Ryoko's memories of
Tenchi's life.)

Scene 4 - later.
    Mihoshi: Okay; well now it's our turn!
    Kiyone: Ah Mihoshi, don't you think we should say we are?
    Mihoshi: Oh, oh yeah! We are the Ghosts of…of?  Kiyone, who are we
again?
    Kiyone: (grown) We are the Ghosts of Christmas Present!
    Mihoshi: Oh yeah that's right! We are the Ghosts of Christmas Present,
and we have come to show you how the world celebrates Christmas!
    Kiyone: In America, there is a lot of singing and dancing as they play
Christmas Carols.
    Mihoshi: And in…

Scene 5 - Ryoko and Ayeka get on stage.
    Ryoko: Hi Tenchi! I am the ghost of Christmas-yet-to-Come!
    Ayeka: Hey!
    Ryoko: Okay, so she's a ghost too.
    Ayeka: Yes, and in your future is with me! We will rule all of Jurai
together, and have many children.
    Ryoko: No his future is with me!
    Ayeka: Yeah and what are you going to give him? I can give him a world!
    Ryoko: I can give him my heart and soul, and maybe even a child!
    Tenchi: >Ryoko<
    Ryoko: My dream is to keep him safe from all harm for all time. To give
him happiness and life. We would live together on Earth forever; keeping his
close to his loved ones. I don't care where we live as long as we are
together.
    Tenchi: Ryoko.
    Ayeka: You bitch!       (Ayeka uses her force field to trap Ryoko in
pain.)
    Ryoko: STOP!            (Tenchi slaps Ayeka making the force field
faid.)
Tenchi: AYEKA!  (Tenchi picks Ryoko up and places her on the couch as she
shivers in pain.)
Sasami: Are you okay Ryoko?
Ryoko: Yeah I'm fine, I guess.
    Tenchi: Ayeka go, you are not welcome here any more!
    Ayeka: Tenchi?                              (Ayeka exits.)
    Tenchi: Ryoko…

Scene 6 - the group excluding Ayeka is sitting around the Christmas tree.
    Kiyone: Here Mihoshi, I got you a present.
    Mihoshi: Wow, and here I got you something too!
    Sasami: What is it Mihoshi?
    Mihoshi: Cool! What is it?
    Kiyone: It's an organizer.
    Mihoshi: Really, thanks!
    Kiyone: Wow a new visual confabulator!
    All: What?
    Kiyone: A new gun!
    Sasami: Here Ryo-ohki, this is from Washu and me!
    Ryoko: That's a big box?
    Washu: Yup!     (Ryo-ohki opens the box to find a huge carrot.)
    All: HUH?
    Sasami: Wow that's really big Washu!
    Washu: Well you grew it, I just made it bigger!
    Tenchi: Exactly how big is it?
    Washu: 300 pounds!
    All: WHAT?
    Sasami: Uh-oh?
    Tenchi: What Sasami?
    Washu: Huh, the carrots gone already! All that work for three seconds of
joy!

Scene 7 - Ayeka is alone at the shrine tree.
    Ayeka: Tenchi…

Scene 8 - in the living room with the others.
    Tenchi: Well there's only one gift left to give Ryoko?
    Ryoko: Yes Tenchi?
Tenchi: Ryoko, we've known each other for quite some time now. And I'm ready
to start living my life the way I really want to. Ryoko will you marry me?
                                (Tenchi pulls a ring out of his pocket and
places it on Ryoko's finger.)
Ryoko: Oh Tenchi, of course I will!
Sasami: Yeah!
Kiyone: Congratulations guys!
Washu: Good job Ryoko!
Mihoshi: I'm so moved!
    All: (laugh)                                (Ayeka enters.)
Ayeka: What's going on?
Ryoko: Go away Ayeka, I don't want you ruining this moment!
Tenchi: I thought I told you that you weren't welcome here any more!
                        (Ayeka notices the ring on Ryoko.)
Ayeka: Tenchi you didn't, did you?
Ryoko: Yeah he proposed to me, see?
Ayeka: Tenchi why did you choose her and not me? She's a demon, a monster!
Tenchi: AYEKA!
Ryoko: I will not let you ruin this moment and not pay. So I'll worn you
Ayeka run!
Ayeka: HUH?
    Sasami: Go Ryoko!
Ayeka: Sasami?
Sasami: Sorry I like Ryoko better. Besides you ruined their special moment,
you're mean!
All: GO RYOKO!
Ryoko: YEAH!

Scene 9 - later as Ayeka awakes on a spaceship all alone.
    Ayeka: Where...where am I? Ahh I'm all alone on a broken down space
ship!

Scene 10 - Tenchi and the others watch from earth as the ship flies away.
    Kiyone: Don't worry I won't report any of this, I'm glade to see that
old
maid off.
    Tenchi: Thanks Kiyone!
    Ryoko: Huh she's finally gone.
    Tenchi: Good job Ryoko, I love you.
    Ryoko: I love you Tenchi, and Marry Christmas.
