Disclaimer:  I don't own Tenchi or any of his supporting cast.  I just own the 
perverted ideas to do this to them.  If you're under the age of 18... you more 
than likely know the routine, but I doubt you'll listen so I won't bother 
telling you.  As always if you don't like long winded sex stories or have a sick 
obsession with the characters within, GET AWAY NOW!  If you keep reading it's 
your own fault.  Without further interruption I present Tenchi Muyo: The Clone 
Chronicles.


     "So what do you want to do today my little guinea pig?"  Washu said, 
dropping the hologram of her made up appearance into the casual sleepwear she 
wore before the panicked princess arrived.  "To be perfectly honest with you," 
Tenchi said watching her crawl up the bed towards him, "I don't want to do 
anything today but lay here with you."  He ultimately said, pulling the redhead 
on top of himself.  "Good, because I'm still sleepy."  The scientist yawned out, 
before going to sleep against his chest.  Tenchi merely smiled, unconsciously 
draping an arm around her, before he to fell back into a silent slumber.  

    Back in the lab, Ayeka and her Tenchi were finally releasing an almost 
surreal kiss for air.  "I think we should get out of here, who knows what may 
come to life and attack us."  Ayeka said, obviously with an ulterior motive in 
mind.  "Sure, some big scary machine of Washu's will attack us if we hang 
around."  Tenchi said falsely shaking with fear.  "Oh shut up you.  Let's just 
get out of here."  Ayeka said shaking her head, fighting off a small giggle at 
his overacting.  Tenchi stopped his little production offering the woman a hand, 
which she accepted, but not before soaking in his shirtless presence for a while 
longer.  "Are you going to stare all day or can we get out of this "evil" 
place?"  Tenchi said suppressing a small laugh at her dazed expression.  "Huh?  
Oh, yes, let's go."  The princess finally said.  As they walked arm and arm 
through the door Ayeka felt compelled to speak, "You know, I must say you have a 
magnificent chest."  She said once again paying more attention to the man's 
physical appearance than she'd ever done in the past.  "Thanks, but I think 
yours is better."  He said letting his own hungry eyes rest on the objects of 
his desire.  Ayeka put a hand to her mouth and slightly chuckled with his 
compliment.   

     Walking around the corner into the living room the happy couple was blinded 
briefly by a flash of light, which eventually faded into the kissing forms of 
Tenchi and Sasami.  "EHEM!" Ayeka coughed out to inform them of other people in 
the room.  Hearing the obvious cough, Tenchi reluctantly separated his mouth 
from theirs before casting a small smile at the princess.  "Uh, Sasami when did 
you get to be so tall?"  Ayeka queried noticing her sister was a good head 
taller than Tenchi now.  Sasami began to ponder it herself before Tenchi gave 
the explanation for her.  "They're floating again."  He said lifting her robe to 
show her feet were dangling in mid air.  "They're?"  What they're?"  The 
princess asked staring at her floating sister.  Once again the pair opted for 
the silent treatment, letting their collective glance at Ayeka speak for them.  
Ayeka didn't get the full story with the glance, if she had she would have 
noticed her sister's eyes were a deeper shade of pink.  "How long do you think 
she'll walk around us before she gets it?"  Tsunami said.  "Don't know, but I 
feel kind of weird with all the staring, say something."  Sasami said eyeing her 
sister's paranoid movements.  "Well I give up.  What they..." Ayeka said, her 
tone dramatically lowering looking into Sasami's face at close range.  "BOO!" 
The dual toned voice said landing with a small splat of bare feet without 
warning.  

    "AAAAH!"  Ayeka screamed leaping back a few feet.  "Sasami it's not proper 
to scare people like that."  The startled woman scolded.  "True, but I'm not 
Sasami."  The voice said with Tsunami's in lead.  "Tsunami?"  It was more of a 
statement than a question.  "What did you do with Sasami?"  The princess asked, 
trying to curb her arching paranoia.  "Eh, she didn't do anything with me.  I'm 
still here... we both are."  Sasami's voice in lead didn't help the elder 
princess any in her attempts to cope.  "What do you mean we both are?"  At this 
question the two Tenchi exchanged a brief look of confusion.  "I mean exactly 
what I said.  Tsunami's here, I'm here, so we're both here pretty much says it 
all."  Sasami said already losing patience in her sister.  "We're going to have 
to go over this again aren't we?"  Sasami asked her other half.  "Probably."  
Tsunami said sounding a little annoyed herself.  

    "You... Oh just forget it.  If you're here I guess Sasami said you could do 
it.  I'm too tired to deal with this right now.  Could you however do me one 
favor?"  Ayeka said walking back to her abandoned Tenchi.  "Depends."  The 
extortion heavy voice of her sister registered.  "Yes, I see you're definitely 
still Sasami."  Ayeka said recognizing that tone.  "Anyway, could you talk in 
one voice?  That echoing thing is really disturbing."  She said.  "We could, but 
we won't."  Sasami said with a slight grin.  "Why not?"  Ayeka retorted almost 
insulted by the refusal.  "If we did you couldn't tell who you were talking too.  
This way you'll be able to tell a lot easier."  Tsunami finished.  Ayeka was 
about to continue arguing when her Tenchi intervened, "Makes sense to me.  
Something else to get used to, I suppose."  He said pondering the eventful 
changes of the past day.  "Fine.  Let's just go back to sleep."  Ayeka said 
rolling her eyes at it all.  "You sleep, we've got breakfast to make."  Sasami 
chimed out grabbing a rather deep kiss from her Tenchi before walking off to the 
kitchen.  "And we've got a date with grandpa."  Tenchi said to his other self 
currently walking up the stairs.  The man groaned at this news.  "You don't mind 
do you Ayeka?"  He asked half hoping she did, so he could have an excuse not to 
go.  "Go right ahead, just wake me when you get back."  Ayeka said, before she 
to, received a kiss from the man.  Once free from her lips they exchanged a 
small smile before he turned and went back down the stairs.  

     "Let's go, I have some where I need to be."  Tenchi said to himself 
watching Ayeka's frame until she was out of view.  "I know the feeling."  The 
Ami duo's Tenchi said watching them work in the kitchen.  Meanwhile, Ayeka was 
starting to feel the repercussions of her first session of lovemaking.  "Hehe, 
well this is an interesting little present."  Ayeka mused aloud unconsciously 
altering her gate to accommodate the pain.  "Got you too, eh princess?"  Ryoko 
said appearing in front of the woman, clothed in the same shirt of Tenchi's from 
the cave.  "I don't know what you're talking about Ryoko."  The princess said 
with as much attitude present in her.  "Ah, your lips lie.  But your walk speaks 
the truth."  The former space pirate said letting her internal happiness radiate 
through her face.  Ayeka wanted desperately to be embarrassed or even upset with 
the woman, but somehow she was just too happy to be upset with anything or 
anyone.  

     "Guess it's a good thing you can fly."  Ayeka said letting a small bit of 
her own happiness come forth.  Ryoko's smile faded while she pondered Ayeka's 
statement.  Ryoko's eyes met Ayeka's and a moment of silence passed before the 
two erupted in a mountain of laughter, one of the few they ever mutually shared.  
"HaHaHaHa! Good one princess, HaHaHaHa!"  Ryoko said floating on her back trying 
to contain herself.  "Hehehehe, thank you."  Ayeka said before realizing she had 
thanked her supposed rival.  "I guess this is sort of her fault.  Now the real 
question is, would you trade the events of this morning for it not to be her 
"fault"?"  Ayeka thought watching the space pirate slowly recovering from her 
laughing fit.

     "Yeah, I guess it is a good thing I can fly.  If I couldn't I'd have to 
waddle along like you."  Ryoko waited for her obvious barb to be rewarded with a 
nice comeback.  "Considering the circumstances that brought this "waddle" on as 
you call it, I'd be more than happy to waddle along forever."  Ayeka said 
proudly.  "Me too..." Ryoko said flashing back to the hours of mind blowing sex 
she'd had.  "Ryoko, I'd like to say, for this whole Tenchi thing.  I'd like to 
tell you uh, th, than..." Ayeka just couldn't seem to force herself to say it.  
The woman had finally given her (Or at least been instrumental in giving) what 
she'd wanted more than anything and she couldn't offer a small thank you.  
"Don't worry about it.  This way everyone's happy... and I wouldn't have felt 
guilty about taking him from you all."  Ryoko once again baited.  Ayeka's face 
momentarily angered, and then it softened remembering he wanted them all so he 
couldn't have been taken singly by any of them.  

    "You almost got me that time."  Ayeka said slyly.  "What can I say, Tenchi's 
passed out and I'm bored."  Ryoko confessed.  "Did I hear someone say my name?"  
Tenchi said half phased through his bedroom door.  "YAY! It's about time you 
woke up."  Ryoko shouted flying over to him.  "Him too?"  Ayeka said a little 
astonished.  "Huh?"  Tenchi and Ryoko asked.  "Tenchi... my Tenchi has your 
energy sword and now this."  Ayeka said motioning to the part of him hanging 
through the door.  "Well I'll be, oh well."  Ryoko said shrugging her shoulders 
and kissing the man deep enough to reach his feet.  Ayeka watched the woman 
intently as she kissed Tenchi.  She'd always thought for sure that Ryoko only 
wanted Tenchi for physical reasons seeing she was deprived of any physical 
contact for seven hundred years.  But the way the demon seemed to literally 
illuminate with pure happiness being kissed by him let her know that was one 
hundred percent false.  

     "I guess I can't call her a demon anymore, because if that's the look of a 
demon, I'm just as much demon as she."  Ayeka thought watching her now former 
rival flush a nice red after a most enthusiastic kiss.  "Guess we'll see you 
later princess."  Ryoko said phasing through the door with her Tenchi.  Ayeka 
smiled at the spot the happy couple occupied, before the difficult words could 
escape her lips again.  "Thank you Ryoko."  She said turning to walk into her 
room, "You're welcome... and close your door next time.  People were trying to 
sleep you know."  Ayeka turned and saw the winking face of Ryoko phase back 
through his door.  With no guilt, no animosity, and no worries Ayeka stepped 
into her room sliding the door shut behind her this time.  To happy to be upset 
with her mistake and to happy to even care, Ayeka first princess of Jurai laid 
down into one of the best slumbers of her life.

     "So what do you think grandpa's reaction will be to all of this?"  Ayeka's 
Tenchi asked.  "The same reaction he had when Ryoko woke up, the same reaction 
he had when Washu showed up, the same reaction when Ayeka and Sasami showed up, 
a slight "Hmmm" before accepting it all like rain.  At least that's what he said 
when I told him last night."  Sasami's Tenchi said.  "Guess I should've 
known..." Ayeka's Tenchi started, "You did."  Sasami's finished.  They shared a 
laugh walking up the last of the shrine's steps before being greeted with a 
familiar voice.  "I see you two are getting along."  Katsuhito said from his 
place on the cobblestone walkway.  The two stopped hearing his voice and waited 
for one of his usual surprise attacks, of course they didn't show they were 
bracing, they just played it straight.  "Of course we are, so what's on the 
agenda today?"  Ayeka's Tenchi asked ready to get things over with.  "Yeah, I 
still don't get why you insist on doing this.  Neither one of us has come close 
to hitting the other in what?  A year or two now?"  The Ami duo's Tenchi said in 
reference to his skills versus those of his grandfather's.  

     "True, I am pleased to say your arrogance in your skills are with merit.  
However..." The old man said turning his head towards the shirtless Tenchi.  
"However, don't become too arrogant or another accident could happen."  The 
shirtless Tenchi said thinking about the flamboyant move that left him with a 
nice scar running the diagonal left to right of his back.  "The same could be 
said for you.  So how's your chest?"  Sasami's Tenchi said remembering the 
similar blow landed on the man.  "I will survive."  He said running his hand 
across his shirt following the scarred trail the young man's light sword left a 
year prior.  "Guess I should have waited a while before upping the training to 
the light swords."  The man mused with a small grin.  His grandsons smiled in 
return at the comment.  "Nah, they'll just work as a painful reminder never to 
be too confident."  Ayeka's Tenchi said in retrospect.  "So you were listening, 
but the reason I asked for at least one of you to come out here today is to 
teach you one final lesson."  Katsuhito said with a more serious expression 
etched in his face.

     The two Tenchi exchanged a look before flaring up the light hawk wing 
swords.  "Your sword lessons are finished, I have nothing further to teach you 
in that area.  This lesson is in the form of a question."  He said, the two 
Tenchi however kept the swords out, history teaching them never to trust the man 
fully.  "Very good, the question is, why did you train?"  The old man asked 
eyeing the two young men.  "That's easy, because you made me."  Ayeka's Tenchi 
said feeling slightly relieved at the easy question.  "Wrong.  Do you know?"  
Katsuhito asked looking at Sasami's Tenchi.  If truth were to be told he was 
thinking the same thing, but he remembered something else and decided that had 
to be it.  "Oh! I trained because I'm supposed to be the emperor of Jurai and I 
need to know how to control my powers."  Tenchi, Sasami's Tenchi said hoping he 
was right.  "Hahaha! You're definitely the same Tenchi.  However, your answer is 
also just as wrong.  While mastering your abilities was keen, it wasn't the 
reason.  The reason is as different as it is the same.  Once you know the 
reason, you will have your answer.  You may go now."  The old man said turning 
around and walking back to the shrine.  The two Tenchi stood there in silence 
for a moment trying to think of an answer.  "Let's go home, he didn't give us a 
time limit so we might as well go there and think on it."  Sasami's Tenchi said 
extinguishing his sword.  "Ok."  His counterpart said following suit.           

     In an empty apartment across town sat another Tenchi Masaki.  Mihoshi had 
been called away to the office the day before and still hadn't returned home.  
She'd called to say she would be a little late, "Sixteen hours is more than a 
little late."  He thought sitting up on the couch.  He'd slept off and on all 
through the night in an attempt to not miss a call if she'd ever call back, 
seeing he couldn't get her on the phone when he called her office.  "Might as 
well eat again."  Tenchi said to himself.  It was amazing he thought; her 
refrigerator held a virtual market's worth of food.  "How does she eat all this 
stuff and stay in shape?"  The man asked, of course not expecting a reply, 
"That's the same thing I say."  Kiyone answered leaning against the open door 
frame.  Tenchi turned a little startled by the answer, but not letting that play 
out openly.  "What do I owe the pleasure of your visit?"  Tenchi said, trying 
not to stare at the almost shear emerald green nightie she wore.  "Mihoshi 
actually, I've been on the phone with her for the past two hours trying to calm 
her down."  Kiyone said shutting the door and going for a seat.  "What's wrong 
with her?"  Tenchi said canceling his desire for food.

     Kiyone was a little stunned at how quickly he traversed the floor to sit 
across from her.  "Well?"  He said snapping his fingers at the woman.  "Oh, she 
kind of doesn't want me to say."  Kiyone said sinking a little deeper into the 
couch.  Tenchi on the other hand was entering the minor stages of a panic 
attack, even though Kiyone appeared a little too sedated for comfort.  "I'm 
trying to stay calm about all this, but you're making this really difficult."  
Tenchi said taking a couple of deep breaths.  "It isn't that difficult at all.  
Mihoshi is scared to sleep with you."  The GP officer said calmly.  "Huh?  She 
was practically on top of me when we walked through the portal, so when did this 
happen?"  Tenchi asked relieved it wasn't something more severe, but still a 
little uneasy she was scared of him.  "I don't know.  Just promise me what I 
tell you doesn't leave this room."  Kiyone said sliding forward on the couch.  
"I promise."  He said sliding forward in his own chair now.  "How can I say this 
lightly?  Mihoshi is, rather was, a sort of sex magnet before she came here."  
Kiyone said before briefly gauging Tenchi's response, he of course looked 
neutral.  

     "What do you mean "sex magnet"?"  Tenchi asked slowly.  "The girl enjoyed 
sex, a whole lot of sex.  But it was just the price that came with the sex..." 
Kiyone let her statement sort of drift there, bad timing in Tenchi's ears.  "She 
was a prostitute?"  He almost vomited out.  "Huh? NO! I meant emotional price, 
not actual money."  The startled woman corrected.  Tenchi relaxed, before 
telling her to continue.  "I guess it was her innocent nature... more commonly 
known as stupidity, but guys loved her.  Well they didn't love her, more like 
they just wanted a go at her and she seemed like the easiest target in all of 
GP.  I tried to warn her to be careful, however she just thought I was worrying 
too much.  So I sat idly by and watched, not literally watched, dozens of cadets 
go sleep with her and never call or even speak to her afterwards."  Kiyone said 
feeling a little guilty by her actions.  Tenchi on the other hand wasn't getting 
the relevance, but decided to listen on in hopes of resolve.  

    "Mihoshi, poor Mihoshi.  She didn't even realize she was being used.  Now 
granted she was a little too slow for her own good at times, but the day the vid 
disk showed up even she had to wake up and smell the coffee."  Kiyone's story 
stopped hearing Tenchi's breathing pick up into small bursts.  "What do you mean 
the vid disk?"  He asked the question, even though he already knew the answer.  
"One of the "friendly guys" as she called them, recorded one of their encounters 
and was playing it in the cafeteria one day.  I walk in seeing virtually every 
guy in the place around a table yelling, so I casually make my way over to see 
what the spectacle is about.  They stopped once I appeared, but resumed once 
they realized who I was... one of the guys my ass!"  The teal haired woman 
shouted.  "At first I'm too stunned to even do or say anything... until, 
"Kiyone! You ready to go..." I jumped forward hitting any button in reach to 
stop the thing before she saw it.  I only managed to turn the volume up, by then 
she'd saw what the screen and was running away crying."  Kiyone decided to stop 
there, or so she thought.  "Go... on."  Tenchi growled out, a slight glint of 
murderous rage twinkling in his eye from Kiyone's perspective.

     She'd saw the look on too many criminals to mistake it as anything else, so 
she complied with his order.  "I finally found the eject button and got the 
disk.  I'm not making excuses when I say this, but most of the guys appeared 
genuinely hurt when she left.  Except the asshole who recorded it all, "And if 
you'd kindly return my disk..." I didn't even believe he spoke, but he slapped 
his palm trying to tell me he did in fact want the disk back.  I don't think 
I've hit anyone that hard in my life since, but he'll wear my knuckle prints for 
a while.  After I snapped his little home movie I had him put on ship washing 
detail for the next... hell he should still be washing cruisers as we speak.  By 
the time I reached Mihoshi on the ship, she acted like none of it ever 
happened... but I knew she knew.  I sort of took on the role of big brother 
after that, even though she upset me, I still watched out for her.  Guess I did 
to good of a job, seeing how people thought we were an item after awhile.  
Granted we weren't.  But seeing as I didn't care what any of them had to say, I 
didn't mind the labeling.  And it helped keep the riff raff away from her, so it 
was all fine in my book."  Kiyone said leaning back onto the couch.

    Tenchi was slowly calming down, but he was feeling unwarranted guilt for not 
being there to kick Mr. Filmmaker's ass.  "That still doesn't mean she should be 
scared of me."  Tenchi said finding the voice to speak calmly again.  "True.  
But seeing as the last guy she slept with recorded it, showed it off, ultimately 
never apologized, and it's a wonder she hasn't sworn men off all together 
wouldn't you think?"  Kiyone rhetorically asked.  "Yeah, but if she's nervous 
enough to call you about this that means I'm giving off something that makes her 
feel rushed and that's not right.  It's not life or death if we don't have sex.  
Matter of fact it would be kind of weird, seeing as we're only two days into 
this whole thing."  Tenchi said, staring at the coffee table deeply.  Kiyone 
just sort of twisted in her seat thinking that maybe she'd given into physical 
need a little too early.  His gaze finally lifted and met the slightly 
uncomfortable woman, totally oblivious to his statement in relation to her 
previous actions.  "I think I'll go pick her up from work now, I have a strange 
feeling she's avoiding coming home."  He said with an almost whimsical tone.  
"NO! Wait for her to come home.  They'll send her home in a little while, they 
won't let her or any employee work more than sixteen or seventeen hours.  Some 
new policy about not over working the employees she told me."  Kiyone said 
anxiously trying to keep him from confronting the woman too soon.

     Tenchi noticed it was about an hour away from being seventeen hours since 
she left and agreed to Kiyone's request.  "I guess now we wait."  He said 
leaning back in his chair.  "No.  Now you wait, I have to go get ready for 
work."  Kiyone said slowly standing.  Tenchi rose to his feet as well escorting 
the woman back to the door.  "Don't worry, I'm sure she'll be fine."  She said 
trying to lighten his glum expression.  "Or I'll do everything in my power to 
make sure she is fine."  He said strengthening his voice before watching Kiyone 
walk back into her own apartment.  Tenchi closed the door, locking the huge 
assortment of locks this time and decided to return to his previous plan of 
eating to pass the time.  Fixing a rather large sandwich the man sat down and 
began to eat.  However his interests lie in watching the kitty cat clock on the 
wall look back and forth.  The usually short time of an hour seemed to drag on 
and on and on and on and... *Click* Tenchi's head shot towards the door hearing 
one of the locks click open.  He dropped the barely bitten sandwich stumbling to 
his feet running to open the rest of them.  

     "Hold on one second."  Tenchi said turning one of the locks open.  "It's 
ok, I got it."  Mihoshi said unwittingly locking the previous unlocked lock.  
This pattern continued for the next few minutes until finally Tenchi stepped 
away from the door.  "Well that was funny."  Mihoshi said quite happily 
considering she'd just worked sixteen hours and forty-three minutes, give or 
take a few minutes for commute time Tenchi thought.  The woman gave him a small 
peck on the cheek before taking off her suit jacket.  "Ok, ok, what gives?  
Kiyone tells me all this like Mihoshi's in hysterics about it, but look at her."  
He thought, before turning to close the door.  Watching her plop down on the 
pillow-like couch, Tenchi was more than amazed by how calm she was.  "Is 
anything wrong Tenchi?"  Mihoshi asked in reference to his contemplative staring 
at her.  "No, I'm fine... but I was going to ask you the same question."  He 
said walking over to the couch taking a seat alongside her.  Mihoshi let her 
attention settle back into that cartoon she put the television on, "Guess some 
habits aren't worth breaking."  The man thought watching her intently.

     On the other side of the fence, Mihoshi was thinking more so than diluting 
her mind with the show, "He knows."  The blonde woman thought.  She had hoped 
Kiyone wouldn't tell him, but she knew that was more than likely a futile thing 
to do.  "Now what?  He didn't run off so that's a good sign.  Then again, he 
could have just wanted to tell me in person.  Then again, what if he could just 
be here to sleep with me and then run off?  That's probably it... well I'm not 
letting him walk over me, this time I'll do the screwing."  Mihoshi thought 
glancing at Tenchi ever so often watching his expression.  Tenchi was waiting 
for the right moment to approach the subject, so he was more than a little 
surprised when the TV suddenly popped off.  "Tenchi, I was thinking about you 
today..." Mihoshi said slowly turning to face him.  He mentally sighed, happy he 
wouldn't have to bring up the subject.  "You don't how happy I am you brought 
this up.  I really didn't know how or what to ask."  Tenchi said smiling a 
little too bright.  

     Mihoshi's facial expression contorted momentarily to one of sadness in 
light of his admission of guilt.  "Even he doesn't want me... he just wants to 
screw me, well I'll show him."  Mihoshi thought steeling herself to what was to 
come next.  In one instantaneous movement Mihoshi mounted him and submerged her 
tongue in his throat almost.  Tenchi didn't see that coming nor was he prepared 
for it.  He pushed weakly in attempt to free his lips from her, but the blue 
eyed woman pushed his hands away roughly.  "She goes from wanting to sleep with 
me, to fear of sleeping with me, to wanting to sleep with me again?  This isn't 
right."  He thought despite how great the feelings were.  His hands once again 
came up her sides to push her back, this time she grabbed his hands and pressed 
them into her breasts.  "Mmmm."  She moaned out despite her anger and hurt.  His 
hands began to enact a routine he'd waited for, for a while.  Tenchi was set to 
forget the events of prior and continue on, until he felt something wet hit his 
face.  His eyes instinctively opened and his lustful happiness dropped like a 
wounded duck.  

     He pushed out of the kiss with no resistance from her at all now.  "Mihoshi 
what's wrong?"  He asked removing his hands from her chest as well.  "Nothing, 
just shut up and finish so you can run off too!"  She screamed at the man while 
ripping her blouse open.  Her chest lay before him, bear as a newborn child, yet 
he didn't feel an urge to even look at them.  Mihoshi waited for his groping to 
begin, but it never did.  "He probably passed out."  She thought sarcastically 
in remembrance of an incident involving her nude sunbathing.  Choking back a few 
more tears she opened her eyes and saw him staring directly into them.  "I asked 
what's wrong... and why do you think I'll run off?"  He said almost coldly.  
"You said you didn't know how to ask, so I figured I'd make it easier for both 
of us."  She said in a small voice.  "I wasn't going to ask for sex... not after 
what Kiyone told me."  He said officially keeping his promise, seeing as it was 
in the same room he made it in.  "So you admit you were going to ask me for 
sex?"  Mihoshi retorted, GP interrogation skills beginning to come forth.  "No.  
I was comfortable waiting until you were ready."  Tenchi answered taking more 
wind out of her argument.  Mihoshi was already at a loss of where to go next 
when he began speaking again.  "Now why would you think I'd run away?  And 
further more, don't you think this situation is a little extreme for a one night 
stand?"  Tenchi asked, letting his own interrogation skills be known.

     Mihoshi still couldn't think of anything to say.  The questions both had 
easy answers but her mouth just couldn't verbalize them.  Another one of her old 
habits slowly creeping into the forefront and Tenchi watched in a small piece of 
horror as she cried loudly now.  Her head fell forward landing softly against 
his shoulder.  "Shh.  Shh.  I'm not going anywhere, ok?"  He whispered, letting 
a comforting meld of arms encircle the weeping woman.  Tenchi continued patting 
her back lightly while her cries quieted into small hiccups and whimpers.  
"Tenchi?"  She said with her mouth still muffled in his shirt and shoulder.  
"Yes?"  The man said, obviously trying to keep his tone as comforting as 
possible.  "You really won't leave me?"  It was a question she knew the answer 
to, but she just needed to hear it again.  "Yes, I really won't leave you."  He 
said granting her silent wish.  "Not even if we never have sex?"  The blonde 
asked hoping the incentive of sex wasn't the key to holding him there.  "Nope.  
Like I told Kiyone, it's not life or death if we do or if we don't.  So sex or 
no sex, you're stuck with me."  He said laughing at his comment.  Mihoshi 
herself eventually giggled, unknowingly making him feel a little better.  Tenchi 
thought momentarily to ask again why she'd thought he would leave, however, the 
stupidity of the question dawned on him in the memory of Kiyone's tale.  

     "So what do you want to do in light of our sex free union?"  Tenchi said in 
response to her silence.  He didn't know if she'd take the joke badly and 
regretted saying it the moment the last syllable left his mouth.  "Uh, that 
didn't come out right.  I'm fine with the choice, it just sounded more sarcastic 
than I meant it to..." He stopped rambling when she removed herself from his 
shoulder.  "It's ok.  But Tenchi, if I said I didn't mind actually sleeping with 
all of them and actually enjoyed it... would you leave then?"  He could tell by 
her facial expression that her question wasn't hypothetical, she didn't mind 
sleeping with them and she did enjoy it.  "I'll answer your question if you 
answer mine."  Tenchi said looking a little too deeply into her blue eyes.  
Mihoshi reluctantly nodded and Tenchi cleared his throat to speak.  "If you 
didn't mind sleeping with them, what's the hang up with me?  I don't mean to 
sound rude or pressuring, but I just want to know.  If it's something about me 
that you find disturbing tell me so I can try to fix it."  Tenchi said beginning 
to examine his own flaws.                 

     Mihoshi studied him now, he didn't seem as confident.  He looked like 
Kiyone when she was thinking about something too hard and from his comment, it 
was more than likely how to fix a problem about himself that wasn't there.  
"Nothing's wrong with you.  It's just... I actually love you.  Even though what 
they did hurt, it didn't really.  I didn't care about them, so it wasn't really 
upsetting when they started acting funny.  But the idea of you possibly doing 
that to me, that would hurt and it would hurt a lot."  Mihoshi said, forcing 
herself to keep her eyes with his.  "I see."  He said taking in the full meaning 
of her words immediately.  "Now about my question."  Mihoshi asked diverting her 
gaze to the backs of her eyelids.  "What about it?  Like I said you're stuck 
with me, understand?"  Tenchi said looking at her closed eyes.  Mihoshi nodded 
emphatically and hugged on to him like a second skin.  Tenchi hugged her back 
with a little less strength than she displayed, but enough to make her feel his 
statement was true.  They sat like that for a while, silently smiling, heads 
rested on the other's shoulder... until Mihoshi squeaked and pulled herself 
back.  Tenchi arched an eyebrow inquisitively while she clamored to close her 
shirt.  Once she was satisfied with it Tenchi asked another question.  

     "If you don't mind my asking, why don't you ever wear a bra?"  He said, all 
while thinking, "She doesn't need one."  Mihoshi giggled like a little kid, but 
it looked a lot cuter.  "Well, I sort of have... sensitive nipples."  She said 
smiling shyly.  "Oh."  Tenchi said in wake of having one of his last questions 
about her answered.  "Um, then how do you stand being in your GP uniform then?  
That has to get difficult and painful."  Tenchi said missing the obvious signs 
of it wasn't a painful predicament.  Mihoshi blushed again knowing she'd have to 
explain this.  "It isn't painful... it feels good.  A little too good."  She 
said hoping that would clear it up for him.  He looked at her trying to sort out 
the obvious underlying meaning.  "Oh... OH!"  Tenchi said when it finally hit 
him.  "My uniform is special made so they sort of don't have to touch anything."  
The slightly embarrassed woman said with a playful shyness.  "We probably oughta 
get up.  I'm sure you're tired and all after working like that."  Tenchi said, 
trying feebly to put his newfound awareness of her being on him out of his mind.  
Mihoshi instead leaned forward against his chest, reveling in being touched 
again.  "I haven't been at work.  I did go, but they only needed me to fix a 
couple of problems with the programming and once that was done I went to an all 
night karaoke bar to think... the idea of me thinking is still kind of funny 
isn't it?"  Mihoshi said rubbing her head against him now.

     "Actually it isn't, you always thought.  You just didn't think that deeply 
or didn't try to."  Tenchi said, in response to her own slight put down.  Once 
again his arms found themselves around her, silently promising never to leave 
her alone or ignore her.  After awhile Tenchi found his head slowly falling 
back, his missed hours of sleep stepping forward to be claimed.  Mihoshi 
meanwhile enjoyed the sound of his heartbeat, but that wasn't exactly where her 
train of thought lie.  Before Mihoshi began telling Kiyone about her fears, 
Kiyone literally confessed, more like bragged about the sex she'd had.  If it 
weren't for the fact she had the same person in her apartment, she would have 
been jealous.  "God you won't believe how good he was for his first time, and 
his second, and his third, and his..." She remembered the teal haired woman 
going on like that, describing almost everyone of the six times they'd had sex 
in explicit detail for about thirty minutes.  Then even after her painful walk 
through her past Kiyone still remained solid on one thing, "Even if you think 
he'll leave you, which he won't, you owe it to yourself to sleep with him at 
least once.  Because if you're going to be left alone, which you won't be, 
that's a great parting prize."  Kiyone's words were still ringing clear in her 
ears and other places, just as loud now as when she hung the phone up.  "I guess 
he'll think I'm really insane now.  First I don't want sex, then I suddenly do, 
then I don't again, and now I'm ready to seduce the mop.  Way to go Mihoshi."  
She thought.

      "I don't want to have sex with him.  I want to make love with him."  
Mihoshi thought, this time happily.  While she had her fair share of sex, she 
could never say she loved any of them.  So this in fact would be her first time 
making love and that realization awakened more of the lustful feelings.  
"Teeeeenchi?" Mihoshi said, not realizing he had fallen asleep.  "Mmmihoshi."  
Tenchi said from his subconscious still heavily sleeping.  Mihoshi was once 
again steeling herself to do something, when all of a sudden Tenchi's arms 
appeared to go limp.  She pulled her head back to take notice he was sleeping.  
"Awe, he looks so cute.  But..." Mihoshi said letting her whisper stall.  She 
sighed, deciding he probably did need his rest.  She was set to get off of him 
when, "Mihoshi it was amazing! I've never gotten off so many times in my life 
and he was just using his fingers during some of that!"  Mihoshi looked around 
the room hearing Kiyone's voice.  "Then when he finally put it in I thought I 
was going to literally fly off him I was so wet."  Mihoshi began to gnaw on her 
lower lip as her partner's words started coming back to her.  "Oh god you won't 
believe how hard he does it! I don't think I'll be able to walk straight for a 
week!"  More of the conversation started echoing in her ears and now they were 
starting to echo south side.

     "Thanks a lot Kiyone."  Mihoshi said sarcastically.  She was trying to 
force herself off of him, but her body just didn't want to respond.  The woman 
whimpered more when she felt him beneath her, still flaccid, but very present.    
"Tenchi?"  She whispered poking him slightly.  "You awake?" Of course he wasn't 
but some how she knew, "Wake up and make love to me!" wasn't the best way to 
wake someone.  "Then again, why isn't it?"  She said to herself.  No negative 
presented itself and her request was off running.  "Teeeeenchi."  She said 
softly.  He didn't respond so she let her lips press against his.  He moaned 
slightly, but continued to sleep.  A little more ingenuity and Mihoshi wiggled 
her tongue inside his mouth.  In Tenchi's mind he was starting to become more 
and more aware he was having trouble breathing.  Her own thoughts were turning 
into the liquid like puddle she once kept them in, so much until his moans for 
air were being mistaken for moans of pleasure.  Finally having been without air 
so long the man's eyes opened, confusion taking over his reaction immediately.  
"AIR!"  He shouted pulling sharply away from her mouth.  Tenchi continued to 
take in long pulls of air, momentarily forgetting about the presence on his lap.  

     "Mihoshi?  Why... I thought..." He didn't know what he thought.  Mihoshi 
didn't answer immediately; instead she leaned forward and kissed him again.  
"Tenchi?"  Mihoshi said continuing to kiss him off and on.  "Huh?"  He said 
still a little confused by the goings on.  "Make love to me."  She said kissing 
her way down his exposed chest now.  Tenchi could only watch, helpless in face 
of feeling her lips touch his body, and she didn't seem to mind because she 
didn't stop.  More and more of his skin was exposed; it was like he was 
dreaming, just with more sensations.  Tenchi was still searching for words to 
answer her demand, but as the mantra goes: "Actions speak louder than words." So 
did his erection serve to answer her.  It was a little gratifying seeing him 
like that, slack jawed and totally at a loss for words.  Yet she almost had him 
completely stripped and he hadn't even blinked really.  Mihoshi briefly stopped 
kissing his stomach to push the coffee table out of the way, this pause gave 
Tenchi enough time to get his thoughts collected... barely.  

     "I thought you didn't want to have sex..." He silenced when she turned to 
face him, still kneeling.  "I don't want to have sex, I want to make love.  Sex 
is what I had with "them", making love is something I've never done."  Mihoshi 
said forcibly pulling his boxers down to meet his pants on the floor.  
"Anymore," Mihoshi stopped and took a complete lick of his manhood, "Questions?"  
She said impaling her face on him.  Anymore questions?  Tenchi couldn't remember 
his own name as her head bobbed slowly in his lap.  He could only manage to 
stare blankly and listen, her loud slurping against his shaft only served to 
make the feeling that more enjoyable.  "Mmmm!"  Tenchi moaned, her tongue 
flicking into his piss hole.  Mihoshi looked up for a sign of approval hearing 
him moan; instead she found his eyes shut tightly moaning what appeared to be 
her name.  "M...M... Mihoshi!" Apparently reaching his limit Tenchi grunted the 
feeble warning.  

     Unknown to him this was the longest she had ever performed such an act, 
usually it was a few second treatment and she was done.  "Unh! Unh!" She said, 
grunting her refusal to stop into his organ.  The vibrations caused him to grab 
fiercely onto the cushions of the couch in effort to hold out.  "Mihoshi!"  It 
sounded like a pathetic plea for her to never stop instead the second warning it 
was intended to be.  Mihoshi knew the consequences of continuing, but it didn't 
matter.  She sped up and only slowed to take him as deeply into her throat as 
she could get him.  "Mmmenseee!"  Mihoshi hummed his name into him and he was 
too deeply in her throat to escape the vibration of her voice.  "Aaaah!"  Tenchi 
cried out almost violently, simultaneously emptying himself into her.  Mihoshi 
felt a small tingle of electricity flow through her tasting seed for the first 
time, but she swallowed drunkenly in face of whose it was.  After about twenty 
seconds of downpour the arch in his back faded allowing him to fall back to the 
couch.  The slurping sound emanating from below his waist ceased once he was 
empty.

     "Oooh... That was amazing."  Tenchi said putting a hand to his face, a 
smile chiseled firmly in place.  Mihoshi slowly removed her mouth from him; 
happy he was still in performance condition.  "I guess you were saving up..." 
Mihoshi chided letting her tongue slide across the tip of his dick playfully.  
Tenchi looked down to see her looking up at him, hands propping her head up 
while her tongue ran circles around the head of his lower being.  "And now it's 
your turn..." He said leaning forward bringing her to her feet.  Mihoshi blushed 
anxiously awaiting his invasion.  It had been roughly ten years since the events 
involving the vid disk and this was the first time she'd had any form of 
intercourse that wasn't self-motivated.  Tenchi had her step onto the couch, 
looming above him Mihoshi wondered if he'd just have her fall into a split and 
impale herself on him.  "Oooh! That'd be fun!"  Her fantasy cut itself off as 
his hands slowly traced up her outer thighs.  "Tenchi! Please!"  His slow 
rubbing had already reduced her to a begging mass.  Tenchi removed one hand and 
traced around the hem of her skirt looking for a zipper or button.  "Bingo!" 
Tenchi said lightly, the zipper went completely down her hip and parted the 
skirt into one piece of material.  

     "Sensitive there too?"  Tenchi asked realizing she didn't have any panties 
on.  "Hehehe, no I just forgot to put some on when I left yesterday."  Mihoshi 
said feeling quite shy having him stare at that part of her.  "You drank some of 
Washu's saki too?"  Tenchi queried remembering the scientists little drink left 
him pubeless.  "Nope, I took some pill she made for me.  All that icky hair was 
annoying."  Mihoshi answered trying to cover her annoyance with all his 
questions.  Her spirits picked up when he began to pull her hips down.  
"Finally!" Mihoshi's mind squealed.  She softly squeaked when he suddenly pulled 
her mound over his mouth.  "Tenchi! What are you doing!"  To say her words were 
shocking was an understatement.  

     "Is that a trick question?"  He said removing his mouth.  "No, I mean you 
don't want to put your mouth there... not after everywhere it's been..." Mihoshi 
spoke so quietly it was almost a whisper.  "Let me ask you this, how long ago 
did all that stuff at the GP go down?"  Tenchi asked fully aware of the 
subliminal message behind her statement.  "It was about three years before I 
came here, so it's been about ten years."  She said looking away from him.  "In 
ten years you mean to tell me you haven't had one shower or bath?"  Tenchi asked 
looking at her downcast eyes.  "Of course I have b...bu...but..." Mihoshi's 
attempt to talk him out of putting his mouth on her ended with his hands parting 
her lower lips.  "Then the rest doesn't matter."  He said, his breath warm and 
stimulating to her exposed sex.  "But... Teeeeenchi!"  Mihoshi whined feeling 
his tongue's heat force its way into her.  "Mmmm, you taste clean."  Tenchi said 
removing his torture tool.  Mihoshi felt her face flush with his compliment.  
"And you look delicious."  He said, staring at the bright pink of her sex, 
admiring its contrast to the bronze tone of her body.  

     Mihoshi didn't say anything, feeling her blood rush to her privates.  "Do 
you want me to finish?  Just say the word."  Tenchi said letting a mischievous 
smile cross his face.  "But..." Mihoshi began.  "Say it."  Tenchi said moving 
his mouth closer.  "Saaaay it."  He said exhaling against her ridiculously long.  
Mihoshi tried to squirm away but her wouldn't let her go, "Tenchi... ok."  He 
needed no further persuasion; his tongue entered the GP officer once again with 
a delightful squishing sound.  Tenchi licked the moist pink of her occasionally 
twirling his tongue into her.  "Tenchi... I'm so close... don't stop!"  The 
woman said giving into his motions fully.  He adjusted his thumbs to spread her 
further apart; one of them "accidentally" pressed her clitoris causing her to 
gyrate in hopes to get off faster.  He felt her hands tangling in his hair as 
she began to grind herself on his face.  "A little bit more and..." Tenchi 
smiled hearing her screaming in ecstasy.  "Aaaah! Teeeeenchi! Yes! Yes!"  The 
woman erupted feeling him finally suck her clit.

     He continued working listening to her cutely squeal his name, "Yeeeeees!" 
Mihoshi had to put her hands against the back of the couch to keep her balance 
she came so hard.  Tenchi decided that was enough, so he removed his thumbs and 
his mouth to allow her breathing room.  Mihoshi leaned heavily on her arms 
trying to decipher what just happened.  Eventually her bliss faded into a 
workable warmness, "Everything ok?" Tenchi asked, still not wanting to ask her 
directly to go on.  Mihoshi looked down into his face, all smiles.  "Everything 
is great.  And now..." She said stooping far enough to grasp him in her hand, 
the limber woman slowly parted her legs further and further apart until she had 
in fact did a complete split onto his manhood.  "Aaah.  Much better."  Mihoshi 
said shuddering slightly having him inside of her.  "Mmm, nice to see you're so 
flexible."  Tenchi said adjusting himself slightly.  "Hmmm? This is going to 
make things difficult isn't it?"  Mihoshi said noticing he wasn't going to be 
able to work properly in such a position.  "No, but if we do this..." Tenchi 
said standing a little bit, turning them so he was on top.  "I think things will 
work out."  He said pushing himself a little deeper into the woman.

     "I... see."  Mihoshi sighed in a small bit of pleasure.  Tenchi began to 
unbutton her blouse, desperately wanting to see what his eyes denied him 
earlier.  "Perfect..." It was all that need be said once he laid his eyes upon 
her chest.  Mihoshi applied a little pressure to him to bring his concentration 
back.  He lightly pulled back before sheathing himself deeply within her again.  
"Again!"  She said placing his hands on her breasts lightly this time.  He 
massaged the caramel colored mounds, purposely squeezing her nipples between his 
fingers.  "Oh god! It feels so good!"  Mihoshi panted under his new teases.  His 
combination of nipple pulls, licks, and pinches were taking their over 
stimulated owner into pure ecstasy laden insanity.  "Harder! Harder!" Tenchi 
tried to accommodate this request best he could giving his weird kneeling like 
stance.  Mihoshi suddenly stiffened, her insides tightening just as much as the 
rest of her before she finally seemed to vibrate back to life.  "Teeeeenchi!" 
His name the only clear image in her mind the woman repeated it over and over 
visibly shaking from her climax.  

     "I hope you don't mind, but I gotta get out of this position my legs are 
going to sleep."  He said turning them to lay long ways on the couch.  "Hehe, I 
don't mind at all."  Mihoshi said feeling relaxed, although a little nervous he 
was seemingly not even winded.  "Where were we?"  Tenchi said wryly, his member 
pulsating in the woman to emphasize every syllable.  "You were finishing the 
best day of my life."  Mihoshi said squeezing him to emphasize all her words as 
well.  He kissed her before moving more of himself into her.  Tenchi lowered 
himself just enough to reach one of the woman's peach colored nipples, rhythmic 
nibbling keeping her pleasurably drifting her mind soared, hell even the room 
appeared to be spinning, but Mihoshi didn't mind.  "Yeeeees! Harder! HARDER!"  
She yelled, her voice cracking with the suddenness.  

     Tenchi's mouth left her breast; a small bit of disappointment escaped her 
lips only to be replaced by a new scream.  Tenchi was holding her legs against 
his shoulders pressing her knees against her chest, his thrusts echoing through 
the apartment like claps of small thunder.  He felt his self-control slipping 
through his fingers and more importantly, further into her.  "Mihoshi! Going to 
ah!" Tenchi grabbed hold of the headboard to steady himself and drove into her 
anew.  "Yes! Tenchi YES!"  Mihoshi screamed almost cheering him into his own 
release.  "Aaaah! Ah! Uuuuh!" The man ground one final thrust into her, its 
force lifting her partially off the bed.  "EEEK!" Mihoshi herself found release 
with him, the boiling heat streaming from him in long powerful bursts kept her 
in euphoric bliss.  Tenchi kept himself buried in her for a few moments after, 
almost in an effort to make sure she had everything he could give inside of her.  
"Whew!" Tenchi said finally removing himself from her to flop down beside her.  
Mihoshi breathed in heavily, smiling brightly at this new feeling.  "He didn't 
rush me or anything!"  She thought in memory of past liaisons where she would be 
forced to get off at the pace of her partner rather than her own.                              

     "Thank you Tenchi."  Mihoshi said rolling over to lie across his chest.  
"You're welcome, even though I think I could've done better if I were rested."  
Tenchi said sounding a little disappointed in himself.  Mihoshi glanced at her 
alarm clock on the nightstand beside him and noticed it was about three hours 
since they started.  "Then I'm glad you weren't rested... I don't think I'd live 
through that."  She said rubbing her face against the nakedness of his chest.  
Tenchi smiled at her comment, while looking at the couch that was more than 
likely going to need cleaning after all the sweat they put into it.  "Huh?" He 
said looking around the room, he looked through the open door into the living 
room, "But we're in the living room."  Tenchi thought looking around the obvious 
bedroom.  "Mihoshi did..." His search for answers trailed off looking at the 
sleeping woman.  Her mouth slightly open, smiling in the serene after glow.  "It 
can wait."  He silently thought.  With little effort he moved the small woman 
and himself under the covers, a night with no sleep and a day of sex making for 
exhausting circumstances.  Tenchi gave her a small kiss on the lips before he 
sank back under the cover to catch a few hours of sleep, "Tenchi..." the 
sleeping woman said rolling back onto his chest.  Her bare breasts did feel kind 
of good against him, so he just put an arm around her and passed out.         
      
So ends chapter six, stay tuned for chapter seven where I hopefully explain the 
missing persons of the group (i.e. Ryo-Ohki and Nobuyuki [although I doubt any 
of you care where he is]).  Comments can always be sent to 
redknight2k@hotmail.com. 
