Disclaimer:  I don't own Tenchi or any of his supporting cast.  I just own the 
perverted ideas to do this to them.  If you're under the age of 18... you more 
than likely know the routine, but I doubt you'll listen so I won't bother 
telling you.  As always if you don't like long winded sex stories, GET AWAY NOW!  
If you keep reading, it's your own fault.  Without further interruption I 
present Tenchi Muyo: The Clone Chronicles.

     "Are you sure you didn't give him the ability to fly?"  Sasami questioned 
Tsunami looking on at Tenchi floating.  "I'm sure."  Tsunami answered still 
astonished.  "Side effect of the Jurai power?"  Sasami said looking for any 
ounce of logic she could find.  "No and even if it was, the wings would have to 
be present."  She said shattering another logical explanation to pieces.  "Uh, 
could you two please stop staring at me like that, it's kind of creeping me 
out."  Tenchi said starting to feel like a fly under a microscope.  "We're not 
staring at you, we're staring at what you're doing."  They retorted still 
staring.  Tenchi looked down to make sure he wasn't absently fondling himself or 
something else obscene without thinking.  "Huh?  AAAAAAH!"  He saw the bed about 
thirty feet below them.  He took a few shallow breaths looking for some 
explanation of his own now.  "Ok, I'm going to guess you two are doing this 
right?"  He said calming down enough to crack a smile.  

     "Nope."  The nude collective said with a slight shake of the head.  "Oh 
come on, it's ok if you are it's nice you'd want to share this with me."  He 
said noticing them standing in mid air as well.  "It would be nice if we were 
doing it, but we aren't."  They said looking at him with kind eyes at his 
thinking such good of them.  "Side effect to the Jurai power?"  He said resuming 
his quest for answers.  "Nope."  "Side effect to the... um, sex?"  All three 
smiled and blushed at the thought.  "I guess it is possible we could have let 
some of our power go into you like that... but still this is weird."  The duo 
said.  "Well if Tsunami doesn't know, let's ask WashUUUUUUUUUUU!"  Tenchi said 
falling from his place in the air.  Sasami screamed in lead and her overwhelming 
fear seized the body.  Luckily Tenchi hit the oversized bed.  "Sasami, look, you 
can't let fear over take you like that.  Because it makes it impossible for me 
to help and just now we could have prevented that.  Please try to get a grip on 
that, because I can't violate nature's law and bring him back from death again."   
The goddess said in a serious tone.  Sasami didn't answer she just made a mental 
note not to lose him ever again, not even to her own fear.  

     "HEY!  Are you two just going to hang around up there all day?"  Tenchi 
said standing up on the bed cracking his back at the new tenderness brought on 
by the fall.  The two smiled and dropped much like he did.  He was almost scared 
until they stopped about a foot off the bed and eased the rest of the way down.  
"Care to loan me some of those air brakes?"  He said raising an eyebrow.  They 
smiled and walked across the bed towards his now open arms.  "Now try it without 
the brakes."  Tenchi said falling backward onto the bed with them in his arms.  
"I think we will from now on.  This is a better landing for some reason."  They 
said tracing a finger around one of his nipples.  Tenchi shivered at the contact 
and groaned.  "I see someone still hasn't had enough."  He said looking at the 
pair.  "Some ONE?"  They said in mock aggravation.  "ONE slip and they never let 
you forget it.  I see some TWO haven't had enough."  He said with the same false 
emotion.  "And no we haven't, as long as you're around we'll never have enough, 
Hehehehe."  The tandem said placing their hand over his chest.  It lightly 
glowed a blue aura before he felt the effects.  "Oh, I see."  He said noticing 
he was back in performance mode.  "Now let us see."  They said sitting up with a 
sinister smile.  "With pleasure."  He said rolling them until he was on top and 
poised for entry.  "On three?"  They took notice of the smile he wore and 
nodded.  "One *SLAM*."  Tenchi was in completely.  

     "Mmmm.  Remind us to teach you how to count."  The duo giggled forth before 
letting the pleasure of it all take them.  The sounds of sweaty flesh slapping 
together, garbled moans, and screams of perfect bliss echoed through the empty 
ship.  This pattern continued for hours, they'd all climax, take a breather, 
recharge him and it would begin again.  What would be the last romp for the now 
early morning came as Tenchi pounded the Ami duo from behind causing their 
climax to send a surge of strength through them causing them to yank the giant 
head rest from its secure position in the floor and wall.  "AAAAAH!  Hmphf, 
Hmphf, that was, that was amazing!"  They said panting while leaning back 
against Tenchi, headboard still firm in hand.  "I think that was the end.  If I 
didn't love you two so much I'd think you were trying to kill me.  Although the 
method of execution is great."  Tenchi said from beneath an ocean of sky blue 
hair.  Tsunami and Sasami had quit paying attention after "If I didn't love you 
two so much..." 

     "Did you hear that Tsunami?"  Sasami literally screamed at her counterpart.  
"Calm down Sasami, he's probably drunk off the sexual exertion."  Tsunami said 
trying to sound unfazed by the comment.  "I think you may be the one who's 
drunk.  Let's just ask him and find out..." "NO!  I don't want to seem like this 
is a pity thing!"  Tsunami screamed at the suggestion.  "Let's just wait, 
please?"  The goddess said in a whispered tone.  "All right, but I still say he 
means it."  Sasami said with a slight attitude.  The energy in the charge ups 
had faded leaving Tenchi completely exhausted, the duo's conversation ended as 
they turned over and found him asleep.  "Guess he does need to rest after all 
that, no godly powers fueling him huh Tsunami, Hehehehe."  Sasami said mentally, 
while lifting the headboard off them.  She was kind of surprised when she didn't 
get an answer but quickly let it go.  The need for sleep was catching up to her 
as well; she slowly eased Tenchi out of her and sighed with relaxation as she 
felt him slide from within her.  She took notice he wasn't completely drained, 
as he was still erect, "Too bad he's to tired to use it."  She thought while 
pulling the long ago tossed aside blanket onto the bed covering them up.  "Now 
for the lights."  She whispered.  A raise of the hand and the room went 
completely dark, except for the stars of space, which shone brightly through the 
huge domed skylight of the ship's bedroom.

     On Earth all was quiet in the Masaki home, everyone had gotten out of the 
bath hours ago.  Ryoko and Tenchi made for his room, where much like Sasami and 
Tsunami, they continued their love making up until the crack of dawn and passed 
out where they lay.  Kiyone and her Tenchi went back to her apartment and 
actually went back to sleep.  Washu and her Tenchi occupied her lab; the first 
few hours she spent discussing his eyes, testing for possible mutations again, 
and finally they went to sleep in a bedroom she concocted.  However outside of 
the Masaki home it was anything but quiet.  A woman's screams could be heard 
echoing across the countryside.  To a passer by the screams could be mistaken 
for a painful out cry.  But if listened to with a trained ear, one could 
definitely tell pain was the furthest thing away from causing those cries.  The 
voice behind the screams belonged to one Princess Ayeka of the planet Jurai.  
The cause of her screams could be heard in the screams themselves, "TENCHI!"  
Hanging from a branch supported only by her arm strength and his thrusting, the 
princess was being pleasurably assaulted by her lover.  

     She couldn't remember how long they had been like that, she didn't care, 
all she knew was that she wanted it to continue.  She was blushing furiously at 
the concept.  The first princess of Jurai, dangling completely naked except for 
an open kimono all while being screwed senseless against a tree.  It was a 
preposterous idea, but the fact was, it was just that, fact.  Tenchi had his 
pants pooled at his feet and continued to thrust into the woman, her legs 
squeezing him like a vice.  They both knew the squeeze was hurting him, but the 
sexual ache they felt made them ignore it.  She tried to lessen the pressure she 
held him with, but every in stroke made her whole body tighten in exquisite 
pleasure and her limbs wouldn't obey.  "YES!" Was the first word she screamed 
other than his name since this all began as she felt a tightening signaling her 
impending release.  Tenchi just grit his teeth and doubled his efforts his name 
once again echoed through the countryside with the new exertion in place.  It 
was also at this time Ayeka noticed Tenchi's face was slowly fading away into 
nothing more than a bright glow.  She had to turn away in fact because it got so 
bright.  Just as her eyes shut her moment of release befell her and with it her 
eyes shot open.  

     Ayeka found herself staring into the rising sun, lying comfortably against 
a warm something or other.  Ayeka wiggled away from the warmth to gain some 
space to turn away from the sun.  She had forgotten she was outside, the actions 
of the day before were all erased from her conscious mind for the time being.  
With a clouded mind she made her roll.  She half thought she saw Tenchi lying 
next to her in her bed.  "Get a grip Ayeka."  She thought adjusting her weight 
to better suit the hard ground she was mistaking for her bed.  "MMMMMR!"  Tenchi 
groaned out as he stretched turning over still asleep.  Then as if a wire was 
plugged into her brain, the previous day's events flooded back to the princess.  
"Lord Tenchi!"  She whispered it in shock as she looked at his back.  Ayeka sat 
up quickly, still in silence and in awe.  "Did he, did we?  No, I wouldn't 
dare!"  She said in reference to the excess moisture in her nether region and 
the dream that replayed itself as clear as the sun shown behind her.  

     Ayeka furiously brushed the blades of grass from her kimono and hair trying 
to make herself as presentable as possible for him when she awoke him.  Deciding 
everything was in order, she reached a slightly shaking hand out at him and as 
if by her will he awoke.  "*Yawning* Hewwo Ayeka."  He said trying to shield his 
self imposed morning breath.  "Good morning Lord Tenchi."  The princess said 
with her hand still adrift in the air above his shoulder.  Tenchi read this as a 
signal that he could touch her, so he did.  He slightly adjusted his position 
and lightly kissed the inside of her palm.  Ayeka felt the flow of blood rush 
directly into her face, along with a smile to her lips.  Her blood began to 
retreat to other areas as his kisses slowly worked their way up her arm.  "Lord, 
lord... Lord Tenchi I must insist you stop."  She managed to say in spite of her 
emotions.  "Got a little carried away there, sorry."  He said releasing her arm.  
"It's quite all right really."  Ayeka said glancing at her arm and missing his 
touch already.  

     Her eyes diverted to his face and the smile he wore then a little voice in 
her head started to talk.  "It's quite all right?  He probably thinks you're 
some cheap trash now.  Lord Tenchi wouldn't think that of me because of 
something that tripe.  Lord Tenchi wouldn't, but remember that's not really him.  
SHUT UP!  IT MORE CERTAINLY IS HIM!  It's just the part of him that loves only 
me.  Prove it.  How?  Ask him to give your father the news of you two being 
involved, so to speak.  But you know how father reacted when he learned Tenchi 
was to be the new emperor of Jurai, if he learns this he will try to kill him!  
Maybe, but if he truly is the embodiment of love for you, wouldn't he risk death 
for you as well?"  Her conversation with her more traditional Jurian half ended, 
the question was one she didn't want answered out of whimsical folly.  But at 
the same time it wasn't whimsical to have him prove this... or was it?  "A 
simple question, with no simple answer."  Tenchi's words echoed in her mind.

     "Ayeka?  Hello in there."  Tenchi said waving his hand in front of her 
blank expression.  "Oh, OH!  I didn't mean to ignore you like that Lord Tenchi, 
excuse my rudeness."  She said slightly bowing.  "No need for the formalities, 
you look cute blank, Haha."  Tenchi said stretching while getting into an 
upright seated position.  Ayeka put a hand to her face blushing.  Suddenly a 
rumble was heard Ayeka blushed harder thinking it was her stomach.  "Hehe, miss 
a couple of meals and it won't let you forget it."  Tenchi said looking at his 
rumbling stomach.  "At least I haven't made an even bigger fool out of myself 
with a noisy stomach."  Ayeka said under her breath.  "You haven't made a fool 
out of yourself at all."  Tenchi said not bothering to look up at her.  "Um, uh, 
I, oooh!"  Ayeka said getting flustered with her lack of regal air around him.  
"I can't even whisper to myself right!"  The princess mentally screamed.  He 
placed his hand over her now fists before making an effort to make her feel 
better.  

     "Look, it's ok if you get nervous around me.  It's not like your nose 
starts bleeding when you see an inch of my skin that's normally covered.  You 
haven't walked into any doors just because you were staring at me have you?  You 
haven't spent whole nights awake thinking about me and then finally going to 
sleep, only to awake and find yourself in ruined sheets.  Not to mention having 
to hide said sheets from a certain floating woman who tends to watch you sleep 
or be present when you wake up.  So please don't get upset about a few mistakes, 
none of us are perfect... although you are as close to it as any of us."  He 
said massaging the backs of her hands.  Ayeka looked at him admit all this, his 
expression was calm and unwavering, as she wanted hers to be.  "See, that's what 
I mean.  You just told me all those embarrassing experiences and you said it all 
with no silly twitches."  Ayeka said grinding her fists into her lap now.  

     "Why should I be nervous about admitting it?  To be frank, I doubt you love 
me any less knowing that, so there is no reason to be nervous.  I don't care if 
you started stuttering every other word; I wouldn't love you any less.  You 
don't think my feelings about you will change because of a few mistakes, do 
you?"  Tenchi said looking at her with eyes she knew all too well.  It was the 
way she and Ryoko both looked at him when they asked the impossible of him.  She 
felt like crying as she looked at him, where he found the strength to turn away 
when they looked at him like that she didn't know.  "I'm just not used to this 
lack of composure."  She said still looking at those eyes.  A small sigh left 
her when they relented into a normal fixture.  "You don't have to worry about 
being composed around me, I'll love you regardless."  Tenchi said standing up 
ignoring the fact she didn't answer his question.  His smile seeming to erase 
her mind, she could only nod.  "Ready to eat princess?"  He said offering her a 
hand, "I most certainly am."  Ayeka said accepting the hand and rising to her 
feet as well.

     Walking down the path on route to the house Tenchi noticed Ayeka kind of 
lagging behind.  He slowed his pace realizing her attire, however she seemed to 
be slowing her pace as well?  "Ayeka, why are you walking so slow, is something 
wrong?"  Tenchi asked.  She looked at him with a confused look on her face.  
"It's Jurian and I also read it was customary here, for the woman to walk behind 
her husba... uh, boy err, her male companion."  She said again with a fumble.  
Tenchi raised an eyebrow at the preposterous similarities of both worlds and how 
she didn't know what exactly to refer to him as.  "Honestly, that is 
ridiculous."  Tenchi said walking toward her.  "I know Jurian tradition means a 
lot to you, but that is a stupid one for both sides, Earth and Jurai.  You 
aren't my pet, so you don't walk behind me, you walk beside or in front of me at 
the very least.  Sometimes I wonder do the guys who make these "traditions" 
really love the women they make do this stuff.  You don't make the people you 
love walk behind you.  Dogs walk in front of their owners, but the woman you 
"love" has to walk a few steps behind?  Pure idiocy."  He said looking into her 
eyes.  

     Ayeka again was at a loss for words at his sincerity and utter contempt for 
such a sacred act.  "Tenchi you just can't break a tradition like that.  It's 
not right and besides, I really don't mind."  "I'll be damned if you walk behind 
me like some kind of animal."  He said with a very noticeable tone of anger at 
the mere thought.  The look on his face let her know this wasn't going to be an 
argument she could win and as she thought about it why should she walk behind 
him?  No reason presented itself, so arm and arm they continued to the house.  
"And for the record, you can call me all of the above."  Tenchi said, he felt 
her squeeze his arm tighter and knew she understood what he was referring to.  
They slid the kitchen door open expecting to be greeted by a million and one 
questions from Sasami, to their collective shock; neither she nor breakfast was 
anywhere in sight.  "Well this is weird."  Tenchi said noticing what appeared to 
be the preparations for dinner like food strode about the kitchen.  "Yes, I must 
agree.  It's not like Sasami to start a meal and then abandon it half way like 
this."  Ayeka said wondering what her sister's crisis may have been.  Tenchi let 
their arms separate and went to check the refrigerator for a possible cold 
breakfast.  Then as if they shared a link similar to Washu and Ryoko the pair 
froze.  

     "There is no way Sasami would even think to do that."  Ayeka thought 
looking across the kitchen at the motionless frame of Tenchi.  "Oh well, guess 
we should go change out of these clothes, eh princess?"  Tenchi said excepting 
Sasami's obvious choice.  "Yes, but you know Sasami isn't a person with loose 
morals don't you?"  Ayeka said trying to save what in her eyes appeared to be 
her sister's soiled reputation.  "Of course she isn't."  Tenchi said motioning 
the princess out into the living room.  "She's probably upstairs in our room."  
Ayeka said trying to further convince him.  "Probably."  Tenchi said wondering 
how long she would keep it up.  Ayeka continued trying to sway Tenchi and mainly 
herself that her sister hadn't ran off and slept with him in her first outing 
with him.  Finally Ayeka was at the moment of truth; she stood in front of their 
room door.  She took a few deep breaths and quietly slid the door open.  The 
room was in the same state that they left it in the previous day.  Both beds 
made, neither one slept in.  Ayeka just looked on in silence, trying to accept 
the truth.  

     Tenchi walked directly behind her and tried to put her obviously wrecked 
nerves at ease for the second time that day.  "Don't look like she was killed.  
I'm sure she's fine."  Tenchi said as calm as he could.  Ayeka turned on her 
heel to face him, letting her protective mind pick her next words.  "My sister 
isn't some kind of harlot.  I'm sure he seduced her into bed against her 
wishes... and..." Her words stopped as she realized she was talking to that "he" 
now.  "I see."  Tenchi said his facial expression sedated and didn't give the 
slightest hint at the hurt he felt in her thinking that of him.  "I didn't mean 
it like that.  I just meant..." "You just meant I was some kind of weirdo who 
seduced your sister into cheap filthy sex, right?"  Tenchi said in a tone of 
voice that walked a thin line between anger and hurt.  

      "NO!  This is just very confusing.  I don't think you would do that, but 
him I don't know."  Ayeka said looking at his still emotionless expression.  
"Saying that about him is the same as saying it about me.  None of us would do 
anything like that to any of you.  I'm sorry you feel like that."  Tenchi said 
before ultimately walking away down the hall to his room.  Ayeka just looked on 
in silence as he walked to his room with the enthusiasm of a man going to his 
execution.  Tenchi slid the door to his room open, taking his eyes off the 
floor, the sight before him caused his mouth to drop.  Ryoko lay asleep on top 
of him, naked, complete with giant grin.  Tenchi smiled at the trust she at 
least showed in them, that and finally seeing her nude.  He sighed and slid the 
door shut before they awoke figuring he'd go train or get an early start on his 
chores until they awoke so he could change.  

     Deciding she better work quickly, Ayeka tried to gather her thoughts to use 
his smile to her advantage.  "Lord Tenchi, wait." Ayeka said opening her arms 
eliminating any chance for him to walk around her in the narrow hallway.  
"Please understand this is new for me.  First Sasami gets you, then come to find 
out there are five more of you.  Then in less than twenty-four hours my little 
sister is god knows where, doing god knows what with you.  Not to mention 
getting used to the whole fact she isn't so little any more and is part of the 
goddess now.  Then I get you, but then it's part of you, then I think the worse 
about the you that she got, then you get upset because saying that about that 
you hurts this you and this is a lot to get used to in one day, I'm sorry!"  The 
princess shot forth her river of feelings and let her arms drop back to her 
sides as the tears began to flow.  

     Tenchi could only stand there, now it was his turn to stare blankly.  He 
felt like the word "Baka" was flashing in red letters on his forehead as he 
thought about what she said.  "Funny how simple you tried to make this all seem.  
One day you drop this nice little bomb on them, then you have the balls to get 
upset when one of them doesn't accept it immediately.  I wonder if it's possible 
to split the stupid part of you into it's own person and kill it."  Tenchi 
thought looking at her.  "Ayeka, you don't have to apologize.   I drop this out 
of no where on you and in my own little warped way hoped everyone would accept 
this and go on.  It was na‹ve on my part, because it's a lot for anyone to 
adjust too... even us with our weird lives."  Tenchi said pulling her into a 
hug, he immediately felt her body stiffen up at the contact, "You know you need 
to get this grabby thing under control."  He thought removing his arms from 
their place around hers.  

     No sooner had he opened his arms to remove them, she had hers wrapped 
around his torso.  Tenchi felt a little relieved she wasn't annoyed with his 
constant grabbing, so he eased his arms back into place.  The embrace lasted for 
a good while before Ayeka broke it.  She looked up at him and his expression was 
unreadable again.  He was staring into her eyes; the ruby red of her irises, 
surrounded by the now deep pink of her tear reddened eyeball made her eyes 
appear as if they were about to explode with blood.  Ayeka looked into his eyes 
and tried to think what could he be staring at like that.  It dawned on her, 
"OH!  Hehe figures I'd go and ruin the mood with big puffy red eyes, I'm sor..." 
Tenchi cut her off with a finger on her lips.  She looked at him and he just 
shook his head back and forth.  She nodded and he let his finger trail off her 
lips down her chin before the contact was completely broken.  Ignoring proper 
etiquette Ayeka hopped onto his neck hugging him again.  

     "So does this mean you believe me when I say I'll love you regardless?"  
Tenchi asked going for the gold.  Ayeka was silent, unknown to Tenchi she was 
staring at someone.  Ryoko was apparently awakened by their hallway dispute and 
came to check it out... still naked.  Ryoko smiled her giant smile and nodded 
her head up and down to signal the princess to answer.  "Yes."  Ayeka finally 
said still looking at Ryoko.  Ayeka finally took her eyes and mind off why Ryoko 
was there.   She then realized she was completely off her feet held up by him.  
Pulling back slightly she was face to face with him, it was definitely Tenchi.  
She still had doubts even in the house yesterday.  But here, now in that embrace 
they were all silenced.  With more daring on her part she kissed him.  Tenchi's 
eyes popped at the nice surprise but they quickly closed and his attention 
focused souly on that kiss.  Ayeka felt someone still watching her and opened 
her eyes to see the still smiling and ever nude form of Ryoko.  

     Ryoko silently clapped for the princess before giving the princess a thumb 
up and disappearing back through Tenchi's bedroom door.  Ayeka smiled into the 
kiss at the thought of the woman she had feuded with from everything to bathroom 
time, food, and what to watch on TV, being happy for her having the most 
fiercely sought after thing that ever came between them.  Those were to be her 
last real thoughts before surrendering back into the kiss.  Ayeka let a small 
squeak escape her as she felt Tenchi's tongue begin to press against her lips.  
She slowly parted her lips and allowed his tongue entry.  He slowly licked the 
length of her tongue trying to coax her into exploring his mouth.  She was 
surprised how good it felt and how far his tongue seemed to stretch.  He ran his 
tongue over the roof of her mouth and was rewarded with a very nice moan 
followed by the frantic movements of her tongue.  

     Tenchi momentarily broke the kiss with a sigh of disapproval from the 
princess.  "Move a little slower Ayeka."  He said looking at her blushing 
features.  "Ok, again this is something else I'm new to so I don't really..." 
Tenchi kissed her this time.  Ayeka's nervous chatter ceased on impact.  Tenchi 
again let his tongue travel into her this time very receptive mouth.  She didn't 
know exactly how to approach using her tongue like this so she figured she'd 
emulate him.  He would lightly trace her teeth with his tongue and she'd do the 
same, eventually Ayeka felt secure in her ability and decided to try something 
other than what he did onto her.  Ayeka eased back out of the blissfully deep 
kiss and attached her lips to his bottom one.  Tenchi moaned at the feeling of 
her soft lips suckling his bottom lip.  She opened her eyes to make sure she 
wasn't being silly, he was staring back at her and nodded for her to continue.  

     She inwardly sighed continuing to work with his lower lip.  By this time 
his arms were starting to go numb supporting her weight and he silently cursed 
them for it.  Letting his right arm slide down her back, Tenchi hoped this 
wouldn't be perceived in the wrong light.  It came to rest on her bottom with a 
deep moan of approval from her.  He sighed a small sigh of relief.  His sigh 
turned into a shallow breath as he felt her legs snake themselves slowly around 
his waist.  Ayeka couldn't believe her actions, but the more she didn't want to 
believe the more action she took, this was proof in wrapping her legs around 
him.  Ayeka's suckling suddenly stopped as she felt something.  "OH NO!  I 
forgot to wear my under garments!"  Ayeka thought remembering her habit to keep 
cool on hot days. She felt his shirt brush against her most sensitive of areas.  
The princess then realized she was actually rubbing herself against him and 
started to go crimson.  

     "What if he thinks I'm some kind of... "I'll love you regardless."  But if 
he realizes I don't have any underwear on he'll think I'm a hypocrite for 
thinking that of Sasami..."I'll love you regardless.  I'll love you regardless.  
I'll love you regardless.""  Every ill attempt at trying to guess his thoughts 
of her was replaced by his declaration of love.  She smiled releasing his lip 
and coasted back into a kiss letting their tongues resume a heavenly 
intertwining.  Tenchi was taking extra effort not to become noticeably aroused 
by the searing contact, but that effort was gradually breaking.  The effort 
started to breakdown extremely quickly as he started to feel her grinding 
against him, his shirt had been ruffled out of place and ever so often her core 
would brush against the exposed skin of his stomach leaving a fiery sensation in 
its wake.  

     Tenchi was starting to sweat resisting the erection that tried to form in 
his training pants, not to mention his instinct to run his hands over her body.  
He wanted to wait for her to give him some signal that his obvious thoughts were 
ok to put into action.  Ayeka was starting to get off as more of him became 
exposed to her undulating sex.  She let her hands drift to his shirt and run 
inside the buttonless garment.  Tenchi took a deep breath as his prayers were 
answered.  He slowly began to knead her bottom with his supporting hand.  Her 
soft lithe fingers began to pull fiercely at the shirt to free it from its 
tucked position feeling him finally begin to show some effort in all of this.  
Once again feeling he could do more, Tenchi let his left hand leave its position 
on her back, letting it travel around to her chest.  They both stopped moving as 
he let his hand rest against her right breast.  

     Ayeka slowly arched her head back out of the kiss; he couldn't stop his 
inward smile, as her beautiful features seemed to radiate when she blushed.  "Ok 
that's not the look of someone who's happy..." He thought until she cut him off 
with another kiss, "Must have stopped for air." He thought again.  Tenchi at 
this point, didn't know where to go exactly with his hand, he didn't at least 
until she grabbed it with her own and squeezed.  A high pitched moan escaped her 
as the flimsy material didn't hamper the feeling of his hot hand at all.  Her 
moan seemed to strike a cord in his mind, he gripped her breast again, and the 
effect was the same.  Ayeka's very pronounced moans and squeaks made Tenchi's 
heart rate accelerate and the acceleration was burning up valuable air, needless 
to say this necessity pissed him off.  "Stupid arms and now my stupid lungs, 
FUCK!"  Tenchi thought removing his lips from the best thing going.  "Sorry... 
I... need... air."  He huffed out; Ayeka was slightly panting as well but didn't 
feel a need to say anything.  

     "The mood hasn't been totally ruined, she's still on me at least."  He 
thought realizing her legs were still in place, her grinding slowed to the 
occasional pulse.  "Ready?"  Tenchi asked.  A simple nod was her answer and the 
kissing had resumed.  The timid pawing both had displayed earlier grew into more 
bold expenditures of affection.  Ayeka's hand wandered endlessly over his chest 
as if she were making a little map of him, her grinding had picked up in 
ferocity as she rubbed up and down the ripples of his abdomen.  Tenchi decided 
to get better aquainted with her as well, he undid the knot on her kimono's 
sash.  Ayeka felt herself blush again at being fully exposed to him.  He 
couldn't get a real look at her do to the now frantic kissing, but he 
immediately knew the feeling of her bare breasts against his chest was one he'd 
love forever.

     A moment of clarity struck the princess as she opened her eyes; "We're 
still in the hallway."  She removed her hand from his chest and frantically 
pointed into her bedroom.  Tenchi still had his eyes shut and didn't notice her 
obvious intentions.  She sharply broke the kiss to get his full attention, 
"Bedroom... move!"  The princess gasped out still swinging her arm for the open 
bedroom door.  Tenchi just grunted and kissed her again.  He turned the both of 
them and started walking into the room as best he could, given the extra weight 
he supported.  Tenchi could barely tell where they were going, but he had a 
general idea where the beds were.  He was thankful they had made the switch to 
more western beds like his, because he had a feeling he would have tripped if 
they were still on the pallets.  Dipping to allow her to slide off him onto the 
bed, Tenchi was a little stunned at her refusal to let him go.  "*Kiss being 
broken* MM, Ayeka you can let go we're at the bed."  He told her trying to make 
it apparent.  

     "Not on the bed, on the wall!"  Ayeka screamed at him trying to live out 
her most recent of fantasies including him.  "Really?"  Tenchi said raising a 
shocked eyebrow at the princess's newfound boldness.  She wrapped her hands in 
his hair and yanked, "YES REALLY!"  It wasn't as forceful as it could have been, 
but it emphasized her point enough.  A quick survey of the room led Tenchi to 
believe the wall by the closet would suffice for this little rendezvous.  Fueled 
by adrenaline, Tenchi gracefully maneuvered both of them to his designated wall.  
With her back against the wall he could now use his hands to the best of their 
ability and right now, that ability wanted to be tested against her chest.  
Tenchi released her lips to soak in his first real view of her nude.  He tried 
to call into terms his training of not being consumed by his emotions, but her 
flawless appearance left him blank in thought.  Ayeka felt relieved in the 
knowledge he liked what he saw, but the large exhale in relief made her ample 
chest jiggle slightly and she watched as his head jiggled in unison.  His bug 
eyed leering came to an end as his hands found their target; Ayeka's head made a 
light thump against the wall at the gentle touch.  

     He let his lightly callused hand massage back and forth across her rock 
hard nipples.  The rough skin made her all but scream which made him step up his 
effort.  Ayeka reached at random until her hands met his chest.  She tried to 
copy what he was doing to her again.  Tenchi grunted softly at her contact with 
his nipples, but he wasn't ready to let her fully control him just yet.  So 
deciding to go one better he stopped his hands and applied his mouth.  "AAAAH!"  
Screaming just became part of her repertoire as his tongue began to play across 
her nipple.  

     Her scream spoke directly to his manhood as it went painfully hard.  Ayeka 
couldn't control her movements after his tongue and teeth worked on her breasts 
in a blissful union.  Tenchi managed to open an eye, the way she looked rolling 
her head back and forth squealing in her high pitched voice made him suck 
harder.  Her arms shot to the back of his head with the new pressure and pulled 
him tighter.  Tenchi was starting to grow worried he'd leave a bruise if he 
sucked any harder, so he inhaled her aureole and nibbled.  "AH! AH! TENCHI!"  
He'd never liked the sound of his name so much.  The erotic chewing made her 
release his hair and loudly bang her head against the wall.  Ayeka was losing 
her restraint and an all too familiar feeling was making itself present, except 
this time she wasn't the one dealing it out.  Tenchi felt a little more 
comfortable, so he let his hand float above her writhing body and sink into the 
wetness between the princess's legs.  He paused briefly to see her reaction; her 
eyes lay completely open glazed completely over in lustful madness.  

     Ayeka could only inhale at his intrusion; his hand slowly began to move 
back and forth.  Tenchi hoped she was receiving some pleasure out of it, seeing 
as he only had a limited range of motion with her legs still in place around 
him.  The silent veil she now wore was starting to unnerve Tenchi, and it 
reached panic as her legs loosened letting her feet rest on the floor for the 
first time.  She was staring into his eyes and he absent-mindedly kept his hand 
going watching the fire in her eyes apparently die.  "Did..." He said before 
stopping when her hands grabbed his arm.  Her grip held him firm, but soon one 
of her hands trailed to his now self realized pulsating hand and pushed two of 
his fingers into her.  Tenchi watched as the fire ignited again, the ruby red of 
her eyes appeared to sparkle as his fingers explored her.  

     However she was still silent, except for the occasional pant and that 
wasn't how he had grown to like her, he needed his ear shattering screams.  
Letting his fingers literally walk along inside her she began to moan lightly, 
this still wasn't cutting the mustard he thought becoming a little more than 
annoyed.  Tenchi's tongue found its way to the nape of her neck, slowly licking, 
and her body lightly shook.  It continued to bath her neck, but her neck soon 
found itself ignored as the tongue bath moved ever so graciously over her still 
highly sensitive breasts.  

     Ayeka let a small whimper escape her throat as he returned their, again 
this wasn't his intended target, but when he tried to leave she grabbed his hair 
and held him.  Tenchi let his free hand go around to her backside and gave a 
slight pinch.  Ayeka yelped and released his hair.  "No, no, princess."  Tenchi 
said sliding lower, tongue ever faithfully licking the whole way.  The pumping 
of his fingers were keeping her on the edge of imminent climax, yet his licking 
threw the feeling completely off.  Ayeka looked down at him through the valley 
of her breasts and tried to think of a way to put it delicately, "Tenchi, it's 
cute watching you, eh lick me so to speak.  But you're hampering the efforts by 
your, your..." Her cycle to break it to him gently ended as his tongue licked 
the same area his fingers occupied.  "EEEEK!"  The pitch was so high on the 
scream until he thought the windows would break.  His tongue rhythmically licked 
a wide array of passionate cries from her, each one sounding lovelier than the 
last.  Her dangling on the edge of euphoric bliss and annoyed stimulation ended 
as he sucked just as intensely on her clitoris as he previously did on her 
breast.  Her hands gripped his hair, holding him firmly in place as she rode his 
face into a fantastic orgasm.

     "TEEEEEKNCHI!"  Tenchi felt his inner ear vibrate as she finally crossed 
her threshold.  Her frame wilted onto his face and he didn't complain one iota, 
Tenchi just continued his suckling.  Ayeka gasped trying to find her lost air 
supply and his incessant sucking, although pleasurable, once again made that 
quest more difficult than need be.  Ayeka grabbed the one thing available to 
her, his hair and once again pulled to get her point across.  He sighed heavily 
removing his mouth and getting to his feet.  Ayeka could only look at him, she 
didn't feel embarrassed or ashamed as she always told herself she would if this 
happened before they were married.  She just felt good and "Uh, I think you 
forgot something Lord Tenchi."  Ayeka said looking at his arm still leading 
towards her lower self.  Tenchi followed her eyes and smirked, "Nah, they like 
it there."  He said making her slightly flush a deeper cuter pink.  With 
resignation he removed the fingers and an idea occurred.  Tenchi waited for her 
eyes to return to his and inserted one of the fingers into his mouth.  

     He just moaned like it was a delicious frosting, Ayeka's mouth slightly 
opened at this act, but it fully hung slack when he curled the untouched finger 
at her.  Her head came forward and his finger rested against her lips, "If they 
could only see me now."  She thought in reference to all the people who'd called 
her a prude and uptight.  Ayeka let her tongue leave her lips and lick at his 
finger.  It wasn't a bad flavor, so she engulfed his finger all while staring 
into his eyes.  Tenchi just held his finger in his own mouth, but the finger in 
her mouth was the obvious winner in all this, as she was swirling her tongue 
around it.  She watched him blush as her tongue continued to play.  Ayeka let 
his finger leave her mouth and he watched in painfully hard glee as she licked 
the length of it like he had watched Ryoko do to many a chopstick.  

     His dick was at the point of spastic twitching watching the dainty princess 
imitate such a lewd act, apparently its twitching didn't go unnoticed as she 
stopped momentarily and looked down as it brushed against her.  Tenchi was too 
entranced watching her work with his finger to notice, Ayeka continued lathering 
his finger letting her hands travel unnoticed to his belt.  He was totally 
oblivious and the fact she held him in that state elevated her confidence, she 
made quick work of the belt keeping eye contact with him the whole while.  The 
oversized pants made their way to the floor leaving Tenchi in only boxers and an 
open training shirt; the princess was surprised he hadn't moved beyond watching 
her with his finger "Hehe, that will change."  She thought as her hands found 
their way into his boxers and grabbed his manhood.  Tenchi's head fell back at 
the incredible feeling her hands brought to him.  Ayeka had made it to what she 
often fantasized about, but inexperience left her at a loss of what to do next.  

     Ayeka figured she'd remove her hands, but as she pulled back her grip 
didn't release, so she in affect pumped him.  Another deep groan escaped him and 
she decided to try to coax another, she slid her hands forward still in the same 
grip, the never failing nerves of his penis caused him to moan again.  Ayeka 
smiled and began to pump him back and forth.  Tenchi was having trouble 
remembering where he was; the silky touch of her hands running over his dick was 
causing him to go pleasurably insane.  Ayeka was suddenly struck with a 
curiosity, "I wonder what it looks like..." she stopped one hand and waited to 
see if he noticed.  "Mmmm Ayeka..." Tenchi didn't notice anything beyond the 
area her hand occupied.  With little effort she freed him from the boxers, her 
hand slowed down looking at the huge mass.  Tenchi's senses slowly came back as 
she stopped her motions.  "Ayeka is something uh..." She resumed pumping, not 
wanting to deal with any questions right now.  Her eyes just stared at it; she'd 
never seen a penis before, well not in person.  The porno didn't count she told 
herself.  Tenchi was too caught up to stop her at this point, he knew it would 
be over in a little while if she didn't stop.  He tried to talk but only moans 
and various grunts escaped him.  A memory flashed into Ayeka's mind, one of the 
few times she managed to keep looking at the screen during one of the movies she 
remembered a woman doing the same thing to a guy before he... Ayeka's grip 
slammed tight and she stopped.  

    Tenchi's eyes opened at the pain and he reflexively grabbed her shoulders.  
"OW!"  He shouted a few inches from her face.  She looked blank; her confidence 
waned looking into his anger filled eyes.  Her grip loosened and she let her 
eyes play to the floor.  Paranoia once again tried its best to convince her she 
was stupid and he would definitely hate her for this discrepancy.  "It's not a 
broomstick, just be gentle like at first and everything will be fine."  She was 
now in wonderment, her own foolish paranoia wouldn't believe he just said that.  
"No one is that patient."  The princess thought.  Tenchi was still willing to go 
through with it even after all this.  A testament to raging hormones or infinite 
love, he didn't know which.  He just knew he was still ready.  "Knock, knock?  
Anyone at home in there?"  Tenchi said lightly rapping on his lover's skull.  

     Ayeka looked up to inspect what hit her in the head, slightly forgetting 
the problem at hand.  Tenchi was all smiles; he was almost laughing at her 
confused expression.  "Who did you think it was?"  Ayeka felt the blood run to 
her face again and she tried to find something to look at other than him.  "Do 
you still want to go through with this?"  He said purposely not delving any 
deeper on her previous "overuse" of strength.  Her thoughts couldn't seem to 
arrange in the right order, she wanted to go on but she felt he was doing this 
more out of pity than actual desire.  The look in his eyes showed this wasn't an 
act of pity and the fact he didn't bring up that giant fault made her feel 
confident, if not more cautious as well.  "Well seeing as we've come this far, 
it wouldn't be proper to go back now."  Ayeka said in her most proper tone.  "It 
wouldn't be proper at all."  Tenchi said half mocking her.  "Now you wouldn't be 
mocking Jurian royalty would you?"  Ayeka said looking at him with a little mock 
attitude herself.  "And what if I was?"  He said enjoying the lightened mood, 
despite the lack of clothing.  "You are aware making fun of Jurai's Royal Family 
is an offense punishable by death aren't you Lord Tenchi?"  She said, liking 
this as much as he was.  "Oh really?  And how are you going to "kill" me?"  
Tenchi said lowering his face to hers.  "I'll think of something... but you do 
know this is new to me..." Tenchi just kissed her before her paranoid over 
thinking ruined it all.                   

     Ayeka stifled a laugh as he bit the bait.  Tenchi hadn't been ensnared that 
easily, but he decided not to let her know that... not yet anyway.  They let 
things progress at their own pace from there.  Before long she was backed 
against the wall and this was it.  Her arms locked around his neck, with little 
more than a bend of his knees she managed to get into her former position.  His 
penis rested between them, pressed against her stomach.  "This is probably going 
to hurt... I won't cry, I've screwed up enough today to last me."  Ayeka thought 
feeling destiny poking her stomach.  Tenchi arched his head back to see if she 
was ready or willing, his eyes met hers and they silently spoke.  "Yes."  Her 
legs loosened from the position behind his back allowing him room to align 
himself with her properly.  One more glance was exchanged as he slowly pushed 
his way into her.  Ayeka felt something lightly tear inside herself and waited 
for the pain she'd heard about.  The pair looked at each other with confusion.  
"No pain?"  "Nope."  The princess said confidence in full swing.  Tenchi 
shrugged his shoulders and slowly began, trying to get accustomed to his knew 
sheath.  Much like Tenchi, Ayeka had to adjust with this new invasion of 
personal space.    

     Tenchi gave a few test pumps to see how much he could take; his answer came 
in the form of a slight tightening in his sack.  "Ah come on!  No way this is 
going to end that quick!"  Tenchi mentally shouted.  "Man you aren't in here, 
god this is... this is heaven."  Tenchi imagined phallic-self saying.  Ayeka 
moaned at the suddenness of the act but quickly found herself at a loss when he 
stopped.  So keeping up with a new tradition, she pulled his hair.  "Don't 
stop!"  She shrieked at him.  Tenchi fixed his gaze to her face and raised an 
eyebrow.  "A little demanding today aren't we?"  He asked, knowing full well 
that he didn't care.  Ayeka started to apologize before she caught the crooked 
smile.  "I am a princess, it's in my nature to demand certain... "Things.""  She 
emphasized her point by clutching her insides around him; they both exhaled 
raggedly in wake of the sensation.  "I see."  Tenchi said lowering his face to 
hers, "But you must realize one thing."  Ayeka smiled demurely and asked a 
question she was almost giddy to have answered.  "What's that?"  She said 
letting her tongue slowly flick across his lips.  "I didn't stop."  Tenchi said 
as he placed his lips to hers and pushed into her again.  

     Ayeka's grip on his hair relented into a palming of the back of his head as 
he continued to drive into her.  "Tenchi! Tenchi! Tenchi!"  As in her dream, his 
name was the only word she could think of when trying to vocalize the pleasure 
she was feeling.  Tenchi simply moaned and continued giving the woman more of 
what she desired in droves, himself.  "TENCHI!  YES!  TENCHI!"  Ayeka screamed 
as the feelings of her first orgasm began, Tenchi grunted sharply and doubled 
his efforts trying not go over the edge with her.  Ayeka's hands once again 
grabbed fists full of his hair as he now threw his weight into his thrusts.  
"HA! AH! AH! HA! TENCHIIIIIIIIIII!"  Tenchi once again felt his inner ears shake 
as her high pitched wail flooded the countryside.  He removed his head from her 
shoulder to see her face.  Her sweat-drenched features were only highlighted by 
the pink hue she flushed.  He smiled full of himself that he did this to her, 
however the smile soon faded as he felt the already exceptionally tight orifice 
of Ayeka, tighten further.  Tenchi gritted his teeth and forced himself to 
slowdown, as he did the bridge in Ayeka's back relaxed and to his delight, so 
did the added tightness.

     Ayeka found the strength to open her eyes; she couldn't have stopped the 
huge grin that flew across her face even if she wanted to.  The princess tried 
to catch her breath as she stared starry eyed at the man who'd let her 
experience this with him.  "My, this is an experience I won't be soon 
forgetting."  She said absent-mindedly brushing an out of place piece of hair 
from her eye.  "No fair, I didn't get to have an "experience"."  Tenchi said in 
a light tone.  Ayeka gave a puzzled expression until he slightly pulsated 
himself inside her.  "Oh...OH!  Why not, did I do something wrong?  If I..." 
Ayeka's embarrassment swung back around and Tenchi sighed.  "Ok, no orgasm 
related humor until she gets accustomed to this."  Tenchi thought.  "Ayeka, I 
just didn't want to... not yet anyway."  Tenchi said once again playing crisis 
control.  "Why?"  Ayeka said looking as if she had done something wrong.  
"Wouldn't it have seemed a little anti-climatic if I had my "experience" four 
seconds in?"  Tenchi said hoping this would end her doubt.  "Oh."  She said not 
fully comprehending his words.  "Two, three, and..." Tenchi thought watching her 
expression mull over what he just said.  "OH!  I... see."  Said a now 
seductively smiling Ayeka.

     Her arms unwrapped from his neck and crept down his sides before easing 
under his arms.  "Then I suggest you stop talking and get back to work."  Her 
hands slapped his ass and pulled him deeply into her again.  "Yes, your 
highness."  Tenchi said with his eyes lidded slightly at the feeling.  His hips 
slowly began to grind his penis into the woman, the conversation allowing a 
great deal of the sensitivity in him to die down.  Ayeka's head made its 
familiar thump against the wall as he drove into her with an elevated force, 
unhampered by fear of premature ejaculation.  He grunted as he felt her nails 
dig in his ass cheeks pulling his thrusts in even harder.  "YES! TENCHI! HARDER! 
PLEASE GO HARDER!"  Raw animalistic need for release spurned him onto meet her 
request.  "AYEKA!"  Tenchi screamed as he began to pleasurably sexually assault 
the woman, he heard her back hitting the wall and tried to slow his enthusiasm, 
but failed.  Thrusting as hard as he could Tenchi managed to pry Ayeka's hands 
from his ass and interlocked fingers with her, spreading their arms out away 
from their bodies.  His thrusts and the wall now mainly supported her body 
weight, the added weight allowed him to sink deeper inside of her and this was 
slowly becoming his undoing.  

    "TENCHIIIII! YEEEEEES!"  Ayeka once again shrilled out for the world to 
cringe in pain, as she was rewarded with pure ecstasy.  Her nails digging into 
the back of his hand only worked to heighten Tenchi's experience.  "AAAAARGH!"  
Tenchi growled out feeling his impending orgasm nearing.  He unlocked their 
hands, pulling the princess from the wall he simply cradled her as he worked 
towards his release.  Ayeka had no problem holding on for the ride as he pounded 
into her just as fiercely.  "AAAAAH! AYEKAAAAAAA!  AH! UH!"  Tenchi cried out 
finding his release deep within the woman.  Allowing Ayeka to hit the wall.  His 
left hand worked to brace the fall as his right hand turned into a fist slamming 
into the wall.  The exhausted couple panted loudly sliding to the floor, "I... 
trust... you had your "experience" that time Lord Tenchi."  Ayeka said while 
slightly stroking his back.  "Mmmm. Hmmm."  Tenchi said pulling his head off of 
her shoulder.  "That was..." Ayeka looked puzzled by Tenchi's loss of words and 
look of horror on his face.  "What's wrong Tenchi?"  Ayeka said starting to feel 
a little worried, seeing as he wasn't blinking.  Tenchi pointed a shaky hand 
beside her head.  Ayeka's head turned slowly, about half a foot away from her 
head was Tenchi's hand, wrapped around a red energy sword, exactly like Ryoko's.  

     Ayeka looked at the blackened trail it made and was left speechless.  
"WAAAAAASHU!"  A large flock of birds took to the air outside the window with 
her simply deafening scream.  Her expenditure of voice jarred Tenchi from his 
trance enough to slightly fall back, the opening of his hand snuffing the life 
from the sword.  "Tenchi get dressed we have to see Washu!  Let me see your 
hand, are you hurt?  Why the hell did you do that?  AAAAAAH!"  The irate 
princess screamed.  Tenchi still a little confused handed her his hand; she 
searched it thoroughly inspecting for burns or cuts.  "Ayeka, it's ok.  We'll 
just see what Washu can do to fix... whatever that was."  Tenchi said gripping 
her shoulder.  Ayeka began to kiss the inside of his palm and press it to her 
cheek, trying her best to soothe wounds that weren't there.  "Ayeka?"  He said 
trying to snap her out of it.  "Fine, but get dressed this isn't something that 
can be held off on."  Ayeka said pushing against his chest to hurry him to his 
feet, Tenchi sighed in resignation and began to dress as ordered.  Ayeka hastily 
tied her kimono and made no other arrangements to doll herself up.  Tenchi 
luckily got his pants on and belt tied as she snatched him by the arm making for 
Washu's lab.  Tenchi took notice the bedroom door was apparently still open from 
earlier and smiled as her desire for him outweighed her proper image.

     *BANG* *BANG* *BANG*  "Washu!  Let us in!  WASHU!"  Ayeka shouted as she 
kicked and beat the door.  A little while later the face of Washu appeared in 
the window of the door, rubbing her eyes and yawning.  "*Yawning* Cooome in, 
sheesh."  The harshly awoken scientist groaned out in annoyance.  *Click* The 
sound of the lock opening was met with Ayeka's fierce opening of the door 
dragging Tenchi in tow.  "Washu!  Something's wrong with Tenchi!"  Ayeka shouted 
searching the dimly lit lab for the genius.  A door appeared a little ways away 
from the panicked princess as Washu appeared, fully dressed and looking as if 
she had spent hours getting dressed.  "First, what's wrong with him and second 
it's LITTLE Washu!"  The flaming red head said allowing the portal to close 
behind her.  Tenchi and Ayeka both gave her a weird arch of the eyebrow, "Ok, 
ok, scrap the last one.  Picky bunch of..." Washu mumbled under her breath.  
Washu suddenly stopped and looked at them thoroughly, a small smile crossed her 
lips as she had a feeling she knew the problem already.  "So, he has the eyes 
too?"  She said walking directly into Tenchi's face prying at his eyes and 
beaming a small light into them.  "What?  No, stop that!"  Ayeka said fumbling 
to remove Washu's hands.  Washu gave a side ways glance as her laptop appeared 
under her hand, she hit a button and a small statue clunked the princess in the 
head.  "Now calm down!"  Washu exclaimed watching the princess remove the object 
from her skull.  

    "Washu what's taking you so..." Her Tenchi said appearing through the same 
door she did.  "Oh, I see.  So what's up with the happy couple?"  He said 
diverting his original statement.  Ayeka felt a twinge of jealousy blow over her 
as he walked up to Washu and kissed her deeply, "If you squeeze my arm any 
harder, I think you'll break it."  Tenchi whispered into her ear, she jumped a 
little before relaxing as best she could.  "Ahem!  If you two could put your 
hormones in order long enough, Lord Tenchi... MY Lord Tenchi has a problem."  
Ayeka said trying to get the attention where it belonged.  Tenchi arched away 
from Washu smiling lightly, "He has the eye thing too?"  He asked not bothering 
to release his hold on her hips.  "I don't know yet, SOME people won't let me 
work."  Washu aimed that Ayeka who effectively snubbed her nose at it.  "So 
Tenchi, what is this problem our dear Ayeka can't seem to inform us about?"  
Washu asked smiling at him with the same lust heavy look she gave the Tenchi 
holding her hips.  "I formed an energy sword."  He said smiling slightly 
himself, Washu's look turned into one of "You got me out of bed for this?"  
"RYOKO'S energy sword."  Ayeka added with irritation.  

     "Really?  Well this is interesting."  Washu said slightly rubbing her chin.  
"Interesting or not, fix him!"  The princess shouted, she saw the laptop appear 
again and quickly added, "Hehe, please."  Washu wiggled free of her Tenchi as he 
made his way to another part of the lab, apparently to open the black out dome, 
seeing as it opened once he was out of view.  "It may not be that simple Ayeka."  
Washu said furiously typing at this point.  "Why not?  You are the greatest 
scientific genius in the universe, aren't you?"  Ayeka added sweetly, hoping 
that could help her case.  Washu's Tenchi made it back in time to hear that and 
softly chuckled.  Ayeka ignored his shirtless form as best she could trying to 
focus on Washu.  "How can I explain this?  Hey babe, come her for a sec."  Her 
Tenchi strolled over and Ayeka groaned.  "I know you're eager to get back to 
whatever you two were doing, but please Ms. Washu focus."  Ayeka pleaded.  "I am 
focused, this is for demonstrational purposes.  Show them."  She told her Tenchi 
while motioning for her eyes as he simply nodded.  

     "Watch closely folks, two brown eyes, right?"  Tenchi said as he and Ayeka 
nodded.  Tenchi covered his eyes with his hands, "Wrong."  On the removal of his 
hands his eyes shone of a bright gold.  "But, but, what, who, huh?"  The 
princess finally got out, as her Tenchi just stared blankly, almost like he 
expected it.  "Neat trick right?  Hahaha!"  Tenchi said laughing at the 
princess's befuddled expression.  Washu simply shook her head at his playful 
expression with an amused smile of her own.  "I'm going to take a shot in the 
dark here, but you two were... "Together" when the sword came into being right?"  
Washu said eyeing the panicked princess and her sedate mate.  "Yeah."  Tenchi 
said without thinking it over, Ayeka blushed furiously as she squeezed his arm a 
little tighter.  "Uh, well, that's none of your business!  Even if we were, 
which I'm not confirming, that is not the subject at hand."  Ayeka said trying 
to keep a royal air about her... despite the mangled hair and slightly over 
exposed right breast hanging from her robe.  

     "Anyway what can you do to fix him?"  Ayeka said getting fed up with her 
question not being answered.  "OW!"  Ayeka's Tenchi shouted as one of Washu's 
drones pricked his arm and retrieved a small bit of blood.  Ayeka spun around 
and her anger soared seeing the small trickle of blood.  "Washu!  I think I've 
been patient..." "Fascinating."  Washu said interrupting the princess's angry 
rant.  Washu watched the results appear on her laptop and had a feeling the 
princess wasn't going to like the diagnosis.  "Well unlike MY Tenchi."  Washu 
said imitating the princess from earlier.  "The diagnosis for yours isn't a 
simple one."  She said tossing a small bottle to her Tenchi.  "The eyes can be 
removed with those eye drops."  Her Tenchi without hesitation turned the small 
bottle up, allowing the fluid to hit one of his golden eyes.  He looked forward 
at Ayeka as it returned to its usual chocolate brown.  "Tada!"  He announced.  

     "There's just two things wrong with the eye drops.  One: It takes a 
constant use for about two days in four-hour intervals to work properly.  Two: I 
like how cute he looks with gold eyes!"  Washu shouted beaming like a 
schoolgirl.  "Eh, yippee.  But that doesn't help MY Tenchi."  Ayeka said 
sarcastically.  "Your Tenchi can't be helped so simply.  The chromosomes of 
Ryoko's DNA that controls the doppelganger ability, while successfully 
transferred, allowed some of her more interesting chromosomes to attach to his 
DNA's double helix."  Washu said as if she were simply stating two plus two.  
"So that means you can fix him right?"  Ayeka said looking confused as ever.  
Washu sighed and gripped the bridge of her nose before getting an idea.  She hit 
a few buttons and a replica of Tenchi's DNA appeared, made out of toy parts.  
"Look at it like this, all of this is Tenchi."  Washu motioned at the majority 
of the pieces that held the two spirals together.  "These represent the Ryoko 
thingies."  Ayeka shouted poking at the two bottom chromosomes... effectively 
modeled to look like mini-Ryokos.  Washu and the other Tenchi exchanged a brief 
glance before letting Washu explain.  

     "Ok, while Ryoko only occupies that small part of him, it is a vital one.  
I calculate each Tenchi has/or will have a certain trait of Ryoko's.  Anyhow, 
her doppelganger ability and other chromosomes were paired at random, so 
depending on the luck of the draw your Tenchi could have ended up with a lovely 
set of breasts."  Washu heard Ayeka sigh and continued.  "Luckily he didn't, his 
pair was apparently doppelganger and energy manipulation.  But..."  "But what, 
this can be fixed can't it?"  Ayeka butted in.  "But, this can't be fixed."  
Washu turning her eyes to the woman.  However quick thinking was with the 
princess today.  "Just take the energy thingies out of his DNA."  She said 
feeling triumphant in her discovery.  "Its not that easy, those energy 
"thingies" are partially holding him together, so without it..." Washu thumped 
the Ryoko figures out of place on the Double Helix and it collapsed.  

     Ayeka looked on in terror as it fell; Tenchi simply put his arms around 
her.  "If he agrees to the procedure, I may possibly be able to remove them and 
keep him alive... but the chances are, he'll die.  So, do you hate that little 
piece of Ryoko enough to risk losing him?  If your hatred does run that deep for 
my daughter, I'd like very much to study the brain of an insane person."  Washu 
said while pondering if the princess would have him submit to this.  Her Tenchi 
walked behind her resting his head on her shoulder, embracing her much like his 
brethren did to Ayeka.  "If you decide to do this, Tenchi I believe you know how 
to reach me."  Washu said leading her Tenchi back through the portal to give the 
other couple time to think.  "If I don't hear anything in twenty minutes, I'll 
take that as "Ayeka isn't as bitter as I thought she was."" Washu said glaring a 
hole into the stunned princess before disappearing.  Ayeka was stunned for a 
variety of reasons, "How did she know this was about Ryoko?  Is it really that 
bad a little visible part of Ryoko is in him?"  Ayeka thought staring into the 
vacant green canopy view on the planet Washu's lab overlooked.

     Tenchi kissed her neck slightly trying to stir some movement from the 
woman; "Do you think I'm crazy for giving the procedure thought Tenchi?"  Ayeka 
said still looking forward, shedding quiet tears.  She felt his lips leave her 
neck and felt a sharp twist in her stomach.  Tenchi gave her question a brief 
moment of thought before answering.  "Do you think I'm insane for agreeing to do 
it if you want me to?"  He said right behind her ear.  Ayeka inhaled sharply as 
she felt another pain in her stomach, "But you heard her, you'd probably die, 
why would you agree to something like that?"  Ayeka screamed still refusing to 
look at him.  "Two things, why would you ask me to do it if you knew I'd 
probably die?  Two, because you asked me to.  Not like I gotta death wish or 
anything, but if this Ryoko thing upsets you that much I'd gladly risk it to 
make you happy."  He said softly, but at the same time firmly.  

     His tightened grip made Ayeka reach up and softly stroke his hands.  Her 
more traditional Jurian half was kicked firmly in the teeth with this admission 
and its whispers of doubt went dead.  "Remind me to thank Ryoko."  She said 
turning to finally face him.  He opened his arms to better accommodate the turn 
and smiled down at her, "About what?"  He said once again ignoring the fact she 
ignored another question of his.  "For giving me you."  She quietly answered 
kissing him.  Tenchi let the kiss continue for a while before ultimately 
breaking it.  "Problem?"  Ayeka asked surprised a little.  "You never answered 
my questions."  He said sternly, but friendly.  "Yes I believe you'll love me 
regardless."  Ayeka said letting her head float back and forth in false 
exasperation.  "What about the second one?"  Tenchi asked seriously wondering 
why she'd ask something of him like that knowing the results meant death.  Ayeka 
looked away briefly before locking eyes with him.  "Please understand, when my 
father learns of this he will more than likely attempt to have you killed.  I 
just wanted to know you loved me enough to deal with his threats on your life to 
be with me.  Not out of honor or duty, but because you loved me, not just "I 
have to save the princess of Jurai to keep peace in the universe.""  Ayeka said 
attempting to null his doubts.  Tenchi let his smile and kiss answer her this 
time.  

     In another pocket dimension Washu clicked off her monitor to the big lab 
allowing the couple some privacy.  "I say she's one hundred percent sane."  
Washu said looking at her Tenchi stretched out on their bed.  "Hmmm, our bed, I 
like that."  She thought making her way back to their bed smiling as she sank 
further into the feeling of pure love. 
               

  Another chapter in the can, hope everyone likes it... but of course we all 
know that isn't possible.  Anyhow, comments (and the name of that pink hair 
weirdo who Ayeka's dad brought to face Tenchi) can be sent to 
redknight2k@hotmail.com. 
