Disclaimer: I of course don't own Tenchi or any of his cast.  I just own the 
perverted ideas to do this to them.  They are all property of Pioneer and AIC.  
If you're under the age of 18 or find long-winded stories of sex offensive, 
leave.  If you choose to stay I take no responsibility for anything that happens 
as a result.  So without further interruption I present Tenchi Muyo: The Clone 
Chronicles.

     "Ok, I didn't find any robes.  I did find some lab coats though." Tenchi 
said offering one of them to Washu who accepted.  Tenchi slipped into his, there 
was just one problem.  His was one of her child size coats.  The sleeves rode up 
to his elbow and the coat barely covered his privates.  "Washu you really need 
to get rid of the small clothes." Tenchi said trying to twist the tight fabric 
into a workable position.  Washu simply smiled as he continued to twist and 
turn.  "We're going to be naked again in a few minutes so just forget about it." 
Washu said losing patience.  Tenchi just sighed and opened the door.  As Washu 
stepped through she gave him a slap on his slightly exposed ass.  "HEY!  I'll 
get you for that." Tenchi said smiling.  "Promise?" Washu said flashing a smile 
that he read all to well.  "Promise." He said.  Sasami hearing their little 
exchange from the kitchen where she had finally gathered all the ingredients for 
that night's dinner decided to let them know when dinner would be ready.  "Hey, 
dinner will be..." She was cut off by the sight of Tenchi's again exposed 
backside.  Tenchi turned to quickly face her realizing why she stopped mid way 
in her announcement.  "Hey um, uh, I'll go get us some towels or something." 
Tenchi said releasing Washu's hand trying to hold the coat better in place as he 
tried to walk backwards up the stairs.  He slipped on the first step, then the 
second, then the third before he just gave up.  "To hell with it, you'll see it 
eventually." He thought as he stood and just walked up the stairs with his 
behind in the breeze.  Sasami smiled and Washu beamed a lust filled leer.  
Turning to face Sasami, Washu noticed she was alone.  "So where's yours?"  Asked 
the still smiling Washu.  "My what?  Oh him, he's at the shrine trying to 
explain this to his grandfather.  Anyway dinner will be a little late tonight 
and... Washu can I ask you something?"  Sasami said now focusing on the floor.  
"Sure."  Washu said not quite getting the shift in Sasami's gaze.  Raising her 
head from its gaze on the floor Sasami smiled with intent, it was the smile she 
smiled when she was about to ask something potentially embarrassing for the 
person in question.  "Was "it" good?" Washu's mouth fell open because she didn't 
expect that question at all.  Not from Sasami anyway. 

     "Was it good?"  Washu managed to ask the same question back at Sasami as 
she tried to gather her thoughts.  "Don't play dumb, I saw him when he came and 
got the ice and I know he wasn't making drinks in the nude."  Said Sasami whose 
smile was still in full mischief mode.  Washu figured she'd just approach this 
as she would with the others if they'd ask.  That way being in raunchy detail, 
not so much for them as it would be for her to remember it as well.  "Was "it" 
good?  It was the best thing I'd ever felt in my life!  I swear, if it weren't 
for that stupid grappler arm thing we'd still be going at "it" now.  Say, can 
you still look into people's minds?  Because I can't really put into words what 
"it" was this is something you have to see."  Washu said as she watched Sasami's 
smile turn from mischievous to nervousness.  Washu walked over to the new 
goddess and waited.  "Well I can, but I don't know if this is something I should 
use it to see, I mean, well, uh, that's..." Sasami fumbled looking for some 
reason not to do it.  Even with access to Tsunami's knowledge she couldn't think 
of a reason not to, in fact she felt something sort of pushing her into it, more 
than perverse curiosity even.  "Fine.  I'll do it, just this once." It sounded 
more upbeat than she intended but never the less she complied.  Washu didn't 
quite know why she felt the urge to put all of her thoughts into the event of 
her and Tenchi's first sexual encounter, rather than letting Sasami naturally 
seek them out, but she gave into that urge.  

     "Here goes."  Sasami placed a hand on Washu's forehead and began to 
concentrate and soon she saw it.  She watched him use the ice on Washu, heard 
her moans, and in a way felt the events happening in front of her.  Upon Washu's 
last orgasm, she pulled her hand away at the overwhelming sensation of it.  And 
if it felt that good in a dream... needless to say her own needs were starting 
to come forth.  Washu opened her eyes with a smile of anticipation and one of 
knowing she'd shocked this woman into speechlessness.  "WOW!  Umm, Washu do you 
think you can cook tonight?  I have something I need to do."  Sasami said 
slightly sweating.  Washu knew the cause and more than likely the "something" 
that would increase it.  "Hehe, I'll cook.  Go have fun and it WILL be fun if 
he's exactly like mine."  Washu said closing her eyes as fantasies rolled 
through her mind.  Sasami looked at the stairs and started blushing, which 
confused Washu when she saw it.  "Oh come on, you just watched us and didn't 
blush, but me knowing you want to do the same thing makes you go red?"  Washu 
said teasing, more than serious.  Sasami just pointed her head back at the 
stairs; Washu turned and began to turn red as well.  Tenchi was sitting there in 
his own robe with a grin.  "Comparing notes already?"  He said getting to his 
feet watching the two goddesses go from light pink to a shade of red on par with 
Washu's hair.  "How much did you hear?" Washu asked Tenchi as he walked towards 
her.  "Enough to get the picture so to speak."  Tenchi said handing her a couple 
of towels.  "I think you should go find me.  I'm bound to be getting the third 
degree from grandpa by now." Tenchi said facing the still red Sasami.  It was 
little weird to have him tell her to go and get himself, but the need to do so 
was there anyway.  Her mind told her otherwise as the image of Washu sexcapade 
with him, was being distorted into one of her and Tenchi.  "Ok." That was all 
Sasami said as she made her way through the kitchen's door.  "Now can we get 
that bath now?"  Tenchi asked Washu.  She didn't answer; instead she took hold 
of his hand and began to pull him toward the former women's only bath, former 
only to Tenchi anyway.

     Meanwhile Ryoko slowly began to wake up from one of the best naps she'd 
ever taken.  A smile danced across her mouth as she remembered the cause of the 
nap.  She was surprisingly warm considering it was a cave and how cool it was 
previously.  Ryoko then realized she was covered in his shirt, her smile grew 
brighter as she inhaled the smell laced into it, and it was pure Tenchi.  "He 
must have woke up and thought I was cold.  I love that man!"  Ryoko thought now 
grinning with a smile that would make the Cheshire cat jealous.  Tenchi turned 
in his sleep and let his arm drape over her side and unconsciously pulled her 
closer to himself.  She huddled into him so she could feel his body on every 
inch of her covered back and sighed at the warmth she felt there.  Laying there 
in the bright yet, soft light of her former tomb Ryoko let her mind wander.  
Unfortunately it didn't wander beyond her current surroundings.  "Seven hundred 
years you held me.  Seven hundred years you held me here with no one to talk to.  
Seven hundred years you held me... alone."  "As long as I'm here you'll never be 
alone again."  Ryoko phased into the ground at the shock of hearing those words, 
especially since she thought her mind was being invaded.  "You can come out 
Ryoko.  Sheesh, it's just me.  What's with all the falling through the floor?" 
Tenchi asked in a voice riddled with "I just woke up." Throat.  Ryoko eased her 
head back through the floor and his shirt and her nose was met with a quick 
kiss.  Her smile returned and she phased back into the spot beside him where she 
previously occupied.  "Tenchi, how did you know what I was thinking?"  She asked 
staring into the darkness.  He raised up onto his elbow and calmly stated, "You 
were thinking out loud.  It's easy to know that way."  Tenchi said moving a few 
hairs off her neck before lightly kissing it.  She didn't bother to question the 
sincerity of his statement; she had a deep feeling it was truth and that felt 
wonderful.

     Ryoko giggled as he kissed a sensitive part of her neck.  She rolled over 
to get a look at him; instead she was met with a face full of hair.  "This stuff 
gets more annoying everyday."  Ryoko said as she pulled her hair free from its 
tangled position under her back, but it was still wrapped around her face.  
"That's it off you go!" Ryoko formed an energy sword and was about to lop off 
the offending hair when, "Wait, how about just tying it up or something?  You 
look too cute with it to go and cut it all off." Tenchi said fully awake now.  
Ryoko let the sword fade away and smiled at Tenchi.  "Thanks to Tenchi you get 
to annoy me for another day."  Ryoko said looking at her hair.  He couldn't hold 
back his smile of how cute she looked talking to her hair.  "Think we should go 
back to the house now?  They're probably wondering where we are by now." Tenchi 
asked.  "I doubt they even know we're missing, seeing as they're all probably 
doing what we just did."  Ryoko said flashing another huge smile.  "What makes 
you think that?"  He never knew if the women thought about doing things with him 
like he thought about them and this was a prime time to "ask" without asking.  
"Your dad wasn't the only one who was watching his movies.  We'd all watch them 
from time to time, even Ayeka even though she won't admit it.  I doubt we'll 
need to watch those any more now."  Ryoko said slowly licking her lips at him.  
"It was kind of weird though when Sasami got old enough to watch.  The rest of 
us would mainly talk through the duration trying not to really think about the 
sex, but Sasami asked a question that shut us all up one night.  "Ever wonder 
what it would be like to do some of that stuff with Tenchi?"  You should have 
seen it.  All six of us around a TV in Washu's lab quiet as the sound of the 
people on screen who pounded away at each other echoed through the lab.  Hell I 
didn't need a link with them to know where all the chatter and everyone's mind 
went.  Some where that we tried to keep under wraps, because the plotting, the 
paranoia, and the all around "if she is even thinking about that I'll ring her 
neck!" atmosphere made things a lot less civil."  Ryoko had her hand bald into a 
fist apparently channeling the emotions she'd felt when those types of things 
came up.  "Anyway, enough about the fantasizing, back to reality."    

     Ryoko said pouncing onto Tenchi like she used to... well like she used to 
want to.  He just sat there and marveled at the nude woman straddling his waist.  
He was starting to regret his decision about putting his pants on now.  
Especially when Ryoko decided to play with him by stretching her arms above her 
head.  Tenchi just stared on in amazement as her breasts swayed back and forth 
right above him.  His erection had returned and now tried to claw its way into 
the warm space directly on top of it.  "Tsk Tsk.  Aren't we just a horny little 
devil?"  Ryoko said feeling the hardness beneath her.  "Well it's your fault, 
being all naked and stuff."  Tenchi whined with an impish smile.  "We'll get to 
that later cause I'm still a little sore.  But now, now we bathe."  Ryoko said 
picking up Tenchi's shirt.  Tenchi sighed as she rose to her feet, but still the 
view at least eased his frustration somewhat.  Ryoko slid his shirt on to her 
and it fit kind of like a short robe.  It stopped mid thigh and if she were to 
bend too far over she'd be exposed he thought.  "It looks a lot better on you 
than it ever did on me."  Tenchi said handing her the belt from his pants so she 
could tie the front of the shirt together.  She graciously accepted.  Ryoko then 
took her place next to or rather on Tenchi.  She floated with her head on his 
shoulder and arms around his neck as they made they're way back up the slope on 
their way out of the cave.  The smiling couple navigated the dark passageway via 
the light from his light hawk wings.  Once outside Ryoko took a look at the 
place she feared for so long and thought about the one thing that it had given 
her.  "If it weren't for this stupid cave I wouldn't have met him.  I guess it 
isn't so bad after all."  Ryoko thought silently as the cave got further away.  
"Why so quiet Ryoko?" Tenchi asked making his way through the bamboo garden.  
"No reason, just thinking."  "About what?" He asked.  "Just about how if I never 
got caught and put in that cave I wouldn't be here right now.  I think I've 
found a new appreciation for the old place."  Ryoko said as they exited the last 
of the bamboo reeds.  Walking down the stone steps of the shrine they saw Sasami 
heading up.  "Hello Sasami." The happy couple chirped out in unison.  Seeing as 
it was nightfall now Sasami didn't see them until they were almost in front of 
her on the steps.  

     "Oh hey, I have to go."  Sasami said without really looking at them.  
"Wonder what's up with her?"  Ryoko said looking over her shoulder catching the 
last glimpse of the young woman before she passed over the stairs horizon.  "I 
don't know, but if she's going to see grandpa I'm sure he can help her with what 
ever it is."  Tenchi said resuming the walk.  Ryoko accepted the explanation 
without question; it was also at this point they noticed two sleeping, or at 
least they looked sleep, people in the distance.  The moonlight highlighted them 
easily in the open away from the shrine's trees.  They had a feeling they knew 
who it was but decided to let them be seeing as it wasn't really that cold out.  
As Tenchi walked on with Ryoko still in place everything swirled and before he 
knew it he walked face first into his bedroom wall.  He heard a giant laugh from 
behind him.  Turning slowly rubbing the slight bump on his head he saw Ryoko 
floating in the air laughing her head off.  "Hehehehe, look out for that wall 
Tenchi.  HaHaHaHaHa!"  Ryoko said now floating on her back laughing 
hysterically.  She laughed so hard she didn't notice Tenchi walking toward her 
until, "Oh hey HaHaHaHaHa! No fair HaHaHaHaHa! Tickling me! HaHaHaHaHa!"  She 
started lowering out of the air and slowly landed on his bed.  "No fair 
teleporting without warning.  No you must pay your respect to the Tickle God."  
Tenchi said continuing his tickling ways.  Ryoko was trying to wiggle free, but 
her moving just made the tickling worse.  She began to tickle him instead and 
now they both tickled to see who would give first.  Ryoko started falling 
through the bed at this point, but as she continued through the bed the now in 
hysterical laughter Tenchi was going through with her.  Before they knew it they 
hit the living room floor with a thud.  "HaHaHaHa! Tenchi HaHaHaHa! Stop for a 
second. HaHaHaHa! PLEASE!"  "I win!" Tenchi shouted in glee, still not realizing 
where they were.  "Tenchi you just phased through the bed and floor!" Ryoko said 
with her eyes popped in amazement.  Tenchi looked around and realized where they 
were but figured a more logical explanation.  "You probably just teleported us 
and didn't realize it."  "No I was looking right at you as I was going through 
the bed and stuff, you were right there with me."  Tenchi again looking for the 
logic answered calmly.  "Well then you probably just pulled me through with you 
some how."  Ryoko raised an eyebrow at this.  "Remember I can't phase other 
people through stuff with me, teleporting people, no problem.  But the phasing 
thing is a no go.  And besides if I did it explain your leg."  Tenchi looked at 
his leg, or rather the only visible part of it above the floorboard.  "AAAAAAH!  
But, how did this?  When?  Who?"  Tenchi said feebly pulling at his leg.

     Ryoko took her hand and put it to his chin and pulled his attention to her 
face.  "Breathe.  Now imagine the floor is water and move your leg."  Tenchi 
looked at her smiling face and complied.  Closing his eyes he imagined the floor 
was water and that it was easily parting with his leg.  "Open your eyes."  Again 
he followed her instructions and voila, his leg was now stretched out in front 
of him.  "I think we should talk to Washu about this." Tenchi said feeling his 
leg to make sure it was all right.  "Why? It didn't hurt did it?  If not it 
could be kind of fun." Ryoko said licking her fangs seductively at him.  Tenchi 
smiled and then his expression turned to one of puzzled.  "I wonder..." Was all 
he said as he reached forward at Ryoko's chest and concentrated a little and 
watched his hand go through the shirt without disturbing a single fiber.  He 
groped her left breast, which she just beamed at.  He used to act weird touching 
her hand, but now he was freely touching her and it was her breast no less.  She 
loved his newfound comfort around her, not to mention the feeling of his hand, 
which felt like warm air.  Removing his hand Tenchi smiled at her now flushed 
face as she opened her eyes.  "I think this will definitely be fun."  Tenchi 
said looking at his once again solid hand.  "Now can we go take that bath?" 
Tenchi said standing up.  He offered his hand and Ryoko took it pulling her self 
to her feet.  "Yes, I think we shall." Upon entering they found Washu and 
himself cuddled together in each other's arms oblivious to the world around 
them.  Tenchi and Ryoko quietly undressed and slid into the hot water in front 
of the cuddling couple.  Their eyes fluttered open at the disturbance of the 
water and for the first real time that day two Tenchi were together with their 
chosen one in the same place.  Ryoko was sitting in between Tenchi's legs, 
despite his member pressing into her lower back it was comfortable.  She leaned 
back as he put his arms around her and purred in relaxation.  Washu and her 
Tenchi just watched with smiles at the two lovers holding each other.  "So I 
guess we don't have to ask how you two spent your day."  Ryoko said eyeing her 
mother and Tenchi.  They just looked up from the water and smiled.  "And I guess 
that goes for you too?"  Washu asked, Ryoko just smiled a toothy grin and didn't 
say a word.  

     The smiles were interrupted as a glow came from the wall behind Ryoko and 
Tenchi.  "I'm sure we'll have the bath to ourselves they're probably all..." 
Kiyone said backing through the portal, she stopped talking when Tenchi started 
shaking his head with a smile.  "What?"  Kiyone asked confused, turning around 
she was met with a big "Hello."  She sighed seeing as her plan for bath sex went 
out the window.  "Hey.  Room for two more?"  Kiyone said looking at all the 
glowing faces.  "Sure, the water's great." Ryoko chimed out still smiling.  Soon 
Kiyone and her Tenchi were in the water, seated much like Ryoko and Tenchi.  
They sat in silence for a while before Washu's Tenchi took the scarf that held 
her hair up off.  "Hey, what are you doing?  This stuff will weigh a ton wet."  
Washu said trying to hold as much of her hair out of the water as she could.  
Tenchi just smiled and gently guided her in front of him.  "Gimme a sec, I think 
you'll like this." He said kissing the back of her neck, her hands went limp 
with the heat of the kiss and her hair hit the water, slightly fanning out.  
Tenchi scooped hands full of water into her hair and slightly massaged her 
scalp.  "Mmmm.  I definitely like this."  Washu said sighing at his feathery 
touch and the soothing water.  He then looked at his, I guess he could call them 
brethren and gave a slight nod.  They all seemed to get the point as they soon 
began doing the same thing.  Washu opened her eyes and looked around the bath 
and noticed the Tenchi trio was doing the same thing and a question formed.  
"Hey, can you all hear each other's thoughts?"  The Tenchi all stopped at the 
same time and looked at her.  "Not really.  Consciously we can't.  We can hear 
certain things if one of us focus', but it isn't like you and Ryoko..." "We just 
hear bits and pieces if we're close enough..." "Other than that all is quiet."  
The three Tenchi answered.  The women just looked at them with curious eyes.  
"Don't look so shocked, we aren't comparing notes on you or anything." Washu's 
Tenchi said continuing to water her scalp.  He said it seriously and the women 
all sighed in unison, a little louder than they would have liked, but sighed 
none the less.  "I wonder where Mihoshi and her Tenchi are."  Kiyone said 
looking at the two Tenchi in front of her and the one watering and massaging her 
head.  "She usually calls me or something before she turns in for the night."  
"Come to think of it Ayeka has been out all day as well, not to mention Sasami 
almost running us over to get to the shrine.  Ah well, I think I may know why, 
Hehehehe."  Ryoko said giggling while grinding her behind into Tenchi's member.  
Tenchi groaned slightly as the tiny gyration caused him to go partially erect.  
Ryoko just giggled again hearing his groan and feeling his new hardness.  Soon 
the couples found themselves in silence and oddly enough sleep in the water.  
The bath never ran out of hot water so they would be warm and not to mention 
well pruned when they awoke.

     At the shrine Sasami had been pacing back and forth trying to decide how to 
ask for sex.  She hadn't kissed him and already she felt a driving need for sex.  
"I could just make him go to sleep and just do it with him then.  No, that 
wouldn't be right.  I want him to want this too.  Maybe he still thinks of me as 
a sister or something.  Damn it.  I'm seven hundred and twenty eight years old 
and my hormones decide to go crazy now!"  She thought sighing in frustration.  
Finally she had what she thought to be a good plan worked out.  She'd simply say 
the other Tenchi needed him for a second and then go from there.  Taking a few 
deep breaths she walked towards the shrine's office.  Sasami was about to knock 
when, "Ah, Sasami come in."  It was kind of creepy when he did that, she was 
used to it but still.  Sliding the door open she greeted the old man.  "Hello 
grandfather.  Uh, I was going to ask you if I could, um, well you see, I err..." 
Her lie was unraveling as he stared at her with his "I know what you're 
thinking" face as calm as usual.  Tenchi smiled inwardly as she reddened 
fumbling her words.  "I'm turning in early tonight.  I won't be attending dinner 
either and I trust I will see at least one of you for practice tomorrow." 
Katsuhito said looking at Tenchi.  "Hopefully." Tenchi said staring into his 
tea.  The old man stifled a laugh before exiting into the shrine's bedroom.  
Sasami sighed a sigh of relief at not having to come up with an excuse to get 
her boyfriend back. She was still standing there; looking at the floor so much 
so she didn't notice Tenchi had stood and walked to stand beside her.  "What's 
wrong Sasami?"  She jumped a little when she realized where he was; she didn't 
have her hair to twirl any more seeing as it flowed down her back, so instead 
she clutched the sides of her robe when she was nervous.  "Can we go out side 
and talk?"  She said looking back and forth between his face and the floor.  
Tenchi simply nodded and slid the door open and waited for her to exit.  Once in 
the night air they stood in silence.  Sasami couldn't seem to face him, even 
though he was right beside her.  "Please tell me what's wrong, I can't try to do 
anything about it if you don't tell me."  He said placing a hand on her 
shoulder.  Again she tensed up, but some how the touch was helping to calm her 
nerves.  "Tenchi, I want, well I want you to want to too.  But I was wondering, 
we never exactly um, what I'm trying to say is..." She still didn't know how put 
it without sounding or looking pitiful. 

     He took notice of her word fumbling and how she constantly turned red when 
she started to ask or say what ever it was she couldn't express.  He couldn't 
explain his next action and he prayed it would be the right one.  Tenchi slowly 
turned the still down trodden princess/goddess around; she still tried to stare 
a hole through the porch of the shrine.  Taking his hand he placed it on her 
chin and lifted her head to meet his gaze, then he simply lowered his head and 
kissed her softly.  Effectively her head swam in a whirl of emotions.  A lot she 
didn't understand but one was definitely familiar, it was happiness.  She let 
out a moan and Tenchi froze thinking perhaps this was the wrong thing to do, 
pulling away from her mouth he saw her face puckered as if the kiss were still 
continuing.  He knew it was right and so he resumed.  She considered finally 
having him to be the greatest moment in her life, but this kiss was surpassing 
it infinitely.  Tenchi had unwittingly tilted his head back up while in the kiss 
causing Sasami to not only stand on her tiptoes, but lean forward to stay in 
this blissful event.  Her toes finally had enough and her body fell against him 
breaking the kiss.  "Is that what you were trying to ask me about?"  Tenchi said 
smiling down at the flushed face woman in his arms.  She just gave a quick nod 
and returned the hug and held it for a while.  "You don't have to ask to kiss me 
you know.  So if the spirit moves you to kiss me, kiss me.  Ok?"  Tenchi said 
breaking the happy silence.  Sasami just looked up at him with an unreadable 
expression.  Without warning she kissed him.  Sasami remembered seeing something 
about using your tongue during a kiss, she however didn't know if Tenchi would 
go for it.  She slowly parted her lips and to her shock met his tongue half way.  
It was weird having her tongue being gently sucked on, but it was also strangely 
arousing.  If things weren't strange enough, they were about to get a lot 
stranger when she heard a long silent voice.  "Sasami?" Came a voice from deep 
within her.  "Can you hear me?"  The voice asked getting louder.  "Yeah, Tsunami 
is that you?"  "Yes."  "I don't want to seem rude but this is a really bad 
time."  Sasami mentally said, in effect to herself.  "I know but I, I wanted to 
know.  I wanted to know if I could, maybe, experience this with you."  Sasami 
was confused; she was focusing on this kiss and on the voice in her head.  "What 
do you mean?  You can see what's going on right now."  "I know, what I meant was 
share the feeling of this with you as well.  I know it's your first time with 
him, so I can understand if you decline this request, but please at least think 
about it."  

     Sasami had never really heard any kind of emotion in Tsunami's voice, least 
of all sadness.  But the sadness in her words started to grow clearer as some of 
Tsunami's memories flooded Sasami's mind.  Sasami knew Tsunami played a big role 
in Tenchi's being.  Basically she'd broken a lot of rules to have him be her 
ideal person.  She affected which genes and DNA material went into him, she 
tailor made him from the cell up.  Well she acted outside of the normal laws of 
nature, by making sure the best of his parents' genetic material went into him.  
He was predestined to be the emperor of Jurai and all; she just wanted to make 
sure he would be the best he could be at it.  There were just two problems with 
her creation; she started to fall in love with the image of the man he would 
become.  The second is he wasn't to be born for another ten or so thousand 
years.  Ten thousand years in her book was relatively short, so she decided she 
would leave the plane where gods exist and try what her sister accomplished.  
Tsunami tried to find someone to assimilate with.  Washu had assimilated with a 
young girl who unfortunately had no memory of her past and the infliction 
carried over into Washu as well.  Washu kept her vast knowledge of everything 
except about what she truly was, of course her memory was returning in bits and 
pieces but for the most part she was oblivious.  Anyway, Tsunami figured she'd 
assimilate with a young woman on Jurai, seeing as the guy she created would rule 
there.  It seemed only fitting to merge with someone there.  She thought it a 
little selfish to just body snatch someone, but for some reason it seemed right 
to do it for him.  Seeing as gods are more so energy and infinite space she had 
to hold a part of herself off the physical plane.  She knew if she showed her 
true form a lot of people and possibly galaxies would die do to the massive 
energy release.  It also required a lot of focus to keep the power in check and 
that focus was fading quickly as more of her real self bled into the physical 
plane.  Panicking slightly Tsunami found a young woman sleeping against a tree 
as she flew towards her an interesting thing happened, the girl fell over and 
Tsunami flew head long into the tree.  And by headlong she merged with the tree 
instead of the girl.  She couldn't stop the rush of power and before long it was 
complete, instead of peacefully waiting for the time the young man would arrive 
in the girl's body, she was forced to sit idly by connected with a tree.  For 
years she sat by watching.

     Tsunami had always known Jurai was bound for greatness, but what she didn't 
know was that it was her being in that tree that made it so.  Some old timer had 
stopped under one of her branches to shield himself from the rain one day, he 
let some of the rainwater fall from her leaves into his mouth when the 
unthinkable happened, he suddenly un-aged.  From there the man spread the word 
and people gathered around her eating the leaves or placing them in drinks.  And 
if that wasn't enough, the seeds her tree produced gave birth to new life giving 
trees.  They could only sustain one person per tree, but never the less the 
trees prolonged life.  Sasami watched as the royal family basically took control 
of all the trees.  With Jurians out living most races they quickly became 
technologically superior and they found if the trees were to stay unrooted and 
had a flow of water running through their roots the water would ensure the 
drinker unknown years of youth.  The image of the royal family planting the 
trees in special planters in main waterways around the planet pleased Sasami.  
She inwardly sighed thinking that at least her family wasn't as mean as she 
heard.  From there Sasami started seeing images she recognized.  Her almost 
lifeless body being given a second chance at life thanks to Tsunami in a sense, 
giving up her own.  Tenchi being killed and then brought back to life by herself 
and Tsunami.  But quite a few images flashed that she had never seen before 
involving Tenchi.  They were mainly of him sleeping or training, Ryoko was there 
while he slept she noticed, but it appeared as though Ryoko didn't know someone 
else was there.  The voice began to speak again the same sadness echoing 
throughout its melodic register.  "Pretty pathetic isn't it?"  Tsunami said 
through a slight, but obviously forced laugh.  Sasami could feel the hurt in 
herself, or was it Tsunami's self?  She got slightly confused trying to sort out 
whose pain was whose.  "No, it's not pathetic."  Sasami said quietly.  "I don't 
understand something though Tsunami, you were able to leave the tree and merge 
with me.  Why didn't you just do it with someone else who was close by?"  All 
the time they had been together Sasami never once thought to ask this question, 
but now it just seemed right.  "In order for me to assimilate with someone they 
have to be willing, well they have to be to avoid serious injury.  Most people I 
attempted to merge with panicked. They thought the water was driving them mad.  
Add to that once your family put me in that garden no one ever really came 
around.  But when you fell I asked you and you didn't seem frightened at all.  
You probably didn't know what you were agreeing to and I probably shouldn't have 
taken advantage of you like that."

     While Sasami's only real image of Tsunami came in the form of her older 
self, she was pretty sure what ever Tsunami's true image looked like was crying 
now.  "It's ok, It's not like you locked away my real feelings and made me want 
Tenchi... did you?"  She had to know because beyond her own emotions she felt a 
giant well of force.  It was big enough at times to persuade her actions, all 
though the only time it persuaded them was when it was in her best interest.  
She wasn't sure if it was in affect now and she had to know if this was real or 
if she was simply being puppeted into loving Tenchi.  "NO!  I swear I didn't do 
that!"  The voice would have been earth shaking if it weren't housed in her 
head.  "I wouldn't do that to you.  I just hoped you'd find your way to him some 
how, I always hoped, but I never interfered with your feelings."  The voice 
known as Tsunami croaked out.  Sasami listened in awe at the sound of this 
woman, if she could even call her that, cry.  She didn't like hearing people 
cry, especially via something she did and the sound of this Supreme Being's 
wails hurt her deeply.  For Tenchi the kiss had only existed mere moments, but 
inside his girlfriend a long conversation continued on that he had no concept 
of.  "Tsunami, please stop crying.  I'm sorry for thinking you might have forced 
me into this, but please stop crying."  Sasami was almost in tears at this point 
her self; the in human sobs of her counter part made her feel horrible.  She 
heard the last of Tsunami's cries stop and they stopped with a laugh.  "Ha, Love 
I swear if this is a joke I'll get you for this."  Sasami didn't quite 
understand what she meant by that, but as soon as she formed the question to 
better understand it she heard a new voice.  "It's not a joke any more.  My joke 
had been to make you realize you need me just as much as ordinaries do.  Not 
only was I right, but you needed me more."  

     The voice Sasami would soon recognized as Love finished.  She always 
thought of love as a feeling not something that had it's own god to control it 
and who got to experience it.  "So you just get to pick who gets love and who 
doesn't?  That's not fair."  Sasami said to the visiting voice.  "I don't pick 
anything.  To put it in terms you can grasp, I simply construct the bridge of 
love between people, it's their choice to walk my road or not.  I don't control 
how far out on the bridge they walk I simply build it.  I build as long as they 
walk and Tsunami chose to keep walking further out onto the bridge despite all 
the obstacles.  I only intended for her to get a glimpse of what she was missing 
out on, however I didn't know she would take off full speed on the road like 
this.  She simply went too far and at this point I can't undo her emotions like 
normal beings, so this is how she will feel pretty much forever.  Unfortunately 
her road never meets up with the person she hopes for, for he walks a different 
road.  Tsunami was fully aware of the risks she ran advancing her feelings like 
that, so it's not fair to blame me for her decision."  Love finished with an 
almost condescending tone.  Sasami felt even lower hearing that Tsunami in 
affect had no shot with Tenchi, but her lowest came when Tsunami began to wail 
again.  This time knowing full well the truth she didn't want to accept.  Doomed 
to spend who knew how many years or possibly forever only able to watch Sasami 
and him living happy lives, well partially.  She knew Sasami's big heart would 
still feel sorrow for her and bringing the girl any more pain hurt her more.  
Sasami imagined two bridges parallel to one another continuing straight ahead.  
On one bridge her and Tenchi walked arm in arm, on the other the only image she 
had of Tsunami, her adult self walked alone staring at the couple with teary-
eyed envy.  It just wasn't fair.  Tsunami had got her this far and now she was 
just going to be set adrift and forced to watch someone else reap the benefits 
of her hard work, even if the reaper was her self it just wasn't fair.  "Sasami, 
I will give you this choice.  Do you know for certain that you could share your 
love of Tenchi with another?  The decision is in your hands alone."  

     Sasami took quick notice at Tsunami's sudden silence and thought.  Then 
again how do you think inside a thought?  "Will I still be able to feel things, 
I mean I won't just be locked in some little corner of my mind will I?"  "No."  
Love said sounding a bit impatient.  "So who'll be in control?"  "You'll both 
be.  Everything one of you feels, the other will feel as well.  Your body and 
your emotions will feel everything twice over."  Sasami thought maybe she should 
ask Tenchi about this, but figured and hoped since it was still her he'd be ok 
with it.  "I only have one other question then."  "Fine, out with it."  Love 
said sounding annoyed at this point.  "Tsunami?"  Sasami asked to make sure the 
goddess was still listening.  "Yes?" was all Tsunami could mumble forth.  "Do 
you like to cook?"  Sasami imagined the expression on the goddess' face, but 
seeing again only her own she knew the look quite well.  "I'LL LEARN TO LIKE 
IT!"  The voice boomed and made Sasami physically shake not enough to be noticed 
by Tenchi however.  "Very few have walked this road long or risked walking it at 
all.  I will ask this once more, are you sure you can handle sharing him?"  
"Yes." Sasami said before his last syllable was even finished.

     Sasami heard a faint whisper of "It's done." She felt a weird kind of 
tingling in her head.  Tsunami on the other hand wasn't feeling much of anything 
and thought that maybe nothing happened.  Then it clicked; a feel of something 
pressing together on their collective lips caused them to moan out.  Tenchi 
hearing this immediately stopped.  "Something wrong?"  Tenchi asked massaging 
his lips together trying to get the feeling back into them.  Slowly Sasami (or 
should it be Tsunami now?) Opened their eyes, the moon was high in the sky at 
this point and the reflection shown magnificently in them.  She still didn't 
speak; Tenchi stared into the eyes, but they weren't the eyes he knew.  These 
eyes were a deeper shade of pink and they held more depth than his Sasami's.  
"Tsunami?"  He said releasing her hips from his grasp, slightly backing up as 
well.  "Yes and no."  Came the reply.  Her voice seemed to echo within itself.  
"Where is Sasami?"  Slightly panicked Tenchi asked wondering if the goddess had 
flipped or something.  "I'm here too, we both are."  He didn't know how to 
respond to that really, he thought they became one being, not two beings under 
one body.  "What's going on, why are you both "here"?"  The bewildered Tenchi 
asked looking at her as if he expected to see a second head spring forth from 
her.  "This isn't going to be as easy as we hoped is it?"  Sasami asked the twin 
image of herself mentally.  "No, but hopefully he loves you enough to get past 
this."  "And if he doesn't?" "We're both screwed."  Tsunami said the last words 
hoping he loved Sasami enough to accept this and possibly grow to love her as 
well.  "If he doesn't agree with this, I am sorry for ruining this all for you 
Sasami."  "Don't worry, if he doesn't, at least I got one heck of a kiss out of 
it."  The two giggled inwardly in the face of impending rejection.  

     "Tenchi, do you remember when I told you I "made" you that day on the 
ship?"  The dual tone voice said.  "Yes, but what does that have to do with you 
being here now?"  Tenchi said still slightly panicked.  "Really Tenchi, give her 
a chance to explain."  A voice he definitely knew was Sasami spat at him.  "I 
didn't tell you the whole reason I did that.  I did do it for Jurai, but I also 
did it for myself.  I got so wrapped up in you... until I eventually grew to 
love you."  The once again dual toned voice of Tsunami said.  "How?  Can gods 
really love or feel anything?"  Tenchi had his set thought pattern on gods, they 
were beyond petty human emotion, but this admission was putting that little fact 
of his to the test.  "Generally no.  All emotions are left dormant and we can't 
even possess love to leave it dormant.  It's too powerful a force and the 
others; well they tend to complicate things.  And with all the lives we have to 
protect and look out for, we can't afford the luxury.  But if asked Love will 
grant us the ability to do so."  "What do you mean if "Love" is asked to?"  
Tenchi asked with a raised eyebrow.  "When asked certain gods can bestow their 
powers on another."  Tsunami said waiting for more questions.  "I see.  So you 
asked to be in love with me?"  Tenchi said feeling confidence in a having a god 
specifically ask to love him.  "No.  I didn't ask to feel it at all.  Love 
bestowed it on me in an attempt to show me love wasn't as petty as I once 
claimed.  He didn't take into account how much I needed it.  It felt wonderful 
to experience it and that was before it was even focused.  I just loved the 
feeling of feeling something.  Then I took focus on you and the feeling grew, 
and it wouldn't stop growing.  Before long I reached a point in loving you that 
even Love couldn't stop."  Tsunami looked at his expression; it was one of 
amazement, but also one of sadness.  "Great, I finally make the six of them 
happy, now I screw up a goddess.  What the hell is it about me?  She made it 
possible for me to be who I am and she's even affected.  This has to go beyond 
even her."  Tenchi thought looking at his girlfriend and her otherworldly half, 
staring back at him.  "So does this mean Sasami actually doesn't love me and 
she's just in this because of you?"  Tenchi asked as he found himself on the 
receiving end of his once amazed/sad gaze.  Tsunami and Sasami answered in 
unison with "NO!"  They screamed their response loud enough that some sleeping 
birds flapped awake and flew off into the night air.  "I wouldn't have done that 
even if she didn't fall in love with you.  Sure it would have been hard but at 
least she would be close to you so I could've saw you, despite not being with 
you that would have been enough.  Tenchi do you think you could still be with me 
despite all this?"  The last question was asked in the body's original voice.  
He figured they must not be able to split apart, if that were the case he could 
possibly grow to love Tsunami and possibly gain another wing allowing him to 
split himself once more.  As it stood that option wasn't available, it would 
take a little time to adjust to this, but it could be done.  "Tenchi?"  The two 
called out to him again; it was obvious his silence was unnerving the both of 
them.  

     Tenchi took a step forward closing the small gap between them.  He still 
didn't answer and his expression left much to be desired.  The mere inches left 
between them let Tsunami and Sasami know just how right Love had been about the 
dual feelings, the physical urge towards him and his body being amplified twice 
over was driving them almost to the point of insanity.  They knew they could 
easily over power him, but that aspect would certainly lead to being left alone.  
They fought the urge and absent-mindedly clutched their robe.  Tenchi stared at 
the woman in front of him, "This is going to be weird, who ever or what ever you 
are, I hope I'm worth all this."  He thought with a light smile.  Tenchi lowered 
his head until it rested on their forehead.  They were definitely fighting the 
urge now, this simple contact was becoming unbearable and his not confirming or 
rejecting this offer left them in a sort of limbo.  "So, what do I call you 
now?" Tenchi said kissing them before they could answer.  They could only moan 
as the heavenly kiss returned.  Sasami had a sampling of it earlier, but with 
Tsunami's feelings incorporated with it, the kiss became sort of foreplay in 
itself.  Tsunami on the other hand was new to this; she'd never experienced 
anything like it.  She knew of sex and its supposed joyous feeling, but she had 
yet to ever deal in it.  Tenchi slowly inched his tongue out of his mouth; 
Tsunami's instinct to keep her mouth shut was inched away with reassurance from 
Sasami.  "Don't resist, it's fun."  Sasami opened their mouth and slowly let 
their tongue dance with Tenchi's.  Tsunami started to feel the arousal from this 
simple action and it kept growing until, well she didn't know where it was going 
but it was feeling incredible.  "Mmmmphf!  Mmmm!"  Was the only thing they could 
verbalize while locked in the kiss.  Tenchi backed off as they wilted against 
him shuddering.  Tsunami had never felt anything like that, but she immediately 
loved it.  "Tsunami, did you feel that?"  Sasami asked mentally gasping.  "Yeah, 
was that what they call an orgasm?"  The befuddled goddess asked.  "Yep, but it 
gets BETTER!  Remember Washu?  I bet it feels even better than that!"  Sasami 
was internally giggling, seeing as Tsunami had physical control at the moment 
she was blank in appearance just leaning against him.  "Are you two ok?" Tenchi 
asked seeing as her grip was a little tight.  "Yeah we're ok Tenchi."  Sasami's 
voice rang out in lead harmony from the dual tone.

     "Sasami, what do we do now?"  Tsunami asked not sure how to go about 
quenching the desire they felt.  She of course knew how, she just didn't know 
how to get him to help so to speak.  "I have an idea, could you take us to the 
ship?"  Sasami said with an upbeat to her voice.  "Ok, but I don't quite 
understand."  "Tenchi, hold on to us."  He followed suit with the command and 
before he could question why, they kissed him again.  Through his closed eyes he 
saw a bright light, once it faded he opened his eyes to see a place he hadn't 
seen in years, the bridge of the Tsunami.  Tenchi leaned back to a fully 
standing position and was surprised as they stood on their tiptoes to stay in 
the kiss.  Tenchi took them by the hips and picked them up with relative ease 
and sat them down at arm's length breaking the kiss.  "Why'd you bring us here?" 
Tenchi asked smiling at how she still blushed after kissing him.  "You remember 
when Kagato, for lack of a better term, blew you up?"  Tenchi thought back and 
remembered that day clearly, needless to say remembering his own death wasn't 
one of Tenchi's favorite hobbies.  "Yes, I'll never forget it."  His appearance 
a cross between anger and nausea as he said that.  "Well forget that part, 
remember when we brought you back and had you on the ship?"  They asked, 
realizing his death wasn't something that would help their situation progress.  
"Yes, but I still don't see where this is going."  He said confused at this 
point.  "There was something we wanted to ask you that day."  They took a deep 
breath to make sure they asked without any word fumbling, stuttering, or 
stammering.  Tenchi had an idea, but he didn't think they'd ask.  "I told her 
she didn't have to ask to kiss me, what would make her think she'd have to ask 
me to make love to her, damn I mean them."  Tenchi thought waiting for the 
question.  "Let's hear it."  He said with a playful tone.  "Sasami, do you think 
he knows?" "I don't know.  He and his grandfather have this freaky ability to 
pick up on what people are thinking.  He doesn't have that smile he usually has 
before he does it, still I'm not sure."  The two thought.  "The question is 
would you like to... do you think you could possibly... would you mind..." 
Tenchi took notice at the constant lead voice changes, it was almost as if they 
were handing control back and forth between themselves trying to get the other 
one to say it.  "Say it Sasami, come on it's your body." Tsunami mentally said 
to the young woman.  "Oh no you don't, I got us the kiss, you get us this.  You 
asked for this, don't think you get to just be around for the good, you're going 
to have to take some bad too."  Sasami retorted.  

     As their internal argument continued Tenchi swallowed the lump in his 
throat and again hoped for the best as he prepared to take action.  With a 
single step closing the distance between them Tenchi managed to get closer to 
them without being noticed.  "I wonder what's with that, she's looking right at 
me, but it doesn't seem like she's looking at me at all."  Tenchi thought as he 
was now holding onto the collective's waist.  The two continued bickering, even 
as he started undoing buttons of the robe.  "They have to know I'm here.  I get 
it this must be some kind of game or something."  Tenchi thought smiling as he 
unbuttoned the last button.  They were completely naked and yet Tenchi had yet 
to get any response out of the two.  "Ok, if I do this and they don't say 
anything I'll simply make love to them until they do." He thought.  "Fine 
Sasami, I'll ask.  He probably thinks we're sleep or something by now."  As they 
came out of the trance like state they were met with Tenchi's lips firmly 
wrapped around their left nipple.  "AAAAAAAH!"  The duo rang out in tandem.  
Tenchi exhaled glad to at least hear something, even if it was a scream.  
"Tenchi, what, what are you doing?"  They gasped out.  "Damn, I'm guessing this 
wasn't what they were going to ask me, oh shit."  Despite the long hours and 
hard work Tenchi put in with his grandfather, there was one aspect of the 
training he was starting to appreciate, "Never let them know what you're 
feeling."  He'd learned to hide his true emotions well and it was a good thing 
too, because the embarrassment he was feeling right now with their nipple in his 
mouth would have caused a nosebleed followed by a seizure if he let the emotion 
show.  Tenchi eased away from the breast, he noticed they sighed and that eased 
his discomfort some.  "I guess that meant he knew." Tsunami said to Sasami.  
"Yep." Was all Sasami could say as the sensation was still playing with her 
mind.  "Hehe, that is what you were trying to ask me right?"  Tenchi said with a 
half smile, it didn't allude to the pure panic he was feeling thankfully.  
Sasami's voice rang out in lead with a look of, well Tenchi couldn't place the 
look but it let him know his choice was wrong.  "We were planning to ask you if 
you wanted to see any of the planets up close, but I guess you had other things 
on your "mind"."  "WHAT?  Come on Sasami, you know that isn't the truth, I, no 
WE need this!"  Tsunami shouted mentally.  "Hehe, I know.  I just like how cute 
he looks when he panics."  

     "Oh god, I'm sorry!  I didn't, well I thought I did, but obviously I didn't 
know!" Tenchi said, his control broke at hearing he was wrong and what that 
wrong could have escalated into.  "Oh, man, oh man.  What if they didn't start 
moving then?  What if I had kept going, AH FUCK!  Stupid, stupid, that's it no 
more "psychic" Tenchi crap from here on in!"  He thought visible shaking.  He 
picked up the robe and tried to put it back around them, silently berating 
himself.  He didn't even try for the buttons and he backed as far away from them 
as possible.  "Uh, I don't think that's the cute panic you meant is it?  That's 
the "I almost did something heinous to someone I love" face if I'm not 
mistaken."  Tsunami said to her counterpart as they watched him stand silent, 
staring at his feet with a look of hatred etched into his face.  They knew it 
wasn't towards them and Sasami especially knew.  "Oh boy, that didn't go how I 
thought." Sasami said to the goddess.  "Nope, and I'm guessing he's thinking the 
same thing.  Then again, he's probably thinking something far worse."  Tsunami 
said looking across at him.  "We better go fix this, me and my silly joke."  
Sasami sighed.  "We?  I don't think so; I was perfectly happy with him where he 
was.  YOU have to fix this."  Tsunami told her.  "Fine."  Sasami mumbled 
verbally as she let the robe hit the ground walking towards Tenchi.  He had 
placed himself in one of the dark corners of the ship's bridge, the only light 
in that area being the glow from Earth.  The spectacular view didn't ease his 
conscience any as his stupidity loomed ever vigil over him.  He didn't think he 
could ever face them let alone talk to them after that.  "Wow!  Aren't you just 
brimming with good ideas?  Let's see, first you take it upon yourself to kiss 
her without asking.  Even though it was right, you still didn't ask.  And second 
you take it upon yourself to not only strip them, but get a quick suckle in, 
WITHOUT ASKING!  I guess the next plan will be to jump out of an airlock and 
float in space naked.  Way to go Tenchi!  Whoo hoo!  You are the coolest guy 
EVER!"  The sarcasm was so thick in his thoughts he was shocked it didn't break 
off and form its own being.  He placed his hands on the windowsill and peered 
into the blue ball in front of him and sighed looking at his reflection in the 
window.  Tenchi just let his head drop hard against the cool glass.  He was 
prepared to drop it again when he saw a face highlighted by two pink eyes 
staring back at him.  Even in reflection he couldn't face them and his head 
quickly found its place against the glass again.  

     "Sas... Tsu... Look you two I'm very sorry for that.  I had no right to do 
that regardless of what I thought you wanted."  He waited with hope that they 
would say something, they didn't.  "I swear I'll never try to second guess you 
again if you can forgive me for this."  Tenchi pleaded removing his forehead 
from the glass to see maybe at least a facial expression that he could hold onto 
for some kind of hope.  He once again didn't get this, noticing the face was 
gone.  "I would have left me to... ooh?"  His thought hung up when he felt them 
put their arms around his stomach.  The two lay naked pressed against his back, 
hands at play on his stomach and chest.  "Tenchi, it's ok.  We didn't mind.  It 
was my fault any..." "What the hell do you mean your fault?  I was the prick who 
did it!  You were just standing there, I took it upon myself to do all that, and 
I'll be damned if you think it was your fault!"  Tenchi said feeling the 
overwhelming guilt of what could have happened and now the knowledge they or she 
thought it was her fault just made his hatred of himself grow.  "We didn't mind 
that, even if you had kept going we wouldn't have been upset.  And what I meant 
about it being my fault is you feeling like this.  Tsunami wanted to continue 
but I like the way you look all jumpy, so I made up the bogus trip thing.  I'm 
sorry."  The voice finished with Sasami's in front.  They felt his muscles 
slightly loosen up with those words.  "Besides, it's not like we couldn't stop 
you if you had kept going and we didn't want to."  Sasami said with a giggle 
squeezing his ribs with a strength that he forgot about.  "OW! OK, OK!  I GET 
IT!"  He said struggling to breathe at this point.  "How about this, we only say 
what we want and by say I mean ask.  No more second guessing or little games.  
Does that sound ok?"  Tenchi said starting to enjoy their hands emphatic 
roaming.  "That sounds fine, now can we get back to where you were?"  Tsunami's 
voice sounded as it came to the forefront of the dual tone.  Tenchi finally 
gathered himself enough to turn around and the sight of her body highlighted by 
the glow of earth was amazing.  He leaned back to take in the full view of the 
still nude woman in front of him as she seamed to glow.  "It's amazing how well 
her kimonos and robes hide the true size of her chest."  He thought.  "Now he's 
doing the blank stare thing, hehe."  Tsunami said to Sasami who returned the 
laugh.  Guilt, pain, and embarrassment seemed to drain from Tenchi's reality as 
phallic mind slowly consumed control of his actions.

     "Are you going to stare all day?"  They said having enough of the wide-eyed 
gazing.  Tenchi slowly nodded his head in yes.  "Uh, no.  I mean yes.  I can't 
really think right now."  Tenchi said that literally pushing his eyes shut and 
slowly shaking his head back and forth.  They took his hand and slowly pulled 
him away from the window back to the fully lit portion of the ship.  "Come with 
us."  They said pulling toward the tree of the tree-ship.  Phallic self 
continued to move his legs where ever the nude form commanded, before long they 
were in a rather large bedroom.  The bright light made what was already 
perfection in his severely clouded mind, something that words just didn't do 
justice.  At this point even phallic self couldn't do anything other than 
struggle to be free of its confinement.  "I think something's wrong with him 
Sasami.  He's not moving."  The goddess said as they walked around the statue 
still Tenchi.  "Hehe, he's fine.  And part of him is moving."  Sasami finished.  
"Oh my! Sasami you have to do most of this cause I don't know how or what to do 
here."  Tsunami said flustered staring at the twitching mass in Tenchi's pants.  
"Sheesh, didn't you watch any of those movies?  Its not like I know what to do 
either you know."  Sasami said with astonishment on the goddess' admission of 
naivete.  "I didn't feel to comfortable watching that, so I sort of quit 
looking.  Let's just get this over with."  Tsunami said with an air of 
frustration.  "You don't have to say it like it's the end of the world or 
something."  Sasami said at her cohorts bringing down the mood.   Coming to a 
stop in front of the still statuesque Tenchi the duo slowly undid his training 
shirt from its tucked place in his pants.  "It's weird he looks a lot better in 
the flesh than the image I had planned out."  Tsunami said as they ran their 
fingers over his well-muscled stomach and chest.  Sasami was entranced at this 
small look at him; she'd seen him shirtless before and the effect never changed.  
First the sweating, second the speechlessness, and third all out sexual lusting.  
Everything was in order, except instead of finding some where quiet to go 
relieve herself, she could relieve it with him.  Tenchi noticing the blushing 
had returned felt a small twinge of ego return, he had some control in the 
situation at least as he felt their hand slightly shake as it touched him now.  
Tsunami decided to let the hand explore a little more and slowly let it track 
down his stomach, upon reaching the small knot she simply untied it and watched 
his pants slide to the floor.  

     Now it was their turn to lose complete thought, they just stared at 
Tenchi's manhood only separated from them by the cloth of his boxers.  Tenchi 
had never really given much thought to his size, other than when it grew over 
night.  So he simply dropped the last of his visible clothing seeing as he 
didn't want them to be the only ones naked.  Tenchi smiled inwardly as they both 
inhaled sharply.  "Did you really have to make it that big Tsunami?  I mean 
there's no way we can get all that to fit can we?"  Sasami said.  "It didn't 
seem like it would be that big when I was doing it.  Let's just see what 
happens."  Tsunami said returning her gaze to the fruits of her labor.  Tenchi 
walked up the few stairs the bed was surrounded by before asking his next 
question.  "Coming?"  He said offering his hand back to the blushing duo.  They 
didn't speak they just took his hand and tried to climb the stairs.  Tried 
meaning they tripped and collided with him.  "So-sorry." They fumbled forth.  He 
just used his other hand to pick them up to the top step.  Once again the 
doubled sensation came into play as their erect nipples scratched across his 
chest.  "Ooh!" They squealed as the pleasure of it filled them.  "Want me to 
start where I left off?"  He said looking at them slightly shudder.  "YES!"  
They said it so loud it was kind of scary he thought.  Tenchi gently kissed 
them, from their he figured he'd work his way down.  To his surprise he once 
again had trouble getting them to relinquish the kiss.  Taking his hand, he slid 
it gingerly over the flare of their hips and let it stop in between their legs.  
Slowly he began to work his fingers into the folds of moist flesh there.  "MMMM! 
HMMM! MMMMMMM!"  Were all they could work out while still locked in the kiss.  
Tenchi continued working his fingers back and forth on the women soliciting more 
moans and all around screams from them.  Their moans were quickly exciting 
Tenchi's senses into auto drive, he slid two of his fingers into the moaning 
pair and the response from this small stimuli in his book, garnered a moan from 
them that rattled his brain.  "TEEEEEEENCHI!  AAAAAAAAH!" With that the kiss was 
broken at the shear force of the double strength orgasm.  They arched back as 
Tenchi continued to pump his fingers furiously, their cries of ecstasy driving 
him to give more.  

     But his pleasurable torture wasn't over.  Tenchi took the separation from 
their lips to return his attention to the long forgotten left breast.  "OOOH! 
GAAAAAWD!  TEEEEEENCHIIIII!"  Were the last understandable words the two said as 
his tongue and fingers worked them into orgasm after mind-altering orgasm.  The 
rest of their words, at least he figured they were words, came in sounds he had 
never heard before.  It had been quite a while since they started and their 
orgasms appeared to have no end in sight and he wasn't sure if they could take 
any more, not to mention he wasn't getting anything out of this.  He slowed his 
actions, slower, slower, and finally he stopped.  The tandem was arched almost 
like a giant letter C and when he finally stopped his motions they raised 
slowly, bones popping and all back to a standing position.  They didn't stand 
long, for when Tenchi released them they fell forward catching him off guard and 
toppling them all to the bed.  Tsunami and Sasami could only lie on him; the 
effects of their workout weighed heavily on them, they were enjoying the 
blissful fatigue so much so they didn't bother to instantly recover from it.  
"Tenchi."  Was all the duo could say breathing heavily upon his chest.  Tenchi 
just smiled as he moved a few hairs from their sweat-covered forehead.  "Thank 
you Sasami."  Tsunami said experiencing her first real healthy dose of humanity.  
"No need, thank you.  I'd be dead now if it weren't for you.  So I owe this all 
to you."  Sasami said to the goddess.  Tenchi wasn't quite as hard any more, so 
his half-erect member lay gently against the pair's bottom.  Sasami was suddenly 
a lot less nervous about the whole situation and her adventurous side was 
starting to come forth.  Taking control she slowly pushed off Tenchi's chest, 
they didn't stay off it long.  Sasami slowly began to kiss and lick around 
Tenchi's nipples, imitating his previous motions.  Tenchi was only able to moan 
in face of the sensation.  He didn't know it worked both ways.  The two smiled 
as they continued to stimulate him, they took notice again as his full hardness 
returned and slightly twitched against their rear.  It was at this point that a 
particular aspect of his father's movies began to inspire Sasami.  She didn't 
know why but the thought of having his hardness in her mouth excited her.  
Releasing his nipple, she made a straight shot for his dick.  "Hey where are 
you... Ooh!"  Tenchi's question answered itself as he felt the wet warmth in 
close around his member.  "Sasami, what are you doing?"  Tsunami questioned 
mentally, while adjusting to the weird feeling of his phallus invading her 
mouth.  "Something I saw a few times, I just have to do this at least once, 
hehe.  Besides I think he likes it."  Sasami finished letting their eyes float 
up to Tenchi's face; he was all smiles and a very nice shade of red.  He was 
digging into the sheets trying to fight the urge to force himself deeper into 
their mouth.  Unconsciously he began to thrust his hips forward in time with her 
down stroke and the added sensation was starting to do him in.  "Sas... Tsu... 
YOU TWO AH! BETTER YEEES! STOP!"  Tenchi managed to call forth from clenched 
teeth and eyes.  "I think we better stop Sasami, although it was starting to get 
fun."  Tsunami said looking at him.  "Not yet, I want to see what happens if we 
keep going."  Sasami said letting curiosity get the better over her.  Tsunami 
was already lost in the job at hand to even hear what Sasami said.

     Tenchi realized they weren't going to move in time and decided to use his 
hands to remove them... or so he thought.  Instead of pulling their head away he 
found his hands pushing down.  This seemed to inspire who ever was in control, 
because he felt the suction get tighter and this spelled the end for his will 
power.  "AH HA! FUCK! UH! UH!  OH GOD!"  Tenchi cried out arching himself 
further into the duo's mouth emptying load after white-hot load into them.  
"Sasami you could have at least told me about this!  Although, it doesn't taste 
that bad."  Tsunami said using her half of things to get better aquainted with 
the taste.  Sasami just laughed in response and kept sucking as his cries turned 
into moans and heavy breathing.  Tenchi finally regained control of his senses 
and opened his eyes to get a look at the pair who just gave him a taste of 
euphoria.  They just looked up at him as they let his now partially softened 
member slide from between their lips.  The smile and licking of the lips that 
followed would have made Ryoko jealous.  "I think I could get used to that."  
Tsunami's voice rang out in lead.  "Well you know what I think?"  Tenchi mused.  
"What?"  The duo said slowly climbing their way back up his body.  "I think turn 
about is fair play."  He said flipping and startling the two.  Tenchi now 
occupied an area above them and smiled as the lust of the situation was 
affecting all parties involved.  Much like they did to him, he resumed nipple 
play.  Except he moved painfully slow with the circles he traced around their 
nipples.  "TEN... AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"  Once again that weird double toned 
scream took over as he lightly bit down on one of the strawberry colored 
nipples.  The pleasure caused another orgasm to rack them.  As they floated 
down, so did Tenchi's mouth.  By the time they were out of that orgasm Tenchi 
was at the floodgates.  With little more than a light breath of air to let them 
know where he was he plunged his tongue in as far as he could get it.  "AAAAAAH! 
SHIIIIIIIT! OHGODOHGODOHGODOHGOD! TEEEEEEEEEENCHI!"  The voice shifted back and 
forth between Sasami and Tsunami at this new intrusion.  His hardness was 
returning, growing stiffer with each moan they made.  He ignored the slight pain 
and focused his all on them, his tongue running a mix of long and short strokes.  
Fast and slow, the rhythm he was using garnered more screams of ecstasy.  Tenchi 
suddenly pulled away, the duo was enthralled they didn't quite realize.  He was 
waiting like an animal about to ensnare its prey.  "Hmphf, hmphf.  Why, hmphf, 
did you AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"  Was all the two get breath forth before he latched 
on.  He was waiting for them to notice he stopped, plus he was seeking out the 
nerve group he read about so often.  His tongue swirled around the small nub and 
the screams he got from this were making his ears ring.  Tenchi slowly nipped 
the sensitive area with his teeth and this action was met with, from his vantage 
point appeared to be energy sparking from the duo's eyes.  Once again he slowed 
his actions, slower, slower, and ultimately stopped.

     Tenchi rose to a kneeling position between the pair's legs and smiled as 
they were still moaning and writhing around.  "Does that mean you both liked 
it?"  He said knowing full well the answer, but still not wanting to make any 
more stupid assumptions.  Blue hair twisted and tangled, free from its restraint 
was partially covering the pair as they sat up to answer.  Still not wanting to 
use any supernatural healing, it was a struggle to reach the sitting up 
position.  "Liked?  LIKED!"  The duo screamed, Tenchi was thinking maybe he 
messed up some where and maybe those screams were pain.  "WE FUCKING LOVED IT!"  
They shouted grabbing him in a powerful hug.  "OW OK! I... CAN'T... BREATHE!"  
He said trying to struggle free of that grip.  The two released him with a 
nervous smile.  "Heh, heh, sorry about that."  They rang out.  It was also at 
that time they took notice where his erection partially lies.  The head of his 
member was half inside them, the sensation hadn't quite caught up to him but the 
women were fully aware.  They grabbed his hips and pulled, but he stopped.  
"Hey, this could possibly hurt being your first time and uh, I'm going to guess 
your muscles are super strong everywhere.  So could you be careful not to well, 
break "it"?"  Tenchi said wanting to do this, but at the same time wanting to 
keep himself intact to do it again.  They didn't answer instead they just used 
their strength and rammed him into the tight crevice full speed.  Once he felt a 
small give, he knew her virginity was no more, but he also knew the pain was 
about to kick in.  He silently awaited his painful castration with his eyes 
shut.  "Tada!  No pain, now fuck us!"  Tenchi opened his eyes and let the 
feeling guide him.  "Someone is getting quite the dirty mouth."  He said at the 
feeling of being held, yet not tightly crushed.  "Shut up."  The duo shot back 
at him with a smile rocking their hips trying to adjust to the new feeling.  
They slowly began to receive arousal from their bouncing on his pole.  And once 
Tenchi settled into the rhythm of meeting their down bounce with his up stroke, 
everyone was quickly getting off.  

     The Ami duo had their legs wrapped around Tenchi's waist and their arms 
around his neck as they bounced closer to bliss.  Even though his thighs were 
burning Tenchi continued to keep them in this kneeling position, the pain seemed 
to drive his strokes.  "GO FASTER!  FASTER TENCHI!"  Sasami's voice screamed 
into his ear that added pain to chide him on.  "HARDER!  PLEASE HARDER!" 
Tsunami's voice rang clearly at him.  He was furiously working now trying to 
please the two.  Unknown to him was that they were trying to fight off the 
massive orgasms that begged to be felt.  He barely noticed when the pain in his 
thighs stopped, by that time he was almost spent.  "I'm slipping!  OH! OH! 
YEEEEEEES!"  Tenchi screamed himself now, as he shot ropes of sperm into the 
pair.  The extra heat broke them as well.  "OOOOOOOH! MMMMMM!  TENCHI! 
TEEEEEEENCHI! TEEENCHIIIIIII!"  The tandem screamed pulling his ponytail, the 
spastic convulsions of their walls around his member coaxing more seed from him.  
He didn't think he had that much to give, as he seemed to flow forever.  Tenchi 
slowly tensed waiting for a possible slip in concentration from them to possibly 
do him, he was relieved when it never came.  The two finally stopped writhing 
once the last orgasm subsided.  They all sat there still joined, still happy, in 
silence.  "Ok, I'm too tired to move."  Tenchi said breaking the silence.  
"We're not."  The women said slightly clamping down on his still semi-erect 
dick.  "OW!  I think I'm done for the day, heck maybe the week after that."  
Tenchi said feeling how sensitive he was at that little bit of pressure.  "We 
didn't... hurt you did we?"  The dual toned voice rang out lifting their head 
off his chest to look in his eyes.  "No, I'm just not used to this kind of 
action, well not yet anyway."  He said with a laugh.  They sighed and then 
entertained the thought some more.  "We could use a little bit of our power and 
keep him going all day and night!"  Tsunami said with a wicked tone.  "Hehe, no, 
well not yet let's ask him about it later.  I kind of want to go to sleep."  
Sasami said.  "Ok, but this has been the best day ever."  Tsunami said in memory 
of her countless years of existence.  "Do you want to go to sleep Tenchi?"  They 
asked.  "Hmmm.  Now that you mention it, I'm beat."  Tenchi said beginning to 
yawn.  Sasami and Tsunami were about to push themselves off of him when Sasami 
realized something.  "Weren't we sitting on his lap so to speak?"  Sasami 
questioned.  "Yeah, we still are, why?"  Tsunami asked not getting the point.  
"Um, no we aren't.  We're still on that part of his lap, but we're not on his 
lap."  Sasami corrected.  They pushed off the portion of lap they were still 
connected to with a satisfying sigh and noticed their feet weren't on solid 
ground and more importantly neither were his.  "Tenchi, we have a slight 
problem."  They said looking on in astonishment.  "Oh, what's that?"  Tenchi 
said lightly smiling as he noticed their downward gaze, thinking they were 
staring at something else.  "Did you give him the ability to fly?"  Sasami asked 
in light of this new development.  "No."  Tsunami said quietly just as amazed.  
"Then we definitely have a problem."  Sasami finished.  

     Well Chapter four is done.  I'll try to get Ayeka and Mihoshi "done" so to 
speak in a while.  I hope everyone enjoys this one.  As usual comments can be 
sent to redknight2k@hotmail.com.                                 
               

            

