Disclaimer:  I don't own Tenchi or any of his supporting cast.  I just own the 
perverted ideas to do this to them.  If you're under the age of 18... you more 
than likely know the routine, but I doubt you'll listen, so I won't bother 
telling you.  As always, if you don't like long-winded sex stories or are 
obsessed by the characters within, GET AWAY NOW!  If you keep reading it's your 
own fault.  Without further interruption, I present Tenchi Muyo: The Clone 
Chronicles.

A/N: I know it has been a while, but here's the first of a two-part journal 
entry from Tenchi.  It takes place around nine or ten months after his solution, 
and a lot of things have happened to our dear friend.  This is mainly story 
based, so the sex is VERY skimpy in this one.  What else is there to say?  Oh 
yeah, I'm basing this on the copyright info on Tenchi Muyo, which says it was 
made in 1992.  So, seven years in the Tenchi future makes it 1999, also take 
into consideration this story doesn't fit into any Tenchi timeline.  It more or 
less is a combination of them all.  Lastly, don't hand me any BS about the 
characters being out of character, no one stays the same after seven years.  And 
if you can't accept that part of reality, please move along because I don't need 
the negativity based on such a triviality.  

THANK YOU to all the people who've given me such a positive response to my 
story.  I know I've been a little slow on the Tenchi mill as of late, but I'm 
finally starting to think of new things to incorporate into it.  So, I hopefully 
will begin to put them out at a steadier pace, thanks again for being so 
patient.



You're still here?  Then I guess that means you can handle the above, so go 
forth and read my ramblings.  ^_^ 




November 22, 1999

Dear Journal,


     It's been a while, but today was the first time in a long time that I've 
had any time to myself.  Washu, Sasami-Tsunami, Ayeka, Ryoko, Kiyone, Mihoshi, 
Nagi, and Yugi are all out for the day. (I'll explain the last two a bit later.)  
I may as well get the good news out of the way first.  As you know a little of 
Ryoko went into making me... us, what we are today.  But what you don't know is 
a lot more went in than expected.  Under this one body, I house every single one 
of her powers.  Teleportation, energy weapons, phasing, flying... I got it all.  
Even more bizarre, they all came into being during or after sex.  Minus the 
phasing thing, that came up in a tickle war with Ryoko.  And outside of her 
powers, which surprisingly, took a few hours to master, I got some of her 
physical attributes as well. The Washu orientated part of me for instance, his 
eyes can change from brown to gold and vice versa.  

     Then there's the Kiyone Tenchi, his Ryoko-like traits manifested in the 
form of fangs and purrs, neither of which Kiyone mind.  So, what's so bad about 
having a few new powers?  To be honest, nothing.  Ayeka doesn't even mind 
(Anymore) about my new energy sword, and everyone else just took it in stride.  
Although, Mihoshi and I started to panic a little when we kept switching rooms 
at random.  Once we came back here though, Washu met us at the portal to inform 
us of the new detail in my molecular make up.  Now, where's the bad part right?  
I have six gorgeous women, new powers, more sex than is legally allowed, and 
there's a bad part?  Yep, there's a whole lotta bad.  Sit back and relax, cause 
this is going to take a while.  
 
     
*Cue Dramatic Flashback*


     About two weeks (Circa late February, early March) after all of me showed 
up, we were all deciding on our new housing situation.  Kiyone and Mihoshi had 
the apartments, which they invited us (Their Tenchi) to move in to.  So, Washu 
replicated my clothes and I... uh, we moved in with them.  It wasn't surprising 
how quickly I settled in, in both their homes.  We'd lived together for years 
beforehand, so this was like a more intimate step back.  Ryoko, of course, 
wanted this room and she made that point very clear by refusing to leave until 
that was agreed on.  No one had any objections, so that's where her and me 
reside.  It's a good thing you're a computer, because it's confusing to write 
about yourself from multiple experiences at the same time.  Anyway, Ayeka and I 
share her room, because Sasami-Tsunami and I moved into Mihoshi's old room. 
(Whew!)  

     Later that day there was a knock at the door and behind it was quite the 
surprise.  "Tenchi!"  Ryo-ohki shouted.  Before I go any further, Ryo-ohki 
learned how to talk while in her humanoid form a while ago.  And the explanation 
to her frequent no-shows can be answered in her own words and I quote: "It's 
kinda hard to sit still with a map of the universe in your head."  So, for the 
most part she travels among the stars like she was always meant to.  "Hey, 
welcome home."  I told her, as she moved off top of me (She tackled me when I 
opened the door).  "I see you're still looking good, as usual."  Ryoko said, 
phasing into place to help me up (I was her Tenchi at the time).  Of course, she 
looked good; she looks exactly like Ryoko, just with fur.  They both exchanged 
almost identical laughs before we all made our way back into the living room.  
"So, what have you been up to?"  An innocent question for a guilty cabbit.  

     Ryo-ohki didn't answer, which made Ryoko ask another light-hearted 
question.  "What?  It's not like you knocked over the Bank of Jurai."  I was 
already picking up on the cabbit-woman's body language after the first question, 
so when she said, "Actually, I did...twice."  I wasn't surprised.  Ryoko seemed 
a lot like dad used to about me, beaming with pride.  "Becoming quick with the 
ladies, eh Tenchi?"  I guess he knows the answer to that now.  And hopefully, he 
and mom are smiling down on us.  Then again, I hope they know when to turn those 
smiles somewhere else... cause the idea of them watching us... never mind.  So, 
while Ryo-ohki relayed stories of security changes from when Ryoko last robbed 
the place and of this planet and that one, I sat back and smiled.  "I missed the 
Rain Dance Festival on Felix 7?  Son of a...!  Then again, the night here was 
better."  Ryoko said dreamily, while leaning against me.  

     Ryo-ohki looked on astounded, "Now, this is where Ayeka runs in."  She 
said.  Ryoko and me laughed it up a bit until finally, Ryoko said, "Nah, she 
understands."  It was at that moment, the door in the kitchen opened.  "Put them 
over there, Tenchi."  Sasami said, as I (Her me) dropped a large basket of 
vegetables on the table.  Ryo-ohki's eyes darted back and forth between the two 
of me, until eventually, she let out a very long "Meow" (She's still prone to 
that noise at times).  The familiar sound brought an excited Sasami-Tsunami into 
the room.  After they exchanged hugs and pleasantries, we all sat down and ran 
over the things she'd missed in her four month long absence.  Eventually, that 
came to a stop when Ryo-ohki said, "I even took over your spot as the most 
wanted criminal in the universe."  Both of my heads (The ones with brains) shot 
into full alert.  "What?  Nagi's probably looking for you now!"  Ryoko shouted, 
before we did.  

     "Why?  Its not like I blew up any planets or killed anyone."  Ryo-ohki said 
with a relaxed expression, which was creepy considering the huntress behind her.  
"Maybe your memory was fried when you were dropped, but Nagi doesn't care.  I 
don't care if you got the "Most Wanted" spot for illegal docking; she'll want 
your head, even if there's a half-Jurai reward on it!"  Ryoko's yelling was 
almost frantic then.  I personally would have figured Sasami to do all the 
yelling.  But seeing as Ryoko was like a scared chicken guarding her eggs, she 
must care more for her than I thought.  "Calm down.  Nagi isn't going to be a 
problem."  Ryo-ohki's grin as she said that was unmistakably, Ryoko (The Ryoko 
who tried to dissect me, I mean).  Ryoko flopped down on the couch as Sasami 
asked the next question, "You killed Nagi?"  

     Ryo-ohki burst out in a fit of laughter, "Me?  Kill Nagi?  HaHaHaHa!  Come 
on!  HaHaHaHa!"  She said, as she began to float.  "Aaah, no I didn't kill her.  
I have a "man" on the inside of her operation, so to speak."  She said, drying a 
way ward tear from her eye.  Both of me were about to chime in when, "Ken, come 
on in."  Ryo-ohki cut us off.  Through the sliding glass door (And I do mean, 
through the sliding glass door) stepped Ken-ohki.  Now it was our turn to be 
stumped, "Uh, what happened to you?"  I (Sasami-Tsunami's me) asked.  Our dear 
friend, Ken-ohki, apparently assimilated into a mass some where down the road.  
"Long story."  He said, before kneeling down beside Ryo-ohki.  After a few 
minutes of dead air between us, Ryoko spoke up, "So, what makes you think you 
can trust him?  He's probably the second most loyal cabbit ever produced... 
behind your original."  

     His red eyes locked on Ryoko as she questioned his trust and believe me; 
mine locked on him with even more intensity.  For all I knew, he could've been 
on some kind of sneak attack from Nagi to get Ryoko.  "I can assure you that 
isn't the case.  A Kilak Federation fleet blew up the original Ken-ohki a few 
years ago.  And much like Ryo here, I gave birth to the form you see now.  Same 
feelings, same emotions, only the bond between Nagi and I isn't as absolute as 
it once was.  So, while our "parents" couldn't be together because of their 
unbreakable bonds with you two and since we have some form of control now, we're 
choosing to pick up where they left off.  Only this time, you two nuts won't 
screw it up.  And if Nagi does come back, she'll have to kill me to get her."  
He said, taking a hold of Ryo-ohki's hand.  I (Both of me) decided he could be 
trusted, because he had that same protective streak I saw in myself.

     "I believe you, but where is Nagi if you're here?"  I asked.  He smiled a 
half-smile before saying, "After I kept "accidentally" falling off Ryo's trail, 
absent-mindedly flying too slow, falling out of warp, or just plain altering 
course when Nagi slept, she began to get irritated with me.  So, to regain her 
trust I'd always catch up and shoot a few weak blasts before letting Ryo hit me 
with a huge one and escape.  I'd use that as an excuse to get by and the cycle 
would repeat.  About three of your months ago, the song and dance was playing 
out as expected, until I suddenly, crash-landed... on purpose.  Nagi trudged off 
for a repair crew, which allowed me time to take off without being seen by her."  
His tale ended with a pair of satisfied grins (His and Ryo-ohki's).  Ryoko 
didn't see the humor though, and when she said,  "So, where's your man on the 
inside now?  Because it isn't going to take her too long to figure out you're 
here."  Her voice reflected as much.

     The cabbit duo gave matching smirks, before Ken-ohki began, "Possibly, but 
the planet she thought she was on wasn't right.  The planet we actually went 
down on is about as advanced as Earth; they didn't have deep space travel 
capabilities.  So, the chances of her getting off that rock are very slim.  
We've been flying all over and no one has seen her since."  He said, with just a 
touch of big headedness.  Ryoko's worries eventually died down, as more of the 
house came out of their respective portals or dimensions.  Washu, of course 
wanted to run tests on Ken's new form, but a little ice applied to the back of 
her knee worked wonders to erase her thought pattern.  "Tenchi... lab... now!"  
We had finished less than an hour ago and here she was, ready to go again. 
(Which I'm definitely not complaining about.)  It would probably seem strange 
for all of us to be so sexually active all of a sudden, but you have to realize 
one thing; that's really the only area left we aren't familiar with each other 
in.  Any who, speed through the portal of time, and it was time for me to take 
my finals.  On said finals, (Not to be showy) I managed to get perfect scores 
easily (If you consider the fact I had each one of me take a subject and study 
only it).  A little while (a few weeks) later, everyone, cabbits and all 
witnessed me, graduate from college.

     I believe Ryoko enjoyed it more than anyone did.  Because it finally meant, 
I didn't have to leave her everyday.  "So, you really don't have to go to school 
anymore?"  That had been a peeve of hers for a while and now I could finally 
say, "Nope, school's over."  As simple as it sounds, it meant more to her than 
I'll probably ever know.  That was evident in her humongous smile-hug 
combination.  "Yay!"  She squealed like a little kid when it was time for ice 
cream I remember.  This may sound a little stupid (Opposed to sounding a lot 
stupid), but I think she thought I was going to go school one day and never come 
back.  That's probably why she kept threatening to blow it up; guess it's a good 
thing I graduated when I did or we'd all be on the run again, this time from the 
local police.  After the ceremony ended, I found a safe place to separate 
without making the news and Ryoko was there to promptly, congratulate me.  Don't 
ask me how she knows which one is hers when we're standing together, but in that 
coatroom, she hit the bull's eye.  

     There's something different about making love in public.  But that's 
getting away from the subject at hand, and that is the bad in my situation.  
Around the end of May, Ryo-ohki and Ken-ohki decided to take flight again.  Off 
to see and do who knows what.  On the day they left, Sasami, gave a few words of 
wisdom to her former pet, while Ryoko warned them to be careful.  Ryo-ohki 
assured us, she'd only stolen enough to live comfortably and that those two 
times were it.  Ryoko, on the other hand said, "I hope she doesn't think she's 
fooling me with that "twice bit".  You have to steal a lot more than a few 
million Jurai to get most wanted status."  Once they were out of view, I decided 
to take a walk out to mom and dad's graves to pay my respects.  

     It had been a long time, between juggling school, training, figuring out 
the doppelganger thing, and sleep, I sort of lost him in the fray... for a 
couple of years.  I don't think I even took the time to mourn him.  I was 
nineteen when it happened, he had developed this odd cough and I tried to get 
him to see a doctor or at the very least, let Washu check him out.  "You're too 
young to worry so much, Tenchi.  I'll be fine."  He said, turns out those would 
be the last words he ever said to me.  He went off to work, on one of the 
snowiest days in Okayama's history, sweating.  I came home from class early and 
checked the answering machine, "Hey, Tenchi, I'll be working late again tonight.  
So, tell Sasami not to trouble herself, I'll grab something from one of the 
machines.  Goodbye."  An innocent message, that proved instrumental in a lot of 
ways.  The first thing I noticed off the top was his boss's yelling in the 
background, "Masaki, hang up that phone!  I don't care if you have pneumonia, we 
need those designs, tonight!"  The other was the fact dad said, goodbye.  

     In all the years I've known him, he's never once, finished a phone 
conversation with goodbye.  It would be the next morning when I'd get the call, 
"Tenchi Masaki?  I have called to inform you of your father's passing.  
Apparently, he was in the later stages of pneumonia... No, his secretary found 
him..." I hung up the phone in shock at this point.  It wasn't making sense, he 
knew Washu could easily cure something like that but he opted to die?  Then came 
the denial, which gave way to a tiny moment of sadness, ending with anger and an 
urge to kill that sadistic boss of his.  A few hours later Ryoko and Ayeka 
showed up, but I didn't care.  My attention had been focused on a family picture 
of dad, mom, and me a few hours after I was born.  "Are you thinking about your 
mom?"  Ryoko asked, leading to Ayeka's small lesson on courtesy.  I finally 
released the phone to take the picture down, "I'm the only one left."  I said, 
giving them the picture and heading off to catch the last of my classes.  

     I needed something to occupy my mind, but outside all I saw was snow.  I 
grew to hate the snow again that day, for in mind it had stolen someone else 
away from me that I loved.  On a purely, materialistic note, I sued his 
architectural firm out of business.  The judge found it odd that dad's boss and 
the owner of the company would accurately know his condition (Thanks to the 
tape), yet still required him to work.  His secretary's testimony also proved 
they knew, "I told them he was looking sickly, but they said they didn't care."  
She said with tear red eyes.  A few million (U.S. Currency), but it still didn't 
ease the pain any.  But the fact I helped put that son of a bitch in the poor 
house... didn't really help much either.  I took a portion of the money and had 
mom and dad's graves made into a monument, this way they could be together in 
spirit and in body.  I wouldn't make the visit that day, because we had another 
uninvited guest.       

     Ryoko had come along connected to my neck as usual, which suited me fine.  
We were silent for a change and when Ryoko suddenly gasped, I froze.  "Are you 
all right?"  I asked.  "Yeah, just thought I saw something."  And for her to see 
something frightening enough to gasp means it's definitely not all right.  I 
didn't let her know I saw it too; instead, I played it off.  As we continued 
towards my parents' graves, more and more leaves sprinkled from above.  
Normally, this wouldn't concern me.  However, it being summer and all, it was 
quite noticeable.  "When I say stop, stop."  I whispered.  She pretended to kiss 
my cheek and asked, "Why?" Then she, of course, made the kiss real.  The second 
her lips left my face I pivoted us both back a few feet to narrowly escape 
Nagi's energy whip.  

     Silently, the owner of the whip (And the answer to the question) gracefully 
flipped to the forest floor.  "What gave me away?"  She asked in her usual flat 
tone.  "Ha!  I could smell you a mile away."  Ryoko boasted, but I decided to 
answer truthfully.  "You're too heavy to move that fast in these trees and the 
slight drought as of late, only serves to make the leaves more brittle than 
usual."  Ryoko laughed hysterically at the weight comment, which wasn't meant to 
be derogatory.  "ANYWAY, where is that fugitive cabbit of yours?"  Nagi growled, 
apparently taking offense to my comment as well.  "We haven't seen Ryo-ohki in 
months.  Besides, how'd you get off that planet?"  Ryoko's sly deception went 
out the window in all of three seconds.  "Gee Ryoko, even your lies are getting 
weak, hanging around these people.  But to answer your question, I suspected 
Ken-ohki would pull something like that.  So, I twisted his navigational system 
just enough to have him fall on a planet slightly, more advanced than the one he 
intended to land on.  The planet was a refueling station, so finding a ride was 
easy.  Now, where did they go?"  She asked, allowing the energy tendril to 
recoil.

     "We don't know, they left awhile ago."  I said, trying to distance Ryoko 
from her.  "So, let me get this straight; I traveled three hundred-thousand 
light years for absolutely nothing?  I don't think so."  Her last words ended 
with her whip extending again.  "What are you doing?"  Ryoko asked.  The look on 
Nagi's face answered that question.  I decided to try stern reasoning by saying, 
"Like I said before, she's not a criminal anymore."  My voice fell into that 
eerie calm like Grandpa's when I spoke those words.  "*Muffled laughter* So, the 
coward finally developed a spine?"  She said, letting her haughty laughter 
finally erupt.  I don't see how I ever deserved the title of "coward".  All 
these women start falling out of space into my backyard and then, I'm expected 
to fight things I thought only existed on TV shows.  So, what if I whined a lot 
back then?  I always tried and under the circumstances, I think I did one hell 
of a job.

     Well, back to the story.  "Don't you ever say that about him again!"  Ryoko 
said, already crackling with energy.  Nagi's laughter curled into a slight 
smile, as her blatant attempt to goad Ryoko into a fight was working.  If I 
still regarded Ryoko as a houseguest from hell, I probably would've let them 
fight it out.  However, I knew Ryoko was more rusty than she'd ever admit, not 
to mention my feelings for her now.  So, I definitely wasn't about to let this 
fight happen.  "Ryoko, just forget about it, please?"  I asked, blocking her 
line of vision from the bounty huntress.  "Okay, but I'm only doing it because 
YOU asked me to."  She said, relaxing her scowl back into its beautiful calm.  
For the time being, I forgot anyone else was there as Ryoko put her arms around 
my neck.  I turned around with Ryoko still attached, (After I remembered Nagi) 
preparing to try another rational solution until, "AAAAH!"  Ryoko screamed.  

     I looked down to see Nagi's whip around Ryoko's waist.  Without even 
thinking about it, I formed the light hawk sword and severed it.  Ryoko's 
screams stopped as she fell against me.  "What the hell is wrong with you?"  I 
screamed.  "I told her if she didn't kill me she'd regret it."  Nagi said, 
lashing out again.  "Ten... Tenchi!"  Ryoko said, as her eyes opened to see 
Nagi's whip wrapped around my forearm inches above her face (I rested her 
against the ground prior).  I eased Ryoko's head fully against the ground; 
keeping my face in a smile for her benefit.  "Ryoko, you can't be serious?  I 
barely had the power turned on and now you... AH!"  Nagi's gloat was cut short 
as I pulled suddenly on the whip, which sent her flying towards me... and my 
fist.  I saw she wasn't holding it as tight as possible by the low drooping arch 
in it, so I figured it would fly out of her hands. 

     So, I was more than shocked when her whole body took to the air, but I 
didn't waste the opportunity.  She hit the ground with a large thud, completely 
unconscious.  "Whoa! I never even knocked her out, Tenchi."  Ryoko said, giving 
her fallen foe a few test kicks.  I checked Ryoko for any burns, (Much to her 
enjoyment) which were already fading back into the milky white of her skin when 
I saw them.  She flared back into hostility once she saw the spiraling burn 
pattern around my arm.  However, I assured her I'd be fine and with some more 
calming words, she relaxed.  After that, we both stared at Nagi before I started 
patting her down and removing weapons (Couldn't have her waking up to suddenly 
kill us now, could I?).  Ryoko finally spoke up as my hands started nearing odd 
places, "Why don't you just kill her and get it over with?  Or better yet, let 
me do it."  She said bringing her sword to life.  I, of course, chimed in with, 
"No, just help me get rid of these weapons."  It's amazing how she keeps that 
cloak full of weapons on all day.  Ryoko hunched her shoulders, before piling 
them all up and vaporizing them.  



*Cue the living room of my house*


    
     Ryoko and I had tied Nagi to a steel chair on the karaoke stage.  Once that 
was done, we decided to watch a little TV until she woke up.  After an hour 
Ryoko got fidgety and said, "I don't see why you won't let me kill her, Tenchi."  
It would've been the simplest solution.  But killing people never has been an 
appealing thing to me.  And Ryoko would've been proving Nagi right if I let her 
do it.  So, I told her as much, "If you killed her you'd be proving her right.  
Although she's tried to do as much to you, by not killing her, you've proved, 
she's more of the murderous-psycho that she tries to make you.  And if you ask 
me, that's the only reason she keeps attacking you after all this time."  Well, 
that was the only thing I could think to explain her obsessive nature with 
Ryoko.  She saw how well Ryoko fit into a family atmosphere and that made her 
see her in a different light.  A light that proved, Ryoko, wasn't just another 
heartless crook.  That light wasn't one Nagi could accept... not yet anyway.  
So, that's where my plan came in.

     It would be a risky venture to say the least.  But if it ended with Nagi 
tolerating, Ryoko, enough to not want her head, it would be worth it.  "You can 
be really corny at times, Tenchi."  Ryoko said playfully, stretching out across 
my lap.  TV took a backseat to our kissing, which was abruptly ended as Nagi 
began to come to.  "Uh, what!  How did I get here?"  She shouted, trying to 
break the chains Washu took the courtesy of whipping up for us, before bounding 
back to her lab.  I painfully, removed Ryoko from my lap (And by painfully, I 
mean, I was about four seconds from taking her right there).  "Look who finally 
decided to wake up."  Ryoko said, in her own special way.  Nagi didn't respond 
quite yet; she instead, narrowed her eyes at Ryoko, THEN she spoke.  "What did 
you drug me with?"  She asked, this time staring at me.  Ryoko was already 
preparing her reply, so I didn't interfere until after she said, "Drug you?  
HaHaHaHa!  I don't remember a fist being considered a drug!  HaHaHaHa!"  

     While Ryoko laughed it up, Nagi's efforts for freedom stepped up a notch.  
She swore up and down that I got lucky, which led to her saying, "I propose a 
challenge."  I nodded for her to continue, at which point she said, "If I can 
knock you out in one punch, you let me go and I get Ryoko."  Ryoko cautiously 
looked at me, as if I was actually going to agree to that.  "If you manage to 
knock me out, you can go, but Ryoko stays."  Another smile slid across her lips 
before she spoke up, "And who's going to stop me from taking her once you're 
unconscious?"  I'll admit, I didn't think of that.  That's probably what sparked 
me to say, "Heh, even if you did manage to take her if I was unconscious, I'd 
find you."  (One of me would anyway) Do you know she smiled again?  "Really?  I 
could take her head and be off this miserable planet before you hit the floor."  
Now, it was my turn to smile and I did when I said, "For starters, Ryoko blew 
that little ship of yours into pieces."  Ryoko spotted it in the bush on the way 
back home, so she took the liberty of mangling it.  I never got around to 
finding out why, because that was like trapping Nagi there with her.

     As I was saying, Ryoko chuckled, as she tossed a charred piece of the 
wreckage on the stage.  Nagi exploded in her seat when she saw that.  "How the 
hell am I going to get home?"  She said with pure rage.  I got on stage and 
leaned partially into her face and said, "You know the expression: "Keep your 
friends close, but keep your enemies closer"?"  Her eyes nearly shot out of her 
head when I said that.  About three seconds later, two distinct voices shouted, 
"WHAT!"  Before I had a second to react, Ryoko was questioning me.  "Are you 
serious?  She can't live here!  What are you on?"  Hopefully, the same formula 
that made her and Ayeka finally get along.  Although, Nagi didn't have any 
feelings towards me (Which is probably the only thing that kept Ryoko and Ayeka 
from destroying each other), this was the only none violent thing I could think 
to do.  

     Nagi's sudden shift in attitude gave her ulterior motive up, even before 
she said, "This'll be the easiest head I've ever collected and frankly, I 
figured you'd be more challenging than this, Ryoko."  I placed my light hawk 
sword to her throat at this point.  My own fears were coming into play, but I 
wasn't about to let her scare me in my home and I definitely wasn't going to let 
her take Ryoko from me.  "You're going to stay here for one reason, which is to 
see once and for all, that she isn't a monster.  Once a time I set has passed, 
if your opinion of her is the same, you can go.  But if you come back still 
gunning for her, I'll kill you myself."  It was amazing how calm I felt saying 
that, but it was even funnier how she tried to stay defiant.  At this point, I 
was thinking there had to be another ship we missed.  I mean how could she think 
I'd let her kill Ryoko and live on the same planet as me?    

     I glanced back at Ryoko who was smiling brightly, but Nagi's voice cut 
through the brief calm.  "Right, and let's say I do take her head, which I will, 
what would you do then?"  She asked, with a half smirk in place.  I began to 
press the blade into her throat harder, looking for a reasonable comeback.  Then 
brilliance struck, as I said, "I know this area like the back of my hand, which 
means I'd find you in at the most, two days.  If you got out of Japan, I'm sure 
Washu, would be more than willing to help me find you then.  Between the two of 
us, we'd definitely let you know there were things a lot worse than death."  I 
allowed my dematerialized hand to sink into her chest and the moment it was 
around her heart, I let it materialize a bit at the fingertips.  "Understand?" I 
said, while giving the muscle a few squeezes.  Nagi bit back a small yelp, but 
let a single tear fall from the pain.  She didn't even try or maybe she 
couldn't, hide the fear she felt after that.  She didn't know I could do that.  
And by the fearful expression, something told me she'd never considered that a 
possibility when dealing with Ryoko.  "So, where's our new guest gonna sleep?"  
Ryoko said, smiling at the deflated Nagi, who didn't seem to mind because her 
cold persona was now reduced to frayed nerves.  

     My attention shifted, which left me staring at Nagi.  Something in her eyes 
made something Grandpa once told me, play over in my mind.  "Only a fool lets 
his emotions lead him all of the time.  Tenchi, I fear you may become this fool 
if you're not careful."  I was hoping that wouldn't be my downfall that day, 
because I felt horrible (Along with pity) after doing that to her.  Why you ask?  
Because, in all the times I've seen her, she's never once looked so utterly 
humiliated... or defeated.  After watching her like an animal at the zoo, I cut 
the chains, which caused her to twitch with the quick movement.  She stood up 
and rubbed her raw wrists, then in a fit of rampant stupidity I asked, "Who goes 
first?"  Yep, the challenge was still on.  "Did Ryoko hit you in the head or 
something?"  Nagi questioned, with shocked expression in tow.  Ryoko phased into 
place with, "It depends on which one."  She said, as she lazily leaned against 
me.  I fought the blood away from my face, as Nagi made a motion to indicate 
sleeping with Ryoko was disgusting (If only she knew how good it was).

     Eventually, Nagi, took her shot, which left me reeling (And fully 
conscious), but my decision not to take my turn annoyed Ryoko.  I felt it was 
the least I could do, after all, I was taking her prisoner and promising to kill 
her all at the same time.  Nagi's ego sagged again, because I didn't crumple to 
the floor. (Which reminds me, I need to thank Grandpa for teaching me that 
little breathing trick.)  After I shook my face back in place, I showed her to 
Kiyone's old room (A room Washu made her to take breaks from Mihoshi).  And 
after establishing she wouldn't be paying rent, I left her alone.  "You know she 
isn't going to stay here right?  She'll figure away off this planet and comeback 
after me again."  Ryoko said, meeting me half way to the living room.  "Maybe, 
but if she does I'll have to kill her.  Because I'm not going to have her 
showing up every two or three years trying to collect a bounty for you that 
doesn't even exist."  I said, giving her a small kiss.  I don't even like the 
sound of the word "kill", but if it were between that and any of them; the 
choice is an easy one.  

     I know what you're probably thinking, "That was bringing the bad upon 
yourself."  Actually, it wasn't.  Ryoko and Nagi avoided each other most of the 
time, while Sasami's friendly nature slowly ate away at her tough exterior to an 
extent.  Ayeka was the only person who didn't like the idea of such a dangerous 
person living in the house.  I had to remind her, that we ALL were dangerous on 
some level (How many households do you know of with a live in goddess?) and I 
upped that level by returning Ryoko's gems.  While I tend to keep my hopes high, 
I've been relieved of the silly notion: "Everything will be okay."  Everything 
can't be okay unless you work to make it so and that's why I gave the gems back.  
I knew I couldn't watch Ryoko all the time, so at least this way her chances in 
a fight were almost guaranteed successful.  Especially, with Nagi being 
weaponless.  On a lighter note, it was kind of interesting the first time she 
learned there were more than one of me.  

     Sasami had showed her to the bath one day.  She didn't know Washu and I 
were in there at the time, which isn't surprising.  We stay in that house of 
hers for days, even weeks on end.  So, when we do make visits to the house 
everyone is usually off doing something, which was the case that day.  While 
Nagi had seen a form of me with Ryoko, Sasami-Tsunami, and Ayeka, she had never 
seen two of us together in the same place (Mainly do to her staying in her own 
room).  I was preoccupied with toying with Washu's (Who really enjoys my scalp 
massages) hair to notice her when she came in.  "He got to you too?"  She 
eventually asked.  Neither Washu nor I responded.  The reason was not out of 
spite, but it was because the portal behind us was springing to life.  

     "Come on, Tenchi.  They're all probably asleep..." Kiyone's plan (Why she 
likes aquatic sex so much is beyond me) for having sex in that bath was again 
(For the tenth time) squashed.  Washu took the opportunity to answer Nagi then.  
"He's gotten to us all."  She said.  Personally, I'd already got sick of 
explaining the whole situation of how six of me came about.  So, when Nagi 
asked, "When did you get a twin?"  I (Both of me) opted out of explaining.  
Kiyone waned in defeat, but kept up a front of casual comfort for the people 
present.  Washu had been neglectful to her projects since I came around; so, she 
took this brief moment to talk science with Nagi.  Once she was done, Nagi 
mumbled something about us all being foolish weaklings and resumed washing 
before she left.  I thought it was touching, a guy willing to split himself six 
ways for the six women he loved.  So, it wasn't interesting at all. 

     After roughly three weeks, (Which puts us almost in July) I (Ryoko's me) 
woke up from an unusually long nap.  (I'd stayed awake a good portion of the 
time to make sure Nagi didn't creep in at night, so the lack of sleep finally 
caught me, which made me pass out at daybreak.)  When I noticed Ryoko's absence, 
it reminded me of the lethal houseguest.  So, I bounded out of the bed and made 
for the stairs.  The next thing I saw left me a little confused, there were two 
silver manes of spiky hair sitting on the SAME couch.  Before I leaped to any 
conclusions, I decided to watch them for a bit.  "How can you stomach this 
place?"  Nagi said, before throwing the remote at the TV in frustration.  Ryoko 
didn't seem to mind (She was known to do the same thing on occasions).  "I like 
it here, so I don't really have to stomach it."  Ryoko ended by stretching her 
feet out across the table.  I felt like I was one of those guys on the nature 
shows watching them like that.  But never the less, I continued to do so. 

     I'd estimate they were ten minutes deep into the conversation when Nagi 
said, "What did he do to make you so weak?  You were the strongest criminal I've 
ever chased, and now... look at you!"  Maybe I'm weird, but I thought law 
enforcement preferred weak criminals.  It was then, that Ryoko began to go into 
her analytical depths for her nemesis.  "He cares about me."  Ryoko's simple 
answer was obviously bait, which was amply snacked on.  "This is almost 
sickeningly sad.  How could you be the same Ryoko?  The Ryoko I knew would never 
be reduced into revolving her whole life around some man."  I moved my lips 
along in time with Ryoko's, as she told her she wasn't that "Ryoko" anymore.  
Her next few lines were the shockers though.

     "Who said my life revolved around him?  True enough, he is a sweet guy, but 
my love for him isn't as obsessive as you make it.  To be honest, it wasn't 
until he released me from that cave that my feelings started to develop.  But 
they weren't concrete until he kept trying to convince me I wasn't a monster.  
Sure, I was Kagato's puppet for a while, but once he was out of the picture, I 
was lost.  It was like waking up from a two-thousand-year long nightmare, with 
no real memories.  The only thing I had to go on were the memories of me under 
Kagato's control, so I tried to be that person.  If you thought I was a demon, I 
worked to make you believe I was a demon but some where under all of that, it 
didn't feel right.  Of course, I wasn't going to admit to that or show it, yet 
somehow he saw it."  Ryoko said.  Now, this woman has watched me sleep every 
night she's been out of the cave and she isn't obsessive?  I didn't really know 
if this was for Nagi's benefit or what, but I could've swore Ryoko was the one 
who begged and cried at times to make me stay home from school.  Another Ryoko 
related mystery I guess...     

     Anyway, Nagi wasn't easily impressed or shocked (Minus having her heart 
squeezed).  "A smile?  You let a damn smile make you this weak?  I can't believe 
I've wasted this much time toying with you.  I would've put you out of your 
misery a long time ago if I knew this was going to happen."  She said, shaking 
her head sorrowfully.  I watched Ryoko calmly turn to face Nagi, and when she 
did, she told her something I didn't even know.  "It wasn't the smile, it was 
the action.  Everyone else had their perceptions of me as this monster, but they 
more or less could defend against me.  They also had years of stories about me 
to keep them at bay, but he had seemed to grow too comfortable with me, so I had 
to remind him who I was.  So, one day while Ayeka was away somewhere off Earth, 
I set about chasing him and blowing stuff up at random.  But it was once I had 
chased him to the mountains that it got weird, he simply stopped running."  I 
remembered that day well; it was around the same time she started becoming extra 
grabby for my attention.  

     Back to her story, "To keep up the front, I pretended I was going to strike 
him down with my sword.  As I was swooping in, he didn't flinch.  I stopped the 
sword about an inch away from his face when he said it, "If you can't see 
yourself as anything other than Kagato's slave, no one else will either.  
Whether you believe it or not, I know you aren't evil.  And if it's any 
conciliation, I don't think of you as a monster anymore.  I prefer to think of 
you as a wonderful friend."  Two times, I'd set out to scare him to death and he 
thought of me as a friend?  I couldn't explain it at that point, but hearing him 
say that made me feel good.  It was like this weight was lifted off my 
shoulders.  I could just be Ryoko and his friend, without having to be what you 
all thought I was.  As I watched him walk back toward the house, this weird heat 
started spreading through me.  Sure, I flirted with him before, but that was 
mainly to piss Ayeka off.  But after that day, it wasn't about her anymore.  I 
wanted him; no I needed him and that calm he made me feel.  It took another six 
years, but I finally got him.  I don't think I can say I loved him before that, 
but I can say I definitely loved him with every shred of myself after it."  Even 
thinking back on that day, I still can't believe she was talking to Nagi... it 
just didn't seem feasible.  

     Speaking of her, she had a few choice words about Ryoko's revelation, "So, 
a smile, some meaningless drivel about being yourself, and him not thinking of 
you as a monster makes you love him?  It's times like these I take pride in 
knowing, I'm strong enough to survive on my own."  She said, with the same pride 
she spoke of.  Ryoko took the higher road again by not becoming volatile at 
Nagi's words.  Instead, she opted to use her own to bring the woman crashing to 
the ground: "Strong, huh?  Maybe our ideals of strength are different, but I've 
come to realize you are very weak."  This brought a low growl from Nagi's 
throat, before she countered with, "Ha!  At least I don't need some man to be 
strong for me."  Her voice betrayed something, but I didn't think about it at 
the time because Ryoko began to speak again.  

     "Are you strong because when people would see you passed out in a bar, 
they'd rather assume you were dead than help you up?  Or are you strong because 
you've wasted centuries of your life chasing someone who hasn't committed a 
crime in seven hundred years?  If that's what makes you strong, I'll gladly take 
the weak.  Because I like having people who care about me.  People, who care 
enough to kill for me if it came to that.  Can you say the same?  No, you can't.  
If you were to die right now no one would care, not even Ken-ohki, and he was 
programmed to like you.  Maybe you can live your life without anyone caring 
about whether you live or die, but after knowing this side of things, I can't, 
no I won't go back to living like that.  Oh, and another thing, he isn't strong 
for me, I'm strong because of him."  Ryoko said the last part with a certainty 
that I knew would convince Nagi to think otherwise of her.  "Sure, I give it 
another two years.  Then you'll be back to blowing planets up and stealing 
everything in sight, and then I'll have you."  Nagi said quietly, proving her 
beliefs ran deep and that I was as wrong as two left feet.  

     Ah, but Ryoko's ran deeper and it flared up after that.  "For the last 
time, I said I'm not giving him up.  Not for all the Jurai in the universe and 
damn sure not because you're too pathetic to move on with your life.  I promised 
him I wouldn't kill you, but if you ever try to take me away from him or vice 
versa, you won't have to worry about him killing you..." Her sword illuminated, 
and was pointing directly at Nagi's head when she said, "Because I'll kill you 
myself."  This was definitely a surprise.  Usually when Nagi showed up, Ryoko 
became slightly, rattled.  But this day, her fear wasn't present or even covered 
up she literally wasn't afraid of the woman anymore.  Watching Nagi, sit there 
with the sword at her skull only showed her own weakness.  Now, here's where it 
goes into another dimension, so to speak.  Nagi looks at the sword before she 
starts spilling her guts, "Then that's it, there's nothing left for me now.  
Taken prisoner by a guy I once could've killed like an insect.  Now sitting here 
with a woman I should be decapitating, admitting my life is worthless.  If you 
have a shred of pity, kill me now, because I don't deserve this."

     While my original plan was to get her and Ryoko to an understanding, I 
never dreamed in three weeks her whole mindset would crumble.  It was like that 
DNA model Washu showed us.  Without Ryoko in the foundation, everything 
crumbled.  From the stories, Ryoko had told me, Nagi was a solitary person who 
lived only to kill criminals but more than that, she was a predator.  And by me 
taking her main "food" source, I had in essence, sealed her extinction.  I also 
came to realize something else that day; it was never about collecting Ryoko's 
head.  It was about the challenge of fighting her and surviving.  Nagi wouldn't 
kill Ryoko, because the fights between them were what she thrived on.  Where as 
Ryoko thought of the battles as a potentially, fatal situation. Nagi, on the 
other hand, thought of them as a game.  And by exploiting Ryoko's survival 
instincts, it only made the fights that more intense.  So, she was the only one 
ever at a real risk of dying.  Either that or I misread the situation.  However, 
the way her eyes begged to feel the sword take her life, I was more inclined to 
believe the first more than the later.  

     It was almost frighteningly sad how she slumped when Ryoko's sword 
disappeared.  "If it makes you feel any better, there are people stronger than 
me out there.  Because if I'm the strongest you've ever fought, you weren't 
looking hard enough."  Ryoko said, in an attempt to lift the depressed warrior.  
It worked, until Ryoko started naming the names.  "Sasami takes the cake around 
here.  Ever since, Tsunami, woke back up you can actually feel the power she... 
they emit.  Then there's Washu, from what I can tell, she's as strong as Sasami.  
I don't know how, but she is.  Then of course there's Tenchi..." Once my name 
was added Nagi's attitude went stale.  "What?  You're telling me the primitive 
is stronger than you are?"  She asked in disbelief.  Do you know what it's like 
to have every new person (Space person), call you "primitive"?  Then again, 
Washu made you so I guess you wouldn't.  Anyway, Ryoko came to my defense by 
saying, "Oh, don't make it seem like he's just stronger than me.  Think about it 
for a minute, how many times have I punched you throughout the years?  Now 
think, how many of those punches knocked you out?"  Nagi furrowed her brow in 
thought, and when it hit her, she looked at Ryoko in surprise.  "And that was a 
sixth of his full power.  Not so primitive, is he?"  She said, with a smile 
(Although from my angle, I couldn't see it, but I knew she had one).

     Nagi continued to dismiss this claim as lunacy, until Ryoko gave a little 
tale of my exploits.  "You remember Kagato's ship, Souja, right?"  Nagi nodded 
her remembrance, before Ryoko said, "Second in power only to the Tsunami, well 
he destroyed it.  In one swipe he killed Kagato... well one of his shadows, and 
split the ship clean in half.  Then there was the time he literally, stood in a 
black hole.  He did all this with three wings, and now he has seven wings... per 
body.  So, forty-two light-hawk wings -- plus the years of training, means his 
primitive ass could kill you faster than your body could process your death."  
Nagi's expression was a pale one, and in a moment of knife twisting, Ryoko added 
this tidbit: "Look on the bright side, you're the only person who's ever hurt me 
that's still alive.  But if you don't believe me, I could always pretend you 
tried to attack me and let him demonstrate."  Nagi stated she wasn't afraid of 
me, but she thought it was best to not disturb the calm atmosphere with unneeded 
violence.  In other words, she was afraid to fight me (For now).  And after 
listening to Ryoko's story, I was sort of afraid of myself.

     Eventually they went dormant for awhile, at which time I decided to 
leave... until Ryoko started talking again.  "Have you ever thought of settling 
down?  I mean besides the whole evil red eye thing, you don't look that bad.  
I'm sure you've had to meet at least one nice girl... guy, whatever in your 
travels."  This was a chance to see if my suspicions were true, those being, she 
secretly desired Ryoko.  "WHAT!  What is it with you people?  Just because I 
don't flop around like a fish out of water over a guy, you automatically assume 
I like women."  Nagi growled this obviously, being a subject she'd encountered 
before.  Ryoko ignored her frustration and pressed her further, causing Nagi to 
finally cough up her reason for staying alone.  "It's not like I wasn't pursued 
by men.  In bars, it was all they could do this or that to me in the bedroom.  
And after awhile I started testing these supposed, "sex machines", out.  Two out 
of ten were done before I was undressed.  Three out of the remaining eight were 
weird, fetish freaks.  The others were all a bunch of hot air, that did whatever 
I said once they were sober enough to realize who I was."  She said bitterly.  

     I should mention this is where Nagi's floodgates widen.  After Ryoko 
suggested meeting someone outside of a bar, Nagi said, "You say that like I 
haven't tried!  Do you realize how hard it is to find someone, when everyone 
thinks you..." She slowed her rant, which Ryoko finished.  "When everyone thinks 
you're a monster."  Nagi didn't speak; she just nodded with a confused look on 
her face.  "Why?  All I ever did was try to make everything safe.  Sure, I 
started to get off on the whole head hunting thing but that doesn't make me a 
monster."  If her voice didn't stay together, I would've sworn she was crying.  
Ryoko did the unexpected, by putting her arm around her and saying, "Don't take 
it so hard.  If I can find somebody willing to forget all the bad I've done, I 
know you can."  My first thought at this point was "Nagi's going to try and 
break her arm off for touching her."  Wrong again, so far I was batting straight 
zeros.  Nagi made no moves to be released, but she did voice some disagreement 
with what Ryoko had to say.  

     "That's just it.  I don't consider any of what I've done, bad.  That's why 
I've accepted my fate, which is to stay alone."  Her voice broke as she reached 
the end, but she hid it beneath a small cough.  It was from there she admitted 
to simply shunning every advance that came her way... for the last three hundred 
years!  "How can you complain about being alone, if you aren't even willing to 
try?"  Ryoko asked with unhindered annoyance.  "Who said I was complaining?  
Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't mind finding someone, but that someone is going 
to have to be strong.  Because I absolutely refuse to waste anymore time on the 
weaklings, I seem to attract.  So, when a MAN comes along strong enough to be my 
equal, I'll "settle down".  But I'm not going to settle for anyone less than 
that."  Nagi said, while folding her arms in a cocky manner.  

     Ryoko sighed plaintively, as she said, "If you turn down every guy that 
tries to get close to you, how will you ever know which one is the right one?"  
This was obviously a flaw in her plan, and I could tell as she sat in angered 
silence.  After awhile we all heard Washu's door open, at which time Nagi simply 
said, "I'll know."  Then her and Ryoko quickly parted close company to keep up 
the show they hated each other.  I decided to go back to my room then, because I 
felt confident that Ryoko and Nagi had reached the understanding I hoped for.  
However, underneath the confidence lied the reality this could be a trick, 
because a couple of millenium's worth of fighting just can't be quelled in three 
weeks.  Even Ayeka and Ryoko took years to reach their coexistence, which is 
probably why I didn't give Nagi the boot after that.          

  



*Prelude to the bad*

             
     

     July 23, 1999 A date which will live in infamy.  All right enough with the 
cheesy Pearl Harbor mocking, but this is the Masaki Family equivalent.  We'd all 
come together for dinner that night, all the Tenchi and all the women; even Nagi 
came out of her room to dine with us, at the insistence of Sasami.  After 
Grandpa strolled in a few minutes late, the magic happened.  In other words, we 
all began to gorge ourselves like starved pigs.  Ten minutes, twenty minutes, 
and eventually thirty minutes would pass and Ryoko and Nagi didn't come to 
blows.  "Would someone pass the fried rice?"  Ryoko's simple question made me 
freeze.  I (Ryoko's me) cautiously held my breath, as I saw where it was 
located.  Nagi, why did it have to be in front of Nagi?  I'd seen Ryoko and 
Ayeka come to blows over cookies, so I expected this would end no differently.  
Ah, ah, ah, as I was about to get up and get the rice myself, when Nagi said, 
"Here."

     That's right, she passed the rice with not so much as a hint of aggression.  
Then to top it all off Nagi and Ryoko both looked at me and said, "I bet you 
thought we were going to fight, didn't you?"  I tried not to choke on the crab 
cake that was partially hanging from my lip, but by then, they'd resumed eating.  
Even after I'd witnessed their little exchange on the couch awhile back, they'd 
become very argumentative towards each other (When they rarely saw each other 
anyway).  This worked to make me believe they were putting on a show for me that 
day.  So, does that mean they had a deal of some sort?  I don't know.  Does it 
mean they're both biding time to have it out when I'm not around?  I still don't 
know.  I was leaning toward the later at one point.  But if that were the case, 
why was she waiting so long to strike?  And why do I ask questions I can't 
answer?  That, I'll tell you; it serves to keep me a paranoid mess, like in the 
old days.  Well, whatever the case they weren't fighting.  So, to keep the peace 
I didn't question their actions.  I just left it alone.

     Now, dinner ended on a lovely note with Grandpa retreating to the shrine 
and the rest of us settling in with a movie.  You can pretty-much guess the 
atmosphere of the room at this point.  Let me set the scene: a dark room with 
only a TV light source, six men and six women, (Eight, if you count Nagi 
[Tsunami being the seventh, although she's in Sasami's body]) all with very high 
sex drives.  Add to the fact, all of them were perched on my respective laps, 
made the movie quickly fade into nothing.  Quick kisses turned into lingering 
ones, as gentle touches blended gracefully, into urgent pawing.  A sign we're 
this comfortable with each other or a sign we're that sexually repressed we 
don't care who's watching?  A little of both, if you ask me.  Anyway, as we're 
about to enter full on marathon mode, a faint scratching came from the door.  

     While only the Tenchi that was closest to the door could hear it, us being 
that close the noise was amplified through us all.  "*Grumbling* I'll get it."  
Ayeka's me, finally said.  She mumbled some choice words at the interloping 
party, before I stood and cut the lights on.  Everyone put his or her hormones 
in check, as I opened the door to ruination.  The moment the door is slid far 
enough open, a young woman covered in mud (Despite the drought), and tattered 
clothes stumbled in and collapsed us both to the floor.  Even though her face 
was covered in mud I felt like I knew her from some where, but I didn't get the 
connection until she said, "Tenchi?"  A surge of random images played through my 
head and the pain it caused, sent me into one body.  

     Eventually the pain stopped, when I finally woke up the faces I'd come to 
love surrounded me.  "Well, this is a nice scene to wake up to."  I said, slowly 
sitting up on Washu's medical table.  They smiled, but all too quickly, returned 
to blank stares.  "Go clean yourself up, Tenchi."  Washu said, which was 
surprising.  Considering her first fit, I thought she'd demand to test the hell 
out of me, seeing I'd passed out and suddenly merged.  I didn't argue it, 
because the images in my head were swirling in a mass of confusion and I figured 
a bath would do me good.  Too bad the good was going to be shot to... shit in a 
few moments.  I made for the lab door before stopping to look at the woman in 
the tank a while longer with her long, dark-blue, almost black hair floating in 
a fan pattern pointing skyward.  Even though, I had never seen her before in my 
life, some how I had.

     "Well, don't just stand there or the mud will clump, Lord Tenchi."  Ayeka 
said, breaking my daze.  I did as instructed, but as I walked carefully up the 
stairs to get my robe, the images starting flashing again.  A girl who seemed a 
lot like Ryoko when it came to her need for my attention.  Then a flash of Washu 
(Kid Washu) popping out of my toilet in some little apartment, next I was 
running across this city and finally me crying over this picture.  From that 
little sight, I assumed Washu could tell me who this girl was in my brain all of 
a sudden, after all, this was a new scene of her as well.  I turned and marched 
back down the steps toward the lab; maybe I was being unintentionally, stealthy.  
Whatever the case, I managed to get back in the lab without being heard, and 
that was probably because of the bickering.

   

*The Bad Begins*

            
     Ryoko, Mihoshi, Kiyone, Washu, Ayeka, and Sasami-Tsunami were all arguing 
as a mass of words at first.  But then, "I thought, we all agreed to erase his 
mind of her forever!  By the way he was just staring at her, I say he still 
remembers!"  Ryoko's voice echoed around the blank space, as I waited for the 
logical explanation behind this (From the shadows of course).  Washu was the 
next to speak and she didn't help the case any, "I DID erase his memories of 
her.  If he remembered her, I doubt he would've left to take a bath."  Yep, the 
perfect couples just hit a major stumbling block.  It turns out; I'm missing a 
good five or six month's worth of memories.  In that time, I was an apprentice 
to a Shinto Priest friend of Grandpa's in, Tokyo.  Then I met a girl named, 
Sakuya, who I apparently fell in love with.  I later asked him why he never told 
me about any of this, which he replied with: "You never asked."  How do you ask 
about something you can't remember?  Exactly, you don't.  

     No one noticed when I walked over to the tank, which I was silently 
thankful for.  I took that time to study her and try to rebuild on the little 
memory of her I had.  Bit by bit, I slowly recalled the faint feel of her lips 
against my own, and the way she beat herself up after she saw me with Ryoko in 
the park that night.  Different hair and a more developed body, but it was 
definitely the same girl.  This was the defining point and the events that 
follow are without a doubt, the worst in my life.  "So, you all decided to just 
take a group vote and erase my mind.  A quick question if you don't mind, where 
the hell was I when the voting took place?"  I said it with absolute calm in my 
voice, but absolute anger in my heart.  I felt like I did when they all moved 
in, totally helpless.  In that helplessness also lies, fear.  A fear that makes 
me realize who and in some cases, what they are.  While I possess a great deal 
of power, that little stunt proved it was still dwarfed when it came to Washu.

     I stared at my own reflection, cautiously watching them incase they tried 
to do the same thing again.  Sasami-Tsunami placed a hand on my shoulder, which 
I shrugged off, but she spoke anyway.  "You looked so sad once she was gone."  
She said quietly, which only lead to another outburst from me.  I continued to 
watch Sakuya (The only name I knew her by at the time), until Washu tried to 
make me understand.  She spoke with a casual tone, as she said, "We thought it 
would be the best solution.  Because after I scanned her brain, I learned the 
Sakuya part of it was gone.  Then after Ryoko got your hopes up with Yugi 
growing up and becoming Sakuya, I couldn't crush you with the truth like that."  
This did little to improve my mood, and when Ryoko mumbled, "We tolerate you for 
all these years, only to have the little mutant girl take you away..." I didn't 
know which hurt worse at that point.  A word with only eight letters (Tolerate) 
that are only akin to my parents' deaths, when it came time to cause me physical 
pain.     

     A simple equation, Hurt + anger = Stupid Tenchi.  "Oh, so I've simply been 
tolerated for all these years?"  I said, staring at Ryoko's angry face.  To say 
this was the icing would be an understatement, but it was definitely another 
defining point.  "After all we've done for you, you have the nerve to get mad at 
us?  How many times have we saved your pathetic little life?  Blown up, shot 
down or just out right tortured and we never asked for anything in return.  But 
no, she drops out of some side dimension and we're immediately dropped like bad 
sushi."  Ryoko spat, with a margin of venom I never thought would be aimed at 
me.  To be honest, I felt like crying then.  But of course, anger kept that in 
check.  The next words out of my mouth were, "How many times did I ask for any 
of this?  Not once, I was just born and something decided to drop this all in my 
lap.  One day it's a typical day of school, the next, a woman is trying to end 
my "pathetic little life".  Said woman then decides to call my home hers, which 
is another decision I had no say in.  Now, you make it sound like this is 
something I planned on.  I live seventeen "normal" years and in three months; my 
entire life is flipped upside down.  But does anyone give me ONE minute to 
adjust?  Nope, it's just one bombardment after another."  

     "Blah, blah, blah, we know.  What's your point?"  Ryoko said.  That shocked 
me a little too much, but I pressed on.  "So is the group idea, I can't love 
anyone outside of you six... seven?  I can't love anyone else in the entire 
universe because you've helped save my life?"  Tick tock, tick, tock and not 
even one of them denied it.  I was verging on sheer hatred at this point, but I 
somehow held it in.  "Do you know how bad this feels, to know you loved someone, 
but only have three good memories of them?  Sad or not, those were MY memories 
to do with as I saw fit.  If I wanted to wallow in self-pity for awhile, it was 
my choice to make.  None of you had the right to make that decision, and Washu, 
you definitely didn't have the right to do that to me.  So, if saving my life a 
couple of times means you can make these types of choices for me..." I trailed, 
as I teleported to the door.  "Don't bother."  I said, while exiting.

     I stood outside the door for a few moments trying to think of... something.  
But all I could arrive at was, "None of them denied it."  Somehow, the tables 
had been switched.  It was no longer me tolerating the odd space women living in 
my home.  They were now tolerating me, but for what?  And the reason I arrived 
at made me more upset.  I thought they were all using me as nothing more than a 
sexual device.  I tried to shake the thought the moment it surfaced, but the 
more I fought, the truer it became.  "The only time any of us have sex is when 
they want to.  No matter what time it is if they want it, it's expected to be 
done."  It was only reinforced by the merged memory of being in one body.  Washu 
was coming off a fifteen or more thousand year dry spell.  And the same thing 
applied to the rest of them, which made my self-esteem about as high as ant 
knees.

     At that time I realized something else, I can't go home.  This wasn't like 
having an ordinary girlfriend or girlfriends, where a fight means you can go 
home.  All but two of mine lived with me, so that was out of the question.  So, 
where do you go when you can't go home?  A Shinto Shrine on a mountain?  Nope, 
because you partially blame the man out there for your predicament.  And rather 
than listen to him talk his way out of helping me, I decided to go up on the 
roof.  The gift of teleportation eased my journey to solitude, well everything 
except the solitude part anyway.  "Done so soon?"  Nagi asked.  I was too upset 
to argue or answer simple questions, so I lay down on the opposite side of the 
roof and stared at the moon.  It was a long, pathetic three hours sitting up 
there, listening to the sounds of nature.  

     "Nagi, a quick question if you don't mind.  In the past, did I strike you 
as pathetic?"  As the final word left my mouth, I knew I'd hit rock bottom.  I 
mean who goes to Nagi for emotional support (The guy asking this pointless 
question)?  "Pathetic?  How so?"  She says after a moment of contemplation.  I 
press my luck even further by saying, "For all my whining, all my complaining, 
and for asking you this?"  I sat in silence, waiting for her to take this moment 
to crush my psyche under her foot.  Taking the high road again, Nagi said, "You 
came to house two GP officers, a notorious space pirate, a mad scientist, two 
princesses, stay silent about my treacherous cabbit, while hiding his fugitive 
girlfriend, and somehow managed to stay sane, I'd say you're okay."  

     Wow!  I was impressed, but I knew something was off when she added the Ryo-
ohki and Ken-ohki thing.  I turned around to take a better look at her and to my 
shock (Yeah, right) I saw a nice collection of empty saki bottles.  "Ah, you're 
drunk.  No wonder I'm "okay"."  I said, in part to myself.  To make me 
reconsider; she managed a back flip to land on my side of the roof, without 
spilling her drink.  "I wish.  I've been drinking this crap for two hours and 
I'm still sober."  She complained, while taking another swig.  "And whose man 
are you?"  She asked placing the cork back in the giant bottle.  I told her it 
didn't matter, because at the time it didn't.  "I'm just a dick with a body.  I 
fell in love with six women, who I thought all loved me.  Heh, turns out I'm 
their little plaything.  Yep, after all these years I was only "allowed" to love 
them.  If anyone else came along who didn't fight the monsters, THEY brought on 
upon us I couldn't love them.  If I did, *snap* they take a vote and erase my 
mind."  As I finished, I was presented with a bottle of saki.  

     "Sounds like you need this more than I do."  She said.  For a brief moment 
I pushed the bottle away, then I said, "On second thought..." Keep in mind, I'm 
not a seasoned drinker or a drinker at all.  But I turned up the vintage bottle 
and hastily drank as much as I could.  I'd remembered Ryoko's little story about 
my strength, so I let that arrogance play over into how much alcohol I could 
consume.  And by the time that bottle was finished, I was out on my feet.  
"See... Grandpa was this nutty little warrior prince.  Then he decided to 
chicken out of being a prince, but no, no, no, he saddled me with his old 
position."  Nagi watched me, with a small amount of humor as I stumbled across 
the roof, blaming Grandpa for my problems.  "You wanna know something?  I said, 
DO YOU WANNA KNOW SOMETHING?  They don't care about me!  No, they just wanna 
fuck me!  Or make me rule a planet they're too afraid to rule themselves.  Well 
they can all go to Hell!"  I emphasized my (Weak) point by trying to throw the 
empty bottle all the way to the shrine.

     "So, why are you out here?"  I asked, falling to my knees (And almost 
rolling of the roof).  She turned, almost like she'd forgotten I was there, 
before she said, "They got all panicky when you passed out, so I decided to 
leave."  My liquor-saturated mind made me shout my denial (They only want a 
certain body part) through the countryside again.  I teetered along the peak of 
the roof for awhile before Nagi decided to play Ryoko to my version of her.  "I 
don't know why I'm even saying this, you'll forget it by the time you sober up; 
but none of that is true.  So the funny red head erased a few good memories, is 
that worth giving up the legions of new ones you could make?"  For a brief 
moment, I sobered up and thought about that.  There was no guarantee what I had 
before would've lasted, but at the same time, it wasn't right.  I'd forgiven 
them for putting me in the situations that they "saved me" from, which were all 
really situations I'd saved us all from.  Still, the idea of being a possession, 
rather than an equal partner in my relationships made me feel worthless.  

     "But maybe they took the, YOUR Tenchi, part too seriously.  Wait a minute, 
I wasn't THEIR Tenchi then."  Reasons quickly poured from my brain, all to be 
squashed just as quickly as they came.  "If they care, why didn't they deny any 
of what I said?"  I asked her, hoping she would give me a reason to run back in 
the house (Phase through the roof) and apologize.  "Did you give them time to 
explain or did you do the typical, talk on and on and then leave in a flash when 
no one responded in three seconds?"  Damn, she nailed me like a fish in a barrel 
with that one.  Again, this left me cleaning up the mess.  I DID storm out too 
quickly, I DIDN'T give them enough time to explain, and I wasn't sure anymore, 
if they had made such a bad choice.  I was on my way back in when another 
question formed, "If they knew they hurt me this much, why didn't they look for 
me?  With all the noise I was making, they had to hear me."  Nagi's advice pool 
dried up on me there, and my drunken haze returned.  "Well, if they think I'm 
apologizing they can forget it!"  She looked frustrated; her moment to be rid of 
my drunken whines vanished because she couldn't think of any more positive words 
to say.




*Enter the bad*



               
     We'd been sitting on that roof for at least a couple of hours, in which 
time, I'd managed to repeat my dilemma ten or twenty times (Notice, no one still 
had come to look for me).  "How could they do that to me?  How... hey...!"  My 
alcohol-oiled hinges began to grind together, and the stupidest idea I ever 
hatched was born.  "You still wanna hunt Ryoko?"  I don't know if one of my 
other halves was doing this, but I was trying desperately to pull that offer off 
the table.  "Of course I do!  But what's the catch?"  She said, springing to 
life again.  "One catch, you have to hunt me down.  You win, she's yours."  I 
said bitterly.  Logically, I was screaming to be heard and to keep this from 
taking place, but the damn saki had other plans.  "Okay, but what's to keep you 
from killing me when you wake up and realize what you've done?  With my ship 
destroyed I can't get off this planet, and your communication systems can't 
reach far enough into space to get me a ride."  She said.  AH-HA!  Drunk Tenchi 
solved this problem by volunteering to hi-jack the Yagami, and let her use it to 
escape.  

     "You said if I win, so does that mean you'll be hunting me too?"  I nodded, 
which proved some of my reasoning was there.  Because if she was the only person 
hunting it was a sure thing, Ryoko was hers... unless Ryoko killed her.  And 
that would be the case seeing as, Nagi, didn't have a single weapon.  "If you're 
hunting me, what do you get if you... by some miracle, win?"  She asked, arching 
the suspicious eyebrow.  "I won't."  I said without slurring.  Sad isn't it?  
Sentencing Nagi to be killed by Ryoko, all because I was feeling a little 
hurt... betrayed... used... unwanted.  Anyway, it was a dirty thing to do.  I 
established I wouldn't be using my swords (Remember, in one body I'm sort of a 
male Ryoko... power wise), then we also agreed on none lethal trappings.  I'll 
lay it all out here; things get a whole lot worse before they get better at this 
point in the story.

     Traveling through the darkened forest brought up another pointless (So I 
thought at the time) training session with Grandpa.  "Your enemy will not care 
if you've had too much to drink.  So, you must learn to call on your training, 
even at this most inopportune of times."  Funny, I don't even control my 
training as much as it controls me, situations arise and it springs to life.  
Which is what exactly happened on that night.  I'd begun to accelerate my 
breathing and heart rate to burn the alcohol in my system up quicker.  The 
drawback to this technique was it sent the alcohol to your brain in a giant 
dose, leaving you extremely disorientated (I.E. it would intensify my 
drunkenness five times over).  It would be awhile before that happened, so all I 
had to do now was find Nagi to make sure she didn't find me.  Notice some 
rational thought had returned, but it swirled for a minute when the rains came.  

     I was starting to regret the fifteen-minute head start at this point, 
because we both went in separate directions and there were acres of forest to go 
through.  A T-shirt, shorts, and a pair of running shoes were my only cover so 
the rain was starting to get to me.  I decided to use a little trick, while I 
agreed I wouldn't use any of my built in weapons, I never said I wouldn't fly.  
So, I took to the air to see if I could spot her... in the rain... at night... 
in a thick forest.  Another reason that should've clued my drunken self in to 
how bad this idea really was.  As if being wet and drunk weren't enough, I was 
entering the part where all the alcohol rushed into my brain.  This sent me 
spiraling back to Earth, fortunately, I had enough presence of mind to slow my 
decent (A little) so I wasn't hurt too bad from the impact.  I lay in the mud 
for a minute to let my mind steady, which was also part of his teaching; "You'll 
need some time to recover based on how much you drank, so use your moment of 
clarity to find a worthwhile hiding place."  A lesson realized too late.  I 
spent my clarity already and the last time I did this, I was running on a cup of 
saki.  So, the half a bottle I drank meant I'd be down for awhile.

     Luck was the only thing going in my favor now.  I could only lie there and 
hope Nagi decided to cancel our arrangement.  That and I hoped she wouldn't find 
me.  After lying there for a while, I illuminated my watch and saw it was pretty 
close to 1 A.M.  My depression resurfaced as I realized they probably weren't 
coming to find me.  I felt a lot more stable, so I decided I better get back to 
my mission.  "Gotcha!"  I heard from somewhere in the rain.  I flipped up to my 
feet just in time to miss her foot's impact with my head.  "Well, how do we 
decide who wins?  It wasn't like we set up a base or anything, so simply finding 
each other doesn't constitute winning."  She said, ignoring the fact she just 
tried to smash my face.  I didn't have to ask what she was thinking of to settle 
this, but I asked anyway.  This led to her saying a fight that'll end when one 
of us can't stand.  Before we began, she altered the kimono she wore (One of 
Kiyone's old ones from this restaurant she worked at), by ripping it off at 
about mid-thigh to better kick me I suppose.  

     No sucker punches this time.  She was fully alert and ready for the 
attacks, so off we went.  Squishing through the mud, we collided.  To complicate 
my task of beating her (Scoring another knockout punch), our lighting source was 
only pale moonlight and the occasional lightening flash.  Drunk, low light, and 
a woman who gets off on fighting pushed the martial arts part of my training 
into full gear.  "Ah!"  I missed a kick and she leveled her fist into my 
stomach, but in her satisfactory hesitation, I swept her off her feet.  I leapt 
back a few feet to give her space, after all this wasn't about damaging anyone 
seriously.  "Not bad..." I thought, while rubbing the bruise she'd probably left 
on my stomach.  "Ready?"  She asked, but I was already flopping towards her.  We 
threw more punches and kicks, which were only evaded, until I landed one.  She 
cascaded across the ground before stopping against a tree.  At this time, I 
should note it is said that along with light hawk wings, some members of the 
royal family possessed a great physical strength.  While Grandpa isn't one of 
them, I believe Azusa is.  (Funaho being human and all, sort of puts her out of 
the ranking.)  

     Which probably explains where I got it.  I became overly cautious of this 
when I started to break stuff.  So, after years of focusing I managed to mute it 
and tend to only use it to carry things (I.E. the giant baskets of vegetables 
from the garden).  I didn't control it when I hit her though, so this stumbling 
block sent me into panic mode.  "Are you all right?  I didn't mean to you hit 
you that-- AAAH!"  I screamed as a clump of mud hit me in my eyes.  "Ha, this is 
too easy!  Come on, little man!  You aren't even trying!"  She shouted, while 
punctuating her statements with massive punches and kicks.  This was her moment 
to shine.  Kicking the ass of the weakling whom captured her, and proving that 
her rival's story was a bunch of BS.  But it wasn't total BS, because my calm 
gave way to frustration and as I saw a blur of her fist, I caught it and threw 
her against a tree... almost as I hard as I could.  The rain had washed the mud 
away (From my eyes anyway), so I teleported in just as she stood up.  "Give up."  
I said, working at about half my usual capacity at this point.

     Nagi's eyes seemed to flash for a moment, before she refused and took a 
futile swing, telling me to give up.  "Look... LOOK!"  I yelled taking a hold of 
both of her hands.  "If I give up and you try for Ryoko, she'll kill you.  Do 
you understand that?  She won't run away happy to still be alive, because she 
isn't afraid of you anymore.  This time she will outright kill you."  I waited 
for my water logged reasoning to sink in, but Nagi had a seal's coat when it 
came to that.  "That's the point.  Now either you knock me out or let me go, 
because one way or another, it ends here."  She said, trying to scare me with 
her usual lifeless stare.  But unlike in the past, this time it really was 
lifeless.  I thought for sure this idea was squashed after her talk with Ryoko, 
but here it was alive and kicking.  Maybe in my own drunken way, I was trying to 
ignite the life in her eyes again or maybe it was the fact I became aware of how 
close we were.  It was almost like I was watching someone else when I began to 
make my approach.  "What are you doing?"  She asked, suddenly grabbing my throat 
to keep our lips apart.  I didn't verbally answer at first; I just stared at her 
while I tried to force myself back.  

     "Tell me to stop."  I eventually said, because my body wasn't listening to 
my brain (Beyond the one below the belt).  I began to undo the knot in her 
kimono still she said nothing.  "Tell me to stop."  This time... her grip 
loosened, allowing our lips to meet.  Apparently, she didn't make a pit stop for 
underwear before coming here, because she was stark naked under that thing.  
"What are you doing?"  She asked again, this time pulling my shirt off.  As if 
it wasn't obvious... never the less, I answered with, "I don't know."  I hoisted 
her up as she undid my shorts, apparently thinking the same thing I was, "No 
time to waste, they may come looking for us."  In a few moments, I would be 
inside of her, and cheating on seven women who probably considered her the least 
of their worries.  That wasn't so, though, because I continued to please her as 
I did the seven of them.  "Yes..." She whispered as I drove in again.  Nagi 
wasn't as vocal as I was accustomed to, but she let it be known I was doing 
something right.  

     I gently, kept my hips rocking forward in time with hers, watching, as her 
eyes seem to spark back to the land of the living.  Her insides began to urge me 
into her deeper then, and by the way she was breathing, I knew she was about to 
go.  "Ten..." She caught herself, not willing to voice I was the one doing this 
to her.  I didn't mind, because I had a feeling she'd never want that 
verbalized.  Finally, in time with a tremendous thunderclap she gave into me.  
Muffling her screams by biting down on my collarbone, she made a low sobbing 
like sound as she convulsed in genuine orgasm.  As I pulled back to see her 
reaction, she quickly kissed me.  We fought a miniature battle with our tongues 
before she backed out of the kiss, "Mmmm, pity this'll be over once the saki 
wears off."  She said.  I thought for a few seconds and then I realized 
something, I wasn't drunk at all.  I was completely sober after the mud; I was 
just trying to convince myself otherwise.  So, when I said, "It's been off since 
you threw the mud."  Her eyes widened, but she quickly recomposed herself.

     "You know we can never do this again, right?"  Nagi said, taking leave of 
the fact I was still inside of her.  "Why not?"  Okay, so maybe I was still a 
bit tipsy.  "For starters, who ever it is you belong to will probably try to 
kill me..." Nagi slowed as my face soured to her comment.  I slowly said, "Get 
this straight, I'm not their anything.  I'm mine and only mine.  I can just be 
six of me, yet it still doesn't change the fact that I'm my own person.  
Understand?"  She nodded, while briefly shuddering at my withdrawal.  "Whoa, 
you're still... hard?"  She said, as I searched for my clothes.  "Yeah, you said 
it's been about three hundred years, so I figured I should go easy on you."  
Passing a small smile on to her, I resumed searching the bushes until I felt my 
legs fall from under me.  I was staring at the sky but all too soon, she was 
astride me.  "I'll show you easy."  Nagi smiled that trademark smirk before I 
teleported out.  

     "And I'll show you hard..." I whispered from behind her.  She smiled while 
struggling to regain the upper hand, but again succumbed to my strength as I 
roughly, (By her own fault) entered her.  This pattern continued for a while, 
she'd break away from me and try to wrestle me down, and then I'd gain the upper 
hand and lay into her as hard as I could.  I knew she was wearing down once I 
chased her to another tree, she just hugged it and let me take her from behind.  
Covered in mud, sweat, and rainwater, we did something that night I've never 
experienced.  It was almost primal, caveman like sex.  No spoken words or 
whispers, just a bunch of skin slapping, grunting, and moaning.  "Ah!  Do you 
like that?"  I asked, finally using a modern form of communication, while 
pulling roughly on her hair (Which seems to really bring her to life).  She 
growled a noisy, yes, as I pulled her hair and pushed in harder.  For what 
seemed like a small eternity, we cried out in an almost unbearably, good (Good, 
great, mind altering, etc.) climax.  Emphasizing each spray of my loins, with a 
jarring thrust into her orgasm induced tightness. 

     You want to hear something sad?  This isn't even the bad part yet!  "Okay, 
now I'm confused.  You said you're sober, right?"  She asked in between gasps 
for breath.  I confirmed as much, but I wasn't sure.  That was some of the best 
sex I'd ever had and to my knowledge, this wasn't a thing based in love.  This 
was purely lust driven, so what did I do then?  "This doesn't have to end, if 
you don't want it to."  I said finally, getting bearings enough to stand.  
"What?  You want me to be your secret live in whore or something?"  She asked 
turning to face me.  I explained it wouldn't be anything on that level, not with 
my demented plan.  "No, this won't be a secret anything.  We could be in the 
middle of the kitchen and they couldn't say anything..." From there we got 
dressed, as I walked her through my plan.  It was time to see if that blank wing 
could support a body without having a person to love present within it.  "You do 
realize this is only physical, right?"  She said as we made our way back towards 
the house.  I replied with, "Yeah."  I'd succeeded in ending her suicidal run 
for Ryoko and here I was risking the same thing... for an extra person to sleep 
with.  

     We made it to the house around 4:30 in the morning, and I took the time to 
check my room for Ryoko.  In a way, I was sad by not finding her there or any of 
them in the house for that matter.  "No one's home..." I whispered down to her 
from my balcony.  She made the leap up and from there... the lab.  
"Illumination, thirty percent."  I called out into the darkness of the subspace 
laboratory.  Seven spotlights lit up the path between the tanks and the control 
panel.  "Why are you doing this?"  She asked, watching me bring the program 
parameters online.  "Why do you care?"  She snorted, adding she didn't care, but 
was more curious.  "Whatever, hit this button when I tell you to."  I told her, 
while disrobing for a venture into the soul-separating realm again.  Shuffling 
through my wings, I found the bleach white wing and told her to do her thing.  
The only way I can think to describe the process is it's like having the wind 
knocked out of you.  That and extreme fatigue, except this time it went beyond 
that.  The process usually lasted five minutes, now it was heading into double-
digit minutes.  Then it hit me, I forgot to take one of Ryoko's hairs in with 
me. 

     Just as I was about to scream in pain, it stopped.  This is where the 
perspective shifts, as I was now looking down at the complete (Passed out) me.  
Fatigue had somehow, escaped affecting that body.  I got a little rambunctious 
(Seeing how the first time I did this, the wings caused me to about fall 
unconscious) when I called on the wings; every single one of them was blank this 
time around.  In that body's conscious, I wasn't emotionally connected to any of 
them.  I didn't hate them, but at the same time, I didn't love them.  They'd in 
essence been reduced to the state of friends.  Now don't get me wrong, I wasn't 
hostile or filled with rage, they just weren't the center of my universe.  "Heh, 
heh I'm free.  HaHaHaHa!"  I wasn't bound with (In love with any of them) anyone 
or anything; I wasn't bound to the collective by the usual fatigue symptoms, it 
was like I was in the beginning.  "Hit the blue one."  I told her after a while, 
so I could get out.  Once I was out in the open, I decided to test for any of 
Ryoko abilities... I had them all!  "Wheee!"  I shouted flying a few test loops, 
with no guilt of my prior actions (Which I [collective me] was feeling after I 
was done).  "A moment of your time... Loopy."  Nagi asked sarcastically.  

     "Ah, come here my red eyed friend."  I said, flying her into the air with 
me.  "What, put me down!  I said..." She silenced as I discovered a new use for 
Ryoko's powers.  About one hundred or so feet off the ground, I had her pinned 
against the wall screwing her senseless.  I didn't ask and she didn't refuse so 
we went with it.  Odd as it seems, knowing she only wanted me physically seemed 
to be all right.  I guess because it was mutual, no pretend "I love you" just 
plain and simply, "Fuck me!"  It wasn't exactly a relationship, but we were both 
sex toys so I guess we were equal in whatever it was... err is.  I use is 
because it still exists, but we're jumping ahead now.  Back at the lab, we'd 
successfully managed to have sex (The primal variety), on and in every way 
(Minus any of the anal or oral) conceivable.  I guess while we were going at it 
on the control board, one of us hit the emergency signal... which feeds into 
Washu's lab.  I was remotely aware of the flashing lights, but Nagi finally 
pushed me up enough to tell me to turn it off.  



*From bad to worse*



     I'd assumed Washu missed the signal, unfortunately, the distinctive "Ahem!" 
proved me otherwise.  There we were, naked, sweaty and joined below the belt.  
"What the hell?  Ten... Nagi!"  I turned around to see the whole gang, and I do 
mean the whole gang.  Washu, Mihoshi, Kiyone, Ryoko, Sasami-Tsunami, Ayeka, and 
introducing Yugi.  The later of the group still being quite child-like in mind, 
"Eeew!  I don't believe I'm seeing this, are you Sasami?"  She asked turning to 
face the person... being, in question.  "I wouldn't believe it if I weren't 
seeing it."  A voice of equal Sasami and Tsunami said.  I scanned the angry, 
saddened, and confused expressions of the crowd yet I didn't feel emotionally 
bad.  It was like having a friend tell you they lost a pet, you feel bad for 
they're loss but it isn't a devastating thing to you.  As I stood, I flashed a 
carefree smile at the naked woman below me who said, "I'd kill for my whip right 
about now."  She mumbled sitting up on the panel.  "Heh, we try to get you your 
precious, Sakuya, back and you do this?"  Ryoko said shaking her glowing fist.  
So, that explained why they never came to find me.  They were in the lab trying 
to get Yugi to reproduce her, "Yeah, I meant to apologize about that.  I can 
make a new one, though, but she won't remember anything about you."  I declined, 
which sent the room batty.

     This is where the Tenchi in the cylinder wakes up.  My head felt like it'd 
been hit with a brick and the yelling in the distance only worsened the 
situation.  "How could I have been so stupid, I should've killed you when you 
were knocked out!  And you... AAAH!"  Ryoko screamed, while charging toward Nagi 
with sword in hand.  "AH!  None of that, I'm completely innocent.  The Tenchi 
you need to talk to is back there... he should be waking up in a few."  I said 
blocking the attack with a sword like her own.  "Lord Tenchi!  I will not 
tolerate..." Ayeka began, but soon ended as I shook my head.  It went full 
circle with each woman trying to determine who I was, boiling down to me saying, 
"Here's a hint."  Seven wings, all the SAME size appeared before them... blank.  
"Like I said, the Tenchi you want is back there."  I said letting the wings fade 
away.  Tank Tenchi, was now remembering what he had done in the hours of past.  
An argument about erased memories ends in infidelity and infidelity ending with 
a spiteful idea to make another body to parade the act.  

     In the link with my other self, I learned they were willing to give me 
another chance with a new Sakuya.  My thinking they didn't care was crushed 
remembering (Remembering because it had been a while since they told him) that.  
I tried to call on the anger I felt from hearing Ryoko say they tolerated me, 
but then all I could think was it was a group toleration.  If I could freely 
say, I tolerated them as houseguests, why couldn't they say they tolerated me in 
some form?  It wasn't like I was always the perfect host, especially when it 
came to situations involving Ryoko.  Blew up, shot down, or down right tortured 
were experiences she'd went through to help me and she never did ask for 
anything.  Then the excuse of her bringing all the trouble onto the house, that 
wasn't completely true.  I released her, so she became my responsibility in a 
way.  So, whatever came about consequently was my fault.  Lastly, accusing them 
all of expecting to control my life wasn't true.  They did something they 
thought was in my benefit and I knew their eccentricities well enough to know 
they go overboard sometimes.  So, I should've cut them major slack on that.  
There were no more excuses to hide behind, so it was time to beg, plead, or eat 
glass for their forgiveness.    

     Now it was time to face the music...






A/N: I know what some of you are thinking right now, "How could you bring Yugi 
back with no Sakuya?"  The answer to that is a simple one, I liked the Nagi 
character more.  Almost every story I've seen her in she's A: A lesbian B: A man 
in disguise or C: Some kind of dick girl.  This was just my attempt at making 
her "normal", so sorry <Soup Nazi style> No Sakuya for you!  This will be 
continued in chapter eight, which hopefully, won't be as long.  Comments are 
always welcomed at redknight2k@hotmail.com.  If you're going to criticize my 
grammar, especially my punctuation, don't bother.  I know already and I'm trying 
to work on it.    
           

            

     

       

          

        
     

          

        

                      

                    




      



 

     

                 

