Disclaimer:  I don't own Tenchi or any of his supporting cast.  I just own the 
perverted ideas to do this to them.  If you're under the age of 18... you more 
than likely know the routine, but I doubt you'll listen, so I won't bother 
telling you.  As always, if you don't like long-winded sex stories or are 
obsessed by the characters within, GET AWAY NOW!  If you keep reading it's your 
own fault.  Without further interruption, I present Tenchi Muyo: The Clone 
Chronicles.


Author's Notes: Turn the imagination up to high, because parts of this won't all 
you to squeak by with moderate imagination levels.


*More Tales of Tenchi "The Jackass" Masaki*
 
     As I was saying, I'd drug seven people and one goddess into a situation 
that should've never happened. "If you'll excuse us, we have to be going now."  
My detached self said, taking Nagi the long way around the angry group.  As it 
was, he (Tank Tenchi) needed to face up for his mistakes.  One problem with this 
plan, I couldn't open the tank to get out and grovel (I kind of forgot I could 
phase through it).  "Could..." My plea was answered before I even finished it, 
as Washu was taking the necessary steps to release me.  We all met at the center 
spotlight; one naked moron, five hurt faces, and one completely livid one (and 
it wasn't Ryoko). 

     "So, what do you like, "love" Nagi all of a sudden?"  Washu asked, as her 
eyebrow began to twitch.  "No, but..." She interrupted again saying, "What! So 
you did this for another person to fuck?" If only my plan was that simplistic, 
too bad it wasn't, and I wouldn't get the chance to explain that.  Washu's hands 
were around my neck before I even saw her move.  "What the hell is wrong with 
you!  I told you what would happen if you kept doing this!  And you didn't even 
do it out of love this time!  You idiot!"  She screamed, continuing to apply 
pressure to my throat.  Ryoko and the others were trying to pull her off after a 
while, but amazingly, she didn't budge. 
 
     Ryoko, Ayeka, Mihoshi, and Kiyone were finally shaken off like fleas and 
Washu had yet to let go.  "Let him go."  Tsunami finally said, pulling Washu's 
hands apart and away from me with ease.  "Okay, okay, I'm fine now." Washu said, 
smoothing out her ruffled shirt.  Tsunami (She was in the lead at the time), 
reluctantly let go... bad move.  "How could you do that!" Instead of choking me, 
Washu hit me with the hardest punch I've ever felt in my life.  That's probably 
why I sailed through the air and crashed through one of the tanks. 

     I didn't blame her.  I honestly expected and deserved worse than that in my 
eyes. Because as I picked my mildly (or so it seemed) cut form up from the 
broken glass, I was reminded (better yet, made to realize once and for all) that 
I wasn't the only one emotionally attached.  To me this was a simple act of 
pushing a button and having something happen. However, to Washu, it was 
centuries worth of tests and observations, which must've had some frightening 
results. 

     She just told me there were risks (mutation and such), but apparently, they 
were some big ones... even though the reality is more than likely, mutation was 
enough to scare her when it came to me.  Walking back towards the spotlight they 
occupied, I saw her angry face but it wasn't anger she was showing, it was fear.  
I wouldn't understand that expression for a few moments.  The majority of the 
anger had focused on her after that, but I was determined to put it where it 
belonged, on me... until I felt it.
 
     I opened my mouth to speak, yet I only coughed up blood, a whole lot of 
blood.  "Tenchi!" They all shouted.  I followed their horrified eyes down my 
chest, where I found a (large) shard of glass protruding through my chest.  I 
say through because the visual led me to feel the intense pain tearing through 
my back. "I'm... s-s-sorry."  I said around more blood and pain, which suddenly 
ripped through my legs crumpling me to the floor. 

     As more and more blood flooded into my mouth, I couldn't breathe, and then 
I couldn't feel any of my limbs.  But all I could think about was, "They didn't 
hear me." So as they ran to my side I tried to spit out all of the blood I could 
to make them hear my apology.  "I'm sorry!" I screamed, before all of their 
teary eyed faces rippled in my own tears.  "Tenchi?" I heard them say, I wanted 
to answer but I couldn't. 
 
     I was already sinking into a familiar area.  It was an area I'd seen seven 
years prior at the cannon of the Souja.  Death, with no Tsunami lifelines this 
time around, but luckily I didn't need one.  I was whisked away to the lab and a 
rejuvenation tank, but because of my odd genetic structure, (Thanks to it being 
blended with Ryoko's) I couldn't get a blood transfusion from any of them. My 
other self was later tried, but since Ryoko's genetic info varied from body to 
body, it would prove to be futile as well.  Then there were my injuries.  It 
turns out the glass severed my spine almost in half, punctured and collapsed my 
right lung, lacerated my esophagus, and stopped just shy of stabbing through my 
heart (It got hung on a vertebrae, which saved my life).  It was a long journey 
for that shard, but an even longer one back to recovery for me.  Luckily, I 
(Detached Tenchi) wasn't there because he would've probably been pulled back in 
do to the shock.  This is where things are switched to his perspective again. 
 
     After getting back into the house and her room, Nagi felt she needed to lay 
some ground rules.  "Rule one: You don't go near my ass.  Rule two: No oral 
gratification of any kind.  Rule three: Under no circumstances do you stay here 
at night. We do our thing; you get up and go.  I don't need you growing attached 
to me like some lovesick puppy."  These rules of engagement were established 
while she rummaged through Kiyone's old clothes... naked.  I stopped on the way 
through my room and got a pair of sweats, which I phased out of behind her.  

     "And rule four: We do it when I want, where I want, and any time I want, 
understand?" I don't know when common sense became an issue with that body or 
when waiting for consent became obsolete, but I swear it went out the door as I 
penetrated for the second time without asking. She didn't confirm or deny my 
statement.  But at that point, it was too late to turn back.  We wrestled around 
for a bit in the closet, then I chased her over to the desk in the corner, which 
led to the floor, coming back up to the wall and finally the bed. 
 
     She mumbled something before her arms and legs crushed me to her, drowning 
her voice AND her teeth in my shoulder.  Now, this is where Nagi began to shine 
because I'm the only one who needs to get off, so she really made me work for 
it.  In one motion, she rolls us over so she's on top pinning my hands to the 
bed.  "So does the lit..." I made my extremity pulse inside her, stopping the 
"little man" comment cold.  "I bet you really want to blow now, don't you?"  She 
asked, relishing her brief moment of power.  I smiled lightly before the mating 
ritual resumed. I won't even go into how weird that is.  Who actually has to 
wrestle a woman into submission to sleep with them?  Better yet, who are the 
weirdoes that get off on it?  Answers, Tenchi Masaki and Nagi. 
 
     In her time, she'd ride me furiously, only to stop moments away from my 
release.  "You know, I can keep this up all day.  Just beg and I'll let you go." 
From her amused smile, I knew my frustration was coming across on my face then.  
"Beg?  I'll make you scream my name at the top of your lungs before I beg."  I 
said brimming with more confidence than... something.  Our bodies started to 
tremble as we began to strain in opposite ways.  She was straining to keep my 
arms down, while I was pushing hers back.  "This... isn't... possible!"  She 
growled between shut teeth as I pushed her back easily (Not that easily, but 
easy enough).
 
     "You should know by now that anything is possible."  I said arching her 
back off the bed and towards the floor.  "I, he didn't think it was possible for 
you to stay here this long without fighting with Ryoko, yet here you are."  I 
said pinning her shoulders to the floor.  "True, and I didn't think it was 
possible for a primitive to be such a good fuck, let alone you."  Again with the 
primitive bit, "Oh you know you like it primitive."  I said, which surprisingly, 
got a laugh out of her. Pinned beneath the weight of her breasts, legs, and my 
thrusting (which is a lot to hold on your neck and shoulders) I began to win 
another round. 

     "AH! You primitive little... AAAAAAH!" She screamed with no vocal 
silencing. This time I followed her into that sensory overload. "Very good... 
primitive." She panted heavily after a while. I don't know what made me perform 
my next action, but being called a primitive just reached critical mass. "Get 
up," I said pulling us both to our feet, "I want you to see something." We 
walked out of the sliding glass door into the backyard, where she asked what I 
was doing. 
 
     "I know it's common place in space to probably call everyone here 
"primitive", but how many animals do you know that can do this?"  As I finished 
my light hawk sword appeared and with a flick of the wrist, I cut a small (about 
twenty yards) area of forest down (Notice: If swung right, a light hawk sword 
can produce an invisible energy arch. Thus explains how I cut the Souja in 
half.).  

     "Am I supposed to be impressed?"  She asked after a while, at which time I 
told her no.  "Okay, how about this," I said slicing a thin trail into my hand 
and hers, "Which blood is the primitive's?"  I asked shaking her hand, mixing 
our blood as one red puddle.  She actually stared at her hand for a moment 
pondering which was which. 
 
     After giving up on figuring out whose red was whose, she said, "If you 
didn't want me to call you a primitive you could've said something.  You didn't 
have to cut me, damn it!"  It was somehow comforting to see she didn't bleed 
green or something, anyhow, I apologized and we went back in.  And upon entering 
we were greeted (more like glared at) by Little Washu.  That clued me into a 
problem in itself, but she refused to tell me with Nagi present.  "We finished 
here?"  I asked, only to be answered by a wave of the hand obviously meant for 
dismissal.  "Tenchi needs your help..." She trailed as we crossed the hall into 
her lab, where I was greeted by more solemn faces.  There I looked out to see 
myself floating in a tank; oddly pale considering the tan I keep year round.
 
     "What did you all do to him?" I asked, looking in on myself as I did Yugi 
the night prior.  "That isn't important right now. But what is, is that he gets 
some of your blood."  Washu said, putting herself into that work orientated 
state.  I looked around at the tired, worried, and morbid expressions and knew 
this had to be a lot more serious than her voice sounded.  So, I gave up the 
blood and waited to see the outcome.  And like I stated before, the outcome 
wasn't pretty. 

     "It-It won't work."  Washu said, as the machine she analyzed my blood in 
flashed a dismal, invalid message.  Ryoko screamed at Washu to make a robot or 
do something, "You did this to him! Fix him!  Tsunami, come on you can do 
something, right?"  Ryoko asked, hopefully floating over to the goddess.  "I 
healed what I could, but something in his blood isn't right. It's like he has a 
lock on it or something."  She said with definite hopelessness in her voice. 
 
     Washu then entered the conversation in a small piece of despair and 
scientific wonderment.  "It's amazing really. When he separates himself, his DNA 
is almost normal.  But as a whole, he has somehow ended up with six pair of 
interlocking helixes.  Not to mention the spider's web of chromosomes he has 
amassed to connect them to each other.  So, his blood isn't locked.  It's just a 
new form that has never been encountered before.  More than likely, this was 
never supposed to happen in nature and yet here it is.  Leave it to Tenchi to 
become the most unique man in the universe... right down to the cell.  He's made 
the most complex puzzle I've ever seen out of himself and quite frankly, I can't 
solve it!  This connects to that and this to that, none of it makes any sense.  
Why couldn't his cellular structure just merge back into one simple little DNA 
strand like his body?  Why can't I figure this out?  Why not physical mutation?  
I could fix that... AAAAH!"  She screamed, rubbing her temples in contemplation. 
 
     "You just couldn't be happy he was safe could you?"  Ryoko asked as the 
tears began to come down.  "What?  He wasn't safe, risking his life to..." Ryoko 
interrupted Washu with a sarcastic laugh, "Risked.  He was perfectly fine until 
you went crazy!  So, instead of destroying the machines you destroyed him... 
me... us, are you happy now?"  Ryoko said, staring daggers at a guilt ridden 
Washu.  "He, I'm not mutating.  I, He forgot to take the hair sample of Ryoko's 
in with him."  I said, pulling the heated looks away from Washu.  "Let's just 
mix some of my blood with Ryoko's, that should be easy enough."  I said.  
Spirits rose, smiles returned, and yet, Washu still looked broken. 
 
     "You don't get it.  He has twelve helixes, each one connected with a 
different batch of her chromosomes and each one perfectly fitting together.  
We'd have to mix six groups of genetically matching information in order to save 
each one of them.  That will take months or even years to do properly and he's 
looking at a few days.  So, randomly "mixing" some of your blood together won't 
get us anywhere.  Besides, you're more like Ryoko and Tenchi's child rather than 
one seventh of the whole Tenchi."  She said, as more of the scientific amazement 
wore off.  After shrugging off the comment, I realized something; Washu looks 
too deeply for answers because she was missing the one right in front of her. 
 
     Watching all of them look more helpless than I ever thought possible, it 
hit me.  "Why not just get a sample of his blood and duplicate some more?  Even 
with it being as complex as you say, it shouldn't be too difficult to make a 
copy of it from the original."  I said, bringing a ray of hope back into the 
room (Dimension, whatever).  "That won't... it could work!"  Washu yelled, 
drying her eyes while simultaneously typing up a storm.  Eventually, Washu and 
I, maneuvered about with my other body drawing blood, running tests, and making 
sure the synthesizing didn't over replicate one particular chromosome pairing or 
another.  Three hours later he was in the tank again, in stable condition... 
just unconscious.  "So, when does he wake up?"  Mihoshi asked, with her usual 
smile in place.  "The damage to his spine could've caused a level of brain 
damage we can't see yet."  Washu said, cleaning up the workspace.  Kiyone then 
chimed in with, "In other words, you don't know." She said bitterly. 
 
     The conscious me was about to step in when I heard a familiar voice, 
"Please don't blame Washu for this."  I wasn't even aware I said it (at first).  
Those weren't going to be the last words channeled through me (that me), "This 
isn't her fault, it's mine.  I didn't realize you all were trying to bring 
Sakuya back.  So I thought when no one came to find me, that none of you cared.  
Then in an even stupider move, I got drunk to forget that argument ever 
happened.  That led to me using Nagi and the new me to hurt you all even more.  
I know it doesn't mean anything probably, but I am sorry.  I'll make it up to 
you... all of you... I promise."  Those were the last ones. 
 
     Everyone looked at me in silent amazement, wondering where that all came 
from.  "Tenchi?"  They all asked, but I shook my head pointing to the silent me.  
Then they swarmed trying to get me to get more out of him, which I tried and 
failed to do.  After a few more hours of standing around I realized none of them 
had been to sleep.  I knew the me that did love them would feel like even more 
of an ass if they wasted time feeling bad for him, so I decided to put everyone 
to bed.  "I think you all should try to get some sleep.  It's been a long 
night."  I told them, as I ushered the group of complaining women out of the 
lab.  "That goes for you too.  Standing around watching him all day isn't going 
to help any."  Washu looked at me angrily before she broke down.
 
     "I didn't mean to hit him that hard!  I was just so scared and then it-it-
it all went wrong!  I wish I never came here..." While devoid of genuine love 
for the little scientist, I wasn't devoid of compassion.  "Come on, you know 
that isn't true.  And although he's in a lot of physical pain, it dulls in 
comparison when comes to his emotional pain over this.  So, don't hate yourself 
because he doesn't."  My words had an affect as she sniffled a few tears back 
and said, "This is the only house in the universe where a guy split seven ways 
tries to cheer up the woman who nearly killed him.  On top of that, he's in a 
coma in the same room at the same time he's doing the cheering up.  Thank you, 
Tenchi."  She said, returning to her inner sanctum (Subspace house in the lab). 

     On my way out, I glanced back at myself, who surprisingly had his eyes 
open.  "Thank you."  I (Tank Tenchi) said, through the link with my other self 
as my eyes drifted shut once more.  From both sides of the glass, my eyes would 
stay shut for quite a while after that.  But I knew they'd open again.  Too much 
was riding on them not too. 
 
 
*No Fear*
 
     It had been about three and a half, maybe even four weeks since that day 
and I was still out.  I did my best to keep them all occupied or from dwelling 
on his state of being.  However, these attempts were only hampered by the goings 
on between Nagi and I.  They all went from varying time spans with no sex into a 
situation where it was an almost daily occurrence only to end up back where they 
started (physically anyway).  Being forced to listen to us only kept that in the 
forefront of their minds (minus Kiyone and Mihoshi who could at least go home).  
I was making my six A.M. exit from Nagi's room one morning when I met Ryoko at 
the couch (My bed). 
 
     "Are you two purposely trying to wake up the whole house?"  She asked, 
floating in the same training shirt from our first night together.  I flopped 
down in exhaustion, asking her, "Did you try to wake up the whole house when you 
two were together?"  She explained that it wasn't something she could help (The 
screaming, moaning, etc.) So, I told her the same probably applied for her red 
eyed counter part.  "I don't get it.  You do know she's just using you for sex, 
right?"  Ryoko said, almost with a pity-laced looked on her face.  While the 
collective me felt hideous at the notion of being used for sex, this version 
didn't.  So, I said, "Since he thought you all only wanted him for physical 
reasons, he decided to play the part.  And I guess that mindset went into me 
because I can't seem to care in the slightest." 
 
     Ryoko hovered about in front of me saying, "That's just it, I didn't need 
him for sex.  I was happy to just be near him.  Now, don't get me wrong, sex was 
a bonus I loved.  But I definitely didn't love him solely because of that.  Him 
holding me at night whispering he loved me, kissing the back of my neck to wake 
me up in the morning, washing me or just smiling that smile would've been enough 
for me."  I corrected her statement by adding; "He'll be back to do all of that, 
because I know a few quarts of blood isn't going to keep him down for much 
longer.  Just keep the faith and I'm sure everything will be okay."  I figured 
that would have brightened her mood, but she looked more angry than relieved.  

     "I don't know if you share this memory but he used to say, "Everything 
can't be okay unless you work to make it so."  Who's working to make it so?"  As 
her increased volume muted, I said, "He is."  It took a second, but she finally 
got my meaning.  She then appeared beside me and leaned her head against my 
shoulder, as she told me thanks just in time for Nagi to come in. 
 
     "Thought you'd be knocked out after all that."  Ryoko said, while 
continuing to hold her position.  "Heh, he's not that... AH!"  She said, 
adjusting her seated position in the chair beside the couch.  "You'll get used 
to it.  If not, I suggest you don't say, "harder", around him ever again.  
Anyway, I'm going to bed and I hope you two are done now."  Ryoko gave Nagi an 
odd look, before she disappeared with an echoed laugh leaving us alone together.  
After sitting there in total silence for a while I decided to ask her what'd she 
want.  "I want to go home.  In the meantime, I want something to eat."  She 
said, folding her arms across her chest.  Being the modern (by way of analyzing 
a lot of stupid things I just accepted) man I am, I stood up and marched towards 
the kitchen.  "Are you coming?"  I asked once I saw she wasn't following me.  
"This oughta be good for a laugh."  Nagi mumbled getting to her feet.  Keep in 
mind, I've learned to cook a few things thanks to Sasami.  However, at the time, 
I was your basic thirty-second chef. If it could be cooked in the microwave, 
toaster, or fried without a great deal of skill, I had it covered. 
 
     I began my whirlwind by "cooking" frozen waffles, making toast, frying 
eggs, and somehow I fried ham without starting a fire!  Nagi looked at the plate 
of oddities I laid before her as if to say, "What the hell is this?"  I started 
eating to let her know it was safe and eventually, she followed suit.  "How is 
it?" I asked, as she struggled to eat the waffle with chopsticks.  Her reply was 
to say she'd had worse, but this would do for now.  After a little green tea, I 
started putting things away and it was at this time that I noticed something 
else; she was watching me.  I didn't pay it any attention at first.  However, 
the more I cleaned, the stronger her staring got.  "Is there something else you 
want?"  I asked, closing the dishwasher because it felt like she was touching me 
at that point.  I turned around, met with two intensely heated red eyes, and one 
gigantic knife at my throat.  How she managed to get it without me hearing her 
is still a mystery.  "I want you to tell me exactly what you did to us."  She 
demanded, looking at me almost with a confused expression. 
 
     It couldn't have been any more confused than mine, because I didn't have a 
clue as to what she was talking about.  "Uh, what?"  My statement only worsened 
her agitation causing her to yell.  "Don't play dumb with me!  I mean what did 
you do to make me... make me... them weak enough to love you?"  She asked, as 
her weight shifted onto the blade.  I decided to throw caution to the wind by 
saying, "I did what no one else bothered to do for them, I let them all know 
they weren't as alone as they seemed." I leaned forward against the knife, which 
caused her to remove enough pressure for me to stand straight up (which also 
proved she wasn't going to kill me). 

     "I'm not alone and I doubt any of them were either! Tell me what you did!" 
She screamed.  Now it was becoming obvious she was losing it.  After all, I was 
just a primitive man (Hehehe). Besides, she'd admitted her loneliness to Ryoko.  
Now, where did her sudden lack of loneliness come from in three weeks (Answer: 
Tenchi of the seventh wing)? 
 
     "You want to know what I did?  Fine, let's start with Ayeka the first 
princess of Jurai, who is completely isolated by that fact.  She comes to Earth, 
meets me and in me finds a guy who could give a flying fig about who she was.  I 
didn't like her because of her crown and I didn't like her because I wanted to 
rise to power.  It was just Ayeka and nothing else.  Next is Sasami.  She comes 
to take her sister home, but some where between meeting me and finding Ayeka, 
she changed her mind.  Ah, but she too was dealing with a form of isolation.  
Did I panic when I learned a goddess lived inside of her?  Nope, I continued to 
be her friend despite what she thought would happen when we all found out.  
Mihoshi's isolation came on out of the shear cruelty of others.  Everybody tried 
to avoid the klutz, except me.  I took the time to help her through those 
problems without any attempts to exploit her and that was the result."  I 
suddenly stopped to gauge her expression, "Well, the rest?" She was still 
pissed. 
 
     I saw where this was already leading, yet I continued to talk about them 
(which was odd because I'm not involved with any of them, guess she had to 
question somebody) ending with Washu.  "So, what do you think you are to me?  
No, it doesn't matter!  You're nothing!"  Nagi said, dancing in full denial mode 
at this point.  To be perfectly honest, I was kind of denying this to.  I mean 
this was insane, Nagi, wanting me?  I, Seventh Tenchi, was made to actually be a 
sexual tool, a weapon for revenge, and here I was with another space woman 
falling for me?  Anyway, this leads to me falling into full on braggart mode.  
"Nothing?  Nah, I represent something to you too.  I'm the person who sees you 
as you really are, just like I did with them..." She interrupted saying she was 
not weak like them and I didn't mean a thing to her.  Her rant ended with, "So, 
who do you think I am?" 
 
     I casually folded my arms (considering I was at knife's edge, that's a 
little too casual) and said, "Like I was saying, I see you for who you are.  To 
most, you're the bounty hunter who collects heads for money.  To them, you 
represent someone not to be touched or talked to above a whisper, because your 
reputation has made them all afraid.  To me, you're a beautiful woman with 
cherry red eyes, and a tight little body who just happens to be a bounty hunter.  
As to what I am to you... I'm the guy who knows exactly who you are and who'll 
still fuck you without a hint of fear.  You get off on it because it's not a 
gallon of alcohol bending you this way or that way.  It's a man who's sober and 
at the same time, he knows what you can do if provoked.  I know some where 
you're wondering, "Where does he get off doing that to me?  He does know who I 
am, right?"  I know, believe me, I know."  The disbelief in her eyes was 
apparent, as I worked my hand under another old kimono of Kiyone's.  The others 
had to literally beat the fact they loved me into my brain for me to get it (Or 
acknowledge it).  Now, here I was about to beat it (so to speak) into someone 
else that they loved me. 
 
     I felt as the blade began to shake against my throat, threatening to spill 
my blood in a nice red fountain, but I continued towards my objective unfazed.  
Her eyes fought to stay menacing, although the effects of my fingers were 
apparent by the beads of sweat gracing her forehead.  "Some where else you know 
I'm the only person you've ever met to do something like this.  Something about 
that lack of fear turns you on even more, doesn't it?  Even in the morning, you 
try to deny it.  You probably like to think I leave in the morning because I'm 
afraid, don't you?  No, I don't leave because my liquor-induced backbone has 
fled or that I count myself among the lucky few to have slept with you and 
lived.  No, I leave because those are the rules.  But I bet you try to dismiss 
me like the cowards before, don't you?  You probably say, "Ha, he's not coming 
back.  He's afraid, just like all the rest."  Of course, every night your door 
slides open or sometimes I just walk through it.  Still, I always come back and 
you get off on that almost as much as when I lay into you.  In all the time 
you've been, Nagi the Headhunter, you've never met a man who wasn't mildly 
afraid of you.  After a while, you thought you never would meet a man that knew 
you as that and who'd still pursue you.  But the reality is, he's standing right 
in front of you.  That's why you love me, it's because I'm not afraid.  Now tell 
me, am I wrong?"  I stood in silence waiting for my conformation or denial.  
What I got was more denial.
 
     It took her a while to get going after that, but once she did it was almost 
comical at how bad she covered up (and notice, she never did say I was wrong). 
"Look, this is simply a sexual relation... agreement.  I'll admit, you're one of 
the better men I've been with.  But it doesn't change the fact that I don't love 
you.  It's probably that food you cooked or the sex or this house or the 
planet's air or something."  I could tell I was verging on laughter then.  
"Right, now how long do you think you'll keep this up?  You can only lie to 
yourself for so long..." I stopped as the pressure against my neck returned 
accompanied by a verbal threat and more denial.  The rational side of my brain 
was trying to make me understand, "Not every woman who falls from space wants 
you."  But the side I like to call Baka Central remained as arrogant as 
possible.  However, I did manage to stifle a bit of it as I said, "Okay, say you 
don't actually love me and it is just the sex.  Why haven't you left then?  
After the other night, I'm sure Washu would've put you on the first thing 
smoking to get you out of this house." 
 
     Nagi looked down and began to look back forth like she was reading 
something.  Her eyes lifted to meet mine and her groundbreaking statement was, 
"You never told me when the time limit was up."  She said as weakly as it 
sounded.  It made it sound like I had total and unyielding control of her every 
action.  Once she fully realized that, I was in mid-sentence.  "...Right now 
you're wondering if I'm as strong as I appear or if I'm just a good actor.  I 
bet you're thinking, "Heh, he is weak.  He's Mr. Tough when I don't have any 
weapons, but the minute I get one he becomes afraid."  Knife in hand and at my 
throat, you still don't scare me.  You want me to screw you right now, don't 
you?  You want it bad, all because I'm not shaking like you're going to kill me.  
I can tell.  I can see it in your eyes.  Hell, I can feel it on my hand."  I 
said, skating my fingers back and forth along her opening but refusing the 
penetration she twitched for.  She tried to stare a hole straight through my 
head then, but slowly her eyes began to shut in ecstasy and still she tried to 
refuse and adhere to what I was doing at the same time. 
 
     "No... I won't become... like them... you can't do this to me... I'm... 
Nagi."  She said between pants, while sounding like an over dramatic villain on 
a TV show.  I only smiled as I moved her limp knife wielding hand and said, "I 
know, but I don't care."  Her eyes sparkled with unshed tears (or possibly sweat 
at that time, but I like to think it was the first) as a couple of fingers took 
a peak inside.  I heard the knife drop, as our lips met in one of those 
animalistic kisses we're fond of.  Another kimono hit the floor that day.  This 
allowed me time to work her over in a slower, more passionate way, instead of 
the usual one-two punch way we usually did it.  I guided her towards the table 
(The same lowered table that has served us for so many years) and eased her down 
taking the time to admire her visually for the first time.  An incredibly 
chiseled frame, yet at the same time, her feminine qualities were still in great 
perspective. 
 
     I noticed something else for the first time; the Jurian battle marking that 
adorns her face.  At least that's what I call it.  My skin only turns that color 
when I let the wings come out, so I figured it must be a defensive posturing.  
Like an angry chameleon that turns red to show its hostility.  So, while I've 
seen it before, I never noticed it covered a part of her breast, snaking around 
her to stop against the right side of her stomach (think a peppermint stick 
swirl only black instead of red).  Once we were rested atop the table my tongue 
slowly retreated from her mouth, allowing me room to trace it down her chin.  
>From there, I took a brief time to bathe her neck in a variety of licks, nips, 
and nibbles, all of which drew sharp, dragging breaths from deep within her 
throat.  Soon, she was a blazing inferno beneath me.  Her skin was flushed and 
at the same time, she was covered in goose bumps.  As I began to gently bite at 
her nipples, she just mumbled her disbelief at the situation while 
simultaneously pulling my head to her chest harder.  I could feel her stiffening 
that, "I want to have an orgasm but I don't at the same time" stiffness, which 
caused me to speed up.  Oh, I should mention I won that unspoken bet of ours.  
The whole, she'll scream my name before I beg thing.
 
     Her back lifted off the table as my fingers finally brought her release, 
which made me stop chewing the firmness of her nipple and begin to move again.  
"Wha... what are you...?"  I heard a large thump (Her head dropping to the 
table), as I coasted further south answering the silly question with my tongue.  
I can't really explain the turn-on about giving oral.  Maybe it's the texture or 
maybe it's the taste.  Either way, I can't seem to help myself when it comes to 
that.  I used a couple of fingers to pry her open, admiring the look of 
shimmering pink as much as the taste.  Craving the taste again, I swirled my 
tongue inside.  Usually she was somewhat quiet when we were together, saving her 
screams for the end.  But under the affects of my tongue, she was a sweaty mess 
of sounds.  I thought the table was actually going to break at one point, she it 
that hard.  Anyway, Nagi was your essential meat puppet after ten minutes of 
this.  I eased off to look up at her, "Don't stop now!"  She yelled, sitting up 
to look down at me.  Her smiling face disappeared behind her breasts as I 
resumed and began to play with the mother of all nerve bundles. 
 
     In one skull-rattling scream, she came once, she came twice, and she came 
three times in succession, all while screaming my name like a banshee.  Now, did 
I gloat about this simple fact afterwards?  Not exactly, "Or they could all love 
me because I can do that." I said before returning my mouth to the soft pink.  I 
like to think of my statement as self-promotion.  It's not like I do a half-ass 
job and then sing my praises.  I thoroughly work hard at what I do.  If you can 
consider something that fun, work.  I continued to break her second rule until 
she was a quivering mound of woman.  Although she did make an effort to stop me 
by squeezing her thighs around my head (which is a tight squeeze when you 
consider how strong she is), she soon realized that was only holding me in 
place.  After another screaming fit of my name and a weak plea for me to stop, 
it was over. 
 
     Afterwards, there was a moment to reflect.  In this moment she asked, "Are 
you some kind of telepath?"  I shimmied back up her body and rested thoughtfully 
against her chest asking, "Does that mean I was right?"  She'd lay in silence 
for a while before saying she wasn't sure because she'd never known love.  
"That's easy," a pair of voices said from the doorway.  "If you can picture some 
where you'd rather be right now or if you can picture someone else that you'd 
want on top of you more than him, it's not love.  If you can't do that, then, 
welcome to the family.  Now, get off the table.  The rest of them won't like the 
idea of eating where you two... just get up."  The entity I've come to call, 
Sasami-Tsunami said.  "Well, you heard them.  I swear, make love in the bedroom 
it's a problem.  Don't even get to the loving part of things on the kitchen 
table and already there's a problem.  Sheesh, let's..." I stopped talking as the 
kitchen door slid open revealing Grandpa's stone face.  "Why do I even bother?  
I come down from the shrine for a little breakfast and every time someone's in 
the kitchen naked..." He mumbled as he slid the door shut and walked away.  We 
all exchanged a shoulder shrug before parting company.  Sasami was off to cook 
and you can guess where we were off to. 
 
     A few more exhausting hours later we were in bed basking in the after glow.  
"I don't believe this."  She had said for the nineteenth time, literally.  
"Yeah, how did this happen?  You're not supposed to fall in love, not you, 
you're Nagi.  Then you're going to say, "Love is for those weaklings, not me.  
I'm too strong for love."  Answer me this, do you feel weak here like this right 
now?"  I asked about half as serious as I sounded.  True, she had been going on 
and on about the impossibility of it, but she never attempted to change it.  
"No, but what makes you think you know me so well?  Who's to say I won't just 
kill you in your sleep to be rid of this weakness?"  So said my potential 
murderer, whom contented herself to draw circles around my nipple.
 
     "Hmm, let's see.  For starters, I know you better than you want to admit.  
For instance, you'll want me to give you as much space as possible when we're 
around the others.  I know you'd prefer to keep our relationship private; no 
public signs of affection and-or touching.  And lastly, you PROBABLY could kill 
me in my sleep but I doubt you will.  Besides, I haven't committed any crimes 
worthy of death and killing the innocent would make you a felon."  I said, 
slipping my other arm around her.  That body must've gotten a mutated dose of 
confidence, because I can't remember a time I was ever that bold (minus the 
events on the Tsunami).  Still, she kept a leg draped across my own, casually 
sliding it up and down in playful mannerism. 
 
     From the amount of silence, I knew she was thinking up a response to prove 
me otherwise.  And in a comical (well, not really) sense of proving me wrong, 
Nagi said, "Ha, shows what you know.  I don't care if they know, and I don't 
mind you touching me in public... and I will kill you in your sleep."  The last 
line was added merely because she realized something else, that being, "You knew 
I'd say that, didn't you?"  All I could say was "Yep."  See, true arrogance 
never admits it got lucky. It kind of answers in favor of looking good, as was 
the case then. 

     In theory, this made no sense what so ever.  It usually took some grandiose 
event to make me realize the others meant something to me; this time it was a 
month of life and a month of sex later, to conclude I had feelings for her as 
well.  Even in a vengeful mindset there must've been an inkling of love some 
where in me (Collective me) for me to do that (Make another duplicate or clone 
in this case).  In the end, though, the two people who were being used and using 
each other found a bond.  I wasn't bothered by her reputation and she wasn't 
bothered by my other half's (Seventh's) ploy to use her. 
 
     "You know, you should smile more."  I said, in light of the 
uncharacteristic grin she wore.  This went into a round of verbal sparring if 
you will, with her asking why she should do anything I told her to.  Eventually 
I said something that caused her to stall.  "I don't see what the big deal is, 
you do have a beautiful smile, why not show it off?  Never mind, I guess."  I 
said, deciding to let the argument go.  Nagi's face was unreadable as she 
propped up to face me completely, saying, "You said that before in the kitchen 
when I had the knife to your throat.  You don't have to keep saying things you 
don't mean, because I'm no threat to you now."  I'm sure my neutral expression 
faltered a bit then.  At the time, I didn't really give it much thought.  
However, looking back on it that wasn't the keenest of times to say something 
like that to her.  I never said it (anything relating to her looks) before and 
the one time I did say it, she was threatening to kill me.  So, in her eyes, it 
must've looked like I thought that was the defining thing to keep her from 
killing me. 
 
     "I said it because it's the truth not because I think you'll kill me.  You 
are beautiful, with or without your smile."  To punctuate my words, I pulled her 
down against me.  She tensed up quite a bit before she eventually relaxed again.  
The next words out of her mouth were, "Fine, if I smile you have to grow a beard 
or some kind of body hair.  I feel like I'm sleeping with a child with you being 
all hairless."  She said, looking up at me with confusion while I laughed.  "I'd 
love to help you out, but I can't grow hair anywhere other than where it is now 
thanks to Washu."  My statement was met with the usual, what did she do to you?  
I just told her not to drink any of Washu's experimental sak‚ blends before 
saying, "Besides, a beard won't catch me up in the age department. You still 
have a good two thousand or so years on me."  This brought up an accusation of 
me calling her old, which led to another round of words.  "It's never going to 
be easy with you, is it?"  I asked with pretend frustration.  I must admit, the 
woman answers a question directly.  And her answer was given when she straddled 
me with a smile that usually accompanied an insult for Ryoko.  "If you know me 
so well, you tell me."  She said, as the pelvic grinding left no mystery in what 
was about to occur.  We didn't make it out of bed for the rest of that day 
(Shocking, isn't it?). 
 
     Now for the record of all things love related, did Nagi's face ever appear 
on a wing?  No, not exactly.  I just happened to wake up one morning (a couple 
of days after we were in the kitchen, in her bed) with her telling me to turn 
the light off (It was before sunrise).  It took me a minute to figure out it was 
the wings.  Suffice to say, a four-foot pair of floating, glaring red eyes is an 
alarming sight to wake up to.  "Will you turn out the damn...!"  She stopped mid 
command as she rolled over to see it.  "What is that?" She whispered, beginning 
to stiffen up like a snake ready to strike.  I smiled to myself, before 
extinguishing them back into my being.  "Nothing, let's go back to sleep."  I 
told her, allowing my arm to fall into place over her side.  While drawing her 
in closer to me, I let it slip, "I love you."  I didn't get a response for a 
while, not like I expected to get one at all.  Finally, I heard her whisper; "I 
don't believe it, but I love you too."  Thus, my love theory is still holding 
water till this day. 
 
 
*A wake up call*
 
 
     At times, I lie awake at night wondering if this is all some kind of a 
weird dream.  "I'm going to wake up one day and be a scrawny seventeen-year-old 
again.  Ryoko's cave will be empty and I'll be left all alone with the most 
painfully realistic dream I've ever had.  I won't be a Jurian prince, there 
won't be a Jurai, and my life will resume its normal course.  I will then think 
back to the days I wished I'd never met them and I will spit on those days with 
all the hate I can call from within me because I'll want it to be real.  Good or 
bad, it won't matter because all I'll want is them."  The thought will fade away 
as I feel the weight against my side.  I'll look down at a sleeping face, cutely 
turned in a small smile, feel her warm breath against my chest, and then I'll 
know it isn't a dream.  It's reality, MY reality.  I (Each and every last one of 
me) won't attempt to put into words how good I feel when I wake up to see 
they're still there.  On that day, I needed that feeling, I wanted that feeling, 
and damn it, I was going to have that feeling! 
 
     September 19, 1999, the day those thoughts drifted through my mind and the 
day I (Tank Tenchi) woke up.  The darkness had kept me away from them for far 
too long.  Now, it was time to see the light and in that light, I exploded 
through the tank back into the land of the living.  Wet, tired, and without the 
use of my legs, I laid there in the dark among the broken glass, feeling as 
broken, if not more so than my former containment unit.  "Don't just lay there, 
you ass! Get up, it's been long enough."  I told myself. Well, I couldn't blame 
my legs for not moving.  After all, my spine was nearly cut in half (which hurts 
like hell before the pain knocks you out).  

     Even as I got the bearings to float, I didn't register the fact I was 
crippled.  My purpose was to apologize.  The trivial matter of walking could 
wait from my stand... uh, float-point. I scanned the lab once my eyes adjusted 
to the light, looking for something to cover up with. You can't just pop out of 
a coma naked and run up to someone babbling off apologies. I would eventually 
find a lab coat my size and make my exit. Also notice, I wasn't bitter about 
there being no one there to greet me. It was comforting to know that at least 
one of me was working to keep everyone sane.
 
     The first thing I heard as I opened the lab door was Ayeka saying, "I can't 
believe you two can play that... game.  Really, how many times can you watch 
someone's head fly off?"  A smile spread across my features as I assumed it was 
Sasami, back at Mortal Kombat 4.  Then I heard it, "Damn it!  This thing is 
rigged!"  Nagi said furiously to the tune of smashing buttons to stop Sasami's 
onslaught.  In my grand scheme of things, I had forgot she was still around and 
peaking through the stairs (You know how by now), I was shocked to see her 
there.  But more shocking than that was the fact everyone was there (Minus Washu 
and Yugi).  Mihoshi catching a cat nap on a big pillow on the floor, while 
Kiyone flipped idly through a magazine.  I scanned to the right to see Ayeka 
looking back and forth between the TV and a book of some sort, as Sasami-
Tsunami, Ryoko, and Nagi passed out turns on a game that was in fact, Mortal 
Kombat 4 (Sasami is quite the fighting game enthusiast).  Stunned?  No, amazed? 
Not even slightly.  Absolutely three seconds away from another coma, yep!  I 
sank into the floor as my other self walked from the kitchen over to the couch 
(he didn't sense me at the time), took a seat, and kissed Nagi full in the 
mouth! 
 
     I waited for the Hiroshima like fallout from such an act, but instead, she 
went back to the game and everything continued as normal.  Like a scene from 
this show, The Twilight Zone, which comes on this American channel, I watched in 
disbelief.  I don't know if there was ever an episode where a guy watched 
someone live his life, but that day, the scenario would've worked perfectly.  
People laughing, joking, and swearing bitterly in defeat, while he (me on the 
couch) sat back with a sandwich in perfect harmony.  It wasn't computing right.  
He was only with one of them, Nagi of all people, and there wasn't the slightest 
hint of hostility in the room?  I expected to see the dirty look exchanged or 
even a foul word lobbed in their direction, yet only the occasional smile or 
conversation was exchanged.  "Have they all forgotten about me? Are they all 
with him now?"  I asked myself repeatedly.  True, I was glad they weren't all 
fighting or that none of them were worried sick about me.  I was just confused 
by the lack of animosity; my plan expected tortured and twisted results, yet all 
it got was smiling faces? 
 
     I decided I had enough of playing lookout, so I drifted upward through and 
to the second floor.  In a way, I wished I didn't wake up (At the time).  
Everyone was so happy and all my appearance would serve to do was remind them of 
the painful memories.  But the chance I would be forgiven was all I could go on 
then; I couldn't go on living with myself knowing I didn't try my best to get 
them back.  And as I opened my door after steeling my nerves, Washu greeted me. 
"I was wondering when you'd get here." She said softly, as I opened my door.  
The Little Washu form shocked me almost as much as her being there did.  A quick 
glance down the hall revealed more yelling from downstairs, so I slid the door 
shut to start my engine.  "Before you start apologizing left and right," She 
started, getting to her feet in the process (She was perched on a floating 
cushion at the time). 
 
     "I'm going to AND you're going to listen to me.  I didn't mean to hit you 
that hard or at all.  You just scared the hell out of me.  I should've destroyed 
the lab or not spoken to you for a while, but I didn't have the right to do that 
to you.  As for erasing your memories, I'd never thought about the value of 
memories at the time.  As bad and as painful as my memories are, I'd be 
destroyed if someone came along and erased them, even if it were to help me feel 
better.  I could've erased the memory of me telling you she was gone.  Instead, 
I erased her completely.  Jealousy meddled with our reasoning that night," Washu 
paused to look at my bed, with unmistakable sorrow in her eyes.  I felt like 
utter trash then, because I knew she'd probably been rolling this around her 
mind for a while. 
 
     "So, I found the thought patterns relating to her and with a few flashy 
lights, she was gone.  You didn't show any signs of mental breakdown so I left 
feeling as though I'd done some real good here.  It lasted a good seven years 
and for all of this I'd like to say, I'm so..." I stepped in then, "Look, I 
won't apologize if you don't.  We both made some mistakes and at least we 
realize that now.  And since you apologizing to me makes me want to vomit, how 
about we start over?"  We stared in idle contemplation for a moment, deciding if 
we were willing to forgive ourselves as much as we were willing to forgive each 
other.  

     "You know, if we start over I'm going to have to stay like this for a 
while. So..." A smile cascaded across her features as I absorbed that 
information and the look in her eyes. "Okay, not exactly over, how about that 
happy medium before all of this started?" I asked, at the same time thinking 
about the other eight people (Ryoko, Nagi, Ayeka, Sasami, Tsunami [okay, seven 
people and a goddess], Kiyone, Mihoshi, and the new Tenchi) I had to apologize 
to. 
 
     So, as Washu traversed the floor toward me, I saw her for the second time, 
transform into her adult self.  I guess it's not really a transformation.  It's 
more of a blink and she's one way or another type thing.  At any rate, we 
silently hugged for a moment until the bomb squad entered.  All I heard was a 
group squealing of my name before I was buried in a sea of multi-colored hair, 
which sent us all crashing to the floor.  As they lifted and allowed us (Washu 
and me) to stand... or float in my case, all the smiles tempted me almost away 
from trying to apologize.  However, that would've been a coward's approach on 
handling things.  And I didn't need that added to the list of names I was 
preparing to be called.  Getting up amongst the odd stares (Do to me floating, 
rather than standing.), I heard a voice say, "Is it always this dramatic around 
here?" 
 
     There stood Nagi, leaning against my other self with an amused expression. 
"You'll get used to it.  As for you, you didn't think you could hide from me, 
did you?"  He asked, smiling along the same nefarious lines as she was.  I just 
shook my head numbly trying to figure out the obvious, yet subtle meaning in 
their close company.  "Hmmm, I know I didn't love her when I made him.  So, why 
the kiss..." It was at that point I realized or rather, remembered he could hear 
what I was thinking.  "Just because you don't, doesn't mean I lack the ability 
to fall in love on my own."  He said telepathically.  My head aimed at the floor 
as I thought about that statement.  I wasn't thinking of him as a separate 
person, he was just some THING I made.  Now, neither Nagi's face nor any of her 
other features appeared in any of the other wings, so I can only say he did in 
fact fall for her on his own. 
 
     My (Collective me) intentions were only physical and saying those were 
programmed into him strongly enough to cause love would be ridiculous.  She is 
attractive, but some where he developed love for her on his own because the rest 
of us don't love her.  And my initial sex slave idea must not have upset him 
because he knew that wasn't what she saw him as.  Beyond this were the only 
predetermined things he seemed to inherit from me.  Those were my body, 
memories, fighting skills, and light hawk wings.  His personality was distinct 
even his thinking process was different.  Then it hit me, that Tenchi wasn't a 
duplicate.  He was a clone.  When I'm fully separated, we (The original six) 
retain every detail (save for the unique gifts from Ryoko) of us as a whole.  
While he seems to be rather, uniquely, apart from us.  With all we share, he's 
just his own person.  More than a clone, he seems to be a more extroverted form 
of me.  A person who looks, walks, and talks just like me, only he isn't me at 
all.  Now, since I don't exactly like the idea of referring to or being referred 
to as a clone, I simply think of him as a twin. 
 
     So as it stands, there are six parts to the original Tenchi Masaki and one 
Tenchi Masaki who's a different person all together.  He can join in and out of 
the collective (like I am now), but even with all of this similarity, he exists 
inside like another person.  Oh well, at least he's sane... I think.  Anyway, 
back to the story.  I was telling them all I was glad they all decided to show 
up.  And after he explained that he told them I was awake, I started up the old 
apology mill.  Now, maybe I'm just obvious when it comes to apologies but they 
all stepped in with, "NO APOLOGIZING!"  I almost fell down they screamed it so 
loudly.  I actually tried to argue in favor of them listening to it, but it only 
ended in a manner similar to Washu's ill-fated apology.  "I guess the only thing 
left to ask is, how long was I out?"  I mentally kicked myself for saying that 
afterwards as the mood dampened.  "Almost two months, but that isn't important 
now.  You're awake and that's all that matters."  Ayeka said, letting an annoyed 
glance befall Washu occasionally.
 
     Now here's where things get complicated.  We're all standing around and the 
reason is so blatantly obvious until no one says anything... yet.  "So, are you 
going to do your thing or what?"  I (Twin Tenchi) asked... myself, sort of.  I 
told him about my leg situation and of course, he accidentally yells, "YOU CAN'T 
WALK!"  Now, whom does this leave everyone staring at (not whom you'd expect)? 
"Sasami, I thought you said you put his spine back together." Washu said, 
already fast at work on her computer.  This is where she [Washu] informs me of 
the injuries I'd received, funny how they didn't really surprise me at all.  The 
spine thing was a given because I actually felt it tearing when I touched down 
in the glass.  So as Sasami-Tsunami confirmed that they did heal all my 
injuries, I was left with the simple task of calming the group's nerves.  "Look, 
its not like I'm paralyzed.  I can feel everything below the waist I just can't 
walk.  Give me a few days and I'm sure I'll be up and about."  Heh, few days I 
said. Try another two months almost! 
 
     At the time, that answer was good enough, except Mihoshi had a rather 
ingenious plan.  "Why don't you just get inside of him?  That way he'll just 
know how to do it again... not that it, but walk."  She quickly added the later 
as everyone gave odd looks pertaining to the "it".  Simple plan, right?  Wrong, 
as my kind twin stated one obvious detail we failed to see.  "Oh no you don't.  
There's no guarantee I won't just end up in the same position.  Especially since 
he's got the stronger gene pool... so to speak."  Twin Tenchi said.  

     Have you ever heard six people grinding their teeth at the same time?  
Neither have I until that day anyway.  We'd been apart for nearly two months and 
now we're forced apart by my lack of working legs.  Sure, I could've split up 
but then there would've been six of me to teach how to walk instead of the one.  
As I watched them standing around looking down trodden again, I prepared to slip 
in an apology when I was cut off again. 
 
     "If you want to apologize so much, just learn how to walk again... quickly.  
Now if you can do that, I'll forgive you for the rest, okay?"  Kiyone said, 
smiling an almost fatigued smile.  I tried not to fall down I bowed so deeply.  
"Any other requests I can meet for forgiveness?"  I asked, scanning the weakly 
smiling faces.  The answer was a unified, "Walk."  So in an attempt to prove how 
easy a task this was I let my full weight down against my legs... bad move.  
"Okay, this could take a little longer than I thought, but I can do this."  I 
said from my face down position on the floor.  You'd think it would be as easy 
as riding a bike, however the reality is a much more dismal one.  I'd been 
walking since I was two.  And twenty-two years later, a couple months off my 
feet and I'm back where I started. 
 
 
 
*Forgiveness * 
 
 
     Now here in lies the dilemma; six people all want to sleep with you (Actual 
sleep) except only one of you retains the vital ability of flight, what do you 
do?  You come up with quite possibly the largest co-ed slumber party the world 
(Masaki home) has ever seen.  Rather than deal with carting around the other 
flightless bodies, we all agreed to sleep in one room.  Since any of the 
bedrooms were too small and Kiyone and Mihoshi's apartments were out of the 
question, we bunked in the lab.  Everyday I'd, Sasami-Tsunami's me, get up 
(merge with my other selves) and work with my other self (Nagi's Tenchi) to 
regain the use of my legs.  To say he kept me inspired is an understatement.  
His favorite line was, "So you're actually just going to quit?  Boy, after all 
you've done you can't even do this one little thing for them?  Sad."  

     It never failed.  No matter how long I'd been going at it, once that was 
given a voice I sucked it up and pushed on.  Twelve-hours a day, seven days a 
week, and I thought Grandpa was rough on me?  Sometimes he'd let the others come 
to see how far I was progressing, but he mainly kept it to a strictly one on one 
session (something about them being distracting).  One on one also meaning, Nagi 
was free to just drop by... a lot.  So, as I sweated away my days trying to 
regain the most elementary of skills, they cuddled. 
 
     It was odd to see her in such a way.  No posturing for intimidation or 
menacing stares.  She'd usually make up a flimsy excuse for being there, but she 
always ended up in his arms smiling.  Of course, my sadistic twin usually caught 
me observing them and put me back on the grind.  So after watching the demented 
couple toy with me with their snuggling and what not (seeing as I had six women 
I wanted to do the same thing with) I refocused and teetered along on my walker.  
Okay, let's fast forward up to October 8th.  I've managed to gain about a 
toddler's level of walking mastery.  For all my work, I could now walk without 
the silly walker or cane.  There's something about a grown man walking with his 
arms outstretched for balance that screams, "Huh!"  Anyhow, I had reached my 
goal again, which was a quiet night in the lab (Come on, with my helpful 
counterpart and his strict solitary training sessions, this was the only time I 
got to be with them).  Quiet until I was met with a heavenly whisper.  

     "Teeeeenchi."  Ryoko's unmistakable mating call served to show I definitely 
wasn't paralyzed.  I didn't even need to clarify what I was saying when I said, 
"Um, I'd like to..." Ryoko took that as an almost conformation by hopping on top 
of me.  This was taking it to the breaking point (the situation and other 
anatomical features). 
 
     "Come on, I've been climbing the walls since you were in that thing!  
Please, five minutes and you can go back to sleep."  She whispered, while 
rubbing her trademark circles against my chest.  To be honest, I was practically 
exploding to do it too.  However, in a room with ten (Washu and I resided in our 
subspace room) other people, regardless if half of them are you makes for a 
creepy make out spot.  "You know I want to, but I can't do that... not with all 
of them here.  Besides, I thought you didn't need me for sex."  I said, 
expecting that to end this line of thinking.  

     Nope, wrong again because Ryoko countered with the obvious, "Ah, you read 
his mind, huh?  Well it's true, I don't need you for sex.  But I can't do it 
without you and I still like it [A LOT] when you show me how much you love me in 
that way... again and again, I need you inside of me!  PLEASE!"  These whispered 
words and the look on her face (via the light from some of Washu's machines) 
made me... well, crack.  "Okay, but we have to be quiet."  I said, to one of the 
largest smiles I've ever seen.  
 
     So, after slipping neatly from within the confines of my pants (Thanks to 
Ryoko ripping them from my body), I returned home, so to speak.  "And you said 
you couldn't do it."  Ryoko said, as I sat up to hold her in my arms while she 
bounced silently on my lap.  It didn't take long for the silence to give way to 
small moans and various grunts.  So, I took this time to kiss her as thoroughly 
as possible to hide our sounds in each other's mouth.  Her lips curved in a 
smile as our tongues danced that, "I-can't-believe-I-let-a-stupid-argument-and-
coma-keep-us-from-doing-this-for-two-whole-months dance."  Now with the fun I 
was having, I couldn't shake the obvious feeling of being surrounded by other 
people.  

     This meant I'd look out to see if they were watching, which they weren't.  
After a while, I just forgot about them though.  The point of orgasm was 
approaching more quickly than I would've liked thanks to Ryoko's emphatic 
bouncing; this only helped me to further forget our guests.  "TENCHI!"  She 
screamed, arching back away from me.  I tried to kiss her again to make her be 
quiet, unfortunately, she was moving so fast and with the added tightness... I 
failed miserably (except I wasn't miserable at all).  In a more subdued tone, (A 
sound on par with an ape's grunt) I let off almost three months worth of... 
"Sample".
 
     I fell back against the pallet in a sweaty nirvana, blanketed by an equally 
sweaty body.  "Thanks... I... needed that.  Whew!"  Ryoko said, between breaths 
for air.  Too bad I couldn't say the same.  Not because it wasn't true, but do 
to the fact, I couldn't really talk.  My body seemed to be in a prolonged state 
of orgasm or so I thought.  It turns out me and Ayeka were in another section of 
the lab in the midst of a similar act... as were the rest of them.  What I 
thought were sleeping bodies turned out to be various bundles of clothing.  
Great minds think alike... when they're all one in the same, I guess.  Sleep 
wasn't a problem for any of us that night (especially since the aforementioned 
acts were repeated until we all passed out).  This is where morning comes way 
too soon, and we're greeted with a rise and shine call.  "Why don't you just go 
back to bed?  It's been almost a month, doesn't Nagi need you for something... 
ANYTHING?"  Mihoshi said, with a tone marred with annoyance.  Of course, our 
dear friend, Tenchi said, "Nope, and if she does, she knows where to find me." 
 
     This brought up a good-sized argument from Kiyone and Ayeka, with them 
saying something along the lines of, "If she can see you, why can't we see him?  
I think we've been patient enough with you.  There's no harm in us being there 
for moral support."  True enough he's devoid of love for them, but he definitely 
wasn't stupid and in front of the five angry faces, he tried to stay calm.  He 
tried to argue by saying, "Your being there will only slow him down.  He'll be 
so concerned with not looking pitiful in front of you all that he'll start to 
make mistakes.  Now that'll dramatically slow down his improvement rate, and 
that's why you have to stay here."  

     If they'd looked at me (Him) any harder, colder, more frighteningly, I 
would've run away screaming.  So, once I'd assessed this wasn't an argument I 
could win... or potentially survive, I (They [The women]) decided they could 
come along for support.  After retrieving Washu and me from their room (Seeing 
as we had a bedroom there, there wasn't a need for us to sleep on the floor), we 
did the flashy connect the Tenchi thing and went off to the subspace gym for 
another day of hell. 
 
     The day seemed to drag on longer than usual for some reason.  Although, the 
reality is more than likely the six sessions (times six bodies) of all out 
lovemaking was the cause for the prolonged passage of time.  Its not like I was 
complaining, but a few hours late on my practicing wouldn't have killed me... 
us, you know what I mean.  Never the less, I did as told, stretching and 
practicing my balance unassisted.  His thinking they would hinder my progress 
was based in fiction if you were to see us all out there.  They mainly talked or 
gave the frequent call of support out to me, but other than that, it worked out 
fine.  I walked, I fell, I laughed, and they smiled.  Somehow, the later made it 
easier to get up every single time. Beyond that, though, it was a 
straightforward shot to October 31st, Halloween and the day I could be totally 
forgiven (In voice anyway). 

     Everyone had turned in early for a change except the dictator Tenchi and 
me.  In this moment of actual one on one time, he asked me something that made 
me think.  "Do you ever wonder what would happen if someone attacked us now?  I 
don't mean someone like Nagi.  I mean something like a being made totally out of 
anti-matter, something that would take all of our strength to beat, yet you 
couldn't fully walk.  I don't think we'd make it."  He said, bestowing a look 
of... hell, I don't know what the look was. I just knew I didn't like it. 
Naturally, after hearing such a bleak statement I had to ask, "Where did all 
that come from?" He stayed completely silent as he walked toward me, which was 
oddly, creepy. 

     In the next, he was back with the collective, but that wasn't the strangest 
of the events to follow.  In the minutes to come, I'd be subjected to the worst 
holographic simulation I've ever seen in my entire life.  "Tenchi, are you two 
done?"  I knew it was Washu, however, when I turned around to answer her 
question I saw a fist sticking directly through her stomach.  A fist that seemed 
to be connected to a figure made of pure darkness.  His bleached white face 
seemed to smile like a little kid at Christmas, which left me confused and 
angry. 
 
     Before I could fully absorb that, I saw the others rushing towards this 
monster who seemed to smile even more eloquently, as Washu dangled from its 
hand.  "How much longer are you going to be defeated by your guilt?"  A voice 
asked from some where inside of my head.  I ignored it as I tried to run to 
them, only to fall after three or so steps.  "How many will die because you're 
too guilty to stop him?"  The voice said in time with the sound of Ryoko's 
piercing scream... caused by her own similar impaling.  I remember I couldn't 
even yell or speak. It was just that terrifying.  I tried again and again to 
help them, but I just kept falling down!  So, I watched as they were all cut 
down like trees.  It felt like I was watching a part of myself die with each one 
of them all because my stupid legs wouldn't work.  "You can still help her, 
Tenchi."  The voice I finally recognized as my own said.  As fast as I could I 
somehow got to my feet, "Sasami, hold on!" I managed to scream, but I knew it 
was too late.  Fear was evident in their face, which meant Sasami was in 
control.  So, that meant they could be killed... and right in front of me, they 
were. 
 
     Dead, each and every last one of them.  All were lying in different states 
of horrid gore and all because I couldn't help them.  "You could've stopped 
this, but instead, you chose to let them die."  This time the words were spoken 
from the creature.  "I chose to let them die?  You killed them for no reason and 
it's my fault!"  I screamed it more like an accusation at myself, which it was.  
This bastard actually blamed me for killing them; that sent me over the edge.  
Light hawk sword in hand I ran full speed at this thing.  Never mind the fact it 
dispatched them like insects.  If it wanted to be rid of me, it was going to 
have to do no less than kill my soul. 

     "Why are you fighting so now?  You could've done this when they were still 
alive and could be saved.  Now, now you find the ability to not only walk but 
fight more savagely than ever... for revenge."  That damn voice said which only 
caused me to cut deeper into the beast.  Time and time again, I swung the blade 
through him, yet I gained no ground.  But I didn't give any either, seeing as he 
never had the chance to attempt an attack.  I was standing toe to toe with some 
monster and the only reason I did it was because of revenge. 
 
     Out the corner of my eye, I saw Mihoshi, throat completely removed, staring 
back at me.  I tried to focus back on the fight, yet I saw Ayeka's headless 
body.  Tears were in heavy supply then, but I continued to fight.  Kiyone's body 
was the next I saw, no blood in the area where she lay, because he opted to snap 
her neck.  Washu, Ryoko, and Sasami-Tsunami were all lying together in a giant 
pool of blood, which I felt squish beneath my feet.  "I could've stopped 
this..." I whispered through the sobs.  I had all but ignored the monster I was 
swinging at, because it didn't matter.  If I killed it, big deal, they were 
still gone and its death wasn't going to bring them back.  And if it plucked my 
head off my shoulders, I deserved it.  "You supposedly cared about them so much, 
but you can't walk to help save their lives?  But you walk for him though."  
With that said, out of my own mouth no less, my sword disappeared and I turned 
to face what I thought to be my death.  Instead, there was nothing there, no 
bodies, no blood, and no monster.
 
     "I think you finally get it."  I (Seventh Tenchi, Nagi's Tenchi, the clone, 
twin etc.) said, stepping out of the group (You tell me which group).  "None of 
this was necessary, because you could walk from the moment you woke up.  You 
were just too guilty to do it, weren't you?"  I asked my deflated other selves. 
"What are you, crazy?  Why would I be able to walk and not do it?"  He shouted, 
but I could hear his thoughts and I knew deep down he knew.  Still, I told him 
anyway.  

     "Am I crazy?  No, but I think you all are.  And by all, I mean you and your 
girlfriends.  The morning of the accident you felt your spine severe, which made 
you automatically assume you were paralyzed.  But once you woke up and weren't, 
you felt guilty.  You knew they'd be worried about you, especially Washu since 
she'd be blaming herself for the whole thing. So, to make them all feel like 
they weren't worrying in vain and that Washu didn't hurt you too severely, you 
somehow lost the ability to walk, but it was recoverable."  He told us blankly.  
This accusation was a bit much thus group Tenchi tried to chalk it up to 
nonsense. 
 
     "Are you hearing yourself?  If I could've walked, I would have.  And if I 
could have, why would I feel guilty for doing it?"  Arguing with one's self, 
interesting to say the least, but it continued unhampered.  "You felt guilty 
because of the situation with Nagi.  In your mind, you deserved to suffer 
somehow, and waking up injury free was getting off too easy.  So, your suffrage 
came in the form of this ridiculous workout schedule.  Missing meals, agreeing 
to not be seen by them, the idiotic sleeping in the lab and all because you felt 
this was adequate punishment for your infidelity.  Of course, you aren't the 
only guilt-ridden party.  They still felt guilty about voting to erase your 
mind, so they thought having limited time with you was a decent punishment for 
that act.  As for you actually believing your own lies, strongly enough to watch 
them all die because of it... idiot says it all.  So, if it takes all of their 
deaths for you to realize you're being stupid, you may as well end all of your 
relationships now, because you don't deserve them.  And as for me, I'm sick of 
this.  You tried to use me for revenge.  You can actually manipulate me into 
talking for you, and now you've used me to help ease your guilt.  Well my 
friend, it ends here.  Nagi felt guilty enough to let me "help" you out, which 
cut into our getting to know you part of things.  So, either you get over this 
pitiful scheme for forgiveness or hold onto a thinking process that'll get them 
all killed." I said, leaving the collective me to pick up the pieces.
 
     There was no explanation given for the holographic show, nor was there ever 
a discussion about it, because it wasn't needed.  I did let my guilt dictate all 
of my actions, even falling on the floor in my room was done out of guilt.  My 
legs were just numb in the lab, but when I was watching them in the living room, 
I felt them.  Hell I was even tapping my foot at one point.  So, when they said 
they'd forgive me if I learned how to walk again, dropping on my feet and 
strutting across the room would've been way too easy.  So, I opted to tip over 
rather than gaining their instant forgiveness or possible rejection by suddenly 
walking.  I needed to earn that back, but after what had just happened it was 
clear.  It was clear I put that need above what was most important, them.  So, 
what if they didn't speak to me?  At least they would've been alive and that's 
what counts, except my silly need to prove something to them blinded me to that. 
 
     I stood in the subspace gymnasium for a moment longer thanking whatever 
spirit blessed me enough to give me a second chance.  I took something from that 
experience (Besides the nightmarish imagery); I took with me the knowledge of 
self-forgiveness.  I didn't wrong myself beforehand, so there was no need for me 
to beat myself up over my past misdoing.  They would've forgiven me regardless; 
I'm not saying that to be a jackass, but more so, because we'd been through too 
much together to let something like this tear us apart.  It truly was long 
enough.  So as the blinding light poured from my body, bringing on five more, we 
walked out of the gym in silence.  Upon entering the laboratory of sleeping 
women we trailed off to our designated lover, carefully picking up each one of 
them stopping only to appreciate the life that flowed through them.  "I'll see 
you all in the morning."  The Washu orientated Tenchi said telepathically, to 
which we all nodded as he disappeared through a subspace portal.
 
     As we exited the lab moving towards our respective rooms, people started to 
wake up.  Ryoko was the first and Ayeka was the second thanks to the squeaky 
floorboards on the stairs.  "*Yawning* Hey Tenchi, what... you're walking?" 
Ryoko asked, before she blinked a few times to assess the situation.  Once she 
realized I was walking, she hugged me (Tightly, extremely tightly) while saying, 
"Finally, I don't have to be alone again."  However, after all I had seen and 
been through, I didn't see anything worth cheering about.  Feelings were equally 
cheery in Sasami-Tsunami's bedroom downstairs, two apartments across town, and 
in a subspace laboratory, yet the gray mood I was in existed in all of those 
places.  Anyway, this time I made my apologies (Thanks to them being too happy 
to argue against it), not out of worrisome guilt, or a need for forgiveness.  I 
apologized because I was genuinely sorry.  And to reassure me that I was the 
luckiest man on Earth... no, the universe, they all said, "Apology accepted."  I 
never told them what he told me or about the holographic simulation, instead the 
self-contained promise to never let that become a reality was all the thought 
that particular event needed.
 

*Strange Days*
 
 
     It was a week or so since those events were added to the annals of my mind 
and things were back to the way they were, with the addition of Nagi and a new 
me.  Now I know you're probably asking yourself where the elusive Yugi went in 
all of this, right?  I find it difficult to fathom, let alone see it on a daily 
basis but more on that in a minute.  According to Washu, she played around on 
the planet the lab was housed on.  I couldn't believe she'd even be allowed out 
there.  Then again, I didn't (Remember) know of all her powers.  Anyhow, after 
Washu assured me (Her me) that the girl could fend for herself I accepted it and 
moved on.  She'd show up for meals occasionally.  But more often than not, she'd 
be as vaguely present as Grandpa would almost.  Sasami told me how fond of her 
she was in the past and I didn't know if I was edging her out or what, but she 
seemed so distant.  Maybe it was the fact that somewhere in my brain I loved the 
image of the girl she looked like, but there was something eating at me about 
her behavior.  Sometimes she'd seem so child-like and yet, other's she'd seem as 
old as Washu (mentally speaking of course). 
 
     It was on a Sunday, if I'm not mistaken, normal day as you can ask for 
around here, when Nagi comments on her boredom.  This sparked us all to realize 
the same thing; we were bored as hell.  "I know, let's say we all spar?  I've 
been itching to know who's the better swordsman between us."  Nagi's part of me 
said, which drew an unexpected amount of boasting from the women within the 
room.  Each of them claimed they had the stronger me, which was already 
established as in impossibility... or was it?  Making our way to my usual 
training area in the forest, we Tenchi all began to stretch for a workout that 
was a few months past due (Keep in mind we stopped by the shrine for a few 
bokken on the way).  "What's the point in battle if you aren't going to use the 
big guns?  Those light hawk swords are where the power is, so why not use 
those?"  Nagi asked, obviously missing the point of non-fatal combat. To the 
uninitiated, I'm sure they do look like plain old sticks carved into swords but 
it isn't that simple. Each bokken is made from a branch of Funaho, Grandpa's 
tree-ship, which makes them stronger than most metals found on Earth or anywhere 
in the universe for that matter.
 
     One of me was going to explain this little fact to her before Mr. 
Flamboyant hacked a tree down to show her just how powerful they were.  "I see." 
Nagi said, as everyone else sort of groaned in annoyance of his little feature. 
Bah, they only groaned because one of you didn't do it first.  No, they groaned 
because they HOPE we never become as big headed as you.  Oh, so now I have a big 
head?  Well then, what do you have since it is YOUR head too?  Ah... don't ah at 
me.  I'll ah at you because I AM you!  Uh, you are aware we're still typing 
right?  Okay, where were we?  Right, okay so mock battle ensues and everyone is 
cheering for her Tenchi.  Of course, without using the Ryoko advantages some of 
us had, no one in particular had any type of substantial advantage in the 
battle.  Three hours or so into the thing, no breaks were taken, and still we 
were going strong.  Thus proving I didn't get as rusty as I thought in my little 
coma.  It was at this time, I, Sasami-Tsunami's me, caught a faint moan.  
Dismissing it at first listen, but every time, whomever I was engaged in duel 
with and I neared a particular bush, we heard it again.
 
     Finally, as the moan turned into a scream we all froze.  Motioning for the 
others to be quiet, Mihoshi's me inched down the path toward the noise.  Keep in 
mind, it's winter almost and I haven't made a sound on the fallen leaves.  
Reaching this bush I carefully peek through, and whom do I see at the bottom of 
this hill wrapped in a blanket, not to mention in the arms of some guy?  Yugi! 
Yep, apparently she'd taken her being left alone to the point of going into town 
for some companionship, well I'd say that if I didn't hear the most 
bloodcurdling of screams.  "YOSHO!" Ayeka's shrill voice (not to mention her 
sneaking up on me) sends me snowballing down the hill right into them!  Man, 
I'll tell you what, shock didn't even begin to register until I was face to face 
with him.  I knew Grandpa was Yosho in his younger days.  I just never knew he 
was STILL Yosho underneath it all.  So, it takes everyone else all of four 
seconds to get down and surround the naked couple.  And before the barrage of 
questions could begin, he stands up, still naked, and says, "There are things we 
must discuss." 
 
     They, he and Yugi, stand up and walk off towards the shrine.  For about 
five minutes the only noise was Ayeka and her various growls and teeth 
grindings.  Every Tenchi just stood mouths open, and eyes popped in utter 
amazement. Grandpa, old man on the mountain for like, sixty or seventy years and 
now he's about my age and sleeping with my ex?  What the fuck is going on?  I 
remember being the collective thought at the time.  "I see you inherit quite a 
bit from your grandfather."  You'd expect Ryoko to deliver a line like that to 
break the silence, but alas, her lifelong rival showed just why they were as 
much delivering the mouth dropping statement... if mouths could've dropped any 
further that is.  As if to obliterate the idea of anyone mishearing her comment, 
when everyone turned she was focusing on my, Sasami-Tsunami's me, crotch.  "Um, 
let's just go hear what he has to say about this whole thing."  Ayeka's 
rendition of myself said, seeing as a vein was starting to throb in her forehead 
by Nagi's admission of eyeing up Grandpa. 
 
     Making our way back up the hill, more jokes (By eventually every woman in 
attendance) were made at the expense of me and my, "Tenchi-ken", as it was 
dubbed, we arrived at the temple.  Sitting at the table, the two apparent lovers 
sat enjoying a couple of cups of tea.  "Hi!" Yugi greeted, almost as if we saw 
none of the before.  Taking our imposed seats, we were treated to a story 
relating to Grandpa's lidded past and in this past he apparently met a demon.  
Well, not a demon really.  More like a secret government mutant that just 
happened to escape and spread folklore about herself as a demon.  She just so 
happened to be captured before expressing her feelings for a young prince, her 
only friend, and my grandfather, Yosho.  And so, while everyone else spent time 
moping around feeling sorry for me and what not they were out here getting to 
know each other again.  This may seem a vague explanation, but I assure you, 
it's about as deep as the one he gave us that day.  And if you want to be 
specific, Yugi did most of the explaining. 
 
     If we remember correctly, Grandpa's only real input came in grunts and head 
nodding.  I really can't say I was expecting anything more forthcoming, but 
Ayeka on the other hand wasn't going to accept this kindly or in a princess-like 
manner. "So you're telling me, you were seeing this... "Woman", all the while 
you were engaged to me?"  She screamed, which got the moderate cringe from those 
among us with sensitive ears.  Play it off as he might, it's rather difficult 
for him to pretend he's the wise old man when he looks all of twenty-one.  This 
was evident in the beads of sweat cropping up on his forehead, as his former 
bride to be demanded answers.  Before he even managed a way to weasel out of his 
commentary, I simply asked Ayeka to drop it. 
 
     "I will do no such thing," She said at first. "And I would assume you'd be 
as shocked by this as I am."  Don't get me wrong, I was shocked about it.  
Except my shock wore off on the trip up the hill.  "Shocked? Compared to 
everything else that's happened around here, Grandpa's sex life is barely 
charting."  I, her me, said nonchalantly.  As her head floated around the room 
and found six more identical faces, her thunder visibly died.  Seven of me, 
Tsunami present in Sasami, Nagi actually smiling while being around Ryoko 
without trying to kill her, and somehow Yugi and Grandpa being long lost lovers 
is surprising?  Ha, it shouldn't take any less than a universal catastrophe to 
surprise us.  And after dealing with what, three or four of those now, even they 
aren't worth getting all up in arms about (In terms of terrified reaction). 
 
     So, all of this brings us back to the present.  I'm happily residing at 
home, all four of them (Washu's, Kiyone's, Mihoshi's, and Masaki central with 
Ryoko, Sasami-Tsunami, and Nagi), and despite all of my mistakes and tragic 
results, I think it's all worked to put us a little closer.  Well, that and the 
fact Washu let them (the female populace) into my lab and absolutely destroyed 
the machine may have something to do with it as well.  But at any rate, I assume 
they'll be back shortly from dwindling my expense account down to the last yen. 
No worries, even if they do manage to spend everything (which should really be 
hard considering the amount in said account) we have, I guess I'll find out if I 
have Dad's way with architecture or not and try to get a job. 
 
Until next time, this is Tenchi Masaki signing off... (Hehehe, I've always 
wanted to say that).
 
 
 
     And as the laptop Washu had genetically fitted to him (Whole Tenchi) fades 
from existence, he folds his hands behind his head and frowns at the sound of 
nothing.  But as though he willed it, he heard the living room door slide open 
with the sounds of feet and plastic bags shuffling, claims of a certain Space 
Pirate not carrying her share and a multi-tiered voiced calling up to let him 
know they were home.  Now he smiles because this was home at its best to him.  
"Tenchi? I said we're home, didn't you hear us?" Sasami-Tsunami asked, smiling 
sheepishly as Tenchi sat with his feet propped up on his windowsill.  "Yeah, I 
heard.  Just thought I'd keep listening, I kinda thrive off the noise now."  He 
said, spinning around to face her.  

     And without another thought, he stood up out of the group, walked towards 
the blue-haired woman, and delivered a soft kiss on the end of her nose.  "Hehe, 
you could at least warn us before you do that.  Even goddesses are sensitive to 
bright light."  They said in mock scolding, which caused both of Tenchi to 
chuckle slightly.  "Well I'll see you two downstairs, kinda anxious to see what 
the baby clothes look like."  And with that, they were gone. 
 
 
Author's Notes: So shall it be written, so shall it come to be posted. I really 
don't have much to say this time, and that could be directly linked to the fact 
I've been rewriting most of this fic from the ground up over the last seventeen 
some hours. Take it easy, because I'm going to go fall into a light coma of my 
own now. 


               

             
               

             

              

                   

              

                  

              

         



       

       

     

           

