Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi or any of his supporting cast.  I just own the 
perverted mind to do this to them.  All characters are of course property of 
Pioneer and AIC.  If you're under the age of 18 or find cheesy sex stories 
offensive turn back now... but seeing as you're in the lemon section I doubt you 
will.  Without further interruption I present Tenchi Muyo: The Clone Chronicles.

     Sitting atop two floating cushions in a dimension the size of a planet, yet 
condensed enough to fit into a small broom closet, is one Tenchi Masaki and the 
greatest scientific genius in the universe Washu.  Their time together was 
marred with her literally testing him.  He thought for sure they'd be having sex 
or some form of it by the way she hinted with the kiss and her extra emphasis on 
the word "test".  But alas that wasn't the case.  Instead she resumed a course 
of action on him that he thought they were long since past.  She drew blood, 
hair, she'd even cut a chunk of his skin off, and all to be sure he really 
wasn't going to eventually mutate into something or kill over in another few 
months.  Washu had found something off about his genetic structure; he possessed 
a little twinge of Ryoko that wasn't specifically related to her doppelganger 
ability.  It was stable enough within his being that it didn't seem like it 
would be anything major, but she still wanted to know what it was.  Seeing as 
though he was becoming slightly red and quite tired from her constant pokes and 
prods, she let the grappler arms release him and called up her cushions for them 
to take a seat on.  "So doc, how does everything check out?" Tenchi said 
breaking the silent barrier they'd been behind since entering the lab.  "Oh, you 
check out fine.  You do however have a bit of Ryoko in you that's yet to be 
seen.  It shouldn't be too big of a deal seeing as it's mixed solidly within you 
and doesn't appear to be growing or manifesting any kind of harmful side 
effects."  Washu said with her usual scientific flare.  Once again the silent 
wall moved into place between them as they peered out of the dome the lab was 
held in, looking over the jungle like environment just on the other side.  

     Suddenly and without much warning a bird flew by the dome... a bird the 
size of a small plane.  "AAAH!" Tenchi managed to scream falling backward off 
the cushion on to the floor.  Washu being used to the sight of that and the rest 
of the natural wildlife just chuckled at his outburst.  "Washu, that thing can't 
get in here can it?  I mean what the hell was that?  It looked like a bird... 
but it, well you saw it."  Tenchi said still firmly on his back with his feet 
pointed skyward.  "Nah.  It can't get in, even if it could they're harmless, 
they only eat fruit."  She said smiling down at him.  "Good." He said breathing 
a sigh of relief.  "Hmmm, I just realized the view from down here is better." He 
said just low enough for it to hint at his true meaning, but yet loud enough to 
sound innocent.  Washu decided to play along by looking up.  "What?  I don't see 
what's so great about the view down there."  She waited for another poorly 
disguised line, but instead felt his foot push the cushion from under her.  
"HEEEEEY!"  Said a falling Washu.  Of course Tenchi managed to catch her before 
she hit too hard.  "That's better.  The view is much clearer now."  Tenchi said 
smiling at Washu as he held her on his left arm.  She blushed despite herself 
and let a smile creep across her lips.  She snuggled closer to him at this 
point, resting her head on his chest directly over his heart.  It had a strong 
beat, which caused her to sigh glad that everything did work out with his little 
experiment.  Tenchi on the other hand was playing with her hair.  He kept 
running his fingers through it in a playful manner before one of his many 
curiosities struck about the multi colored hair women he'd grown to love.  "I 
wonder if this is real?  I doubt Ryoko's is fake.  She couldn't get dye in a 
cave.  But the rest have ample opportunity to color their hair."  He began to 
part her hair as best he could with his one hand, checking her roots for any 
other color besides the flaming red, or should that be flaming pink mane she 
always wore.  Washu felt his playful twirling in her hair grow into an almost 
search mission for something.  "It's real." Were the only words she spoke and 
with them Tenchi froze.  His shirt hung slightly open and she could see his 
chest and stomach turning red, obviously embarrassed at being caught trying to 
figure out if her hair color was real.  She just had to see his expression, 
turning to face him with her chin slightly digging in his chest, she saw his 
face red with a grin any clown would be proud of.  

     "Haha, uh I wasn't um.  Well, err." Tenchi fumbled words like he used to 
when one of the girls would confront him about something, usually something 
involving decision making.  Washu now had the control where she loved it, with 
her.  So taking the initiative Washu kissed the still bumbling Tenchi.  His lips 
kept flapping so she pressed into the kiss harder; this promptly put his focus 
where it should be.  He felt her tongue slowly snake out and trace around his 
lower lip.  He just had to see how she looked licking his lips, opening his eyes 
he found her emerald eyes glued on his previous shut brown.  It seemed a little 
weird to stare at each other kissing, it wasn't weird enough for them to close 
their eyes, but it was weird enough.  Again he felt her tongue, this time 
pushing in an attempt to gain entry to his mouth.  Looking into her eyes still, 
which kept the creepy element, he complied.  The first thing he noticed, or 
rather his tongue noticed on entry was she had fangs.  Ryoko like fangs.  "Never 
noticed them when she talked." Tenchi thought.  But never the less he continued 
on.   Her mouth tasted sweet, like some kind of fruit.  He couldn't really place 
the fruit and didn't really care to as he felt her hand moving towards the 
obvious hard on he had developed a while ago.  Sliding his pants and underwear 
down to about the mid thigh region Washu's mind began to race.  "Ok.  It's been 
a while Washu, but you can do this still.  Relax and... Wow that's big; I've 
seen it before but man in my hand whoa.  Breath, Breath, this is nothing for the 
greatest scientific genius in the universe." Washu thought, while repeating the 
status that brought her so much comfort.  Still looking into his eyes, while 
chanting her mantra over and over in her mind.  Tenchi shuddered as her cool 
hand grasped his penis, the sudden temperature change brought on by her hand 
would have made him gasp, but he was still locked in the kiss so it sounded more 
like a moan.  Which from Washu's position seemed like a growl?  "Yes, I remember 
this.  The last time I was this close to a guy..." Her memory cut short to be 
replaced with a new one.  Washu's tongue and hand all stopped their rhythmic 
motions as well.  "The last time I was this close to a guy, that freak locked me 
in that crystal on his ship.  Kagato you filthy sack of..." "OOOW!" Tenchi said 
tearing away from the kiss as she unconsciously bore down on his member with an 
inhumanly strong grip.  "Washu what the hell was that for?"  An in enraged and 
inflamed Tenchi shouted.  "Huh?" Washu said as her mind came back to the 
present.  "Why did you just try to castrate me?" He couldn't hide his obvious 
anger at the situation.  Washu looked down and noticed his penis was covered in 
an obvious finger pattern. 

     "Oh that, uh well that was just a force of habit."  The look on his face 
let her know he wasn't buying that.  "Seriously, just a bad memory."  His face 
softened with that reply.  Not only did his face soften the mood; it again was 
softening her tongue.  The later of which she fought to keep tight.  "No damn 
it.  You got captured the last time you let control of the situation slip away 
to some guy who claimed he loved you.  The time before that you lost your 
family.  I won't let him do that to me.  I will control this! ME AND ONLY ME!"  
Washu's mind screamed at her.  Rationally she knew Tenchi was better than that, 
but still to be safe emotional barriers felt that control must always be with 
her.  After her mental rebuttal and brief stare down of Tenchi, she decided to 
materialize her laptop and fix him up.  A small hole opened next to her and she 
retrieved a bottle with a small crab on it.  "Few sprays of this and you'll be 
great." Washu said smiling at Tenchi who now appeared to be returning to his 
previous mood.  "Thank you.  But could you keep a lid on the memory mill?  I 
don't think I can survive that again." He said laughing a little.  Washu smiled 
lightly, even though she felt kind of bad not fully trusting him.  After 
applying the spray, the discoloration disappeared as did the pain and they were 
back in business.  With the kissing and staring back in full swing, Washu began 
to undress him.  This was rather amazing seeing as the only things she was 
looking at were his eyes.  Tenchi figured he'd get in on the fun and began to 
unbutton her shirt.  His response was a shocking one; she smacked his hand away.  
"Ow!  Why'd you do that?"  Tenchi asked more out of shock than pain.  She just 
laughed a nervous laugh and told him, "We'll get to me in a minute, now it's 
about you."  Washu stood up at this point, as did Tenchi giving her a 
questionable look.  Again the laptop formed and before Tenchi could question 
what was she going to do, he was grabbed.  He was grabbed by "friends" he had 
just seen a while ago.  "Washu, what gives?  I thought the tests were through."  
Anger and frustration once again taking the forefront of his emotions.  "Don't 
worry, I think you'll like these "tests" my little guinea pig."  Washu said like 
a pure temptress.  His anger quickly checked itself some where, because lust 
once again became the lead emotion of the moment.  

     Washu summoned one of the floating cushions and took a seat directly in 
front of Tenchi.  The laptop made another appearance, Tenchi figured he'd be 
stabbed with something now.  Instead a grappler arm made its way from the 
recesses of the lab, sucked his clothes off and disappeared before he had time 
to yell in surprise.  Naked, suspended by his arms and legs, Tenchi hung before 
the scientist like a stretched lab rat.  "Washu, what are you go..."  "Sssh.  
Just hang around, I think you'll like it."  "Gee, I guess I don't have a choice 
with these arms holding me here now do I?"  Tenchi said smiling, because this 
was one time the arms didn't bother him at all.  The sunlight made her seductive 
grin even more so, by slightly reflecting and amplifying the deep emerald of her 
eyes.  Gulping to calm his nerves he watched her in wait.  Slowly she stood, 
much like in the living room earlier, she walked around him like she was 
appraising a car to see if it was worthy of being bought.  Coming to a stop 
directly in front of him she let her index finger rest on his throat.  It began 
its travel; she ran her finger down, around each of his nipples.  Lightly 
brushing her hand against each of the highly sensitized nubs, bringing slight 
gasps and moans from him.  Ms. Finger continued her way south, lightly playing 
her way over his abs.  Still she had one more stop to make.  Washu again brought 
her focus to his eyes, where his attention once again placed itself.  Her finger 
traced the full length of his erection, stopping only to rest directly on his 
piss hole.  Failing miserably Tenchi moaned out loud at the new sensation.  
Washu simply smiled and continued her finger torture.  She let it trace a vein 
in his member that appeared to spiral its way around the almost full length.  
Much like he'd grown to expect of Ryoko, Washu pounced, or rather her hand did.  
She took the full length in her hand and slowly began to pump all while staring 
into his eyes.  By now the staring lost its weird effect and it was just common 
place.  Washu smiled an evil little smile as she saw his eyes slightly roll back 
in his head.  "Oh God Washu!" She remained silent and doubled her speed and 
pressure when she heard his words.  "I'm almost there!  I'm going to Washu!" She 
stopped.  "What!  Why'd you stop?"  Tenchi screamed a little more forcefully 
than he had intended upon.  "We don't want the game to end before it even starts 
now do we?"  Washu said stepping back to sit again on the cushion.  

     "Game?  What the hell does she mean game?  This is verging on torture, I 
knew she would probably want to control things but come on is she this big of a 
control freak?"  He thought calmly, although his outward appearance looked 
amazed, pissed, and confused all at the same time.  Tenchi was about to speak 
again when he noticed she was starting to undress.  In humanely slow, Washu 
unbuttoned her usual khaki shorts.  Standing she let them pool at her feet 
before kicking them into Tenchi's chest.  Tenchi remained oblivious and his eyes 
lay on her.  Looking into his eyes again she began to unbutton her shirt... just 
as, if not slower than the shorts.  Transfixed Tenchi could have sworn his nose 
began to bleed, but still he didn't care.  Washu threw the shirt at him and it 
got the same response as the shorts, nothing but a wide-eyed stare.  Standing in 
a green body suit, she began to unzip it, revealing finally skin.  Not just 
skin, but skin that appeared to glow.  Compared to the shirt and shorts the body 
suit went off fast.  Tenchi at this point was trying to break the restraints; he 
had, no, needed to touch her.  Washu however just soaked in his full body 
staring and feeble attempts to break the grappler arms.   Washu decided to say 
something to further his turmoil.  "Told you it was real."  A little chuckle 
came from her throat as she watched his eyes scan and completely lock on to her 
pubic region.  Tenchi however didn't laugh, he and his member were some how 
trying to reach out and touch her.  Washu taking a seat on the cushion extended 
one of her feet.  Tracing up his inner leg she once again managed to take moans 
from him.  "Mmmm. Come on Washu let me go." Tenchi whined as he felt her toes 
reach his sack.  "In good time." Was all she said.  Her feet continued to play 
with his balls and run along the length of his dick.  For what it was worth he 
never knew feet could feel so good, or be used like this, even his father's 
books didn't talk about feet used in this manner.  He was starting to get off on 
it.  He however didn't want her to know so he tried to act as calm as possible, 
but she could tell because his eyes started rolling back in his head again.  "A 
little bit more, come on come... AH SHIT!" The last words actually left his mind 
and came out of his mouth at the feeling of her feet being removed.  He didn't 
want to demand sex, but this was maddening.  Washu laughed at his anger washed 
face as she stood and began her approach toward him.  "I know I took a while in 
choosing them, but this is just down right cruel.  I didn't torture them with 
sex games, not while I was awake anyway.  Even when I did it in my dreams it 
wasn't this bad.  I do however see where Ryoko gets the breasts.  Oh god if I 
could just touch one, this isn't fair!  Stupid grapplers arms."  Tenchi's 
thoughts spilled over into more vain attempts to be free of the evil arms.

     Washu's little strut ended inches away from Tenchi.  She was so close he 
could feel the heat of her body, especially on the tip of his dick.  They looked 
at each other in the eyes again.  Tenchi was at the breaking point and was about 
to out right ask, beg, or plead for sex at this point staring at her body so 
close.  It was like she sensed he was going to crack, in speed he didn't quite 
believe; she'd hopped up and plunged him deep within her.  Not fully grasping 
where he was his last conscious thought was "Hmmm, she's as light as a feather."  
Then the sensation of what was happening caught up with him and of course he was 
almost lost.  The lab was filled with a wet slapping sound as he steadied 
himself and worked harder than was really necessary to keep up with her pace.  
She impaled herself over and over again.  It was almost like Tenchi was just 
there for her personal use, which he was in a way, until the blatant reality of 
he was just being used dawned on him.  Washu just bounced letting out the 
occasional moan or grunt as she continued to basically fuck him.  "Oh god this 
feels good!  Think Tenchi.  Come on ignore that.  You do realize you're 
basically being screwed don't you?  What's your point?  It feels good.  True, 
but if you notice your being used kind of like a machine, she gets off and 
you're basically just there.  I'd get off too if you'd shut up.  LISTEN!  Ask 
her to untie you if you think this isn't really just about her."  To put his 
mind and phallic mind at peace with each other he obeyed.  "Washu, uh.  God that 
feels good could you oh shit!  Release me from the restraints?"  Her reply was a 
moan and a shake of her head in the fashion of no.  Washu continued her self-
pleasuring motions with her legs and arms wrapped around him bouncing.  "See.  
This isn't about both of you, just her.  That doesn't mean anything.  Then why'd 
she slap you when you tried to undo her shirt?  Then she was... uh, well.  Damn 
it!  You think too much.  It's what I do."  Some how after that debate in his 
mind, phallic mind seemed to relinquish body control back over to the big brain.  
"Ok, the way I see it is like this, she wants to control you and every situation 
you're in.  It doesn't seem so bad to me, but still it's not right." Phallic 
mind admitted.  "We're going to try and get loose so we can get a bit of 
control.  And how do you propose we do this?  Follow my lead."  The debate ends 
the plan begins.  Washu now screaming and pulling his hair is very close to her 
first orgasm when, "Washu, I don't think I can keep this up, my arms hurt too 
much for me to keep going."  It was the truth in some aspects, his arms were 
losing color, but he could have kept going.  Washu still in a sexual haze looked 
at his arms and noticed the discoloration, summoned the laptop with one hand hit 
a few keys releasing his arms.  

     "Thanks." Washu gave a grunt in acknowledgement to his appreciation and 
resumed her ramming as he just held on to her now sweat drenched back.  "Ok, now 
we need to get the legs free.  From there she goes on to the table behind us.  
How is that going to give us control?  You'll see."  His two minds finished 
again leaving his body to respond to the tasks at hand.  Washu was furiously 
trying to get back to the amazing orgasm she was almost at when he started 
whining about his arms.  Tenchi felt her getting tighter and began to whine on 
cue.  "Washu, me again.  Do you think you can let my legs go, I can't feel them 
and my thighs are starting to burn."  Washu with hair plastered to her forehead 
and back again assessed the situation, she forgot to put his feet on the floor 
and restrain them.  So he was dangling supporting his weight on only his legs in 
mid air, coupled with her gyrations.  Sighing she calls on the laptop again and 
has them brought to the floor.  Once free she resumes her bouncing.  "Now we all 
remember that table don't we?  It's the same one she strapped us to get the 
sample all those times.  If you'd listened to me she would have got it.  Shut 
up!  Remember, it wasn't ran from the laptop so put her there and strap her 
down."  Tenchi was sort of shocked by his mind's calculating ways, but never the 
less he followed orders.  Inching backwards Tenchi slowly felt the cool table 
bump into his bare ass and with as much speed he could generate, he snatched the 
once again very close Washu from his loins and threw her on the table as light 
as he could.  Her imminent release being denied her again slowed her reaction 
time enough for him to grab and secure each of her appendages to the four rests 
of the table.  "Tenchi, what, what are you doing!"  Washu screamed as she 
realized her arms and legs were now pinned.  "Sssh.  Don't worry, this is the 
fun part."  Tenchi said mockingly. "Tenchi this isn't funny let me go NOW!"  
"Why?  You seemed to like tying me up and controlling the situation.  Why can't 
we share in the control?"  His face looked mocking as he said it, but the words 
sounded sincere.  He loomed over her, it was causing the memories Kagato to 
resurface and she was slowly but surely panicking.  "Look Tenchi.  We can share 
in it, just let me go!"  Tenchi startled her when he hopped up on the table and 
straddled her stomach.  "You said we can share, so I want my turn now."  He said 
it leaning down with a smile and his head in between her breasts.  She was still 
scared, but her lips let a smile dance across them quickly because of the funny 
image he made.

     "What do you think I'd actually hurt you or something?" Tenchi's smile gone 
and his appearance lay serious, despite his location.  "I don't think you'd hurt 
me, I just don't trus...  I mean I don't feel right unless I have the controls."  
She said hoping he missed her almost admission of not trusting him, too bad he 
got it.  "Oh I see.  Well I guess I'll just have to show you that you can trust 
me."  Tenchi said with in her eyes an evil grin, which just made him look 
sinister in her book.  She looked petrified, even like she wanted to scream.  
But she forced herself not to.  If she were going to be hurt again she would not 
cry like a baby.  Tenchi continued to hold the smile, then she felt him begin to 
move.  His hands slowly crept up her sides, tickling her.  "Stop Tenchi HAHAHA! 
Come on! AHAHAHAHA!  PLEASE! HAHAHAHA!"  "Now did that hurt?"  He said with a 
mock air of concern.  "No.  But still come on let me go."  Washu said with a 
quickly fading smile.  Tenchi however smiled and turned his face into her 
breastbone.  She felt his tongue, his rather hot tongue begin to lightly lap at 
the skin there.  "If any of this hurts, tell me and I'll stop." Tenchi said in 
between his small licks.  Her panic was still in place, but the heightened 
senses were being used to her disadvantage.  Her skin was cooling after her 
exertion of prior and the heat of his tongue was sending shockwaves of pleasure 
to her core.  Like a skilled mountain climber, Tenchi's tongue climbed its way 
up Mount R. Breast.  The pattern of the day once again had their eyes lock onto 
each other.  His tongue made slow circles around her now rock hard nipple.  He 
took it into his mouth with a sharp inhalation; Washu could only inhale along 
with the new heated sensation.  Tenchi now watched as Washu's eyes rolled back 
in her head.  He also noticed she'd stopped her squirming, her squirming wrists 
anyway.  "Tenchi this feels, oh! Mmmm. Mmmm."  Tenchi decided to get somewhat 
even, he released her breast to an audible moan/growl of disgust from Washu.  
"It feels what?  Did that hurt?" The smile across his face snapped Washu back in 
to her distorted reality of her being possibly hurt in the end.  She never 
finished with Kagato or even got to the sex at all and before him she hadn't had 
sex in about ten or so millennia, so her hormones were trying their best to beat 
the fear she felt down with a stick because they needed this now.  Yet fear 
would always win while she wasn't being pleasured.  "It didn't hurt.  But I said 
it feels like you need to release me."  She said in her most serious tone, or as 
serious as it could be for the moment.  

     "It feels like I should release you huh?"  Tenchi huffed a deep puff of air 
on her still wet nipple; he felt her whole body shake and watched with a smile 
as a rather large moan escaped her clenched jaw.  "I don't think that's what you 
were going to say at all."  Her eyes again fluttered back to her reality, just 
as quickly though Tenchi was latched on to her left breast.  He lavished her 
nipple in a suckling that was the best thing going in her quickly clouding mind.  
She could feel herself growing wetter with each roll of his tongue on her 
nipple.  So much so the leathery covering of the table squeaked under her 
undulating thighs.  Tenchi slowly let her breast slide from his mouth but he 
latched onto the nipple between his teeth as it began to slide out of his mouth.  
She poorly hid another moan as she felt the majority of her left breast's weight 
being held by her hypersensitive nipple.  Tenchi took this opportunity to 
assault the nipple with his tongue.  "FffuuucK!"  Washu said or rather screamed 
through clenched teeth.  At this point Tenchi noticed her left side was arched 
in an offering like gesture for him to continue going at her breast.  Her body 
was again beginning to shake and her moans were not even trying to be with held.  
Tenchi knew he was close to getting her to submit, not slave like submit.  Just 
submit to the fact she knew he wouldn't hurt her, even in this vulnerable type 
of situation.  

     Letting her nipple fall from his mouth, he admired the way her white 
porcelain globe slightly jiggled.  "Wait right here." Before she had time to 
fully understand the words she felt his body leave her.  The missing heat became 
apparent as the sweat on her body began to cool.  "Where are you going?  Come 
back and let me go!"  By now he was out of earshot.  As she lye there an idea 
occurred to her, "Get the robots to release me!"  Her maniacal laughter echoed 
through the unusually quiet lab.  "Execute protocol five, nine, ten, two, 
thirteen, forty three."  She waited for the labs CPU to recognize her voice 
command and answer.  "VOICE COMMAND NOT RECOGNIZED.  USER'S VOICE INVALID."  The 
computer shouted back.  "Not recognized!"  Then she remembered the emergency 
voice commands were all programmed to be recognized by her child voice.   "I'll 
just convert and I'll be free."  Then she thought again, out loud as usual.  
"Damn it!  If I go "little" Washu restrained like this I'll be stretched apart, 
damn it Tenchi!"  She screamed also realizing she couldn't reach the tables 
controls with her arms in the rests pulled apart from her like this.  Tenchi was 
now in the other dimension, other wise known as his house.  He started to walk 
from Washu's lab door when he felt a breeze.  He'd forgotten to get dressed.  
Listening for voices, he heard none.  Using his most silent step he made his way 
towards the kitchen, peering in from a slightly crouched position he noticed 
Sasami and himself were no where to be seen.  "Probably went for a walk or 
something."  He thought as he got up and casually strutted to the refrigerator.  
"Ah, come to me my pretty!"  He said with an American voice, mocking some woman 
in an American film.  With his bowl of ice he closed the refrigerator door 
looking down at it smiling.  "Tenchi." He recognized the voice of his 
grandfather immediately, but he failed to remember his nudity.  "Hi Grandpa."  
Then as his grandfather cleared his throat Tenchi thought.  He slammed the bowl 
of ice firmly in front of his exposed nether regions.  "And you all wonder why I 
spend so much time at the shrine.  I'll talk to you later as to why there are 
three of you running around now."  His grandfather stated as always calm and 
collected before he turned on his heel and exited back through the sliding door.  
Tenchi was going to explain but his grandfather was gone.  Letting out a sigh as 
he leaned back against the refrigerator.  Getting his thoughts back to the task 
at hand he started for the kitchen door again, he heard the sliding door open 
and turned slowly thinking he'd see his grandfather again, nope.  It was Sasami 
this time.  "Hey Ten..." Her words cut short by her naked boyfriend standing 
there holding a bowl of ice.  "Uh, hi.  This must look really weird ok it is 
weird.  I'll just be on my way now." He bowed slightly before backing out of the 
door.  Sasami could still see him when he darted back into Washu's lab... well 
his butt anyway.  A smile crept across her face as she went back to her reason 
for entering the kitchen, to start preparing dinner.  

     Washu heard her lab door slam shut, but seeing as it was getting dark on 
the planet her lab was on, she couldn't see where Tenchi was.  Then without 
warning she heard a loud clank of metal, she looked up and noticed the domes 
black out shell was coming into place.  Washu watched in fear and silence as the 
inner dome closed leaving the lab in complete darkness.  "Tenchi this isn't 
funny.  You're starting to sca... creep me out."  Her voice was starting to 
crack as she was being racked with pure fear now.  Suddenly a loud pop was 
heard.  He cut on a single spotlight that illuminated only the space the table 
occupied.  "I wasn't trying to scare you." Tenchi said from an unknown spot in 
the lab.  His voice echoed so she didn't have any idea where he was remotely 
situated.  Then she heard a slight noise moving and it sounded like it was a box 
filled with something because the sound it made was like a group of items 
bumping into each other.  Washu had her head slightly lifted looking from side 
to side; her face was obviously washed in fear.  Tenchi suddenly appeared out of 
the darkness standing at her feet sucking on what appeared to be ice.  "You know 
Washu," Tenchi began as he started to get on top of her again.  "You don't have 
to look like I'm going to kill you.  I'm not going to hurt you, unless you tell 
me otherwise, I won't anyway.  So, what's your big hang up about having all of 
the control anyway?"  Tenchi asked starting to crunch the ice he was previously 
sucking.  Her mouth was slightly open in awe of Tenchi's bold question and the 
attitude that seemed to scream at her "He's starting to act like Kagato."  But a 
part of her mind wouldn't let that thought cement itself.  He waited for some 
kind of response of course none came.  "What do you think I could do to you?  
Honestly?  I can't kill you, I WOULDN'T KILL YOU EVEN IF I COULD, I'm not going 
to painfully torture you, what else could you possibly think I'd do to you?"  
His voice and look was serious as she stared up at him.  She still refused to 
answer.  She'd told him everything about her past that she'd cared to share at 
their last soul revealing get together.  Still the fact she didn't trust him 
weighed heavily on her newly formed or rather reborn conscience.  "Still won't 
talk?  We have our ways of making you talk.  HAHAHAHAHAHA!" Tenchi's laugh was 
maniacal, if it weren't for her current state she'd think it was psychotically 
cute.  As of now though, it only added to her unwarranted fear of him.  Tenchi 
placed the bowl of ice on a near by medical table.  

     "If this doesn't convince you I'm not going to hurt you..." He let the 
statement just drift.  Tenchi took a piece of the ice into his mouth, "What are 
you going to do with that?"  Her voice cracked a little more than she wanted 
with that question.  "In good time."  His answer mocking her previous more 
seduction filled one.  Taking the ice from his mouth he lowered his head over 
her right breast.  His cold breaths causing the nipple to quickly stand up.  He 
slowly took the now hot with fear nipple into his insanely cold mouth and 
listened for his reward.  Washu's back arched forward before slamming back 
against the table.  "Aaah!"  Washu writhed around in an icy hot pleasure.  He 
continued to suck until he felt the warmth returning to his own mouth.  
Releasing her breast he took the ice back into his mouth and repeated the 
process, his cold suckling was rewarded with constant screams and moans from 
Washu.  His mouth once again warm he let the breast go.  Taking another piece of 
ice, he began to trace around the previously ignored breast.  Everywhere the ice 
touched he let the heat of his tongue follow its cooled path.  Washu could only 
shake and lightly moan now.  Tenchi again brought the forefront of his attack to 
her nipple; he let the rapidly melting ice sit behind her nipple.  "Tenchi come 
on that's not fair!" Washu managed to gasp out.  She began to try and use 
momentum to remove the piece of offending ice but Tenchi held her firmly in 
place.  "Ah, ah, ah.  No moving."  He lowered his face right above her breast 
and stared at her as he took her nipple and the ice into his mouth.  She could 
feel the ice and his tongue swirling around her nipple and it was incredible.  
With her head propped up slightly she could see his lips firmly locked around 
her breast, again the wetness was growing south side, but she didn't want to 
give in.  Coupled with fear was this amazing realization, "His foreplay is 
excellent.  He hasn't even touched me down there and I'm about ready to pop, oh 
god!" Her last thought was pulled into verbalization as an orgasm struck... and 
it was only from nipple play.  

     "Did that hurt?" Tenchi asked again with that smirk on his face.  "Nu, nu, 
nu." Washu took a few deep breaths to calm herself after her sample of euphoria.  
"No.  It still doesn't change the fact that I..." "That you don't trust me." His 
words interrupted.  The once playful tone in his voice gone and his smirk 
replaced by a look of defeat.  Not even defeat, more like pain.  Tenchi raised 
himself off of her, hit a few buttons on the table's keypad and watched her 
restraints retract.  Washu sat directly upright and focused on her wrists slight 
chaffing, it didn't hurt but it was better than looking at him and that 
expression.  "I don't know what I did to lose your trust, but I swear I'll get 
it back." He said it below a yell, yet it was loud enough to echo.  From the 
corner of her eye she saw his face change from sad to determined and once again 
back to defeat as he said those words.  He walked off into the darkness of the 
lab towards where the grappler arm would have deposited his clothing.  He'd been 
in the lab enough to know where they went, meanwhile Washu sat quiet and alone 
atop her medical table, outwardly she appeared as though she didn't care, 
internally however was another thing.  "So you're just going to sit here?  Yeah.  
Let him think some how he's the reason you don't trust him?  Yep.  I must say 
you're the greatest scientific genius in the universe, but when it comes to 
people you're a moron."  A frown came across her face at being called a moron, 
even if it was just by herself.  "Well he's got to learn he can't just look at 
me and expect me to do things.  How do you know he expects anything of you when 
looks at you?  He does this, um thing.  He smiles you mean.  Yeah.  It's not 
fair, I'm the greatest scientist in the universe some little man can smile and 
make me a puppet!  I have the power! ME!  Uh huh.  What power has he tried to 
exercise over you?  You were here you saw.  Just then he could've screwed you if 
he wanted to, instead he focused souly on pleasing you.  Even when he does ask 
you for things he doesn't use any kind of charm, he asks plainly without using 
any of his influence.  That's just it he shouldn't have ANY influence over me.  
Why not?  You have influence over him.  But...  I am the greatest scientific 
mind in the universe and... Please save that bit for someone who doesn't know 
the truth.  You can't lie to yourself any more and you aren't immune to love 
regardless of what you are.  So you can honestly tell me if he decides to go 
rejoin with the others you wouldn't care at all?  Yep.  You'll spend the rest of 
time alone with no regrets about this?  Yep.  I'll find someone else and.  And 
what?  If you can't trust him, you won't be able to trust the next guy or the 
next and so on and so forth.  That's if you're lucky enough to meet another guy 
as good as him.  Losing the best thing that happened to us over some nonsense in 
the past.  Hey that's not nonsense!  No, but you can't say it's worth spending 
eternity alone over, can you?"  Washu's last question left her with no answer, 
for the time being.  Naked and alone Washu had run out of people to lie to, that 
even she herself was turning against her.  She searched her mind looking for any 
small detail that would make this justifiable she came up completely empty.  

     Finally she had to face the facts that a part of her already had, she was 
wrong, not just wrong, completely wrong.  Every aspect of what she was diluting 
herself with as truth was wrong, he'd never asked her to build any of the things 
she'd built on to the house.  He'd never asked her to expand the furniture or 
make extra rooms.  She did it all herself.  The only thing he had really asked 
her to do was forgive adults and come out of the lab to eat some times.  Again 
things all did in her benefit.  Heck even his lab and constant questions about 
certain scientific elements were done in her benefit or she wouldn't have him 
right now.  And she was prepared to let him wallow in guilt about some thing he 
hadn't done or even been aware of?  Moron didn't quite describe her level of 
stupidity right now, that word in her eyes hadn't been invented yet.  She had 
half a mind to invent it now, but more pressing issues were at hand.  The laptop 
making it's grand entrance for the umpteenth time that day materialized, she was 
scanning to see if he were still maybe sulking in a recess of the lab or if he 
had completely left.  "AHA!" She shouted in glee and anxiousness.  She heard a 
scream, a male scream.  He was still in the lab and her grappler arms quickly 
grabbed him pulling a still struggling Tenchi towards the center light.  The 
arms came to a stop in front of Washu who was still just as naked on the table.  
"Look, I'm sorry about the ice and tying you up.  But please no more tests, what 
more do you want bone marrow?"  Tenchi said in his all too familiar stretched 
rat position.  Washu pushed a few buttons and Tenchi landed on his feet with a 
slight splat, seeing as he was still bare foot... and naked.  "Probably couldn't 
see his way to his clothes in the dark." Washu thought.  

     "I'm not going to test you.  I want to apologize to you."  Tenchi looked a 
little confused, ok a lot confused.  "Apologize for what?  It's not your fault 
that you don't trust me, probably that damn kiss isn't it?  I should have just 
kissed you, now you probably think I'll run away every time I get close to you 
and... I think moron fits me quite nicely at the moment."  Washu again felt 
horrible, he had that look again as he just sort of slumped.  She was amazed at 
his willingness to except full responsibility for something he wasn't one 
hundred percent sure he did or did not do when it came to her.  Her guilt 
finally made her lie dam burst.  "Look, it isn't your fault.  It's just, I; I 
don't know what you call it.  I guess I invest too many feelings into people 
that I love or lust for.  My first and subsequently last husband for instance, I 
loved him with everything I had, then he was taken from me, as you know.  I 
couldn't do anything.  His family had all the control; they didn't think I was 
good enough, "Take her family and let her deal with it." And that's what they 
did.  I of course wasn't as able as I am now, so I just watched and cried.  I 
had hope that he would maybe try to escape and reach me again and that single 
thought kept me going for years, centuries even.  It seems like a long time to 
you, but you have to understand that to people whom live for eons on end it's a 
relatively short time to hold hope.  I was in my room at the academy one-day 
watching some show, when a news update interrupted.  "Today two members of the 
royal family were killed as they tried to apparently leave restricted space in a 
stolen delivery vehicle."  I paid more attention when they showed the pictures 
of the deceased."  Washu's voice seemed to come from far away at this point, 
even though she was roughly eight feet away from Tenchi at this point.  Her face 
was unreadable and that was a bad thing from Tenchi's standpoint.  "It took me a 
while to place the faces.  I had time to stare seeing as they were royalty, 
their faces would definitely be on screen for a while. A beard covered his face 
now, but I'd know those eyes if I were blind!  My husband and another face I 
didn't recognize immediately, I continued to stare at the TV in grief and in 
shock.  I managed to tear my eyes away from the screen so I could try to gain 
some composure on the pain I felt.  And wouldn't you know it, my eyes landed on 
one of our last family portraits.  Staring into my son's green eyes something 
clicked and I prayed it wasn't clicking for the reason I thought it was."  

     "I looked back at the television, then back at the picture, back at the TV, 
back and forth back and forth.  It was clicking for the reason I didn't want it 
to, once again showing me I had no control over anything.  Not only did my 
husband die, but what little comfort I could have taken in knowing my son was at 
least safe was brutally ripped from me as well.  Still I didn't cry.  I promised 
more like vowed to never cry in the face of being hurt again.  I just stood 
there looking now beyond the TV; I couldn't hear anything I couldn't see 
anything, and most importantly I couldn't feel the incredible pain I felt over 
that loss.  I made another vow in face of tragedy that day, I would never allow 
myself to lose control of any situation ever again."  Washu still looked into 
the dark, emptiness that sub-space created in her lab.  It reflected the 
feelings she held onto for so long perfectly, but there was one light.  It stood 
at the foot of the table and she wasn't going to let it be put out by anyone, 
especially herself.  Tenchi could only stare in amazement, she'd told him her 
family was taken from her, but never did she say they were killed.  "Washu I 
didn't..." "There's more." She said cutting him off midway through an unjust 
apology.  "For the next nine or ten thousand years I avoided any real 
companionship other than faculty and students at the academy.  I just refused to 
let myself ever be that weak again, or to ever let anyone hurt me like that 
again.  Then I met Kagato.  He was a quiet guy at first, always stayed to 
himself, but he had this look.  He'd look at me and I would feel.  Not horny or 
anything I would just feel things, emotions and things I didn't want to feel 
ever again.  He'd stare at me for whole class period's silent.  Years passed and 
we had never spoken to each other really, he was out of my class by then.  I 
decided one day to utilize my adult form and see if I had aged the way I 
expected to, surprisingly I hadn't.  I looked the same as I do now, don't ask 
why I had a mirror in my class but I did.  I checked myself out for a while, as 
I was going to turn around I caught a glimpse of a man in the mirror.  He'd 
grown taller and he was a lot more talkative now, matter of fact he looked 
exactly as he did when you destroyed him first on his ship.  "I see "Little" 
Washu isn't as little as she appears." He said with a laugh.  While I didn't 
necessarily feel anything at that point in my life, I'd still act as though I 
did.  We talked for a little while, nothing really important, then much like 
with you, he began to make me open up and talk "talk", nothing as painful as 
this, but talk never the less."

     "He then began to tell me about his studies of Jurian power.  I should also 
mention at this point, I was considered the greatest scientific genius in the 
universe."  She took notice that that title didn't seem to comfort her as it 
usually did.  On another deep breath she pressed forward with the story.  "I 
absent mindedly mentioned I may know the secret to the wings.  Of course I 
didn't, he had more research done on it than I ever had or have at present.  My 
title of universe's smartest made it seem in his mind that I had to know.  
That's what I think sparked his next actions.  He went silent for a period of 
time.  I of course didn't really care; I was just talking to be talking.  
Without a single grunt or noise he kissed me.  Immediately I began to protest 
but a part of me, a bigger part of me soon let the kiss continue.  He began to 
undress me still locked in that kiss, I opened my eyes at the feel of air 
against my chest and once open they were locked with his, also open eyes.  It 
was kind of odd at first, but the wandering of his gloved hand made it seem 
normal.  I began to unbutton his cape, which he complied with, but as I moved 
for his shirt he got testy, but he continued to stimulate me in ways I hadn't 
felt in a long time.  I was slightly tense of being out control with this 
strange man, but still I couldn't fight the lust that urged me to let him keep 
going.  As he kissed his way to my exposed breast, I felt it.  The bastard bit 
me with one of those fangs.  Shortly after things began to spin, I heard him 
laugh and I was out cold."  

     "From there I was on his ship, in child form again.  He constantly asked me 
what I knew about Jurian power, I honestly told him I knew nothing, but my title 
betrayed me and he wouldn't believe me.  Me being pissed about the losing of 
control and getting captured made my attitude less than pleasant and after a 
while he just entombed me.  My body lay sleep, but my mind, it was awake.  In my 
mind I was building on the foundation of never being vulnerable again.  It'd 
worked, once you all let me go and I saw my own daughter, albeit created 
daughter I didn't care.  He had obviously raided my lab if he had Ryoko.  At the 
time when I was captured she was still nothing more than a few cells.  I wanted 
another child, just without the burdens of being with someone.  I wanted this 
child to be strong and never need anyone just like me.  No one would ever hurt 
her or make her feel pain the way they had done to me.  That's why I gave her 
all those powers, the only problem was it took a few years for her to incubate 
vs. the nine months needed for a normal child. It's pretty obvious Kagato 
exploited her and I knew it immediately when I "woke" up so to speak.  The one 
thing I wanted for this child, the ONE thing I wanted for her was freedom and 
strength and that bastard took it from her.  No control, not even in making my 
own child, pathetic.  By then my emotions were so bottled up I didn't even care 
about how he'd hurt her, just the fact that more of my precious control was 
lost.  There was one thing I cared about however, and it was the wings.  I 
wanted to figure them out just to hold over his soul in triumph.  From there 
you, and, this, and love and feeling things again and, and, almost shutting you 
out..." Washu's eyes were still peering out into the darkness of her lab as a 
single tear slid down her face.  She breathed in very quick, almost like someone 
trying to catch their breath.  Her body shook as she began to cry aloud.  
Balling her knees into her chest Washu cried.  She didn't consider what she had 
done upstairs really crying; it was more like watery eyes that leaked, this was 
a true termination of her last vow in her eyes.  No places left to hide no more 
space to swallow it down; she had to finally deal with her pain.  Tenchi stood 
in silent awe still as the woman he'd only seen be teary-eyed at best, cry.  "Go 
at least hug her idiot."  He almost answered his mind out loud but instead opted 
to move toward her.  Taking his place on the table's edge he put an arm around 
the still crying Washu.  Her nude form collapsed into his exposed side as he put 
both arms around her as best he could despite her knees.  

     Minutes passed as she continued crying away millenniums worth of stuffed 
down, passed on, and ultimately unforgotten pain.  Add to the list of her pain, 
almost giving him up behind living in the past and she really began to cry.  
Tenchi just sat silent holding her, despite their nudity.  He couldn't think of 
a way to verbalize an understanding of what she had been through.  The thought 
of holding all that in this long made him feel sick.  So doing the only thing he 
could think to do he held her a little tighter and slowly began to rock.  Washu 
slowly relaxed her muscles to the familiar; caring, "I'm not going to hurt you" 
embrace of Tenchi.  It reminded her of that day when she was going to leave.  
The momentary calm was again replaced with guilt and a need to apologize.  
Sniffling she looked up at him as he seemed to be in thought staring into the 
darkness as she just did moments earlier.  "Tenchi" He looked down into her red 
eyes, the green of her pupils made her eyes seem almost like Tokimi's multi-
colored ones.  Washu continued as she now had his attention.  "About before I 
didn't mean, I did mean it.  Just at the time though, but not really, and I 
well, uh.  What I'm try..." Washu fumbled reminiscent of his familiar styling.  
"It's ok.  I understand now.  So don't feel like you have to or owe me an 
apology.  Not about that, ever.  Ok?"  He wasn't upset, he didn't seem angry 
with the fact she seemed to mimic Kagato in their earlier exchange, and now he 
made fifteen thousand years worth of pain stop with one sentence and a hug.  Her 
tears came to an end as he stared at her in wait of a response.  "Ok." Washu 
said through a few sniffles.  He smiled at her, this time with undistorted eyes 
she saw the smile for what it was, a smile.  Not an evil leer, just a smile, a 
smile that seemed to make her pain fade.  Yes it made her feel.  No more bottled 
up emotions, it was all back she could feel it all and not like she usually had 
to force herself to feel, this was just there on its own.  Washu snuggled closer 
to him, returning her head to his rib cage.  They again sat in silence; Washu 
with a large smile just stared into the darkness, happy, content, and in love.  
It felt good before, but now having him know everything in her past it felt 
liberating.  And the love she felt for him was now unhampered by guilt and it 
was free to breath and grow, how it could grow beyond what she was feeling at 
the moment she didn't know, but she knew she wouldn't try to stop it if it did.  

     By now her tears were long since dry and her staring into blackness was 
starting to grow boring.  Tenchi was thinking the same thing but if she were 
still grieving about her past pain he'd sit here until she was ready to move.  
"Tenchi?" Washu said still staring into the darkness.  "Yes?" Tenchi said still 
looking into the darkness as well.  "Where did you learn how to do that with the 
ice?"  He felt her hair sweeping over his arm, which indicated she was turning 
her head and he knew more than likely she would be turning to face him.  He 
turned and tilted his face down ward to meet her eyes, and a face with a smile 
that looked a little seductive, yet innocent.  "I guess you didn't like it." He 
was going to make a joke about her bragging of writing a Kama Sutra like book, 
but decided against it knowing the truth of her not having sex of any kind to 
his knowledge anyway.  "I didn't say I didn't like it.  I asked where did you 
learn how to do that."  Her tone of voice was still light, but he could tell she 
was serious.  "All of dad's books aren't just hentai.  After all of you got here 
he started in with the books; "You should make sure you're able to keep all of 
them satisfied, emotionally and physically."  I protested that I wasn't thinking 
anything about that, of course he wouldn't let the subject drop until I accepted 
the books.  I just took the books and let them sit in the corner, I figured as 
long as he thought I was reading them he'd go away.  Wrong, he started asking me 
questions on the stuff I read.  I was forced into yet another schooling I didn't 
want.  However, the prospect did get more intriguing.  The ideas of doing the 
things in the books with you or any of you made me start studying them 
relentlessly.  Any way, the books ran over every single aspect of sex, except 
the feet thing you did earlier."  She blushed as he said that, this time with no 
bordering feelings of animosity to him having control enough over her to cause 
her to smile.  "The ice thing was really interesting to me, I couldn't really 
grasp how that could be fun or even enjoyable.  The way I had you strapped to 
the table looked like the picture and that was my first thought."  "So whom did 
you perfect that on?  It's highly illogical that you could be that good on your 
first attempt at that."  She really wanted to know, but then again she didn't.  
"It's highly illogical that I even exist.  But to calm you're curiosity, you 
were the first.  I'm just full of impossibilities aren't I?" He said with thick 
sarcasm.  

     "What else can you do with the ice?" He was kind of startled by the 
seductiveness in her tone, especially considering what had transpired earlier.  
So he of course went into serious mode.  "Are you sure you want to do that, I 
mean, I would but, uh. Um, Well, err..." He wanted to, but still he had a 
nagging feeling she was doing this for his sake.  She took a hand from her 
cradled knees and put her index finger against his lips to stop his rambling.  
The finger took a course it plotted earlier that day... or was it night, he 
wasn't really sure any more.  The course however deviated from his chest 
directly to his still flaccid member.  Her finger coaxed it to life without much 
trouble.  "It's alive, ALIVE!" She cackled in a perfect English accent, mocking 
some old movie Tenchi had saw a while ago.  Tenchi groaned at both the sensation 
and the bad joke.  "Do you really want to do this Washu?"  Tenchi said managing 
to sound serious through his obvious enjoyment.  "It doesn't look like someone's 
giving me a choice."  Washu said in a low, but every bit as sexy voice.  But the 
idea of not giving her a choice snapped Tenchi back into a less lust driven 
reality.  "Hey don't do this because you feel you don't have a choice.  You have 
one if you don't want to don't, I won't care."  While she admired his looking 
out for her, right now it was annoying she needed sex and he's still being 
protective of her.  "Damn it I want this now!" To emphasize her point she 
gripped his erection and pulled slightly.  A nod and grunt was his reply as he 
lowered in for a kiss.  

     The only thing Kagato had given them was a weird fascination for making 
love with their eyes focused on the other.  Washu's hand continued it's pumping 
rhythm, each pump being rewarded with its own grunt, moan, or noise she couldn't 
quite place from Tenchi.  Soon it became clear it was a purr.  The purring made 
no sense and it was going to remain senseless as Tenchi began to undo her 
sitting fetal position.  He wasn't as coordinated as she was, but never the less 
he seemed to be a quick study as he lowered her back down on to the table again, 
all while fully locked in a mind blowing kiss/hand job combination.  "Tenchi 
*kissing* get *kissing* ICE!" He moaned and took his eyes from her own and 
looked to the stool that held the bowl of ice from the last encounter.  "Damn, 
it's all melted."  He said not really caring about ice, but instead more focused 
on her hand and mouth.  "Get some from the freezer in back." Washu gasped out.  
"Freezer, yeah sure." Tenchi said not really thinking; the sexual need clouding 
his rational thoughts.  "I'm serious, go get some ice out of the freezer."  
Washu's stern voice brought him back into his senses.  "Fine, but you will pay." 
He said giving a crooked grin.  He bounded off top of her and ran into the 
darkness in the direction of her refrigerator.  Moments later he returned bowl 
of ice in hand.  Washu's face lit up at the facts and possibilities of what he 
could do with that ice.  "Now show me, what you would have done if I had given 
in on the table."  Tenchi just smiled, picking up a piece of ice he began to 
walk towards her legs.  "Lay back, this is going to be fun."  All inhibitions 
thrown to the wind Washu laid back already shaking with anticipation.  

     Tenchi took a cube of ice and placed it against her closed lips.  He 
watched in fascination as she slowly licked it.  As the ice began to melt he 
slowly traced it down her chin, upon reaching her throat he ran it around in 
small circles.  Washu smiled and moaned freely.  Tenchi slowly kissed her throat 
behind every application of the ice; the varying temperatures were again having 
their moistening effects on her.  Her moans amplified as he drug the ice 
directly down the center of her breastbone, slowly following the trail with his 
tongue.  "I see it is real." Tenchi said in reference to her hair color, Washu's 
eyes fluttered open at the realization of where he was.  She sat up in time to 
feel him press a fresh piece of ice into her nether lips.  "AAAAH! OH GOD!" She 
said as her head fell back arching her back.  He just smiled as he slowly began 
to rub the ice in circles; the sensation left Washu in utter silence.  Her body 
language spoke volumes though, she was full on panting and if it couldn't get 
any better Tenchi took the ice into his mouth and attacked her clitoris full on.  
Using the same technique he'd used on her nipple, Tenchi rolled his tongue and 
the ice around her clit.  Needless to say Washu's silence was broken.  "TENCHI! 
FUUUUCK! DON'T STOP! DON'T STOP!"  Washu said as her second orgasm hit her like 
a building.  "SHIIIIIT TEEEEEEEEEEEEEENCHI!  AH FU UH UH UHCCCCK!"  Signaled her 
orgasm.  Tenchi's tongue continued on as if nothing had ever happened.  Washu 
was on the verge of another orgasm before that one even subsided.  Taking the 
remaining piece of ice in his mouth Tenchi released her clit and moved lower, he 
took his tongue and pushed the remaining piece of ice into her as deep as his 
tongue could manage.  Reaching up he grabbed another cube of ice and placed it 
inside her as well.  "YOUMOTHERAAAAAAAAH! OH FUCK YES! YES!"  Washu screamed so 
loud that he figured they'd hear it in the house as another cosmic orgasm rocked 
her bones.  Tenchi taking another piece of ice returned to her clit.  He'd let 
the ice sit directly on the sensitive nerve bundle before replacing it with his 
mouth.  The constant cold inside her and the alternating pattern on her most 
sensitive spot sent Washu into an orgasm so strong she thought she'd die.  And 
if she did or could, that was a great way to go.  As usual Tenchi continued to 
stimulate her through her orgasm, finally the ice had been melted with in her 
and the ice he held to her clit melted as well Tenchi stood and asked the 
flushed Washu the eternal question.  "Did that hurt?"  Washu lay soaked in sweat 
and looking as if she'd been hit with a planet looked at the man between her 
legs and smiled as much as she could muster and of course said "No."  

     Tenchi decided to let her gather herself before he attempted anything 
further.  Slowly Washu's breathing slowed and the glassy eyed look she harbored 
faded.  "My GOD what the hell did you do program the book into your brain?" He 
laughed knowing if anyone else said this it would be an obvious joke, but from 
her it was serious truth.  "Nope, like I said I was very intrigued."  
"Intrigued?  More like obsessed."  Washu said slowly sitting up.  "Intrigue and 
obsession, such a fine line separates the two."  He said slowly pushing her back 
down.  "What are you doing?"  She wasn't scared but wanted to know.  "You asked 
what all I could do with the ice, let me finish."  The idea there was more after 
that was amazing, even in face of her knowledge she couldn't picture it getting 
any better.  Tenchi slid her closer to his position between her legs.  "Two 
cubes and I'll make you love me."  Tenchi said holding the cubes between his 
index, middle, and thumb fingers.  "I already love you." Washu said looking at 
him.  "Well, I'll make you love me in an entirely new way."  The first cube went 
into her warm recesses again eliciting that moan he'd never grow tired of 
hearing.  Cube two found its way into the now shocked Washu's anus.  "Wha-What 
ar-are you doing?"  "Wait, just wait."  Tenchi watched as she tried to adjust to 
the ice cube in her ass, seeing as the one in front was at least familiar.  
After about forty seconds Tenchi impaled a still confused Washu.  The ice cubes 
served to cool her down from the inside out, and needless to say she wasn't 
complaining about her new space heater.  

     It was Tenchi's time to face the ice, a good sized piece was still inside 
her.  His pumping only served to force it deeper; every in stroke met with an 
icy cold touch to the tip of his dick.  Washu again was getting off on the 
feeling of cold and hot.  His penis expanded her walls away from the ice warming 
her, but every time he pulled out her walls contracted meeting the ice and 
sending a chill up her spine.  "GAAAAAAAWD!  FUCK ME TENCHI! FUUUUUCK MEEEEE!"  
Washu whined as Tenchi stepped up his pace.  The wet slapping once again filled 
the lab as the water from the melted ice added to the lubrication of Washu's 
already soaked sex.  "Washu uh! Shit! Turn over!"  It was Washu's turn to obey 
without hesitation.  Tenchi took the brief disconnection to grab more ice.  
Placing the cubes in their special holes he had a thought.  "Washu, you did say 
you wanted to know what all I could do with the ice right?"  "Huh?  Yeah just do 
some thing and do it now!" She said looking over her shoulder at him.  With ice 
in place Tenchi decided to go for broke, he invaded the tight space of her anus.  
"AAAAH!" Washu screamed at the new and rather large intrusion.  Tenchi froze; he 
thought that maybe he'd hurt her so he just stopped.  "Why aren't you moving?  
Come on!"  Washu asked in an annoyed tone.  He didn't need any further 
incentive.  Pushing slowly he began pump slowly, Washu marveled at the painful 
pleasure of an ice cube and Tenchi both buried in her ass.  Once again the ice 
cube was in her deep, the switching cold and thrusting heat was getting her off 
again.  Tenchi was also straining at this point but he kept pounding.  "COME ON 
TENCHI!  FUCK ME! I'M SO CLOSE COME ON!  Ah! Ah! Ah! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!" Washu 
said as she was hit by another planet-sized orgasm.  Tenchi took notice as she 
slammed her hand into one of the restraints breaking it completely off.  However 
the sudden tight clamping down of her already tight ass ended his short lived 
thought and brought Tenchi to the release he'd waited all day for.  "WASHU! 
AAAAAH! SHIIIIIT!"  Tenchi managed to scream out before spilling into her like a 
geyser.  A still in orgasm Washu managed to turn her head just enough to see his 
face.  She just had to see it, the man she loved emptying himself in her ass, 
however the image she saw disturbed her more than a little.  When Tenchi's 
clenched eyes opened they were yellow and cat-like.  Washu tried to worry but 
the feeling of his hot sperm hitting the inside of her ass, then trailing down 
the still good sized piece of ice, cooling, brought her another orgasm.  Not 
quite planet slamming, but it was good enough.          

     After what seemed like eternity the orgasms ended and his geyser of sperm 
stopped.  They lay there; him still inside of her breathing heavily leaned 
against her back, her underneath him panting just as much.  "Mmmm.  That was 
incredible." Tenchi said into her hair, Washu just smiled, but a bigger question 
had to be asked.  She pushed up and he took the hint, gaining a measure of 
balance he pulled his shrinking member from her and stood.  Washu pushed up with 
more effort than she was used to using for something this simple, but the 
pleasure experienced in light of this drawback was far worth it.  "Incredible 
doesn't describe it, but I have to ask you something.  When you um, "arrived" 
back there.  I saw your eyes, except they weren't yours."  Washu paused before 
continuing.  "Whose were they then, they weren't your husband's were they?"  If 
she said yes he'd never open his eyes again during their love making if it made 
her upset.  "No, they were Ryoko's.  I guess this is the other bit of her you 
all got.  I may be able to make something to fix that."  Sighing Tenchi 
answered; relieved he hadn't unintentionally hurt her again.  "That's it?  Whew.  
That's not really that big of a deal, considering what you did when you 
"arrived" back there."  Tenchi said smiling.  "Which time?"  Washu said stroking 
his ego as well as being truthful.  "The last one, or which ever one it was 
before I went.  You broke the restraining arm on the table."  Washu failed to 
see his point.  "So?"  "So, why didn't you just break it when I had you tied 
down?"  "I don't know." Was her simple reply, Tenchi let it drop, not really 
caring about the why not or how come, he was just happy she was happy.  "So what 
do you want to do now?"  Tenchi asked in face of nakedness and a slight sticky 
feeling.  "Bath?"  Washu asked, "Bath." He answered.  Tenchi extended a hand to 
Washu to help her off the table, which she excepted.  Moving towards the door 
back to the main house the naked couple forgot something; they were a naked 
couple.  "Tenchi?" "Yes?" "Get us some robes." Washu said realizing they were 
naked before he opened the door.  Tenchi slapped his forehead before complying 
with her request.

So ends chapter three, as usual it's a little long, but I guess you're used to 
that by now.  I'll be starting chapter four in a little while and of course that 
means more weird sex.  Comments of course can be sent to 
redknight2k@hotmail.com.              
