Disclaimer:  You know the deal.  If you're under 18 or find long-winded stories 
about sex offensive, LEAVE.  If you fall into the above and still choose to read 
this, I take no responsibility in whatever psychological or emotional damage is 
done.  I don't own Tenchi or any of his supporting cast, I just own the 
perverted ideas to do this to them.  So without any further interruption, I 
present Tenchi Muyo: The Clone Chronicles.  

     Tenchi stood on the stage with a large grin on his face.  Unfortunately the 
rest of the women didn't seem to get the humor in the situation.  "Ok, just so 
I'm sure I'm not losing my mind, were there just six of Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked 
still staring at Tenchi.  Her question was answered with a resounding "Yes."  
Tenchi just looked at them and tried to stifle a laugh that just ached to be 
released.  "Tenchi, I'm not seeing the humor of this situation, why are you 
smiling so?" Ayeka asked looking him sternly.  He attempted to answer.  There 
was only one problem with his answer, it was laughter.  "Hahahahahaha!"  Tenchi 
almost doubled over in laughter.  "It's bad enough you strung us all along like 
this.  Now to just laugh at us in our faces, that is cruel Tenchi.  More cruelty 
than I ever thought I'd see from you."  Washu's words cut through his laughter 
with surgeon like precision.  His laughter stopped like a train hitting a cement 
wall.  "Make no qualms about it.  I'm not laughing at you, I was laughing at the 
fact none of you realized my decision." The air of seriousness had returned to 
the room.  "It's quite obvious who you chose Tenchi.  Even my former self could 
have seen that." A rather sad Mihoshi answered.  "Then the former you would have 
been wrong.  Just as I, god I hate the way this sounds.  Just as I "chose" 
Sasami, I chose you.  I chose you all."  The collective conscious answered with 
the expected, "WHAT?"  "Tenchi, I, we all love you.  But I don't think the six 
of us could share you... six... ways."  Ryoko fell silent.  Her mouth hung 
slightly slacked.  Tenchi just stood there, he knew she was starting to get it.  
"Ryoko, why did you stop you were right we couldn't share him six ways."  Ryoko 
and surprisingly the rest of the women face faulted at the princess's obvious 
stupidity.  

     Ryoko got back to her feet with all the grace of a cat.  Suppressing her 
first instinct to kick the princess, instead she opted to take a few deep 
breaths before answering.  "Ayeka, if we couldn't share him six ways and there 
were just six of Tenchi..." She just let the statement hang there and hoped the 
princess wasn't as dense as her last statement made it seem.  "I... see."  Was 
all the now stunned princess could say.  Tenchi figured he'd end the silence 
with an explanation.  

     "As I said I "chose" or rather I knew I loved you all for a while now.  
Sure at first I kind of wanted you gone when things started blowing up." He shot 
a quick glance and smile at Ryoko and Ayeka, who now smiled at the awkward 
feeling of being singled out.  "The only problem was that it was equal.  I 
didn't favor any of you to the other and every time I tried to find some 
favorite thing about one of you, it would immediately become present in the rest 
of you.  All beautiful, all intelligent, all loving, all caring, a... hell 
you're all perfect.  I figured I had a shot with you all, but the aspect of 
hurting the rest of you just kept me in limbo.  It was like having six people of 
equal strength, standing at six different spots, with six ropes tied around my 
heart.  Each one pulling to gain it.  Of course being equal in every way, in 
terms of my feelings for you, no one could single handedly claim me as hers.  So 
my heart was in effect being squeezed lifeless as it was trying to run six 
different ways.  I knew I had enough room to share my heart with all of you, but 
I also knew that couldn't be enough and it wasn't enough, you had to have the 
whole me."  He looked reminiscent of the way they had grown accustomed to seeing 
him for so long, sad.  He cleared his throat and hoped what he said next would 
make it so he never had to hurt one of them.  

     "That was why I kept pressing you about the cloning Washu.  I had to do 
something to make you all happy, not just one of you.  I'm once again sorry for 
making you feel used Washu."  He looked at her as she simply nodded.  He 
returned the nod and continued.  "Then the further I got into the cloning thing 
I thought sooner or later it might come up, where one of you wants to know who 
had the "real" me.  This posed an even bigger challenge to over come.  Another 
problem with cloning was, the clone more than likely develop it's own 
personality.  It wouldn't have any of my memories or experiences, and something 
tells me just a body without my emotional attachments to each of you wouldn't be 
very rewarding.  So here in lies the dilemma, how do I get my personality and 
feelings about you all into six identical bodies?  I came out of my lab to think 
a little more clearly, that's when genius or rather Ryoko struck."  "I struck?  
What do you mean I struck?  I didn't tell you how to do this, I'm pretty sure I 
would have remembered something like that." Ryoko said interrupting his little 
tale.

     "Not you, I mean that doppelganger thing you do." "Oh, I think." She said 
still confused.  "I'll explain.  I came out of my lab and you and Ayeka were 
going at it.  She appeared to have you beat when, BANG!  You grab her from 
behind and push her to the floor.  I had gotten used to the fighting, seeing as 
you two never really tried to hurt each other... I think.  After you pulled your 
other self up I noticed you talking.  The same personality seemed to carry over 
into both of you, you looked the same, talked the same, and there were no 
discernable differences.  I waited for you to leave before I searched the ground 
where you two or rather, three were fighting.  I found a few pieces of your hair 
and my plan was off running."  "You know Tenchi.  You didn't have to go scouring 
the floor for some of my hair.  I would have gladly given you some hair, some 
blood, or whatever bodily fluid you would have needed." Ryoko said slightly 
licking her fangs, Tenchi smiled which she seemed to really enjoy but it quickly 
faded.  "Why are you looking like I did something wrong huh Tenchi?"  Her voice 
sounding rather hurt, he just pointed at the women around her who all looked 
slightly annoyed and the point was gotten.  "I knew a little about your genetic 
make up from my sessions with Washu.  Lucky for me your little splitting in two 
thing was on your father's side, because Washu's chemical make up was too 
advanced for her to even figure out..." "WHAT he meant to say was I haven't 
figured it all out YET." Washu said looking at Tenchi rather crossly.  He smiled 
back at her warmly and her slightly angered face relented into a slight smile, 
despite herself.  

     "Any ways Washu showed me how to do most of the splicing and cloning with 
those, for lack of a better term globs.  For the next few years I tried my best 
to combine that ability into my own being." Again Washu chimed in, this time in 
seeming panic.  "YOU DID WHAT?  DO YOU KNOW WHAT KIND OF RISK YOU PUT YOURSELF 
IN?"  "Understand Washu, I felt the risk was definitely worth the potential 
gain.  And if it meant seeing you all happy I'd have done worse, far worse." His 
tone only hinted at the extreme seriousness that he felt when it came to them.  
"As I was saying, I didn't have the benefit of a part human part Jurian guinea 
pig, so I became my own.  It wasn't a very painful testing process, but it hurt.  
Still day in and day out, in my free time I tried and tried.  I didn't think I 
would ever be able to accomplish it.  Then about six months ago, I was again 
examining the situation at hand.  I made a trip to Washu's lab to get her for 
breakfast, some thing I hadn't done in a while."  

     "On my entrance I saw her standing, coincidentally in front of seven giant 
cylinder like tanks.  Despite her feelings of being used by me, she explained 
her invention.  They were used to combine raw energy and living tissue.  After 
finishing her explanation she left me standing there in her lab... the next 
thing is kind of embarrassing to admit.  I stole the plans to the machine.  
Lucky me it was one of the few things she wrote down.  I made a quick run to my 
lab to make copies and hopefully return the originals before she got back and 
saw them missing.  I made it back to her lab in time, barely.  I went back to my 
room and my lab, which for those still wondering is in my closet.  I studied her 
plans, but of course they went beyond my comprehension.  However the robots she 
gave me, were able to process and make me my own tanks.  I still didn't know how 
to work the machine of course; again Washu was a step ahead of me with her 
robots.  They were apparently designed to understand advanced science, yet 
convert it to means I could understand.  I still didn't know the repercussions 
of my next action but I didn't care.  I probably should have let Washu show me 
more about the machine, but my plan was just to needed to wait any longer.  I 
stepped into the center cylinder, after telling the robot to basically hit the 
big shiny button when I said now.  My plan was, since the light hawk wings were 
raw energy, they would transfer and of course since they're apparently a 
byproduct Jurian love and only Jurian's may use them, my tissue should be 
transferred right along with it.  I took some more randomly collected strands of 
Ryoko's hair into the tube with me.  I figured and hoped that during the 
transfer her replicating ability, seeing as it was a dominant trait may merge 
with me so as I would be duplicated six times.  Instead of just having six 
faceless blobs of light hawk wing possessing, energy spewing goo, kind of like 
the thing Ryo-ohki assimilated with."

  "But Tenchi with all the possibilities you left open, you could have very well 
ended up a mix of Ryoko, a blob yourself, or just... dead."  Washu looked at her 
feet as she said he could have possibly died.  The rest of the women just sighed 
inwardly.  "Please try to understand, I couldn't just let you all sit here 
waiting, especially knowing I couldn't make a choice of just one of you.  In my 
cylinder I summoned a wing looking at the image that played before me all the 
fear of what may or may not happen to me disappeared.  I looked at the robot and 
said now.  The button was hit; then I felt it.  It felt as though something was 
pulling me apart at my very soul.  I just continued staring at the wing then 
suddenly the pain and the wing were gone.  The only side effect so far appeared 
to be fatigue and a slight loss of love towards one of you.  Not extreme, but 
just enough to be noticed.  I repeated the process four more times.  After the 
fourth time I passed out, and TA DA!  I forgot to set the robots in place to 
help us.  Us, meaning the other Tenchi or whatever they may turn out to be.  
When I awoke I was still in the cylinder, or rather I was in the cylinders.  Six 
of us lay there naked and barely moving.  Slowly our strength returned, after 
about another hour we finally managed to get up and out of the tubes.  Each of 
us possessing the same mind, we began to inspect each other for possible 
mutations, we found none."

     "Do you know the possibilities of you doing that with a one hundred percent 
success rate is?" said the now flabbergasted Washu.  "Nope.  And I honestly 
don't care.  I did it, yay." Tenchi said with a thick air of sarcasm.  "Once we 
were sure there were no visible mutations we got dressed.  Hey don't look at me 
like that." Tenchi said as the women gave him some rather suspicious looks.  
"You said this happened six months ago right Tenchi?" Kiyone asked.  "Then why 
did you wait until now to tell us about it?" Mihoshi chimed in with perfect 
timing.  "That's where the problem came in.  After about two hours of being 
separated we began to get very tired, too tired in fact.  Of course something 
else I overlooked was asking Ryoko how she rejoined.  We all knew, although I 
don't how, but we knew we needed to remerge.  So after about fifteen painful 
minutes we got it.  I decided that was enough for the night and went to bed.  On 
the next day and every day after we practiced being separated.  The first few 
times met with the same results.  But slowly, gradually we started to get 
stronger without merging into one being to keep strength.  Once we got the 
aspect of it down to where we could live without each other, literally and 
figuratively.  We figured it was time to see if we could call forth the wings.  
Each of us stood and called forth the wings.  Something was off and you could 
see it."

     "What you couldn't call them?" asked Ayeka.  "They were too strong for you 
to command and you lost them to a crazy clone that got away with them?" asked 
Ryoko, which just brought small groans from the crowd.  Laughing Tenchi 
responded.  "Hahahaha.  No, nothing like that at all.  Each Tenchi had seven 
wings, six smaller ones and the seventh as big as when I formed them minutes 
ago.  We of course presented the reverse of the wings to ourselves and it was 
obvious.  We all had designated favorites the large wing had the face of the 
woman that that particular Tenchi loved most.  The smaller wings still possessed 
all of the other women's faces, but not as clear or as large as the main woman 
of interest.  However one of the wings is still blank.  Of course this proved to 
be a draining process on us, so we all had to retreat back into one being.  The 
light hawk trials played out for next couple of months without interruption 
until we were finally able to not only be apart without each other, but also 
have the light hawk wings available if necessary.  Now here in the present, I 
just want to ask and hope, that you will except my apologies for not figuring 
this out sooner and keeping you all waiting for so long."  He still felt 
compelled to apologize to them all.  "You don't have to keep apologizing you 
know?" Sasami said from her spot still near the kitchen door.  The rest of the 
women nodded in agreement.

     "Ok.  Come and get your Tenchi." Tenchi said like a carnival barker.  He 
concentrated and the glow appeared again.  For the second time that day there 
stood six of Tenchi.  Then all six Tenchi Masaki's made their trip down the 
stairs of the stage and stopped lined up side by side in front of the women.  
Ryoko had been waiting too long for this and immediately phased in front of a 
Tenchi she thought was hers.  "Hmmm.  I bet you're mine."  "Nope." He said.  
"But you smell just like Tenchi." She said with a confused look on her face.  "I 
am Tenchi, just not your Tenchi, part of him.  Just not him."  The Tenchi on the 
far right waved to her and she phased to him and took a sniff.  "You smell like 
Tenchi too." "Yeah, yeah.  We'll all smell like Tenchi Ryoko.  Because we are 
Tenchi and I'm yours." He said with a smile.  She stood there for a moment, 
soaking it in, a smile.  Her smile, she didn't have to share it, it was hers at 
last it was hers.  She grabbed him and hugged like it was for dear life.  Then 
she tensed up and waited, this usually was the time she was pushed away and left 
to go lick her emotional wounds.  "Don't worry, I'm not going to push you away 
any more." Tenchi whispered in her ear as he returned the hug with as much 
strength as he could come up with.  Twenty something years she waited for this 
day and it was here, she would have cried if her overwhelming happiness had 
given room to.  Instead she just smiled looking into his eyes, not the dark 
looming eyes he wore for so long.  Not the fear ridden rabbit about to be killed 
look he had when she first "moved in".  Instead the eyes she looked in shined 
with love, love for her, and only her.  "Would you like to go some where and 
talk Ryoko?  You pick the place." He said looking down at her.  She floated a 
little ways off the ground to be eye level with him before answering.  "Sure."  
And she knew the place to, a place she wanted to be for a while but never got 
invited, his room.  "Let's go to your room." She said it more simplistic and 
less seductive than she wanted to.  "Let's go."  He said as Ryoko floated behind 
him with her head rested firmly on his shoulder and both arms around his neck.  

     The rest of the women watched Ryoko and Tenchi exit rather angrily; they 
were still focused on the stairway when a cough cut in.  "As we said earlier, 
we're here for you." The center Tenchi said.  "But seeing as how we seem to slip 
your minds so..." they all began to walk at their respective love interest.  The 
women just sort of looked, they weren't as sure as Ryoko, but they weren't 
exactly ready to dismiss this either.  Kiyone was "caught" by her Tenchi, or 
rather he was close enough to her so that she couldn't convince herself he was 
fake.  His close proximity was having its affects rather immediately.  "Kiyone 
about the day you told me you loved me, or rather told your chief you loved me.  
I didn't mean to look as down about it as I appeared.  And I'd like to make it 
up to you in some way."  He had a look of hope on his face as he waited for her 
response.  Unfortunately her mind wasn't really clear as she was still highly 
attracted to his physical appearance.  She knew she just watched him walk up 
stairs with Ryoko, but here he stood asking her for forgiveness.  "Of course I 
forgive you, but please no more apologizing ok?" "Ok." He answered simply, 
before hugging her.  She tensed up at first at the suddenness, but quickly 
loosened up as the familiar calm he brought her to that day so long ago took 
her.  Multiple Tenchi or not, this was definitely real.  "Those arms, that 
chest, and that dick pressing against my thigh..." Her thought process 
interrupted by the feeling of something rather large and warm touching her 
thigh.  It was kind of weird at first but she remembered his height.  He wasn't 
erect or anything.  But the fact she was in a sundress and the material was 
rather flimsy, coupled with him in a gi much like his grandfather.  Which was 
obviously meant to be light, airy, and at the same time warm, she wasn't having 
any trouble feeling a living version of the toy at her apartment that she had 
grew to call friend.

     "Tenchi, would you come back to my apartment please?" She said trying to 
keep her obvious ulterior motive a secret.  "I would like to talk to you away 
from them."  He agreed and they walked towards the ladies bath, which Tenchi had 
long since been given access to.  At the back of the bath Kiyone knocked three 
times and a door appeared which Tenchi opened and they both disappeared through.  

     Meanwhile back in the living room four women and four Tenchi remained.  "So 
Sasami shall we finish our talk in the kitchen?"  He said it as if nothing had 
just transpired.  "Huh?  I mean I guess, but you are the one who picked me 
right?"  It came out a lot more ridiculous than she thought it would in her 
mind.  "No, I'm the lucky one you picked a very long time ago."  He took her 
hand in his and she seemed as pleased as punch.  They walked into the kitchen, 
much how they walked out, Sasami planted firmly against his side with a big 
smile on her face.  Mihoshi, Ayeka, and Washu exchanged glances back and forth 
between the three Tenchi.  One of the Tenchi began his approach towards Mihoshi.  
She got all of what he said.  Still it just seemed weird for three of him to be 
standing there.  "Mihoshi." Tenchi said once again close enough to touch.  While 
all the other women had some form of physical contact with Tenchi, all hers came 
while she was unconscious falling from that dimensional rip or him holding her 
hand to help her to her feet after she fell down.  She was unsure if she should 
touch him or not.  Mihoshi figured if she'd try to caress his cheek, she would 
more than likely poke out his eye or something along those lines.  He leaned 
down and whispered in her ear.  "You can touch me.  I won't break, I promise."  
She looked at him slightly hurt that he even thought she would "break" him even 
after all the hard work and steps of progress she'd made.  She noticed as she 
looked at him he wasn't looking at her with pity.  He just knew that she was 
thinking along those terms herself and that it was ok, he wouldn't break on her 
and that she couldn't break him.  She quickly smiled and jumped at him.  He 
quickly caught her; she threw her arms around his neck and just reveled in him 
holding her while she was awake to feel it.  He walked towards the women's bath 
Mihoshi still in his arms, now with both legs around his waste.  Following an 
alternate path, thanks to her specific DNA, Washu's portal sent Mihoshi to her 
own apartment rather than Kiyone's.

     Now there stood two Tenchi, one rather ticked off princess and Washu.  As 
had been the pattern he started to walk towards her.  However this time every 
step he took towards Ayeka, she took one back.  "Is something wrong Ayeka?" "You 
may have fooled them but I can see through this little, this little trick." She 
spat at him.  "What trick?  I split myself in to six people for all of you.  
It's still Tenchi.  It's me with the feelings I had for you, just without the 
ties to all of them.  My love for you isn't a trick, it's as real as we are both 
standing here having this discussion." Ayeka still looked upset, but she didn't 
look at him.  Instead she held her head arched back and aimed to her left.  He 
walked towards her again noticing she wasn't backing away now.  He was inches 
away from her and she still wouldn't even acknowledge he was there.  He decided 
to risk physical contact to hopefully make her see he wasn't just some falsity.  
Tenchi took her lower jaw in his hand gently, the sudden contact caused her to 
momentarily open her eyes but she quickly shut them.  He pulled her face around 
to face him and he began to talk.  "Ayeka, I love you.  Not Ryoko. Not Sasami.  
Not Kiyone. Not Mihoshi. Not Washu. I love you Ayeka.  If you can look me in the 
eye and tell me you don't feel anything for me, the "me" that is right in front 
of you.  I will rejoin the others and never bother you again."  

     She could feel him staring at her.  Slowly she opened her eyes her mind 
screaming at her this was a cruel joke and love was obviously for the weak and 
she was a fool for waiting for him this long.  Her eyes finally reached his and 
her heart kicked her mind so hard she almost fell down.  "I would like it very 
much if you... you..." She fell against him crying.  He slowly hugged her.  She 
sobbed a very low cry in to his chest.   She seemed to be calming down after a 
few seconds though.  Unknown to him, she was remembering this embrace.  The same 
one he caught her in when she slipped off the stepping stones when she first 
arrived.  It was the same embrace; no flimsy "clone" could hold her like this.  
"You know princess I wish I could hold you like this forever.  But I think we 
should let them talk."  Ayeka had forgot anyone else was even there, she looked 
and saw Washu and of course Tenchi, the other Tenchi.  She sniffled a few times 
and said, "Yes, I think we should let them be alone."  With that they excused 
themselves and made their way outside for a walk.  

     Washu took the initiative this time in coming towards him.  "So.  You 
figure you'd just split your being, manage to figure out the light hawk wings, 
and offer yourself as some kind of gift huh?"  She said walking around him as if 
she were looking at a car.  He was almost floored by her sarcastic yet slightly 
angered voice.  "I figure I've apologized enough today.  Even though my words 
can't express how truly sad and hurt I feel for hurting you like this.  As he 
told Ayeka, I will leave if you'd like.  Just say it and I'm gone."  "Oh and now 
you're giving me an ultimatum?  So I guess I should BE HAPPY, even ecstatic you 
risked killing yourself in some pocket dimension?  BE HAPPY you didn't ask me to 
at least help you so you didn't kill yourself or become some kind of mutant?  Or 
Maybe I should BE HAPPY you loved me enough to do this?"  A few tears ran down 
her face, but she kept her angry look.  "What?" was all Tenchi could come up 
with.  "If I had only stayed locked on his damn ship.  If I never met you, never 
loved you.  You wouldn't have risked killing yourself and..." Her crying was 
tearing at him, she thought this was all her fault.  He covered the ground 
between them in a few steps and tried to hug her but she put her hand on his 
chest to keep him at bay.  She stared at the floor, but her hand was still 
planted on his chest.  "I don't care if you know the secret to the wings, but 
why did you think I was worth this?  I just don't see why..." He moved her limp 
arm from his chest and pulled her into a warm, inviting hug.  

     "I asked myself the same thing when you build new parts on to the house, 
make new dimensions, enlarge furniture and heal me after those brutal sword 
practices.  Why do you think I'm worth all that?"  His forehead was resting 
against hers.  She finally lifted her tear stained eyes to meet his.  He just 
stared into the two emerald green seas that she called eyes and waited for her 
response.  "Because I love you is why I do it."  "And now you see why I did what 
I did."  Came his reply.  "But Tenchi, fixing some minor damage and healing a 
few wounds is one thing, risking life and possible mutation is another.  Besides 
the robots do most of the construction."  Was her logical reply.  "True.  But 
making all of you happy is something greater than death or mutation in my eyes.  
I knew you'd try to talk me out of it or even erase my mind of the idea if I 
told you, so please don't be upset.  Can we just start from here and go 
forward?"  Her answer came in the form of a kiss.  It surprised him at first but 
soon he returned it with equal heat.  "I guess that qualifies as a yes." He said 
looking into her now smiling face.  "You catch on quickly my little guinea pig."  
They stood there holding each other before Washu spoke.  "Come down to my lab 
for a while, I think it's time we "test" you for some things." He could tell by 
the way she said it, she was going to try and get that sample from him again... 
and today seems like her lucky day.

     Across town in a very nice one-bedroom apartment, Tenchi Masaki sat holding 
his teal haired girlfriend.  He loved the sound of that.  They had been watching 
TV for the past hour since returning through the portal and it was almost lunch.  
Not eating breakfast they wanted food and they wanted it soon.  They ordered in 
and continued watching TV... well he watched TV.  Kiyone watched him and planted 
firmly on his lap was more interested in his neck and chest than the TV show.  
She had been lightly kissing both since they had sat down to watch.  Finally 
Tenchi took the remote and clicked the TV off.  "Hey I was watching that, what 
gives Tenchi?" She said kissing his neck again smiling ear to ear.  "Sure you 
were." He looked at her with a grin that promised he was thinking exactly what 
she was.  She put one of her legs on the other side of his lap so she was 
effectively straddling him.  Apparently she wanted to see him shirtless again, 
because she ripped it open and just stared with a wicked little grin.  "Thank 
you Mihoshi!  When you crash you crash good." She thought, thinking back to her 
partner's crash landing on this planet.  Tenchi reached down and pulled her 
dress off over her head in one clean motion.  "Love that teal don't you Kiyone?" 
He said admiring her matching underwear set.  She didn't say anything instead 
she just kissed him.  He felt her tongue pushing against his lips asking for 
entrance, which he happily complied with.  Their tongues examined their mouths 
more thoroughly than any dentist could ever hope to.  Tenchi's hand began to 
explore one area he had wanted to for a long time, her breasts.  He admired the 
soft, but firm flesh.  Even though the bra hampered his hands he continued.  He 
was starting to pull the straps off her shoulders when... *DING-DONG* the food 
had arrived.  Kiyone's head just collapsed onto his shoulder.  "I'll get it." 
She said with about as much enthusiasm as a dead cow.  She threw her dress on, 
answered the door, paid the guy and brought the food back.  They sat at her 
western like table and dug in.  Finally finishing off the food Tenchi offered to 
clean up, walking the empty cartons and boxes to the trash.  "Well now that 
that's done..." The sight of Kiyone standing there in only her underwear cut his 
sentence short.

     "Shall we finish where we left off?" She asked with more seductiveness than 
he thought was possible.  He slowly walked towards her pulling his shirt the 
rest of the way off.  "I'd like to, but I spilled some soy sauce on my shirt.  
Do you think you could get the stain out?"  "WHAT?" His blatant stupidity was 
killing her.  He laughed and before she had time to sort it all out he was 
kissing her full on.  She tensed at the sudden boldness of it all, but quickly 
relaxed.  Again his attention went to releasing her breasts, he all but ripped 
the bra from her body, she was to caught up to even realize.  She was now trying 
her best to undo the knot on the belt that held his pants on.  The fact his 
chest was rubbing back and forth across her nipples and his other hand working 
her pussy over with the skill of a master, she couldn't think let alone master 
the simple knot.  Her hands eventually gave up all together as he slid a digit 
into her.  "Mmmm.  Tenchi, oh god Tenchi."  The only words she would or possibly 
could utter every time their lips parted for air.  Slowly backing her against 
the table, she lifted herself on to it despite her euphoric daze.  Tenchi 
continued his move southward, finally releasing her mouth so he could better 
hear her moans and to get a better go at her breasts.  He slowly took one into 
his mouth and he felt her body tighten as she moaned from deep inside her 
throat.  He began to move his tongue in slow circles around her nipple, biting 
down gently as he finished each tongue treatment.  Kiyone was starting to become 
suspicious of him, as he seemed to be hitting all her erogenous zones and 
driving her to depths of pleasure with just his tongue and fore finger that made 
her "friend" seem like a bitter enemy.  Of course her thinking was crushed as 
her first orgasm began to wash, or better yet drown her.  "Teeeeeenchi!  Oh god!  
Yes, oh fuck yeah!" Appeared to be her orgasmic battle cry.  Tenchi smiled 
inwardly as he felt her juices slide down his fingers and slightly pool in the 
palm of his hand.  His rhythmic fingering continued until her screams and shouts 
became more low moans and gasps for air.

     Finally releasing her from his "finger of love" he spoke, seeing as all she 
could do was lean on his shoulder and pant.  "I guess that means I did something 
right." Tenchi said with a slight smirk.  Taking a little more effort than 
usual, Kiyone leaned back and looked at him with a little smile of her own.  
"How many times have you done that?  Because... well... WOW is really all I can 
say."  "Once and that was it."  A still smiling Tenchi mused.  Kiyone still 
wasn't buying it though.  "No way.  Come on, tell me and I won't get mad." Her 
paranoia starting to kill the mood.  "I'm telling you the truth.  You're it.  
I've never done that before, but I have studied it.  Grandpa schooled me on one 
sword and Dad schooled me on another." He said slightly laughing at the sound of 
that.  "Of course I preferred studying dad's books to grandpa's but that's 
another story."  He looked at her seriously for a moment, before her face 
appeared to accept the story.  "Well then, let's see if you're as good with 
"that" sword as you are with a finger my dear Tenchi." Kiyone said slowly 
pulling him down on top of her.  The mood apparently restored he began to undo 
the simple knot in his belt that moments earlier perplexed her.  He let his 
pants drop to the floor quickly followed by his underwear, finally freeing a 
rather painful erection.  Tenchi with all the speed of a water logged buffalo, 
began to slowly remove Kiyone's panties.  A little too slow for her, she grabbed 
the soaked garment and ripped it from herself.  "I need you in me NOW!" Were her 
urgent words.  Tenchi climbed his way on top of her and the rather large oak 
table.  She could feel the heat of his member as it hovered at her opening.  
Tenchi waited until she was starting to get slightly frustrated, not out of 
cruelty.  Because he loved the way she looked angry.  "Tenchi, what are you 
waiting FOOOOR!" As she reached for, he rammed into her like a Mack truck.  He 
noticed and rather enjoyed the hot tightness of her being.  His first few 
strokes almost did him in, it took him a while to settle into a good rhythm that 
promised pleasure for both of them and not just him.  Alternating between short 
fast strokes and slow deeply penetrating ones seemed to make her come to life.  
"Tenchi, oh shit!  Faster! Faster! Harder! Oh god harder! I'm almost there, come 
on come... ON!"  Tenchi this time felt the muscle contractions around his penis 
rather than his finger and the added tightness was almost too much, but he just 
slowed his rhythm to keep this going for as long as possible.  "Mmmm Tenchi." 
The spent Kiyone managed to mumble out.  Tenchi however just continued his 
thrusting.  He was starting to feel himself slipping after awhile, but by then 
she was almost at her peek again as well.  Determined to out last her just one 
more run.  He fought off the impending orgasm and thrust into her with 
everything he had over and over until he felt her tighten.  This time locking 
her legs around his butt she held him and it felt as though she was milking him.  
The spastic convulsions of her walls around his member sent him spilling over 
the edge.  "OH, OH KIYONE! UUUUUUUUUH!" Tenchi managed to say through gritted 
teeth.  The sudden feeling of his hot seed cascaded Kiyone into another rush of 
ecstasy.  Tenchi collapsed onto her, panting covered in sweat they lay there 
exhausted on her table.  "I... guess... whoa, that answers that question." 
Kiyone said before surrendering to sleep, Tenchi rolled off to her right and 
laughed a little before sleep claimed him as well. 

    Back at Masaki central, Ryoko seemed to be in her own personal heaven 
rolling around on Tenchi's bed.  Her and her Tenchi had basically talked the 
majority of the time they were alone.  Now she occupied herself with studying 
his room, she'd seen it before but was usually drummed out by either him or 
Ayeka but now she could stay and look at everything without fear or worry of 
being kicked out.  Tenchi just sat at his desk looking as Ryoko flew and phased 
around his room poking and looking at everything his room had to offer.  After 
she had scoured virtually every inch of the room she phased onto Tenchi's desk.  
Tenchi swiveled his chair around to face her and she was propped up on her elbow 
stretched long ways across his desk.  "You know Tenchi, there is something I've 
wanted to do for a long time with you."  Ryoko said in her usual seductive voice 
when it came to him.  "Really?  What's that?"  He pretended to be as thick as he 
always was.  She phased out.  Once she came in she was sitting on his lap, her 
legs dangling at either side of him with her arms draped over his shoulders.  
"This." She kissed him, very soft at first.  But soon the deep, primal like love 
for him that she possessed got the better of her and she soon began to kiss him 
like his lips possessed the last bit of water on a desert planet.  Slowly she 
slid her tongue into his mouth, with no resistance from him.  He traced the 
inner workings of her mouth and more importantly, her fangs.  He admired them, 
licking back and forth across their sharpness.  Meanwhile Ryoko's tongue 
mimicked her previous actions in his room.  Meaning it just went over every inch 
of his mouth, in extreme detail.  They continued this for a good while.  She was 
happy to finally have him, but this kiss was something more.  It felt good, 
almost too good to be possessed legally.  Ryoko thought as her mind began to 
cloud over, lost in a kiss that she had dreamed about for years.  Eventually he 
needed air, so with a sigh of disapproval she released the lips she had wanted 
for so long.  "Mmmm.  Teeenchi that was incredible!"  Ryoko said still loving 
her place in his lap and a new found or previously unnoticed stiffness pressing 
against her bottom, she wasn't sure which.  Tenchi simply smiled and tried to 
regain his breath.  "Now there's something else I've always wanted to do with 
you Tenchi... wait right here." Ryoko phased away and phased back in, in her red 
and black one-piece battle suit.  "Uh Ryoko?  You want to fight me?"  Tenchi 
asked in disbelief, with some of the fear he once held against her returning.  
"No silly.  I'll show you."  She took Tenchi by the hand and from his 
perspective the room swirled.  Once it straightened out they were standing in 
front of her old tomb, the cave. 

     "Why'd you want to bring me back here?  I thought you hated this place." 
Tenchi said still just as confused as ever.  "I DO hate this place, but there 
was something I wanted to DO with YOU here when you first came in to release 
me."  Ryoko said looking at him with her usual seductive gaze and voice returned 
to her.  He still looked confused as he went over her words in his mind a few 
times "I wanted to do with you here, I wanted to DO with YOU here." He kept 
repeating that part over and over because it seemed to hold the meaning.  
Finally it clicked.  "I wanted to do you here." He said aloud, still not fully 
getting it.  Then he said it louder as if he just figured out the answer to a 
question on a game show.  "YOU WANTED TO DO ME HERE!" Then his momentary triumph 
was interrupted as the reality set in.  "Ooh.  I get it."  Ryoko just looked at 
him smiling; she loved his na‹ve, almost stupid responses to sexual innuendo.  
Taking him by the hand she floated, leading him back into the place she called 
home for seven centuries.  As they got deeper into the darkness of the cave 
Ryoko formed an energy sword to light the way.  Tenchi also noticed her grip 
appeared to tighten around his hand the further they went it almost felt as 
though her hand was sweating.  Needless to say that was an oddity in itself.  

     "Ryoko, we don't have to do this here, I know how you feel about this place 
and..." She cut him off.  "No.  I'll be fine; I have to do this.  This place 
still holds a part of me and I need to do this to be rid of it once and for 
all."  She said pulling him along faster now.  Finally they reached the center 
of the cave.  A nice hole in the cave's ceiling gave a nice spotlight of pure 
sunlight.  Extinguishing the sword, Tenchi led her back down the slope to her 
former cell.  Standing in front of the bottom lit tomb, Ryoko and Tenchi said 
nothing they just stared.  Ryoko materialized the white robe/dress outfit she 
usually wore in her astral form.  The form she watched Tenchi in for so many 
years.  She then stepped into the casket like holding area; Tenchi didn't say 
anything he just stared at her in confusion.  "You said if I looked the way I do 
now back then you wouldn't have ran.  Prove it."  Once again she grabbed his arm 
and held on as if for salvation as he put it.  Pulling him toward her.  This 
time of course, he willingly stepped into the light with her.   With her free 
hand taking its place upon his cheek slowly tracing his jawbone, the one that 
was used to make sure he didn't run began to undo his shirt, seeing as it was a 
martial arts gi, it easily drifted open.  He stared into her golden eyes 
unblinking as she undressed his torso, her gaze focused more so on the skin she 
was unveiling than his eyes.  She looked like a kid unwrapping a Christmas 
present that they had wanted for years.  Once his shirt was gone she ran her 
hands over his chest and stomach as if she were making a mental map, finally her 
fingers drifted to the sash which held his pants on.  Much like Kiyone before 
her, this is where things got difficult.  Her hands began to shake and fumble 
with the simple knot like it was one of Washu's genius puzzles.  Tenchi took her 
hands in his and guided her through the untying of his sash.  Ryoko smiled 
warmly for the assistance, but her attention quickly returned to his pants as 
they slid from his waist to pool at his feet.  "Two down, one to go." Tenchi 
said with a little laugh as Ryoko again watched her hands shake as they inched 
towards the waistband of his boxers.  

     Tenchi rather than assisting her in the removal just snatched his own 
underwear down to a slightly shocked Ryoko.  "Like what you see?"  Tenchi said 
smiling at her.  Ryoko however just stared silently.  She'd seen a penis before, 
just on TV or in a book.  This one was here before her and was Tenchi's and she 
took her time staring.  At present, it wasn't the biggest one she'd seen and it 
didn't seem as big as it did in the chair, but it would more certainly do better 
than her usual finger.  "Am I going to be the only person here naked?"  Tenchi 
said finally deciding to close the small span of distance between them.  Ryoko 
finally snapping out of her trance now that the object of her affection was 
swaying and moving closer to her.  "Huh?  Oh what?  Naked, yeah sure." She said 
shaking her head and phasing out of her clothes until she was as naked as he 
was.  Now it was his turn to be awed.  The body that was offered to him so many 
times, the body he had dreamed about the most, the body he had to push away 
because if he didn't he'd for surely give in and hurt the other women.  The body 
he tried not to think about naked.  Do to the fact when he did he would... 
"Tenchi, what's wrong with "it"?"  Ryoko's panicked voice cut his memories off.  
He looked around before finally looking at "it".  "Oh.  Don't worry that's the 
usual side effect of thinking about you naked." Tenchi said with an impish 
smile, Ryoko still looked a little nervous.  "I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to hurt 
you or anything."  "Hurt me?  It doesn't hurt." He said laughing now.  "It's all 
swollen now and I can see your veins.  Are you sure it doesn't hurt?"  Ryoko 
said still staring at his erect penis.  It was now definitely bigger than her 
finger; hell it appeared to be as thick as two or three of them.  It also seemed 
to be about three, maybe four inches longer than previous.  "I'm positive." 
Tenchi said bringing his laughter to a stop.  "We'll have to talk about this 
later."  "Fine.  I don't see how you walk around with that thing though." Ryoko 
answered... still staring.  "I think you'll see and possibly like why I walk 
around with this "thing"."

     Again she focused on his face; the bottom lighting made him appear as he 
did then to her.  She again pulled him towards her, with no hesitation he came 
forward.  This time to kiss her, his warm chest pressed ever so gently against 
her rather large breasts felt great, to both of them.  She was so enthralled in 
the kiss and the tongue playfully tracing the inside of her mouth, until she was 
oblivious to the fact she was slowly phasing into the ground.  Tenchi having to 
bend forward, almost painfully so, opened his eyes to see Ryoko eyes fully 
closed sinking still holding on to him.  "Mmmm.  Ryoko *kissing* you're 
*kissing* going *kissing* through the floor."  He said in-between being released 
and pulled into her kiss.  Ryoko opened her eyes and realized Tenchi was bending 
over holding her.  Blushing slightly, she phased back up.  Slowly Tenchi and 
Ryoko made their way to the floor.  Ryoko lying completely flat down and Tenchi 
propped above her noticing the floor, which was surprisingly soft considering 
what it was used for, asked a question.  "Are you sure you want to do this 
here?" Tenchi asked again, just to make sure this wasn't some how being done to 
please him.  "I'm sure Tenchi."  She said looking up at him.  With those words 
he lowered himself on her body and resumed the kiss that was broken moments 
earlier.  His kisses began to travel from her mouth and at first Ryoko seemed a 
little disappointed.  He made up for that as he traversed his way down her neck, 
leaving small butterfly kisses along the way.  Ryoko began to ask where he was 
going but quickly realized as his mouth latched on to one of her breasts.  She 
never knew she could get such a feeling out of them, he took as much of her 
right breast into his mouth as he could.  Nibbling and licking over and over 
again.  He alternated the force of the licking and biting slightly one minute 
and greatly the next.  The mixing and matching not to mention the back and forth 
play between the two breasts had Ryoko in a level of pleasure she'd never 
experienced.  

     A light sheen of sweat glistened on her body, as the light now seemed to 
reflect off of her body.  Tenchi again started to move lower.  Her hands quickly 
flew to replace his mouth on her breasts, squeezing and pinching her nipples 
trying to rekindle the exquisite feeling he just lavished them with moment's 
prior.  Still she felt him kissing lower and lower and lower?  She didn't quite 
get what he was about to do.  Tenchi took a moment to notice, she in fact did 
grow her silver mane... then again "where the hell would she get dye locked in a 
cave silly?"  He thought to himself as he moved to claim his prize.  All while 
hoping his thorough reading of his dad's books would do him right in this 
situation.  "Tenchi, what are you going to, Aaaaaah!  What are you ooh yes! Are 
you do mmmm, do oh shit! doing to me? Oh, Ten, Ten, Teeeeeeenchiiiii!  Don't 
stop! Please don't stop!" Were the last understandable words Ryoko uttered as 
Tenchi battered her womanhood with his tongue.  The emptiness of the cave only 
served to echo his tongue's lapping and her emphatic screams, moans, and what he 
could only guess to be purr's.  Silently he counted the seconds until she came, 
not because he wanted to be done, just so he could know how long it took her to 
reach orgasm via his tongue.  His answer, as well as Ryoko, came at the five 
hundred and thirty three-second mark.  "TEEEEEEEEENCHIIIIIIIII!" Ryoko cried it 
out as if she wanted every single soul on Earth, in space, in heaven and in hell 
to hear the name of the person who gave her this pleasure.  Tenchi administered 
a few more licks as Ryoko came back to earth purring like a giant cat.  He 
snaked his way back up her sweat-drenched frame to look at her.  She was smiling 
the biggest smile he'd ever seen.  A few misplaced silver hairs stuck to her 
forehead, but she just looked at him smiling.  "Tenchi, god that was... that 
was... I don't even know what to call that!  It was the greatest thing in the 
world, no the universe thank you!"  Ryoko said quickly and almost as 
emphatically as her shouts in orgasm.  "Glad you enjoyed it." Tenchi said giving 
her a quick peck on the lips.  She noted the taste, but didn't really care to 
study it.  She just wanted more of that feeling.  "Shall we continue, MY Ryoko?"  
Tenchi said with some of her usual seductiveness.  It was odd hearing him speak 
like that, but the "MY Ryoko" part was easy to adjust to... real easy.

     "Yeah, definitely continue!" She said shaking her head up and down in 
obvious enthusiasm.  Then a thought occurred to her, "He probably thinks I've 
done this before, oh god what if I suck at this?  I mean after what he just did, 
I'm going to have to work a miracle to compete with that.  Damn I should have 
told him I'm as new to this as he is.  Breath, breath I can do this, but what if 
he leaves me if I stink at it?  No. NO.  He's here for me, he wouldn't leave me 
over something as simple as bad sex... would he?"  Her mental questions were 
starting to show on her face in the form of a slight grimace.  Tenchi of course 
making it his mission to notice the slightest bit of unhappiness in the women as 
of late noticed immediately.  "Something wrong Ryoko?"  His concern was obvious 
and sincere.  Ryoko blinked and answered quickly.  "No, no I'm fine let's go."  
She said with her previous smile restored.  Tenchi propped himself over her and 
positioned his member at her entrance.  "Here we go." Was all he said as he slid 
himself in, in one clean stroke.  Almost immediately he felt some resistance 
then something gave way under his force.  "Ouch... Tenchi it hurts, ow please 
stop!" Ryoko screamed at the sudden feeling of her virginity being lost.  Tenchi 
froze like a deer in headlights.  He looked at her face tears beginning to form 
in the corners of her eyes.  "Oh GOD!  Ryoko I didn't know! I am so sorry!" He 
said removing himself from her a little quicker than he meant to; causing her to 
wince again as more new pain racked her body.  She looked up at him through now 
tear filled eyes and noticed his sad look had returned again.  Only it looked a 
thousand times sadder.  "I should have asked if this was her first time.  But oh 
no.  Just had to assume she was experienced at it didn't you?  You dumb ass.  
She obviously hadn't done this before if she thought an erection was painful.  
You know if she broke your head in right now you'd deserve it."  He just sat 
there mentally kicking himself, so much so until he literally felt like kicking 
the crap out of himself.  "Tenchi it isn't your fault.  I should have told you 
I'd never done this before.  Please don't be mad at yourself."  Ryoko said still 
slightly sniffling.  "I still should have asked.  I just thought you had done 
this before... the way you use to act towards me I just th... I'm sorry."  
Tenchi said in a defeated tone.  "I just acted like that because that's the way 
the women on TV acted to get the men they wanted.  It always worked so I figured 
I'd give it a shot.  So don't be mad at yourself, please?"  Ryoko said more 
upbeat seeing as the intense pain she felt earlier was finally starting to 
lessen.  "Ok." Tenchi said quietly.  "I guess we should get dressed and go back 
to the house then." A still defeated sounding Tenchi said with his eyes focused 
on the ground.

     Ryoko was feeling better at this point and the idea of just going home 
after all this wasn't appealing to her at all.  She was going to finish this 
even if it killed her.  "NO!  We're going to try this again, a little slower 
this time though.  But we're trying again and we aren't leaving until we do!"  
Ryoko stated loud enough for it to echo throughout the cave.  Tenchi looked up 
from the spot on the floor at the now sitting up Ryoko who was staring right 
into his eyes with intense... need?  "Do you think we should be trying this 
again so soon?"  Tenchi asked, his member answering a question that wasn't its 
to answer.  Just staring at her naked did it to him every time, even now against 
his wishes.  "I wouldn't have said it if I didn't think so."  Ryoko said pulling 
Tenchi around to face her and ultimately on top of her.  "Just go slow and 
everything should be fine."  Tenchi still looking worried as he felt the heat 
from her pussy focused on the tip of his member.  Ryoko taking the same approach 
he took with her and his pants, she pulled his hips forward and sent his member 
into her.  This time not hurting as bad or even at all, it was more of a dull 
stinging now.  Tenchi just sat there with his dick inside her, trying not to 
focus on the heat or tightness.   "It doesn't hurt Tenchi.  Please do 
something."  Ryoko said with a playful air about her voice.  It made him smile 
and begin to thrust, just barely.  On Ryoko's end of things the pain was slowly 
being replaced with a warm, not all together pleasurable feeling.  Tenchi's 
thrusts began to quicken in pace as the pleasure began to influence his 
movements more than rational thought.  Ryoko again noticed the slight pain was 
subsiding even more, now the feeling was definitely turning into pleasure.  
"Faster Tenchi.  Go faster." Like a machine obeying instructions, he thrust 
faster.  

Soon he got into a rhythm, which suited them both.  Pain a distant memory in 
Ryoko's mind, she began to fall into a rhythm of moans and screams much like 
when he was giving her the tongue treatment.  "Tenchi, oh fuck! Go yeees! 
Faster!  Faster!  Give it to me Teeeenchiiii!"  A grunt was his verbal reply and 
faster strokes were his action.  The cave once again echoed with her screams and 
the new sound.  A sound of him pumping in and out of her soaked sex.  "Ryoko! 
Don't know oh god!  How much longer I can, damn go!"  Tenchi grunted out 
sweating pouring from both of them.  "So close, just a little bit more Tenchi!  
Fuck ME!" He used the last bit of pure will and determination he had to let her 
achieve orgasm first.  After a few more strokes he felt her body tense like a 
giant muscle.  "TEEEEENCHIII! Gaaaaaawd!  Yes! Yes! OH FUCK YES!  Mmmm 
Teeeeenchiii."  Ryoko shouted through her obvious orgasm.  The new tightness, 
her screaming his name, it just sent him flying over the edge into an orgasm he 
never thought possible.  "RYOKO! Aaaaaah! Fuck!" All he saw was a white flash as 
he felt himself empty into her, over and over again.  The last bit of sperm he 
held pumped into her he just collapsed.  His landing was a soft one; he landed 
right on her breasts.  He knew he'd have to get off her sooner or later or he'd 
crush her... then again with her strength he had a while.  But until he got the 
energy to move, this is where he'd be.  They both lay there sweat soaked, 
panting, and still joined just below the waist.  Ryoko broke the silence of 
their panting with words.  "Tenchi, I think "it's" having another problem."  
Tenchi managed to turn his head so it was positioned in between her breasts.  
"No, it's just softening up.  It's fine.  Remind me to talk to you about sex 
later." He said smiling as he realized where he was.  Ryoko returned the smile, 
liking the image of him wedged in between her breasts as much as he did.  She 
had another question on her mind, "Where did he learn how to do this so well?"  
Unfortunately sleep called her before the question could be asked or answered.  
The last image she saw before sleep claimed her was Tenchi's smiling face in 
between her breasts.  Taking it upon himself he pushed himself over off of her 
and covered her with his shirt before falling asleep himself.

     YAY!  Sex.  I know that's why you mainly read this long-winded drivel.    
Well of course let me know what you think, at redknight2k@hotmail.com.  I'll be 
dropping Chapter 3 off in a while, more sex abound so sit tight.  

           

                                                           
       

     
                                        
