Note: I do not own Tenchi or any related charatures so don't sue me because
I'm not making any money off this fic. In fact I'm losing money if you
consider the electricity I had to pay for to run my computer. So enjoy.

      It was a hot sunny day in the carrot fields. Tenchi was just about to
quit for the day when a massive explosion blew the windows out of his house.

From inside he could hear Ryoko and Ayeka yelling at each other as several
smaller explosions followed. " Maybe I'll stay out here a little longer", he

thought. With a sigh he went back to work.
      As he was working a shadow drifted over him. He looked up and was
shocked to see Ken-ohki hovering overhead. "Nagi", he said. Suddenly a
bright
red beam shot down upon him. "Ahhhhh!", he shouted as he passed out.
      Tenchi woke up inside a small room. It was empty. He slowly got to his

feet and waited for his balance to return. It was then that he noticed he
didn't have any clothes on."Ahhhh!", he cried out in surprise.
      "What's wrong Tenchi", a voice called out from behind him.He turned
around and there was Nagi. Tenchi's hands flew to cover his exposed parts.
Nagi walked toward him.
      "What do you want Nagi?", he asked while backing away from her.His
back hit the wall. She stopped a foot away from him.
      "Just you, Tenchi", she said. She threw off her cloak. Tenchi's eyes
widened as he saw she had nothing on underneath. His eyes wandered all over
her body. He had forgotten how beautiful she was. Her figure was lean with
her skin stretched tightly over her muscles. Her breasts were perfectly
round
and good sized, with large nipples. His hands soon became unable to
completely cover his privates as his erection grew.
      Nagi reached down and pulled his arms up. She held onto his wrists and

spread his arms out, pinning them to the wall. She pressed her body against
his and kissed him. He tried to resist but she was too strong, not to
mention
that he really wasn't trying that hard. His body seemed to have a mind of
it's own as his mouth opened to allow her tongue entry. She ground her
pelvis
into him as her hands traveled down his arms and over his chest. His hands
found their way to her hips. She pulled him away from the wall and to the
floor. He tried again to resist but found he lacked the strength to get off
her.
      He finally stopped trying. He did care who it was, his body was in
control now. He kissed her while his hands traveled over her body. His right

hand found her breast and began rubbing it. "Hmmmm, oh yes.", she said. He
broke the kiss and moved down. He took her other breast in his mouth and
began to suck on it. He ran his tongue in circles around her nipple. "Ohh
ahh, yes, ohh yeah", she called out. Her fingers dug into his back as he
continued. After a few more minutes she rolled them over and it was her
turn.
She kissed him deeply on the lips, then left a trail a light kisses down his

neck and chest. When she reached his penis she kissed it on the tip before
taking it her mouth. "Ohh God!", he yelled out.
      Nagi pulled back slowly, her lips tightly closed around him. She then
ran her tongue in circles around the tip before starting back down. Fiery
pleasure shot  through Tenchi's body. He had never felt anything so good.
The
pleasure increased and he called out," Ohh yes, yes, god. Ohh ahh ahh
AHHHHH!". He climaxed and felt his penis pumping out his semen. When he
reopened his eyes he saw Nagi's face in front of him. She kissed him and he
could taste his semen on her lips. Their hands traveled over each other.
      After a few more minutes of groping, Tenchi felt his erection return.
Nagi noticed and sifted. She positioned herself above him and then slowly
lowered herself. Tenchi moaned in pleasure as he entered her. He grasped her

hips as she started sliding up and down his length. She let out a low moan
as
she sped up. Tenchi was thrusting with her, panting heavily as the
plesureful
feeling built up within him. The feeling seemed to double with each thrust.
Nagi's head tilted back and her back arched as she climaxed. She called
out,"
Ohhh Tenchi, Ahhh yes, ahh!". Her climax pushed him over and he moaned as he

emptied into her. She laid down on top of him and kissed him lightly. He
kissed her back as he slowly drifted off to sleep.
      Tenchi woke up in the middle of the carrot field. He looked around,
unsure of where he was for a moment. Then he remember. He checked himself
and
was relieved that he was dressed. " Was that a dream", he though. " It
couldn't be, could it. It was so real. But then again why would Nagi want
me?
It had to be a dream. But why did I dream about Nagi?" He shook his head and

headed for the house. He walked through the door and saw everyone crowded
around the television. " Hello", he said. No one answered or even looked at
him. He noticed they all looked shocked. From the t.v. he heard, "Ohhh
Tenchi, Ahhh yes, ahh!". He looked in horror at the screen. There was him
and
Nagi, in the final moments of their love making. The pictured faded black. A

second later it came back to show a close up of Nagi's face. She said," Well

Ryoko, I guess I now understand what you see in him. You know what, I just
might stick around a while and see him again. Lucky for me the dome
environment Washu built for us on Mars is still working, so I'll get so rest

their. I do hope you'll drop by Ryoko." Nagi smiled and the screen froze on
that image. Ryoko stood up slowly. Her eyes were locked to Nagi's smiling
face. "AHHHHHH!". Ryoko yelled out as she blasted the television to ashes.
"I'll kill her!" She grabbed Ryo-ohki and headed for the door, not even
looking at Tenchi. Ayeka got up and followed her. " Back off princess, I'm
going alone.", Ryoko said.
       Ayeka shot back," The hell you are. The vile woman has soiled Lord
Tenchi and I plan to make her pay for it."
      " Forget it, your not going"
      "You just try and stop me"
      " If you insist" Ryoko turned around suddenly and punched Ayeka hard
in the stomach and then the face. Ayeka went down hard and didn't get back
up. " Sorry Ayeka but Nagi's mine. She's always wanted a fight to death, and

this times she's going to get it."

                             To be Continued...
