
	Wuz Up! Lemon fans! Space Virgin Cabbit has returned for 
another chapter. Sorry it took forever to send these chapters but 
my fucking E-mail keeps screwing up on me. I have gotten awesome 
reviews for chapters one and two. I bet you're surprised that 
Aisha Clan Clan and the rest of Outlaw Star Gang will be involved 
soon. However I also got some other reviews that gave me a wake 
up call, to add lemon content. 

I just wanted to say that this is the best web site for my 
fan fic. And you're the best audience that I ever had. 

	I'm feeling a lot of sympathy for those who lost their own 
lives in the terrorist attacks. You won't be forgotten either. 
Thanks. God bless you. God bless New York. God bless America. And 
God bless the rest of the world.
   

	Oh well, time to move on. Now, for my first lemon chapter, 
wish me luck, on my progress.   	
	
Warning! Don't let your siblings or your parents catch you 
reading this because, it contains major language, adult 
situations and sexual content and activities.  
	
Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo or any other characters 
from different shows. I just write these for fun. Don't sue me. 
Or Azaka and Kamedaki will come and rip your fucking head off!   


COME-TOGETHER-Chapter three "Royal Brother and Sister"


Daniel is travelling tonight on a plane
I can see the red taillights, heading to Spain
Oh, and I can see Daniel waving goodbye
God it looks like Daniel, must be the clouds in my eyes

They say Spain is pretty, though I never been
Well Daniel says it's the best place, that he's ever seen.
And he should know, he's been there enough
Lord I miss Daniel, oh I miss him so much

Daniel my brother, you are older than me
Do you still feel the pain, of the scars that won't heal?
Your eyes have died but you see more than I
Daniel you're a star in the face of the sky

Oh Daniel my brother, you are older than me
Do you still feel the pain, of the scars that won't heal?
Your eyes have died but, you see more than I
Daniel you're a star, in the face of the sky

Daniel is travelling tonight on a plane
I can see the red taillights heading to Spain
Oh and I can see Daniel waving goodbye
God it looks like Daniel, must be the clouds in my eye
Oh God, it looks like Daniel, must be the clouds in my eye.


Daniel: Elton John



	"Please sit down." Said Katsuhito while pointing to a mat 
on the floor. "Here I'll go get you a fresh kimono. It's one of 
mine but you are very welcome to wear it."

	"Oh thank you. I appreciate that very much." Said Ayeka, as 
she lowered her self onto the mat.

	Katsuhito walked towards his closet. He pulled open the 
paper sliding door and reached his hand inside.

	"Hmm I wonder what Miss Ayeka would prefer better, white or 
black?" He murmured to himself.

	He turned around and took a quick look at the stark naked 
princess with her creamy white bare skin and soft medium sized 
breasts in her purple bra.

	(Wow she is very lovely to look at.) He thought. (But first 
things first.)

	Katsuhito looked at his many kimonos hanging up in his 
closet and sighed. 

	(I hope she likes this one) He thought while randomly 
picking out a black kimono with a white obi.

	"Oh Miss Ayeka. Do you like this one?" Katsuhito called out 
loud, while holding the kimono in Ayeka's view.
	
	Ayeka looked at the kimono and responded back: "Ah yes, 
that one looks lovely. I sure hope it will fit me."

	"Oh don't worry. I believe it will." Said Katsuhito as he 
walked to towards Ayeka.

	"Here slip this on. If it doesn't suit you, then I'll get 
you another." He said while Ayeka grabbed it from him.

"Oh my, this feels comfortable."  She sighed blissfully 
while pulling it over her self. 

"Thank you." She said while bowing.

"Your welcome. Now I if you don't mind Miss Ayeka, I would 
like to know a little bit of trivia about your home planet Juri. 
Tell me about the famous legends or the royal trees or the food 
over there." Katsuhito said as he sat down.

"Oh that? Well we have lots of magnificent things that this 
planet possesses." Ayeka responded while sitting next to him.

"Oh I see. Like what?"

Ayeka sighed happily. "At least one person on this 
Goddamned wretched planet is interested in Juri." She murmured 
under her breath. 

"Hmm, well there is my father king Azusa and Lady Funaho 
who is the first queen. Then there is my mother Misaki who is the 
second queen."

"Ah, it looks like your father has two wives." Katsuhito 
pointed out

"Yes that is correct. My father fell in love with Lady 
Funaho first and then he married Misaki since he thought one 
wasn't enough." She said, chuckling.

"Pardon me, Princess Ayeka, I know that your mother had you 
and Sassami. However I'm a bit curious about Miss Funaho. Did she 
have any children?" He asked 

	"Lady Funaho had only one child. His name was Yosho. Since 
he was the only boy in my family, he was considered the only 
Jurian prince. He had a lot of characteristics of your grandson 
Tenchi. For example he had brown eyes, black hair and a bashful 
personality. I grew up with him and we developed a brother and 
sister bond together." 

Ayeka sighed and smiled. "Oh he was the cutest boy I have 
ever layed my eyes on. We didn't notice it at first but we were 
both falling in love with each other. As the years went by, we 
played together, we talked together, we groomed our hair 
together, and we also took baths together. That is until, we 
turned thirteen years old. Mother and Lady Funaho gave us strict 
orders not to see each other naked until the proper time. So 
forth we had to bathe alone in separate pools."

	"Oh I see. So what happened afterwards?"

	"Years went by and soon, we in our teens. We started doing 
lots of things that mother and father would disprove. We went 
skinny dipping in the royal lakes when it was freezing cold in 
the mornings or late at night. We would secretly sleep together 
in the same bed. We would play hooky from our discipline classes 
on acting like royalty. We would take off in my parent's personal 
ship and go joy riding."  

"One day when nobody was around Yosho got down on one knee 
and asked the question that my heart was longing for. He asked me 
to marry him. Oh! I felt like the happiest woman in the galaxy. 
After I answered yes, Yosho presented to me, the family tradition 
ring with its six sparkling amethyst stones. He placed it on my 
finger and after that I never took it off."

	Ayeka showed Katsuhito her left ring finger and pointed to 
the very faint mark where it used to be.

	"When mother and father found what we have done, instead of 
them getting mad at us, they were glad. They informed us that in 
order to keep up the Royal family, I would have to marry somebody 
with royal blood. Since I was already in love with him, 
everything was ready for my destiny. A month later we were making 
preparations to go our very first marriage counsel class. 
Suddenly the worst disaster of our entire lives happened."

	At this point Ayeka's face went from pleasant to pissed. 

"Juri was under attack. Buildings, fountains, trees, and 
people were demolished. Of all the people in the universe that 
had to behind this was RYOKO! She was the cause of Yosho's 
disappearance. Like I said before, Yosho was the prince of Juri. 
He knew it was his duty to destroy that evil creature. So he 
immediately got into a Juri ship and blasted off to fight her on 
a distant planet. When I found out what he had done. I was so 
heartbroken and depressed that I tried committing suicide on 
seventeen occasions."

	"Oh that's awful Miss Ayeka. What happened afterwards?"

	Ayeka sighed. "I never saw or heard from him again. I 
noticed one thing though. I discovered that a favorite locket of 
mine, along with some other personal items was gone on the day 
that Yosho left to fight Ryoko."

	"What did the locket look like?"

	"It was gold and small miniature diamonds were imbedded 
into it. Inside it had a picture of Yosho and I, holding hands."

	"Do you think you might see him again?"

	"I believe that I will eventually find him. In fact after 
my attempts to kill myself failed, I got on a ship and sailed 
through the galaxy searching every planet, star, or space station 
for my future husband."

	"Have you found him yet?"

	"No I gave up and declared him dead when I landed on 
Earth." She responded feeling defeated.

	"Oh that's a shame. You know when my wife died, I felt very 
miserable for a long time." He said sounding concerned. 

	"Oh I see. You must have felt what I felt when,"

	Suddenly there was a loud knocking on the door.

	"Enter." Said Katushito.

	The door opened and Sassami stepped in with two trays of 
food.

	"Hi everybody! I brought some miso soup, some eggrolls, and 
some carrot sticks. I also have tea some nice warm tea." She 
called cheerfully while setting the trays on the low table.

	"Mmm I famished. How about you Miss Ayeka?" Asked Katsuhito 
as he began munching on a carrot stick.

	"Yes. I'm quite hungry my self." Responded Ayeka as she 
took a sip from her tea.

	"You two let me know if your still hungry, and I'll bring 
up some more food." Said Sassami as she headed outside.

	Ayeka and Katsuhito gobbled everything up in ten minutes 
flat.

	"Ahh, that was delicious." Said Ayeka as she put her soup 
bowl down for the first time.

	"I'm filled up too." Sighed Katsuhito while softly patting 
his belly.     

 	"Now then I'm also interested in talking about Tenchi. I 
have been living with him and those other women in that house for 
months. However there is one little problem. You see I kind of 
have dilemma between Tenchi and Yosho." Ayeka said clenching her 
fist. "Tenchi has done a lot of good things that made me happy 
but, it looks like that good for nothing Ryoko has been winning 
him over more than I am."

	"Maybe Tenchi isn't the right one for you." Said Katsuhito 
casually. 

	Ayeka had a sudden urge to slap Katsuhito across his face 
and tell him to shut the hell up. Tell him that he is absolutely 
wrong about Tenchi's true feelings for her. Yell all kinds of 
vulgar language at him until her face turned blue. But then she 
realized that in the past months, aside of being nice, friendly, 
and polite, Tenchi hasn't been really affectionate to her. 

	Ayeka sighed and responded. "I'm not so sure about that."

	Katsuhito looked at the hurt in Ayeka's purple eyes and, he 
immediately felt a stab of guilt in his heart.

	"Miss Ayeka I think maybe that was bad remark I said. I'm 
very sorry for saying that. Can you forgive me for hurting you?"

	Ayeka looked into the old man's eyes and said softly. 
"Don't worry, you're forgiven."

	"Thank you. Miss Ayeka." He looked at the clock hanging on 
the wall. "I'm sorry to have to cut this short but I have to get 
some things accomplished right now so I would like for you to do 
me a small favor." Said Katsuhito as he stood up.

	"What is it that you want?" Asked Ayeka.

	"Later on, tonight I would like to talk some more with you 
about Yosho and Tenchi. You wouldn't mind that at all, would 
you?"

	The princess slowly climbed up from the mat and responded. 
"Sure I don't mind at all. Usually Ryoko takes a nap at that time 
so that way I won't have to worry about keeping an eye on her."

	"Okay that will work just fine. I hope you won't forget." 
Said Katsuhito while bowing in front of her.

	"Oh no I won't. A princess of Juri like myself is trained 
real well, not to forget any form of important duties."

	"Miss Ayeka, are you able to walk back to the house?"

	"Yes I can manage now. Thank you for attending for my 
needs." She said while bowing in front of him."

	Ayeka turned and walked to the sliding door. Katsuhito 
reached over and slid it open.

	"Thank you." Said the princess once again.

	"Your welcome." He said as she walked out of the office and 
started heading down the steps.

	As Ayeka walked she began thinking about her feelings for 
Tenchi and Yosho.

	(I know I love Tenchi but however I can't get mind off of 
Yosho. Even when I declared him dead, I still spend sleepless 
nights thinking about him.) She sighed out loud but stopped 
suddenly as another thought hit her mind.

(Wait a minute. There's something very peculiar about 
Tenchi's grandfather. I noticed that when he kept looking at me, 
he had a strange look in his eyes. I wonder why he wanted to know 
my past and Yosho's past? In fact every time I would bring Tenchi 
up into the discussion he would talk like he wasn't interested.)

Ayeka started walking again for a couple of minutes but 
then she stopped again when a wave of horrible conclusions came 
to her.

(Oh God! Did Ryoko get to Lord Katsuhito first? Did she 
talk to him about Tenchi? Has Tenchi already chosen?)

Ayeka began biting her well-manicured nails with 
frustration.

"Stop that!" She ordered her self.

Ayeka pulled her hand away from her mouth and started 
walking quickly. 

(Oh these damn stresses over Tenchi and Yosho! I need to 
make up my mind before I drive my self into a nervous wreck!)

She reached the last step and stopped.

"Calm down Ayeka. You can handle this. I'll just confront 
Lord Katsuhito tonight about Tenchi and get my feelings straight 
once and for all!" She murmured quietly.

She walked down the path toward the house.

Meanwhile, Washu finished eating and walked to her lab, 
leaving Tenchi and Ryoko to finish their meal. Mihoshi already 
ate a while ago and took a nap on the couch.

"Yum, that was a good breakfast. Thanks Sassami! She called 
out while opening the door."

Washu walked through her lab and sat on her usual red 
cushion. She turned on the hologram computer and began typing.

"Hmm lets see. I wonder what is on my agenda today?" She 
asked herself out loud.

She typed in her user password and logged on to the 
Internet. 

All of a sudden the screen turned red-orange all around. 
Immediately the letters and words that Washu was typing were 
erased.

"What the hell!" She said frustrated, as she tried to 
delete the program. The screen didn't change at all.

"This God damn, son-of-bitch is freezing up on me again." 
She grumbled as she pounded the Ctrl, Alt, and Delete keys over 
and over.

Suddenly on the screen, a big pink face with girly eyes and 
a girly smile appeared. Under the pink face, two names glowed 
bright: Radical Ed / Bebop

A voice that sounded like a hyper thirteen-year old girl 
came from the computer speakers.  "Hi! Ed wants some money. Ed 
needs money for the Bebop!" 

"Ah Ha! Hackers! There is a nosy hacker digging into my 
files! Well what ever you are, I'll fix your little smart ass!"  
Washu snarled while she reached into a small box and pulled out a 
floppy disk.

"My homemade computer virus ought to fix this bastard real 
good." She cackled while inserting the floppy into the drive."

Immediately the Pink face changed from a happy to sickly. 
Suddenly messages of pink letters appeared on the screen. (Ed 
feels dizzy, Ed feels sick, Ed feels nauseous, Ed's gonna hurl, 
Ed's gonna blow chunks, Ed's gonna,) 

At that moment the face opened its mouth and artificial 
vomit came spewing out all over the screen. 

"Ha! Ha! Ha! That's what you get for messing with Little 
Washu! She said laughing triumphantly"

Suddenly, WHOOSH, SPLAT! The hard drive spewed out 
artificial pink vomit, drenching the spiked red headed scientist 
and her red cushion.

"Grrr. You shitter! I bet you can't do that again!" She 
yelled at the computer.

"Yep Ed can do it again." Said the computer.

WHOOSH, SPLUT! More vomit squirted from the hard drive and 
landed on Washu and the cushion.

"See what happens when you're not nice to Ed." Giggled the 
computer.

"GOD DAMN, MOTHER FUCKER!" Washu screeched while peeling 
her cloths off."
"Ed will take money for the Bebop from you now". Said the 
computer as Washu's savings account appeared on the screen.

"NO! YOU PRICK! DON'T DO THAT!" Washu shouted as the high 
numbers began subtracting by hundreds."

Washu quickly padded to the main breaker box. But she was 
too late. 

The girly voice called out. "Ed has enough money for the 
Bebop now! Thanks!" The happy face disappeared from the screen. 
The computer switched to Ms Dos Mode.

Washu sulked to her vomit soaked cushion and sat back down 
while making a loud squishing sound. She logged back on to the 
Internet.

"I hope that rotten dyke of a faggot didn't steal too much 
money." She grumbled while entering her bank account.

Washu's face turned crimson at the amount of money that was 
stolen.

The screen read like this: Yen: -176, Sen: -287, Wu-Longs: 
-61 Franks: -59, Wongs: -63, Dollars: -89 Cents: -67, Pounds: -
156, Schillings: -137 Pesos: -65 Credits: -42 Pents: -42 Marks: -
97 Rupees: -10 Kyats: -34 Crowns: -55 Wons: -70 Rubbles: -95  

Over All Estimated Currency Lost: $15,159.98

"Oh SHIT! That Radical Ed made a guinea pig out me! Now I'm 
pissed!" She cried while banging her fist on the keyboard.

Washu reach back into the box and pulled out a huge case of 
antivirus/antihacker software and a bunch of books on how to 
install it.

"That's it you assholes! Any body that tries to fuck with 
my computer is going down!" She yelled as she shoved a CD into 
the CD rom.

In the meantime the hours went by while everybody went 
about his or her business. Ryoko took her usual nap on her 
favorite raft after being shooed out of Tenchi's presence by 
Ayeka. Katsuhito went through a bunch of paper work and thought 
about the conversation that he had with Ayeka. Mihoshi changed 
into another GP uniform and flew off to headquarters. Tenchi 
spent his time working on a report about American Bucks and Does' 
for extra credit. Ayeka went for a walk outside on the path, 
being careful not to step in Ryo-Ohki's shit pile, (that was 
still there and attracting flies.) Sassami cooked supper for the 
evening. Tenchi took a break and watched the latest episodes of 
Pokemon with Ryoko. (Who immediately woke up and landed on the 
couch when she heard him coming down the steps.) Washu took a 
bath in the floating onsene and then spent the rest of the day 
loading tons of software on her computer and cleaning her 
cushion.

Evening came and Ayeka's heart began to pound with fear and 
excitement.

(This is it. I will now decide my choice. My heart will go 
to Yosho or Tenchi.)

Sassami called everyone for dinner. While everybody else 
was wolfing his or hers down, Ayeka was too nervous to eat 
anything. She just felt shaky and goose bumps arose on her creamy 
white skin.

"Hey Ayeka aren't you going to eat?" Asked Sassami as she 
served her some pickles and sweet and sour pork.

"Sorry Sassami but no. I'm not hungry." Ayeka sighed while 
standing up. "Excuse me, would anybody want mine?" She asked out 
loud.

"I'll take it." Said Ryoko as she grabbed the plate away 
from Ayeka's hands.

"Miss Ayeka are you feeling alright?" Asked Tenchi.

"Oh yes. I'm feeling fine, its just I'm not in the mood to 
eat." Responded Ayeka softly.

Tenchi was about to say something else when Ryoko shot a 
(If you speak one more word to her, I'll kick your fucking ass.) 
look at him.

Tenchi sighed and finished his dinner quietly.

Ryoko noticed that maybe she came on him a little too 
strong so, she tried to appease him a little bit, just to show 
that she isn't a space pirate that acts like a bitch.

"Hey Tenchi I have a lot of sweet and sour pork here. Would 
you like some?" She asked, smiling at him.

"Great! I'm still hungry." Tenchi responded cheerfully as 
he held out his plate for Ryoko to give it to him.

(Well at least she isn't in an angry mood anymore.) He 
thought with relief as she placed the pork on his plate.

Suddenly, Tenchi and the others heard the sound of a space 
ship splashing into the lake.

"Oh woopety doo. Mihoshi's back" Washu mumbled 
sarcastically with her mouth full of pickles.

The sliding door opened and a soaking wet blonde with 
caramel skin stumbled into the house.

"Hi everybody." She said while wringing her hair out.

"Hey Mihoshi." Everyone said back.

Suddenly a foul odor began to fill the room.

"Eww really Ryoko you should lay off the beans." Scolded 
Ayeka 

"Hey don't look at me. I didn't do it." Said Ryoko in a 
voice full of innocence.

"Well it wasn't me." Said Tenchi.

"I didn't do it either." Said Sassami

"I couldn't have done it, I didn't eat any beans." Said 
Mihoshi

	"I didn't do it. Honest I didn't." Said Katsuhito.

"Wait a minute, this odor doesn't smell like a human did 
it." Said Washu. 

She took a short sniff. 

"It smells like a cabbit and I, oh my God." She pointed 
with hesitation. Look everybody."

Everyone looked at the floor. Brown smeared footprints were 
all over the wooden floor, leading to Mihoshi's GP boots.

"Oh gross, Mihoshi' youb didn't dob what I thinb youb just 
didb!" Said Sassami while holding her nose.

Mihoshi bent over to look at her boots. "Yikes! I stepped 
in somebody's terds. Boyb dob tbey stinbk!" She said while 
holding her nose.

"You didn't just steb in themb, you've tracked theb all 
over the fubbing floor!" Exclaimed Ryoko while holding her nose.

"Oh my, it smelbs in hereb, I'm gobba gob eab my foob inb 
my obbice inb my roob." Said Katsuhito as he grabbed his plate 
and stood up.

Holding his nose he walked out of house toward the path.

Ayeka took a deep breath and ran out of the house while 
holding her nose.

"Tenchib letsb gob eab in yourb roomb." Suggested Ryoko 
while holding her nose.

"Whab?" Said Tenchi with his hands still over his nose.

"I saib letsb gob eatb in yourb roomb." Repeated Ryoko.

"Whab?" Asked Tenchi.

Ryoko took her hand off of her nose and said quickly. " I 
said lets go eat in your room."

Tenchi responded. "Okayb thatbs a goob ideab Ryboko."

	Tenchi and Ryoko grabbed their plates and glasses and ran 
upstairs.

	Instead of Washu being mad at Mihoshi, she instead thought 
something that seemed like a better use of Ryo-Ohki's terds.

	"Eurekab!  Screwb the vaccinbation, I woulb be better offb 
making a stinkb bomb out of Ryo-Ohki's Shib." Said Washu 
triumphantly.

	"Whab? I can't understanb youb." Said Mihoshi while holding 
her nose.

	Washu took her hand off her nose and said quickly "Eureka! 
Screw the vaccination. I would be better off making a stink bomb 
out of Ryo-Ohki's Shit.

	"Ohb Okbay Wabu." Mihoshi ran to the kitchen, while still 
tracking the shit every where.

	(I better get out of here before I pass out.) Washu thought 
as she retreated to her lab, for some deodorizer. 

	Meanwhile Ayeka caught up to Katsuhito while panting for 
breath.

	"Ah Miss Ayeka. You decided to join me." He said while they 
headed up the steps.

	"Oh yes I wanted to finish our conservation about Tenchi 
and Yosho." Said Ayeka, in between pants.

	"Why sure, you can talk to me about Tenchi. I have no 
problem with that."

	Both of them remained in silence until they reached the top 
of the steps.

	"Oh my, how long can you put up with walking up and down 
these Godforsaken steps." Asked Ayeka as she bent down to rub her 
ankle.

	"I've been doing this kind of activities all my life so I'm 
used to it." He replied.

	Ayeka and Katsuhito made their way to the shrine and 
stopped outside.

	"Do you want to go in Miss Ayeka?" He asked while pointing 
to his office.

	"Oh no. I want to talk to you immediately about my feelings 
for Tenchi and Yosho." Ayeka responded.

	"Alright, I guess that will be fine with me." Shrugged 
Katsuhito as he lowered himself onto the steps.

	"Look like I told you before I love Tenchi but I can't get 
Yosho out of my thoughts." She said feeling frustrated.

	Katsuhito hesitated and sighed.

	"Princess Ayeka I have something to say to you. Something 
that I meant to tell you ever since you came on Earth that I," 
His voice trailed off.

	"Excuse me you need to speak up." Said Ayeka 

	Katsuhito nervously looked at the princess's purple eyes 
and said, "Princess Ayeka, you are looking at the one, whom you 
have been searching for."

	"What ever are you talking about?" Asked Ayeka

	"I said I'm your claimed to be dead fianc‚." Katsuhito 
replied while feeling himself starting to sweat.

	Suddenly Ayeka grabbed the old man by his collar and 
growled angrily at him. "I'm warning you only once. Don't you 
dare trifle with me! I have been through terrible emotions about 
my self and you have the complete nerve to tell me something that 
is so absurd and so ridiculous!"

	"But princess Ayeka its true." Said Katsuhito

	"No it isn't! Yosho is dead and you're just an old man that 
is mocking me!" Screamed Ayeka as tears began dripping out of her 
eyes.

	"Please Princess Ayeka I'm not mocking you or hurting you 
in any way. Yosho is very much alive right now."

	Ayeka immediately stood up and said angrily, "Alright! 
Alright! If Yosho is alive I want you to prove it to me right 
now!"

	Yes mam said Katsuhito as he began to transform.

	Ayeka couldn't keep her eyes off of the sight of Tenchi's 
Grandfather.

	Katsuhito's features were immediately switched from an old 
man to a valiant young handsome prince with features that a 
princess would desire. His slightly gray hair turned to a deep 
shiny black. His mustache and all of the wrinkles on himself were 
gone forever. He looked like Tenchi and Funaho with a little bit 
of Azuza mixed in. Instead of being slightly hunched over like an 
old man, he stood up straight and tall.

	"Princess Ayeka, I am Yosho Juri." He said in a deep voice 
that, sounded a little like Tenchi's 

	Ayeka looked all over him with awe. 

"Well you say you're Yosho, you look like Yosho, and you 
even talk like Yosho. However I still doubt that you are Yosho 
and further more you need to do better than that, otherwise I 
will consider you an imposter! I think I'll test you on some 
personal questions that Yosho and I know only." She responded.  

	She stood up and looked at him in his eyes. "If you get 
just one question wrong although you get the others right, I 
still won't believe that you are my fianc‚. Is that clear?"

	"Yes mam, I 'm ready to begin now."

	Ayeka cleared her throat. "Ahem. First question: What is 
the name of my ship that I go cruising around in?"

	"Ryu-oh" he answered calmly.

	 "That's correct."(Hmm that was too easy. I better try 
harder ones.)

	"Second question: Does Lady Funaho has real Jurian gems in 
her forehead?"

	"No, Lady Funaho has no gems, because she came from Earth."

	 "That's correct. Third question: Who was the Goddess that 
saved Sassami's life when Ryoko attacked Juri?"

	"Tsunami."

	 "That's correct. Fourth question: About how many years 
have gone by since Yosho left me.

	"A little over seven hundred."

	"That's correct. Fifth question: How many wives is the king 
of Juri permitted to marry in one time?"
	
	"The king can marry only two at a time. If there were more 
than two it would cause him to be corrupt."

	"That's correct. Sixth question: One of the people in my 
family is bisexual, and it isn't me! Who is it?"

	"Misaki"

	"How do you know that?" Asked Ayeka as she began to sweat.

	He replied, "Father caught her in bed with a few servant 
girls having an orgy, one night."

	(He's got them all right. If he gets this one right then 
that proves that he is Yosho.) Ayeka thought silently.

	"Now the final question that will prove that you are Yosho. 
Are you ready?"

	"Ask me Princess Ayeka, I'm not afraid."

	"A long time ago I had a secret plot to become the only 
princess of Juri. What was it?"

	"You were going to trick Sassami into going on a trip by 
herself in space. While she was on her way, you would have sent 
Jurian war ships to destroy her."

	Ayeka gasped. (That was it. There is no doubt about him not 
being Yosho. Even my parents never knew about this either.)

	She looked at Yosho and suddenly a smile broke out on her 
royal face.

	"Oh Yosho its you!"

	"Yes Ayeka it's me." He said while blushing

	"Oh, Yosho why have made me wait this long?"

	"Because Ayeka I had my own doubts too. When I saw you land 
on Earth, I thought you were an imposter too. I thought you were 
dead. I didn't realize it at first but when your parents came to 
visit you, I now figured out that it was really you. I was going 
to tell you later but the look on my father's face caused me to 
be very upset. I also felt very guilty about not presenting my 
self to you. I'm very sorry."

	"Don't worry you're forgiven." Whispered Ayeka as she 
slowly began to embrace him."

	"Suddenly, her thoughts crashed together with accusation."

	(Ayeka what the fuck are you doing? He once was with 
another woman at the time. He even slept with her. You have to 
purify him before he becomes yours again. He must be punished for 
the treachery and pain he has caused you for all of these years.)

	Ayeka's smile disappeared off of her face and it was 
replaced with a look that desires revenge and justice. She 
stopped before her hands could touch his shoulders.

	Yosho reached over and tried to touch her but she slapped 
him away.

	"I can't touch you! You're filthy!" Ayeka snarled.

	"Bu bu but Princess Ayeka," Yosho stammered but he was 
immediately cut off.

	"I spend over seven hundred years searching for you and 
what do you do? You completely forgot about our family and me! 
You never wrote to Juri. You've bailed out on me when Juri was 
under attack. You never even tried to come back although your 
ship was in perfect order. You've even did something that makes 
me want to cut you into pieces!" 

	Ayeka suddenly exploded words out of her mouth. 

"YOU'VE DEFILED ME, BY MARRYING SOMEONE ELSE! Why Yosho why 
did you something to hurt me so bad?"

	Yosho felt a huge wave of shame wash over him while keeping 
his head down at the ground.

"Why Yosho? Is because I'm not good enough for you? Is 
because you prefer earthlings better than your own blood? Is it 
because you thought that I'm not wild and frisky like the hentais 
and echis on this planet?" Is it because my beauty never suited 
you? Tell me, why did you leave me to suffer?"  

"But it wasn't my fault that I didn't come back to Juri. 
Honest it wasn't!" He said while trembling.

	"Oh, a likely story and I suppose you want me to forgive 
you for that too?" Sneered Ayeka

	"I couldn't get back to Juri because the planet I landed 
had no fuel for my ship." He stammered. 

"Liar! You're lying to me, you snake in the grass!" She 
shouted.

"Please Ayeka I'm not lying!" Begged Yosho

"Yes you are!" She screamed, determined to say her piece. 
"I know why you couldn't go back! It was because you met that 
woman and dropped my heart into the dirt! You've mocked me Yosho, 
by marrying her and gave her a child! You were supposed to do 
that to me! You were supposed marry me like you promised! You 
were supposed to make love to me and cherish me! You were 
supposed to be my master and I was supposed to be your mistress! 
You even promised that we would both give our parents dozens of 
heirs to the throne!" She yelled with her voice cracking.        
               
	Yosho was on the verge of crying as more guilt washed over 
him.
	
	"P prin princess Ayeka. I still love you." He stuttered 
while getting down on one knee.
	
	"Ha! How can find the feeling I once had for you when 
you've betrayed me for over seven hundred years?" She yelled

	"But I do. Please let me prove that my love for is stronger 
than Juri its self." He said getting up. 

	"Alright! Go ahead! I doubt it that it's going to change 
anything!" She shouted

	Yosho turned and walked into his office. He slowly came 
back with a card board box, marked: Princess

	He set it down in front of her feet and said, "Here is the 
evidence that proves my love for you Ayeka."

	With a disbelieving sniff she bent down and opened it. 

Ayeka gasped while looking at the contents. 

	Inside the box was a dried up bouquet of flowers, a heavy 
photo album, some brass jewelry, a lot of purple ribbons, some 
small stuffed animals, some hair pins, a purple diary, a picture 
of Ayeka smiling with Azaka and Kamedaki, and another box that 
was large enough to hold a necklace.

	"Yosho you took these didn't you?" She asked looking at 
him.

	"Yes Ayeka I did that because since I couldn't take you 
with me, I decided to take some stuff that would remind me about 
you." He replied while bending down towards Ayeka.

	"Ayeka I haven't lied to you yet haven't I?" He asked 
softly

	"Yes that's true." Ayeka replied noticing that same look in 
Yosho's eyes that she saw that morning.

	"Ayeka I'm speaking nothing but the truth whether you 
believe me or not. When I landed on Earth I had no fuel left to 
return to Juri. I was very grieved at the fact that I couldn't 
see my parents or you ever again. I spent many sleepless nights 
of thinking and dreaming about you. I worried my self, sick about 
the thought of father giving you over to somebody else." 

	Yosho paused to wipe some tears out of his eyes	

	"As the years went by, I had fell into depression. Even 
when I met my late wife I was still depressed. Even when I 
married her and gave her a daughter, I still felt empty. It 
seemed like something was missing from my life. It was you that 
were missing. You were the one who I really loved, unlike my 
wife. Although she turned out to be a decent average partner in 
matrimony, I felt extremely guilty when I was wedding her. Only 
you could fill my soul with your love. She only made love to me 
once and I think mostly it was because she wanted a child instead 
of giving her self to me like she vowed when we were married. We 
split up many times but we got back together for the sake of my 
daughter.

	"She died years before you were to come to Earth. 
Afterwards my daughter, Achika grew up and married Noboyuki 
Masaki. They both had one son together and that was Tenchi. I 
noticed Noboyuki and Achika were so happy together that it made 
me want to kill my self too. I felt that I would never find love. 
I felt like I would fail as a husband and a father. I felt awful 
but still I just couldn't bring myself to commit suicide."

	"I've still been dreaming, and hoping, and praying to any 
God or Goddess that would listen to my troubles but nothing 
happened. I wanted love, not the type between brother and sister 
but man and woman. Overtime years and years went passed and I 
slowly began forgetting that I was ever engaged to a Jurian 
princess. Sure I would go down in history as the one who defeated 
the evil Ryoko and saved Juri from utter destruction, but without 
a wife to love me and take care of me."
	
	Yosho grinned at Ayeka as more tears trickled down his 
face.

	Then when I saw you I thought it just couldn't be her. The 
young lady with purple eyes and flowing hair, it just couldn't be 
her or could it? I began watching you very closely from time to 
time. I wanted to see if you were the girl that I kept dreaming 
about.
Later on I came across that box of your things that I took from 
Juri and, suddenly it all came back to me. I was and still am the 
first crown prince of Juri. It was now revealed to me that I was 
engaged to you. I found that out while reading the last entry of 
your diary. 
It was dated, September 15, 1277 the last day we would see each 
other. When all the memories came back after I read through the 
photo album, I fell back in love with you. Hopefully if I could 
confront you about all this without giving away my secret just 
yet about me being Yosho then maybe you will love me again.

	Ayeka's mouth gaped as Yosho looked at her with teary eyes. 
(Oh my God he's hasn't forgotten anything about me at all.) She 
thought, as she looked at the sad prince.

"Please Ayeka I want to be your fianc‚. I want you to be my 
mistress. I want to love you. I want to treat you right like I 
was supposed to do seven hundred years ago." He bowed his head.

	"Yosho." Whimpered Ayeka as she wrapped her arms around 
him.

	"Please Ayeka. I'm so sorry for my terrible actions." He 
sobbed.

	"Shhh. Its Ok, I know now that you are the one that has 
loved me all this time." Whispered Ayeka as she hugged her found 
fianc‚.

	Yosho sobbed some more and kept his head down.

	"Don't cry Yosho." Said Ayeka as she hugged him tighter

	"Oh I feel so relieved that about my feelings for you are 
now been resolved." Ayeka said into his ear.

	"Princess Aeyka do you still love me?" Asked Yosho while 
they both slowly stood up. 

	"Yes, Yosho I do. In fact I've finally made up my mind 
between you and Tenchi."
She said while her face formed a smile.
	
"You mean it?" He asked

	"Yes I mean it. I want to be your fianc‚ again. I want to 
marry you. I want to do all of the things that we promised each 
other we were going to do while we were on Juri."

	"You trust me that I'll be a good husband to you, Ayeka?"

	 "Yes Yosho I trust you. You have proven your self, worthy 
to be my husband. You've been brave, truthful, and unselfish. 
That was exactly what I was looking for in order for me to give 
my hand to you in marriage."

	"Oh thank you. Thank you very much." Said Yosho as his lips 
began to descend upon hers.

	Ayeka pushed him away softly. "No no no. In order for us to 
start a new fresh relationship, we have to purify our selves."

	"Wait here my brave Yosho. I'll be back." Ayeka said in a 
voice mixed with lust and love.

	She hugged him and then took off running down the path. Her 
heart was full of love and excitement. 

(Yosho loves me and I love him. I've finally chosen who I 
want to be with!)

	Ayeka kicked off her sandals and ran in her tabi the rest 
of the way. She didn't stop running until she entered the house. 

The smell of terds was gone and replaced with a light lemon 
odor. Mihoshi was barefoot with her GP pants rolled up to her 
knees and mopping up the floor with squeegee mop. There was water 
all over the place hinting; that she was doing a lousy job.   

Ayeka headed upstairs to her room, by walking very 
carefully over the wet floor. 

	"Oh I'm so excited. I can't wait to be bonded again with 
the prince of my dreams!" She said as she made her way up to her 
room.

	Meanwhile in Tenchi's room, Tenchi and Ryoko had just 
finished eating.

	Ryoko floated over to Tenchi's television and switched it 
on.

	"Hey Tenchi come play a game with me." She said while 
searching for a video game cartridge.

	"Not today Ryoko, I got to do my homework." He said while 
opening his book up.

	"Aw please! Can't you just take a break just this once?" 
She asked in her artificial begging voice.

	"Sorry Ryoko I can't. I got to do this so, I can bring my 
grade up." He responded

	Ryoko pouted for a minute and then she floated over toward 
him. 

"Hey what kind of homework is it, that you're doing?" She 
asked curiously

"It's a report on bucks and does." Answered Tenchi while 
writing something on a paper.

"Hey let me see that." Said Ryoko as she grabbed the paper 
away from Tenchi."

"Hey Ryoko give it back! I 'm not done with it yet!" Tenchi 
protested.

"Relax Tenchi, I just want to see what you wrote." Said 
Ryoko as began reading out loud.

"The American Bucks and Does. A report by, Tenchi Masaki. 
Bucks and does are related to the deer family. Bucks are male 
deer with large antlers that are used for fighting. Does are 
female deer that have no antlers for protection, instead they are 
always accompanied by its mate, the buck. The buck will always 
protect its mate from danger, harm or from any other bucks. In 
November mating season begins. The bucks and does are in heat for 
about thirty hours, unlike humans who can be in heat at any 
time." Ryoko giggled loudly at that part.

She cleared her throat and kept floating away each time, 
when Tenchi tried to grab the paper from her hands.

"When bucks are in danger of hunters or any other rivals, 
they paw shallow, circular depressions in the earth, in the 
center of which they urinate and ejaculate. Then lying down, they 
coat their bodies with mud. A buck in a rut fears nothing, and 
this is the only time of the year that he may be dangerous to 
man." She finished and handed the paper back to Tenchi.

"That's a good report Tenchi. I like it." She said while 
giggling.

"Uh thanks Ryoko. I hoped you weren't too grossed out." 
Tenchi said sheepishly.

"Not at all, I understand it perfectly. It's only natural 
that animals do that." She said while floating to the door.

"Hey Tenchi. If I saw you undressing and peeing and cumming 
in the dirt and then coating your body with mud at your 
grandfathers shrine, during your training; do you know what I 
would do?" She asked casually

"Uh, you would get really grossed out and then tell 
everybody at the house what I've been doing." He answered.

"Nope Tenchi. Instead I would take off my clothes and come 
join you." She said while looking in him in the eyes.

Tenchi started to giggle as he pictured him and her rolling 
around in the mud naked like animals while his grandfather stood 
there and nodded, saying that it was part of his training.

"Uh Ryoko, I really should get work on this." He said while 
blushing.

"Alright Tenchi alright, I'll go away, but I'll be back 
later." She said feeling defeated while phasing through the door.

She stuck her head back in and said, "I'm serious!"  Then 
she disappeared.

(God she can be so weird at times but, I guess that's what 
makes her different and kind of more special than the others.) He 
thought, while sitting back down to write again. 

Meanwhile back in Ayeka's room.

Ayeka slid opened the closet door and sighed happily. "I'm 
so glad that I brought this with me when I came to Earth." She 
said while picking up what she was seeking for.

	Ten minutes later Yosho saw his future bride to be, walking 
towards him with a big wooden chest in her arms.

	"I'm back, my love." She said while setting the chest down 
at Yosho's feet.

	"Is that a present for me?" Yosho asked 
	
"It's a really a present for both of us. This chest and its 
contents were passed down from generation to generation for the 
kings, queens, princes, and princesses. This is what is used to 
purify us from any flaw and put us into a state of pure grace. 
Once the state of grace is reached, the Juri powers of love for 
one another will come alive. When the Juri powers of love exceed 
to the highest level something extra special between us will 
happen." Replied Ayeka with her eyes sparkling.

"Oh, I guess I understand that." He said

"Well Yosho, ever since I fell in love with you, you've 
always had great potential. Because it is very hard to find 
anybody else that has a soft heart like you, I will go ahead and 
give you some simple tests, before we began our purification."  

	"Thank you. I'm ready for anything right now." Yosho beamed

	"Ah that's the spirit. Therefore as first princess of Juri 
I take it upon my self as my most royal duty to get you ready to 
be the most faithful husband for me in the entire universe."

	Ayeka stood up and turned her back to him. "The first test 
is about instinct control. I want you to remove the kimono, geta, 
tabi, and lingerie that I'm wearing without laying a single 
finger on my skin. You are only allowed to look straight ahead."

	Yosho licked his lips nervously as he slowly reached for 
the obi that was tied around her waist. His hands shook as he 
untied the knot and slowly the kimono slid open.
He grabbed the back of it and softly pulled it over her head and 
tossed aside. Next he bent down and slightly loosened the tabi 
around her calves and ankles. Yosho then removed her geta from 
her feet while at the same time grasping the toes of the tabi and 
sliding them off leaving Ayeka standing barefoot. Yosho stood 
back up while his penis got harder and harder with each second 
and carefully unhooked the bra catch from behind and slipped the 
bra off while feeling sudden urges. Last and finally least, he 
softly grabbed the top of her panties and slipped them down until 
they fell to her feet.

	"Very good Yosho, You have done everything right without 
disobeying me. One more test and we will start the purification 
once you pass it. The last test is basically the same except it 
is backwards. I want you to dress me in the outfit that is inside 
the chest. It's the same rules, no touching any of my skin and 
you can only look ahead." She said while kicking the panties 
away.

	Yosho bent down and pulled out a very skinny black leather 
top, a black leather thong and a pair of black leather, high heel 
boots that were knee high. First Yosho tied the top over her 
royal bosom. Next he tied the thong around her waist, being 
extremely careful not to touch her soft but firm ass. Finally he 
slid the boots over her bare feet, while his cock throbbed 
painfully against his briefs.

	"Oh and one more thing Yosho hand me that whip." Said Ayeka 
while pointing to the chest.

	Yosho reached over and grabbed the whip and placed it in 
Ayeka's waiting hand.

	"Congratulations, you've passed. Now we're ready to begin." 
Said Ayeka as she turned to face him.

	"Oh princess Ayeka you're beautiful." He said while gazing 
at her royal body in the leather top, thong, and boots.

	"Thank you, I'm very flattered." Ayeka responded while 
blushing.

	She cracked the whip for attention.

	"Now Yosho, first you have to be punished for what you did 
in the past." She said while walking to a nearby rock.

	"But Ayeka I apologized and you forgave me." Begged Yosho

	"Yes you have and I'm very proud of you coming clean with 
me. However that still doesn't exclude you from being 
disciplined. What, you thought that since you were forgiven for 
sleeping with another woman, you wasn't going to receive a 
punishment?" She chuckled shortly but then her face became like 
stone."

	"Come here and take your licks like a real Jurian prince." 
She snarled while beckoning him with her finger."

	Yosho felt totally ashamed and embarrassed that he was 
going to be punished by his own future wife. However, he couldn't 
not argue against the fact that, it was wrong to sleep with 
somebody else. Plus sleeping with someone else while you're 
engaged or married to somebody was a federal offense on Juri.   
He slowly walked to the princess with the whip in her hand like a 
mother who is ready to ground her child.

	Ayeka stood at attention and clicked her heels together. 

	"Undress!" She barked

	Yosho stopped and nervously took off his obi, kimono, under 
shirt, slacks, geta, and tabi. He shuddered while standing the 
princess's presence with only pair of briefs on.

	"And the briefs!" She said just as loud.

Yosho slipped his briefs off and kicked them aside while, 
hoping that nobody happened to be watching His penis was now 
stiff and erect while pointing in the princess's direction.

"Come Yosho." She growled, cracking the whip.

He slowly started walking again to the waiting princess 
that was now sitting on the rock, shivering with every step.

"Sit!" She commanded, pointing to her lap.

Yosho slowly brought his butt softly on her knees. Ayeka 
grabbed him and scooted him closer to her until his penis was 
pressed against her belly.

"Now Yosho you've known what you have done in the past. 
You've hurt me very badly so now I'm going to have my justice." 
She said in a cold voice.

 Yosho tried to think of anything to say back that would 
make Ayeka go easy on him but, he could only muster out, "Yes 
mam."

As quick in a blink of an eye, Ayeka turned him over and 
soon had him lying across her lap with her left arm wrapped 
around him and her right hand was in midair holding the whip.

Immediately it dawned upon him that he was going to receive 
the most humiliating punishment in all of Juri. He was going to 
be whipped like a child. Except the licks would be multiplied by 
ten. Instead of getting ten licks that a child usually receives 
he would get one hundred licks.

"Hold on to me. If you fall off I will start all over 
again." She warned

Yosho immediately grabbed hold of Ayeka's bare legs and 
held tight

"Any last words before you punishment is carried out?" She 
asked coldly while holding the whip in a loop.

Yosho sighed and responded "Let's get it over with."

CRACK! CRACK! SMACK! SMACK! WHAP! WHAP! The whip came down 
onto Yosho's ass over and over.

"OUCH! OH OUCH! OH OUCH! OH OUCH! OH OUCH!" CriedYosho 

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! CRACK! CRACK! WHAP! WHAP! CRACK!

"YEOUCH! OH OOOH! OUCH! OUUUU! AHHHH! AYYEEEE! OUCH!  OH 
OUCH! YE OUCH! OH! OH!" He cried while his butt felt like it was 
on fire.

"Sleep with another woman will you?!" Ayeka shouted while 
increasing the force of the whip.

CRACK! "OUCH!" "SMACK!" "OUCH!" WHAP! "OUCH!" "OH!" CRACK 
"SHIT!" WHAP! SMACK! CRACK! "GODDAMN IT!" SMACK! WHAP! CRACK! 
"OUCH! OH! FUCK!" CRACK! WHAP! WHAP! SMACK! "SON-OF-A-BITCH!"

"Oh please Ayeka I'm sorry please! Please stop! It hurts so 
much!" He begged loudly in pain."

"Hell no! I'm not gonna stop! If you can go defeat Ryoko 
and live, well you sure hell can live through this! Yosho you've 
defiled me! You've humiliated me! You've hurt me! Now you're 
going feel what I felt eight hundred years ago!" Ayeka screeched.

WHAP! "OUCH!" CRACK!" OH!" SMACK! "OOOH!" CRACK! CRACK! 
CRACK! SMACK! "YEOUCH!" WHAP! "OH SHIT!" WHAP! "DAMN IT!" CRACK! 
CRACK! CRACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! OUCH! SMACK! SMACK! 
"OOOOOUUUUUCCCCCHHHH!!!!!!!"

By now Yosho was broken. He was crying and wailing and 
screaming while Ayeka continued to lash his now tender ass 
without any mercy. She was hitting him so fast and so hard that 
he lost track on how many lashes he was getting. He was now 
absolutely sorry that he even met his wife or talked to her or 
even slept with her.   

"I." CRACK! "Hope," SMACK! CRACK! "You've learned," SMACK! 
SMACK! CRACK! "That" CRACK!  "You should" SMACK! SMACK! CRACK! 
SMACK! WHAP! WHAP! WHAP! "Never WHAP! CRACK! WHAP! CRACK! WHAP! 
SMACK! "Defy me" WHAP! WHAP! SMACK! CRACK! SMACK! "Ever again!" 
WHAP! WHAP! CRACK! SMACK! SMACK! CRACK! SMACK! CRACK! Ayeka 
snarled and then with one final CRACK! She stopped.

Yosho was bawling with pain. Although he was still crying 
he was glad that it was all over. He felt too weak and too 
humiliated to get up so, he just layed there on Ayeka's lap and 
kept his eyes shut while his tears dripped to the ground.

Ayeka looked at the damage closely that she created on his 
ass with her whip. (No bleeding just a few blisters. I knew that 
Jurian people like him were strong enough to take such 
punishments.) She looked at Yosho hanging over her lap and then 
she looked at the whip in her hand. (Oh Yosho, my brave Yosho 
please summit to me during our purification so that you won't 
have to go through so much pain.) 

Suddenly Yosho felt a warm pair of hands grab his shoulders 
and lift him up and slowly set him back upright on a soft but 
firm lap surrounded by a thin strip of leather.

"Yosho please open your eyes and look at me." Said a voice 
full care and love

Yosho slowly opened his eyes and saw a face of royalty and 
kindness sparkling purple eyes, purple hair and a friendly smile.

"Princess Ayeka I'm so sorry about all those things that I 
did wrong. He said while putting his head down."

The same pair of hands that set him back on her lap was now 
around his back and drawing him closer.

"Its okay Yosho, your punishment is over. Now do you know 
why I don't won't you to do anything bad?"

"Because you'll beat me?" He sniffed

"That's right. I didn't want to do it and it hurt me as 
much as it hurt you."

Ayeka touched his chin with her finger.

"Yosho I beat you because you were doing something that was 
so irresponsible and so disgusting by sleeping with somebody 
else. When you did that I had no choice but to punish you for 
hurting me. Originally you were supposed to receive one hundred 
licks like mother got for sleeping with the servant girls. 
However since you came clean about sleeping with that woman 
instead of waiting to tell the whole truth after your beating, I 
decided to knock off twenty lashes. I only gave you eighty. I was 
going to knock off some more but you tried to weasel your way out 
of your punishment like you did awhile ago."

A sweat drop dripped from his forehead.

"Oh I'm sorry Ayeka. I guess I wasn't acting like the Yosho 
that defeated Ryoko." He said sheepishly "Are you still angry at 
me?"

"Not anymore, it's in the past. The future for us, is now!" 
She exclaimed while a big smile broke across her face.

Ayeka picked Yosho up and set him standing up on the 
ground. She hopped off the rock and walked back to the opened 
chest. She reached in and pulled out an outfit and a whip that 
was the same as hers and tossed it too him. "Here put these on so 
we can begin!" 

Yosho caught the top, thong and boots and whip. He put them 
on, and faced Ayeka grinning.

"Oh, Yosho, you look hansom in my duplicate outfit." She 
pointed in a sexy lusty/love voice.

"What shall I do now Ayeka?" Asked Yosho while staring 
closely at Ayeka with her breasts bulging against her top and the 
purple pubic hair hanging out of her thong.

Ayeka responded in that same sexy tone. "Let's undress our 
hair."

Yosho put his hands on her two ponytails and slipped the 
braids off. Ayeka reached behind Yosho and tugged at his single 
ponytail and slipped the braid off.

They both grabbed their hair and ruffled it up, until it 
fanned out real wide and longer than ever.

"Oh Ayeka you're so beautiful, how much longer must I 
wait?" Asked Yosho while his cock bulged against the thin 
leather.

"Not long, my Yosho. First we must purify our selves." 
Answered Ayeka as she felt a thin stream of liquid flow down her 
thighs.

(Oh God I better hurry up before the Jurian powers take 
over.)

"Yosho you have to follow some orders that I give you. 
These are some more test that you have to pass in order to be 
mine again."

"Yes mam" said Yosho as drool began to trickle down his 
chin.

"Stop staring at me so we can get on with this! I want you 
just as bad, you know!" Ordered Ayeka while cracking her whip on 
his back.

Yosho winced at the pain and said louder "You've have my 
undivided attention mistress!"

"Very good! Now we're getting somewhere! Yosho, I'm the 
first princess of the planet Juri and I'm destined to be your 
future wife! For now, call me princess!"

She cracked the whip again, this time it hit Yosho's right 
shoulder.

"Yes my princess!"

Ayeka cracked the whip again and it hit Yosho's chest while 
ordering, "Bow and call me queen!"

"Yes my queen!" He said while bowing.

Ayeka cracked the whip again and it hit Yosho's left leg 
while ordering, "Lick my boots and call me demigoddess!

"Yes my demigoddess!" He said while running his tongue 
quickly over Ayeka's right and then left boot.

Ayeka cracked the whip again and it hit Yosho's right leg. 
"Lick my navel and call me goddess!"  

Yes my goddess! He said while running his tongue across the 
small space on her belly.   

Ayeka cracked the whip one more time and it hit Yosho's 
left shoulder "Last one Yosho. Call me Mistress Ayeka and carry 
me over the threshold to your office!" She ordered with a slight 
hint of lust.            
  
"Yes Mistress Ayeka." Said Yosho as he picked up his 
princess and made his way to his office.

"What happens next Mistress Ayeka." Asked Yosho curiously 

"You'll find out my Yosho." She answered huskily as he 
reached the threshold. He stepped in and put her down gently on 
the floor.

"I want you to sit down with me and renounce your love from 
that other woman and announce your love to me." She commanded.

Yosho gazed into her purple eyes and said, "Ayeka I love 
you. I have always loved you since the day my own eyes saw you. I 
renounce my late wife and I curse the day for marrying her. She 
will never have a place in my heart. Neither does any other 
woman, besides you. You're the one who belongs in there. You have 
so much beauty I can't figure out how much you have in numbers. 
You have the sweetest eyes I've ever seen. You have stuck with me 
through thick and thin. I love you and I want you to be my future 
wife."

 "Ah Yosho, I'm loving every moment of this. Now it's my 
turn. I must now purify myself."

Ayeka gazed into his brown eyes and said, "Yosho I love 
you. I have always loved you since the day my own eyes saw you. 
As for your grandson Tenchi, no I don't love him like I love you. 
You have done something that Tenchi has never done for me. He has 
never given me any attention and any affection like you just did. 
He doesn't realize that I was in love with him. It is now too 
late, for my love is now yours Yosho. I have no room for him in 
my heart anymore. I renounce my love for him and give it to you. 
I love you and I want you to be my future husband."

Ayeka and Yosho looked at each other in their identical 
outfits. They both stood up and looked into each other's eyes. 
Without a word Yosho closed his eyes and Ayeka closed hers. They 
both leaned into each other's direction and kissed. Both prince 
and princess make loud smooching noises as they rubbed their lips 
together. Seconds later the kiss ended.

Yosho and Ayeka blushed slightly while looking at each 
other.

"Is the purification over?" He asked

"Yes" She replied huskily as she wrapped her arms around 
him.

"Oh, ok because I," Ayeka's lips silence him.

Yosho wrapped his arms around her as he leaned into the 
kiss. Ayeka and Yosho kissed a little more while letting out 
moans of passion. They broke the kiss for a little bit and then 
their lips descended again, while their hands began to roam their 
bodies. After a while of kissing, Ayeka said with a devilish 
grin, "Lets go to your room. Shall we?"

"Yes Mistress Ayeka" Answered Yosho as he picked her up in 
his arms and headed toward his bedroom in the back of the office. 
Yosho opened the sliding door and walked into the bedroom and set 
her on the bed. 

He took out some matches and lit a candle sitting on the 
dresser.

"Well Mistress Ayeka what do, Whoa!" He exclaimed while 
Ayeka grabbed him and pulled him on the bed.

"I want you Yosho. I want you. Yosho I need you, I need you 
now!" She said seductively.

She kissed him deeply and then rolled on top of him and 
began showering him with kisses. Yosho kissed her back each time 
her lips descended his. Ayeka began running her warm wet tongue 
across his face and said in between licks. "It my royal duty to 
clean my master when he's dirty." 

While Ayeka continued to lick his face, Yosho began running 
his hands through her soft hair and then brought them down to the 
leather top and began slightly feeling around her breasts against 
the leather.

Ayeka stopped licking and began to nibble on Yosho's ears.

Yosho moved his hands downward and began to rub on her 
royal belly and then he brought his hands behind her back, and 
back around to her shoulders.

Ayeka moved from his ears to his neck and began planting 
kisses all the way down to his collarbone.

Yosho reached up and kissed her shoulders and forehead 
while Ayeka took her hands and began stroking his hard cock 
against the leather thong he was wearing.

Yosho moaned slightly after that and to return the favor, 
he scooted underneath her and reached for her crotch and began 
rubbing the leather against her vagina.

Ayeka moaned at that and then she reached over and kissed 
him on the lips again and then she ran her fingers through his 
hair.

Yosho reached over behind her back and began tugging at the 
knot to her top. He almost got it loose, when Ayeka reached over 
and began tugging at the knot to his top. Within seconds both of 
the tops fell off of each other. Leaving them with a best look at 
each other's breasts.

Although Ayeka saw him naked recently while he was getting 
punished, she had never noticed how hansom and manly he was with 
that royal body. His breasts were flat and tough with two hard as 
a rock, nipples. He didn't have too much chest hair, but just 
enough for Ayeka to go Ga-Ga over.

Yosho on the other hand was already sweating with 
excitement and blushing at the same time as Ayeka' pure and 
wonderful, soft breasts capped with pink, rock hard nipples 
loomed into his view. Her breasts weren't as big as Ryoko's but 
they were much bigger than his late wife's, which was just the 
way he liked them.  

Ayeka and Yosho gazed at each other while their hearts 
increased their beating rate, with their sweat rate. Suddenly as 
if a firecracker was shot up both of their asses, they lunged at 
each other and immediately began kissing each other all over 
their faces and necks.

Yosho reached over and dug his hand into Ayeka's thong, 
feeling her now wet labia. Ayeka quickly spat in her hand and 
shoved it into his thong and began rubbing his hard penis with 
her saliva. Ayeka then moved downward to his crotch and untied 
his thong and yanked it off of him. She put as much of his penis 
as she could in her mouth and began sucking forcefully.

Yosho shut his eyes tightly as the giant wave of pleasure 
hit him. Ayeka sucked and sucked while rolling it around in her 
mouth. Suddenly his cock began to tingle and he shot large gout 
of cum inside of the princess's mouth, while crying "AYEKA!"

Ayeka swallowed it and climbed back up towards him while 
Yosho stuck his hand back inside her thong and rubbed against her 
soaking wet pussy. 

"Oh yes Yes Ah! Oh Yes! Yes! Yosho!" Ayeka let out a scream 
of delight when she had the orgasm. 

"YOSHO!" She cried while her juice started dribbling on the 
sheets.  

In a frantic state she quickly untied and yanked off her 
thong and climbed into his lap. She reached over and whispered in 
his ear. "Yosho, give it to me."

Ayeka scooted closer to him while readying her self to be 
fucked. Yosho did the same and suddenly they grabbed a hold of 
each other and began bouncing and bucking on the bed. Their 
breathing increased and so did their horniness. Ayeka quickly 
whispered into his ear. "This is it Yosho! This when the Jurian 
powers of love take over, and now they are in their highest 
level. That extra special thing that happens between us will take 
place soon!"

Ayeka began bouncing and bucking much quicker than before 
while Yosho was bending down and kissing her breasts and 
shoulders. He increased his rhythm and hugged her tighter. While 
the bouncing was happening, Yosho was slowly forcing his penis 
slowly through her vagina. Ayeka reached down and kissed his 
shoulders and neck while heavily breathing.

Suddenly Yosho's cock reached a ring of skin and was 
pressing hard against it. Yosho fucked harder and his cock broke 
through. At that point Ayeka let out a scream of real pain, 
"AAAHHHHYEEEEOUUUUCHHH!!!!!"

"Oh my God, Ayeka what's wrong?" Yosho asked frantically as 
he immediately pulled his cock out of Ayeka pussy that was now 
dribbling blood on the sheets.

Tears began dripping out of Ayeka's eyes as Yosho looked at 
the blood stained sheets.

"Yosho I'm a virgin. I've been saving my self for the right 
man all my life." She sobbed.

"Oh, No! Ayeka I didn't mean to hurt you, I, I, I'm sorry!" 
Then Yosho began to cry.
"Yosho why are you crying?" Asked Ayeka curiously between 
sobs.

"Its just that I've worked so hard to win your love back 
and, now I go do something like this to you. I've hurt you again 
like I did seven hundred years ago." He sobbed while hugging her.

"Yosho you didn't hurt me. In fact all women have to go 
through this when they make love for the first time. Even Ryoko, 
Mihoshi, Sassami, and Washu will feel this pain if their time 
comes but, it only lasts for a short time. After this, when we 
make love again I won't feel a thing except you giving me 
pleasure" She whispered.

They held each other for a while sobbing on one another's 
shoulders. After a few minutes Yosho broke the silence.

"Are you still hurting Ayeka?" Asked Yosho while wiping his 
eyes with his hands.

"No not anymore but, however your mistress wants you to do 
one thing for her." She said with sparkles back in her eyes.

"Yes mam?"

"Master Yosho I want you to lick me clean." She said 
pointing to her slightly blood soaked crotch.

"Yes Mistress Ayeka." Said Yosho as he immediately dove 
down into her crotch and began licking her vigorously.

"Oh Yosho! Yes! Yes!" Ayeka moaned as Yosho's tongue ran 
over her labia and in and out of her vagina.

"Yosho don't stop! Keep going! Said Ayeka. Yosho began 
licking the same area's over and over.

"Faster Yosho, Faster!" she ordered while pushing his head 
harder and harder against her crotch.

Yosho speeded up the pace. A trickle of juice slowly came 
out and he started licking it up. She tasted like sweet grapes 
with a hint of plum.

"Oh God Yes! Yes! Keep! Going! Yes!" Squealed Ayeka with 
delight.

Yosho licked harder and faster at her vagina. He licked as 
much blood and juice as possibly can off of her.

Ayeka then began to buck at his face while she got closer 
and closer to her orgasm.

"OH! YOSHO!" She cried with glee as her juice spewed on 
Yosho and the sheets.

She slowly quit bucking and then she stopped altogether. 
She scooted downward to his crotch while saying. "It my turn to 
clean you, Master Yosho."

She began licking his cock and his balls and then back to 
his cock again. Yosho began to feel that tingling feeling as 
Ayeka licked the blood and cum off of his penis.

"Oh Ayeka! Please Mistress Ayeka don't stop, please keep 
going!" He moaned as he felt Ayeka's fingers curl around his 
shaft. Her mouth descended once again and began to suck. This 
time she went really slowly, taking her  time, running her tongue 
over his shaft and letting her salvia drip on his balls. She 
giggled as his black pubic hair touched her nose.

"Oh Yes! Yes! Ayeka Oh! Yes! Yes! 
YYYEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!" He bellowed as he orgasmed once again 
into Ayeka's mouth.

Ayeka held his cum in her mouth while savoring its sweet 
and salty taste. She slowly arched her back and climbed up toward 
his face and planted a big wet one on his lips. She tasted her 
cum and at the same time Yosho tasted his.

With a sharp gulp she swallowed it, after kissing him.

"Mmmm Yosho, you taste so good." She whispered while, 
licking across his face with her tongue.

"Ah thank you. You taste delicious too, like grapes and 
plums."  He said sheepishly while Ayeka layed back on the bed. 
Her body was dripping with sweat and glistening in the 
candlelight.

"Master Yosho I want you deep inside me!" She said in a 
needful voice.

Yosho climbed on top of the sweat-drenched princess and put 
his crotch over her. Ayeka reached up and grabbed him and kissed 
him while getting a rhythm going. Yosho started moving to the 
rhythm while kissing her back.

Soon they were both humping and bouncing and bucking and 
fucking while screaming each other's names.

"OH AYEKA!" "OH YOSHO!" "OH AYEKA!" "OH YOSHO!"

Faster and faster went the prince and the princess. They 
were soon showering themselves with kisses and licks. Yosho 
whipped his long black hair around and around. Ayeka put her 
hands on her breasts while toying with her nipples. They both 
didn't have enough breath to say any thing so they let their 
breathing do the talking. Yosho pounded and pounded into the 
princess with all his might, with sweat raining down his back. He 
then began to reveal his exhaustion to Ayeka by his slowing of 
speed and sound of breathing.

Ayeka noticed this immediately and she said between pants 
"Let me finish this my master!"

She softly pushed Yosho off of her and they switched 
places. Ayeka straddled him and said "Yosho grab onto my breasts 
and don't let go!"

Yosho put his hands on her smooth breasts and he couldn't 
help feeling and squeezing them while he felt himself going 
deeper and deeper into her vagina. Ayeka and Yosho continued to 
fuck each other with their last remaining strength.

"OH! OH! OH! OH! OH! OH! OH! OH! OH! OH! OH! OH!" They both 
cried when their climax came closer and closer.

Suddenly they both orgasmed at once. Ayeka's juice went 
spewing all over the sheets and Yosho's cum went into her. They 
both screamed at that moment, 

"OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHH YYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS!"

After the orgasm, Ayeka and Yosho slowly stopped and 
suddenly collapsed on the stained bed with their nipples pointing 
to the heavens as if saluting Juri. After a few minutes of 
breathing, Yosho spoke up.          

"Thank you Ayeka. I'm so glad that you've chosen me over my 
grandson."

"Yes I admit that choosing between you and Tenchi was the 
hardest decision that I have ever made. I know now that I've made 
the right choice to pick you. I love you." Ayeka whispered and 
then she kissed him.

"And I love you too Ayeka." He said softly while hugging 
her.

 He yawned and said, "Well Ayeka it looks like we both got 
what we wanted."

"Yes Yosho, we got each other." She murmured while kissing 
him.

Ayeka slowly rolled over onto Yosho's right side and 
snuggled softly against the pillow. 

"Yosho lets continue our training tomorrow night when 
everybody is asleep." Ayeka said softly.

"Yes lets." Whispered Yosho as they drifted off to sleep.



Tada! My first lemon chapter is complete! That was Chapter 
Three of COME TOGETHER. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope Ayeka fans 
will be at least satisfied that she has a lover now. 

It was really tricky to write this kind of material without 
my parents or my brothers coming in and being really nosey about 
what I was doing on the computer. Don't you hate it when that 
happens? Anyway I'll have to risk it in order to keep my fic 
going. 

My birthday is on November 21, so I hope the lemon fans 
wish me a happy birthday!

Please tell me what you thought of my chapter by E-mailing 
me at spacevirgincabbit15@yahoo.com I WANT REVIEWS! OH TENCHI 
FANS!

Chapter four, "Juri Training!" will soon be on its way! 
Lots of lemon will be in this one!

This chapter was completed on November 20, 2001 

      

 

                        

     


  


    

              






    

    

     



	                             
	           
	
	 
	
		  


 
   

    

























   


     
        
    
      

 

 




    
