
	Hey! Wuz Up! The Space Virgin Cabbit is back! Sorry for the delay 
but with homework and tests in the way, I had been in a real pickle 
lately. But I overcame that and finished the second chapter of Come 
Together. 

First the formal garbage, AKA: the disclaimer: I do not own 
Tenchi Muyo and its characters or any other characters from different 
shows. I'm not making any money off these stories I'm writing so don't 
sue me! Besides I don't have anything that is worth suing me for 
anyway! So Ha! Ha! Ha! 

Now for the good stuff: It will be located at the end.  

All right! Enough with the boring talk. Go ahead and read the 
chapter.


COME TOGETHER-Chapter Two "Mihoshi's Friend"


We are friends
We are friends
We are friends to the bitter end

When you're alone
Who comes around?
To pluck you up
When you are down
And when you're outside, looking in
Who's there to open the door?
That's what friends are for!

Who's always eager to extend 
A friendly paw?
That's what friends are for!

And when you're lost in dire need 
Who's at your side at lightning speed?
We're friends with every thing
Comin' down the pike
In fact we never met an alien
We didn't like

So you can see 
We're friends in need
And friends in need
Are friends indeed
We'll keep each other safe
In the galaxy evermore!
That's what friends are for!


That's What Friends Are For: Unknown  


The figure Mihoshi was staring at looked like half human and, 
half cat. She was dressed in a gray cloak over her average Ctarl Ctarl 
uniform. She had the same blue eyes same height and same skin color as 
Mihoshi's. However she had long white hair that extended downward to 
her waist and was braided at the end with a gold ring.       

Mihoshi had recognized the figure on the screen as the moment it 
popped up.

"Its you! AISHA CLAN CLAN! I can't believe its really you!" She 
cried out with glee. "Oh God! I was hoping that I would be able to see 
you again!"

"Yes its me Mihoshi Kuramitsu! He! Hee! Damn! I've been trying to 
call you all morning long!" said Aisha excitedly wagging her catlike 
tail.

"Wow! It's been a long long time since I've seen or spoken to 
you. I'm so glad you've called me! Oh I've missed you so much!" Mihoshi 
squealed with delight.

"Yes I have too! Wow I've haven't seen you in years. So tell me 
what's been up with you lately?" Aisha asked while sitting forward in 
her chair.

"Oh nothing much except the usual raids and night shifts. Other 
than that everything has been hunky dory." Mihoshi grinned and said: 
"How about you?" 

"Nothing really cool happens over here in Hayfong, except 
watching Gene get into a pile of shit and everyone including me, has to 
go bail him out." Sighed Aisha "Even we have a grappler ship but, it 
runs like crap and it is such a fuel hog."

"How dare you call me that. I am the operating system of the XGP 
otherwise known as the Outlaw Star, and I have the best fuel mileage 
and the best systems in the Galaxy." Interrupted a computer sounding 
voice in the background.

"Hey Gilliam why don't you take an egg and beat it! Aisha yelled 
loudly, and then she mumbled. "God he can be such a pain in the ass."

"I beg your pardon. I am not a pain in the ass. I am Gilliam Two, 
the XGP's operational system."

"Hey, who is that?" asked Mihoshi curiously.

"His name is Blabber-Mouth, and he won't shut his pie hole, once 
he starts talking." Aisha replied.

"Excuse me but, like said before my name is not Blabber-Mouth, it 
is Gilliam Two. Plus I don't have a pie hole. I have a regular mouth 
like..."

"Arg! SHUT UP! Just SHUT UP! YOU FUCKING CRAPPY TIN CAN!" Aisha 
screamed at the pink miniature Gilliam.

"Pardon me but perhaps you didn't hear clear enough so I'll say 
it again. I'm not a fucking crappy tin can. I am Gilliam Two, the 
XGP's, Oh my!" called Gilliam excitedly as Aisha reached over onto the 
table and grabbed a hammer from Jim's toolbox.

"Grrrrr! If you say one more word I'll turn you into SCRAP! AM I 
GETTING THROUGH TO?! YOU SHITTY SON OF A BITCH!" she screeched while 
waving the hammer at him.

"Here! Here! Aisha. How many times must I tell you? I am not a 
shitty son of a bitch. I am," 

"TOAST!" Aisha shouted as she chased after the computer. However 
Gilliam got a head start and he quickly hid behind the couch against 
the wall.

"Hey Aisha why don't you give him a break and come back so we can 
talk." called Mihoshi. 

"Yeah you're right." She tossed the hammer on the floor and 
walked back to the visa phone.

"So anyway I've heard you've been searching for something called 
the Galatic Layline." 

"Yep, that's right. We went and saw it but it wasn't what the 
Ctarl Ctarl Empire expected. In fact the report I gave them made the 
leaders of the Empire so pissed off. They would not let me go back and 
get my salary as a resident officer. So now I'm stuck with Gene and 
everyone else right now until I find some special treasure that will 
prove to the Empire that I'm worthy to have my place in the Sun." 

"What does that mean, have you place in the sun?" asked Mihoshi 

"It means for Ctarl Ctarls, the Highest rank in the Empire. But 
I'm not even close to that yet, even when I graduated from the best 
university on the planet. I still haven't got any respect from the 
Ctarl leaders. Since I've um." Aisha bowed her head preventing Mihoshi 
from looking at the tears in her eyes.

"Since you graduated without honors." Mihoshi finished sadly.

"Yeah ever since then I was insulted in front of my family and 
former classmates. Plus I was treated like dirt and thrown out of the 
Empire and, I was forced violently to be a resident officer on a planet 
called Blue Heaven." 

She paused to wipe away a tear. 

"It was very hard to get even a bite to eat or to get an odd job. 
Actually you are the only friend that I told you when I graduated 
without honors. You haven't told anybody else that have you?" 

"No of course not. You and I only know." Replied Mihoshi

"Well thanks for keeping it a secret." Aisha grinned at her.

"Hey that's what best friends are for." Mihoshi grinned back. 
"Gee Aisha that is so sad. I'm sorry that all of that garbage happened 
to you." 

"Yea, thanks for caring." Said Aisha

"So tell me. When did you meet Gene and his crew?" asked Mihoshi

"Well I actually prefer talking about all that later." Said Aisha 
wiping her eyes with her hands.

"Oh ok. Hey, have you been on any wild adventures lately?"

            "Oh not really. We have been trying to get those other 
outlaws and pirates out of our hair. Other than that, Gene is always in 
debt with bills for just about everything, which really makes things 
dull and boring." Aisha replied. "God I wish I had your life for one 
day."

"No you don't Aisha. You don't won't my life." Said Mihoshi.

            "Why not your job has more action and adventure than being 
stuck with Gene and that oversized rust bucket. In fact it is way 
behind any Ctarl Ctarl ship I've ever seen." 

"I heard that." Said Gilliam from behind the couch.

"Hey shut up!" Yelled Aisha as she stuck her pink tongue at him.

"Yeah why not? You get to go on raids and you get your own ship 
and everything." She said turning back to the phone.

"Well because I've had enough problems on the job already." 
Answered Mihoshi

"Oh what kind of problems you've been having? Maybe I can help 
you." Aisha said sounding concerned.

"Oh I know you can. Its just they're personal and I want to talk 
to you about them later." Mihoshi replied   

"Alright that is fine with me Mihoshi. Remember though, we are 
best friends and we have been best friends since Elementary School. So 
if there is anything you want to talk to me about something, feel free 
to ask me anytime ok."

 You know I can just remember how you and I became friends like 
if it was yesterday." (Flashback, Aisha is telling it) "I remember when 
I was just a young Ctarl Ctarl cub in third grade. My parents had sent 
me to another school where you were, and I became a foreign exchange 
student over there. I had a lot of trouble trying to fit in with the 
kids of a different race and I always have gotten lost. The kids never 
welcomed me. Instead they would find any type of way to make fun and 
humiliate me. I got pushed around, tripped, slapped, kicked, and 
ignored. Those damn brats constantly picked on my voice, my ears, my 
tail, the color of my skin, and my race."  

Until finally you showed up and found me huddled in a corner 
sobbing my heart out during recess. You introduced yourself to me. You 
were the only person that talked to me at all. Anything I didn't have, 
you let me borrowed.  You were the only one who got picked on besides 
me. Mainly because you would rather hang out with a weird cat girl that 
has a high voice than, go along with the crowd. After that we grew up 
in the same school until we were freshmen in High School. For some 
strange reason, my parents decided to take me out of the school and put 
me back with the Ctarl Ctarls. On that last fateful day before I left, 
we holding each other and crying when we heard the bad news. I promised 
I would write to you and you would do the same. Finally when my parents 
came to pick me up I ran to the very back of the space ship waving and 
crying, I couldn't stop crying for a long time. I vowed that I would 
see you or here from you again." (End of Flashback)

"But now here I am standing in my best friend's presence that I 
haven't seen since I was a freshman. God! I wish I could give you a big 
hug right now!" She cried with glee.

	"I wish I could do the same." Sighed Mihoshi. Then a mischievous 
grin spread across her face.  "Hey do you remember the fun times we 
had, acting goofy during class?"

	"Um my memory is kind of rusty right now." Aisha replied 
scratching her head. "Can you fill me on the details?"
	
	"Sure I can. Mihoshi replied.

	"You and me would take out the textbooks and make fun of all the 
stupid looking pictures by, comparing them to teachers and other people 
we knew. Instead of working on the assignments on the board, we would 
also just whisper back and forth and pass notes to each other." 

	"Oh Yea that's right.  I remembered the time when we made 
spitball shooters. Oh boy that was so hilarious. The teacher found 
spitballs all over the board, the walls, her desk and all over those 
retarded looking posters." Aisha cackling loudly.  
 
	"And the whole time we were laughing and giggling while the 
teacher kept griping and complaining about the spitballs." Finished 
Mihoshi. "Hey Aisha how come we never got caught?"
	
	"Oh that was the easy part. Since I sat the closest to the trash 
can, you would pass your shooter to me and I tossed yours and mine in 
the garbage while the teacher searched people's book sacks." She 
replied. "By the way Mihoshi how did you manage to keep track of the 
places I lived at?"

"When you are with the Galaxy police, You can get your hands on 
any report or file in the station." Answered Mihoshi

"Wow that's pretty neat. Tell me where are you staying at, right 
now?" 

"Well, I'm staying at a friend's house. I would get my own place 
but I get lonely very quickly. So I stay over here with Tenchi and his 
dad, they don't mind at all."

"Is they're anybody else that lives over there besides you and 
the people you just mentioned?"

"Yep there sure is. There's Ryoko the space pirate and her mother 
Little Washu the smartest scientific genus in the Universe. Next there 
is Princess Ayeka and Princess Sassami from the planet Juri."

"Wow! I guess that all of the girls including you might be trying 
to hit on Tenchi aren't you?"

"Well actually I think personally Tenchi is cute and loveable but 
he is just not for me to go steady with. Besides with so many girls 
around, I would probably be knocked out of the running first. Washu and 
Sassami are not even close to win Tenchi's affection. Ayeka has shown 
some interest in Tenchi. However she fights over him and treats him 
like a piece of furniture. Ryoko is bound to be the winner in the end. 
She is always open about her true feelings for him and, she always 
manages to get his attention first. Plus she acts like his guardian 
angel. In fact the funny thing about her is that she told me that she 
knew Tenchi when he was a little boy and they also played together as 
he was growing up." 

"It looks like at least five girls are fighting over this one guy 
huh?"

 "Yep." Mihoshi said. "So have you found anybody such as that guy 
Gene you just told me about attractive in any way?" 

"Eww Yuck!" Aisha replied grimacing. 'You got to be pulling my 
tail. He treats me like shit all the time, even whenever we go on a 
mission." 

"Jim on the other hand is cuter than Gene but, he is only eleven 
years old. So basically I'm single but, I'm not really that desperate 
right now." She sighed. "How about you?"  

"Yep I'm single too. Nobody wants to go out with me anyway. They 
say I'm too much of a ditz."  

"Aw Mihoshi that's too bad." Sighed Aisha 

"Ah just forget it. I might find the right one some day." She 
said casually  

Mihoshi remained in silence for a while and then she asked. "Hey, 
where are you living at for now?"

"I'm kind of living with Gene and Jim on the Planet Hayfong, at a 
big beat up looking gray building with a giant yellow star on front. 
The name of the dump or as I should say Gene's craptacular business is 
Starwind and Hawking Enterprises. Hayfong is a very long way over here 
from the planet Earth. You would have to refuel your patrol ship at 
least three times to get there. Besides the parking fees are a total 
bitch."

"Is that a fact?" asked Mihoshi

"You bet your butt, it is." Replied Aisha

"Oh God that must be the pits for you. Hey do you want to know 
where I park my patrol ship when I'm off duty?" Asked Mihoshi as she 
started to giggle.

Aisha thought for a moment and gave up ten minutes later.

"All right Mihoshi I give up. Where do you park your patrol 
ship?"

"In the bottom of the lake, in front of the Masaki's house." 
Replied Mihoshi as she burst out laughing.

"Really! Your not kidding?" giggled Aisha as she pictured her 
best friend coming out of the pond, soaking wet, and complaining about 
her ruined uniform. 

"God damn it Mihoshi. Who do you get to repair your patrol ship 
every time it goes under water?" 

"I get little Washu to repair it for me for free." Answered 
Mihoshi with a grin on her face 

"Holy crap! You mean she fixes your ship with no charge?"

"Yep that's right Aisha."

"Oh shit! If Gene would have found he could have the Outlaw Star 
fixed for free, we would be over there with you already."

"Um sorry to disappoint you, but Little Washu has already 
informed me not to go tell people about this. If I did and she found 
out I did, she would never fix my ship for free again."
	
"Hey don't worry Mihoshi your secret is safe with me. I won't 
tattle tell on you, I promise."
	
"I know you won't Aisha, since you are my best friend in the 
whole Galaxy." She said smiling at her. 

Hey, I kept this CD in here for sentimental values." Mihoshi said 
as she began digging into a small compartment. "I'll play the first 
song on here. See if you can recognize it. You know it might bring back 
memories when we were freshmen."

Mihoshi reached over, picked up the CD case and put the CD in the 
player. 

"Ok now Aisha are you ready?"

"Yep I'm ready, go ahead and play it for me." Answered Aisha 
eagerly waiting for the music to start.

Mihoshi pushed the play button and cranked the volume level to 
the halfway mark. Suddenly some cool sounding guitars began playing 
through the speakers with an awesome beat. A couple of seconds later 
the drums and other instruments started playing. As that happened, a 
young man's could be heard singing the following words:

On a dark desert highway, cool wind in my hair
Warm smell colitas, rising up through the air
Up ahead in the distance, I saw a shimmering light
My head grew heavy and my sight grew dim
I had to stop for the night.
There she stood in the doorway
I heard the mission bell
And I was thinking to my self
This could be heaven or this could be hell
Then she lit up a candle
And she showed me the way
There were voices down the corridor
I thought I heard them say:
Welcome to the Hotel California
Such a lovely place (such a lovely place) such a lovely face
Plenty of room at the Hotel California
Any time of year (any time of year) you can find it here
Her mind is Tiffany twisted
She's got the Mercedes bends
She's got a lot of pretty, pretty boys
That she calls friends
How they dance in the court yard sweet summer sweat
Some dance to remember, 
Some dance to forget
So I called up the Captain
Please bring me my wine
He said 
He haven't had that spirit here since nineteen sixty nine
And still those voices are calling from far away
Wake you up in the middle of the night
Just to hear them say:
Welcome to the Hotel California
Such lovely place (such a lovely place) such a lovely face
They're living it up at the Hotel California
What a nice surprise (what a nice surprise) Bring your alibies
Mirrors on the ceiling 
Pink champagne on ice
And she said
We are all just prisoners here
Of our own device
And in the master's chambers
They gathered for the feast
They stab it with their steely knives
But they just can't kill the beast
Last thing I remember
I was running for the door
I had to find the passage back to the place I was before
Relax said the night man
We are programmed to receive 
You can check out any time you like 
But you can never leave  


All that was left of the song was just the instruments playing 
without words. 

"Oh my God! Yes I remember that one Mihoshi! That's Hotel 
California!" Aisha called out suddenly.

"Yep you're right. Boy I remember your parents couldn't stand to 
hear song, for some stupid reason. Every time we would play it in your 
room, your parents would scream for you to turn it off."

"Yeah that's my parents for you. They're so fucked up with having 
pride and honor with all the other Ctarl Ctarls so much, deep down it 
makes me sick." 

"Hey Aisha really, how come your parents hated that song so much 
in the first place?"

"Well for some dumb reason they believe it has something to do 
with demon worship and defying the god of Ctarl Ctarl just because it 
has the word beast in it."

"Boy your parents are weird. My parents didn't mind that song at 
all. In fact they even asked me to make a copy of it for them since 
they thought it was so cool."

"You're right about one thing Mihoshi it did bring back a bunch 
of memories!"
 
"Great! I knew it would. Hey! what memories did it bring back for 
you?"

"Um lets see I remember the time we drew on each other with 
permanent markers." Answered Aisha. "Hey do you remember what I drew on 
you?" 

"Uh huh, it was the Ctarl Ctarl symbol, in fact you drew it on my 
butt." Mihoshi answered. "What about the one I drew on you?"

"Yes I remember that one. You drew the Galaxy Police symbol on my 
butt too." Aisha replied. "You know what else I remember about this?"

"What?" asked Mihoshi as she noticed Aisha's face turning red.

"I remember what happened next after we wrote on each other. We 
then would rub our butts together to see if the symbols would stay on, 
or smear." She answered while blushing. 

"Oh yea I remember that. Our hands and butts were black all over 
after that." Mihoshi giggled. "You know it actually felt good and kind 
of tingling especially, when your butt was rubbing against mine. I was 
wondering if that, we ever meet each other in person, we could do that 
again, like the old times."  She asked while shutting off the CD 
player.

"Yea I want to do that again too. I remember about one time when 
we had a little sleep over at your house, during New Year's eve. It was 
just you and I. We stayed up until around one o clock talking, 
listening to music, and playing games." God! That was a fun night! 
Aisha said loudly.

"Oh, I remember our personal way of celebrating the New Year. As 
soon as my watch reached midnight, we danced around crying "HAPPY NEW 
YEAR!" We then exchanged hugs and sung a few songs. And then afterwards 
we did something that made me feel warmer and closer to you than I ever 
felt, since them first day I met you." Mihoshi paused as her face 
turned bright red.

"Oh yea I remember that part the best." Said Aisha as a wicked 
smile began forming on her face. "Do you remember too?"

"Yep, we helped each other undress and then we went to sleep butt 
naked, with me on top of you." Mihoshi replied blushing. "Um I can't 
help wondering why we did that but, I guess it was a way to make our 
friendship stronger." To tell you the truth it made me feel better to 
have my own best friend sleeping with me in the same bed.

"Would you like to do that again, if you want to?" Aisha asked 
calmly.

"Um Ok it would be fun to react our good old days, He He He." 
Mihoshi said while giggling nervously." 

Aisha then stared at Mihoshi and Mihoshi stared back at Aisha 
with a loss of words.

A couple of minutes later Aisha broke the silence.    

Um, So what planet are you on right now Mihoshi?"

"I'm on the planet Earth in Okoyama Japan right now. Mihoshi 
replied casually scratching the back of her head with her hand. "You 
said that you're on the planet Hayfong?" 

"Oh yes that's right, we were living on another planet a while 
ago, but Gene decided to move to Hayfong so he can get a better job, 
like that's ever going to happen. Aisha said with a toss of her head. 
Hey wait a minute. Did you say that those people Washu and Ryoko are 
living with you in the same house?" 

"Yep"

"Are their last names are Hakubi?"

"Yea why?"

"Well a business partner of Gene's called us about three weeks 
ago and told us that there is a large bounty for capturing each of 
them."

"Oh how much Aisha?"

"Five billion wong for Washu and six billion wong for Ryoko."

"Wow! Are you kidding?"

"Nope I'm not kidding. Ever since then Gene and Jim are just 
about working themselves to death trying to find the location or 
hideaways of Washu and Ryoko." Have you tried to capture them to get 
the bounty too?"

"Well actually no because they have helped me out several times. 
Although I can't remember when they did but, anyway they're my friends, 
just like you are Aisha."

"Oh well, so much for earning extra money." Sighed Aisha. "Anyway 
what time is it right now?" 

Mihoshi glanced down at her watch and replied. "It's only about 
eight thirty. Do you have to go somewhere? She asked looking back at 
Aisha.

"Um I'm not sure yet but I can still stay and talk right now 
until Jim wakes up so we go get a bite to eat. How about you?" 

"I can stay for a while but then I got go eat at nine."

"Tell me something Mihoshi I was wondering if I can come visit 
you? Please say yes!"

"Wow! Can you, I mean do you know how to get to Earth?" 

"I sure do it might take me a while but I can make it." I'll call 
and tell you when I'm coming Ok.

"Alright Aisha I'm so excited about this I can't wait to see you 
in person."

"Yea me too. Hey do you have any of the pictures we took since, 
we were freshmen back in high school?"

"Yes I put them in a photo album in the back of my ship." Mihoshi 
replied pointing her thumb behind her.

"Good maybe when I come over, I can look at them with you. Oh, 
Mihoshi can you give me your phone number so I can call you anytime?"

"Sure Aisha do you have a pen or pencil or any paper with you?"

"Nope. Hold on Mihoshi, real quick."

Aisha reached over, grabbed a pen and a piece of paper and, 
turned back to the phone.

"Ok shoot."

"The number you call for my patrol ship is 1-300-985-542-274-
0912-500-3061 if I'm not there call that number again but leave off 
500-3061 and add on 261-2215 and that will bring you to Tenchi's House. 
You got that Aisha?"

"Yep I sure do. Would you like to have the number I'm at right 
now?"

"Sure and don't worry I got a pen and a piece of paper so go 
right ahead."

"All right now the number for the Outlaw Star is 1-500-790-108-
746-5259-364-0909. If I'm not there then call Starwind and Hawking 
Enterprises by, taking off 364-0909 and add on 925-1907. So give me a 
buzz, if you need anything."

"Actually I do need something right now."

"Oh and what do you need?"

"I need you to come and see me. Mihoshi whimpered as a few tears 
trickled down her face. I have so many things I want to talk about that 
I can't tell you over the phone right now."

"Yea me too." Aisha sighed "I hope we would be able to talk or 
meet each other again."

"Hey wait a minute. Why don't you ask Gene if, you can borrow 
that grappler ship of his and fly to earth?"

"Aw shit! I really wish I can do that but Gene won't even let me 
park it. I don't even understand it. I've drove many Ctarl Ctarl ships 
before without even scratching them. I also passed the drivers 
education courses with flying colors."

"Well you know that is pretty weird. Why does Gene think you are 
going to wreck the ship?"

"Because Mihoshi, he is an asshole. All men that don't trust 
women that can do things right are assholes." Aisha replied angrily.

Mihoshi sat there for a minute in silence and then she replied 
"You know I agree with you. Men shouldn't treat women like that. In 
fact once in while I see Ryoko treated like that by Tenchi."

"Well he's an asshole in my book." Aisha said sternly

"Hey Aisha cut him some slack. He is always surrounded by four 
women (including me) and a girl, plus a cabbit that eats up all the 
carrots in the field. Besides when Tenchi gets mad at one of us, he 
turns right back around and, apologizes and explains why he did that so 
none of our feelings are hurt."

"Yea your right but still women can do things right just as good 
as men. I'll tell you how Gene acts with the Outlaw Star. He almost 
totals the ship ten times in one trip. He scraped the paint off the 
entire left rear side when he collided into the deck of a parking bay. 
He loses both grappler arms. And so on and so on. In fact, Jim kept a 
diary of all of the mistakes that Gene made so far. You would get a 
kick out of it." 

"Ok Aisha I see your point. Anyway though if you ever decide to 
come to Earth, how are you going to get here?"

"I don't know Mihoshi. I might hitch hike or something. Maybe I 
can join the GP force, so I can see you in person."

"Sorry, but you can't. You won't be able to unless you have 
properly trained by the GP academy." Replied Mihoshi.

"WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY!"

Mihoshi took a breath and replied. You can't join the GP unless 
you have been trained by the GP academy.

GRRRRRR! NAYA! NAYA! NAYA! NAYA! GOD DAMN IT! WHY CAN'T I COME 
SEE YOU?! Aisha sobbed as tears trickled down her face.  

"Oh wait a minute please! Aisha please stop crying! Oh please 
stop crying! Please stop crying! You're going to make me cry now!" 
Whimpered Mihoshi as tears began to well up in her eyes.

"Why can't there be any fucking way to come see you Mihoshi!" 
Cried Aisha with her head buried in her arms."

"I don't know." sobbed Mihoshi "I can't even go anywhere to on 
the weekends because my ship always breaks down and it needs a tune up 
every three days. But Don't worry you'll think of a way to come over. 
You always have." She said wiping her eyes with a handkerchief.

"Yea you're right. She sighed "Besides, I could steal a ship and 
go to Earth." Said Aisha while drying her eyes with her hands.

"Hey wait a minute Aisha I didn't say to use that way."

"I'm joking Mihoshi. I won't do that." She giggled

"Oh Okay I was just making sure. Hey how did you find out my 
number in the Galaxy Police directory?"

"Simple really I just called up Gene's business partner and got 
the information when I found out that you were working with the Galaxy 
Police department."

"Hey! That's pretty nifty. I'm so glad you found it. You've made 
my day." Said Mihoshi grinning.

"What's pretty nifty?" Came a yawn from the background.

Mihoshi saw a boy about Sassami's age, skin color and height. He 
had dark yellowish hair, blue eyes and he was wearing nothing but a 
pair of dark blue boxer shorts.

"Who you're talking to Aisha?" Asked Jim as he looked at the visa 
phone screen. 

"Oh hi. This is Starwind and Hawking Enterprises, where no task 
is too big or too small. Have you come to offer us a job?" He asked 
sleepily.

"Aisha is that Jim? Wow he's cute. I think princess Sassami would 
like him for a boyfriend. She grinned at him "God you look like you 
didn't get enough sleep."

"Yea I didn't go to bed until two am last night." He replied 
scratching his butt with his hand.

"Well why were up so late?" 

"I was doing the bills since Gene doesn't give a crap about paper 
work. He yawned again and asked, "What time is it?" 

"It is nine fifteen." Replied Mihoshi looking at her watch.

"Are you kidding?"

"Nope I'm not Jim. Anyway Aisha I better go. The breakfast is 
almost ready. I'm glad we got to talk I hope you can call me again."

	"Wait a minute. Don't you have a job for us? Miss um er "Hey 
what's your name anyway." Asked Jim

	"Oh my name is Mihoshi Kuramitsu. Sorry but I'm not here to offer 
you a job although I wish I could. I'm just Aisha's best friend. I 
haven't spoken to her in years."

"You mean no job?" 

"No job." Mihoshi answered shaking her head.

"Hey Mihoshi what days are you off?" Asked Aisha 	

"I'm off on Saturdays and Sundays. But for now I'm working over 
time to make ends meet." Mihoshi replied.

"You don't go to a church or something on Sundays?"

"Nope. What about you?"  

"There aren't any churches for the God of Ctarl Ctarls, on 
Hayfong, so I got a lot of free time on my hands. Usually I'm at work 
too trying to make ends meet also.

"Well what do you work as? Asked Mihoshi

"I'm a waitress at local restaurants. It's good enough pay for me 
to live on. The tips are fantastic. I get a lot of them, mainly because 
I'm blessed with such a wonderful bust." She replied grinning.
 
"Hey, I got go eat and get ready. Then I got to be at work in 
three hours." Said Mihoshi as she stood up. "I would love to hear from 
you again, so please call me."

"Ok I'll try as soon as I can."

"Bye Aisha!" Called Mihoshi. 

"Bye Mihoshi!" Called Aisha as Mihoshi faded from the screen.

"What was that all about?" Asked Jim as Aisha switched off the 
phone.

	"Nothing, it's a very long story." Aisha replied 

She turned toward Jim while wiping her eyes. 

"Wait a minute Aisha. How long did you spend talking long 
distance on the phone?" Jim asked suspiciously.

"Oh, only an hour." She answered.

"Aisha! What have you done?!" Exclaimed Jim while putting his 
hands on his head. 

"Don't you realize that it costs over five hundred wong a minute, 
to make a long distance call to another planet from here?! You're gonna 
owe us big time, to pay for that large phone bill!"   

	Jim angrily stared at the Ctarl Ctarl girl without a sign of 
guilt on her face

	"WELL WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO SAY FOR YOURSELF, THIS TIME!" He 
shouted.

"Hey lets go get something to eat, I'm starved." Aisha replied 
while giggling.

A huge sweat drop of annoyance trickled down Jim's forehead. 

(God I'm gonna need Gene to make her cough up the money.) He 
thought.

"You're always starving Aisha. You even eat like an animal." He 
said frustrated.

" An animal! Who are you calling an animal? Cupcake!" She yelled

"Aw I hate it when you call me that!" He yelled back

"Well I hate it when you call me an animal so we're even." Aisha 
replied grinning at him.  "You look like a white mouse with blur 
shorts. It looks like you're in a dire need of a tan." She said 
pointing to Jim's pale skin.

"Aw shut up! Aisha!" Jim yelled as he stomped off to get dressed

"Don't tell me to shut up!" She screamed back at him.

Aisha and Jim suddenly got started with one of their arguments 
that usually lasted a few minutes.  

Meanwhile back on planet Earth, Mihoshi was dancing around like a 
dimwit.

"Whoopi!"! I can't believe it! My best friend that I haven't seen 
in years, has still been staying in touch with me!" Mihoshi cried 
happily.

She didn't notice that she was dancing too close to the end of 
the dock and she ended up tripping on a bump in the wooden plank. 

"Whoa!, Whoa!, Whoa!, Ahhhhhhhh!" she screamed. 

SPLASH! In the lake Mihoshi fell. She came back to the surface 
and climbed back out, drenched with water and sod.

"Yaaaaach! I'm wet!" 

She took off her GP jacket and began wringing the water out.

"It's ruined!" She whimpered. "It's runt!"  

Just then Washu who had heard Mihoshi scream moments ago walked 
out of the house toward the dock.

"What happened to you this time Mihoshi? You're soaked.

"Oh nothing. I tripped and fell in the lake that's all. I'm going 
to go change clothes." Mihoshi replied casually, as she began stumbling 
back to the house. 

"That stupid Mihoshi gets dumber and dumber every time." Washu 
muttered as she followed her inside.

After Mihoshi changed clothes she walked into the dining room, 
and took her usual seat by the table. A couple of seconds later Tenchi, 
Ryoko, and Sassami walked through the front door, and headed to the 
kitchen with baskets full of carrots.

"Wow! We got good crop today huh, Tenchi. Said Sassami.

"She's right. I haven't seen so many carrots in ages." Ryoko said 
as they set the baskets on the counter.

"We'll go back and get the rest later. Right now lets go eat." 
Tenchi said as they walked into the dinning room.

They both took their usual seats right by Tenchi: Ryoko at his 
right and Sassami at his left. Washu came a few minutes later and sat 
between Mihoshi and Sassami. Then Katsuhito came and sat across of 
Washu.

"Hey wait a minute. Where is Ayeka?" Asked Sassami

"She's in my office right now taking a nap." Katsuhito replied.

"Hey! Is the food ready yet Sassami? I'm starving." said Washu

"Uh oh I forgot. Hey everyone I meant to tell you, that when I 
went out and picked carrots with Tenchi and Ryoko, I shut the stove 
off." Said Sassami while scratching the back of her head.  

Everybody groaned at that announcement. 

"Don't worry though, its ready but I have to re warm it." 
Reassured Sassami as she stood up.

"Excuse me. I was wondering if, I could have a carrot while I 
wait." Asked Katsuhito.

"Sure grandfather." Sassami answered. She then turned to Mihoshi 
and asked: "Hey Mihoshi can you give me a hand with the food?"

"Alright Sassami." She answered 

They both walked into the kitchen. Two minutes later, while 
everyone was still waiting for the food, heard Mihoshi scream: 
"AHHHHHHHH!!!! WE'VE BEEN ROBBED!!! ALL OF THE CARROTS ARE GONE!!!!"

Everybody except Katsuhito, got up and ran to the kitchen. They 
looked at the empty baskets with aggravation on their faces. 

"Aw God damn it! That was three baskets full!" Tenchi exclaimed

Ryoko snapped her fingers and said one name loudly. "RYO-OHKI!"

She quickly began looking for Ryo-Ohki's favorite hiding places 
but no cabbit or carrot crumbs were to be found.

"Shit! Where can she be?" Ryoko muttered as floated into the den. 
She suddenly noticed something orange on the wooden floor. She then 
turned her head towards the TV and hit jackpot.

Right beside the television set, was a large pile of carrot 
crumbs and a large moaning and groaning cabbit.

"Hey everybody I found the culprit!" Ryoko called out 
triumphantly.

Everybody else ran to the den.

"Whoa! Aw Ryo-Ohki you must have gained fifteen pounds already." 
She said bending over and picked up the much heavier bundle of fur.

"Ryo-Ohki! What a naughty cabbit you've been!" Scolded Sassami

The cabbit groaned and accidentally farted in her face.

"Peyew! You're bad!" Said Sassami holding her nose.

	"What a nuisance." Said Kasuhito while pointing at Ryo-Ohki. 
	
"Hey Washu is she going to be alright?" asked Tenchi

"Of course she'll be all right. Ryo-Ohki just has a big stomach 
ache, since she ate all of those carrots." Washu replied

"I hope she'll get better."

"Oh don't worry Tenchi she will." answered Washu. "It'll be just 
a matter of time before,"

At that moment before Washu could finish her sentence, Ryo-Ohki 
began howling and wriggling frantically, trying to get down from 
Ryoko's arms.

"Oh my God! Quick! Somebody open the door! I think she's going to 
be sick!" Ryoko yelled.

Tenchi ran to the door and tried the handle.

"Aw shit! Its locked!" 

"Where are the fucking keys?" Ryoko cried out

"They're on my dad's dresser!" Tenchi answered loudly

"Here hold Ryo-Ohki while I go get them!"

Ryoko shoved the now turning colors cabbit into Tenchi's arms. 
She quickly flew away and came back with a ring of a whole bunch of 
keys of different color, size and shape.

"Which one is it?" Ryoko yelled as she began thumbing through 
them.

"It's a small round brass key! Hurry up and find it!"

"Tenchi you got to trust me." She said calmly while her fingers 
went through key after key.

"Don't worry Ryoko I trust you." Said Tenchi 

"Hey I found it!" She cried triumphantly. 

Ryoko quickly shoved it into the lock and turned it to the left. 
The dead bolt went back into the door and she slid it open. Tenchi set 
Ryo-Ohki down and the cabbit ran outside howling its head off. She 
could not hold it any longer so she stopped in the middle of the path, 
squatted and dropped her load.

"Ewww! Gross!" Exclaimed everyone except Washu, as Ryo-Ohki had 
the biggest bowel movement that any cabbit ever had in the Guinness 
Book of World Records!

"Whoa!" Yelled Washu. "What a power dump!"

She was quite amazed at the amount of terds that Ryo-Ohki was 
producing, for such an animal that size. The cabbit's first terds were 
hard, but as more came they became softer and softer until, they became 
mush and as she finished up nothing else came out except brown liquid. 
The odor of her droppings got to her nose and as a result caused her to 
vomit. When Ryo-Ohki finished that she slowly made her way into the 
shade and fell asleep.

"Ryo-Ohki will be fine after she wakes up." Said Washu walking 
into the house. She came back with a plastic fork and a small 
container.

"Hey what are you going to do with that?" asked Tenchi

"Well like I said before. I am a scientist and once I see a 
mystery I can't leave it unsolved. Especially when I needed some cabbit 
droppings for an experiment on Ryo-Ohki I might do later. Maybe I can 
make a vaccination for a virus that cabbits sometimes get." 

Washu bent over and put on some rubber gloves and, an air mask. 
With the fork she stabbed the terds and put them in the container. 
Everyone was watching with disgusted looks on their faces. Once Washu 
was finished she walked right past them and into the house."

After a short silence Mihoshi broke it. "Hey everyone I'm hungry. 
When can we eat?"

"Uh all right lets go eat then." Said Sassami although, her and 
the others had already lost their appetites. 

They walked back into the house and sat back down while Sassami 
and Mihoshi served the food. Unfortunately Tenchi, Ryoko, nor Sassami 
felt like eating at all. On the other hand Washu and Mihoshi cleaned 
their bowls and plates.

In the meantime while everyone else was eating, Princess Ayeka 
was enjoying a peaceful slumber in Katsuhito's bed. 

Chibi suddenly got up and crawled towards Ayeka and he began to 
lick and paw at her face. "Oh not now little kitty I was having such a 
wonderful dream." Ayeka yawned as she slowly pushed the cat away from 
her.

"Meow" Said Chibi as he rubbed his head against Ayeka's hand. 

"Oh all right I'll let you out." She sighed. "You probably have 
to use the yard anyway."

Ayeka slowly climbed out of Katsuhito's bed and stretched her 
arms.

"Oh I feel so stiff." She groaned as she slowly walked towards 
the sliding door.

The cat followed Ayeka through the door and, trotted down the 
steps into the meadow.

Ayeka looked over the horizon of the lush green forests with awe.

"Ah! This has always reminded me of my home planet Juri." She 
whispered blissfully to her self.

"Excuse me Princess Ayeka but, maybe you should wear more than 
just underwear if you're going for a walk outside." Came a chuckle from 
behind her.

Ayeka turned around and saw Katsuhito starring at her.

"Oh how dare you!" She snapped, while trying to cover her self 
up.

"Ah come now. That is no way to talk a person who loaned his own 
bed to a beautiful figure of royalty."  Said Katsuhito while grinning 
at her.

He walked up towards the princess and bowed in front of her. 

"I had our food sent up to the shrine, so you wouldn't have to 
walk all the way down those steps."

"Why, thank you very much for that." Ayeka replied

"Oh by the way how are your legs feeling?" Asked Katsuhito

"Oh, they're quite all right now. Thank you for asking." Replied 
Ayeka.

Kasuhito began staring at the stark naked princess in her violet 
lingerie without uttering a sound.

	He caught himself and said: "Um Princess Ayeka I would like to 
have a word with you in my office, if you don't mind." He said calmly 
while blushing."

	"No I don't mind at all Lord Katsuhito." She replied. 

	Katsuhito took her by the hand and they slowly walked into the 
office while closing the sliding door behind them.

	
That was Chapter Two of COME TOGETHER. I hope you enjoyed it. I 
kind of have a temporary case of writers' block for now, so I decided 
to close it right there. Another Chapter will soon be in the works. 

Oh by the way the good stuff that I was talking about in the 
beginning is this: Chapters three and so on will be either lime or 
lemon. No more tart Chapters. Thanks for being patient.

I wonder if anybody has figured out what I'm trying to accomplish 
with this fic?
 
Oh also I meant to tell you. I was known as the alias Michael 
"caddyman," Vidrine, but that wasn't my real name at all. 

I just made up that name and E-mail address so I could post a 
piece of shit fan fic with great ideas on the archive. I did that for a 
little experiment for myself. I wanted to see how people would react to 
such a stupid pen name and crappy gramar. "So for now on just call me 
my real and true name; Space Virgin Cabbit. Ok!  

Anyway, PLEASE! Tell me what you thought of Chapter Two, by E-
mailing me at spacevirgincabbit15@yahoo.com I'll except anything. I'M 
DYING FOR REVIEWS HERE, PEOPLE! 

	I would also desire for people who read chapter one and chapter 
two of COME TOGETHER, to try to make some predictions on what might 
happen later. Please send them to ME!

P.s

Chapter Three, "Royal Brother and Sister" is on its way!
 
This chapter was completed on October 7, 2001. 


 
         
                 

  
       
  

 
             

 


 
                  
      

     
	

 
    

   

  
  
   
                        
               
   
  
  


