Hey Tenchi Fans! My name is Space Virgin Cabbit. I am writing a 
fanfic about my favorite anime show Tenchi Muyo! I started watching 
Tenchi Muyo as soon as it premiered on Cartoon Network's Toonnami		

Ok now to better happier occasions. 	

	This series of mine is called "Come Together" It takes place in 
the OVA Universe after episode 13#, Here comes Juri. The setting of the 
first chapter begins at eight-o clock in the morning.

I have to warn you that this series has cursing, obscene 
gestures, nasty words and all kinds of crap that little kids are not 
allowed to look at. So if you're little you should not be looking at 
this at all. 

Also look out for cartoon and Anime characters that costar in my 
series. Hey! Some of them might become part of my series. Plus I have a 
special picked theme picked for each chapter! Oh and one more thing. 
All of the characters in my series, costar and permanent when the 
series begins will be legally mine lock, stock, and barrel Ha! Ha! Ha! 
Ha! Ha!

There will be a few familiar elements from the other series, see 
if you can recognize them. 

Disclaimer: I was just joking on that other sentence. I don't own 
Tenchi Muyo or any of its characters. (Shit! I wish I did.) I just made 
up these stories for fun. 

I'm not making any profits off of this so: DON'T SUE ME! YOU SHIT 
HEAD FUCKSTICKS!	

	I think I said enough for now 

SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO...
	
ON WITH THE STORY!

COME TOGETHER-CHAPTER ONE: "The Accident" 

Warning!: This is a lemon so watch out for eavesdroppers while 
reading this fic!

Broken lines, broken strings,
Broken threads, broken springs,
Broken idols, broken heads,
People sleeping in broken beds.
Ain't no use jiving.
Ain't no use joking.
Everything is broken.
Broken bottles, broken plates,
Broken switches, broken gates.
Broken dishes, broken parts,
Streets are filled with broken hearts.
Broken words never meant to be spoken,
Everything is broken.
Seem like every time you stop and turn around,
Something else just hit the ground.
Broken cutters, broken saws,
Broken buckles, broken laws,
Broken bodies, broken bones,
Broken voices on broken phones.
Take a deep breath, feel like you're chokin',
Everything is broken.
Every time you leave off and go some place,
Things fall to pieces in my face.
Broken hands on broken ploughs,
Broken treaties, broken vows,
Broken pipes, broken tools,
People depending on broken rules.
Hound dog-howling bullfrog croaking,
Everything is broken.


Bob Dylan: Everything Is Broken


Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! 
Beep! Beep!

Tenchi sat up in bed and yanked his alarm clock out of the 
electric socket. 
 
"God! I hate waking up to the sound of that every morning." He 
grumbled. 

Tenchi tossed the clock on the floor, with a sigh. 

"Pretty soon Ryoko will be here." He said to himself while 
stretching his arms. 

Tenchi waited a while and, then he began to count down. "10, 9, 
8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1."

Suddenly he heard a loud voice.

"YAY-HOO! TENCHI!"

Tenchi quickly looked at the cyan hair girl standing in his 
doorway with mischief in her gold eyes.
 
(Oh no! Here she comes!) He thought as she leapt into the air.

"WHOA!" He cried out as Ryoko landed on the bed with a loud: 
"OOOMPH!"

She crawled toward Tenchi and put her face in front of him.

"Morning Tenchi." She said softly while rubbing her nose against 
his.

"Uh, Ryoko. What are you doing on my bed?" He asked, not able to 
stop staring at her eyes.

"I came to wake you up silly." She replied, while phasing under 
the covers. 
 
"Ryoko, you know I can get up by myself." Said Tenchi. 

"Well I came to help you. Washu told me that little boys have 
trouble getting up in the morning by themselves." She murmured while 
cuddling close to him.

"Now wait a minute, that's not true. Besides I am not a little 
boy anymore." Tenchi protested but Ryoko put her finger against his 
lip.

"Shhh No need to discuss this Tenchi. Besides you'll feel like a 
big boy when I finished with you." She replied as her hands began 
moving to Tenchi's private areas.

"Hey stop that Ryoko." He exclaimed while pulling away from her 
to the edge of the bed.

"What's a matta?" She asked in a phony concerned voice. "Did the 
big beautiful demon scare wittle Tenchi, huh? Well don't you worry, I'm 
not going to do anything to you..yet.

Ryoko just layed on the bed close to Tenchi for the next three 
minutes. Afterwards Tenchi breathed a sigh a relief, but it suddenly 
turned into a gulp as Ryoko began to advance upon her prey.

"It's time to play with my treasure." She said giggling

(Uh! Oh! I'd better think of something quick!)

Only one idea popped into his head.

(God! I hope this works!) He thought.

Tenchi sat up and pointed at the wall. "Hey, what's that outside 
the window?" He asked. 

"Oh wow! Where? I want to see." Ryoko said turning to what Tenchi 
was pointing at.

While she had her back turned for the moment, Tenchi quickly ran 
out of his room. 

"Man I can't believe she fell for it again!" He snickered. "I'm 
out of here!"

   	He stopped when he reached men's bathroom.
 
"Well that's that. Now for a nice morning bath." Tenchi sighed 
triumphantly  

The lock on the doorknob clicked suddenly and Tenchi's father, 
Noboyuki stepped out. 					

"Morning Tenchi." He said half asleep while heading towards the 
stairway, with a porn magazine tucked under his arm. 

The odor stung Tenchi's nose and he quickly closed the door to 
ajar with a look of disgust.
	
"Phew! Hygiene or no hygiene I'm not going in there." He said 
holding his nose. "My bath can wait for a while anyway."
	
Tenchi heard the TV blasting downstairs in the den, and he 
noticed that Sassami and Mihoshi were sitting in Indian Style playing a 
Digimon Digital Monster video game. 
	 
"Oh no, I'm toast!" Cried Mihoshi as Sassami finished her playing 
character within a few seconds.
 	
"Oh poot!" She said frustrated "That's seventh time you've beat 
me."			
"Well I warned you that I'm an expert at this game." Said Sassami 
with a giggle.

"Oh yea just you wait, I'll get you yet!" Mihoshi said as started 
punching buttons on the controller.  				
	
Suddenly Katsuhito entered into the den.
	
"Ah Miss Mihoshi. I have been looking for you." He said with a 
bow
	 
"Yes Sir." She answered while getting ready to play another 
round.
	 
"There is a call for you in your spaceship. It is sounds very 
urgent and it can't really wait."
	 
"Ok, I'll be right there. Sorry Sassami I got to go tend to some 
business for now, ok. After I do that, I'll come back and play with 
you."
	
"Ok." Sassami replied absently with her eyes glued to the screen.
	
"Mihoshi quickly put on her GP high heel boots, and rushed out 
the door.
	
Sassami then turned from the TV and looked at Katsuhito with 
hopeful eyes. 

"Grandfather would you like to play with me?" She asked while 
pointing to the TV.
	
Katsuhito walked towards Sassami and sat down. "I have some time 
on my hands so why not?" He replied.

He bent over and grabbed the controller, when suddenly something 
in his bladder told him he needed to go. 
	
"I'm so sorry but I have to run to the restroom, but I'll be 
back, Ok." He said while standing up.
	
Sassami sighed dejectedly "Ok fine then. Besides I need to get 
breakfast going."
	 
Katsuhito placed game controller on the carpet and quickly headed 
upstairs to the bathroom, while Sassami walked into the kitchen to 
prepare the food.

 	"Oh my, do I have to go." He mumbled while rushing past Tenchi, 
who was still standing in the hallway.			

"Hey Grandpa!" Tenchi called out trying to get his grandfather's 
attention. 			
"Just a minute Tenchi." he called back.  

He ran into the bathroom and slammed the door. 				
	

Tenchi chuckled. "Boy, I guess he did have to go." 			
		

Meanwhile back in Tenchi's room. Ryoko was still staring at the 
window trying to find the thing that Tenchi was pointing to.

 	"Hey I don't want to miss anything." She said out loud. 

A couple of seconds later Ryoko realized that he had tricked her. 
Especially when she turned back around to find that Tenchi was gone.

"Grrrrrr! Damn it! I'll get him!" Ryoko snarled as she flew into 
the hallway.

She quickly flew out of the room and phased right in front of 
Tenchi. 

"Hey! That's no way to treat a lady!" She growled with her fists 
clinched. 							
Tenchi stopped chuckling at the sound of her voice, as a big 
sweat drop trickled down his face.

Ryoko jumped up and tackled a yelping Tenchi to the floor.
						
"You stupid baka." She whispered in his ear. "You should know 
better not use the same trick on space pirate like me."

Tenchi struggled to get up but Ryoko held tight to him, by 
wrapping her hands and feet around his. 

Tenchi took a deep breath and sighed. He was captured, again.

"Now Tenchi. Where were we, before you interrupted us?" She asked 
softly.

"Um I don't know." Replied Tenchi. 

"Never mind." Said Ryoko. "I'll start over. Did you sleep well 
last night?" 		
"Um I a oh I slept um I slept fine last night um thanks for 
asking." He said nervously hoping that Ayeka wouldn't happen to come 
down the hallway to catch Ryoko all over him.		

Ryoko dropped her voice to a whisper. "Tenchi why are you still 
afraid of me? I won't bite." 	 
	
Tenchi's face turned red at that. "Um I'm not afraid."
	
"Well then why aren't you looking at me?" She asked softly

"I can't really face you because you're laying on top of me. 
Can't you get off?" He pleaded.

Actually she wasn't that heavy, only a couple pounds less than he 
was.

(Hmmm this is fun.) Ryoko thought. (He is so cute when he begs 
for mercy. But in this case I'll give him a break. Besides I have 
another trick up my sleeve.)

"Ok Tenchi you win." She replied letting a smile slip out.

"Thank you." He said

Ryoko climbed off of Tenchi. As soon as he was standing up she 
pounced back on top of him.

"Hey, Ryoko get off!" Yelped Tenchi. 
 
Ryoko dug her bare toes between his, in order to stop him from 
kicking.

"I forgot to tell you something, my Tenchi." She whispered into 
his ear. "You have fooled a very powerful pirate for a short time. Such 
an act of bravery like that, coming from you, should be rewarded." 

"Um that's very nice of you Ryoko but.." Said Tenchi but Ryoko 
interrupted him.

"Be quiet." She said sternly. "I'm trying to think of the perfect 
reward that would be the best for you. Now let me see." (Hmmm what 
would be a perfect reward for him?)  

Tenchi realized that he wasn't going anywhere for a good while. 
Which unfortunately would cause him to be late for breakfast. Ayeka 
would be really sore at him. Plus if she ever found out about Ryoko 
giving her rewards to him, it might spark another catfight between both 
of them.  At the same time however he was also very curious about his 
so called reward.

Tenchi did not have to wait long to find out. 

Suddenly Ryoko said out loud: "Ah Ha! I got it Tenchi! The 
perfect reward, just for you."

She climbed off of him with one arm still wrapped around his 
waist. She then sat down in an Indian style and pulled Tenchi into her 
lap.

"Um Ryoko what exactly is the reward you're going to give me?" 
Asked Tenchi nervously.

"You'll see." answered Ryoko. "So chill out and enjoy it." 

She turned her head around to check for any intruders.

(Yes! No sign of anyone yet, so I'm good to go.) She thought.

Ryoko snapped her fingers, and out of nowhere a large plastic 
bottle appeared in her hand. She then unscrewed it and pushed the mouth 
of the bottle at Tenchi's nose.

"Here take a whiff of this."

The sweet aroma of tropical fruits drowned his nostrils.

"Wow, that smells nice. So is that my reward? A bottle of 
perfume?" He asked.

"Oh no Tenchi." Ryoko replied. "That's only half the fun. Here, 
lie down for me." She commanded pointing to her lap.

Tenchi obeyed her.

Ryoko then stared at his T-shirt silently as if she was thinking 
of something.
	 
"Good boy Tenchi but that has got to go."
	 
"What has to go?"
	 
Ryoko didn't answer him; instead she grabbed the top of his shirt 
and jerked it off of him.
	
"Whoa! Hey what are you doing?" 
	 
"Relax Tenchi. How am I going to give you a massage when you're 
wearing a shirt?"

"A m ma ma  masage?" Tenchi nervously stuttered out loud.

"Yes that's right Tenchi, a massage." Said Ryoko "Have you ever 
had one?"

"Um not that I know of." Replied Tenchi. (Uh oh, I already know 
where this would lead to.) "Is that where you have to get (gulp) 
naked?"

"Hmm get naked? Hey good idea Tenchi." With that Ryoko yanked her 
dress off and tossed on the floor. 

"So tell me. How do you like my new lingerie?" She asked, turning 
his head towards her.

Tenchi's eyes got really big as he stared at the sight that most 
kids his age would kill to look at.

Ryoko had on a midnight black bra, (that was exposing practically 
half of her breasts) and a pair of midnight black panties. Tenchi also 
noticed that a tiny bit of cyan pubic hair was sticking out from them.

"I just bought it yesterday evening for a little surprise." She 
said with a smile

Tenchi felt a little bit of blood trickle down from his nose as 
he stared as if hypnotized by the beautiful girl's perfect body.

"You know I would take off my underwear too but this isn't really 
a good place to do it." She added while her teeth sparkled in the 
morning light.

Tenchi was still staring at her, not saying anything. A small 
trickle of drool began running down from his lips to his chin.
 
(Yes! I got him right where I wanted) She thought happily. 

"Anyway thanks for the idea. I feel much comfortable now. In fact 
since you did that I'll make your massage an extra fifteen minutes 
long." Said Ryoko as began pouring the orange cream in her hands.

She silently started rubbing him down with the cream. The 
tropical odor was now filling up the hallway.  
	
"Wow this really feels good." Tenchi said after a while out loud. 
"Oh God I never had been pampered like this before."   

"Well now you have, by the most wanted space pirate in the 
universe." She whispered

Ryoko's hands went up, down, and around his back. She then softly 
tickled his shoulder blades with her fingernails. She also added more 
cream when she couldn't rub him smoothly. 

Finally Tenchi decided to take advantage of it for a little bit.
	 
"A little bit lower please."(A minute later) "A little bit higher 
please."(A minute later) "Please do it harder."(A minute later) "Hey 
can you rub my shoulders too?"
	 
"Hmm you're a fast learner Tenchi." Ryoko cooed as she obeyed 
each one of his requests.
	
(Wow this is it! I'm finally getting Tenchi all to my self.) 
Ryoko thought triumphantly while she rubbed his back.

Seeing Tenchi so relaxed in her lap, Ryoko suddenly had an urge 
to bend down and kiss him. Unfortunately she might get that cream on 
her lips, and it would probably taste nasty.  

In the mean time while that was going on, Katsuhito had already 
finished urinating into the commode. 

"Ah that's better." He said with a sigh of relief.

He bent down to flush the toilet when a bunch of terds, urine, 
toilet paper, and cum floating in the bowl, caught his eye.

"Oh my lord, this very nasty. Hmm I wonder what kind of infidel 
would be so lazy not to flush the commode after he's through?" He said 
outloud. 

Katsuhito noticed some coupons to order porn magazines were lying 
on the top of the toilet.
	
"It's seems like my perverted son in law is the culprit for this. 
I'll have to scold him when he gets back." He sighed while pushing the 
flusher down.

	"Well that's that." He said, while walking to the door.	

The shit pile churned and swirled but it didn't go down. Instead 
it went up and began spilling on the floor. 

	 Katsuhito heard it hit the floor and he quickly ran back 
slipping and slidding in the mess.

	"Oh God! How in the world do you get this thing to shut off!" He 
muttered holding his nose. "Oh wait! Now I remember!"  
	
He reached behind the toilet and turned the valve, ignoring the 
crap that was already raining down on him.

	"Come on! Come on! Please!' Katsuhito begged. However he did felt 
silly talking to a toilet.

Finally he managed to shut off the water, ending the flowing 
river of stinky waste.

"Oh my. Look at this mess." He sighed gazing at the floor "I 
guess I have to clean it up then."

Back in the hallway Tenchi was blissfully enjoying his reward. 
Ryoko treasured each time when he grinned and said "Oh Ryoko that feels 
good." His massage was only halfway over when he began to feel sleepy.

Ryoko noticed that too and a new idea popped into her head. (I'll 
get him to fall asleep so we can go take a nap his bed.) She thought 
slyly.

With her right hand she kept rubbing his back but with the other 
hand she reached over and began rocking Tenchi back and forth ever so 
slightly. That in turn caused to make a large yawn.

While waiting for him to fall asleep, Ryoko this time was taking 
no chances. She formed a double, and sent it down the hallway to make 
absolutely sure that the princess was still shut up in her room, where 
she belonged. 

The double came back a minute later and said, "That bitch is 
still asleep." She reported giving the real Ryoko thumbs up.

(Alright! So far everything is going my way!) Ryoko thought 
happily.

She did not see the Princess of Juri open her door and began to 
walk down the hallway a few minutes later. 

Ryoko was massaging him which in turn got Tenchi so relaxed that 
his eyes were half way closed and it looked like he was about to fall 
asleep. Before he would drift off into La La Land he whispered out one 
more time (not realizing that Ayeka can hear him) "Oh that feels so 
good Ryoko."

	Fury was on Ayeka's face big time, as she stared at Tenchi and 
Ryoko in their underwear.
	
(How dare her! That horrid witch to strip Lord Tenchi naked and 
do filthy, disgusting acts on him! I'll put a stop to this right now!) 
She thought angrily.    

"Come on Tenchi, time for bed." Ryoko said softly as she wrapped 
her arms around her prize and prepared to teleport to his room. 

"Take your hands off of him this instant!" Ayeka barked loudly.

Tenchi woke up instantly to the sound of her voice
	
Ryoko ignored the Princess's command.

"Didn't you hear what I said! You she-demon!" She yelled stamping 
her foot.
	
"No, and can't you be any nicer to me? All you ever do is shout, 
bark, and whine when you are talking to somebody." Ryoko said as she 
stood up with Tenchi to face her pain in the ass. 
	 
"You better take that back you ugly thing." Ayeka growled with 
clenched teeth.
	
"Make me Miss Pissy Prissy Pants." Ryoko snarled back.
	
"What in hell's name did you call me!?" Ayeka shouted.

"You heard me." Ryoko replied sneering at the princess  
	
"Hey, stop it you two, this is not a sitcom." Tenchi called out.
	
"Excuse me lord Tenchi this woman is putting her hands all over 
you. Don't you find that a bit offensive?" Ayeka asked while turning 
towards Tenchi.

Tenchi was about to speak but Ryoko quickly cut him off.
	 
"He likes it." She said smiling.
	 
"Hmph! That is not the Jurian way to show affection to other men 
Ryoko!" Ayeka snapped loudly. 
	
"Well Tenchi finds no problem with my ways at all. Isn't that 
right Tenchi?" Ryoko asked while patting him on the head.
	 
"Um.I guess." Tenchi replied sheepishly. 
	 
"See I told you so." Said Ryoko
	 
"You know Ryoko giving somebody a massage is not really a lovable 
approach." Ayeka said calmly.
	
"Oh is that a fact? Tenchi said it feels good." Retorted Ryoko.
	
"Ah come now and be serious. I already know what your you are up 
to. You're just getting him all buttered up. So he can lust after you 
but he won't love you in the end of course. So give up, that little 
scheme of yours is not going to work." Ayeka said with a haughty laugh. 
	
"Ha! Oh, now I have seen everything. A rich princess from Juri is 
now telling a bunch lies to a space pirate like my self." Ryoko 
smirked.
	
"How dare you call me a liar Ryoko! I come from a very well to do 
family on where lying is strictly prohibited and it has very severe 
consequences." Said Ayeka sharply.

"Hey is that Juri's Royal Family?" called Ryoko as she pointed to 
the window
	 
"Oh my God!" cried Ayeka as she turned away to look.
 
"See ya sucker!" Ryoko yelled as she quickly grabbed Tenchi and 
flew with him down the stairs.
	 
"Hey Ryoko!" Tenchi called out at her. 
	 
"Relax Tenchi and enjoy the ride." Ryoko said.  

She set him down on the floor in the den and turned around to 
look at the results of her move. 

The princess was now quaking with rage. She made the meanest face 
she could think of, by exposing her white teeth. She raised her right 
hand making a fist and, popped her middle finger up at the pirate. 

"Fuck you! Fuck you and that carrot eating ship of yours!" She 
screamed. 
	 
"My are we using very strong words today! So why don't you shut 
up? Besides Tenchi wouldn't want listen to a grouchy chatterbox like 
you!" Ryoko yelled back.   

A double came out of her body and stood at the foot of the 
stairs.
	
"Oh by the way princess, here is my opinion on the royal family 
of Juri!" she yelled as the double and her flipped the princess the El 
Birdo.
	
"Please girls let's just stop all of this mess right now." Tenchi 
begged as Ayeka started summoning her Juri powers.  
  	
"Ryoko, you gruesome daughter of a bitch! You've tricked me! 
You've also defied Juri's royal family! Just for that I'll teach you 
some manners that you will never forget!" She snarled at the space 
pirate while ignoring Tenchi's pleas.   
 
"Ha! Give me your best shot, you old maid!" Ryoko yelled back

Ayeka shot down a blast of beefed up Juri power at her foe. Her 
double went back into Ryoko as she powered up her force field and 
bounced the blast back to Ayeka's direction. The deadly blast headed 
straight for her. Ayeka quickly turned toward the nearest door and 
began hauling ass, slamming it behind her 
	 
"Ha! Ha! Ha! Serves you right for trying to take my Tenchi away 
from me!" Ryoko yelled triumphantly, wrapping Tenchi in a big strong 
bear hug.  
	
The princess ran inside the bathroom not realizing she's barefoot 
and the floor is covered with shit. 
	
"Oh my! This floor is so filthy!" She exclaimed while feeling her 
self slip. She struggled for balance by grabbing hold of the sink.
	
"Ryoko why did you do that to Ayeka?" Tenchi asked while they 
walked back up the steps.

"Because I won't let that snobbish princess take my cute Tenchi 
away from me that's why." 

Tenchi took a deep breath and said. "Ryoko have you ever stopped 
to think about all the damage that will cost Dad a fortune to repair, 
when you two keep picking violent fights with each other?"
	
"I don't care. Besides your father is a pretty good sport about 
all of this ever since I came to live with you." Ryoko replied

"Look, I'll talk about all this with you later, but for right now 
lets go eat." Tenchi said.  

"Alright Tenchi. Besides I'm starved." Ryoko said licking her 
lips.

"Hey are you coming down to eat with us Ayeka?" Tenchi asked out 
loud.

"Tenchi why should you care about her? Ayeka can come down when 
ever she's hungry. Besides she has been nothing but trouble ever since 
she came over here." Said Ryoko as she tugged at his arm.

"Well I just want to make sure she is all right. Hey, I would do 
the same for you too." He replied.

" Alright fine, Tenchi." Ryoko said as they stepped into the 
bathroom.    

"Eww! Yuck! What stinks in here?" she asked holding her nose  
	
Tenchi looked at the mess on the floor and then at Ayeka. 

"Aw no! Ayeka did you do any of this?"

Ayeka stared at him with embarrassment.

"Lord Tenchi I have nothing to do with this filth." She replied 
as her face turned red.

"Well I would like to know who is responsible for this mess." 
Tenchi replied crossing his arms.

"I am, Tenchi." Answered Katsuhito bending behind the toilet.

"You Grandpa! You did this?" he asked completely baffled.

"Yes that is true. I kind of had an accident in here."    

He felt on his face and realized that something was missing. "Oh 
I believe I dropped my glasses. Do you see them Miss Ayeka?"

Ayeka recognized them lying on the floor. "Yes." She replied 
pointing at them. "Here let me get them for you."   

Ayeka started to walk towards the glasses but began slipping in 
the mess again. She grabbed hold of the sink and sat on it. "There now 
I won't have to take another step in that filth." she said scooting her 
butt further on the sink.

"Hey, Ayeka if I were you I would get off of there right now 
before." Ryoko warned 

(Crack!) (Crack!) (Crack!) The sink began to give out under the 
princess's weight.

"Oh no! Ayeka get off of there, before it breaks!" called Tenchi

It was way too late for Tenchi to tell her that. The pipes began 
to bend and the sink started to fall away. As a last desperate effort 
to keep her balance, she grabbed hold of the medicine cabinet on the 
wall. That absolutely did her any good as Ayeka fell, taking the 
medicine cabinet and pieces of the wall with her.

"Aaaiiiiyyyeeee!" Ayeka screamed as she hit the shit-soaked floor 
with the pipes, sink, medicine cabinet and all. The sink pipes 
clattered over into the corner. The sink fell barely missing Ayeka and 
(SMASHED) into many pieces big and small. The medicine cabinet 
(EXPLODED) when it hit the floor by the sink and it scattered its 
pieces of mirror and, contents all over the floor. To add some more 
chaos to the situation for Ayeka the wall began drenching her with hot 
and cold water. 

Kasuhito saw this and he began to walk carefully towards the 
soaking wet princess. He did not notice the bar of soap on the floor, 
(that was knocked off of the sink earlier.) He stepped on it causing 
him to fall backwards toward the window taking the shade with him. 

Ayeka slowly got up, soaking wet and pissed than ever before.
 
"I told you to get off of the sink but you wouldn't listen so." 
Said Ryoko giggling

"That's enough Ryoko." Said Tenchi tapping her on the shoulder. 
"Are you alright Ayeka?"

" Hell No! I'm not feeling all right! Oh God damn it! I'm covered 
in filth!" Ayeka wailed looking down on her self.

Suddenly Sassami ran into the bathroom gasping for breath.

"Oh Wow! What happened in here? I heard Ayeka scream."

"Ayeka had a little accident." Said Tenchi while scratching the 
back of his head.

"Wow, it looks like Ayeka had a really big accident." She said 
gazing at the filthy bathroom.

"Stifle yourself Sassami!" barked Ayeka

Aw give your sister a break Ayeka. You're the one who brought 
this on your self. If you had listened to Tenchi and me, you wouldn't 
look like you came from a slum. I mean just look at you. You're covered 
in shit. Said Ryoko, pointing at Ayeka's soiled kimono.  

Katsuhito noticed that Tenchi was wearing only red boxer shorts 
and Ryoko was wearing only black lingerie. "Ah Tenchi." He chuckled 
softly pointing at both of them. "It looks like for the first time, you 
have been spending some quality time with one of the ladies. Haven't 
you?   

"Yes that's right." Ryoko said. "We sure have. In fact Tenchi 
said he liked being with me the most out of all of the girls." She 
turned and flashed a warm smile to him. 

	"WHHHAAAAAATTT!!!!!" Screeched Ayeka. "THAT'S IT RYOKO, NOW 
YOU'RE GOING TO GET IT!!!"

 	She ran at Ryoko while screaming." Her feet began to lose 
traction causing her to fall and make a split with her legs.

Ayeka felt the pain go from her thighs to her butt, but what was 
worse was that the bottom of her kimono had split right down the middle 
revealing her purple panties.
 
"Bwa! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! 
Ha! Ayeka you look so stupid!" Ryoko cried laughing her head off.

Ayeka saw a roll of toilet paper by her side. She reached over 
and grabbed it. With an angry cry of rage, she threw it at Ryoko but 
missed.

As soon as she missed she began chunking any thing that she could 
lay her hands on, at Ryoko, while yelling. "GO TO HELL! YOU FUCKING 
WHORE!

Glass, metal, porcelain, sheet rock, some bars of soap, 
toothbrushes, aspirin bottles, more toilet paper rolls, shaving cream 
bottles, razors, tweezers, fingernail clippers, toe nail clippers, 
scissors, a bottle of alcohol, a bottle of hydrogen peroxide and a 
bottle of cough syrup, went sailing through the air. 

Ryoko's laughter was making her lean on Tenchi for support, while 
her force field protected them from the flying missiles. 

"Oh stop! No more! I might wet my self!" She said between laughs.

"I think you just did." Said Sassami pointing to Ryoko's crotch.

Ryoko looked down on her self. "Oh my God! My new black lingerie 
panties! 

"Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Look who's laughing now 
Ryoko! Ayeka said triumphantly.  

She looked at Tenchi while ignoring the princess.  "Er, I'll be 
right back!"

Her face turned cherry red and she quickly flew down the hall, 
while big sweat drops form on everybody else's head.

Down stairs the short red headed scientist Little Washu, who had 
just came out of her lab, saw her daughter Ryoko fly straight past her.

"Hey Ryoko where's the fire?" she asked

"Go upstairs into the men's bathroom and find out for your self." 
It's so hilarious! She said laughing while floating to the women's 
bathroom. 

Washu walked up toward the bathroom and peered in at the 
disaster.

"Eeek! Shit! Did Mihoshi do all this?" She exclaimed. 

"No. My sister Ayeka did." Answered Sassami

Washu looked at the older princess sitting in the middle of the 
debris with her ripped kimono and started to giggle.

"You seemed to be worthy of the Jurian crown until now Ayeka."

"What's that supposed to mean? You retarded red haired bitch!" 
she shouted at the scientist.

"Hey who are you calling retarded, Princess Dyke?  Washu said 
angrily as she took a step up towards Ayeka.  

"Alright that's enough for now." Katsuhito said firmly as he 
slowly stood up and grabbed some towels out of the cabinet. He tossed 
them onto the floor to make a path for Ayeka, while picking his glasses 
up off of the floor. He then walked carefully towards the princess and 
shut the water off. Next he helped Ayeka to her feet and they began to 
walk out of the bathroom holding on to each other in case one of them 
would lose their balance on the wet floor. They both headed down the 
hallway.
	
"Would you care for some of my herbal tea while we get cleaned 
up?" He asked softly
	
"Yes please." Ayeka whimpered.
	
He noticed that the princess was in badly needed of cleaning up, 
and also she was limping.
	
"Princess Ayeka. Do you feel alright?" He asked his voice full of 
concern.
	
"Oh not really its just oh! My leg!" She cried out suddenly. She 
slipped and fell on the floor.

Katsuhito reached over and helped the trembling princess back on 
her feet while saying: "When we get to my office I'll put some ice on 
you. Maybe it will relieve you of pain."
	
"Thank you" said Ayeka as they both walked out of the house and 
up the steps towards the Masaki Shrine.
	
Ayeka soon found herself, sitting on a soft mat inside 
Katsuhito's office. She looked around her surroundings and, noticed a 
small red cat with a brass bell on a collar around its neck layed fast 
asleep. 

"Oh hello little kitty." Ayeka said softly as she patted its 
head.
	
At that moment Katsuhito walked with a large ice bucket of ice, 
some ice packs, and some bandages.
	
"Sorry Chibi but I got to take care of this lovely princess of 
Juri so I need you to move out of the way." Katsuhito said as he picked 
up the cat by the scruff of its neck and moved it onto another mat on 
the other side of the room.
	
"That used to be Tenchi's cat but I adopted it from him because 
he has been neglectful for its food and attention. Now Miss Ayeka which 
leg is it the right or left?" 
	
"Both of them" She responded softly.
	
Katsuhito began looking over both of them, checking for any 
foreign marks; scratches, scrapes, broken bones, or bleeding wounds. He 
did not find any but, he managed to find two large bruises; one on each 
leg. 
	
"Oh Miss Ayeka there is nothing wrong with your legs except these 
bruises I found. Its best for you to keep ice on these at all times and 
stay off your feet for a while. You could stay here and take a nap if 
you like." He said
	
"Yes that would be lovely." Ayeka replied
	
"Good. Here you can have my bed I won't be using it until 
tonight."
	
Katsuhito picked up the princess, took off her Jurian kimono and 
slowly put her in his bed. He fixed her ice packs on her legs and gave 
her a cup of herbal tea.
	
"Is there anything else I can get you?" Katsuhito offered.
	
Ayeka sat up against the pillow with the tea in her hand. "Yes 
I'm having trouble falling asleep. Can you think of anything that will 
help me rest."
	
"Well let's see. Oh I know when I go to sleep I have Chibi, (you 
know, my cat) keep me company. You're not allergic to cats are you?"
	
"Oh no of course not. Go right ahead."
	
Katsuhito left the room and came back with Chibi and put him in 
the princess's waiting arms.	
	
"He is usually well behaved and he sleeps more than I do but 
he'll keep you warm and cozy. Now you be good for Miss Ayeka ok." 
Katsuhito said pointing his finger at the cat.
	
He stood up and bowed before Ayeka humbly. "I shall leave so you 
can get some rest. I'll be back to check on you later." Katsuhito 
exited with the dirty robe in his arm and he took off the dirty kimono 
he was wearing. He put both of them in the dirty clothes hamper and he 
changed into a fresh clean kimono on his way out of the office. Then he 
walked back to the house.
	
Meanwhile everybody was staying behind, picking up junk in the 
bathroom.

"This place is a wreck!" said Washu bending down and picking the 
pieces of the sink, medicine cabinet, smashed sheet rock, broken glass, 
and tossed them into a black garbage bag she brought with her. The 
others soon joined in picking up and Ryoko came back with some more 
garbage bags and helped too.
	
"Hey Little Washu is there anything salvageable?" asked Tenchi
	
"The only thing salvageable is the pipes, the towels, and the 
window shade, everything else just throw it away." She answered. 

"Hey tell me something little Ryoko, were Tenchi and you playing 
strip poker or something? She said pointing to her black underwear.

It's none of you business Washu! She snapped.

"Also it looks like you wee-weed in your little panties. I 
thought I properly potty trained you when you was three years old." 
Washu added while looking at the large wet spot on Ryoko's crotch.

"Grrrrrr! Cut it out!" She yelled angrily

"Heh Heh Just kidding, little Ryoko." Giggled Washu.
	
"Hey Washu. What about the stuff from the medicine cabinet?" 
Asked Sassami 
	
"Throw all of that away too. We don't need anymore germs in 
here." Washu replied
	
"Where is that stupid Mihoshi? She can at least come up here and 
give us a hand!" Ryoko said out loud as she angrily shoved the bent up 
cabinet door into the bag. "Hey Mihoshi! Get your useless butt over 
here!" She yelled loudly.
	
"Calm down Ryoko. I'm helping too. Besides if she was in here, no 
offense for her, but she might make a bigger mess by trying to help 
pick up." Said Tenchi as he carefully hung the window shade back in the 
window."
	
"Well I guess your right about that." Sighed Ryoko. 

After all what is the worst that could happen when she is 
around?" Sassami asked casually.
	
Washu, Tenchi, and Ryoko looked at each other and then at the 
mess and then at Sassami.
	
"You have no idea." They all said at the same time and then they 
burst out laughing.
	
They stopped laughing five minutes later after picturing in their 
heads about the worse disasters that Mihoshi could cause by accident. 
Then they all headed down stairs and got cleaned up.  
	
Meanwhile Mihoshi Kuramitsu the goofiest ditz, but a fairly 
honest law woman on the Galaxy Police Force was sitting in the cockpit 
of her patrol ship underwater. She was getting ready to answer her call 
while munching on a Chocolate Chip Granola Bar. Mihoshi had gone 
through the usual ups and downs in her job lately. 

(Flashback): At first when she was working with her ex partner 
Kiyone Makibi, the chief was regretting the day he ever hired her, and 
he even considered her a first class disaster area. Mihoshi was also 
eating up the budget by wrecking way too many patrol ships, giving the 
wrong person the wrong ticket, blowing the cover on many raids, letting 
her guard down, falling asleep on night shifts and letting crooks get 
away.  Things went even more downhill as many of the officers began 
resenting her and they begged right in front of her not to be assigned 
with her. 

One day the police chief began to lay off other officers and he 
came really close to firing Mihoshi. That could cause her to make an 
early retirement with a bad case of constipation (the doctor told her 
she had been eating too many sweets and not enough vegetables) unless 
she improved her self.

Poor Mihoshi, she thought that would be impossible but, with the 
help of a very good and faithful friend she knew since Elementary 
School, she managed to make a great comeback. After that, overnight 
Mihoshi became one the best law enforcement detectives' money can't 
buy. She got a rake off of illegal liquor, contraband, raiding casinos, 
busting a giant prostitution agency and arrested seventeen wanted pimps 
and over fifty prostitutes. So basically the chief didn't fire her 
instead he gave her a raise in her salary and she got a medal for being 
brave about her duties and a loud gun salute. 

Unfortunately her ex partner had left the Galaxy Police to find a 
new job at another police station, mainly to get away from Mihoshi 
before she has a nervous break down. Even after all that, Mihoshi's 
mood still never changed. She still acts like her same old good-
natured, friendly, ditzy, clumsy self. (End of Flashback)

Mihoshi sat back and swallowed the rest of the Granola Bar while 
switching on her ship computer.

"Ah Good morning Miss Mihoshi. There has been a person trying to 
call you since five am in the morning." Said the computer

"Hey Yukinojo can you get me a glass of water? That Granola Bar 
made me thirsty." Mihoshi yawned.

A minute later a tall glass filled water and ice appeared in 
front of her.

"Gee thanks Yukinojo. You even put ice in it since I forgot to 
tell you."

"Your welcome. Is there any thing else I can do for you Miss 
Mihoshi?"

"As a mater of fact there is something I need you do for me." 
Mihoshi said taking a sip of her water. "I want you to track down that 
call and give me the location and number of the phone that was used to 
make it.

"Yes mam Miss Mihoshi. I'm searching for the number and the 
location of the phone right now.

(Five minutes later)

"Miss Mihoshi. I have located the number of the phone but I can't 
locate the phone itself that is connected to that call. It is so out of 
reach, I am unable to decipher it.  I'm so sorry Miss Mihoshi."

"That's alright Yukinojo anyway call that number and see if 
anyone will answer." Mihoshi said calmly as she took another sip of her 
water."  

"I am dialing the number now, would you like to see it?" 

"Sure why not?"

The number appeared on the screen as dial tones echoed throughout 
the ship. Mihoshi waited quietly for someone to pick up while drinking 
the rest of her ice water.

"Wow. That sure is a long number." She muttered looking at the 
screen.

About twenty-one rings later, Yukinojo spoke up.

"Miss Mihoshi somebody answered, would you like me to put him or 
her on?"

"Go right ahead Yukinojo."

The screen lit up and a very familiar person appeared.

Mihoshi dropped her empty cup to the floor while staring at the 
screen with a huge happy grin spread across her face.

"HEY MIHOSHI DON'T YOU RECOGNIZE ME!?  The person cried with glee

"OH MY GOD! OH! OH! YES I DO! IT"S YOU!!!!! Mihoshi squealed with 
delight.              


That was my first chapter, for my first fan fic. I hoped you 
really liked it.
Sorry to Leave You Hanging but I got to go for now but don't worry your 
stupid little heads. I like to apologize for the fans that expected any 
lemon elements or situations between the characters in the first 
chapter but that is not how I want to start it out yet. You might say 
that this actually kind of tart right now. The situations will get 
extremely sour in the later chapters. Just wait and see what happens 
next. I'll be back with chapter two "Mihoshi's Friend" Feel free to 
praise or flame me about what you think so far about my Fanfic. Go 
ahead and email me at my own personal mailbox. The address is 
spacevirgincabbit15@yahoo.com.   

So long! 

Love: The Space Virgin Cabbit

Ps I'll turn sixteen in November this year
This chapter was completed on August 3, 2001

Updated and remade on October 6, 2001 	
	
       
   
  
  
 
