Consequences, or, What Tenchi did next

Written by Scribbler (scribbler@phlebas.demon.co.uk) and Ty Kalos
(ryokos.acolyte@btinternet.com)

Based on Tenchi Muyo OAVs, which are copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer. 

Please don't sue us.

Thanks to Leon-san for proof-reading.

This takes place after OAV #13 and Video Picture Book, and disregards
Manatsu no Eve .


------------------------------------------------------------------------


Prologue

The particular clearing in the forest where the tree stood was for some
reason a little less popular than others nearby. The tree, whose own
name it had never bothered to find out, had never been quite sure why.
The other trees had always assured it that there was nothing wrong with
it. It was bonded with another like every other self-respecting tree
was. Then why was it that those who came to linger in the shade beneath
its branches never seemed to stay long?

It might have been the incident a few hundred years ago, of course.
No-one was ever going to forget that ignominy. The man responsible had
been killed, and his tree uprooted and burned in a clearing where fire
was safe. On a forest world, that was the most heinous of punishments.
There were two results for this certain tree. One, it had an owner. Two,
wherever the owner was he didn't have a tree. The notoriety must be
disturbing people, it reasoned.

Time flowed around the owner in question nonchalantly, watching as it
had v-signs flicked at it. The smile on D'Sel's face was fixed, and
would be so for the foreseeable future. Although he was absolutely still
his surroundings nonetheless writhed around him and the capsule of
stasis he was trapped in.

Accidents will after all choose to happen at the least convenient of
times.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


Princess Aeka opened her eyes, and stared up at the ceiling. Moonlight
shone in, dimly illuminating the room. It caught something moving: next
to the light fitting a tiny spider hovered. Suspended from the ceiling
itself.It couldn't seem to make up its mind what to do. Haul itself back
up and make for the window, or take its chances on the floor. Neither
appealed. "How very like me," she thought. "Why am I here? What am I
doing?" 

No answer came.

Why do I persist?

Still nothing.

Do I love Tenchi?

Then there was a voice. It was hers, but it was an answer.

Maybe.

Maybe? What sort of answer is that?

Another reply. An accurate one, we think.

That, she had to admit, did indeed seem accurate. Why, after all, was
she still here? Because Tenchi had said she could stay? He had, but that
was when he didn't know that his grandfather was her half-brother and
Aeka was still looking. Was it to see if he loved her? Implausible. If
he did love her in the way she wished he did, he'd had more than enough
time to show it, and failed to do so.

Then the answer came to her.

Ryoko.

She stayed because it annoyed Ryoko. It annoyed Ryoko because it meant
she never got a moment alone with Tenchi, when she might have been able
to... have her way with him. Tempt him to fall for her. Though Tenchi
hadn't done that either, surely it was only due to Aeka's presence.

I wonder why father wanted me to come home... she thought as she drifted
off to sleep again.

The sleeping form under the blanket stirred slightly, and moaned softly.
Ryoko knew what she wanted Tenchi to be dreaming about; but was he? If
he did he never gave any hint. Part of Ryoko's mind, that part that
wasn't busy listening for any possible threat to Tenchi's life, went off
for a conversation with itself.

Why do you keep doing this?

Why? What sort of question is that? I do it because people Washu knew
seem to have a problem with him. I don't want him to die and before you
ask it's because I love him.

That's true.

And?

It's been rather one-sided so far, hasn't it?

Well, yes, but that's just 'cos he's too traditionally Japanese to
relax.

I see.

'I see'? Come on, out with it.

What if he doesn't?

I can't believe you're asking that question.

It has to be asked. You've been here, what, six months, and you've never
been subtle about things, have you? But has he responded? No, he damn
well hasn't.

Well, maybe I've been taking the wrong approach. Maybe I need to be less
up-front.

That's a possibility. Keep me posted.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


The universe's greatest scientist noticed a bit of lint on the fabric of
reality, and decided to return one of the favours she owed the universe
and flick it off. Of such little incidents is history made. Washu
reached down to her console... 


------------------------------------------------------------------------


Yosho had never been a light sleeper. Even when Achika had been a baby,
she had never woken him with her cries. The brief sizzle of an energy
discharge didn't wake him up; nor did the messy and multiple thump of a
four-limbed body hitting a wooden floor quite hard. It was certainly the
least dignified entrance D'Sel had ever made, and he chastised himself
silently while his eyes adjusted to the gloom. The man sleeping soundly
on the tatami mat seemed familiar, although D'Sel couldn't remember
where from. He might as well spend the night here, he thought. It was as
good a place as any, and he could find out where he was, and where his
queen was, later. He took his bedding roll from his pack and silently
settled down for the night. 


------------------------------------------------------------------------


"That's odd." 

A massive understatement.

"That bubble shouldn't have burst the way it did if it was empty. Oh
look. It wasn't. I wonder what was in it? Ah well." Washu stopped, aware
that she was talking to herself, and yawned. "I'll deal with it in the
morning." She reached out again, tapped a few keys on her console, and
her seat lengthened, widened and sprouted a pillow. She lay back, her
mind afire despite her tiredness, and wondered what she'd find in eight
hours' time.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


The voice was tired. The diction was haggard. The face that the voice
belonged to had eyes that were horribly bloodshot. Inwardly Tenchi
flinched as Ryoko croaked at him, "Good morning." He'd lost count of the
number of times he'd asked her not to do that, and the number of times
she'd said she wouldn't, but done so again before the week was out. Now
he just lived with it. If Ryoko wanted to wear herself out watching over
him the whole night that was her business. At least she gave him his
privacy when he was dealing with his ablutions. 

Mostly.

"Good morning Ryoko," he said wearily. "Did anyone threaten me last
night?"

"No, I don't think so." 

"Another night wasted then?"

"Almost."

"I'm sorry?"

"I got to look at you for eight hours solid without Aeka exploding."

Tenchi blushed. He'd been awake for sixty seconds, and already she'd
managed to bring sex into the conversation. It was starting to irk him.
He rolled on to his side and out of bed, instantly regretting the warm
night. It had been too warm to wear anything when he slept, with the
effect that in front of Ryoko he was now naked, rather tumescent, and
very embarrassed.

Ryoko giggled. "Oh, so you did dream about me! How sweet." Speechless,
all Tenchi could do was hurriedly pull on yesterday's jeans and a
T-shirt, and stalk out. It seemed like Sasami wasn't up yet, because he
couldn't hear any other noise apart from his bare feet on the carpet.
The bathroom beckoned.

 D'Sel was also an early riser, unlike Yosho, and had been out of the
temple building before the apparently old man stirred. So, he had ended
up in a temple of some sort. One thing he knew for sure: this wasn't
Jurai. Most disturbing, the trees were mute, and the air had a different
quality to it. There were vague traces of something foul and very alien
that he couldn't name, and the clouds - in a sky that was already a
bright blue - seemed to be twisted into different sorts of shapes. A
thought popped into his head, and it wasn't his own.

Hmm. I wondered where you'd got to. What took you so long?

He answered it with a thought that definitely was his.

What do you mean, what took me so long? How long was I in transit?

As far as we can tell, about seven hundred years. The near end of the
conduit closed up so we thought you'd be lost permanently. 

So what am I doing here? I thought a conduit's ends couldn't be reopened
if they collapsed.

They can't. We don't know what happened.

Enough of that. Where is the queen?

Oh come on. You can't have lost the touch of fifteen thousand years that
easily.

Oops. Must be the effects of the transit. 

D'Sel paused in his descent of the steps. His eyes half-lidded, he
listened intently as his awareness expanded to include the surroundings.
There seemed to be far more insects around here than was good for the
place. No, there were the minds. One that had a texture of velvet, and
was dark: the man that was still sleeping in the temple. Suddenly a
whole gaggle. Four of them. He focused on each in turn, and found her.
She, too, was still asleep.

I've found her. 

Well, that's something.

What? Where did that come from?

Sorry, I've just been a bit lonely while you were oblivious.

Within you, never without you. Except when in transit, of course. Damn
thing.

Don't knock it, please. Everyone else did. It's getting rather boring
now.

I'm the one who's been left partially drained by it, aren't I?

Yes, but stop going on about it. It's lucky you got out alive at all.

Okay, okay. I'll shut up. How old is her highness now?

Chronologically she's 721 but physically she's 21. She was in stasis for
a while.

D'Sel reached the bottom of the steps up the hillside to the temple, and
spotted the house a little way off.

What's her current protection status?

When you didn't arrive, the Emperor assigned two of their Guardians to
her instead, Azaka and Kamidake. They're at the gate of the house you're
heading towards.

They are? All I can see are two pillars.

You need to practice; it looks like you've lost your double sight for
the moment. Just watch.

D'Sel's tree remained silent as he approached the two guardians. They
swivelled in place, revealing the script on them. "Good morning," said
Azaka.

"Good morning," D'Sel replied pleasantly. "I'm here to replace you as
Her Royal Highness' bodyguard." There was a stunned silence for a
moment.

"We weren't told," sniffed Kamidake.

"Sorry. I think there was some sort of mix-up." D'Sel's face was a
picture of geniality as he shrugged.

"We'll have to verify your credentials."

What do you suggest? he thought across light-years.

With Juraian Guardians, thinking at them usually does the trick, came
the answer.

D'Sel concentrated. Azaka twitched once.

"I see," the now somewhat perturbed guardian said. "We understand,"
chimed the other.

"So helpful of you. May I go in?"

"Of course." Half of the gate swung open.

"Good day to you."

For the second time, Aeka woke. This time, though, there was no doubt.
Ryoko, a dangerously seductive monster woman, must be stopped from
leading Tenchi astray. It was her mission to see that this was
accomplished. Thus buoyed she dressed quietly, making sure she didn't
wake Sasami, and made her way downstairs. 

 D'Sel stood at the front door, taking deep breaths. His courage arrived
back from its detour smelling the flowers, and he rang the bell. 

 "Who could that be?" Tenchi thought as he padded, slightly dishevelled,
towards the door. He opened it to reveal a man seemingly in his
mid-twenties, with an average colouring that wouldn't look out of place
anywhere. Except for two things: his eyes that although dark gleamed
most unnervingly, and his hair, which seemed to have grown over a wooden
headband that enjoyed a closeness with his skin most marriages couldn't
rival. 

"Hello?" D'Sel regarded Tenchi with curiosity. "I am D'Sel. I'm here to
replace Azaka and Kamidake as Her Royal Highness Princess Aeka's
bodyguard."

"Uh, you are?"

"Yes - don't tell me, they didn't tell you either. May I see her Royal
Highness?"

"Er, they didn't, whoever They are. Of course you can see her. Please
come in." D'Sel stepped over the threshold, and spotted Aeka coming down
the stairs. He pushed Tenchi aside, strode over, and bowed. 

"Your Majesty... I am D'Sel." 

"D'Sel?" she asked, staring down at him - she was still four steps from
the bottom - with polite incomprehension. Puzzlement flitted over his
features for a moment.

"Has Your Majesty already forgotten the message she was given regarding
my arrival on Jurai?"

"But this isn't Jurai," Tenchi pointed out.

"That's true. But the conduits are anchored to people, not places, so
here I am. I am to replace Azaka and Kamidake."

"Did my father send you?"

"I was to be your bodyguard, but there was a mishap and I didn't arrive
from Naria."

Aeka finished descending the stairs and scrutinised him closely. "Very
well. D'Sel," she waved a hand, "this is my nephew, Lord Tenchi." D'Sel
turned and bowed politely to Tenchi. "I am honoured, truly." Then it
happened.

Think of a knife. A sharp, serrated knife with a hooked point. Quite the
most vicious thing one can impale another with. Then imagine it being
twisted. This is about the level of pain that seven hundred years' worth
of data suddenly applied to the back of the head can inflict. D'Sel
collapsed to his knees clutching his head, green fire flowing over his
skin, as the data dump seemingly wrenched nerve from nerve and neurone
from neurone. Aeka and Tenchi could only gape as D'Sel writhed in the
foetal position he'd fallen into. 

Ryoko watched with interest from the top of the stairs for the fifteen
seconds that D'Sel's agony lasted. The fire flickered and died, and
D'Sel opened his eyes. There was now, to him, a glow around Tenchi's
feet. Well, at least I can see properly again, he thought.

What was that for? Do you know how much that hurt?

Of course I do. We are linked telepathically. I'll have to talk to
someone about how to reduce the overload pain.

You do that.

D'Sel dragged himself back upright, still shaking somewhat, and looked
at Tenchi properly for the first time. His sight was back. He wasn't
old, D'Sel could see, but he would be. He could see Tenchi's lifetime
stretching away into the future, he could see every instant on his time
line if he chose to focus his secondary sight. He smirked, and turned.
The smile didn't last long. There! At the top of the stairs was...

He didn't even let the thought finish. Even before he knew it himself he
was on top of Ryoko, bringing the bokken he'd carried over his shoulder
over and round and...

"STOP!" Aeka barked. D'Sel froze, the now-glowing implement at Ryoko's
quivering throat. "The statute of limitation has expired, and if Ryoko
wanted to kill me she would have done so by now." D'Sel checked his
memory.

"I'm, I'm... sorry. I had only just been informed." D'Sel stuttered,
hastily clambering off her.

"Yeah, well," Ryoko said as her fist knocked him sideways, though not
quite managing to acquaint his nose with the stairs. He glared at her
while he probed the side of his face gently.

What a wonderful entrance.

Shut up.

I could have done better than that, and I'm a tree.

I said shut up.

D'Sel was sure he could hear his tree sniggering. He ignored it while he
gave Ryoko a calculating look designed to put her off balance. She was
powerful, he saw, but she wasn't that powerful. To his annoyance the
Look didn't work. So he descended the stairs, and knelt before Aeka in
supplication.

"Your majesty, I come to swear fealty on behalf of all Narians. You are
the One; we shall live for you, we shall die for you, we shall
rhapsodise you." Alone, Ryoko broke into enthusiastic applause. "Very
good, whoever you are! Now tell me, just why are you making that sort of
speech to her? Why not me?" D'Sel looked affronted. "Why? Because!"
Ryoko vanished with a derisory snort, and they heard the TV click on.

"Uh, we don't have a room that's spare, I'm afraid. You could always
sleep at the shrine; I'm sure grandfather wouldn't mind."

"So that's who the old man was? I see." D'Sel's memories of his time on
Jurai as the chaperon of Prince Yosho flooded back, and he chuckled
inwardly. This might turn out rather amusing. The doorbell rang again,
and Tenchi opened it. Yosho stood there, staring at D'Sel with a
fascinated horror. D'Sel's smirk reappeared. "Why, hello again...
Yo-chan." 

Aeka started to go crimson. She could guess what was coming next. For
once, Tenchi's grandfather was totally lost for words. He fearfully
watched D'Sel approach him, his mouth set in a slight scowl. 

"Oh come come now, Yo-chan. Why persist in lying to these people?
They're family, aren't they?"

"Well..." was all Yosho could manage before a glow surrounded him.

Aeka gasped. "Brother!"

The glow vanished and in the doorway there stood not Katsuhito Masaki,
but Prince Yosho. Apart from his hairstyle and clothing, he was exactly
as Aeka remembered him. D'Sel wasn't finished. 

Just what do you think you're up to!?

Shut up, I know what I'm doing. He's had it coming for eight hundred
years.

You're going to humiliate the crown prince in front of his sister!?

Yes. Should be fun.

The fingers of his right hand curled towards his palm. Now he stood in
front of Yosho, and gently brushed the backs of his fingers down Yosho's
cheek. "Don't you think his hair looks much better like this, your
Majesty?"

Aeka could barely speak. "I- I- I- suppose so," she stammered,
mortified. How dare her brother do such a thing...

D'Sel dropped his fingers from the face of the unfortunate Yosho, and
cast around what he hoped was a glance of approval.

"This house isn't too bad, I suppose, for a scion of the Royal house.
I've got an idea. Your bed's at the temple, isn't it? Tell you what, why
don't we carry on where we left off?"

Finally, the horror and sheer embarrassment grew too great. Yosho sank
to his knees, and passed out. D'Sel stood over him with a grin of pure
evil on his face. 

"Revenge is sweet, isn't it Yo-chan?"

He laughed.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


All is well and Linus is god. Comments and criticism to
scribbler@phlebas.demon.co.uk. Thanks. First draft finished 2nd October
1998, redrafted 5th, 10th, 14th and 15th October.