By Keener <otakunxs@bellsouth.net> 

    Here it is, straight from the Parrot King to you. Believe me, just
when you think you know what's going on, you havenn't gotten to the end
yet ^_- Please read and enjoy, the lemon is just flavoring and easily
ignored and the story begins and ends. MST, C&C, anything is welcome and
encouraged. Please, give generously...

Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo belongs first to it's orginal creators, all
twenty thousand of them, secondly to AIC and finally to Pioneer. Please
worship any and all of them at the temple of your choice.

OtakuNXS presents...

                                    Connections

    So empty, so alone, yet he was there, filling up the void with his
presence, or reminding you how vast the darkness really was. His
handsome face was full of smiles, smiles that hinted, that tempted, but
never confirmed. The boys eyes made you panic to be caught up in them,
but made you beg they'd linger, just a bit more. And his voice, okay, it
was a trifle nasal and had a tendency to get on one's nerves, but if
that voice could just whisper three little words, all could be forgiven.
All in all, he was the sort to melt a heart, or break it completely.
Tenchi sneezed.

    Ayeka and Ryoko sighed softly, a ceiling separating them, a world of
differences keeping them apart, and yet still very much connected. The
space pirate yawned drowsily, basking in the sun's warmth and letting
the energy seep into her. Cats may worship the moon, but it's the
sunlight that whispers sweet dreams, and today's rays spoke only of
finding companionship in a dream lover's arms.

    The young princess, on the other hand, was quite awake. The
moonlight had been gentle with her last night, and though she welcomed
the power the sun brought, a silent voice in her head remembered the
deliciousness of his wispy embrace. If only she hadn't awoken. He had
looked at her with dark, mysterious eyes and said...

    "Ayeka, I've got something for you."

    Ayeka only partially winced at the pinched voice. "And I, something
for you, my love." she sighed, remembering.

    "Um, what are you talking about? Don't you want this package?
Grandfather said you had been waiting for it for some time."

    Maybe he's just got sinus problems, I'm sure Washu could do
something about... wait a sec. The dream Tenchi always sounded like
David Sobolov, not Ned Flanders. "Nevermind, Lord Tenchi, please come on
in." She blushed slightly at the last, damn that woman for pointing out
that strange earthen pun, now she could not keep the vulgar thoughts
from coming... arrrrggghhh!

    "I could, I could come at another time, Ayeka. I'll just leave the
package outside."

    "No, now's the perfect time to...  come." the young woman placed a
hand over her forehead and sighed heavily as she sat down. The blush
burned it's way through her skin.

    "Are you sure? If you don't want me to come inside I could
always..."

    "Lord Tenchi! Get in here and give me your package already!" Ayeka's
face went deathly pale, her eyes wider then saucers, of the space
faring, unidentified variety. Tenchi closed the door behind him and
smiled nervously, holding the package as if to fend off attack.

    "Oh, forgive me Lord Tenchi, I didn't mean to yell, I was just
getting so frustrated and..."

    "No-no problem, I know it's hard and all, waiting for this package I
mean, you must have wanted it real bad." The young man gave it to her,
just like she wanted. "Ummmm, Ayeka?"

    "Wha...? Oh, sorry, just kind of caught up in the narrative." She
smiled and accepted the package graciously, her hands lingering on his
own for only a moment longer then necessary, yet not nearly as long as
she wanted. Placing the package on the table, she pulled off the wooden
scepter attached to it and activated it with her own key. The object's
center jewel began to glow and the image of a beautiful woman
appeared...

    <Oh Ayeka-poo... I hope your well, momzie misses her sweatums, and
little Sasami-chan, oh how harsh a thing that a man's loins is sharp
enough to tear a young girl barely formed from her mother's womb. That a
heated embrace was worth more then a motherly snuggle, that...>

    Ayeka sighed, while Tenchi scratched his head absently. A small bit
of mental concentration and the image speed through what must have been
hours of prime quality, A-list flight, get your passports early,
motherly guilt trip.

    <Anyway, as you requested, I have sent you some new outfits, ask and
you shall receive sayeth the prophets, and I am the poor stone you so
shamelessly toss first, right as you bleed it dry... what? Oh, Funaho
says hi... where was I? Oh well, anyway, I packed along Devo-chan,
thought perhaps you could find some use for it, just remember to read
the warning first, and always wait at least three days after eating
before...>

    The message was cut short by Ayeka's mental command, as she slowly
opened the package. There it was, sitting atop a rather virginal white
nightgown, somehow, the twisted length of Devo-chan's black handle made
even that look naughty. Tentatively, she let two of her fingers brush
it's finely polished edge, barely even disturbing the tethered vine that
extended from it. But all the thing needed was that most absent of
touches. Ayeka froze, back arched, eye's closed.

    "Ayeka? Or you okay?" Tenchi placed a questioning hand atop her
shoulder, concern twisting his visage. Then, slowly, a small smile on
her lips, she turned to him.

    "There is no Ayeka, only ZOOL!" She lifted the whip from it's
resting place and let it fly with easy flicks of her wrist. Devo-chan
snapped and lashed, cracked and thrashed.

    Tenchi did the only logical thing, he screamed like a little girl,
and fainted dead away.


    "Anno?" Ryoko awoke suddenly, which considering the dream, was
probably for the best. Why they had to fight celestial creatures, ride
around in anorexic robots and take orders from Tenchi's father who just
smiled evilly and videotaped everything, was beyond her. Of course, at
least Tenchi had been there, and in that skimpy little outfit too, yum.
But how the boy had managed to sound even MORE annoying perplexed the
young woman.

    She stretched, scratched her backside and began phasing through the
roof. Ah well, just a dream, and not worth any undue worry, certainly
not a fic. After phasing through the fourth wall, the cyan haired female
paused halfway through the ceiling. A voice having stopped her cold.
Damn, Ayeka's room, oh well, might as well keep going if I'm out this
far. Wait a sec, she sounds a bit... odd.

    "Beg you worthless dog, beg for the right to speak my name! The name
that whisper's it's way to the dark side of your heart. The name of your
mistress! "

    Yep, she'd never let a participle dangle like that. Wait a sec,
mistress? Spiky hair and slitted eyes pulled it's way through the
ceiling and bare feet hit the floor. She surveyed the scene before her.
Ayeka was whipping HER Tenchi, and doing a good job of it too. Not a
single mark marred his body, and his face held more fear then actual
sting. The princess had even managed to tie the boy to get his shirt
off, the shredded remains of which littered the floor.

    Ayeka turned from her captive and smiled wickedly at her rival. "Ah,
someone else wishes to feel the tip of my whip. Come then wild child,
let's see what you've got." with a snap, the blank tendrils of the whip
tore Ryoko's outfit open, spilling her ample bosom for the world to see.

    Snarling, Ryoko stepped forward proudly. "About a good size or two
more then you." Ayeka considered this as Tenchi simply slumped forward,
nose bleeding, brain on standby.

    "Humph, anything more then can fit in a wineglass is unnecsecary,
besides, they make wonderful targets." grinning maniacally, she sent
another strike toward her newest playmate. A called shot, straight for
the nipple, left breast.

    It never even got to cleavage level, Ryoko smiled wickedly, the whip
held tight in her right arm. "Are you really the best Uranus.... I mean
Jurai can produce?"

    "Ho-how did you do that?"

    Ryoko was seething. How long had this been going on? Her heart ached
and her face burned, how long had they been laughing at her? Friendly
smiles seemed to turn to malicious grins... or worse, pity. The
emptiness inside of her seemed to gnaw away at her very being, the
thirst coming to a head, like a man slowly watching a mirage fade before
him. All she could think about, was the need to fill the void.

    With a snap, she sent Ayeka flying towards her. "Get OVER here!" She
turned to Tenchi who had regained the ability to string words into
sentences. He smiled that cruel smile he always wore, the one that said
yes, when his lips said no.

    "Umm, thanks Ryoko. Gee, I'd have never thought of you as being the
voice of reason but I guess I misjudged you." Had the gag not been in
place, Ryoko might just have heard him.

    Ryoko looked to the noble, and placed a finger on her exposed chest.
Suddenly, the princess was incorporeal, and airborne once more, flying
towards Tenchi, her clothes hovering in mid air, where the she had
phased through them. As she hit the ground, Devo-chan skittered to the
side, Ayeka shook her head and frantically looked about, as if just
awakening from a  nightmare, and scanning the room for shadows that
might have escaped her dreams. Then she noticed the unclothed chest of
lord Tenchi behind her, the young girls back barely touching his front.
A small trickle of blood escaped her nasal cavity.

    Holding her nose, Ayeka yelled out, "Wha-what's going on here?
Ryoko, what's the meaning of this? Give me my clothes this instant!"

    Ryoko sighed heavily, her rival and her would be lover WERE
connected, she was even beginning to sound like him. Quietly, wiping an
errant tear from her left eye, she approached the both of them. Her eyes
were as silent as her voice, pain and desire congealing into a simple
need that radiated from her body, quieting even Ayeka's wrath. Then she
looked at the both of them, and split. One lonely young woman became
two, her close fell in a pile between the twin forms.

    The first Ryoko lifted Tenchi from his position on the ground, she
wrapped a leg around his own and forced him against her own flesh. One
hand softly caressing his cheek while another played about his spiky
hair. "I-I'm not saying you have to love me... yet." she blushed
slightly, painfully aware how she sounded. It was she was a young girl
with her first crush, fragile and unknowing, but then, that's exactly
what she was. "I never even knew what that word meant until I meet you.
I just... I just want to be a part of you, for at least one night.
That's not to much to ask is it? Let me be one with you, we can work on
love, together."

    She pirouetted with Tenchi, turning his body incorporeal as she did,
his clothes and the gag falling to the floor. "Ryoko, I..." The space
pirate didn't dare let him finish. Maybe he would say yes, but she
couldn't dare let it be no, not tonight. The hand on his chin suddenly
pulled down, and she placed her lips over his own, her tongue invading
his mouth. She never gave him a chance to protest as she seemingly tried
to swallow him. Lips worked with just enough force not to crush the
boy's human body, but defiantly enough to feel like he was being eaten
alive. To her, the boy was food, was drink, was the sweetest of air, in
fact, he was life itself and she couldn't get enough.

    Ayeka face went from a ghastly pale, to a blushing pink, and finally
to a vengeful red. "What are you DOING?" she screamed, approaching the
pair, she never noticed the second Ryoko behind her, as the clone pulled
her the tips of her fingers from her mouth, a small trail of saliva
following them through the air, over her target's shoulders from behind
and right atop the noble woman's nipples. The girl suddenly stood
ramrod, unable to move as the one time demoness slowly turned her back
around.

    "If you and him are already one, then I can't love him, without you.
I-I do care for you, but I'm not ready to call you sister. Lover will
have to suffice." With that, she cupped one breast completely and let
the other fill her mouth. Ayeka was right, they were the perfect size,
completely fitting inside her mouth as she suckled with a ferocity that
matched her counterparts movements toward Tenchi.

    Finally, Ryoko broke the oral embrace, and let the boy gather huge
gasps of air, trying to refill lungs that had long since reached empty.
She smiled motherly at him as he looked at her with confused eyes, a
million questions, all being answered by a single kiss. Well, if his
eye's were clueless, other parts of the boy knew quite well what was
happening, and puberty marshaled it's efforts for the battle at hand.
The wayward tip brushed against the young girl as it made it's way up.

    Smiling, she let her body go intangible again, giving it all the
room it needed to reach maximum potential. Then, after one more
smoldering stare in the young man's eyes, freezing him faster then any
headlights could, she levitated slightly, wrapped both lower limbs
around his backside, locking them into position with her feet, and then
she let herself slide down.

    Tenchi swallowed hard, closed his eyes, and felt... nothing.
Granted, the actual feel of Ryoko wrapped around his body, skin touching
in a glomp he had known so well, but never like this, was beyond his
wildest dreams. But down below, he knew something was amiss. He looked
to his companion questioningly, only to find her own eyes shut,
seemingly lost in concentration. Then, slowly, gradually, he felt her
walls closing in on him, a silken palace that seemed to quiver by his
very touch.

    Ryoko was no fool, she knew her strength could turn her lower body
into a guillotine of sorts. A sexual orgasm ending in the world's single
most overzealous circumcision. It took every bit of her will and
concentration to gradually cup and hold his member, rather then biting
and swallowing. She was rewarded as he enlarged again, and began to take
the lead in their dance, filling, removing, giving, taking, again and
again.


    Washu barely pushed her abort switch in time. Exactly one nanogram
of omni-matter had been required for the experiment. The one full gram
she had dumped in instead had been enough to eradicate your average star
system. Still, the explosion had been consigned to subspace, and the
greatest scientific genius in the universe had all the time in the world
to beat the ever-loving hell out of the one who had caused the mistake.
But this time, there was no blonde haired, melodic voice to skirt the
very edges of the red head's sanity. No, this was problems from a
different source, something from within.

    Another spasm shook her miniature frame. From the feel of things,
the source was about eight inches within. Slowly, she made her way to a
lounge chair that appeared from nowhere. That was it, from now on, no
more hormones for that young lady, she was sexually grounded! Inside,
her body quaked and shivered at another thrust. Okay, she'd at least
wait until the girl was finished, no use spoiling the Kodak moment, the
kind you don't dare take to those one hour developing places.

    Idly, she outlined her form with one of her fingers, following the
curve of her inner thigh to her... "Washu! Can you come over here? We
need you." The voice caused synapse to go snap, crackle and pop and the
crab haired one sat up in fury.

    "How many times have I told you not to come in here unless it's to
inform me of your painful demise?"

    Mihoshi placed a questioning finger to her lips and thought hard.
"Ummmm, I dunno... how many?"

    Washu was about to answer when a smaller body collided with her. She
looked down to see Sasami, tears streaming her eyes. "Washu, something's
wrong with Ryo-Ohkie, I think she's sick."

    After letting another spasm take it's course, she looked down at the
offered animal. It meowed in a most peculiarly satisfied manner, and
it's eyes closed as if waiting for something. Washu sighed, "There's
nothing wrong with her that a cigarette won't fix, just hand her to me.
She'll be all right."

    "Cabbits smoke?" Mihoshi asked quistivily, picturing a more humanoid
Ryo-Ohkie, in a tux with dark glasses and a cigarette in her mouth.

    "Depends on the friction ratio," Washu sighed, picking the sometimes
battleship up and walking toward the sofa. She almost got there before
the another flash of raw pleasure put her on her knees and Ryo-Ohkie
squirming.


    Suddenly, Ryoko two pushed Ayeka back to back with Tenchi. "I think
that's enough data gathering. Size, texture, yep, all the dimensions
should be in proportion." The young noble looked at her like she was
insane, not understanding anything.

    "Wha-what are you babbling about, let him go." she squeaked,
something about the way Ryoko was approaching her stealing all the
strength in her voice.

    "To be a part of him, I have to be a part of you, therefore, we've
gotta learn to connect. Luckily, I can change my form a bit, and I've
got all the research I need done."

    Ayeka's eyes squinted in confusion, until her peripherals caught
something from below. The growth from Ryoko was everything she said it
was. Size, shape and feel. Frantically, she grabbed backwards, reaching
out for Tenchi's hand. When she turned her face back to in front of her,
the demons face was inches from her own.

    "I won't force it if you don't want it. Tenchi told me with his
body, but you need only speak it with you mouth. Do you want to be
whole... or hole?"

    Ayeka was stunned, Ryoko's breath warming her face, her slitted eyes
boring into her own. Suddenly, she grabbed Tenchi's hand and was
rewarded with a squeeze. Gathering power from the grasp, she nodded
slowly.


    Washu sat as still as she was able, idly petting her Cabbit and
trying to ignore Mihosh's incessant prattle over what was wrong, and was
she sick? Apparently the ditz had some great cold medicine. The
scientist sniffed, so THAT explains it. Suddenly, her body arched fully
with a whole new sensation, Ryo-Ohkie did likewise and they both
shuddered as the new form of pleasure worked it's way through their
bodies.

    Scanning Ryoko's mind for a full update, she got the whole picture.
So, that's what's happening, hmmmm, not a bad idea actually. Maybe her
daughter had inherited more then looks after all. Only Mihoshi's cry
alerted her to Sasami's plight. The young girl had her eyes closed, and
feel to the ground, unconscious. The pair were at her side in a flash,
Washu feeling the girls head.

    "She's fine," spoke a voice of life and power, less human and more
of wind rustling through a dark and quiet forest. "I just wasn't able to
block it all from her. Tenchi was relatively easy, his physiology is a
bit different, but Ayeka... I'm afraid were just all a wee bit too
connect... oh my."

    Washu couldn't agree more, as she slumped down in her seat. Tsunami
gripped an armrest for support. "No, I mean, I can't hold it back, both
the giving and the taking. I'm afraid I'm-I'm broadcasting it." Outside,
trees shook were there was no wind, the grass danced about in time to
the steady life rhythm and blossoms bloomed without a spring.

    The scientist called up her dimensional computer and made some
readings. It was as if the entire ecosystem had gotten high of life, or
the Goddess there off. No sentient creatures were affected, just plants
and living creatures without large brain capacities. Washu turned to see
Mihoshi shudder as the wave hit her, and nodded to herself, correct as
always. Even more so, the wave was expanding, it had already circled the
planet, and was making it's way throughout the system. Like a tidal wave
of an orgasmic flow. Well, it was caused by a Tsunami at least.

    Then the wave struck her again, doubling in intensity, and opening a
part of her that had been submerged millenium ago. Washu crackled in
yellow energy, floating atop a wave of raw power, she grew. When she
came to rest, the full blown Goddess looked about quistivily. She
grabbed at her new breasts, still as firm as she had remembered them.
But it was her mind that was truly different, suddenly she was connected
to every star, every planet, every bit of matter and energy in the
entire universe... and she was still plugged into the menage a trois.

    Powered by the two Goddesses, the galaxy began to quake and roll
with each stroke. A pumping, thumping base line that tuned itself into
the entire universe. Suns twinkled to it, humans and aliens quivered and
shook with it, and mitochondria sang with the secret life song of all
existence. Elsewhere, a goddess not on the same reality as any before
her turned to an ethereal man and smashed him with a mallet. "Dirty old
man."

    "Lady Tokimi?"

    With all three connected, the universal probing and receiving
dripped into other worlds, other dimensions. Fic writers, Cursed Martial
artists, Pocket dimensions with funky names, politicians, demon gods and
overfiends, alternative universes and animayhem decks, all thrumming and
pumping in time.

    Everything was connected. Life and Death, beginings and endings...

    The Multiverse came... almost as one....

    "Ummm, sorry guys." Tenchi apologizzed.

    The End!
