I-don't-want-to-get-sued-Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer.

ATTENTION: This is a Lemon!
This means that the story contains sexually explicit scenes and is not suitable
for you readers. Unless you are of legal age to view such material (18 in most
cases), leave now.

WARNING:
This fic contains no story whatsoever. I will use approx 3kb on an excuse to 
write the sex scene, which will be much more explicit than most people like.
Everything but the sex has been dumped into a convenient plot-hole the size of
Uranus, including all but three characters. Those three who do show up will act
out-of-character for reasons which have also dissapeared into the plot hole.

If you consider yourself halfway decent, you'll dislike the fic, and might as 
well save yourself the trouble of reading it. Don't say I didn't warn you.

On the bright side it is at least not a Sasami lemon. So there.

Notes:
This story takes place in a future OAV storyline.
Email the author at: ecchihalf@yahoo.com

				     -------
				====[ BEGIN ]====
				     -------

				   Ecchi  Half
				   
				    presents:
				    
				     	-
				    
			         Cooking Lessons

					-

The sun shone with a passion on the idyllic grounds of the Jurai Embassy on
Earth. Known for generations simply as the 'Masaki Shrine', the lush forests on
the mountains surrounding the former Demon's Prison were now part of the first
alien embassy on Earth.

On one particular idyllic spot, the forest gave away to a calm lake and a wooden
house. In perfect harmony an alien onsen floated above the lake, in silent
defiance of gravity.

The house itself was a spacious 3-storey piece of art in wood and glass. While
certainly not small, the abode was certainly humble in size, considering it was
the First Crown Prince of Jurai's residence on Earth. In fact, said Prince's
treeship - the Achika - was an order of magnitude larger then the building.

Inside the house could be found a large shiny Earth-style kitchen, where two of
the female residents were engaged in casual conversation. Both were clad in
robes looking like expensive kimonos, but modified in the traditional style of
the Royal House of Jurai.

The first of the females had blue patterns in her robes, matching the long,
flowing blue hair perfectly. Her pink eyes seemed to instill tranquility in the
souls of any observer, but a slight hint of mischief - a reminder of her youth -
was present to the trained eye. On her forehead two circular blue dots
complimented her soft features. The two dots were traditional for the first wife
of the Emperor, symbolizing the megami marks of power on the patron goddess of
Jurai. As the first wife of the Crown Prince, the marks suited the female
perfectly. However these two dots in particular was not make-up, but rather the
original megami-marks identifying Tsunami.

The second of the females was clad similarly, but had red patterns in her robe
where her counterpart had blue. Instead of flowing, her hair was a wild mane of
untamable cyan locks reaching to her knees. Set in the style of her mother's,
her hair added to the slightly feline aura surrounding her - further accented by
the golden cat-like eyes. Three red dots in a triangular pattern completed the
sharper features of her face. Like her counterpart, these marks too were genuine
megami power marks, beeing those identifying the neko-goddess Ryoko.

Currently, the first wife of the Crown Prince was tutoring the second wife in
the culinary arts of Earth, a concept which had horribly eluded Ryoko's grasp in
the past. Considering that she spent her first 5 millenia as a destroyer of
worlds, this is not really a surprise. However under the skilled tutelage of her
sensei Tsunami, her skills had improved incredibly.

This particular day saw Tsunami lecturing Ryoko on the western-style salad. On
the table in front of them were various ingredients neatly ordered; tomatoes,
iceberg, cucumbers, carrots, salad-oil and a few alien ingredients.

--- * ---

"Ryoko-chan..are you paying attention?"

Tsunami had interrupted her praise of the natural ingredients in Terran food
when it was apparent that Ryoko had zoned out.

"Earth control to Ryoko! Wake up!"

Tsunami raised her voice a bit, breaking Ryoko out of her reverie.

"huh?.. what?"

"You really miss him, ne Ryoko-chan?"

Ryoko followed Tsunami's gaze to her own hands, where she was idly playing with
one of the cucumbers in a suggestive manner. She blushed a bit.

"Hey..you miss him too. You're just better at hiding it."

"Hmm?"

"Don't play innocent with me - I can smell your pheremones. If he came home now
you'd probably do the ecchi with him before he makes it through the living
room." Ryoko added with a playful smile.

"Only if you don't exhaust him before he makes it to the living room." Tsunami
added in a mock defensive statement.

"So very true."

"Well, he might arrive today. But until he does, why don't we pass some time
finishing this salad.

Ryoko was about to suggest an alternate way of passing some time, but decided
against it. Even if that way would have provided some relief. As she considered
this, Tsunami continued the interrupted cooking session.

"As for the tomatoes, it is important that they are ..."

Ryoko's thoughts began wandering again. Subconciously her fingers stroked the
cucumber she never did put down, as her thoughts ran to Tenchi again. Even if
the marriage was two months ago, one week was still alot of time to be without
him.

Tsunami noticed that Ryoko had zoned out again. While she herself had greater
patience, she missed Tenchi no less. And like Ryoko, she too had some stirring
urges which had grown stronger as the week passed. Looking at Ryoko's hands she
guessed that Ryoko probably wouldn't be able to concentrate until Tenchi
returned.
Unless, of course, Ryoko found some relief.

A sparkle of mischief in her eyes, Tsunami grabbed one of the bottles of salad
oil. Squeezing it, she splashed Ryoko with a streak of oil down the front of her
dress.

This woke Ryoko up. With a startled "Hey!" she grabbed the other bottle and
squirted at Tsunami. Tsunami retaliated, and soon the two goddesses were running
around the table in the center of the kitchen, splashing salad oil at each
other.

After a while they stopped to catch their breath, both now clad in exceedingly
sticky clothes. Tsunami more so, since Ryoko managed to pour half a bottle down
her backside with a doppelganger.

Noticing Tsunami assessing the amount of oil on her clothes, Ryoko offered her
help with a sly smile.

"Here, let me help you with that, Tsunami-chan." Ryoko said and placed her hand
on Tsunami's shoulder.

Tsunami eep'ed shortly when Ryoko placed her out of phase with her clothes,
dropping them all to the ground. Incidentally, this also placed Ryoko out of
phase with her own clothing, which dropped synchronously with Tsunami's.

Standing naked in front of each other, neither failed to notice how the room
temperature seemed to have gone up a few degrees, or how the other's nipples
were slightly swollen from excitement.

Discovering that Ryoko's bottle of salad oil was empty, Tsunami got back at
Ryoko by splashing her. Tsunami smiled when Ryoko brought her own bottle up to
get even, only to discover that it was empty.

"Gotcha"

Ryoko smiled back as she got an idea. Tsunami's superior smile was replaced by
confusion when Ryoko started smiling, as she wondered how Ryoko was going to get
her back without more 'ammunition'. The answer soon came, as Ryoko discarded her
empty bottle and glomped Tsunami amazon-style, smearing Tsunami with the oil she
had just splashed Ryoko with.

In addition to rubbing oil on Tsunami, the glomp had some interesting side
effects, as it caused their ample breasts to rub against each other. After a few
seconds of contact both moaned slightly.

Reclaiming the initiative, Tsunami brought Ryoko's head up for a kiss while
lowering her onto the table at the center of the kitchen. Soon after they were
french-kissing, rubbing their bodies against each other.

After a while of this Tsunami broke contact, sitting on her knees with a leg on
each side of Ryoko's hips. Taking the remaining bottle, she added a trace of oil
from Ryoko's neck to her thighs. Proptly she began to massage it into Ryoko's
skin, her hands roaming over Ryoko's body; playing with her breast; circling the
gem at her throat. The oil on the table from their 'fight' stuck to Ryoko as she
squirmed under Tsunami's pleasuring touch.

Soon Ryoko was covered in the slippery oil, her body glistening in the sunlight
from the windows. She gently reversed positions with Tsunami, and started
applying oil to her willing body. Rubbing the oil all over her, Ryoko soon had
Tsunami glistening in the same way as herself. She shifted slightly in her
position, bringing her pelvis into contact with Tsunami's. They rubbed against
each other, their moans increasing as the pleasure brought them closer.

Laying back on top of Tsunami, they started rubbing their oil-coated bodies
against each other. Bringing her hands down, Tsunami started playing with
Ryoko's clit. Ryoko shuddered against Tsunami's body as a wave of pleasure ran
through her, and soon she brought her own hands down to repay the favour.

Deciding to up the ante, Ryoko turned around bringing them to a 69. Adding her
tongue to the job, Ryoko had Tsunami moaning and squirming under her. Tsunami
levelled the field by applying her own tongue, and started easing a finger into
Ryoko soon after.

Ryoko's breath quickened as Tsunami applied another finger to the one already in
Ryoko. She felt the tension rising as an orgasm built within her, and in a last
ditch effort to bring Tsunami with her over the edge, she slid two of her own
fingers into Tsunami.

Tsunami was almost swept away by a wave of pleasure as Ryoko did her best to
finish her off. Almost lost in pleasure she managed to quicken the pace at which
she was finger-fucking Ryoko. This proved to be enough, and Ryoko cried out as a
mind-shattering orgasm blew away her mind. However the squirming of Ryoko's
oil-coated body against her's, brought Tsunami over the edge as well. She added
her own cry of ecstasy as she was taken to the Clouds and the Rain.

After a minute the duet died down to quiet moans, as their bodies relaxed. Ryoko
slid off Tsunami and turned around to face her. Laying down at her side, Ryoko
brought Tsunami in for a kiss. They alternated initiating short kisses. Tsunami
quickly noted the growing urgency in Ryoko's kisses, and her hands roaming
Tsunami's still glistening body.

"Still horny Ryoko-chan?"

Ryoko's steamy gaze was all the answer she needed.

"You're quite the sex-kitten. I think I know just what to do about that."

The mischievous glint was back in Tsunami's eyes as she slid down the table
until her head was resting at Ryoko's thigh. With one hand she grabbed the
bottle of salad oil and poured some over Ryoko's pussy and her other hand
playing with it. When Ryoko's privates were covered in a slick layer of oil she 
grabbed a cucumber with her empty hand and began rubbing it against Ryoko's clit
and pussy-lips. Applying a bit more oil, the cucumber was soon coated, and Ryoko
was moaning loudly at the sensations from the cucumber rubbing her
unmentionables.

Slowly Tsunami let the tip of the cucumber slip inside Ryoko's hole, already
lubricated by love juices. Ryoko shivered at the contact, and Tsunami brought
the tip outside again only to slowly ease it back. She continued teasing Ryoko
in this manner until she managed a "Please..st-stop teasing m-me...I..I need it
...n-now".

Complying with Ryoko's wish, Tsunami slid the cucumber into her waiting pussy.
Ryoko cried out Tsunami's name as she felt the immense pleasure of the cucumber
sliding deep into her. Tsunami brought it back out, until only the tip was
inside, then pressed it back in. Continuing to slowly push the cucumber in and
out of Ryoko, Tsunami started licking her clit. Ryoko's body shuddered and
writhened with pleasure, sliding around the oil-covered table. Each time it went
in, a little bit more of the cucumber would be submerged in Ryoko's dripping
pussy.

Around the tenth stroke only the tip of the cucumber could be seen protuding
from Ryoko's glistening slit, and Ryoko was thrashing around on the table in
ecstasy. The sensation of the cucumber buried so deep in her body and Tsunami's
skilled tongue at work on her clit brought Ryoko over the edge and then some.
Her loud cries of pleasure echoed through the kitchen, loud enough to drown out
the landing of a treeship outside.

--- * ---

First Crown Prince Tenchi Hakubi Jurai brought his treeship, the Achika, to a
perfect standstill over the lake. The majestetic ship hovered in the same
gravity-defying manner as the onsen, like a sculptured wooden piece of art
suspended in time.

Tenchi gave a mental command with the Master Key, and Achika teleported him to
just outside the door of his house. He gave a quick loving thought to his two
wives, who would surely tackle him in a group hug/glomp the minute he knocked
the door. He missed them a lot, and knew how much they missed him after even a
few days apart.

Smiling he knocked the door, mentally bracing for impact. When nothing happened
his face changed to a more puzzled expression. It was hard to miss a spaceship
landing beside the house. Surely they must have heard him?
Knocking a second time, Tenchi recieved still no response.

He opened the door and stepped inside, still wondering where his wives were and
how they could not have heard him approach. He almost immediately got the
answer, in the form of a load cry of pleasure from the direction of the kitchen.
Before his brain had identified the source and nature of the sound, he had
turned his head in direction of the kitchen, and his eyes went wide.

Tenchi had been through a lot of things in his life. Freeing demons, fighting
avatars, discovering his heritage and dealing with goddesses. Still, nothing
could have prepared him for the sight his eyes met when he looked into the
kitchen.

The centre table of the kitchen was coated in salad oil, and covered with the
patron goddesses of two worlds. These two incredibly curvy megami were stark
naked and covered in oil themselves, glistening in the sunlight like a teenage
fantasy. The tree-goddess sat on her knees, bend over the neko-goddess, sliding
a cucumber deep into her naked slit. The cyan haired beauty was squirming on the
table, squeezing her glistening breasts with her hands. The blue haired beauty
had her firm oiled ass pointing into the air, her wet pussy directly in view.

By pure reflex Tenchi's hand went to his nose. Even if conditioned to the sight
of his sexy wives naked and getting naughty, his nose was hard pressed not to
erupt in a red geyser. Another part of him reacted as promptly, creating a tent
in his regal robes at his crotch.

For a short while he was paralyzed by the sight of Tsunami working on Ryoko's
third orgasm while pointing her ass in the air in a most inviting fashion.
Slowly regaining his wits, his attention turned to a piece of him which had
awakened from the sight and sounds in the kitchen. Soon Tenchi's hormones had
made the decision for him, and he moved stealthily into the kitchen, disrobing
as he went.

Silent like a ninja he crawled up on the table behind his oblivious first wife.
Now naked himself, he positioned the head of his throbbing erection on Tsunami's
coated pussy-lips. The gentle contact tickled his sensitive head, stiffening him
further. Then with a "Honey, I'm home" he slid his shaft deep inside Tsunami,
burying his length in her lubricated hole.

Tsunami cried out from pleasure as she felt the warm length of Tenchi's member
sliding into her. His remark lingered on the edge of her conciousness, as she
was lost in a wave of pleasure, but she already instinctively knew who it was.
Her concentration on pleasuring Ryoko was further broken when he started fucking
her, slowly increasing tempo.

Ryoko was still oblivious to Tenchi's arrival, lost in the sensation of the
cucumber now completely buried in her. Tsunami was quicly approaching the edge
as Tenchis warm pole drove in and out of her. With each stroke he brought his
erect manhood in to the root, his balls briefly touching her sensitive clit.
Already hot from their action, Tsunami could only take so much of this before 
her mind was washed away. She cried out his name as the orgasm overtook her.

Ryoko's mind was caught by the sound of his name being cried in pleasure, and
she opened her eyes to see Tsunami collapsing on her, Tenchi standing behind her
with his dripping erection, and a warm smile on his face as he observed them.
Rolling around, Ryoko brought the exhausted Tsunami under her and got up on all
fours. She wiggled her ass invitingly at Tenchi.

Tenchi saw Ryoko's shapely ass standing in front of his erection. The tip of the
cucumber still buried in her was visible just inside her pussy, and her
unconciously summoned tail was making inviting gestures towards her vacant hole.
The low purr emanating from her throat as she looked back at him over her
shoulder with a seductive gaze completed her neko image.

Grabbing the half full bottle, Tenchi placed the bottleneck just inside her ass
and began pouring salad oil into her. Ryoko squirmed as the cold slippery liquid
flowed into her, slowly filling her other hole. When the bottle was spent,
Tenchi discarded it. He watched fascinated as excess oil flowed out her ass,
down her pussy around the protuding tip of the cucumber, dripping down on to
Tsunami's stomach.

Placing the tip of his cock between Ryoko's slippery ass cheeks, he slowly eased
himself inside her, pushing out oil from her full hole. Ryoko who had only just
attuned to the feeling of the cool oil filling her hole now felt the warmth of
Tenchi's erection working it's way into her. She cried out with pleasure as he
completed his first stroke, burying his dick completely in her ass. His balls
now between her ass-cheeks, could feel some of the remaining oil seeping out.

Tenchi slowly started thrusting in and out of Ryoko, her moans testament of the
pleasure he was giving her. His own mind was almost numb with the incredible
feeling of her tight warm lubricated canal engulfing his cock. Going steady,
their mutual pleasure rose as they both worked closer to orgasm.

Recovering from her previous orgasm, Tsunami started massaging Ryoko's bouncing
breasts. Shifting position beneath Ryoko, Tsunami turned 180 so she had a clear
view of Tenchi's dick pounding into Ryoko's ass. With her left hand she started
rubbing Ryoko's clit, while her right hand started moving the cucumber around
inside Ryoko. In her position, head directly beneath Ryoko's ass and pussy, the
oil seeping from both holes would drip on her face, but Tsunami made no move to
change this. Soon her face has glistening from a thin coverage of oil and
juices, from her neck to past her megami marks.

Ryoko was already close when Tsunami resumed her attentions to the cucumber and
her clit. The sensation of having both her holes filled with thrusting poles
combined with the pleasure flowing from her clit brought her over the edge and
far beyond. As she shivered in the third orgasm that day, the fourth rolled over
her, sweeping her completely away.

As Ryoko came, her muscles contracted around Tenchi's erection. The pleasure
overwhelmed Tenchi, taking him over the edge as well. Thrusting deep into the
writhening Ryoko, Tenchi shot his first hot load in the depth of her ass. At
this point Ryoko collapsed on top of Tsunami, her body still convulsing in a
mindblowing orgasm. Tenchi's cock now out in the open shot another glob of
sticky white semen into the air. It landed on Ryoko's ass drawing a trail down
her slit and finally onto Tsunami's left cheek. Aiming downwards, his third shot
splashed against Tsunami's forehead, covering her marks in his hot liquid.

Tsunami felt the hot sticky fluid running down her face as more streaks were
added to her cheeks, nose and forehead. Reflexively she closed her left eye when
she saw another load spewing fourth in that direction, and soon after she felt
the hot semen pooling on her eyelid, parts of it running down her temple. Yet
another load landed on her lips and tongue. As the white liquid settled on her
tongue, she noticed the familiar salty flavour of the hot glob in her mouth.
Another two shots flew into her mouth, adding to the sticky pool gathering
there. She felt the heat of his slowly relaxing rod resting against her coated
forehead, and closed her mouth. Relaxing from the ordeal she swallowed the warm
salty load in her mouth with a contended sigh.

Tenchi looked down, the fog of pleasure slowly lifting from his vision. In front
of him was the two goddesses, hist first and second wives, covered in a
glistening slippery layer of salad oil. The neko-goddess was sprawled on top of
the tree-goddess, a combination of sperm and oil leaking from her ass, covering
the tip of the cucumber visible in her slit. The patron goddess of Jurai was
covered in a mix of semen and oil from the base of her neck to her forehead
where his relaxing dick rested, covering the megami-marks with the last seed
oozing out of it. Her eyes were closed in contentment, allowing a pool of his
semen to to rest on her left eyelid. Her throat bulging as she swallowed the
load which had gathered in her mouth. The only sounds breaking the tranquility
were a satisfied sigh from Tsunami and a low purr from Ryoko.

A little while later Tenchi finally broke the silence.

"Well, if this is what those tutoring sessions in cooking is about, you can sign
me up for some lessons anytime."

				     -----
				====[ END ]====
				     -----

Another out of context lemon from me.
This story breaks with two of my main principles regarding Tenchi Muyo fics:
 1) It has Tenchi married to Tsunami
 2) It has Tenchi married to more than one girl
But since this is a lemon with no story and no plot, I will let it slide for
now.
I have chosen to call the Sasami/Tsunami personality by her goddess name to
emphasize that this is not a Sasami-lemon.
Tenchi's treeship is named Achika after his mother, just as Yosho's treeship is
named after his mother (Funaho).
Comments, criticism and suggestions are always welcome.
Unless everybody flames me, you'll probably see more fics like this. I have
plans for at least two Universe fics, one with the Dimension Tuner, and a
crossover of some sort.
Email: ecchihalf@yahoo.com

Hope you liked it.

Ecchi Half