Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns TM!  Minagi and Hinase belong to Viz.   I'm just
using them for a time.

HOWEVER!  Mica, Mico, Rica, Claric, and Celestia are mine.

=-=-=-=-=
Dark Times

Part Ten:  The Truth Revealed

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
=-=-=-=-=

        Above Jurai, a lone figure has a serious problem.  Standing like a
gold
sentinel, Celestia is unable to regain her human form.  "What do I do?  This
is worse than before!  At least I looked human then!"

        <Calm down.  If your emotions are a mess, how do you expect to
concentrate
on the problem?>

        Calming herself, "you're right.  But, what do I do?"  Sitting cross
legged
in space, "I gotta figure this out."  As she starts to wonder, she can see a
ship appear in the distance.  "Tsunami must be down."  <Too bad I can't go
to the planet.  They'd freak if they saw me.>  Closing her eyes, she starts
to concentrate.

=-=-=-=-=
        As the ship Tsunami returns to Jurai, Washu and Yosho interrogate
Mica and
Claric.  Presently, the interogatees are sitting across a table from them.
Their hands are behind them, with a 'figure 8' beam holding them.  "What did
you want with Sasami?" Washu asks.  "What were you going to do with her?"

        "A woman named Tokimi asked us to bring her.  She gave me the power
to do
so," Mica explains.

        "Then why did you change her so much?" she continues, almost
screeching.
"Why did you turn her so bitter?"

        "Isn't it obvious?" Claric says.  "We wanted to crush Jurai for what
they
did to us.  We were completely cut off from everything we knew."

        "The planet you were put on was a peaceful one.  Why did you have to
destroy us?" Yosho asks.

        "Iron bars and concrete aren't needed to make a prison," Claric
answers.

        "And what of you, Mica?" Yosho continues.  "Have you fallen to a
vindictive
nature as well?"

        "I wasn't given a choice in the matter.  But, if it wasn't for me,
Sasami
would've been much worse off."

        "I see.  You took care of her and kept her from Claric.  Is that
it?" Washu
asks.

        "Yes.  I didn't agree with Claric's methods, so I took her away from
him.
It was my hope that I could reverse what's been done.  I did all I could,
but the damage was too severe."

        Washu looks at Mica in a new light, as she realizes what exactly is
going
on.  "So, it's Claric that should take the blame.  I oughta kill you," she
says.

        Yosho looks to Washu, "I think maybe Mica should be released.  He
may be
able to lead us to this Tokimi."

        "Precisely," he says.  "I can lead you to Tokimi.  If you free me, I
can
take you to her.  She is the only clue left in this puzzle."

        A moment passes, and Sasami is brought into the room forcefully by
Ryoko
and Minagi.  "A long time ago, I thought you were my friends," she says to
them.

        "Oh, shut up," Ryoko replies.  "I've heard just about enough of that
crap,"
she says, forcing Sasami into a chair next to Claric.

        As Washu watches the display, she notices Sasami's bandaged
shoulder.
"Sasami," Washu starts.

        "The name's-" the woman shouts.

        "You are NOT!" Washu barks.  "The Tsunami I know would never do any
of
this.  Sasami, I just want to know why you did this."

        "What?  Strike Jurai?  I did that to strike those that hurt me."

        "Who?  Claric?"

        "No.  You.  You and your friends."

        "Sasami," Ryoko says, "Claric's been messing with your head.  He's
been
lying to you in order to control you."

        "Lies?" she stammers.  "But, it was so real.  It couldn't be lies.
Then
again, there was so much, that it may have blended after awhile."

        "Tell me, Sasami," Washu says softly, "what did they say to you?
What have
you been shown?"

        "Fine.  If you want to know what I've been through, I'll tell you."
Over
the next hour, Sasami tells them of what she's seen.  At certain times,
Washu looks ready to kill.  But, those moments pass.

        Finally, Sasami stops talking as she finishes her story.  "If hadn't
been
for Mica, my life down there would've been worse."

        Washu looks to the said individual, "so, why have you gone this far?
Why
didn't you just take her back from the beginning?"

        "I can only use my full powers when I've split.  Mico would have
interfered
too much.  The most I can do otherwise is make a sword."

        Washu disables the beam around Mica, "I see you've been trying to
help her.
  I guess I can trust you.  Will you take us to Tokimi?"

        "Yes.  I will."

        "This is the second time she's tried something like this," Washu
says.
"It's time to pay her a visit."

=-=-=-=-=
        Although Azusa was injured during the fight with his daughter, he's
been
recovering nicely since then.  Of course, Misaki and Funaho have been nearby
him to support their husband.

        As Funaho sits next to the sleeping Azusa, she still tries to
process the
thought of Sasami turning against them.  As she's pondering, Misaki walks
into the room, a bit more cheerfully than when she left.  "There's good
news.  Washu and the rest are planning on leaving.  They're going to fight
someone named Tokimi."

        "Really?  I guess she needs to be dealt with."

        "Ryoko, Washu, Ayeka, Tenchi, and Sasami will be leaving soon.  I
hope they
find her."

        "What about Minagi?  Isn't she going too?  She seems like one that
helps
out."

        "Yeah, but she's taking that golden girl home.  So, I guess she is
helping."

        "Come on," Funaho says, leading her sister out of the room, "let's
go see
them off."

=-=-=-=-=
        On the landing pad outside, the aforementioned group is joined by
Claric
and Mica.  Above the assembly is Tsunami.  Funaho and Misaki walk out of the
palace to see them.

        "Take care of yourselves," Funaho says to them.

        "Come back to us!" Misaki shouts.  "I'm counting on you, Tenchi!"

        "Don't worry," Tenchi says, "if there's anything we can do, we'll do
it."

        Pulling out his key, "wish us luck!" Mica adds.  The said instrument
glows
for a second, and the group disappears in a flash of light.  Not a second
later, Tsunami lifts out of the atmosphere and disappears.

        "Good luck," Funaho says quietly.

=-=-=-=-=
        Sasami sits quietly against the main tree, lost in thought.  Claric
is
sitting a short distance away, looking pale.  Mica walks over and sits next
to Sasami, looking quite concerned.  "Is everything alright?" he asks.

        "No.  I don't know who to believe anymore.  I don't know who's lying
and
who's not."

        "Don't worry.  We'll get you help."  Standing again, "excuse me.  I
have to
direct your friends."  Walking over to Washu, "are you ready to go?"

        "Yes," she responds.

        "Alright.  When Mico appears, keep her busy."

        "Mico?" Tenchi inquires.  But, he is answered as Mica once again
splits
into Mico and Rica.  Upon doing so, Tenchi activates his sword and puts it
to Mico's throat.  "Don't move."

        "I have no wish to fight you anymore," Mico says.  "Since Claric was
defeated, I am no longer with him."

        Tenchi lowers his sword, "alright."

        Upon seeing this, Rica uses his black bands to open a
trans-dimensional
tunnel.  Satisfied with his work, he uses his Juraian key to fly Tsunami
right into it.  Upon entry, the ship flies at astounding speeds.

        However, as Rica flies, he starts to weaken.  At the same time, Mico
starts
to fall limp.  "Never...had a tunnel...this big."

        "Come on, Rica," Ryoko says, "you can do it!"

        "A few...more seconds...  Can't...let it...close..."  A mere seconds
later,
Tsunami pops out the other end.  Instantly, Rica drops to the deck and Mico
disappears into him.  Directly ahead of them is a path that defies logic.
Water running in open space.  With a whale to boot.

        "We're heeerree," Washu says in true Poltergeist fashion."

        Mica stands weakly, "as if it wasn't creepy enough, Washu."

=-=-=-=-=
        D3 appears in his usual translucent state.  "Lady Tokimi, we have
visitors," he says in his cold voice.

        ~Yes,~ she responds.  ~Bring them to me.~

        "As you wish," he says, vanishing.

        ~Tsunami, Washu, the gems, even the boy.  This must be too good to
be
true.~

=-=-=-=-=
        After a trip down the long corridor, the assembly finally appears in
a
gigantic hall.  "Now, this is creepy," Ryoko comments.

        "Yes," Ayeka agrees.  "This is pretty scary."

        "Wimps," Sasami adds.  "You should have see what I went through."

        Ryoko simply rolls her eyes.  "Here we go again.  Sasami, aren't you
ever
going to get it?  We're not against you!"

        "Would you both be quiet?" Washu snaps.  "This isn't the time."

        Finally, the group appears on a platform high above the ground.
"Now where
do we go?" Tenchi asks.

        "Greetings," D3 says, appearing on the stage.  "We have been
expecting
you."

        "Who are you?" Mica asks.  "And where is Tokimi?"

        "LADY Tokimi will be here shortly.  I am D3.  Lady Tokimi simply
wanted me
to warn you of her nature."  Hearing something in the back of his mind,
"yes, my Lady.  Lady Tokimi will see you now."

        Appearing in her usual manner, ~Greetings,~ says the abnormally tall
woman.
  ~I am known as Tokimi.~

        "So," Washu starts, "you're the one that's been trying to capture
us.
First Clay, and now them.  What do you want so badly?"

        Smiling, ~you are just as irritable as before, Washu.  Dr. Clay was
unstable.  I overlooked this due to his familiarity to you.~

        "Before?  Do I know you?"

        ~A long time ago, yes,~ she states.  ~But, we were forced to
separate.~
Tokimi disappears momentarily and reappears on the disc of a floor.  ~It is
a long, yet complex tale.~

        "We don't have anywhere to go," Ryoko adds.  "Let's hear it."

        ~Very well,~ she continues.  ~20,000 years ago, the three of us,
Tsunami,
myself, and you, Washu, were responsible for keeping universal peace.  But,
the peace was shattered by a powerful creature calling himself Micao.  He
was defeated, but at a terrible price.  You and Tsunami were gravely
injured.  As a final blow, he attempted to take the three of us with him in
death.  I used my powers to save the two of you, and sealed your memories in
the gems your daughter wears.  And, with my last ounce of energy, I sent you
away.  After I recovered, I saw what had become of you.  Washu had
assimilated with a child, and became curious as to how the universe
functioned.  Tsunami became one with a tree, and founded the Jurai empire.
>From there, I'm sure you know.~

        "So," Washu says, "why did you want to see us?  To say hello?"

        ~No.  My intention was to use the gems to return us to who we once
were.~
Tokimi holds her hand out, palm up, and the gems appear above it.  Ryoko
looks to her wrists, curiously.  ~They were not meant for you, Ryoko,~
Tokimi states.  One gem floats over to Washu, and another floats over to
Sasami.

        Sasami takes it, "Tsunami's memories?"

        Washu takes hers and waits silently.

        ~Now,~ Tokimi says, ~let us be truly reunited, sisters!~  That said,
the
gems glow, and appear in the foreheads of Tokimi, Sasami, and Washu.

        "Do you have any idea what will happen?" Ayeka asks Tenchi.

        "No.  I don't.  We'll probably find out, though."

        "They will become what they once were," Claric states.  "Say goodbye
to
your sister, Ayeka."

        "I doubt that," she returns.

        Without warning, Sasami drops to the floor, holding her temples.
"No...It's too much."  As the gem arcs power around itself, it causes a
unique reaction.  Standing, "Tokimi," she says in a much more mature voice,
"what have you done?"  Her clothes shift to that of Tsunami's.

        ~It was only my intention to see you again, Tsunami.  I had little
control
of the methods.~

        "Tsunami," Washu says coldly, "I believe Claric is solely
responsible for
this."

        Walking over to him, "Claric," Tsunami starts, angrily, "you were
always so
vindictive."

        Fearfully, "what are you going to do?"

        "What I should have done long ago."  Reaching her hands out, a short
flash
of light emanates from them.  A second later, Claric is absorbed by the
light and vanishes.  Walking back to her sisters, Tsunami removes the gem,
and drops it to the floor.  "I will not reunite with you if I have to live
like this.  Sasami's experiences has changed me, as well."

        Washu takes out her gem and drops it as well.  "I agree with
Tsunami.  I
will not join you if I have to know that Sasami's innocence was stolen from
her."

        Tokimi looks to the pair in understanding.  ~Yes.  The conditions
Sasami
was put through must have been extreme.~  In agreement with her sisters,
Tokimi removes her gem as well.  She then picks up the other two.

        Tsunami splits off from Sasami, who looks a bit confused.  "Tsunami?
Is
that you?" Sasami asks.

        Silently, Tsunami waves her hand over Sasami's face, instantly
putting her
into a slumber.  As she falls, she is caught by Mica.  "Will she be alright,
Tsunami?" he asks, lowering her to the floor.

        "Yes, I believe she will be."  Tsunami reaches her hands towards her
younger self, as they glow brightly.  What follows is nothing short of
miraculous.  Sasami's body shrinks and grows younger by the second.  After
only a minute, Sasami is once again eleven years old.  "I have erased her
memories from the past ten years of her life.  When she awakes, she will
remember nothing of that nightmare world."

        Ayeka walks over and picks up her sister.  "Thank you, Tsunami," she
says,
tearfully.

        Ryoko walks over to her mother, "well, everything's back to normal.
Shall
we be off?"

        Tokimi walks over to Ryoko and hands her the gems.  ~You seem worthy
of
these gems.  I will leave them in your care, for now.~  Looking to Tsunami,
~when you are ready, return to me.  I shall be waiting.~

        Smiling, "One day, I will return to you, Tokimi," Tsunami replies.
"Then,
we will be reunited."

        ~I shall look forward to it.  Until then, farewell.~  She then
disappears,
as do the shadow figures lining the hall.

        Tsunami turns towards the group, "let's go home."  Looking to her
sleeping
younger form, "there are things that need to be finished."

-Concluded in "Times of Light!"-