Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns Tenchi Muyo!  I am not making a profit off of
this.

However!  Mico, Mica, Rica, Celestia, and Claric are mine!

=-=-=-=-=
Dark Times

Chapter Seven:  Jurai Bound

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
=-=-=-=-=

        As he crawls out the small hole, Mica can see firsthand the horrors
of this
region.  Harsh winds.  Little vegetation.  Rocky ground.  "How nice.  This
is nothing like the rest of the world."

        ~That is correct,~ a soft voice says, despite the howling winds.
~That is
because you are not on that planet anymore.  But, your location is
unimportant.~

        "Who are you?" he shouts over the noise.

        ~That is not your concern at the moment.  But, what you are standing
on is
definately important.~

        He looks down to see a black, uneven diamond under his foot.  "What
is
this," he says, bending to take it.  "A black crystal?  Is this even
possible?"

        ~I need your help.  I need you to bring someone to me.  That crystal
will
help you.~

        "Who?" he asks, curiously.

        A blank space appears before him, and the image of a young girl
appears on
it.  ~This girl.  Bring her to me, and you shall be able to rejoin your
kindred.  But, for now, join your brother.~  A second later, Mica appears on
the beautiful planet that he's know for a thousand years.

        "Mica?" Claric says, concerned.  "Is everything all right?"

        Looking at the crystal in his hand, "yeah.  Everything's fine."

=-=-=-=-=
        Later, Mica is sitting alone against one of the many trees of this
world.
"She said that the crystal will help me.  But, how?"  Squeezing it, a brief
shine emenates from it.  A second later, black armbands swirl onto his arms.
  "What's going on?"  That's when he blacks out.

=-=-=-=-=
        Awaking with a headache, it is found that the armbands are gone, as
well as
the crystal.  "What the hell happened?" the being almost shouts.  Looking
down, he sees that "she" would be more appropriate.  "What the-?  That damn
crystal turned me into a woman!"  Turning red, <and a naked one, at that.>
Looking around, she sees another figure lying with his back to her.  This
new person, however, is wearing what she wore only moments ago.

        He turns, waking up.  "What has happened?" he says, cooly.  Looking
to the
nude woman, "who are you?"

        Doing her best to cover her well formed body with her arms, "I-I
don't
know.  I WAS Mica.  Now, I guess I'm not."

        "Strange.  I could say the same thing."  Then reality strikes a
grand slam.
  "Oh, dear."

        "Now, I understand.  Those bands split me into US.  She tricked me!"
she
shouts, flaring her Jurai power.  "Now what am I supposed to do?" she
shouts.

        "You can calm down, for starters."

        "I can't!  Can't you see?  We've been set up!"  Standing, she
reveals her
body to 'himself.'  After all, who's she going to embarass?  Herself?  "I
wonder what Claric will say?"

        "We've been here for a thousand years.  If we can get this girl, we
can be
free!"  Looking to his crystal, "I wonder what else this can do?"

        <A great many things,> he hears in the back of his head.

        "Who are you?" the man asks.

        <I am Cosmo.  You have been chosen to use my powers.>

        "And what are those?"

        <You can do many things.  A side effect is that you will be split
when you
activate them.>

        "And we can recombine when done, correct?"

        <That's right.>  A second later, the woman disappears, and Mica
replaces
the man.  The armbands disappear shortly afterward.

        "So, why me?" he asks.

        <I am uncertain.  But, you can do whatever you want, now.>

        "Mica?" Claric asks, walking onto the scene.  "Is everything
alright?"

        "Yeah.  Everything's fine."

        ~Claric.  Mica.~ a soft, but stern voice calls.

        "It's you again.  Don't worry.  I'll get the girl."

        "Mica," Claric asks, "who is that?"

        "That's a good question.  I ask that you show yourself."

        A woman in alien garb appears.  ~I am known as Tokimi.  You know
what I
ask.  Do so, and I shall grant whatever you wish.~

        "Why us?" Mica asks.  "If she is so important, why not just go
directly to
her?"

        ~Because-~

        "Mica?" a voice calls from elsewhere.

=-=-=-=-=
        Waking up, Mica sees he's in his own room, on board Tsunami.  Ahead
of him
is the pilot of the same name.  "Tsunami..." he says, groggily.  "Is
something wrong?"

        "I was going to ask the same question.  You were tossing and turning
a
bit."

        Putting his hand to his face, "I was remembering the past.  It's
starting
to haunt me a bit."  Removing it, "you look a little bent out of shape.
What's up?"

        "I don't know what to do, right now.  Ayeka's comment really got to
me,
yesterday."

        "Oh, about not being her sister anymore?"

        Sitting next to him, "no.  I don't care about that.  She really
isn't much
of a sister, anyway.  But, what I meant is what she said about taking me off
Jurai, 700 years ago."

        "She said she wanted you to be safe.  I believe her."

        "I don't know who to believe, anymore."  Touching the wooden ring on
her
finger, she disables her armor, and returns her clothes to a t-shirt and
long pants.

        Mica puts his hand to her face, caressing it gently.  "You can
believe me."

        Putting her hands over his one, "I know.  You've always been there
for me."
  Reaching her head over, she kisses him softly.  The next hour of love
serves to clarify what Tsunami needs to do.

=-=-=-=-=
        As they fly through space, Ryo-Ohki and her crew plan their
strategy.
Washu, Ryoko, Ayeka, and Celestia are present.

        "Washu," Celestia asks, "are you always this crazy?"

        "Yes!" Ayeka and Ryoko say in unison.

        "Desperate times call for desperate measures," Washu says.  "And,
Sasami is
forcing us into this."

        "The plan is simple, really," Ryoko says.  "We crash into Tsunami,
fight
off everyone, and, when we get Tenchi, we'll drink sake all night long."

        "You do that anyway," Ayeka adds.

        "Ryoko will fight Tsunami, Ayeka will fight Rica, and you'll fight
Mico.
Claric is mine."

        "You sound pretty specific," Ayeka says.

        "It HAS to be that way, Ayeka," Washu answers.  "Ryoko is the only
one that
can do anything to Tsunami.  Celestia can't fight Rica, and Claric's mine."

        "I guess you're right."

=-=-=-=-=
        As Hinase and her crew enter Ryuten airspace, she finds that
Mimasaka is
nowhere to be found.  Minagi and company are currently gathered around
Hinase's bridge.  "Where's Asahi?"

        "Maybe she's been called away for something," her ship responds.

        "Maybe.  But, for what?"

        "Minagi?" Kiyone asks.

        "I'll drop you off at Asahi's place.  After that, I've gotta go.
I've got
to get to Jurai."

        "If something bad happens," Yosho starts, "I want to help."

        "I know.  If we need any of you, I'll be back.  Alright?"

        "Alright," they all respond.

        "Good luck," Yosho says, disappearing with the rest.

        Smiling, "let's go!  We have to get to Jurai!"  With that, Hinase
and
Minagi take off towards the said planet.

=-=-=-=-=
        "That's right," Ayeka confirms.  Standing on Ryo-Ohki, she has a
screen
ahead of her with Funaho, her aunt.  "I believe Sasami may be heading for
Jurai."

        "And you say she's on a vindictive rampage?  That doesn't sound like
her at
all."

        "I know.  But, it is important that you slow her down.  She has
Tenchi, and
we are going to get him back."

        "We'll try.  But, against our most powerful ship?  It's not going to
be
easy."

        "Thank you."  With that, the screen disappears with Funaho.  Looking
towards the rest, "that's it.  We are all set," Ayeka says.

=-=-=-=-=
        Jurai.  Simple.  Beautiful.  Peaceful.  And now has 5300 tree ships
in the
surrounding space.  In addition, there are another 60,000 in the Great
Arboritum.

        On one such ship, a man with a long black beard sits on the throne,
accompanied by his two wives.  All three are silently waiting.  Waiting for
their end, perhaps.  Still, they are needed.  They may be the only ones that
can stop their daughter.

        If not for Ayeka's transmission only an hour ago, none of the ships
would
be here.

        "Sis," Misaki asks, "what do you think happened to Sasami?  Why
would she
do something like this?" she asks, almost sobbing.

        "She may be the only one who knows.  Don't worry.  We'll work it
out."

        Azusa puts a hand on Misaki's, partially calming her.  "Don't worry.
I'm
not going to rest until she's back to normal."  This stops her from sobbing,
and also gets her to smile a bit.

        A screen opens a few feet from the trio.  A young man with black
hair
appears.  "Your majesty, we are detecting Tsunami on long range sensors.
She's coming here."

        "Tell all ships to fire only if fired upon," Funaho orders.  "All
ships to
red alert."

        "Yes, your highness," he says, disappearing.

        "Here she comes," he grumbles.  <I don't know what you're doing,
Sasami.
But, please stop.  I don't want you hurt.>

        Misaki looks to the open space, worry covering her face.  <Don't do
this,
my little Sasami.>

        Funaho looks in the same general direction, waiting for Jurai's most
powerful ship.  <This should be interesting.>

=-=-=-=-=
        After leaving Yatsuka, Tsunami lost the only way of tracking her
targets.
Giving up on them, at least for now, Tsunami decides to pay a visit to
someone else.  Dropping out of warp, a planet is barely visible ahead.
Activating the Light Hawk Wings, she prepares for battle.

        "What are you doing?" Tenchi asks from his now uncomfortable
position (he's
been forced to kneel for the past few days!).  "You're not going to attack a
planet, are you?"

        Tsunami walks over to her captive and bends to meet eyes.  "And what
if I
am?  Are you going to stop me?"  She slaps his face with all her might.
"Fool!  I can and will do whatever I want."

        Tenchi looks to the viewscreen again to see thousands of twinklings
surrounding the planet.  "You wouldn't!  That's your home!  Sasami, even you
can't-"  He is cut off as the bubble sends a rather nasty shock through him.
  <Good thing I still have my battle gear.  It took most of the shock.  But,
it still hurt!>

        "First of all, Tenchi, my name is Tsunami.  Sasami is GONE!  Second,
striking Jurai is the best way to strike against those that hurt me.  After
all, your friends eluded me.  I have to vent somewhere."

        "You're right.  Sasami is gone.  You're nothing but a twisted
version of
her."

        Tsunami looks at him with a glare that promises murder.  "Just
remember,
Tenchi," she says softly, "I don't need you," she finishes, sending another
shock through him.

=-=-=-=-=
        Half a parsec from Jurai, (that's 1.63 light years, BTW) Ryo-Ohki
looks to
her crew, concerned.  Ayeka is in her battle gear, and has a sword in hand.
One of the advantages of the battle armor.  Ryoko is in her black and red
outfit.  Celestia has lightweight crystaline armor on her body.  And, Washu
is in her usual clothes.

        "Meow?" Ryo-Ohki asks.

        "Yes, Ryo-Ohki," Ryoko says.  "We're ready."

        Passing Ryuten, "we're almost there," Washu says.  "We should be
there in
about seven minutes."

=-=-=-=-=
        Standing on her bridge, Tsunami looks to the various ships ahead of
her.
"It seems they're not firing.  Maybe they're smarter than I thought."

        "Or," Tenchi adds, "maybe they don't want to fire on you.  Have you
thought
of that?  Through all you've done, your father still cares about you.  Don't
you see that?"

        "I doubt it.  He'll do what's best for Jurai.  If it means taking me
down,
he won't hesitate."  Looking to Mica, "Mica, give me your key."

        Mica takes out the relic and hands it to her.  "Why?  What do you
need it
for?"

        Tsunami takes it, and immediately envelops it in light.  After a
minute,
the light fades.  She then gives it back to Mica.  "You should be able to
control my ship now.  Before, it could only control first generation tree
ships and beyond.  Now, you can control even this one."

        "That's great!  But, why?"

        Changing into her battle gear, "I'm just going to have a little fun.
If
any ship out there fires, destroy them all."  That said, she disappears.

        Mica looks at Claric, concerned.  "Do you really think she'll do
what I
think she'll do?"

        Smiling, "yes.  She will."

=-=-=-=-=
        Reappearing on Azusa's ship, Tsunami casually walks towards her
father.  A
few guards try to restrain her, but are brushed off.  "Hello, father," she
says in a cold tone.

        "Sasami!" Misaki shouts.

        Tsunami looks to her mother, a little angry.  "Not anymore."

        "What have they done to you?" Funaho asks.  "What happened to my
niece?"

        "I was shown the truth.  I was too young to know any better, but,
now I
know."

        Minagi appears on the area.  "There you are, Tsunami."  Creating a
beam
sword, "Stay where you are."

        "Stay where YOU are, Minagi.  What is it that you want, daughter?"
Azusa
asks, curiously.

        Creating her Light Hawk Sword, "what do I want?  I want to teach you
some
manners.  I want to show you the error of your ways."

        Azusa stands and pulls out a key similar to Sword Tenchi.  "I really
don't
want to fight you, my daughter."  Activating the sword, "but, if it will
knock some sense into you, I will."

        Running for him, "so be it!"

        Returning the charge, he swings, but is blocked by his daughter's
blade.
"You've trained, I see."

        "Nobody on Earth or Jurai would teach me.  So, Mica showed me sword
techniques."  Striking herself, "nobody thought I should learn."

        Blocking it, "that's not true!  You were just too young!"  Swinging
again,
he is met by Tsunami's sword once more.

        Locking blades, "Tenchi was much younger than I was when he
started."

        Backing off, "how long have you been training?  You're quite good."

        "Almost ten years.  I had nothing else to do, since nobody showed up
to
rescue me."

=-=-=-=-=
        Ryo-Ohki speeds through space, and finally sees the targeted ship
ahead.

        "You know what to do, Ryo-Ohki!" Ryoko yells.

        "Meow!" she returns.  Still gunning it, the cabbit ship puts her
cannon
forward and punctures the saucer of Tsunami.  Connected quite well, she
sends her passengers into the other ship.

=-=-=-=-=
        "We've been breached!" Mica yells.

        "What?" Claric shouts.  "By who?"

        "I'll tell you who," Tenchi says.  "My friends, of course!"

        Mica splits and both parts take out swords.  Claric makes his own
sword.

        Appearing from behind the Tsunami tree, Ayeka, Ryoko, Celestia, and
Washu
make their appearance.  Seeing the opponents, they immediately charge
towards their targets.

        Since Ryoko doesn't have a 'playmate,' she heads off to release
Tenchi.
Cutting open the bubble with her beam sword, "are you alright, Tenchi?"

        He tries to stand, but he's too stiff and sore to move.  "No.  I
can't
move."

        Ryoko grabs him by the arms and lifts him to his feet.  "I'll get
you out
of here," she says, teleporting herself and Tenchi.  Moments later, the pair
reappear on Ryo-Ohki.  "Don't worry.  We have everything covered."  Then,
she disappears again.

=-=-=-=-=
        Fighting against Mico, Celestia knows she isn't much of a match for
her
opponent's swordplay.  Still, she is able to hold her off.

        Rica is having no problem holding off Ayeka, but would like
something more
challenging.  Suddenly, an idea hits.  "Mico!" he yells.  "Duck!"  Seeing
her do so, Rica leap frogs over Ayeka's head and lands in front of Celestia.
  "Now, this should be interesting!"

        Mico sees what her "brother" is up to, and takes over fighting
Ayeka.
Blocking a couple of swings, she haults Ayeka's advance.  "You're mine,
now!"

        "Are you insane?" Celestia shouts.  "We can't fight each other!" she
says,
merely dodging his attacks.  "Don't you know what will happen?"

        "You won't fight," Rica answers.

        "If that's how it's going to be!" she says, flying towards him.  As
she
passes, she grabs is arm and heads for outer space.

        Washu, keeping Claric occupied with her beam sword, "tell me Claric,
what
happened to Sasami?  She was so sweet and full of joy.  Now, she's full of
bitterness and hatred."

        "We showed her the truth.  Slightly altered, but close enough for
her."

        "SLIGHTLY ALTERED?!" Washu screams.  Fuming, Washu lets out a phrase
that
makes Ryoko and Minagi blush.  (If you must know, listen to "Bad Habit" by
Offspring!)

        <MOM!?!> Ryoko and Minagi shout through the link.  <Such language!>

=-=-=-=-=
        As Tsunami fights Azusa, "so, why do you have all the tree ships out
here?"

        Blocking a strike, "to protect Jurai, I will take all precautions.
We
heard you were coming, so we prepared."

        Locking swords again, "that's what you thought?  What an idiot!  I
don't
want to attack Jurai.  I just want to attack you!"

        "What?  Why?"

        Finally knocking the sword away, Tsunami gives her father a kick to
the
side.  "Once you're out of the way, Mica and I will marry and take the
throne."

        Standing in a fighting stance, "never!  I will not allow it!"

        "Are you going to strike a lady?  Is that your intent?  Your
daughter, no
less?"

        "If I must."

        <Ryoko,> Minagi says, <you'd better get over here!  When and if
Azusa goes
down, we'll have an opportunity to strike.>

        A second later, Ryoko teleports into the room and lands near Minagi.
"I
was already on my way.  Ready?"

        "Whenever you are."

        "Stay back!" Azusa says.  "You will not hurt my daughter!"

=-=-=-=-=
        In space, Celestia is trying not to fight Rica, but still avoiding
the use
of energy blasts.  At the moment, that doesn't leave her much.  <What the
hell do I do?  I don't want to blast him, because that would cause untold
damage.  But, I wanna blast him to take him down.>

        <There is a way,> the crystal says to her.  <But, it's risky.>

        Avoiding an energy blast, <I'm open to suggestions!  What's the
risk?>

        <If you do this, you'll be in a worse state than you are now.  You
may
never look human again.>

        <You did this, didn't you?>

        <Once.  It took me years to figure out how to change back.>

        <Why?  What happened?>

        <I became total energy.>

        <THAT'S your suggestion?  How is that going to help?>

        <Your energy will be completely pure.  It won't be such an opposite
to
Rica's anymore.>

        <So there won't be an energy/anti-energy reaction!>

        <You've been watching too much Star Trek.  But, yes.  That's what'll
happen.>

        <How do I do it?>

        <Cross your bands, and expel energy from them.>

        "Alright, asshole.  Time to die!"  Crossing her forearms across her
chest,
she blasts each armband with her own power.  A sudden wave of energy covers
her body, changing it.  Her flesh changes to golden energy, and her
crystaline armor breaks off and disentigrates.  The change complete, she now
looks like a golden form of her body.  Her eyes are a pale yellow as energy
seeps out of them.  Her other features are the same, save for less detailed.

        "What the heck?!" Rica shouts, knowing he lost his edge.  "What did
you
do?"

        Flying at him at light-speed, she passes him and cracks her knuckles
across
his face.  <Yes!  Now I can hit that bastard!>

=-=-=-=-=
        As Ayeka fights Mico, the blonde jerks her head to the side
unexpectedly.
"What happened?" she asks, nervously.

        Claric, beaten into submission by an over-irritated Washu, watches
as his
plan goes down in flames.  "Mica..." he says, weakly.

        Mico stops fighting and steps back, holding a hand to her sore face.
She
then starts to convulse as if someone has hit her many times.

=-=-=-=-=
        As Celestia beats on Rica, she remembers one important line from an
anime
she once saw.  <Southern Cross and North Star must not fight!>  "Beat that,
Kenshiro!"  Roundhousing her enemy, she finishes the fight.  "I'm not going
to kill you, yet."  Taking him, she teleports to Tsunami's bridge, where the
other fights are over with.

        "Celestia?" Washu wonders.  "Is that you?"

        Throwing Rica next to the other beaten pair, "yeah.  It's me."
Shortly
afterward, Mico and Rica merge, but still unconcious.

=-=-=-=-=
        Though Azusa may be good at swordplay, he's not good at
hand-to-hand.
Lying on the deck in pain, "you'll never win..." he says, before passing
out.

        Turning, Tsunami starts to walk away.  "Ryoko.  Minagi.  Are you
here to
fight me, too?"

        "You have to be stopped," Ryoko says.  "No matter what the cost."
Creating
a beam sword, "I really don't want to do this, Tsunami."

        "Fine," she says, disappearing.

        "What the?" Minagi starts.  "Oh, you're a tricky one!"  Then, she
and Ryoko
disappear as well.

        Misaki and Funaho run to Azusa, not knowing his condition.  "Is
he-?"

        Misaki gives him a once over, "nah.  He's too stubborn to go that
easily!
But, he will be out of it for awhile."

        "We have to get back!" Funaho says.

=-=-=-=-=
        Back on Ryo-Ohki, Washu, Celestia, Tenchi, and Ayeka have Claric and
Mica
under control.  As for the ship Tsunami, it took off only moments ago.

        "So, Sasami's alone, then?" Ayeka asks.

        "No," Washu says.  "Ryoko and Minagi are on board."

        A screen appears with Funaho on it.  "Ayeka, we have a crisis.  We
need you
to bring everyone to Jurai."

        "What's wrong?" she answers, fearfully.

        "Everything will be explained when you arrive."

        "Ryoko and Minagi are missing.  Shall we wait for them?"

        "No.  We'll talk to them later."

        "We're on our way," Washu says.  "Ryo-Ohki!  Head for Jurai!"

=-=-=-=-=
        "Great, just great," Tsunami says to herself.  "I took down my
father, only
to lose my love.  Claric is gone, too.  Oh, who cares about him."  Looking
back, she considers returning to Jurai to free him.  "Mica, I'll be back for
you later."

        "Is that right?" a familiar voice sounds.

        Turning, she sees Ryoko and Minagi, both with beam swords.  Creating
a pair
of swords, "come and get me!"

        Ryoko and Minagi both slash at her, but both are blocked.  As the
three
fight, nobody gets the upperhand.  Ryoko slashes, and is blocked by
Tsunami's left blade.  Minagi slashes, but is blocked by Tsunami's right.
Tsunami slashes, and is blocked by the slashee.

        As the circle continues, Minagi feels something touch her foot.
Flipping
it up into her hand, she examines it for a second.  It appears to be a
ceramic, but wooden looking handle.  Thinking back, she remembers Tenchi
using one like it.

        "Minagi!" Ryoko starts, "that's only for Juraians!  You can't use
it!"

        Concentrating, Minagi forms a blade on it.  "Remember, I have
Yakage's DNA
in me as well."  Taking it one hand, she has her orange beam sword in the
other.  <I'm sorry, Tsunami...>  Using her beam sword to block a strike, she
drives the Juraian sword into her opponent's shoulder.  However...

        "BAKA!" Tsunami yells.  "That toy won't hurt me!"

        Pulling it out, Minagi examines it while fighting.  <Plan B!>
Blocking
Tsunami's Light Hawk sword with it, she drives her beam sword into her
shoulder, right where the Juraian sword once was.  "Gotcha!"

        Pain overwhelming, the blue haired woman steps back a step.  Her
attention
is diverted to the wound in her body, which slowly bleeds.  "You...how could
you..."

        Ryoko uses the distraction to sock her enemy, sending her to the
floor,
unconcious.  "I'm sorry I had to do that, Sasami."  Looking appreciatively
at Minagi, "nice work, kid.  Now, can you use that thing to get us back to
Jurai?"

        Smiling, "I can try!"  Turning towards the front, the key hovers and
starts
to glow.  A moment later, the ship itself turns towards the desired planet.

        Ryoko creates a new beam sword and wraps it in a figure eight, with
Sasami's hands in the loops.  "We have to find a way to undo this."

        <Ryoko!> Washu shouts through the link.  <If you're done playing,
can you
meet us at the palace?  There's something I think you should hear.>

-To be continued!- (Whew!)

<end-theme:  Raise Your Glasses-KISS>
