Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
=-=-=-=-=
Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! is owned by the great Pioneer.  I am not
making any money off this, and I had no part in its creation.

Celestia, Crystal Warriors, Celestia, Claric, Mico, Rica, and Mica are
mine.

=-=-=-=-=

Tenchi Muyo!:  Dark Times

Part Three:  The Search Continues

Brian Burke

Tenchii@hotmail.com

=-=-=-=-=

Washu's Search Journal:  Day 4

        Still no luck on finding that dimension.  It may be hidden as well
as
sealed.  And on that, I wouldn't put it past those Juraians.

        Ryoko is growing in power everday.  The gems are quickly interacting
with each other, bringing my daughter up to full power.  If they brought
her to full on contact, they'd probably kill her.  Look at me.  I make
them sound sentient.

        Ayeka is still in her room.  She hasn't come out since Sasami was
taken.  Although her wailing seems to have stopped (thankfully!).  She
bawled for two days.  Not that I blame her, but with her voice, it was a
nightmare stepping out of my lab.

        Mihoshi and Kiyone are here now.  As usual, I have taken the usual
precautions.  My WBFG, (Washu's Big F---in' Gun!) steel doors, force
fields, and a Barney tape if all else fails.  Not even Kagato could get
past that last one.

        Tenchi has stopped by a few times to check on me.  He seems as
concerned for me as the search.  After all, I haven't exited the lab in
three days.  But, it's nice to know he cares.  I suppose I should step
out for a minute.  I haven't eaten anything in days, and haven't slept
either.

-Washu, The Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe.

        Saving her log, Washu dissipates her laptop and hops off the
cushion.
"It's a good thing Sasami isn't the only cook in this house."

=-=-=-=-=

        Stepping out of the lab, Washu sees Ayeka and Ryoko sitting on the
couch, speechless.  "Who would have guessed that Sasami's disappearance
could create peace between you two?"

        "This is neither the time nor place, Miss Washu," Ayeka says.  "We
all
know that."

        "I suppose you're right.  But, it is nice to see you've left your
room,
Ayeka."  Walking into the kitchen, she sees Tenchi sitting at the table,
looking a bit worried.  "How are you doing, Tenchi?"

        "Oh, Little Washu. How's the search coming?"

        "I still haven't had much luck.  I'm sorry."

        "Well, it is nice to see you out of the lab.  You must not've slept
since then."

        "No.  I haven't."

        "Not many of us have.  I can hear Dad and Ryoko all night long."

        "You haven't slept either?" Washu asks.

        "No.  Not much.  I probably won't until we get Sasami back."

        "Don't worry, Tenchi.  I'm sure it will be soon."

=-=-=-=-=

        It's been over five months since Sasami was brought here.  Most of
that
time, though, has been in hiding.  Mica's home seems to be the best
place to hide.  Although it's just a series of lighted underground
caverns, it still feels safe.

        Being that she's twelve now, she's changed her hairstyle a little.
The
lone hair ornament is now at her shoulders.  Now, she looks more like
Tsunami than before.  And, because of the length, her hair needed a
little shortening.  Not much, but enough as to keep it off the floor.

        Mica has been looking after her, and keeping her from Claric and the
rest.  And, above all else, he refuses to be like them.

=-=-=-=-=

        As she watches the events unfold, she can see her friends ahead of
her.
As she runs to them, they come no closer.  In fact, with every step she
takes, they move farther and farther away.  "Tenchi!  Ayeka!  Ryoko!
Help me!"

        Awaking in tears, Sasami can see Mica sitting next to her.  "They're
not coming, are they?  They really have abandoned me, haven't they?"

        "It looks that way, Sasami.  But, don't worry.  You'll be safe with
me.
I won't let anyone hurt you."

        "Thank you, Mica," she says, hugging him.

        Standing, "Sasami, I have something to show you.  Please, don't be
afraid."

        "What is it?" she asks, almost fearfully.

        In response, he glows for a second.  When it fades, Rica and Mico
replace him.  Mico is on Rica's right.

        Scrambling backwards and eyes wide, "no no no..."

        Mico is about to jump forward when Rica grabs her by the throat and
hoists her into the air.  "Don't move or speak.  Otherwise, I'll rip you
in half."  Looking to Sasami, "I'm sorry you had to hear that, but only
the most violent threats register to her."

        "W-what are you?"

        "I am Mica.  Or at least, I was.  Not long ago, I was surveying the
surface of this world.  Since the environment is so raw out there, one
can only be out for two minutes.  On one such venture, I found this
crystal."  Holding up his left hand, he emphasises the point.  "But,
something bad happened.  When I picked it up, the thing split me into
two beings.  Mico, and Rica."

        "So, how did you change back to Mica?"

        "After I learned about my new powers, I found that I could combine
or
separate at will.  My will, not hers.  But, there's a problem.  The two
of us are complete opposites, but both have attributes of the whole.
She has my long hair, while I have the color.  She has a violent temper.
I am abnormally calm.  She is evil.  I am not."  Mico becomes
transparent and disappears.  Rica changes into Mica shortly afterward.

        "So, you're more Rica than Mico?"

        "Right.  But, this form has advantages.  I have my Jurai power,
unlike
when I'm Rica."

        "She has your power?  That's awful!"

        Moving closer, "your power will be coming about soon.  When that
happens, I will train you in using it."

        Blushing at his proximity, "uh, thank you."

        "I will do everything I can to ensure your safety.  Think of my as
your
bodyguard."

        Sasami smiles at that, which is something she hasn't done in months.

        "Now, why don't you get dressed, and we'll start your training."

        "Training?" she asks, confused.

        Holding up a bokken, "training."

        After a second of confusion, "nobody trained me on Earth.  I know
you're supposed to start at an early age, but they said nothing about
it."

        "Don't worry about it.  I'll teach you."

        "Thank you," she says.  <Nobody else cared enough to train me to use
a
sword.  Mica, though, has been so nice to me.>

        "Sasami?  Is something wrong?"

        "I was just thinking that you're way better than those other people
I
used to be with."

=-=-=-=-=

Washu's Search Journal:  Day 11

        I finally found Celestia.  She has agreed to help us break through
the
barrier.  But, I gotta find the damn thing first.  She's been staying
here the past two days.  I thought it necessary, because I want to get
Sasami back as soon as I can.

        Ryoko and Ayeka went to Jurai yesterday.  After realizing that it
would
be awhile in finding Sasami, Ayeka found it necessary to contact her
parents.  I can just guess how that's going to go.  Azusa:  'If you had
returned to Jurai, Sasami wouldn't be missing!'  Personally, I'd tell
him to stuff it.

        Mihoshi and Kiyone were called away today.  It seems that the Galaxy
Police thinks some speeders are more important than the second princess
of Jurai.  On that note, I think Sasami's more deserving as the role of
FIRST princess of Jurai.  Ayeka seems more like number 2.

        That leaves me and Tenchi.  <Smiles evilly.>

        Tenchi has finally been able to sleep.  With my help, of course.  I
gave him a major sedative.  He'll be out for a few days, at least.  He
needs it.  We all do.  Maybe I should give Ayeka a bigger one.  One that
would keep her out until Sasami returns.  Ryoko hasn't had trouble
sleeping these past few days.  Of course, with sake involved, Ryoko
never has trouble sleeping.

-Washu, The Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe.

        The red-head saves her log and vaporizes her laptop.  "It's time I
got
some sleep."  Walking over to the side of her lab, a square door
appears.  Washu opens it and disappears behind it.  A second later, the
door itself disappears.

=-=-=-=-=

        On Jurai, Ryo-Ohki touches down and transports her crew to the
landing
pad.  Then, she shrinks to her cabbit form and hops onto Ryoko's
shoulder.  "Let's get this over with," Ryoko states.

        "Do not be in such a rush.  I haven't seen my family in months."

        "Then, maybe you should stay here."

        "Why you-"

        "MEOW!" Ryo-Ohki shouts, interupting angrily.

        "I'm sorry Ryo-Ohki," Ryoko apologizes.  "You're right.  This isn't
the
time."

        Appearing from the door, Azusa, Misaki, and Funaho greet the
travellers.  "We weren't expecting you," Funaho states.  "Is there
anything wrong?"

        Ayeka almost starts to cry again.

        "Oh, no!  Not again!" Ryoko shouts, covering her ears.

        "Quiet, you.  Mother, Father, Sasami is missing."

        "WHAT?!" they all shout.

        Azusa looks about ready to kill.  "How did this happen?"

        "Claric returned.  He took her."

        "How is that possible?" Funaho asks.  "They've been sealed away.
Yosho
and Celestia did it themselves."

        "If you had returned to Jurai, Sasami wouldn't be missing!" Azusa
shouts.

        Ryoko hears her mother shout "stuff it!" through the mind link.
Although she would like to say it herself, she says nothing.

        "Father, please!  This isn't the time for this."

        Misaki looks to Ayeka seriously for once.  "You will find her, won't
you?"

        "Washu's on the case," Ryoko says.  "If anyone can find her, she
can."

        "Meow!" Ryo-Ohki agrees.

        "Come inside," Funaho offers, "and we'll talk about this."

        The entire assembly walks for the door, seriousness on all their
faces.

=-=-=-=-=

        <It's been over a year since I arrived here.  I think Mica likes me.
I
mean, how Ayeka and Ryoko like Tenchi.  If I ever see them again, I will
make them pay!>  As Sasami is thinking, she is knocked to her butt
again.

        "Sasami, how many times do I gotta tell you:  clear your mind."
Putting the bokken on his shoulder, he pulls the teenager to her feet.
"If you want to learn how to use a sword, you have to forget about them
for awhile.  Forget them like they forgot you."

        Putting her wooden sword ahead of her, "I'm sorry."

        "You have a lot to learn, Sasami."  <Her eyes turned red again.  The
pink just disapppeared.  It stopped, but it's such an eerie look.>

        "Mica," Sasami says, "I've had enough for today."

        "It seems you can't concentrate.  So what's the point?"

        Taking her towel, she exits the dark room.  Entering the hall, she
walks back towards her room.  "This is starting to be a pain."  Rubbing
her sore rear, "speaking of pains, I must've hit the floor five times
today.  I really need to clear my mind.  But, how can I?  I've been left
behind!  Even Washu could find me by now."

        "Sasami!" Mica yells from behind her.

        Turning, "I said I've had enough!" she shouts.

        "I know.  That's not it, though.  I need to show you something."
The
pair enter his room, and he pulls out a handle identical to Sword
Tenchi.  Motioning it over to Sasami, "it's a key similar to Sword
Tenchi.  If I'm right, you should be able to activate it by now."

        Sasami takes it, and it immediately forms a blade.  "Wow.  I didn't
think there was another one."

        "It hasn't been used in millenia.  Now, I want you to have it."

        "But, what about you?" she asks.

        His black crystal distorts and becomes a black sword in his hand.
"I
can make my own sword."

        Looking down at the sword, she deactivates it.  Looking back at
Mica,
"thank you."  <He DOES like me.  I just know it.>

=-=-=-=-=

Washu's Search Log:  Day 52

        Azusa, Misaki, and Funaho are still buzzing around the house.  I
doubt
they'll leave until Sasami is in Misaki's ever loving embrace.  Celestia
has left for the U.S. again.  I'm sure she'll be back soon.  She usually
is.  I guess being a Crystal Warrior takes more responsibility than I
originally thought.

        Ryo-Ohki's been keeping me company this entire month.  She's worried
about Sasami like the rest of us.  Then again, she's also worried about
me.  I haven't left the lab in a week.  How can I?  I miss Sasami.  I
want her back.

        Things are getting strained around here.  Especially me.  Damn!
Where
is she?!

-Washu, The Greatest Scientific Genius in the Univ

        Before she finishes, Washu falls asleep.  Ryo-Ohki hops up and curls
into her lap, falling asleep as well.

=-=-=-=-=

        Although Mica can create things with his armbands, it sometimes
isn't
enough.  After all, he can't really cook with them.

        As Sasami is filling this task, he notices that her friend has
returned.  "Welcome back, Mica!" she greets.  "Is everything alright?"

        "Yes, everything's fine.  I just had to get out for a bit."  Mica
looks
over Sasami's shoulder at her latest masterpiece.  "Looks good!"

        "It should!" she responds.  "After all, I got a lot of practice on
Earth."

        "Really?  Nobody else could cook?"

        "As a matter of fact, Washu can cook really well, maybe even better
than me.  And, Tenchi's father can cook."

        "Three people could cook?  Then, why did you have to do it?"

        "I'm beginning to realize the answer to that."

        "Yeah, but look now!  You don't have to cook all the time!  I can
cook,
and I do, too.  You don't have to feed everyone yourself."

        "Yeah, but that's because you care about me."  Stepping back a step,
"something's wrong," she says, almost fearfully.

        "What?  What is it?" Mica asks, deeply concerned.

        "I feel...strange."  Slowly, light shines from behind her.  It then
coalesces into two familiar forms in front of her.

        "Amazing!" Mica says.  "The Light Hawk Wings!"

        Sasami looks at the two wings shockingly.  "It's incredible!"
Thinking
back, she remembers Tenchi using them.  Grabbing the one on the left of
her, it transforms into a broadsword.

        "The Light Hawk Sword!  It's true then!"

        Taking the one on the right, it turns into a round shield with a
wing
extending from each side.  On the front of it is a large "V" that takes
up most of the front, and ends in the extensions.  As Sasami is looking
at the new armaments, "whoa!"

        "Sasami, do you know what this means?"

        "Not entirely.  But, it will help later on!"

        <Claric, you are going down!>

        Sasami loosens her grips and the Light Hawk Wings return to their
original forms.  Then, they disappear as quickly as they came.  <Tsunami
made 10... I only made two.  Maybe there will be more later?>  Shrugging
it off, "I'll have to think about this," she says, returning to her
cooking project.

=-=-=-=-=

        Washu awakes with a start.  Her dream was of Sasami returning, only
as
a very old woman.  "That wasn't good," she moans.

        "Meow?" the cabbit asks from her lap.

        "That is NOT going to happen!"  Looking at her holo-laptop, she sees
how much time has passed.  "Three days.  So that's how long I was out."

=-=-=-=-=

        While cooking breakfast, Misaki sees that Ryo-Ohki has hopped up to
the
counter.  "Hello, Ryo-Ohki!" she coos.  "Is Washu out, then?"

        The cabbit simply nods.  She then points to the deck.

        "Still nothing?"

        Ryo-Ohki just shakes her head.

        Funaho walks in from the side.  "I saw Washu out there.  She looks a
bit shaken."

        "I wonder what happened?" Misaki asks.

        "Meow!"  Both Funaho and Misaki watch as Ryo-Ohki flops over
sideways
on the counter.

        Misaki looks at Funaho, "nightmare?"

        Ryo-Ohki hops to her feet and nods a few times.

        "I wonder what happened?" Funaho asks.

        "I don't think I want to know," Misaki adds.

        Ryo-Ohki shakes her head violently.

=-=-=-=-=

        Sitting on the deck, "where could she have gone?  I've searched
everywhere!  Everywhere, except one place.  Damn!  Not there!"

        Ayeka walks out to the deck to see Washu screaming.  "Little Washu?
What is it?  What's the matter?"

        "I may know where to find Sasami."

        "You've found her?  That's great!  Where is she?"

        "It's a place called the Necraverse.  Not a very hospitable place to
be
in.  There's only a few planets there, but they don't have distinct
courses.  So, finding them could take a couple more months.  There's
something else..." she says, trailing off.

        "What is it?  Tell me!" Ayeka shouts.

        "There's a massive time differential.  For every minute here, Sasami
experiences 40.  For every day, she grows over a month older."

        "So, how old would she be now?"

        "Based on my calculations, 17."

        "WHAT?!" Ayeka screams.

        The rest of the family rushes out at the outburst.  "What happened?"
Misaki asks.

        "Washu," Ayeka says, "find her.  Quickly!"

=-=-=-=-=

        As Celestia explores the vast expanse of the Masaki estate, she
can't
help but feel a bit more at peace than usual.  "It's so nice out here,"
she comments.

        <Almost makes you forget about that one incident, doesn't it?> her
crystal entity asks.

        "Yeah," she sighs.  "But, nothing could make me forget that day."
Not
more than six months ago, Roberta "Bobbi" Lee received the power of the
crystal she now wears on her right hand.  It gave her tremendous power,
and she used it to help those she could.

        However, one tragic incident, days after, stripped the girl of her
life.  As she was finishing up one night, someone made a strike against
her.  While she was in her powered-down form, a lone man put a metal
pointed pole through her body.

        She considered her options, while bleeding helplessly on the ground.
Raising her crystal, she transformed into her alternate form.  The spear
disappeared, and she was saved.  However, if she returns to her regular
form, she will die instantly.

        Fogetting further reminice, she lies back on the hillside and
relaxes.
"So peaceful," she moans.

=-=-=-=-=

        In just a few short years, Sasami has become quite good with a
sword.
After six years, she can now keep up with Mica for an extended period of
time.  As for Mica himself...

        While sparring with her friend, she realizes they've been fighting
for
well over an hour.  This is actually the longest she's been able to last
against him.  "You're not going soft on me, are you?" she asks.

        "And why would I do that?  Such a thing would dull your abilities.
But, be warned, Claric is a much stronger opponent.  If you should fight
him at this point, you would lose."

        "Maybe.  But fighting Claric won't be half as gratifying as kicking
the
crap out of Tenchi.  Then Ryoko.  Then Ayeka.  Then Washu.  Then the GP
detectives."  Blocking a strike to her body, she knocks away the sword
and trips him.

        "You beat me!  That's a first for you."  <Her eyes were red that
whole
time,> he thinks to himself. "And what will you do to them once you
disable them?"

        "Maybe I'll just throw them in here for awhile.  Then I'll abandon
them
like they did for me."

        "And what about me?  What is your plan for me?"

        Bending down, "What do you think, my love?"

-To be continued!-
