Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns all these characters.

Except for Mico, Mica, Rica, Claric, and the mentioned Crystal Warriors.
They belong to me.

Warning:  This is a lemon!  If you are under age, but still reading this,
then you are now at fault.  In case you didn't know, a lemon is a story with
graphic sex involved.

=-=-=-=-=
Dark Times

Part Four:  Changes

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
=-=-=-=-=

        It's been two months since she was taken.  Two agonizing months
since that
fateful day when her past counterpart was stolen from her.  In all her
existance, never has such a period of time felt so long.

        For the matron of Jurai, the past 64 days have brought nothing but
confusion and frustration for the blue haired woman.  Although she has yet
to announce it, she has been searching for her as well as her sister.
However, being assimilated to the girl provides an advantage that her red
haired sibling simply cannot produce.

        "Where are you, Sasami," Tsunami moans.  Using her unique link to
her,
Tsunami has been attempting to pinpoint the little girl's exact location.
Finally, she looks to a place in her pool of water.  A very dark place shows
itself, as Tsunami is able to see almost nothing of it.  But, "I am sure she
is there.  I can feel it."  The water clears itself of the image and Tsunami
herself disappears.

=-=-=-=-=
        Appearing in darkness, the blue haired woman shines a soft light and
can
see the remains of a broken pillar.  After closer examination, she finds
shredded cloth laying on the floor.  Curious, she kneels to pick up one of
the larger pieces and examines it.  <Sasami, I hope you are alright,> she
thinks to herself.  <I hope this isn't what I was looking for.>

        Standing, she drops the ripped kimono.  "Where are you?" she asks,
further
searching the premises.  Shockingly, she finds a string with two broken red
balls attached to either end.  "Oh, no," she says mournfully.  "Sasami?" she
calls.  "Where are you?"

        Finally, Tsunami looks about the dark room and starts to walk off
into one
direction.  Going on nothing more than insinct and her bond to the girl, she
walks slowly into the cavernous hallway.  "Such a dreadful place," she
sighs.  Walking almost aimlessly, she lets her mind point her in the right
direction.

=-=-=-=-=
        Mica still doesn't like what's going on in his life. Seven years
ago, he
was forced into obedience by Claric.

        A cruel twist of fate allowed the evil man to activate Mica's power
bands
against the wearer's will.  After he was split, Claric found Mico to be very
easy to persuade.  With Mica's dark half inside her, Mico agreed to Claric's
plan.

        Rica objected to such a vile deed, but was outnumbered by Mico and
Claric.
Against his will, he fought with Claric and Mico.  After returning to the
dark dimension, Rica tried to merge with Mico, in an attempt to escape.

        However, Mico interfered and foiled the attempt.  Of course, he did
have
reason to stay.  He would not leave the captive girl here.  Not alone, that
is.

=-=-=-=-=
        After hours of practice, Sasami is only now starting to falter in
her
abilities.  It was only a few minutes ago that she felt something different
in the air, and now it's starting to get to her.  Missing a block, she
receives a hard kick to the side.

        "Are you still paying attention?" Mica asks.  "You wanted to try
matial
arts, so as to differ from the sword training."

        "I know!  I'm sorry!"  Still feeling the effects of the last shot,
she
kicks him in the gut, knocking him to the ground.  "I'm sore, but not done,"
she comments.

        With a quick motion, he uses his feet to trip her and send the blue
haired
Juraian to her butt.  "Now, are you done?" he asks, half mockingly.

        "Oh, shut up!" she shouts.  Standing again, "I've had enough for
today,"
she says angrily.  "Thanks for the workout."

        "No problem," he replies.

        Picking up her towel, she walks out of the dark room into the
hallway.
Drying the sweat from her face, "that was fun," she says to herself.  Her
face covered by the cloth, she unknowingly walks into someone else.

        "Oh, sorry," she says.  Finally, reality sinks in.  "Mica's back
there,
so..."  Dropping her towel, she sees none other than herself.  "Oh, a
mirror."

        "Really?" the woman says quietly.

        "Tsunami?" she asks.

        Hugging Sasami, "I'm so glad I found you."

        "I'm glad to see you to, Tsunami.  Are you going to take me home,
then?"

        "I would like to, yes."  After finishing this statement, Tsunami's
mind
receives some dark feelings from her other self.  "Sasami, are you alright?"

        "Yes, I am.  Why?"

        "You seem...different.  I can feel some darkness in you."

        "Oh.  Well, my life has been pretty bad recently.  I still can't
believe
I've been abandoned."

        "Abandoned?" Tsunami asks.  "What makes you think you've been
abandoned?"

        "Nevermind!  Now, are you taking me home?"

        "I would like to, but I cannot take others with me."

        "W-what?  You can't just leave me here!"

        "There is one way for us to leave together.  If you finish the
assimilation, then you can leave without a problem.  But, I will not."

        "WHAT?  Why?"

        "Sasami, have you noticed how you've changed?  I don't know what's
going
on, but I can feel evil tendancies in you."

        "That's because I've been abandoned!  It's no wonder I-"

        She is cut off as Tsunami slaps her.  "No.  You have not."  This
shocks
Tsunami to no end.  Never has she raised a hand to anyone.  Especially her
younger half.  "Sasami, I-"

        "You too...?" she sobs, holding her hand to her face.  "Are you
against me
too?"

        Stepping back, the woman is, for the first time, frightened of
herself.
"Sasami... if you find peace in yourself again, I shall be waiting.  Until
then, good luck."  Tsunami disappears into the shadows from whence she came.

        "Don't leave me, Tsunami...DON'T LEAVE ME!!"  Sobbing violently, she
runs
off into the caverns that make up her world.

=-=-=-=-=
        Reappearing on Jurai, Tsunami instantly collapses to the ground,
tear
stricken.  "Sasami...what have they done to you?" she cries.  And cry she
does for hours and hours.

=-=-=-=-=
        After hearing an ear piercing scream from nearby, Mica ran to the
source,
only to find Sasami crying violently on the floor.

        "Don't leave me..." she says between sobs.

        "Sasami?  What's wrong?" Mica asks, kneeling to her.

        "Everyone I know has turned against me...  Mica, what's going on?
Why are
they doing this?"

        "I don't know."  Pulling her close, "you're just confused.  Tell me.
What
happened?"

        "I saw...  I saw Tsunami," she says sadly.  "Why won't she help me?
Why
did she turn me down?  Why didn't she get me out of here?  Why-"  Her
questions are cut off abrubtly as Mica silences her with a kiss.

        Backing off, "I don't know," he answers.

        Sasami returns the liplock, seemingly hungry for more.  Pushing him
down,
she takes it a step further.

        After a minute or so, Mica reaches his hands up and into his lover's
fighting gi, and gently pulls it open.  With gentle motions, he massages
Sasami's breasts.

        She as well is exploring with her own hands, driving them into his
outfit,
caressing his chest as much as he is doing for her.  Breaking off from his
mouth, she takes off her belt, as well as the top which it held closed.

        Mica reaches up with his head, and nips at her nipples, causing her
to moan
a bit.  Meanwhile, his hands take a different route as they slowly slide
down her sides, caressing them as well as cherishing the feel of her smooth
skin.

        Teasingly, Sasami pushes him back a bit, and removes his top and
belt.
Kissing him once again, her hands move downward, and into the remainder of
his outfit.  As her hands move around, they give Mica's rear a good massage,
before moving forward.

        Mirroring her actions, Mica puts his hands inside the remainder of
her
clothing, however his hands move downward, incidentally removing the
article.  Her entire body exposed, he does the same as he removes his own
pants.

        Having had enough run-around, Sasami pushes him to the floor and
moves her
head down his body, slowly and teasingly.  Finally, her goal is met as she
wraps her mouth around his lower areas.  Turning her body, she lays on her
lover.

        Taking this opportunity, he massages her womanly areas, which give
him a
response as it causes Sasami to increase the force of her actions.  Raising
his head a bit, he drives his tongue into her virgin love hole, which
heartedly gives a wet response.  Finally, both stop their actions, and face
each other once more.

        Sasami raises herself slightly, and looks to Mica with loving eyes.
Seeing
him sit up, she lowers herself onto his crotch, which gets a moan out of
both of them.  Mica pulls her close, as he runs his hands down her back.
Similarly, she wraps her limbs around him, as she continually guides herself
up and down his manhood.  Mica helps with this as he drives it into her,
increasing the pressure growing below.  Finally, he can feel the expulsion
of juices into her body.  Upon contact, a violent spasm rips through her
causing them both to climax.

        Pulling off her lover, Sasami collapses next to Mica.  "I love you,
Mica,"
she says quietly, before falling asleep.

        "I love you too, Sasami."

        The events that transpired so many years ago still haunt him.  After
Sasami
was put into a dark cavern and left alone.  While Claric was musing over his
victory, Rica and Mico merged into Mica, and walked away.  <I'll get you out
of here,> he thought to himself.

        However, when Claric found out about Mica's attempt, he hit him with
a
blast of power.  It didn't kill him, as he wanted, but it separated him.
Mico immediately sided with Claric, against her 'brother.'

        In a risky move, Rica ran to Sasami, in an attempt to take her away.
Unfortunately, Mico and Claric out powered him, and defeated him quickly.
~I'm sorry...Sasami...~ he said, before passing out.

        However, the experience forced him to become more careful.  Two days
after
the fight on Earth, Rica found an excellent opportunity.  Grabbing Mico from
behind, he merged with her, and took off towards Sasami.  Moving quickly, he
was able to free her and run before Claric found out.  To this day, Claric
hasn't found them.

        Mica will not allow that to happen.  When he finally stopped
running, Mica
tried to set Sasami straight.  He tried so hard to undo the damage done to
her mind.  But, in the end, the images she saw were too hard to ignore.  His
efforts at helping her may have made things worse.  He tried at one point to
bring her home, but that was cancelled when Mico interfered.  Knowing that
she would be a major problem later, he scrapped the idea.

        Now, Mica has compromised.  Though he can't get her back to Earth,
he will
do everything he can to keep her safe.

=-=-=-=
Washu's Search Journal:  Day 84

        Where is she?  I've been searching for almost three months, and
still
Sasami remains missing.  Sometimes I wonder if I'll EVER see her again.  No,
I can't think like that.  I have to find her.  I owe it to myself to find
Sasami.

        Life seems to be returning to normal.  Although Sasami's absence
hangs over
us, they're starting to realize that they can't do much to help.

        I will find her.  I promise.

-Washu

        The red-head dissipates her computer terminal and massages the
bridge of
her nose.  "Damn.  Still no luck."

        "None?"

        Washu whirls around to see her sister staring at her.  Her stance
and the
fact that she's in a bad mood instantly tell the super-genius that something
is un-okay.  "Tsunami?  What's wrong?  You don't look so good."

        "I...I am not.  Even though Sasami is missing, the assimilation has
been
continuing.  My strength has been flowing to her.  I haven't much left."

        "Is there something I can do for you?"

        "Yes.  Find Sasami before something bad happens."  Walking over to
Washu,
her weakness shows as she stumbles a bit.  Washu catches her and helps
Tsunami regain balance.  "I will be nearby.  When the time comes, I will
return to help you with Sasami."  Tsunami disappears in her usual manner,
leaving Washu curious.

        "Help with Sasami?  What did she mean by that?"

=-=-=-=-=
        It's been over two months since she came here.  Two months since she
agreed
to help Washu.  It was only fair.  Washu tried to help one of her teammates
in the past.  Although Washu couldn't help as much as she would have liked,
Celestia still feels an obligation to repay her kindness.

        This way is perfect.

        She can still recall the day she arrived to help.  The day she met
the boy
named Tenchi again.  Had she not her social life taken away from her, she
might have been interested in him.  ~I am Celestia of the Crystal Warriors.
I have come as requested.~  So cold were her words.  Had she been in better
condition, her greeting may have been much different.

        Maybe it's because she hasn't slept in six months.

        ~Welcome, Celestia,~ was Washu's response.

        She still remembers that first encounter so many months ago, when
Shifter
was hiding out here.  Tel and Celestia were instrumental in the fight.  A
fight that could have been avoided.

        Poor Tonya.  Having to live her life in such a way.  Living in a
body that
at times refuses to cooperate.  A body that continually tries to shift on
her.  What a nightmare.

        When she arrived, Celestia saw immediately that two of the
residents, named
Ayeka and Ryoko, gave her suspicious looks.  Obviously, they were Tenchi's
girlfriends.  Flatly, she said she wasn't interested.  After saying that,
the pair welcomed her as well.

        Maybe they were skeptical after what Tel pulled.  It was an innocent
comment.  She said she liked Tenchi.  Nothing more.  Then came the true test
of her powers.  ~I didn't mean to start a war,~ she said to Celestia after
returning to the U.S.

        After awhile, Celestia stopped the fight the best she could.  After
all,
Tel needs to finish college first.  She couldn't do that if she was banged
up.

        <Celestia?>

        Snapping her out of further reminice, <yes, Tel?>

        <We could use some help when you've got a free moment.>

        <I'll be right there.>  Taking to the air, she heads east at full
speed.

        Washu watches from the distance as a golden trail marks where
Celestia
travelled.  As it disappears, "she'll be back," Washu says.

-Continued!-