Darkened Dreams
By Steve Garrett <sfe_otaku@hotmail.com>

WARNING!!!  *insert atypical guidelines & who owns what stuff*  
Actually, this lemon has a dark side.  If you are against and/or 
repulsed by true gothism, DO NOT READ THESE STORIES!!!  You will NOT 
LIKE THEM!!!  Also, if you're not over 18, shut off your computer & go 
get some exercise tonight... *grinz*  You most likely need it.  Anyhow, 
let's get on with it...

Part One: The Release 

Ayeka smiled softly as she exited from the shower. Her skin was as pale 
as possible, and for this she was grateful... *Tonight's the night,* she 
thought as she entered her room & carefully closed it. All year she had 
been waiting for this concert. Imagine, Mercyful Fate AND Sisters of 
Mercy here in Japan! The prospects alone filled her with delight... As 
she reached under the bed, she gave one last glance around. *Good,* she 
thought. *They're all out screwing around or something... All the better 
for me to sneak out tonight...*

Lifting the box from under the bed, she gently placed it on top & slowly 
opened the lid. Inside this box was her deepest secret, and she had to 
be careful so no one, not even her sister, found out... She began with 
the silk panties and bra. As their black softness enveloped her, she 
began to relax & have fun. Next, she gingerly pulled on the black satin 
blouse; wincing with delicious pain as the soft fabric caressed her 
scarred arms. *And Ryoko wonders why I wear those robes all the time...* 
she mused as she bared more of her true self to the world with each 
passing second. Next, she opted for her long black skirt; so that with 
every step, she could tantalize the crowd with her long & lustrious 
legs... Finally, she pulled on her soft socks. And to contrast, she 
slipped into a pair of Ankle-high boots.

Reaching back into the box, she pulled out a velvet bag, from wich she 
procured a bottle of ebony nail polish & a stick of black lipstick. 
After another twenty minutes, her nails & lips were complete & she was 
ready to go. Opening her purse, she rertrieved her lancer and pen knife 
from the bottom of the box & sealed her purse again. Then, with the 
stelthness of a cat, she closed the box again & hid it as if it was 
never there. On the way out of her room, she caught a glance of herself 
in the mirror and smiled. *This is the real me,* she began as she 
flashed a smile; revealing the razor-sharp fang teeth she had saved for 
almost a year for. *I'll have to reccomend that dentist to my 'friends' 
tonight,* she mused as she turned out the light & left the room.

All was quiet in the house as she walked silently along the now darkened 
hallways. Looking at a nearby clock, she saw that she had more than 
enough time to get to the concert. "Ah," she whispered. "This is going 
to be some fun tonight..." "OH REALLY?" came a almost mocking reply. 
Fear-stricken, she turned around and saw Ryoko standing in the doorway, 
blocking her exit. "Move it, bitch..." Ayeka began as she tried to shove 
her way past. "And what if I don't?" Ryoko began with a wicked glint in 
her eye. "What is this thing you're so worried about that you'll sneak 
off without telling a soul? Hmmm?"

Ayeka was about to start fighting with the space pirate when a thought 
occurred to her; Ryoko wouldn't leave her alone untill she found out. 
So, why not show her, and whet her appitite for tonight at the same 
time? "Why, Ryoko..." She began in a softer and more seductive tone. 
"Why do we allways have to fight? Can't we be friends?" And with this, 
she gently wrapped her arms around Ryoko's neck & swayed her hips softly 
in tune with an imaginary beat.

"Wha...?" Ryoko began, but Ayeka silenced her with a soft kiss on the 
lips. "Don't fight it, my love," Ayeka began in a low whisper. "You know 
you allways wanted to try it. Now, didn't you?" Ryoko nodded dumbly as 
she stood there in shock. Chuckling to herself, Ayeka pulled the stunned 
pirate into one of the ajoining rooms and silently closed the door.

Licking her fangs in anticipation, Ayeka maneuvered Ryoko onto the bed & 
began to strip Ryoko of all her clothing. After undressing the now shy 
pirate, she marveled at how quiet Ryoko had become. "Ah, my love, why 
are you so reluctant to voice your opinions?" Ayeka began as she slowly 
caressed Ryoko's thighs. ""I-I'm scared..." Ryoko began before Ayeka 
silenced her with another kiss. "It's all right..." Ayeka began as she 
softly caressed Ryoko's neither regions, and felt her dampoening 
allready. "Ah..." Ayeka began as she slowly slipped between Ryoko's 
legs. "I see you're more into thios than I'd thought..." And with that, 
she began to slowly lap at Ryoko's golden nectar.

As Ayeka began to work more feveriosly at Ryoko's clit, Ryoko slowly 
started to moan with rapture. As the pleasure intensified, it was all 
Ryoko could do not to start screaming in pleasure. Finally, Ayeka sensed 
that Ryoko was ready. With a swift motion, she latched onto Ryoko's love 
button & bit town lightly with her fang; releasing a steady stream of 
blood into her willing mouth. This final act sent Ryoko screraming over 
the edge of ogasmic bliss, and she arched into the orgasms that rocked 
thru her body one after another. Finally Ryoko collapsed upon the covers 
and rested peacefully. Kissing the cut, which had now slown to but a few 
drops, Ayeka rewmoved herself from the slumbering pirate & walked to the 
door. Laughing quietly, she checked herself in the mirror before 
continuing to the concert unopposed.

End of PART ONE

I warned you... This isn't your daddy's Hentai. Trust me, I plan on 
getting much more Gothic at the tale wears on... Anyhow, I also want to 
add that if you have any comments, you can reach me at 
sfe_otaku@hotmail.com. Well, untill next time, peace!