=-=-=-=-=
Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns TM!.  The rest is mine.

Author's note:  Since nobody thinks I can right a decent story, I'm going to
show otherwise.

=-=-=-=-=
Tenchi Muyo!:  Dark Times

Part One:  A New Threat

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
=-=-=-=-=

        Darkness filled the sky.  As black as a starless sky, for the fact it was.
Brief flashes of lightning show the only structure beneath it is a tower of
rock in the shape of a spike.  The tower stretches high up into the air,
should there be any.  Piercing the night sky, it stands like a sentinel to the
land beneath it.

        Although there seem to be no doors or windows on initial inspection, it seems
the tower is inaccessible and vacant.  However, on closer examination, one
would find a balcony near the top.  There seems to be nothing on this area,
save for a pillar in the center which holds up the remainder of the rock.

        A crackle of black energy announces the arrival of the owner of this tower.
The energy grows and swirls, forming a wormhole of sorts.  A single man
appears from it.  With a short black beard to match his hair style, his body
currently has a black cloak concealing the rest of his body.

        Two similar portals open, depositing two more figures.  The one to the left
is a woman with long blonde hair and red eyes.  She is wearing a black body
suit with metal plates attached in vital areas, such as the shoulders, elbows,
knees, crotch and chest.  She also has a sword strapped to her back.

        The portal to the right deposits a man with short, jet black hair and dark
blue eyes.  He is wearing a similar outfit to the woman, save for slight
gender modifications.  He has no sword.  However, he does have armbands as
black as the twilight sky.  He also has a similarly black gem in the shape of
an uneven diamond, which is attached to the back of his left hand.

        The first man turns towards the arriving pair.  "Rica.  Mico." the first says
in a dark, almnost mechanical tone.  "It is good that you came.  We have
urgent business to attend to."

        "We are at your command, Claric," the woman says in a cold tone.  "What is it
that you wish?"

        "Mico.  You have always been so loyal," Claric states.  "We have been sent
here to ensure the safety of our plan.  Let us begin."

        "As you wish," Rica says.

        Smiling evilly, "yes."  Holding his open palms two inches apart, a small
globe of energy appears in front of it.  "We have but a simple task."  As the
globe forms an image, "we are to simply take this girl."

        Rica and Mico look at the globe curiously.  The image is that of a child,
about eleven years, with long blue hair in a pair of tails.

        "It seems simple enough," Mico says.  "Why have we been sent to take but a
small girl?"

        "It seems like a waste of our talents," Rica adds.

        Laughing under his breath, "it is not as easy as it would appear.  For this
child has several guardians."  The image changes to that of a woman with
spiked cyan hair.  Next to her is a girl with a similar style of hair, yet
dark pink.  "The one to the right is supposedly the highest in intelligence
for this dimension.  But, it is the one to the left we should worry about.
This is one of our greatest threats.  She holds the long lost Infinity Gems."

        "The Infinity Gems?" Rica asks.  "On this woman?  How is that possible?"

        "Further research can be made later, child," Mico answers.  "Claric?"

        "Thank you."  The image changes again.  This time, it shows a single woman.
She has violet colored hair and red eyes.  "This is the girl's sister.  She
specializes in shielding others, but mostly herself."

        "She doesn't look very powerful," Rica states.

        The image changes again to two uniformed women.  The one to the right has a
large amount of blonde hair, which is kept elevated.  The other has teal hair,
which she wears long.  "These two are of no consequence.  They haven't
exhibited any unnatural abilities as of yet."

        "Yes," Mico says, "but looks are often times deceiving."

        "Perhaps.  But, we must wait and see."  The image changes again to a young
man with black rugged hair.  "This one is as dangerous as the gem-keeper.  He
holds the mysterious power known as the 'Light Hawk Wings."

        Rica looks at him suspiciously, "I thought the Light Hawk Wings couldn't be
held by a human?  Won't they consume him?"

        "It is unknown at this point, as he's only used them a few times.  But, you
know what conditions have to be met to keep them dormant.  Adhere to them, and
he will be less of a threat."  The image changes to an old man holding a small
creature.  "This one is the instrutor for the boy's sword-training.  He's also
quite dangerous, even without a weapon."

        "And what consequence is the animal?" Mico asks.

        The image changes again to a crystaline starship.  "This is her alternate
form, in which she could be a problem.  But, it is highly doubtful she'll
change."  The image changes one final time to the targeted girl again.  "Be
warned.  She is not completely as you see her.  She is attached to a higher-
dimensional life form.  That is the reason we need her.  And remember:  she is
not to be harmed.  Any result otherwise will be your death."

        "Yes, sir," they both say.

        "Good.  Now, let us be off."  A large portal appears near them and engulfs
the group.  It then shrinks and disappears with its passengers.

=-=-=-=-=
        She's only able to watch as her friends fight.  But, one by one, they fall.
~Ayeka!  Ryoko! Tenchi!~  But, her cries are unanswered.  Not only that, but
she finds herself sinking.  ~No!  Help!~  Finally, she disappears into the
darkness.

        The viewer of such events awakens with a horrified look on her face.

=-=-=-=-=
        Concealed by forests, a lone structure stands near a lake.  With three levels
to it, it looks more like a mansion than a house.  As the warming light
reflects off of it, the roof gives off a glow of warmth.

        Lying on the first story roof is a young woman with spiked cyan hair.  As the
new dawn arises, she can feel the roof heat up her back.  Simultaneously, the
sun itself warms the rest of her body.  "I could stay up here all day..." she
moans.

        "Ryoko!" a high voice shouts from below, grabbing her out of her trance.

        Looking down, she can see one of the few people she can trust.  "What is it,
Sasami?" she asks the eleven year old.

        With her hands on her hips and her face in anger, "how long are you gonna be
up there?  We have work to do!"

        "I'll be down shortly.  I'm just...storing energy," she says.

        Looking slightly less angry, "oh, well."  Taking off her carrot-stylized
apron, she tosses it into a nearby laundry basket.

        "What's up, Sasami?" Ryoko inquires.

        Sitting on the deck, "well, if you don't want to work, then neither do I."

        "Huh?"

        Lying back, "someone else can do my work.  I mean, there are two other girls
here, plus Tenchi."

        "Um, Sasami?"

        "Don't worry, Ryoko.  There's plenty of people to clean the house."

        "But, nobody else can cook," she states.

        "I guess you're right."  Sitting up, "let's make a deal, Ryoko.  I'll go back
to work if you do the same."

        <Conned!> Ryoko thinks.  "Alright.  I get the message," she says, sitting up.

        "And, if I see you lounging again, I'll stop cooking."

        Taking off, "I get the point!" she shouts, flying to the garage for a rake.

        Taking her apron, she puts it back on.  "That worked."  Heading back into the
house, she continues her work on the meal.

        "Meow!"

        Looking down, Sasami can see a familiar face at her feet.  "Ryo-Ohki!"
Taking a carrot, she bends down to the furry creature.  "I want you to watch
Ryoko for awhile.  If she stops working, come back and meow twice.  Got it?"

        "Meow!"

        Giving her the veggie, "I'll give you another one later.  Thanks, Ryo-Ohki."

        Taking off, the little cabbit phases through the door in search of her
mistress.  Finally, she finds her in the yard, raking.  Sitting on the grass,
her big furry feet stick up as she gnaws on her orange snack.  "Mrm mrm."

        "So, Sasami sent you to watch me?"

        "Meow!" she answers, raising her ears.

        "She doesn't trust me?" she asks half innocently.  "How could she not?"

        "Because, that is what you are," another voice says.  "You are a space pirate
that should not be trusted."

        "Stuff it, Ayeka," she growls.

        As Ayeka puts up a sheet to dry, "after what you have done in the past,
NOBODY should trust you."

        Tossing the rake, Ryoko summons her energy to create a beam sword.  "Why you
stuck up little-"

        Ayeka moves the basket aside and moves away from the laundry lines.
Summoning her logs, "I see 700 years of imprisonment did nothing to you."

        Ryo-Ohki sees this and takes off towards the kitchen.  Seeing Sasami still
cooking, "meow meow meow!"

        Sasami turns to see Ryo-Ohki with her paws together, almost as if she's
holding a sword.  "Not again..."  Running outside, she sees a tired old scene.
"You two never stop, do you?"

        "Sasami?" Ayeka asks.

        "It's a wonder anything ever gets done around here.  If you two would
actually stop fighting, maybe we could finish our work."

        Tenchi, on his way to the fields, overhears the conversation.  "Everyday,
it's the same thing.  At least they're not fighting over me, this time."  He
looks over to see Ryo-Ohki running towards him.  Picking her up, he tosses the
cabbit into the basket on his back.  "Shall we be off?" he asks her.

        "Meow!" she agrees.

        However, he is stopped as the wind picks up, and drops in temperature.
"What's going on?  I feel so cold!"

=-=-=-=-=
        Katsuhito, meditating in his office, feels a dark disturbance in the air.
Walking outside, he feels the same cold wind.  "This is not good."  He then
walks down the steps and towards the source.

=-=-=-=-=
        Ayeka, Ryoko, and Sasami stop their argument as they feel a chill wind start
up.  "What's going on?" Sasami asks.

=-=-=-=-=
        Washu, in her lab, starts to sense a dark feeling.  Disregarding her latest
experiment, she walks towards the door.

=-=-=-=-=
        Mihoshi and Kiyone are on a mission in space when the blonde starts to bawl
unexpectedly.  "No no no no," she murmurs, shaking her head.

        "Mihoshi?  What's wrong?  Why are you crying?"  Then, she feels the same dark
feeling.  "We better get back."

        "Plotting a course for Earth," she says with a sniffle.

=-=-=-=-=
        On said planet, a black circular portal has appeared ahead of Tenchi and the
three girls.  Washu appears and immediately summons her holo-laptop.  Keying
in sequence after sequence, she studies the hole in the air.

        A man with short dark hair and matching beard appears.  His eyes are dark
colored, as if his gaze alone could bring someone to tears.  In fact, Sasami
is about there.

        "Who are you?" Tenchi asks.

        "I am Claric."

        Ayeka's eyes widen at the name.  <Claric?  Oh, no!>

        Looking over, Claric can see the princess's astonished look.  "I see you've
heard of me."

        "Who is he, Ayeka?" Tenchi asks, almost fearfully.

        "A thousand years ago, two Juraians became obsessed with the power of the
Royal Family.  They caused a war that cost thousands of lives.  As a result,
they were sealed in another dimension."

        "Yes.  We are known as the Exiles."  A second after he says this, two more
figures appear.  On the left is a woman with long blonde hair and red eyes.
On the right is her complete opposite-a man with short black hair and blue
eyes.  Both of them are wearing plated bodysuits.

        Katsuhito walks onto the scene.  "Claric.  What are you doing here?"

        "You will know soon enough," Claric states.  "Rica, get the girl."

        Obeying, he takes flight towards the trio of girls.  "As you wish."

        Ayeka stands in front of Sasami, and creates a shield around both of them.
"You wouldn't dare."

        Ryoko jumps in front of Ayeka, beam sword in hand.  "No, he wouldn't."

        Washu continues to type, scanning Rica's power.  <I knew it!  Cosmo.  He has
Cosmo's powers!  But, the good part is that he doesn't seem to have any Jurai
power.  Still, if he knows how to use those bands, we're dead in the water.>

        Landing in front of Ryoko, "give me the girl," he says calmly, "and I'll
spare you any pain and suffering."

        "No way.  She's too important to us," Ryoko states.

        Hearing a sword activate, Rica turns to see Tenchi with Sword Tenchi in hand.
"I really don't want to hurt you.  But, if you get in our way, then there's no
other option."

        Claric watches as he considers his plan.  "Mico?"

        The woman flies towards the group, taking out her sword en route.  "I was
hoping for this!" she shouts.

        Ryoko glances at Ayeka, "you take care of Sasami.  We'll do the rest."  That
said, she intercepts Mico, blocking her advance.

        "Get out of my way!" Mico shouts, swinging her highly reflective sword.

        Ryoko blocks it, "not a chance.  Why don't you go home before we SEND you
home?"

        "No!"  The metal of her blade shatters, and a bright blue energy blade
replaces it.  "We are not leaving until we get what we want."  She then takes
another swing at Ryoko.

        Blocking it, "you'll have to do better than that!"

=-=-=-=-=
        As Rica's armbands distort, a sword appears in his hand.  "I suppose this was
inevitable."  Taking a swing, he is met by Tenchi's own sword.

        <He's so calm!  He's nothing like the girl.  It's like they're opposites.  He
must have done this many times before.>  "What is your game, anyway?  What do
you want with Sasami?"

        "You shall soon see," he replies, swinging again.

        Blocking the strike, "well, you won't get her."  Swinging himself, he is
similarly blocked.

        "That is where you are wrong.  We have waited for this day for a thousand of
your years.  Nothing will stop us."

=-=-=-=-=
        "Claric," Katsuhito says, "I beat you once.  I will do it again," he states,
creating a sword.  "If I have to kill you, so be it."

        "Yosho, you fool.  You know I will win."

        "A thousand years ago, I beat you.  What's to say I won't again?"

        Raising his arm, he pushes his cloak back, revealing similar armor to that of
his companions, except for the fact that his has bigger plates.  Opening his
hand, he creates his own sword.  "We'll see, Yosho."  Charging, he sees his
opponent do the same.

=-=-=-=-=
        "Ayeka?" Sasami says fearfully, "what's going on?  What do they want with
me?"

        Bending to her height, she puts her hands on her sister's shoulders.  "I
don't know."  <That's not entirely true.  They might know about Tsunami.>

        "Ayeka?  What's wrong?"

        "I'm just worried.  I don't want to lose you, Sasami."

        Smiling, "I know."  <This is just like my dream.  But that means...>

=-=-=-=-=
        Ryoko is having trouble with her opponent.  She cannot get a strike in, and
her own defenses are starting to falter.  <Damn, she's pissed.  What ran up
her ass anyways?>

        "I'm getting tired of this," Mico shouts.  Using her Jurai power, she sends
Ryoko to the ground, with a rut following her.

        Exhausted and in pain, Ryoko doesn't have the strength to stand.  "I'm
sorry...Sasami..." she moans.

        "Ryoko!" Sasami shouts, pressing up against Ayeka's shield.  "Ryoko!  Get up!
Please!"

=-=-=-=-=
        Tenchi can only watch as Ryoko plows through the ground.  "Ryoko!"

        Seeing it as a distraction, Rica knocks away Tenchi's sword and uses his own
focused power to blast Tenchi over next to Ryoko.  "Game's over."

=-=-=-=-=
        Washu runs up to Ryoko and Tenchi, trying to help them.  "Damn," she says,
pulling out a medkit from her black hole.  "I never imagined both of you would
go down."

=-=-=-=-=
        Yosho sees the scene as he continues to fight against his own opponent.
Although he's winning, he still feels that same dread that brought him down
here.

        "That's two down, Yosho," Claric states.  Taking to the air, "I've had enough
fun.  Mico!  Rica!"

        The two slam their fists into Ayeka's shield, shattering it.  After such a
force, Ayeka drops to the ground, holding her head.  Standing again, she
stretches out her arms.  "You won't take her," she says profoundly.

        Rica snaps his fingers, "yes.  We will."

        "Ayeka!" Sasami shouts.

        She turns to see Sasami sinking into her own shadow.  "Sasami!" she cries,
grabbing her hands.  "Hold on!"

        But, it is too late.  Sasami is sucked in, and disappears.

        "SASAMI!" Ayeka screeches, slamming her fists to the ground.  "NO!  Come
back!"  Turning towards the pair, she sees them disappearing into black holes.
Before she can do anything, they're gone.

        Similarly, Claric leaves, laughing insanely.  "We've won!"  And, as soon as
that's said, he's gone.

        Ayeka starts bawling.  "No!  Not Sasami!"

        Yosho walks over and places a hand on her shoulder.  Not knowing what to say,
he says nothing.

        A flurry of emotions overwhelming her, Ayeka shakes off the hand and stands
up.  Without a word, she walks towards the house.

        "Little Washu," Tenchi says softly, "find her.  Please!  You're the only one
who can."

        "Don't worry," she promises, "I intend to."

-Continued?  Damn right!-
