Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns Tenchi Muyo!  I had no part in it.

Mica, Mico, Rica, Claric, and Celestia are mine.

=-=-=-=-=
Tenchi Muyo!:  Dark Times

Part Six:  Run!

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
=-=-=-=-=

        Aboard the crystaline starship Ryo-Ohki, Washu is at a loss as to
what
happened.  Yosho is his usual calm self.  Although, he is heartbroken to see
his half-sister turned against them.

        Noboyuki is also calm for the moment, though he is wondering just
what
happened to turn Sasami evil.  Still holding Mayuka, he sees the baby has
fallen asleep.

        Ayeka and Ryoko are still unconcious.  They were hit pretty hard
during the
fight.  Although, for them, being out of it may be a blessing right now, for
they wouldn't have to face the harsh reality of Tsunami being against them.

        Mihoshi is about to start bawling.  "Why is Sasami against us?  What
did we
do, Kiyone?"

        "I don't know, Mihoshi," she answers.  "I don't know."

        Appearing on the deck, Celestia joins the crew.  "Alright, Washu.
Who was
that?"

        "She WAS Sasami, the girl we were searching for.  Now, it seems
she's
completed the assimilation with Tsunami."

        "And who is Tsunami?" Celestia asks, crossing her arms.

        "Tsunami is the one that created the Juraian Royal Family.  And from
what
I've seen, she's quite protective of her family."

        "Really?  Is that why she tried to kill us?"

        "I'll tell you this much:  that's NOT Tsunami.  Something must have
happened while she was trapped.  The Tsunami we know has done everything she
can for the Juraian Royal Family.  On two occasions, she's even brought back
the dead.  The first instance is when Sasami became part of her.  The second
was only a couple years ago when she brought Tenchi back to us."

        "I'm sorry.  I couldn't do much for him," Celestia says.  "I didn't
want to
risk a fight with Rica."

        "We'll get him back.  I don't think Tsunami will hurt him too much."

        "And why is that?"

        "Because, before this all started, Sasami had deep feelings for
Tenchi.
With that fact in mind, I believe Tenchi will be fine.  Besides, with her
power, she could've killed us all without a problem.  I think she's holding
back."

        Ryoko comes to, cussing and swearing.  "When I find her," she
starts,
"I'll-"

        "You'll what?" Washu jumps.  "Kill her?  I doubt even you would or
even
COULD do such a thing."

        "I guess you're right," she responds.  Looking around, "where's
Tenchi?"

        "He's still on Earth," Washu answers.

        "WHAT?" Ryoko shouts.  "Ryo-Ohki!  Go back!"

        "Ignore her," Washu says.  "We can't go back."

        "Do not worry, Ryoko," Yosho states.  "Tsunami will not hurt him.
Her
feelings are too deep to cause him injury."

        Ayeka comes to, mumbling about something she'd like to do to her
sister.
"Where's Tenchi?"

        "We'll get him back, Ayeka," Ryoko says.  "I swear it."

        "Where are we going?" Ayeka asks.

        "Well," Washu starts, "we can't stay on Earth, so I'm taking us to
Jurai."

        "WHAT?!" the entire group shouts.

        "That's the first place she'd look," Kiyone says.

        "Exactly.  She'll ignore Jurai knowing we won't go there."

        "Are you sure about this?" Ayeka asks.

        "No.  But, what else can we do?"

        Groaning, Ayeka and Ryoko fall back into unconciousness.  Washu
walks over
to them, with her holo-laptop ahead of her.  "They'll both be out for
awhile.  They may come and go, but it'd be painful."  Washu reaches into her
black hole and pulls out two small discs.  She then places one on each of
the unconcious girls, behind the left ear.

        "Will they be alright?" Kiyone asks, concerned.

        "In time.  The shock of their enemy's identity didn't help much."

        "What are we going to do?" Mihoshi whines.

        Her question is answered as the ship is suddenly rocked by an
explosion.
"What happened?" Washu shouts.

        A screen appears, showing the ship Tsunami behind them.  "Meow..."
The
screen changes to Tsunami staring at the group, smiling evily.

        "Did you really think you could get away that easily?  I will track
you
down and have my revenge, even if it takes me to the other side of the
galaxy."  Another shot knocks everyone off their feet.

        "Still thinks she's protective of her family?" Celestia asks.

        "Ryo-Ohki!" Washu shouts, "full throttle!  We have to lose her!"

=-=-=-=-=
        On board the ship Hinase, the owner of the ship is currently
relaxing.
Sitting back in her chair, Minagi stretches out much like a cat does.  Her
ship on low warp, she seems to be in no hurry.

        "Minagi!" the ship's voice says, breaking the peace.  "I'm picking
up
Ryo-Ohki on my sensors."

        The Ryoko look-alike is suddenly much more aware.  "What?  Out
here?"

        A second later, the said ship passes them at high warp, only a
thousand
feet from their current position.  A second later, another ship passes, guns
blazing.  "Was that Tsunami?" Hinase asks.

        "Ryoko!  What have you done now?" Minagi asks nobody in particular.
"Follow them, Hinase," she orders.

        The twin-nosed ship quickly obeys, jumping into high warp after
Ryo-Ohki.
After a minute, Hinase comes in close enough to communicate.  "Do you wish
to talk to them?" the ship asks.

        "Of course!" she shouts.  <What has she done to get Jurai's most
powerful
ship to chase them?>  A screen appears before the girl, "WASHU?!" she
shouts.

        "Oh, hi Minagi."

        "What are you doing out here?  And where's Ryoko?"

        "Well, Tsunami's having a bit of a fit.  She seems to think we're
against
her.  Ryoko found out the hard way why she shouldn't fight her."

        "Great.  Just great.  Well, I'll help you get Tsunami off your
tail."

        "I'd appreciate that."  With that, the screen disappears with Washu.

        "Hinase?  Time to run interference."

        "Against Tsunami?  Are you out of your mind, Minagi?"

        "Those people helped me get here today.  You don't have to do
anything
major.  Just get her attention."

        "I'm gonna regret this."  The ship flies in close and fires randomly
at the
tree ship, doing nothing more than annoying the pilot.

=-=-=-=-=
        "Now who?" Tsunami shouts.  A screen appears with a familiar ship on
it.
"Hinase.  I should have known."

        "Minagi," Tenchi says.  For the purpose of amusement, Tsunami has
placed
Tenchi in a small bubble of force, keeping him on his knees.  Although his
Light Hawk Wings aren't active, he's still in his battle gear. "Leave her
alone.  She has nothing to do with this."

        "She fired on me.  That makes her involved."

        Tsunami, the ship, turns to fight Hinase, who makes another pass at
its
enemy.  Passing by it, the ship keeps Tsunami busy as Ryo-Ohki flies away.
Tsunami, just watches in horror as she realizes what she did.  "DAMN YOU
MINAGI!"  As she cusses, Hinase jumps into its highest warp, following
Ryo-Ohki's trail.  Being suddenly alone in space, "AAAAHHHH!!!!!" she
screams.

        "I think it's only fitting," Tenchi adds.  "You really don't want to
hurt
your friends, do you?"

        "Shut up!" she shouts, sending a nasty shock through him via the
bubble.

=-=-=-=-=
        Catching up to the cabbit ship, the crew, plus Ryo-Ohki herself,
transfer
to Hinase.  This would have been easier, had they not done it at high warp.
Finally, though, everyone is crowded on board Minagi's craft.

        Celestia finally meets the pilot, and can't help but look from Ryoko
to
Minagi and back a few dozen times.  "Now I know why I don't do space
travel," she says, putting her crystal encrusted hand to her head.  "Washu?
Can you explain?"

        "It's quite simple.  Minagi is a clone of Ryoko, with some Juraian
genetics
in her as well."

        "I thought so," she lies.  "Washu, are there going to be any more
surprises
you aren't telling me about?"

        "I wouldn't want to ruin anything, Celestia."

        "I suppose Minagi has the same powers as Ryoko?"

        "Of course."

        "At least I can tell them apart.  Minagi has marks on her face,
while Ryoko
doesn't."

        "See?  The universe isn't as complex as you think," Washu says,
smiling.
Looking to Ryoko, "they'll be out for a couple more days.  We need time."

        "We need to get to Jurai," Yosho says.

        "Yes," Washu agrees.  "Ryo-Ohki, let's go."

        "Meow..." she agrees, taking off for the planet.

=-=-=-=-=
        On the planet Yatsuka, the group stops on the now-liberated planet
to plan
their strategy.  Keeping the ship on the ground, they can evade detection by
Tsunami.  Also, it will serve to stock up on supplies.

        On the planet, Yosho has the still unconcious Ayeka over his
shoulder.
Minagi has a similarly unconcious Ryoko over her shoulder.  Noboyuki follows
closely with Mayuka.  "I wish I'd brought something to put her in," he
whines.

        After a second, Washu pulls out a cradle for the baby.  "All you had
to do
was ask."  After the baby is put into the carrier, Washu takes it.  "I'll
take her for awhile, Noboyuki."

        Upon arrival of the planet, they meet the family they once helped to
escape
Ohsa, the baka that once held this planet in his hand.  He used the
villagers as slaves, as well as any trespassers.  The men were taken to the
mines, while the women were taken to Ohsa himself.

        After Ayeka was done with him, he learned that some girls don't like
such
behavior.  In short, he was overthrown, and the slaves were released.  One
such slave was eternally grateful for being reunitied with his family.

        Knocking on the door, Washu looks back to the group.  <More here,
more
missing,> Washu thinks.  <But, they should know us.>

        Opening the door, "who is it?" an elderly man  asks.  But, on seeing
the
group, "so, you have returned, Minagi, Mihoshi.  But, what happened?"

        "Mr. Yaza," Washu starts.

        "No!  Call me 'Grandpa!'  After all, you freed this entire village.
For
that, you are part of our family."

        "Alright, 'Grandpa," Washu corrects.  "We need your help."

        "Tell me about it inside," he offers, ushering in his 'family.'

=-=-=-=-=
        A short time later, Ayeka and Ryoko are resting in one of the guest
rooms
while Ryo-Ohki watches over them.  Mayuka is also in the same room, likewise
watched by the cabbit.

        Washu, Noboyuki, Yosho, Minagi, Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Celestia gather
in one
the large rooms with Grandpa.  "So, Washu, who are the newcomers?  I
recognize you, Minagi, and Mihoshi, but not the others."

        "Well, Grandpa," she starts, motioning to Noboyuki, "this is
Tenchi's
father, Noboyuki."  Motioning to the teal haired girl, "this is Kiyone, who
is Mihoshi's partner in the Galaxy Police."

        "Galaxy Police?  They must be lucky."

        <Yes, I'm sure they are!>  "And then there's Celestia, who helped us
escape
Earth.  At this point, she knows almost nothing of anything outside the
Solar System."

        Looking a bit sheepish, "well, I thought I'd help out.  But, then, I
decided to hitch a ride and have some fun."

        "You are a Crystal Warrior?" Grandpa asks.

        Everyone looks to him, stunned.

        "How did you know about-" Kiyone stammers.

        "You know about us?"

        "A long time ago, the Crystal Warriors fought to protect space.
But, they
disappeared."

        Minagi looks over to Washu, "what's a Crystal Warrior, Washu?"

        "Later, Minagi."

        "Washu," Grandpa asks, "why are you here?  What are you doing
travelling
through space?  And where are Sasami and Tenchi?"

        "Sasami has....changed.  She's nowhere near the girl you once saw.
She's
ten years older, now, and is fighting against us."

        "This is terrible."

        "Yes.  Tenchi was taken by her.  And, Ayeka and Ryoko found out what
it
means to irritate her."

        <Meow!>

        "Speaking of which," Washu says, standing.  Washu walks out of the
room,
towards the one Ryo-Ohki is watching.  "Excuse me."

=-=-=-=-=
        Ayeka and Ryoko are both sitting up when Washu enters the room.
"Ayeka,
listen," Ryoko says.  "If we're going to get Tenchi back, we're going to
have to put aside our differences."

        "I agree," Ayeka says, gripping Ryoko's hand.  Having done so, blue
and
orange energy arcs over their clasped hands.

        "We'll show her not to mess with us!" Ryoko says profoundly.

        "This...is scary," Washu adds.  "Ayeka and Ryoko joining forces?
Against
Sasami?"

        Ayeka and Ryoko both stand and walk to Washu.  "We shall win," Ayeka
says.
"Good shall always triumph over evil."

        <Which means that I will win Tenchi,> they both think.

        "Is that right?" a voice booms.  A second later, Tsunami appears,
sword in
hand.  Still wearing her battle armor, "if that's true, none of you stand a
chance."

        "WAIT!" Washu shouts.  "You can't fight in here!  First of all, this
is
someone's home.  Not to mention Mayuka would be hurt!  You don't want to
hurt her, do you?"

        Grumbling, "no, I don't."  Pointing her sword towards the door,
"outside.
Now!"

=-=-=-=-=
        A minute later, the group is outside with Tsunami, while the Yaza
family
watches from their home.

        "So, Tsunami," Kiyone says, "how did you find us so quickly?"

        Smiling a bit, "now, now.  That would be telling."  Making her armor
around
her body, "now, let's pick up where we left off, shall we?"

        Ryoko and Minagi stand side by side, both holding beam swords.  "Be
careful, Minagi.  She knows how to use that pig-sticker quite well."

        "I wouldn't doubt it, Ryoko."

        <Don't worry, Minagi,> Ryoko says telepathically, <We just have to
get out
of here.  We haven't got our plan, yet.>

        <Are you thinking what I'm thinking, Ryoko?> Washu adds.

        <Yeah!> Minagi answers.  <We'll distract her while you take off.>

        Tsunami takes the vertical plate from her stomach and transforms it
into
another sword.  "Come on!  Let's go!"

        Ayeka steps between the two cyan-haired girls.  "Tsunami, I cannot
allow
you to continue like this.  We're your friends!  Can't you see that?"

        "Hmph!  Some friend you were.  You were always fighting with Ryoko
or doing
some princess duty.  I always had to find someone else to listen because my
sister was too busy."

        "I don't know what you saw or what you've been told, but you must
know that
we all love you.  Don't you remember?  I took you with me so that I knew you
were safe.  Mother wanted you to stay on Jurai, but I wanted you to come
with.  Don't you remember?"

        "You're right...No!  You're just trying to trick me again!  I won't
be!  I
know what happened!"

        <It's too late,> Ayeka thinks.  <She's too far gone.  Sasami is
gone,
forever.>  "If that's what you think, Tsunami, then that is what you think.
And, if you truly are that way, you are no longer my sister."  Turning away
from her, she emphasizes the point.

        <OUCH!> Washu, Minagi, and Ryoko think together.

        "So be it," Tsunami says.  "What say you, Ryoko?  Are you against
me, too?
Minagi?"

        "For once, I'm with Ayeka," Ryoko says, charging.  Minagi follows a
second
later.  As they both take on Tsunami, both beam swords are met with a Light
Hawk Sword each.

        Ayeka, realizing what's happening, picks up Ryo-Ohki.  "Please,
Ryo-Ohki.
Take us from here!"

        "Miya!" she says, mocking a salute.  Then, the Juraian princess
flings the
cabbit into the air, as she transforms.

        Standing alone on the bridge, "Ryo-Ohki," she commands, "get the
others!"

        As the group members appear on the cabbit's bridge, Ryoko and Minagi
stay
on the surface, while locked in combat.  Celestia teleports herself down,
trying to get the remaining fighters.  "Tsunami!" she yells from above.
"Try blocking this!" she shouts, sending a surge of power at her.

        Ryoko and Minagi instantly teleport away.  But, Tsunami uses a
shield to
deflect the energy.  However, Celestia sees what she's doing and increases
her output.  As she does this, the shield around Tsunami holds remarkably.
In fact, it holds so well as to drive her into the ground, shield and all.

        Exhausted from the experience, Celestia passes out in mid-air, only
to be
caught by a upward flying Ryoko.  "You did great kid.  Now, let's blow this
pop stand!"

=-=-=-=-=
        On board Ryo-Ohki, everyone plans their next move.  "Minagi," Ayeka
starts,
"I believe we'll need a decoy in order to escape Tsunami completely.  Head
for Jurai.  I have a feeling they might need all the ships they can get."

        "And, I'd like you to take a few people with," Washu adds.

        "Who?" Minagi asks.

        "Mihoshi, Kiyone, Yosho, Noboyuki, and Mayuka.  I want you to drop
them off
on Ryuten.  Once you get Hinase off the planet, Celestia will take them
over."

        "Gotcha," Minagi says, disappearing.  Not a moment later, Hinase
takes off
towards Ryo-Ohki.

        "Let's go," Celestia says, enveloping the chosen five in a bubble.
"I'll
be back in a minute."  That said, the six head toward's Minagi's ship.

        "How did she know our exact position?" Washu wonders.  <It can't be
Hinase,> Washu reasons, <so it must be...>  "Ayeka!  Give me your crown!"

        "What?  Never!"  Pointing to said object, "do you know what this
means to
me?"

        Ryoko makes a beam sword.  "Ayeka...if Washu says to give her the
crown, I
say give it to her."

        The resident scientist gives a smile of approval.  "Ayeka?  The
crown?"

        Reluctantly, Ayeka removes the headpiece and hands it to Washu.  "Be
careful with it," she cautions.

        Washu looks at it for a moment, and then tosses it aimlessly into
her black
hole.  "There.  Much better!"

        "Miss Washu!  What did you do?"

        "Dummy!" Ryoko says, "she tracked us using it."

        "Right," Washu says.  "Your key is like a beacon to her.  Even if
you don't
use it, she'll know exactly where you are."

        Ryoko looks to see Hinase veering away from Ryo-Ohki.  "Good luck,"
Ryoko
says.

        Celestia appears shortly afterward.  "They're on their way.  She
said she'd
drop them off with someone named Asashi or something like that."

        "That's ASAHI, Celestia," Ryoko corrects.

        <Yes, Gohgei should be adequate protection.>  "So, Miss Washu,"
Ayeka asks,
"what are WE going to do?"

        "We're going to war!" Washu says maniacally.

-End?  NO WAY!-