Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns these characters.  I'm just using them for a time.

HOWEVER!  Celestia, Crystal Warriors, Claric, Mica, Rica, and Mico are mine.

=-=-=-=-=
Tenchi Muyo!:  Dark Times

Part Five:  Homecoming

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
=-=-=-=-=

Washu's Search Log:  Day 92

        I finally found her!  It took three months, but I found Sasami!  I
should
tell the others, but I think I'll wait until she's actually here.  Call me a
sentimental fool.  Now, if only Celestia were here...  I have to wait for
her.  She said she'd be back soon.

        As for the rest of us, things are settling down.  It's unfortunate
that
Azusa, Misaki, and Funaho had to leave.  They would have enjoyed this news.
But, vacations can last only so long.

        Tenchi has finally discovered how to voluntarily use the Light Hawk
Wings.
After focusing for a short time, they will come at his command.  I guess I
can't tease him anymore...  Damn!

-Washu, the happiest girl here!

        Smiling, Washu walks towards the lab door.  "Now, it's time to fight
back!"

=-=-=-=-=
        Sasami, or Tsunami as she's called now, and Mica have been planning
this
day for months.  The time has come to take down Claric, and go home.

        "Remember, Sasami," Mica starts.

        She gives her a rather uncomfortable look.

        "I'm sorry-Tsunami.  Claric is very powerful.  And when he sees me,
he's
not going to be happy."

        "I can understand.  After all, you did escape with me 10 years ago.
His
ultimate plan was ruined."

        "We can win.  We just have to hit him hard and fast."

        "Right.  Let's go."  Standing, Tsunami rubs the newly appeared ring
on her
finger.  After a second, a light surrounds her and her casual clothes are
changed into Juraian battle armor.

        Mica rubs his ring, and a similar effect happens.  "Right behind
you."

        As they run down the halls, they approach a room Sasami hasn't seen
in ten
years.  Entering the black room, "I hate this place," she comments.

        "There you are, you traitor," Claric says.  A light appears
overhead, and
Claric is revealed.  "I suppose you've come to face me, haven't you?"

        "And win!" Tsunami shouts.  "I will not live here one more day.
Today, I
go home."

        "And what of you, Mica?  What is it that you want?"

        "I'm leaving with Tsunami."

        "There's only one problem, boy."  His eyes glow for a second, and
Mica
drops to his knees.  "I'm afraid you're not going anywhere."

        "Mica!" Tsunami shouts, bending down to him.  "What's wrong?"  She
then
sees three figures, each partially faint.  "No..."  Standing, "if that's how
it's going to be," she says, energizing her sword.

        "Tsu-na-mi..." Mica groans, "I'll be fine..."  Then, he splits into
Rica
and Mico.

        "Alright, traitor," Mico says to her "brother," "I'm going to make
sure you
never leave."

        "Baka," Rica almost shouts, "if I die, so do you.  Remember?"

        "We'll see," she says, as they both stand.  Taking out her sword,
"let's
go."

        Making his own sword, "yes.  Let's end this."

        While Tsunami is studying her opponent, she still pays attention to
the
other match.  Finally, "Rica!" she yells, tossing her sword to him.

        Grabbing it, "but-"

        "Trust me.  Use it!"

        "Fool," Claric shouts.  "He can't use that toy.  He has no power."

        Rica concentrates, and a blue blade does indeed form.  "Thanks,
Tsunami."

        Turning back to her own opponent, "now, for you."  Five pairs of
wings of
light unfold behind her, about a meter in length each.  Folding onto her
body, two wings form arm guards.  Two more form glowing plates on her legs.
Four more wings wrap around her body, two on her chest and shoulders and two
on her hips.  One more attaches to the front of her body in a vertical
fashion across her stomach.  The wings in place, they all flash for a
second, and are replaced by glistening armor.  The final wing becomes a
sword with curved wings on the hilt, five on a side.

        "Impressive.  Let's see how much it helps you."  Making his own
sword, he
charges her.  Swinging, "mastery of the Light Hawk Wings is no easy feat,"
he says.

        Blocking the swing, "Not as hard as you think.  You must not have
had
them."  Swinging again, "they must not have been around in your time."

        "I believe Tsunami was saving them for someone else."  The swing is
blocked.  "But, you don't have to worry about it."  Making another blade out
of the Juraian power alone, he jams it into her gut.  "Now, die."
Dissipating the energy, "I win."

        Ironically, there's no blood whatsoever.  In fact, "that didn't
hurt,"
Tsunami mumbles.  Looking at her opponent, "you're turn."

        Claric looks at her wide-eyed, "now, don't do anything drastic."

        "Drastic?  DRASTIC?  You DESERVE this!  What about that first day?
You
used your power to strip me of anything I had left.  Then, you left me to
die on that damn pillar.  If it wasn't for Mica, I would probably still be
there."

=-=-=-=-=
        Rica and Mico are fighting each other viciously.  After all, they've
had
the same amount of training.  "Why don't you give up, Mico?" Rica asks
calmly.

        "Why?  I'd be still be under your control!"

        "You ARE me!  Don't you get it?"

        Blocking a swing to her body, "NO!  I want to be free from you!  I
want to
get away from you!"

        "Is that what you want?  Well, I'll tell you that will never happen.
We
are one!  There's no denying that!"

        "Shut up!" she shouts.  Swinging, she finds her sword knocked away
by Rica.
  She can only watch as it slides across the floor.

        "Don't let anger cloud your judgement.  You never learned that."
Grabbing
her by the throat, "and you won't."  A second later, Mico disappears again,
and Mica returns.  "It's over, Mico."

=-=-=-=-=
        Tsunami is having a ball of a time.  Knowing full well that Claric's
powers
are useless against her, "so, what shall I do with you?"  Raising her sword,
"maybe I should just kill you.  That might help."

        "Tsunami!" Mica shouts, "forget it.  You've already won.  There's
nothing
he can do to you."

        "It's not he WILL do.  It's about what he DID."

        "TSUNAMI!  Enough!  We need him."

        Looking at her foe in disgust, she dissipates the Light Hawk Wings.
"You're right."  Turning towards Mica, "besides, there are others to torture
first."

        Looking at his sword, he has one quesion on his mind.  "How did this
work?
Mico had my power."

        "Simple.  I merely charged the thing with my own power.  Any Juraian
should
be able to use it now."

        Smiling a bit, "ready to go?"

        "I have been for 10 years."

        "Let's go, Tsunami," he says.  "Let's go home."

=-=-=-=-=
        At the Masaki residence, a woman with long blonde hair and golden
armbands
drops down from the sky.  Standing out in the yard, she and Washu stand
ready to crack the seal.  Ayeka is behind them, as are Tenchi, Mihoshi,
Kiyone, Ryoko, Noboyuki, and Katsuhito.

        Washu has her holo laptop in front of her, as she is typing in a
sequence.
"Celestia.  You know what to do."

        "Yes.  I do.  I'll go in and get Sasami.  Then, I'll come right
back."

        "Remember.  Rica has the opposite of your powers.  So, your fighting
him
could wipe out everything, including yourself."

        "I know."  Her armbands glow for a second, and a golden gateway
opens in
the air about 3 meters in front of them.  "Uh, Washu?"

        "Go on.  It's safe."

        "It's not that.  They're already coming.  And they're using MY
gate!"

        "Sasami?" Ayeka asks.

        "I don't know."

        From the portal, Claric, Mico and Rica emerge.  "It's been too
long,"
Claric states.  "But this time, we won't stop at a single abduction.  This
time, you all die."

        Ryoko summons her beam sword, "no.  This time, we'll win."

        Activating the Light Hawk Wings, "Where is Sasami?" Tenchi asks.

        <Oh, she's going to have fun with him,> Claric muses.  "She's safe.
But,
not in a good mood."

        Summoning her logs, "give her back!" Ayeka shouts.

        "Don't worry about her," Rica states.  "It's yourselves you should
worry
about."

        Katsuhito creates a sword of his own, "Claric, I may have to kill
you.  You
know that."

        "Really, Yosho?  I'd like to see you try!"

        Washu moves over to Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Noboyuki, who is holding
baby
Mayuka.  Placing a shield around them, "don't worry.  You'll be safe in
here."

=-=-=-=-=
        Ryoko charges, flying towards Mico.  "You beat me last time, but you
won't
again!"

        Pulling out her sword, Mico changes it to an energy blade.  "We'll
see."

        Taking to the air, the two have a mid-air battle.

=-=-=-=-=
        Tenchi charges Rica, sword ready.  Taking a slash, it is met by
Rica's own
Jurai sword.  Shocked, "I thought you didn't have any Jurai power!"

        "Looks are often deceiving."  Taking his own slash, he is met by the
Light
Hawk Sword once again.  "Myself for example.  I am more than what you see."

=-=-=-=-=
        Katsuhito walks over to Claric.  "End this, Claric.  If it's just a
fight
you want, then there is no point to it."

        "We are not your true enemies this time, Yosho.  We are merely
setting the
stage for somebody else."

        "Who?"

        "You'll see."  Creating a sword, "well, at least I can have some fun
with
you."  Swinging, it is met by Yosho's sword.

        "I grow tired of fighting.  End this."  Swinging himself,
"otherwise, I
will."

=-=-=-=-=
        Mico is the one having trouble this time.  Before, she fought Ryoko
with
only one of the gems.  This time, she has three.  Her swing blocked, "damn,
you're being a pain."

        "You're such a sore loser," Ryoko responds.  Just give up and go
home.

        "We shall never return there.  Never!"

        Ryoko sends a blast to Mico that drops her to the ground.  "Where is
Sasami?"

        "Where do you think she is?"  Mico asks.

=-=-=-=-=
        Tenchi is finally getting the upper hand as he knocks away Rica's
sword and
puts the tip of his just under Rica's jaw.  "Where is she?"

        "Where you can't corrupt her anymore."

        "CORRUPT?  How dare you say such words.  I oughta-"

        "That's ENOUGH!" a new voice shouts.  Everyone, save the Exiles,
look
towards the portal.  "I've had enough of this fight.  Rica!  Mico!  Claric!
Leave them to me!"

        The three back off, and move towards the portal.

        Appearing from the gate is a woman the Masaki family never expected.
Wearing Juraian battle armor, "I told you not to hurt them."  Looking at the
group with red eyes from anger and hatred, "it's been a long time."

        "Sasami?" Ayeka asks.  "Is that you?"

        "Sasami is gone.  I am Tsunami.  And I've got a score to settle."

        It was a day like this when she was taken.  Ten years ago, on a day
like
this, she vanished.  But now, she's back.  Seeing her former friends ahead
of her, "I haven't see any of you in ten years."

        "Sasami, I-" Tenchi starts, but is cut off as dagger of light
implants
itself into the ground, inches from his foot.

        "Sasami is gone.  I am Tsunami."

        "You're right," Washu says, "because Sasami would never act like
this."

        "What have they done to you?" Ayeka cries.  "We're you're friends!
Don't
you remember?"

        "Of course I remember.  You left me to die in that place.  I know.
I saw
what you were doing while I was down there."

        "We searched everywhere for you," Ryoko shouts.

        "Don't lie to me.  It won't help.  The point is that I spent ten
years in
that hell, and none of you even tried to get me out."

        Yosho looks to Tsunami with his usual calmness.  "Tsunami!  What are
you
thinking?  We wouldn't abandon you."

        "Yosho," Tsunami says, "you lie too much for your own good.  Your
appearance, for example."  Tsunami snaps her fingers, and Yosho loses his
disguise.

        Ayeka looks at him with confusion.  "Yosho?  Why didn't you tell me
this?
Why did you have to hide from me?"

        "Ayeka, I-"

        His sentance is halted as Ayeka gives him a hard slap to the face.
"You
betrayed me.  How could you?"

        "Because," Tsunami adds, "he never was good at telling the whole
truth.
How about you, Ryoko?  How did you like the fact that Yosho branded you as a
demon to everyone he met?  Sure, being a space pirate is one thing, but
being called such a vile thing is insulting."

        "I guess I deserved it, after what I did, even if I was under
Kagato's
control."

        A single wing appears and transforms into Tsunami's Light Hawk
Sword.
"But, enough chat.  Who wants to be first?"

        "We don't want to fight you, Tsunami," Washu says.

        "Fine.  Be that way," she responds.  "I wanted to fight Tenchi first
anyways," she says, charging.  Meeting Tenchi, she swings, but is blocked by
his own sword.

        As Tsunami starts to fight, the rest of the group fans out, avoiding
injury.

        "What are you doing, Tsunami?" he asks.  "We're your friends!"

        "No, you're not.  I spent ten years down there," she says, swinging
again,
"and none of you showed up."

        Blocking the swing, "We tried, Tsunami.  If you saw what we did,
then you
know we tried."

        Stopping, "you're not even fighting, are you?"

        "No.  I'm not.  I will not strike you."

        "Fool."  Tsunami gives him a right cross, sending him to the ground.
"You
really have a lot to learn."  Then, she hears a familiar sound behind her.
Turning, she sees Ryoko, in her black and red outfit, with a beam sword.

        "Leave him alone," Ryoko orders.  "We don't want to hurt you,
Tsunami.
But, you leave us with few options."

        "You're going to fight me?  It's just as I thought.  You really
aren't my
friends."  Running off towards Ryoko, she swings en route, but is met by
Ryoko's own sword.

        "Tsunami!  Wake up!  We're not your enemies!" Ryoko shouts, swinging
her
sword.

        Blocking it, "well, you sure aren't my friends!"

        Ayeka watches as the scene unfolds.  "There's no other way," she
whispers.
Concentrating her Jurai power, she sends a blast of energy at Tsunami.  But,
she sees it is merely absorbed by her sister.

        "Nice try," she says, turning towards Ayeka.  "But, wouldn't this be
more
appropriate?" she asks, surrounding the Juraian princess with small logs.  A
second later, she sends Ayeka a short, but powerful shock of power, dropping
the girl.

        "No!" Ryoko shouts, swinging at Tsunami's back.  But, she is stopped
and
similarly shocked by Tsunami's own shield.  Dropping to the ground, "damn
that hurt..." she mumbles before passing out.

        "Idiot," she says, looking back.  "Did you actually think that would
work?"

        "I don't know who you are," Celestia says, "but it looks like I'll
have to
fight you myself."

        "I have no idea who you are, either," Tsunami says, "but, you seem
to want
a similar fate."

        Creating an energy sword, "we'll see," Celestia returns.

        "Celestia!" Washu shouts.  "Be careful.  You have no idea who you're
up
against."

        Running for Tsunami, Celestia sees her opponent do the same.
Slashing, she
is met by Tsunami's sword.  Another slash, another block.  "Who are you,
anyways?" Tsunami asks.

        Swinging herself, "that is not important to you," Celestia answers.
"Why
are you trying to kill these people?  What did they ever do to you?"

        "It's what they didn't do."

        "Yeah, I know.  They didn't come to get you.  Is that it?  Is that
all they
did?"

        "You have no idea what I went through.  I spent ten years waiting
for them.
  They never came.  Do you know how betrayed I feel?"  Using her power,
Tsunami sends a blast into Celestia, knocking her to the ground.
        "We looked for you, but you were completely lost."

=-=-=-=-=
        As Tsunami and Celestia fight, Washu picks up Ryo-Ohki.  "We have to
get
out of here."

        "Meow?"

        "Don't worry.  We won't leave her like this."  Tossing the cabbit
into the
air, she sees her instinctively transform.  A second later, Washu is
standing alone on the bridge.  "Let's get the others and get out of here."

        "Meow!" she complies, enveloping the rest in her transit beam.

        Looking over, Tsunami can see the group start to vanish.  One by
one, they
vanish, finally, she uses her power to keep at least one of the members
here.  "You're staying here, Tenchi."

        "Hey!  Wait!" he complains.  Looking skyward, he watches as Ryo-Ohki
disappears into the air.  "No!"

        Celestia takes off towards Tenchi, and lands next to him.  "I'll get
you
out of here," she says, "somehow."

        "Tsunami?" Mico asks.

        "Yes.  You can beat on her all you want."

        She then runs toward her, slamming against her advesary at full
throttle.
Landing on top of her, Mico pulls out her sword.  "Now, you-" but before she
finishes, Celestia vanishes.  "What?  Where'd you go?"

        Above the scene, Celestia looks back at the scene.  <I can't risk a
fight
with Rica so close.>  "I'll be back, Tenchi."  With that, she takes off
after Ryo-Ohki.

        Tsunami looks to Celestia, "fine.  Run like the coward you are!"
Walking
back to Tenchi, "I'll just have my fun with you."

-To Be Continued!-