 The dark years - Prologue: "The lost one."

Important: All characters of the Tenchi Muyo cast are copyrighted by 
Pioneer and AIC. Black Mesa and the characters of Half-Life are owned by 
Valve Entertainment. I don't own them and I don't want to make money 
from them, so please be gentle. If you have a problem write me and I'll 
stop writing these and take them off-line. Also, all material from 
borrowed from the Star Wars universe is copyrighted to George Lucas and 
his respective companies.

This is a prologue for the dark years. The dark years series is a joint 
project between the creator of the Cat's dinner series, Matthew "Neko" 
Struck, and me, The Darktrooper, editor and pre-reader. This story 
provides the introduction of "Darktrooper", the newest character in the 
series.

The following story is a LIME, which means it only contributes to the 
storyline and it doesn't have lemon content. But, all warnings apply.

Now, let's continue with the story.



One year before Cat's dinner in a remote sector of the Juraian empire 
galactic frontier. (Ed's note: For the effects of the story, the Juraian 
Empire extends to a full galaxy.)


The darkness of space extends to all directions his eyes can see. 
But, It's still breathtaking. From the cockpit of his modified Y-wing, 
the pilot admires the view. He has done what his civilization dreamed 
for centuries. He's still admiring when his copilot called him.

"Commander, are you awake?" EVA asks him. "We have to do a SysCheck if 
we want to know if we can return."

"Huh, oh right. Sorry EVA." He said. "It's the view. Anyway, run a 
system check-up to the main drive and deploy a HoloNet ComSat."

"Yes, commander. SysCheck in progress and HoloSat deployed. It should be 
ready to transmit in 30 seconds." Replied EVA.

"Thank you EVA." He said, and then all hell breaks loose. Alarms and all 
kind of beeps activated.

"We got several bogies incoming, bearing 3.5 mark 5 (Ed's note: 3 o 
clock, 45 degrees up, 5 Km far) in a intercept course and charging 
weapons, commander." EVA reported. "They're hailing." The speakers in 
his helmet started a flow on static and what sounded like Basic.

"This is the juraian patrol fleet to unknown spacecraft. Identify 
yourself or we will open fire. You have 10 seconds to comply." 

 "Full stop EVA and open an audio-only channel." He ordered. A beep was 
his reply. "This is commander Darktrooper on the terran exploration 
vessel Longbow. We come in peace." He stated.

"Terran vessel, you are in juraian space. You're ordered to stand down 
your weapons and remain in full stop. Do not comply and you will be fire 
upon. Your case is being relayed to the emperor. Sand by." The voice 
stated.

"Understood, standing by. Darktrooper, out." With that, he killed the 
channel. "EVA, report"

"Sir, those ships are as alien as we are for them. The SysCheck is done 
and the main drive has sustained damage during the jump. If we use it 
again, we have a 65% of a critical failure during jump and risk death. 
Our only option is to send a signal using the HoloSat to warn the fleet 
about the problem, then, if we're going to be detained, we eject of the 
ship and destroy it, so our captors will don't have access to our 
technology." EVA said.

"A good plan, but what about you?" He said.

"That's not a problem. After we bailed, I will activate my defense sub-
routines and I will go to sleep mode. You know what to say to them." EVA 
replied.

"I see. Alright, prepare the signal and encrypt it to my DNA code and 
send it to the Excalibur." He ordered while he prepared his spacesuit 
for the bail. He knows EVA's plan will work. That's why he chose her as 
his assistant. Now, to wait for the rest to unfold.


15 minutes later.


The static in the helmet broke the silence again as the ComLink came to 
life and the other voice started talking.

"Terran vessel, by order of Emperor Azusa of Jurai, you're placed under 
arrest. Surrender your vessel and stand by for tractor beam." The other 
voice spoke.

"Is this is the way you people treat visitors in this galaxy, then you 
must catch me first." With that I killed the ComLink. "EVA, send the 
beacon now. Prepare for a space walk. They can arrest me but not my 
ship." He ordered.

"Beacon launched. Data stream sent. I'm ready for space." EVA replied.

With that said, Darktrooper launched himself in space. After distancing 
himself, he destroyed the modified Y-Wing and with it, his only chance 
of returning home. He waited for his captors to retrieve him from space.


Later, in the brig of the juraian flagship.
(Ed's Note. The following is in first person perspective.)


Darktrooper POW logs. Day 2.

"It has been almost 2 days after my capture. They tried to 
interrogate me and remove EVA from me, but after I describe them the 
defense mechanisms of her. They decided to leave me alone. I think the 
bioreactor and anti-matter regulator rigged to detonate if my life sings 
stops, I.E. kill me; the resulting explosion will destroy this ship and 
everything in a radius of 50Km. At least, they let me in privacy. I 
heard from some of the guards that they are taking me to some place 
called "Japs'ra" in a classified place. I just hope they let me alone. 
I'm going to rest now. EVA will provide me with company, at least."

- End of Entry.


Six months after capture, somewhere in the juraian empire is located a 
top-secret detention facility. This place is called Juraian Academy for 
Political and Social Re Abilitation. 


Darktrooper POW logs. Month 6, Day 1.
 
"If isn't for EVA with me, I would have lost count of the time I'm 
here. This place is supposed to be a rehab joint. This place is more 
like a concentration camp. Even the name of this place is misspelled. 
Anyhow, thanks to the defense mechanism in EVA, the locals have left me 
alone, fearing the explosion. Still, there is the occasional idiot that 
try to pick a fight with me. As always, I bust their asses swiftly. 
Since this facility is planet wide, I have made a special bunker in a 
remote area. The warden, whose name is Mistress Labia, knows about the 
bunker. She let me alone in my bunker and I let her make periodical 
visits for inspections and her own amusement. For her being a "were-fox" 
and her extreme tastes, I believe she is taking very easy with me, like 
I'm VIP. I think it's the DefMecha. Anyhow, I'm left alone. That's what 
counts for me."

-End of Entry.


Eleven months after capture.


Darktrooper POW logs. Month 11, Day 1.

	"I have notice a strange behavior in Ms. Labia. 
She started modifying my bunker. First she added more sleeping quarters 
and refreshers. The galley is bigger than before. She enhanced the 
torture room. I believe she will bring me companions to my solitary 
life. EVA says that her hacking in the academy mainframe has produced 
results. She told me about this planet called Earth and the shitstorm in 
that planet. She told me about the Black Mesa incident and the name of 
the planet when the BM personnel escaped. I must say that name is 
"Lycanthrophia I" and its location is unknown. She told me about the new 
inmates that will be my companions. They will arrive the next month. I 
hope they're resourceful for my plan to unfold. I hope they're friendly 
too. I hate unfriendly companions. Gives me a headache."

-End of Entry.


This is it. The end of the prologue. I will continue this series later. 
Now a preview of the first chapter of "The Dark Years - The Fall of the 
Galaxy Police."


"Come on, Mihoshi. We must leave here." Kiyone said while she dragged a 
crying Mihoshi. "We can't help him if we die here."

"Right. Let's go. We will help him and the others later." Mihoshi 
replied after she stopped crying. "We must find survivors first."

"Agreed." Kiyone told her.

After a while, they reached the Yagami, but they weren't prepared for 
what waited them.


Send me your comments or flames to the_Darktrooper@hotmail.com

Until the next time.
