No Need For Viagra
By: Laughingfuzzy11

*DISCLAIMER-I don’t own these characters.  They aint
MINE!  So don’t bust my ASS  Pioneer for writing a
fictitious story starring characters I don’t OWN.PS-
this story while not being a LEMON is a very graphic
LIME so nobody screws but unless you wanna put up with
certain things then you should probably stop reading.

Ryoko’s hands were very special to her.  She liked her
hands.  Her hands had felt all KINDS of things in her
lifetime.  Energy swords, cabbits, babies.  They’d
felt a whole lot.  She especially enjoyed what they
were attempting to feel right now hanging between
Tenchi’s legs as he sleepily peed into the toilet.
“Cmon…cmon….lil closer …..hehehehe.”,Ryoko mumbled
grinning like a ferret who’d slept in a pot of
cocaine.
Tenchi was wobbling side to side circling the bowl in
pee.  He couldn’t figure out WHY he did that he just
always had since he was a kid.  Tenchi was on some
strange level even proud of his pissing accuracy .
Right now he couldn’t have cared though if he was
pissing on Ryo-Ohki’s carrot dish seeing how tired he
was.
“Dang stupid Washu uhn her crazy
EXPERIMENTS…..”,Tenchi mumbled nearly asleep in
mid-pee.
“quit moving em quit moving em….I cant grab em if they
keep swinging like that!”, Ryoko cursed in her brain
while remaining unnoticed still phased halfway through
the floor down between Tenchis legs under the bowl.
“Next time Washu wants experiments done Ill get her a
mouse er er somethun…”,Tenchi drawled sleepily
finishing his pee and giving the required two shake
jiggle shaking a drop of pee into Ryoko’s hair.
“Damn!”, Ryoko mentally swore whiping her hair and
lunging for a grope at Tenchi.
Ryoko scored home.
“Yes!YES!ooooooh soft…”, Ryoko mentally chuckled.
Tenchis eyes irised as he tried walking away and came
up short.He looked between his legs to see Ryoko
waving with one hand and giggling.
The scream could be heard for miles.
“RYOKO WHAT DO YOU THINK YOUR DOING DOWN THERE!!!”
“Well whats it look like im doing Tenchi?”,Ryoko asked
innocently floating up through the floor giving Tenchi
a squeeze.
“GYAAAH!Stop that!Stop that!GYAAAAH!I said stop it
Ryoko ! No squeezing!Let go!”
“ But the little fellas would get lonely Tenchi if I
did that.”, Ryoko said laughing a little.
The door to the bathroom opened up to reveal a
startled Nobuyuki staring at Tenchi being clasped by
Ryoko.
“Yes!Yes!”,Nobuyuki said excitedly.
“uhhhh now dad this isnt what it looks like!”,Tenchi
said panicking as Ryoko stared blankly at Nobuyuki.
“Oh then what is it Tenchi?”, Nobuyuki asked
curiously, ”Because it appears to me shes got ya by
the twinkies.”
Ryoko smiled and nodded.
“That’s right father Tenchi and me  were about to make
violent love and give you a grandchild.”
“RYOKO!?!?!”,Tenchi said freaking out at Ryokos lie.
“Yes! I knew it! Oh happy day my Tenchi’s becoming a
man! Ill go get the cameras!”, Nobuyuki said cheering
as he ran out of the bathroom to fetch his camera
downstairs.
He nearly knocked over Ayeka in his glee.
“EEP!”Ayeka said narrowly avoiding the deliriously
happy Nobuyuki, “Whats going on Father?Are you all
right?”,Ayeka asked still worried about the screams
shed heard.
“hehe!Im great Ayeka! My Tenchi’s getting laid with
Ryoko as we speak!!!”
“HES WHAT!!!!!!!!”,Ayeka shrieked angrily running
toward the bathroom where shed heard Tenchi screaming.
She got there to see Tenchi unsuccessfully trying to
run away from Ryoko with his pants down being held in
place by his “TWINKIES”.
“Oh great the PRINCESS is here…”Ryoko mumbled.
“AYEKA!?!uh….now this isnt what it looks like!I can
explain!”, Tenchi wailed trying to cover the REST of
his exposed areas.
“Ryoko you brazen hussy!How DARE you attack Lord
Tenchi like this!”
“Attack?”, Ryoko said sarcastically, “Whos attacking
what is what  Id like to know.Im only giving Tenchi a
MASSAGE Princess!”
Tenchi’s face went VERY white.
“A MASSAGE!?!” Ayeka shrieked as logs filled the air,
“If I see YOU start rubbing ANYTHING in THAT hand I
promise you…”
“You promise what honey!”,Ryoko growled creating her
energy sword in her free hand.
Tenchi looked at Ayeka then Ryoko…then between his
legs.
He quickly began to cry.
“Please don’t.  Not yet.  At least let go of me
first.”, Tenchi sobbed uselessly.
The left side of Tenchi’s bathroom blew outward as
Ayeka and Ryoko flew out of it attacking each other.
The bathroom was in shambles when Mihoshi and Sasami
arrived.
“Whats going on here OH!”,Sasami said running in
seeing the bathroom destroyed and Tenchi spread eagle
on display unconscious.
Mihoshi looked over at Tenchi “Golly is he
alright?”,Mihoshi asked.
“He-hes so TINY”, Sasami said giggling at Tenchi’s
twinkies.
LATER outside of Washu’s lab…
“I hope Lord Tenchi’s alright”,Ayeka said worriedly
pacing the floor in front of the lab.
Ryoko and Sasami were sitting together on the couch
while Mihoshi stood by the door with Ayeka.  Sasami
and Ryoko were giggling quite a lot to each other as
Ryo-ohki slept on Sasami’s head.
It was starting to upset Ayeka.
“Sasami how can you be talking with that that HUSSY
after how she injured poor Lord Tenchi?Don’t  you
understand that thanks to her Tenchi could be DYING
for all we know!”
“Oh pipe down Princess”, Ryoko said miffed, “IM not
the one who decided to hit the whole room with some
huge wall of force.”
“Oh yeah!Well Im not the one who unthinkingly PULLED
her FULL hands in front of  her face to protect
herself!”,Ayeka said angrily pointing her finger at
Ryoko.
Ryoko sweatdropped at the memory of Tenchi’s soprano
yelp of terror as he was literally hoisted by his own
petard.
Ryoko sniffed and crossed her arms turning her head
from Ayeka.
Sasami kept giggling to herself.
“They were the size of GRAPES Ryoko did ya see em!Like
grapes!”,Sasami continued to giggle.
Ryoko smiled at the memory as she giggled with Sasami.
“Uh-huh but id LOVE some of THAT grape juice
hehehehe!”,Ryoko  mumbled to Sasami who giggled
further.
Mihoshi looked at Ayeka.
“I bet Washu’s fixed Tenchi up by now.”, Mihoshi said,
“She had the bathroom fixed with only two
buttons!Tenchi should be a snap compared to all those
pipes and thingies.”
“Oh I hope your right Mihoshi.  I don’t know what Id
do if Tenchi wasn’t.”, Ayeka said frightened.
Just then Washu walked out of her lab giggling to
herself as the girls all crowded around her to hear
the news.
“Did you see em Washu?They look all tiny like
grapes!”,Sasami said still giggling.
Washu busted out laughing at Sasami’s comment.
“AHAHAHA!Not anymore Sasami! Not since Tenchis grapes
came to the greatest scientific mind in the universe
for help!”,Washu said triumphantly.
Her chibis A&B popped up on her shoulders to help
cheer and applauded.
“That is right Washu!”
“They are enormous Washu!”
“AHAHAHA!”,Washu laughed.
Ryoko’s eyes glazed for a second then she shook
herself slightly.
“Washu…uh you mean Tenchi’s BIGGER now than when he
went in?”,Mihoshi asked not getting the point yet.
“You could say that.”,Washu said grinning.
They all suddenly heard Tenchi’s screaming through the
door.
“AAAAAHHH!Washu!Help!What did you to me! My feet don’t
touch the ground with these things!Its dark in here!”
IF it hadnt been for the quick mallet work of Ayeka
nothing would have stopped Ryoko from MASSAGING Tenchi
at that moment.
Sasami kept grinning and started to laugh with Washu.
Ayeka just freaked.
“Mrs.Washu!I demand you fix Tenchi back to normal
imediately!Whatever shall he do if he remains the way
you’ve left him!!!”
Washu grinned an evil grin and held out a little
plastic cup.
“BESIDES GIVE YOU AN ETERNAL SUPPLY OF SAMPLES IN ONE
SITTING WASHU!”Ayeka screamed.
“I don’t get it.”,Mihoshi said.
Washu just sighed and went back into her lab to REPAIR
Tenchi.
Sasami kept giggling and had a strong craving for
grape juice so she brought everyone glasses of it.

Two hours later…
Tenchi came out of Washu’s lab sore but intact finally
after what seemed to him like forever.  She’d had
Tenchi hooked up to all kinds of wires and machines
and kept asking Tenchi if he was sure he didn’t want
her to enlarge him again.  A scared yelp of no was
what Tenchi kept telling the diminutive scientist.
When he left though Washu had told him he wasn’t all
the way better yet and shed still have to figure out
how to fix something about him.  She’d given him a
bottle of tiny blue pills shaped like crabs and told
him to take one every hour till she had her equipment
ready.
It was getting about time for Tenchi to take one  so
he went into the kitchen where Sasami nearly had
dinner ready.
“Oh hi Tenchi!”,Sasami said,”Are you okay now?Ayeka
and Ryoko wanted to tell you they were sorry.”
“Yeah im fine now Sasami. I got to take some sorta
pill now until Washu can entirely heal me but other
than that im fine.  Ill tell Ryoko and Ayeka things
are alright when we start dinner.”,Tenchi said
standing in front of the table and taking his blue
pill with some water.
“Strange…”, Tenchi thought,” A few seconds after
swallowing his pill, “I feel all warm all of a
sudden.Kinda tingly and nice all at the same time.”
Sasami trotted in front of Tenchi to lay a bowl of
carrots in the floor for Ryo-ohki just as the effects
of the blue pill became apparent in a quick upswing of
Tenchi’s thing that caught Sasami under the chin and
pressed against her throat making her get back up
quickly and cough.
“cough!Ow..hey Tenchi what did you do that for I was
only giving Ryo-ohki dinner WHOA.”,Sasami said seeing
Tenchi standing looking shocked down at the 5 inch
bulge gouging in his pants.
“Eeek!”, Sasami squeaked.
“Oh gosh!”,Sasami thought to herself in shock, “Did I
cause THAT! Whoa…does this mean Tenchi’s gonna choose
me or something.Wow I feel thirsty all of a sudden.”
Sasami  opened the fridge without looking and began
chugging straight out of the jug of grape juice
staring at Tenchi.
Tenchi quickly turned blood red and turned around
trying to shove it down with no effect. It was like an
iron bar or something!
“Washu this is your doing I just know it!”,Tenchi’s
mind screamed in fear.
Just then Nobuyuki arrived for dinner.
“Hey Sasami something sure smells delicious what did
ya prepare for us today huh…WHOA!”,Nobuyuki said
startled seeing Tenchi’s bulging crotch and Sasami
speed gulping grape juice staring at Tenchi.
“Hey I didn’t know you had a lolita complex Tenchi?Oh
well! Get to it son! And don’t look so afraid Sasami I
hear it only hurts for a second with us Masaki’s.”
“DAD!!!Its not that! I don’t know what happened it
just popped up and nailed Sasami!”
Sasami took another gulp of grape juice.
“Huh? You already nailed her! Maybe that’s why her
throat seems so dry…OH Tenchi my boy you’re a man now!
Im so proud of you!”, Nobuyuki said with tears of joy.
“What?!No dad we havent done anything it just shot up
all of a sudden I cant explain it!”, Tenchi wailed
pointing  at the obtrusive member.
“Oh…oh I get it Tenchi you need someone to explain it
for you.You see Tenchi there comes a time in every
Masaki’s life where when they see a woman with a
really nice set of…”
“DAD!”
“Okay then a really tight looking…”
“DAD!!!!!!”
“OKAY Tenchi yeesh I get the point.  Something that
shoots the periscope up on the submarine.”
“WILL YOU SHUTUP DAD!”
The rest of the crew sounded like they were arriving
for dinner. Tenchi could hear Mihoshi going on
excitedly over how hungry she was while Ayeka and
Ryoko asked Washu if Tenchi was okay. Ryoko was asking
for pictures.
“oh no…”Tenchi said rushing to kneel under the table
where they might not see him.
His member stuck up over the side of the table  just
within noticeability.Tenchi could hear the girls about
to the door.He quickly jammed it under the side of the
table forcing a painfull bend in himself just as they
all arrived and nealed down on there cushions to start
dinner. Ryoko and Ayeka sat on either side of Tenchi
and Mihoshi sat across from him.
Washu and Sasami hadnt sat down yet, in fact Sasami
looked like something was happening to her similar to
Tenchi she couldn’t explain.
Sasami felt something moist and turned around to look
at herself and saw a tiny blood stain appearing
between her legs.
“Oh no!<gulp gulp chug chug>Washu im bleeding whats
happening?”,Sasami said in a barely audible whisper to
the small scientist.
“Huh?Bleeding?Oh hey your starting your period Sasami
congratulations!”,Washu said glancing between Sasami’s
legs at her stain.
“Hey did ya hear that everybody Sasami’s finally got
her rag!Shes an adult now!”,Ryoko said cheering
happily for the confused Sasami who glanced at Tenchi
took another few chugs of grape juice and increased
the staining of her thighs as Washu led her off to
take care of her.
“Wow!Sasami becomes a woman and my Tenchi becomes a
man!”,Nobuyuki said happily kneeling and fetching
himself some Ramen.
Ayeka looked at Nobuyuki over  his comment and Ryoko
took it as a compliment and smiled.
Tenchi was just trying to concentrate on keeping his
thing hidden under the table.He was beginning to shake
a little with it being bent at such painfull angle.
“Lord Tenchi are you alright”,Ayeka said looking over
at him”You look like somethings bothering you.”
“Uh erg no um nothings bothering me Ayeka.Thanks for
asking.”
“You know Tenchi if Ayeka hadnt interrupted us I could
have given you that massage.”,Ryoko whispered
teasingly.
Tenchi’s penis unbent a little under the table lifting
it slightly.
“Um that’s uh alright Ryoko I don’t think I need a
massage for uh anything.”,Tenchi said in discomfort.
Mihoshi was leaning all over the table grabbing up
foods .Tenchi REALLY wished she wore less revealing
tops right about then.
He unbent a little more.
Meanwhile in the girls bathroom Sasami just got done
dealing with her period and being explained about it
by Washu.
“Um thanks Washu.”,Sasami said shyly.
“Don’t mention it Sasami though for the life of me I
cant figure out why your period contained so MUCH
other vaginal fluids…”
Sasami kinda blushed and gulped the last of the grape
juice.
“uh well you see um…well Tenchi’s thing kinda hit me
in the throat when I was putting Ryo-ohkis bowl on the
floor and then I got my period Washu.”,Sasami said
embarassedly ,”He must really like me Washu.”
Washu kinda raised an eyebrow at this new information.
“Hmm so maybe that’s what triggered your period….oh
well.  I wouldn’t get to excited about Tenchi just yet
though Sasami I think he got hard like that because my
pills started taking effect.”
Sasami blinked.
“Pills?What Pills Washu what are they for?”
“Well when I had to un-enlarge Tenchi’s testicles
earlier I found Id kinda wore out all of his glands
capable of getting him the hormone testosterone.  SO I
just gave him a supplement to do him till I could
arrange a way to fix his testosterone glands.”
Sasami nodded dumbly.
“Uh…Washu….How strong did you make those
pills?”,Sasami asked beginning to worry.
Washu  looked up from her thoughts.
“Huh?Oh I dunno I figured about like triple Nobuyukis
testosterone output would be healthy for Tenchi.Maybe
even make him grow some facial hair.He seems to be a
bit slow in that area.”
Sasami started giggling and bleeding again.
Tenchi wasn’t giggling.He was shivering. Something was
touching his penis. Tenchi looked over at Ryoko.  For
once she seemed innocent. She was currently eating
riceballs. Confused and feeling an urgent need to stop
the tugging on his swollen member he looked around the
table for the culprit. Ayeka was pristinely eating
noodles,Mihoshi was leaning forward again for soy
sauce.Tenchi shivered slightly. Ryoko looked at him.
“Ya know Tenchi you are acting kinda weird are you
okay?”,Ryoko asked kinda worried.
Tenchi was getting URGENT signals from between his
legs.
He quickly glanced under the table needing to stop
what was going on before something happened!He blinked
in shock as he saw Ryo-ohki wave at him hanging from
his bulging penis.
“Meaw!”
“Ryo-Ohki!That’s not a carrot!leggo.leggo.”,Tenchi
hissed seriously to the confused cabbit.
Apparently when Ryo-ohki came in and saw no carrots in
her dish she must have thought that what she saw under
the table was a carrot in Tenchi’s pocket.
Ryoko looked over at Tenchi when he doubled over.
“Tenchi?Tenchi are you okay?”,Ryoko said putting her
arm around Tenchi as Ryo-Ohki jumped off.
Ryoko glanced under the table at Tenchi’s bulging
pants that quivered slightly when her arms went around
Tenchi’s shoulders.
Ryoko eyes shone and she smiled.
“Ryoko what are you doing?Get your arms off of
Tenchi!”,Ayeka said just noticing the activity to her
left, “Im sure after this morning Tenchi’s doesn’t
want YOU holding him.”
Ryoko chuckled.
“Boy are you wrong princess!”,Ryoko said pulling
Tenchi’s bulge out from under the table.
A couple of dishes clanked as the table dropped a few
inches to fully be grounded again. Some food got on
Mihoshi.
Ayeka just stared at the grinning Ryoko and the
shivering erect Tenchi.
“P-please let go of my penis Ryoko n-nows not a good
time.”,Tenchi stammered feeling some sort of warm rush
beginning in him.
Ayeka stood up angrily.
“You heard him Ryoko !Unhand Lord Tenchi!”
“Way to go son!”, Nobuyuki cheered.
“Hey could you watch it a noodle went down my shirt.”,
Mihoshi said digging in her top trying to get rid of
the noodle.
Ryoko released Tenchi’s penis and formed her energy
sword.Tenchi’s penis was getting REALLY stiff.His
pants were starting to rip.
“Hey Princess if Im any judge of Tenchi it looks like
hes HAPPY to be touched by me!”
“Shut up demon!”,Ayeka yelled.
A ripping noise could be heard in the kitchen and
everyone looked down.Tenchi had passed out on the
floor and his penis had gotten so stiff it ripped its
way out of his pants.Tenchi was still shivering
unconscious.
Ayeka turned deep red.And Ryokos eyes lit up.
“Got it!”,Mihoshi yelled tossing the noodle out of her
top.
It landed on Tenchi’s member which shook for a second
then started bubbling  semen all down Tenchi’s length
,over his pants and allover the floor.
Ayeka got a nosebleed and passed out.Ryoko just stared
and watched as Nobuyuki cheered and started taking
pictures. Mihoshi continued eating.
Washu and Sasami arrived and saw the scene.
Sasami blushed and covered her eyes with her hands
.She peeked through her fingers a little and REALLY
craved grape juice.
Washu ran over screaming to Tenchi.
“My final sample!You girls got it!I cant believe
it!”,Washu said fetching a glass and a spoon to
collect her sample.
“Im so proud of my Tenchi!!!!Hes a man now!”,Nobuyuki
cheered.
“Im so proud of my pill I gave him!”,Washu said.
“Pill?What do you mean pill Washu?”,Nobuyuki asked
confused.
Sasami walked over with her hands over her eyes to
Nobuyuki.
“She gave Tenchi a testosterone pill to take .That’s
why Tenchi’s in the floor and Washu has her
sample.”,Sasami said giggling.
“Hey is he going to be alright Mrs Washu?I really
wanna finish eating and hes worrying me.”,Mihoshi said
dumbly.
“No MRS!And yes he’s going to be more than fine!Ill
fix his hormones thanks to this sample to back the way
they were and find out some answers about how he can
summon light hawk wings too!”
“Waitasec…”,Nobuyuki said warily, “You mean Tenchi had
to take VIAGRA to be able to do that?At his age!”
“More like triple viagra but yeah that’s pretty much
the size of it Nobuyuki!”,Washu said scooping the last
of her sample into her glass.
“WHAT!Hmmph.Hes no Masaki…..”,Nobuyuki said mad.
“Hey mom”,Ryoko said nicely, “Um..you need any HELP
with that?”
Sasami giggled and started in on a fresh jug of grape
juice.

<the end of the first day of strange….>
send comments new ideas or cash to
laughingfuzzy11@yahoo.com