Disclaimer
Tenchi Muyo and all characters of Tenchi Muyo (i.e. Ryoko, Washu, Ayeka, . . .) are owned by
AIC and Pioneer. I do not own the right to them nor do I have their permission to use them. [So
don't tell them I did!] Chris Storm and Poe are a trademark of WWA-Web Wrestling Association-
wrestling and copyright of Jerrod Yance Darson. All ideas and extra characters are fully fictional
and not meant to be copied. If a character or idea is similar to one of yours e-mail me with a copy
from the story about the problem with a copy of your work. Don't sue me because all you will get
is my bills. I am a poor white writer that lives on bread and milk. It's sad but true. I don't make
money from this or e-feds and e-wrestling. Also to the makers of Scooby Doo's whatever it was
called movie, I used the idea of Louisiana and the swamps. Don't sue me either. In fact I don't
want anyone to sue me for anything I do. Just hit me in the stomach or something. That would be
better.


(Okayama, a small residential area outside the limits of Tokyo.  It's a small town and home to
seven very important people.  All living under the same roof, the Masaki home.  Great joy fills the
air as love blooms.  Today, the group is in the living room doing their own thing.  Ayeka, the
Royal Princess of Juria, is doing her sister, Sasami's hair.  Washu, the greatest genius in the
universe, is watching tv with Galaxy Police officer, Mihoshi and our beloved hero Tenchi Masaki.
Also in the room is the young couple Ryoko, the famous space criminal, and Chris Storm, who
has come to enjoy his new style of living.  Soon after, Nobuyuki, Tenchi's father, enters from
work as an architect.  He has a large smile on his face.)

Nobuyuki: Great news everyone.

Ayeka: You're expanding my room?. . .

Mihoshi: You're getting a bigger TV?. . .

Sasami: We are getting a playmate for Ryo-Ohki?. . .

Ryoko: You're moving out?. . .

Nobuyuki: Close.  I'm taking a vacation.

Tenchi: That is great news.  You are overworked as it is.

Chris: That and I'm getting pissed at your trying to video tape me and Ryoko every night.

Nobuyuki: *paying no attention to Chris' comment* That is not all of it.  It will be in America!
There is a convention and the company is spending me with all expenses paid.

Washu: America?  As in the United States of America?

Nobuyuki: The very same one.  I also begged and dealt my boss and finally won it to where you
all can go too.  I had to give up my paid vacation for the year and next, but it was worth it.

Ryoko: Admit it, you just didn't want us home alone because you knew we would knock the
house down.

Nobuyuki: That had something to do with it.

Sasami: You mean we all get to go to America?

Nobuyuki: Yes; Louisiana, U.S.A.  It's a convention of Southern style homes and plantations.  I
can't wait.

Ryoko: Where the hell is Louisiana?

Washu: I'm very glad you asked that Ryoko. . .

(Washu pulls out a capsule and throws it on the ground.  Seven desk appear.  Everyone takes a
seat.  Washu pulls down a chalkboard from sub-space.  A picture of Louisiana and America is on
it.)

Washu: Louisiana was bought from the French in the Louisiana Purchase.  The first to influence
Louisiana culture were the Bayougoulas and Houmes.  The culture itself is made up of many
different countries, making it one of the most unique states.  The capital is Baton Rouge.  The
cash crops include sugar and cotton.  The taste of Louisiana is crawfish and Cajun style cooking.
Louisiana is known for it's food and parties.  Too bad the same can not be said about their
education system and government.

Chris: Translation; their stupid and corrupt.

Washu: (threats to push a button) If I may finish, the major holiday is Mardi Gras.  Style of homes
include Creole Raised Cottage and Plantations.

Nobuyuki: Which is why I am going.  To study the style of homes.  We will spend one week in
New Orleans.  But better yet, the hotel we will stay in is a real life plantation.  This will be great.

Ryoko: All I heard was food and party.

(Washu pushes a button and a giant statue drops on Ryoko's head.  They others laugh but Washu
threatens to push another button.)

Sasami: I hope I can learn to cook Cajun food while I'm there.  That might be fun.

Washu: Crawfish is popular.  Shrimp is also a large market there.  Alligator is also enjoyed by the
locals.

Ayeka: You mean to tell me they eat alligator?

Washu: Along with a few other types of meat I don't even care to mention.

Chris: You stick meat in front of me and I'll eat it.  Don't care which animal it is or which part it
is.

Sasami: I must agree with that.  You are easy to please when it comes to food.

Ryoko: I can name a few other things that please Chris.

(Chris sinks down in his desk.  His face turns five shadows of red.  Washu threatens to push
another button, but Ryoko sits quietly.  Washu pushes it anyways and the desk disappears.
Everyone falls on their asses.  Nobuyuki stands up.)

Nobuyuki: Ok everyone, better start packing.  We have a long trip ahead of us.  Everyone be sure
to get a good night sleep too.

Chris: What am I going to do for training?  I mean one week of doing nothing.

Ryoko: Ugh. . . Come on Chris.  Think about it.  You, me on a romantic trip for a week.  I have a
feeling you will be kept busy.

Ayeka: Please Ryoko, can you go more then five minutes without thinking about sex?

Ryoko: That's what sleep is for.

Ayeka: I'm surprised you find the time to sleep!

Tenchi: Girls please, try not to fight right now.  We all have packing to do.

Ayeka: Tenchi, seeing as how Ryoko and Chris will be doing their own thing, why don't you walk
me around the countryside when we get there.

Ryoko: Hey now princess!  You can take a walk by yourself.  You're not three anymore.

Ayeka: What do you care what Tenchi and I do?

Ryoko: I. . . I just don't want you taking advantage of Tenchi.  That's all.

Chris: Ryoko.  Let's go and pack before you start burying yourself with your tongue.

(Chris walks to his room with Ryoko close behind him.  Ayeka turns to Tenchi, but he has already
walked off to pack.  With a deep sigh, Ayeka walks to their room to begin packing.)


