Disclaimer
Tenchi Muyo and all characters of Tenchi Muyo (i.e. Ryoko, Washu, Ayeka, . . .) are owned by
AIC and Pioneer. I do not own the right to them nor do I have their permission to use them. [So
don't tell them I did!] Chris Storm and Poe are a trademark of WWA-Web Wrestling Association-
wrestling and copyright of Jerrod Yance Darson. All ideas and extra characters are fully fictional
and not meant to be copied. If a character or idea is similar to one of yours e-mail me with a copy
from the story about the problem with a copy of your work. Don't sue me because all you will get
is my bills. I am a poor white writer that lives on bread and milk. It's sad but true. I don't make
money from this or e-feds and e-wrestling. Also to the makers of Scooby Doo's whatever it was
called movie, I used the idea of Louisiana and the swamps. Don't sue me either. In fact I don't
want anyone to sue me for anything I do. Just hit me in the stomach or something. That would be
better.

(Four of the young visitors have been split up.  The Saiyan, the space pirate, the little genius, and
our hero Tenchi.  Each has by some fate ended up lost in this foreign land.  But was it really fate
or was it part of one's master plan?  Right now, Washu is confused looking around for some type
of landmark to point her in the right direction.  She makes a turn around a tree and bumps into
Poe.)

Washu: Oh, Poe.  Thank goodness I bumped into you.  I'm lost.  Which way is it to the
plantation?

Poe: For the universe's greatest genius, you sure did make a stupid mistake.

Washu: *shocked* What did you just say?

Poe: Oh yes, I know you and your ego.

Washu: How, how do you know that!

Poe: I make it my business to know!  After all, you're the genius around here.  Why don't you
figure it out.  But then again there was always many things you didn't know.

Washu: Nonsense.  I'm Little Washu.  There is nothing I don't know.

Poe: Oh really?  Where is your child?

Washu: *hurt* That was wrong Poe.

Poe: Ha!  Some women you are.  You can not cut it as a genius so you super-size your ego into
making everyone believe you really are as smart as you want them to believe.  You can not cut it
as a mother.  You couldn't even cut it as an adult!  You are just a waste of breath!

Washu: Lies! There all lies!

Poe: It's the truth and you know it!  You have never been a success at anything you have ever
tried!  Even as we speak you are losing the only thing you ever considered your second child.

Washu: What?  What do you mean!

Poe: I mean, you are sitting by and watching as Chris takes away your second child, Ryoko.  And
all you can do it watch!  You are helpless to stop him.  He's going to take her away from you just
like your husband took away your first child.  You are unworthy to be a mother.

Washu: No!  No you're wrong.

(Washu starts to start deeply.  She sits down at the base of the tree crying.  Poe looks down on
her and spits next to her feet.)

Poe: Just sit there and cry.  That is all you have ever been good at!  You're so helpless, no wonder
no child ever stayed with you very long.  No wonder Kagato was easily able to imprison you and
take over everything you have ever done!

(In a fit of rage, Washu gets up and tries to slap Poe.  Poe merely moves out of the way and lets
Washu hit nothing but air.  He pushes her back down on the ground.  Washu starts to cry harder
now then before.)

Poe: You are all alone in this world.  You are an outsider to the group.  They don't even notice
you are there.  Your greatest fear will come true.  You are going to die alone, by yourself in your
lab and no one will even know or care.

(Poe walks away from Washu leaving her mentally damaged.  Washu can not even make the effort
to get up off the ground.  She just sits there doing nothing.  Her head buried in her knees and her
arms wrapped around her legs.  Miles away and lost himself, Chris makes twist after turn through
the maze.  Each wrong turn makes him more anger and anger.  Chris soon starts to rip through
the hedges rather then go around them.  He barrels through one and finds himself looking directly
at Poe.)

Chris: Poe, what are you doing here?  Ah who gives a care!  I need your help.  I started thinking
and not paying attention to where I was going and I sort of got lost.  Which way is it to the exit?

Poe: With all your power and you still can't find your way out of a simple maze?  I'm not
surprised to see you using force to get out.  Well here in my little maze, force only gets you
deeper and deeper into the maze.

Chris: Your maze?  What are you talking about?

Poe: Oh yes, I created this maze to get you lost in it.  After all, I promised two young love birds
that they would get the nest alone for the day.

Chris: No!  You are lying!

Poe: Am I?  Well Chris, my father had another saying, "Believe not what you hear and what you
see." So let me show you what I mean.  After all, Saiyans are not on the top when it comes to
understanding even simple things.

(Poe casts him hand forward at Chris.  Behind Chris appears a small window.)

Poe: Well what are you waiting for?  Look through that window to see the truth.  I need to warn
you though, this show isn't for people under 18.

(A confused and worried Chris turns around to look through the window.  Inside he can see his
room at the plantation.  Ryoko is laying in the bed under the covers.  Chris screams out to her.)

Poe: She can not hear you.  Nor would she even care if she could.  To me it looks like she's
waiting for someone.  You maybe?

Chris: Oh course she is.

Poe: Keep looking.

(Chris turns back to the window and sees someone enter the picture.  Once the person has
crawled into the bed with Ryoko, Chris can see who it is.  None other then Tenchi.  Chris grabs
with window, screaming at Ryoko.  Inside it, Tenchi has rolled over on Ryoko and they have
started passionately kissing.  Chris tries to punch the window but his hand goes through it.)

Poe: Now, now Chris.  If you keep acting like this, I won't let you hear what they are saying.

Chris: Tell me what they are saying right now!

Poe: Fine but just remember that you asked.

(Poe throws his hand toward the window and now Chris finds himself in the room with Ryoko
and Tenchi.  Poe walks behind him and pats him on the back.)

Poe: I think they make a very nice couple don't you?  I mean this is what you always wanted isn't
it?  Ryoko and Tenchi together at last!  Oh what a grand adventure this is!

Ryoko: Oh Tenchi, I'm so glad you had that idea to fool Chris into going into that maze.  He's so
stupid that he will be in there for days.

Tenchi: Yes, but why do we have to keep doing this?  Just dump him so we don't have to sneak
away to have this moments.

Ryoko: I would dump him but I feel so sorry for him.  After all, he has nothing but me.  He
doesn't have a life.  I pity him.

Tenchi: Yes we all pity Chris.  I guess that's why we let him stay with us.  We all felt sorry for
him.  The guy had no where to go, no one to go to, or a life to return too.  Course now we all
have to put up with him and his garbage.

Ryoko: Yes, he's brought so much pain to this house.  He's damn well near killed you, me, and
everyone else here.  He's a wrecking ball!  Tenchi please kick him out!

Poe: Ok that's a little bit more then I wanted you to hear.  Sorry there pal.

(Poe raises his hand and soon Chris and he, are back at the hedge maze.  Chris turns to Poe
pissed.)

Chris: I'm not your pal.  That was nothing more then some stupid parlor trick!  All lies you made
up.

Poe: Oh that hurts me to hear you say such words about someone that just showed you the truth
on your life.  Chris search your heart.  You know that everything you saw was true.  After all, you
said so yourself.  Why would Ryoko ever love someone like you.  You have been telling yourself
for weeks now that you cause the family so much grief.  You brought Genesis straight to them,
you nearly killed them yourself, my god man!  What more do you plan to do to this people!

(Chris falls to his knees.  He looks up at Poe.)

Chris: Why?  Why are you doing this to me?  What have I ever done to you?

Poe: Maybe next time you will reconsider killing someone's older brother!  Genesis was my role
model!  And you and your stupid group took him from me!

Chris: Genesis never had a brother.  I worked with him for years.  He never said anything about
you.

Poe: Ha! That just goes to show how stupid you are.  You think Genesis would be dumb enough
to let people know about his family.  That would only led to them getting into danger.  To bad
your stupid ass never learned that.

Chris: No. . . . No! . . . NO!

Poe: Everyone you care about is a target.  Everyone you love will die.  And it's all your fault.

Chris: I'll kill you Poe!

(Chris pulls out a Colt .45 automatic from his gun belt he always wears.  He points and shoots
Poe.  The bullet hits him straight in the forehead.  Poe's head recoils back on impact.  Chris starts
to laugh but soon stops once he sees Poe's head was undamaged from the shot.)

Poe: Like I said before, force can not stop me.  You are helpless to stop me from taking
everything from you.  Just like you always have been.  Training day and night for nothing.  All the
hours under extreme gravity was a waste of time.

(Chris gets up but Poe punches him in the gut with an uppercut type punch.  Chris falls to his
knees in pain.  Poe puts his foot in Chris' face and pushes him over to his side.  Chris looks on,
helpless as Poe walks away.  Chris just stays in a fetal position.)

Poe: Sorry to have to leave like this but I have other people I need to visit.

(Poe laughs as he disappears in the mist again.  Back at the bar, Ryoko has wondered outside.
She leans against one of the walls.  Poe approaches her.)

Poe: Sorry for taking so long, but I ran into Chris back at the plantation.  Weird, he didn't seem to
want to talk.  He keep motioning for me to leave.  Guess that waitress he was talking to must
have been telling him something important.  Although I don't remember seeing her working her
before.

Ryoko: Did you catch her name by any chance?

Poe: Oh no, I'm not ratting Chris out.  I can see I'm stumbled into something I wasn't supposed
to.

Ryoko: Poe, tell me what her name was right this very second.

(Ryoko grabs him by the collar and lifts him off the ground.)

Poe: Ok, ok I'll tell you.  But not because I was scared or anything.  But because I feel it is my
duty to.

Ryoko: Bullshit!  Not what was her name!

Poe: If you must know it was Keisho.  But I don't see why it matters.

Ryoko: You are lying!

Poe: Oh yes.  I guess some men just have a harder time learning lessons then others.

Ryoko: What are you talking about?

Poe: That seems to be the question of the day?  What do I mean?  Well let me tell you my little
space pirate.

(Ryoko is taken by surprise by Poe's knowledge of her being a space pirate.)

Poe: As you very well know this isn't Chris' first time with Keisho.  But I bet you dimes to nickels
you know what they did last time.  You just won't admit it.  But you can't disagree with what you
see.

(Poe cast his hand forward and the Louisiana back lands changes to Okayama.  More importantly,
the women's bath where weeks ago before Ryoko and Chris started dating, Chris was caught with
another women.  Ryoko walks around the bath room and turns to Poe.)

Ryoko: Why are you showing me this?

Poe: Because you need to accept the truth!  Now watch and see what really happened.  What you
know in the back of your head, what really happened!

(Soon Chris and Keisho enter the bath room.  They are laughing merrily and playing around.
Chris turns her around and kisses her softly, much like he kisses Ryoko.  The two slip off their
clothes and enter the bath.  They start kissing more passionately now.  Ryoko tries to hit Keisho
but only goes through her.)

Poe: Now, now Ryoko.  I can only bring you into the past.  I can not change it.  What's done is
done.  Now keep watching.

(Ryoko turns back to them.  Chris runs his hand down Keisho's body and into her lower area.
Ryoko can not see what is happening because it's under water but she well knows what is going
on.  Ryoko starts to cry as her heart breaks into a million pieces.  The bath room changes back to
the Louisiana swamps as Poe raises his hand again.)

Ryoko: You made that entire thing up.  Chris was just helping her wash her back.  He told me so!

Poe: And you believed him.  I guess it really is easy to believe something when you want to deny
the truth.  That is why you keep chasing Tenchi's heart isn't it?  You don't want to admit that he
has and always will love Ayeka.

Ryoko: Ha!  He doesn't love that little princess!  How can he?  When he could have had me.

Poe: Maybe your overbearingness is what drove him into her arms.  Then again it might be
because no man can love a pirate.  You think they want to get into a relationship with you?  You
seem like more trouble then you are worth.  Nothing but skin to them.  It's easy to understand
why you think about sex so much.  It's the only thing that keeps a man interested in you.

Ryoko: No! I'm more then just that.  Chris does love me for who I am.

Poe: Who are you?  Just who are you?  Some murderer?  A space pirate?  A criminal that is
doomed to rot away in a jail cell until you die!

Ryoko: No.  No.  That's not who I am.

Poe: They fear you Ryoko.  They are scared that you will kill them in their sleep.  Like a wild
beast ready to pounce on it's unexpecting victim.  That is why Chris has been getting out of bed at
night.  Or maybe he just can't stand the thought of being in the same bed as you.  Maybe he
loathes the things he does with you every single night.  And Tenchi can't even stand the thought
of your touch.

Ryoko: No. . . it's not true. . . it's just not true.

(Ryoko sinks down and starts to cry to herself.  Poe just looks at her.  He walks away leaving her
to cry.  He moves on to his next and final victim of mind games.  Meanwhile, Tenchi finally has
awoken from his sleep to discover the boat has gone past the pier he was supposed to get off at.
He's now miles down the river.  He rolls off the deck chair and looks around for a sign of life.  He
finds none until he enters the Captain's room.  There he finds Poe waiting for him.)

Tenchi: Oh Poe it's you.  Where is the captain at?

Poe: I'm the captain of this here boat laddy!  Now have yourself a sit because it's going to be a
long ride!

Tenchi: *scared* Ha, ha very funny Poe.  Now where is the captain.

Poe: Look at my hat.  It's the captain's hat.  Now shut up and go swap the poop deck or
something.  Your toothbrush and pale are over in the closet.

(Tenchi looks behind him to the closet Poe was pointing at.  He unsteadily opens it to reveal the
real captain dead from a stab to the forehead by a knife.  Tenchi backs up slowly in horror.)

Tenchi: What's going on here Poe?

Poe: What's going on?  I'll tell you what is going on.  It's called justice.  You see, you have this
grand life where everything has come easy to you.  Five beautiful women fall into your lap.  You
are a nature-born athlete that makes straight A's in school.  You are heir to the throne of a planet.
But are you happy?  No you complain about this, you complain about that.  "I don't get any
privacy.", "I want a normal life".  Well you was blessed with a great life where others here have
been born to a life of hell!

Tenchi: I never asked for any of those things to happen to me.  I was just an innocent bystander.

(Poe throws the captain's hat at Tenchi.  He turns to face him now.)

Poe: An innocent bystander?  Is that what you call it?  Tenchi you are a weak, pathetic boy.  You
are unworthy of the life you have led.   Too scared to hurt anyone's feelings but at the same time,
you hurt everyone around you.  You treat them like they are not there and that hurts them more
then anything.

Tenchi: It's the only thing I can think to do.  I don't want to hurt them by choosing among them.
It would only drive them apart.

Poe: I only hope it drives them away from you.  Without you, each would be leading the life they
were meant too.  They would all be better off without you.  They would have been better off not
even knowing you.  Ayeka and Sasami would be peacefully ruling over Juria right now.  Mihoshi
could be at Galaxy Police headquarters, enjoying her job.  Ryoko and Washu could both know a
life without pain.  Without hurt or anger or fear.

Tenchi: They all choose to stay with me.  I never asked them to.  It's not my fault.

Poe: It never is, is it?  Isn't not your fault the blood of Kagato and Genesis is on your hands is it?
You are a murderer Tenchi Masaki.  A cold blooded killer.

Tenchi: No, it's not true.  That was in self-defense.  I didn't want to do it.

Poe: More excuses from you, Tenchi?  When are you going to take responsibility for your
actions?

(As Poe continues to bash Tenchi with word after word, the boat crashes into the bank.  Poe and
Tenchi are sent out to the deck upon impact.  Tenchi jumps off the boat and starts running
through the woods.  Poe just stands on the boat as a proud victor in some deadly battle.  Four
people he poisoned with his tongue.  Each now making their way through the woods,
unbeknownst to each other that they are soon to meet.)

