Disclaimer
Tenchi Muyo and all characters of Tenchi Muyo (i.e. Ryoko, Washu, Ayeka, . . .) are owned by
AIC and Pioneer. I do not own the right to them nor do I have their permission to use them. [So
don't tell them I did!] Chris Storm and Poe are a trademark of WWA-Web Wrestling Association-
wrestling and copyright of Jerrod Yance Darson. All ideas and extra characters are fully fictional
and not meant to be copied. If a character or idea is similar to one of yours e-mail me with a copy
from the story about the problem with a copy of your work. Don't sue me because all you will get
is my bills. I am a poor white writer that lives on bread and milk. It's sad but true. I don't make
money from this or e-feds and e-wrestling. Also to the makers of Scooby Doo's whatever it was
called movie, I used the idea of Louisiana and the swamps. Don't sue me either. In fact I don't
want anyone to sue me for anything I do. Just hit me in the stomach or something. That would be
better.

(The day starts as the second day of the young traveler's vacation begins.  Unbeknownst to them,
however, their day has already been planned for them.  Tenchi walks out of his room, seemingly
refreshed from what was in lesser words, a torture to his ear drums from his father's constant
snoring.  He walks down to the dinning room to find the others already sitting down for a
breakfast prepared for them.  Tenchi sits down to find a new meal in front of him.  No longer the
noodles and soups with fresh vegetables and fruits, but rather toast, bacon, and eggs.  The gang
enjoys the breakfast none the less.  As they finish up, Nobuyuki walks into the dinning room.)

Nobuyuki: Well I'm off for the convention.  You guess enjoy yourself and be sure to stay out of
trouble.  I have $30 American dollars to give each of you.  Use them wisely because they will
have to last you until I can get some more money.

(The hotel manager overhears this and makes a suggestion.)

Hotel Manager: The river boats are quite fun for visitors.  Also, you could ask a local for more
ideas on how to spend the day.

Chris: Maybe Poe will know of something for us to do.  He seems to know about the area pretty
well.

Ryoko: I don't like that guy.  He gives me the creeps.  Something just isn't right about him.

(Chris spots Poe walking across to the door outside, and runs to catch him.)

Chris: Hey Poe, we was wondering if you knew of anything we could do today?  Since we are
new to the area, we don't know what there is to do around here.

Poe: Oh is it something you are looking to do?  Well Louisiana has many things to do.  There is a
walkway through the hedge maze that people enjoy.  The perfect thing for someone who wishes
to get away and be by themselves.

Ayeka: That sounds fun.  Tenchi why don't we take a walk through it.

(As Ryoko is about to stand up for Tenchi, she stops and looks over at Chris.  Chris is acting like
he didn't hear what Ayeka said.  She decides to just leave it be for now.)

Ryoko: Anything else for people to do around here?

Poe: One could always go out to the pier.  It's over near the swamps.  It's perfect for someone
that wants to learn more about Louisiana landscape and wildlife.  You will always see different
animals around there.

Washu: I think I will have to go and check out that.  Want to come with me Sasami?  You can
bring Ryo-Ohki and we can watch the animals.

Sasami: Oh I can't.  Me and Mihoshi was going to visit town with Ryo-Ohki and stop by the
different stores.

Ayeka: Shopping does sound fun.  I might just join you.

Poe: Oh, also, did I tell you about the romantic river boat rides?  The perfect thing to spark a
relationship, or add fire to one.

Ryoko: What do you say Chris?  Forget yesterday just for today and take the boat ride?

Chris: I want to check out the walkway through the maze first.  Maybe tomorrow though.

Ryoko: *hurt* Oh, ok then.  Tomorrow.  I guess I can find something else to do.

Tenchi: When does the next boat leave?  I'll ride one.

Hotel Manager: I'll get you a schedule.

Poe: Ryoko, why don't you come with me and check out this tavern not far from here.  I hate
going to places like that alone.

(Ryoko looks over to Chris, who stands like a statue.  Ryoko turns back to Poe and bites her lip
as if the words she was about to say hurt her more then anything else.)

Ryoko: I would love to.

Poe: Great, then sounds like everyone is set. {Dammit it!  I'll have to get at Mihoshi, Sasami, and
Ayeka later.} Well then, shall we leave Ryoko?

Ryoko: Let me just go get my stuff then I'll be right down.

(Ryoko heads back to her room.  Tenchi goes with the hotel manager to get the river boat
schedule, Washu starts out toward the pier.  All but Chris leave to go to town.  Poe turns to
Chris.)

Poe: I'll talk to her and see if I can't get her to open up to me.  I'm sure once I talk with her I'll
know where you stand.

Chris: Thanks man.  Just make sure she doesn't drink too much.  She can get pretty damn wild
when she's drunk.  I'm counting on you to bring her back safe.

Poe: Hey I have a girlfriend too.  I know how you feel.  You can trust me Chris.  Everything will
be just fine.

Ryoko: Ready.  Shall we go?

(Ryoko and Poe head out to the tavern.  Chris starts out to the maze.  In his mind he's going over
everything that has ever happened to him and Ryoko.  Soon he finds himself lost within the maze.
He looks around to find that with all of his thought, he's lost complete track of each twist and turn
he's made.  He flies up but the cypress trees and such prevent him from being able to get a good
lock on where he is.  He tries to sense the others but they are too separate and far for him to.
Miles away att the tavern, Poe gets up from the bar stool.)

Poe: Ryoko, I'll be right back.  I forgot something at the plantation.  Stay right here until I come
back?

Ryoko: I might walk around a little outside, but yeah, I'll stay around here.

Poe: *with an evil smile* Perfect.

(Poe heads out and walks into the mist of the swamp.  Down the river from where they are,
Tenchi is enjoying a peaceful ride on a river boat.  He looks around for someone else but sees the
entire deck empty.)

Tenchi: That's weird.  It's like I'm the only one of the ship.  Oh well, at least I don't have the
others fighting over everything and arguing about this and that.  I should enjoy what time of peace
I get.

(Tenchi lays down on a deck chair and nods off to sleep.  The river boat passes the pier where
Washu is.  She waves over to Tenchi, not noticing he was asleep.)

Washu: Maybe he didn't see me. *turning to an alligator that has just crawled on the shore near
her.* The is interesting.  I wonder where it's going.

(Washu starts to follow the alligator until it goes back into the water.  Washu stops in her tracks
and looks around.  She notices that she wasn't paying attention to where she was going.  She
turns around and starts walking back in the other direction.  After minutes of this, Washu notices
she's just getting more and more lost.)

Poe: Each of my three experiments are ready.  The are all alone and separated from the others.
Perfect for the picking.  Which one should go first?  Our unconfident friend that has trouble
expecting people's love?  Our confused and heart-broken women that can not come to terms with
the feelings she has for two different men?  The little genius that couldn't coup with adulthood?
Or maybe just the little dick that has life so easy but yet complains none the less.

(Poe lets out a maniac laugh as he walks through the swamps as if disappearing in the mist with
each step and reappearing farther down.  Evil plans running through his head.  Ideas on what he
has in store for each of the visitors from Okayama.)

