Disclaimer
Tenchi Muyo and all characters of Tenchi Muyo (i.e. Ryoko, Washu, Ayeka, . . .) are owned by
AIC and Pioneer. I do not own the right to them nor do I have their permission to use them. [So
don't tell them I did!] Chris Storm and Poe are a trademark of WWA-Web Wrestling Association-
wrestling and copyright of Jerrod Yance Darson. All ideas and extra characters are fully fictional
and not meant to be copied. If a character or idea is similar to one of yours e-mail me with a copy
from the story about the problem with a copy of your work. Don't sue me because all you will get
is my bills. I am a poor white writer that lives on bread and milk. It's sad but true. I don't make
money from this or e-feds and e-wrestling. Also to the makers of Scooby Doo's whatever it was
called movie, I used the idea of Louisiana and the swamps. Don't sue me either. In fact I don't
want anyone to sue me for anything I do. Just hit me in the stomach or something. That would be
better.

(Confused, scared, not knowing what is going on anymore.  Tenchi has ran through the Louisiana
back lands since jumping off the river boat that crashed onto the bank.  Only yards away from
him, Chris has finally made his way out of the maze he was trapped inside.  The two run, not
knowing which way they are going.  They both make a turn and crash into each other.)

Tenchi: Chris!  That goodness I found you.  It's. . .

Chris: Tenchi!  I'll kill you!

(Chris ejects his claws and jumps off the ground.  Tenchi, not knowing what is going on,
scrambles off the ground and makes a mad dash in the opposite direction.  Chris chases after him,
away just a few feet behind.  Tenchi looks over his shoulder to Chris and trips over a fallen log.
He would have hit the ground hard if it had not been for his falling on Washu instead.)

Washu: Tenchi?  What are you doing here?

(Chris runs up to them.  He draws his claws back in.  Washu sees him and gets up.  She slaps him
in the face.  Chris falls back a few steps but stays on his feet.  Behind him, Ryoko has now ran
into the gang.  She too sees Chris and processes to slap him across the face.  This time Chris does
fall to the ground.)

Chris: Why the hell is everyone slapping me for?  What the hell did I do know?

Washu: I won't let you take my daughter from me Chris!  She's all I have left and now you want
to take her from me.

Ryoko: You know damn well what you did Chris.  I can't believe I ever trusted you.  How could
you hurt me like that?

Chris: Me?  What about you?  I saw the truth.  I'm nothing more then a fool huh?  I brainless
monkey.  Well I don't want your pity anymore. *turns to Tenchi* And you Tenchi.  How could
you do this to me?  You where my only true friend I knew.  And you stabbed me in the back.  Did
you think I wouldn't find out?

Tenchi: Wait?  What the heck is everyone talking about?  Just what did I do Chris?

Chris: I know that you and Ryoko tricked me into going into that hedge maze so you two could
be alone.  I saw the truth with my own two eyes.

Ryoko: I haven't even been with Tenchi since we all left the plantation this morning.  Poe left me
at the bar to get something at the plantation.  That's when he saw you with that slut waitress
again!

Chris: Waitress?  What are you talking about?  I've been lost in the hedges all day.

Washu: That's weird.  I was lost too day.

Tenchi: Me too.  I feel asleep on the boat and missed my dock.  The boat sailed down river and
soon I didn't know where I was.

Washu: So each of us went our separate ways today and each got lost.  Did anyone else run into
Poe while they were trying to find their way around?

Chris: Yes, he's not what he seems.  I ran into him in the center of the maze.

Ryoko: He found me miles away from the bar.

Tenchi: He was the captain of the boat.  He killed the real captain and shoved him in the closet.
He also knows the truth about each one of us.  But how?

Chris: I think I know that one.  He said he was Genesis' little brother.  I guess he's just getting
revenge against us.

Ryoko: So lets just go find him and kick the crap out of him for messing with our feelings like
that.

Washu: I don't think it will be that simple.  I mean, how do you fight someone that can change
reality?  Someone that knows each of our darkest fears and uses them against us?

Chris: Force doesn't work.  I've already tried that.  He left me laying on the ground with just one
punch.  The guy has some serious power for such a small guy.

Tenchi: Washu, you and Ryoko go back to the plantation and find the others.  They still don't
know about Poe.

Washu: And what will you and Chris do?

Chris: We will find Poe and see if we can't stop him.

Ryoko: Oh I see, the big strong men get to go save the day and leave the helpless women behind.
I want a piece of Poe too.

Tenchi: Ryoko, I'm just thinking that if me and Chris fail, then the rest of you can leave.  I would
much rather you get the others safe then fight.  I don't like this any more then you do.

(Chris puts his hand on Ryoko's shoulder.  She looks at him and puts her hand over his.)

Ryoko: Chris, I'm sorry for hitting you before.  I don't know why I believed Poe in the first place.
Can you ever forgive me?

Chris: I was a victim of his trickery too.  He had me believing you was just using me.  Lets just
forget about this whole thing and move on.

(Ryoko nods and her and Washu head out toward the plantation.  Tenchi and Chris on the other
hand, walk out deeper into the swamps calling out for Poe.  Neither is sure of just what they will
do when they find him.  They walk a good distance before they find Ryoko leaning against a tree.
Blood is on her cloths.  Chris and Tenchi run up to her.)

Tenchi: What happened?  Where is Washu?

Ryoko: It was horrible!  Poe, he jumped us.  When you was 20 feet away, he attacked.  He knew
you would send us to get the others.  He knew it!

Chris: Ryoko where is Washu?  What happened to her?

Ryoko: Don't you get it?  Washu is dead!  He killed her right before my eyes!

Tenchi: Which way did he go?

(Ryoko starts crying and points in a direction.  Chris and Tenchi run in the direction.  Ryoko
pushes off against the tree and starts laughing mad.  Chris and Tenchi turn back around to see Poe
standing where Ryoko was.  Poe charges at them both and nails them with forearm shots that
send them both to the ground.)

Poe: Don't you get it?  You can't beat me.  I control everything you see.  You are in my world
now.  I created this little southern bit of home.  Now you won't ever escape.  After all, I haven't
finished my "final project" yet.

Tenchi: What are you talking about?  What final project?

Poe: Why just what happens to people's minds when they snap?  It's the ultimate study of the
human brain.  Here we have one of the last remaining Saiyans, the young heir to th throne of
Juria, the greatest genius in the universe, the princesses of Juria, the space pirate, and an elite
Galaxy Police officer.

Chris: Well I won't call Mihoshi one of the elite, I mean she is kind of out there at times.

Poe: Silence!  Up to know, I have just been hitting the ground dirt.  Soon I will dig deep into your
deepest fears.  I will make each of you run your own personal hell!

Chris: I won't let you!

(Chris charges Poe but what was Poe changed into a brick wall.  Chris goes barreling at it full
speed unable to stop until he smashed right into it.  The brick wall cracks and breaks into pieces.
Chris lays on the ground, his face bloody from smashing into it.  He gets up slowly.  Poe stands
behind him laughing.)

Chris: Think that's funny?  Next time it will be you.

Poe: Oh my Chris, like I said before, Force won't work.  I control everything here.  Nothing is
without my grasp.

Tenchi: You're wrong.  This is just some fake reality you created.  We was tricked here by you.

Poe: Well oh course.  You really think some big time business would even care to send each of
you two America?  Get real.  This isn't some tv show where everything works out in the end.  I
admit this reality is fake, but that doesn't deny the fact that all of you are trapped here.

Chris: I hate you.  I hate you so very much.  I just want to smash your face into the ground and
spit on it.  I really do.

Poe: Ah, and I was just beginning to like you.  You know even us mad villain have feelings too.
And you hurt mine.  For that you must pay.

(Chris stands up to find himself stuck in the ground.  He's feet are a foot deep each.  Chris tries to
pull his feet out but it's worthless.  Tenchi motions to try to help but Poe stops him.)

Poe: I wouldn't do that if I was you.  You will have to pay the price if you help him.  Chris will be
free soon.  That is unless he's legs don't die from suffocation first.  Now right now, it not the right
time for our epic battle to occur.  This little game of minds is still on.  Now go build a little team
strategy with your other players.  I'll be waiting for you at the maze.

(Poe exits as Chris' feet are finally free.  Tenchi helps him pull them out of the ground.  They look
around to see trees falling and the land being striped away, making a clearing straight to the
plantation.  Chris and Tenchi run as fast as they can to it.  What does Poe have in store for them?
This battle doesn't seem to be one that the good guys can win.  Trapped in a reality created by a
mad man that only wishes to use them as test subjects.)

