Disclaimer
Tenchi Muyo and all characters of Tenchi Muyo (i.e. Ryoko, Washu, Ayeka, . . .) are owned by
AIC and Pioneer. I do not own the right to them nor do I have their permission to use them. [So
don't tell them I did!] Chris Storm and Poe are a trademark of WWA-Web Wrestling Association-
wrestling and copyright of Jerrod Yance Darson. All ideas and extra characters are fully fictional
and not meant to be copied. If a character or idea is similar to one of yours e-mail me with a copy
from the story about the problem with a copy of your work. Don't sue me because all you will get
is my bills. I am a poor white writer that lives on bread and milk. It's sad but true. I don't make
money from this or e-feds and e-wrestling. Also to the makers of Scooby Doo's whatever it was
called movie, I used the idea of Louisiana and the swamps. Don't sue me either. In fact I don't
want anyone to sue me for anything I do. Just hit me in the stomach or something. That would be
better.

(The night air is heavy in the southern swamp lands.  At this moment at night, the Saiyan
ex-gunman, is tossing and turning in his sleep.  He awakes in a deep sweat.  He sits up in the bed
and looks over at Ryoko.)

Chris: {She looks like an angel in her sleep.  I'm confused.  So confused.  My heart is telling my
lay next to her forever, but my head is telling me to leave.  I don't know what to do anymore.}

(Chris rolls out of bed and walks for the door.  In the doorway he looks back at Ryoko in the bed.
With a deep sigh, he heads out to take a walk.  This is the second week he's had trouble sleeping.
Ever sense he and Ryoko have been openly together, he hasn't been able to get a decent night's
rest.  Chris walks down the steps and heads to the lounge.  He takes a seat on a couch near the
fireplace.)

Chris: I don't know what I should do anymore.  How can someone like her possibly want to be
with someone like me.  I'm a dirty, uncivilized monkey.

Voice: I'll take a stab at this but, you were abandoned as a child wasn't you?  A loner that stays in
the shadows during the day?

Chris: Huh?

Voice: Sorry, but I overheard you talking.  I'm quite curious to hear your story.

Chris: Then wait until the book comes out.

Voice: I guess you don't care to talk to anyone then.  Ok then just answer my question.  Was you
abandoned as a child or not?

Chris: If I answer it will you leave? *not waiting for an answer* Fine then, I didn't have parents
when I was a child.  Yes, I an a loner.  Yes, I do hide in the shadows during the day.

Voice: Now you have someone you love and you can't understand why they would ever love you
back.  I take it you mean then fiery women I talked to earlier.  I think we got off on the wrong
foot.  Let me introduce myself.  The name is Poe.

Chris: Storm.  Guess I was a little hard on you Poe.

Poe: Yes, well I can understand how you might not want someone's help with your problems.  It's
man's nature to refuse help.  One of it's downfalls.  So what brings you here?

Chris: Vacation.  And yourself?

Poe: I study the mind.  Sociology and Psychology.  I'm hear because I was tipped off on special
cases in the area.

Chris: You sound like someone I know.

Poe: Should I be insulted or proud?

Chris: A little of both.  Have a seat and I'll share my woes with you.

(The smallish man takes a seat opposite from Storm.  He strokes his goatee and looks into the fire
as if he's studying what makes it burn.)

Chris: Something in the fire?

Poe: I am just admiring it.  The fire burns a beautiful flame but at the same time, that flame is
destroying everything it touches.

Chris: Sounds like me.

Poe: Oh?  That sounds rather negative.  Is it because you feel you have brought pain to those
around you?  That the things that have been happening to them have been happening because of
you?   Is it because you know you will have to leave and when you do, you will only hurt those
that care for you?  Maybe that is why you wish not to get close to them.

Chris: You talk too much.  But I can see what you mean.  All of it is true thus far.  I just don't
want to hurt them when I leave.  Mainly I don't want to hurt Ryoko.  I just wish there was a way I
could leave without hurting them.  Then I could take off.

Poe: Maybe there is.  You have no doubt trying to just up and leave.

Chris: Yes, they caught me and I was right back where I started.

Poe: Well there is more then one way for the baby to leave the mother's nest.  You could try
jumping out of the nest, . . . or you could try flying away.

Chris: Huh?  What do you mean?

Poe: I'll see you later my confused friend.

Chris: Wait, what did you mean by "flying away"?

(Poe gets up and walks off.  Chris gets up but sees Ryoko walks down the stairs.  He turns his
back to her and faces the fireplace.  He looks at the burning flame consume the wood.)

Ryoko: Chris, what is the matter?  I woke up and saw you wasn't in the bed.  Is something on
your mind?

Chris: I just needed to do some thinking.

Ryoko: Did it help any?

Chris: No, it didn't.

Ryoko: Chris, *she walks up to him and puts her arm around his back, his back is still to her.* if
there is ever anything you need to talk about, I will be right here for you.  I'm not just with you
for the sex you know.  Although, that is one of the perks of this relationship.

Chris: *turns to face her* I know Ryoko.  I know.  It's just some things I feel I can't share with
you.  Something I need to deal with myself.

(Chris starts to walk back to their room.  Ryoko turns and looks at the fireplace.  Chris turns back
to see her sitting down on the ground near it.  He walks back and sits next to her.)

Ryoko: The fireplace is romantic.  The fire is like two lovers dancing.  Engulfed in each other.

Chris: I see the flame as a beautiful thing, killing all things around it slowly.  It used the wood to
grow and once it outgrew it, it became no more of a use to it.

Ryoko: That's rather depressing.  I don't see how you can see that.  You're not like that anymore.
You are a caring person who protects the things he loves from the thing trying to destroy it.

Chris: Ryoko, as much as you don't want to admit it, I am still like that.  I just hide it deep in the
recesses of my mind.  I can't change who I am.  I will always be Chris Storm.  I will always be the
guy sent to kill Tenchi Masaki.  The Chris Storm that destroyed all life on many planets without
giving a second thought or as much as a care about what I was doing.

Ryoko: *crying softly* Stop talking like that.  You are not that person anymore.  You HAVE
changed.  You've changed me too.

(Chris holds Ryoko into his chest.  She softly cries into his chest.  He rubs her head and back of
her neck, comforting her.)

Chris: Come on now, where is that tough and sexy space pirate that enjoys raiding Saiyan towns
and making the young Saiyan men her personal boy toys?

Ryoko: *laughing* Oh she's right here.  And if you know what's good for you, you'll go to your
room and wait for me.

Chris: There we go.  That's the Ryoko I like to see.  I'll be waiting for you in our room.

(Chris gets up and walks to their room.  Ryoko looks back at the fire and gets up.  She walks to
their room.  The night hour soon strikes as the others rest quietly in their room.  All expect for
two of course.)

