Disclaimer
Tenchi Muyo and all characters of Tenchi Muyo (i.e. Ryoko, Washu, Ayeka, . . .) are owned by
AIC and Pioneer. I do not own the right to them nor do I have their permission to use them. [So
don't tell them I did!] Chris Storm and Poe are a trademark of WWA-Web Wrestling Association-
wrestling and copyright of Jerrod Yance Darson. All ideas and extra characters are fully fictional
and not meant to be copied. If a character or idea is similar to one of yours e-mail me with a copy
from the story about the problem with a copy of your work. Don't sue me because all you will get
is my bills. I am a poor white writer that lives on bread and milk. It's sad but true. I don't make
money from this or e-feds and e-wrestling. Also to the makers of Scooby Doo's whatever it was
called movie, I used the idea of Louisiana and the swamps. Don't sue me either. In fact I don't
want anyone to sue me for anything I do. Just hit me in the stomach or something. That would be
better.

(The next day, the house is in an uproar.  Everyone is running about, packing this and putting
away that.  Katsuhito, Tenchi's wise grandfather and caretaker of the Masaki shrine, enters the
house.  He looks around at the mass confusion and pulls out a whistle.  With one quick blow, he
has the entire house still.)

Katsuhito: You have two hours to get to the airport to make your flight.  It will take you at least
an hour and thirty minutes to get to the airport.  Is everyone ready?

Tenchi: We are all packed and ready.  All expect. . .

Katsuhito: Mihoshi and Ryoko right?

Tenchi: Yes sir.  Mihoshi is still in her room and I haven't seen Ryoko this morning.

Chris: Last I saw her, she headed out of my room and I haven't seen her since.

Katsuhito: What was she doing in your room?

Chris: I think you're a little too young to hear about "the birds and the bees" right now.

(The others start to take their stuff out to the car when Mihoshi comes falling down the stairs with
a heavy suitcase.  As she crashes, the suitcase breaks open.  Ryoko appears over her laughing.)

Katsuhito: (helping Mihoshi up) Are you ready Ryoko?

Ryoko: I'm set.

Tenchi: Great.  Where is your bags?  We are loading everything.

Ryoko: Ok

(Ryoko pulls out a small, black bag out of her pocket.  She takes out a tiny red piece of cloth out
of it, then puts it back in.)

Chris: What's that?

Ryoko: That's my nightgown.

Chris: Where's the rest of it?

Ryoko: That was all of it.

(Chris' face turns red.  Ryoko leans into him and puts her arms around his neck.  She gives him a
playful kiss on the cheek and vanishes outside.  The rest of the guys follow and soon they load up
and are on their way.)

[7 Hours later]

(The gangs plane makes a gentle touchdown at the airport.  They leave out and check out their
rented car.  Soon they start their drive to the plantation.  Along the way, the rich scenery of
cotton fields past by.  They enter South Louisiana and finds the scenery changes.  Gone are the
fields of cotton and replaced are swamps in dark shadows.)

Sasami: I don't like this place.  It's dark and scarey.

Ayeka: Nobuyuki, are you sure we are still in Louisiana?

Nobuyuki: Yes I'm sure.  We just entered the southern part of the state.

Washu: The difference in scenery between parts of the state is what makes Louisiana such a
unique state.

(They turn onto a bumpy dirt road and soon find themselves in a beautiful dixie style setting.
Cypress trees holding moss high in the air and the plantation sits peacefully upon a small hill. They
pull up and unload the van.  As they enter the two story, white plantation, they find the inside is
just as beautiful as the outside.)

Hotel manager: I can tell that you must be Mr. Nobuyuki.  Your rooms are ready.  Two just like
you asked.

Nobuyuki: Sorry guys, it was all the firm would get me.

Ryoko: Oh Chris, isn't this just romantic?

(She looks over to Chris, his face is stone.  He takes a step back away from the group.)

Ryoko: Chris, what's the matter?  Something have you spooked?

Chris: I feel something.  It's making me uneasy.  I can't seem to track it's exact location or tell just
what it is.  I know one thing though, it's close.

(Chris backs up more and bumps into something.  He turns around to see the bell boy.)

Bell boy: Here, I'll take your bags and show you to your rooms.

Chris: Hold up, I want to do something first.

(Chris walks up to the counter and approaches the hotel manager.)

Hotel manager: And what can I do for you?

Chris: I'd like to rent a room.

Hotel manager: And how long do you plan to be staying?

Chris: One week.  Make sure the room has a fireplace too. * whispering to him* Something
romantic.

(Chris indicates Ryoko.  The manager smiles and looks in his books.)

Manager: I see. . .well you are in luck.  The suite is open.  Want to decision price right now?

Chris: Maybe later.

Manager: Ok then, *retrieving the key* here you go.  Enjoy yourself.

(Chris goes back to the others.  He whispers something to Ryoko and shows the bell boy the key.
The group walks to the halls where the rooms are.)

Nobuyuki: Ok I have two rooms.  So what is the living arrangement?

Mihoshi: Two rooms for eight people seems rather cramped.

Chris: Um, Mihoshi, it's two rooms for six people.  Ryoko and I have our own room.

Ayeka: So why not have me, Sasami, and Tenchi in a room and Mihoshi, Washu, and Nobuyuki in
another.

Ryoko: I don't think so princess.  You're not bunking with Tenchi.

Ayeka: Oh?  Then what?  He stays with you and Chris?  I'm not sure if he'll be able to sleep over
the sound of you and Chris.

Chris: *stepping in* Ryoko why don't we leave them to solve this.  Me and you are already taken
care of.

Ryoko: Yes but Chris you see. . .

Ayeka: Ryoko, you seem rather protective of Tenchi.  For friends anyways.  Is there something
you still haven't dealt with?

Tenchi: That's enough from both of you.  I will room with dad.  Washu, Mihoshi, Sasami, and
Ayeka can share a room.

Washu: I agree.  I don't trust Nobuyuki with bunking with any women.

Ryoko/Ayeka: Good point.

(Ryoko smiles with please that Tenchi is "saved" from Ayeka.  She turns to Chris, but is greeted
by only air.  Chris is already walking off to the room without her.  The smile quickly fades.
Everyone goes to their rooms.  Ryoko walks the hall to think.)

Ryoko: <Dammit!  What is Chris' problem?  It's not like I'm still after Tenchi for myself.  I'm just
making sure Ayeka doesn't get him.  Although. . . >

Voice: Ah yes, the sight of a women in thought.  That sight can mean many different things.  You
do know that thinking too much gives you gray hair.

(Ryoko turns around to see a smallish sized man.  He's sitting on a love seat in the hallway.
Ryoko turns her back to him.)

Ryoko: What's it to you?  So I want to think.

Voice: Yes but about what?  Your love for two different men?

Ryoko: That's none of your damn business!

Voice: Sorry if I have offended you.  Only meaning to help.  They say that talking to someone
helps you feel better.

Ryoko: I'd rather leave.

Voice: Fine but think about this as you leave, can you love both without drawing either away
from you?  Image what your life would be like if you lost both of them.  If you was all alone
again.  In the coldness of space.

Ryoko: *shivering*   I'm going to my room now.  Good night sir!

(The man watches leave and laughs to himself.  He gets up and walks down the stairs and out of
sight.)

