Disclaimer
Tenchi Muyo and all characters of Tenchi Muyo (i.e. Ryoko, Washu, Ayeka, . . .) are owned by
AIC and Pioneer. I do not own the right to them nor do I have their permission to use them. [So
don't tell them I did!] Chris Storm and Poe are a trademark of WWA-Web Wrestling Association-
wrestling and copyright of Jerrod Yance Darson. All ideas and extra characters are fully fictional
and not meant to be copied. If a character or idea is similar to one of yours e-mail me with a copy
from the story about the problem with a copy of your work. Don't sue me because all you will get
is my bills. I am a poor white writer that lives on bread and milk. It's sad but true. I don't make
money from this or e-feds and e-wrestling. Also to the makers of Scooby Doo's whatever it was
called movie, I used the idea of Louisiana and the swamps. Don't sue me either. In fact I don't
want anyone to sue me for anything I do. Just hit me in the stomach or something. That would be
better.

(The gang gathers at the plantation to discus what will be their plan for the battle against the
deranged Poe.   Sasami, Ayeka, and Mihoshi along with Nobuyuki are now with them.  The group
sits at a giant round table created for them by Poe.  Grim looks on each of their faces.)

Tenchi: We are walking into an unfair battle.  Force doesn't work against him as Chris has shown
multiple times.  We don't know anything about him but he knows everything about us.  I'm afraid
I don't know how we can beat him.

Chris: Washu, you think you can pull some information on him with your laptop?  I saw you pack
it when we was leaving.

Washu: Already tried.  The laptop melted in my hands.  Guess Poe decides that is cheating.

Ayeka: So what are we suppose to do?  Maybe if we just go along with his little test he will let us
all go.

Chris: He plans to drive us all crazy using our deepest fears and worries.  I highly doubt going
along with him is a good idea.

Ayeka: Sorry I was just thinking of an idea.  Maybe you should try to think of something before
you throw out anyone else's ideas.

Ryoko: Don't talk to Chris that way little princess!  I'm not in the mood for your attitude right
now.

Tenchi: Quiet!  Look as much as we hate it, there is only one thing to do here.  We have to go
through the maze and face him.  Just remember that everything here is fake.  Nothing can hurt you
but Poe and your own emotions.

Washu: That's easier said then done.  I couldn't even move after last time.  Poe had me so scared.
It was something I never thought would happen.  Everything he said seemed so real because deep
down I thought it was real.

Chris: I don't like it anymore then Tenchi, but I agree with him.  That is why I volunteer to lead
the way.  If anything tries to stop us, I'll take it on personally.  The way I see it, Tenchi, you,
Ryoko, Ayeka, and Mihoshi are our best hope to beat him.  I'll guard you until you get there.

Sasami: What about me and Washu?  And Nobuyuki?  What are we going to do?

Tenchi: Poe made us this safe house.  You three should stay here.  If anything happens to us and
we can not beat Poe, then maybe he will be weak enough to where you guys can finish him off.
But not until you know for sure we lost.

Washu: Ok.  But be careful.  Poe controls everything here.  It seems nothing is out of his power.

(Tenchi and the others head out, leaving Washu, Sasami, and Nobuyuki alone.  Another clearing
is created guiding them straight to the maze.)

Ayeka: I guess he go this way.

Tenchi: There is no turning back now.  Any regrets?

(No one says anything.  They all just walk.  Each's nerves are on the end, ready to snap.  Every
sound., every motion makes them even more uneasy.  They soon reach the gate of the maze.
Withered vines wrap around the gate and pull it open.  The gang looks at each other.)

Poe's Voice: This is the finally battle ground.  Only Tenchi will be able to make it to the final.  The
rest of you will have your own personally battle to fight inside.  Now enter my maze and see if
you can make it past my traps to receiver the honor of facing me in combat.

Chris: Ha!  Like he thinks we would really let Tenchi do this by himself.  Let's go.

(They start inside the maze but the background changes.  In replacement is a swampy graveyard.
The group looks around, not knowing what to expect.  The ground begins to shake as the grave
sites rip open releasing the dead from their sleep.)

Tenchi: Remember they are not real.  It's just another one of Poe's tricks.

(One of the undead punches Chris and knows him into the wall.  Chris holds his jaw and looks at
Tenchi.)

Chris: Felt pretty damn real to me.  I guess this is my stop.  You guys go on ahead and I'll hold
them back.  I brought a gift for them.

(The others start into the maze.  They look back at Chris to see him slug the monster that hit him
away from him.  Chris smiles and pulls out his Colt again.  He unloads rounds into the monsters.
They just fall down and get right back up.  Chris yells out and charges into the center of them all.
He starts fighting each one of them at the same time.  The others run deep into the maze.)

Ryoko: If I didn't know any better, I would say that was a cry of joy.

Ayeka: If I know Chris, then that was.  Let him fight them.  We need to get Tenchi to the center.

Mihoshi: Right!  No matter what!

(They follow through the maze, making each twist and turn.  They run into a dead end.  They stop
to turn around.)

Tenchi: Do you hear something?

Mihoshi: Sounds like the walls are moving.

(Ryoko touches one of the vines that hangs from the walls.  Soon thorny vines start to wrap
around the gang.  They limbs start to get cut from the thorns.  Ryoko creates her energy blade
and cuts away at them.  She cuts the others free.)

Ryoko: I'll handle this.  You guys go.

(Ryoko motions for them to leave.  One of the vines wraps around her foot and pulls her into the
thick of wines almost as if she went into the wall itself.  Cries of battle echo out.  Tenchi
approaches the wall but Ayeka and Mihoshi grab him and run deeper into the maze.  They run
along until the walls themselves seem to be getting smaller.  They stop to look.)

Ayeka: Are the walls getting smaller?  If this keeps up, we wouldn't be able to fit into them
anymore?

Tenchi: Maybe we took a wrong turn?

(They start to head back but the walls start closing in on them.  Ayeka quickly creates her force
field around them to protect them from being crushed.  Mihoshi fires a hole in one of the walls.
They run through it.)

Tenchi: Come on Ayeka!  There isn't much time left.

Ayeka: You come on, I'll hold the field so you can make it.

(Tenchi goes to grab Ayeka, but Mihoshi pulls him through the hole before he can.  He looks
back through the hole to see Ayeka gone.  He and Mihoshi start on to the center.  They make a
turn around a bend and find nothing.  Nothing but empty blackness.  They turn around to see the
way they just came from gone now too.  Only blackness.)

Tenchi: I think we found the center.

Mihoshi: But when were was my stop?

Poe's Voice: Now!

(A giant gush of wind blows through the emptiness and sends Mihoshi flying away.  Tenchi finds
himself unmoved from the wind.  He looks around to see that just he and Poe remain.  They now
stand in the center of a giant free-floating platform.  Blackness surrounding them.)

Poe: It's a long fall down Tenchi.  You might want to keep that in mind.  I'm so glad you made it
to my little battle field.  It's a shame none of the others could make it to see this grand battle.
They sacrificed themselves so you could make it here and die!  What a lost of life.  I guess I will
have to roam the galaxy looking for new test subjects.  And I had such high hopes for you.

Tenchi: You're lying!  The others aren't dead.  It's another one of your tricks.

Poe: Oh is it?  Then why don't you defeat me and go recover their dead bodies.  In this reality, I
have no control over the elements.  It is an equal battle.  You can now once again use your
Lighthawk Wings.

Tenchi: How do I know you are telling the truth?

Poe: That's the fun part.  You don't!

(Poe charges Tenchi and lays him out with a shot to the side of the head.  Tenchi rolls on the
ground and almost falls off the edge.)

Poe: Careful now, I don't want the battle to end this soon.  I've haven't begun to have fun!

Tenchi: You want fun?  I'll give you fun.

(Tenchi powers up his Lighthawk Wings.  One for armor, one for a wrist shield, and one for a
sword.  Poe laughs and powers up too.  Tenchi nearly falls back on amazement at the sight of Poe
creating Lighthawk Wings too.)

Tenchi: How did you do that?  Only Juria's can create the Lighthawk Wings!

Poe: So they are fakes.  So sue me.  They hurt just as much as the real ones!

(Poe and Tenchi clash swords and start to try to exchange blows.  Each blocks the other's attack.
Poe slams his sword into Tenchi's and pushes off.  They both jump back leaving 10 feet between
them.  Tenchi and Poe rush each other and slice at the same time.  Poe going low and Tenchi
going high.  They stand opposite each other now with their backs facing each other.  Poe starts to
laugh as Tenchi falls to his knees.  Tenchi holds his ribs as blood runs between his fingers. Tenchi
looks back at Poe, who still stands tall.  But that only last a minute, as Poe falls too.  Blood runs
from his chest.  He looks at Tenchi.)

Poe: Well done.  You are the victor.  Now claim your prize.

(Poe falls flat on his face.  The entire platform starts to shake as the blackness cracks and breaks.
Tenchi looks up at the sun's rays shining on him before he too falls to his face.  He passes out
from blood lost.)

