Disclaimer
Tenchi Muyo and all characters of Tenchi Muyo (i.e. Ryoko, Washu, Ayeka, . . .) are owned by
AIC and Pioneer. I do not own the right to them nor do I have their permission to use them. [So
don't tell them I did!] Chris Storm and Poe are a trademark of WWA-Web Wrestling Association-
wrestling and copyright of Jerrod Yance Darson. All ideas and extra characters are fully fictional
and not meant to be copied. If a character or idea is similar to one of yours e-mail me with a copy
from the story about the problem with a copy of your work. Don't sue me because all you will get
is my bills. I am a poor white writer that lives on bread and milk. It's sad but true. I don't make
money from this or e-feds and e-wrestling. Also to the makers of Scooby Doo's whatever it was
called movie, I used the idea of Louisiana and the swamps. Don't sue me either. In fact I don't
want anyone to sue me for anything I do. Just hit me in the stomach or something. That would be
better.

(Tenchi sleeps peaceful, ok almost peaceful, being sung to sleep by his father's snoring.  He covers
his head with a pillow only hoping that some how he can get a few hours of sleep.  Across the
hall, the four girls each sleep quietly.  Mihoshi and Washu are resting in sleeping bags on the
ground as Ayeka and Sasami use the beds.  It was decided that they should alternate each day.
Down the hall from them is two that hasn't quite fell asleep yet.)

Ryoko: Yumm,   that feels soooo good.

(Chris is passionately kissing Ryoko's neck and moving lower with each kiss.  They're under the
covers but already it's easy to tell they are undressed.  Ryoko puts her arms around Chris's neck
and rubs the back of his head.  Chris starts to softly suck on her nipples.  Ryoko groans with
pleasure.)

Ryoko: You sure do know how to cheer a girl up don't you?

(Chris gives a slight laugh and continues to go south.  He runs his tongue down her stomach and
soon Ryoko can't take anymore of the teasing.  She drags his head and guides it to her private
spot.  Chris works his tongue in and out of her in a fluid motion.  Ryoko moans with pleasure
after ever lick and suck.  Chris feels her start to tighten up and crawls back up to her.  He looks
into her eyes.)

Ryoko: Now why did you stop?  I was so close.  You know I hate it when you do that.

Chris: Admit it, you like it just as much as I do.  Because you know what comes next.

Ryoko: Hum, but next time finish what you started ok?  You won't like it when I start to do it to
you.

Chris: Ok, ok, I'm sorry.  I'll find a way to make it up to you.

(With a devilish smile, Chris enters Ryoko.  They both gasp at the sensation.  Chris starts slow in
motion but picks up speed.  Ryoko and Chris start to kiss as the motion starts to seem
machine-like.  Each start to breath heavier and lets out moans in agreement.  Ryoko closes her
eyes and leans her head back against the pillows at the head of the bed.)

Ryoko: Oh, this feels so good.  Don't ever stop Tenchi.

(A sudden stop comes to Ryoko's pleasure.  Ryoko opens her eyes considered, not knowing what
she said.  Chris just looks at her in disbelief.  His face is pained deeply.)

Chris: What did you just say?

Ryoko: Huh?  What do you mean?

Chris: I mean you just called out Tenchi's name!

Ryoko: I did?  It must have just been a mistake.  Look it's not that big of a deal.

Chris: Not that big of a deal!  You just called out the name of a person you secretly still have
feelings for in the middle of our loving making.  And you say it's not a big deal?

Ryoko: I'm sorry.  I just lost myself in the moment.

(Chris gets up and grabs his pants.  Ryoko sits up and watches him.  She covers herself with the
blanket.)

Ryoko: Chris, come on now.  Don't be like this.  It was just an accident. Chris!

(Chris puts on his pants and opens the door.  He looks back at her before leaving.)

Chris: I thought I wouldn't be able to keep training on vacation but with all this walks I'm taking,
looks like I'm going to be able to stay in shape!

(Chris shuts the door behind him and storms down the hall. {No pun intended.} Tenchi and the
others poke their heads out of their respected doors to see what's making all the noise.  They look
back down the hall to Ryoko, standing in the doorway covered in only the sheets from the bed.
She sees them looking at her and slams the door.)

Ayeka: I wonder what happened between them?

Mihoshi: Something must have really made them both mad at each other.

Washu: I vote Tenchi goes and talks to Chris to see what happened.

Tenchi: What!?

Ayeka: I second the motion.

Mihoshi: Third the motion.

Sasami: Forth.

Washu: Then it is. * to Tenchi* Tenchi, go find out what's wrong and report back.

(Tenchi groans as the girls push him down the hall.  Tenchi slowly, and carefully walks down the
stairs to the lounge, where the sounds of Chris on one of his "moods" echo out.  Tenchi looks
around the corner and sees Chris throwing a bar stool across the lounge and turning over tables.
Tenchi slowly approaches him.)

Tenchi: Chris you need to calm down.  Take slow and small breaths.  We are guest here and you
can't act this way.

Chris: Oh you are the last person I want to talk to!  It would be for your best interest to leave me
alone right now Tenchi.

Tenchi: Ok, I'll leave, but if you are going to keep acting this way, then please go outside and take
your anger out there.

Chris: FINE!

(Tenchi is taken by Chris' tone of voice and heads back to the girls.  Chris leaves the plantation
hotel and walks down the paths set.  He stops to punch a tree and leaves a hole the size of his fist
in the base.  Unknown to him, Poe is following him.  Chris stops to sit by the river.  Poe soon
joins him.)

Chris: Leave me alone Poe.  I don't feel like talking no psycho-blah with you right now!  I'd rather
be left alone.

Poe: I am taking it upon great personal risk to talk to you right now.   I am quite amazed at what
you did to that tree back there.

Chris: Must have just been a weak tree or something.  You are not going to leave are you?

Poe: Not until we talk.  Something is going on inside that cranium of yours and I want to find out
just what it is.  Call it research for my final "project".

(Chris looks at him confused.  He shakes it off and picks up a rock.  He tosses it across the river.)

Chris: Let me ask you something.  Are you dating anyone?

Poe: I don't know what type of signs I was sending but, . . .

Chris: No!  Not like that!  I meant I wanted to know to see if you could relate to what I was
going through.

Poe: Oh, *slightly laughing* I see.  Had me scared there Storm.  Well,. . . yes.  Yes I do have a
girlfriend.

Chris: Ok, well suppose your girlfriend called out the name of someone else during, well during
our love making.

Poe: You mean when we was having sex?

Chris: Well yeah.

Poe: I see.  Now I understand.  She called out the name of that young lad didn't she?  Quiet the
interesting predicament you are in.  Personally I would have killed the guy.

Chris: Thought about it.  But I think I will try something else first.

Poe: Ok, I guess you want to do this the civilized way.

Chris: I just want the pain to go away.

Poe: The pain never goes away.  You will hurt forever.

Chris: Someday it will stop hurting me.  Someday, I will not be so confused.

Poe: My dad told me something, he said " Someday never comes."  Do you understand what I'm
saying?

Chris: I think so.  It just hurts to know that she has to win my trust back.

Poe: And if she never can?

Chris: Never I don't know what will happen.

(Poe gets up and walks off. Chris looks over to see him heading into the woods.  Once Poe is out
of Chris' sight, he lets out an evil laugh.  Chris rest his head on his knees as he sits on the
riverbank.  Soon someone starts to rub his back.  Without even looks at who, he knows who it
is.)

Ryoko: Chris, I'm sorry.  I know it must have hurt you when I accidently called out Tenchi's
name, but you must understand that I didn't mean it.

Chris: Ryoko, I know it was an accident, but none the less it shows me you still have feelings for
him.  I have known that for a long time now.  I just haven't admitted it yet.

Ryoko: You have been trying to get me and Tenchi together since the day we first met.
Everything you have did since then has been about getting me and Tenchi to go out.  Then we
started to come to terms with our feelings for each other.  But you still make it seem like you
want me to be with Tenchi.  You keep telling me I have feelings for him, that I love him.  Chris
when will you understand it that I want to be with you.  I want to feel your arms around him,
holding me tight.

Chris:. . . . . .

Ryoko: Fine then, be that way!

(Ryoko gets up and walks off, leaving Chris alone.  Chris just sits on the riverbank, silent.  He
looks up and sees the half moon.  To himself, he's thinking "what if it was full", knowing full well
what would happen to a Saiyan during a full moon.)


