This story takes place DURING part three.

Jurai’s debt part 3 lemon side-story
First (K)night

        The wedding party for the Masaki families
was in full swing. Everyone was drinking, talking,
and generally having a good time. All except
Tenchi, who was mostly sipping nervously at a cup
of Sake.

        “Well, I guess we should be going. It’s
getting late,” Telari said. “Mihoshi, why don’t you
walk me to my ship?”
        “Why?”
        Telari glared at Mihoshi. “Because I’m your
mother, that’s why.”
        “All right.”
        Tenchi, Mihoshi and Telari walked outside
onto the porch.

        Misaki nudged Ayeka. “Don’t you think you
should get ready for... bed?” Misaki grinned.
        Ayeka blushed. “Uhm, yes, I suppose.”
        Ryoko stood up. “I need some more sake.”
She tramped off to the kitchen.
        Ayeka smirked as Ryoko left. Ryoko was
obviously not happy about letting her be first, which
suited Ayeka just fine. This would be something she
could hold over Ryoko forever. “I think I’ll go take
a bath.” Ayeka went off in search of her bath
supplies.

        Ryoko decided the floating onsen would be
a good place to finish off the evening.   Sake in
hand she left the house.
        Ayeka sat in the floating onsen carefully
washing herself. The door behind her slid to one
side and there stood Ryoko, sake in hand.
        With nary a glance to Ayeka, Ryoko sat
down on one of the stools and began rubbing soap
into her skin.
        For several minutes only the sounds of water
and washcloths was heard.
        Finally, Ryoko broke the silence. “So, what
are you going to wear?”
        “What do you mean?”
        “To bed, what are you going to wear for
Tenchi?”
        “I really don’t think it matters. Whatever I
wear I won’t be wearing it for long.”
        “I suppose, still it’s the first time. You
should try and make it special.”
        Ayeka picked up a bucket of water and
rinsed off the soap. Then she slid into the hot bath.
“I think the night will be special on it’s own.”
        Ryoko slid in next to her and poured some
sake into a cup. “You don’t have anything to wear,
do you?”
        Ayeka slid under the water.
        “I thought so.”
        “Are you talking about Tenchi?” Mihoshi
asked.
        Ayeka came up coughing. “Where did you
come from?”
        Mihoshi stepped into the water between
Ayeka and Ryoko. “I came with them.” Mihoshi
pointed over her shoulder.
        Ryoko and Ayeka turned around to see
Washu, Kiyone, Sasami, Funaho, and Misaki.
        “How long have you all been here?” Ryoko
asked.
        Washu smiled. “Long enough. I’ve got a
machine in my lab that can make the whole
‘Victoria’s Secret’ line in your size.”
        Everyone started to giggle.
        Ayeka blushed furiously and again sank
beneath the water.


Later that evening.

        Ayeka stood outside Ten..., her
HUSBAND’S bedroom. She raised her hand to
knock, she paused, and instead of knocking, simply
opened the door.
        Inside the room the overhead lights where
off, only Tenchi’s desk lamp cast little light into the
room.
        Tenchi was laying back on his bed, wearing
his usual sleepwear, a pair of sweatpants and a
T-shirt. He wasn’t asleep, but appeared to be
resting. he was on top of the covers one arm over
his face.
        Ayeka moved quietly to Tenchi’s bedside.
She gently put her hand on his arm. “Tenchi?” She
spoke softly.
        Tenchi opened his eyes. “Ayeka.” He
smiled. “I’ve been waiting for you.” He sat up and
moved to the edge of the bed.
        She moved closer to him. “I have something
for you...” Ayeka opened her robe and let it fall to
the floor. Underneath she wore an outfit that
resembled a one-piece bathing suit. It was pure
white, lacy, and clung to her slim form like a
second skin.
                Tenchi was spellbound by the vision
before him. Ayeka was standing between Tenchi
and the desk, the lamp light formed a halo around
giving her an almost angelic appearance.
        Tenchi held open his arms. Ayeka slipped
into his embrace.
        Their lips touched once, briefly. Then again,
with more urgency. Tenchi slipped his tongue
passed Ayeka’s lips, she replied with her own.
        Ayeka’s hands roamed down Tenchi’s back.
She reached the bottom of his shirt and pulled it up.
        Tenchi broke the embrace and pulled back.
Ayeka kept pulling on his shirt allowing him to slip
out of it.
        Ayeka dropped Tenchi’s shirt on the floor,
and returned her mouth to his.
        Tenchi pulled Ayeka close and tried to
figure out how to get her outfit off. He didn’t notice
that it tied in the front, and was enjoying kissing
Ayeka to much to go looking for it.
        Ayeka pulled away from Tenchi and untied
the front of her outfit. She wanted to feel her flesh
against his.
        Tenchi watched Ayeka divest herself of her
brief outfit. He had seen her naked once before, but
this was different. He didn’t feel the embarrassment
he had felt the first time.
        Ayeka’s outfit joined Tenchi’s shirt on the
floor. Ayeka pushed Tenchi down on the bed, her
hands felt for the drawstring holding his pants on.
Once the string was untied she pulled his pants off
of him, leaving him naked as the day he was born.
        Ayeka moved up onto Tenchi’s chest, her
breasts pressing into him.
        Tenchi could feel the hard points of Ayeka’s
nipples poking into his chest. Ayeka straddled
Tenchi’s hips. She reached behind her and grasped
his organ, and lifted up to impale herself on him.
        “Wait!” Tenchi sat up.
        Startled Ayeka fell back onto the bed.
“What!? Don’t you want....” Ayeka’s eyes where
pleading. Didn’t he want to be with her? He hadn’t
sent her away.
        “Just hang on while...I....” Tenchi picked
something off the windowsill. It seemed to be a
gold disk. Tenchi started to fumble with it, finally
he tore the disk open.
        Ayeka was stunned. “What are you doing
with that balloon?”
        “It’s a condom, so I don’t get you pregnant.”
        Ayeka giggled. “Don’t be silly Tenchi. I’m
months away from my time.” She sat up and looked
into Tenchi’s eyes. “But, don’t you want me to give
you children?”
        “Well, not right away. What do you mean
months away?”
        Ayeka kissed Tenchi gently. “Juraian
women only cycle once every five years. Now, can
we finish?”
        Tenchi tossed aside the condom. Ayeka lay
back. He was situated almost perfectly between her
legs, only inches from being able to penetrate her.
        Tenchi aimed himself at Ayeka’s sex and
thrust forward. And missed.
        Three attempts later.... ‘Oh, good heavens,’
thought Ayeka. She reached down between them
and opened the lips of her sex. Tenchi slipped in
with relative ease. Almost immediately he found
her hymen.
        “You’ll have to break down the door, my
lord.”
        Tenchi nodded and then thrust in hard.
There was a sharp intake of breath from Ayeka, and
then a soft moan. Tenchi was inside all the way.
        “Ayeka,” Tenchi whispered in her ear. She
held him tightly, his weight pressing her down into
the bed.
        Tenchi begin to rock in-and-out quickly.
Ayeka locked her lips onto Tenchi’s, joining their
bodies at both ends. The combination of Tenchi’s
chest pressing against her sensitive breasts, and his
groin bumping against her engorged clit brought
Ayeka over the edge twice, before Tenchi finished.
        Exhausted, Tenchi collapsed next to Ayeka,
and promptly fell asleep.
        “Done already? I was just getting started. Oh
well, I’ll let him nap for a few minutes.” Ayeka
thought.

Downstairs in another dimension...

        Washu hit a button on her console that
popped a standard VHS cassette out of one of her
machines. She turned and handed it to a waiting
Noboyuki. “You know if Kiyone finds out about
this she might divorce you.”
        “Are you kidding? This was her idea.”
        Washu fell off of her stool.

Later that night....

        “Tenchi!” Ayeka shook her husband.
        “What! What.” Tenchi sat up and yawned.
“Morning already?”
        “No, it’s almost two. A.M., that is.”
        “Why did you wake me?”
        Ayeka crawled onto Tenchi’s chest. “I want
more.”
        “More what.”
        Ayeka sighed. “Play dumb all you want,
you’re not going back to sleep until we do it again.”
        Tenchi made an ‘eep’ sound. “Ayeka, I’m
tired, we’ve done it four times already. There will
be lots of time later.”
        “Tenchi....” Ayeka’s voice pleaded with
him.
        Tenchi sat up. “All right, just let me go get
something to drink first.” Something with a lot of
caffeine, he thought.
        “All right, but hurry, or I might start without
you.” Ayeka said with a sly smile.

        Tenchi was gone for half an hour. Ayeka
didn’t start without him, but her mood wasn’t much
improved when he got back.
        “What took so long?”
        Tenchi slipped into bed. “Kiyone was up
with Mayuka, we had a talk.”
        Ayeka prevented Tenchi from continuing by
pressing her mouth to his.
        Tenchi responded in kind, pulling her close.
The feeling of Ayeka’s naked, warm body on his
was unlike anything else. Briefly, Tenchi wondered
if it would feel different when it was Ryoko or
Mihoshi.
        “Tenchi,” Ayeka whispered in his ear, “I
want you to take me from behind.” She pulled away
from Tenchi and twisted around to lay down on her
stomach in front of him.
        Tenchi grasped Ayeka’s hips and pulled her
closer to him. Practice makes perfect, Tenchi was
able to enter her in one smooth stroke.
        Ayeka rose up, her back pressing against
Tenchi. Tenchi cupped her breasts in his hands and
squeezed gently. Ayeka began to moan, her hand
snaked down between her legs and stimulated her
clit.
        They moved together, finding a rythem
easily. They climaxed within moments of one
another, sweat glistening on their bodies.
        They lay back in bed together, Ayeka’s head
on Tenchi’s chest.
        Tenchi was about to close his eye’s and go
back to sleep, when he noticed moisture on Ayeka
cheeks.
        “Ayeka, are you...crying?”
        Ayeka sniffed, “I’m sorry. It’s just, I wish it
could always be like this. Just you and I. After
tonight you’ll have Ryoko and Mihoshi too, you’ll
never be just mine again.”
        Tenchi kissed Ayeka gently, first on the lips,
then on each of her cheeks. Kissing away the tears.
        “Ayeka, no matter what, you will always
have been my first. You’re my queen, and you
always will be.”
        Ayeka smiled and kissed him back. And the
two settled back into the bed and fell asleep.

END
