The following contains a little light bondage.
(nothing like Aiken Muyo, that was heavy)

Jurai's Debt Lemon side story #2
The more the merrier
By
Douglas Whiddon

        Tenchi watched the Earth from the viewport.
At first it had filled his view, then it began to shrink,
now it was the size of a basketball and still
shrinking. Tenchi had been into space on four
separate occasions. First when Ayeka had 'beamed
him up', second when he had gone after Kagato,
third when Nagi had kidnapped him, and finally
when he and the girls had helped Asahi rescue her
father.
        This was the first time that he bothered to
enjoy the view.
        "That's not the Earth, you know."
        Tenchi turned, to find Mihoshi standing next
to him.
        "If it's not, then what is it?"
        "It's a kind of shadow. We don't know what
causes them. You see, we're in one level of
subspace, it's different from normal-space. Nothing
exists in subspace, but large bodies cause a shadow
effect. Without the shadows we wouldn't be able to
navigate."
        Tenchi stared at Mihoshi. "Washu? Is that
you?"
        Mihoshi laughed. "Sorry, I was quoting a
professor from the academy." Mihoshi held up a cup
of tea. "Want some?"
        Tenchi smiled. "Sure."
        The small lounge held a couple of tables and
some chairs, a pot of tea and some round pastries sat
on one of the tables. Tenchi pulled out one chair and
indicated to Mihoshi that she should sit.
        Mihoshi took the proffered seat and Tenchi
took the one opposite. Tenchi picked up one of the
round pastries and took a bite. It was sweet and tart
with spices he didn't recognize.
        Mihoshi picked up the tea pot and stood to
pour the tea. She missed. Hot tea poured into
Tenchi's lap, Tenchi shot up, hitting his knee on the
table, knocking it over. Mihoshi's pants leg caught
on the chair and she toppled over. Tenchi reached
out to catch her and wound up under her when she
fell.
        Tenchi lay on the ground, slightly dazed.
Mihoshi looked at him and saw the wet tea on his
pants.
        "Oh my, let me help!" Mihoshi pulled open
the snap on Tenchi's pants and pulled down.
        Tenchi sat up, "Mihoshi, what..." and bumped
his head against hers.
Tenchi lay back again.
        Mihoshi pulled Tenchi's pants off
completely.
        "Mihoshi, what are you doing?"
        "I don't want you to get burned."
        "The tea wasn't that hot, I was just
surprised."
        "I'm sorry, I..." Mihoshi stopped talking,
staring at Tenchi.
        "What?"
        She kissed him.
        He kissed her back. She reached up under his
shirt, running her hands along his back. He pulled
away. "Wait, let's... let's go to my quarters."
        Mihoshi smiled and nodded.

        Tenchi's quarters on the queens ship where
located in one of the exterior hull sections. Most of
the ships quarters where in the 'flying saucer'
section of the ship, which was a self-contained
dimension. Funaho and Misaki had felt that Tenchi
would probably prefer his privacy.
        The quarters themselves consisted of one
large room, with a high ceiling. One wall of the
room seemed to be missing, giving a spectacular
view of the stars, and the escort ships. he had been
worried that someone might be able to see in, but
had been assured that the window was one way.
        Not that any of that would have made a
difference to Mihoshi, who, having dragged Tenchi
here, wasn't leaving until she had him.
        She started pulling off her clothes as soon as
she entered the room, he followed, and followed
suit. When they reached the bed they were both only
wearing their underwear.
        Mihoshi pushed Tenchi down onto the bed
and pulled off his boxer shorts. then she lay down on
her stomach and maneuvered herself between his
legs. She gently wrapped her hand around his
semi-erect organ and began to move her hand
up-and-down.
        Mihoshi's ministrations quickly brought
Tenchi to full alert status, and she engulfed him with
her mouth. She apparently knew what she was
doing, she varied her speed and suction to bring
Tenchi to the edge and hold him there.
        Finally she released him and sat up. She
pulled off her panties and dropped them on the floor,
her bra quickly joined them.
        Ah, a natural blond, Tenchi thought.
        Mihoshi lay down next to Tenchi. They
locked lips and rolled over so Tenchi was on top.
Tenchi felt the gentle swell of Mihoshi's breasts
beneath him, her turgid nipples poking his chest.
Tenchi kissed Mihoshi's neck, then moved
downwards.
        He took one nipple into his mouth and
sucked gently, his hand sought the other nipple.
Mihoshi's head tipped back and a quite moan
escaped her lips.
        He moved down, eliciting a giggle from her
as he kissed her stomach and slipped his tongue into
her bellybutton.
        He arrived at the cleft between her legs. Her
blond hair at her sex was the same shade as on her
head and was soft as silk. Mihoshi spread her legs to
allow him greater access. Tenchi spread open the
lips of her sex with his thumbs. He flicked the tip of
his tongue against her clit.
        Mihoshi gasped and pulled Tenchi's head
into her cleft.
        Tenchi pressed his tongue forward into
Mihoshi's sex.
        Mihoshi lost it. Her back arched, she
clutched at the sheets, and wrapped her long legs
around Tenchi. She let out a long, ragged, moan.
        Tenchi propped himself up on one arm and
looked at his wife. That was easier than I had
expected, he thought.
        Mihoshi settled back onto the bed. "That
was wonderful." She stretched the 'won' part into
four syllables.
        Tenchi blushed.
        Mihoshi scooted sideways until she was right
next to Tenchi. She traced patterns on Tenchi's
chest. "So, you want to be on top, or bottom?"
Mihoshi's hand trailed down to Tenchi's groin and
firmly gripped his erect tool.
        "Uhm, on top. I guess." Tenchi replied
nervously.
        Mihoshi released him, lay back, and opened
her legs.
        Tenchi moved between her thighs and
penetrated her sex in one clean stroke.

        High above the couple, Ryoko's golden eyes
twinkled in the dark. She watched with longing as
Tenchi made love to Mihoshi. She watched at the
sheen of sweat on his back, and watched his
buttocks clench as the couple moved together. She
was on the verge of drooling.

        Tenchi finished with a groan. Mihoshi's
ankles locked together behind his back. Tenchi fell
back against the bed. This gets better every time, he
thought.
        "Teeenchiiii!" Ryoko descended on the
couple. She was wearing very little. Most of it
leather. She looked like a dominatrix in one of  the
magazines Tenchi's dad owned. She landed between
the couple, whip in hand.
        Mihoshi pulled the blankets up to her cheeks.
        "Ryoko, what are you doing with that
whip?" Tenchi wasn't sure he wanted an answer.
        Ryoko cracked the whip. "I was supposed to
be next!"
        Tenchi sighed, "Ryoko, things don't always
work out the way we plan. Now, put the whip
down."
        Ryoko tossed the whip over her shoulder, it
disappeared. So did everything she was wearing.
        "Scoot over, bubblebrain." She said.
        Mihoshi scooted to the far side of the bed.
        Ryoko descended on Tenchi like a cat on a
mouse.
        Tenchi recalled a rooftop encounter two
years previous. Ryoko could be scary sometimes.
        Ryoko ran her fingers down Tenchi's smooth
chest. "Tenchi, I've waited this long. Don't make
me wait any longer."
        Ryoko was almost on top of Tenchi. He put
his hand on her hip and slid it up onto her back. her
skin was soft and supple under his palm. He stopped
when his hand was between her shoulder blades. He
gently drew her down until her face was inches from
his.
        "Am I worth the wait?" He whispered in her
ear.
        Ryoko responded with a kiss. It wasn't a soft
kiss. It was hard, lip-bruising hard. She pressed
herself against him firmly.
        Despite having been with Mihoshi only
minutes before, his body responded to Ryoko. Her
weight pressed him into the soft bed.
        "Ryoko, don't be so rough."
        "I'm trying to be gentle, but I want you so
much." Ryoko continued her attack on Tenchi.
        "Ryoko, stop!" Tenchi pushed her away.
        "Tenchi?" Ryoko's voice pleaded with him.
        Tenchi touched Ryoko's lips with his finger.
"Just. Wait. One. Minute." Tenchi turned to Mihoshi
and they exchanged a few brief whispers.
        Ryoko's breath caught in her throat. Ever
since she had watch Tenchi take his first, faltering,
steps into puberty she had wanted to be with him.
She didn't want to lose this opportunity. However,
if he rejected her she didn't know what she would
do.
        Mihoshi reached into her hair and produced
her cube. She fumbled with the cube for a few
moments. Something metallic fell to the bed.
Ryoko's view of the object was blocked her
preferable (to her, at least) view of his naked form.
        Tenchi turned back to Ryoko. He held
something in his hand, close to his hip. He reached
out to Ryoko and pulled her arms up over her head
and, much to her surprise, handcuffed her to the
headboard.
        The cuffs where standard issue GP cuffs.
The metal wasn't particularly strong but the cuffs
had an energy field which could hold even her. The
energy field wasn't active, the cuffs would have felt
warm if it was.
        Ryoko wondered if Tenchi knew that the
handcuffs couldn't actually hold her. She decided to
adopt a wait-and-see attitude.
        Tenchi produced a strip of cloth from
somewhere and blindfolded Ryoko.
        Deprived of sight, Ryoko turned her other
senses up a notch. She could feel the individual
threads of the sheet beneath her, she could hear the
air currents moving in the room. She could tell
where Tenchi and Mihoshi where by the air curving
around them.
        Ryoko felt Tenchi's lips brush hers. She felt
his fingertips lightly brush the skin of her neck and
shoulders, moving down towards her breasts. His
fingertips moved up her breasts, never quite
touching the nipple. Ryoko breathed deeply, her
body responding to the soft caresses.
        She almost exploded when she felt a warm
moisture on her nipple. Tenchi's mouth closed over
the top of her breast, his tongue lightly flicking
against the nipple.
        As Tenchi's hands and mouth continued
downwards Ryoko felt a second pair of lips join his.
It might have seemed strange a day ago, but here
and now it felt as natural as anything could be.
        Mihoshi concentrated on Ryoko's nipples,
Tenchi moved downwards into the folds of her sex.
With her heightened senses the stimulation by
Tenchi and Mihoshi quickly pushed Ryoko into a
state of pure bliss.
        Mihoshi moved away from Ryoko, Tenchi
ceased his activates between her legs. Ryoko's body
screamed for them to continue. She waited
breathlessly.
        Ryoko felt movement above her, there was a
musky scent mingled with Mihoshi's distinct smell. A pair of hands on
her ankles distracted Ryoko.
        Tenchi brought Ryoko's legs together and
lifted them up. Ryoko allowed herself to be folded at
the waist, her knees almost touching her breasts.
        Tenchi's hands slid down to her knees and he
entered her.
        Finally! Thought Ryoko. She came close to
calling out, but Mihoshi silenced her.
        As Tenchi entered Ryoko Mihoshi
descended on her, pressing her sex into Ryoko's lips.
Had she taken a moment to consider things, she
might not have done so. Ryoko's teeth where
probably sharp.
        Since tonight would set the standard for their
nights to come, and it was she who had joined them,
Ryoko licked and sucked at Mihoshi's most tender
parts. More for Tenchi's sake than anything else, she
didn't want him to see her as a prude.
        Ryoko found that it wasn't an unpleasant
task, and the taste was interesting.
        Tenchi's groin bumped against her clit on
each downward stroke, Ryoko's orgasm became
more and more imminent.
        Mihoshi's thighs tightened up against
Ryoko's head. Ryoko could tell she was cumming by
the change in her breathing.
        Ryoko felt a warm splash inside. Tenchi's
rhythm slowed down, but didn't stop. She who
cumms last cums best. The cuffs snapped, Ryoko's
legs wrapped around Tenchi.

Later.

        "Ryo-oh-ko." Mihoshi purred.
        Tenchi was asleep on one side of the bed,
but there was plenty of room to play.
        Ryoko backed away from Mihoshi.
"Wha..what do you want?"
        "Are you tired?"
        "No."
        "Wanna play?"
        "Play what?!"
        Mihoshi whispered in Ryoko's ear.
        "That's...I could never..."
        "You did a little while ago."
        "That was different."
        "Ryoko, do you know anything about Juraian
bridal customs?"
        "Not much."
        "Let me educate you."

        Ryoko resisted ... a little. But Mihoshi was
convincing.

(^_^) END (^_^)