Denied Love
By Bexi
Madmangabexx@hotmail.com
 
Disclaimer- I don't own Tenchi and the other characters. I'm just using 
them for my own liking.
Due to popular demand, this is the lemon for my fic 'Denied Love' 
(another site... will be on this one soon). For all you who don't know 
that. Tenchi has chosen Ryoko over Ayeka and Ayeka's had a really 
difficult time getting over the fact. But Kamidake helps her overcome 
that and like most things after spending some time together they 
develop feelings for each other, and well things go from one thing to 
the other. Like it says 'LEMON!!!' So if you no like LEMONS or just 
don't like my paring then don't read. But if you do like that, then 
read with all your heart and enjoy.
Here's a quick brief on what happened:
After an unexpected occurrence, Kagato turns up and he happens to be 
working for Lady Tokimi. (Can't tell this part, haven't uploaded fic 
yet, be giving it away.) Well after time Ryoko and Tenchi grow closer 
together and Tenchi, leaving Ayeka extremely heartbroken chooses Ryoko. 
No one can bring her out of her misery, but with the help of an 
unexpected person she moves on. BUT, she can't be happy with Kamidake, 
why?
a) He's a knight
b) She's a princess
c) The emperor has picked out another suitor for her.
d) Emperor doesn't like Kamidake because he's prejudice (find out why 
in the fic)
Do you want to know what happens? Well you'll have to read my fic.... 
It might be on this site, but I'm not sure. But if you're interested, 
then E-mail me and I'll tell you where you can read it (so far, I 
haven't finished yet!)
WELL.....
FIRST EVER LEMON.... GO EASY ON IT!
 
DENIED LOVE - LEMON VERSION
 
It was a bright and clear morning and everyone was going out. It was 
decided that today was the perfect day to go and have a picnic. It had 
already been planned since Washu told everyone that the weather for 
today was going to be hot all day without a trace of rain. No one 
believed her, mainly because all yesterday was raining and even a small 
thunderstorm appeared in the middle of the night. But upon waking up, 
they all found out that Washu was indeed right, was she ever wrong? She 
gloated for a whole hour, saying that she was the greatest genius in 
the whole entire universe and that she was never wrong. 
Sasami was in the kitchen, excited about the picnic. She had a light 
blue dress with white sleeves that hung loosely halfway down her arms. 
She had her hair up in her usual pigtail style, but wore new bobbles. 
The ones that she saw in the shop window, they were white fluffy 
scrunch bands and went perfectly in her hair. Tenchi thought that since 
she always did the cooking, they could all treat her. So they all 
pitched in and bought the two hair bobbles. She was happy; she had what 
she wanted.
She skipped around the kitchen with the small brown cabbit on her head. 
She had nearly everything she needed. Sandwiches, drinks, cakes, 
biscuits and anything that could be needed for a picnic. She carried 
them over and gently and neatly placed them in the light brown woven 
picnic basket. 
Mihoshi walked downstairs, she was all set for the picnic, and a day in 
the sun was all she needed. She still found it strange that Kiyone 
wasn't back yet, but she was on vacation and deserved to enjoy it. So 
Mihoshi didn't complain..... much. She jumped down the last few steps 
and sat down on the couch, sliding her flip-flops on and off. Ayeka sat 
next to her, looking down at the floor, he mind was completely else 
where.
Charging through the sliding doors were Tenchi and Ryoko. Ryoko with 
her arms all over Tenchi and Tenchi just laughing at her. They both 
looked truly happy together, nothing could take that away from them. 
They both got what they wanted, each other. Ryoko let go of Tenchi and 
walked over to Ayeka. She had her hands in her denim shorts and wafted 
her red sleeveless top a little at the top. 
Washu walked out of her lab and looked around, all the household were 
here now. Noboyuki was packing stuff in the car with the help of 
Katsuhito and Azaka. Other then them, they were all accounted for.
"So, are we all ready?" She asked everyone excitedly.
"Yeah, picnic!" Mihoshi yelled happily as she stood up and walked over 
to the door.
"Everything ready?"
"Sure is Tenchi. I've already made the picnic.... it's got lots of 
goodies for you all."
"Wow Sasami, that sounds great." Ryoko said, licking her lips, she was 
hungry just by the mention of the word food. Sasami laughed at the 
space pirate as she put a pair of dark sunglasses over her eyes.
"Well I'm ready, aren't you Tenchi?" Tenchi nodded as Ryoko walked over 
to him to linked her arm with his.
"C'mon Ayeka, we need to hurry. It'll take an hour to get there."
Ayeka sighed and looked up at her happy-go-lucky sister. She smiled, 
she couldn't be sad around Sasami, that was near on imposable.
"Actually, I was thinking that I'd stay here."
Sasami's big smile started to fade as she looked at her sister. Ryo-
Ohki looked at Ayeka as well, not to mention all the others.
"But, why Ayeka? It's gonna be lots of fun. You have to come with us. 
Please." Sasami begged her sister, but her face still said no.
"Miss Ayeka, you can't stay here by yourself, you have to come with 
us."
"Tenchi's right Ayeka, even you deserve some time off. Give it a break 
and enjoy yourself." Ryoko said as convincing as she could. Now that 
she had Tenchi, she didn't really mind Ayeka that much, they still 
fought over small and petty things, but that was just normal for them. 
But Ryoko would be glad when the old Ayeka came back. Tenchi choosing 
Ryoko put big strain on Ayeka, but she had everyone to help her get 
over it, even Ryoko tried to help her in a non-bitchy way.
"I'm so glad that you all want me to go, but I really don't feel like a 
picnic today. Maybe some other time."
"But Ayeka-"
"You can't force Ayeka into doing something that she doesn't want to 
do." Said Katsuhito as he walked in through the door to tell everyone 
to get in the car. Ayeka smiled at him for being on her side. "But I 
don't think it's fair to leave you by yourself. Maybe someone should 
stay with you."
Ayeka quickly stood up and waved her hands around.
"No, I don't want anyone to miss out because of me." She pleaded; she 
didn't want to ruin the day for everyone. 
"What's the hold up?" Azaka said as he walked through the door to see 
what was keeping everyone.
"Ayeka doesn't want to go and I don't think it's fair to leave her by 
herself. But I don't know who should stay."
The older knight thought for a moment, who could stay with the Princess 
Ayeka? It suddenly came to him who could stay, solving everyone's 
problems and no one gets to be unhappy.
"I know who can stay."
They all looked at him, wondering who he was going to say. No one 
really wanted to stay home with Ayeka, just because it was to hot a day 
to stay inside. The sun was shinning; it was perfect for a picnic.
"Kamidake could stay. He was going on that he doesn't want to go. Kid 
really doesn't like picnics for some reason.... wonder why?" He 
scratched his bearded chin, it was really bugging him now. "How could 
anyone not like picnics?"
Katsuhito turned to Ayeka as Azaka spoke quietly to himself. Pondering 
the question.
"Would you feel better if Kamidake stayed with you then?"
She held back her smile and remained an emotionless grin.
"If he doesn't mind then it is alright by me." 
Azaka nodded and left to find Kamidake to break the news that he didn't 
have to go on the picnic that he so desperately wanted to avoid. How 
could anyone not like picnics? That was the one question that plagued 
Azaka's mind. How? If he'd ask Kamidake he'd probably get one of the 
strangest excuses and just not want to hear, so he just left his 
question blank. How?
 
___________________
 
He walked out the door and over to the lake. As usual Kamidake was in 
his usual spot under the tree that was on the island in the middle of 
the lake (read clean-fic for references). He walked around the lake to 
find the place where he could cross.
He finally came to the place, it just looked normal, but it was a 
shallow part that could be crossed easily. He peered at it and slowly 
walked over the pathway. He then came to the part that was always most 
difficult to cross. 
"I've seen the kid cross millions of times." He said confidently as he 
proceeded to walk forward.
He put his foot out to cross but never felt the bottom. Instead he fell 
into the deep hole in the path. He cursed as he surfaced and scrambled 
onto the path and ran over to Kamidake.
"You're wet." He said, not looking up at Azaka. It was only good 
though; Azaka stood there drenched completely giving Kamidake a look 
that could kill.
"Really? I would never have guessed."
Kamidake smirked at his partner, his still eyes closed.
"You picked this stop on purpose didn't you?" He asked bitterly. 
"I thought that it would stop people from coming to see me so I could 
get some rest."
Azaka looked at him strangely.
"We happen to have a room inside the house. That's where normal people 
sleep.... not under trees."
"Normal people probably don't have to share a room with you." He spoke 
under his breath, followed by a slight chuckle.
"What was that!?" The older knight crossed his arms and looked sternly 
at Kamidake.
He laughed as he opened his eyes.
"Nothing. You really are wet aren't you?" He said cheerfully as he 
looked at Azaka. His hair totally flat with small pieces of green soggy 
plants suck in his tangled and tatted locks and also running down his 
face.
"You must be the most observant knights in the while history of 
knighthood."
"Hey, not need to get sarcastic." He stood up and looked at Azaka, who 
was slightly shorter than him. "So what is it you want? There must be a 
reason that you've come to bug me. I'm not going to play on that stupid 
game before you ask!"
Azaka wrung the water out of his hair and clothes.
"It's just about the picnic." He saw Kamidake sigh loudly and turn away 
from him. He sniggered at the sight of it, Kamidake wasn't serious all 
the time and right now he was acting like a big child not wanting to do 
anything. "Don't worry. You'll like the news."
The knight turned his head, but didn't turn around.
"Hmm, you don't have to go because Princess Ayeka says that she's not 
in the mood for a picnic, so since you don't want to go either. Well, 
kill two birds with one stone."
"What?" Kamidake said as he saw Azaka looking at him.
"Nothing, I'm just waiting for you to start jumping in the air like you 
did as a child when you got your own way."
"I never did that!" He shot back defensively.
"Course you didn't. You were a little angel." He walked off, crossing 
the water, making sure he didn't fall in again.
 
_________________________
 
Everyone had now gone and all that were left was Ayeka and Kamidake. 
They both sat down on the couch and happily talked.
"Do you really hate picnics?" 
"No, I just said that to get Azaka off my case. It'll just be the same, 
'why don't you want to come?' But all I have now is, 'how could you 
hate picnics?' I don't know which question is best. How'd you get out 
so easily?"
She smirked at his question, trying to avoid saying what she said. She 
began to laugh at him, but stopped herself when he asked what it you 
find so funny?
"I'm sorry, you're gonna hate me for what I said." She still had a grin 
on her face, but wasn't laughing at least.
He raised his eyebrow and looked at her with a questioning grin.
"If you must know." She paused for a moment. "I just said that I didn't 
want to go and they just left it at that."
She started laughing again at his facial expression, it was picture 
perfect. He was completely struck down by astonishment.
"How did you get away with just saying that? I would have had the 'why' 
speech."
"Well..... I am the Princess of Jurai and can't be forced to do 
anything I don't want to." She looked away from him and spoke in almost 
a whisper. "And I had my brother to help." 
"Well no wonder."
"Hmm, well enough talk about that." She looked deep into his purple 
eyes and smiled.
She moved over to where he was and leaned her head on his shoulder. He 
looked down and gave her a heart-warming smile that made her feel 
special and wanted. He placed his arms around her slender waist and 
drew her closer to him.
"Kamidake, what do you think of me?" She looked up at him, longing for 
his answer to be positive and true. She needed to know what he felt for 
her, she didn't want to be steered on like with Tenchi.
"Personally or professionally?" 
"Is there a big difference?"
"Yes. A very big difference. As the one I'm supposed to be protecting, 
I can't... well, not supposed to posses feeling for you in that 
particular way. But as your...." He trailed off, trying to find the 
right word to say in this kind of situation. 
"Yes." She urged him to continue. "As your what?" She started to get 
excited now, wondering what he wanted to say. She could see it in his 
eyes that he regretted saying that last part. She gracefully put her 
hand over her mouth as she giggled softly.
"It's not funny! You try answering the question."
This caused her to laugh harder.
"You look so cute when you sulk." She could see him give a look as if 
to say I'm-not-sulking, pout. "I could answer it. Let's see." She 
pondered for a moment. "I would say, that I'm supposed to fall madly in 
love with a pathetic suitor that my father just picked out of a hat. 
But, you can't control who you have feelings for, can you? That wasn't 
difficult, was it?" She said triumphantly, but saw him smirking at her. 
"You didn't answer the question. You asked me, 'what do you think of 
me'. You didn't answer it. Not easy is it?" He smirked triumphantly, 
also mockingly.
"I haven't finished yet!" She said quickly. "Erm, I need to define my 
question. Do you just see me as the princess that you are suppose to be 
protecting and visa versa." 
"Well, I don't just see you as that princess, not anymore. You could 
say that I grown to know you a bit more, not just the princess. More 
for an individual. Ayeka Jurai instead of Princess Ayeka Jurai. And I'm 
glad I've met her."
She smiled widely at him and sat up.
"You really mean that?"
"Why would I lie to you?" He said sincerely with a tinge of delight in 
his voice.
She smiled again, this time more shyly. His tone alone and the way he 
looked into her eyes were good enough to convince her now. Tears 
started to form in the corners of her pretty rose eyes, not of sadness, 
but of extreme joy. She truly felt happy with him there, alone.
"Thank you." She sniffed as she wiped away her tears.
He tilted his head slightly as his long locks fell over the corner of 
his face.
"Why?"
"Because," she said softly. "You helped me, a great deal. I knew that I 
could rely on you Kamidake, you didn't let me down or just told me to 
go. You," she took a deep breath. ".... You were there when I needed 
someone; you were right there for me. I felt more alone- all alone, 
more than you could ever know... but you kept me smiling, even when it 
hurt. You supported me in getting over Tenchi and I've put the past 
behind me and I'll going to life out the future. All of this was 
because of you; you gave me that small piece of strength that I needed 
to face the world again. Tenchi wasn't everything and I now know that."
She looked up to the ceiling, her eyes full of confidence as she 
followed the flowered patterns that ran from one end to the other.
"It wasn't just me, I only helped. You had everyone there, we all knew 
that you got the bad end of the stick.... but you can't say that it was 
just me. Sasami did a lot to help you, she was really worried about you 
and managed to put on a happy face, just for you. I only helped."
"A great deal." She looked straight at him gave a captivating smile. "I 
know, but you helped me in a way that no one else could have possible 
helped with."
He scratched his head and laughed carelessly. His eyes were locked on 
hers, but wandered down to look at her luscious body. Her curves were 
the only thing that was on his mind at the moment. He shot back and 
shook his head at what he was doing.
She looked at a picture on the wall, then back at him with a heart-
melting smile. Her eyes beaming down on him. Her voice was soft and 
gentle as she spoke his name to bring him back to reality. 
He blinked as he watched her laugh that sweet laugh that only she 
possessed. She calmed down and took a short breath as she ceased. She 
slowly, yet eagerly crawled over to him so that they were only 
centimetres away from each other. 
He could almost smell her sweet feminine fragrance and the peach 
blossom scent from her long flowing hair. He found it more difficult to 
hold back his strong urge for her. He looked up and saw huge pink eyes 
staring back at him. She began to shake slightly as she felt his soft 
hand caress her cheek. 
He closed his eyes and leaned forward, pressing his lips on hers. Her 
eyes widened as she flinched but soon relaxed. She closed her eyes and 
leaned more into the kiss. He ran a hand through her soft purple locks 
and over her back, bringing her closer to him so their bodies met. 
Ayeka parted her lips, allowing him to explore. She murmured as she 
felt his tongue caress hers and the root of her mouth. He ran his hand 
over her slender curves as he used the other to hold her firmly where 
he wanted her.
He parted from the kiss and looked lovingly at her, waiting to see what 
her reaction was. He didn't want to pressurise her into doing anything, 
which was the one thing he defiantly didn't want to do. But he also 
didn't want to make a complete idiot of himself by misreading the 
signs. He would never be able to look it down if he did, but he finally 
got the reaction that he was waiting for. Ayeka leaned forward and 
softly kissed his cheek as she whispered something inside his ear.
I want this
He looked at her alarmingly; he didn't know what to expect from her, a 
yes or no. But he was getting his answer, so why did he still hold 
back? They both wanted the same thing to happen.... so why wait?
He sat down and looked at the floor, she just watched curiously as he 
did this.
"Ayeka, I...." He began.
"What? Have I done something?" She asked, jumping to conclusion.
"No!" He looked at her and smiled. "It's just that I'm not sure about 
this. I mean." He spoke quickly and hastily to the princess.
"Don't worry," she said reassuringly. "I'm not just doing this for the 
heck of it. I care about you Kamidake and want to show that I do, 
unless I misread." She was starting to get slightly embarrassed, what 
if she did misread the sighs, what would he think of her? Just as a 
miserable slut?
She turned away, but felt his hand cup her chin and turn her to face 
her.
"So you?"
She shook her head, understanding that they both had the same thought 
running through their head. She smiled as she leaned closer to him 
again to indulge in another wonderful and lasting kiss.
He gently pushed her down on the couch, lying down beside her, softly 
kissing her cheeks and chin. He tasted her soft lips before moving down 
to her neck. She closed her eyes and shot her head back as she felt his 
soft kisses smothered her. He pressed his lips onto her soft peach skin 
and nuzzled her neck gently and arousingly. She knew that she shouldn't 
be doing this, it was unlawful in her family's case. She should wait 
until she was married with the right suitor that her father had chosen 
for her, but she couldn't hold herself back. She found herself being 
manipulated and mesmerised by the soft touch of his hand and the warm 
sensation of his lips. She moaned pleasurably as she felt his hand cup 
her right breast through the soft material of her kimono. 
He looked up at her once again as she gave him a blissful smile, urging 
him to continue. She didn't want him to stop there; she wanted him to 
continue making her feel all the pleasures that she felt before. She 
knew what to expect and also knew what she wanted.... him.
He slowly untied the broad navy sash that was wrapped around her 
slender waist and pulled it off, throwing it to the ground. Leaving her 
long robes to fall freely, opening slightly in the middle. He kissed 
her again as he slid her kimono from her shoulders and pulled it right 
off, throwing the blue and purple robes on the floor with her sash. He 
just stood and looked at her lean body figure, the perfect curve of her 
waist and the tender outline of her flawless breasts. She began to 
blush by the way he was looking at her; he sniggered softly and leaned 
down.
"Beautiful." He whispered, delivering small butterfly kisses over her 
collarbone, slowly making his way down to her humble breasts. 
Delicately he ran to tip of his tongue over the little jutting peak, 
running it swiftly back and forth. Ayeka groaned lightly, lost in the 
extreme bliss that she was feeling, unable to concentrate on anything 
but his mouth on her body. Kamidake smiled at this as his tongue softly 
circled her quivering nipple. He gently took it in his mouth and began 
to suck softly, pulling at the areola.
Ayeka continued to moan in pleasure as she rested her hands on his 
head. All the pleasures coming down at once. She was lost in her mass 
of emotions, bliss, pleasure and arousal. To think she would have to 
have waited until she was wed to experience all these, that's if she 
was on Jurai. She was absolutely thankful that she decided to stay on 
Earth with Tenchi and the others. She remembered her father's last 
suitor, Seriyo. She didn't even want to imagine doing this with him, so 
she concentrated on the person who made her feel that little bit more. 
His long lustrous red locks, the glimmer in his gorgeous light eyes, 
his perfect physique and the seriousness of his voice, his constant 
calm and confident tone. All those things lusting things, the small 
things that could easily turn on any woman, but she was the lucky one.
She felt his mouth move from her yearning breasts and down her stomach. 
She laughed lightly as his tongue brushed against her side. Squirming 
around on the couch, she couldn't help being ticklish. She fidgeted 
more as his hands gently ran up and down her side. Brushing against her 
soft body then slowly down to her warm thigh. He swiftly removed her 
silken panties to reveal her womanhood. He softly parted her legs and 
slid his hand over her quivering warmth, and felt the soft enfolding 
flesh on both sides as he lightly pressed his thumb against her moist 
pearl. She moaned loudly, arching her head backwards as he attacked her 
navel with his ravishing tongue. He removed his thumb and slipped his 
finger inside her. Ayeka groaned in ecstasy as she moved her hips so he 
was deeper inside of her. 
He withdrew his finger, causing Ayeka to moan in protest. He bowed his 
head down, sliding his tongue over her pearl, lashing at her soft 
folds. She ran her hands through his silky hair, moaning his name 
loudly in ecstasy due to the erotic sensation as she felt his piecing 
tongue slide inside her warm body. She loved every moment of this 
desirable pleasure. Waves of pleasure ran through her entire body, 
which she showed no attempt to hide. Openly she continued to scream his 
name out loud, thankful that no one was present in the house except 
them.
He thrust his tongue deeper inside her body, holding down on her legs 
as she manoeuvred her hips closer to him. The blissful pleasure running 
through her body as he toyed with her, slowly sliding his tongue out 
then thrusting it back inside. Her body began to shake all over and her 
muscles tightened, she couldn't control the amount of pleasure that was 
bestowed upon her. The princess couldn't hold back anymore. Her body 
began to fiercely tremble as her head snapped back.
"Kamidake!" She screamed, tightly clutching onto the arm of the couch 
as she reached the peak of her ecstasy, realising her nectar into his 
mouth.
He smiled as he drank her sweet juices, her innocence and purity. So 
sweet and unique, he just wanted to take her there and then, but didn't 
want to rush things with her, keep it slow so she'd feel even more 
pleasures like she's never felt before.
She slowly got up and pushed him down, planting her lips loosely on 
his, still being able to taste herself on his lips. Smiling slyly as 
she slowly took his clothes of him. Starting with the belt then each 
layer under that until his torso was completely bare. She ran her hands 
softly over his firm chest as she made her way down. Eager to get his 
pants off, but not to eager... not to show anyway. 
She made her way back upwards, her hands caressing his chest and 
manhood. His moans became more loudly as her handy work became swift, 
but they were cut short by her soft lips. She slowly moved her hands 
and wrapped them delicately around his neck as his moved to her waist. 
The kisses becoming deeper and intense with pleasure. His tongue slid 
inside her mouth again as she let him take her.
He lay her down steadily on her back as he positioned himself above her 
and looked one looked up at her again.
"Are you sure?" He asked softly.
She nodded and smiled at him for his concern.
"I'm sure."
He nodded in agreement and slowly and gently thrust himself forward, 
breaking her barrier. Ayeka clenched her eyes firmly shut and cried out 
in pain. Tears formed at the side of her eyes and slowly slid down her 
cheeks. She wasn't expecting it to hurt that much.
Kamidake instantly stopped and looked down at Ayeka. Her eye's shut 
tight and tears rolling down her pretty face. He didn't want to cause 
her any pain and it hurt him to know that he was doing such a thing. 
She slowly opened her eyes and looked straight at Kamidake. She could 
tell that he was upset by the whole ordeal, but saw that he had no 
reason to be. She wanted to stop the pain, but she also wanted to carry 
on, she wanted this and nothing was going to stop that. 
"I... want this.... please." She spoke quietly and softly to him.
He smiled slightly, but wasn't sure. He didn't want to hurt her anymore 
than he already had, but the look that she was giving him said that he 
didn't have to worry. He continued to slowly push inside of her.
The pain still continued, but was eventually fading into pleasure as 
her shrieks of pain turned to those of delight.
"Ahh, Kamidake." She moaned as she rocked her hips forward and wrapped 
her legs around his waist.
He gave a sigh of relief at her and began to move with her gently. Her 
moans of pleasure grew louder and more rapid. His slow thrusts became 
faster and deeper as she groaned louder. Her moans grew as she screamed 
his name out in ecstasy and ran her fingers across his firm built back. 
He deeply penetrated her, hissing in pleasure as she scraped and dug 
her nails into his back. She rocked her hips against his faster and 
faster as he did the same, both building up to the breaking points. He 
began to alternate and toy with her as he slowed down then thrust into 
her with full force, he did for a while just to reveal her of a 
boredom, just in case. 
Ring.... Ring
"Ahhh." She closed her eyes and bit her bottom lip. She could feel it 
as he thrust deeper and deeper, faster then slower, drawing closer to 
the peak of her ecstasy. She gripped on to his shoulders harder as she 
felt the waves of pleasure overtake her. He continued to thrust as they 
both met simultaneously.
"Ahh, K- Kamidake." She screeched as she gripped onto his shoulders 
harder and arched her back. He groaned loudly reaching the tip of his 
climax as he released and collapsed on top of her.
He looked at her sweetly, both slightly out of breath and kissed her 
lightly on the lips. She smiled back and wrapped her arms around him, 
nuzzling delicately on his ear. He bushed against her cheeks as she 
laughed softly. 
They both looked longingly into each other's eyes, nether one 
regretting what happened just. 
She slowly closed her eyes and leaned her head gently on his shoulder.
"Hmm, well we can't stay like this now, can we?"
"Guess not," he sniggered.
"Well." She pushed herself up and looked at him seductively. "Why don't 
we, take a trip to the onsen and.... relax, a little." 
He returned the look and laughed lightly.
"What harm can it do?"
She smiled cutely and grabbed his hand, dragging him off for a long 
soak in the onsen.
 
____________________
 
They all barged in through the door loudly, pushing past. All except 
Ryoko who just phased in before them. Sasami happily skipped through 
and put the picnic basket down on the kitchen table. She walked out and 
saw Ayeka sitting on the couch smiling at her.
"Sasami, did you have a good time?" She asked her younger sister.
"It was really great Ayeka; you really missed a good time. Ryoko threw 
Washu into the lake. She wasn't happy." She laughed as she heard Washu 
grumble.
"I'm glad you had a good time."
Ryoko slouched down heavily next to the princess. 
"Bet you were bored stiff, right princess?" She stretched her arms and 
yawned loudly.
"I wouldn't say that it was that boring." She said as Kamidake walked 
in to the room. "Was it Kamidake?"
He shook his head and walked into the kitchen.
"Hey you two." Said Washu, still wringing out her hair. "We tried to 
ring you guys. We thought that you'd be bored... but you never 
answered. What happened, what went on?" She asked them casually. 
Kamidake walked out of the kitchen just in time to hear Washu's 
question. Ayeka shot Kamidake a glace quickly as he just shrugged his 
shoulders. They could tell them that they spent their time entertaining 
each other.
"It was such a lovely day that we spent it outside and didn't hear the 
phone ring. We're really sorry about that." Ayeka said on the spear of 
the moment and luckily made it convincing, because everyone just 
shrugged it off and went on as normal. If only they knew.
Kamidake looked over and smiled softly at Ayeka as she returned the 
smile.
 
A.N
Well what did you all think about that then? First ever lemon!! Tell 
me, was it alright? Were the characters in character? Tell me please... 
I need the moral support. Should I keep writing lemons? Or should I 
quite while I'm a head?
Would you believe that it took me over three days to write that? It was 
hard to get right. Checking time after time after time.
What do you think about me pairing then? I love that one; it's my 
personal fave. Second is Ryoko/Tenchi. 
Soooo, what happened in the onsen?
Wouldn't you like to know?!
If the spelling and grammar is off, that's because I haven't had anyone 
to proof read it. I wouldn't really want my best mate to read this kind 
of stuff.... if you get what I mean.
I enjoyed writing that.... best piece of work I think.
Should I write another lemon with them? Or is this just a sick though? 
I don't think it is.... I think they're sweet together.
I haven't put up my full fic on this site yet. Mainly because I haven't 
wrote it all.... but hopefully soon. I did this because people asked 
about there being a lemon and I wanted a challenge. So, tell me what 
you think then.
Bye people
Bexi
