Dimension of Love
By: Lady OceanStar
**********************

(Hi Everyone, Lady OceanStar here. This is my first
lemon story so don't be hard on me. Its about Tenchi
and Sasami. Sasami is a bit older now. She's changed
alot and looks like Tsunami ALOT. Is Tenchi falling
for her now? We'll see. This is song fic. You can find
alot of my song fics on fanfiction.net. Bye! ~*~this
is only for mature audiences only~*~ P.S. Yeah! I know
Ryoko deserves Tenchi, but still, she wouldn't be much
of a romantic person I need. So well... ~.~)

"When the cherry blossom start to bloom.
Meet me here in my lonely room.
We'll find a passion filled fantasy.
And this time you will stay with me.

All the misery that we knew before,
Stays away when you are at my door.
My heart will sing at ev'ry tender touch,
And, oh, you'll want me twice as much.."

Sasami sit up in her bed and yawned. The 15 year old
was to tired to make breakfast and just wanted to keep
sleeping. She was so tired for some odd reason. Maybe
it was the way Ayeka yelled at her yesterday cause
Tenchi was staring at Sasami. Sasami just blushed and
Ayeka became angry. Still, Tenchi didn't know who he
wanted to marry. Tenchi was already out of school and
he now ran the shrine. The girls, each one of them,
still lived in the house. Washu, Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami,
Mihoshi, and Kitone and still, Tenchi had to deal with
each. But, nowadays he was eyeing Sasami, ALOT. She
couldn't help but blush when he did. She was young but
didn't go to school. Washu teached her alot. She liked
to watch her when she was doing experiments. But,
today, Sasami was to tired to do anything. Then Ryoko
stormed into the room and looks at Sasami, "I swear to
god! She's doing it again! Your stupid sister needs to
get a life and figure out that Tenchi is mine!" Sasami
just yawned again and rubbed her eyes. Ryoko and Ayeka
where always fighting over Tenchi. Sasami just laughed
at them. She didn't wear her hair in pigtails much
anymore. She stood up and looked at Ryoko, "Well, I'd
better go start breakfast before everybody gets on my
case." She walked into the kitchen and pulled out the
bacon.

Tenchi stood outside holding a rake in his hands. Damn
that Ryo-ohki, why did he have to eat so much. He
spent more of his time with the carrot garden then he
ever did with any of the girls. They didn't follow him
around as much. But, he did care for all of the girls,
there was one he was in love with. He hid his feelings
for her cause she seemed to young, but she was now 15.
And they did say they had to keep the family blood
line going. He was in love with her, had been since he
first seen Tsunami. He knew they where connected
somehow, they looked and talked the same. He was in
love with Sasami. He couldn't help it...

"A new dimension of love.
A bold adventure waiting for you.
The true dimension of love.
A soaring flight. A dazzling view.

We're gonna take it all the way.
We'll make the dream so totally real.
See greater wonders by the day.
Then tell the stars what glorious rapture we feel"

It was dinner time now. So incredibly late. Sasami
didn't have enough vegetables so dinner had to be late
tonight. Tenchi and the girls sat down at the table.
Ayeka and Ryoko both sitting on both sides of Tenchi
and gazing at him. Sasami smiled at them all as she
brought in the food of chicken curry with spices.
Tenchi looked at it and smiled at Sasami, "Looks
delicious, Sasami." Sasami smiled and bowed, "Thank
you, Tenchi." She smiled at him again and sat down at
the table. Ryoko growled and looked at Ayeka, Ayeka
was glaring at Sasami. They knew Tenchi was starting
to get a little closer to her and it was pissing them
off. Washu just smiled at this. Sasami had long talks
with Washu about Tenchi. Washu knew the girl was to
shy to tell him her feelings so she just kept them
inside, but there was something else Washu knew. She
knew that Sasami and Tenchi where growing together and
soon, maybe, they would be together. She giggled at
this tought and everyone raised their eyes to her and
she looked at them, "What?"

"Soon, with the stars of Spring,
We'll know are hearts are changing.
Leave the hurt behind,
I'll be true and kind.
Be the best you'll ever find.

We don't ever have to cry or fight.
Something tells me we can make it right.
Enough of wandering far and wide.
I just can't forget you though I've tried...."

Sasami stood in the kitchen washing the dishes, when
Tenchi walked in holding Ryo-ohki. Sasami heard him
and turned around, then smiled, "Hi Tenchi, what are
you up to?" He smiled back at her,"Nothing much, do
you need me to dry the dishes?" "You..don't have
to..." she smiled, blushing a bit. He seen her blush
and stepped over, taking a dish towel and picking up a
plate. He looked down at her hands in the water. She
did this every night and still had beautiful hands.
She noticed him staring at her again and blushed.
Then, finally, they where finished. She bowed her
head, "Thank you, Tenchi." Tenchi hugged her and
smiled, "You're welcome.." She was so warm. He smiled
at her, and walked out of the kitchen. She stood
there, smiling and felt warm, oh so warm...

"This is destiny so why pretend?
Close your eyes kiss me once again.
I'll always be the only one you need.
So go where your deepest longing leads..

A new dimension of love.
A bold adventure waiting for you.
The true dimension of love.
A soaring flight. A dazzling view..."

It was night now. Everybody was asleep in their rooms.
Sasami didn't sleep with Ayeka anymore. She had her
own room now, but she couldn't sleep tonight. She
couldn't get her mind off him, "Oh Tenchi...." She
sighed and stood up. She didn't know what she was
doing. She stepped out her bedroom door and walked to
Tenchi's. Noticing its unlocked, she opens the door
and looks inside. She walked over to his bed and
kisses his forehead and whispers, "I'm in love with
you, Tenchi." Tenchi's eyes fluttered open and he
looked at her, stroking her cheek gently with his
hand, "I'm in love with you as well, my Sasami...."
Sasami closed her eyes when he pressed his lips to
hers. He pulled Sasami close to him and ran his hand
down her chest. Her eyes went wide and she blushed.
Tenchi looked at her eyes, "I want you Sasami..." She
smiled and reached down, untieing the knot in her
kimono sash. The sash fell and opened, exposing her
beautiful body. She didn't wear a bra at night. Tenchi
leaned down and pressed his lips to one of her breast.
Sasami closed her eyes and wrapped her arms around his
head and moaned as he began suckling. Her body
shivered from his touch when his hand ran down her
back. He stopped his suckling and looked up at her.
Her eyes where still closed. He smiled and brushed his
lips down her body, pulling her panties off with his
teeth. This surprised her. She gasped and blushed. He
looked up at her, "Open your legs, Sasami...It won't
hurt, I promise." He smiled and she was assured by it.
She parted her legs to expose her virgin vagina. He
pressed his lips to it and gently started to suck. She
moaned and  placed her hands on the back of his head.
Her body shivered hard again. She looked down at him,
then moved back, "Tenchi, I wish to pleasure you as
well." She smiled and Tenchi smiled back. He sat up on
the side of the bed and she sat down on her knees
infront of him on the floor. She pulled down his silk
boxers and blushed as she looked at his manhood. It
was hard and big. She picked it up in one of her hands
and gently kissed it. Tenchi flenched and leaned his
head back, placing a hand on the back of her head.
Sasami blushed and gently began suckling. Tenchi's
manhood was getting bigger to the point where it was
almost fully erect. Then he lifted her chin and looked
into her eyes, "Thats enough of that, Sasami. Please
lie down on the bed." Sasami stood up and lied down on
the bed, doing as she was told. Tenchi walked over to
her and kissed her lovingly and passionate and
whispered, "This will hurt at first, my love, but next
time it will be better." Sasami nodded and closed her
eyes. Tenchi then slowly pushed his manhood into her.
She cried out but then bit her lip, trying hard to
hold it in. She flentched again as he pulled out of
her and pushed back in. Sasami felt the tiny tears
fall from her eyes. Tenchi brushed them away and
whispered, "Do you want me to stop?" She shook her
head, "No, Tenchi, please don't stop." Tenchi nodded,
grinding his hips and tightening his abs as he gently
pushed in and out of her vagina. Sasami thought it was
painful at first, but then it started feeling
wonderful. She clutched his shoulders and wrapped her
legs around his waist. They both closed their eyes,
knowing they had found their soulmates.

"Soon, in the April breeze
We will bring alive the mem'ries
Yes I'm sure we will
Bring back every thrill
Make them all lovelier still

When the cherry blossom start to bloom
Meet me here in my lonely room
We'll find a passion filled fantasy
And this time you will stay with me..."

In the morning, Sasami woke up seeing Tenchi infront
of her. The pain between her legs where there, but she
ignored it and watched her lover sleep. She was glad
he loved her too and now they would be together, just
like she had wished for such a long time.

Meanwhile..

Washu stood outside the bedroom door and smiled. She
hadn't found Sasami in her room so she knew where
she'd be. Washu looked at her watch and smiled,
"3..2..1...!" She quickly threw open the door and
walked in, "Hello Sasami! Hello Tenchi! Sleep well!?"
Sasami sat up at the same time Tenchi did and Tenchi
growled, "Washu get out!" Washu smiled at Sasami, "You
have what you want. You have my blessings!" She smiled
and walked out of the room. Tenchi looked at Sasami
and smiled at her, kissing her cheek gently, "Did you
sleep well?" Sasami smiled and nodded, "Yes I did.."
Tenchi wrapped his arms around her and held her in his
arms, "I love you, my darling Sasami..." She smiled
and lied her head on his shoulder, "I love you, my
sweet Tenchi."

"All the misery that we knew before
Stays away when you are at my door
My heart will sing at ev'ry tender touch
And you will want me twice as much

We don't ever have to cry or fight
Something tells me we can make it right
Enough of wandering far and wide
I can't forget you though I've tried.."

3 months later

Sasami stood outside on the porch, Ryo-ohki in her lap
with a carrot in his mouth. Tenchi walked up to her
and smiled, laying a kiss on her soft lips, "Hello,
sweetie." Sasami smiled and looked at him. Ryoko and
Ayeka where angry when they found out what happened on
that fateful night. But now they had gotten over it
and where happy for Sasami and Tenchi. Tenchi
scratched the back of his head and looked at her, "I
have to ask you something, Sasami." The now 16 year
old looked at Tenchi and smiled, "What is it?" Tenchi
got down on his knee and opened a black box infront of
her. The box held a golden ring with a heart shapped
diamond in the middle, "Sasami, will you marry me?"
Sasami bit her lip to hold back her tears and hugged
Tenchi, "Yes! Of course I will!" He hugged her tightly
and kissed her gently.

"This is destiny so why pretend
Close your eyes kiss me once again
I'll always be the only one you need
So go where your deepest longing leads...."

The End

(God, I know I suck so don't get on my case for it
being so bad. Thank you and goodnight everybody! If
you have any questions or comments, e-mail me at
kaneanmataya@yahoo.com)