    ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Alrighty people its time for a decent Mihoshi/Kiyone lemon. But as always
I'll take a new twist to this =B
so har har if your into the regular lesbo acts. Oh ya I do not own these
people and this is a mature fanfic but
eh you will read it anyway! X.x so lets get going!

Dirty Cops
        "No no Mihoshi, don't! I can just get it fixed!" But as always, the
bumbling GP had now come
across something that needed help. This unlucky victim this time was
Kiyones' new laptop especially useful
for work. "Don't worry Kiyone, I'm sure I can fix it!" squealed the tanned
detective as she fooled around
with more adhesives and tools in Washus' lab, convinced in her abilities.
"Now where is it? It has to be
around somewhere" Mihoshi flicked back a strand of blonde hair and set to
work. Now that headache grew
once more in Kiyone's temple as she growled angrily again. "You wouldn't
need to fix it if you listen to
what I said" How could Mihoshi know eating, cooking, and typing all at the
same time couldn't be done
without some tragic accident?
        Well hard did Mihoshi try as her partner was secluded from the lab
room. "What's she doing down
there anyway?" Asked the mad genius Washu as she walked to Kiyone and the
door, which loud thinking
was heard from within. Kiyone sighed, "She's trying to fix something for me
EVEN when I told her not to
touch the laptop at all."  "Well I suppose it must be serious, what with
that dumb blonde not even paying
attention to the sign," Kiyone gave a questionable quirk then looked to the
sign with the GP detectives face
on it, and over it a big red circle with a red line going through it,
instantly having a few sweatdrops pour
out in frustration. As the time pass Kiyone temper rose. As she was now
banging onto the hard wood door
with her fist "MIHOSHI GET OUT THE BASEMENT NOW BEFORE I..." The next few
words were
muffled bye  a swinging door in Kiyone jaw, Causing her to hit the floor in
a instant with a wail of pain.
And out step Mihoshi with the damaged electronic looking good as new, well
if you looked around the
masking tape here and there on the screen. "Finished Kiyone!" beamed Mihoshi
with a near idiotic grin on
her face. This was too hard to believe, or focus on as Kiyone shook her head
a bit from the hit. "What? Let
me see this." Kiyone stood up and yanked the laptop from Mihoshi's hands
with a sneer of doubt. "Hm,
Well the crack doesn't show.." Kiyone looked  more closely as well Washu ,
who was amazed at the fact
that of all people Mihoshi did something right for a change. "Yep Yep! All
it took was a few spare parts,
glue, and a shiny rod thing for a battery!" Mihoshi spoke on. Kiyone was
indeed impress for once. Her
partner finally fixed her own mistakes "Well..sorry for yelling at you
earlier on Mihoshi, you're pretty
competent" She apologize as Kiyone looked for the on switch. "Wait a
minute...shiny rod?" Washu
interrupted. "Where did you get that from Mihoshi?" The blonde girl only
gave a small shrug of honesty.
 "I saw it in that huge tube with the skull and crossbones on it?" "AHHH!!!
MIHOSHI THAT ISNT A
BATTERY THAT'S!" Kiyone flicked on the switch as Washu was about to finish.
"Ha?"

"DANGER! DANGER! CDHDAOPBHOEHOA GOBBLES!!!"
KA-BLAMMO!

".uranium." Washu coughed out the last word, as she began to peel her self
off the wall she was blasted
into. Kiyone was in a state of tears as she noticed the lab that self
detonated  itself now disintegrate into
dust." MIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHSOSHI!!!!!" On hearing her name yelled in rage
Mihoshi stared on the from the
blast, her face covered in black soot like Kiyone and Washu. "um...heh heh.
Kiyone I had no idea that was-
EEEEE!!" And off The detective went sprinting down the hall like a scared
puppy. "MIHOSHI GET
BACK HERE!" Kiyone also took off in pursuit after Mihoshi in a burst of rage
and with a head of steam.
"Cmon Kiyone it was a accident!!" Cried the bronzed girl as she took a sharp
turn flailing and slipping the
way out. "YA THE LAST ACCIDENT YOUR GONNA EVER HAVE, MIHOSHI!!!" Having put
up with her partners'
accident too long Kiyone finally leaped forward and grasped tackled Mihoshi
into a two-gal tumble. Slip
and slide went the GP tornado into the living room, screaming and arguing
increasing each second. As it,
ended Kiyone pinned Mihoshi to the floor  still in her semi madness. "GOT
YOU! YOU
BUTTERFINGERED KLUTZ!" As they slide more forward until the rug stopped
them. "Er...Kiyone?"
Mihoshi looked up to the detective's face a bit concerned "You should get
off me. people might think
were well.." "WELL WHAT!" Kiyone interrupted Mihoshi shouting, causing the
girl to wince a little
"Well.funny." If they already did not seem strange to most, Sure enough Aeka
and Ryoko actually
peeled their eyes off the T.V screen long enough to see Kiyone ontop of
Mihoshi.  Numerous sweatdrops
poured out of the blue-hair girl. "Ahh! Screw it!" Kiyone released Mihoshi
wrist and threw the fist down at
the girls' face. Mihoshi let out a yelp and moved her head before the
blurred punch reached her button nose.
Kiyone retracted her hand in pain having it nail a dent in the floor.
"AHHHH!!" The bronzed girl took the
time to push over Kiyone and take off once more. Kiyone picked her self up
and chased after her once
more, now being lead back into the basement again. "hey..stop.you two" Washu
had now crawled out of
the hole towards the door.  But now Kiyone was going to end this cat and
mouse game as she corned
Mihoshi on a wall. "Oh no...eee! Kiyone don't hurt me!" Mihoshi begged as
she looked around for an exit
"Great. Now this headache I've been having ever since I met you is going to
go away" Kiyone walked
forward with her eyes burning a hole in Mihoshi "Headache?.." The clumsy GP
though as she looked to her
left again seeing a couple pills. Bingo! "I can fix your headache Kiyone!"
she latched her palms onto the
spare pills on the shelf. "Ha? No I don't mean a re-HEY!" Kiyone mouth was
soon shoved of the green
tinted pills Mihoshi  made her swallow down. Kiyone gave a sick face and
gulped them. "There. You feel
better now?" Asked her partner who had the innocent face on once more.
"Um.yes for some reason."
Kiyone could actually smile having those pains go away but now her body was
reacting funny. Soon she
made the dreaded. "pee dance" "AHH DAMNIT MIHOSHI!" was her last words as
she ran out the room
biting her lip so hard it could bleed.
        "Wonder if that worked?" though the blonde girl as she stepped out
as well. Kiyone reached the
bathroom in seconds and shut the door. "Oh damnit what's wrong with me now?"
she unzipped her white
jeans and just closed her eyes, calming down a bit. "What am I going to do
with that ditz? She is so lazy,
incompetent, noisy" Oh the words went on and on as she kept going. "She
needs discipline.she needs to
be useful.She..hey why am I standing up?" That and the slow dripping sound
woke Kiyone up and
forced her to look down. Okay. She was going in the toilet.
"But.im..not...sitting.dooowwnnn OH MY
GOD I HAVE A DICK!!!" Kiyone mentally  roared out confused holding the 9inch
in her palms all this
time "What the fuck happened!? IM A FREAK!? THOSE--PILLS!" Of course,
Mihoshi had caused Kiyone
another gray hair, but this one was running way down to her pubics. .
Staring at urine come out two ways
was becoming a bit disgusting. So she just pressed it back in, but now she
could stare at the huge bulge
forcing  her fancy panties to expand. "oh god this is too much why me?.IM
going to get her this tim--
EEP!" At the thought of Mihoshi the new girl penis stretched out in Kiyone's
jeans. "Ahh jeez!  What's with
this thing." She spoke under her breath, if anyone knew of this they would
be scared out of their minds of
it. Now the erection was beginning to cause a small twinge of pain. "oh
well.." Kiyone thought,"Until I tell
Washu about it...why not make a negative a positive?" In small chance of
succeeding this, Kiyone decided
to keep quiet about it until late at night, so she closed her door when
entering it and whipped out the new
organ once more, giving it a few looks over.
        "zzzzzz....zzzzz" Mihoshi dozed once more infront of the TV, near
slipping off the couch.
Kiyone sneaked out the area into the living room quietly, noticing the
static on the T.V set. Creeping to her
partner The officer wanted to make sure she was knocked out.
"Mihoshi?...Mihoshi are you awake?" No
answer. Good. Kiyone watched as each breath made the bronze girls breasts
heave up each time, waking up
her new body part in no time. Without a flinch, Kiyone worked her hands onto
Mihoshi's shirt flipping it up
easily. Carmel mounds bounced out without any imprisonment of a bra, instead
of a normal confused look,
Kiyone stared in awe. "Wow...these are massive.." Without a second thought
she snaked her hands under
the left one and begin to rub it, a small moan emitted from the bronze GP,
but increased her breathing a bit
as Kiyone began to rub both of them at the same time. The blue tressed
Kiyone saw her partners' nipples
also stiffen as a result, she slowly placed one leg over Mihoshi side now
sitting on her. Bending down she
cupped the erected pink nub into her mouth and licked it without hesitation.
All the treatment on the top
heavy Mihoshi caused her to stir and moan a little more, but was still sound
asleep. Kiyone now had a grin
on her face as she released the nipple from her mouth, having excess spit
still keeping them together, and
progressed lower. A few seconds and Kiyone found her partners' button on her
pants, which she quickly
ripped off. The hint of white under them made The police girls smile near
Cheshire like, pushing Mihoshi
pants right off to show her bare legs and the white panties she wore. Kiyone
index poked onto the top of the
panties on the head of the small penguin on it, Making another moan gasp
from Mihoshi. "She is such a
child" Thought Kiyone about her cute undies, which she pulled to her left to
show Her partners pedals, now
slick with wetness. She must really be enjoying this as much as Kiyone was,
as she knelt off Mihoshi and
stuck her face onto the pussy.  She wonder what would happen if she were
too. Up came a long...torturous
lick on the lovetunnel, causing an instant shriek of surprise in return from
Mihoshi, who soon grabbing out
to nowhere, latching on some of the couch. Kiyones' pink muscle traveled
around inside Mihoshi, coming
out once and again over the top and diving in. Even the pokes of her fingers
Mihoshis'  rather shocking,
true blonde pubic hair, cause the girls' legs to sprawl around with almost
loud whimpers. "zz ..,Oh..ooooh!"
That did it. The blonde hair Mihoshi had her limit, one loud moan and she
gushed helplessly in orgasm,
spraying in Kiyone's face with her liquids." Huh? mmmph!" Kiyone was caught
off guard by the mess her
partner just made, but let it all splash on her face, or catch whatever she
could in her mouth letting it gulp
down happily. "Well.Wakey, Wakey, Mihoshi. "The quiet utter Kiyone spoke as
she looked over to see
her coming too.
"Wha..What??" Half-naked and all Mihoshi feel right off the couch at the
sudden look of
Kiyones' face in a thud. "KIYONE!?"She shouted, but through mid-word
Kiyone's hand clasped around her
mouth. Kiyone was silent with a grin on her face as she replaced Mihoshi
spot on the couch with herself.
"No sleep for you 'Hoshi" Kiyone than grabbed the back of the blonde girl's
head in a grip, pressing her
bronze face into the crotch of her shorts. "Kiyone? Kiyone what are you
talking about? What...Why" She
wanted to scream, muffled between Kiyone's legs. ".Undo them with your
teeth.now." Silent, but stern
as well, a voice Mihoshi knew too well that Kiyone was serious. She made a
gulp and pressed her teeth
onto the metal zip, slowly pulling down. What she got in reward was Kiyone's
new harden length pressed
into the side of her face, almost poking out the left eye. Mihoshi was in
silent terror, breathing becoming a
bit rapid at the site. "K..Kiyone!? Kiyone grin came back again, as she
pushed her waist up a bit to let her
meat slide on Mihoshi's face. "Thanks for giving me those pills, Mihoshi.
They got rid of my headache, but
look what I got in return." Her grip tightened around the back of her
partner's head, right in those blonde
strands of the quivering GP. ".Remember that tape I made you watch? Of the
guy and the girl back in the
Yagami?" Mihoshi was still a trembling a little, keeping her mouth shut
tight as Kiyone began to probe her
lips with the cock, hesitantly nodding. "Good. Guess what your gonna do?"
The Cyan tressed police girl
knew a little secret to get her mouth open, even though Mihoshi kept it
closed. Her hand traveled down her
chest a bit, getting to her natural tanned massive globes. In a split
second, she squeezed one playfully hard,
forcing a yelp out of her. "ee!-mmph!" A confused daze replaced the look of
fear on Mihoshi's face. Inches
of Kiyone being crammed into her mouth. A moment passed, numerous thoughts
swirled in her
head.what could she of done?" Kiyone looked down in Mihoshi's sincere eyes,
submissive maybe. She
could see blonde strands bob near her and back slowly with sloppy audible
sounds of sucking. She let out a
breathy pant and took that hold off her partner's head, placing them lightly
on the top. Mihoshi tried to keep
up the rhythm of pleasing her partner, sliding her tongue around the meaty
flesh, trying hard not to bite
down. She let the whole thing come out her mouth, holding the rod carefully
in her hands as she serviced
the head better. Kiyone moaned lazily with a wider smile "That's...pretty
good Mihoshi" But it changed to
a smirk. "I guess you watch that tape more often.don't you..." she stopped
with a  breath. "Slut?" those
words made Mihoshi pick up her pace, feeling the head of it bulge in her
slippery mouth. All the sounds
and attention on her made Kiyone grit her teeth with wincing eyes.
"Uwhaaa.going  to..!" With a sharp
moan, she splurged out onto Mihoshi face with hot gushing semen. Mihoshi
nearly gagged on what shot
into her mouth, pulling out Kiyone's tool from her mouth. More of it
spluttered onto her cheeks and button
nose, dribbling down onto her breasts. Sky blue eyes looked right into
Kiyones' with a mouth full of cum,
showing her gulp hard the salty goodness down her buttery throat. "Its.very
warm" She made a small,
hiccup of shock, embarrasing her self a bit.
        Seeing Mihoshi's cute face blushing was all Kiyone needed to get
hard again. "Now Mihoshi..."
Kiyone dangerous grin returned. "Get up...and go to the couch" Kiyone
pointed to where she wanted Mihoshi
to go, which she did. Kiyone followed, tossing Mihoshi over the end on the
side of the couch, now leaving her
ass up infront of Kiyone. Mihoshi shuddered like she was cold
"K-Kiyone?...are you?" "You bet Mihoshi!"
She answerd, placing her phallus ontop of the tan butt cheeks of her
parther."This is going to be too good.
Kiyone was almost salivating at the beautiful body infront of her...letting
the penis slide down Mihoshi's crack
and down to the hot area that awaited it. "Nice and soft...Mihoshi?..hm?"
She teased. Mihoshi's face rubbed the
couch as she turned her head. "Please Kiyone!..yessss.."
        "How about..."Kiyone hand reeled backward..and landed onto the right
cheek of her tan friend, making
 a small *thwap!* sound, causing Mihoshi to moan out. "I give it to you the
way you want it, slut?" She drove the
cock into the small area, causing excess wetness to slip out in the tight
slit. Mihoshi.Went.Beserk.
        "Aah..aaaah!!" she wailed, her hands tighting on the side of the
couch cushions with her face down
into it, smelling her own musk of sweat and body fluids from her breasts.
Kiyone also let out a moan of gratifactation
now pumping wildly into her. gripping onto Mihoshi's ass cheeks tightly.
"oh..OH Mihoshi!" The sound of flesh
smacking wet flesh filled the living room, Mihoshi's song of extacsy drowing
it out. "oh gawwwwd Kiyone!" She
forced her legs to keep apart for Kiyone as she pumped, teeth gritting hard.
"Your so tight!..ooooh!" The blue hair
Kiyone wanted more, leaning her self even more inside her parther, she
snatched her left hand around Mihoshi's shoulder
and giving more thrust. "KIY-*hic*ONE! Oh..*hic* *hic* KIYONE!" The twisted
love making had forced hiccups in
Mihoshi's throat, her babbling cut short with a choke. The pounding
increaced, placing the blonde girl onto her tan tippy
toes, her whole body aching in spasms. Kiyone did slow down however, feeling
her limit arise,turning Mihoshi onto herback
 Mihoshi was even more back and continuing to fuck her to a quivering mass
of sweat. Mihoshi was even more
insanly on that brink."AAAAAAAAAH *hic* KIYONE ITS GONNA HAPPEN! DONT SLOW
DOWN!"
"Me too,Mihoshi!" Kiyone grabbed for her partner shapley legs, clinging on
for dear life as she was about to pump
her "love semen". "oh GAW-*hic* Mihoshi finally had a pleasure overload,
springing up to latch her arms around Kiyones neck
and screamed her lungs out in release, over and over...it seem to last a
whole 3 minutes. She finally gave out, collapsing in a
mass of quivers and twitches in Kiyone's arms. Kiyone also gave into the
pressure, spraying her "semen" onto the pedals of
the near unconcious girl and onto her body. "K-Kiyone.." Mihoshi's cute face
bunched up as she was still recovering. All Kiyone
did was smile, locking her lips onto her partner...lover's lips.
        "Sleep Tight. Lovely."
        "K..Kiyone...?"
        "H..hey!?" It was morning already and as if Washu was like a robot
that never slept, she was toiling around her work
shop. "I knew I had them on this shelf!" Kiyone, who was a morning person
time to time, Was making her way over to the
kitchen. "Watch'ya looking for Washu? "These pills...Aeka and Ryoko wanted
me to make, Once Tenchi came back from Tokyo
they wanted him to drink something with these pills I created, to send his
sexual agression into overload"
        "Ooh Really?"
        "Yeah. But they where still an expiriment...Im not sure what would
happen if one of us took It"
        Kiyone giggled as if she was guilty. "Well who knows? Have you seen
Mihoshi"
        "Thats another thing!" Washu blurted. "What in the world is Mihoshi
doing up so early? The lazy thing went
straight to the Yagami to go get something." Kiyone had a good idea what it
was...videotapes, maybe?

whoo! im so sorry for getting this out so late X Xand if it seems a bit
rushed Im sorry! coming soon: 3 times the action!
