'Doubted Love' Part 1

Disclaimer: Well I'm sorry to say I don't own any on the Tenchi Muyo
characters..so whatever you do please don't sue me.

WARNING LEMON CONTENT..IF YOU ARE UNDER *18* DO NOT READ!!


Aeka watched as the jewel of her heart slept peacefully beside her. The rise
and fall of Ryoko's chest could be seen through the red, thin satin sheets
that covered her. The love that Aeka felt for this space pirate was
overwhelmingly strong. When they had first met, Aeka had a deep hatred for
the demon, but as time went by her feeling softened and soon she began to
almost like Ryoko. Now, she loved the woman that has showed her pleasure and
happiness she had never known.  Aeka was so deep in thought that she didn't
notice that Ryoko had awakened and was looking at her. The Cyan haired woman
stared at the Princess that she had once so longed to kill, and now had
grown to love. A ruthless space pirate and the crowned Princess of Jurai who
would have thought they would have become lovers, no one.  Ryoko reached up
and gently brushed her fingers across Aeka soft cheek startling Aeka.

"What wrong?" Ryoko whispered. Aeka looked at Ryoko and as she did a single
tear trickled down her cheek.
"I love you," Aeka gave a weak smile.
"Is that a bad thing?" Ryoko slowly sat up, and as she did the sheets slid
off her body exposing her soft rounded breasts. "Is that what's bothering
you?" Ryoko asked.
"No my love, it's not a bad thing," Akea reached up and caressed the side of
Ryoko's face reassuring her. Ryoko pressed Aeka's  hand to her cheek, turned
her head slightly and kissed the palm of Aeka's hand.
"That's good babe, cause I love you too," Ryoko smiled, "now let's sleep."
Aeka layed back down and rested her head on Ryoko's shoulder, but couldn't
fall asleep. Instead, she listened to her lovers' soothing breathing and
eventually, as night started to become day she dozed off.
Aeka woke to find herself alone in the bed. Today her thoughts weighed
heavily on her, something was bothering her but she couldn't quite figure it
out. She got dressed, and made the bed. The smell of breakfast made her
mouth water and her stomach grumble.

"Food sounds like a good thing right now," she said outloud. Quickly
glancing in the mirror for a glimpse of herself she headed downstairs. As
she neared the kitchen she heard the others talking and laughing.
"Hey Tenchi, how about me and you go out and wrestle later on?" Aeka heard
Ryoko say. For some reason there was a twinge of jealousy but she quickly
shrugged it off. Building up her courage and putting on a happy face she
entered the kitchen.
"Good morning Aeka, how did you sleep?" Tenchi asked smiling.
"Good morning Lord Tenchi. I slept peacefully," she lied.
"Sister! I saved some for you, Ryoko wanted to eat it and I said it was for
you. But I felt bad and gave her a little bit of it. Is that ok?" Sasami
asked with a worried look on her face.
"Of course it is Sasami," she said smiling. Then her smile faded as she
looked at the Demon seated across from her, "Even the scum of the universe
has to eat." Aeka then sat down and began to eat her breakfast without
another word. The others around her were a bit stunned at the insult but
they made nothing of it.
Ryoko on the other was quite taken back. Aeka hadn't insulted her in days
and all of a sudden now she's picking back up the habit. Although the remark
had hurt, she, like the others didn't think to deeply into it.

-LATER ON THAT DAY-

Ryoko was in her mother's lab, floating/sitting in the air indian style. "So
mother what do you think?"
"To tell you the truth little Ryoko, I'm not sure," a smile crept on Washu's
face, "but if you get her in here I can find out," She lightly tapped a pen
her newest mind reading invention.
"Aeka won't take to lightly to that mother," Ryoko said scowling, "and plus
i don't think I take lightly to it either,"
Sighing Washu tapped a few button on her laptop and the invention
disappeared. "My daughter has no sense of humor at all."
"Hmm, can you tell me where she is right now?" Ryoko asked ignoring her
mother's last comment.
"I am the greatest scientific genius in the world ya know," Washu replied as
a screen appeared out of no where and in the center of that screen was Aeka
standing near her tree lost in thought.
"I think I'll suprise her," Ryoko grinned wickedly.
"Be careful my daughter," Washu warned as Ryoko was leaving her lab.

Aeka was lost somewhere in her mind, images and shapes floated past her.
Memories flew by in little boxes with buttons on them as if to open them to
gain access. Some were good others were bad..some of them were just down
right naughty. As if by some unseen force a box of memories with Ryoko's
face on the appeared in front of her. Subconsciously she pressed the buttons
and the memories begain to flood back to her.  She smiled when she
remembered the day when she and Ryoko first kissed.....

"Come on Princess quit being such a stuck up snob and have another
drrrinnk," Ryoko passed the bottle of sake under Aeka's nose.
"I..unlike you..Miss Space Demon...i know when to stop drinking," Aeka
grabbed the bottle of sake and took a big gulp.
"Haha! The princess is finally stepping out of her closet!" Ryoko playfully
punched Aeka on her arm.
"Dear Demon don't touch me again. Unlike you I like to stay clean!" Aeka
swayed back and forth on the couch.
"Hmph!" Ryoko crossed her arms and tried to look at the televison, but the
alcohol was bluring her vision. "You know you're a real bitch when you drink
Princess."
Aeka giggled and gave Ryoko a drunken look, "I know!!" In a matter of
seconds both girls were laughing uncontrollably.
"Hey I've got an idea," Aeka said suddenly, her laughter fit immediatly
dissapating. "I bet you the rest of the sake, I can kick your pirate ass
without using any of my Jurian powers."
"Princess, be serious. You're drunk clearly, and plus you can't kick my ass
no matter what." Ryoko gave a little chuckle as she closed her eyes and
tipped her head back against the couch.
"Come on Ryoko, or are you chicken?" Aeka taunted.
"Please Princess, you of all people should know I am not chicken." Ryoko
breathed in deeply, she could feel herself starting to doze off.
"Fine be that way," Aeka said. But under her breath she added, "I'll do it
anyway." She moved quickly for being drunk, and before she even knew it she
was straddling Ryoko. Jolted out of her drunken sleep, Ryoko opened her eyes
to see Aeka on top of her smiling.
"What the hell do you think you're doing brat?" Ryoko was getting a bit
angry.
"Proving to you I can kick your ass," Aeka said
"Is it ok if I let you win?" Ryoko asked sleeply.
"No, I want you to fight back..if you can," Aeka grinned and pinned Ryoko's
arms to her side.
"Well the Miss Aeka, if you want a fight you'll have one," Ryoko quickly
gave a thrust of her hips and threw Aeka of to the side of the couch. Before
Aeka could even blink an eye Ryoko was on top of her straddling her.
"My how the tables have turned," Ryoko grinned with triumph.
"You don't weight as much as you look Ryoko," Aeka smiled back.
"Oh yeah?"
"Mm-Hm"
"Well uh, guess what Princess I win."
"No, actually I won"
"Princess," Ryoko rolled her eyes as she let go of Aeka's arms which she was
pinning down, "when are you going to admit defeat?"
"I always get what I want," The tone in Aeka's voice changed. It was lower,
more seductive. Ryoko noticed it and her eyes widened. But before she could
do anything Aeka  leaned forward putting her weight on her elbows and
lightly brushed  her lips against Ryoko's. A tiny electrical shock went
through Ryoko's body, and a slight throbbing began in the pit of her
stomach.
"Aeka..I...." Ryoko started but was cut short by Aeka's mouth on hers. The
sake Aeka had been drinking gave her kiss a sorta sweet taste. Slowly
Ryoko's hands cupped the sides of Aeka's face deepening the kiss, as the
heat between them escalated Aeka slowly leaned back not daring the break the
kiss.  Their tongues played with eachother and soon enough their hands began
to roam eachothers body..........

"There you are my love."
Aeka was jolted back to the real world, she quickly blinked away the tears
that were begining to gather in her eyes. She felt Ryoko's arms circle
around  waist and Ryoko's body touching her back.
"You startled me Ryoko," Aeka leaned into Ryoko, feeling somewhat safe and
yet in harms way.
"God, do you know how beautiful you are?" Ryoko softly kissed Aeka's exposed
neck, "I love your eyes, your mouth, your lips..your body, your fiesty
little ways." Ryoko could feel the heat within her rising. "I love you Aeka,
and I wouldn't mind being with you for an eternity.  Even if you are a
bratty little princess," Ryoko smiled at her last comment.
"We need to talk Ryoko" Aeka slowly turned to face the golden eyed space
pirate.
"Hmm, not to answer I was hoping to get," Ryoko said matter of factly, "but
tell me what's on your mind. Here, lets sit" Ryoko held Aeka's hand guiding
her down as she sat on the lush green grass that surround Aeka's tree. "Talk
to me, Love."
Not sure where to start Aeka was silent for a few minutes. Finally after
what seemed like an hour (which was only about 2 minutes) she started to
speak. "You do know I love you right Ryoko?"
"Yes.....is anything wrong?" A confused worried look washed upon Ryoko's
face.
"Just listen, and don't talk," Aeka took Ryoko's hand into her own and gave
it a gentle squeeze. "I've never felt like this about anyone in my entire
life," She paused while she gave her speech a little more thought. The whole
time Ryoko stared at her intently. "Ok..Umm, you've showed me things I've
never thought possible, you've made me feel things I didn't know I could
feel, and oh god how I love you for that! All that time I spent chasing
after Lord Tenchi I could have spent with you, experiencing you. Instead of
fighting with you I could have been making love to you. For all the nasty
things I've said to you I am deeply sorry, for all the times I've hurt you,
I'm sorry."
"I...." Ryoko started to speak but Aeka held up her hand and silenced her.
"Ok what i'm trying to say Ryoko is...that..well..." Aeka took a deep breath
and tried to supress the tears she knew were going to come. "I love you more
than I have ever loved anything in the world, I would gladly die in a
heartbeat for you, no questions asked. Today, Ryoko sitting here with you,
I'm telling you I'm giving my heart, my body, and my soul to you. You have
me entirely Ryoko, please tell me, do I have you also?"
"....." Ryoko remained silent.
The tears that was being with held for so long finally broke free and was
now streaming down Aeka's cheeks. "Please Ryoko answer me," Aeka released
Ryoko's hand and turned away from her lover. "This was a bad idea, I'm..I'm
sorry I should have kept it to myself."

-THE THOUGHTS GOING THROUGH RYOKO'S HEAD-

"Jesus, she loves you!"
"I know that you moron"
"The why are you being silent?!? She thinks you don't feel the same for
her!!"
"But I do feel the same way for her!"
"Well then, quit playing dumb and tell her that"
"I..I..don't know what to say"
"Say 'you've always had me from the begining'"
"Will she believe me?"
"I'm not sure, but you better say something fast cause she getting up!!"

-BACK IN THE REAL WORLD-

"Aeka," Ryoko grabbed Aeka's hand to prevent her from walking away.
"You've given me your answer Ryoko, I understand and..."
"No, you don't understand, I love you more than anything Aeka. These past
months being with you, sharing my body with you has been the happiest I can
remember being. To make love to you at night is the most wonderful thing I
can think of to do at night, " A sly smile washed across her face, "but
what's even more wonderful than that, is to see you the first thing when I
wake up in the morning."
"But..." Now it was Ryoko's turn to silence Aeka.
"Aeka, you have my heart, my body, and my soul forever. From the moment we
first kissed, you've had me. And by the way that was a very memorable night.
Please, you have no reason to doubt my love. And if ever there is moment
that you do, let me know...just like you did today. Now you can talk" Ryoko
stood up to meet her lover's eyes.
"I want so badly to believe you Ryoko, but my mind is being torn. I love you
soo much but I don't want to get hurt." Aeka shut her eyes and hung her head
down.
"What do I have to do to show you that I would never hurt you? That I will
always love you?" Ryoko features hardened, she was getting a bit frustrated.
So she did the only thing she could think of. She put a finger underneath
Aeka's chin and slowly raised her head up, "Maybe this will convince you,"
She brought her mouth down on Aeka's, softly, only lets her lips brush up
against Aeka's. Then her mouth opened partly and she kissed Aeka's top lip
and then moved down to her bottom lip. Then she began to trace a path of
kisses on her jaw bone until she reached Aeka's ear. Softly she whispered,
"Do you still need more proof?" Aeka remained quiet, but she moved in closer
to Ryoko, pressing her body against Ryoko's. "I'll take that as a yes,"
Ryoko took Aeka's earlobe into her mouth and gently sucked on it, then she
blew her hot breath against it causing a shiver to run thoughout Aeka's
body. Slowly Aeka's arms rose up and rested on Ryoko's well shaped hips, her
eyes were closed and a soft 'ahh' escaped from between her soft lips.
As Ryoko continued on her quest of proving to Aeka that she loved her,
Tenchi had stumbled upon their little get together. He was shocked at first
and then slowly came to understand all the unusual behavior that's been
going on the house the past few months. There was no more destructive
fighting, no more Ryoko appearing in the bathroom to give him a 'good
morning', no nothing. He watched as Ryoko slowly eased Aeka's kimono from
her smooth shoulders, he knew it was wrong of him to spy but he was a man
and well, what man could resist watching the two most beautiful women in the
universe make love to eachother?
Silently he watched as Aeka was led to lay down. Her kimono was now the
'bed' for the two women to make love upon. Still dressed, Ryoko layed on top
of Aeka's her palms at each side of Aeka's arms holding her weight. Ryoko
showered Aeka's body with kisses, she moved from Aeka's neck down to the
valley between her ample breasts and then to her flat tummy. At this point
Tenchi was begining to feel guilty about watching the private moment between
the women so  as quietly as he came he left.
Ryoko smiled to herself as she sensed Tenchi's presense leaving. 'I wonder
what's going through his head?' She thought to herself. The touch of Aeka's
fingers scratching her shoulder blades brought her back to the task at hand.
"Mmmm..." Aeka arched the bottom half of her body upward to meet Ryoko's
mouth. The Intense feeling that rocketed throughout her body left her almost
gasping for air, she squeezed her eyes tightly shut and began to see light
exploding in front of her. She thrust her hands into Ryoko's thick hair and
held her head firm against her point of pleasure. Soon enough the bright
light see began seeing started to become brighter and brighter. Though her
eyes were closed Aeka thought the light would blind her, the tension from
the pit of her stomach begain building and building. Inside her she saw a
bomb, and the bomb was counting down to an enormous explosion with
devastating yet beautiful results. Her breathing started to become ragged
and she was now only resting on her shoulders, she had arched her lower body
atleast half a foot off of the ground. Only five seconds remaining on the
clock.....4...3...2....1....Ryoko felt Aeka's body tense up and the muscles
in her legs tighten. Aeka's hands now had a vise like grip on the back of
her head, she knew Aeka was climaxing.

-AT THE DINNER TABLE-
Everyone was talking and laughing, Ryoko and Aeka were getting along *oddly
enough*..and Tenchi had a grin on his face since he first saw the Princess
after Ryoko had her way with her.
Tenchi was glowing with mischievousness inside, he knew Aeka's big secret
and he felt somewhat powerful knowing it. In a way he was somewhat jealous,
the girls were supposed to be in love with him not eachother, but then again
he was happy to get the attention away from him. Tenchi couldn't help
himself he had to say something. "So Miss Aeka how was your afternoon?"
Aeka coughed as she was drinking her tea,"Uh, umm..I..it was a pleasant
afternoon Lord Tenchi, very relaxing."
Tenchi smiled, "I'm sure it was," he turned to Ryoko, "what about you Ryoko,
did you have a pleasant afternoon also?"
"I had a wonderful afternoon Tenchi," Ryoko winked at Tenchi something which
he was not expecting.
"You were gone all afternoon Sister, where were you?" Sasami looked at her
sister with those innocent eyes of hers.
"Yeah, Aeka where were you?" Ryoko smiled at Aeka teasing her.
"You were gone for quite some time Aeka, did you go for a walk?" Tenchi
glanced at Ryoko and caught her smiling at him. 'She knows that I know!' He
thought, 'Hmm...I could have some fun with this'
Aeka was getting rather flustered by the line of questioning so she answered
quite flatly, "Sasami, I went for walk, and came home, nothing else."
"Sounds like fun Aeka, are you sure you didn't do anything else?" Ryoko
taunted the Princess.
"What I do in my spare time is none of your concern Ryoko!" Aeka snapped.
"Girls, girls, I swear you fight like a married couple," Tenchi  was on the
floor laughing in his mind. He knew that shocked the hell out of Aeka, he
could tell by the way the color drained from her face and look she had. She
looked like a deer caught in headlights.
"Hahaha..oh Tenchi that was a killer!!" Ryoko was laughing so hard that it
brought tears to eyes.
Tenchi's remarks had struck Aeka as odd, and she couldn't get over the
feeling that he knew something was going on between Ryoko and her. But when
he mentioned marriage a thought popped into her head. 'Marriage might not be
a bad thing' she thought, 'I'll have a nice quiet Earth marriage..my parents
won't know..Juria won't know..I'll keep a good face with my people. Now, I
wonder if Ryoko will go along with it.....hmmmm"

                                           END

There we go folks...there is my third story..tell me what you think..flames
aren't welcome..but feel free to send them anyway..   ryoko_125@hotmail.com