disclaimer:i do not own tenchi or any of the tenchi characters, blah, blah,
blah, blah okay......cool...^_^

(Washu’s lab)---------”Yes! it’s almost complete!” Washu says wiith a sense
of completion in her voice.  “Those rotten good for nothin little brats!
they’ll all be sorry. Aaaaahahahahaah!!!!!

(dinner time, tenchi and the gang are all sitting around the dinner table
getting ready for
a fabulous feast prepared by sasami)


-----”gee, i wonder why washu hasn’t come down for dinner.” said yosho, in a
slightly dissapointed voice.


“i know, she’s been really busy lately,” said tenchi, “all cooped up in that
dark cold lab.  i could’ve sworn i heard several different people screeming
in agonizing pain!”

“oh, that was just me and aye--ow! ayeka that hurt!” screemed sasami.


“uuhh, she doesn’t know what shes talking about, i think she has turets or
something”
“Sasami!, i thought i told you not to mention what we do every night after
everyone goe’s to bed!” Ayeka whispered in sasami’s ear.

“oh, sorry Ayeka.”

“thats okay, just don’t let anyone find out, i’d hate to think about how
tenchi would react if he found out that i’m a-a-a child molester!”

“its okay ayeka, your secrets safe with me.”

(flash-back)

<sasami walks into ayekas room> “Ayeka.”

“what is it sasami”

<sasami walks over next to ayeka>


”today while i was picking carrots, a group of boy’s about my age surrounded
me and ripped off all my clothes and started feeling feeling my-my private
area’s.  I screemed and told them to stop but they wouldn’t! i was really
scared and i didn’t know what to do!they hurt me really really badly.”

<ayeka looked at sasami in shock>”show me where they hurt you.”

“o-okay” sasami replied in a trembling voice. <sasami slowly took off her
clothes and then removed her little pink panties with sailor moon on them. >

“eww!” ayeka replied in a discusted voice. “what exactly did they put inside
of, well you?

“they put these weird stick looking things attached to themselves into me.”

“here, let me clean you up” said ayeka.<as ayeka walked inside the bathroom
to get a wet washcloth to clean up sasami’s swollen clit, a sudden nasty
feeling came over her.  something about rape really made ayeka horny, aside
from the fact that she hasn’t gotten laid for over 800 years!>

<ayeka applied pressure on sasami’s sex, as sasami screemed with pain ayeka
wouldnt stop. a strange feeling came over ayeka and she kept pushing the wet
cloth into sasami’s now bleeding pussy>

“oo ayeka please stop! it hurts! it hurts!”sasami sceemed.  “shutup you
little bitch this will only take a second!” ayeka exclaimed. But deep down
ayeka knew that it wouldn’t take a second,she was gonna keep doing this
untill she didn’t know when.

“please ayeka stop!” <after 15 minutes ayeka stopped> “there! all better”
ayeka said as she smirked. “I’m gonna rape you sasami!” said ayeka with an
evil look in her eye.

“your gonna what!?” asked sasami more confused and scared than she’s ever
been.

<ayeka then put duck tape around sasami’s mouth and tied her down to her
four
poster. Sasami had tears in her eyes.  ayeka than began to strip herself
naked.

“now where did i put that----Aha! there it is” ayeka said as she strapped on
a 14 inch penis.

“i am now going to put this inside of you.” said ayeka, tears still pouring
out of sasami’s eyes.

<ayeka aimed the dick between sasami’s swollen bloody clit and began to fuck
her.>
<sasami tried to screem but her voice was blocked by the duck tape><ayeka
continued to hump sasami’s small pussy furiously.in and out ayeka went for
hours!
<ayeka then laid sasami on her stomach.  she tied sasami down into a
position
where sasami was bent over. “okay sasami, this is really going to hurt you!”
said ayeka with an evil smile on her face. ayeka opened up sasami’s asshole
and stuck 3 inches of the fake cock inside. Sasami screemed incredibly loud.
<smack!> ayeka slapped sasami in the face and told her to shut up or she’d
bring the whip out. ayeka put in another 3 inches. sasami screemed so loud
that it hurt ayekas ears.

“thats it!” she screemed, “after i’m done ass fucking you i’m gonna lash
you!
you little bitch!”

<and ayeka continued to hump sasami. sasami screemed with every hump ayeka
pumped her with. Blood was splurtting out of sasamis ass like a waterfall.
now blood was all over ayeka.>

“okay little sister, i think thats enough for tonight. i’m gonna release you
now,but if you dare tell anyone ESPECIALLY Tenchi, i will rape you ten times
harder. Do you understand!?”

<the words wich sounded enough like “okay” came out of sasami’s mouth
through
the duck tape.>

(preasent time: Washu’s lab)

There all gonna pay, every last one of them!
AAAAAAAAAHHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!!!!!!!


to be continued...

i’m sure i probably took a lot of you by suprise with the whole ayeka raping
and torchering her little sister , and i’m sure your all curious as to what
Washu ( my dream goddess) has in store for tenchi and the others. It will
all
be revealed in my next fics! i am open to comments,questions negetive or
positive, i love em all!!!!!
