Disclaimer: I own all of the Tenchi characters and pioneer is my fucking
company! got it?

                                        Chapter2: THE EROTIC TORTURE CHAMBER

(Washu's lab)----- "There, it's complete," said Washu as she wiped a
bit of
sweat off her eye brow. "It's a masterpiece! Truely some of my best work
ever. "Yeah Washu, your the greatest!" said Washu #1 "Ra ra ra
Washu!" said
Washu #2.  "The erotic torture chamber is finally complete!"

(LIVING ROOM)

"Ayeka, will you go to Washu's lab and tell her that dinner is ready
please?" said Sasami. "Oh, sure Sasami" said Ayeka.

As Ayeka walked towards Washu's lab, she couldn't help but feel slightly
scared, because Washu's been acting very stange the past couple of months.

<knock, knock> "Um, Washu, um, are you in there?" <knock, knock, knock>
3
minutes went by and Ayeka was feeling quite scared......she finally came up
with enough courage to open Washu's door about 4 inches and peeked inside.
She couldn't see much besides darkness and a few lights in the
distance......she proceeded to open the door and slowly walked in....she
walked down a narrow staircase lite by torches untill she came to a hallway
with several doors on each side, at the end of the hallway was a massive
door
with some demonic symbol on it. Ayeka was now trembeling with fear.She saw a
giant keyhole and thought to herself how dungeons and dragons like this
place
appeared to be. Then she heard a faint screeming voice... "no! please
don't
!stop it please! I have a wife...and kids...and....and...." Ayeka then
heard
Washu saying something but couldn't make out the words. Out of her natural
female nosieness, she peeked through the keyhole."gasp!!!" Ayeka covered
her
mouth with her hands in complete shock at the sight of what Washu was doing
to a middle aged man. "okay Ayeka , your just seeing things, there's no
way
what you just saw is what it appeared to be." Ayeka tried to tell herself.
S
he then braced herself to look into the hole again.....she almost fainted
at what she saw....Washu was circumcising the man with her teeth! Washu
looked like a demon, her teeth were pointed and sharp like a sharks, her
eyes
were completely red as she continued to tear at the poor mans dick. blood
was
everywhere. With the press of a couple of buttons, the machine that the man
was strapped to, formed his body into a "T" shape. Washu sat in what
appeared to be a thrown with a giant control panal in front of it. Washu
smirked as she put on a giant platnium crown with diamonds all over it on
her
head. She pressed a few more buttons and the machine shot out a fat leather
wip and began wipping the man.....Ayeka, still frozen with shock, decided
she'd seen enough and slowly took a few steps back...she tripped and fell
over one of the cracks in Washu's stone floor and fell. <crash!> Ayeka
fell
down on the hard floor with a loud bang. The noise made a loud echo
throughout Washu's giant Medevil looking dungeon. "Did you here
somethimg?"
said Washu with a satasfied smile on her face. But the only answer she could
get out of the man was a low groan of pain because he was wipped so many
times.

"I'm, gonna go check on that noise and leave you there to bleed to death
k?
Don't go anywhere now." said Washu silently laughing to herself.

Ayeka was so scared that she couldn't move. Washu opened the evil looking
door only to see pathetic little Ayeka frozen stiff.

"What the fuck are you doing here?!" Exclaimed Washu. "Oh um...um...i
was
just......um...oh yeah! I was just gonna tell you that dinner was ready!"
Ayeka said very happy that she remembered what to say. "Well just how long
have you been standing there?! How much did you see?!" "oh, I just got
here"said Ayeka looking guiltier than ever. "Well, what are we waiting
for,
let's go get some grub!"

Ayeka was very relieved that she got off so easily.

"So whats Sasami making for dinner?" Asked Washu, trying to break the
silence. " oh um..uh....salmon!" said Ayeka glad that she remembered
what to
say for the 2nd time.
"Well thats just great.  Um..that sounds pretty good." said Washu
struggling
to engage in conversation. "Yeah...uhh...it sure does" Ayeka replied
more
akwardly than ever.

After what seemed like hours, but was only 5 minutes went by, everyone was
sitting at the table and eating.  Things were very akward at the table
between Ayeka, Sasami, and Washu.

"Mmmmmm, this is very tasty Sasami." Said Mihoshi. "Oh yeah, it's
great!"
said the rest of the gang. "Yeah, yeah, yeah, blah, blah, blah
whatever...moving on to more important matters, like WHAT WASHU HAS BEEN
DOING IN THAT DARK LAB OF HERS ALL ALONE THESE PAST COUPLE OF MONTHS!"
said
Ryouko in a badgering tone of voice. "Yeah Washu what have you been
working
on all of this time?" Asked Kiyone. "Probably another disaster of
hers!"
said Ryouko. "I just know that I don't wanna be around when what ever
she's
making makes it's way into this house." "Nonsense, i'm sure that
whatever
Washu is making will be as delightful as she is." said Yosho. "giggle
giggle....you old people must have some sort of bond with each other."
said
Ryouko, stuffing her face with fried rice. "Thats it! you have insulted me
and this family enough Ryouko! I am getting sick and tired of your arragent
attitude and if you don't pull together your act, i will have to ask you
to
leave!"exclaimed Yosho. "Grandfather, don't talk to Ryouko that
way!"
"It's okay Tenchi, I was just Leaving!" shouted Ryouko.

Ryouko stormed out the door and was about to fly away when------

"Ryouko wait!" shouted Tenchi. "Come back!" "huh?" said Ryouko.

Ryouko was amazed at how Tenchi actually wanted her to come back.

"Ryouko, I have to talk to you." said Tenchi. "what about Tenchi?"
Said a
very curious Ryouko. "it's been really driving me crazy lately but ever
since i saw you....well, well i've alway's loved you.

This was too much for Ryouko, she could hardely stand on her own two feet!

"Are you serious?"asked Ryouko. "Yes my darling." said a very
nervous
Tenchi. "Here why don't we go somewhere where we can talk." suggested
Tenchi.

Tenchi and Ryouko walked to a nearby bar where Tenchi and Ryouko
coincedentally both go when they want to drain their problems. They both
engage in deep conversation about how Washu is alway's in her lab and how
they love each other so much.

"So my grandfather wants me to marry Ayeka so I can become successor to
the
thrown of Jurai." said Tenchi. "Big woop! my mother wants me to marry
Satan
so I can overpower him and become successor to hell! said Ryouko as she
downed a small cup of saki.

Another two hours pass and.......

"Well i'm bored, let's go home and have sex okay Tenchi?"
"Um...okay
Ryouko...but I must warn you, I don't have a very big........."

"Dick? oh thats okay i'll take care of that" said a very nonchalant
Ryouko.

All of the sudden, Tenchi felt his dick grow about an extra 6 inches and he
was quite amazed.

"uuuuhhh, Ryouko?" "Yes Tenchi?" "Is this permanet?" asked
Tenchi "Let's
just put it this way, you've got 4 hours to show me a good time, and if
your
as good as Ayeka dreams of you being...than you'll be almost good enough
for
me!"said Ryouko

Tenchi and Ryouko both burst out laughing.....

(BACK AT THE MASAKI RESIDENCE...)

"Sasami, you know what time it is?!" said Ayeka with a very evil smile.

Sasami almost burst into tears.

"Oh please Ayeka! not tonight...please! i beg of you!...my pussy is still
soooooo sore from the other night! please no!!!

Ayeka grabbed Sasami by the hair and pulled her all the way down the hall to
where her room was.

"Shuddup you little bitch!" exclaimed Ayeka. " I'm really pissed off
about
Lord Tenchi taking the side of that pirate tramp! and i'm gonna take it
all
out on you!" "Oh Ayeka, i'm really sorry about what happened with
Tenchi but
please don't do it to me tonight! PLEASE!"

Sasami tried all the reasoning she could to get out of her nightly chor, but
she would have to be a little more realistic, Ayeka has had an exceptionally
hard day today, and the better the day, the nicer Ayeka would take it out on
Sasami. Ayeka ripped off Sasami's clothes. That was the fifth pair she's
ripped in a week thought Sasami. But Sasami knew she had bigger things to
worry about.  Ayeka took off her own clothes and revealed the black leather
sex mistress outfit she would wear every time she tortured her sister. Ayeka
looked VERY sexy in it...her top sufficated her double D chest and her black
leather thong fit tightly around her clean shaven cunt. She also wore knee
high leather boots with red laces. Ayeka tied Sasami down to her 4 post bed
in the shape of an "X", so that Sasami's legs were wide open.

" okay Sasami, instead of the usual ducktape I have to use to shut your
little mouth, i'm gonna use the traditional ball gag."

Ayeka strapped the ball gag around Sasami's haed, wich completely muted
Sasami from trying to screem out in agonizing pain. Ayeka pulled out a wip
from her catwoman halloween costume she wore last year and began to snap it
just to intimidate Sasami. Ayeka then cocked her hand back, and lunged the
wip at sasamis bare pussy and slashed it.

"MMMMMMMMMMMNNNNNNNNNNHHHHHMMMMMMOOOOOONNNNNNNN!!!!!!!"Were the only
words
that could be heard coming from Sasami's mouth. " I knew it was a good
idea
to use a ball gag this time. Sasami....you better get used to the taste of
that ball gag because your gonna be wearing it for a long time."

Ayeka did one of her loud evil annoying laughs and cracked the wip at
Sasami's pussy another 23 times.Sasami's pussy was very swollen when
Ayeka
decided to do something differen't.

"I'm not getting enough pleasure out of this!" yelled Ayeka.

At that moment, Ayeka slide off her leather panties and massaged her pussy..

"oooooooo yes! mmmmmmm yes! oooooooo baby!"

Ayeka knew she was going to cum so she stood on top of her bed hoovering
over
sasami's body and just let it all flow out on Sasami. Sasami's body was
completely drenched with liquid. Ayeka then got on top of Sasami and
slithered up and down her body so that her fluids were evenly smeard
everywhere.Blood mixed with the fluids giving Sasami a pleasent shade of
pink.

"Okay Sasami, thats enough for tonight."

(TENCHI'S ROOM)

"Alright Ryouko, make yourself comfortable on my bed and i'm gonna go
take a
shower." Said Tenchi. "Okay my Tenchi" Said Ryouko in a soft sexy
voice that
she knew drove Tenchi wild.

(IN THE SHOWER)

Tenchi was looking down admiring his new cock with the biggest smile he had
ever had on his face before. He begain to jack off when he remembered that
he'd better save it for Ryouko. At the end of his shower Tenchi dried off
and
put on a pair of silk boxers.
(TENCHI'S ROOM)

Ryouko stood on all fours looking hotter than ever...her huge chest smiling
right at Tenchi. Her nipples were the color of her hair.

"Well Tenchi what are you waiting for?"said Ryouko in the same voice
tone. "
I....i...i...you are so fucking hot!" said Tenchi, with a very big bulge
in
his boxers.  "Fuck ME!!!!" demanded Ryouko. "Yes master."said
Tenchi.

Tenchi pulled down his boxers reveling his incredible cock. Ryouko layed
back
waiting for Tenchi to make his move. Tenchi put his face between Ryouko's
legs and began to insert his toung in and out of Ryouko's pussy.

"OOOOOO GOD TENCHI OOOOO!!!!!!"screemed Ryouko.

Ryouko arched her back in pleasure.she wrapped her legs around Tenchi's
head
so that he had no chance of escaping her deathgrip, but Tenchi didn't care
he
kept sucking and slurping on her hot wet sex. Ryouko began to act violent.
She threw Tenchi down on the bed and sat on his face, practically
sufficating
him with her ass and clit. She began humping Tenchi's face, grinding her
pussy violently on Tenchi's mouth.

"OOO TENCHI! OOOOHHH TENCHI!!!!!!!!OOOOOHHHHHHH TENCHI!!!!!!!!!!

Ryouko furiously continued to hump Tenchi's  face. She climaxed about 3
times
already and gooo was running down the sides of Tenchi's face. Tenchi was
choking and gagging on Ryouko's cum and slapped Ryouko's left cheek to
signal her to get off of him but Ryouko kept humping hisd face and suddenly
realized that humans can't live without air.

"oh my dear lord Tenchi are you okay?"said Ryouko sorrier than she's
ever
been. "It's okay Ryouko." Said Tenchi, still gasping for air. "But
it's my
turn!"

Right before Ryouko could reply, Tenchi grabbed her head, and shoved his
dick
down her throat. Ryouko was overwhelmed with dick. So Ryouko began to
suck....she sucked it so hard that Tenchi's dick was turning purple. Vains
began to bulge through Tenchi's dick as Ryouko continued to suck. 35
minutes
went by and Ryouko kept sucking and swallowing Tenchi's cum. Ryouko was
getting tired of the same salty semen taste so she bit down on Tenchi's
dick
with her sharp teeth and drew some blood from Tenchi's cock. It didn't
hurt
Tenchi that much so he continued to let her suck and swallow.

"Thats enough Ryouko, I want to be inside of you"

Ryouko, now more excited than she's ever been removes her lips from Tenchi
and gets on top of him. Tenchi's giant cock penetrats her pussy and
give's
Ryouko the chills.Tenchi bounces Ryouko up and down, up and down, up and
down. Ryouko's eyes roll backwards as Tenchi fucks her all night.

"Get on alll fours Ryouko!" Demanded Tenchi.

Without a word Ryouko got on all fours with her big firm (every black
man's
dream) ass and arched her back so that her ass was sticking straight up ,in
the air. Tenchi grabbed his dick, and shoved the whole thing in to
Ryouko's
ass hole at once. The threads of her ass ripped and Tenchi held it in
there...not humping or anything and wondering why Ryouko hasn't screemed
yet.

"Ryouko.....are you okay?"said Tenchi in a very worried voice. <no
answer>
"RYOUKO! ARE YOU OKAY!"

Tenchi was so scared that he killed her or something.

"I...I...I am a...a...alright tenchi" said Ryouko.

Tears were running down her precious cheeks. Tenchi had fucked her in the
ass
soo hard, that she wouldn't be able to express the pain by screeming...so
she
remained quiet, with tears pouring down her face, and blood gushing from her
ass.
They both said good night and held eachother in their arms and went to bed.

The End

well, that was chapter 2, i know you guy's are about ready to explode on
me
but just remember that i am human and have feelings just like ewach and
everyone of you...oh and i know i don't capatilize much but who the fuck
cares, i don't think any of you mofo's are my teacher's. but it's
cool I
love anyone who loves tmffa as much as i do.


