
__________________________________________________________________

"So Sasami, have you thought about how we're gonna get Ayeka 
 yet?" Asked 
Washu.

"Oh yes Washu.  Accept there will be no  E2 80 98we'.  I mus 
t do this on my own."

Washu looked dissapointed and in the same sense proud of Sasami.

"Are you sure you can take this on , on your own?" Said Wash 
u.

"Geez Washu, what little faith you have in me!!"

"I'm just not sure ya know, cause Ayeka is a rapist, and I t 
hink she has 
what is takes to prevent you from doin anything to her."

"Well, we'll just have to wait and see...."Said Sasa 
mi.

Sasami walked out of the room with a look of anticipation on her face.  
Ryouko laid tied up and worn out from all the beatings and acts of cruelty 
performed on her the previous night.  

"Go ahead if you must Sasami, but your missing out... Im about to fu 
ck this 
space pirate like theres no tomorrow."

"Sorry Washu, this is something that I have put off for too long.  I 
 must do 
this...."

********

Ayeka lay awake in her room thinking of her diabolical plan to get Tenchi.  
Sasami, in her adult form walked at a fast pace towards the exit of Washus 
lab.  The sun was setting.  Crickets could be heard from all around.  
Sasami's heart began to beat profusely.  In some weird way, Sasami s 
till 
viewd her sister as bigger and stronger then her.  Sasami knew that Washu ha 
d 
made Sasami capable, but Sasami's natural senses destroyed her abili 
ty to 
think she could take her.  As she walked  through the house, she remembered 
times when her sister abused her, times of greed and sorrow.  For a minute 
Sasami thought she was walking to Ayeka's room to get raped, as was  
her daily 
routine for a long time.  Anger and determination kicked in, and Sasami got 
that courage back...  She knew what had to be done. And she was feeling a 
little horney too.

                       Sasami stood in front of Ayeka's door way.  S 
he hesit
ated while thinking of all the shit Ayeka put her through.  Sasami began to 
cry.  Tears of anger, tears of fear, tears of revenge all at once.  Ayeka 
could hear the sniffling from outside her door and decided to investigate.  
Ayeka and Sasami both put there hands on the door knob and pulled at the same 
time.  With the force of sasami's pull and the force of Ayeka E2 80 
 99s pull the 
door remained still.  Finally, Ayeka pulled a little harder and the door flew 
inward and Sasami was yanked forward with her hand still on the knob.

"What the? Who the? Who are you and I demand you to tell me what you were 
doing spying on me?"

Sasami continued to cry.  

"Its its, its me Ayeka!" Sasami said while crying.

"Wha- what has happened to you?!"

"I - grew...",  said Sasami still sniffling and forgetful of 
 what she came 
down there to do.

"Come here sis, come into my arms,"

Ayeka spread her arms open to welcome Sasami into a hug.  She squeezed her 
tighter then normal, exploring Sasami's new curves and maturity.  Th 
e two of 
them stood there hugging until Ayeka decided it was best to make her move.

"Why have you been avoiding me Sasami?!" Said Ayeka in a dem 
anding and evil 
voice.

sasami was scared...She hadn't realized she was in her adult form... 
..

"Well then, I guess we have a lot of catching up to do then don't we 
Sasami?"  Sasami nooded sadly as Ayeka and herself both began to tak 
e off 
their clothes.

(Washus Lab)

Washu had everyone tied up against the stone wall of her private torcher 
cell.  Past victims that Washu tortured and continued torturing also remaine 
d 
tied up with ball gags in their mouths.  

"Okay everyone, today we're gonna have a little fun!" said Washu.

The gangs screems and threats remained muffled from the ball gags.  

"I am going to give you all a series of commands," said Wash 
u.  "If you 
don't obey them, then you will suffer even more!"

Washu activated a switch on her crown wich shot tentacles from the wall wher 
e 
Mihoshi was chained up.  The tentecles grabbed Mihoshi and tied her to a bed 
 
in the same room.  She was tied so her legs were wide open and her arms teid 
 
over her head in cuffs.  She wore nothing but her usual white panties and 
bra.  

"Now Tenchi," she said

Tenchi was sweating, and trembeling.  He knew she was gonna make him do 
something sooner or later.  Ryouko screemed with anger.

"I'm gonna release you now...Can I be sure your not gonna tr 
y anything 
funny?" She said in a sadistic sexy voice.

Tenchi nooded his head while trembling.  He wore nothing but boxers stained 
from Sasami's cum, and an undershirt ripped from Washu.  Washu wore  
her usual 
Bright red leather panties and red bra set with her high heel boots and 
crown.  The same female domination tattoo was on her left ass cheeck.  Washu 
 
let Tenchi free personally instead of having her machine do it.  She ripped 
off the chains with her bare hands and grabbed Tenchi.  
         She put her hand down his pants and grabbed his dick. Tenchis 
screems were muffled from the gag.  She pulled him over to where Mihoshi lay 
 
crying by his dick and   pushed him on top of Mihoshi's body.

"Hahahahaha!!!  now Tenchi, I want you to follow and obey my every c 
ommand, 
okay?" She said in that same evil voice.

Tenchi remained silent.  Washu picked up her wip and slashed him across the 
back.

"MMMMUUUNMNNMNMNMMM!!!!!" Tenchi screemed but was still bloc 
ked by the gag.  

"OKAY?!!!" she said with warning in her voice.

Tenchi nooded his head.

>SLASH!!<

She wipped him again and he continued screeming.  

"Its YES MASTER WASHU, GOT IT!!!?"

"Ye, yes m, master W, washu."

"Thats better. Now what I want you to do first is take this knife an 
d cut her 
bra and panties off."

Washu threw him the knife.  Tenchi hesitated until Washu picked up the wip 
again.  Kiyone and Ryouko were still trying to yell.  Tenchi cut the bra and 
 
panties strap and looked away.  He wanted to respect Mihoshi and not look at 
 
her naked body.  Washu laughed devilishly. 

"Now, put your hand on her breasts..." she said.

Tenchi refused.

>SLASH!~<

Tenchi screemed some more.  

"The more you fight tenchi, the more you suffer..."

Tenchi sighed and put his hands on both her tits.  Mihoshi kept crying.  

"Now, put one of your fists inside her pussy.."

Tenchi looked at Washu as she held up the wip once more. 
he slowly put his hand in that area, and slid it in...

"MMUNNNUN MMMMMNNMN" Mihoshi's screems were also muf 
fled by her gag. 

Tears formed in Mihoshi's eyes as well as Tenchi's.  He was  
about to pull it 
out but Washu held the wip up.

"Now Tenchi... slid your hand in and out of her pussy really fast un 
till I 
say stop."

Ryouko and Kiyone could both not believe that Tenchi was doing these things 
without a fight.  He's such a pussy Ryouko thought.  They both could 
 not 
understand why he wasn't willing to feel pain and be tough instead o 
f 
violating Mihoshi and letting Washu win. They both were mad at Tenchi for 
crying about it.  Washu laughed some more.  Mihoshi squeeled with pain as 
Tenchi kept sliding his fist in and out of her.  5 minutes past and Washu 
finally told him to stop.

"Ok Tenchi, now I want you to stick your tounge inside her pussy. 
" Said 
Washu.

Tenchi Glanced at Ryouko, who gave him a look of shame.  Washu laughed some 
more.  Tenchi slowly and shamefully lowered his head towards Mihoshi E2 80 
 99s 
opening.  Mihoshi Squeeled and cried some more.  Tenchi put his mouth over 
the opening and inserted his tounge.  Mihoshi moaned.  It wasn't a 
pleasurable moan but a moan of sadness and a moan of no hope.  Tenchi and 
Mihoshi will never look at each other in the same way again...That is if the 
y 
make it out of here alive.  Washu walked behind Tenchi as he went down on 
Mihoshi. 

"Tenchi, suck her good baby...  Suck her like you've never S 
UCKED BEFORE!! 
AHAHAHAHAHA!"

Washu pushed Tenchi's head into Mihoshi.  Mihoshi creid some more.   
Much time 
had passed.  In fact, 20 minutes had passed.  Ryouko looked at the ropes wic 
h 
bound her.  They were the same ropes she used to tie Kiyone up when the dogs 
 
attacked her.  Something about these ropes had a flaw in the engineering.  A 
s 
does most of Washu's inventions.  The ropes were designed to hold th 
e 
strongest and most powerful of creatures, perfect for Ryouko.  But the ropes 
 
had a slippery coating that could come loosen a knot if the struggle was 
strong enough.  Ryouko felt the ropes begin to loosen slightly.  Washu, with 
 
her back turned could not see this action take place.  Ryouko wiggled the 
ropes a little more and Kiyone watched, not saying a word.  

"Are you guys enjoying this?" Washu said looking back at Ryo 
uko and Kiyone.

At that moment when Washu looked back, Ryouko immediatly stopped figiting 
with the ropes.  Luckily Washu didn't notice anything... So Ryouko c 
ontinued. 
 

>Just a little bit more< she thought.

>there!< Ryouko thought.

She had successfully wiggled free of the ropes.  All that was left now was a 
 
plan.  She decided that she would hold the ropes in the position that made 
her look as though she was still tied up.

Washu now had Mihoshi sucking Tenchi's dick while Tenchi made noises 
 of 
discomfort.  

(Ayekas room)

A grown Sasami sat tied up in the corner of Ayekas bed with cum all over her 
 
face.  

"How was that little sis?  Hahahaha!!!" said a sadistic Ayek 
a.

Sasami had no reply... she sat there motionless with a single tear falling 
from her face.  Ayeka slapped her across the face.  Ayeka shoved her foot in 
 
Sasamis mouth.  

"Here's something you can suck on before im horney enough ag 
ain for you to 
suck my pussy..."

Sasami didn't argue, she sucked on her sisters toe as if it were her 
 own.  

"Thats always been a fantasy of mine... Having someone suck on my to 
e makes 
me feel like the princess that I am." 

Ayeka grabbed her sister to examine her body.  She spread her sisters leggs 
open to look at her clit.  Ayeka began to get jealous.  She grabbed Sasamis 
thighs, wich were thiner and apparently sexier then Ayekas (although it was 
all in her head).  She put her sister on her back.  She grabbed her tits, 
wich were bigger and rounder then Ayekas.  Ayeka put her hands around 
Sasami's waist, wich was smaller then Ayekas as well.  Ayeka began t 
o get 
furious.

"IS this what you are going to look like when your my age?"  
she asked.

Sasami nodded.  

"HOW COULD THE GODS OF JURAI DO THIS TO ME?  THEY MADE MY SISTER.... 
.MY 
SISTER PRE.....PRETTIER THEN ME!!!!!!!!???????"

Sasami knew something was headed for her.  Yet she didn't care to pu 
t up a 
fight.  Ayeka looked at Sasami's ass.  Round and perfectly shaped.   
And 
finally, Ayeka ran her fingers through sasamis hair.... which to her illusio 
n 
was finer and silkier then her own.  Ayeka slapped her sister...

"How dare you be prettier then me!!!" she yelled.   E2 80 
 9CYou are going to die! 
for this."

Ayeka went for her horse tranquilizers she kept in her droor.  She held the 
needle up to Sasami's neck.  Sasami cried.  

"NO!  this will kill you too quick...  You need to suffer... E2 80 
 9D

Ayeka began to get horney again.  

"I will kill you later... as for now..."

Ayeka grabbed her dildo, ( the same one she used in chapter 1).  And began t 
o 
rape Sasami with it.  Ayeka finally pulled out and let her cum out on Sasami 
.

"Now litttle sis... its time to die."

(Washu's lab)

Ryouko figured out a way to get Washu.  Ryouko started singing softly....

"What the fuck are you blabering about?" Asked Washu angrily 
...

Ryouko continued to sing softly while making eye contact with Washu...

"If you dont tell me what the FUCK your doing I will...."

Washu was interupted as Ryouko continued to sing, except a little louder.

"What are you saying?" Washu said as she came closer to Ryou 
ko to hear what 
she was singing.

>Just a little bit more< Ryouko thought.

Washu came closer, about 2 feet from where Ryouko was standing tied up.

Ryouko now sang even softer... so soft that you could barely hear anything a 
t 
all.  Washu put her ear right next to Ryouo's mouth, not sucpecting  
at all 
that Ryouko wasn't tied up.  Washu wouldn't dare get that cl 
ose to Ryouko 
unless she was sure Ryouko was in confinement.

Ryouko pretended that something was going on behind Washu where Tenchi was 
now forced to drink Mihoshis urine.  Washu looked behind her to double check 
 
what was going on.

<WHOOOOOSHHH!!!!>

Ryouko pulled the ropes off her and tied them around Washu.  She rushed over 
 
to where Kiyone was tied up and freed her as well.  

"YOU, YOU BITCH!!!" screemed Washu.

Ryouko and Kiyone laughed.

"Well Washu, how does it feel to be tied up? huh, answer us! or we 
'll rape 
you!!!!"said Ryouko.

The two of them laughed. 

"We would never do that Washu... we're not like you! E2 80 
 9D  Said Kiyone.

Ryouko went and untied Tenchi and Mihoshi.  Neither of them said a word.  
They were both too ashamed to speak.

"What do you think we should do with her? huh Kiyone?" Asked 
 Ryouko.

"Well, eventually we'll have to turn her over to Galaxy poli 
ce headquarters, 
but that doesn't mean we can't get a little bit of sweet rev 
enge first..." 

Ryouko smiled.  Mihoshi managed a half smile, and Tenchi remained quiet with 
 
his head down and tears in his eyes.

"I know just the way to get revenge too...."  Said Kiyone as 
 she looked at 
the dog room that was just next door...

(Ayekas room)

Sasami had given up hope.  She knew she was going to die.  Ayeka wrapped a 
rope around Sasamis neck.  She was going to hang her.  It was 2 AM in the 
morning and Both Tenchis Grandfather and Father were long asleep. 

"I'm going to hang you over the Tenchi shrine." Said 
 Ayeka.

Ayeka put on a pair of pink panties and an Anime shirt that Tenchi gave her  
a 
long time ago.  She led her sister out of the house and up the hill to the 
shrine by the rope tied around her sister.  The night air was cold.  The 
ground was wet with dew from the moister in the air.  She brought a chair ou 
t 
as well.

Ayeka stood on the chair and tied a strong knot around the top of the shrine 
. 
 

"Now little sister, stand on the chair!" Ayeka demanded. 

Without hesitation, her sister stood on the chair and looked into Ayekas 
eyes.  Ayeka tied the other end of the rope around Sasami's neck.

"Sasami, when I kick the chair from underneath you... your neck will 
 either 
break, in which case you'll die instantly, or you will choke to deat 
h, in 
with case, I get the privilage of watching you suffer before you die. E2 80 
 9D

Sasami looked at her sister lovingly.

"Any last words before you die Sasami?"

Sasami continued to look at Ayeka with happiness in her eyes. Sasami replied 
 
three words to Ayeka...

"I love you....."  Said Sasami.
__________________________________________________________________

This fic is not over!!!!!!!!! So please don't panick!!!! I am proud  
to say 
that I have recieved over 1,000 fan mails from you guy's...  Thankyo 
u for 
your support.  With out you guys I would be no where...  I am the head of 
this new organization that has just started called the JAMES PADILLA LEMON 
WRITTERS ASSOCIATION...(JPLWA).  This was an I dea of mine to gather up the 
most talented lemon writters from all around and help new ones who still 
desire to be in my club.... If you are interested then read the part below.. 
.

Hello to all, Lemon authors, soon to be lemon authors, and potential lemon 
authors.  This is the breakthrough of a lifetime!  The first organization of 
 
talented authors to ever meet the TMFFA.  It is called the James Padilla Lem 
on
 Writers Association (JPLWA).  If you think you have talent or potential, 
then this is perfect for you.  This is a great way to get new and soon to be 
 
authors to get their name recognized and get publicity.  If you are already 
an author that has been around for a while,  then join this organization for 
 
the sake of wanting to unite talented lemon authors from all over the world! 
  
If you havent written a lemon fanfic, or are going to in the future, then I 
or other authors I recomend personally, will help you make it successful and 
 
flourishing.  As this organization becomes famous, you will also become 
famous.  
Its more then simple to join.  Just E-mail me at Santaclaws975836@aol.com.I 
Know that you all have many questions, so please E-mail me if you are not 
sure or have questions about this....  Members get a special pic as a joinin 
g 
gift...

This is NOT the last fic in the series....  The last fic will be chapter 10. 
  
I also have a new Lemon series that is coming out soon called SNOW.  If you 
thought ETC was good, then wait'll you read this...

Tell me what you think about this series so far....

