I STAND CORRECTED...I HAVE RECIEVED NOTHING BUT FAN MAIL FOR MY FICS SINCE
THE END OF NOVEMBER...WICH MEANS THAT MY THESIS IS PROVEN TO  BE TRUE...THE
BOTTOM LINE IS, THAT IF YOU DO NOT LIKE THE WAY THIS SERIES SUCKS THE
HAPPINESS OUT OF YOU (although I must say I got eccellent reviews about the
way Tenchi did Ryouko.)THEN DON'T READ IT...TRUE LEMON FANS ENJOY.

                                  chapter5: The Erotic Torture Chamber
"How dare you break into my lab and disrupt my work!" "But Washu, you
told
me to meet you here at 3:30 and..and...I"said a very scared Sasami.
"Oh...but of course I did..." said Washu with a wicked grin on her face.
"Must've slipped my mind.." "Um washu um if this is a a b-bad time I
can
c-come back later.."said Sasami. "That is completely unnecissary."
said
Washu. "You startled me, I wasn't expecting you to come in at this part
of
my lab...but for future refrences, DO NOT COME DOWN HERE UNLESS I ASK YOU
TOO. Got it?" "Y-yes of course washu." "Great then follow me."

Washu lead sasami towards the technical part of the lab where she conducts
experiments. Far away and not anywhere near the sex dungeon. washu was
wearing bright red panties wich fit tightly around her perfect ass and nicly
shaped pussy. Following that was red bra that hugged her beutiful 36D chest.
She looked much wilder then usual, she had both her nipples pierced and a
tattoo on her left ass cheek that repersented female domination. She wore 6
inch elevator boots with golden buckles, and had a firey look in her eye all
together made her look scary yet irresistible.

"sasami please give me a hug." Washu asked Sasami. "Oh um ok Washu"
said
Sasami.

Washu grabbed Sasami and squeezed her tightly, she put sasami's face
striaght
into her breasts wich was exactaly what sasami was trying to avoid when
Giving her the hug. Washu pressed sasami's face harder into her breasts.
washu's nipples were as hard as rocks and washu's right nipple was
painfully
digging into sasami's head.

"washu, please stop!!!" screemed sasami. "Stop squirming!!!!" yelled
washu.


washu without hesitation jolted her hand forward and grabbed Sasami's
pussy.

"no please Ayeka stop!!!" screemed sasami, "Aha!"yelled Washu.
"Perfect!
thats just what I wanted to find out. you see Sasami, I was on suspicion
that
your sister was Raping you and i knew that if i asked you you wouldn't
admitt
it. So I had to take matters into my own hands."

sasami began to cry.

"It's true! it's true dammit!!!!" Screemed sasami.

(KITCHEN)

"I'm starving!" maoned Ryouko, as she scavenged through the cabinets
for
junk food.

She looked in the first cabinet.

"Instant miso soup...no" said ryouko  "There's nothing to eat in
this
house! I don't know how sasami comes up with these big delicious meals
when
there's no fucking food!!!"

Then the idea hit her....one of the most scandelous idea's that came to
mind.....

"MIHOSHI'S SECRET STASH!!!!!" Ryouko exclaimed.

She crept down the hallway and up the stairs to Mihoshi and kiyone's room.

"Ryouko!!!!!!" screemed Ayeka. "What do you think your doing sneaking
into
mihoshi and kiyones room!!!?
"Non of your buisness my royal BITCHINESS!!!!!" fired Ryouko. "why,
your
nothing but  a space whore!" Ayeka said back.
"I'm warning you Ayeka, I am not in the mood!" said Ryouko.

"What are you gonna do, skank me to death!!!!? AAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHA" said
Ayeka
in her usual high pitched distinguished face.

>SMACK<

ryouko slapped Ayeka with full force. Ayeka slowly moved her hand over her
face, trying to sooth the pain she was feeling in her left cheek.

"H....how...dare you." said a shocked ayeka.

Without hesitation Ayeka smacked Ryouko back 10 times harder then Ryouko
slapped her.

>AAHHHHHHH!!!!<

Ryouko went flying through the wall. Ryouko got back up slowly.  a red glare
formed in her eye's.

"HAHAHAHAHA! am I supposed to be affraid of you? you space WHORE!
HAHAHA!!!"
Ryouko gives ayeka an intimidating look.

"Uh...Ryouko, um w..what are y...you gonna d...do to me?" said a now
extremely frightened

Ayeka.........................................................................

.............................................................................

.............................................................................

............................ "5"

..............................................................................

.... "4"
"Um Ryouko, w...why are you counting down like that?"
................................................................ "3"
............................................ "2"
"R...ryouko d..don't do anything stupid now"
................................... "1"
.......................... "0"
"OH MY GOD RYOUKO NOOO!"
(BACK AT THE LAB).

"sasami follow me."

washu led her to one of her newest inventions.

"Now listen to me Sasami, you must stop crying, you will have your revenge
on
your sister."said a sincere washu.

washu was very hard to take seriously. it was hard to see past that sexual
outfit. it reminded sasami too much of her sister.

"This is my newest machine. it triples the age of anyone who steps into
it.
That would put the appearance of your body to that of a woman in her mid
twenties. That would make you strong enough to get back at your sister."

"So that means that i'll get to see what I look like when i'm an
adult?'
"Pricisely."
"When i'm in my new body, i will do everything that my sister did to me
except worse!"
"Now thats the right atittude."

Sasami stepped into the machine. washu got behind her control panel to
activate the machine.

"I will add a special chemical in sasmi that will make her EXTREMELY
horney." washu thought. "maybe then when the little princess is all
grown
up, we can have a little fun together before she gets her revenge. I might
even consider letting her co-run my sexual torture kingdom, we could rule
together!"said an excited washu.

"Unfortunatley sasami, this is gonna take a few hour's, i'll explain
to you
all about tsunami when you are ready, okay?"

"Um, ok Washu" said sasami.

"now its time to have a little fun!' thought washu. "Now where did i
put
that bitch hanging from her nipples? Heheehehehehehehehe!!!!"

washu teleported to her torture chamber.  she then approached a room in wich
Kiyone and Mihoshi were chained up.  they were both screeming through the
ball gag as best as they could.

"Alright you two, let's here what you have to say."

Washu took off mihosh's ball gag...

"Washu! when you said that you had something to show me I didn't know
that
this is what you ment."

"Shutup you fool!" said Washu with a grin on her face.  if you only knew
the
thing's i am gonna do to you!  I think i'll work with mihoshi for a
while,
then i'll get to you Kiyone!"

Washu slowly slipped off her red panties and threw them at Kiyone's face.
Washu laughed at Kiyone's struggle to remove the panties from her face
while
being chained down.  She walked over to Mihoshi...

"W...washu what are you gonna do?"

Washu laughed without saying a word.  washu stepped right in front of
Mihoshi
so mihoshi was face to face with washu's pussy.

"you see this Mihoshi? this is your master....and you will obey!"

Washu grabbed a lock of mihoshi's hair and forced her pussy into her
mouth.

"HAHAHAHAHAHAA!!!!!! SUCK IT BITCH! SUCK IT OOOOOOHHHHHHHYEAH!!!"

Washu began to hump Mihoshi's face.

"Lick me you stupid bitch LICK ME!!!! AAAAAAHAHAHAHHA!!!!"

tears formed in mihoshi's eye's. washu continued to thrust her pussy at
her
face. Washu lied down on her back and forced mihoshi's face down with her.
she wrapped her legs around mihoshi's head. this went on for about  30
minutes. washu slammed mihoshi on her back and tied her arms and leggs down.
she ripped of mihoshi's shirt and bra.

"You blond whore! your tits are so damn big!"

Washu scratched Mihoshis tits with her sharp nails and drew blood. She then
sucked on the blood. Mihoshi screemed in agonizing pain. Washu fetched her
padel and poured salt water on her scratches. Mihoshi continued to screeem,
the sound echoed through the walls. Washu slapped Mihoshi. she then
continued
to smack, slap and punch her till mihoshi was almost unconcious. Mihoshi
maoned with pain.  washu began to scam with mihoshi, she stuck her long
toung
down mihoshis throat and licked her tounsils. Washu smacked mihoshi across
her breasts with the padel. Mihoshi lie motionless accept for a couple tears
that rolled down her face. The salt water stung mihoshis tits.

"Now I'm gonna finish you off Mihoshi...." said a smiling Washu.

Washu grabbed a lazer sharpend knife about 7 inches long. Kiyone had already
fainted. washu grinned and without hesitation stabbed Mihoshi's vagina.
She
continouously stabbed her pussy. in and out the knife went. Washu sucked the
blood from her pussy.

"I.....I hate you Washu....." said Mihoshi. "Well Mihoshi, according
to
Machievelli, it is better to be feared then loved......."

Washu sat on Mihoshi's face smothering her with her pussy and cummed all
over
her face. about a gallon of cum squirted out of her. she then smired the cum
all over Mihoshi's briused face with her pussy. washu then leaned down and
kissed Mihoshi on the lips.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh i'm exhausted." said washu. "I'll get you later
Kiyone.
Too bad your tits aren't as big as Mihoshi's, I would have more fun with
you
if they were."

Washu then laughed quite devilishly and walked out to check if Sasami was
ready.

"Hahahaha, i'd better put my panties back on before sasami see's me
like
this."

She reached down at her pussy and started banging herself. Then she
proceeded
down the hall to her age increasing machine...

"Sasami, are you ready yet?"

(Ayeka's room)
>sigh<
"Oh, how I yearn for Sasami to be here so she can fulfil my sexual
desires.
Her tight little ass, her small round immature breasts, her innocence alone
drives me sexually crazy. I need to rape her!!!!!  I crave for her
struggling
moans as I force her to suck me. I urge for those tears that form in her
eye's when i fuck her in the ass with my fake cock. Oh well, she's just
gonna get it overtime the next time i see her."

She then forgets about Sasami and masterbates as she fantasizes about
Tenchi.
She grabs Tenchi's school picture and licks it all over. When she released
her cum, she let it all out over the picture, saturating it with her cream.

"Fuck! I got carried away, i'm gonna have to ask tenchi for a new copy.
Dammit! what the hell am i gonna tell him.....I cummed all over the first
one
so i need a new copy to ruin with my eggs?

(Tenchi's room)

"Okay Tenchi, let's do a little role playing...." said an excited
Ryouko,
wearing nothing but a see through bra and panties set.

"Um, well okay Ryouko. What is the scenario?"   "Your a prison convict
and
i'm the prison guard. Youve been a VERY naughty boy and I have to punish
you..."

"Well ok if you say so Ryouko."

"Get up against the wall convict!" yelled Ryouko.

Tenchi was taken by suprise and was scared at first until he realized that
she was just role playing. without hesitating, tenchi did what she told him.

"It's time for a full body search!"

Ryouko grabbed tenchi's ass. Then she eventually was completely feeling on
Tenchi all over. She then violently threw him on the bed. Tenchi, completely
molested, lied back and let Ryouko do whatever she wanted to him without
protest.  They had already had sex enough times for tenchi to know better
then to fight against ryouko.

             She began to suck his cock. Her head bobbed up and down as she
sucked every part of it. Tenchi put his hand on her head and gripped a lock
of hair. Ryouko continued this motion for 15 minutes....

"OOOOOOOOhh Ryouko, i'm gonna explode in your mouth, you'd better stop
now."

But Ryouko continued the action. Tenchi let it all out in Ryouko's mouth.

"COUGH! COUGH!M CHOCK GARGGLE CHOCK! GAG!!!!!" Ryouko chocked on
tenchi's
cum. She wasn't expecting that much to come out of Tenchi.

"Dammit TENCHI! What, you think your some kind of hot shot pimp now making
me
chock on your FUCKING CUM LIKE SOME KIND OF FUCKING ONE DOLLAR
WHORE!!!!!!!!!!??????"

Tenchi was speechless.

"Hehehehe geez Tenchi i was only joking!" said Ryouko. "Keep going
Tenchi,
i'm not finished with you yet!"

"Okay Ryouko, lets try a different scenario, i'll be a hot shot pimp and
you'll be the one dollar whore!"

"Well, I guess that would be sort of exciting." said Ryouko.

"Bend over bitch and give me ass!"

"Yes master!"

Tenchi bent Ryouko over and started fucking Ryouko in the ass.

"Oh i love a tight ass!" said tenchi

Tenchi kept humping Ryouko. He continuously screwed Ryouko, first fast, and
then slow.

" AH-AH-AHA-AH-AH-AH-AH!!!!!! OHOHOHOHOHOHOHH! FUCK ME-FUCK
ME-OOOOHHHHHYES!!!!!!!!OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHTENCHI!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I WANT YOUR FAT
COCK INSIDE MY PUSSY!!!!!!!!!!!!!PLEASE!!!!"

Tenchi layed Ryouko down and stuck his dick inside her.

"AHHHHHHHH! tenchi keep fucking me, meke me feel PAIN  Tenchi."

Tenchi furiosly fucked Ryouko. Ryouko wrapped her legs around Tenchi's
back.
She moved her ass in the motion of his dick and cumed all over his dick.
Tenchi pulled out.

"Look at that mess you made, clean it off!" demanded Tenchi.

"Yes Master Tenchi." replied Ryouko.

And ryouko went to work between Tenchi's legs. tenchi ejackulated in her
mouth again except she didn't swollow this time, she just let the cum leak
down the side of her mouth as she countinued to suck.

(Back at the lab)

"My, my,my wow how you've grown Sasami" said Washu.  "I feel so
weird
Washu. Ifeel really strange."  "Thats your hornyness. its gonna make you
crazy for sex sasami."

"Wow Washu, perhaps we can have a little fun together..." Said Sasami in
her
much deeper voice.

"Sasami, I've been waiting to here you say that for a long time.....but
first I must give you a quiz to see if your as evil and as horney as
me..."
Said Washu.

"Bring it on honey!" Said an anxious Sasami.

"Okay, Question number one.......if you saw a helpless little child alone
in
the streets who has been accidentally seperated from his or hers parents,
what would you do?"

"Well, first I would ask him if he loves his mother and Daddy, and if he
say's yes, I'd rape it's little brains out and then deliver it's
head to
his parents with my cum all over it.  And if it say's no, then I'd rape
it
anyways and deliver it battered and bruised with my cum all over his
clothes..."

Tears begain to form in Washu's eye's. She was happier then she's ever
been
at that moment and realized that Sasami might even be morally worse then
Washu herself.

"Okay Sasami, your doing great, now here's question number 2......if you
were a substitute teacher for a 4th grade class, what would your students
have to do to earn an A?"

sasami laughed at that question. She hesitated for a moment and then
answered
the question.

"I would hold a fuck contest in wich the students pair up into groups of 2
and the female would have to do to the male whatever I tell her to do to
him.
the loser would then have to eat my cum. HEHEHEHE, I'm soooo
scandelous!"
said Sasami

"okay Sasami, I am very proud of you, now here is question number
3........if
you had a chance to get back at your sister for what she has done to
you........what would you do?

Sasami had a very nasty look on her face, wich then turned into a
smile......she then proceeded to answer the question.............

(Kiyone & Mihoshi's dungeon room)

"Mihoshi, are you still alive?" said Kiyone.

"Bearly......
