Eternal Heavens

Disclaimer:  I'm poor, so don't bother suing.  I only own my 
original characters.  Hell, I don't even own some of them, heh.  
I don't own any Tenchi characters.  To be honest I can't afford 
them.

Author's forword:  One of these days I'll get around to the main 
point or three of this fic.  Promise. ^_^  I'd also like to thank 
all those that helped me out writing this fic, like the folks on 
Dalnet's #TenchiFF channel, my lovely girl friend, Morgan Hudson, 
and anyone else I might have forgotten. Heh.

Now I'll beg for C&C. PLEASE OH PLEASE CORRECT ME!!! ^_^  I'm at 
kthardin@yahoo.com , so feel free! ^_^

Gathering of the Children
  -Crusaders Assemble

<Opening Theme:  Sweet Child O' Mine - Guns and Roses>

	"Fascinating." she said to herself, "How very...droll."

	"Mistress Yumi?"

	The short furry scientist looked up, brushing her long ears 
across the edge of one of the floating black holographic computer 
terminals, causing it to distort momentarily.  She grinned at her 
dark-shrouded companion before returning to tapping her fingers 
on the terminals that only with her touch became solidified 
light.  Arms crossed, he walked up behind her, dwarfing her with 
his powerful body by a wide margin and looked over her shoulder.  
Her gaze was somehow locked onto a single screen as her hands 
quite literally flew across the terminals that sprang up and went 
away as she performed whatever tasks that she deemed necessary.

	"What is it?"

	She barely noted his inquiry as she reached out and used 
her taller companion's cloaked arm for support, and hopped off 
the floating green poof pillow she was sitting on.  For his part, 
he had moved his arm out in clockwork-like movements, in time 
with her motion, to facilitate her dismount.

	He did this often.

	She walked around him, her hands still on his arm, though 
unable to encircle it with both hands as big as it was. Leading 
him to another set of terminals, she used his arm to pull herself 
up and onto a reddish gold colored floating cushion.  Idly her 
taller associate wondered if the lack of a backrest was good for 
her posture.

	As if to prove his point, she stretched out, causing her 
back to give several loud pops as it realigned itself before she 
asked, "Ever had a question about something, Hishima?  Something 
that just nagged at you and nagged at you and nagged at you 'til 
it drove you insane?"

	Hishima seemed to think for a moment, "I remember trying to 
find the name of the artist who sang the Highlander theme at one 
time."

	Yumi nodded.  "Yes, I remember that.  By the way," she said 
ominously, and not just normal ominously, this being the-pit-of-
doom-may-you-burn-for-all-eternity-in-the-fires-of-Inferno 
ominously, "if you start singing that again, I will have to rip 
your memory modules out."

	"But aren't you fighting to survive in a war with the 
darkest power?" Amusement apparent in his voice as it spoke from 
the inky blackness that shadowed his face within the hood.  He 
braced for what he had expected to be an annoyed scientist 
knocking him through the nearest bit of equipment and on through 
the wall, but was surprised when a concerned frown crossed her 
face as she glanced at him.  "This wouldn't have anything to do 
with the recent acquisition of..."

	"That," she interrupted, "remains to be seen."  Her hands 
flew over a new set of controls.  "The involvement might just be 
coincidental.  Or," her hands stopped and her eyes drilled into 
him, "it might mean everything."

	"Either way," anticipation crept into his voice, "It will 
be one hell of a fight?"

	She nodded.  "It's looking more and more like it."  Yumi 
laid a placating hand upon him, calming the slight twitching that 
had washed over her much taller assistant.  "Patience.  You may 
yet get the battle that you crave, my warrior."

	"So...what now?"

	"Now," she echoed raising her finger to the sky and 
shouting in enthusiastic abandon, "Now, it's high time we 
gathered our suck...err...allies to aid us!"

	"Refresh my memory: didn't we get our collective ass handed 
to us last time we tried this?"  It was with great relief when he 
found himself moving into and through test equipment, thinking my 
it's nice that Mistress Yumi is still her normal bitchy self; and 
oh is that the Really Big Fish?  Hi Mr. Fish!  I'd wave, but I 
think I've just found myself imbedded in this...nope, went right 
on through the wall.  Cool! That was solid duranium!  Oh, stars!  
I see them!

	Further thought was not an option as unconsciousness found 
Hishima to be a good conversationalist and whisked him away for 
tea and cookies.

	Yumi playfully walked over, and looked down upon him,  
"NEVER doubt my skill...Oh DAMN IT!  I broke a nail!"

-------------------------------------------

	"Gohegi..." was all she managed to get out, before she 
quite literally passed out.  Sweat pouring off her body in 
amounts that would have her body begging for water when she 
regained consciousness, and a shower soon after.  Her hair, 
unbound, flowed around her and her bedmate in a shower of dark 
blues and purples as she unceremoniously landed upon his chest.  
Even in slumber, her breathing was labored, coming to her in 
great shuddering gasps as if she had run a triathlon or some 
other equally physically demanding activity.

	Of course, considering her state of undress, and the near 
equally winded state of the man under her (not to mention his 
lack of clothing), one could indeed assume that she had been 
involved in the physically demanding, though very pleasurable, 
act of mating.

	The man's breathing however, was becoming less and less 
labored with each passing second; returning to normal far sooner 
than the young woman above him.  Still, he was content to hold 
her as her body slowed down; finally becoming peaceful.

	Carefully he rolled her over; trying his best not to 
entangle her incredibly long tresses within his own hair as it 
was equally long.  Adding another dimension of difficulty was 
moving so as not to poke her with the curved bone blade-like 
protrusions that jutted out dangerously from the back of his 
forearms.  One false move and she'd be a few limbs short, or have 
a hole through her body where she definitely did not need one if 
she wanted to continue living.

	She didn't even resist; her arms flopping to her sides 
limply as the man moved her under him.  Only the barest of smiles 
formed on her lips, parting just slightly.

	Invitingly.

	The man didn't hesitate in taking her offer, and moved down 
to kiss the woman.  Then from her full and juicy lips, down her 
silken neck.  Fangs in his mouth bared themselves as he ran them 
along her creamy skin.  He grimaced suddenly, a small growl 
escaping from his throat, before he forcefully pulled himself 
away from the object of his desire.

	He was still -hungry- for her.  The animal within him, as 
if he had been in a barren wilderness and just now had his first 
taste of raw flesh, demanded more.  To the man, however, it was 
obvious that she was just not able to satisfy such desire.  
Slowly, the man brought the beast within under control.

	His golden eyes closed and when they opened again, they had 
become a dark blue color.  His body seemed to relax, losing much 
of its bulk, though he was still no small man.  Finally the claws 
on his fingers and toes, as well as the bone-blades on his 
forearms, retracted.  Sighing, he looked himself over.  Nodding 
once to himself, he got out of bed.

	Or tried to.  The woman's hand shot out to grab his hand, 
surprising the man.  "Don't even think it, Gohegi," she mumbled 
irritably.

	"But Asahi..." he gestured with his other hand toward his 
hair.

	"Tomorrow."

	"But..." Her eyes shot open, and a singularly unpleasant 
message was conveyed to him, describing all manner of painful 
ways in which he was going to die if he didn't get back into bed 
right this second.

	Ah well, he reflected sagely as he crawled back into bed.  
The hardships a man of faith must endure are many and varied.  
Such as they are in any case, he chuckled to himself.  

	Instinctively, he found the most comfortable spot on her 
body, and laid his head between those pillows of soft pliant 
flesh.  Though, as his head bounced off the floor, he noticed 
something was amiss.

	Yep, something definitely not right here.  She's softer 
than this.  AND much more...what?  Where?  Gohegi quickly moved 
to his feet; his danger sense going into overdrive, and he 
returned to the form of the beast to ready himself for combat.  
His eyes scanned the area almost instantly.  He was in the middle 
of a room.  Darkness all around, except for a single spotlight 
upon him; no other details were visible.  He was the only source 
of sound, and aside from the faint smell of ozone and metal, he 
was the only smell too.

	"Welcome, Gohegi!"

	He glanced around, trying to pinpoint the source of the 
voice, "Who said that?"

	"You know...who I am."  Mysterious?  Actually a bit of 
overacting.  Only a bit, however.

	He frowned, which was little more than a slight creasing of 
his lips in the downward direction. "Show yourself."

	"I have summoned you here for a purpose!"

	Despite his annoyance, Gohegi's lips upturned in a slight 
grin, revealing more of his fangs, which glittered in the light, 
"I refuse to keep this going, I hope you realize."

	"Oooooohh!!!" the voice complained, "But I was trying to be 
the mysterious head of an elite organization to save the universe 
here!"

	"Even though," A door to the left of Gohegi opened, and 
Hishima stepped through with a change of clothes in hand, and 
grin on his face.  At least, what Gohegi interpretated to be a 
grin. Hard to tell when his mouth was little more than a 
faceplate, "the mysterious head usually winds up being the real 
enemy in the end."

	"Or at least a really dishonorable so and so." Gohegi 
accepted the offered clothing and letting his transformation 
fade.  "I mean, they usually wind up," he paused for a moment as 
he pulled the black trousers on, "using their allies and 
creations badly," barely slowing the brown cloak was pulled on, 
and tied around him with the black sash already resident in the 
loops of the coat, "and abusing their sons or daughters 
psychologically." bending down he slipped on the soft brown 
leather sandals, and while tightening the straps he continued, 
"It makes one wonder how the universe even survives the many 
machinations of such individuals."

	"At least they often get their heads get bit off by a big 
ass robot.  Too bad everyone turns into an orange goo at the 
end."  Hishima continued matter-of-factly, "That'll ruin anyone's 
day."

	A screen appeared before the two of them, hovering in mid-
air and somewhat translucent.  On it was the face of Yumi, her 
ears down, and eyes tearing as she sniffed quite cutely, "You're 
all so mean!  I should turn you into Kappas again!"

	Not even trying to restrain themselves, they grinned at 
her, "Kappa!  Kappa Kappa!"

	That's when she decided to cry at the top of her lungs, 
screaming about how no one appreciated what she was doing, and 
that everyone was so mean to her.

	Hishima and Gohegi didn't buy it.

	Yumi, noticing their slight chuckles, turned off her flow 
of tears, much like one would turn off a faucet. "You guys really 
are mean!"  She growled, "You're supposed to try to console me 
now, damnit!"

	Gohegi appeared to consider it for a split second.  "I just 
got yanked away from the lady who owns my life.  We had just 
finished exchanging certain pleasantries, and I was getting quite 
comfortable where I was."  He cocked his head to one side, "I'm 
quite sure, she was as well.  She's going to kill me when I get 
home.  Or worse...divorce me."  A pause, to let the enormity of 
that sink in, "I don't have any sympathy.  Even if I am a Monk."

	"And you hit me all the time." Hishima added.

	"Unappreciative bastards."  She smiled suddenly, "I knew I 
picked the right people for this job."  A slight chuckle, just 
shy of the evil laugh typical of evil doers everywhere practiced 
in the mirror for at least three hours a day suddenly burst forth 
from Yumi, "Follow Hishima, Gohegi.  I'll explain the new 
developments when you get up to the bridge.  Yoshou is already up 
here, and we're expecting Minagi shortly.  See you there."  The 
screen disappeared as suddenly as it had appeared, leaving the 
two men in the darkness.

	"Don't suppose you'd have any hair clippers handy?" the 
Monk asked.

	"I'll get you some in awhile."

	"Dark in here."  Gohegi noted after a slight pause.

	"Yep."  Hishima agreed. "Shall we?" Turning, Hishima led 
the way out of the darkness, and into the light.

	Gohegi wondered briefly if that would be their fate far 
sooner than he really wanted.  "I take it something has happened 
to up the original time-table?"

	"Indeed.  It's best if you see it for yourself, however."

	"I still think we should have involved Tenchi..."

	"But you realize, they are far too close to the 
situation...and none of us have enough information to know what 
is really going on.  I mean, for all we know, the side he's to be 
on, with good intentions or not, may well not be the right one."

	Gohegi nodded, as they walked through the seemingly 
infinite twists and turns of this ship's passageways.  "Still," 
he countered, "He is a man of honor.  He deserves better than 
this."

	They finally reached what appeared to be a room at the end 
of this long and winding corridor.  The door opened as they came 
near, revealing a chamber with standing room for about four or 
five people.  "Yes, he does.  I just hope the worst-case scenario 
doesn't pan out.  Not even Yoshou is certain if that is what has 
happened or not."  They both stepped inside, and Hishima hit a 
couple of keys on the left side.  The door slid shut, and both 
felt a sudden uplifting movement.  "Still, the idea that Tenchi 
could be..."

	"I know."  Gohegi sighed, expressing the bitterness of his 
thoughts, "Ryouko, that cute girl Sasami..."

	"Yes.  Them as well."  Their eyes had been focused on the 
door of the lift, but now they moved and focused on each other.  
"This," Hishima stated, voicing both their inner thoughts, "is 
frightening shit."

	Gohegi nodded yet again.  "So tell me," Hishima's eyebrows, 
such as they were, shot up in a silent question, "Why didn't Yumi 
just teleport me directly to the bridge?"

	"Probably to allow us this time to speak." Hishima 
clarified.

	"Ah."

	"That, and..."

	"And?"

	"Well..." Hishima looked away, his hands at his sides, 
fiddling with his own obsidian colored cloak.  He almost seemed 
embarrassed.  "I think Mistress Yumi really HAS been watching too 
many of the videos Ms. Minagi left here during our various 
meetings."  It was Gohegi's turn for his eyebrows to shoot up, 
"You know, a few of the Samurai movies, a few of the giant-mecha 
animes, and even a few magical girl shows.  I think she's taking 
this mysterious head of a conspiracy a bit too seriously."

	Hishima watched Gohegi look to the ceiling and whisper a 
couple of words of prayer to the patron deity of his order, 
knowing full well that most gods got their kicks out of how much 
hell they could put their followers through before they finally 
achieved whatever it was they set out to do.  Which was actually 
a lot better than those gods who loved to spoil their creations.  
Normally those peoples were wiped out of existence by the 
combined effort of the surrounding races due to the abnormally 
high saccharine content of peace and love coming from said star 
system.  This usually had the effect of decreasing the cases of 
terminal diabetes in those surrounding systems, which was 
considered to be a good thing.  On the down side the insulin 
suppliers really hated it when their market was eviscerated like 
that, but you just can't please everyone.

	Gohegi then crossed his arms before him, looked directly at 
Hishima, a slight frown on his face, and asked "So...we're going 
to die then?"

	"Yep, we're going to die.  It's probably going to hurt a 
lot too."

	"Asahi is going to be rather angry with me, I'm afraid."

	"Cheer up my friend," Hishima said as the doors opened, "If 
you die, she'll soon meet you to beat your ass for all eternity.  
What more could you want?"  Turning he went walked into the 
bridge of the ship, which had been modified to look like a 
technologically advanced version of the war room where the Round 
Table of Camelot resided.  Strangely, or perhaps not so 
strangely, this was close to truth of the matter.

	Gohegi muttered as he followed Hishima, "But I don't want 
to get my ass beat after dying painfully."

	In the chair at the end furthest from him, he saw Yumi hard 
at work pointing things out on the various sized and shaped holo-
screens to an elderly gentleman in a white gi, and baby-blue 
Hakama.  Looking up from the screens he adjusted his glasses and 
waved a greeting at the two who entered.

	"Greetings Yoshou!" The elderly gentleman reached out and 
grabbed Gohegi's proffered hand as he came close.  "Has our 
hostess not strung you up and verified your freedom of will 
again?"

	Yumi looked up from her hyper fast typing, yet not 
stopping, "Keep that up, and I'll string -you- up on general 
principles."

	Yoshou's hands seemed to itch toward strangling the furry 
little scientist, "Yes.  According to her, I'm still not being 
manipulated against my will for any reason."

	"She teased you with a donut again, didn't she." Gohegi 
said after a long moment of watch Yoshou trying to restrain 
himself from doing her bodily harm.

	"Yeah, she did." Hishima answered for him.  "It was pretty 
pathetic too, seeing a grown man begging for a taste of that 
sweet sugary goodness."

	Yoshou twitched again, seeming to want to rend flesh and 
tear bone.  And to think this was the serene caretaker of the 
Misaki shrine, but like anyone else...push the right buttons and 
he'd want to maim and destroy...starting with most of the peoples 
of the cosmos.  "It is not...pleasant." He growled out.  "To be 
made to want something like that, just to see how the mind 
reacts, and that just to see if I am not under the influence of 
anything, but myself.  I'd ask that you not ridicule me in this."

	Hishima blanched momentarily, "Yes I...I'm sorry.  I 
was...trying to make light of it...forgive me." he bowed 
slightly.

	"Enough!"  All eyes turned toward Yumi.  "I assume we have 
all our greetings and jokes...even mine...out of the way?"  Her 
eyes roved each of them, noting no dissent and stopping on 
Gohegi, "Good.  I know you want answers, and you'll get them.  
Minagi will be here soon.  We need to wait for her."  She 
gestured around her, "Please, all of you, have a seat."

	Each took a chair around the 'Round Table,' shifting and 
moving slightly as the sofa's fit themselves to each and every 
curve of their bodies to optimize comfort and stability.

	Funny thing was, precisely fifty-one percent of Sealy 
Posturepedic's stock (that's a controlling percentage) was owned 
and managed by Yumi.  The other forty-nine percent was owned by 
one Washuu Hakubi.  Nobody really knew why, and to be honest, 
were afraid to ask either of them.

	"Don't worry Gohegi.  I left a message for your wife, 
telling her that I borrowed you for a bit...oh, don't give me 
that look.  C'mon...you look like a drowned rat!"

	"She's going to kill me." He slumped down heavily in his 
chair, "Worse...she's going to divorce me for this..."

	"Well...if we're successful, or the worst is not the case, 
then she'll be alive to do that.  That has to be worth something, 
doesn't it?"  Yoshou asked.

	"It's the only reason I agreed to this."  A glance at Yumi 
when a red blinking light appeared next to her, "Ms. Minagi here 
yet?"

	"Actually...no, that's the microwave."  She grinned amidst 
the tossed up arms and rolled eyes, "Heh, just kidding.  She just 
came out of hyperspace.  Give me a moment; I'll bring her over."  
Another small holoscreen appeared next to her, and keying in a 
few sequences on the board of solidified light, a young girl 
appeared in the last of the chairs, her shock of spiked out blue-
gray hair swirling over her face as she unceremoniously landed on 
her well formed bottom with an 'ooof.'

	Scrambling to a more comfortable position she brushed her 
hair behind her, revealing a face that would be the very 
definition of sexy, if it weren't for that innocently petulant 
look on it.  Her cheeks sported a single hash mark on both sides; 
her eyes were piercing, golden, and quite cat-like.  With a huff 
she straightened out her white bodysuit with the red trim, not 
for a second releasing her gaze which had settled into what could 
only be described as a 'cute' glare.

	"Something vexing you, Minagi?"

	"How many times have I asked you to be more careful when 
you teleport me Yumi?"

	Yumi tapped one button causing all her current screens to 
vanish, "It's no fun that way.  In any event..." she gestured, 
and the bridge went completely dark, except for a solar chart 
that appeared above the table casting a luminescence that just 
barely highlighted everyone's features.  It was a single yellow 
star.  Five planets orbited it, each world having anywhere from 
one to half a dozen moons in any range of sizes.  "This is the 
Sentinel Prime system.  One of the systems outlying the Youma 
protectorate," the three outer worlds were magnified and lit up 
as Yumi pointed to each, "Primus, Prima, and Prime Nova.  These 
were the inhabited worlds of this system."

	"They're beautiful." Minagi breathed.

	"Indeed, they -were- beautiful," she corrected.

	"Were?" Gohegi asked.

	Yumi nodded, "Yes.  As of the early morning, galactic 
standard time, this is what happened."

	The planets shrunk down and took their normal places in the 
hologram, but what happened next, none of them were prepared for.  
The sun suddenly flashed so bright, all but Yumi (who had put on 
a darkened visor) had been forced to turn away from the scene.  
When it finally cleared enough so that they might see again, they 
watched the atomized remnants of the system gather together once 
again.  Instead of creating another stellar mass however, they 
seemed be drawn inside of a hole of nothing where once the core 
of the star resided.  Within minutes nothing remained.

	Yoshou was the first to speak after a long pause, 
"So...what just happened?"  He remembered immediately after his 
question, whom it was he was talking to, and what she would 
likely say if he didn't add, "Other than its annihilation of 
course."

	She seemed mildly disappointed she didn't get to answer 
with the obvious quip, but she did begin to explain.  "Well, 
actually it's more like what you didn't see here.  This is only 
what is known to the Galaxy Police and your mot...err..."

	"Go ahead and say it." Yoshou said, "We all know what she 
really is."  Everyone tried unsuccessfully to stifle a snicker.

	"Anyway," she continued between giggles, "Heh, and your 
mother, Yoshou."  She produced a glass of water from thin air, 
took a drink, and sent it back to whatever subspace pocket she 
pulled it from, "What I know is this:  These planets were dead 
before this happened."  Her gathering looked suitably puzzled,  
"Drained.  All life energy sucked away and taken elsewhere."  A 
chart, showing wavelengths and energy patterns appeared in place 
of the now nonexistent solar system.  "I'm sure you can all 
recognize this pattern.  It was what the life-force power was 
sent out as."

	Minagi and Yoshou murmured a few choice words to 
themselves; Gohegi did as well, but also had a few things that 
occurred to him.  "So why blow up the whole system if that was 
already taken?  Why take life energy to begin with?  Why would 
the third one need it?"

	"Yes, and why the Youma?" Minagi added.

	"I have a few theories," Yumi chuckled without humor, "but 
I'm afraid I have no way to confirm them.  After all Minagi, your 
father's files, while quite enlightening, were a tad short on the 
specifics.  But then, how would he know?  This recent development 
has forced us to up the timetable.  We have to find out what's 
going on, and right now.  Before that happens to someone we care 
about, be it intentional or not."  She hesitated for a moment, 
her long ears twitching madly,  "Also, a few days ago I came 
across, or should I say, tracked down something that might give 
us the answers we need.  I was hoping for more time, but..." She 
began to fiddle with her clothing and mutter to herself.

	"Judging by your tone, Ms. Yumi, this is not something that 
you are all that certain about."  Yoshou observed, stating what 
was obvious to all, "But if it will help us to shed light on what 
is happening, would it not be better to find out now, rather than 
when it's too late?"

	"Yes.  However..." she floundered, "Damnit!  Hishima, 
c'mon!  We'll show them, then they'll understand!"

	He rose from his chair and inclined his head, "Of course 
Mistress Yumi."  Taking his cue from her, he mentally activated a 
teleportation sequence to move the group from the bridge to one 
of the many labs within this vessel.

	This one was a large and well lit perfectly square room.  
Panels and blinking lights decorated all four walls, yet the 
sound made in this room was practically nonexistent, save for 
that which the recent arrivals made.  The thing that stood out 
most about this place was the black cylinder in the center of the 
room.  It was a bit larger than a tall man, and had wires and 
tubes running all along it's outer edge.  Despite the neatness of 
the cabling in general, it was quite obvious with all the 
adapting connectors and even some welding beads; Yumi had just 
recently attached this thing directly to her equipment in this 
room.

	"Now...I'm going to let Hishima open this thing so you can 
see who's in it.  I'm sure most of you recognize this as some 
sort of stasis pod, albeit, more advanced than anything you've 
likely ever seen before.  I'm going to ask...that whatever you 
see, you stay in control of yourselves.  Believe me, if you think 
you're prepared for what this is, you are wrong in the worst 
way."  With that she nodded once to Hishima, who had already 
taken position beside the capsule.  He touched a single button on 
the makeshift console that connected to the container and stepped 
away to clear the view.  The front of the stasis pod began to 
open slowly.  Inside was a clear tube filled with a gold liquid, 
which bubbled and moved around the wires and tubes attached to...

<Metallica - The Call of Kthulu>

	"Fucking..." Gohegi transformed, shredding the sleeves of 
his robe as the blades on his forearms popped out.  With a 
frustrated jerk, he pulled the remainder of the garment off his 
body.  

	Neither Minagi nor Yoshou had made a sound, yet their 
movements were faster than thought.  Yoshou stood at the ready, a 
wooden pommel adorned by two red gems in his hands.  Pure blue 
energy formed the blade of this sword. Minagi had pulled a more 
traditional sword from subspace with her left hand and formed a 
blade of crimson energy in her right.

	"Be at ease.  He is not yet awake, nor will he wake until 
we wish it to be so."  Hishima explained in the most soothing 
voice he could muster.

	This seemed to placate Minagi and Yoshou who promptly 
disarmed, but not Gohegi.  "What is THAT doing here?!" he 
demanded.  "Do you realize who that is?!  What he has done?!"

	"Yes," Yumi answered simply.  "And then some."

	"And you haven't destroyed him yet?!"

	"No."

	An aura of blue energy sprang up around Gohegi, his normal 
serene demeanor lost; rage taking its place.  "Why?" He asked 
putting the kind of hatred in that question that has been 
responsible for the genocide of whole galaxies, right down to the 
last little subatomic microbe.

	"He probably has the answers we seek.  And if you'd calm 
yourself and THINK about it, I'm sure you'd realize why."  Yumi 
looked at him in pity, "Listen, I know what he did, to your 
people especially Gohegi, but I'm pretty sure we're going to NEED 
him.  Whatever the information he has, we'll know more than we 
did before.  Maybe enough so we'll know how to keep your new 
family safe!  And if he has none...well, it will be an easy 
enough thing to kill him.  Believe me, I would not release THAT 
if I didn't already have some controls in place.  Not the least 
of which is you, me, Hishima, Minagi, and Yoshou there!"

	Gohegi relaxed, but did not lose his scowl, "He should be 
dead.  Why isn't he dead?"

	"Yeah right.  Like he, of all beings in the cosmos, 
wouldn't have prepared for something like that.  I'm just 
surprised no one else went looking for his backup plan." Yumi 
shook her head and muttered something about stupid and smart 
people to herself, "This is the kind of thing that gets the 
heroes of stories killed later on.  Good thing for them, there 
are geniuses like me who refuse to take things for granted."

	"So are you going to revive him, or are we going to sit 
here and discuss our feelings on the subject?  Believe me, I'm 
not too thrilled with this either, but the clock is ticking."  
Minagi pointed out.

	Everyone turned toward Yoshou, "What?  The choice is clear.  
Find out what he knows, and if it's nothing, kill him, and 
continue on as before. If it's something, we get it out of him, 
and figure out what we'll do with him later."

	Then everyone turned back to Gohegi, whose face continued 
to darken as it looked on at the pod.  Still he thought, if he 
has any information, any at all...to keep my beloved safe I'd 
deal with the Devil, himself.  It looks like that is exactly what 
I'm going to have to do.  "Do it," he said finally.

	Yumi nodded toward Hishima again.  As before he touched a 
single button on the same control panel.  This time the behind 
the tube's translucent inner casing, the gold fluid began to 
bubble violently as it drained out.  Activity was seen on various 
holoscreens that sprung up around Yumi, which registered 
increasing vital signs such as heartbeat, breathing, brainwave 
activity, and others that only had meaning to her.  The tube 
split down the center and pulled away at the sides with a 
mechanical hiss; the ever widening crack spitting out steam and 
excess fluid.  Human hands clutched at the seams, steadying the 
rest of the body they were attached to. On wobbly legs, he pulled 
himself out of the pod, nearly slipping and falling to the floor.

	Not one of them lifted a finger to help him.   He pulled 
his long green hair to the side, and gave a friendly grin to each 
and every person there.

	"Well well..." he managed to croak out.  Chuckling slightly 
he reached out and pulled very small specs from nothing and put 
them on the bridge of his nose where they rested comfortably, 
"Look at all those who came to see the resurrection of Kagato. 
How utterly..." sharks couldn't smile this wide, "amusing."

<End Theme – Van Halen – Dreams>
