Eternal Heavens

Disclaimer:  I'm poor, so don't bother sueing.  I only own my original 
characters.  Hell, I don't even own some of them, heh.  I don't own any Tenchi 
characters.  To be honest I can't afford them, though I think I'm handling them 
better than AIC is. >_<

Author's forword:  I warned you all; I'm going to meander around a lot.  Trust 
me though, all loose ends will come together...though I expect if they don't 
I'll be beat 'til I'm black and blue. Heh.

Now I'll beg for C&C (hey it works for Morgan Hudson, sorry dude, just had to 
point that out. ^_-)!!! PLEASE OH PLEASE CORRECT ME!!! ^_^  I'm at 
kthardin@yahoo.com , so feel free! ^_^

Gathering of the Children
  -Vengeance Come to Me

<Opening Theme:  Sweet Child O' Mine - Guns and Roses>

<BGM: Involution - Dark Project>

	Among the greatest mysteries of life is the one that states, "Looks can 
and are almost always deceiving."  Which should lead one to wonder why we are 
given such a sense, if it quite often feeds us such false information.  That 
answer is actually very simple.
	It is not the sight that is false, but our own perception of it that leads 
said sight to be false.  Take for example, The Hall.
	The Hall, for that was the name given to the place by those who had built 
it, stood silent; save for the rustling of clothing as those present fidgeted or 
walked about on some errand or another.  Not a word was spoken aloud; barely any 
were whispered.  Most of the people simply sat in the tiered seats of the hall; 
many of whom glanced at each other in thinly veiled hatred.  Some others noted 
the glances among their neighbors and made plans to take advantage of the 
situation for whatever reason, be it for alliances or for treachery.  Still 
others typed on data pads on the tables provided before them, checking on 
various reports, issuing orders, and even sending written messages to loved 
ones.  Other forms of communication were also being employed...from runners to 
subspace comms, from semaphore to interdimensional warping.  Though perhaps one 
would think direct mind to mind communication would be by far the fastest and 
most useful.  Possible misunderstandings such as, "I am going to kill you in 
ways that will make your descendants feel it for the next twelve generations," 
would be avoided, as the meanings and feelings would be made perfectly clear; 
and the lag time between such messages would be absolutely zero.  Certainly all 
in the room were capable of simple telepathy and more, but not one would dare 
power up even a whiff in a room filled with people ready to kill each other.  
Despite the look and feel of a more organized Wall Street stock exchange, this 
large group of people made the cutthroat economics of that particular 
institution look like the play of only a few day old kittens.  There was enough 
hatred and instilled anger (much of which had become genetic by this point) that 
were anyone to even think about gathering the minute amounts of energy necessary 
to send the shortest of transmissions that one would wind up contracting himself 
a rather bad case of perished as weapons of nearly every conceivable type were 
shoved through all his vital organs in alpha-numeric order.
	Needless to say, this is something most would choose to avoid if they 
could.
	Even if that were not enough to cause the stupidest soul to quake with 
fear at such a fate, a simple look to the north end of the hall  where the 
tiered seating trailed off and then into a throne which took up the entire north 
end, would be all that was needed.
	Its beauty was awe-inspiring.  It was fashioned from hyper-dense, multi-
colored crystal that spread out from the obsidian seat, perfectly situated on 
the floor right in the center of the northern wall.  The light from the suns, 
that filtered through the skylight above reflected off the crystal in ways that 
made their colors seem to shift and move all over its wide expanse, and doubly 
so when both suns were high in the sky.  Truly a sight to behold for anyone; yet 
this wonder was not what caused the fear that would have cowed even the most 
insane of spirits.
	It was the darkness, the inky blackness which seemed to suck up the light 
refracted by the crystaline seat of power, who resided there.  It was the man 
who occasionally looked up from his data pad and, in that glance of baleful 
purple within purple eyes, gazed at everyone in a way that promised one day he 
was going to kill everyone in that room with his bare hands...slowly. It was 
him, that evoked the terror which kept those in the hall from displaying even 
the least of their natural abilities.
	For it was known also, that the man, who was named Emperor (for who else 
would have the gall to sit on such a grand seat?), had the power to do such a 
thing, and quite possibly all those in the hall combined would not have the 
power to stop him.  Indeed, he was known to be the strongest of their race.  The 
fact that there had been others stronger before him, one of which was his very 
own father who had killed the first Emperor in single combat, was of no 
consequence now.  All that was relevant was that the man sitting on that throne 
was the one who was now the most powerful of all...and more than enough to 
eliminate them in any case.
	Strange, many thought, that the Emperor of their entire race would 
seemingly hold nearly all of them in murderous contempt.  The way he glanced up 
every so often ever since he was elevated to his august rank many centuries ago, 
had only gotten steadily worse; and still chilled each and every one of them to 
the bone when he did let his eyes rove the various leaders, military commanders, 
delegates, representatives, and what have you that actually ran his empire and 
all the clans, families, and other associations therein.
	"WILL THE EMPEROR OF ALL TETRAN CONSENT TO RECEIVE THE HEIR?"
	A startled silence followed and all activity ceased.  All eyes turned 
toward the large ceremonial doors, and it's guardian who had made the 
announcement, that covered the southern end of the hall.  Like the throne, it 
too was constructed of the same multicolored crystal and took up the entire 
expanse of the southern wall, and the tiered seating tapered off before it 
reached said entrance.
	The man on the throne looked up from the forms on his table, his eyes 
boring into the door's guardian with such an intensity that it was no wonder the 
protector was not reduced to a pile of ash on the spot.  It seemed the Emporer 
spoke barely above a whisper, yet no one could deny that they heard the words he 
spoke or the power that was carried with them when he said "Let the Heir come 
forth."
	The doors on the south wall began to lumber open soundlessly, and 
impossibly without mechanics, for they were too large for simple physical 
strength to be used without destroying the door.  Still no one did so much as 
touch the shimmering brilliance around it, and still it opened outward of the 
room.  At the same time, the Emporer's desk withdrew into the floor; removing 
all barrieres between himself and the Heir.
	Within moments it was revealed that it was indeed a solitary man that was 
causing this to happen.  He stood, with his arms stretched out before him, 
opening wider as the door moved...a force that shimmered and warped the air 
emanating from his arms and surrounding the doors.  His body shimmered in a soft 
colored orange light as the power continued to flow from to open the doors with 
the utmost care.  A most interesting effect; considering the reflective property 
of his blue colored full body armor.  
	A strange thing happened to those in the room then.  Where before everyone 
had their own agenda, now all combined looked upon this newcomer with a mutual 
respect and, in some cases, adoration.  All put aside their hatred, their anger, 
and their imperative to kill their neighbor and practically genuflected in the 
Heir's presence, as he walked through those massive doors with a small entourage 
in tow.
	The aura remained around him, as he used it to smooth back his long blue-
black hair and close the doors behind him in a far less melodramatic fashion.
	This man was not pretty in any way shape or form, but his power did not 
lie with his looks.  He carried his power with sheer force of will; he radiated 
authority and charisma in such mass quantities that one could not help but give 
him the respect he demanded.
	He could be walking into The Hall right now, naked as the day he was born, 
and still command the very same obeisance.
	Well, maybe not the same, as it would be likely that the females present 
would be in various stages of fainting, but then again that could be considered 
a form of err...respect.  Maybe.
	Quite a number of the female persuasion were almost at that point 
regardless of his clothing.  Still it was a strange thing that when he came here 
this time for all his attention was directed at the seat of power itself; his 
face set in an expression of cold inscrutability.
	Considering he was smiles and nods during previous visits, this was indeed 
a cause for some concern.  It seemed that the Heir had bad news for the Throne.
	All wondered what it could be.  Was the empire being invaded?  Had perhaps 
the Juraians or some other empire declared openly hostile intentions?  Did some 
sort of disaster, such as the great T'larian massacre, happen?  Speculation, 
such as this, was inevitable, but quickly pushed aside and dismissed as 
needless.  They would know the answer soon enough.
	Some eyes then roved over those that came with the Heir.  Behind him, 
walked his wife and his daughter.  A vision of loveliness his wife was, with 
strange hair that would seem to shift colors from white to purple in patterns 
that responded to the way the suns would hit her tresses through the crystalline 
skylight above them.  She too wore the severely metallic blue armor, but in her 
case it only highlighted what was already a flawless figure.  Indeed, she was 
the target of much jealousy and envy by the women present; for she had the most 
perfect figure, and the most desirable husband that could be imagined.  Not only 
that, but she was wise in the ways of politics, and a shrewd commander, both on 
the field and in the home.  She was the perfect compliment to her husband, who 
shared that genius.
	Honestly, if ever they decided it was time to remove the current holder of 
The Throne, they would find all the support they could ever hope to have within 
the families of The Eternal Tetranian Empire.  This despite the fact it would be 
suicide for them to try.
	It was also easy to see, however, that as those in The Hall looked upon 
the pair with a worshipful adoration, the Heir and his wife looked upon the 
Emporer in the same fasion.
	Their daughter however...
	How was it possible that two, who were so perfect and so perfectly 
matched, could produce...that?!
	She had inherited what seemed nothing of what either of her parents should 
have provided her.  She was rather thin and underdeveloped, and quite a bit 
shorter than them both; which caused the blue armor she wore to seem to hang off 
her pre-pubescent frame.  Her hair was an unhealthy looking shade of platinum 
blond, which was rather stringy and unkempt, though if you were her maids, 
they'd tell you how impossible it was to do anything with her tresses.  Worst of 
all her eyes, which were the same blue on blue color as her parents, and 
seemingly the only trait she had inherited from either, had a vacant look to 
them.  Perhaps even a bit of boredom, but whatever it was, it was certain to 
those present she was hardly the genius she should have been, considering who 
she had for parents.
	All three began to traverse the distance to the seat of power itself, 
their foot steps being the only thing heard in The Hall as all had grown silent 
after sensing the Heir's move.  They stepped in time, each amplifying the other, 
and all echoing loudly off the walls surrounding them, seeming to herald in a 
doom that would shortly be realized.  As the Heir and his family passed, each 
felt the passage of the One Who Brings Eternal Night in his bone.  None could 
escape the chill it brought.
	All too briefly, the steps ended, and the three stood face to face with 
their lord and master.  They kneeled before him upon one knee; their heads 
hanging low.
	"You have failed."  If one could have seen the faces of the Heir and his 
wife, a slight tightening, akin to the reaction to the pain of taking a blow, 
would have been evident at the Emperor's statement.  Their daughter, at least, 
knew enough to keep silent being that she was way out of her depth.
	The Emperor stood then, his table sinking into the floor; he stood, and 
kept on standing.  He stood until he was fully erect, all seven feet of him.  He 
was indeed very tall, but he was also incredibly broad of shoulder; making him a 
veritable Titan physically.  Like the Heir, he too projected an aura that 
demanded the respect due him, but unlike the Heir, it was not the kind that 
instilled loyalty through love, but then that was more than evident before.
	Now, standing at full attention, the menace that he exuded permeated the 
room; overpowering the respect those in the room bore the Heir.
	There was calculation, consideration, even curiosity, but mostly fear.  
For he had failed.  The HEIR had failed.  It was hardly conceivable, considering 
the Heir had never failed at any task set before him, no matter how daunting.  
Still it was known that the Emperor had little tolerance for failure, and 
usually only one punishment was administered.  This was the Heir though.  Surely 
there would only be a small penance for this, before he was sent to correct this 
error...whatever it happened to be.  It was inconceivable that there would be 
anything else.
	"How long has it been?  Seven-hundred years?  Eight-hundred?"  The Emperor 
asked casually.  "I asked you to look into why our empire was suffering what 
looked to be some sort of attack upon our sovereign.  Pirate raids, random 
destruction, and even whole lesser families being destroyed every now and then.  
Yet you report that there is no clue, there is no trace?  No god we might have 
offended?  No revolutionary activity?  No setup for a possible coup attempt of 
any family?  Not even a chain of natural disasters?  Nothing, but destruction 
for no rhyme or reason, and completely random."  As the Emperor spoke, his voice 
became more and more hoarse, his anger seeping through, and in doing so 
agitating the wound he suffered to his throat long before he became the Emperor.  
If one were to look closely, assuming they dared to, one could still see the 
messy scar right along his voice box.
	There are many stories as to how he might have acquired it.  Some say he 
dueled the original Emperor in The Hall, and was wounded in this manner before 
his father interfered and finally put the old Emperor down once and for all.  
Others said he received this wound as some kind of lesson in his training as a 
Deneign warrior priest; the symbol for which was branded forever more on the 
back his left hand; that of a Dragon, wings spread wide, atop a Phoenix, 
screaming with joy as if it had just arose from its ashes, signaling it's 
rebirth.
	The most unbelievable one, however, was that he was defending his second 
wife in one of the innumerable battles that took place between the families as 
they jockeyed for position in the ranks of their empire.  In that one it was 
said he did indeed fight the Emperor himself, as the K'thardin family to which 
he hailed had grown so strong as to challenge the old Emperor's power.  Rather 
than kill his enemy, the Emperor rendered him helpless, wounded his voice (which 
was said to actually be his most beautiful feature, for what is a handsome man) 
and then forced him to watch as he raped and murdered his second wife; which was 
meant to be a message to both him and everyone else that to attempt to usurp the 
throne was to invite a fate worse than death.
	While that story was not believed by most, it did amuse all somewhat.  For 
if true, it was quite obvious now, that little message had the opposight effect.  
Then again, it would be another explanation why the current Emperor did what he 
did to the one he usurped just after the old Emperor's defeat.
	The old Emperor screamed for forty days and nights before he was finally 
allowed to die.  During that time the current Emperor and his father carted all 
the current heads of the families and the various other associations in to watch 
the entire gruesome ordeal.
	Needless to say that assassination and coup attempts were few and far 
between.
	Now what the Emperor was saying about the attacks were well known to all 
present.  In fact, most of them had suffered from these...disasters in various 
degrees ranging from the equivalent of a bug bite to having one's legs and arms 
slowly chewed off.  That the Heir could not find the cause of this was 
disturbing in and of itself.
	"The most you have gotten for us is that all of these occurrences are 
related somehow. You received this information from the oracles, prophets, and 
truth-sayers that are in our fair empire.  A dubious, but as of yet, ONLY source 
of information."  The Emperor walked toward the kneeling Heir and his entourage.  
Kneeling down, he placed his hands upon the shoulders of the Heir, and lifted 
him to standing; though he only came up to the Emperor's chest and kept his head 
bowed before the taller man.  His wife and his daughter were then silently 
motioned to rise as well; haltingly they did so, keeping their heads low as 
well.
	"You who were responsible for conquering the Jinai, the last of the 
autonomous empires within this galaxy and facilitating its assimilation into 
ours.  You who discovered why and how the T'larian family was annihilated (may 
we never offend the Mad One again).  You who actually negotiated a peaceful 
settlement with the Juraians over the intergalactic trade routes between our two 
galaxies.  You who have never failed at any other deed and task I set before 
you."  His scratchy voice grew quiet again, but as before all heard what was 
said as clear as distilled water.  "C'mon!  This is really messing The Empire 
up.  Not only is it inconveniencing us, it's making a fool of us.  Of all of us!  
Every man woman and child in the empire!  Did you lose your pride, man?  Are you 
not the Heir to all Tetran?  Are you not the one who will inherit everything 
when your time for ruling comes?"
	"Please My Lord!  Please!  My husband has serv..."  As quickly as the 
Heir's wife tried to speak in her husband's defense, so too was she silenced as 
the Emperor cast a baleful glance in her direction.  The daughter began to 
tremble ever so slightly, as the enormity of the situation began to sink into 
her young mind and fear began to take over.
	"Have you nothing to say for...yourself?"  The Heir's head shot up, and 
for a brief moment anger flashed across his eyes at the Emperor's somewhat 
obscure insult registered upon his mind.
	Quickly dismissed as the Heir nearly broke down in tears before his master 
and said with as much humility as he could muster, "I beg of you My Emperor 
Ryuken.  I only wish to serve you.  I beg for another chance.  This will not 
happen again, I swear to you on my soul."
	"Indeed," the Emperor nodded his head grimly, "This will not happen 
again."
	It happened so fast; that it seemed nothing had happened at all. 	Yet, the 
Emperor's movement, and flash of power, was felt.
	The two of them stood there for what seemed an eternity, before both the 
Heir and his wife fell heavily to their knees making a clanking sound that 
echoed throughout The Hall.  They hovered in that position momentarily, then 
they fell to the floor limply in unison, their armor ringing out, like a final 
tolling of the bells at midnight.  Only when they hit the ground, did their 
heads roll from their bodies; their faces still set in masks of humility, and 
now set like that forevermore.
	A shocked silence fell over The Hall, no one believing what had just 
happened.
	Surely..?  How..?  What...?  Can't be...just...can't be.
	No one spoke, but they did move; many to rise from their seats, and even 
one to draw her weapons.
	How could the Emperor possibly do...THAT!?
	The Emperor eyes noted the bright flash of a psi weapon being activated, 
and with the barest flicker of his power, destroyed it's source.  Not to mention 
a few other unlucky individuals that happened to be too close to her.
	Everyone sat back down quickly as his eyes roved over each again, 
promising he'd do the same given even a fraction of an excuse.
	"It is true this will not happen again," the Emperor Ryuken stated as he 
continued to gaze at the congregation before him, "but it is also true I now 
need a new Heir."  Without hesitation he pointed.  "You.  You will be my new 
Heir."
	And the former Heir's daughter, still unable to believe that her parents 
were laying dead at her feet, their crimson blood now pooling below her yet not 
gaining purchase upon her armor, turned a shocked look to her sovereign.  All 
color had drained from her face, and her shaking causing a slight rattling sound 
as the various bits of her armor tapped against each other.
	"My first command to you is to complete what your father was incapable of.  
If you should repeat his failure, this will be your fate.  Do you understand, my 
Heir," he asked placing an extreme emphasis on her new title to drive the 
reality of it home.
	A shuddering nod was the only response she was able to give.
	"Good.  Now leave, and when next I send for you, have the answer with you.  
If you find it before then; make me aware of this."  To her credit, though how 
she did it was anyone's guess, she managed to turn and walk calmly to the huge 
double doors that were opened by their guardians for her, for once outside, she 
ran for dear life.
	The Emperor then instructed the guards to remove the bodies and have the 
mess up on the seventh tier cleaned up, but all the while he kept an open eye on 
the masses of the Leaders of the Tetran before him.
	The daughter of the previous Heir was not someone that the families would 
follow without question.  That ungangly and ugly girl did not have the genius or 
the charisma that were the trademark of her parents.  How could the Emperor make 
her, of all present, the new Heir?  How could the Emperor just KILL THE HEIR 
LIKE THAT?!
	Amidst all the outrage, and anger and shame he saw reflected in many 
faces, Ryuken also saw the beginnings of calculation, of how best to make use of 
this new situation.  He saw alliances crumble, new ones form almost instantly.  
Old hatreds began to flare up, while new ones were just forming.  Others were 
buried, and forgotten in light of what was done to their Heroes.
	Yes, Ryuken thought, as he took his place upon the crystalline seat of 
power.  Perfect.  A truly satisfied smile appeared on his face.
	"Let the endgame begin," he said quietly.

<Ending theme - Dreams - Van Halen>
