You now the rules, if your under 18, don't read anymore. 
Tenchi muyo and all affliated characters are property of
AIC and Pioneer LDC.  This lemon has nothing to do with the 
real Tenchi Muyo and neither
AIC or Pioneer LDC was involved in this story.







Everybody has secrets

In this lemon Sasami, Aeka, Ryoko and Mihoshi all live in 
Tenchi's house. The old man Tenchi lives with (can't remember 
his name) is away, somewhere 'cause I didn't want him in this 
story. Sasami and Aeka shares room, the other ones all have 
their own rooms.


It was around 03:45 when Tenchi woke up, he had a really nice 
dream about himself, Aeka and Ryoko fucking.
He wondered why he had awakened and then realized that he 
heard noices from the living-room.
He took his sword and slowly walked down the stairs. But there 
was nobody there so he went up to the second floor again and 
when he was walking past Sasamis door, he noticed that the 
light was on in her room, he saw light coming out from her 
keyhole and the gap under her door. He peeked through the 
keyhole and he was really suprised by what he saw. Sasami 
stood infront of the mirror and stripped while fingering her 
pussy! She wa only wearing a kimono so the striptease was 
short. Tenchi felt his teenage cook rise and thought:s   
"Maybe I shouldn't do this, she has her own private life, like 
everybody else. But still, this doesn't happen so often!"
He continued to watch and she was now completely naked. She 
sat on her bed and her legs were wide apart and she had a big 
dildo that she drow up in her pussy. She drow it up and down 
for a minute or two, then she drow it faster and faster and 
then she finally came. She then hid the dildo under her bed. 
Tenchi stopped looking and realized that Sasami was sharing 
room with Aeka! The keyhole was big so he could see Aekas bed 
too, but it was empty. Then he heard someone walking up the 
stairs. He returned to his room and peeked trhough his keyhole 
to see who it was. It was Ryoko! She sneaked inside her room 
and after rhat mihoshi came and sneaked inside her room. What 
the hell did they all do in the middle of the night? Tenchi 
was clueless so he walked back to his bed to sleep.

Next day

Tenchi woke up around 10:20. He went down to the kitchen and 
everybody was there eating breakfeast.
They didn't act strange or anything, everything were as it 
always had been, Sasami ate cereals quietly but
When she saw Tenchi she started yappin about a lot of shit. 
Tenchi did'nt lissen, he was looking on Ryoko and Aeka as they 
were fighting abouy wich one of them Tenchi likes the most, as 
usual. Mihoshi was starring at the TV, it was a rerun they 
show every morning, but Mihoshi didn't care. Maybe she was 
thinking of something else.
Later that they, Sasami suggested they'd go out and camp. 
Everybody was in for it. So they decided they would go around 
18.00 to the camping place and stay there until the next day.
Aeka: Are we going to have or own tents or is everybody going 
to be in the same?
Mihoshi: Waht does it matter?
Aeka: Well there is someone I don't want to have in the same 
romm as me when I sleep
Ryoko: She doesn't like you Tenchi.
Aeka: I ment you, you stupid little slut!
Aeka ran upstairs crying
Ryoko: Cute, isn't she?
Tenchi: Well, maybe we should have double tents so two persons 
fit each. Sasami, will you share with Aeka?
Sasami: Yep, Sasami share with Aeka!
Tenchi: Mihoshi, you and Ryoko.
Mihoshi: Ok.
Ryoko: Why not you and me Tenchi.
Tenchi: Erg. I'll take the single tent.



Later

As planned, they left by 18:00, and after an hour of walking, 
they were finally there.
It was already dark and it took a while for them to set up the 
tents. Ryoko made up fire with one finger,
But since it's a magic finger, it's not so hard. They sat 
around the fire for a while and ate Daikou misou soup.
They were really hungry after the long walk. By 23:30 they 
decided to sleep. Tenchi couldn't sleep. He only thought about 
what the girls was doing last night. He sneaked outside his 
tent and noticed that when the girls had a flash light on in 
their tents, the tents was almost transparent! Since it was 
dark outside and the flashlights was not so good, they 
couldn't see him. So he lay down on the ground only 3 meters 
from Sasami and Aekas tent
And 5 meters from Mihoshi and Ryokos tent. He can see them all 
perfectly clear. Mihoshi and Sasami leaves their tents and 
enter the other ones. So Aeka and Mihoshi are in a tent and 
Sasami and Ryoko in the other.
Tenchi is surprised when he sees that Mihoshi is taking her 
clothes of so that she only have her panties on.
Aeka does that too. Tenchis cook rises when he sees Aekas sexy 
breasts. The two girls lies down in Aekas bed and starts to 
hug each other, then they starts to kiss each other all over 
and Mihoshi licks Aekas breasts, she seems to like them too. 
Aeka stands up and takes of her panties. Techi can only see 
her beautiful ass now.
Aeka lies down and Mihoshi is licking Aekas pussy hard. She 
wants to moan but then she knows the tents aren't so sound 
proof. Oh I'm coming Mihoshi, she whispers. I'm coming! Oh 
yeah! Oh!!!!!!!
Aeka cms in Mihoshis face. Now Aeka is finger-fucking Mihoshis 
shiny little pussy.
Mihoshi cant hold out for so long so she cms too. Tenchi 
returns to his tent. He can see that Sasami and Ryoko is 
talking and that Ryoko leaves the tent. She's approaching 
Tenchis tent! He pretends to sleep when Ryoko enters his tent 
uninvited.
"Tenchi! Did you like what you saw in Aekas tent?"
"Snooore"
"I know you're awake Tenchi. 
She sits behind him and starts to take off her clothes.
When she's fully naked, she lay down next to him and starts to 
kiss his neck.
What are you doing Ryoko!?
I knew you were awake Tenchi. Come on! I know you want to!
Oh Alright!
Hmm! Your dick is hard! So you did like what you saw!
Tenchi (red face): Umm.
Ryoko: Come on! Show me what you got
She undresses him in a second and starts to ride him. She 
slides up and down, back and forward slowly
He's grabbing her ass now and squeezes it with his hands as 
she rides faster and faster.
Oh TENCHI! OH, OH, OH!
She's riding him as fast as she can now!
Tenchi feels his gonna cum soon and ryoko sees that on his 
face. So she stops and starts to suck his big cook instead. It 
doesn't take long before he cums and Ryoko seems happy.
She returns to her tent and Tenchi falls asleep, with a smile 
on his face.









Man its really hard to write these lemons, this was my first 
and I don't know if it was good,
If you think it was good, won't you please mail me with your 
comments?

This is my story and I wrote it, if you copy it and sell it 
for profit or get any credits for it
I'll sue you. And if that doesn't work I'll kick your ass!
