Evil Susami

by: Mecha Dude

WARNING: Caffeine/late night induced!


     The dimensional door into Washu's lab opens and Susami walks in and closed it. 
Normally the door crab would have alerted Washu to anyone who entered (minus Mihoshi),
tonight was different.  The diminutive scientist was past out on the floor by her floating pillow. 
Susami walks up to the pillow, sits on it, and reaches forward causing the holo-computer to
appear.  She starts to type, faster and faster.  After a few minutes she stops, the computer beeps
and a green hair barrette lands in her lap.  She sticks it in her hair, then reaches her hand into
nothing.  She pulls her hand out and types a little bit on the computer.  Before she turns it off the
message of "All activity logs modified" blinks.  Susami walks to the dimensional door opens it
and leaves.


The next morning.

     "Good morning Tenchi." A very seductive voice says.  Tenchi blinks his sleepy eyes open
and beholds Ryoko's face floating above him.

     GHHAAAA! "Will please stop doing that Ryoko!"  He yells.  He crawls out of bed and
runs to the bathroom.  "Before you even think of it Ryoko, no."  Ryoko follows him to the
bathroom door.

     "But Tenchi!" she pleads to the door and starts pawing it like a cat.  Ayeka walks out of
her room and sees Ryoko at the door.

     "Miss Ryoko!  Such behavior!" she yells.  Ryoko stands and turns to Ayeka.

     "Well you could try if you want princess." she says as she floats through the floor.

     "Why you!" grrrrrr.


     Susami is in the kitchen cooking when she hears them start blowing things up.  "Will
those two ever learn?" she asks no one in paticular.  The cabbit meows.  =But I hope they don't,
just so that I can teach them.  Oh how I will enjoy that!=  Susami grins slyly.

     After a few minutes everyone is eating.  Ryoko is fawning over Tenchi, Ayeka is yelling
at her, Mihoshi is babbling, and Washu is looking like she slept on a cold metal floor all last
night.  Susami comes in and sits down next to her sister and starts eating.  Ayeka and Ryoko are
having a tug-o-Tenchi match.

     "Ryoko you let lord Tenchi go this instant!" she pulls hard on Tenchi's left arm.

     "Why don't you let him go princess, I had him first!" Ryoko pulls on her arm.  Tenchi
looks like he is being pulled in half by two strong aliens.

     =Why doesn't Ayeka just coperat with Ryoko?= Susami thinks to herself, =But no, she
has to be a ryoal bitch, not that Ryoko the space slut is helping any.=  Tenchi finally frees
himself and runs of to the carrot fields.  Ryoko and Ayeka grumble at each other and continue
eating.  =If I...=  Her train of thought is broken a Mihoshi babbles even louder.  "Mihoshi can
you please calm down I don't think Washu is feeling too well."

     "Oh I have just the thing!"  She pulls out her cube and starts playing with it under the
table.  It glows for a seconde and jumps up hitting the bottom of the table.  Susami's bowl of
soup flips over and lands in her lap.  The hot soup pours over her dress burning her.

     Owwww! Susami yells.

     "Oh!  I'm so sorry Susami let me get a towel."  Mihoshi says and runs off.


     Later a very pissed off Susami is cleaning the dishes.  ="I'm so sorry..." You'll be sorry
you blond bitch.  I finally had it with you and the others being so damn stupid.  You mess with
me you'll get burned!=  She grimaces.  =Any second now...=

     Crash!  Susami comes walking into the living room.  Ayeka and Ryoko and standing
there looking at the colapeds couch.  Mihoshi is in the middle of it.  "Mihoshi are you all right?"
she asks in her cute voice.

     "Ow,ow,ow." Mihoshi gets up,"I just sat down to watch my favorite soap opera and it
colapsed!"

     "That must be bad luck.  The couch must be realy old to do that."  Susami says.

     =Bad luck for Mihoshi?= Ryoko thinks to herself,"For others maybe but not her, oh well
.=


     Later in the carrot fields Susami brings him his lunch.  "Hiya Tenchi!"

     Tenchi smiles at her.  "Hi Susami, thank you for bringing me lunch!"

     "It's nothing Tenchi."  she says as she lays out a blanket.  =Nothing really except the mild
aphrodisiac, and the sleepyness drug.=  "Nothing at all."

     Later Tenchi is leaning agenst a tree looking a little tired.  Susami is sitting next to him
drinking.  Tenchi pats his stomach, "Susami that was wonderful as always!  Thank you so
much!" he smiles at her.

     Susami leans a little closer, "Your welcome Tenchi, I would do anything to make you
happy!" she smiles to him.

     =Now why did that sound a little weird?= he thinks to himself.  He gets a sniff of Susami
and get a little tingling sensation in his crotch.  =Whow!  What am I thinking!=  He quickly gets
up.  "Well I better get back to the carrots."

     "Please Tenchi why don't you rest a little bit more?"

     "If I don't work on the carrots Ryo-ohki won't have any."

     =Damn cabbit!  Your greed will be your own undoing!=


     "Hey has anyone seen Ryo-ohki?" asks Ryoko.

     "I say her run out the back door, maybe she's in the carrots again?" Ayeka says.  They
walk to the food shed and see a large pile of carrots on the floor.  A weak meow is heard from
underneath.  Ryoko pulls the cabbit out and looks at it.

     "See what happens when you get too greedy, you could have got hurt."

     "Look who's talking Ryoko, but its more like lust."  Ayeka prods.


     All the girls except Washu are watching tv on the floor when Washu comes out her door. 
She dosn't notice the carrot laying on the floor.  She steps on it and falls down bang her head on
the floor and not moving.  "Little Washu!" Ayeka yells.  They run over, Susami rolls her over. 
Washu is out cold.  Ayeka moves Susami out of the way and picks up Washu. Everyone except
Susami go upstairs.  No one noticed the dark look that she gave her sister.


     They all head back down, Ayeka first.  Halfway down she trips and rolls and tumbles to
the floor.  She too doesn't move.  Ryoko checks out Ayeka, who calms out of it, and finds that
her left foot is sprained.

     "Oh my!  Everyone has had such bad luck today.  First me, the Ryo-ohki, then Washu,
and now Ayeka!"  Mihoshi says.

     Ryoko turns to the blond.  "Mihoshi its not called bad luck its called someone is doing
this to us."

     "That just leaves three people who could have done it." Ayeka says.  "You, Susami, and
Tenchi.  Now Tenchi was out in the fields when all the happened.  That leaves you and Susami." 
Ayeka looks at Ryoko as if she was the one who done it.

     "Hey, no me!  Anyway why would I be so tricky!"

     "Yhea, your right.  You don't have enough brains to do it."

     "What!"

     "Please don't fight!"  Susami pleads.  "Maybe it was someone who had something happen
to them already."

     "Your right Susami" Ryoko says,"Maybe one of us was even brain washed to not
remeber."


     Susami puts that last of the hair on the pile in on the floor and lights it up.  She watches
the hair slowly burn before turning around heading back to her futon and waits.

     Ahhhhhhh!  Everyone wakes up to the screaming and the smoke.  Then all the women
start to scream as well.  Everyone runs into the main room, Tenchi see the fire and doses it with
water.  Ryoko is seen kneeling before the burnt pile with the burnt remains of her hair.  Ayeka
too is distraught.  Mihoshi is crying on Tenchi's shoulder, and Washu is looking pissed.

     "That's it if I ever get my hands on this trouble maker thier dead.  She storms into her lab
and slams the door.

     =He,he.  Bitch!=  Susami thinks evilly.


     Mihoshi sporting a crew cut, Ryoko and Susami sporting matching short hair, and a very
tired looking Tenchi are eating breakfast.  "She won't leave the room.  It's like she lost a family
member."  Susami says.

     "Wahsu even snarled at me when I tried to get her for breakfast."  Tenchi says.

     "M...M...My..."  Mihoshi whimpers.

     "It's just hair, big deal.  Lucky me mine grows back fast."  Ryoko comments.

     =Excellent they are all playing into my hand.  Now the fun really begins...=

     Washu comes walking into the kitchen completely bald, with a pissed look on her face. 
"It was someone in this house, and it was female.  She used scissors, and I detected several small
dimisonal openings and closings."

     "You mean you could have done it little Washu?"  Tenchi asks.

     "Yes I could have, but I too the worst of the hair cuting."  Washu says.

     "Ahhhhh!" smash!  Everyone runs upstairs and finds that the bathroom door has fell on
Ayeka.  Tenchi pulls the door off her and holds her to him.  She is whimpering and shuddering. 
"Washu find out who did this!  I'll make them pay!"  Tenchi says his face red in anger.

     =Shit!  That was not in the plan.  I'll need to drug him.=

     "Ok everyone come with me to my lab."


     Tenchi is hooked up to bulb helmet.  "I'm using Tenchi as a diagnostic and sample.  Once
that's done everyone will be tested to see which one of us is the sneak.  Ryoko you first." 
Everyone gets tested, turns up to be the culprit.  "I don't understand it.  None of us are it but it
was one of us. The machine must be broken."  Washu scolds herself.

     "It has to be one of us.  Nothing happened to Tenchi, so whoever is doing this must be
trying to scare us away from him." Mihoshi says.  Washu looks at Mihoshi for a few seconds.

     "Now I see how you managed to stay a detective so long Mihoshi."  Washu comments.

     "Why thank you!"

     "It wasn't a complement."

     "Oh, ok." Mihoshi says.



     Washu walks up to the group standing in the living room, waving a data pad.

     "With this I can find out who is doing it through the dimensional redistribution of space
and time." Washu says.

     "Huh?" Mihoshi is lost.

     "This will find out who is doing it."

     "Oh wow!" Mihoshi says.

     Washu starts typing away, then uses it to scan Tenchi, then Ryoko.  When she gets to
Ayeka a knife falls from the ceiling, impaling itself in the pad.

     "Damn!  I'll never find out who it is at this rate.  But at we now know it is not Ryoko."

     "Miss Washu, where is Ryo-Ohki?" Mihoshi asks.

     "Lets find her." Tenchi says.

     Later they find Ryo-Ohki leashed just out of the reach of a carrot, one they she has been
trying to get long before they got there.

     "Who would do such a thing?" Mihoshi asks.

     "A very sick mind indeed.  I'll need to reformulate my search methods." Washu says.


     After a week of no new incidents everyone starts to get less edgy, then ......

     Ayeka walks out of the Osan the color blue.

     All of Mihoshi's cloths are shredded.

     Someone replaced all of Ryoko's saki with vinegar.

     Washu's specimens ran lose in her lab thrashing it.

     All of Susami's personal stuff was stolen.

     Ryo-Ohki was shaved baled.

     Tenchi is walking back and forth in front of the girls.  "We got to do something!" He
slams his fist in his palm.

     "We'll it will be a bit before I can use what's in my lab." Washu says.

     "We can't use the lab, the culpret knows how to fake any test results."

     "Then what can we do?" Ayeka asks.

     "Leave." Ryoko says.

     "What!?"

     "Simple, if the culprit want us out of here so bad we should just leave." And with that
Ryoko walks out of the house, orders Ryo-ohki to transform, and flies off.

     "She can't just do that!" Ayeka screams.

     "But she just did." Mihoshi points out.

     "Will you use your head a little more you stupid, moronic, twit!" Ayeka says, then storms
up the stairs.

     =My plan is even doing better then I thought!  Now for phase two!=


     Washu is busy typing away when Mihoshi walks in.

     "Mihoshi don't touch anything.  What do you want?"

     "Susami sent me down to tell you lunch is ready." Mihoshi says.

     "I'll be up in a minute." Washu says off handedly.

     Mihoshi walks off then an explosions heard.  Washu runs to the source and finds Mihoshi
sprawled on the floor near a now broken piece of equipment.

     "I thought I tolled you not to touch anything!  That experiment you just ruined was 5,000
years in the making.  That's a long time even for one of my experiments!" Washu yells at a dizy
Mihoshi.

     "B-but I didn't do ..." Mihoshi tries to say but Washu interrupts.

     "Get out!  Get out!  Get out!  I never want you in here again!  If I do I'll turn you into a
newt or worse!"

     Mihoshi runs out of the lab, Washu yelling at her all the way.

     Tenchi is sitting down when Mihoshi runs out of Washu's lab's door.  It slams behind her. 
Mihoshi is crying up a storm.  Tenchi walks over.

     "Mihoshi are you alright?"

     "Washu hates me and it's not my fault!"

     "What happened Mihoshi?"

     "I was walking by one of Washu's experiments, then it blew up, and she yelled at me, and
chased me, and ..." Mihoshi babbles on and on.

     "It's alright Mihoshi.  We'll talk to Washu when she calms down." Tenchi says, holding
Mihoshi to show is support.

     Ayeka walks by and sees Tenchi holding Mihoshi in his arms.  =Why that sneaky bimbo! 
First it's Ryoko, now her!=  She storms off.


     "I'm leaving Tenchi!" Mihoshi says between sniffs.

     "But why?"

     "No one want's me around here anymore, so I'm leaving!" Mihoshi says, then twists her
cube and teleports to her ship.  The ship flies out of the pond and into the sky.

     "Mihoshi!" Tenchi yells at the ship.

     =He, he.  Two down, two to go!=


     "Since you can't generate the light hawk wings on command, I have no reason to stay
here any more.  Goodbye Tenchi."  Washu says, kisses him on the cheek, and walks into her lab
door.  When it closes, it wavers slightly then reverts back to a normal looking door.

     "Not you too Washu." Tenchi says speaking to the floor.

     =Only sister dearest left.=


     "One of them must have been the one, nothing has happened since then." Ayeka says
relaxing in the osan.

     "Yeah, but I miss them all!" Susami says.  =I loved fucking them over.=

     "Well I don't now that they are all gone, I and lord Tenchi can finally be together. 
Susami can you get me a towel?"

     "Ok." =Order me around!  I'll show you!=  When Susami got out of Ayeka's sight, she
went to the top pond and pourd a vial in the water.  Then she put her cloths on and walked out
the osan.

     "Susami will you hurry up please."  "I wonder way the water is so murky."  "Susami. 
Suasmi?"  =Where is she?=  Ayeka moves to get up, when she does she notices that the water is
clinging to her like syrup.  She slips and sinks back down.  She tries to get back up again, but
finds the water to hard.  "Help!  Help me!" Ayeka yells.

     Susami is walking down the hall, hearing Ayeka's screams for help.  "Ha, that will show
her."  Susami says.  "Now to go visit Tenchi." She leers, and rubs her hand together.


     A foot appears near the edge of the pool.  Ayeka looks up and stops screaming.

     "What are you doing here?" Ayeka asks the person.


     "Show her what?" A female voice says from the shadows.

     Susami turns to the voice.  "No it can't be!"  Susami runs, but is knocked down.  Susami
is dragged into the shadows by her legs.  "Help!  Help me!"

     "No one can help you now! hahahahhahahah!"


     Tenchi is sitting in his room fuming.  Someone knocks on the door.  "Go away, don't
bother me." he says.  The door opens and Mihoshi walks in.

     "Mihoshi!" Tenchi runs up to her and hugs her.  "I thought you left!"

     "Oh no!  Ryoko was waiting for one of us to leave too.  She talked to me, telling me that
if she waited, everyone who wasn't the culprit would leave."

     "But what about Washu?'

     "Who me?" Washu says walking out of the shadows.

     "How did you do that?"

     "Easy, anyway once I calmed down I went over to my destroyed experiment.  That's
where I found this!" Washu says then waves a strand of long blue-green hair at Tenchi.

     "Susami!" Tenchi says.

     "Yup, once I figured that out I contacted my daughter and we filled each other in.  I need
some more proof first."

     "More proof?" Tenchi asks puzzled.

     "Me." Ayeka says.  Ayeka is incased in a murky solid block of water, Ryoko is standing
behind her.

     "What happened?"

     "My little sister did this."  Ryoko starts to rip off chucks off water.

     "Where is Susami?"

     "Oh, getting what she deserves.  Don't worry, she'll be alright; mostly alright anyway. 
Then we'll have a nice long talk with her.  He he." Washu says, her teeth gleaming.


     Susami is running around inside a large tank, running after her is a creature that is all
tenticals.

     "AAAAAHHHHHH!"  Susami screams.