Disclaimer: Pioneer owns Tenchi Muyo! I own no part of it. The song "Wish You 
Were Here" was written and performed by the Rednex.
Claimer: Devon Kane is owned by my co-writer, Kenn Sprinkle, and Riko is mine!
=-=-=-=-=
First Knight
Chapter Four: Seduction of a princess
Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
=-=-=-=-=
A Week Ago.
Another relaxing day presents itself as Misa sweeps the shrine. After a 
rainstorm last night, the grass has a bit more green to it. For Misa, sweeping 
the shrine offers a chance to admire the plantlife after that life-giving drink.
"I know you're there, Devon," she says to the wind. A moment later, the said 
figure appears from his hiding spot. "You're watching me again?"
"Nah. I was just relaxing. I didn't want to disturb you. Something's bothering 
you, from what I can see."
"Actually, you're right. Something is bothering me." Walking over to him, 
"Something about what you did yesterday, after you fought Seiryo."
"What? You didn't like the show?"
"No. I loved it. Seiryo got what he deserved. What I didn't like was what you 
said afterwards. I usually don't mind profanity, but, I do mind when Riko or 
Sasami are around. I really don't want them learning such language. Otherwise, I 
might have to do something drastic. Understand?"
"Yes ma'am," he answers, turning to leave.
Misa takes the opportunity to answer the snide remark as she cracks the head of 
the broom across his backside.
"OW! I'm sorry!"
"Smartass," she says. "Next time, I'll use this," she says, creating a beam 
sword.
=-=-=-=-=
Now.
It was only yesterday that Tenchi put the moves on Washu. After a night of fun, 
Tenchi realizes who is next on his 'list.' This whole seduction business was 
Devon's idea, but it's Tenchi who has to go through with it. After all, how else 
is he going to find out how the girls feel about him?
=-=-=-=-=
While hanging laundry outside, Ayeka tries to sort out the past couple months. 
<I don't know what's going on, anymore. Devon came to help Tenchi train. That I 
can see. Then, he got Misa involved. Those two claim it was 'special training' 
in dealing with fighting women. I just hope I can find out what they really 
meant. Maybe I should ask Tenchi...> Her chore done, she walks off towards the 
house.
Just before she gets to the house, Tenchi appears from the door. "There you are, 
Ayeka," he says warmly. "I've been looking for you."
"For...me?" she says, nervously. "What is it?"
"I just wanted to talk to you a little."
"I wanted to talk to you too, Lord Tenchi," she replies. "There's some things I 
wanted to ask of you."
"How about later tonight," he says to her. "Devon said he'd get everyone out of 
the house, so we can have some privacy."
Looking a bit flustered, "I'm honored," she gasps. "All that for me?"
"Yes. I wanted to be alone with you."
"Alright. After dinner, then?"
"How about OVER dinner? Misa's been teaching me how to cook recently."
Smiling, "alright. How about seven?" she offers.
"Perfect," he replies. Walking off, "I'll see you later!"
Unbeknownst to them, Ryoko heard the entire conversation. <What is he up to? If 
it was Ayeka, I'd stop her. But Tenchi? I'd better hold off a bit.> 
Disappearing, <I'll go into town, but Ryo-Ohki stays.>
=-=-=-=-=
Later that night, Devon is successful in shooing everyone, save the cabbits, out 
of the house. "So, what is this movie we're going to?" Sasami asks.
"I don't remember the title off-hand," he admits, "but it's about an alien 
crashing on Earth and causes problems for this one guy."
Everyone looks at him and face faults.
"Devon," Kiyone says, "is that supposed to be related to us?"
"Hey! It's the only movie that everyone can see. After all, I don't want to 
exclude little Sasami, or little Riko." Finally, everyone leaves with Devon, 
with the exception of Tenchi and Ayeka, who claim to be ill, and the cabbits, 
who watch, concerned, over the pair.
=-=-=-=-=
At the movie, Devon and the seven girls walk up to the main window. "You've got 
quite a collection, Devon," the ticketmaster comments. "Are all these your 
girlfriends?" she asks.
"No, we are definitely not," Sasami states soundly.
Washu walks up to the window, smiling. "Is it true children get in at half 
price?" she asks the employee.
"Yes, that's right. All children 12 and under get in for half off."
"Thank you," she says, slapping down the admission price for a child.
<Cheapskate,> Ryoko comments.
<V!> Washu returns.
Misa walks up next, and puts money down for herself, Sasami, and Riko. Picking 
her daughter up, she follows Sasami and Washu into the theater.
Devon moves up to the window, and puts his admission fee down, plus Mihoshi, 
Kiyone, and Ryoko's admission fee. "Thanks," he finally says, leading the three 
girls into the theater.
=-=-=-=-=
As Devon and Kiyone watch the movie, he can't help but recall how he got into 
all of this in the first place. He had been watching Misa out of curiosity, for 
she looked at him depressingly. Since he can't stand a depressed girl, he wanted 
to help.
One such day, he sees Misa is pretty much alone at the shrine. While sweeping, 
she listens to the radio. This is one has been "adjusted" by Washu as to pick up 
any radio signal in the immediate area. And her immediate area usually extends 
to Jurai. While listening to it, Misa hears a somber song that moves her.
Wish you were here.
Me oh my countryman
Wish you were here.
As she listens, she starts to feel a little depressed. "Tenchi..."
Wish you were here.
Don't you know the story's getting colder?
And I miss you like hell
And I'm feeling blue...
"It's been so long since I've seen MY Tenchi..."
Wish you were here.
Me oh my countryman
Wish you were here.
Wish you were here.
Don't you know the story's getting colder?
And I miss you like hell
And I'm feeling blue...
I've got feelings for you, babe.
Do you still feel the same?
>From the first time I laid my eyes on you.
I felt the joy of livin'
I saw Heaven in your eyes...in your eyes...
"That first day in the forest, when I originally came to pick up Ayeka."
Wish you were here.
Me oh my countryman
Wish you were here.
Wish you were here.
Don't you know the story's getting colder?
And I miss you like hell
And I'm feeling blue...
I miss your laugh...
I miss your smile...
I miss everything about you...
Every second like a minute
Every minute like a day
When your far away.
"Too far, in anyone's standards...Maybe even Washu's."
Wish you were here.
The story's getting colder, baby...
I Wish you were here.
Wish you were here.
A battlefield of love and fear.
And I wish you were here...
I've got feelings for you, babe
>From the first time I laid my eyes on you.
Wish you were here.
Me oh my countryman
Wish you were here.
I wish you were here...
Wish you were here.
Don't you know the story's getting colder?
And I miss you like hell
And I'm feeling blue...
"I wish you were here, Tenchi. I miss you." With that, she starts to sob a bit.
Appearing from nearby, "Misa..." Devon says soothingly.
Quickly wiping away the tears, "oh, Devon!" she gasps. "What are you doing 
here?"
"I can see what's going on. It hurts, doesn't it?" he asks. "It hurts to see 
Tenchi but not be able to be with him."
"Devon, I love Tenchi. The Tenchi I married is out of reach, yes. But, I also 
love the Tenchi you know."
"Do Ayeka and Ryoko know this?"
"No, not like that. He's family, and I'll do anything for him. I proved it when 
I went one on one with Kagato."
Thinking about this, "you'll do anything for him?"
"Yes. If I can do it, I will."
At that moment, Devon knew what he had to do. Later, on a walk to town, he asked 
Misa to train Tenchi in the sensual arts, giving him a backbone in the matter.
=-=-=-=-=
As seven rolls around, Tenchi has everything set up. The food is done, the 
lights are dimmed, and the couple are sitting at adjacent edges of the table. 
Two candles provide the only light.
"Lord Tenchi," Ayeka starts.
"Ayeka, don't call me that. We're equals. You're a crown princess, and I'm a 
crown prince. That title is starting to get to me."
"Alright, Tenchi," she corrects, "I've been wondering about these past two 
months. Ever since Devon showed up, you seem changed."
"He just taught me to loosen up a bit." Putting a hand on her shoulder, "he's 
shown me what I've been missing." With that, he starts to massage her shoulder.
Ayeka pulls off the hand and smiles a bit. "Just what has he shown you?"
Grinning a bit, he puts a hand on her thigh, "he had Misa show me everything I 
need to know." As he says this, his hand starts to move around the cloth, to her 
skin.
She quickly stands, "Tenchi! How dare you?"
Standing himself, "come on, Ayeka. You need to loosen up a bit. Maybe I can 
share what Misa taught me."
Insulted beyond belief, Ayeka gives him a knee to the groin. "You beast! You 
hentai! I am the first princess of Jurai's Royal Family! How dare you treat me 
like some two bit-"
<She really is stuck up,> Tenchi thinks.
"I bid you good night, Lord Tenchi," she says, storming off.
Sitting, as the pain won't let him do anything else, "well, now I know how she 
feels." Seeing the untouched meal ahead of him, he starts to eat.
=-=-=-=-=
As Devon and the rest of the girls return, Tenchi is sitting on the couch, 
peacefully. "Welcome back!" he says to the group.
"Where's Ayeka?" Sasami asks.
"Oh, she's in her room. She seemed upset over something."
"Oh. That's too bad," she replies.
As the girls move to their usual places, Devon walks over and sits next to 
Tenchi. "Well?"
"It's as you said. She froze up and put her knee to my privates."
"Ow. I didn't think she'd go that far."
"I am the first princess blah blah blah," he mocks. "I should have seen it 
coming. She found out about Misa. But, it's too late for her to do anything 
about it."
"Well, tomorrow night, you take the final step."
"Ryoko?"
"Well, as I said, Kiyone's off limits."
"Or you'd kill. And Sasami is too young. Alright. Tomorrow night, I'll take care 
of Ryoko." Standing, "I'm off to bed." He then turns and walks towards the 
stairs.
"Good night, Tenchi."
=-=-=-=-=
Two mornings later.
As Kiyone sleeps peacefully on her futon, she dreams are of a different nature. 
That being a subject to keep from Sasami's ears.
But, as 7:00 appears, her dream is disturbed by the highly annoying sound of her 
alarm clock. As she is yanked from her wonderful dream, she knows what she must 
do. Her hand wanders next to her futon and onto a familiar tool of hers. With 
one swift motion, she fires it at the clock, ending the noise and leaving a 
two-foot wide burn mark where the clock once was.
Dropping the GP pistol, she falls back to sleep and returns to her dream. 
"Devon..." she moans.
=-=-=-=-=
"Ayeka!" Devon calls. "Would you go get Tenchi for breakfast?"
Flipping through her magazine, she barely acknowledges him. "Humph. That hentai 
can wake himself up."
Shocked by this statement, "Ayeka!" Sasami calls. "I can't get away right now. 
Can you go get Tenchi?"
Slamming down her magazine on the couch, "very well!" Walking up the stairs, "I 
can't believe I'm doing this." Arriving at the door, she knocks rather 
violently. "Tenchi!"
"Yes?" he calls from behind the door.
Opening it, "breakfast is ready-y-y!" The sight ahead of her is enough to make 
Ayeka scream. Seeing Ryoko on top of Tenchi lovingly, "this is so typical!" she 
shouts. "You're all making fun of me!" Slamming the door, she charges back 
downstairs.
Looking out the door, Tenchi sees only Devon, who gives him a big grin and an 
"ok" with his fingers.
=-=-=-=-=
Downstairs, "I've had enough of this!" Ayeka shouts. "Everyone on this planet is 
a hentai!" Stepping into the kitchen, "Sasami?" she says angrily, "we are 
leaving."
"What?" she replies in shock. "I can't leave. Breakfast isn't ready yet."
"I am taking us off this planet before those pigs can affect us anymore."
"But, Ayeka," she says, "I don't want to leave. I like it here."
"Don't be silly," she says back to her. "I am taking you with me before they can 
turn you into one of them."
Crossing her arms, "Ayeka, I'm not leaving."
"If she wants to stay," Devon says, "I say let her stay."
"You stay out of this!" she shouts to him. "She's my sister and I'm doing what's 
best for her."
"Really? By forcing her to leave when she clearly doesn't want to?"
"I am making sure she's safe. After all, she needs someone to look after her."
"Ayeka, she isn't a baby anymore," Devon states. "Besides, Misa is here to 'look 
after her,' if it's so important to you."
Realizing she's losing the conversation, "fine. But if I hear anything bad 
happen, you will suffer for it." Turning towards her sister again, "if you 
should change your mind, let me know."
Walking up to her, "I will," she answers, hugging her sister. "Goodbye, Ayeka."
Returning the embrace, "farewell, sister," she adds. Finally, she walks off 
towards the living room. "Azaka!" she shouts. "Send a message to Jurai. I want 
to leave this place!"
=-=-=-=-=
Two days later, Azusa appears in the sky above Tenchi's house. A moment later, 
the said king of Jurai appears before the assembly. Present are Ayeka, Sasami, 
Misa, Mihoshi, Kiyone, Devon, Tenchi, and Yosho. Riko is also present, held up 
by Misa.
Ryoko would be here, but she was complaining about illness. Washu is attending 
to her in the lab.
"Ayeka," Azusa says soundly, "are you ready?"
"Yes, Father, I am."
"Sasami," he continues, "are you sure you want to stay here?"
"Yes. I'm sure."
"Well, if that's your decision, I will abide by it." Looking to Misa, "you take 
good care of her, Misa."
"I will," she responds, stepping back a bit. Standing next to Tenchi and Devon, 
"you can count on it." She sets down Riko, who latches on to her mother's leg.
"Azaka! Kamidake!" Azusa commands. On the order, the two guardians move towards 
him and Ayeka. "Sasami, I am taking the guardians, but there is someone else I'm 
leaving. He volunteered to watch you, along with Misa."
"Who?" she asks, curious.
A moment later, another figure teleports down. When the light fades, it presents 
to them a familiar form.
"AZAKA!" Sasami shouts, running to him. "I'm glad to see you again."
"Well, being one of your guardians has a certain interest to it. It will allow 
me to further train under you, Sasami."
"What's he talking about, Tenchi?" Devon asks.
"Azaka's hooked on one of Sasami's games."
"And Sasami's his master? Oh, boy!"
"Sasami," Azusa finishes, "if you change your mind, let me know."
"I will, Father," she says, bowing. Seeing him disappear, "good bye!" she 
shouts.
Waving loosely, "bye now," Devon and Tenchi say to him. A second later, they use 
a familiar American gesture. For them, it's common when referring to Azusa. 
What's strange is that they see Misa do the same. Seeing the little princess 
turn, they dispense with it.
After Sasami passes, her older self looks to the other two offenders. "What? You 
think I wouldn't?" Finally, everyone walks back into the house, trying not to 
laugh their asses off.
"Misa," Devon says. "He's your father! I thought you'd have more respect for 
him."
"After what he pulled in my past, I want nothing to do with him. He deserves 
that insult. If you want to know, I'll tell you later."
--!!!Continued!!!--
