Disclaimer:  You know the routine.  Pioneer, not me.

Devon Kane belongs to Kenn Sprinkle, and Riko is mine!

OFFICIAL WARNING:  This is a lemon!  That means there is graphic sex
involved.  (Woohoo!)  If you are under 18, or in a geographical location
that prohibits such things then get lost!  (please e-mail me, because I
really want to know what part of the world does such stupid things.
Probably ours.)  If you are still reading, you be willing to accept the
consequences (er, I mean pleasures ^_^)  of reading such a fic.  Have fun!

Author's Note:  I'M BA-ACK!  (K'thardin, put down that shotgun!)  It's been
awhile since I submitted anything regarding First Knight.  In fact, my
submissions have been rather scarce of late.  That's because I've been
working a lot on my Crystal Warriors!  But, now, I'm going to get back on
this one to let a few ideas... process.  This one IS big.  Last I checked,
it cracked 30KB, which is a rarity for me for one chapter.  In this one, a
lot does happen, but only because things had to happen this way.

This story is now a mix of just about everything regarding Tenchi Muyo!
(And some that aren't....)

By the way, for those that are out of touch...

Previously in First Knight, Tenchi finally made a few choices (with some
help from Misa and Devon) regarding his life.  After process of elimination,
he made his choice and married Ryoko, his true love.  The Jurai family came
and went, and Tenchi found himself defending his family from assassins sent
by Azusa.  (He paid royally for that.  Pun intended.)  Also, Riko was
entered into the Japanese Educational System.  How much she truly knows
about her own family is yet to be seen...

=-=-=-=-=
First Knight

Chapter 8:  A Pinch of Chaos to this Stew

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
http://members.xoom.com/Tenchiii/Homepage2.htm
(The Crystal Shrine!)
=-=-=-=-=
        He stands on the log quietly.  His eyes are closed, as well as his
mouth.
Such as he has been for the past two hours.  Ahead of him, he holds his
bokken pointed toward a tree.

        As he stands, he tries to remember his instructor's words, as well
as the
training given to him.

=-=-=-=-=
        "Tenchi," Devon says calmly, "your grandfather and I have taught you
much
in the past.  Now, it is nearly complete.  You have to master but one more
technique."

        "Okay," he agrees.  "What is it?"

        Devon takes out his sword and holds it forward.  "Let me show you."
His
eyes close momentarily as the wind around him picks up.  His body glows a
blue-tinted white color much like the color of the Light Hawk Wings.  The
brilliant light disappears and reforms around his sword's blade.  A moment
passes as Devon prepares for what is next.  With a cry that could be heard
for miles, he slashes his sword and releases a large ball of energy.  As it
travels, it passes through one tree and vaporizes another.

        Shocked, Tenchi tries to choke out his question.  "What in the world
was
that?" Tenchi asks.

        "It's called the Cherry Blossom Technique."  He points towards the
tree
that the energy passed through, and moves his finger upward.  "See those
cherry blossoms?  Once you can hit a tree behind it without disturbing a
single flower, you will have mastered it.  Hence, the name of the
technique."

        "Where do I even begin to learn something like that?" he asks.

        Devon pulls out a scroll and tosses it to Tenchi.  Here's everything
you
need to learn it."  He walks away smiling.  "Have fun!"

        Tenchi opens the scroll partway, and finds it blank.  Confused, he
pulls
more of the paper out.  And more.  And even more.  Finally, he unravels the
whole thing to find no kanji on it whatsoever.  <Is this some kind of joke?>
he asks himself.  "Devon!" he shouts.  However, no response is granted.

        <Maybe it's hidden some way,> he guesses.

=-=-=-=-=
        Two hours and 12 methods later, he realizes there is no writing on
it.  At
least that he can discover.  Finally, he rolls up the scroll and sets it on
his dresser.  <I guess I'll have to figure this out on my own.>

=-=-=-=-=
        He clears his mind of the past and focuses on relaxing himself.
With a
sudden cry, he sends a small amount of energy at the targeted tree.
However, it is stopped by the similar tree ahead of it as the unleashed
energy further burns the trunk.  As it trembles, a few pink petals fall from
it.

        "Ah, damn.  This is hopeless!  I'll never figure this out!"  He
sighs in
defeat.  "But, I can't give up.  If Devon can do it, why can't I?  I must
keep working!"

        Nearby, Devon watches silently.  <The purpose of the blank scroll is
to
clear the mind.  So as to not worry about specific instruction.  That way,
Cherry Blossom Techniques are as unique as fingerprints.>

        Devon watches Tenchi burn the first tree a bit more.  As the impact
settles, pink petals fall from the branches.  <He'll figure it out soon
enough.>

=-=-=-=-=
        It's been five years since that shocking announcement.  It's been
fun,
though.  Since Tenchi knows Sasami is too young, she has been toying with
him every chance she gets.  She has many tactics, but one is a bit
different.  It drives him NUTS!  Which is what makes it fun for her.

        Now, though, she wonders if it's time to take it a step farther.
Because,
it's driving her bonkers as well.

        "You're having fun with this, aren't you, Sasami?" Misa asks,
watching
Tenchi leave the room yet again.

        "Of course," she responds.  "He knows I'm too young, so I like to
tease
him."

        "It is fun to watch.  The typical male response to form fitting
clothes."

        "I don't do it often...  It's just not my style.  I'm only doing
this under
your suggestion."  Sighing, "he knows I'm too young."

        "By Earth Law," Misa adds.

        "By Earth Law," Sasami agrees.

        "But, we aren't following Earth laws, are we, Sasami?"

        "Not the last I heard," she replies.

        "Are you ready, then?" Misa asks.

        Smiling, "yeah.  I can imagine Tenchi's face when I tell him,"
Sasami adds.

        "High shock value, that's for sure," Misa says.

        "Payback time!" they chorus.

=-=-=-=-=
        On the same Saturday, Sasami leaves Misa to clean up lunch.  She
herself
has her sister's Tenchi-ken in hand.  As she walks to the tree Funaho, she
believes she has everything she needs.  Sword in hand.  Wish in heart.
Mother in mind.  Everything is set.

=-=-=-=-=
        A few days later, Misaki's ship appears over the Masaki household.
As the
ship is unexpected, having not returned in five years, everyone stares in
wonder.  Misa, Tenchi, Devon, and Riko walk out to greet their guest.  As
everyone is watching the descending ship, Misa glances at her daughter.  She
recently had to have an interesting talk with the girl.  It was kind of
funny, actually.

=-=-=-=-=
        "Mommy," Riko asks.

        "Yes, dear?" Misa replies sweetly, tending to some flowers.  "What
is it?"

        "Why is it that everyone is growing older, except for us?"

        "Don't be silly.  You're growing up, just like they are."

        "But, nobody else looks older.  You, Daddy, even Auntie Washu."

        Misa sets down the shears near the plant and considers the problem.
<I
think she's on to something.>  "Riko, you've read mangas, haven't you?"

        "Of course!" she replies.

        "Well, Riko, you should probably understand what I'm going to tell
you.
Riko, we are aliens from the planet Jurai."

        After a second of perplexity, Riko starts to laugh.  "That's really
funny,
Mommy.  For a second, you had me believing you!"

        Misa just gives Riko a serious look.  "It's no joke."

        "You're kidding, right?" she asks nervously.  "You mean we're
aliens?  Like
those slimy things from Planet X?"

        Misa almost starts to laugh herself.  "Not quite," she giggles,
crossing
her arms relaxingly.

        "You ARE joking, aren't you?" Riko continues.

        "Nope."

        At the thought of this, Riko faints.  Misa picks her up and carries
the
child to her room.  "It'll sink in," she says to herself.

        Not an hour later, Riko regains awareness.  "Mommy?"

        "Yes, Riko?"

        "What's going on?"

        "Well, for starters, I am from the planet Jurai.  Your father is
from
Earth.  But, he is also partly Juraian.  And, to answer your question, we
don't age because we're different from everyone on Earth."

        "So, we're aliens?"

        "Well, yeah."

        "Is there anything else I should know about?"

        "Well, the only person that is completely from Earth is Noboyuki,
your
grandfather."

        Riko listens to this, and just about faints again.  "Aunt Ryoko?
Aunt
Washu?  Aunt Sasami?"

        "Yup.  All of us.  As for Sasami, I bet you already guessed."

        "I do have one thought.  But, I don't know if it'll work."

        "And what is that?"

        "Are you twins, or something?"

        "Yes, and no," she giggles.  "If you want to know, I-we are from an
alternate universe, and I am Sasami from that time."

        Tenchi walks in to check on Riko.  "How is everyone in here?"

        "Riko's learning everything there is to know about our family."

        "Ahhh.....And what do you think, Riko?"

        "It's confusing.  Are we all from somewhere else, then?"

        "Well," Tenchi responds nervously, "I'm not.  I've always lived
here."

        "But in a different dimension."

        "No, Riko," Misa states.  "You, I, and Ryo are the only ones from
that
time."

        Tenchi looks to Riko seriously.  "Riko, even though I'm not your
true
father, you will always be my daughter."

        Having heard this touching statement, Riko plows into him, hugging
him
fiercely.  "Daddy..." she sobs.  "Everything's so confusing...."

        Returning the hug gently, "Riko, we will always be here to explain
things.
Remember that."

        Misa joins in the hug, "we will always be here for you, Riko."

=-=-=-=-=
        So, when Riko sees a giant wooden ship drop from the sky, she hides
behind
Tenchi, whom she recently found out was not her father.  But, to her, Tenchi
will always be her dad.  And, Tenchi will always see Riko as his daughter.
"Don't worry, Riko," Tenchi says soothingly, "everything is going to be
fine."

        But, seeing a giant wooden ship fall from the sky causes Riko's mind
to
absorb her mother's speech a lot faster.  The ship lands in the lake and the
lone occupant appears shortly afterward.

        Walking to the blue haired woman, "hello, Mommy," Misa greets
sweetly.
"It's been too long a time since we saw each other last."

        Giving Misa a trademark deathgrip, "I've missed you, Misa!" she
cries.  She
lets go as she looks to a certain little girl. "Is that little Riko over
there?" she calls kawaiily.

        Riko is clinging to Tenchi, fearing the worst.  In the comics she's
read,
four out of five alien races wanted to destroy Earth.  So, you can imagine
her apprehension.

        Misaki walks towards the group, intent on giving her usual
greetings.  But,
as she approaches, she sees Riko nearly attached to Tenchi.  "What's the
matter, Riko?" Misaki asks kawaiily, and stops cautiously.  "Come give your
gramma a hug!"

        Devon looks to one of the youngest in the family, and sees her
shaking her
head slightly.  "What's wrong, Riko?" he asks.  "She won't hurt you."

        "Much," Tenchi adds.

        "Much," Devon agrees.

        Tenchi quietly informs Devon of Riko's new information.  At the same
time,
Misa whispers to Misaki the same input.  Both moan "oh..." in understanding.

        "Riko," Misa says softly, "there's nothing to be afraid of."

        Slowly, Riko complies and appears from Tenchi.  "Gramma?" she asks,
nervously.  Slowly, she starts to walk forward to the blue haired woman.
Sure, she's read a few manga about aliens, but never had she thought she'd
be one.

        Misaki bends to her height, and looks Riko in the eyes.  "Riko," she
says
in a more serious tone, "I'm not an alien to you.  We both come from Jurai."

        After a second of thought, Riko plows into Misaki, giving her a big
hug.
"Gramma..." she sobs.  The confusing times seem to be coming to an end for
her.  Misa looks to the rest of her friends, with satisfaction resonating
from her smile.

=-=-=-=-=
        A few minutes later, the Masaki family found out why Misaki is here.
As
everyone is gathered on her ship, (anyone know its name?) Tenchi is walking
with the girls down the hall, admiring the ship's layout.

        Devon and Kiyone branch off and leave the group.  Quiet as mice,
they
vanish from sight.

        "Meow meow!"

        "OH!  Right!" Ryoko replies.  "I forgot about them."  With Ryo-Ohki
in her
hands, Ryoko vanishes in her trademark teleport.

        Sasami walks up to Tenchi and sweetly latches on to his arm.  She
can see
it's causing a mild case of nervousness.  Misaki takes Riko down another
hall with Misa, and Washu drags Mihoshi down another hall.

        As he walks, Tenchi looks back to see absolutely nobody.  However,
Sasami
is latched on tightly.  "Where did everyone go?" he asks, nervously.

        "Beats me," Sasami replies, looking into his eyes.  "But, at the
moment, I
don't really care.  I just want to be right here, with you."

        "Did you plan this?" he asks.

        "Kinda," she admits.  "Tenchi, I love you.  I want to be with you."

        "I love you too, Sasami," Tenchi replies.  "I have for some time
now."

        "Please, Tenchi, let's be together.  Not just now, but forever."

        "Are you ready?" he asks.  "You're only sixteen, though."

        "So?  That's no problem on Jurai."  Looking at him pleadingly,
"don't you
like me this way?"

        "It's not that," he says nervously.  "I do love you, and I want to
marry
you."

        "Then I shall become Sasami Jurai Masaki," she says to him lovingly.
She
then plants a passionate kiss on the stupefied individual.

=-=-=-=-=
        The next day, the family appears outside the Jurai Palace.  To greet
them,
Funaho and a grumbling Azusa appear on the landing pad.  "Welcome back,"
Funaho says calmly.  "Everything is already being set up."

        "How in the world did you manage all this so quickly?" Tenchi asks.

        "This is not your world, Tenchi," Misaki answers.  "Things are
different."

        Azusa's grumbling lightens a bit.  "I am surprised, boy.  Have you
already
left that pirate behind?"

        Tenchi didn't seem to take the comment well as his face tightens.
But, the
question remains "where IS Ryoko?" Tenchi asks curiously.

        "She's a little busy," Washu answers.  "She'll be along shortly,
though.  I
believe she had a few guests to pick up."

        Azusa looks irritated once more.  (But, doesn't he always?)  "Who on
that
backwater planet could possibly be worthy of this event?"

        "Excuse me, Azusa," Devon says, "but that IS our home you're
slashing."

        "They're friends of the family, sir," Tenchi continues.  "And, Devon
has a
point.  It may have its problems, but it is our home."

        "Azusa, be nice!" Misaki says in a threatening tone.  "Or I'll kick
your
ass," she whispers.

        "We might as well get ready," Funaho offers as she gestures towards
the
doors.  Soon, everyone walks forth except for one steaming Azusa.  <Just you
wait, boy.>

=-=-=-=-=
        A day after landing on Jurai, Sasami is walking through her garden
while
the preparations are being made.  "It's a lot smaller than I remember," she
says to herself.

        "Or are you just taller?" a soothing voice says to her.

        Turning, she sees a man she hasn't seen in years.  The man has long
black
hair, and he's leaning relaxingly against the shrubbery maze.  "Mica?" she
asks.  "Is that you?  I haven't seen you since I left for Earth."

        "I know."  Reaching behind his back, he pulls out a plush cabbit,
with a
pair of blue pigtails on its head, much like how Sasami used to wear her own
hair.

        "Sasa..." she sighs, taking the stuffed toy.  "I haven't seen this
in
years," she says, smiling wide.

        "It was always your favorite," Mica reminds.  "When you left, you
asked me
to look after it.  Eight years later, I'm returning it to you."

        "Is that all you came for?" she asks.

        "No.  Not really.  Sasami," he says nervously, "you know I've always
cared
about you.  And I-"

        But, the longtime friend is interrupted as another man graces the
scene.
"Sasami," he says calmly, "everyone is almost ready.  We gotta go."

        "Tenchi," Sasami says warmly, "this is Mica," she starts, gesturing
towards
her friend.  But, she finds her gesture aimed at nothing.  "That's funny.
Where'd he go?"

        "Well, I'm sure he'll be at the wedding," he replies.  "In the
meantime, we
should get ready."

        As the two walk off, Mica watches them silently.  <I don't care what
Azusa
wants.  I won't break them up.  I won't sacrifice Sasami's happiness for her
father's whims.>

=-=-=-=-=
        At the palace, Azusa and Ayeka watch as the ceremony goes into full
preparation.  They wouldn't be here, but Misaki insisted that her other
daughter and husband, stuck up as they are, attend the wedding.  After all,
it is a royal wedding, and all royalty must attend.

        The wedding hall is simply gigantic, with enough room to fit half of
Jurai's population into it.  The proceeding is similar as to Ryoko and
Tenchi's wedding, but with a few changes.

        Misa is maid of honor, with Mihoshi, Washu, and Riko as bridesmaids.
Devon
is best man, with Azaka, Kamidake, and Noboyuki as groomsmen.  Yui is flower
girl.  Yosho presides.  And, Azusa reluctantly gives away the bride.
Funaho, Misaki, Ayeka, Kiyone, and Ryoko are in the first row.  Mica also
appears shortly afterward.

        In the back of the hall, the doors creak open once more.  Unexpected
as it
is, the entire audience looks back in question.  From the opening walks five
young women.  All five have the same outfit save for the color.

        The outfit design is simple.  The dress itself reaches from the top
of the
bust to the foot with a belt around the waist.  Also, elbow-high gloves are
present.  But, the most astonishing piece is the diamond shaped crystal on
the right hand that matches the color of the dress and gloves.  A blonde
haired woman with a golden outfit, a brunette with red, another with white,
and a third with tan color, and a black haired woman with a blue dress.

        "Look sharp, girls," the blonde commands.  "We've got a reputation
to
uphold."

        "Who are you?" Azusa bellows.

        "We are the Crystal Warriors," she continues.  "We were invited, so
we
came."

        The white dressed woman looks to the blonde with a smirk.  <I told
you it
was over here!  But, you didn't want to listen.>

        <Oh, be quiet.>  She walks forward, and the four others follow
shortly
after.  Concealed earlier, a small child walks next to the white-dressed
girl.

        "I thought they were a myth," Misaki murmurs.

        "Every myth must have a basis in reality," Ayeka comments.

        "I thought they were dead," Funaho adds.

        "Apparently not," Devon says.  Finally, the group takes their place
in the
second row.

        As everyone is in position, Yosho looks to the happy couple, who are
both
smiling brightly.  "Tenchi, this is a big day for you, isn't it?" he asks.
"Everyone has been wondering when this day would come."  Addressing the
audience, "we are gathered here today to join this man, Tenchi Masaki, and
this woman, Sasami Jurai, in the bonds of marriage."

        Sasami, starting to tear, sees another form out of the corner of her
eye.
Saying nothing, she is glad to see her older counterpart here.

        Tsunami looks about ready to cry herself.  Even after having lived
for
20,000 years, she finds no greater joy than to see Sasami this happy.

        "Is there anyone here that wishes these two not to be married?" he
says,
just out of duty.  He knows the answer far too well.  More than with Ryoko's
wedding, perhaps.

        Curiously, a wave seems to occur as the entire hall seems to
simultaneously
notice one person in the halls.  He looks about somewhat fearfully and sinks
into his place of seating.

        "How did he get here?" Ayeka asks curiously.

        "Beats me," Ryoko answers.  "Oh, well.  I'd ignore him and leave him
to his
opinions."

        "And slander," Misa adds quietly.

        Up front, Yosho watches Tenchi take the ring from Devon, "Tenchi,"
he asks,
"do you take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife in sickness and in
health, until death do you part?  To honor, love, and obey?"

        "I do," he responds, placing the ring on her finger.

        Sasami then takes the other ring from Misa, and waits.  "Sasami, do
you
take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband in sickness and in health,
until death do you part?  To honor, love, and obey?"

        "I do," she responds, likewise placing the ring on his finger.

        "Then, by the power vested in me," he concludes, "I pronounce you
man and
wife.  You may kiss the bride."

        But, he's already there.  Gales of screams and cheers come from the
audience and friends.  "I gotta say that faster," Yosho comments, having
seen this happen three times now.

        Sasami and Tenchi turn and face the rest of the family, holding
hands
tightly.  Smiling wider than Misaki, the two take in the most joyous moment
of their lives.

        Ryoko looks to her new sister and nudges Ayeka.  "So, Sis," she says
sarcastically, "are you going to stay on that little moon of yours?"

        "Be quiet, you monster," Ayeka scolds.  "I will not fight on my
sister's
wedding day."

        "Ah, you're just mad about what Tenchi did.  And here I thought you
loved
him."

        Misaki elbows Ryoko in the head.  The result sends the former space
pirate
to the floor.  "Ryoko, stop this fight right now!"

        Crawling back up, "yes ma'am," she groans.

=-=-=-=-=
        Some time later, a similarly sized reception hall is similarly
crowded with
people.  At one end on a platform, Tenchi and Sasami sit with Ryoko, Devon,
and Kiyone.  In the row just below them, the rest of the family sits.  And,
on the right side of this row, the Crystal Warriors and the child sit
attentively.

        <Ever feel completely out of place?> Kat asks.

        <No kidding,> Amanda answers.  <We know eleven people here other
than
ourselves.>

        <Out of eleven BILLION,> Tonya adds.

        <I wonder how many are telepathic?> Kat continues.

        <A good many of us,> an alien voice remarks.

        "Great..." Kat sighs.

        "Excuse me," a small voice asks.  "How old is he?"

        Kat looks towards the voice as she thinks its a reference to her
son.
Across the table is a very young red haired girl.  "You're Riko, right?"

        Riko nods.  "Yes.  But, there's nobody here that's my age...."

        Kat leans forward and squashes her torso partially to look at Riko
in the
eye.  "Well, he's only four, but he's kinda shy..."

        "Oh..."  She walks around the edge of the table and sits in the
chair next
to the boy.  "Someday, when I get older, this will be for me."

        "I wouldn't doubt that!"  Kat says.

        "She sure likes to talk," Amanda comments.  "Almost as much as Kat,
in
fact!"

        <Shush!>

        "That she does," Misa responds.  "Ever since she learned how, she's
been a
little chatterbox.  But, thankfully, she knows when to stop."

        "Smart kid," Amanda continues.

        "Well, Juraians do learn many things faster than you Terrans."

        Kat stands.  "Well, Riko, I'll let you look after Jesse for awhile.
I need
to stretch my legs."  <Keep an eye on him, would you, Amanda?>

        <Sure.  But, I'll make it look like Riko's doing the work.>

        <^_^>

=-=-=-=-=
        <This place is huge!  I could get lost just looking for a bathroom!>

        <Is that why you're wandering around?> Tel asks from her crystal
home.

        <What?  Nah.  I'm just stretching my legs.  How many of those races
have
you encountered in the past?>

        <Oh, boy....  I'd say 90% of them.>

        <NINETY?!?!>

        <Kat, the universe may be huge, but we spent 6000 years helping
people.  We
encountered just about every species of sentient life in this quadrant and
far beyond.>

        <Beyond?>

        <Yes, Kat.  We came from far beyond this galaxy.  You'd be amazed at
what
we've seen.>

        <Okay.  Fill me in.>

        <Well, I saw the Epicellians in there.  Have you ever seen anything
with
THREE genders?  It's pretty amazing!>

        Kat snaps her head back in total surprise.  <Three?!  Wow.  Bedtime
must be
interesting.>

        <What an easy plan,> a voice says from afar.  <Just separate the boy
from
the rest and then finish him.>

        Kat stops in her tracks.  <Boy?>

        <I don't know what's so special about this Masaki brat, but Azusa
paid us
enough to off him.>

        <Tenchi!!> Kat snaps.  Silently, she follows the errant thoughts.
In the
next hall, a group of dark clad men follow one less conspicuous man.  <Are
those....>

        <Well, Tenchi was saying that they've been a pest problem in recent
years.
Namely from Azusa.>

        <The emperor?  Is he that much of an ass?>

        <No.  I think he's a bigger one!  But, he's trying to control the
bloodlines to protect his family.  Somehow, he sees Tenchi as inferior.>

        <Well, what should we do?  I think Celestia might have fun with
this.>

        <FIRST make sure there aren't any others.  A wise man wouldn't make
a
fiasco about this, but a smart man wouldn't leave opportunities float away.>

        <I guess you're right.>  Kat closes her eyes and lightly scans the
grounds
in and around the palace.  <There's three groups.  Satisfied?>

        <Who's going to take care of those other two?>

        <I got it covered!>

=-=-=-=-=
        "It really is a very different race," Misa states.  "I've never seen
any
other like it."

        "I guess so..." Celestia replies.  "It's just a little hard to
imagine."

        <Celestia?  We've got a small problem.>

        <Really?  What is that?>

        <Is Tenchi still there?>

        <No.  He left not long ago.  Someone took him for Royal business, I
believe.  Kat, what's going on?>

        <Remember when Tenchi was saying that Azusa had sent assassins a
couple
times?  Well, he's at it again.  Don't tell Tenchi or his friends.  Let's
just take care of this quietly.>

        <Alright.>

        "Celestia?  What's going on?" Misa asks.

        "Nothing to worry about," Celestia answers.  "Kat just wants the
Crystal
Warriors to see something.  Could you watch Jesse, please?"

        "Sure."

        Celestia stands as do the other three Crystal bearers.  "C'mon,
girls.
There's something we have to see."

        Misa watches them walk away with a tinge of curiosity.  Even more so
when
Celestia starts motioning her hands.

        "Don't worry, Misa," Washu states.  "If there's trouble, they can
take care
of it.  I can understand them not telling us about it."

        <I hope so...>

=-=-=-=-=
        ~Kill the brat before he defiles my daughter.~  Those words ring in
the
assassins head as he and his four black clad cohorts.  Around the corner
nearby, he listens to the faint footfalls closing in.  "Here he comes," he
whispers.

        "Who?  Him?" a feminine voice asks.  "You don't have to worry about
him.
You've got your own troubles."

        The assassin turns towards the voice and finds Celestia and Kat
standing
nearby.  Each is holding an unconscious assassin and standing on another.
"Who are you, woman?"

        Celestia grabs him by the shirt, "your worst nightmare."

        A moment later, Tenchi walks around the corner to find four
unconscious
men.  "What happened to them?" he asks.

        The rather shocked individual manages to stutter out "I-I don't
know..."
<Our best since Sojun!  Who did this?>  The pair pass a large window that
shows the grounds outside.  However, green grass littered with bodies is
anything but pleasant.  <What on Jurai is going on?  This plan was perfect!>

        "Where are we going again?" Tenchi asks.

        "The Emperor wants to see you," he answers.  Another hall is passed
through
with four more unconscious would-be assassins.  <Where's the last one?>

=-=-=-=-=
        A few knocks grace the air of the surprisingly small office.
"Come," Azusa
orders with a grin.

        The door swings open.  From the opening, the five girls drop three
assassins on the floor before them.  One is unconscious, one has his head
positioned perpendicular to his body, and the third has his head turned to
the side.

        "What is the meaning of this?" Azusa shouts.

        "Try to kill our friend?" Celestia grumbles.  "I don't think so!"
She
walks forward and grabs Azusa by the collar to pull him close.  "For now,
I'll let you live.  But, you must know by now that your stupid plans will
never work.  I suggest you quit while you're ahead.  Or, while you have
one."

        Celestia and the others walk out of the office and pass Tenchi.
Kat,
however, pulls him with her.  "You don't want to go in there.  He's in a
real bad mood.  C'mon.  The party needs you."

=-=-=-=-=
        Near the reception hall, Misaki walks out in search of the five
girls.  "I
wonder where they went?"  She turns her head to the sound of general
footfalls.  "Girls?  Tenchi?  What happened?"

        The group passes her, but Kat alone stops in front of her.  <Your
Highness,
I regret to inform you that your husband sent assassins after Tenchi.
Again.>

        <Azusa?  Are you sure?>

        <Yes.  I am sure.  The five of us stopped them, however.>

        <And Azusa?  What of him?>

        <Well... he's the emperor.  We can't strike him!>

        Misaki grins.  <Don't worry, Tel.  We'll take care of him!>

=-=-=-=-=
        After a long reception, the happy couple walk into a room about the
size of
Tenchi's living room.  On the side of said room is a gigantic bed with a red
covering on it.  Adjacent to it is a glass door, and across from it is a
large closet with mirrored doors.

        Tenchi comes in, carrying Sasami as in tradition.  After entering,
he sets
her down, and the said wife walks into the room.

        Reaching the bed, she stretches her arms up, and hears a few cracks
in the
process.  "Well, I'm glad that's over with," she comments.  "After being in
that humid room, I could use a shower."

        "So could I," he says, smiling.

        Sasami looks back to him, smiling as well.  "Now, now.  Nice boys
don't do
things like that."  Taking off her white gown, she lays it on the bed.
Still clad in her undergarments, thin as they are, she opens the glass door.
  She walks in and peeks out a second later.  "Just remember:  only naughty
boys peek in at times like this."  That said, she closes the door.

        Thinking about this a second, "this should be fun," he comments,
walking to
the glass door.  Taking off his own outfit, he lays it next to the dress.

=-=-=-=-=
        In another part of the palace, Riko walks up to her mother and Ryoko
curiously.  "Where's Daddy and Aunt Sasami?" she asks.  "I can't find them
anywhere."

        "Well, Riko," Misa starts, "you know how Sasami likes to cook,
right?"

        "Yeah," she replies.

        "Well," Ryoko continues, "Sasami and Tenchi went to go put a bun in
the
oven."

        "Oh," Riko says.  "When will it be ready?  I can get everyone ready
for it.
  I know how Uncle Devon likes fresh bread."

        "It'll be awhile," Misa says.  "Why don't you go play and we'll let
you
know when they're done."

        "Okay," she says, running off.

        "That was a good one," Misa compliments.

        "Thank you," Ryoko says, teleporting out.

=-=-=-=-=
        While in the shower, Sasami listens as she hears the door open, and
then
close.  "Are you being naughty, Tenchi?" she calls sarcastically.

        "I sure am," he says, stepping into the shower with his wife.

        "Oh, good.  I thought you were losing it."

        "Nah.  I'm having too much fun to lose it."  Taking a plastic
bottle, he
squirts some soap onto his hand.  Taking the blue haired woman's arm, he
slides his soapy hand up her arm, and around it.  Taking the other, he
repeats the process.  Taking a wet cloth, he slowly scrubs the lathered
areas, taking the soap, dirt, and sweat off completely.

        "You're trying to tease me, aren't you?" she asks.

        "Oh, yes.  After five years, the teaser turns into the teasee.
Speaking of
turning," he trails off as he gently turns his second wife.  "Besides, I
haven't even begun to tease."  Using a bit more soap, he bends down and
lathers up her feet and ankles, making his way up her right leg ever so
slowly.  On contact with her thigh, he slows, while both savoring the feel
and teasing the woman even more.

        There's a bar in the shower for holding towels. It's positioned so
as not
to get wet.  It was designed to hold over two hundred pounds, which says a
great deal of how strong it is.  Sasami feels like ripping it off the wall
as Tenchi lathers her other leg.

        As he finishes rinsing her legs, he stands again and lathers her
back.  As
he does this, he notices Sasami gripping hard on the bar.  After soapifying
her shoulders and back, he lathers her rear, and moves down, and slides
soapy fingers across her womanly areas.  <Is she bending that thing?> he
asks himself, while lathering her sides.

        While looking patient, the teasing continues, as Tenchi wipes off
her
backside.  "You're having fun, aren't you?" she asks, ready to remove the
said towel rack.

        "Of course," he responds, lathering up her stomach.  Of course,
that's not
where it stopped.  Reaching down, he ensoapens her crotch area, matting down
her scant blue hair.  Gliding his hands upwards, he soapens her breasts,
massaging them in the process.  Finally, he uses the same cloth to remove
the soap, further massaging her front.

        Sasami can't help but rip the towel rack off the wall.  Ignoring
this
incredible feat, she turns and puts Tenchi into liplock, dropping the bent,
hand printed, and otherwise removed bar.   Wrapping her arms around his
neck, he ensures her continued liplock.  Tenchi responds to this by placing
his hands under her mid-thighs and lifting her, and feels her legs cross
behind him.  Probing her mouth with his tongue, he finds her doing the same.
Ignoring the feat of strength himself, he carries his love into the other
room.

        Setting her on the giant bed, he releases Sasami's mouth, much to
her
protest.  Moving his head down, he kisses her cheek, neck, and shoulders,
working his way down.  Finally, he stops and sucks on her right breast,
gently nipping at her nipple in the process.

        Sasami looks up to see the bar above her is reinforced much like the
one in
the shower.  Already, it's showing handprints as the girl grips it fiercely.

        Seeing this, he's glad she's on his side.  Moving further down, he
pecks at
her abdomen lightly.  Finally, he reaches his destination, as he gently rubs
her womanly areas with his fingers.  Receiving a slightly wet response, he
licks off some and finds it quite sweet.  Putting his mouth over the tender
area, he pushes his tongue deep inside, searching for more.  The massaging
of the inner areas gets an abundant supply of fluid.

        Sasami is ready to rip the bar off the bed, like she did in the
shower.
Already it starts to bend forward.  Having spent enough time waiting, Sasami
bends forward and pushes her husband back.  Having done so, she puts her
hands to his cheeks and kisses him thoroughly.  After a minute, she reaches
her head down and places her mouth over his member, whereupon she uses her
tongue to gently lubricate the said organ.  Taking her pent up sexual
frustration, she continues for several minutes before letting off.

        After being freed from Sasami's actions, Tenchi inserts his manhood
into
his wife, setting her up on his lap.  The blue haired beauty responds by
wrapping her legs around her love, pulling him into herself.  As he motions
himself into her, she uses her legs to grip him even tighter.  Sasami
relocks their lips together, enjoying every moment of this event.

        Still driving him into herself, she presses her body against his,
and wraps
her arms around his back, releasing every bit of pent up frustration from
his bodily teasing.

        Finally, Tenchi feels his lower areas expunge a load of sticky
juices.
Upon contact, Sasami's love canal spasms as the two simultaneously climax.
An effect of this is his wife has her knees together behind his back, as she
nearly crushes his waist.

        The involuntary action causes Sasami to release her husband, and
fall
backwards on the bed.  "That was wonderful," she moans, nearly passing out
from the extraneous activity.

        "Yeah, that was," he returns, exhaustedly.  Nearly passing out
himself, he
sees Sasami sleeping soundly on the bed, her arms lying next to her.  Seeing
his extremely satisfied wife passed out, he gives in to exhaustion himself.

        After resting on his back for a few minutes, he sits up and covers
Sasami
with a blanket.  As she slumbers quietly, he notices a new form enter the
room.

        Gliding along the carpet is Sasami's older counterpart, Tsunami.
Curiously, the matron of Jurai seems to be edgy as her hands shake a bit
when she walks.  "Tenchi," she says, almost stammering.

        "Tsunami," he returns.  "Is there something I can do for you?"

        Blushing, "I do not know how to say this.  As you know, Sasami and I
are
assimilated.  What she knows, I know.  What I know, she will soon know.
What I feel, she feels."

        "I see," he sighs.  "You felt 'it' didn't you?"

        Nodding, "yes, I did.  Unlike Sasami, I was not able to...express
it.  I
need to let it out.  I do not think Sasami will mind, considering the
circumstances."

        "You want to...oh, boy."  Looking to his sleeping wife, "I don't
think
it'll be a problem," he states.

        This is all Tsunami needs as she lovingly attacks Tenchi.  Putting
her
hands to his face, she puts him into a deep, passionate kiss.

=-=-=-=-=
        Days later, on the night of their return to Earth, the family is
back at
the house, recovering from the past few days events.  Washu, Kiyone, and
Devon are in Washu's lab, as so not to be heard.  Mihoshi and Misa are
asleep in their rooms.  Riko is sleeping as well in her own room.  Ryo is on
her stomach, resting quietly.  Azaka is meditating in his room.

        Ryoko, Sasami, and Tenchi are all still up, relaxing after a loving
ordeal
on Tenchi's bed.  Nowadays, the bed is a larger one to account for extra
people sleeping in it.  And, of course, the legs are reinforced for obvious
reasons.  Sasami, lying next to her new husband, is the first to notice.
Looking outside, she notices a small flash of light.  Shortly afterwards,
they coalesce into human forms.  "Now what?" Sasami wonders.

        "What is it?" Tenchi wonders, looking out the window.  "What did you
see?"

        Hopping off the bed, Sasami slips on undergarments and a robe.
"Trouble,"
she says, standing at the foot of the bed.  "Shall we address them, Ryoko?"
she smiles.

        "Let's do it!" she agrees, phasing into her battle outfit.  Taking
her new
sister, she phases them through the wall onto the deck.

        Standing behind the rail, "who are you?" Sasami shouts to the group.

        "We have no wish to harm you, Princess Sasami," one speaks.  "Come
peacefully, and we won't kill the pirate or the boy."

        Sasami looks to the group, angrily.  "Juraian Assassins."

        Tenchi walks out a second later, Tenchi-ken in hand.  "What is the
meaning
of all this?" he asks the foreign group.

        "Tenchi," Sasami coos, "they want to take me away!  Let's say we do
something about that," she says.  She snaps her hand down then forward to
summon her Light Hawk Sword.

        "Nobody kills our Tenchi," Ryoko adds, creating a beam sword.

        "Who sent you?" Tenchi asks, watching the ladies jump up to the
rail.
Sasami has her sword in her left hand, while her right hand is on her hip.
Ryoko has her beam sword in her right hand, and her left on her hip.

        "Who sent you?" they ask.

        "King Azusa sent us," one says.  "We must kill the boy to ensure the
safety
of the throne."

        "Bad plan," the girls shout, as the three jump down.

        As three swords of light move through the air, the light itself
nearly
kills the darkness.  As Tenchi looks to the invading group, he notes that
there are at least 20 people here.  A jump from 5 last time.

        The second wife, Sasami, feels as if she's fighting unfairly.  Here
are
several opponents, and none of them will strike a princess of Jurai.

        Ryoko is having no problem fending off the attackers.  One falls,
and
another replaces it.  It's that simple, even after killing three in a row.

        Tenchi is doing well.  Not even tapping his Light Hawk Power, he is
able to
fend off every one of his attackers.

        Unseen, another attacker readies himself.  Thinking he's in the
perfect
position behind the rest, he doesn't notice two long legs lifting him into
the tree.  With a loud >THWACK< he falls back to the ground, unconscious.
Misa drops down to see the trio finish their work.

        "Where'd you come from?" Sasami asks.

        "I saw the initial transport.  I-"  Her sentence is cut off as a
blade
appears near her neck.

        "Listen well, boy," the assassin states.  "If you don't want this
one hurt,
I suggest you come with me.  Otherwise, I'll kill the fake twin."

        Tenchi looks down at his sword with concern.  The blade is still
present,
and his grip is still quite firm, despite the sweat caused by his nerves.
<Now he's threatening my family?  Not just me?  No more!>  His body glows
for a second before the blade is coated in the same color.  With a snap of
the wrist and a cry to the heavens, he sends a fierce ball of energy
forward.

        Misa watches in horror at the act.  However, it passes through her
and
vaporizes the assailant.  "Wh-what was that?"

        "The Cherry Blossom Technique," Devon states.  "Good work, my boy.
I think
you've learned it quite well!"  Devon looks to the rest in wonder, "is
everyone alright?"

        Sasami glances around with a growing smile.  "I think so, yes."

        Misa walks forward to Tenchi.  "Not everyone," she mutters before
slapping
Tenchi.  "You could've killed me!"

        "But, I did save your life," Tenchi responds.  "Isn't that enough?"

        "No..." she responds with a tear.  She runs off into the woods a
moment
later and leaves everyone with shocked expressions.

=-=-=-=-=
        On Jurai, Misaki is sleeping soundly when a wall monitor starts to
beep.
Seeing Funaho and Azusa sound asleep, she pushes the flashing light,
activating the message.  "Yes?" she asks half groggily.

        Appearing on the screen, "Mommy?" Misa says in a hurt voice.  Her
eyes are
a little red, and she's shaking a bit.  "I have something to tell you..."

        "Honey, what's wrong?"

        "It's nothing," she responds calmly.  "Father sent some men to kill
Tenchi
and Ryoko.  It seems they wanted to take Sasami back to Jurai."

        "They didn't...."

        "No.  This was about something else.  This is getting out of hand,
Mommy."
she continues.

        Looking to the sleeping, heavily snoring king,
that...that...OOOOHHH!"
Finally, she looks back to Misa with a vengeful look.  "Don't worry, honey,"
she smiles, "we'll take care of him."  Then, she turns off the video phone.
Nudging Funaho awake, "Sis, we have a problem," she says quietly.

        "What is it?" she moans, almost falling back to sleep.

        "Kingy sent assassins again."

        "WHAT?  To who?" Funaho shouts.

        "Tenchi and Ryoko," she scowls.

        Funaho kicks him fiercely, knocking him off the bed.  "BAKA!" she
shouts.

        Crawling back up, "what happened?"

        "You damn well know what happened," Misaki growls.  "My little
Sasami just
got married and now you're trying to take her back to Jurai.  That is the
most despicable thing you have ever done."

        Funaho looks ready to kill.  "And you wanted my great-grandson dead.
How
dare you.  For this, you require....punishment."

        "Oh, really?" Azusa says sarcastically.  "And what will you do to
me?"

        An hour later, he finds out as Misaki and Funaho stop beating on
him.
Lying on the bed in extreme pain, he can only watch as his wives stand over
him angrily.  "That...hurt...."

        "It's not over," Funaho states.

        "It's not?" he groans.

        "No.  Misaki and I will be staying in a spare room until further
notice.
Let our abstinence serve as punishment for this unforgivable sin."  Looking
to Misaki, "let's go, Sis."

        The two walk out, leaving the hurt king of Jurai to ponder his grave
mistake.

-Continued!-

BTW, the Crystal Warriors are mine!

For more on them...

http://members.xoom.com/Tenchiii/Homepage2.htm
(The Crystal Shrine!)
