Disclaimer:  You know the drill.  But, I guess it needs saying.  Pioneer
owns Tenchi Muyo!  I don't.

Claimer:  Devon Kane belongs to my co-writer.

Author's note:  This is part two of our "collaboration."  I'll write the
evens, and he'll write the odds.

=-=-=-=-=

First Knight

Chapter Two:  Training in another matter...

Brian Burke

Tenchii@hotmail.com

=-=-=-=-=

        On a cool fall day, Misa has volunteered to go to town for Sasami's
cooking supplies.  Nothing out of the unusual, but a reason to get away
from the constant chaos for awhile.  Walking with her is Devon, who's
been staying at the house for nearly a month, now.  And of course, Ryo
is following closely as well.  Stopping, "you want me to WHAT?!?"
Creating a beam sword, "I don't know what you're up to, Devon, but I
think I should find out."

        "Hey!  Chill out a second.  I didn't mean it like that!"

        "Really?  It sounded like you want Tenchi and I to make love every
night for a month.  Are you INSANE?!  Ayeka and Ryoko would kill me!  I
got away with it once, but that was because I was disoriented.  To this
day, they still don't know."

        "You're taking it all wrong.  I didn't mean just for fun, I meant
you
should train Tenchi in dealing with the other girls."

        "What about the others?  They'll find out sooner or later.  After
all,
there aren't many secrets in this house."

        "I'll take care of the girls.  They'll be pre-occupied with
something
or other every night."

        Her anger decreasing, she extinguishes her sword.  "Do you really
think
Scrabble will keep their minds off of Tenchi?"

        "I'll just tell them Tenchi has to go through special
training--which
it is--for the next month."

        "Okay, but what about me?  Are you going to tell them I'm training
Tenchi?"

        "They trust you.  They know you're not after Tenchi anymore.  What
they
DON'T know is what you'll be doing specifically."

        "What about the cabbits?  They're both linked to Washu.  Ryo's going
to
be feeling different the first few times.  And then, Washu will find
out."

        "That's no problem a fresh carrot won't solve."

        Misa starts to consider this plan as she starts to walk again.
"Okay,
what happens after that month?  What is Tenchi going to do?"

        "You'll see.  So, will you do it?"

        Sighing, "if I don't, you're going to bug me until I do, right?"

        "You're the only one who can do this.  You're the only one that
knows
Tenchi better than anyone."

        "When do we start?"

        "It's the first today, so..."

        "I guess class starts tonight."

=-=-=-=-=

        As the day goes on, Misa and Devon return to the house with another
week's worth of groceries.  Devon walks in, and removes his shoes at the
door.  Tenchi appears at the sound of new arrivals.  Taking the pair of
bags, "I'll take them, Devon."

        "Thank you, Tenchi," he replies.

        Misa walks in a short time later with a bit of a faraway look to
her.
Kicking off her shoes, "hey, Tenchi."

        "Something wrong?" he asks.  "You look a little worried."

        Smiling wide, "no, nothing's wrong."

        <Uh-huh,> Tenchi thinks, <something's up.>

        "Don't worry about it, Tenchi," Devon says.  "She just has something
new to think about."

        "Alright," he says, walking into the kitchen.  "If there's anything
I
can do, let me know."

        <Oh, you'll be doing plenty,> Devon thinks to himself, smiling a
bit.

        Following Tenchi from the entry, <I still don't know about this.>

        "Don't worry, Misa," Devon says, "everything will be fine."

        Devon walks into the kitchen, trying to comfort Misa a bit more.
<Never could stand a woman looking unhappy.>  Entering the room, he sees
Ryoko has glommed onto Tenchi, as usual.

        "Get off him," Ayeka shouts, yanking her rival off Tenchi.  "Can't
you
see he doesn't want you?"

        "Oh, buzz off," Ryoko shouts back.

        "Ladies!" <a stretch,> Devon adds to himself.  "Do you really think
this is necessary every time Tenchi enters the room?"

        Ryoko and Ayeka pause, and shortly afterward back away.

        "Thank you, Devon," Tenchi says, gratefully.

        Misa finishes putting away her share of the groceries, and exits the
room silently.  <Every time I see that, I think of MY Tenchi.>  Walking
out of the house, she heads for the shrine.

=-=-=-=-=

        A short time later, Tenchi sits in his room, thinking about the
matter.
"Misa looked pretty down.  I wonder what's up?  Maybe she misses her
husband.  It's too bad I can't do anything about it."

        <I wouldn't say that,> Devon thinks, knocking on Tenchi's door.

        "Yes?" Tenchi answers, turning towards the door.

        Devon walks in, with a small grin on his face.  "Tenchi, I want you
to
be at Funaho at 9:00 tonight.  We have something to discuss."

        "What's that?"

        "I'll tell you then," he says, leaving the room.  A second later, he
closes the door behind him.

=-=-=-=-=

        Later that night, Tenchi is waiting at Funaho.  "Devon wanted me to
be
here at 9:00."

        Dropping down from the tree, "that's right, Tenchi," Devon says.
"For
the next month, you will be given special training from someone else.
For that purpose, your other training is postponed."

        "Someone else?  Who?" he asks.

        "Me," Misa says, stepping out from behind the tree.  Wearing a dark
blue kimono with light blue trim and a pink sash, "I am going to be your
new instructor."

        "O-kay." Tenchi wonders.  "Devon, what are you up to now?"

        "Tenchi," Devon starts, "I've been watching you for the past three
and
a half weeks.  You've beaten Kagato.  You've beaten Kain.  There is one
thing you can't beat though."

        "I can beat anyone!  I've proven that!"

        Smiling, "really?  Misa?"

        Misa pulls on the bow of her sash, and drops the article.  Her
kimono
loosened, she drops it to the ground as well, revealing her nude body
underneath.

        Tenchi turns red, gets his usual nosebleed, and nearly faints.

        "You can't beat your fear of women, Tenchi," Devon says.

        Misa puts her kimono back on, but leaves the sash on the ground.
"That's where I come in.  I am going to make sure you can handle the
opposite sex."

        "And how are you going to do that?" he asks, half-knowing the
answer.
"Oh, no.  You can't be serious!  What about the other girls?  You know
what will happen if they find out!  And what about Ryo?  Washu will find
out if Ryo feels anything strange."

        Walking towards him, "Tenchi..." Misa says softly, "Ryo is busy
eating
a troth full of carrots, and the other girls think you're getting
special training."

        "Which you are," Devon adds.

        "Um, what exactly do you have in mind?"

        "Since Misa knows you best around here, I left the details of your
training to her.  But, don't worry.  It's not going to be a month long
orgy.  You will learn."  With that, he starts to walk away.  "Have fun!"
he says, nearly laughing.

        Tenchi looks to Misa, almost fearfully.  "So, where do we start?"

        "Well, I already gave you your first lesson three years ago, when I
arrived.  That broke the ice, I guess.  The first thing we have to do is
make sure you don't pass out every time you see a naked woman."

        "I don't pass out!" Tenchi shouts.

        Misa drops her kimono again.  "Really?  So, seeing a nude girl such
as
myself doesn't bother you?"

        "N-no," he lies.  "Not at all."  Tenchi can already feel his face
ignite in embarrassment.

        <Yah.  Sure.  He's never going to get anywhere if he doesn't admit
it.>
"Tenchi, do you know your face is as red as my eyes?"  Walking around
him, "we're going not to get anywhere if you don't admit your problem."
Standing ahead of him, "you know that, don't you?"

        "Uh, yeah.  I just don't see why this is all necessary."

        <Tougher than I thought.>  "If you don't get over your problem with
women, there won't be any around you anymore.  Ayeka.  Ryoko.  Sasami.
Mihoshi.  Kiyone.  Washu.  If they see you as a coward, they'll all
leave."

        "L-leave?  All of them?"

        "I would too.  I'd go to Jurai with Ayeka and Sasami.  Not to
mention
Ryo and Riko."  <He's not red anymore.  That's a good sign.>  Walking
back to her kimono, she puts it back on.  "I'll leave you to think about
that."  Tying her sash in place, "good night!" she says, walking towards
the house.

        "I don't want them to leave.  But, if I don't do something soon,
they
will."  Walking back to the house himself, he ponders the thought.

=-=-=-=-=

        Standing near the lake, Devon watches as Misa approaches.  <Damn,
she
works quick.>  "That didn't take long," he comments.

        "Some things don't.  I didn't do much.  I just made him realize two
things.  First, that he nearly faints every time he sees a girl in the
buff."

        "And the second?"

        "That the girls will leave if he doesn't work quick."

        "That works!  He may be a wuss, but seeing six beautiful girls leave
is
something he doesn't want."

        "Seven.  Eight, if you include Riko."

        "You would too?  Is he that bad?"

        "Afraid so."

        "So, tell me.  How did you get him?"

        Smiling, she tells him her story.  As she does so, the two start to
walk to the shrine.

        "MI-SA!  I'm shocked!"

        "Well, Ryoko was in space, and Mihoshi and Kiyone were gone."

        Sitting on the hillside, he is joined by Misa.  "Gone?  You mean as
in..."

        Sighing, "yeah.  It's hard to think about, but it happened.  It was
just Ayeka, Washu, and myself trying to get Tenchi.  I was about a day
away from giving up when 'it' happened."

        "Is that when Riko came about?"

        "No.  That happened later."  Misa looks to the house, depressed.  <I
miss him.>

        Devon leans her against him comfortingly.  "So, what else is there
to
your past?" he asks.

        As the night wears on, Misa explains some of the finer points of her
past.

=-=-=-=-=

        Tenchi walks into the living room, and sees Ayeka and Ryoko on the
couch, and hears Sasami in the kitchen, preparing dinner.  Washu is on a
nearby chair, and Mihoshi and Kiyone are on the other couch.  "I'm
home," he announces.

        Ayeka and Ryoko look to Tenchi, smiling, but curious.  "Tenchi,"
Ryoko
starts, "I thought you'd be out there all night.  Weren't you training?"

        "And what does Misa have to do with it?" Ayeka adds.  "You weren't
doing something you'd regret, did you?"

        "Ayeka, you know Misa isn't interested in a relationship with me, if
that's what you mean."

        After thinking about this comment, Ayeka and Ryoko calm down a bit.
A
moment later, Misa enters the room.  Sitting on the couch, she draws the
attention of the feuding pair.  "Is something wrong?" she asks, fearing
they might know.

        "I didn't know you still wore kimonos," Ryoko states.  "Is something
up?"

        Looking to her outfit, "there's nothing wrong with it.  Ayeka and
Sasami wear kimonos.  Why can't I?"

        "It's just not like you," Ayeka adds.  "What's going on?"

        Devon walks in a second later.  "Give the girl a break, would you?"
he
says strongly.  "It's part of Tenchi's training.  You wouldn't want it
to be hindered, would you?"

        "No," they agree.

        "Good," he finishes.

        "So, Misa," Ayeka asks, "what is this special training that you're
giving to Tenchi?"

        "It's for handling a different kind of opponent," Misa answers,
smiling.

        "Really?" Ryoko says, surprised.  "What kind of opponent?"

        "Women," Misa says.

        Devon turns a shade of white.  <That's it.  Cover's blown.  Nice
knowing you, kid.>

        "You see," Misa continues, "Tenchi has only had male teachers, and
male
opponents.  I'm making sure he can fight the opposite sex just as well."

        "Oh..." Ayeka and Ryoko say in understanding.

        Misa stands and heads for the kitchen.  "I'm going to see if Sasami
needs any help."

=-=-=-=-=

        The next night, at nine p.m, Tenchi is standing alone at Funaho.
"It's
nine.  Where's Misa?"

        Finally appearing from the path, she's in less traditional attire
than
last night.  "sorry I'm late.  I had to explain to Ayeka and Ryoko that
I wasn't going to do what I'm about to."

        "And, what is that?" he asks.

        Without a word, Misa kisses him passionately.  After a minute, she
releases him.  "I just want you to know that this is for both our
benefits."

        "Both of us?  What do you mean?"

        "You gain a spine around women, and I get closure."

        "I see.  So, what's on the agenda for tonight?"

        Misa steps back and pulls off her T-shirt, and then her pants.
Stepping back to him in her light blue undergarments, she pulls off his
shirt.  <He's not turning red like before.  I think last night's speech
took hold.>  "Just relax," she says softly.

        "I am relaxed," he replies.  "after all, this is for both of us."
Misa
puts her hands on his shoulders and gently pushes down, cueing him to
the ground.

        Kissing him again, Misa pushes him the rest of the way to the
ground.
Upon doing so, Tenchi reaches behind her and pulls on the clasp on the
strap of her bra.  Having done so, he caresses his hands around her
back, and forward.  Reaching under the material, he starts to massage
her well formed breasts.  Misa lets go of his mouth and pulls off the
article of clothing.

        "Just do what comes natural to you, Tenchi," Misa instructs.

        Tenchi reaches his head up and puts his mouth over her right breast
as
his hands move down her slender body.  Running his hands down her waist,
he pulls the remaining article of clothing down her legs.

        Sitting up a bit, she removes the last piece of clothing and pulls
down
Tenchi's trousers and underwear.  Seeing the quite erect manhood, she
massages it teasingly.  "You see, Tenchi, it's not just about sex.
That's what I'm going to teach you about.  You gotta have fun with it.
Teasing like this is one way."

        "I can imagine," he agrees.

        Turning, Misa puts her womanly areas just short of Tenchi's face, as
she puts her mouth over his member.

        He responds to this action by massaging the soft area with his
fingers.
Driving his fingers in, he uses them to explore the farther reaches of
her love canal.  Removing them, he sees the slick fluids her body has
offered.  Licking it off, he finds it quite sweet, much like her
personality.  He puts his mouth over the area in search of more nectar.
Probing with his tongue, he gets what he desires.

        After a minute, Misa turns her body again and sits on his lap,
effectively putting her crotch over his.  Moving her body back up, she
stops just short of disconnection.  And as she drops back down, she gets
a moan out of her student.

        As his teacher is moving at a vertical intent, Tenchi grasps onto
her
breasts yet again, feeling their soft texture as well as increasing the
leverage between them.  With every motion, he can feel the pressure
build up below.

        Not long after, he feels himself expel from below.  As it happens,
Misa's lower areas spasm as they both climax.

        Exhausted, she pulls off him and lays next to Tenchi.  As she lays
motionless, she can feel the emotional stress lift.

        "Feel better?" Tenchi asks.  "You won't be so down anymore?"

        "No.  I don't think so."  Kissing him lightly on the cheek, "thank
you,
Tenchi."

        Standing, she walks over to her clothes and dresses.  "I'll go back
first, as to flatten any suspicions about us."

        "That would be a good idea.  I can't move much, anyway."

        "It'll pass.  Good night!" she says, walking out of sight.

        "Yes, it is," he adds.

=-=-=-=-=

        Over the next month, Tenchi learns everything there is to know about
the subject of sex, as well as how to seduce women.  While not every
night has sex in it, for only a few do, he still has fun.  Not only is
this for learning, but it also is a kick to the ass for his confidence.

=-=-=-=-=

        On the first day of the new month, Tenchi walks down to the living
room
to see only Devon is present.  "Where is everyone?" he asks.  "They
didn't leave, did they?"

        "No.  They didn't.  I sent them all to town.  Your lessons are over,
I
take it?"

        "Yeah.  They are."

        "Good.  Now, on to the reason why."

        "Reason?"

        "Yes, Tenchi.  You need to put what you've learned to work.  You're
going to seduce the girls."

        "I get it.  You wanted me to become a hentai."

        "No, you dummy.  I wanted you to take action before the girls leave.
They've been here for three years.  They won't be for much longer if you
don't do something.  Ayeka has already mentioned the possibility.  And
you know she's going to take Sasami with.  The others will follow the
same example."

        "So, who do I start with?"

-!!!Continued!!!-