Subject: First Knight 7
Date: Tue, 01 Feb 2000 10:23:40 CST
From: "Brian Burke" <tenchii@hotmail.com>
To: Gensao@geocities.com

        Standard Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! is owned by Pioneer, Misa and
Riko
created by Brian Burke, Devon Kane created by me, Kenn Sprinkle.

        First Knight Chapter Seven;
        Azusa's Folly

        It has been two months since the wedding of Tenchi and Ryoko.  In
that
time, Devon and Kiyone have also tied the knot.  And Devon has announced
that he is taking Washu as his second wife following the marriage of Tenchi
and Sasami, when the young princess reaches marriagable age.
        ==-==-==
        Azusa faced the five before him.  He said, "You will go to Earth and
kill
Tenchi and that pirate bitch he dared to marry into the royal family.  Do
not worry about his Knight Protector.  Devon Kane is fair swordsman, but he
is rather indolent.  If he interferes kill him as well."
        One of the men, a burly, sour faced man spoke, "My lord, I Sojun,
your
Master Assassin pledge that we will carry out your orders.  If we fail may
our bodies be layed before our Chief in disgrace."
        Azusa made a gesture for the men to leave his presence.  When they
had
left, Azusa sat in his study and hoped Funaho and Misaki never heard about
his attempt on the young couple.  If they did, he knew he was in for a world
of hurt.
        ==-==-==
        Ryoko was feeling a little under the weather again, she rushed out
of bed
and into the bathroom.  Tenchi heard his beloved wife being sick again.  He
went into the bathroom, he took a damp cloth and wiped her face.  Guiding
her back to their room, he put her back to bed and went to get Washu.
        Washu came as soon as she could get dressed.  She examined her
daughter
carefully, she said, "I guess my findings two months ago are now conclusive,
you my dear daughter are about two months pregnant."
        Ryoko was stunned, as was Tenchi who sat down beside her, Ryoko
stammered,
"Ppregnant."
        Washu nodded, then hugged them both, she said, "I'll leave it to the
two of
you to tell the rest of the family."
        Washu watched as her son-in-law put a comforting arm around his
wife, she
smiled as Ryoko laid her head on Tenchi's shoulder.  She left them alone to
sort out the feelings that the announcement had brought up.
        Ryoko still leaned against her husband, she said, "I know we've
talked
about having children someday, but in eight months we'll be parents."
        Tenchi pulled back from his wife, he looked into her feline and
smiled, he
said, "So we become parents earlier than we planned.  Honey, I love you.
This child was conceived of our love for one another, so I can never be
angry about that.  This will make Dad's day, he's still bugging me about
making him a grandfather."
        Ryoko giggled, she said, "I love you Tenchi Masaki, be you a Crown
Prince
or just an ordinary Earth man."
        Tenchi pulled his wife close to him once more, he said, "And I love
you
Ryoko Habuki Masaki, former space pirate and princess of my heart."
        ==-==-==
        At breakfast that morning, Ryoko announced to the family that she
and
Tenchi were expecting their first child.  The girls squealed and hugged them
both.  Devon shook Tenchi's hand and hugged Ryoko.  He looked at Kiyone, she
smiled and shook her head, "Not yet," she mouthed silently.  Devon winked at
her, he turned to Tenchi, "Why don't we reschedule out training session for
tomorrow.  You and Ryoko should go into town and buy some baby items."
        Tenchi replied, "Thanks Dev, I think that's a good idea."
        Tenchi and Ryoko went back up to their room, Devon went into the
kitchen to
find Misa standing at the sink.  He saw her shoulders shakingg, he knew what
was causing it.  Devon walked up behind her and put his hands on her
shoulders, he said gently, "I know it's difficult to watch him move in other
directions from your timeline, but you're a different person than you were
then."
        Misa turned and looked up at Devon through tear stained eyes, she
sniffed a
bit.  Taking out a handkerchief she wiped her eyes, she said, "I know he's
not my Tenchi, but knowing what I know hurts."
        Devon pulled the young woman into his arms and she began crying
again.
Kiyone came in and saw Devon comforting Misa, she nodded wisely and left the
room.
        Later Tenchi and Ryoko left for town, after Devon had given her one
important item on any pregnant woman's list.  A box of crackers, and a piece
of advice, "Eat a few crackers and you won't toss your cookies."
        ==-==-==
        Midnight came and the house went silent.  The excitement of the day
had
come to an end.  Tenchi and Ryoko had returned from their shopping trip with
a van load of baby treasures, that everyone had oohed and aahed over.
        Yosho was the one who had sort of put a damper on things, when he
said, "We
must inform my mother and Aunt Misaki.  So you know who is going to find
out."
        Everyone had groaned, but Tenchi went to Washu's lab to call Jurai.
Funaho
had been pleased, and as usual Misaki was ecstatic.  Both women told Tenchi
they would break the news to Azusa, and try to keep him under control.
        Now everyone was asleep, but Devon was stirring.  He sat up gently
as to
not disturb his sleeping wife and lover.  He quietly rose from the bed, and
went to the open window.  He was right, there was a change in the wind.  He
looked down at the signet ring he wore on his right hand.  The stone setting
around the Kane family crest was flashing red.
        The ring he wore had been a gift from Funaho, on their last visit
here she
had asked to speak to him alone.  They had gone for a walk in the woods, she
had reached into the folds of her kimono and had pulled out the ring, she
said, "Devon, before your father left Jurai, with Yosho, he gave me his
family's signet ring as a token of friendship.  I am giving it to you now as
a rememberence of your heritage."
        She had given him the ring and walked away.  Devon studied the ring,
it was
beautifully crafted.  Made of sterling silver, it had a black onyx stone
setting.  Inlaid into the stone was a silver sword, on the pommel of the
sword sat a majestic eagle.  Around the blade was a laurel leaf.
        He showed it to the family later, then Washu told him she could put
a
signal device in the ring that would alert him when the proximity sensors
that monitored the earth would be activated.
        That device was now working, he went back to the bed and shook Washu
awake.
  She woke quietly, she saw the flashing signal.  She rose quickly and
grabbed a robe.  She was out the door and down the stairs to her lab
entrance.
        When she punched up the data on the ship approaching Earth, she was
startled to see it was a Juraian cruiser.  Using cloaked satellite scanner,
she noticed the markings it carried was that of the House of Assassins.
        Running back to the room she shared with Kiyone and Devon she found
him
dressing in black silk uniform, she said, "Devon, the ship that is here is a
Juraian warship.  It carries the mark of the House of Assassins."
        Devon frowned, he said, "They've been sent after Tenchi and Ryoko.
They
might also try to take Sasami back to Jurai."
        Devon shook his wife awake, Kiyone awoke quickly.  She was startled
to see
Devon dressed in his ninja garb, he said, "Honey, get dressed quickly.  Then
I want you to go down to Tenchi and Ryoko's room and tell them there's
trouble and that they're to stay put.  Stay with them and protect them.
Tell Tenchi to stand by in case I need him."
        Kiyone nodded and slid out of bed into her GP combat uniform.  Devon
turned
to Washu, he said, "Go warn Sasami and Misa, stay with them and Riko."
        "Right, my love," was the beautiful scientist's reply.
        When the two women had left, Devon finished his preparations.
        He tied special bracers around his forearms and calves.  He filled
secret
pockets on his uniform with shuriken stars and spikes.  Along with nage
teppo smoke bombs.  Taking up his sword he tied it across his back.  Lastly
he put on his mask, first the one piece face mask.  Then the seperate hood
that covered his forehead.  He looped the ends around the front of his neck
and tied it securly at the back of his neck.
        Going to the window, he jumped out and landed silently in the grass.
Pausing to listen to the wind, he found the location of one of the
assassins.  Moving like a ghost, Devon circled around to the man's position.
  Silently drawing his sword, he crept up behind the man and cut his head
off.  The man died without making a sound.
        Having just used the Jurai Power to energize the blade, the wound
was
completely cauterized.
        Devon moved on to find the next man, he watched as bush moved
against the
gentle breeze instead of with it.  Drawing a shuriken, Devon let it fly.  It
struck the assassin in the temple, felling him instantly.  Another person
was stalking the assassins, Yosho had felt a disturbance in the wind as
well.  He had removed his disguise and was clad in black Juraian battle
garb.  He saw Devon exit the house and move into the forest.
        Yosho found one of the assassins, and challenged him to a duel.  The
assassin was frightened, for this was Prince Yosho, he could not in all
conscience fight this man.  But, Yosho did not have that problem, he struck
with all his fury.  As quickly as the fight began, it was over.
        Devon found two of the assassins about to enter house, he moved with
all
the speed his abilities gave him.  Sojun turned to face the black clad blur
that sprang towards him and his companion.  Energy sword met energized sword
in a flash of light.  Devon sprang back as did Sojun.  Devon said, "Who sent
you?"
        Sojun said, "We have been sent by King Azusa to kill the
abominations that
live in this house.  The false heir to the throne and his space pirate bitch
wife."
        Devon growled, "That's all I needed to know."
        Devon moved forward, his sword whirling in a deadly figure eight.
He
feinted and drew Sojun out.  When the master assassin moved to deflectr a
blow, Devon's real move came about as the ninja to was brought around in a
reverse slash to the neck.  Sojun's head left his body, his face contorted
in shock from the death blow.
        The other assassin made it into the house, but was stopped by
Kiyone.  She
said, "As a GP operative and the wife of Prince Tenchi's First Knight, I
command you to leave this house with your life intact."
        The assassin smirked, "One woman to stop me, a Juraian assassin.
Don't be
rediculous, out of my way, woman."
        Kiyone sighed, she raised her blaster and fired.  The Assassin
leaped out
of the way, but it did him little good.  For Azaka had arrived, he said, "I
will handle this, Lady Kiyone."
        The assassin said, "You would fight me old man."
        Before Azaka could reply, Tenchi stepped out of his bedroom, he
said, "No
assassin, he won't be fighting you.  I will."
        Tenchi was clad in his Juraian battle garb, Tenchi-ken in his hand,
blade
ignited.  He moved forward before the stunned man could move and impaled him
on the blade.  The man crumpled to floor, "King Azusa was wrong, you are all
formidible," he managed to gasp out.  He then breathed his last.
        Devon rushed up the stairs, to find the last assassin dead.  Yosho
was
coming up behind the young ninja, now back in his disguise as Katsuhito.
The others had also been aroused by the sounds of combat.  Noboyuki was
startled to see a dead man lying in the hallway, he said, "But why would
Azusa do this."
        "He thinks he's preserving the royal line," said Devon, "but all
he's
really doing is causing a rift between himself and the rest of the family."
        Katsuhito spoke, "I think we should send a message that his
assassins
failed.  Do you have any ideas, Devon?"
        Devon nodded, he said, "The Koiga Ninjas had a very effective
message for
this sort of occasion."
        He sheathed his sword and dragged the body off, before going outside
he
whispered to Washu.  She nodded and returned to her lab.
        ==-==-==
        A day later on Jurai, a guard was startled to see a brightly colored
package materialize from the Ohki ship that hovered overhead, meowed and
shot out of the planet's atmosphere.  The guard read the note on the package
"To be opened by Emperor Azusa only."  Also on the package was a seperate
note addressed to the two Emperesses.
        The guard hefted the package, and found it heavy.  But he carried it
into
the palace, first he dropped the seperate note at Funaho's private chamber.
Then took the package to the emperor.
        Azusa was pleased to get a package, he hoped it would contain the
heads of
Tenchi and his pirate bitch Ryoko.  He unwrapped the package and let out a
howl of outrage.  Inside the package were the heads of his five assassins.
There was also a note.  It read "Never underestimate a trained ninja.  You
lose Your Royal High Nastiness.  Signed Devon Kane, First Knight of Crown
Prince Tenchi."
        Azusa sat in his chair looking at the heads of his best assassins,
then he
heard a voice purr in his ear, "Dear Kingy you've been a bad boy, trying to
kill our Tenchi.  Now you must pay the pipers."
        Azusa's howls of pain echoed through the palace as Misaki and Funaho
beat
the snot out of him.
        ==-==-==
        Devon was writing in his journal, "We've heard from Funaho and
Misaki on
the outcome of Azusa's folly.  Beating the snot out of him and abstaining
for a year is pretty severe punishment, maybe he'll learn his lesson.  But,
this is Azusa we're talking about.
        So now I have to make a decision on whether or not to teach Tenchi
the most
secret and deadly sword technique of my ninja clan.  The Cherry Blossom
Technique."
to be continued
______________________________________________________
Get Your Private, Free Email at http://www.hotmail.com
