Disclaimer: Pioneer owns Tenchi Muyo! I own no part of it.

Claimer: Devon Kane is owned by my co-writer, Kenn Sprinkle, and Riko is
mine!

=-=-=-=-=

First Knight

Part Six: Wedding Bells

Brian Burke

Tenchii@hotmail.com

=-=-=-=-=

        Relaxing in the onsen, Tenchi smiles at the thought of what
happened in the
past two weeks. Tenchi discovered that Ayeka didn't love him as much as he
thought, and the process drove her from Earth.

        Fortunately, Sasami refused to leave with her. Not only is she fun
to be
around, but she's the best cook he knows of. That, and she has the ability
to make Tenchi feel like a kid again himself.

        When Ayeka departed, Ryoko became a bit ill, and would not see her
off.
Whether it was a good thing or not, he does not know, for Ryoko may have
started a fight and caused another backstep in her relationship to Tenchi.

        <I wish Ryoko was feeling better. I really have something to tell
her. But,
now's not the best time.>

        Ryoko. The name hung there like a drop of sap trying to escape a
leaf. But,
for him, escape is no longer on his mind. In fact, the Juraian noble hopes
to accomplish the opposite.

=-=-=-=-=

        While preparing lunch, the young princess of Jurai tries
desperately to
solve an annoying and downright embarrassing problem.

        >Hup!< Turning a bit red, she really would like to dispense with
her hiccup
problem. But, everything she's tried has failed. Finally, she hopes they'll
just disappear. >Hup!< Of course, she's been hoping for an hour now.

        As a result, she's asked everyone to leave her alone as to not be
so
embarrassed. >Hup!< Now, though, she's just embarrassing herself. Even
Ryo-Ohki has fled to adhere to her wishes.

        Devon walks towards the kitchen, planning as he walks. <This should
only
take a second. She'll thank me later, I'm sure.>

        <Devon,> Tenchi says telepathically, (one of the advantages of both
of them
having Light Hawk Wings). <Sasami wants to be left alone.>

        <Don't worry about it, Tenchi. I'm not going to hurt her in the
slightest.>

        <Uh, Devon, there's something you should know,> Tenchi starts. But,
as he's
"talking," Devon is already tiptoeing into the kitchen. Looking up, <please
forgive him. He knows not what he's getting into.>

        As Devon walks up to the reddened girl, he smiles a bit at what
he's about
to do. Finally, he slaps his hands on her shoulders, "hey, Sasami!" he
shouts.

        Startled beyond belief, her eyes widen as her actions take over her
thinking.

        Devon, with his reflexes as they are, didn't even see it coming.
With a
loud >WHACK!< he is suddenly sprawled out over the kitchen floor. "What in
the world?" Looking to the blue haired girl, he sees the frying pan
partially covering her face.

        As she realizes what she did, Sasami turns a bright red in shame.
"I'm
really sorry, Devon," she says, helping him up. "I didn't mean to..."

        Standing, Devon rubs the sore part of his face. "I guess I
shouldn't have
tried that."

        Tenchi walks in, shaking his head. "I tried to warn you, Devon," he
starts.
"The other day, Sasami gained her first Light Hawk Wing. As a result, her
reflexes and other abilities have been raised."

        As Sasami listens to this, she realizes one important thing. Her
embarrassing condition has been neutralized. "Thank you, Devon," she says,
"you cured my hiccups."

        "No problem, princess," he says to her. Smiling, she turns and
finishes
preparing the meal.

        <So,> Devon wonders, <that frying pan->

        <-was going at sub-light speed,> Tenchi finishes. <You should be
lucky it
didn't kill you.>

=-=-=-=-=

        A few days later, Washu has released Ryoko after finding she's
recovered.
Ryoko persisted that her mother tell her what's wrong, but Washu didn't say
a word about it. She only said that Ryoko was just ill. Nothing more.
Nothing less. Ryoko knew better. She knew that Washu was hiding something.
She just didn't know what.

        Stepping out of the lab door, she finds Riko waiting for her
return. "Ryoko
all better?" she asks sweetly.

        Smiling, "yeah, Riko. I'm better now. Thanks."

        Satisfied with the response, the youngest member of the house
smiles and
runs off. Finding her mother, "Ryoko all better, Mommy!" she shouts.

        Ryoko just smiles. <Such a sweet child.>

        "That's great, Riko!" Misa returns, lifting her. "Wanna go into
town with
your mom and dad?"

        "Yeah!" Riko shouts.

        <I'm just glad Tenchi isn't really her father,> Ryoko thinks to
herself.
<Not this Tenchi, anyway. I'm glad he accepted the role, though.>

        As Misa and a hefted Riko pass by, "we're going into town with
Tenchi. We
should be back in a couple hours."

        "Have fun!" Ryoko replies. That said, Misa, Riko, and Tenchi, at
the door,
head out. <I should be jealous, but I know Misa isn't going after him
anymore.> Looking to the kitchen, <But, I should be careful. History has a
way of repeating itself.>

=-=-=-=-=

        An hour later, most of the family is gathered in the living room.
Azaka is
playing a fighting game. Misa, Tenchi, and Riko are still in town. The
cabbits are sleeping near the couch. Sasami is reading a novel. Ryoko is on
her beam. Mihoshi is passed out. And, Kiyone is out with Devon.

        Washu exits her lab with a CD-ROM in her hand. "Sasami! I got
something
here you'll like."

        Looking up from her book, "what is it?"

        "I developed a game you might enjoy." Holding it up, "wanna try
it?"

        Sasami puts down her reading material and walks over to the mad
scientist.
"What kind of game is it?"

        "It's your favorite kind, fighting simulation."

        Overjoyed, she takes the CD from Washu, and nearly takes the
red-head with
it. "I think you'll like it. It stars people you know well."

        As she talks, Sasami loads the game into the Playstation. The
screen goes
through the usual Playstation copyright screens, and finally starts. [Washu
presents] the screen reads, fading out a second later. [A production from
Genius Labs] Then, the screen fades, and the title fades in: [Tenchi: The
fighting game!]

        "Tenchi!" Ryoko shouts, appearing in front of the group.

        "I programmed in everyone we know. Including us girls, Tenchi,
Azaka,
Kamidake, Katsuhito, and even Ayeka. I also added some hidden characters,
if
you can find them."

        "Really?" Sasami asks, totally interested. "Who?"

        "If you really want to know, you'll have to search for them. I took
everything into account," she finishes, sitting on the couch.

        Sasami and Azaka grab the controllers, ready as always to win over
the
other.  After they choose their champions, the TV blares in Tenchi's voice,
"Sasami versus Azaka! Fight!"

        As the two fight each other in a 3D environment, Sasami finds her
own
character fights a bit like Ellis from "Toshinden." After 33 seconds,
"Sasami" stands atop "Azaka," with her classic "V!" Sasami can't help but
laugh at how accurate the scene is. [Perfect] flashes on the screen a
second
later.

        "That was round one," Azaka states. "You have yet to win the
match." 34
seconds later, he is beaten again. "It's a new game," he says, "I'm not
used
to it, yet."

        "You just have to practice," Sasami says, smiling as always. As she
looks
at the menu of characters, she sees that her older counterpart is missing
from the selection. <Washu said she took everything into account. I
wonder...> Taking herself again, she finds a new opponent.

        "Sasami versus Ryoko! Fight!"

        As the fight rages, Sasami finds her a harder opponent than Azaka.
Surprisingly, Sasami falls in the first match. The second, though, is won
by
the little princess. Finally, the third match ends, and Sasami is the
victor. "You're good!" she compliments.

        "I used to vent my anger with video games. Since Ayeka was such a
pain, I
used it quite often."

=-=-=-=-=

        An hour later, Tenchi, Misa and Riko return. Upon arrival, Riko
flops onto
the couch, watching the new game. She sees that the characters involved are
the people she knows. Saying nothing, she just watches.

        [30-0] is the current score, with Sasami conquering everyone else.

        Standing, Ryoko flies over to Tenchi, hugging him fiercely.
"Welcome home,
Tenchi," she coos.

        Smiling at her, "I have something important to say, Ryoko," he says
softly,
digging in his pocket. "But, words can't express it enough." Taking out a
small box, he gives it to her.

        Puzzled, she opens it to find something she never expected.
"T-Tenchi," she
stutters, shocked. At the thought of its meaning, Ryoko starts to blush.

        "Will you marry me?" he asks, only slightly nervous.

        "YES!" she shouts, hugging him hard enough to make Misaki green
with envy.

        Everyone else in the room cheers at the thought.

        "Oh boy!" Sasami shouts. "A wedding!"

        Riko just looks around, confused. She has no idea what's going on,
or why
everyone is so excited. I mean, she is only three years old.

=-=-=-=-=

        A few days later, a familiar ship arrives at the lake. As the craft
lands,
everyone gathers at the shore. Finally, the occupant of the ship appears
with her sister and her usual "ready-to-bearhug" look.

        "Mommy!" Sasami shouts, running to her. As they meet, the little
girl wraps
her arms around Misaki's waist. "I've missed you, Mommy," she says
kawaiily.

        Bearhugging the little one, "SASAMI! I've missed you so much!" she
screams,
nearly crushing her. As they break their embrace, Misaki looks to the
group,
curiously. One person in particular piques her interest. Walking over to
the
other blue haired woman, "hello, Misa," she coos.

        "Hi, Mommy," she says in an equally kawaii tone. "It's been awhile,
hasn't
it?" (Two weeks, but to Misaki, that's an eternity!)

        Misaki sees Riko and lets loose another Misaki-bearhug on the
unsuspecting
toddler. "Gramma" Riko finally says.

        "You're so cute!" Misaki nearly shouts. Finally, she lets go.
Walking up to
Ryoko and Tenchi, "my great-nephew is getting married!" she cries,
squishing
the two of them against her.

        Funaho walks up in her usual calm manner. "I'm so happy for you,
Tenchi,"
she says. "The wedding we have planned will definitely be one to remember."
As she approaches, she succeeds in separating Misaki from them.

        "You've already planned it?" Tenchi asks.

        "Of course!" Funaho states. "You are the Crown Prince of Jurai.
There are
special requirements you don't know about for such a wedding."

        "Oh. I see," Tenchi says.

        "Don't worry. We won't do anything unless you approve of it. This
is your
wedding, after all."

        "Where are Father and Ayeka?" Sasami asks, curiously. "Aren't they
going to
be here?"

        "They're being stuck up," Misaki points out. "They didn't want to
be here."

        "Figures," Ryoko adds.

        Tenchi, Misa, and Devon mentally give Azusa the bird.

        "Well, let's get started," Funaho commands. "The wedding is in
three days."

=-=-=-=-=

        Three days later, the wedding goes as planned. As everyone is
gathered,
everyone has a role to play.

        At the shrine, Katsuhito presides. Misa, Misaki and Funaho are
witnesses.
As Tenchi stands in front of the old priest, he watches as Riko walks
towards him, dropping flower petals along the way. Misaki and Misa snap a
few pictures of this ultra-kawaii moment.

        Mihoshi leads Azaka down the aisle shortly afterward, and the two
part at
the shrine steps, where the groom waits patiently. Next, Noboyuki and
Sasami
walk towards the collection. Finally, Kiyone, the maid of honor, leads
Devon, the best man, down the aisle, and they part at Tenchi.

        Finally, Washu walks Ryoko down the aisle, where they meet the rest
of the
crew. A step behind them, Ryo-Ohki and Ryo walk, balancing rings on their
heads. They are dressed simply with a small bow under their chins.

        "We are gathered here today to join this man, Tenchi Masaki, and
this
woman, Ryoko Habuki, in the bonds of marriage."

        As Katsuhito speaks, Sasami notices another form lurking nearby.
Wanting
not to interrupt, she simply smiles at Tsunami's presence.

        "Is there anyone here that wishes these two not to be married?" he
says,
just out of duty. He knows the answer far too well.

        "I do!" a voice shouts from behind.

        Everyone turns to see a familiar pink haired form behind the
audience of
three.

        "Oh, no," Tenchi groans. "Not him."

        "I, Seiryo, do not wish this marriage to take place!" Taking out
his sword,
"I shall fight to stop it, as commanded by the king, Azusa!"

        Tenchi looks to him, angrily. "If I must," he says, summoning his
Light
Hawk Sword. Extreme, but Tenchi-ken is unavailable at the moment.

        "Need any help?" Devon asks.

        "Nah. Watch."

        "Sis," Misaki says to Funaho, "we're going to have to have a talk
with the
king."

        "I think so, yes," she responds.

        "Are you ready?" the speech impeded man asks.

        One minute later, Seiryo is sprawled on the ground, with his sword
stuck in
a tree. Tenchi releases his sword and walks back to the shrine. "Shall we
continue?" he asks.

        Ryoko takes the ring from Ryo-Ohki, as instructed by Katsuhito.
"Ryoko," he
asks, "do you take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband in sickness
and in health, until death do you part? To honor, love, and obey until that
fateful day?"

        Smiling, "I do," she says, putting the ring on Tenchi's finger.

        Tenchi then takes the other ring from Ryo, and waits. "Tenchi, do
you take
this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife in sickness and in health, until
death do you part? To honor, love, and obey until that fateful day?"

        Grinning equal to Ryoko, "I do," he responds, placing the ring on
her
finger.

        "Then, by the power vested in me," he concludes, "I pronounce you
man and
wife. You may kiss the bride."

        But, he's already there. Gales of screams and cheers come from the
audience
and friends. Seiryo tries to stand, but is stomped back down by an angered
Misaki. "Don't even try," she threatens.

        "Yes, ma'am," he groans.

=-=-=-=-=

        Later, everyone is gathered once again at the house for the
reception.
Everyone, save Sasami and Riko, have had sake to celebrate. As everyone
digs
into Sasami, Misaki, and Misa's royal feast, Misaki whispers something into
Ryoko's ear.

        Responding, the new wife takes Tenchi from the table into
everyone's view.
"Tenchi, my love," she coos, "Misaki has informed me of a new wedding
tradition on Jurai, since Azusa made the law."

        "What's that?" he wonders. "Is there something wrong?"

        "No, not at all. You see, at the reception, you must choose your
second
wife in front of your family and friends."

        "W-What? Now?" he stutters. "But, I just GOT married. Why must I
choose
now?"

        "It's a new tradition, Tenchi," Misaki shouts. "Choose!"

        "Yes, Tenchi," Funaho adds. "Choose. You don't want to break
tradition, do
you?" she asks.

        "Well, no," he says, nervously. "But, I-"

        "Come on," Ryoko says, "don't be scared. It won't hurt."

        "Well, if you insist," he says, sweating profusely. "For my second
wife, I
choose..." <Actually, my second choice would be Ayeka. But, she left. So, I
guess I should move on.>

        Mihoshi, Misa, and the Juraian Ladies lean towards him in
anticipation.
Washu and Kiyone look curious, but not as much as those four. After all,
Devon has already taken them out of the running. Riko is dumbfounded.
Sasami
is sipping her tea, but glancing at Tenchi.

        "I choose..."

        The four lean forward even more, and Sasami starts to wonder. Ryo
and
Ryo-Ohki look curious now, as well.

        "I choose..." Ryoko slaps him on the back. "...Sasami."

        Everyone, save Tenchi, look at her with shocked looks. The eleven
year old
just sits there, turning red.

        "Now do you see my concern?" Tenchi asks. Misaki crushes Sasami in
her most
powerful hug. "MY LITTLE SASAMI IS GETTING MARRIED!!!!!"

        Separating Sasami from her over-exuberant mother, "Well, not right
now,"
Funaho says. "When she's ready, Sasami will marry Tenchi."

        Sasami hasn't moved a bit since the announcement. She hasn't even
blinked.
Misaki waves a hand in front of her, but gets no response. "Tenchi, you
sure
have a way with girls," she says.

=-=-=-=-=

        Later, after the day's events have taken their toll on the family,
almost
everyone falls asleep. Misaki and Funaho have long since left for Jurai.
After all, they don't want to overstay their welcome.

        Ryoko and Tenchi are the last to stay awake. They have yet to
finish their
plans. For the first time, Tenchi has no problem with Ryoko in his bed. No
regret that Ayeka will burst in, breaking them up. No wondering if this is
the right thing to do.

        After a long ordeal of love, Tenchi is lying on the bed with his
arm around
Ryoko. Ryoko herself is pressed against him lovingly.

        "Tenchi," she says, "I've waited so long for this day. But, tell
me, what
do you think of Ayeka?"

        "Ayeka will always be a friend, even after leaving. I guess the
problem is
that she acted like a princess should act. And, I'm used to living as a
normal person. I guess the royalty part gets in the way."

        "What about Sasami? I can see you care for her."

        "What is this? Twenty questions?"

        "No, I'm just curious."

        "Well, I can see how she feels. But, enough about the others. I
love you,
and that's all you need to worry about."

=-=-=-=-=

        On Jurai, Seiryo returns with news of his venture. "I was unable to
stop
them, my liege. I am so sorry."

        "Indeed," Azusa grumbles. "Guards!" he shouts. A second later, two
men take
the fop away. "You knew the penalty of failure," he says. Finally alone,
"that space pirate bitch is now the Crown Princess of Jurai. Now, anyways.
But, not for long." His ensuing laughter is heard throughout the palace.

-Continued? Damn right!-

End theme: "Walla Walla" by Offspring