                Standard disclaimer, Tenchi Muyo and all characters
belong to Pioneer, except characters Misa and Devon Kane. This story is
the creation of my imagination, and there fore is in no way connected to
the continuity of the OVA or the T.V. series.

        Misa created by Brian Burke.

   Tenchi's First Knight;

        It was a typical day in the Masaki household, as usual Ryoko had
phased
into Tenchi's room and surprised him in bed, of course Ayeka had
followed and the usual morning ritual had occurred. Tenchi had barely
managed to escape unscathed, he went downstairs to find Sasami and Misa,
a future version of herself from an alternate timeline preparing
breakfast. "Good morning, Tenchi." said the little girl brightly. Misa
smiled and also wished the young man a good morning.

        Tenchi said, "Good morning, Misa, Sasami. I guess I'll be repairing
the
house today. Could one of you tell Grandpa, that I'll sweep the shrine
tonight."

        Misa said, "I'll sweep the shrine for you, Tenchi."

        "Thanks, Misa. Maybe we can go into town tomorrow, and see that new
movie from America."

        "Great, sounds good huh, Sasami."

        "Yeah," said the little girl. Tenchi sat down to eat his breakfast,
Ryoko materialized beside him and put her arms around him, "Good
morning, Tenchi my love." she purred seductively. "Get your hands off of
him you, she demon. Can't you see that Lord Tenchi does not want you!"
shouted Ayeka. As the princess shouted her logs began to form and Tenchi
knew was coming. He ran for the door as fast as he could. As usual the
walls and the roof exploded, but surprisingly there was little damage
just one large hole in the roof  and small holes in the walls.

        Tenchi sighed and went to get his tools and begin the repairs on the
house. As he began working on the house, he heard two voices, one was
high pitched and whiny, "But Kiyone, I just wanted to help. I'm sorry I
got us fired."

        Kiyone's voice was low pitched and impatient, "Mihoshi, when you
serve
people in a restaurant, you're supposed to serve the soup into the dish
on the table not in the customer's lap.

And to top it off we've been kicked out of our apartment."

        "Do you think Mr. Masaki will let us move back in."

        "Oh I'm sure he will, I don't think we'll have any difficulty on
that
part."

        Tenchi saw the two Galaxy Police officers approach the house,
carrying
their belongings, he said, Hi Kiyone, hi Mihoshi. Got kicked out again?"

        Kiyone said, "Hi Tenchi, yes we did. Is your father here."

        "No, but if you want we can put your things in your old room and you
can talk to him tonight."

        "Thanks, Tenchi. We'll put our things away and you can go back to
work."

        Tenchi nodded and went back to work, he heard Misa greet the two new
arrivals as she hurried out the door. He watched her progress as she
started to the shrine. He didn't find it all hard to believe that in
another timeline they had been married. She was very much like Sasami,
sweet and giving, but capable of defending herself quite well. But she
had lost her Tenchi and now was just a good friend to  him.

***********************************************************

        Misa found Katsuhito in his shrine office and told him she would be
sweeping the shrine today as Tenchi had to repair the house. The old man
nodded wisely and sent her out to begin. She started to sweep the shrine
porch, then she heard the sounds of someone approaching. The first thing
she saw was a brown hat. She knew the hat was called a fedora, wearing
the hat was a young man dressed in a brown t shirt and bluejeans,
wearing white sneakers. He saw her sweeping and approached her. He spoke
in a quiet voice, "Konichi'wa, is Masaki Katsuhito here."

        "Konichi'wa," replied Misa, "yes he is. He is in the office."

        "Thank you."

        Misa saw his startling green eyes appraising her and blushed. The
young
man touched the brim of his hat and moved on to the office. Misa said to
herself, "Welcome to the family, Devon Kane. Your life will never be the
same."

        She smiled as she watched him take off his hat and shoes. when he
removed the hat she saw the long copper hair tied back neatly in a
ponytail. Misa watched him knock on the door, and heard Grandfather tell
him to enter.

                        ***************************************************

        Devon approached the shrine, his tall, lean, yet muscular body moved
easily under the bright morning sun. He was carrying a large rucksack on
his left shoulder, he laid it at the bottom of the stairs, then started
up. At the top he saw a beautiful blue haired woman sweeping the porch
of the shrine. He approached her and asked her where Katsuhito was and
was directed to the office. Taking off his hat and shoes, he knocked on
the door, he heard a familiar voice say, "Come in."

        Devon slid the door open and entered. he bowed to the elderly man
sitting at the small table, he said to him, "Hello, Katsuhito sama. I
have come as you have asked."

        Katsuhito looked at he young man before him, he rose and bowed to
Devon. Then motioning for his guest to be seated, he asked him, "Would
you care for some tea?"

        "Please."

        When the tea was poured, Katsuhito said, "You know something of why
you
are here, but not all of it."

        "That's right, sir. My foster father said you would clarify things
for
me."

        "That is correct. To begin with my name is not Masaki Katsuhito. It
is
Yosho. Once I was crown prince of the Juraian Empire. Seven hundred
years ago I chose to forfeit that title after I crashed here while
pursuing the demon Ryoko. I didn't want the headache of the title
anyway.

        But I was not the only one on the ship who survived the crash, your
father Ian Kane was also on that ship. We separated and I never saw him
again, until eighteen years ago. When my son-in-law Noboyuki and I
rescued you from the car wreck. My grandson Tenchi had just been born,
and you were very hungry. My daughter  Achika nursed you for three weeks
until I found the Kobiyashi family in the Iga mountains. What we did not
know is that her mothers milk would awaken the Jurai powers in you. As
your father was my Knight protector, so to shall you be Tenchi's Knight
protector. Tenchi is destined to be Emperor of Jurai and you are to be
his First Sword."

        Devon was stunned by this revelation, he said, "Why me."

        "Because it is the place of a cousin of the ruling family to be
First
Sword or Knight Protector. You will also tutor Tenchi in the Koiga Ninja
techniques."

        Devon nodded in agreement, Yosho rose and motioned for Devon to
follow.
They stepped out of the shrine office, and after putting on their shoes,
walked down to the house.

        Everyone was there, including Misa who had finished her sweeping.
Yosho
introduced Devon to everyone and watched their reactions. One person who
had a strong reaction to Devon was Kiyone. When he had bowed to her and
kissed her hand she'd blushed like a teen ager.

        Noboyuki came home sometime later and was introduced to Devon, who
had
helped Tenchi fix the house. Devon was given permission to stay, as were
Kiyone and Mihoshi.

        That night at dinner, is when Devon was introduced to Washu. As he
ate
dinner he began to notice things. For one thing, he saw is that Ryoko
was truly in love with Tenchi, but didn't know how to express it except
in sexual innuendo. Also there was affection on Ayeka's part, but not a
true passion. He could see Tenchi's dilemma, the boy didn't want to hurt
either one, but he could see that he loved Ryoko more. Devon also
noticed that Tenchi's eyes followed Sasami everywhere. Main observation,
Tenchi needed some steel shoved up his backbone.

        Later after dinner, Tenchi helped Devon unpack. Tenchi got a good
look
at what Devon was carrying in his rucksack. Devon pulled out a
magnificent Ninja to. And he also pulled out shurikens and other Ninja
weapons. Tenchi asked, "You're here for more than just to be my body
guard right?"

        "Right, I'm also here to train you in the ninja techniques that I
learned from my foster father. So get a good night's sleep, be up before
sunup. I want you in jogging gear. We're going to go for a short run."

        "Okay, I'll see you in the morning."

        Devon turned in that night, and slept well.  The next morning his
internal clock woke him an hour before sunup. He dressed in jogging
gear, then put weights on his legs. He went down and knocked on Tenchi's
door. Tenchi called, "Come in."

        Devon entered to find his pupil up and dressed for a jog. Tenchi was
surprised when Devon put the weights on his legs. "This will make the
run a little more interesting won't it Tenchi."

        They walked down the stairs and outside, Tenchi asked, "Uh Devon,
how
far are we going to run?"

        Devon smiled and Tenchi felt a enormous sweat drop roll off his
head,
Devon replied, "Oh just an easy ten miles."

        Tenchi felt like falling over, but he began to follow the easy pace
that Devon set. Devon spoke, "Set a shallow breathing pattern, and as
you focus on your ki, you won't notice the length of the run."

        Tenchi did as Devon told him and felt no strain. They ran the full
ten
miles, upon their return to the house did Tenchi feel only slightly
winded. "Keep the weights on all day," he was told, "because we'll start
your advance balance training later and I want you to really get used to
those weights."

        Tenchi nodded, he wondered what his new teacher had in store for him
now. Devon said, "Let's go see what Sasami has for breakfast."

        The two young men went into the house, Yosho was seated at the
table.
He watched as the two boys removed their shoes and went to  the bathroom
to wash up. Sasami greeted them as they seated themselves at the table,
she said breezily, "Good Morning, Tenchi. good morning Devon."

        "'morning Sasami," said Tenchi, "boy that sure smells good, huh
Devon."

        "Good morning, Sasami," replied Devon, he turned to Tenchi, "you'd
better eat as much as you can we're going to be busy after breakfast.
And you're right it does smell good."

        Sasami was pleased at the compliment, she hurriedly served them
breakfast. She said, "The others are still asleep, maybe you'll be able
to enjoy breakfast in peace this morning."

        Devon chuckled, "That's something I'm going to have to get used to."

        Yosho smiled a secret smile, the coming of Devon was just what
Tenchi
needed.



                                            Three weeks later;

        Devon was seated at the table, quietly eating his breakfast. He kept
one ear on the argument between Ryoko and Ayeka, in the three weeks he'd
been a member of the household the theme very seldom changed. Ryoko made
a pass at Tenchi and Ayeka got mad. Then Ryoko would make a snide
remark, and Ayeka would call up her logs. then the fight was on. One
thing Devon had learned, that his agility was tested by their battles.
The others would watch in amazement as he would twist and weave his body
to dodge the blasts the two girls would fire. Even as he would dodge and
twist, he never spilled a drop of food. Over the time he'd been there,
Devon had learned of some of the adventures that the gang had before his
arrival.

        Devon was sitting under a tree, later that day. he was mulling over
a
lot of things. he thought to himself, "Mental diary, entry 546; In my
three weeks here I have reached many conclusions about my new family.
First there is Yosho, he is very wise. But often times I think the
disguise he uses, is more to protect himself from hurt, then shield his
true form from his grandson and son-in-law. Next is Nobuyuki, a great
hearted man who uses his hentai behavior to hide his grief over the loss
of his wife Achika.

        Washu tries to hide her own demons behind a little girl facade, but
her
greatest pain is the fact that Ryoko still denies their kinship. Also
she hides behind the mad scientist routine. I believe that behind all of
that is a loving, caring woman. I'll explore that possibility at a later
date.

        Next is Misa, from what I've learned a future version of Sasami, who
in
her timeline was married to Tenchi and bore him a daughter, Riko, who is
cute as a bug's ear by the way. often times when she thinks no one is
looking, I see her gaze at Tenchi with sadness and longing. Somehow
there must be away for her to gain closure and find future happiness.

        Kiyone is beautiful and smart, she is a good cop. But I see a
vulnerable woman behind that tough facade. She is sometimes afraid to
address her more intimate feelings, but we're working on it. We've begun
dating and are moving slowly.

        Mihoshi is just what she is,  a lost child who is trying to find her
own path in the universe. She could try the patience of a saint, but
other than that she is a true innocent. And I think she has a deep crush
on Tenchi.

        Sasami is truly unique, someday she'll be infused with the goddess
Tsunami and truly be a wonder, but also she will be where she wants to
be and is meant to be at Tenchi's side. Sometimes I see her wanting to
lash out at Ayeka and Ryoko and put them in their places, but she keeps
the peace. And as the saying goes, All good things comes to those who
wait.

        Her sister Ayeka is every inch an arrogant princess, she believes
that
she has a right to marry Tenchi to secure the Juraian royal bloodline,
but if she doesn't love Tenchi or doesn't admit she loves him, it could
cost her much more than her pride.

        Ryoko, beautiful, wild and uninhibited. But somewhat immature, due
to
the fact that Kagato kept her emotions suppressed for so long. Also
seven hundred years of imprisonment didn't help her emotional growth. I
truly believe she loves Tenchi and has an emotional attachment to him,
but she can only show it aggressively and that causes problems.

        Then there's Tenchi, he's a good guy. A little old fashioned maybe,
but
nevertheless a good egg. He's tough, smart, and is learning what I teach
him quickly. But what gets me is that a guy who can take on creatures
like Kain, Kagato, and other galactic threats can be such a wuss when it
comes to women. Maybe, just maybe I can help him out in that area with a
little bit of advise.

        Perhaps what Tenchi needs are lessons on how to deal with the
opposite
sex, and maybe the best person to help me is the one person who knows
him best, Misa."

        Devon rose from under the tree and stretched, plopping his hat back
on
his head, he went off in search of Misa and put in motion a plan to give
Tenchi some much needed backbone to make a decision.

        To be continued