     After saying goodbye to his friends and taking his leave of the bus,
Tenchi began his walk back to the Masaki Shrine.  The journey, as always,
was a leisurely stroll over and through green hillsides and groves of cherry
trees, the leaves of which were already beginning to fall and blow about on
the wind like tiny silken gowns.  He smiled at the beauty that surrounded
him, wishing that things could always be so calm and serene.  Then he felt a
gentle pair of arms slip around his neck from behind, and he knew that such
things could not be, at least for the moment.
     "Tenchi!", exclaimed the owner of the pair of arms.  "I've missed you
so much today!  Did you miss me?"  Tenchi gulped and blushed redly, smiling
hesitantly as she slipped around him, looking at him seductively with eyes
the color of fossilized amber.  She grinned and pressed her body to his, her
lips nearly touching his own.
     "Ryoko, I really don't think that this is appropriate", he said, doing
his best to walk away.  Ryoko chuckled huskily and caressed his cheek with
the back of her hand.  "Oh, my poor Tenchi's redder than a beet!  Very well,
then.  We'll just have to play this game another time.  But Tenchi, that
isn't the only reason why I'm here."
     "It isn't?", he asked, sighing with relief.  "Well, what's on your mind
then?"
     Giggling, Ryoko began to pull a rolled-up paper from her belt and
handed it to Tenchi.  "Well...", she said, tracing a circle on his chest
with her fingertip, "to hear your dad tell it, it seems that you have a
Spring vacation coming up, and I thought that you might like to take a
little trip with me.  Do you remember when I asked you before?  You sounded
like you liked the idea."
     "I remember", he said, and smiled.  "I don't know if grandpa will let
me have the time off from my chores, though.  And what about the others?"
     "Tenchi, Tenchi, Tenchi", she tsked, leaning over to whisper into his
ear.  "Do try and have a little more faith in me, mm?  Trust me, it's all
taken care of.  Now why don't you have a look at my little paper?"
     Nodding, Tenchi unrolled the paper and scanned the contents.  "This
sounds great", he said.  "'Rest and relax at the four star Chapel
Hotel/Casino located in beautiful Alpha Centauri.  Discounts for couples and
newlyweds.'"
     "So do you want to go, Tenchi?", asked Ryoko, slipping her arm through
his.  "And we can even get a discount if we're married.  What do you say?"
     "M-married?", he sputtered, shrinking back.  Ryoko's eyes glittered
adoringly at him.
     "Of course married, you silly.  How about it, hmm?  Just you and me,
lover...".
     "uh, um...ah...gee, look at the time, would you?  Heh.  Gotta go!"  And
with that, Tenchi sped off through the trees to the shrine.  Ryoko put her
hands on her hips and called out after him.  "Tenchi!  We leave tonight,
okay?  All right?  Tenchi?"  But she had no idea of knowing if he had heard
her or not.  She grinned and chuckled, flying from the trail after him.
     "Oh, we're going to have so much fun, Tenchi", she said.  "So much fun
indeed."

***

     Reaching the shrine, Tenchi found his grandfather sweeping the grounds
, humming a tune while he concentrated.  "Ah, good afternoon, Tenchi", said
his grandfather, setting aside the broom.  "How was school?"
     "It was fine, grandpa", said Tenchi.  "But I guess I'd best start my
chores, huh?"
     "No need for that today, Tenchi", said his grandfather.  "It seems your
friend Ryoko did them all for you while you were away."
     Tenchi's jaw dropped.  "Ryoko..did..chores?", he gasped.  His
grandfather nodded.  "I'd not have believed it either if I hadn't seen it
with my own eyes.  She mentioned that the both of you had someplace to go
tonight, and that you'd need the help in order to be ready on time.  Quite a
girl she is, Tenchi.  You be good to her."
     "Oh.  Well, um..yeah.  Sure, grandpa."  Tenchi scratched his head in
confusion and went into the house, finding it conspicuously absent.  "Dad",
he called.  "Where's Ayeka and Sasami?  Is Washu here as well?"
     His father poked his head from out of the kitchen and waved.  "Ah,
hello son.  No, I'm afraid they're all off on business.  Ayeka and Sasami
had to return home for family matters, and Washu's in her lab.  She hasn't
been out all day."
     "I see", said Tenchi, setting his books down.  "Well, I guess you've
heard about the trip Ryoko wants to take with me."
     "Indeed I have, son.  Indeed I have."  His father grinned at him and
tossed him a small box.  "You just go and have yourself a great time, all
right?  Don't do anything I wouldn't do.  Hee hee."  Tenchi opened the box
and found it to be full of assorted fruit-flavored condoms.  "Dad!", yelled
Tenchi, "you know I won't be needing these!  Get your mind out of the
gutter!"
     His father chuckled.  "You're so lucky to have such a sweet young thing
to spend your nights with!  Make me proud, son!"  He then went back to the
kitchen, leaving Tenchi to shake his head as he walked up to his room.
     "I don't believe this," he said, opening the door to his room.
Stepping inside, he found all of his clothes and belongings in disarray,
save for two full suitcases on his bed.  Next to them was Ryoko, smiling
happily.
     "Are you ready to go, Tenchi?", she asked.  "I've already packed for us
and everything!"
     "So I see", he sighed, then reddened when he remembered what he had in
his hand.  "Well, I guess clean-up can wait.  I'm ready when you are."
     Ryoko smiled and walked toward him.  "Tenchi?", she asked slyly,
"what's that in your hand?"
     Tenchi screamed and held his hands tightly behind his back.  "Oh,
um..nothing!  Nothing at all.  Heh."  Ryoko cocked her head quizzically and
smirked.
     "Oh please, Tenchi.  You should know better than to try and hide
anything from a space pirate."  She chuckled and spun him around by the
shoulder, taking the box from him.  Tenchi blushed and dropped his head.
     Ryoko opened the box and took out the contents, letting them roll out
like an accordion to the floor.  Ryoko smirked and lifted Tenchi's chin with
a fingertip.
     "Oh now, Tenchi", she said, making a circle on his chest with her
finger, "I'm sure we'll have plenty of opportunity to use these.  Is that
what you want?  Hmm?"
     "Oh my God", he said softly, and covered his eyes.  Ryoko patted his
shoulder and smiled.
     "No need to be ashamed, Tenchi", she said, "only natural, after all.
Come on, then.  It's time to go."
