     "Well, we're finally here!", exclaimed Ryoko, hugging Tenchi around the
neck.  Sleep had rested them both and helped to smooth things over from the
night before, paving the way for the morning arrival, for which they were
both visibly anxious.  Tenchi smiled at Ryoko and looked out at the
revolving space resort before them, interlocked within the center of a
terraformed asteroid.  Thousands of lights were scattered across the
surface, giving the asteroid the glow of a miniature star.
     "It's beautiful", he said, looking at her intently.  "Have you ever
been here before, Ryoko?"
     Ryoko chuckled, though it was only half-hearted that he could hear, for
his attention was focused on her blushing.  "Well now, that's kind of a
personal question, Tenchi.  But no, I can't say I have.  I never really had
anyone I cared for enough to take.."  Awkwardly, she coughed and moved over
to the controls.  "Anyway, it wil only take a minute to give our passcodes
and dock.  We'll be here for a couple of days, so we'll need the holiday
accomodations.  Sound good to you?"
     "It's in your hands, Ryoko", said Tenchi with a smile.  She returned
his smile and nodded, then tapped in the passcodes for docking procedures
and entered the asteroid's bay.  Once there, they exited and waited for
Ryo-Ohki to return to her normal size.  She meowed and perched on Ryoko's
shoulder, looking about curiously.  Together, they took their suitcases and
followed their escort inside to the main desk.
     The hotel itself was a vast, cathedral-like building with elegant,
gold-etched marble columns and friezes that arched towards the ceiling.
Open at the pinnacle, the ceiling was itself vast and awe-inspiring,
affording a perfect view of the local constellations and passing luxury
ships that orbited the asteroid.  Tenchi and Ryoko both were amazed at the
beauty of it all, and eyed each other occasionally as if to try and see if
their opinions were one and the same on the matter.  Finally, they reached
the desk and rang the bell for assistance.  A tall, elegant woman with green
skin and an ovaled, hairless head came up to them and smiled, loking over
their tickets and paperwork.  Ryoko slipped her arm through Tenchi's and
grinned at him, her eyes shining happily.
     "So, the two of you are here for the weekend, hmm?", asked the woman,
arching her brow.  "You know, we have a cancellation on our honeymoon suite,
and I could let you have it if you two were married.  You'd get a
considerable discount, too."  Ryoko squealed and squeezed his arm tighter,
laying her head on his shoulder.  "Tenchi my darling, what do you say?", she
asked, staring into his eyes.  "Would you like to be my husband?  Please say
yes, Tenchi?  For me?"
     Tenchi gulped and blushed.  "Husband?  R..Ryoko, I..I'm only seventeen
years old!  I'm in high school!  I can't get married yet!"
     Ryoko stroked his jawline and whispered into his ear.  "My Tenchi,
it'll only be for the weekend if you want.  We can expire it after 48 hours
if you like.  Come on, Tenchi!  Besides, there's a lot a seven hundred
year-old space pirate can teach a young man like you.  Give me a chance,
hmm?"  She cupped his cheek with her palm, her eyes flickering with
mischief.  Tenchi reddened with embarrassment, but managed a smile all the
same.
     "Well...if it's only for 48 hours", he said finally.  Ryoko laughed
happily and picked him up, swinging him around with her considerable
strength.  Tenchi cried out in shock, struggling in vain to be released.
"Ryoko!", he gasped, the air in his lungs being squeezed out of him.  Ryoko
blushed and set him back down, scratching her head and smiling.
     "Oops!  Sorry about that, Tenchi", she said.  "I'm just so happy!
We're getting married at last!"  She giggled and slipped her arm around him.
  "I'll be such a good wife to you, Tenchi.  Just you wait."  Tenchi grinned
weakly at her words.
      "Well, all right then," said the woman.  "There's a chapel down the
hall when you're ready.  Just bring the license back when you're through,
and I'll give you the keys to your room."  She stamped their passbooks and
handed them back.  "Have fun, you two."  A bellboy came up then and took
their bags, entering a lift to their suite.  Ryoko led Tenchi down the
hallway towards the chapel, running a finger along his cheek.
     "So, are you ready to be tied down for the weekend, Tenchi?", she
asked.  "Hmm..tied down.  Have to remember that."  She laughed at her idea,
making Tenchi gulp nervously once again.
     "Just as long as it's for the weekend", he said.  "You know I'm far too
young for this kind of commitment.  My God, I can't even believe I'm doing
this.."
     "I can", she said.  "You've fallen under my spell, Tenchi.  Hee hee
hee."  With that, she blew him a kiss and went into the bride's side of the
chapel.  Respectively, Tenchi was escorted into the groom's side, where he
was fitted with an elegant black marriage kimono.  He stared at himself in
the mirror, mixed emotions playing across the innocent planes of his face.
     "What am I getting myself into?", he said, and sighed softly.