Adam Clark (desert_father@hotmail.com)
Tenchi Muyo:  Fly To The Angels - Chap.7
Lemon
The missing page from Chap.6.  Blame my librarian.  ;)

     "Dear God", he gasped, after she rose up from under the water after
giving him her mouth again.  "Are you sure you've never done this before?"
     "Why, do I really feel that good?", she asked, slipping her arms around
him and kissing him.  "No, Tenchi, this is my first time, too.  I just read
your father's books, is all."  She laughed and slipped around him, massaging
his back.  "I've played this little scene through my head hundreds of times
since I started living with you, love.  I have to admit, though, that the
real thing is far better than my imagination could ever be."
     Tenchi closed his eyes at the feel of her strong fingers working his
back.  Indeed, reality was so much better than anything he had imagined with
her, either.  She kissed along his shoulders and neck, then laid her cheek
against his back.  She sighed softly and smiled, slipping her arms around
his chest.
     "Tenchi?  Would you mind rubbing my back?  Hmm, my husband?"  Tenchi
nodded and slipped around her, working her back just as deeply as she had
done his own.  Ryoko groaned and laid her head back, staring into his eyes.
     "God, I love you", she said.  "I wish we could do this forever."
     "Me too", he said sincerely.  She leaned forward and let him work down
her back with sure, strong fingers, closing her eyes from the pleasure of
it.  He leaned forward, covering her shoulderblades with soft kisses that
made her sigh and shiver.  Rising up, she turned around and straddled him,
pushing at his shoulders until he was pressed up against the hot tub.  She
grinned wickedly.
     "You know, Tenchi", she said, slipping up close to him, " I was just
curious about something you said when we were flying here.  You remember..in
the shower?  About being ready?"  Tenchi felt his pulse quicken at her
words, yet managed to nod in answer to her question.  Ryoko slipped her arms
around his neck and stared intently into his eyes.
     "Well, are you ready, Tenchi?", she asked.  "Are you ready to go all
the way?"
     Tenchi gulped in slight embarrassment.  "Wel..yeah", he said, eyeing
the swell of her breasts which she was pushing ever closer to his face.
"More than ever, Ryoko."
     She grinned, and lifted him out of the water.  Then, she teleported and
reappeared in his arms, lying like a bride about to be carried over the
threshold.
     "Take me to bed then, Tenchi", she said.  She snuggled against his
chest and kissed the hollow of his neck, which fired his passions anew.  "I
want you to make love to me, darling...I want you to make me your wife for
real."