Adam Clark (desert_father@hotmail.com)
Tenchi Muyo:  Fly To The Angels - Chap.8:  "The Consummation, Part II"
Lemon
Their Wedding Night Continues...

     He laid her gently on the bed, watching her stretch sensuously, her
eyes travelling over his body just as his took in the beauty of hers.
Still, he was nervous, and sat beside her with his legs tucked up under him,
holding her hand in his and gently massaging her fingers.  She smiled at him
and brought his hand over to her lips, where she kissed it gently.
     "If it helps you any, Tenchi", she said softly, "I'm really kind of
nervous, too."
     "Yeah", he said timidly.  "I am at that.  I hope I do okay."
     "Tenchi", she said, care and concern evident in her tone, "don't worry
about a thing.  Please, now...lie beside me.  I'm so cold, Tenchi...I need
you to warm me."
     Smiling, he did so, wrapping his arms arund her and kissing her softly.
  She sighed and rolled over, rubbing her leg against the hardness of him,
which made him groan.  Soon, she was lying above him, covering his chest
with teasing little kisses and working her hot wetness against his throbbing
shaft.  She threw her head back and moaned, laughing softly.  Tenchi gasped
at the sensation and ran his hands up her chest, circling her nipples and
tracing the hard lines of her stomach.
     "Oh, Tenchi", she gasped, looking down at him with a deep intensity in
her eyes.  "Tenchi, I want you inside of me.  Please..mm..take me now, my
love.  Please.."
     She grabbed him around the waist and rolled with him on the bed until
he was above her, surprising him greatly with her speed and strength.  She
opened her legs and wrapped them around him tightly, crying out when she
felt the hard heat of his manhood pressing to her delicate entrance.  He
moaned deeply at the sensation, but seemed at a loss as to what to do.
Ryoko leaned up and kissed his chin.
     "Tenchi, mm", she said, pushing at him below.  "Open me, Tenchi.  I
need you."
     His hands slipped down between her legs, making her shiver.  Nervously,
he laid his thumbs over her outer lips and spread them apart, revealing the
hot, pink depths of her.  Her breathing grew labored at the contact, and she
reached around and helped him position himself at the right spot.  The wet
heat of her made him cry out sharply, and he felt her squeeze her legs
around him tighter and start to buck savagely.
     "Now, Tenchi", she said, gasping quickly.  "Take me.  Oh God, take me
now."
     Slowly, he began to push himslef into her, feeling the hard head pass
through her hot passage, only to meet a ring of tough, obstructing skin.
Ryoko cried out loudly and clawed at his back, pushing up hard against him
to stretch the barrier that denied him entrance.  "Oh, Tenchi!", she moaned,
laying her head back.  "Do it.  Push into me now."
     Tenchi cried out at how tight and wet she was, but didn't want to cause
her pain.  "Ryoko..I..ah..I don't want to hurt you.  I..oh..God..Ryoko."
     "That..ah..can't be helped, Tenchi", she said, caressing his cheek.
Sweat had broken out on her brow and was dampening her hair.  "Please..take
me.  I give myself to you..all to you."
     They held each other tight, then, they pushed their bodies together
until they felt the ring starting to give.  They cried out together, Ryoko
especially, until finally, with a hard, deep thrust, she felt him breaking
through her and passing all the way up into her hot, aching body.  She
screamed and bit his shoulder when he penetrated, blood rising from the
wound to flow lazily down his back.  He cried out sharply and laid upon her,
panting raggedly along with her.  They looked at each other and kissed
softly, Tenchi's hand brushing her hair back tenderly.
     "Are..are you okay?", he managed.  "Did I hurt you?"
     Ryoko winced slightly, reaching between her legs and bringing up
fingers that were wet with blood.  She looked at him gently and kissed his
lips, shaking her head.  "No, not at all, Tenchi", she said, though he could
see the pain in her beautiful eyes.  She gasped when she saw the blood on
his shoulder.  "Oh Tenchi, I'm so sorry", she said, holding her head.  "I
guess I just lost control."
     "That makes two of us", he said, kissing her cheek.  "Wait here."  He
rose and went into the bathroom, coming back with a wet washcloth.  He made
her lie down and gently washed the blood from between her legs and her hand,
all the while Ryoko watched him with silent disbelief in her eyes.
     "There", he said, "all taken care of.  I am sorry, Ryoko..I..".  Ryoko
took the washcloth from him and kissed him silent, smiling lovingly into his
eyes.  She washed the blood from his shoulder and kissed the wound
afterwards, hugging him tight.
     "Tenchi, I love you", she said.  "But we're not finished yet.  Please?"
     "Are..are you sure?", he asked.  "You were bleeding.."
     "I heal fast", she said, and pulled him down on the bed.  "Besides,
this is our wedding night.  I intend to have you, Tenchi...I want you
forever."  She sealed her lips to his then, opening herself below and
slipping down over his hard, aching shaft.  They cried out together as she
worked him, her hot juices flowing over him and easing him ever deeper into
her hungry, willing body.  They kissed over and over, their arms locked
around one another as they rolled over the bed, the force of their passions
making the candleflames flicker as if they would soon go out.
     "Ohh..Tenchi", she moaned, speeding up over him, tightening herself
around his shaft.  "Oh God, you feel so good..mm..ooh, Tenchi..Tenchi!"
     "Ryoko", he groaned back, blown away by her lack of inhibition.  "Oh,
Ryoko..oh please..please don't stop..ah..yes..mm."
     Ryoko got down on her hands and knees as she worked him, leaning her
head back and slowly lying back until she sat floating on his quietly
thrusting shaft.  She clutched her breasts tightly and gasped, loving the
way it felt in her, the way it rubbed along the sensitive bud of flesh above
her tightly stretched opening.  Her breathing grew more labored, more
ragged, and she felt a warm tingle growing in her lower body as she rode
him.
     "Oh Tenchi", she cried out sharply, riding him faster.  "I can feel
it..oh God, I'm coming..Tenchi..Tenchi..Ooh!"  And with that, she felt
herself exploding with a warm, inner fire as she came, washing him with a
hot flow of her juices.  This in turn spurred him on, and he took her and
laid her down on the bed, riding her hard and high.  She cried out sharply
at each thrust, holding him tightly in her as she gasped uncontrollably.
     "Oh Ryoko", he cried, speeding up faster.  "Oh God, I'm going to
explode..oh..God!"
     "Do it", she gasped, kissing him hard.  "Come in me, Tenchi.  Fill me
up..Oh!"
     Then, with a loud cry, Tenchi felt himself shooting out hot and hard
into her body, each jet of fluid rocketing through her frame with an
overwhelming sensation of ecstasy.  Ryoko cried out loudly as she felt it
enter her, the hot fluids shooting up into her body with a powerful, pulsing
force.  They held each other tight and kissed deeply, their eyes locked
together as they tenderly touched one another.
     "I love you, Tenchi", she said.  "I always knew that it would be
wonderful with you.  You make me feel alive."
     "I love you too, Ryoko", he said, brushing her hair back tenderly and
kissing her forehead.  "I'm glad that you were my first.  It felt right with
you."
     They held each other tightly then, and talked of their feelings for one
another.  They laughed at funny memories they remembered on earth, and told
one another secrets they had never shared before.  They held hands, and
cuddled one another, and made love several more times before they drifted
off to sleep together.
     It would be easy to tell what they each dreamed about as they slept
soundly, comforted by the warmth of each other's presence.  And it would be
certain to find joy in their hearts, and relief, and the satisfaction of
long-held dreams realized, and made tangible, to share with one another
forever.