Adam Clark (desert_father@hotmail.com)
Tenchi Muyo:  Fly To The Angels -Chap.10- "Epilogue"
Lemon
The final chapter...and an unexpected surprise.

     They arrived early the next morning, and were met by Tenchi's father,
grandfather, and Professor Washu, who was rather perturbed that Ryoko had
done what she did with the messaging board.  They had breakfast and told
them about their vacation, leaving out the wedding, certain private details,
and the robbery.  Beneath the table, Tenchi felt Ryoko's hand slipping
around his inner thigh, and he reddened.  His father seemed rather proud of
him, giving him conspiratorial winks over his tea, and grandfather laughed
when Washu suggested the two of them had planned the whole vacation to
elope.  Tenchi, however, did not laugh, and kept on blushing.
     Ayeka and Sasami returned the next day, and, as could be expected, were
both quite upset about the false message.  Ayeka fumed and steamed at Ryoko,
letting her know that it had been traced back to her, and that she would
never forgive her for the embarrassment she suffered before the high council
of Jurai.  Ryoko laughed and said something predictably snide, which
culminated in a battle between the two outside the shrine.  If not for
Sasami's quick thinking and a powerful shield generated by the guardians
Azaka and Kamadake, the entire household might have been destroyed.  But, as
it luckily turned out, it was not, and both Ayeka and Ryoko returned to
their previous level of grudging tolerance for one another.
     Mihoshi and Kiyone stopped over that night for a visit, both curious
about the goings on there, as they had both been working non-stop in yet
another part-time job, this time at a laundromat.  They all had dinner and
drinks together, then brought out the karaoke machine and belted out slurred
standards to one another until way early in the morning.  Tenchi had to
retire early of course, as he had school the next day.  This was rather
unfortunate, for he missed Ryoko and Ayeka's drunken duet of Elton John's "I
Guess That's Why They Call It The Blues"(both of them hated themselves the
next day).
     Two months went by, and everything settled back into the normal chaos
of a typical day at the Masaki household.  As he rode back from school,
Tenchi thought back on the previous two months and smiled rather wistfully
to himself.  His feelings for Ryoko had not wavered, even though quiet time
together had to be conducted secretly and planned with all the care of an
air strike.  Still, what time they did spend together was wonderful, and
tender, and given further fuel to burn with every fleeting glance or smile
they gave one another.
     He loved Ayeka and the others dearly, but he knew that the time for
decision was upon him.  He held a small package tightly in his hand, and
smiled.  "Time to be brave", he thought to himself.  "Time to let her know
exactly how I feel, and how I always will."
***
     He found Ryoko napping high upon the gate to the shrine, her arm
dangling and gently swaying in the breeze.  "Ryoko?", he called up to her.
"Hey, Ryoko!  Come down for a minute!"  Ryoko opened her eyes sleepily and
yawned, sitting up to rub the sleep out of her eyes.  She teleported down to
him and stretched, smiling happily to see him.
     "Mmm...hello, Tenchi", she said, coming towards him and kissing him on
the lips.  "School okay?  Any mooning young schoolgirls after you that I
should know about?"  Tenchi grinned and shook his head, handing her the
package he had with him.  She looked at it blankly, then at him, a smile
growing on her face.  "Oh, you sweetheart", she said, touching his cheek.
"You remembered my birthday, didn't you?  If this even is my birthday.."
     "Close", said Tenchi, taking her hand.  "It's our anniversary date.
Two months since our vacation, remember?"  Ryoko blushed and hugged him
tightly at that.  "Of course I remember", she said, kissing his neck softly.
  "How could I forget the weekend that changed our lives?"
     Tenchi smiled and led her up and out to the lookout above the shrine.
They sat and held one another, cherry blossoms blowing past them on the
gentle breeze.
     "I love you, Ryoko", said Tenchi at last.  Ryoko smiled and kissed him
softly.
     "I love you too, Tenchi", she said.  "I always will."  Tenchi kissed
her head and laid the package on her lap, beckoning her to open it.  She did
at last, a happy smile on her face as she undid the bow and tore open the
paper.  The smile faded when she revealed the gift, which was the blue
folder from the chapel.
     "Our marriage license", she said hesitantly.  "I wondered what had
happened to it."
     "I kept it with me", he said, looking out over the valley.  "I never
knew exactly what you had planned for our vacation, Ryoko, but when I found
out, I thought that I was getting myself into a lot of trouble."  Ryoko
turned the folder over in her hands, listening to him in silence.  "At
first, I thought that it would be easy to go back to being single after it
expired, then...after all we hared together, I knew that would be
impossible.  Then, you handed me the license, and the decision came to me
easily.  I knew what I had to do."
     Ryoko nodded, looking at the folder, then at him.  She fired up a ball
of energy.
     "Then I guess we'd best dispose of the evidence", she said tearily.
"We wouldn't want Ayeka to find out about this, would we?"  She prepared to
incinerate the folder, then was stopped by Tenchi's hand.  The energy
dissipated and was gone.
     "Look at it, Ryoko", he said tenderly.  "Please.  Do it for me."
     She swallowed back her tears and nodded, opening the folder to the
picture of them in their finery.  Below the picture were two pressed blue
buttons, glowing with a soft intensity.  But her eyes widened when she saw
the words "Renewed" below them, then a date, set to expire at the end of
their natural lives.  Ryoko broke out in fresh tears and closed the book,
giving Tenchi a crushing yet loving hug.
     "Oh, Tenchi", she cried, covering him with kisses.  "I love you so
much!  I'm so happy..I..I can't believe it!  We're still married..you still
want to be my husband!"
     Tenchi smiled and held her tightly, kissing her back.  "I just realized
what I should have known when we first met, my love.  You're the one for me.
  And seventeen or no, I want you to be my wife forever."
     Ryoko held him tight and kissed him hard, lowering him to the soft
grass.  She ran a finger down his chest and kissed it lovingly, the looked
into his eyes.
     "I want that, too", she said, wiping her eyes.  "And as for the other,
well..better late than never.  And speaking of late.."  She blushed and
rolled off him, taking his hand.
     "Ill tell Ayeka and the others when I get back", he said.  "It's high
time that they all knew the truth, anyway.  We've been far too secretive as
it it."
     Ryoko turned to Tenchi and touched his face, playing with his dark
hair.
     "Well..", she said, "it's definitely for the best, even though they'll
all know in about nine months, anyway."  Tenchi's eyes widened, and he
gulped.
     "P..pardon?", he stammered.  Ryoko giggled and blushed, kissing his
cheek.
     "Yes, Tenchi", she said softly into his ear.  "I'm pregnant."
     Tenchi gulped and stared at her, flushly redly in shock.  "Are..are you
sure?"
     "Definitely", she said, snuggling up to him.  "I've missed twice.  Hee
hee."
     Tenchi looked up into the sky, feeling the weight of her words settle
upon him.  He looked over at her beside him, seeing the contentment and the
love in her eyes, and felt it in him also.  He reached over and laid his
hand on her stomach, gently rubbing her there as he looked at her.  She put
her hand over his and smiled, the other hand slipping through his hair
gently.
     "So what do you say, daddy?", she asked.  "Feel like raising a family
with the most wanted criminal in the universe?"
     Tenchi smiled and got closer to her.  "Absolutely", he said.  "And
wanted by no one more than me, my love."
     Their lips met then, and their arms joined around one another.  And
whether their story ends or begins there, it can be said for certain that
they spent it as one, lost in the love they had found forever.
