     "Ryoko", said Tenchi, "I've never done this before. I..."
     "Shh", she answered, laying a cool finger on his lips.  "Neither have
I, Tenchi.  We'll learn together, all right?  Relax."  They had moved into
the sauna, where candles had been lit and arrayed around the area, providing
the only illumination.  Ryoko moved toward Tenchi, running her hands down
his chest.  Tenchi shivered and moved his own hands down her back slowly,
resting them on her hips.  Ryoko monaed slightly and rubbed her cheek
against his, gently nibbling on his earlobe.  Tenchi closed his eyes and
breathed in deeply.
     "Tenchi", she whispered hotly into his ear.  "Undress me."
     He shivered at her words, feeling nervousness fill him at the prospect.
  Ryoko smiled and took his hand, gently nipping at his forefinger with her
teeth.  "Here", she said, and helped him slide her shoulder free of fabric.
Her skin was so smooth and pale that he could not help touching it,
marvelling at how silky it felt to the touch.  She caressed his cheek and
kissed the corner of his mouth tenderly, sliding her fingers around his neck
and running her nails through the delicate hairs that grew there.
     "Mm, that feels so good, Tenchi", she moaned, taking his hands and
resting them on her breasts.  he gasped at her boldness, but felt it
affecting him as well, for his fingers began to slip into the folds of her
dress and part the fabric away from her body, until her breasts were bared
to him.  He circled her nipple instinctively with his thumbs, running them
around the tips until they were as hard as nailpoints to the touch.
     Ryoko gasped, grabbing Tenchi around the bottom and kissing him hard
and deeply.  Tenchi groaned into her mouth, flicking and teasing his tongue
to hers.  She reached down and slipped her sash off from around her waist,
whcih made her dress cascade off her body to the floor.  Tenchi began to
grow almost painfully erect at the sight of her bare flesh, and slide his
hands along her sides and over her bottom.  Ryoko stared into his eyes, her
chest heaving, and took his hand in hers.  She then slid it between her
legs, crying out at the sensation of it pressing to her most sensitive area.
  Tenchi moaned, unbelieving that anything could be so soft, so hot, and so
very wet as this part of her body.
     "Oh Tenchi, Tenchi..", she gasped, helping him with her hand, showing
him how to touch her.  His fingers sped up as she grew wetter at his
motions, and they began to slide up into her folds and over a hard,
sensitive little nub of flesh that made her cry out loudly when it was
caressed.  He kissed her hard and continued the motions, feeling her hips
roll above his hand and work in tandem with his fingers.
     "Tenchi, oh..Tenchi..mm", she groaned, slipping her fingers through his
hair and kissing him deeply.  he continued the motions until she drew his
hand up and away, holding it to her mouth and sucking the wetness from his
fingers.  Her tongue teased and flicked around them, her eyes locked to his.
  Then, she drew them out of her mouth slowly, panting raggedly and licking
her lips.
     "Now you, Tenchi", she managed.  She pressed herself to him and began
sliding her hands up his chest, drawing his shirt up and over his head.
Tenchi's breath quickened as she kissed along his neck and down his chest,
sucking on his nipples and giving them the most delicate of bites with her
teeth.  She kissed along his stomach and flicked inside of his navel with
her tongue, then stood back up and slid her hand down the front of his
pants.
     "Oh my God..Ryoko..", he gasped, feeling her fingers tracing the length
of his erection.  She kissed him tenderly as she caressed him, then began to
unbutton him and slide his zipper slowly down.  He shook as she drew his
pants down and off his legs, dropping them next to her dress on the floor.
Then, with a wink, she took the hem of his underwear between her teeth and
drew them off and down as well.
     "Ryoko..ah..", he groaned, feeling his knees weaken as she stroked him
with her fingers, kissing the head gently and sliding her lips along the
shaft.  She then licked along the bottom of it and swirled around the head,
wetting it with her tongue.  Then, she opened her mouth and began easing it
inside, moving it gradually deeper and deeper into her mouth.  Tenchi cried
out loudly and slipped his fingers into her soft, silver hair, gritting his
teeth in ecstasy.  She began to suck at him then, flicking at the tip until
she pulled away, then stood and kissed him full on the mouth.
     "Mmm", she said, drawing back from the kiss, her breasts pressed
tightly to his chest.  "You taste so good, Tenchi.  I want more."
     "You..can have it", he managed, making her chuckle softly.  He felt her
slipping her hand between her legs and bringing a finger back up to him,
coated with her juices.  "Here", she said, and drew it along his lower lip.
He licked it off slowly, finding it faintly sweet and salty, then took her
hand and sucked her fingers clean.  Ryoko closed her eyes and drew in a deep
breath, revelling in the hot wetness of his mouth.  "Oh, tenchi", she said,
her voice shaking.  "Do I taste good too?"
     "Better than anything", she said, smiling.  She smiled back and took
his ahnd, slipping into the sauna with him.  The water was hot and bubbly,
and served as a perfect aid to relax their bodies for what they both knew
was to come.  They continued kissing deeply, and their hands explored one
another desparately as the water bubbled hot and tenderly over their skins.
     ***
     "Dear God", he gasped, after she rose up from under the water after
giving him her mouth again.  "Are you sure you've never done this before?"
     "Why, do I really feel that good?", she asked, slipping her arms around
him and kissing him.  "No, Tenchi.  This is my first time, too.  I just read
your father's books, is all."  She laughed
