Created by: Zanakin 
E-mail: ZanakinAk@aol.com
Proofreading: The_3d_man@hotmail.com 


      Disclaimer: All characters are property of AIC and Pioneer 
LDC. This fan fic in no way represents the views of the creators. 
This is merely my over active imagination doing its thing.  Please 
don't sue me! There isn't much point, I'm broke.    

      WARNING ADULT CONTENT NO ONE UNDER 18 SHOULD READ 
THIS!!!!!!! (BUT IF I WERE A HORNY TEENAGER I WOULDN'T CARE)AND IF 
YOUR YOUNGER YOU PROBABLY JUST DON'T UNDERSTAND WHAT THE HELL THIS 
MEANS ANYWAY!!!! 

 



Episode I: Forever Isn't Long Enough......... 

      
      It was another relentlessly boring Wednesday at the Masaki 
residence. 
Tenchi had been on summer vacation for about two weeks now. He 
moaned while rubbing his head having just finished surviving sword 
practice, Tenchi wished that his grandfather's lessons didn't have 
to be quite so painful. He trudged his way down the winding stone 
stairs that led to his welcoming home, there he could bathe and 
relax. In his tired daze he failed to notice the shadow slowly 
gliding towards him. Then a sultry voice whispered in his ear 
"Tenchi...You look like you could use a nice relaxing bath" 

	"Uh-hu" he sighed involuntarily unable to realize what was 
about to happen 
until it was too late. Suddenly he was fully awake as he plunged 
into the steaming water of the onsen. Gasping for air and reaching 
for something to steady himself. Tenchi grabbed for whatever he 
could. Finally grasping something he held on for dear life. As 
Tenchi began to calm down he slowly felt that which he held in his 
hand, it was soft and warm and for the most part round. He began 
to hear Ryoko moan "ohhh Tenchi don't stop there" 

	He opened his eyes to confirm his suspicions and there he 
stood holding 
Ryoko's left breast in his hand. She wickedly smiled at him as she 
began to 
guide his hand lower. Tenchi quickly withdrew his hand and made a 
mad dash for 
the door only to be grabbed at the ankle, slowly being dragged 
back towards the 
water. "Don't go Tenchi we've just begun" cooed Ryoko.

	"Ryoko" Tenchi began as he turned to face his assailant with 
an annoyed 
look on his face. Though, he lost all words as he gazed upon the 
cyan haired 
goddess in all her glory. Quickly he turned away again as an 
avalanche of 
hormones swept across his lower sections. Ryoko noticing his 
reaction to her 
nakedness began to rub herself along his backside and reaching 
towards his now very stiff member.

	Meanwhile at the house............Aeka and Sasami had just 
finished the 
daily chores without the help of Ryoko as usual. "Sometimes I 
wonder what that 
creature is good for!!!" fumed Aeka.
     
	"Don't be too mad at Ryoko, Aeka" replied Sasami.
 	
"Yes, but everyday we have to do her chores!! While she just lies 
around 
moaning for Tenchi" retorted Aeka sounding a bit annoyed.
	 
      "She probably just went to see him after his practice, you 
know how 
anxious she gets when he is not around" said Sasami trying to 
quickly calm her 
sister's rising anger for the space pirate. 

	"Just once I like to see her get hers and see how she likes 
it" ranted 
Aeka, as she envisioned Tenchi proclaiming his love for her bent 
on one knee 
asking the very words that would shatter Ryoko's very world. All 
the while the 
pirate sat silently watching her beloved Tenchi give his heart to 
another.

	"Aeka will you let me love you forever?"

      "Yes"

      "Will you marry me?"
 
	"Yes"
	
      "Are you OK Aeka?" asked her puzzled younger sibling who sat 
patiently 
gazing at her sister stare off into space with a devilish look on 
her face.  

	"Yes, I'm fine Sasami I was just thinking that's all" 
realizing the 
uncharasticaly goofy looking face she was making, as a bead of 
sweat formed
across her forehead. 

      "Well what do we have here?" asked a familiar voice 

	"Oh hello Washu" casually greeted the eldest princess

      "AHEM" murmured the scientist
       
	Remembering Washu's pickiness about being addressed she 
corrected 
herself trying not to sound sarcastic "Pardon me, MISS WASHU 
GREATEST GENIUS IN 
THE UNIVERSE"

      "Don't forget the CUTEST!!!" exclaimed Washu in a childish 
voice                                                           
	
      "Here your breakfast Miss Washu I saved it for you" happily 
added Sasami
The scientist nodded in approval. "Should I save your lunch too?" 
asked Sasami 
as she stared hopefully into the geniuses eyes. 

      Seeing this the scientist decided to appease the child "No 
Sasami I think 
I'll make it to lunch today, by the way where is Ryoko? I need to 
talk to her 
about something?" asked Washu

      "I don't know she said something about going to see Tenchi 
then take a 
bath but that was it." replied Sasami.

      Aeka paused for a moment then thought "SHE WOULDN'T" and 
took off towards 
the onsen door like a speeding bullet "SHE BETTER NOT!!!!"
     
      Upon rounding the hallway corner she was flying like a bat 
out of hell and nearly ripping the door of it's hinges. She opened 
the onsen dimensional door and gazed as her darkest fears were 
unfolding right in front of her eyes
there in the middle of the bath stood Ryoko ,naked and holding a 
struggling 
Tenchi as she tried to remove his soaking wet clothes. Laughing at 
his futile 
attempts of escape she tried to coax him into enjoying the moment. 
"Tenchi 
settle down I'm  not going to bite unless you want me to. Just 
relax it could be 
very fun if just let me show you." laughed Ryoko.

	"DON'T YOU DARE TOUCH HIM YOU MONSTER!!!" screamed Aeka "IF 
YOU HAVE HURT 
HIM RYOKO I'LL. . .I'LL"

      "You'll what?" chided the pirate still holding the hapless 
youth.

      Aeka made no response due to the fact that she hadn't 
thought that far 
ahead, instead she gave a icy glare that could freeze a volcano. 

      "That's what I thought nothing. Now if you don't mind me and 
Tenchi are 
sharing an intimate moment" snapped Ryoko.
 
      "You got some nerve!! What makes you think he would want to 
be close to a 
 	loathsome whore!" Aeka snapped back. "AND FURTHER MORE DO YOU 
EVER CONSIDER TENCHI'S EMBARASSMENT OF BEING SEEN WITH SUCH A VILE 
THING AS YOU!!!" screamed Aeka. 

      Aeka was unable to see the hurt expression that loomed on 
Ryoko's solemn 
face she quickly covered it up by calling the princess an uptight 
priss then 
exclaiming that the mood had been ruined. She apologized to 
Tenchi, but 
whispered that they would resume where they had left off. Noting 
the hurt look 
in her eyes Tenchi tried to reach for her and comfort the pirate 
even despite 
the last few minutes. Though she had already disappeared. He knew 
Aeka crossed the line this time. 

	Aeka realizing that Tenchi was half naked she turned her head 
while blushing a deep red. Tenchi trying to regain his composure 
collected the tattered rags that were his clothes and made his way 
towards the bathe house door trying to keep his front covered. 
Though unknown to him Ryoko had ripped the back end of his pants. 
Aeka let a squeal of excitement out as she noticed his rear 
showing. Tenchi turned to find his butt in plain sight of the 
princess. Aeka now blushed a dark shade of crimson. Tenchi faced 
the opposite direction and slowly backed his way out. Aeka finally 
looked up after Tenchi left only hear Sasami scream.

	"EEEEEKKKKKK!!!!" screamed Sasami as she saw Tenchi's rear 
end.

	"Nice Ass Tenchi" calmly mentioned Washu as she took a long 
hard gaze at 
his posterior. 

	Tenchi at this point was embarrassed beyond belief. First he 
had been 
abducted by Ryoko then nearly drowned as she tried to seduce him. 
.  AGAIN! Then 
Miss Aeka had to see him basically naked not to mention what is 
happening right 
now. Tenchi stopped trying to be discreet and just ran like hell 
to his room. 
Dropping the tattered remnants that covered himself. Hearing a few 
suggestive 
comments coming from Washu.

      A few minutes earlier. . . .

      Ryoko had teleported away to the only place that she felt at 
peace at the 
Masaki residence, Tenchi's Room there she felt at peace like this 
is were she 
was supposed to belong. His scent filled the room with an aroma 
that would 
blanket her from harm and pain. She loved it here. Although there 
was always 
something missing......... or rather who. . . Tenchi. 

      "Why would he reject me? Haven't I shown him how I feel? I 
offered him
everything I have. I shown him that I'm willing to be intimate 
with him numbers 
of times, still nothing!! I can't be more blunt. What more can I 
do? Maybe......Maybe he's already in love with Aeka? NO!!!!! That 
can't be it can it?" Thought Ryoko as tears began to well up in 
her eyes. 

      Ryoko tried to hold her tears in as she contemplated the 
fact that Tenchi 
may be already in love with Aeka. The very chance that he might 
made her feel 
like leaving the princess out in the deep ominous vacuum of space. 
But then Tenchi would never even look at her again. Only seeing 
her as the murderous creature that Aeka depicted her to be. No!!! 
losing Tenchi forever wasn't even minutely  worth the momentary 
satisfaction of being rid of the princess. To feel the rejection 
from the one she loves would be a greater torture than being 
locked back in that god forsaken cave for eternity. Noticing the 
fact that she was still naked and soaking wet and there was no way 
she was going back to the onsen with Aeka furious with her, she 
started looking for one of Tenchi's T-shirt to wear. Satisfied 
with finding one that he hardly wore she put it on. "Not a bad 
fit" she thought to herself. 

      Then hearing a scream coming from downstairs and the sound 
of rapid heavy 
footsteps coming towards the door at an alarming rate she quickly 
hid herself in 
the closet. For Tenchi to see her now especially in the mood he's 
probably be in 
he would probably just scold her. Trying to keep herself quite 
while she sat 
shivering on the cold wood floor with only a thin layer of cotton 
for warmth.

      "WHEW!!!" sighed an exasperated Tenchi "I can't believe that 
just happened 
to me." As he laid his weary body down to rest for a moment.

      He began to think to himself "This has got to be the most 
embarrassing day in your life like one of those dreams were you 
find yourself in your underwear at school. NO! this is worse this 
time you were naked. Well for the most part." as Tenchi looked 
down at what's left of his clothes and decided to change. 

      Ryoko prayed for him not to open the closet door and see 
her. She crouched 
down as far as she could and closed her eyes cringing in fear 
thinking that in 
some way it might mask her from his eyes.

      Tenchi opened the closet door reaching for a shirt, not 
finding one there 
he started to search for his missing shirt. Then spying the cause 
for his 
shirt's disappearance there sat Ryoko wearing the very thing he 
was looking for. 
He was about to scold her when he noticed her shivering still wet 
from their 
encounter in the onsen.

      He sighed saying "Come on let's get you dry" giving her an 
understanding 
look and holding out his hand to help her up.

      Ryoko looked surprised by the way he reacted. She took his 
welcoming hand 
as he hoisted her up off the cold barren floor. He had seen her 
and acted in a 
way she never thought. He pulled her up to eye level and lost 
himself in the 
woman's golden eyes. He thought how it had been a year since she 
crashed on 
earth. Until this moment he had never seen the beauty that this 
face held when 
she wasn't trying to seduce him or fighting with Aeka.  

      Ryoko couldn't help but feel nervous at the sight of Tenchi 
staring into 
her eyes as if to look into her soul. Then as if out of nowhere he 
kissed her 
the feeling of his lips caressing hers was enough to warm her 
heart and body. As 
if one shock wasn't enough she felt his tongue inside her mouth. 
They stayed 
there holding each other for what seemed a lifetime. As if the 
universe suddenly 
made all the sense in the world and she didn't give a damn about 
any of it 
except what was happening right here and now. It seemed like 
eternity that they 
stayed there as one. Holding each other hoping that this moment 
never end.   

      Tenchi still reeling from the kiss was only able to speak a 
few jerky  
word's "I'm sorry Ryoko I don't know what came over me."
     
      "Don't be Tenchi" smiled Ryoko.

      Ryoko sighed happily and said in a hopeful voice "Are you 
going do it again?" 

      " I'd like to." Said Tenchi unable to believe what he just 
said but finding a sort of comfort in it.

      " Then don't apologize mmmfff" as Ryoko was cut short by 
Tenchi's lips.
                
      They both lay there in each other's arms for hours until a 
small voice 
interrupted through the door "Brother Tenchi time for dinner!" 
proclaimed Sasami

      " Are you hungry Tenchi?" asked Ryoko breaking the kiss this 
time.

      " Yeah! especially after I missed lunch" replied Tenchi as 
he patted his 
empty stomach, as it gurgled as if in agreeance .

      " Aren't I worth missing a meal for" said Ryoko as she 
feigned a hurt 
voice and began to pout.

      " Definitely." He said gently kissing her again.

      Tenchi got up from his bed and headed for the closet and 
started to change for dinner.

      "Take it off !!! Yeah baby!! Tenchi come here and give momma 
a lap dance." Hooted Ryoko.

      "Do you mind??" commented Tenchi sarcastically.

      "Why are you so shy Tenchi? I mean you've seen me a hundred 
times and I've never seen you." giggled the pirate displaying the 
fact that she was wearing no undergarments. 

      Seeing Ryoko naked again Tenchi instinctively turned away 
only to be shoved back by some uncontrollable force he turned  
realizing he had just been laying down with this woman, holding 
her in his arms for hours not bothered by that ,why should this. 
There was only a thin layer of cotton separating them before this 
isn't much different. Tenchi gathered his nerve and brought his 
arm around her waist pulling Ryoko to his chest. 

      Ryoko was totally caught off guard by this sudden change in 
Tenchi's behavior but welcomed it none the same. Ryoko seeing her 
opportunity slid her hand down to massage Tenchi's crotch. This 
time he didn't flinch at her touch. Already finding a bulge in his 
pants she began to stroke the area with her fingers.

      "Tenchi I want you." smiled Ryoko beginning to rub herself 
against him.

      "Tenchi I need you." she continued.

      "Make love to me." She said in a soft voice.
      
      Tenchi spoke his voice trembling trying to keep his senses 
"You know I've dreamed about this." 

      " I mean you and me." he said almost embarrassed.

      " That's all I dream about." replied Ryoko reassuringly.

      " Ssshhhh" hushed Ryoko as she put a finger to his bottom 
lip. 

      " The only thing I want to hear is you moaning my name." As 
Ryoko grinned fiendishly. Then she proceeded to slowly slink down 
and unbutton his pants. Ryoko paused a moment to breathe heavily 
upon the bulge in his shorts. Then proceeded to reach for his hard 
cock.......... 

 
 Continued in Chapter -2- "TWO GIRLS A GUY AND... (WELL WHAT ELSE 
DO YOU NEED!!!!)

      OKAY YES I'M A PRIC. I thought a cliffhanger would work 
well. This is my first fic and I'm a bit nervous. I would 
appreciate any constructive critism just send your flames to 
ZanakinAK@aol.com. If you have tips or suggestions or maybe 
actually didn't mind reading this I would like to hear from you. 
The next chapter will be much longer and much more in depth on why 
Tenchi is acting the way he is. Thanks!!!!   Zanakin
