Forever Isn't Long Enough: Episode 3 

Everyone Hates Mornings....

Written By: Zanakin 
Author Email: ZanakinAK@aol.com or uhyeahthatsme@hotmail.com
Proofreading by: the_3d_man@hotmail.com

Special Thanks: Night927, Davner, Cav, StrikesTwice,and GenSao  

Extra Special Thanks: To my Goddess Margaret (For without her I 
wouldn't be this perverted) And to all my fans who emailed me 
Thanks Guys!!!!!!   


Disclaimer: Tenchi muyo and all affliated characters are property of
AIC and Pioneer LDC. The fic does not represent the veiws of the 
creators this is simply the product of an unsound mind. Please do not 
sue me this is merely my overactive imagination doing it's thing. 
Though it wouldn't do much because i am poor


WARNING THIS FIC CONTAINS SCENES THAT DEAL WITH ADULT LANGUAGE, 
NO PLOT, AND BEST OF ALL HARDCORE SEX!!!! No seriously this material 
is not for those under the age of 18. And should not be read by minors!
If you are under 18 please click the back button on your browser now
though if I were a horny teenager I wouldn't care what the hell this 
thing says and would have already pulled down my pants and began to...
......................................................................
......................................................................
............................[CENSORED]................................
......................................................................
......................................................................


Author's Note: Hey I finally got this chapter done. It may have 
taken a while but I hope that you enjoy it. One more thing there is 
the small problem of people not voting for this fic. I know quite a few 
have read my story as I have recieved email from you giving me lavish 
and undeserved praise(and i love it!!!). So throw this fic a bone and 
give it a vote on the site voting booth Thanks and Enjoy!!! 
					 Zanakin    
 

Forever Isn't Long Enough: Episode 3

Everyone Hates Mornings....

	The early morning rays poured into the room through the open 
window filling it with a warming glow of orange sunlight. Tenchi 
stirred as the light shined upon his face rousing him gently from his 
night's rest. Tenchi yawned and slowly sat up, rubbing the sleep from 
his eyes. 

	"Good morning Tenchi." Ryoko whispered softly. 
 
Tenchi opened his eyelids only to find himself peering into the golden 
pools that were his lover's bueatiful eyes. He smiled as he looked at 
the happiness that raditated from Ryoko's smile. He had never before 
seen this expression of pure joy that she wore now. Returning the smile Tenchi 
cupped his hand under her chin guiding their faces together so their 
lips met in a soft kiss. Tenchi felt her smile widen right before 
he pulled away.   

	"Good morning to you too." replied Tenchi to a giggling Ryoko.

	"I hope you say good morning like that everyday." said Ryoko 
as she ran a finger across his chest looking at him with a face filled
with pure glee.

        "It would be a pleasure." smiled Tenchi as he kissed the Cyan 
haired bueaty again.

	Ryoko felt the warmth of his lips against hers and smiled again 
remembering what she had planned for him this morning.  
 
        "Are you hungry?." questioned Ryoko breaking their kiss.

	"I'm vamished." He replied patting his empty stomach.
  
        "Good, come down stairs I made Breakfast for you." She said 
as she stepped off his bed and made her way to the door. She paused 
in the doorway curling her finger seductively beckoning Tenchi to 
follow. He stepped out on to the cold hardwood floor and trailed after 
Ryoko who was floating backwards desending the flight of stairs, urging
him to follow.

        "Ryoko made me breakfast?..." pondered Tenchi as a worried 
expression crept onto his face. 

	He recalled the last time Ryoko had
made a meal, the entire house was ill for a week with some unknown 
stomach virus that even Washu had never seen. Though not wanting to 
hurt his lover's feelings Tenchi set aside his concerns and hoped 
for the best.

	"It can't be that bad." Thought Tenchi rounding the entry
into the kitchen when a pleasent aroma caught him.

	"Well at least it doesn't smell bad." thought Tenchi a bit 
relieved. 

	Ryoko motioned for Tenchi to take a seat at the kitchen table. 
Tenchi sat down in the chair and puzzledly looked around. 

        "Hey that's odd where did everyone go?" asked Tenchi who was 
suprised to not see the breakfast table swarming with people. 

        "Your dad took everyone shopping." sounded Ryoko's voice 
from behind him.

        Tenchi was about to turn around to see what was keeping Ryoko
when he heard her voice again.

        "Don't turn around just yet. I want it to be a suprise." 
instructed Ryoko.

	Tenchi blindly waited for Ryoko, twidling his thumbs idoly.
He began to think of all the possible dishes she would set in front
of him. A series of green putrid slop came to mind each plate worse 
than the next. Tenchi started formulating possible excuses for him not 
finishing the meal she prepared for him.

	"Okay you can turn around now." came Ryoko's voice breaking 
his train of thought.

        Tenchi turned his chair around casually to face Ryoko, but what
he saw next left him at a loss for words. All Tenchi could do was 
stare, his jaw was on the floor as he gazed at Ryoko covered in whip 
cream. Her slim perfect body completely bare except where she had 
covered herself in a set of dessert topping apparrel resembling a 
bikini. Tenchi's mind froze leaving him no clue as what to do next. 

        Ryoko smiled devishly lifting a single finger and running it 
down   between her firm breasts taking a dallop of the creamy 
confection on the end of her index finger. Tenchi's eyes couldn't help 
follow her everymove, entranced by his own hormones as the cyan haired 
goddess began to lick her finger ever so slowly. 

         "Suprise..." said Ryoko in a sultry voice as she walked over 
to Tenchi and sat down on his lap.

         Ryoko looked down to find "Little Tenchi" awake and yearning 
for release. The pirate took another small fingers worth of the cream 
from her cleavage and put against Tenchi's bottom lip.

	"Now after you've finished your plate we can move on to the 
main course" the golden eyed vixen whispered into his ear, giving 
Tenchi a clear mental image of what was to follow.    

	"Go ahead Tenchi eat up" she continued raising her chest to his 
mouth.

	Tenchi was hesitant at first but lust soon caught a firm 
grip of him and his loins as he began lapping up the white confection 
from her breasts. She proceeded to grind her ever moistening cunt 
against him teasing his dick with promises of sexual release. 

	"Oooohhh Tenchi!" cried Ryoko as Tenchi continued on to the her 
other breast, titling her head back as she swayed to and fro on his lap.

	He flicked his tongue playfully toying with her rock hard 
nipple. Tenchi's mind became a swirl of sensations as Ryoko's 
continuous rubbing aroused his member to nearly rip through his shorts. 
His tongue circled her supple breasts not missing a speck of the 
whipped cream. Tenchi continued till he had removed all the fluffy 
white covering from Ryoko's chest leaving her exposed and smiling 
happily.         
 
	Ryoko's face was one of pure pleasure as she continued to coax 
the bulge in Tenchi's pants by kneeding her dripping vagina against 
his thin boxer shorts.	


	Having "eaten his breakfast" Tenchi gazed hard at "main course" 
in anticipation of what was to follow. He began to pull off his shorts 
when Ryoko interrupted...

        "Now you wouldn't want me to go hungry either now would you?" 
 said Ryoko with the same malicious look in her eye that she had the
other night the moment before she gave his penis a tounge bath. 

	Ryoko giggled as she dropped down to her knee's. Ryoko lifted 
her hand towards the coutner and reached for the can of whip cream she
had left there. She slid his shorts around his ankles releasing 
"Little Tenchi" who was more than eager to be free of it's cotton 
imprisonment. Ryoko began spraying whip cream all around Tenchi's very 
erect member smiling as she went periodicaly commenting on how hungry 
she was. Tenchi sat there gripping the seat bottom trying to contain 
the hurricane of desire as Ryoko teased his penis with quick flicks of 
her tongue as she did to his cock what he had only moments ago done to 
her breasts.

	Tenchi was about to burst when Ryoko shoved his hard cock into 
her mouth. Ryoko slid his rock hard member between her fangs playfully 
while massaging his shaft with her hand. She knew Tenchi was throughly 
enjoying his morning as she sent him into a spasm of pleasure by 
running her tounge across the tip of his penis right before swallowing 
his entire length again and gourging herself upon the taste of his 
flesh. Ryoko released it from her mouth and gripped his hard cock with 
her right hand and began sliding her hand up and down his throbbing 
shaft. She noitced how wet she had become and slid her other hand down 
towards her nether regions and inserted a finger into her hot snatch. 

	Ryoko began to pant as she mastubated herself and Tenchi 
awaiting for his cum to flow into her mouth. She stuck out her tongue 
as she saw Tenchi begin to lose himself in the feeling of her touch. 
Sure enough Tenchi could no longer restrain himself and let a load of 
his warm cum splash against Ryoko's skin. She extended her tongue in 
a vain effort to catch the erratic spray of hot semen. She swallowed 
what she could and began a search for more of the creamy white liquid
that oozed down the sides of her hand as she held his dick firm in her 
hand. Ryoko wasn't about to let any of it go to waste and ran her 
tongue up tenchi's shaft gathering all the excess cum onto it before 
letting it roll it's way in her mouth before swallowing letting out a loud 
moan of pleasure.     

	Tenchi panted as his breathing slowed and his dick began to 
relax.

        "Not yet Little Tenchi we aren't done yet." said Ryoko as she 
coaxed his penis to life. 

	Ryoko laid herself down on the kitchen table and began driving 
two fingers into her pussy. Rapidly sliding her digits in and out from
her wet cunt. Tenchi's slowly becoming arroused by the scene of his 
lover masturbating in front of him. She removed the pair of fingers and brought them to her 
mouth as she licked up her own juices. Tenchi fully erect again 
inserted his growing member into her wet pussy. She instantly felt 
"little Tenchi" inside her, Tenchi rythmically slid his cock inside his
lover's hot cunt. Ryoko cried out in passion at his every passing 
wanting more. The sounds from Ryoko only made Tenchi that more enticed 
as he grabbed her hips and plunged himself deep into her creamy pussy. 
Ryoko moaned in exctasy as he felt her inner walls pressing tightly 
around his throbbing cock. Tenchi was unable to keep himself from 
pounding her sex rapidly with his swollen member, losing all control to
the lust that had consumed them both. Tenchi continued to slam himself 
inside his lover causing the kitchen table to teeter back and forth 
under such force. Ryoko's moans became screams of encouragement as she 
felt her whole body lock. The feeling of his hot dick battering her 
walls sending shockwaves of pleasure reeming through her body. The 
world around began to disapprear around them in that final before both 
their climaxes. Tenchi let out a fierce cry of satisfaction as he shot 
a jet stream of his seed into her sex, while Ryoko screamed aloud as 
the final thrust from tenchi's pelvis made her orgasm. They both 
collapsed into a heap of pants and sighs on the kitchen table. Thier 
bodies sweating from the intense workout they both would have gladly 
done again had they but the strength. It was a few minutes before 
either of them were able to talk.  
 
        "So how did you like breakfast?" panted Ryoko.

        "I loved it..by the way what's for lunch?" grinned a 
exhausted Tenchi.
    
        "You'll see." said Ryoko slyly.

        Ryoko stepped down from the table and stumbled her way to the
stairs.

        "Tenchi are you up for a bath? I'll wash yours if you wash 
mine." smiled the demoness while she waited for her lover to join her 
before ascending the stairs.

        "I don't think I can take another round" joked Tenchi.
        
        "I'll be gentle...I promise Tenchi" she said with her hand 
placed on her chest as if she was swearing an oath. 
	
        "Give me a second to catch my breath and I'll be right there." 
said the tired youth.  
        
	Ryoko started off toward the onsen when Tenchi interrupted.

        "Can we use the Men's Bath? I don't think the other girls would
appreciate us doing that where they bathe, plus I don't feel right in 
there." commented Tenchi.
          
	Ryoko shrugged just happy to be able to bathe with Tenchi 
without him screaming like one of the people in those giant lizard 
movies Nobuyuki taped pornography over and then later hid under his bed.  
Thinking about Tenchi's dad reminded her about their suprise meeting 
earlier. 		
        
	"I'm glad Nobuyuki helped get everyone out of the house so me 
and Tenchi could be together this morning. He was really understanding 
though I wasn't too happy about the way he stared at my chest" Thought 
Ryoko while she got the bath ready, recalling thier conversation early 
that morning....  
  
        Ryoko remember she had woken up early and Tenchi was insistent 
on staying asleep even after repeated her attempts to rouse him. She 
had decided to see what she could make Tenchi for breakfast even though 
she knew she wasn't the best cook she still wanted to do something 
special for the day after their first night together. Nobuyuki was 
already awake sipping his morning coffee when she came into the kitchen
wearning nothing more than one of Tenchi's old t-shirts. He nearly spit
out his coffee when she came into veiw.

       "Hey Ryoko what are you doing up this early? And why are you 
wearing Tenchi's T-shirt?" asked Nobuyuki nearly choking on his coffee. 

       But before she could say anyhting he was already asking another 
series of questions. 

       "Did you just come from Tenchi's room?" he interrogated

       "You and Tenchi didn't...did you?" he continued

       "What am I saying a bueatiful girl like you in his bed there is 
no way that even Tenchi could not do it, could he?" he asked.
       
	Ryoko didn't even need to say a word the expression on her face
told volumes. Before she knew it he was all over the kitchen jumping 
about exclaiming how he had been worried for Tenchi but there was never
any need to worry because all masaki became men, he went on and on like
this for awhile before Ryoko was able to calm him down. 

       "Oh Ryoko you don't know how happy you made Tenchi's mother and
I." he said as he gripped Ryoko in a bear hug.
    
       After letting go of her Ryoko and allowing her to caught her 
breath she was able to ask if there was anyway he could get take the 
rest of the group out of the house so she and Tenchi could be alone. 
Nobuyuki understood completely and imeaditatly began waking the girls 
up and getting them ready to go into the city. Nobuyuki had to take off 
from work by giving them a phony excuse but he was more than obliged 
to help out. Nobuyuki then shoo'ed Ryoko back to Tenchi's room and told
her to stay there till they left so as not to raise suspicion. After a 
about a half hour she heard the van speeding down the driveway and out 
of site.    
                 
       Ryoko thoughts were cut short by Tenchi shutting the door behind him. 

       "I'm ready" Tenchi said as both of them slipped into the bath.



Meanwhile in the Onsen.....


	
	"I can't believe Lord Nobuyuki was so insistent on my going 
with them shopping. I am certainly not going to leave Tenchi alone with that 
mongrel in heat sluffing about. For all I know she could have tried to 
seduced my Tenchi had I not stayed!" scoffed a distraught Aeka as she 
continued relaxing in the onsen waters. 

	"To think what that she devil would have done had she got her 
hands on him yesterday. Thank god I was there to save Lord Tenchi from
the clutches of that witch woman. The mere thought of her foulness on 
my Tenchi's.. " Aeka paused unable to fininsh the thought. 

 
	Usually such thinking would be considered improper for a member 
of Jurai's royal family. But with the privacy and her own lustful 
feelings there was no one to say what was improper.Aeka couldn't help 
but feel gulity as she continued thinking about Tenchi's other 
qualities besides his...

        The purple haired princess tried to push the thought of 
Tenchi's private area from her mind but found the more effort she put 
into it the stronger the feeling she felt inside. She began to think of 
the day before and how she had caught a full veiw of her beloved's rear
end. Her thoughts wandered on the subject of Tenchi's body. She began 
day dreaming of him running his fingers across her exposed chest and 
kissing her neck sensually. Aeka unwittingly began to touch herself in 
the exact areas she imagined Tenchi's hands would be. 

	It had been quite sometime since Aeka had pleasured herself, it
had always been too risky to have Sasami sleeping right next to her 
to do it in her room or there were too many people inside the onsen for
her to even be in here without a towel on. But right now proposed an 
oppertune moment for her to relieve some of her excess tension.

	She stared watchfully at the door waiting for someone to enter, 
but after a few moments she convinced herself that she was simply being 
overcautious. She hadn't seen Ryoko yet and she was usually up about 
this time getting over a night's worth of drinking. 

 	"I suppose Nobuyuki must have seen Ryoko and taken her along 
with them." the princess thought aloud.

        "That means the only other person here would be Tenchi..." Aeka 
drew slient as she dreamed of her and Tenchi walking hand in hand 
almost like they did the day she crashlanded here. 

	She imagined them both standing under Funaho, Tenchi gazing 
into her amtheyst eyes, holding her in an endearing embrace. 

        "Aeka I desire you." 

        "And I you Tenchi...Make love to me." 
        
	From there Tenchi would lay her down on a blanket they brought 
with them for a picnic, slowly removing her clothing as he whispered 
sweet nothings in her ear. She would bring his face to meet hers as
they shared their first passionate kiss. The taste if his lips 
overflowing her senses. Tenchi would reach behind her back as he 
unhinged Aeka's bra exposing her tender bussom, all the while riddling 
her neck with kisses and the intermitent whispering of "I love you". 
Her hands pressing his barrel chest to her breasts as Tenchi slid lower 
leaving a trail of kisses as he went. 

       Aeka had slipped into an almost dream state as she ran her hands
across her chest mimicing what she imagined Tenchi doing to her.

        Tenchi would proceed to suckle on her firm breasts while 
kneeding her firm butex in his muscular hands right before he worked 
his way down to her navel. Circling as she gasped in pleasure at the 
feeling of his every touch against her fair skin. 

        Aeka continued to imagine Tenchi's every move to the point she
wasn't sure she was dreaming or Tenchi was actually there with her 
under Funaho. Her hands followed the contours of her body matching how 
Tenchi would move when they first make love. She felt her hands graze 
her vaginal lips and the mere touch set her body afire. She inserted 
her finger gradually massaging her clit at the same time imagining 
Tenchi's tounge enter her vaginal folds, probing for her sweet juices.

	The princess arched her back as a new wave of pleasure crashed
against her body. The onsen waters around her began to sway responding 
to her quickening movements. She felt as though fireworks had been set 
off inside her body at the same time basking in the illusion of Tenchi
orally pleasuring her. She inserted another finger, moving even quicker than 
before. He breath stopping short at her hands every passing. 

        Tenchi continued to drink her sweet juices when Aeka brought 
him to her face and began to unbutton his pants. She fumbled with his
buttons so he helped her by finishing where she had started. He reached down 
inside his shorts to pull out his penis when the princess screamed out 
as the final tidal wave of sensation ripped through her with such a 
devastating force Aeka found herself halfway standing out of the 
steaming waters. Realizing she was still in the onsen she composed 
her self and sunk back under the clear water. With a sigh of relief 
Aeka finished her bathing content and happy. 

        She had the house and Tenchi all to herself she thought as 
stepped out of the warm water and finished dressing herself in her 
usual violet kimono. 

        "Today is going to be a day to remember." Aeka thought to 
herself before exiting the onsen.         

	Aeka took a moment to see if the others had returned or not, 
seeing no one she walk upstair to awaken Tenchi had he not already done 
so, when she heard his voice coming from the men's bathroom.

        "That bath was just what I needed" said Tenchi's voice. 

        "This is perfect Tenchi is refreshed he will probably love 
the idea of a picnic! And right now is the oppritune time to ask." 
thought Aeka excitedly.

        Things couldn't have been more perfect the princess thought 
as she walked toward the sound of Tenchi's voice coming from the
bathroom. The best part is Ryoko wouldn't be there to interrupt them.  
 
	Then within an instant Aeka's world of daydreams and warm 
thoughts came crashing down around her. The princess' heart froze in 
terror seeing her beloved Tenchi in the arms of that monster Ryoko. 
Both Ryoko and Tenchi locked in a passionate kiss. Somehthing in her 
mind seemed to crack unable to handle the sight before her. Unable to 
speak the princess stood there watching them her mouth hung open an 
expression of Terror and overwhelming sadness. Aeka couldn't turn away 
from the horror that was before her as tears began to well up in her 
eyes as time seemed to freeze and all she could utter was his name...

	
	"Tenchi....." the sound was so faint he barely heard it........



	Alright I did it again but I love a cliffhanger!!!  Don't you?
I know I promised an explaination, but that is next chapter and i said 
I was going to release two chapters but there were so many people that
liked the story I couldn't help but put out this chapter early. Rest 
assured though as soon as the other one is finished I'll send it on 
it's way make sure to watch for 

Episode 4: More than a Feeling

What will Tenchi do next? you have to wait and see....
      
	All critism is appreciated and send all your emails to 
ZanakinAK@aol.com even if it's just to say Hi and that you read my 
story i would love to hear from you and thanks for reading if you 
like Forever Isn't Long Enough give me a vote on the site voting 
booth!!!!  
                                     Thanks, Zanakin 

	  
 