
(NOTE!  This fic takes place after the movie Tenchi Forever (Tenchi
Muyo In Love 2.)  This movie is allegedly the conclusion to the Tenchi
series, it covers some VERY earth-shattering ground, and this fic
contains some MAJOR spoilers to some of the most important plot-twists
in all of the Tenchiverse.  DO NOT read this fic if you haven't yet
seen Tenchi Forever, as it would really spoil the surprises!)

Oh, and it's a lemon.  If you've read my other works, you know that I
don't use the term lemon lightly.  There'll be sex involved and stuff.
Possibly even something other than two girls going at it.  Hey, I'll
try anything once...

I'll say the important part again:

DO NOT READ THIS IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN 'TENCHI FOREVER!'

Send feedback to warpzone32@hotmail.com

Tenchi Muyo:
Forever and a Day
-part 1

Ryoko hovered, her feet scant inches above the glassy surface of the
lake, and pulled her legs up into a sitting position, then extended one
leg slightly... She brushed back what hair of hers was plyable, and
touched a finger to her lips mischeviously.  She winked saucily at the
young man who sat beneath an ancient Jurian tree, watching her every
bold and graceful movement.

Tenchi said something to her, and she held that pose... but only for a
minute.  His pencil had touched the pad less than half a dozen times
before she was moving around again... turning, swinging her arms,
arching her back... the woman simply couldn't seem to hold still.
Tenchi jested about how difficult to draw this made her.

Tenchi's playful tone, if not his words, carried quite clearly across
the lake, reaching the ears of the one who watched them silently...

Ryoko then winked out of existance... only to glomp him from behind a
moment later, placing her hands over his eyes and challenging him to
draw her from memory...


And just this once,
Tenchi
did
not
pull
away.

Ayeka wrenched her gaze from the sight and forced herself to continue
her walk down the forest path.  She couldn't keep watching... she knew
she musn't.  She knew she would loose her composure if they decided to
kiss now.  It would break her inside to see it.

A brown maple leaf fluttered across her field of vision... the trees
were nearly bare now.  Autumn was almost over.  Soon it would be
winter, and as the days got shorter and the weather turned colder
outside, Aieka felt it grow more and more frigid inside her heart as
well.

She was loosing.

It had been less than a month since Tenchi's return, but already their
relationship was advancing in leaps and bounds, exploding exponentially
beyond what it had been before...  Tenchi's and Ryoko's relationship,
that is.  Aieka could feel it in the air every time they looked at each
other.  Trust.  Friendship.  Intimacy.

Love...

Not that Aieka hadn't tried to maintain her relationship with Lord
Tenchi, but their relationship, even before his disappearance had
always been platonic, at best.  The way he and Ryoko were getting along
now,  Ayeka lost more ground with each passing day.  Ayeka knew it was
only a matter of time before her fate was sealed.

And yet, somehow... Ayeka knew that this was the way it was meant to
be.  She had known it ever since...

Ever since...

"Hey, Ayeka!" Ryoko yelled.

Ayeka blinked and looked where the voice had come from.  Out on the
Ryu-oh's island.  Ryoko was waving eagerly to Ayeka, an intensely
friendly grin on her face...

"What's up?  Come see the picture Tenchi drew of you!"

Puzzled, Ayeka looked around.  She'd thought she'd been walking away
from them for the past ten minutes, but she was only a couple meters
from the spot where she had been watching them minutes ago.

"Er... yes... coming, Ryoko..."

* * *

"What'd you say that for?" Tenchi asked.  Ryoko simply shruged and
leaned against the trunk of the ancient Jurian tree.

"I couldn't help it... she just looked so miserable over there all by
herself..."

"So what am I supposed to do?" Tenchi asked with a hint of playfulness
in his voice, "Just magically conjure up a picture of Ayeka, just like
that?"

Though she showed no outward sign of it, Ryoko's heart was racing
within her chest.  She loved it when he talked back to her... just
hearing him raise his voice anymore gave her goose-pimples...
especially since, more often than not, it was not to reprimand her, but
to tease her back playfully.  Ooooh... if he continued getting bolder
at this rate...

"Weeeell," Ryoko said, watching the princess pick her way free from the
foliage and make her way to the trail of stepping-stones that led
across to the tree's island... "You do have a few minutes... and you're
a good artist... I'm sure you can come up with *something* before she
gets here..."

"Riiiiight,"  Tenchi replied, and calmly flipped a few pages in his
sketchbook...

Ryoko almost fell over when he turned the page to a nearly-completed
sketch of Ayeka in full dress kimono, and began adding a few finishing
touches.

Ayeka was already in that sketchbook!?

For the first time in weeks, Ryoko remembered that she had competition.

Aieka finally stepped across the last rock, a bit flushed from the
exertion... she'd been hurrying, despite herself.  Had he really been
drawing *her* that entire time?

"Heh... I'm sorry... it's not very good..." Tenchi held up the sketch
pad and turned it so Aieka could see it.

Aieka gasped.  Did he really see her as being that beautiful?  That
graceful?  "Oh, Lord Tenchi, I..." Aieka heard a resonating hiss of
displaced air, and turned to see that Ryoko had teleported away.

Now she could safely speak her thoughts.

But what did she really want to say to him...?

"Thank you, Lord Tenchi... it's beautiful."

Tenchi laughed nervously and scratched the back of his head. It was
really just an old character study.

* * *

Ryoko hovered just above the ground, scratching listlessly at the dirt
path with a broom, sweeping a few leaves at a time away from the ground
in front of the Masaki residence.  Katsuhito walked past her, mildly
surprised that she was doing yardwork, but saying nothing.

Ryoko sighed.  Why leave Ayeka alone with Tenchi?  Why go to so much
trouble to lift Aieka out of her slump?  Seven months ago, she would
have tried at every opprotunity to steal Tenchi's attention away from
princess. Not the other way around!  Why was she giving Aieka an
opprotunity like this, after all she'd been through to win Tenchi's
heart?  Surely she wasn't doing it solely for Aieka's benefit?

A thought suddenly occured to Ryoko.

"Dammit!  I'm not going soft, am I?"

Ryoko looked down at the broom in her hand.  How had it gotten there?
She'd come out here to clear her head, not to do... yardwork!  Looking
behind her, the path she had swept free of dead leaves mocked her
silently.

Ryoko dropped the broom in disgust, then blew the rest of the leaves
away with a small blast of her power.  Just a quick burst of air
pressure... no explosions, but generating a sizable cloud of dust in
the process.  The leaves twirled about in the air before settling back
to Earth.

Ryoko grinned.  Now distracted by something she could safely consider
play and not work, Ryoko spread her arms and generated another gust of
wind.  It was no different from levitating, just to the side instead of
down, and in all directions at once...  She blew the leaves into a
cyclone and let the dust swirl in a ring, close to the ground.  A
giggle arose in her throat as she immagined herself an all-powerful
sorceress, casting the stars and planets about with her magick...

Then suddenly, she heard voices in the distance and lost focus on her
inborn powers; the leaves and loose dust scattered randomly across the
path that had just been swept clean.

Ayeka and Tenchi could be seen walking towards her, side-by-side.
Almost touching, almost hand-in-hand.

Almost.

Aieka's face shone with contentment.  She looked more animated than she
had in weeks as she quietly conversed with Tenchi...

Ryoko frowned for a moment, then sighed, and teleported up to her room.
No point in interrupting them... it was in the bag, after all.  Tenchi
was hers.  Aieka had practically handed him to her.  Besides...

Ryoko sighed.  No point in denying it, even to herself.  She had been
HAPPY to see how much more cheerful Aieka had become after some quality
time with Tenchi.  All that time on the road with Aieka during the six
months that Tenchi had been missing... all that time they'd spent
together searching for him... working together for a common goal...
comforting each other...

Hell.  She HAD gone soft, hadn't she?

"Oh well," Ryoko murmured to herself as she heard the front door open
and close, "I've heard that Tenchi LIKES soft girls..."

* * *

"You know, all of the computer models predicted that this would be the
outcome," Washuu chirped as she cleaned herself before her bath, "so
there's no point in worrying about it now... you've already won.  Hey,
Ryoko, wash my back for me, willya?"

Ryoko wasn't even paying attention as she did what Washu asked... it
wasn't until the wily mad scientist had already rinsed herself that
Ryoko realized that what she had just done was a gesture of respect in
Tenchi's culture.  She balled up the rag and flug it at Washuu, who
cackled evilly as she dodged it.

"Grrr...  Well, did the computer models also predict that me and that
royal brat would make friends," Ryoko asked indignantly.

Washuu nodded as she and her daughter took their places in the hot bath
water.  "Seventy-six percent of the time!"

"NANI!?"  Ryoko's jaw dropped.  "THAT OFTEN!?"

Washu nodded, folding her hands in a very evil-geniusy manner.  "It's
quite simple, really... my reseach indicated that, while two of the
subjects were divided over the acquisition of the third, there remained
several key factors that contributed to a mutually beneficial
relationship between the two, should the object of their competition be
removed.  Furthermore, there was a very high likelyhood that any
extended periods of tactical cooperation on the part of the first two
subjects, in the abscence of the catalystic prescence of the third
subject, would lead to an interpersonal bonding that would reveal and
exploit those factors that contributed to an overall compatability
between the two subjects, eventually leading to a symbitoic
relationship between the two."

Ryoko frowned.  "But I don't like her!"

Washuu grinned.  "That's not what you were saying when we first came
in here..."

Ryoko stopped and thought about that for a moment.  Gods, WHY had she
brought her problems to WASHU, of all people!?

"Well, I mean, yeah, I guess we got a little closer while we were
searching for Tenchi for those six months..."  Ryoko frowned, other
memories floating to the surface.  "And, yeah, I guess a little bit
before that..."  Ryoko's frown deepened.  "But I still don't LIKE
her... I mean, she's spoiled, and snobby, and prudish..."

Washuu grined triumphantly, waving around some rising sun fans that she
had pulled from the kamis only knew where.  "In other words, her
personality traits compliment yours PERFECTLY!"

Ryoko even frowned harder and massaged her temples.  It hurt to even
think about it...

"You know,"  Washuu said, lowering her voice and leaning in closer, "If
it weren't for all this messy business with Tenchi, you two might have
made a great couple..."

"GAAAAH!"  Ryoko winced and covered her ears.  "WASHUU, DON'T EVEN JOKE
ABOUT THAT!"

"MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!  What's the matter, Ryoko?" Washuu taunted,
"Did I touch a nerve...?  Or perhaps an erogenous zone?"  What washuu
didn't notice was princess Ayeka standing just behind her in the
doorway...

"Really now, Miss Washuu," Ayeka piped up, causing the brilliant one to
jump in her bath water, "I'm afraid I quite agree with Ryoko... there
are some things so morbid that one simply shouldn't speak of them, not
even as a joke!"

"Bah!  You two are no fun..." Washuu suddenly frowned. "Oh NO! I
completely forgot about the Interdimmensional Gravity Burst Envelope
experiment!  Girls, if the Earth falls into the sun within the next two
minutes, it's ALL your fault!"  Washuu tapped a key on her omni-present
holotop, and teleported back to her lab, apparently arriving there
stark naked and dripping wet.

"You know," Aieka said, "That woman gives new meaning to the term
'absent-minded.'"

"Don't I know it,"  Ryoko said.

A moment passed.

"Do you suppose she was kidding about the Earth falling into the sun?"
Aieka asked.

"I sure hope so,"  Ryoko said.  "Hmmm... maybe we should invite the
others into the bathroom, just in case?  I mean, if anything happened
to the Earth, they'd be safe in here..."

Aieka paled, if that's possible.  "Do we have to save Nobiyuki?" she
asked.

"Hmmmm..."  Ryoko thought it over.

Suddenly, Washuu reappeared, still mostly nude aside from some
coveralls that didn't quite cover all, brandishing a sonic screwdriver
and looking lightly charred.

"Good news!" *cough cough* "I fixed it!"  Washuu flashed a V-sign and
fell over.

* * *

When Washu had gone again, Ayeka untied her kimono's sash, preparing to
strip for her bath.

"How much did you hear?" Ryoko asked, refering to Washu's joke... at
least, she'd hoped it was a joke... about the two of them being
romantically compatable.

"Enough to make me nautious,"  The princess replied.  She suddenly felt
aprehensive about undressing before Ryoko, in a way she hadn't before.

"Tell me about it," Ryoko said, averting her gaze from the princess
while she undressed. Ryoko apparently didn't feel like sending mixed
signals any more than Ayeka felt like receiving them.  "That woman has
a damn twisted sense of humor!"

"Oh, I know," Ayeka said, "Remember the time she 'accidently' dropped
the house into the lake?"

Ryoko shuddered at the memory.  "I think I've had enough bathing for
one day..." Ryoko stood up from the bath and floated towards the door,
drying and dressing herself via her powers, almost as an afterthought.

"Okay..."  Aieka had just begun washing herself... "Oh, by the way,
Ryoko?"

"Yes?"  Ryoko asked.

Aieka paused. It was difficult to say this, but not as difficult as
she'd have imagined.

"Thank you for leaving us alone out there today, Ryoko...  I really
needed that."  Aieka's voice trailed off, and she went back to cleaning
her body.

"Uh... you're welcome..."  Ryoko blinked.  What exactly had they DONE
out there...?

"Umm... Aieka..."  Ryoko started, poking her fingers together
hesitantly... unsure how to ask what she wanted... no, NEEDED to
know...

"Lord Tenchi was a perfect gentleman, of course..."  Ayeka supplied,
almost as if she'd been reading the Space Pirate's mind.

"Of... of course."  Ryoko started to relax.  This WAS Tenchi they were
talking about, after all...

"Mmmmmmmm...  So gentle... "  Aieka glanced at Ryoko mischeviously
through half-closed eyes.  "But... have you noticed how much bolder
Tenchi's gotten lately?"

"Hey... hey.. HEY!"  Ryoko stammered, pointing at Aieka accusingly.
"Don't even joke about that!  And STOP that, your breasts are clean
enough!"

Aieka batted her eyes innocently.  "Why, I have no idea what you're
talking about, Ryoko."  Aieka sighed and rinsed herself before lowering
herself gracefully into the hot water.  "Ahhh.... Tenchi-sama..." she
moaned as the heat enveloped her body...

"Yeah, whatever..."  Ryoko growled, "You wish."  Ryoko turned away from
the whistful princess soaking herself, and phased through the bathroom
door...

...only to recieve a nasty electrical shock as she came into contact
with the forcefield that was part of the link between the dimmension
the women's bath was in and Earth.

Now cursing under her breath, a rather well-done Ryoko slid open the
bathroom door and stepped across the dimmensions, back into the
hallway of the Misaki residence.  Aieka's quiet giggle followed her...

"Oh, Lord Tenchi..." *sigh* "Again..."

Ryoko slammed the bathroom door.

Aieka laughed to herself as soon as the space pirate was gone.
"Oh-hohohohoho... Oh my... who would have thought she would react so
strongly to her own tricks...?"  Aieka helped herself to some sake from
the dish floating in the water beside her.

* * *

Tenchi smiled as he quietly opened the door to his room.  There was a
familiar form curled up in his bed, concealed under the blanket...
Chuckling to himself, Tenchi padded stealthily over to his bed, and
pulled back the covers.

Two pillows had been strategically placed in the center of his bed,
arranged to emulate the shape of a sleeping Ryoko.  Tenchi turned
around just in time to see it coming, yet too late to do anything about
it.

Ryoko pounced on him with a girlish squeel, sending him tumbling
backwards onto the bed.

"Ryoko, what are you doing?" Tenchi asked.  The words were the same as
they'd always been, but the tremor in his voice was gone.  There was a
slightly playful twinkle in his eye; the faintest trace of a smile on
his lips.

He knew darn well what Ryoko was doing.  And it didn't seem to bother
him one bit...

"What?"  Ryoko asked, grinning from ear to ear.  "You sneak into the
room, expecting to find me asleep and helpless in your bed, and now
that I've foiled your evil plan, you try to feign innocence?"

"Oh... so now I'm the villian, huh...?"  Tenchi's voice and grin were
just *perfect*.  Ryoko wanted so badly to just melt in his arms at this
point... but she knew that the moment she tried anything too physical,
his defenses would kick in, the old barriers would spring up, and he'd
be back to stammering and shouting at her to behave herself again.

Oh well.

If you can't push, pull.

"Nooooo..."  Ryoko moaned in her corniest imitation of a trapped
damsel, "Please!  Somebody, save me..."

Far better to play nice.  To tempt him gently and gradually until his
defenses were worn away to nothingness...  She'd been trying this ever
since Tenchi had been rescued, and although her results so far had been
mixed, it seemed to be working... better than her old tactics, anyway.

Ryoko lay upon Tenchi's body just long enough for it to sink in that
the poor, innocent damsel was practically jumping the evil villan.
Then she teleported to a sitting position, a safe, comfortable distance
away at the foot of the bed.  "So," she said sweetly, "how was your
day?"

She was behaving herself, but only slightly.  And apparently, that was
just the way Tenchi liked it.

"Well, after you left us, Ayeka started talking about the autumn
leaves... it seems that on Jurai, the trees usually bloom year-round,
so..."

Ryoko watched Tenchi's lips move as he spoke... it was the only thing
other than his eyes to look at, and she knew she wouldn't last long
staring into his eyes...  His voice was so deep and calm... Ryoko
scarcely noticed what he was saying, but she concentrated on the sound
of his voice with all her heart.  It was like a soothing mantra that
cleared her mind of all rational thought, leaving a void in which there
was only love...

Tenchi suddenly stopped talking and froze... Ryoko seemed to have
somehow drifted over to him while he spoke and wrapped her legs around
him.

"Mmmmmm... Tenchi..."  Ryoko ran a hand up the back of his neck,
tickling the hairs.

"Ryoko," Tenchi replied clamly, acting as if nothing
out-of-the-ordinary was happening... but the perspiration on the back
of his neck gave him away.

(Oh, how cute,) Ryoko thought, (he's trying to keep his cool...)

True, Ryoko liked this new bold streak of Tenchi's, but she could tell
when it was an act.  He was so innocent inside, and Ryoko liked that.
Truth be told, she had always enjoyed making him blush, watching him
squirm...  This was part of why her new policy of tact and mild
flirtation hadn't been entirely sucessful; sometimes she just couldn't
resist pushing him too far.  It was simply too much fun to nudge him a
little further than he could take.  To make him turn bright red and get
all angry and struggle to get away...

She especially enjoyed it when he tried to pretend she wasn't affecting
him...  when he acted all relaxed and confidentin the face of her
advances... like he was now. Because Ryoko knew he was the same inside
as he had always been.  And she enjoyed breaking that cool exterior
every time he had the gall to present it to her.  She planned to give
him more than he could handle right now, and start their chase all over
again.

"Mmmmmmm... Tenchi... can you feel it...?"  Ryoko took his hand and
smooshed it over her left breast.  "Can you feel my heart beating...?"
Ryoko ran her hands up and down the sides of Tenchi's body...

And still he remained calm!

(What's with him tonight?)  Ryoko thought, (Is the old geezer teaching
him some kind of new mental technique or something?)  Perhaps Katsuhito
had specifically instructed him to use all his concentration to ignore
her advances tonight?  Well, if that was the case, Ryoko intended to
have a lot of fun getting him to loose control...

And then, Tenchi suddenly and unaccountably leaned forward and kissed
her.

(Oh,) Ryoko thought as she closed her eyes, (that's nice, too...)

* * *

To Ryoko, the kiss was infinite.  She had no idea how long they were
like that... his lips moving against her, her hand still holding his
to her breast... the whole time mixed emotions fought and broiled
within Ryoko, lending different movements to her lips.  She was happy
brazen horny scared greedy loving desperate all at the same time.  One
thing she resolved as she came back to her senses was that she couldn't
loose control.  Not over one little kiss... after all, what if Tenchi
didn't mean it...?

"Ryoko..." Tenchi whispered.

Whispered?  When had his lips left hers?  Ryoko swore she could still
feel the kiss...  Ryoko opened her eyes.

"I love you, Ryoko..."

And our heroine fell without firing a shot.

"Oh Tenchi..."  Ryoko kissed him over and over again, all intentions of
keeping her composure gone... something that Ryoko's pride swore wasn't
a tear slid down her cheek... she started to pull open the front of her
dress...

"No," Tenchi corrected, his voice still quiet and firm and calm.  His
hands covered hers, and closed her dress again.  "Not yet," Tenchi
said, closing his eyes.

"But why not?"  Ryoko whined, holding Tenchi as closely as she possibly
could. "... when?"

"I don't know... maybe soon..."  Tenchi closed his eyes.  "But this
isn't the right time," he said.

"But WHY!?"  Ryoko asked. "I love you!  And you love me... so let's...
just..."

Tenchi looked her in the eyes, and shook his head.  "This isn't just
about us, Ryoko.  Maybe if we were the only ones who would be affected
by it...  But this whole relationship is bigger than you and me,
Ryoko...  And I think you know it."

Ryoko groaned.  Her again.  Trust Ayeka to find a way to butt in, even
after admiting defeat.

"Look, you're talking about *her,* right...?"  Ryoko asked.  "Don't
worry about it, Tenchi!  She won't mind..."  Ryoko trailed off.  That's
right, Tenchi hadn't been there when Ayeka had admitted to Ryoko's face
that she was the right girl for Tenchi.  "Okay, I know that sounds
lame, but believe me, Tenchi!  Ayeka knows we're... you know,
special..."  Ryoko held up her pinkie finger.

Tenchi sighed.  "It's not just Ayeka," Tenchi replied carefully, "it's
a lot of things... you know how complicated our lives are, Ryoko...
between you, Ayeka, Washu... the people of Jurai... the Galaxy
Police... half the known universe has been indirectly affected by my
decisions..."  Tenchi trailed off.  Ryoko didn't look
happy.

"That's just an excuse, Tenchi,"  Ryoko pouted,  "I want the real
reason."

Tenchi sighed.  "I guess the real reason is...  I'm just... not ready
yet."

Ryoko snorted.

"Maybe next time you should make sure you're ready before you go
telling a girl that you love her," she said, her eyes downcast.

"Ryoko..." Tenchi started, but she sank through the bed and the floor,
vanishing like a melting apparition.

"I couldn't wait any longer to tell you," he said to an empty room.

