


Created by: Zanakin
E-mail: ZanakinAK@aol.com
Proofreading: The_3d_man@hotmail.com

      Disclaimer: All characters are property of AIC and Pioneer LCD. This fan
  fic in no way  represents the views of the creators. This is merely my 
  over active imagination doing its thing. Please don't sue me!!! There 
  isn't much point, I'm broke. 

      WARNING ADULT CONTENT NO ONE UNDER 18 SHOULD READ THIS!!!!!!!!(BUT IF 
      I WERE A HORNY TEENAGER I WOULDN'T CARE) AND IF YOU ARE YOUNGER YOU PROBABLY 
      JUST DON'T UNDERSTAND WHAT THIS MEANS ANYWAY!!!!


Episode:2 There Always Time

(As we left our lovers Ryoko was about to show Tenchi her TRUE feelings.)


       .......Tenchi lay there sweating in exctasy as Ryoko engulfed his rock hard 
member in her mouth. 

       "MMMMMM" moaned Ryoko as she pulled Tenchi's cock from her lips.
 
       "Do you want me to keep going Tenchi?" she smiled giving his length a quick
 lick, which sent Tenchi into a sudden spasm of pleasure.

       "UH-HU" he gulped, nodding his head in accordance.
    
       "I thought so." she smiled, Ryoko then proceeded to once again to deep 
throat Tenchi's penis.
       
       Tenchi couldn't help but moan her name as Ryoko playfully darted his 
hardened member in and out of her mouth. He began to press himself inside Ryoko's 
mouth responding to her quickening pace. Ryoko took her hand and started massaging
his swollen shaft while she used her tongue to give his head a bath. Feeling guilty
for receiving such pleasure and not returning the feeling, he with a deft motion 
brought Ryoko's wet mound towards his salivating mouth. Tenchi's inhibitions were 
lost to lust as he plunged his tongue in to her warm pussy wanting to taste her 
sweet juices.     
          
       Ryoko let out a gasp as Tenchi explored her wet sex. Tenchi continued as 
an endless stream of cum came from Ryoko. Tenchi licked her pussy trying to catch 
every drop of Ryoko's nectar, but failing as she began to press herself against 
his probing tongue. These were sensations that neither of them had ever envisioned 
physically possible. Ryoko began to feel her nether regions tighten at Tenchi's 
every lick of her swollen clit. Not able to restrain herself anymore Ryoko turned 
and faced Tenchi and inserted his throbbing cock slowly inside her creamy sex. She 
winced in pain letting out a barely audible whimper as Tenchi's dick nudged up 
against her hymen.

      "What's Wrong Ryoko? Are you Okay?" Puzzled Tenchi looking at the pained 
expression on his partner's face.

      "Yes Tenchi ,It just hurts a little. It's my first time to." Commented Ryoko.
 
      "Really???!!!" Said Tenchi completely caught off guard by this sudden revelation.

      "I always thought you ... I mean... err...  had done this before." Stammered 
Tenchi.

      Ryoko gave Tenchi a long passionate kiss reminding him of the business at hand. 
"Don't stop Tenchi. I'll be fine." She kissed him again as a signal to proceed.

      Ryoko began to slowly to push Tenchi inside her as she straddled his waist. 
The pain came again but she continued. Tenchi unable to resist any longer grabbed her
supple breast and engulfed what he could in his mouth. Licking her nipple while he 
suckled on her breast. Ryoko felt a wave of pleasure as Tenchi became more open to 
the idea of exploring her body. Tenchi took his hand and traced her figure massaging 
her breasts as he went down her spine as she rode him. Tenchi hands began to take 
on a mind of their own as they slid towards Ryoko's voluptuous rear. Taking a nice 
firm grip he bounced the pirate down upon his shaft. Never once did Tenchi's firm cock
leave her succulent pussy. Ryoko began to gasp for air as Tenchi's pace quickened.

      "Tenchi!!! Oooohhh Tenchi!!! Cried out Ryoko

      "Don't STOP!!! Panted Ryoko as Tenchi drove himself even deeper.

      They both began to sweat from the excursion of their love for one another. Tenchi 
began to feel his member swell. Knowing what was next to come he tried to slow his pace 
but couldn't due the need for physical release. His body had taken control of him not 
his mind. Tenchi gave up fighting his instincts and let them take him where they may. As 
Tenchi's pace quickened Ryoko started to howl as a constant onslaught of pleasure 
invaded her body. She began to feel an intense heat in her nether regions. The friction 
from their constant contact brought up a warm feeling inside Ryoko something she had 
never felt before. She didn't think twice as the new emotion arose within her giving 
an unimaginable taste of of pure passion. Ryoko arched her back as the sensation 
conquered her. She tightened locking her body around Tenchi's heat stricken member. 
Tenchi no longer able to withstand the overflowing urge to let all that he had flow within 
Ryoko. Tenchi collapsed as he shot a load of semen up inside his partner. Ryoko fell atop
her lover panting as she had been given release to something that needed to be let out
700 hundred years ago. Tenchi equally as tired could only hold her in arms. Ryoko was 
the first to break the silence......

      "Tenchi." Smiled Ryoko.

      "HMMM..." he mumbled as Tenchi lifted his head to meet his lover's face.          
      
      "We need to do this more often." Giggled Ryoko 

      Tenchi's only response was a passionate kiss. Then as out of nowhere his stomach 
gurgled reminding him that today he hadn't eaten since breakfast. He turned to look at 
his alarm clock only to find it missing .

      "Where did it go?" he said to himself.

      "What?" asked Ryoko.

      "My Clock." As he continued his search

       Tenchi finally spied his clock a few feet away on the floor. He assumed it had 
been knocked off during their passionate romp. He saw that they had been an hour after 
Sasami had informed them it was time for dinner.

       "It's been an hour since we were supposed to be at dinner." mentioned Tenchi.

       "Are we bragging already?" joked Ryoko.

       "No. I just wanted to know if you are hungry?" asked Tenchi

       She merely nodded and rested her head on his chest while contently sighing. She 
had basically dismissed Tenchi's last comment. She laid there pondering the events that 
had just transpired. He had made love to her a sign that everything she did was not in 
vain. But something was different about this time. She didn't seduce him, In fact she was 
at her weakest when Tenchi pulled her from his closet and for a first time kissed her. 
Then he didn't flinch, he didn't run away or scold her. He made love to her welcoming the 
touch of her body and taking pleasure in it. Ryoko began to cry as she realized Tenchi had 
just done what she had wanted him to do for so long. She remembered how many months she 
had dreamed of him taking in her arms and just giving her the one thing she desperately 
needed most. . . .His affection.

       She remembered her earlier pirate years. She would see couples walk down the street,
lovers holding hands, people in love and the fact that she thought she could never have 
that. Never experience someone's loving touch against her skin. Never hear someone tell her 
how beautiful she was. Never lie down next to someone who would care for her protect her 
from harm. Instead she created a harsh exterior warding off anyone who might hurt her and 
hiding the pain of loneliness and emotional starvation. She contained it for years bottling 
it up until she could no longer take it. She would have violent outbursts doing things to 
people to make them feel just like she did inside. All the while crying out inside for 
someone to come to her rescue. Tenchi was the first person to do so.  Tenchi was the person
who rescued her from imprisonment in the cave. He came to her aid...

       Ryoko couldn't handle it anymore she burst into tears as the flood of memories broke 
through her emotional barriers. Ryoko held Tenchi for dear life like he was going to vanish
into thin air if she didn't hold on tight enough. Tenchi was totally bewildered by Ryoko's 
sudden mood change. All he could do was hold her and tell her it was going to be okay. 
She buried her face in his chest sobbing. Ryoko began to pray that this wasn't a dream. She 
finally had Tenchi's love, she was not going through life without it. 
	
       "Tenchi don't Leave me!!" she cried

       "PLEASE DON'T..PLEASE." Ryoko said through a waterfall of tears.

       "I wasn't going to." Said Tenchi as he watched Ryoko emotionally break down right in 
front of his eyes.

       "It's Okay Ryoko." Continued Tenchi as he tried to soothe her.

       Ryoko took comfort in his touch reassuring her this was real. That HE was real. She 
began to quite down as Tenchi held her tightly against himself. He wondered what had caused 
Ryoko to break down like that. Why was she acting like this? Tenchi lay there cradling her. 
Ryoko soon had calmed herself.      
       
       " Do you feel better now?" he questioned.
   
       She remained quite and stared down at the edge of the bed. Tenchi lifted her chin so
that she looked at him. He caressed Ryoko's face with his hand and kissed her. A smile was
her response to his loving touch. She took his hand and began kissing it. 

       " Just hold me." Ryoko said as she laid back down on top of Tenchi.

       Tenchi ran his fingers through her cyan hair and gently kissed the top of her head. 
He drifted in thought about all the time he and Ryoko had spent together while slowly 
stroking his lover's hair.

       "She has always been there for me whether I wanted it or not. But why did she fall 
in love with me?" he chuckled at himself "We need to work on your nervousness with girls 
Tenchi!!" he could envision his father saying. "HA!! If he could only see me now!!!" He 
stared at the gorgeous woman lying across him content to just rest in the same bed as him. 
How did I get so lucky? She was the first girl he ever dreamed about. He envisioned him 
coming home from work to find Ryoko on the door stoop waiting for him as he dropped his 
briefcase and wrap his arms around her as their lips touched, igniting a feeling of 
happiness all throughout his body. It was a sort of happiness Tenchi hadn't felt or 
remember feeling since his mother died. Why has it taken me so long to see what was right 
in front of my eyes?" he pondered.

        The moonlight poured in through his open window accenting her features making her 
far more beautiful than any other women could ever hope to be. Ryoko lay still as she slept 
more peacefully than an angel that somehow had lost it's way and ended up on Tenchi's bed. 
Tenchi felt that same happiness as he took a deep breath and closed his eyelids and made 
his way to the land of dreams. 

        " I love you Ryoko......" he sighed as he drifted to sleep ............


   Next Episode: Everyone Hates Mornings...

Okay I'm done with this and yes the title changed!!!! Who cares!!! This is more an emotional
chapter than anything I tried my best and that's all I can do. I know I promised a long 
chapter but instead decided to split them into two so as to give me more time for 
corrections. Again Thanks!!!! ANY COMMENTS or Flames send to ZanakinAK@aol.com. I am always 
glad to hear from readers whether good or not. Thanks Zanakin 

                      



