     Looking to his Grandfather for guidance, Tenchi was surprised to find a
worried look overcasting Yosho's normally calm and collected visage.  He had
never seen him so visibly stressed before, and a bad feeling began to well
up in the pit of his stomach.  Ryoko squeezed his hand gently and pointed up
at the sky, where the ship was beginning to lower and settle above the
water.  Washu and Sasami shared a knowing look with one another, then went
back to observing the alien vessel, its engines humming softly and rippling
the waters beneath its ornate hull.
     Something began to materialize in front of them, and everyone held
their breath as they waited to see what or who would show up.  At last, a
form began to be discerned, that of a tall, elegant woman with delicate,
slender features and a soft, easy smile.  Her long purple hair was held back
in a flattering style, and the single amethyst she wore suspended on her
forehead contrasted nicely with her smooth, milky-white skin.  She was
holding an elaborate nine-stringed baliset in her arms, and she nodded in
greeting to them all.
     "I apologize for arriving at such a late hour, and without previous
notice" said the woman with a smile.  "I am Mai-Lyn, bard to the court of
his majesty, Emperor Azusa of Jurai.  I am here at the behest of the
Princess Sasami, to help in any way that I can with the recovery of her
sister, First princess and Empress Apparent of Jurai.  I am honored to meet
all of you at last."
     "Yep, definitely Juraian" mumbled Ryoko softly.  "Overdressed,
arrogant, and long-winded."  She held Tenchi a little closer, confident in
his loyalty to her but slightly jealous all the same.  Like all Juraian
women, Mai-Lyn had a certain otherworldly perfection about her features, and
she resented her eyes on her husband.
     "And let's not forget our perfect hearing" said Mai-Lyn wryly, raising
a brow at Ryoko.  Ryoko blushed and looked down with a little embarrassment.
  Mai-Lyn chuckled and stepped forward, laying a gentle hand on Ryoko's
shoulder.  Ryoko looked up at her with surprise and wonder.
     "Unlike many in the Imperial Court, I have a sense of humor" said
Mai-Lyn, patting her gently.  "I'm guessing you are Ryoko, then?  Ayeka
spoke of you a great deal when she visited the homeworld."  Ryoko was about
to say something predictable, but Tenchi interruped her quickly.
     "We're pleased to meet you, Mai-Lyn" he said, looking over quickly
at Ryoko and gulping when she gave him a glare.  "I'm Tenchi Masaki, and
this is my wife Ryoko."
     Mai-Lyn smiled and nodded.  "I know who you are, Lord Tenchi.  Ayeka
spoke of you as well, and quite at length I might add.  She did not mention
that you were married, however."
     "That..well..um..that's..a long story" he managed, starting to feel
guilty again over the state of Ayeka.  Mai-Lyn looked at him a while, then
nodded her head.
     "Indeed" said Mai-Lyn, no hint of emotion on her face.  She turned to
Ryoko and looked into her eyes, seeming to seek something there.  Then, at
last, she smiled and nodded.  "My compliments, Lady Ryoko, on securing such
a fine and handsome husband."
     Tenchi blushed at her words, and Ryoko returned her smile.  "I can tell
you're a woman of taste" she said, kissing Tenchi's cheek.  "I think we're
going to be friends."
     "I hope so" said Mai-Lyn, not unsincerely.  She turned then and
introduced herself to Washu, then kneeled and embraced Sasami warmly.
Mai-Lyn smiled at her and kissed her forehead, then took her hand in hers.
     "I got here as soon as I could, sweetheart" said Mai-Lyn.  "You're a
good sister to Ayeka, Sasami, but I don't want you to worry about her.
She'll be fine, all right?  Please remember that."
     Sasami nodded, beginning to tear up.  Washu put her arm around Sasami's
shoulders and kissed her head, passing a look at Mai-Lyn that let her know
she'd be well taken care of.  Grandpa, however, still looked very nervous
and uncomfortable, and Mai-Lyn had yet to introduce herself to him.  At
last, Grandpa cleared his throat and looked at them all in turn.
     "Why don't all of you go inside and get some rest?" he said.  "I'll
assist Mai-Lyn with her room and luggage."  No one did anything for a
moment, and then Washu gestured to Tenchi and Ryoko to follow her and Sasami
inside.  Tenchi looked over at his Grandfather in concern, but he did not
return his glance.
     When they were back inside, Grandpa dropped his disguise and revealed
his youthful self to Mai-Lyn.  She looked at him and smiled slightly,
holding on to the neck of her baliset.  Grandpa smiled back hesitantly, but
had a hard time meeting her eyes.
     "Thank you for coming, Mai-Lyn" he said nervously, continuing to look
at the ground.  "I would have talked to Ayeka myself, but...I really did not
feel that I had any right to try and ease the pain in a woman's heart. I.."
     "Why didn't you take me with you, Yosho?" she interrupted softly.
Grandpa looked away and sighed, hanging his head.  He walked over to the
edge of the dock and sat with his legs folded, looking out over the water.
Mai-Lyn continued to wait for an answer.
     "Politics, Mai-Lyn" he said at last.  "The ignorant, backwards politics
of our people.  No matter how much I loved you, my father would never allow
his heir apparent to marry a commoner.  And I wanted nothing to do with a
world that cold..a world I knew you loved, but didn't have the heart to take
you away from."
     Mai-Lyn went over and sat beside him, laying her baliset near her feet.
  She took his hand in hers and squeezed it gently.  He looked at her for a
moment, then went back to staring at the moonlight on the waters.
     "I think sometimes about how I was back then" she said at last, "so
young and full of love for you.  I would have followed you anywhere, Yosho.
And even though I knew we could never be together on Jurai, I didn't care
about what your family or mine would have thought.  The only thing I knew
was that I loved you.  All I wanted was to be by your side."
     "I know that now, Mai-Lyn" he said at last.  "I regret not asking you
what you wanted.  I was headstrong and foolish, and a day hasn't gone by
that I haven't thought about you on Jurai, wondering if you were still
waiting for me, or hating me.  Please forgive me, if you can."
     Mai-Lyn, reached up and caressed his cheek, making him close his eyes.
She leaned in and gave him a tender kiss, running her fingers around his
ear.  He went rigid at first, but he began to slowly ease into the kiss,
finding the taste of her just as sweet as it was in the summer of their
youth, thousands of years ago.
     She drew away at last and smiled, standing and offering her hand to
help him up.  He looked up at her in confusion but took her hand, rising up
alongside her.  She took his other hand in hers and held them tight, looking
up into his eyes.
     "I forgave you centuries ago, Yosho" she said.  "I was angry and
heartbroken for a long time, but I learned to forgive you.  I found solace
in my music, and through it I learned to feel again.  I gave all of my love
to it, and to all of the students in my care.  I don't spend time regretting
my life, or what happened between you and me.  So please Yosho, don't spend
any of yours doing it either."
     Yosho let her words sink into him, and at last he smiled and nodded
gently.  She smiled back and dropped one of his hands, then walked with him
along the stone pathways surrounding the shrine.  They stopped at his
spaceship tree and looked up at all of the hanging prayers that were gently
swaying in the evening breeze.  She smiled and touched the trunk, feeling
its health and power through her hand,
     "This place really has been good for the two of you" she said.  "Funaho
told me everything, Yosho.  I've seen all of the good and comfort you've
brought to the people here, and all I can say is that I'm proud to know you,
Yosho.  And I'm proud to be your friend."
     Yosho smiled at that, reaching up and adjusting one of the prayers that
had become snagged.  "It was always one of my hopes that you'd say that one
day, Mai-Lyn.  Being a priest eases my heart, and I'm glad that I can give
people a little hope and faith for the future."
     She smiled again, watching him go about his duties.  "Perhaps you'd be
willing to add a couple of prayers of mine to the others, then" she said
softly, a hint of shyness in her tone.
     "I would" he said, smiling.  "What would they be?"
     She smiled, looking at him intently.  "Let the first be for Ayeka, that
her heart might be eased."  She squeezed his hand gently.  "And let the
other be for us, that we never lose each other again."
     Yosho touched her face gently and smiled.  "I guarantee that they will
be answered, old love."
     The pair hurried back together then, hand in hand, just as the sun
began its journey back from beyond the distant mountains.  They had
thousands of years of catching up to do.
