                                 Gene Mesaki Saga Part V
                                "The Castle Of Apocalypse"


Tenchi got no sleep through the entire night. He felt sorry for Washu
and especially that he slapped her. He was lying down thinking that
he misses something. * It sure is quiet in the mornings without
Ryoko. I guess I kind of miss her cute face in the mornings. What
does this mean though? Will I marry Aeka now? * Tenchi was
thinking to himself.

He slowly got up and picked up his towel “Well since I can’t sleep
I’ll go check on Washu. Hopefully I can cheer her up” Tenchi said
as he walked out of his room and to the bathroom.

“Gene wake up. Wake up Gene” Sesami said getting louder and
louder. She started to shake him.

Gene slowly faced Sesami and opened his eyes very slowly with
a great big smile. “Hi baby. I slept so well” He looked at Sesamis
upset face and his eyes opened up wide. “What’s wrong?” Then
he sat up.

“We did a very bad thing last night Gene” Sesami said as she
started to cry.

“Oh no. Did I hurt you Sesami?” Gene said with a worried look.

“No not from that thing. Yesterday was a horrible day and all we
did was have sex!” Sesami slowly moved closer to Gene and into
his chest while he grabbed her tightly.

“Sesami there is nothing we could have done. We had to have it..”
Gene said. Then he got interrupted.

“WHAT?” Sesami madly said. “You’re obsessed with it aren’t you?
That’s why you were with Washu and Kyone. I bet as soon as
you saw Mihoshi you were thinking about having sex with her too.
I bet you wanted those great big breasts as soon as you saw them!.”

“So what if I did? I can live without sex.” Gene said angrily. Sesami
broke away from the hug and she got up. “Look it was the best thing
we could have done. You think that if we both lied down thinking
about Ryoko and Ryo-ohki would have helped us sleep?”

“I guess you’re right. But what do you mean that you thought
about Mihoshi?” Sesami questioned Gene. Then she sat at the
end of the bed. Crossing her arms. “You weren’t with her too
were you?”

Gene starts to laugh loudly “BWAHAHA No Sesami, I did
not have sex with Mihoshi. But all this talking about sex is turning
me on BIG TIME.” Gene said, he let out a little growl and he
jumped towards Sesami like a cat. “Mmm this is more like it.”

Gene slowly moved down for a kiss and Sesami started to giggle
then she said “Ahh you crazy freak”

Tenchi rushed back into his room and changed into clean clothes.
He walked out of his room and walked down the hallway. He
walked by Gene and Sesamis room and all he heard was them
Meowing at each other. * That’s all they do. They have sex day
and night. I wonder how Ryoko would have been * Tenchi
thought. Then he put his right hand on his forehead and shook
his head.

“Ok here we go” Tenchi said as he saw Washus room door. He
gently knocked then grabbed the door knob. He slowly turned
the knob and opened the door. “Little Washu?” Tenchi quietly
said.

Tenchi slowly looked inside and he was shocked. It was a normal
room. No lab but just a room. He saw Washu sitting on her bed
with her back to the door. It looked like she was hugging
something.

“That’s number 2 Tenchi.” Washu slowly said with an upset voice.
Then she threw the little doll that she was hugging onto her pillow.

Tenchi looked at the doll and he saw that it was a figure of Ryoko.
He closed the door and walked toward Washu.

“Stop Tenchi. I don’t want you to see me like this” Washu said.
She started to cry out.

Tenchi didn’t even listen to her. He walked over and sat to the left
of Washu. He looked by her feet and saw a picture of a baby with
pink eyes and blonde hair.

“That was my baby boy that I lost. I didn’t even have enough
time to name him” Washu said looking at the picture on the
floor.

“I’m sorry Washu.” Tenchi said. Then he put his right arm around
Washu and brought her into him for a hug. She put her head on his
chest and started to cry.

“I’m cursed Tenchi. When ever I have a child I always lose my
baby. I know that I created Ryoko in a lab but she was still my
child”  Washu said as she raised her head looking at Tenchis
upset face. “Tenchi did you ever love Ryoko? Will you marry
Aeka now?”

“I’m not sure Washu. I love you as much as I love Aeka or Ryoko.
I guess that fate will tell who I will marry.” Tenchi said.

“You love me?” Washu said in total shock. “But what about all
those times when you masturbating in bed about Aeka?”

Tenchi giggled and said “I was sleeping Washu”

“BREAKFAST IS READY!” Mihoshi loudly said over the
speakers.

“Well let’s get going now” Tenchi said and he started to rub up
and down Washus right shoulder.

“Go on without me” Washu said. She slowly started to move
away from Tenchi.

“Ah give me a break Washu. You can’t starve yourself. You’re
coming, and that’s that!” Tenchi said with a smile. He picked up
the picture and placed it by the doll. Then he stood in front of
Washu and stuck out his hand.

She looked at it. Then she grabbed his hand and he helped her
up.

At the breakfast table the food was set. Nobuyuki was sitting
there drinking shot after shot of sucke. His eyes started to turn
blood shot red. Yosho watched him in amazement and he started
to laugh. Washu and Tenchi walked into the room and looked at
all the upset faces. Sesamis head was on Genes shoulder and he
just stared at the food.

Washu looked at the table and there was a seat by Tenchis
seat and a seat by Mihoshis. She started to move toward the
seat by Mihoshi but then Tenchi put his hand on Washus
shoulder.

“You need to sit beside me Washu” Tenchi said to Washu.

She looked over her shoulder at Tenchi and nodded her head.
Aeka disliked Tenchis invitation but she knew that Washu was
no competition. In the inside she was upset to lose such a great
friend but in a way she was happy that Tenchi will be hers.

Every one started to eat their food and Gene looked around.
“Eh Miss Washu. Isn’t there a way you can bring back Ryoko
and Ryo-ohki? With your intellect I would think that it would be
easy” Gene nervously said with sweat dropping of his face. * I
hope that I didn’t just upset her by saying that * He thought.

Everyone paused and stopped eating especially Aeka. Her eyes
opened widely and she stared at Washu to see what her answer
would be.

Washu stopped staring at her food and eating it. She slowly
smiled and looked up at Gene. “You don’t have to call me Miss
Washu” She stopped smiling and said “You see when I made
Ryoko and Ryo-ohki, I created them too well.”

“Eh what?” Gene confusingly said.

“Hmm ok well. I made them so well that they were born with
souls. Normally that’s impossible but I was able to do that. If
they weren’t made so well then I would have no problem bringing
them back. Plus our little friend Satan has put them beyond my
reach.” Washu paused and picked up her chop sticks. She stared
at it said “I guess I’m too smart for my own good”

No one said another word. Gene took a big gulp and grabbed
Nobuyukis sucke bottle. Then he drank the entire bottle in one
quick sip.

Yosho who never stopped eating . Put down his chop sticks by
his table and took in a deep breath.

“I know that I am not allowed to say this but whatever.
There is a way we can bring back Ryoko. The Fountain Of
Wonders can do it, but there is a evil guardian protecting the
fountain.” Yosho said as he took a sip of green tea.

“Ohh yes, I know about the Fountain. My grandfather used to tell
me great stories about the Fountain.” Mihoshi said with and excited
voice.

“Are you sure that it’s the Fountain Of Wonders Mihoshi?” Kyone
asked her partner.

“Yes, I am a hundred percent sure of it” Mihoshi said.

Aeka whose face was red by now was starting to pop veins in her
forehead. “THAT’S NOT TRUE. There is no such thing. The
Fountain is a myth” Aeka screamed. “Have you ever seen the
Fountain Yosho?”

“No but I know that there is a fountain” Yosho said.

“HOW do you know?” Aeka demanded to know.

Everyone awaited Yoshos answer. He said “I died once when I
was younger. But my father was able to bring me back. He had
his General and their armies. They fought the guardian and hundreds
of men died fighting. Only my father survived and his General.”
Yosho took another sip of green tea. “My fathers General was
Mihoshis great, great grand father.”

“Wow so it is true what my grand father told me. His grand father
must have told him when he was a child.” Mihoshi said.

“That’s great so why don’t we go there?” Tenchi asked Yosho.

“When ever the Fountain is used. It moves” Yosho said.

“What do you mean it moves” Tenchi asked.

“If it stays in one place then people can return to it. So when
the guardian is killed and the wishes are made. The Fountain
moves to another place, and a new guardian is born. Twice as
powerful as the last one.”

“So we are in trouble” Tenchi said.

“No we are not. Legends say that there is a man that knows
where the Fountain moves to. An immortal with great powers.”
Yosho said.

“How will we find him?” Kyone asked.

“We will land on the nearest planet that belongs to Jurai and I
will contact my father.” Yosho voice started to change.

Gene looked a bit confused and then he looked at Sesami.
“Sounds like fun Eh Sesami?” He said to her. But she wasn’t
paying attention. Gene looked at Sesamis eyes and he saw that
she was staring at something. There was drool coming down her
lip and of her chin. * What is she looking at? * Gene thought.

He looked at the direction of where she was looking. He
couldn’t believe his eyes but Sesami was staring at Mihoshi.
* She is staring at Mihoshis breasts, her skin is boiling hot and
I can feel her heart pounding from here *

* Wow I never realized how beautiful Mihoshi is. Those hazel
blue eyes, her blonde hair, that golden brown tan, and those
breasts. Ohh my god , those breasts are spectacular. I’m jealous
that they are bigger than mine but they are so beautiful * Sesami
examined every move Mihoshi made. She kept on thinking not
noticing anything. * The happier Mihoshi gets the more excited she
gets. And the more Excited she gets the harder her nipples get.
Mmm that amazing tongue of hers. I bet that her pussy hairs must
be blonde too * Mihoshi drank some soup and then she licked her
lips. Sweat started to fall of Sesamis forehead. Sesami licked her
lips and felt her own heart pounding blood faster and faster through
her body. * Ohh Mmm I want her. I need her so bad. Gene made
a very good choice. She is just like me, so innocent. *

“Hey you listening?” Gene shouted into Sesamis ear.

Sesami shook her head and looked at Gene. She was bring pink
from blushing and said. “Yeah the Fountain Of Wonders”

“What will we do about the guardian?” Tenchi worriedly said.

“Hmm I guess that he might cause a little problem. But back then
they where very week. The armies my father had where average
humans.” Yosho calmly said.

“Are you sure about this?” Washu asked.

“Yes with your technology there is no chance we can loose”
Yosho assured her. “Even Nobuyuki will seem like a God”

“Yeah! sounds GOOD!!!!!!!!!!” Nobuyuki said as he passed
out.

“What’s this mans name and where do we find him?” Kyone
asked.

“We will find him at The Castle Of Apocalypse” Yosho said.
“We go find him at his fortress, but this man knows virtually
everything so his fortress has many traps” Yosho said. “We also
have to find the newest General because only he knows the
coordinates. My father doesn’t even know. The information
is handed down from General to General.”

“Ok the closest planet under Juraian rule is Planet Spade”
Kyone said.

“Ok that is where we will land” Yosho said.

They landed on this amazing planet with technology millions of
years ahead of humans. The people on that planet look like humans
but they have gills behind their pointy ears and they have 4 arms.

“Ok I will go to city hall and contact my father.” Yosho said. “I
want to go alone. Sorry Miss Aeka”

“It’s all right but hurry back” Aeka replied.

Yosho walked out of the ship and he got directions. Then he took
a hover taxi to city hall. Meanwhile the rest of the gang were in the
ship watching Mihoshis favorite TV show.

“You know I am really beginning to like this show” Gene said.
“How about you Hun?” He said to Sesami.

“Yes I am beginning to like her to” Sesami said looking at Mihoshi.

“ It seems like someone’s body heat is rising very quickly,
who would have guessed that Sesami likes to play both ways”
Washu quietly said to her self with a selfish smile.

Gene looked at Sesami, then Mihoshi and then he realized that
Washu was checking out Sesami. “I can’t take this no more!!”
He shouted out. He looked around and everyone was watching
him. “Ehh I’m going to go out for a walk, anyone want to join
me?”

Everyone was totally quiet. “I’ll come with you” Tenchi said.
“There is too much heat in this room”

* Hahaha I think Tenchi knows that it’s getting hot in her because
of Sesami * Gene thought. “Pssst hey Sesami you better cool off
before everyone figures out that the heat is coming from you”

Sesami froze in shock as she looked at Gene. “It’s that obvious
Gene? Ok I’ll go and get a drink then” Then Sesami got up and
walked towards the kitchen.

In the City Hall Yosho was talking on the phone with the Juraian
General. “So you are new? Yes that’s right I am Yosho and I need
your help. That’s fantastic I’m on the planet Spade. No we already
have a ship. I’m at the main city hall. 2 hours? Ok see you here.
Thank you very much” Yosho put down the phone. * 2 hours to
spend. I guess that I will take a look around. These are a bunch
of fascinating creatures * Yosho walked outside the City Hall
and headed towards this great big mall located very close to
where he was.

“This is it, this is the greatest mall on our planet” The cab driver
said.

“Thank you” Tenchi said as he gave the driver money and he got
out of the mall with Gene. They stood on the sidewalk looking
at the malls in amazement.

“Geez would you look at this, I have never seen anything like this
before, not even on Earth” Gene said as he looked up.

“Now didn’t I ask for no one to follow me?” Yosho said as he put
his hands on both , Tenchi and Genes’ shoulders.

“Hey Grandpa” Tenchi said “ We weren’t following you”

“I know, now let’s all go inside and get a drink!” Gene said.

They walked inside and found a escalator to the top where all the
bars are. They went into this elegant place and sat at the bar.

As soon as Yosho sat down, 2 female Spadians sat on each side
of him not giving Tenchi or Gene enough time to sit.

“God your handsome” One of them said, wearing a red tank top.
“I am Muy”

“We love Juraians” The other one said wearing a baby blue tank
top, “and I am Mia”

“Would you look at them Tenchi” Gene said to Tenchi. They both
sat down on a table and watched their Grandfather playing around
with 2 very attractive females. “What are they? 34-24-34?”

“What does that mean?” Tenchi asked.

“Ha your lucky I’m your brother” Gene said looking at Tenchi as
he blushed. “Ok 34 chest, 24 waist and 34 butt. It means a perfect
shape. And that’s what they are. Plus they have 4 hands”

“So?” Tenchi asked.

“Damn it Tenchi why don’t you just get laid?” Gene said. “Sorry
man I nearly got pissed for no reason. Ok normally when a girl
sucks you dick it’s called a blow job. She uses 2 hands and
her mouth. Just Imagine if she used 4 HANDS”

“Wow, they suck your dick?” Tenchi looked into space with
his mouth open while Gene ordered 2 drinks.

Gene looked at Yosho and he saw the woman touching and
feeling him all over. “Look how cool he is acting, at his age
he still has it” Gene said.

After 5 minutes of watching Yosho having fun the drinks came.
“Thanks” Tenchi said. “Gene could you go me a favor? Teach
me all you know about, Ehh sex?”

“Sure Tenchi” Gene said as he took a sip. “Let me start of with the
Karma Sutra. The first position is doggy style........”

1 Hour and 55 minutes later.

“And that is all 5 Hundred and 50 positions” Gene said as he
finished of his 25th Bacardi and Coke.

Tenchi took a sip and said “Wow Gene, so 69 is a position after
all. I looked kind of silly in school not knowing that.”

“Yeah but how many guys from your school have a princess and
a pirate in love with them?” Gene said with a great big smile. “It’s
funny because both of them want to fuck your brains out.”

Tenchi was just about to smile, but then Yosho looked at the clock
on the wall a yelled out “Oh no, guys we better get going, the
General will be here soon. Sorry girls”

“AHHH no, it’s no fair” Mia and Muy said with sad faces.

Yosho laughed and said “Don’t worry Ladies, as long as I have your
numbers I’ll be back.” Yosho got  hugs and kisses then paid for the
drinks. The Mesaki family quickly left the mall and headed towards
city hall.

Inside city hall Yosho asked the lady at the front desk if she had
seen the General of Jurai here, and she told him that he was waiting
for him on the roof. They all go into the elevators and headed for
the roof.

On the roof you could see virtually most of the city since they where
a couple hundred floors high. “I think that could be him” Yosho said.

He looked over at this man standing straight, with green army uniform.
He was kind of unusual for a General because he had hair to the
bottom of his neck. Gene and Tenchi where behind him as Yosho
walked towards the General.

“General?” Yosho said in a serious voice.

The man turned around and faced Yosho. “You must be..”

“Yosho will be fine” Yosho said as he interrupted the young man.
“You are?”

“My name is Kai. It’s an honor to meet you” Kai said.

“Thank you, you seem a bit young to be a General?” Yosho said.

“I’m much older than I seem. You know it’s Jurai’s special
water” Kai said in a funny voice. Then they both started to laugh.

“Hmm Tenchi I think we should just wait here” Gene said. They
where standing around 50 feet away from them.

Tenchi was a bit drunk and he couldn’t focus very well. “Why
does that guy seem to be so familiar?” Tenchi said.

“Don’t ask me man” Gene said.

“I see blonde hair, what color are his eyes?” Tenchi asked.

“With hair like that you could be spotted from miles away” Gene
said. “ I can’t see his eyes but they are coming this way”

“And these are my 2 Grandsons, Tenchi and Gene” Yosho said
as he guided their way to Gene and Tenchi.

“Nice to meet you, I’m Gene.” Gene said politely as he shook Kai’s
hand. “Wow, pink eyes? That must be a killer with the ladies!”

* PINK EYES? * Tenchi thought to himself. “I’m Tenchi” He said.

“Nice to meet you, I am Kai” Kai replied with a smile.

“Wait a second I know where I saw your picture. I saw it this
morning framed in Washus’ room.” Tenchi said.

“What’s that?” Kai replied.

“Oh my God you must be Washus’ son.” Tenchi said.

“You know Washu?” Kai asked as he looked at Yosho.

“Yes that’s right she is traveling with us.” Yosho said to Kai in a
serious voice.

“Mother???” Kai said as he stuttered.

Gene started laughing out loud. Then he said “This is hilarious!!”
“Wait does she look like this?” Kai pulled out a picture and
handed it to Gene.

“Yes that’s her, it’s he older form but it’s her all right.” Gene
said looking a bit drowsy.

Kai looked absolutely shocked “This is all so strange to me, my
father raised me saying that my mother died.” Then Kai shook
his head in disbelieve.

“Then you would want to hear about your sister.” Gene said as
Tenchi passed out. ”CRAP” Gene shouted as he grabbed
Tenchi and put him over his shoulder.

“Come with us and you’ll see your mother” Yosho said.

Then Kai happily agreed as they stepped into the elevator to the
lobby floor. There was total silence in the ride down. Kai was
starting to get angry which was noticeable by his red face.

“Huh??” Gene thought as he looked at Kai. “What’s the long
face for?”

“I just can’t believe my father lied to me all these years.” Kai
replied.

“Well don’t worry about, you have one of the nicest and defiantly
the smartest mothers in the world!” Gene said with a smile.

Kai generously smiled back. They got outside and got a cab. Then
Kai remembered that they had to visit someone.

“So are you ready to see all knowing?” Yosho asked.

“Wait a second, doesn’t Kai know the coordination’s? Why do
we have to see this guy?” Gene said in a confused way.

“I only know the first coordination, he knows the end part.” Kai
replied.

“But why all this security?” Gene asked.

Kai was just about answer but Yosho spoke first. “Well Gene
imagine that a total  psycho went to the fountain and wished to be
God. That would virtually be the end for all of us. Unlimited power”

“Hmm” Gene said as he started to think.

“Don’t get any ideas” Yosho seriously said.

“I was wondering why no one ever went there as wished
for peace in the universe.” Gene said.

There was silence in the cab for about 5 minutes. “Well I guess
no one has thought of that before.” Kai replied.

“There would be no fun if there was peace any way.” Gene said
with a smile.

“That’s not funny.” Yosho said as he looked at Gene. Then he
looked out and the cab stopped. “Ah we are here!”

Kai paid the cab drive and said to Yosho. “Do you mind if I wait
here until you call out my mother?”

Giving to time for Yosho to answer, Gene said to Kai “Nonsense!
If you wait in her room it would be more fun” Gene walked up the
stairs into the space ship and he accidentally hit Tenchis head on the
wall entering. “Opps sorry!”

“What’s going on?? Tenchi said as he rubbed his head.

They walked inside until they got into the cargo where the house
was located. “I’ll take Tenchi to the living room and tell Washu
that there is a secret for her.” Gene said to Yosho.

“Washu doesn’t have a room upstairs” Yosho said.

“Take him to Tenchis room?” Gene replied as he walked towards
the living room.

“OH NO LORD TENCHI!!!” Aeka said. Gene lied Tenchi down
on the couch. “You monster what did you do to him!!” Aeka ran
into the kitchen to get a glass of water.

Gene didn’t pay attention to Aeka. He looked at Washu and said
“Washu there is a surprise for you in Tenchis room” Gene said
it with a great big smile from ear to ear.

“I don’t want it” Washu replied.

“Trust me Miss Washu you would love this present” Yosho
said.

Washu thought for a while then she smiled and said “OKAY!
Just because you said it so nicely. But please Yosho don’t
call me Miss Washu. It’s little Washu”

* Crazy, everyone is hitting on Yosho today. * Gene thought
as he watched Aeka pouring water into Tenchis mouth. “Hey
shouldn’t he be awake?” He looked at the T.V and saw that
there was the same show that was on when he left. “ And
isn’t that the same show too?”

Washu walked up the stairs wondering what could be in the
room. Then she opened the door and looked at the man standing
by the bed. She didn’t realize who it was. * Why does he look
so familiar? * Washu thought.

“Are you Washu?” Kai asked.

“Yes?” Washu confusingly replied.

“Aren’t you a bit young?” Kai said, he was getting ready to
burst into tears.

“Here” Washu said as she warped into her older form. “This
better?”

“Washu, It’s me Kai your son!” Kai replied.

Washu was speechless. She ran towards him and he opened
his arms. They started to cry. Washu looked at him and wiped
of his tears. “I thought I lost you forever!! Kai, my son, Kai”
Washu said as she started to cry again.

“I wanted to look for you but father said that you died giving me
birth. He never talked about you.” Kai said. He tried to hold his
tears back because Generals don’t cry, but this was and
exception. “I never thought that I would see you. Now I know
why my eyes are pink.”

“Your so handsome Kai. Such a wonderful name” Washu said
as she looked at him. “I would have never guessed that you
would become a General for Jurai.”

“Well with my fathers skills and your brains I was the best growing
up. The best at everything.” Kai said. “But I always wanted to
blow up the universe for no reason”

“SON!!!!” Washu said. “I always wanted to blow up the universe.
Please tell me everything about you.”

They both sat at the bed and Kai started to talk about his life
growing up.

“So what’s this secret?” Mihoshi asked Gene.

“MIHOSHI!! It’s a secret! It’s none of you business” Kyone
said.

“But Kyone” Mihoshi replied in a upset voice. “I just wanted to
ask”

“I guess we can tell them” Gene said as he looked at Yosho.
Yosho nodded in approval. “We found Washus son.”

“WHAT?” Aeka said, she spilled that ice cold water on Tenchi.

“Damn it Aeka!” Tenchi yelled.

“Lord Tenchi your awake!” Aeka said as she wiped the water
of his face with her dresses sleeve. Then when his face was dry
she gently stroked the side of his face. “I’m sorry.”

Tenchi started to get turned on thinking about what Gene said in
the bar while he felt the princesses soft hands touch his face.
He started to make a tent in his pants. Tenchi realized it and said
“It’s ok. Thank you for the water.” Then he blushed.

“Enough please.” Kyone demanded. “What this about Washus
son?”

“Well the General  is Kai, which is Washus son.” Gene said.

Mihoshi started to cry because she was so happy. “That’s so
beautiful!”

“Now don’t cry Mihoshi. Come here.” Gene said as he opened
his arms.

Mihoshi came into Gene arms and started to cry “Thank you
Gene. He is upstairs now?” Mihoshi said crying on his shoulder.

“Yes!” Gene said with a sinister smile. He looked at Sesami and
saw that she was watching them. “That’s right.”

* Bastard. I’ll show him tonight. The toys Washu made will
come in handy. * Sesami thought.

Mihoshi looked up at Genes face and smiled. “You know
Sesami is very lucky to have you.” Mihoshi said. “I wish
I can find a man like you.” Then she started to cry again.

“In time Mihoshi. Any man to have you must be really, really
lucky. Trust me.” Gene said.

“Oh Gene” Mihoshi replied.

“Everyone! Listen up.” Washu said. She came downstairs. The
group looked at Washu and Mihoshi stopped crying, but Gene
was still hugging her. “This is my son Kai”

Kai stepped up from behind Washu. He waved at everyone and
said. “Hi everyone.”

Kyone dropped her glass of Juice and started to blush. Everyone
quickly got up and walked towards Kai.

“Hello. I am Sesami, Aekas little sister and Genes future wife”
Sesami happily said. “Nice to meet you.” Kai shook hands with
Sesami and greeted her back.

“I am Aeka, you know who I am.” Aeka said as she rushed back
to Tenchi.

“I am First Class Officer Mihoshi from the Galaxy police!”
Mihoshi replied with an officers salute.

“Hello Officer Mihoshi.” Kai said as he saluted back.

“I am First Class Officer Kyone, Mihoshis partner.” Kyone
said with a little blush. Then she saluted Kai.

“Ah Yes I know exactly who you are Officer Kyone.” Kai
replied with a salute.

“You do?” Kyone said. She was really happy but also really
amazed.

“Yes you are a Legend in the Galaxy police. Well until you
disappeared to Earth without a word.” Kai said as he smiled.

“Well that’s long story. I’d love to tell you it sometime” Kyone
said. Then Sesami called her to the kitchen.

Kai walked over and sat next to Gene. “So Gene tell me about
yourself. Your very interesting, I have never met someone with
so much energy in him. However there is something dark about
you.”

Gene looked at Kai in amazement. “Your one hell of a guy.
O.k. Kai. I was born with a disease, like normally I would
look like monster because of this one in a trillion disease.”
Gene said with a smile.

“How interesting.” Kai replied. “Like what type of monster?”

“I don’t know maybe a vampire or a ghost, I don’t really know.”
Gene replied.

“I see please carry on.” Kai asked.

“After our mother died I decided to run away.” Gene got
serious now. “I couldn’t live on so I sold my soul to the
devil. You see with my virus and my soul sold to the devil
I would have made the perfect Leader in the war for
Hell Vs Heaven.”

“Heaven Vs Hell?” Kai said in a shocked voice. “Amazing!”

“Yeah, Satan is really mad at me. He still wants me” Gene
replied.

“That is very strange.” Kai said as he started to rub his chin.

“I even have a ability to transform.” Gene said. Then took the
glass of suke from the table. “I’ll show it to you sometime.”

“I am sorry to interrupt but Kai could you tell us how to get to
The Castle Of Apocalypse?” Yosho said.

“Of course, I’ll see you later Gene.” Kai got up and bowed at
Gene then he left with Yosho to the kitchen to pick up Kyone.

“Miss Kyone, it’s time to go now.” Yosho asked her.

“Ok I will meet you in the cockpit.” Kyone replied with a smile
as she looked at Kai.

Yosho and Kai headed to the cockpit, then Yosho said. “I see
that Miss Kyone has taken a liking to you.”

Kai blushed and rubber the back of his head. “Well she is a very
cute girl.”

“Yes and she isn’t taken” Yosho said as he smiled. “Not yet”

Back in the living room Gene was sitting on a couch thinking
until Sesami came to bother him. “Gene, what are you doing?”
Sesami said as she crossed her arms.

“Nothing honey.” Gene replied with a smile.

“Yeah right.” Sesami said as she sat beside him. “I saw you
hitting on Mihoshi!”

“Yeah but, but, but” Gene started to stutter. “Hold on it was
you who nearly got an orgasm thinking about her breasts.”

Sesamis face turned bright pink. She looked at the floor and
said. “How were you able to tell?”

“I know you well enough.” Gene said. He moved closer to
Sesami and lifted her chin with his left hand. Then he moved
in for a kiss.

“This is the cockpit.” Yosho said as the door opened to the
control room. He looked at the seat and saw that Kyone
was already there. “How where you able to get here first?”

“Well this is my ship and there are many short cuts.” Kyone
replied. “Now should we get going?”

“Right. The planet we are going to is in the Akara system.
Do you know where that is?” Kai asked Kyone.

“I am after all the best Galaxy Police Officer in the Universe.
Right?” Kyone said as she winked at Kai. “I will put it on
Automatic control. It will take exactly 24 hours for us to get
there. That means we can get dinner and sleep to refresh
all our energy, and maybe enough time to have breakfast
in the morning.”

“Wow” Kai quietly said to himself. He cleared this throat
and started to speak up “I mean where will I be staying?”

“You can take Tenchis room, and he can sleep in Nobuyukis
room.” Yosho replied.

Time passed quickly as dinner time came. Everyone gathered
around the dinner table. Kai sat next to Washu and he started
to hear about Ryoko, at first he was kind of shocked to have
a half-sister and a half-sister bunny rabbit.

After the amazing dinner Tenchi quickly ran up to his room and
changed the sheets in his room. Then he took some of his blankets
to Nobuyukis room for the next couple of nights. Sesami also
rushed to her room to prepare for the night.

“I wonder why she ran of so fast?” Gene asked himself. He looked
at his million yen watch. “I guess it’s bed time. Good night
everyone” Gene shouted at the top of his voice. “Nice to meet you
Kai.” He ran up the stairs and into his room that he shares with
Sesami.

Gene opened the door and went through. Then he looked it when
he got inside. He looked at the bed and saw Sesami lying down in
a position that she was holding her knees. Gene laid down next
to her. He put his arm around her and said “Oh Sesami please
don’t be upset at me.”

“I’m not Gene” Sesami said as she stretched her legs out and
turned around to see Gene face to face. She opened Genes
arms and spread them towards the corners of the bed. She
started to slowly kiss Gene.

* YES!!!!!!! * Gene thought to himself.

~~~~~~~~~~~~ GENES POINT OF VIEW ~~~~~~~~~~

My dick started to grow harder in seconds. Sesami was kissing
around my face. Then she slowly started to put my hands
towards the bed frame.

I didn’t realize it but Sesami was slowly pulling out hand cuffs
from under the pillows. She quickly hand cuffed me to the bed
frame.

“Sesami, honey. I don’t play this way.” I said as I was starting
to get nervous.

She looked at me with dark eyes and said. “Well Gene it’s time
to teach you a lesson. Now don’t go anywhere while I go and
change.”

Sesami kissed me on the forehead. Then she ripped off my shirt
and pulled my pants of. Now I was on the bed in handcuffs and
in my underwear. She got up and put on her robe, she took a
little black bag with her and went out of our room.

“Go and change?” I said to myself.

After 5 minutes of waiting I heard knocking on the door
and saw Tenchi open the door. “Gene I just wanted to
ask....” Tenchi said, he froze as soon as he saw me tied
up. “Maybe I’ll talk to you tomorrow. Good night.”

“Tenchi?” I said. At least he could have helped get out of
these handcuffs.

I waited another 5 minutes and Sesami finally came back into
our room. She looked at me and locked the door. Then
Sesami stood in front of the bed.

Sesami closed her eyes and started to move her waist from side
to side, like she was a stripper. She slowly started to undo her
robe and let it fall to the ground.

I could not believe my eyes. There was Sesami in black leather.
The leather was so tight that it looked like it was sown on her.
She wore black boots with high silver heels. The leather
brought her shape out perfectly. There was also a zipper where
her pussy is. I looked up and her top was cut just
around her nipples. From the looks of it her nipples
were as hard as diamonds. It was hard to tell
but I think that she was starting to get wet seeing me like
this.

“Ohh baby” I said as I grew a giant tent in my underwear.

“SHUT THE FUCK UP!!!” Sesami demanded. She put her
right hand behind her body and pulled out a long black leather
whip. “Tonight we play my way. You are my bitch! GOT IT?”

“Yeah right” I replied.

She looked at me seriously and raised the whip and quickly
pulled it back down. Her accuracy was a 100%. She was able
to whip the tip of my dick without even trying. I felt a sharp
pain. Then I looked down and saw the top of my dick was
wiped and starting to bleed a little bit.

“AH GOD DAMIT, OUCH SESAMI THAT HURT!!!” I
screamed at the top of my voice.

“I will not warn you again!” Sesami said. Came closer toward
me she kneeled down right in front of my face. She slowly
unzipped showing her pussy. Then she took the whip and put it
behind my head. She forcibly pulled my head closer to her
pussy. “Now eat me like the dog you are.” She demanded.
“Bark like a dog Gene, LIKE A DOG!!”

“WOOF, WOOF!!” I said.

“Good boy!” Sesami replied. She rubbed the top of my head.
She took her left hand and opened her pussy lips. With her
right hand she grabbed the back of my head and pulled me
closer to her pussy.

I looked carefully at her swollen wet pussy.  Sesami pushed
me close enough to lick her. I tasted her. I couldn’t believe it
but every day her juices taste better. Last time she was salty
but this time it was nice and sweet.

“LIKE A DOG!!” She shouted at me again. Then she took the
hand from her pussy away and started to squeeze my dick.

“AHH” I said, for her size she squeezed my dick hard
enough for my head to pop.

“You get me now?” Sesami said as I nodded. Then she
took her hand away and spread her pussy lips again.

So like a hungry Bulldog, I started to like her as violently
as I possibly could. She started moaning like in pleasure.
But I was trying to give her some pain too!

I took a little bite of her left pussy lip and started to move my
head from left to right. I felt like a dog tearing a piece of paper
apart. She screamed and brought my head in closer. I started
to lick harder again, but from time to time I would take little
bites and violently move my head from side to side.

I was starting to run out of energy from moving my head, but
as a finishing move. I licked, bite and sucked her pussy at the
same time causing her to shake like a animal. She reached
her climax point and started to cum all over my face.

I saw the white semen fly out of her pussy and felt the heat
on my face. I was trying to lick up as most as I could. As Sesami
cumed she led out 2 giant moans that must have woken up the
house. Luckily Washu thought ahead and made all the rooms
sound proof.

Sesami grabbed the back of my head with both her hands and
rubbed my head in her crotch. She wanted me to lick out as
much as I could.

“GOOD BOY” Sesami said as she tried to catch her breathe.
“GOOD BOY”

Sesami looked around and got off the bed. Then she grabbed
her little black bag. She pulled out a strap on dildo and she
grinned at me.

“No way you are going to use that on me Sesami no way!”
I said, the tone of my voice started to change.

“KEEP IT SHUT” Sesami said as she wiped the front of my
chest.

There was enough pain from the whip to keep me shut forever.

Sesami moved on to the bed and kneed over my thighs. She
grabbed the strap on dildo and strapped it on above my dick.
The dildo was bright pink but not as big as mine, now it was
parallel to my dick, just a few inches above mine.

“I’m not going to use this on you stupid.” She said to me.
She made on of my sinister laughs and said. “I’m going to ride
your dick and this dildo at once!!!”

She opened her zipper the full way. Which also exposed her
asshole. Then she lowered herself onto me. She guided my
dick into her asshole and the dildo into her pussy. She went
down inch by inch. Every time letting out a massive moan.

Sesami finally reached the bottom and I saw the smile on her
face. She put her hands on my shoulders and started to move
up and down at a fast pace. I watched as her tits bounced up
and down, I wanted to grab them but I couldn’t move.

The feeling of her asshole was magnificent. Hearing her moan
with every bounce, feeling her tight ass and watching her face
in total pain and happiness at once made my cum immediately.

I cumed in her ass and she felt my warm sticky semen shooting
away. I let out a little moan and was about to let out another
one, but then I looked at Sesamis face.

“WHAT DID YOU DO?” Sesami said in anger. “WHY DID
YOU CUM SO FAST? HUH?”

She closed her eyes and raised herself off me and the dildo.
She grabbed the hand cuff key of the table and started to undo
my left handcuff. I thought it would be over now, but boy was I
wrong. She took the hand cuff off the bed frame and she handcuffed
my two hands together at my right side.

“Wont you learn anything?” Sesami said in anger. “You stupid
animal!”

Then Sesami grabbed the whip and took a shot at my back.
It hurt me so much that I actually felt good, I found it strangely
erotic as I shouted out in pain.

“HARDER BITCH, HARDER!!!” I demanded it this time.

Sesami smiled at me and whipped me as hard as she could.
I left out shouts of pain followed my moans of pleasure. I felt
that my back was splitting apart. She hit me at a total of 10
times and tied me back in the starting position.

It was hard for my to lie down on my back but it was all pleasure
now. Sesami kneeled down on my thighs again and started to
rub my dick.

Instantly my dick became as hard as wood again. Then Sesami
took a piece of string and tightly tied it around the shaft of my
dick. I guessed she did that so I wouldn’t cum as fast as before.

She kneeled on top of me again but lowered herself in one quick
motion. As she took in my dick and the dildo at once she raised
her head and looked at the ceiling letting out a long and loud
moan.

Sesami put her hands on my shoulders again and quietly whispered.
“Don’t make me whip you again bitch, just hold on for the ride until
I cum first. GOT IT?” Sesami raised her voice at the end.

I nodded in acceptance and she started to ride me again. Going
faster and faster this time. She didn’t moan but she squealed a bit
like
a animal getting beaten. After 5 minutes of animal noises she
started to scream.

After I heard her scream I just wanted to cum again but I couldn’t.
The cum wouldn’t come out. Sesami realized that I was close to
cuming and told me. “Just wait Gene I’m almost there. We will
come at the same time.”

I tried to hold in my cum with help of a little string. I felt like
I was going to burst. Sesami started to take in very deep
breathes and she started to scream.

Then she raised her self and pulled the string off my dick.

“NOW GENE NOW, CUM IN ME” Sesami demanded.

Sesami lowered herself and I felt her cuming so I had no choice.
I had never cumed so much in my life. I just kept on cuming and
cuming. Sesami never stopped moving. Her pussy started to make
sucking noises and I watched white semen run down the strap on
dildo and down onto my waist.

“That was amazing Gene” Sesami said as she passed out onto
my chest.

I tried to take in deep breathes but I blacked out myself.

~~~~~~~~~~~ NORMAL POINT OF VIEW ~~~~~~~~~~

“What the fuck happened?” Gene said to himself as he slowly.
Then he started rub his face and he realized that he was free.
“Great I’m untied now.” Then he looked at his watch.
“It’s lunch time. Now where did Sesami go?”

Gene slowly got up at looked at the dry blood that ran down
his back and covered most of the bed sheets. He went into the
closet and took out a black robe and a towel. He opened the
door and slowly walked into the bathroom.

“There is so much pain. Why did she want to play that way?”
Gene said. He put both of his hands around the sink and slowly
looked up at the mirror. He slowly smiled, “But it was
extremely fun to do.” He picked up his toothbrush and go into
the shower.

“So there I was with 3 Bizarians on both my side. All I had
was a machete and they had torpedo guns in each hand.
I took my knife and bent it to a boomerang shape. Then
I did a backwards somersault and threw the knife towards
my right. The knife perfectly cut the head of the monster and
flew all the way around to my left to kill the other 2” Kai said
to Kyone on the couch. He was using his hands to show the
movements of his attack.

“So what happened?” Kyone said as she was eager to learn
more. “Where you able to catch the knife?”

“No I was not.” Kai said. Then he opened his hand. “You see
the tip of my middle finger was cut.”

“Ohh I’m so sorry to hear that.” Kyone replied making an upset
face.

“So was I.” Kai said. He looked up at Kyones face and smiled.
 “I was especially mad because it was only a training exercise.
Then Kai started to laugh.

Kyone watched Kais face expression change with laughter.
She bursts out laughing, then she put her left hand on
Kais leg and said. “Oh you silly thing.”

“Lunch is ready!” Sesami cheerfully said.

Gene got out of the shower and rushed back into his room.
He didn’t want anyone to see the giant cuts in his back.
Then he put on his boxers and a pair of long sweat pants.
He grabbed a black shirt and slowly put it on. “Ouch, damn,
Ah!” Gene kept on mumbling away as he finally pulled his
shirt down all the way. Then he walked out the door and
headed towards the stairs.

Everyone sat down around the table. Sesami was in the kitchen
thinking to herself. * I wonder if I didn’t hurt Gene too much last
night. * Then she felt 2 hands cover her eyes. “Hey what’s this?”

“Guess who?” Gene happily said. Then he took his hands away
and turned Sesami around.

“GENE!” Sesami said as she hugged him tightly.

“OUCH SESAMI , my back.” Gene yelled out. Then he
looked at here and moved closer for a good morning kiss.

“Mmm I’ve been waiting for this all morning.” Sesami said.
She moved closer and moved up by standing on the balls
of her feet.

Gene moved back and said “Sorry but after lunch. I have to
gather my strength.” He laughed and walked out of the kitchen.

Sesami grunted and said. “What no kiss? Bastard”

Gene got greeted by everyone. Sesami was right behind him.
Then she watch him slowly sit down saying something to himself
in pain. She realized that he was in pain.

“What will happen when we meet this man, Grandfather?” Tenchi
asked. “And will we find a place to land?”

“Well the entire planet is a giant desert. And there is a Fortress
there where we will go through many traps to meet him and
get coordinates.” Yosho replied just before he took a sip of
tea.

“He will be guarded very well. This will be a very hard
mission to accomplish.” Kai seriously said.

“Yeah right!” Gene said shaking his head from side to side.
“50 big ones says that this will be a walk in the park.”

“I’ll take on that bet my friend.” Kai replied.

“Do you have Earth money?” Gene asked Kai moving his
left eyebrow upwards.

“No. Do you have Juraian money?” Kai asked Gene.

“Hell no.” Gene replied. He thought to himself for a
couple of seconds. “I got it, I’ll give you this million yen platinum
and diamond watch for something of value that you have. This is
the most efficient watch on Earth, it charges by heat and movement.”

“Ok. I will give you these.” Kai replied as he reached into
his General pants. Then he pulled out these Platinum Gloves.
“These are special Power Gloves. They are brand new for
our military. It makes you 100 times stronger. And they
might even work in you special form.”

“You got it Kai.” Gene said as he put his hand in front for a
hand shake.

“Good.” Kai replied. Then he pulled out his hand to shake.
“These gloves are even beyond Washus technology.”

“Sure they are.” Washu said. Then she laughed and she
started to eat her meal.

“Well it looks like that Platinum is famous everywhere.” Gene
said.

After 30 minutes every one slowly finished the food on the table.

Washu was sitting next to Kai. Then she moved closer to him
and whispered. “If these gloves are so far beyond my
technology why are you so eager to bet them off like that?”

Kai smiled and replied. “Well Mom, I have 2 pairs.”

Washu started to laugh but then realized that Gene properly
heard what Kai said because of his enhanced hearing. She
looked at Gene and she saw him looking back. Gene smiled
at Washu and then pointed to his watch with his free hand.
Then he pointed out  his index and middle finger, he was
signaling to Washu that he also has 2 pairs of the same watch.
“Ha you funny bastard Gene.” Washu quietly said to herself.

“ATTENTION, WE HAVE REACHED OUR
DESTINATION” This loud voice said over the speaker phone.

“Hey everyone we made it!!!” Mihoshi said with sauce around
her lips. She slowly pulled out her little pink tongue and licked
her lips.

Gene watched and was hypnotized. Then he said. “Ouch!”

“Ok. Everyone to the cockpit.” Yosho said as he got up.

Everyone quickly gathered in the cockpit and stared at the
screen. “There is it.” Kyone said. Then she pressed a couple of
buttons and looked up at Yosho. “Readers indicate that there is
only one life form.”

“How can he live by himself?” Tenchi said as he rubbed his
chin.

“Well think about it.” Gene said, raising his right eyebrow this
time. “At least he wont get caught masturbating!” Then Gene
started to laugh out loudly.

Everyone turned to face Gene and Aeka said. “Your a sick and
disgusting animal.”

Gene blushed and rubbed the back of his head. Then he said
“Opps did I say that out loud?”

Slowly Kai started to giggle a bit. Then he got louder and started
to laugh at the top of his voice. Yosho looked at Kai. Kai
stopped laughing and took a big gulp. “Right, we should all get
ready to go now.” Kai said. Kai looked over and saw Kyone
smiling at him.

“Good idea. Nobuyuki, Sesami and Miss Aeka should
stay here.” Yosho said.

“No way Grandpa. Let them come. They never have any fun
without us. By the way both the princesses have shields to
protect Dad from anything. And maybe us as well.” Gene
said with a worried look.

“Scared are we Gene?” Kai said.

“Yeah right. Just being secure!” Gene replied. “Now let’s get
going.”

“Ok me and Mihoshi will find the fortress and land in front of it.
Then we will get ready.” Kyone said.

After a couple of minutes Mihoshi and Kyone found a place
to land. Then they landed without any problems.

“Now let’s go!” Mihoshi said in a excited voice.

Mihoshi and Kyone went to their room and put on their Galaxy
Police outfits. Kai went to his room and picked up his second
pair of Gloves and he got his light sword. Just like the one Tenchi
and Yosho have. Yosho and Tenchi got into their Juraian war
uniforms. Washu went into her lab and got tons of equipment.
Aeka and Sesami went to change out of their night gowns.
Nobuyuki and Gene just went to the living room.

One by one people came to the doors of the space ship to exit.
Kai looked at Genes clothes and said. “A T-shirt and sweat
pants?”

“Like I said a walk in the park.” Gene replied.

The doors opened and the group saw the huge fortress in front
of them. The planet wasn’t windy at all, normally there would be
tons of windstorms.

The group walked towards the doors. Washu quickly realized
that the door was slightly open. “I think that we can squeeze
through the door.” Washu said. Then she walked through and
entered. She turned and watched everyone come through the
door.

Since Gene was so big he had a little problem getting in. So
Tenchi grabbed Genes arm and pulled him in.

“Thanks bro.” Gene said.

“No problem Gene.” Tenchi replied. Then he turned around
and looked at the place they where in. “Is this possible?”

They where in a golden entrance that had one way. The walls
where gold with antique weapons. The ceilings where also gold
with chandeliers hanging there with diamonds. Everything was
perfect except that the floor was covered with sand.

“There is the way.” Aeka said as she pointed to a little hallway.

They walked over to the little hallway and stopped. Tenchi
looked around and noticed that there are multiple ways
to go. “Which way do we go?”

Washu pulled out a little laptop and started typing away.
“I’m already on it.” Washu said. Then out of now where
these mechanic eagles appeared. “Now my beauties find
me a way.” There was one bird for each way. The eagles
started to flap their wings and flew away.

“How long will we have to wait until they come back?”
Gene said.

“Not long, they move at the speed of light.” Washu replied.
Then they heard one of the eagles coming back.

“Only one came back.” Tenchi said.

“The others did take the wrong way.” Washu said. “They must
have been destroyed by taking the wrong way.” Then she
reached into her pocket and pulled out a CD. She threw the CD
onto the ground and it instantly grew. “Everyone onboard Washu
express!”

Everyone got onto the giant size CD. The Eagle started to fly and
it was being followed. In seconds they reached the end of the
hallway. This area was the same size as the entrance but it was
black with chains on the wall. On each side of the door there was
a statue.

On the left there was a statue of an ancient barbarian warrior
with an ax in each hand. On the right was a samurai. Each
statue was about 35 feet tall.

“Well there is the door.” Gene said as he ran towards it.

Gene was just about to touch the door until Washu shouted
out. “No DONT TOUCH IT!!!”

Gene stopped and heard a giant growl. He looked up at the
statues and saw that their eyes have turned red. “OH SHIT!”
He said as ran back next to the group.

He statues started to move slowly. They got to the center and
shot a laser beam from their eyes. But Aeka quickly was able
to make a shield.

“Look what you did Gene!” Washu said, typing away at her
laptop.

“A walk in the park Eh?” Kai said laughing. “Here you go
Gene, this is a gift. Since I have 2.” Kai threw a pair of the
gloves to Gene.

“Thanks.” Gene said as he caught the gloves. “I’ll give you a
watch later.”

Kai took out his other pair of gloves and put them on. Slowly
his Dark Blue Generals outfit started to turn silver.

“Hey that’s cool” Gene said. Then he quickly put on the gloves
and watched them make a thin layer of spandex of his entire
body. His T-shirt and sweat pants got absorbed and also
changed into the silver spandex. “Hey what the fuck, I don’t
want to look like a fruit.” Gene looked down. There was silver
from neck to toe. “Well at least I look good in it. Now lets kick
some ass. Old school style!”

“Gene this also speeds you up by a 100%” Kai said, then he
pulled out his light sword and went into action with the barbarian.

Tenchi and Yosho powered up and took out their light swords
and attacked the samurai.

“Now let’s have some fun!” Gene said as he charged the
Barbarian. Gene ran up beside the leg of the statue and gave
it a power punch. “Hey nothing happened.” Gene pulled his
hand away and looked at his fist, then he looked and he realized
that he gave the statue a little dent. He looked up at the statue
and said “Opps my hand slipped.”

The statue gave a large growl and kicked Gene away. Gene
went flying into the wall. “Ah GENE!” Sesami shouted as
Gene hit the ground.

Tenchi made a huge jump into the air and dogged the Samurais
attack. Then Yosho was able cut of part of the Samurais armor.

On the other side Kai was starting to struggle with fighting the
Barbarian. Kai was move backwards but he tripped over and
fell on his back. The statue was just about to hit Kai but a laser
beam hit it in the chest and made the giant move back a couple
of feet.

Kai was confused and looked back. He saw that Kyone shot
the laser beam and he started to smile. “Like I said. The best!”
He said. Then Kyone gave him a wink and they started to attack
the statue with a little help from the very scared Mihoshi.

“Are you Ok Gene?” Sesami asked.

“Yeah but this stronger shit didn’t work. I am the same strength
and speed as my transformed version.” Gene said. “But if I
transform with these things then I might become 100 times faster
and stronger then my beast version. I would be unstoppable
and my powers would be infinite!”

“Are you sure you can control yourself?” Sesami asked.

“Yes.” Gene said. “I must be able to. Now stand back.”
Gene grabbed the top of his head and gave out a little shout.
“It gets easier to do this every time!”

Gene was starting to transform but his arms started to twitch.
“What happening to me? WASHU!” Gene shouted out.

Washu turned around and watched Gene transforming
differently this time. “Your transformation is being affected
by the gloves.” Washu shouted back.

“I can’t stop this.” Gene screamed.

Genes body started to grow again in size and muscle. He
grew larger this time, he must have reached 10 feet in height.
His muscles grew in size. His hair became all jagged again
but he had a silver stripe in his hair this time.

Genes eyeballs became black but his pupils turned silver. Also
the horns that ripped out of his head where silver too. His skin
didn’t turn blood red but it turned into a metallic red. Instead
of growing large claws, Gene watched as his hands turned into a
silver color. His entire arms and shoulders turned into that metallic
silver color that his pupils, horns and teeth turned into.

“What’s this?” Gene said to himself as he looked at his new and
transformed body. “My body is so red and shinny. I look like I’m
metal.” Then he started to feel his chest and around his body.
“Wait a second.” Gene made his hands into fists and slammed
them together. It sounded like 2 pieces of metal hitting each other.
“I AM METAL, WITH SILVER ARMS” He started to laugh
away.

“Gene? Take a look at yourself.” Washu said as she took out
a mirror from her bag and handed it to Gene.

Gene looked into the mirror and smiled. “Wow! Silver pupils,
and these spiky silver teeth are sweet. But the power is beyond
believe. I can do anything I want now, I’m as light as a feather
and unstoppable.” Gene handed the mirror back to Washu.

“I love the new look Gene.” Nobuyuki said. Then he gave Gene
a thumbs up.

“Yeah I’ll think that I will keep it.” Gene replied.

Gene looked at the Barbarian statue and charged it with super
speed. He his the statue with the speed of light taking of its left
shin. The Barbarian was falling to it’s left but Gene quickly got
under it and punched of the statues head.

“What the fuck is that?” Kai replied. He was absolutely shocked
to see Gene.

“The gloves affected my transformation and gave me powers that
I can’t even begin to under stand.” Gene replied. “Now it’s
time to take care of that...” Gene looked over at Tenchi and
Yosho. “Samurai?”

“Yeah your a bit slow Gene. We just destroyed this thing.”
Tenchi replied. “What happened to you?”

“The gloves” Kai immediately said.

“Oh it’s not fair I wont be able to test my powers now.”
Gene said looking on the floor. “I just want a good fight.
Is nobody worthy of fighting me?” Then he kicked some
sand from the ground.

“I AM!!!” This dark voice said out of no where. “I WILL
BE THE ONE TO KILL YOU!!!”

The sand in front of the door started to gather and figure into
the shape of a man.

“I AM THE SANDMAN, AND YOU MUST DEFEAT ME
IF YOU WISH TO SEE THE ALL KNOWING!!” The Sand
monster said.

“The Sandman? What kind of stupid ass name is that?” Gene
said in a silly voice. “It’s time to turn up the heat!!”
Gene made these giant flames come out of his palms and
aimed it at the Sandman. “Burn baby burn.” Gene said as
he heard the monster burn.

The Sandman burned and the sand on the ground started to
disappear. All the sand was gone and Gene stopped.

“Didn’t I tell you that it was a walk in the park?” Gene said
as he turned around. Everyone was sweating and trying to
catch their breath.

“It was easy for you to fight the statue but not for us.” Kai said.

“Yeah and that heat is murder.” Tenchi said as Aeka tried to
rub of all the sweat on Tenchis face with a cloth. “Would you
stop that! I’m not a kid Aeka!”

“I’m sorry Lord Tenchi” Aeka replied.

“Ok now let’s talk to this guy and let’s get going!” Gene said.
He walked over to Sesami and watched her facial expression.
“You know after last night I should be afraid of you Sesami.”

Sesami smiled and slowly put her hand on his chest. “Wow
Gene your cold and so hard.” Sesami said.

“Yeah my body is metal now.” Gene replied. Then Sesami moved
in and gave Gene a hug.

“I’m sorry you 2 but it is time to go through this door.” Washu
said.

“Now how will we open it?”  Mihoshi asked.

“I got it!” Gene said in a cocky voice. Then he ripped the doors
of their sockets and threw them aside.

“What the fuck?” This little man said in a shriveled voice. He
was wearing a big black outfit exactly like the Grim Reapers.
His face wasn’t noticeable. But all that you could see was that
there was a cigar in his mouth. He was sitting on this giant chair
at the end of this big room that was the same size as the entrance
and equal in beauty.

He grabbed the cigar and threw it behind him. “WHO GOES
THERE?!” He demanded.

“Is this The All Knowing One?” Kai shouted back.

“YES THAT IS RIGHT. I AM HE!” The Old Man shouted
back.

“Hey didn’t you say that he knows everything?” Gene said to
Yosho.

“GENE MESAKI, GET YOUR DEVILED ASS OVER HERE
WITH YOUR FAMILY!” The Old Man said.

Gene froze completely. “That answer your question?” Yosho said.
They walked towards the old man. “I am Yosho, Prince of...”
Yosho got interrupted.

“Yes I know that you are the Prince of Jurai. But I do not know
why you are here.” The Old Man said. “My age makes my week.”

“My daughter got innocently killed and I. We want her
back. We need the coordinates to the Fountain of Wishes”
Washu said out loud.

“Ah yes, yes. You must be Washu.” The Old Man said. The
little man got of his chair and hopped his was to Washu.
“You sure are the cute one. Yes, very cute.”

“Wow, well thank you.” Washu said.

“I could tell you where it is but you know as well as I do that your
daughter was a killer. Why should I tell you?” The Old Man said
as he went back to his chair and picked up his walking stick.

“Because she stopped being a monster and fell in love. That is
the only reason you need.” Gene said. “Now why can’t we see
you face.”

“Well sunny, I am so old that my face would virtually kill you.
The horror would stop your heart.” The Old Man replied. “The
final coordinates are 57-203 In the Paradise System. Now let
me have my peace. But beware that there is a very powerful
monster guarding the Fountain. Now get lost and come back
after your wish has been made. It gets very lonely here.”

“Then come with us.” Tenchi said.

“Ah young man, if I leave my Citadel I loose my immortality
powers and die.” The Old Man said to Tenchi. “You see I was
also cursed. I am immortal but if I leave this place I will die and
Hell will take over the Universe. I am the first born and I am
destined to the final one. Now please leave. I must gather
my energy for the battle the will decide the future of everyone.”

“Good bye old friend.” Yosho said as he bowed to the old
man.

After everyone finally made it to the space ship again Gene
looked around and said “Didn’t that seem a bit too easy?”

“Yes it did.” Yosho replied.

“HAHAHA FOOLS” The Old Man said. “Hey Gutman
come here!”

The Half man, half ogre appeared from the shadows.
“Yes master?”

“Now wasn’t that funny?” The Old Man said as his voice
started to change tones and sound familiar. He pulled back his
hood to reveal that it was Satan. “Idiots are walking right into
a trap.”

“That was a genius idea master, but what will you do about
Gene?” Gutman said. He handed Satan another Cuban cigar.

“Yes that was a bit unexpected but don’t forget I am the one
holding all the cards of this game!” Satan looked up. “ME.
YOU UNDERSTAND UP THERE? ME!!!!!” He shouted
at the sky and started to laugh. In the only way that can send
shivers down your spine.

~~~~~~~~~~~THE END~~~~~~~~~~~~

What did you think? Sorry it took me so long to write this one
you know summer vacation, and schools a bitch.
E-mail me at CMDR_DUFF@YAHOO.COM
