I don’t own anything so if anyone sues me, I’ll kick your ass!
just joking , enjoy!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                     Gene Mesaki Saga Part III
                        “Truth hurts or does it?”
                                      By
                                Mr. Sinister

There where many clouds in the sky. Rain was dropping
from every direction. It was 10 am but it was a dark
day. Winds coming in and not a single ray of pure sun
shine.

Gene awoke in his bed and looked out side his window.
“What did I do to her? What is it doing to me?” Gene
said to himself quietly. He woke up and put on a pair
of shorts and a undershirt. Then he ran towards the
bathroom, he kneeled in front of the toilet and started to throw
up. He flushed and then he cleaned himself. He took 2
showers that day and he brushed his teeth 3 times. “I’m
so dirty, must get clean” He said to himself a bunch of
times.

Then he walked out of the bathroom and he saw Sesami
standing there. “Hello Gene, I heard some noises so I
thought I would come and check on you” She said as
she smiled and tilted her head to the side.

“Thanks Sesami. But I think I might be coming down with
something. I’ll go and ask Washu for help” Gene replied to
her.

“Oh ok Gene well I hope you get better soon. I made a
special breakfast today” She bowed down and walked
back to the kitchen.

Gene went towards the door of Washus laboratory. He
grabbed the knob with his right hand and paused. He stared
at the door and said “Will she forgive me? She is one of my
last resorts” He said a little prayer to himself and he held his
breath. He opened the door and walked in.

He looked around and saw a  very peaceful place. There
where water falls around and he saw Washu on her holo
computer. He looked at the screen above her head and
he saw a picture of himself. There was a birds eye picture
and side picture and a picture from the front.

“What are you Gene?” Washu said. She didn’t even take
her eyes of her holo comp. She just kept on typing.

“I don’t know but whatever it is, it’s taking me over” He
replied. Then he walked towards her and stood next to
her. “I’m sorry about last night. If this thing wasn’t in me
then I wouldn’t have done anything to you last night”

She stopped and looked at him “ Don’t worry about
it Gene. Maybe next time you can be a little less rough
on me”

“Say whaa” He said as he raised one eyebrow and looked
at Washu in amazement.

“Gene I think I figured out what your virus is” Washu said as
the quickly changed the subject. Then she became very serious.
“Have you ever heard of Vampires, Ghouls, Angels and Devils?”

“Well yeah obviously. But do you mean that people have seen
them in real life?” Gene said as he got really confused. Then
he started to scratch his head. But he knew his real secret.

“You see since the start of time on this world. There has been
a virus that changes people. Normal evolution is from when
your kind. The humans evolved from monkey to what you
see on television. But this virus changes that. Vampires, Ghouls
 Devils and so on are causes of this virus.” Washu said as she
showed Gene newspaper articles of people seeing monsters.

“Hmm I think I know what you mean. Like there is a virus
that makes people into monsters?” Gene said still scratching his
head. “But I don’t get anything at all”

“Don’t worry about it Gene. Just go stand there” Washu said
as she shook her head to the amazement of Gene stupidity.

“Ehh ok” Gene said. Then he walked over to a golden
star on the ground “I just don’t want any anal
prooooooobbbbbeeeeeeessssss”

He got cut off as these metal tentacles wrapped around
his ankles, waist and wrists. Then a black table appeared
and Gene got strapped to the table.

“Sorry little Washu but I don’t play this way” Gene said
to Washu as sweat was dropping down his face.

“Don’t worry Gene. But there is one thing” She said

“Ehh what’s that?!” He replied.

“This is really going to hurt, and I’m sorry Gene” She said
as a tear came down her left cheek.

*Holy this girl has feeling for me or maybe its a tear of joy
for getting me back for last night* Gene thought to
himself.

All these machines came out of the ground. They where all
little black boxes. The first one opened up and a robotic hand
came out with a needle at the tip of each finger. Then the other
black metal boxes hovered closer towards Gene. Each one
had a multiple number of silver metal mini tentacles come out
of it.

In the living room. Every one sat around the table. “Where’s
Gene?” Tenchi said as he looked at Sesami.

“I don’t know but I made him a special breakfast as a thank
you for the trip to the mall.” She looked at Tenchi and
frowned.

Back in the lab. The box with the needles started to inject
Gene with some kind of green liquid. Then they took blood
from Gene. On of the boxes was in front of Gene and then
2 mini tentacles went towards his temples. On the tip there
where drills. They drilled into Genes temples.

He started to scream out in pain.

“NOOOOOO STOPPPP - THIIISSS WASHUUUUU”
Gene said as he screamed louder and louder.

Then all the other boxes started drilling into him. Some
where in his kidneys, behind his knees, in his elbows,
mostly everywhere around his body. Blood ran down his
face. He screamed louder and louder. The sides of his
mouth started to rip as he screamed. The louder he
screamed the louder it would have torn.

Then the boxes started to gather energy and they started
to shock him. He screamed louder and louder.

“What’s going on?” Tenchi said as he listened to the screams
of his brother. “Is that..?”

“Its Gene!” Mihoshi said.

The group gathered around the laboratory door.

“I have to get in there. What’s Washu doing to him”
Tenchi said as he tried to opened to door. “It’s locked”

“I can do it” Ryoko said as she tried to open the door.
“Its too tight” Then she threw energy balls at the door and
it still didn’t open.

“All we can do is listen” Kyone said.

Everyone looked at each other and no one knew what to
do. Then Sesami started to cry and Tenchi started to
comfort her as he tightly hugged her. Aeka tried to help
out Sesami too.

“AGHHH ILL KILL YOU FOR THIS WASHU!” Gene
screamed in his evil voice. * Can’t carry on* He thought.

“Gene this is for your own good. I’m trying to kill the virus
with in you” Washu said with a worried look on he face.

Gene screamed louder and louder. His cheeks had been
ripped into 2 and blood came from everywhere his body.
His skin was turning into red it wasn’t his blood but it was
the same color. Washu stood there in shock. She made
here holo comp come back up. Then she tried to tighten
the restrains on him.

He screamed again. But the tone of his voice darkened
and it didn’t sounds like his normal happy voice. His eyeballs
turned black and his eyes turned into blood red.

Washu looked at Gene and she couldn’t believe it. She saw
2 cracks in his forehead and 2 horns grew out of his forehead.
His size grew bigger and taller. His shirt ripped as his muscles
got bigger and tightened. Then his nails turned black and they
grew longer and sharpened at the tips. She even saw a tail
growing out behind Gene.

She didn’t want to be around while Gene broke free. She
quickly ran towards the door and opened it. Gene started
to move back and forth and then he tore the machines apart
and he broke free. He ripped out all the mini tentacles and he
destroyed all the boxes. Then his body started to heal himself.
All the cuts and scars started to disappear.

Washu ran into the living room and she saw all the people
listening.

“WASHU What did you do to Gene?” Tenchi quickly said.

“I don’t know, but my experiment went wrong, I must have
miscalculated something, but there is no time we have to go
outside now before he gets to us.” Washu said as he hurried
outside.

So Tenchi, Aeka, Mihoshi, Kyone, Sesami, Washu, Ryoko,
Ryo-ohki and Nobuyuki ran outside beside the lake.

“So what happened Washu?” Tenchi said as he was gasping
for air.

“He transformed” Washu said. Then she looked inside the
from a distance.

Gene got to the door but it was locked. He let out a loud
growl that send shivers down all the girls spines. Then
they heard banging on the door.

BOOM BOOM BOOM Then the door broke free.

“Tenchi I’m scared” Sesami said as she hugged his left leg.

“Don’t worry Sesami, Gene wont hurt us” Tenchi said
as he picked her up and hugged her.

“Yes but I don’t think that, that think is Gene” Washu
said.

Gene started to walk out the lab door dragging his tail behind
him. He looked to his right and he saw the group stand there.
He quickly started to walk outside.

“HEEE I MEAN IT’S COMMING” Aeka said as she
made a shield around the group. “I will protect you
Lord Tenchi”

Ryoko looked at Aeka in jealousy so she said “I’ll kill
him now” She powered up and started to fly.

“NOOO don’t Ryoko. Gene is in there.” Tenchi said in
a worried look. He took a deep breath then he said
“Do what you can, but don’t kill him. Make it your last
resort” He shook his head and he couldn’t believe what
he just said.

Ryoko looked at his worried face and said “Don’t worry
Tenchi it wont come to that” She turned around and
saw Gene standing at the house which is like 50 feet
away from them.

He started to clap and he said “That was truly
heartbreaking, now its time to kill you all.” He leaned
forward and started to charge.

The girls all charged up and got ready for his attack.
Mihoshi and Kyone got their lazer guns and aimed.
Aeka made her shield powerfuller. She summoned
her guardians and they helped out. Washu was still
on her holo comp and Ryoko made a energy ball.

Gene got closer and closer he was 20 feet away then
15- 10 -5 then he stopped. He felt something right next
to his neck. It was the blue light sword. Which looks and
sounds exactly like the light saber. He looked to see who
held the sword at his neck “Well hello there grand father,
how are you today?” He said to Yosho as he smiled.

“I felt there was a evil power but I can’t believe that its
you Gene” Yosho said to Gene. But he wasn’t the old
Yosho he was the younger form, the powerful one.

“Look Gene is gone, I’m his evil side. Ever since he was
a kid there was a great evil growing inside him. That evil
is me. Also its not just the virus that made him like this...”
Gene said then he quickly jumped back 5 feet and jumped
towards Yosho for an attack.

Yosho flipped backwards and he charged towards Gene.
Yosho aimed towards Genes head. But Gene knew what
he was up to so he moved his head to the right and then he
digged and cut into the side of Yoshos stomach.

After their attack they finished their jump and landed behind
each other at a distance of 10 feet.

Genes tail was moving from side to side. He looked over
his right shoulder. He looked at the back of Yosho and said.
“I know all your moves, there is nothing you can to do beat
me, you trained me too well.” He looked down at his left
hand and saw Yoshos blood dripping of his nails onto the
grass.

“I didn’t teach you everything” Yosho said as he fell to the
grass.

“Dad” Nobuyuki said as he rushed to Yosho and lifted him.
He picked up the light sword and threw it to Tenchi for
safety. He put Yosho over his left shoulder and he ran inside.

Tenchi put Sesami down and he picked up the swords and he
powered it up. “WHAT EVER YOU ARE, I WONT LET
YOU TAKE GENE” Tenchi yelled.


“What are you talking about Tenchi I could never hurt you”
Gene said as he looked at Tenchi.

“Stop Tenchi I’ll go first” Ryoko said as she charged
Gene.

“We all will” Kyone said. Then everyone except Sesami and
Washu surrounded Gene.

“Ha this is a joke.” Gene looked around and he charged
towards Kyone. She tried to shoot him but she missed
several times. He jumped side to side, and he dodged
all her blasts. He got close to her pulled his right hand,
clinched his fist and hit Kyone in the stomach. He looked
her in the eyes and he watched Kyone spit out blood
and run down her face onto her chin. He took his hand
away from her stomach and he put his hand on her neck.
He held her up. He leaned forward and stuck out his tongue
trying to lick her blood.

He got closer and closer. Then he got shot in the back.
“AGHH” He dropped Kyone and turned around. He said
“All right who did that?” He looked around and saw Mihoshi
with her knees wobbling and smoke coming out of he gun.

She had 2 tears on the side of her face. “Stay back!” She said
“You - you are under arrest for abusing a Galaxy Police
Officer”

“Yeah right like I will come in peace” Gene replied. He started
to fly towards Mihoshi. He suddenly hit a little hovering log.
“What’s this?” He looked around and he saw that he was
surrounded by these mini logs. He couldn’t move around.
“What kind of trick is this? I CAN’T MOVE” He said
as he got angrier.

It was Aeka special holding shield. She combined her
powers with her guardians. Then Gene looked to his left
and saw Ryoko and Tenchi charging towards him.

Tenchi was able to cut Gene in the front of his chest and
Ryoko cut Gene in his lower back. Gene let out a giant
scream. He was able to make a energy ball out of his hand
and the made it hit Aeka.

“Aeka” Tenchi yelled as she flew backwards and she hit the
ground. The ball hit her in the stomach and winded her. She
blacked out.

Since Aeka blacked out, the power of the force field was taken
out. Gene flew towards the guardians, and he cut the guardian
logs into little pieces.

Gene looked at Ryoko and he liked his lips. Then he flew
towards her and he was just about to attack Ryoko and slice
her into little pieces. But just before he attacked Sesami got in
the way and he cut hit her in the in the chest. On her left
side over her heart.

“Noooooo” Gene screamed. as he fell to the floor and he took
his hand out of Sesami. He wrapped his hands around her.
“Sesami please don’t die, I’m sorry”

Tenchi looked at Sesames dying body. His eyes opened wide
and he charged at Gene. He held his sword back and then he
cut of Genes head. His head flew up 2 feet and rolled in the air
as it feel onto the ground. Blood came squirting into the air out
of Gene body.

Tenchi took Sesami out of Genes arms and he held her tightly.
Washu came running towards them. “Do something Washu ,
make her come back.” Tenchi said to Washu as he cried.
He gave little taps onto Sesames cheeks “Please wake up
Sesami don’t die on me I never told you how I feel about
you Sesami”

Sesami slowly opened her eyes and looked at Tenchi.
“Teeenchiiiii” Sesami said slowly.

“I love you Sesami, I always have. I want you Sesami to
be by my side forever. I LOVE YOU” Tenchi said
as his tears fell on Sesami.

“Tenchi I loooovvvvv........” Sesami said as her eyes closed
and she died.

“NOOOOOOOO” Tenchi said as he looked into the sky,
“This isn’t right” He said to himself.

“Tenchi what about meee?” Ryoko said to Tenchi as she
cried and faded away.

“No wait Ryoko” Tenchi said as he put Sesami down and
got up. “Bring them back Washu all of them” Tenchi
said to Washu

“I can’t do anything Tenchi” Washu replied to Tenchi
as she looked down at Sesami.

Tenchi walked slowly towards Washu and he slapped her
across the face. “You supposed to be the greatest scientist
in the Universe” He said to her as he shook his head. He
turned around and kneed in front of Sesamis dead body. He
put his hand together and he closed his eyes and started to
pray. “Please Tsunami, Come here and do something”

Washu put her hand on her face and she started to cry. She
looked around and saw Mihoshi holding Kyone and crying.
Then she saw Aeka and went to aid her.

Tenchi heard a noise and he slowly opened his eyes and he
looked forward. He saw a red flame appear and it slowly
drew into a giant ring of fire. Then inside the fire started to
twirl like a portal. Tenchis eyes opened wide he couldn’t believe
it.

Slowly someone started to walk out of the portal or fire. Tenchi
first saw the shoes of the man. He wore black dressing up shoes.
Tenchi started to look up and he saw that the man was wearing
a sharp looking suit. Tenchi looked up at the man face and paused.

“Whhhaaaaatt who are you?” Tenchi said as he started to shake.
He looked at the man and he looked a bit like Genes Evil form.
But the man was less muscular. He had short hair. His eyes had
a v shape. He had a pointing noise. A mustache and hair under
his lower lip. The mans eyebrows also formed another v. “Who
are you?” Tenchi said knowing that he will regret that question.
The man was also blood red with horns. He had a cigar in his
mouth.

He took a deep breath and inhaled. Then he walked towards
Genes dead body and he exhaled. “You know Tenchi after
Gene left this house he wasn’t able to survive at such a young
age. He virtually sold his sold to me to survive to see you again
and to find true love.” The strange man said while
he looked over to Tenchi. He smiled and inhaled again.
“And the virus that lived inside him would have made
him a perfect leader in my armies against heaven.”

“Hold on... You’re thh-th-the Dev” Tenchi said as
he stuttered.

“I have many names but I am mostly known either as the
Devil or as I prefer, Satan. That’s what you will call me”
Satan said to Tenchi. “Well it looks like you won Tsunami,
You won the bet. Tenchi does love Sesami the most.”
He said as he looked up at a cloud that was hovering over
everyone.

“Tsunami?” Tenchi said to himself.

“That’s right Tenchi its me” Everyone looked up and saw
the cloud form into Tsunami. She slowly hovered towards
the ground and she stood next to Tenchi. “It looks like you
owe me Satan” She looked straight into the Devils eyes.

“I don’t think so Tsunami” Satan said as grinned with evil.

“I win Tenchi loves Sesami” Tsunami said as she started to
get angry with Satan.

“Yes but our bet was that Sesami will find her true love.
Right?” Satan said

“That’s right” Tsunami replied.

“You see I don’t care if Tenchi loves her but Sesami has
to love him back. She never said that she loves him.”
Satan said.

“Yes she did” Tsunami said

“I’ll show you!” Satan put took his cigar with his left hand
and then he raised his right hand. He wiggled his fingers and
said “Aghra- Marhra- Shim Sharoom” Then Sesamis
body started to raise and she hovered in mid air. Her eyes
started to open. “Sesami can you hear me?” Satan said to her.

“Yes I can hear you. But where am I?” She said looking around.

“SESAMI” Tenchi said.
“She can’t hear you, she is in another dimension she can’t
even see you.” Satan said. “Look Sesami I have to ask you
a question and you have to tell me the truth, It’s very important”

“Oh ok” Sesami said with a worried look on her face.

“Who do you truly love Sesami?” Satan asked her.

“I - I - I love Gene” Sesami said

“Do you truly love him? and what about Tenchi?” Satan asked.

“I like Tenchi a lot but I truly love Gene” She said. Then her
eyes closed and he body dropped to the ground.

Tenchi who was already kneeling put his hands on his face and
started to cry.

“Well there you have it Tsunami. I win there is no true love in
this millennium. The heaven won the all the time till now. Earth
will belong to me and I will add this place to my collection.”
Satan said as he laughed with the evilest laugh ever. It send
shivers down everyone’s spine.

“Nooo you wont take this Earth. You haven’t won Satan.
There is one more thing” Tsunami said as she walked over
to the head of Genes evil body.

Satan stopped laughing and said ”Face it bitch I’ve won”

Tsunami looked at Satan and then a red rose appeared in her
hand. She looked at Gene. Then sunlight started to surround
her. She dropped the rose onto Genes face. She closed her
eyes said her prayer.

The rose hit Genes face and his body transformed into his
human form. His face and body started to fly up. Then his
face flew towards his body and they connected. His body feel
onto the ground. He slowly moved and got up.

Satan wasn’t pleased so he raised his hand and put Gene into a
cage of fire. Now Tsunami wasn’t pleased.

“Gene” Tsunami said.

“Yes Tsunami??” Gene said.

“I’m going to ask you a question and its very important
that you tell me the truth” Tsunami said. She said the same
words as Satan, and she was very confident.

Satan growled “ What is she trying to do?” He said quietly to
himself.

“I’ll try to help you as much as possible” Gene said.

“Gene who do you truly love” Tsunami said to Gene

“I really love Sesami, she’s the love of my life” Gene said.

“Well it looks like he loves her and she loves him.” Tsunami
said. She looked over to Satan and said “ Well it looks like
Good triumphs over evil yet again”

“Hahaha fine, you win. Sesami gets to grow up into her adult
age and you finally become an Angel. I’ll take out Genes evil
virus and I’ll let him live his life.” Satan said. He looked over
to Sesami and he raised his hand and said some dark words.

Sesamis body started to age rapidly. She must have aged until
she’s 20. Then Satan took away the fire cage. Sesami woke
up and then she got up. She looked around and she saw Gene
looking into the ground and crying.

“Gene” she yelled “I love you”

He looked up and saw Sesami running towards him. He got
up and he started to run towards Sesami. They both opened
their arms and hugged each other. They stared into each others
eyes and kissed.

“I’ll love you for ever Sesami” Gene said.

“I’ll love you too” Sesami replied.

“I hate this love stuff. It sickens me to my soul.” Satan said.

“Why? Because you’ve never loved yourself?”
Tsunami said. but this time Tsunami had 2 wings and a
golden halo.

“No I’m not into love. Hey Gene you know I still own you
and I will never leave you alone. “ Satan said as he inhaled
his cigar.

“As long as I am with Sesami nothing will hurt me” Gene
said after he broke the kiss.

“HAHAHA” Satan said “Its time for me to go, but I will
be back, you haven’t seen the last of me” He turned around
and started to walk towards the portal.

“Nothing will happen to you Gene and Sesami your true love
will get you through anything” Tsunami said as she flew up into
the sky.

Satan looked over his shoulder and looked at Tsunami flying
away, then he slowly said “We’ll see about that . Yes that’s
right we’ll see about that. Hahaha” He started laughing again
and then he walked through the portal.

Tenchi paused and instead of crying he was happy for Gene
and Sesami. Then something said to him “Hey Tenchi no one
will remember what you said to Sesami “ Tenchi guessed
that it was Tsunamis voice.

“Tenchi!!!!!” Ryoko yelled.

“Lord Tenchi!!!!!” Aeka yelled.

They both ran towards Tenchi and gave him a tackle hug where
they took him into the ground.

“I’m ok thanks girls, now please get off” Tenchi said *It looks
like Tsunami was right and Ryoko forgot that I told Sesami that
I loved her* He thought to himself. “Ok Ryoko you go help out
Kyone and Mihoshi. And you Aeka go please help out
grandfather.” He said to the 2 girls.

Aeka quickly got up. “Sesami? You’re , What happened”
She said in shock. “You’re older” Sesami looked at Aeka
and then she looked back at Gene. Gene nodded and he broke
off the hug. Sesami ran towards Aeka and hugged her. They
walked into the house while Gene followed. Sesami told Aeka
everything.
Ryoko flew towards Kyone and Mihoshi. They picked
up Kyone and slowly walked towards the house.

Tenchi was all alone with Washu. He stood up and looked
at her. “I’m sorry Washu, I can’t believe I hit you will you
ever forgive me?” Tenchi said as he stared at the ground.

“Tenchi it doesn’t matter but what you said to Sesami.
Did you mean that?” Washu said as she lifted his chin with
her right hand.

“No I didn’t mean it. I thought that if I told her that I love
her then she will live on and not die” Tenchi told Washu
“Look Washu I can never lie to you, you are a very
important person to me” Tenchi said “Well except all
those experiments”

“Tenchi you mean that about me being a important person
to you?” Washu asked Tenchi while her eyes widened with
amazement.

“Yeah Washu seriously. Ryoko and Aeka are always trying
to compete over me but I think that they don’t even care about
me” Tenchi said.

Then Washu gave Tenchi a big hug and he hugged her back.
*No one can know the one I truly love* Tenchi thought to
himself. “Hey lets go inside now” Tenchi broke off the hug
and they walked inside the house.

In the living room Gene waited for Tenchi and as soon as he
saw him he ran towards Tenchi. “Tenchi I’m so sorry for all
the problems I cause. I understand if you want me to leave”
Gene said with a worried look.

“Haha now why would you say that Gene. I love you and
you’re my brother. I so happy that you found love” Tenchi
said to Gene “But I can’t believe that you sold your soul
just for me”

“I don’t care about that” Gene smiled at Tenchi. Then both
their stomach started to growl. “Hey everyone lets order
some food”

Every one agreed and Tenchi went and made the phone call.
Gene went to Kyone and he apologized to her. She
didn’t mind because she knew that it wasn’t the real Gene.
Then Gene also apologized to Yosho and he also accepted.

After Gene apologized. He thought to himself and he ran
towards Tenchi while he was speaking on the phone.

“Tenchi hold on a sec” Gene said to him.

“Ehh hold on” Tenchi said to the restaurant worker. “What
is it Gene?”

“I just want you to get some special items” Gene said
then he slowly whispered the items into Tenchis ear. Tenchi
was kind of shocked but he knew why Gene would need
them. “Ohh and finally hide those things and put them into the
refrigerator so no one can get to them”

“Ok Gene don’t worry” Tenchi said as he smiled at Gene.

Gene walked back to the living room and he saw that Washu
was back in her lab. Nobuyuki and Yosho sat around the little
table drinking sucke. Then he looked kind of confused. He
Aeka , Ryoko, Mihoshi and Kyone sitting in front of the
television watching some police shows.

Gene walked towards the table and he sat beside Yosho and
opposite Nobyuki. “What’s going on? I thought that everyone
would care more about everything that happened today”
Gene said really confused.

Yosho poured Gene a little glass full of sucke and passed it
over to him. “Hehehe You see Gene since the first day these
girls moved into this house crazy stuff has happened.” Yosho
said to Gene with a drunk smile.

“Gene You shouldn’t be drinking that” Gene looked over
outside the kitchen and he saw Sesami standing there in
different clothes giving him a smile.

“Come here you” Gene said.

Sesami walked over to Gene and she sat on his lap “Now
where did you get those clothes?” He asked her as he hugged
her tightly.

“Well I went upstairs with you. You went to your room
for some clothes and I looked in my room. Then I walked
into my room and I saw these clothes on the floor with a
letter from Tsunami” Sesami said

“Wow a letter from Tsunami?” Gene said looking at Sesami
“Now what about the girls”

“Well I told them everything while you chatted with Tenchi
and when you got dressed” Sesami said “They are very happy
for us especially Ryoko and Aeka because now they say that
Tenchi is theirs”

“Haha very funny” Gene said. He picked up the little glass
and he drank it down. For a second his face turned red
and steam came out of his ears. Sesami started to giggle
then Gene poured a glass and handed it over to Sesami.
“Your turn babe” Gene said with a smile.

“I don’t know about this Gene” She said with a worried
look. “I’ll try it but it will be my first time” Sesami said.

“Hey tonight will be first night for a lot of things” Gene said
in a seductive voice to her as he kissed her on the cheek.

“Ohh sounds like fun what are you up to?” the drunk
Nobuyuki said.

“Hahaha it doesn’t involve you dad” Gene said. “All right
Sesami it’s time to drink up”

Gene slowly watched Sesami drink up the little shot glass or
sucke, her face turned light pink for a second and then she
shook her head. “Wow Gene I don’t think I’ll ever do that
again” Sesami said to Gene. “I don’t want you drinking this
and turning bad”

“Turning bad?” Gene said.

“That’s right on television I saw that people turn violent and
they made up excuses that they would never become drunk”
Sesami said with a worried look.

“Ok I wont drink ever again” Gene said as he moved his face
closer to Sesamis. “This will be my last night. Now give me a
Eskimo kiss”

“Well this won’t be your last time but just watch out” Sesami
said.

“Ahh GIMME GIMME GIMME” Gene said. Their noses
touched each others tips and they moved their heads side
to side. “MMMM Hehehe”

Ding dong the door bell rang and Gene got up to answer it.
He saw a kid in a red shirt and a blue hat. He was around
18 years old and he looked like a nice guy.

“Your food is here” The guy said

“Man you guys are fast” Gene said surprised

“Well we where kissing for a while” Sesami said. She was
quietly standing behind Gene.

“Wow too bad it went so fast” Gene replied to her.

“Excuse me” The guy said ruddily “That will be a 300”

“Ehh say what?” Gene said

“Well I did have to go and get those special items you
wanted” The guy said while he raised his right eyebrow.

“Right!! Well thank you very much” Gene put his hand in
his pocket and pulled. He gave the guy his money and called
for Tenchi.

“Thank you very much” The guy said and he walked away.
“And have lots of fun”

“Yeah thanks, bye” Gene said. Then Tenchi came and Gene
gave him the plastic bag with the special items in it “You know
where to put there right?”

“Yes I do” Tenchi said “Thanks for paying. I went and set the
table.”

“Gene. What’s in that bag?” Sesami said as they all
walked back into the living room. But Tenchi went into
the kitchen.

“It’s nothing” Gene re assured her. He looked at the table
and he saw everyone sitting around it with their chopsticks in
their hand. “Geez your all animals”

“Excuse me but who are you calling an animal? If it was not
for the attack you did on us. We would not be so low on
energy and so hungry” Aeka said.

“I’m sorry” Gene said

“Ahh don’t worry about it Gene our little princess here is just
upset that her little sister is a lot prettier than she is. At least
you bought the food for us” Ryoko said.

“GRRrrrr At least I’m a lot prettier than you. YOU YOU
MONSTER” said Aeka as she yelled at Ryoko.

“Wait girls please don’t fight in the house.” Tenchi said as he
quickly sat between them.

Gene and Sesami sat besides each other. Tenchi had ordered
lots of different kinds of food like Gene favorite. Mongolian
Beef, Sushi, Fish...etc. a lot of food was there.

Through the meal Gene and Sesami couldn’t stop feeding each
other. Sesami out food into Genes mouth and Gene did the
same thing to Sesami.

Ryoko looked at them in jealousy then she said “Tenchi
when will we do that?”

“You will never do such things with Lord Tenchi” Aeka
said.

“Ahh you 2 should get a room” Nobuyuki said. He was
still very drunk

Everyone laughed at Nobuyuki even Yosho. They quietly
well almost quietly everyone finished their meal. Gene kept
on giggling with Sesami and Aeka kept on arguing with
Ryoko.

After dinner everyone was really tired and stuffed. They
decided to go to bed early. Well everyone except Sesami
and Gene.

Sesami went to her room with Aeka. Then she got undressed
and she took a shower. Meanwhile Gene took a shower and
shaved. He knew that Sesami was coming tonight.

Gene went into his room and changed his bed sheets to silk
sheets that he bought at the mall. He got 2 candles that had a
sweet smell. Gene was never so excited before about a girl.

“Aeka I’m going to go sleep on the couch and watch TV” Sesami
said as she came into the room.

“Mmmmm Tenchi” Aeka said to herself. She was dreaming
about having sex with Tenchi again.

“Enough with the dreams” Sesami said to herself. She walked
out of her room. Then she quietly tip toed to Genes room.

She quietly turned the knob. Gene heard and he hopped into bed
after he turned the lights of. He acted that he was sleeping.

Sesami walked in and she was amazed at the sight of the red bed
sheets and the sweet smell of the red candles. *Hmm maybe he
was expecting me* She thought to herself. She closed and
locked the door. Then walked over and she saw Gene sleeping.
“Gene” She whispered.

“Wha wha what is it?” Gene said. He slowly opened his eyes
and he saw Sesami standing there next to his bed.

~~~~~~~~~GENES POINT OF VIEW~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I opened my eyes and I saw Sesami in a pink T-shirt with baby
blue shorts. I was acting tired but it was hard for me to hide
it because I was so excited about her coming tonight.

“Gene you don’t mind if we cuddle up tonight. Your room
is so much nicer than mine and Aeka is having those special
dreams about Tenchi and she is really loud sometimes” Sesami
said to me.

*Cuddle up* I though. Then I said “Sure Sesami I have some
very bad things to tell you.”

“What is it?” She said. She slowly laid down beside me.  I was
on my left side so I could look at her.

“You know when I still had that thing in me?” I told her I tried
to look as worried as I could.

“Yes that’s right. I remember” She said.

“Well that thing made me sleep with Washu and Kyone” I told
her.

I couldn’t even look at her. I turned to my right side and prayed
to myself. I told her “I understand if you never want to see me
again”

I felt right hand come under me and her left hand on top. She
wrapped her arms and legs around me and said “Look Gene
I don’t care what you did with them. I know that evil was inside
you and all that I care about is that I’ll have you for the rest of
my life.”

I was shocked. I can’t believe she just told me that. I said
“You mean that?” Then I slowly turned to my left and I
wrapped my arms around her waist.

“Yes I do Gene. I don’t care for them as long as I have you.”
She said in a seductive voice.

“I love you Sesami. and I want to make you happy for
the rest of my life” I told her.

“Ohh I love you so much Gene” She told me as he came
in close to me for a passionate kiss.

We kissed and I felt her little tongue come into my mouth. I
slowly sucked on her tongue and I put my tongue in her mouth.
She kept on giving little moans.

I slowly kissed down her neck and to her shirt. Then she
stopped. “Gene this is my first time, please be gentle” she told
me.

“Don’t worry Sesami nothing will ever hurt you as long as I am
around.” I told her.

She slowly sat up. Then she put her hands on her waist and lifted
her shirt. I was stunned as I looked at her body.

“Please don’t look Gene” She told me. She got up and she slowly
pulled down her shorts. Then she slowly climbed back in bed.

“Why Sesami?” I asked her as I couldn’t stop starring at her milk
white body. Who would have guessed that her pussy hair was the
same as hair

“Because I am very shy about my figure” She said. She didn’t
even look at me.

“Sesami I love everything about you. You have the most
beautiful body I have ever seen” I told her.

“You don’t mean that, you just want to have sex with me. That’s
why you changed your sheets and you put the candles up.”
She said.

“Sesami I mean everything I just told you. All the other girls
are jealous of you. They always stare at you.” I said. Then
she slowly looked at me and I looked into her deep pink
eyes. “Those 2 candles symbolize us Sesami, but not like the
candle my love for you will never die out.” I slowly laid down
to her right side and I put my head on her shoulder. “If you
want I can never have sex with you as long as I get to hug you
and be by your side.” I couldn’t believe I just said that.

She laughed and said “ You always sleep naked Gene?”

I looked down and I saw my hard dick. SHIT I couldn’t believe
I  forgot to wear underwear. “Yeah so” I said

She stopped laughing and she said “ I have never seen a man
penis before and this close”

She took her left hand and she ran her index finger down my
abs and she slowly grabbed the sides of my dick. Her soft hands
made me moan instantly. “Wait STOP” I said.

“Did I do something wrong Gene?” She said as she let go of
my dick.

“No no no it’s just that I had something planned for you” I told
her as seductively as I could.

I made her lie down totally still. “Ok Gene” She said. Then I
reached under the bed and I pulled out a little plastic bag.

“These are the special items I made the kid buy for me” I said
then I took out a little white cardboard box and I took out a
can of whip cream from the bag. He charged me a lot for 2
items.

I put the white box on her left side and the whip cream on her
right side. I knelt down over her legs parallel to her. My dick
laid right on top of her pussy. I put it there just to see how
wet she will get. She was starting to get wet.

I slowly opened the box and she saw the fruit inside. “Ah
strawberries” She said with a smile.

“That’s right” I said “ I want to make this as romantic as
possible”

I picked up one of the strawberries and put it by her
mouth. She understood and she took a bite. Then I had the
half bitten strawberry over her left nipple. The juice started to
drip onto her nipple. With every drop she let out a little
moan. “Hmmm Gene” She said.

I let another couple of drops on her left nipple and then I
placed the bitten strawberry on her right nipple. The
strawberries were fresh and cold. I just brought them up
from the refrigerator. I felt her pre-cum coming out of her
pussy and getting wetter under my balls.

I lowered my head and started to like her left nipple. Then
I sucked on her nipple and she moaned a little louder, I felt her
nipple getting harder and harder. After I liked and sucked all
the juices off I started to nibble on the nipple.

I took little bites and she was enjoying this. My right hand
was occupied with messaging her ass and my left hand was
messaging  her right breast.

“How do you like it so far?” I asked

“Please don’t stop Gene” She said, every move I did
and she watched. I felt her pussy getting wetter and wetter.

I ate the strawberry on her nipple and I took out another one
from the box. I took a bit and I let the juice drip onto her
right nipple and breast. Again I liked her breast clean. Then I
sucked and finally I nibbled.

I raised my right knee and I took her left leg from under me
and I put it around my waist. Then I did the same with her right
left. Her legs where wrapped around me. I watched her eat
another strawberry and she sucked on it. Some of the juices
that she didn’t get dripped down her cheeks. She sucked the
strawberry dry and then she ate it.

I reached for the whip cream and I shook the can. I started
to spray her from about a inch above her pussy hair to the
bottom of her neck. She had a white line on whip cream
separating her left and right side.

I broke her wrap around me and I lowered myself just above
her pussy. I gave her a kiss on her pussy lips and I licked of her
pre-cum off. She moaned and she arched her back. She
thought that I was going to lick her but I was just teasing her.

I licked at the bottom of the whip cream line. Every couple of
inches my mouth was full of whip cream so I had to swallow it.

She was loving every second of this and so was I. After I licked
her belly button clean I had to spray some more whip cream
and I had to lick of more. It made her giggle and it made her
very, very erotic.

After I licked her belly button clean like 4 times I slowly started
to lick higher and higher.

I got to the valley between her breast and my dick was
beating faster than my heart. I wanted to be in her so bad.
I liked between her breast for a while and then she started
to tell me something.

“Gene Please stop teasing me” She said, she sounded like she
was begging for me. “I need you now Gene PLEASE”

“Ok but if this hurts please tell me” I said to her.

She wrapped her legs around me and I kneeled.
I grabbed my dick with my right hand and I placed it a little
into her pussy lips. I put it deep enough to fell her hymen.

I laid on top of her and she digged her nails into my back
she was nervous that it would hurt and I was nervous that
I would hurt her too.

I started to move my hips forward and closer to her hips. I felt
my dick piercing into her. I pushed harder and harder and she
begged me to push harder. She didn’t want to stop now.

I pushed harder and harder. I felt like my dick was about
to break but then suddenly I ripped her.

“Ohh” She cried and a few tears came down her cheeks.
I stopped to check on her but before I saw able to say anything
she said “Don’t slow down, this is so much fun. And very
kinky”

“Ok well if anything feels wrong tell me ok?” I said to her.

I must have been a fool because I totally forgot how good
her tight pussy felt. I moved my hips back and forth really slowly
and I felt her muscles closing tightly around the shaft of my
dick. She was pulling me in. So I went in. Her warm pre-cum
made her pussy smooth.

“Oh oh oh oh oh oh Gene” She said “ I love you Gene and I
want you deep inside me Gene”

“I love you more and I never want to break apart” I told her.

“Gene something is happening” She said she was in so much
pleasure but she tried to look worried.

“Whats wrong?” I asked her

“I feel like I’m going to explode Gene I don’t know what
to do” She said.

“Let it out, Im going to cum too I’m just about to reach
my climax” I told her. Then I finally cummed. I moaned
a little.

“Oh GEEEEENNNNNEEEE” She said as she was gasping
for air. I could see that she was so relieved. “ We have to do
some more of that tomorrow night”

I could feel her cum surrounding my dick. Then I removed my
dick out of her and I cummed all over her legs. I did the same
thing with Kyone and Washu but I cummed in their asses. When
I pulled out she didn’t even notice.

“Yeah and we will do different positions and we’ll do foreplay
too!” I said all excited. I was out of breath.

“Other positions?” she asked gasping for air.

“Yeah lots” I said. Then I slowly moved down for a kiss.

“Gene, before you cummed you pulled your penis out. Why
did you do that?” She asked

*SHIIIIIT* I thought. Then I told her “Well I didn’t want you
to get pregnant. I’ll do it in you when we get some special pills
from Washu”

“Ohh Gene” She said. Then I laid down next to her and she put
her head on chest. “You care too much for me”

“That’s cause I love you” I said. Then I slowly reached for the box
of strawberries and said “Lets eat these while they are fresh”

She then raised herself and put her head on the pillow beside
mine. I slowly put a strawberry in her mouth (The stem parts
were cut of).

When it was in her mouth she let out a  little “MMMMmmmm”
Then she sucked on my fingers and licked them clean.

We fed each other the strawberries. She sucked and licked
my fingers clean and I sucked and licked her fingers clean.
After we finished the strawberries we felt kind of dirty.

“Gene my legs are too sticky, I wont be able to fall asleep”
she said.

Then I looked at her legs and I touched my sticky cum.
“Opps sorry” I said

“Its ok Gene” She said while she ran her fingers up and down
my chest.

“Hey lets go take a shower together, and then we can have some
foreplay sex. If you have the energy for it. Plus we have rested
for enough time to have sex again” I said. I was getting really
excited.

“Ok sounds like fun Gene” She said. I can hear her voice getting
a little excited.

We both got up quietly and I gave her one of my bath robes.
We put on the bath ropes and I checked my watch and it was
nearly 2 am.

I opened the door and checked to see if anyone was around.
“Ok lets go” I said.

I held her hand and we walked into the bathroom. We went into
the male one because someone could have been in the hot spring.

I locked the door behind me and she turned on the shower. She
took her robe of and I quickly did the same. We both hopped into
the shower and started to kiss and shove each others tongues
down our throats. The steam of the warm water quickly fogged
the room.

“It time for some foreplay” I said while I raised my right eyebrow.

She smiled and she nodded her head. I kneeled down in the
shower and I kissed her pussy. I opened her lips with my hand
and I started to lick inside her. She moaned in please and put her
hands behind my head. She shoved my head into her pussy.

I licked further and further. I could feel her body shake with
please and she said “Its happening Gene. You don’t have to
drink it”

I said “But I want to, I want you inside me forever”

Her pussy muscles squeezed around the sides of my tongue
and sucked me in deeper. I felt it twitch. She moaned. Then
she started to cum and I started to drink. Her semen was
so warm and so sweet. She kept on shooting her loads into
my mouth and I kept on drinking. I licked her totally clean
and gave her a little kiss on the pussy lips.

“You should shave that pussy hair sometime.” I said in a joke
way.

“Thank you Gene and I’ll do anything you want.” She said as I
slowly got up.

I gave her a kiss and then she slowly kneeled down. The warm
water was spraying on my chest and Sesami was starting to play
around with my dick. My dick hardened straight away, and she
started to drewl at the site of my dick right in front of her.

She put her right hand around the shaft of my dick and she
was cupping my balls with her left hand. She kept on gently
squeezing and messaging my balls.

She slowly started to move her small hand up and down my dick.
The felling of her soft hand, messaging of my balls and the warm
water on my upper body nearly made me explode right there.

She saw that in my face and she put my dick in her mouth.
“MMmmmm Taste so good” She said with a full mouth
of my dick.

Her mouth was warm and wet. I felt her little tongue running
from side to side of my dick. She was desperate to take in
more of my dick. So she put her hands on my ass and she moved
her head closer and closer to the bottom of my dick.

I wasn’t able to put my dick in her all the way so I needed to know
if she could do it. She put my entire dick in her mouth and made
little vacuum noises.

I can tell you that she sucked me like one too. The feeling
was like total ecstasy.

I started to cum into her mouth. She didn’t know what to
do so she started to swallow my cum. I was some of it spilling
out of her mouth and down her chin. I kept on cumming and
cumming.

“MMmmm more Gene” She said until I was dried out.

“How did you like that Sesami?” I asked her with my smile
from ear to ear.

“I loved it!” She said.

We washed each other clean with soap, shampoo and
conditioner. We got out and went back to my room. Since
we had sex on top of the sheet the underneath was clean.

I took off my robe and climbed under my covers. I laid down
and watched her slowly strip off the robe. Then she slowly
came down and laid by my side. We put our arm around each
other and she wrapped her legs around my body. My dick was
pressed by her pussy.

“Thank you for everything Gene” Sesami said.

“No I should be thanking you. Next time we will be using many
different techniques and maybe some leather with a whip!”
I said

“A WHIP?” She said really confused.

“Hehehe just joking” I said. Then we slowly kissed each other
and fell asleep by each others side.

~~~~~~~~~THE END~~~~~~~~~~~~

So what did you all think?
I think thats my best one yet but I have some crazy ideas for the
future stories and some people make a huge come back!!
E-mail me and tell me what you thought of the story
CMDR_DUFF@YAHOO.COM
dont forget vote for me!