I don’t own shit except Gene. And this is a lemon.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                                   Gene Mesaki II
                                 “ A secret crush”

After last night with Kyone Gene was out, he had little energy left.
He slept all the way through  to lunch time, it was around 12 P.M..

Sesami finished cooking lunch so first she went to the living
room and told Aeka, Ryoko, Mihoshi and Kyone that it is
lunch time. Then she told Ryo-ohki  to run over to Tenchi to
bring him back for lunch. Then she went into Washus lab and told
the scientist that it was lunch time.

“Ohh wait a second I nearly forgot about Gene” Sesami said
quietly to herself. She ran up the stairs, and at Genes door she
slowed down. She slowly opened the door and saw Gene sleeping
in his boxers. She tip-toed over to his bed and she whispered
“Ehh Gene, wake up Gene” she said gently into his ear.

Gene was asleep but as soon as he heard Sesamis voice he smiled.
Then he said “Hmmmm”. He was asleep but he grabbed her and
laid her down on his right side. He tightly hugger her. “Isn’t this
much nicer, don’t ever leave”

Sesami didn’t know what to do, but she kind of liked it. But she
knew it wasn’t right. Then Gene wrapped his legs around her
and then she felt something press against her leg. Gene lips
where inches from her lips. “Ehh Gene please wake up”
She said a last time.

“Ehh wha....” Gene slowly opened his right eye then his left.
He saw Sesami right next to him, and he felt as he had tightly
hugger her. “Ohh how long have you been here” Gene said
in a warm and teasing voice. But he was just kidding around.

“Morning sleepy!” Sesami said with that amazingly cute smile
of hers. “I came to wake you up but then you grabbed me”

“Hehehe woops sorry there. Hey I could get used to waking
up to a pretty girl like you” he said as he let go of her. Then
felt that his dick was firmly pressed against her leg. He looked
down and jumped out of the bed. “I’ll be down later” He said
as he dashed into the washroom to clean up.

Sesami got up and then she though * I could get used to waking
up next to you? Hmm how cute* Then she went downstairs and
she walked by Kyone. “ I just woke up Gene, hes in the just
getting ready.”

“Ok thank you Sesami” Kyone said. She walked upstair into
Genes room. She sat on his bed and decided to wait for him.

Gene cleaned up. While he was brushing his teeth he thought.
*Hey where was Kyone? How am I supposed to tell her
that I’m not interested in her?* Gene walked into his room and saw
Kyone sitting on his bed. “That thing last nigh......” He said while
he was cut off.

“That was a one night thing” Kyone said.

“Yeah thats it, I’m soo happy that you thought the same thing..
Let’s never speak about it again. O.K??” He said hoping she
would agree.

She got up. Then she walked towards. He hugged her and then
she stood on her toes and gave Gene a kiss on his cheek.
“Ok I’ll see you around.” She walked out the door and down
the stairs to the table where the food had been set up.

“Hey I should have brought some clothes, Hehe stupid me”
Gene said to himself. He put on a pair of black shorts that
were down under his knees. Then he put on a white under
shirt. “Hmm I wonder if there is a mall around here somewhere”
He walked downstairs, and at the same time Tenchi just got
home from the carrot patch. Gene greeted everyone and sat
down on his new spot next to Sesami.

Everyone digged into their food. The food was great, it was
like a Juraian version of Mongolian beef. Then there was a wide
choice of different kind of foods. Gene looked at the food and
he put on a confused look.

Sesami noticed it. She frowned and said “You don’t like my
cooking do you” then she looked down.

“No no no, I love it, its all so amazing. But I don’t know
which one to eat first” Gene said. “You are the best and cutest
cook I have ever met or seen in my life”

“Thank you!” Sesami said in relief, she looked up at him as he
digged into the beef.

“Geez enough with the cute stuff” Ryoko quietly said, thinking
that no one will hear it.

“Hmmm...” Gene stopped, then he stared at Ryoko “Hahahaha
well Tenchi has a weak spot for cute talk. He loves it when
girls call him cute” he said it with a funny grin on his face.

Ryoko looked straight at Tenchi, she hugged him and started
to say all these cute things. Funny enough Aeka didn’t get jelous
because she knew Genes trick.

“Ahhh, now why would you say that Gene. Look Ryoko hes just
joking around. Look at him hes laughing at you” Tenchi said,
desperately trying to free himself.

“Grrrr, no one messes with me” Ryoko angrily said. She let go of
Tenchi. Then she lifted her right arm, and made a ball of energy.

Then she trew the ball of energy straight at him. Then out of no
where Gene picked up a big peace of meat with his chop sticks,
he held up the meat right in front of the ball coming straight at him.
The ball hit the meat and weirdly enough it cooked the meat even
more. “Hey Sesami I like my meat well done but this is a joke”
Gene said.

Everyone started to laugh and Ryoko got madder and madder.
She was going to make another ball but the Tenchi said “STOP
THAT RYOKO”. She instantly stopped then she started to eat
again. She mumbled a few words to her self but no one cared.

“Hey Tenchi I was wondering is there a shopping mall around
here somewhere in this town.” Gene said

“Yeah there is. Hmm I have to go to see Dad later at work
because I have some project that he could help me on. It right
next to his work. I can take you there and you can stay there
for a couple of hours” Tenchi said in a happy voice.

“Dad works on Sundays?” Gene said looking a bit confused.

“Only this one.. Some special project that had to be done by
tomorrow” Tenchi replied.

“Ok sure, I have to buy some clothes” Gene said as he started
to dig into his food again. Then he felt a few little tugs on his
shirt.
He looked to see what it was and it was Sesami with a question.

“Whats a mall Gene?” Sesami asked.

“You haven’t ever been to one before? Well its a big building
with lots of little shops in them. Hey why don’t you come with me?
You can help me pick out what to wear.” Gene said with a warm
and inviting smile on his face

‘That be great!” Sesami said

“Great can we come too?” Mihoshi said. In her usual cheery voice

“NO Mihoshi we have to go on patrol today” Kyone quickly said

“Ohhh” Mihoshi said with a little frown on her face.

“Ok that will be great then. Gene you, me and Sesami can go
into town and then you two can go to the mall while I see dad for
a couple of hours.” Tenchi said getting excited.

“What about me Tenchi?” Ryoko said, almost begging.

“Sorry but today you and Aeka have chores to do.” Tenchi replied

Both Aeka and Ryoko got kind of mad. Then Gene was almost
expecting Washu to say something. He looked at her. * I guess I
should ask her too* he though. “What about you Little Washu?”

“No thanks I have too many experiments” Washu replied. *Hmm
I’ve noticed that Gene and Sesami like each other a bit, maybe I’ll
send a camera after them and watch them in secret*

The meal ended in a hurry. Tenchi went upstairs into his room getting
his stuff together. Washu rushed into her lab, fixing some insect
cameras. Aeka and Ryoko went up to the Shrine. Aeka brought some
food to Yosho, since he didn’t come for lunch. Kyone and Mihoshi
went up into space. Nobuyuki was already at work. Ryo-ohki was
with Ryoko. For some reason Ryo-ohki was very tired. Gene helped
Sesami clean and dry the plates. He went upstairs and put on some other
clothes. Then Sesami thought it was going to be a very special time, so

she put on her clothes from the time of the carnival.

“Very nice Sesami” Gene said as he put on his shoes downstairs.

“Thank you” She said happily, then she put on her shoes.

Tenchi got ready and they all left. They all walked towards the bus
stop.

At the shrine, Yosho greeted the girls.
“Ahhh you’ve come to help me. Thank you very much. “Yosho said

“Here is some food for you” Aeka said as she gave him the food.

“Thank you very much.” Yosho replied. He took the food and sat on
stairs. He finished his meal and he noticed that there was something
under his plate. It was a letter with ‘Yosho” written on it. Yosho
was kind of confused. He opened the letter and it said.

‘Dear Grandfather
   I know we have had our differences in the past but
lets put that behind us. It would warm Tenchis heart to
see us together as a whole family.
   - Gene’

“Hmm maybe I should give him a break” Yosho said to himself.

Back that the bus stop. Tenchi, Gene and Sesami got on a taxi
instead of a bus. They went all the way to Nobuyukis work
place. They got off.

“Ok the mall is right there.” Tenchi pointed to a big structure
with lots of people around it. “I have to go in this building and
see dad.”

“Bye bye Tenchi” Sesami said as she waved to Tenchi.

“Ok we’ll see you later man, at around 8 when the malls
close” Gene said. He looked at his watch and it was 1:30.
“Ready Sesami?”

“Yeah!” Sesami said very excited.

They walked towards the mall. The outside was packed with
people coming in and out. They got in and Sesamis eyes
opened wide. “Wow” She had never seen anything like this
except the carnival, but the mall was better.

There where 3 floors the bottom had normal shops and a
food court, the second floor was full of clothing, electronic
and other shops. The third floor was a movie theater. And
in the center of the mall was this giant water fountain. There
where lights under the fountain to give it special effects and
many different colors. Around the fountain there where lots
of kids splashing each other and playing around.

“So how do you like it? And where do you want to go first
Sesami?” Gene asked her.

“Wow it’s great Gene, one of the greatest things I’ve ever
seen. We’ll go anywhere you want to Gene.” Sesami
said in amazement.

“Hmm how about a movie? But first” Gene said. He leaned
over and he held Sesamis hand. They walked over to the
fountain. “Some people say that if you throw money into the
fountain you can get a wish.” He put his other hand into his
pocked and pulled out some change. He gave some to Sesami
and said. “Here you go, throw it in there and make a wish.”

Sesami took the money. She closed her eyes and then she threw
the money into the fountain. Gene did the same thing. “Now lets
go to the theatres. And watch a movie.” He said with a little
excitement in his voice.

They took the elevator with the glass wall to the third floor. They
stopped in front of the cinema and read some of the movies.

“Which one would you like to see Sesami?” Gene asked

“I don’t mind Gene” Sesami said as she smiled as Gene.

“All right, how about this one called , Vampires.” Gene said with
grin. He knew that its a scary movie. “2 Two for Vampires
please.” He said to the ticket seller.

“Ehh isn’t she a bit too young for this movie? It is very scary”
He young worker said.

“She told me to see this man, she seen it before. I haven’t”
Gene replied.

“Ehh ok then” the guy said.

He gave them the tickets. “Ehh Gene did he say scary movie?”
Sesami said looking kind of worried.

“Hey don’t worry its all fake and it wont scare the Princess
of Jurai. You’ve properly seen scarier monsters in really life”
He assured her that she wont be afraid.

“Okay then” She said

They walked into the lobby and towards the cashier.
“Hmm give me some, Sour Sweeties. And...... what drink
would you like Sesami?” He asked her.

“Juice please.” She said.

“Ok and two juices” He told the cashier. They got the snacks
 and went into theaters. No one was in there. It was only Gene
and Sesami. “Wow it looks like this movie is too scary for
people” He said in a jokeish way.

“What?” Sesami said with a really worried look.

“Hahahaha I’m just joking.” Gene said.

He smiled and Sesami was happy again, she loved to see him
smile and he loved her smile. They sat down in the back middle.
The movie started.

It was in a scary town, and this young female was walking alone
in this town. It was very dark and scary. Then out of nowhere
someone grabbed her and bit her in the neck.

Sesami got really worried and she let out a little scream. Gene
looked at her, and he didn’t want her to be scared so he sunk
lower on his seat. Then he grabbed her arm, and put his head on
her shoulder. Then he said “I’m scared Sesami, please hold me”
He acted it very well, it actually sounded like he was scared.
He even shivered sometimes.

Sesami looked over to him. She wasn’t scared anymore. She
saw how scared he was, and she forgot about herself. “Don’t be
scared. Here I’ll hold you.” She put her arm around Genes
shoulder and she held him tight. Then she put her head on his head.

“Tha - tha - thank you Sesami” Gene said. *Very nice, shes not
scared anymore. Normally it works the other way, but whatever.
I just don’t want her to be scared.* He thought to himself.

“Very good Gene.” Washu said very proudly as she watched them
on a big screen t.v in her lab. She sent some insect cameras after
them to spy on them. “So he does like her, and she likes him back.”

Gene and Sesami watched the movie , they ate their snacks and drank
their juice. Every time, the Vampire killed a girl, Gene let out a
little
“AHHHH, OH NO” He said it just to act very scared.

Every time he screamed, Sesami held him tighter. She wasn’t even
scared at all. The movie ended at 4. They walked out.  “ Thank you
Sesami. “ Gene said

“Its ok. I thought that you weren’t afraid of anything?” Sesami said.

“Well, I am a few times.”Gene smiled at her. “Now lets go shopping!”

They got in the glass elevator. Sesami loved watching the fountain as
it changed from yellow to green then blue, and purple. It kept on
changing colors. They went down to the second floor and Gene saw
a swimming store.

“Hey Sesami, we have like a pool in the house right?” Gene asked her.

“No Gene it’s a hot spring” Sesami replied.

“Oh ok well I don’t have any swimming trunks there. Let’s go get
some” Gene said.

Sesami knew that it was only for girls, but a part of her didn’t want
to
tell Gene. She didn’t know why but she wanted to see him in trunks.
She had never seen a man nearly naked before.

They walked in and Gene walked towards the men section. “There
are soo many choices. What should I try on?” Gene said, not knowing
which one to choose. He saw 2 different ones he liked. One was blue
and it had two yellow stripes on each side. The other one was white
with red flowers all around it. “Well Sesami I like these 2 but which
one
do you prefer?”

Sesami looked at the 2 trunks. She felt them and she said “Well try
them on and we’ll see which one looks better on you. But I really like
the flower one”

“O.k there are the changing rooms right there” Gene said as he walked
towards the room.

“I’ll sit right here” Sesami replied as she sat down on the waiting
seat.

The store was filled with lots of people. It was the summer time and
all the woman were trying to get the latest fashions. Gene quickly put
on the flower pair of trunks. Then he came out. He walked over to
Sesami and turned around. This woman in the store was in total shock
she dropped the bikini in her hand as soon as she saw Gene.

“Well Sesami? You like this one?” Gene said.

“Wow Gene that looks great” Sesami replied in a cheery voice. “I have
ehh...” She said while she looked at Genes body.

Since Gene’s a boxer and he’s 6’2 he was pretty huge. His arms are the
size of tree trunks. Huge chest, she had never seen any one in that
kind
of shape before. She was totally shocked. 8 pack of abs and not a
single
pound of fat.

“Something wrong Sesami?” Gene said, he started to look worried.

“Wow are you some kind of bodybuilder? I swear I’ve seen you
somewhere before” This woman replied, she couldn’t take her eyes of
Gene.

“What? Eh I’m a boxer?” Gene replied in a confused look.

“No way your Gene Mesaki aren’t you? please let me have a picture
with you” This guy said.

“Yeah but let me get me clothes, then later I’ll take a pic with you...
Now Sesami are you ok?” Gene said as he kneeled down before her.
He put both his hands on either both sides of the chair.

“There isn’t anything wrong” Sesami said as she smiled at Gene.

“Ok thats good, I can’t believe I got worried over nothing.” Gene
replied. But for some reason he couldn’t move or maybe he didn’t
want to move. He gazed into Sesamis eyes. He couldn’t look away.

She couldn’t look away hes self. Gene kept on wishing that he
could kiss her, but he didn’t cause she was way too young.

It felt like they looked at each other for a million years. They looked
deeper and deeper into each others souls.

“Excuse me” The lady said who is working there. “Those trunks look
great on you, you certainly have the body for it.”

Gene suddenly snapped out of it “Yeah I’ll take these. Let me just go
and take them off first.” Gene got up and started to walk back to the
changing room.

“Aww what a cute little girl” The woman said as she looked at Sesami.
“You have such a cute daughter” She said to Gene.

Sesami smiled and blushed. Gene stopped and he was stunned then he
 said “DAUGHTER? what are you talking about.”

“Ohh I’m sorry then you have such a lovely sister. I see that you both
come from a very pretty family.” The woman said.

Sesami started to giggle now.

“Hahaha I don’t know what your talking about. Thats my future wife!”
Gene said as he joked around.

“You sicko” The woman said as the walked back towards the cashier

Sesami was totaly stunned. She froze and thought *Whhhatt? future
wife?*

Gene looked at Sesami and he started to laugh even louder. Sesami
was totally confused. “Hey I was joking Sesami. I just met you last
night. BWAHAHAHAHA!” He said to her. Then he turned around
and walked back to the change room.

“Oh ok Gene I get it.” Sesami said as she laughed back, and she
waited.

Gene put on his clothes and walked towards the woman at the
cashier, “Hey your not good at taking jokes are you?” He said
to her.

“Oh I’m sorry, I see your a very funny man” She said .

Gene paid her the money. Sesami and Gene said goodbye to
the woman. They walked around all around the mall. They went
to nearly all the stores. Every time Gene bought something, He also
bought something for Sesami. She didn’t want to get anything
but Gene kept on insisting.

Everywhere they walked people always stopped them and asked
for an autograph or a picture. People couldn’t believe that the
Heavy Weight Champion of the world was in that little town.

“Wow Gene your very popular” Sesami said to him. She was
starting to get bored of waiting for people to take picture.

“Well eh thanks Sesami...” He looked at her and he saw she was
getting kind of bored. “Hey why don’t we go to the pet shop and
then we’ll head back see Dad and Tenchi.”

Sesami put a smile on her face. “That sounds great!”

Genes hand were full of shopping bags. But he still managed to
go to the pet shop. They walked into the store, they saw all
the little dogs. They petted most of them. Then they played with
the cats.

“Hey doesn’t this little cat remind you of that little Ryo-ohki ?”
Gene said to Sesami while he petted the little black kitten.

Every little animal seemed to love Sesami. The little black
kitten went between Sesamis ankles and rubbed its body
against Sesami. It let out little purrs. Sesami enjoyed it a lot.

“Hehe shes tickling me.” Sesami said as she giggled.

“You know we could buy her Sesami but that would make
Ryo-ohki jelous” Gene said to Sesami. Suddenly Gene started
to smell something. He wasn’t sure but what it was but it was
some kind of disease. Genes virus makes his senses stronger.
“Hey I think there is something on that cat Sesami, let’s go”

“Yeah I wouldn’t want to make Ryo-ohki sad anyways.”
Sesami said to Gene as she hopped towards him.

Washu was confused. “What? There is something on the cat?”
Then she made the insect fly towards the cat. She started to
analyze the cat. “Hmm how odd, Gene smelling sense is
unusually strong for a human. He smelled that the cat had
a special type of animal cancer.”

“Here Sesami, do me a favor and go wash up, I think that
little kitty cat was dirty.” Gene asked Sesami nicely. They
where right outside a washroom anyways.

“Ok I’ll be right back” Sesami quickly rushed into the
washroom. She cleaned up and came back. “Gene
my legs are tired.” She said to him.

Gene looked at his wrist watch. “Wow it is 7:50.
All right, If you hold these 2 bags then I’ll pick you up and
I’ll hold you and you put them on your lap.”

“Ok Gene” Sesami said. She was kind of tired and so was
Gene.

Gene put his hands on Sesamis weist, then he picked her up.
He put his right forearm under Sesami. She sat comfortably.
And then she put 2 light bags on he lab, then she rested her
head on Genes right chest. She really liked his muscles and
he knew it.

Then they walked out of the mall and towards the building.
As soon as they came to the front doors. Tenchi and
Nobuyuki came outside.

“Hey there” Nobuyuki said. “Here let us help you out.
Get some of those bags, Tenchi”

“Ok dad” Tenchi replied “Wow Sesami  must have had
a fun day. It looks like shes dead sleep”

“Yeah no kidding, but all we did was walk around.
Thanks for taking these bags away” Gene said happily
but kind of tired.

Tenchi took all the bags. Nobuyuki got a taxi and he
sat in the front. While Sesami was alseep on Genes chest.
“Hey whats quiet a load there. What did you buy?”
Nobuyuki said.

“Well I bought stuff for everyone. Well just me, you, Tenchi
Yosho and Sesami here, I dont really care about the rest”
Gene said.

The 3 Mesaki men chatted while coming home. The taxi
finally reached home after 30 minutes. They all got out and
Nobuyuki was going to pay for the ride but Gene didn’t let
him. “Look Dad I make much more money than you, and I
have enough. I’ll pay for it” Gene said to his dad.

“Hmm something surely smells good” Tenchi said as he
sniffed around.

“Thats weird Sesami is here with us, I wonder who did the
cooking at home?” Nobuyuki said.

“Hahahaha what you two are telling me that none of the
other girls can cook?” Gene said laughing really loudly.

He woke up Sesami. She looked around and then she
rubber her eyes and said. “Oh we are home?”

“Yup” Gene replied to her. Then he slowly put her down
and they all walked into the house.

Tenchi opened the door and the group walked in.
They took of their shoes and put the back on the steps.
Then they all walked into the living room and they saw
Mihoshi, Kyone, Aeka and Ryoko sitting around the
table.

“Wow who cooked?” Tenchi said as he was amazed.

“That would be me” Yosho replied as he walked out of
the kitchen.

“Grandpa.. Ehhh I mean Yosho. How are you?” Gene
said. He hasn’t seen his former master in years.

Gene bowed to Yosho and he bowed back. They all
sat around the table and Gene told Yosho about his
entire past. Just before they started to dig into the
food Washu came out of her lab, in her adult form and in
a skirt.

“Wow Washu you decided to show up” Sesami said.

“Yeah and in your adult form” Ryoko replied in a suspicious
voice.

“Well I was kind of tired of being a child. So I thought that
I would be a adult for a couple of days” Washu replied as
she sat down. She didn’t kneel down but she crossed her legs
and she was sittting opposide Gene.

*Hmmm She kinda cute in her adult form* Gene thought
“Adult form? Thats weird, you can change whenever you want?”
Gene said trying to look confused.

“Yes I can change any time I please” Washu replied.

After a couple of minutes, Gene started to smell something
that turned him on. He wasn’t sure what it was but he kept
on thinking. *Why am I smelling pussy? It must be Washu
she isn’t waring anything under her skirt*

*Good I think hes noticing, it’s been a while since I have
had a man, and I do want to study this ‘Virus’ of his
so I would need a sperm sample* Washu thought to herself
as she looked at him, and he looked back.

*Why is she doing this to me? I can almost taste her in my
mouth. I can’t control it. I have to have her. But I dont want
her” Gene thought. He looked at his food and he started to
chow down. He was trying not to think of her pussy but
her kept on thinking * I wonder if she has pink hair.
Hehehe* Then he said. “So Washu could you examine this
virus in me?”

“Sure after dinner just come to my lab and I’ll help you out”
She replied with a smile.

*Hmmm how odd, normally Washu doen’t have time for
anyone* Yosho thought quietly to himself.

Dinner ended quickly. Sesami went to the kitchen to clean the
dishes. Washu to her lab. Aeka, Mihoshi, Kyone and Ryoko
went to watch some t.v. Yosho went to his shrine with
Nobuyuki, they took some sucke with them to celebrate the
family being whole again. Tenchi went to his room to study.
It looks like everyone had forgotten about Gene so after
Washu went into her lab, Gene waited for 10 minutes and
he decided to follow.

Gene opened the lab door and walked in for the first time ever.
It was all black. He didn’t know what to do so he just walked
foward. Then he fell into a dark black tunned. He landed on
the hard ground and then he shook his head.

~~~~~GENES POINT OF VIEW STARTS HERE~~~~~

“Shit my head hurts. The the hell would put a damn
tunnel in the middle of no where?”

“Ahh are you hurt?” Washu said to me.

I looked up and I saw her in a nusres outfit. She had the
top, the hat and the short mini skirt on.

“Here I can examine you and I can help you. “ She said
to me in a seductive voice.

I got up, and I looked around. It looked like a doctors
office. It had everything, the doctor examination table. But
this one cabinet was weird. There was a sign on it saying
‘LUBRICANTS’ I walked towards the examination table
and I sat down on it.

“WHAAAA! Where are my clothes” I looked down on
myself and all I saw was that I was in my boxers.

“Well I can’t examine you if you’re wearing all your clothes
now can I? Now back at the dinner. You smelled me didn’t you?
You want me don’t you?” She told me.

“It’s not me that wants you but it......” There was that smell again.
I smelled her pussy again, and I got a hard on straight away.

I got up and she walked towards me. I picked her up and sat her
down on the table. Then slowly I pulled her skirt up. I wasn’t in
the mood for kissing or any of that shit. Then I saw it, I saw her
lovely pussy and a patch of pink pupic hair above it. I pushed her
skirt up all the way and I went down really fast. I want that damn
pussy. I kissed the lips of her pussy and she let out a little moan.

“Hmmm don’t do me slowly, fuck me like an animal” She
begged me.

So I wasted no time, I opened her pussy lips and ran my tongue
up and down it. Then I showed my tongue all he way. I tasted her
precum while I messaged her ass with my hands. I drove my tongue
deeper and deeper. She moaned and screamed. I can fell her juices
comming down onto my tongue.

Then I found her hole and I tried harder and harer to shove my tongue
in her. She arched her back trying to get me all the way.

“AHHHH ITS BEEN TOO LONG” She shouted.
“TOOOOOOOOO LOOOONNNGGGGGGGGG.
AHHHHHHHHHH, YES GENE YES “ She started screaming
at the top of her voice.

As I tongued in deeper I felt her muscles tightening around my
tongue. Two muscles, one on each side. I liked faster and faster.
Then she finally cummed.

She let out another long scream.
“AHHHHHHH”

And then I felt her warm semen run down my tongue. It was warm
and salty. I shoved my mouth into her pussy. I was trying to gulp it
all up. She just kept on squirting at me. She shot at least 5 loads
into
my mouth and I couldn’t stop drinking it. I needed more.

“Stop there none left” She said gasping for air” My turn now”

I stopped and I looked up at the. I couldn’t control myself anymore.
It had taken over again. I jumped onto the table and I ripped of my
pants.

I leaned back a little and I rested on my elbows. She looked at my
cock and it looked like it had grown. She kneeled on the table
and she took my dick into her right hand.

“Alright my advice is that I start to....” She was saying.

“I don’t give a fuck what you think just shut up and suck” I said
to her. But I didn’t say it in my normal voice, I said it in a dark
and a very evil voice. Almost devilish. She notice but she didn’t care.

Then she put her left hand on my dick and she started to jack it off.
She moved her head right above my dick. She slowly opened her
mought and put my dick in her mouth. She started to suck like
a fucking vacum. She licked then sucked . She was rubbing her hand
up and down my dick at the same time.  I felt her saliva run down my
dick. Then she removed my hand and she sucked down and deeper.
She went down all the way. My dick was proberly down her throat.

I started to cum. “ Oh shit right there” I said. She kept on sucking
and sucking. Then she swallowed. I cummed right into her throat
and she kept on swallowing.

“Ohhh FUCK YES” I said to her.

“MMMMmmm That tastes way to good” She replied licking her
lips.

Then I got up and stood up again. She sat up and she was in the
same position we started of when I liked her. I wacked my dick
trying to get it up. But then I smelled her pussy and I saw the pink
patch, my dick came up automatically. She spread her legs open,
and I couldn’t take it. I grabbed the top of my dick and I guided
it into her pussy.

Then let out a little moan, and I went deeper into her clit. I found
her hole right away. So she shifted towards me and I grabbed her
ass and pulled her closer. Now her pussy was wet and it was
getting tighter. I felt the muscles on both side suezzing my dick.
It felt like it was gonna eat my dick.

I went in deeper and deeper and Washu was in more and more
pain. “Please stop Gene” she said. “Stop it hurts too much”
She begged me. But I didn’t care. I just kept on fucking her
faster and deeper.

 I nearly reached my climax and I nearly came
but something inside my head said *STOP, GIVE HER MORE
PAIN, FUCK HER UP THE ASS AND RIP HER APART*
So I did just that. I stopped and she was going to pass out.

“No more, I can’t take it anymore. This isn’t fun” she begged
me to stop again but I wasn’t in control.

“IM NOT DONE WITH YOU YET” I told her as I whispered
into her ear and my voice got worse and Eviler.

“Wha- what will you do?” She said

“You’ll see. I mean you’ll feel it” I replied to her.

Then I stood her up and turned her around. She palms were
right into on the table as she was trying to get a grip. She was
too low for me as I picked her up and I kneeled her on the
table. Now her ass hole was parallel to my dick. I bowed
in front of her and I gave her a rim job. I started to like around
and into her anus. She was enjoying as she moaned in pleasure.

Then I stopped and I put my hard dick right into her ass. I
in half way and she alked me to go slower but I did the
opposide so I went faster. I pushed in deeper and deeper. And
then I could hear her crying. I put my hands on her weist
and I pushed harder and harder I felt that her as was way too
hard. I ripped her anus and I could feel her blood going down
my balls. It dripped onto the floor and made a little puddle.

I fucked her harder and deeper I wanted to stop but I had
no control. Then I finally cummed into her ass. “Ohh shiit”
I said in relief. I cummed and cummer and I saw her tears
come down her chin as she gasped for air.

I turned her around and sat her on the edge of the table.
“OUCH THAT HURTS” she said.

I looked at he but she didn’t look back. All she did was cry
and look down at the puddle of blood.

“Look I’m soo sorry Washu. It’s not my fault I did that.
It was the virus.” Then she looked up at me and I tightly
hugged her. I started to shake. Then I started to cry and
tears came down my face. “I cant-t-t-t control it. It’s too
power full.”

She stopped the hug and she couldn’t belive that I was crying.
“I’ll help you Gene” She said to me. Then she hugged me
tightly and said “ I can do. Only I can do it!”

~~~~~~~THE END~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Well what did you all thing?
Did you all think that Gene was gonna sleep with Sesami?
Tell me how you liked my lemon. E-mail me at
CMDR_DUFF@YAHOO.COM