Hey again, I know this is going to be a crazy lemon story. Actually
this little saga came to me in a dream. Psycho eh?
Hope you like the starter of the saga!!
I don’t own shit except Gene
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                                  Gene Mesaki Saga Part I "Hi Gene"
                                      ~By Mr .Sinister~

It was a peace full Saturday at the house. The sun was very bright.
Birds were singing in the woods. Yep it was a very boring day
at the Mesaki house.

“Hi Tenchi!” said Ryoko. As she says everyday, and every
morning. Just as Tenchi wakes up.

“Will you give me some peace? Just let me wake up one day with
peace.” Tenchi said. Really tired. “What day is it?” He got up and
started to walk towards the door.

“It’s Saturday Tenchi, you said that you would take me out into
the town tonight” Ryoko said  very seductively. As she flew towards
Tenchi and put her hand on his shoulder.

“GEEZ it’s Saturday??? That means that I have to go to the carrot
field all day today... HEY WAIT A SECOND” Tenchi said looking
annoyed “I never agreed to a date, nice try.”

“Darn it.. Almost had him” Ryoko said as she flew through the ground
to the living room.

Tenchi walked out of the room towards to bathroom. He washed his
face and got cleaned up. He got out and went downstairs to the
dinning table. He sat down at his regular seat.

“Oh high Lord Tenchi” Aeka said as she came down the stairs and
walked toward her seat next to Tenchi.

“Hey Aeka, Hi Sesami, Mihoshi, Kyone, Washu, Dad and Grandpa”
Tenchi greeted every one as they came around the table and sat down.

They all greeted Tenchi back. Everyone sat in their normal seat. It was
a
quiet and normal breakfast.

“C’mon Tenchi eat some of this” Ryoko said as she tried to hand feed
Tenchi.

“Leave Lord Tenchi alone” Aeka said starting to get very angry.
She grabbed Ryokos hand and pushed it aside.

On the other side of the table. Mihoshi was playing around with
her food. And accidentally she hit the side of the plate and a piece
of fish flew across the room and hit the remote control. The T.V
turned on to a sports channel. It was some Japanese fighter against
the world champion.

“Oh I’ll get that Mihoshi” Tenchi said as he got up. He looked at
the screen and froze. He started to stutter “G..E..N..E?”
Tenchis eyes widened as wide as they could. He couldn’t believe
what he saw. It was highlights of last nights boxing fight.

“So Gene, you’ve won the boxing heavyweight championship
of the world.... What will you do now?” Said the sports
broadcaster. He was talking to this young man in his early
20’s. He had long black hair. 6 foot 2, and his body looked
like it was a machine. He looked like he didn’t have a single
pound of fat in his body. He was also a vary handsome man.

“Hmmm well I don’t know, I guess I’ll do what all athletes do
when they win something big.”  Gene said very calmly.

“You eh going to Disneyland?” The broadcaster said. He
was a very geekish man, with amazingly thick glasses that
made Gene giggle sometimes.

“No, I’m gonna hit the strip bar!” Gene said with a little
grin on his face. He turned and walked away. He got
out of the ring and started walking towards the locker.
People couldn’t stop cheering for him.

“There he goes! There goes one of the worlds greatest
boxers. GENE MESAKI” the little man said.

Yosho spit out his food and Nobuyuki took a big gulp.

“EHHH Did he just say Gene mesaki?” Nobuyuki said
with a worried look on his face.

“Yes I believe so..” Yosho said calmly before he was
interrupted.

“You lied to me, BOTH of you. My father and my
grandfather. How could you do that?” Tenchi said
with burning fire in his eyes.

“We had no choice Tenchi. He left us” Yosho
replied.

“Why did you lie?” Tenchi said as a tear came down his
left cheek. “You could have told me the truth” He said.

“Who.. who is Gene?” Ryoko said ruddily interrupting the
important conversation.

“GENE, IS MY BROTHER” Tenchi said as he screamed
it.

“Look Tenchi, he doesn’t care for us anymore, he walked
out” Yosho said.

“Your a liar I know him. Didn’t he even send one letter?”
Tenchi said.

“Hmmm. Yes he send one letter recently, a couple of
days ago. I haven’t opened it. Let me go and get it”
Nobuyuki said, as he got up and walked up the stares
towards his room.

“ How could you have lied to me?” Tenchi said as he
looked at his grandfather.

“Look Tenchi, he left us, can’t you understand that?
Yosho replied

“What are you talking about he must have been 13
years old” Tenchi said “Only a child”

“IT DOESN’T MATTER ANYMORE” Yosho replied
starting to get frustrated

“Well then “ Tenchi said relaxed “ It’s over. I’m gonna
stop my training with you. It just doesn’t matter anymore”

“Tenchiiiii!” Yosho said

“Got it. Here you go Tenchi, this came 8 days ago”
Nobuyki said as he raced town the stairs and handed
the letter to Tenchi.

“Thank you dad, I know you always cared for me”
Tenchi said as he opened the letter.
It wrote

 ‘Hello Tenchi,
 I hope that you will start to reply my letters now, or just
call me at the number at the top. I have written many
letters, and this is my final. I just wrote to tell you that
I am doing really good. On next Friday I have a world
Championship boxing fight. I hope that you will be able to
watch it. Please call me sometime
       Love Gene’

Tenchi read it out loud and said “I have written many letters?”
He said looking kind of confused.

“Ehh those ones got burned, sorry son” Nobuyuki said as
he lowered his head.

“It’s all right. I’m gonna call him and tell him to come as soon as
possible” Tenchi said starting to look excited. He can share my
room or sleep on the couch. He ran towards the phone picked
it up and dialed the number.

“Hello?” a calm and warm voice said over the phone.

“Gene?” Tenchi said.

“TENCHI!!! I have missed you so much. My haven’t you written
back?” Gene said, in a very happy voice.

“I’m doing great. How fast can you come here? I will explain
everything to you. Ju-Just come” Tenchi said

“All right Tenchi, I’m not that far. I guess I can make it by night
time if I take the bullet train. I leave right now” Gene said
“How does that sound?”

“GREAT!! I’ll be prepared” Tenchi said excited as ever.

“Ok I’ll be there later. Bye bye” Gene said starting so sound
excited as Tenchi.

Tenchi put the phone down. And went back to the living room.
“Hes coming tonight”. He said as he raised his head and
looked around the table. Every one was there but Yosho.
“Where is Yosho?”

“He went back to the shrine” Mihoshi said in a cheery voice.
She is happy like the rest of the girls that they get to meet
someone they have never heard of before. But it was Tenchis
brother. It was weird because none of the girls have ever
heard about Gene.

Tenchi said “I’m going to clean my room and get ready”
Then he walked up the stairs.

“Tenchi, Darling, do you want some help?” Ryoko said.

“NO!!” Tenchi replied as he slammed the door behind his
back.

“Hmm how odd” Nobuyuki said, very suspiciously.

“Whats wrong?” Said Kyone

“Well Tenchi has never called Yosho by his first name.
Tenchi must be really upset” Nobuyuki said.

“I’ll go cheer him up” Ryoko said as she flew up, but
something grabbed her ankle.

“No let him be, he will hate you if you bother him”
Nobuyuki said. “All we can do is wait.”

Everyone got ready. Tenchi cleaned his room. The
girls cleaned their rooms. Washu cleaned her lab.
Sesami cleaned the living room and the dishes. Mihoshi
and Kyone helped. The room was spotless. Almost
perfectly clean. Even Ryoko helped clean up. She
wanted Tenchi to be proud of her. Night time came
very fast.

Tenchi came out of his room. All neat and tidy. He was
so happy that he can finally see his brother. He heard
that his brother killed himself, after hearing about their
mothers death.

“I’m so happy for you Tenchi” Sesami said with a very
large and cute smile on her face.

Tenchi was next standing next to her. He looked down
and smiled at Sesami “ Thank you Sesami, I really
needed that” He kneeled down and opened his arms.
He gave Sesami a big hug.

Sesamy blushed and said “Thank you Tenchi”

The food was on the table and everything was ready.
                   ~ DING DONG~
The door bell ran. Tenchi coudln’t believe it.
“I’ll get it Tenchi. Please just be relaxed” Sesami said
as she ran towards the door. *Hmm I wonder what
Gene is like. I wish he is like Tenchi* Sesami was
thinking. She opened the door and saw Gene was
standing there. She looked up at the handsome man.

“Now aren’t you the cute one.”Gene said with a wide
smile. “I’m Gene” he said as he lowered his hand
and gave Sesami a handshake.

“Hi, I’m Sesami” They shook hands and Sesami
blushed. She was unusually excited.”Please follow
me”

“Well this place brings back memories” Gene took
off his shoes, held Sesamis hand and followed her to
the living room where Tenchi was.

“Oh My God” Tenchi looked at Gene. Tears came
from his eyes as he ran walked towards him and
huggeded him.

“Ahh come on Tenchi, Mesaki men don’t cry”
Gene said as he hug back.

“Here is some food. We’ll talk while we eat.”
Tenchi said.

“Sure” Gene replied.

Gene sat down opposide Tenchi and Sesami sat
down next to Gene. Then Mihoshi and Kyone
came into the living room.

“Gene this is Mihoshi and Kyone. They are
Galaxy Police officers” Tenchi said

“Galaxy Police??” Gene said a little confused
“What do you mean, like from space?”

“Yes thats right. Hi I’m first class officer Kyone and
 this is my partner Mihoshi” Kyone said very proud.

“Hiya!” Mihoshi said.

“Well hello there” Gene said, as he watched Mihoshis
tits jiggle as she sat down. *Ohh Fuck* he thought.

Then Washu came out of her lab. “Hello there” she said

“This is Washu, the smartest and greatest scientist in the
entire universe” Tenchi said

“Cool” Gene replied.

“One thing” Washu said “You have to call me little Washu”

“Ok. Now who are they?” Gene said as he looked at the stairs.
He watched as Ryoko and Aeka came downstairs and they
sat beside Tenchi.

“This is Princess Aeka, of Jurai. The powerfullest race in
the entire Universe. That little girl you met which is sitting
next to you is Princess Sesami. You don’t have to call
them princess. And this here is Ryoko the most wanted
pirate in the Universe.” Tenchi said as he looked at Genes
confused face.

“SON!” Nobuyuki shouted out as the took a dive down
the stairs and hugged Gene.

“Hehehe It’s nice to see you too Dad. Now Tenchi you
have some explaining to do.” Gene said.

Sesami made food they were eating. Tenchi told
Gene everything. About their travels to Jurai about the
fake Yosho. And everything else.

*Hmm so thats Princess Aeka. Huh. Very odd indeed*
Gene thought to himself.
“Wow I thought that your life would be boring here.
I thought that I had it good.” Gene said. Gene started to
tell his story of when he lived with a foster family. He
expanded his martial arts and he started to learn how to Box.
He started when he was a teenager. Thats when he started
to make lots of money. And he told of his story of last night
when he made world champion. And that he made nearly
50 million dollars.

“Thats really impressive Gene. Is there anything else?”
Tenchi said kind of nervous now “What every happened
to that virus that you had?”

“I still have that, and its even grown.” Gene said

“How do you know about the virus” Nubuyuki said.
“You were only a little child”

“I remember those long nights where I heard screaming
coming from the room next to mine. I heard you screaming
all night. It started a couple of nights before mom died. I
remember those hour you screamed. It was soo loud, I bet
even the neighbors must have heard it. I jumped out of bed
trying to come to your room. But I was stopped at the door
by mom. She told me it was nothing.” Tenchi said. With a
worried look on his face.

“Well I am still living with the virus in me. It will never leave
me but I have learn to live with it. I have learned to use it
with my Jurai powers...”Gene said

“Wait a second how do you know about your Jurain powers?”
Tenchi said confused.

“Yosho told me, he told me everything. I know about his past,
all those stupid little secrets” Gene said as he gulped down
a sip of sucke. “Wow its kind of getting late. And that fight
last night took off too much energy. Now who should I hug
for cooking that delicious food?”

“That would be me” Sesami said straight away.

“GREAT!” Gene said. As he turned to side and gave the
little Sesami a great big and warm hug. After the hug he looked
at her and she was almost solid pink, she has never blushed soo
much in her life before.

After the table was cleaned up. Tenchi gave Gene a hug and went
to his room. Gene decided to sleep in the spare room. There was
a bed there and a amazing look out to the lake. Gene bruched up
then he went to his room and took off everything but his underwear.

~~~~~ THIS STORY IS NOW GENES POINT OF VIEW~~~

“Wow what a great time I had tonight. I finaly got to see my
brother again after soo many year. And shockingly I have met
the woman I was born to marry. How strange”
I laid down on the sheets and looked at the window then
I heard some cracks at the door . I looked over and I saw
that it was being opened. Someone was stepped into my room.
It was Kyone.

“Eh Hello there. I couldn’t fall asleep and I was wondering
if we could have a little time to chat. you know to get to know
each other.” She told me.
I couldn’t tell because it was too dark but I guess that she
was blushing. *Hell no. I couldn’t believe it. I thought that I
was gonna score with that Mihoshi girl first, but this will do*
I though. Then I said” Sure why don’t you come over here
and layed down next to me until you fall asleep” I said.

She wanted me. And I wanted pussy. She came towards me
and laid down next to me.
“I dot know what it is but I’m strangely attracted to you”
She told me.

“I feel the same way about you babe” I told her as I looked
into those amazon green eyes.

She was on my left. So she put her left hand on my chest and
started to rub. She didn’t really wear much just a very long
T-shirt that was all the way to her knees.

We started with a passionate kiss. She slid her hands down
my 6-pac and into my boxers. She grabbed around my dick
which was not erected yet. It suddenly got erected in a second
her soft milky hand made my dick come up hard. She started
to kiss down my neck and down my abs. She got to my
boxer and she ripped them off. She looked at my dick and
she paused. She was actually drewling at it.

Her eyes opened wide. And then she grabbed my dick with her
left hands. She must have been stunned at my 8 incher. But all
Mesakis have big ones. She started to rub my dick up and down.
Then she lowered her head and kissed the tip of my dick.

“Stop teasing me girl, Do you do this to everyone you meet on
the first night?” I told her

“No it gets very lownly here” She said with a little upset face.

Then she took the my dick and started to suck on the tip. She
put it in her mouth like a lolypop. She sucked up and ALL the
way down raching my pupic hair. Her mouth was wet and warm,
just the way I love it. Time to time, she would take my dick out
of her mouth and she would like it. She would then put it in her
mouth. I arched my back and but my hand behind her head. I
shoved her face toward the bottom of my dick. I swear my dick
must have been down her throat. She was going to puke. I was
in totally ecstasy. I took my hand of her head. She went upwards.
I could feel her tongue inside her mouth, licking and sucking at
the same time. I couldn’t take it anymore.”OHH FUCK” I
cummed right in her mouth, I shot my first load. She gulped it
down, then I shot 3 more loads in her mouth and she tried to
swallow as much as she could. She cleaned up my dick and
lied down next to me. It was my turn now.
I started to kiss her, we exchanged our tongues. And kissed.
With my hands I grabbed the bottom of her shirt and slowly
started to bring it up to her head. I could feel the amazing shape
of her body. Then I took off her shirt, leaving her white milkish
body totally naked. totally mine.
I started to kiss down her neck. I grabbed her breasts.
I kissed down the valley of her breasts. They where almost
right size. But I preferred Mihoshis. I started to lick and kiss
her nipples. Slowly. But I didn’t want to waste time on her
breasts. I started to kiss down her perfect size stomach.
I licked the inside of  belly button.
“HMMmmmm” She moaned and she kept on moaning.
Then I kissed lower and got down to her shaved pussy.
I started kissing her pussy lips. She started to moan loader.
Then I opened her lips with my right hand and I grabbed
her right breast with my left hand. I looked into her pussy
and I could start to see pre-cum. I started to kiss the inside
and she couldn’t take it. I slowly but my tongue into her
clit and I started to lick it like a dog. I’m a fucking animal.
I found her hole and I started lick in the inside of that. She
arched her back trying to ger my tongue all the way in.
She wrapped her thighs and legs around my head. And
she started to squeeze harder and harder.
“OHH MY GOOOOOOOODDDDDD!!!!” She nearly
screamed as she started to cum into my mouth. I started
to drink it like if I had been lost in the desert for days
and that I just found water. The taste was amazing. It
was just right, not too salty and to sweet. She kept
on cumming and I kept on drinking. Until there was no
more.

I looked at her face, and she was nearly out. She didn’t
have enough energy to keep her eyes all the way open.
But I had lots of energy left.

“Now, its gonna get a lot better” I told her.

She looked at me, like she couldn’t take it anymore.
“Im not so sure” she said

Fuck I dont give a damn what she said. I opened her
legs and I grabbed my dick. At a few flick of my wrist
it was hard as wood again. I guided it into her lubricated
pussy. I found her hole straight away, I went deeper. It
was a bit tight. But it was nice and warm. I started to
bang her like a fucking ape. I went deeper and deeper. I
looked at Kyones face and I saw a couple of tears run
down her face. I knew I couldn’t stop. My evil part
had taken over.

I had nearly reached my climax and nearly cummed. But
then I suddenly stopped. She looked at me in relief. But
she didn’t know what she was gonna be in a world of hurt.
I turned her over. And she was on all fours.

“It’s my first time in this position” she said

“Don’t worry” I told her. I started to lubricate her asshole
with some of the cumm that ran down her thighs. I slid my
finger in a couple of times and everytime she let out a little
moan.

I slowly started to put my dick into her. I put my hands
on her waist and I pushed harder and harder. I went in
all the way. I let in all the 8 inches. Then I started to but
fuck her. Ohh my God . It felt so good. All her ass
muscles tightened around my dick. It was soo warm.
So tight. I started to fuck her harder and deeper. I
could feel her ass checks slapping against my waist.
Slap SLap SLAp SLAP!
I reached my climax. And so did she . I cummer into
her ass. I shot out all my loads. My dick was totally
dry. But I couldn’t stop. I just kept on baning her from
the back until my dick started to bruse. My erection
went. She nearly went unconscious and nearly did I.
It was so good.

“How was it?” I said. really tired

“GASP - It was -GASP- wonderful- GASP” she
was out, but still gasping for air.

I thought to myself. *Hmm this was very good. If this
stuck up girl was this easy. I wonder about the other ones*

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~THE END~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Its the end of my story. So please write to me at
cmdr_duff@yahoo.com