I don’t own anything except Gene and Satan himself and if you
work for Al Gore, George Bush or Tiger Woods, please don’t sue,
It’s a joke
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                                 Gene Mesaki Saga Part IV
                                   “A Trip To The Stars”

It was an extremely beautiful day. Birds singing, sun shinning and the
usual.

“Lord Tenchi!” Aeka quickly said as she woke up with sweat dropping
of her face. She looked around confused and thought * Where is
Sesami? * Aeka stood up and rubbed her eyes. She looked where
Sesami usually slept and she still wasn’t there. “It wasn’t a dream
after all! Everyone is dead, Lord Tenncchhiii” She quickly ran
out her door and toward Tenchis room. She opened his door and
stepped halfway inside. Her left side was out the room.

“Mmmm Aeka your so naughty”  Tenchi said with his eyes closed
and a grin, the size of the equator.

Aeka blushed and she saw something move up and down under
Tenchis bed covers. She couldn’t believe it but he was masturbating
at her. She was bright pink and she had her hand over her open
mouth. She couldn’t look away from Tenchi, she loved the way he
smiled while he was masturbating.

“Mmmm That’s right. Yes Aeka” Tenchi said while he masturbated
faster and faster  “This is better than last night”

* What the hell is Aeka doing standing at the door * Gene thought
to himself. He had just walked up the stairs with 2 glasses of fresh
orange juice. * What is he doing? Masturbating? and she is just
standing there * He then quietly laughed to himself. He slowly
walked behind Aeka and he stood on the ledge to get a peek at
what Tenchi was doing.

“Ahh Ahh Ahhh AEEEKKKAAA” Tenchi said as he cumed into
his bed sheets.

Aeka watched in joy and then Tenchi started to move. It looked
like he was getting up. Aeka was just about to turn around and
run back into her room. Gene lost his balance and he fell of the
ledge and he hit the first floor.

“Ahh GOD DAMMIT” Gene said as the orange juice spilled
all over him.

Aeka who didn’t hear the scream from Gene, slammed the
door closed and the ran towards her room and jumped under
her bed covers.

Tenchi saw the door being closed but he didn’t see who closed
it. “Who was that?  Oh no I must have been doing it again, but
there was a person watching” He wiped of his dick with his
bed sheet and he put on another pair of shorts. Then Tenchi
walked towards his door and he opened it. He looked around
and he saw no one. He looked down the hallway and he saw
a door being opened. Sesami was coming out of Genes room
and Tenchi quickly closed his door and ran back under his covers.
“AGHHH NASTY” he said as he felt his cum.

Sesami tip toed down the stairs and she saw Gene getting up with
orange juice spilled all over him. “Ohh Gene did you make that for
me?”  She said as she helped him up. ”Now what are you doing on
the floor?” She asked him.

“Well I just made this orange juice and I was walking up the stairs
when the funniest thing happened” He said as he started to laugh.

“What?” Sesami asked. The grabbed a towel from the kitchen
and wiped Gene dry.

“I was at the top of the stairs and I saw Aeka looking into Tenchis
room. I was wondering what Tenchi was doing since Aeka couldn’t
take her eyes of him, so I stood on the ledge to get a look. And you
would have never guessed what he was doing” Gene said as he
raised his right eyebrow.

“What was it?” Sesami whispered.

“Tenchi was masturbating at Aeka and she was watching him”
Gene whispered into Sesamis ear. “Then as soon as he did his
thing he shouted Aekas name out. He was just about to get up
and that’s where I lost my balance and fell”

“That’s so funny Gene. Are you serious about Tenchi though?”
Sesami asked Gene. Then she grabbed his hand and they walked
back upstairs.

“Hold on a second I’m gonna go bother Tenchi about what
he did.” Gene said with his evil grin.

“Ahh Gene you should leave him. That’s not very nice” Sesami
said as she frowned.

“Hey you should be happy” Gene said in a joyful voice.

“Why?” Sesami replied in a confused voice.

“Well he was doing it to your sister and not to the monster.
Come to think about it I wonder if Ryoko ...” Gene was interrupted.

“Heard anything?” Sesami finished of his sentence. “I’ll go check
out Aeka and Ryoko”

“That’s my girl” Gene said as he kissed her on the forehead. Then
he knocked on Tenchis door and walked in.

Sesami slowly tiptoed into Ryokos room.

Gene slowly closed Tenchis door and then he walked over to
Tenchis bed. “Damn it Tenchi you sure are loud!” Gene said.
Then he sat down on the chair next to the study table.

“Where you watching me?” Tenchi said as he sat up on his bed.

“What do you think? Do you seriously think that I would watch
you masturbate?” Gene  said. He slowly leaned back on the chair
and he stretched his arms as high as he could above his head. And
then he let out a little yawn.

“Then who was watching me Gene?” Tenchi said with a worried
look “Was it Mihoshi? Kyone? Dad? GRANDPA?”

“Neither of them” Gene replied as he slowly shut his eyes.

Tenchi was growing impatient “Stop sleeping and tell me Gene”
Tenchi demanded.

Gene opened his eyes and he looked straight into Tenchis eyes.
Gene said “It was Aeka. I think she might have seen and heard
EVERYTHING!”

“Oh no” Tenchi said as he looked at his bed covers. “I wonder
if Ryoko was around and what will Aeka think of me?”

Gene raised his right hand put it under his head. Then he rested his
head on his hand. “Well Sesamis is going to see what happened”

“WHAT DID YOU SAY? HOW DOES SESAMI KNOW?”
Tenchi said as he raised his voice.

Gene laughed and said “ I told her. Don’t worry I think that she
found it a bit erotic.”

Tenchi was just sitting there with his mouth open.

“Anyway, Tenchi I wouldn’t worry about Aeka knowing”
Gene said as he stood up. Then he walked towards the door
and looked over his shoulder. “I’d worry about Washu
knowing.” Then he slowly looked over to the little teddy bear
above Tenchis bookcase and he walked out.

Tenchi eyes opened as wide as they could. He jumped out of
bed and towards his bookcase. He grabbed his teddy bear and
he looked into the eyes. At first they looked like those glass teddy
eye buttons but at a closer look Tenchi figured out that one of the
eyes was a miniature camera. He froze and said “Oh no, no, no!”
He threw the teddy across the room.

He grabbed his towel and headed for the bathroom. Gene was
already in his room, he was thinking to wait for Sesami but
there was something that was disturbing him.

In Ryokos room Sesami was standing right next to Ryoko but I
don’t think even a bomb could wake up Ryoko.

“I guess that Ryoko didn’t hear a thing. She snores so loud that
I can’t even hear what I’m thinking” Sesami quietly said in her
annoyed look.

She tip-toed out of Ryokos room and she saw Gene in his
bathrobe. She looked over at him and said “Where are you
heading?” She slowly smiled.

“I’m just going for a little walk” Gene said as he smiled back.
He waved good bye and he walked down the stairs.

Sesami then walked back into Aekas room. She knew that
Aeka was awake so Sesami didn’t tip toe. “So you have fun
watching Tenchi today?” Sesami said.

Aeka coughed and she couldn’t believe that Sesami knew about
her watching Tenchi. “I don’t know what you are talking about,
 WHERE WERE YOU LAST NIGHT?” Aeka
demanded as she turned around to face Sesami.

“I asked you first sis” Sesami said with a smile.

“Like I said Sesami, You were properly dreaming” Aeka said.

Then Sesami jumped on top of Aeka and said “ Well I’m not
getting of you until you talk.”

Aeka did nothing, she closed her eyes and acted that she was
sleeping, but she knew that she would have to talk sooner or
later. She was just thinking what the right words are to say to
her little sister so she wouldn’t be embarrassed.

“Hmm I think that’s the right way” Gene said as he walked over
to the carrot patch. “Ahha there she is” Gene quietly whispered.

Gene looked at the little cabbit. Ryo-ohki was sitting there
looking at the sky. She’d been crying, she felt like she’s been
forgotten since Gene moved into the house.

Gene slowly walked over and stood beside the little cabbit.
Ryo-ohki looked over her left shoulder and saw Gene coming.
Then Ryo-ohki stood in her attack position and started to
growl a bit.

Gene looked over at Ryo-ohki and though * Poor little
thing * Then he sat down and pulled a carrot out of the ground.
He was taking little bites out of the end.

Little Ryo-ohki sat down and she licked her lips. Gene saw and
he pulled out another carrot and gave it to Ryo-ohki.

He slowly reached to give it to Ryo-ohki. She slowly raised her
hands and reached for the carrot then just before she was able
to grab it Gene stopped.

“Ok Ryo-ohki, I’ll give you this carrot if you promise
to listen to me ok? I want to talk to you” Gene said seriously.

“Meow?!” Ryo-ohki replied as she nodded her head.

“Good, good” Gene politely said, he smiled and gave the carrot
to Ryo-ohki. He watched Ryo-ohki eat a bit, he sat closer to
Ryo-ohki and said. “Now listen up. I haven’t known you as long
as the others in the house but I do want to get to know you.
Sesami has told me a lot of great things about you. And I realized
that you weren’t around last night. The house is big enough for
the both of us and we should be friends”

Gene took his right hand and he put it in front of Ryo-ohki. She
looked at his hand and she realized that he wanted a hand shake.
Then she raised her little paw and she shook hands with Gene.

“Now I will protect you for as long as I possibly can.” Gene said.
He smiled. “Well of course with Sesami and Tenchi”

“Meow!!” Ryo-ohki said. she smiled and jumped back.

Gene was kind of confused why she would step back. But then
a cloud of smoke surrounded Ryo-ohki. Then a little cat-rabbit
girl stepped out.

“Ehh what?” Gene said with his mouth open. He looked at the
little girl.

She’s about 3 and a half feet tall. Light brown fur around her, she
was in pajamas and she had very small whiskers on her little
cat nose.

“Meow” Ryo-ohki said as she slowly walked towards Gene.
She was 2 feet away and she tripped over her own feet.

Gene caught Ryo-ohki in his arms and said “Wow that
amazing.” He giggled “ I see that you aren’t used to walking yet”

“Meow meow meow” Ryo-ohki said as she smiled. Then she
tightly pressed her arms around Gene.

“You ready to go back now?” Gene asked Ryo-ohki. She nodded
her head up and down.

Gene slowly stood up and he rested her on his fore arms. Her
little legs were around Gene and he started walking back to
the house.

“Ok enough of the childish games Sesami” Aeka said gasping
for air. “Get of me. I can’t breath”

“Are you gonna tell me what you saw?” Sesami said as she
bounced up and down on Aekas stomach.

“Eh Ah eh FINE” said Aeka. She was starting to get angry
but in a little way all the bouncing turned her on a bit.

Sesami got of Aeka and she sat beside her, not on top.

Aeka was gasping for air and then she asked. “What is it
you wish to know Sesami?”

“I want to know what you exactly see Tenchi do?” Sesami
said. Then she slowly laid down next to Aeka.

Tenchi got out of the bathroom from taking a shower
and he paused at the stairs. * She I talk to her or not? How
could she do that to me? It’s not right. I can’t believe Washu
was spying on me the whole time. * Tenchi thought to himself.
Then he clinched his fist together and he looked at it.

“HEY UP THERE HAVE YOU EVER HEARD OF
CLOTHES?” Gene shouted as he carried Ryo-ohki
inside.

“Meow!” Ryo-ohki laughed.

Tenchi looked at them and smiled. “Ok wait up I’ll put on
some clothes and we’ll make some breakfast!” He replied.

Gene and Ryo-ohki laid down on the couch and turned on the
television to some cartoon.

Tenchi stared at the ground and he walked into his room. He
turned around and he looked his door. * Wait a second *
Tenchi thought, then he turned to face his bed. He froze and he
dropped the towel around him.

“Hiya Tenchi. I see that we’ve been taking a cold shower today”
Washu said with a smile. She was sitting on his bed. “ I did you
a favor and changed your bed covers”

“Let me guess you took it to you lab to test the ‘sample’”
Tenchi said. He didn’t even bother to pick up the towel around
him. He guessed that she has already seen everything. He
frowned and walked towards his closet totally naked.

“Tenchi..” Washu was about to say something.

“SHUT UP WASHU!” Tenchi yelled. He grabbed a pair of
underwear and put it on. Then he took some clean clothes
and he started to put them on. “ I trusted you with everything
Washu. You used to be one of my favorite girls but now I can’t
even look at you. You disgust me! How long have you been
watching me?” He asked.

Washu dropped her smile and she looked at her feet. Then
Tenchi walked over to Washu and he put his hands on her
shoulders. He started to squeeze tightly and said “I WANT
TO KNOW WASHU! HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN
WATCHING ME?” He demanded this time.

“Since the start. The first day I moved in” Washu replied. One
single tear ran down her left cheek.

“That’s great” Tenchi said.

Then she slowly raised her arms and she started to unbutton her
clothes. She started to lower her top. Tenchi couldn’t believe his
eyes. She lowered just above her nipple when Tenchi slapped
across her face.

She let out a little yell and he held the left side of her face. Her
body started to shiver and she said “How could you do that
Tenchi?” she started to cry.

“I can’t believe what you are doing” Tenchi turned around
and he started to walk towards the door. He grabbed the door
knob and paused. “Ohh and by the way Washu don’t think
about leaving this house. You’re not going anywhere. I just
want you to think what you did wrong” Then he took a deep
breath, opened the door and walked through it.

“Good Morning Tenchi!!” Sesami pleasantly said.

“Hi there Sesami, so what have you heard from Aeka?”
Tenchi asked her.

“Well Tenchi lets go downstairs and I will explain it to you with
Gene” Sesami said as she hurried down the stairs to greet with
Ryo-ohki. “Ryo-ohki there you are we all have missed you
so much”

“Meow!” Ryo-ohki said as she jumped onto Sesami lap.

Sesami went flying into the ground. She loved the little girl
version of Ryo-ohki.

“Meow, Meow, Meow!” Ryo-ohki said as she saw Tenchi. She
was so happy she was blushing.

“Yes and it’s great to see you too Ryo-ohki” Tenchi said. Then
he went and sat down next to Gene.

Gene looked at his younger brother and started to laugh.

“What, what is it Gene? What’s so funny?” Tenchi asked.

“You, there is something wrong with you. Normally your the happy
one of the house but it looks like today has been your worst day
ever” Gene said.

“I sometimes wish that the girls never moved in” Tenchi whispered.

Gene suddenly stopped laughing. He smiled and put his hand on
Tenchis shoulder “Now why would you say that?”  Gene said.

“Well....” Tenchi started to tell Gene about what happened with
Washu and that he just slapped her. Gene starts to laugh as soon
as Tenchi finishes. “Oh not again Gene, it’s not funny” Tenchi was
serious this time.

Gene looked over at Sesami and she was too busy to listen. She
was playing with Ryo-ohki. Gene looks at Tenchi and says “Listen
up Tenchi. Washu was the only person that didn’t bother you
and you slap her?”

Tenchi was confused now. “What do you mean?” he asked.

“Ok. Ryoko and Aeka always fight. They break stuff, hurt you
and there’s a whole list right? Well the only girl in the house that
has done nothing to you is Washu, she is ALWAYS in her lab.
Washu does one wrong thing and you slap her.” Gene paused
and he took of his smile and stared at Tenchi. “You shouldn’t
have done that to Washu. Ryoko and Aeka are the bad ones.”

“I guess you’re right, I’ll go apologize to her now” Tenchi said.
He was just about to get up until her said. “But I want to know
what Aeka and Ryoko saw first”

He called over Sesami and went over to sit between Gene and
Tenchi. “Tenchi” Sesami said. “She saw everything. She was
having a bad dream and she just wanted to check on you. Then
she came to your room and saw you do your thing” Sesami smiled
and stood up and played with Ryo-ohki again. “Ryoko saw nothing”

“That’s it?” Tenchi said to himself. He looked at Gene and said
“I have been nervous about nothing”

“HAHAHA yeah” Gene said to Tenchi. He looked at the stairs and
he saw Washu slowly walking down. “Hey there little Washu. Why
don’t you come over here?”

“I got work to do” Washu said looking at the back of Tenchis head.
Then she quickly walked into her lab.

Gene pushed Tenchi off the couch and said “Go and say sorry,
but wait till she says it first”

Tenchi nodded and walked over to Washu lab. He opened the
door and walked inside.

“Psst Sesami” Gene whispered to Sesami. She looked at him
and walked over with Ryo-ohki in her arms. “When shall we tell
them”

“I don’t know Gene. How about over breakfast?” Sesami said as
she kissed Gene on the forehead. “I’m so excited”

“Yeah but I’m nervous. Your sister will kill me” Gene said. Then
started to tickle Ryo-ohki.

After a couple of minutes Kyone and Mihoshi came
out of their room and greeted everyone. They decided
that they would make breakfast today.

Nobuyuki jumped out of his room in a hurry and ran down the
stairs “Late for work, late for work” He kept on saying to himself.

“Hey dad” Gene said. “You have to stay for breakfast”

“Can’t Gene, I have work” Nobuyuki said as he was putting on
his shoes.

“But I have something important to tell you” Gene said. He
started to frown.

“Sorry but I got to gooooooo!” Nobuyuki said while he was ran
out the door.

Ryoko and Aeka came out their rooms at the exact same time.
Aeka looked at Ryoko and she started to giggle.

Ryoko got mad and said “What’s so funny?”

“Oh it’s nothing.” Aeka replied .

Aeka walked down the stairs and Ryoko went through the
ground. They sat at their normal seats next to Tenchi but then
Ryoko asked “Where’s Tenchi?”

“He is talking with Washu” Gene said as he sat down next to
Sesami. Ryo-ohki was sitting on Sesamis lap.

“What?” Ryoko said.

“Foods ready!” Kyone said as her and Mihoshi brought the
food to the table.

“Did somebody say food?” Yosho said as he walked into the
house from the back yard. He walked over to the table and sat
down. He was greeted by everyone.

Everyone was at the table except Tenchi and Washu. Ryoko
looked around and she was just about to start until Gene said
“We are going to wait for Tenchi and Washu”

“That isn’t fair. I’m hungry” Ryoko said looking at the
delicious soup Kyone and Mihoshi made.

The door from Washu lab opened and Tenchi walked out.
Washu followed her. It looks like she wasn’t upset anymore.

“Finally!” Ryoko said as Washu and Tenchi sat down.

Gene looked at Tenchi. Tenchi smiled, nodded and he gave
Gene a thumbs up. * I guess that means everything is ok * Gene
thought to himself.

“Wow this is great food” Sesami said so Kyone and Mihoshi.

Kyone and Mihoshi blushed and thanked Sesami.

Ryoko was starting to get bored so the picked up a piece of
fruit and she stuck it halfway in her mouth. She looked at Tenchi
 “Tenchi eat this!” she said with a mouth full of honey melon.

“No thanks” Tenchi said. He didn’t even bother to look at her.

She frowned with anger and then she put her arms around Tenchi
and said “Tenchi your taking me out tonight right?”

Aeka was laughing still at what happened this morning and then
she looked around at everyone. Kyone and Mihoshi were staring
at her. Aeka thought for a second and she said “Take you paws of
him you ugly monster!”

“Grrr” Ryoko said as she got back to her soup “Well at least I’m
not a stinking little bit.....”

“We have some very important news to tell everyone” Sesami said
with a worried look. She looked at Gene and he smiled at her.

“What?” Tenchi asked.

“We want to get married” Sesami quickly said.

Aeka spit out her soup onto the table and said “WHAT? Marriage
with him?”

“Yes that right” Sesami said. Then she and Gene hugged each other
with Ryo-ohki in the middle “I love him with all my heart”

“But I love her even more” Gene said.

Mihoshi cried and she grabbed on Kyone and said
“That beautiful isn’t it Kyone”

Kyone smiled and said “Yes it is.”

Yosho looked at his tea and he took a sip. Then he said “When
did you both decide to get married?”

“Last night” Sesami said she giggled.

“That’s great!” Tenchi said with a smile. “Good job Gene”

“Thanks man” Gene replied.

“Wait a second I disagree.” Aeka angrily said “You can’t marry
Gene. He is a human and your one of the Princesses of Jurai.
You have to marry someone from Jurai”

“Ehh Aeka, Gene has Jurian blood in him” Tenchi said “Don’t
forget that he is my brother”

Aeka paused and thought. She then said “NO you can’t marry
him Sesami. You have to meet some other prince from
other planets”

“Ahh good for you Sesami!” Ryoko said “Your sister Aeka is
just jealous that your getting married first.”

“You keep your mouth shut” Aeka said, then she looked at Gene
and said “I do not agree to this. We have to go and see our
father. He will agree with me”

“Well that sounds good actually” Gene said. He took a carrot and
started to feed Ryo-ohki with it.

“I don’t understand” Sesami confusingly said.

“When your father agrees, we can get married in Jurai. Then
we can go to some exotic planet for our honeymoon” Gene
said in a confident voice.

“What if he disagrees?” Sesami asked Gene. She started to
frown.

“Well I have a back up plan for that” Gene said. He looked
to his left and looked at Yosho. “I’m counting on you to be
our back up” Gene told Yosho.

“No problem Gene” Yosho assured Gene. “I’ll help you”

Sesami smiled and she put her head on Genes shoulder.

Aeka got mad and she clinched her fist together. “Fine we
leave tonight. No we leave NOW!” Aeka demanded.

“We can’t” Gene said “Maybe later”

Aeka slammed her hands on the table and said “Why is that?”
She was yelling at the top of her voice now.

“Because Nobuyuki isn’t here, and I have to make some
phone calls.” Gene said. He was getting a little angry from
all the shouting.

“Go to that now!” Aeka said.

Gene looked up, then he stood up and walked towards the
phone.

“For the rest of you. Start packing because we are taking a little
trip” Aeka demanded.

“YAY!!!” Mihoshi said all excited.

Down in hell...

“A little trip? Sounds like fun” Satan said looking into a portal.
On his leather/ skull seat. He had a cigar in one hand and a glass
of Bacardi and coke mix in his other hand. It looks like that
he has been watching since he left. “I think we’ll make this their
final trip” He started to laugh and he looked over to his servant
and he stopped. “Tell her that her wish can come true. I will let
her live again.”

“Yes master” The servant said.

“That’s right. Love can never win over Evil. Never” Satan said.

Back in the Mesaki house.

Gene picked up the phone and started to call his manager.

“Hello?” A man in his mid 50’s said.

“Hey Honoru, It’s me Gene” Gene said.

“God damn it Gene, Where have you been? There are a lot
of people who want to see you. Your the new champion and
you decided to disappear?” Honoru said.

“Don’t worry about it. But It looks like that I’ll be gone for a
while. You have to give my belt away” Gene said.

“WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT!” Honoru replied
loudly over the phone.

“Look I have some stuff to do and I’ll be back in a couple of
months” Gene said.

“You’re crazy Gene Mesaki, really crazy” Honoru took a deep
breath and said “You seriously want me to give you belt away?
You’ve been practicing nearly your entire life.”

“Something came up that I have been waiting for my entire life”
Gene said.

“How about the money? You get lots when you defend you title.”
Honoru said.

“I’ll make more in my come back fight” Gene said.

“Ok but where are you going?” Honoru said.

“I’ll tell you everything when I come back, I have to go. Take
Care now” Gene put the phone down and then said “It’s rude
to listen to phone calls” He turned around and saw Aeka standing
behind him.

“I just wanted you to hurry up” Aeka told him.

Gene went upstairs and he started to pack some clothes.
Everyone packed except Kyone and Mihoshi they where
outside getting Yugami ready for take off.

“All right everyone Yugami is ready!” Mihoshi said in her
Galaxy police outfit.

Tenchi came out his room and he was kind of mad. He kept
on mumbling to himself saying “I got school, tests, my finals
are hard. I have to take care of the carrot fields”

“Please Lord Tenchi don’t be upset” Aeka pleading to him.

“Ahh it’s ok, don’t worry about it” Tenchi said as he smiled.

They all gathered outside and got ready to board. Yosho
showed up and he asked Kyone “Don’t forget that we have to
pick up Nobuyuki”

Kyone replied to Yosho “Well Washu has made a portal so we
can easily pick him up” Then she smiled at him.

“Well if we can make him come” Yosho said.

“Don’t worry Yosho, I’ll get him” Gene said. “Ehh where is the
portal?” He looked at Washu.

“It’s inside Gene” Washu replied. Then she walked him inside
and beside the cockpit she showed him a star in the wall. She
showed him and then she put one of her fingers in the middle of
the star. The insides of the star turned pink and then it looked like
her finger was in the wall. “All you have to do is go through it!”

“Ok” Gene said. Then he took a deep breath “ Yippee Kay yea!”
he said while he jumped through the portal.

He went through and landed on Nobuyuki “Aghh” he said.

“Hey dad” Gene said while he picked him up” I got some great
news! Me and Sesami are getting married, but we have go to
Jurai to talk to her father because Aeka is making us go”

Nobuyuki started to cry and said “You’re getting married!”
Then he tightly hugged Gene and virtually crushed him “I’m
so proud of you. I’d love come but there is a problem”
“What’s that?” Gene asked.

“What about my work?” Nobuyuki said.

“Hmm” Gene was thinking and then he grabbed his father
and they jumped through the portal where Washu was waiting.
 “Washu could you...” He started to whisper in Washu ear.

She smiled and said “I’m a step ahead of you Gene” She pulled
out a miniature toy out of her pocked and she threw it onto the
ground. The little toy enlarged itself and it transformed into a
robot that looked exactly like Nobuyuki. “I love being the
smartest genius in the universe! YEAH!” Washu proudly said.

“Wow it looks exactly like me” Nobuyuki stood there in amazement.

“Robot go and live Nobuyukis life as he would” Washu ordered
the robot.

“Understood!” Robo - Nobuyuki said. Then it jumped through
the portal.

“This place is weird. I miss the good old fights and drinks!”
Gene said scratching his head. “It so confusing, how does
someone get used to it?”

“Don’t worry son, now where is my future daughter in-law?”
Nobuyuki said as he ran down the hallways.

“We are getting ready for take of” A voice said over the
speakers.

“Well it looks like we are going” Gene said to Washu. “It
seems kind of weird that Aeka would act like this.”

“You’ll get used to it Gene” Washu told him.

They walked to the cockpit and they saw Nobuyuki was
hugging Sesami as tightly as possible “I’m so happy for
you and Gene” He said to Sesami.

“Hey, hey, let her have some energy for our honey moon”
Gene said.

“Grrrr” Aeka started to growl louder and louder.

The space ship took off. It was normal day. Everyone
got their own room except Gene and Sesami. They had to
share their room with Ryoko.

Through out the entire day Gene sat in the cockpit. There was
a extra seat so Gene decided to sit there. Sesami sat on his lap
and Genes arms were around her waist.

“This is great Sesami” Gene said.

She turned around and looked into his eyes “Only with you
Gene” She paused and said “I love you Gene and I don’t care
what my father says”

Gene looked at her and he moved in closer for a deep and
passionate kiss. Mihoshi was listening and she turned around
to watch. She watched, that Gene and Sesami had each others
tongues down each others throats.

“It so beautiful” Mihoshi said as she started to cry “Kyone do
you think that we will ever find a man like that? You think that
we will ever find love”

Kyone grabbed deep into her pocket and pulled out a white
handkerchief. She handed it to Mihoshi, smiled and said “Don’t
worry Mihoshi there is always one person out there for
everyone.”

Mihoshi cleaned of the tears and she kept on watching them
kiss. Gene and Sesami stopped. Sesami turned to look at
Mihoshi and Gene looked at Sesami.

“You’re such a blusher” Gene told Sesami. She was bright
pink. Then he gave her a little kiss on the cheek.

“How about a Eskimo kiss?” Sesami asked Gene. Then she
lowered her head and they started to rub their noses again.

“Ahh all this kissing sickens me” Satan said in anger. “What’s
that Gore guy up to? He become president yet?” Satan asked
his servant.

“Gore lost and Bush won” The little half man half ogre said.

“WHAT?” Satan looked at the servant and said “Well get
Gore back down here. NOW!”

“Yes master” The servant said. Then he walked away.

“Everyone is always trying to cheat the Devil.” Satan said
sarcastically. “They all go to hell sooner or later”
Then he starts to laugh again, getting louder and louder.

It was night time. Gene and Sesami where kind of disappointed
that they couldn’t have any ‘fun’ that night.

They walked into their room and they saw Ryoko on the bed.
“Sorry there Gene this is taken for me and Sesami” Ryoko said.

“Fine” Gene replied. Then he went towards the little seat and sat
down putting his feet up on a table.

Sesami walked towards Gene and gave him a little kiss “Good
night Gene” She said. Then she walked toward the bed and laid
down. She slept next to Ryoko. Then Ryo-ohki came into the
room and she slept between Ryoko and Sesami.

The night was pretty peaceful but until the morning came.

The ship started to shake like crazy back and forth “We are
being attacked” Kyones voice said over the speaker. “Everyone
get to the cockpit fast, you wont believe this.”

Gene, Sesami, Ryo-ohki  and Ryoko got up and quickly ran
towards the cockpit. Gene looked at the space ship attacking
Yugami and said “What is that?”

“It’s Nagi” Ryoko said. “Put up a video-link so we can ask what
she wants”

A picture of Nagi came up on the screen.

“What do you want Nagi” Ryoko asked.

“I want you Ryoko, a final battle to the death” Nagi said.

“Fine, We will fight in 20 minutes on the planet” Ryoko said
pointing to a green and blue planet.

“Good!” Nagi said as he picture went off.

“Can you win?” Gene asked Ryoko seriously.

“Yes, I have many times before” Ryoko replied.

“That’s good then” Gene said as he smiled at her.

They flew toward the planet. It was breathable and it was
virtually like Earth. No one lived there just plants. There was
a giant place where there was no plants. They landed there and
everyone stepped out of Yugami. Then Nagi landed with her
little cabbit.

Ryo-ohki saw the other cabbit and she turned back into her little
version. They ran toward each other and they started to cuddle.

“Are you ready?” Nagi asked Ryoko. “This will be out final
battle. This is where you die Ryoko” She shouted. Then she
quietly said “I’m sure of it”

“I understand” Ryoko said. “You’re still a bitch”

Ryoko flew towards Nagi and she made one of her energy
swords. Nagi pulled out her golden sword. Ryoko aimed at
Nagi but Nagi was too fast and she dodged her attack.

Nagi ran towards Ryoko. Ryoko made a energy ball and threw
it at Nagi. There was a little explosion she was sure that she hit
Nagi, but she missed. Nagi charged at Ryoko and hit her in the
stomach. Nagis sword went right through Ryoko, the tip pointed
out her other side.

“I won’t lose again Ryoko” Nagi told her and they looked into
each others eyes.

“I see you’ve been practicing” Ryoko said. “But you’re still not
good enough”

She flew backwards and Nagi ripped the sword out of Ryoko.
Ryoko made 2 energy balls. Nagi started to charge towards
Ryoko again. Ryoko threw one energy ball a bit to Nagis right.
Then she threw the second energy ball about 3 feet in front of Nagi.

Nagi stopped and the explosion made a lot of smoke, she couldn’t
see through it. She tried to look but Ryoko came through the smoke
and she gave Nagi a fire punch.

Nagi was in flames and she was thrown back 20 feet. Most of her
clothes have been burnt off. She hit the ground and her flames left.
She was totally still like a dead person.

“HAhahaha you still suck Nagi” Ryoko loudly said “Too bad your
dead now”

“I wouldn’t count on that” Nagi said as she slowly stood up.

“Impossible!” Ryoko said in amazement.

“What happened?” Gene asked.

“No one can live from that attack. It’s one of Ryokos most
powerful attacks. No one has ever survived” Washu said.

Ryoko made several energy balls and directly hit Nagi.
Nagi was hit in the stomach, face, legs and arms. But all
that the attacks do was burn off part of her clothes and make
scratches.

Ryoko made on big energy ball and she teleported behind Nagi
and hit her in the back. Nagi yelled and Ryoko teleported in
front of Nagi again.

Nagi fell and she stood up again.

Ryoko couldn’t believe it “What wrong. Why can’t you just
DIE!” Ryoko said.

Nagi started to laugh and then she said “Well I’ve been
practicing” She started to slowly walk toward Ryoko again.

Gene looked at the back of Nagi and he clearly saw her entire
back. He looked at Nagis tattoo and just froze. “Oh no, OH
NO! RYOKO BE CAREFULL SHE IS VERY POWERFUL
NOW.” Gene yelled at the top of his voice.

“What is it? How can you tell?” Nobuyuki asked.

“That tattoo on her back. The red dragon. It means that
she has sold her soul” Gene said.

“Are you sure“ Gene asked.

“Yes because I have one of my back too, and so do a lot of
people” Gene said with an upset tone.

“Like who?” Nobuyuki asked.

“Like Tiger Woods” Gene said.

“Whose that?” Nobuyuki said.

“Some golfer” Gene said. “That’s not important though Ryoko
is in trouble”

“We will all help” Tenchi said. He grabbed his light sword and
powered up

Mihoshi and Kyone got their guns and they started to shoot at
Nagi. Nagi started to dodge the shots.

Tenchi started to charge at Nagi and he started to swing his
sword and attack Nagi. Nagi dodged his attack and she had
her own attacks. They started to battle each other and Ryoko
jumped in the fight with her energy sword. Nagi was holding
her own. She was able to fight Tenchi and Ryoko at the same
time.

Now no one could attack Nagi. Mihoshi, Kyone, Gene, Sesami,
Washu, Yosho and Nobuyuki couldn’t do anything except watch.

“Gene please do something” Sesami begged him. She grabbed
his arm and a little tear came from her eye.

Gene looked at Sesami. He looked worried and he took a deep
breath through his mouth, and then out his nose. “Ok but stand
back” He said. “AGHHH” He started to shout. His body grew
larger and he started to rip his top. He shouted louder and louder.

Nagi hit Ryoko in the side of her cut and Ryoko fell down. Then
she hit Tenchi in the leg and he lost his balance and fell back.
Nagi looked at Gene and said “He might cause a bit of trouble.
I guess I have to kill her fast” Tenchi got up and he started to
attack her again. Then Ryoko got up and joined.

Genes body started to turn blood red. His eyes turned black
and pupils turned red. He lifted his fists to his side and yelled
louder. He opened his hands. His nails grew longer and turned
into black claws. The top of his forehead ripped and 2 little skull
white horns grew out of his head. His ears became pointy.

Sesami looked worried. She didn’t like when Gene turned into
that monster. “I thought that , that thing was gone” Sesami said.

“Wow that’s what I thought” Washu said.

Sesami and Mihoshi grabbed each other and tightly hugged.
They where both very scared and they started to shake.

“AGHHHHH!” Gene was screaming louder. His voice got darker,
deeper and a whole lot eviler. He nearly sounded like Satan. The
tips of his long hair became jagged and rough. His eyebrow went
into a v shape, and the tip of his nose grew to a sharp end. His
muscles grew bigger and tighter. He was pretty big before but now
he was huge. His arms were the size of tree trunks.

He stopped screaming and he looked at the battle. Then he looked
at Sesami. He looked a bit upset. Then he looked at the battle
again and he became extremely mad. He started to run towards
Nagi faster and faster. She didn’t see him coming. So he was able
to tackle her.  She fell to the ground and he was on top.

“No body, and I mean NO BODY TOUCHES MY BROTHER”
Gene said to Nagi. Then he started to punch Nagi in the face.
He threw a few punches and dug his claws deep into Nagis chest,
he was trying to hit her hart but he just missed.

Nagi got the end handle part of her sword and she shocked Gene
in his kidneys. Then he held his sides and she was able to cut him
across the chest. She shocked him again in the face and she got
him of. “Hmm you can transform, I never got that choice” Nagi
said. “But I did get this” Nagi swung her sword and made a bolt
of lighting hit Gene.

Gene flew back 50 feet and Sesami screamed “No Gene”

Gene was down but he slowly got up again. Tenchi saw Gene
and he quickly rushed towards Gene to aid him.

Ryoko was left alone and then she looked at Tenchi. Nagi took
the chance and again with the bolt of lightning but this
time it came from her hand. The lightning bolt hit Ryoko in her
stomach right into her wounded part.

Then Nagi ran up behind Ryoko and hit her behind the knees.
Ryoko fell to her knees and she was holding the side of her
stomach.

Nagi charged up behind Ryoko. From a 5 foot distance Nagi
lunged at Ryokos head. Nagi hit Ryoko. Her sword went
through the back of Ryokos skull and out through the front of
her head. Right between the eyes above her nose.

“NOOOOO” Washu said. “Not her not my second child. Even
if I created her.” Washu said as she started to cry. Sesami
walked over to Washu and hugged her tightly.

Ryoko died instantly but she was able to say one last word.
“Tenchi” Came out of her mouth.

Tenchi looked as Ryokos was looking directly at her. He saw
her eyes close and Tenchi went mad. “RYOKO!” Tenchi
yelled. He got up and saw just about to charge at her.

But Gene was holding his ankle. He pushed Tenchi back and
started to charge at Nagi again. Gene took a giant jump from
from 30 feet away at a very quick speed. In mid air he pulled
his arm back and then he cut deeply into Nagis face. Nagi was
able to get a bolt of lightning, and she was able to hit him just
as he hit her. She hit him in the face and he went flying about
50 feet into the air and another 50 feet backwards.

“Damn it” Nagi said as she was holding her face. Blood was
squirting out. There were 5 massive cuts from ear to ear on
her face. Blood was running down her face and off her chin
onto the floor. But she was still smiling. She looked at Tenchi
and stuck her hand out. “I will kill the man she loved too”
She was just about to charge up but then it vanished. The
bolt in her hand disappeared and she was totally shocked.

A voice came out “Your powers are gone now” It was
Satan.

A little fire came out of nowhere and it slowly created a circle.
The inside of circle of fire started to twist into a portal. Slowly
Satan started to walk out of the portal again. With the cigar
in his right hand between his thumb and index. A margarita
in his left hand between his index and middle finger.

He started to slowly move his left hand in a circular motion.
Then he said “Good job Nagi you have made me a little proud.
Just a little though.” Satan smiled and then he became angry.
“But now you are useless”

“What?” Nagi said. “You said that you would give me my
life back” She got kind of mad.

“Wrong you sold your soul to kill Ryoko and that is just
what you did” Satan said.

“You bastard” Nagi said.

“Yeah well” Satan said, he brought up his right hand and put
the cigar in his mouth. Then he swung his hand in mid air and
Nagi started to burn.

She started to scream in pain. Her face started to burn to the
skull. First her skin burned and then blood ran down her face.
Her entire body was burning all her clothes, hair and skin was
burnt of by now. Then all her muscles, vains, organs, eyes etc..
She was burnt to bone. Her skull moved and she was still
screaming out. Then her bones and skull turned into ashes.

Satan looked over and he saw Nagis little cabbit run and
trying to attack him. Satan grabbed the little guy in mid air and
crushed him in his hand. Then he threw the dead cabbit into
the portal.

“Now Gene” Satan said. “Are you sure that you don’t want
to be the leader of my armies? In our eternal battle against
heaven?”

“No” Gene shouted. “NEVER”

Satan smiled and said “Well then you wont need that.”
He looked over at Ryokos dead body and it diapered
instantly. “I’ll be seeing you” He said as he walked backwards
into the portal “I’ll be seeing lots of you” Then he started to
laugh again.

“You ok?” Tenchi asked Gene.

“Yes, Sesami will help me” Gene said as he looked at Washu
“Go to Washu” Tenchi nodded and walked towards her.

Sesami looked at Gene and she ran toward him, she got close
but she stopped. She was 3 feet away from him but she
couldn’t go toward him. Sesami was too scared.

Gene looked at Sesami and he stood up with shaking elbows.
“I’m fine thanks” Gene said, holding his left arm.

“I’m so sorry Gene but I’m scared” Sesami said. She watched
as the giant cut on his chest disappear, all the cuts on his face
else disappeared.

He fell to the floor on his hands. “That takes a lot out of me”
He said, he looked up and he slowly turned human “I’m
not sure if I will have enough energy for tonight, I guess that
it will have to be a quickie” He was all human now.

Sesami laughed and she helped him up. He put his right arm
over Sesamis shoulder and she put her left arm around his
waist. “Your crazy Gene” Sesami said with a smile “After
all of this you still want me?”

“Damn right!” Gene said. They slowly walked over to the
ship.

Gene looked at Tenchi and Washu. Tenchi was talking to Washu
quietly. Aeka, Mihoshi and Kyone where in the ship. Nobuyuki
and Yosho were also talking quietly then they slowly walked
into the ship. Then Tenchi put his arms around Washus neck
and he hugged her tightly. Washu hugged him and she put her
arms around his waist.

Gene and Sesami walked inside. She helped him out of his clothes
and onto the bed. He lied down and he fell asleep.

~~~~~~~~~~~~ GENES POINT OF VIEW ~~~~~~~~~~

“Gene, Gene” I heard Sesami calling me.

I slowly opened my eyes and looked outside the window, it
was dark and I said “What time is it?”

Sesami told me “Everyone is asleep” She was starting to get
excited.

I raised my right eyebrow and looked up and down Sesami.
She was totally naked. I got a boner straight away.

“Gene you are such a naughty man” She said as she felt my
dick press against her bed through the covers.

“Wait a second don’t we get to fool around tonight?”
I asked. I was kind of upset.

“Nope, no foreplay, its just a quickie tonight. Gene you have
to rest. But tomorrow will be good. I got something’s
from Washu last night. We are spending the entire day here”
She said seriously.

I smiled and I looked over to the table. There was a black bag
there stuffed with something. “Ok Sesami but tonight you have
to do most of the work”

She nodded in acceptance.

The slowly lifted the bed covers and she looked at my pride
and joy. She gave the top of my dick a little kiss.

“Hmmm stop teasing” I said.

She kneeled down above me and she lowered herself onto my
cock. She spread her pussy lips and took in my entire dick
with on quick motion.

My dick was inside her and she started to moan. I grabbed
her ass and started to squeeze and message it. Her pussy was
amazingly wet. She must have wanted my for a while. My dick
was throbbing inside her. I felt the inside of her pussy tighten
on both sides of my dick.

She started to move up and down. “Ohh Gene, Gene,
Gene” She kept on saying with her eyes closed.

When she moved up her pussy muscles gripped around
my dick. She tried to go faster and faster. Her body started
to shake.

Several minutes past and I see that she must have cumed at
least twice. Then I raised my hand and I grabbed her bouncing
tits. Her nipples were hard as rock. Every time she went up and
down her tits bounce with her. I started to message these
wonders of my world.

I felt that I was going to explode but I said “Stop Sesami
STOP!”

She stopped and opened her eyes. “Whats wrong?”

“Get off and bend over” I told her.

She slowly got off and I got up. She kneeled over with her ass
right in front of my cock.

“What are you doing? Will this hurt?” She asked me. She
looked over her shoulders at me.

“No because I know what to do” I said with a smile.

I lowered my head and bent over. I grabbed her ass cheeks
with my hands and I separated them. Now I can perfectly see
her anus.

I don’t know why I did this but I guess everyone tries everything
once. I hate my self for even thinking about it.

I stuck out my tongue and slowly licked the top of her anus.
She moaned. Then I kissed her anus and I stuck out my tongue
again. I slowly licked around her anus. I stuck my tongue into
it. I put my tongue in and out of her anus.

“Ohh GENE this is so nasty...” She said “Please don’t stop”
She begged for more and more.

I licked faster and faster. In and out. Now her rim was nice and
wet. Just right for the good part.

I stopped and took my dick with my right hand. I slowly
put it in her anus. I gently shoved inch by inch. Very slowly.
She let out a load moan and I put my entire monster into her.

I paused and stopped for about 2 minutes. I told her to relax
and loosen up so it doesn’t hurt her.

Her ass felt great. When my dick was in there all I could feel
is muscles tightening around my dick. The pussy has 2 major
muscles that grab your dick but the ass has tons that grab
your dick.

Another 2 minutes passed and we caught our breath. Her ass
was a lot looser. Then I slowly started to move my waist back
and forth. I moved faster and harder. She dug her hands into the
bed and I grabbed and messaged her tits.

“Gene , Gene, Gene, faster, faster, harder, HARDER” Sesami
begged me. So I did just that.

I was shoving my dick into her so hard that her face was
buried into the bed. I couldn’t even hear her talk or moan. All
I head was mumbling. I did her so hard that I couldn’t control
myself. Both of us where in total ecstasy. In our own happy
land with each other.

At the last minute, I exploded into her. I was that cum run
down her ass. I still banged her until my dick slept.

She screamed my name out this time “OHHHH GEEENNNNEEE,
 GEEENNNNNNEEEEEE!” She said. I bet everyone must
have heard us. I fell to her side and her back faced me.

She was gasping for air. “Gene #gasp# Gene #gasp# we have
to do that again. Soon” She said.

Then we cuddle in the classical ‘spoon’ position and she feel
asleep in my arms.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sorry that Ryoko died. Hey she might even come back. Who
knows? Not even me. Tell me what you thought about this one.
email me at CMDR_DUFF@yahoo.com
For my next chapter I have some MAD ideas!

Mr.Sinister