Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo. AIC/Pioneer owns it.

A/N: This is an AU fic based upon the OAV. I have always wondered how 
things would be different if Tenchi had Ryoko's personality and vice 
versa. There is a little bit of yuri in here, so for those who get 
offended by such things, don't read it. This is, ahem, also my first 
lemon. I hope that you all enjoy this fic! And if anyone wants to know, 
yes this is T/R.




Gentle Ryoko, Impetuous Tenchi


He walked into her room, just like he did every other day. He slowly 
crept up to her bed and looked at her beautiful, sleeping face.

'How I long to hold that face towards mine and taste her sweet lips,' 
he thought.

He leaned in towards her face to fulfill his wish when a female voice 
from downstairs called, "Miss Ryoko!"

'Ah, drat! It's her! I'd better get out of here quick then,' he thought 
as he scampered back to his own room.

Slowly, Ryoko opened her eyes and smiled. 'Finally! A day without 
Tenchi trying to seduce me!'

She slipped out of bed and put a robe over her nightgown as she went to 
the bathroom to shower. Once she was done, she phased into her yellow 
and blue striped dress with the tail. She then went downstairs for 
breakfast.

Ryoko walked into the dining room to see Ayeka and Sasami already there 
and waiting for everybody else.

"Good morning, Ryoko!" said a cheerful Sasami.

"Good morning, Sasami," she said back with a smile.

"Good morning, Miss Ryoko. How are you feeling today?" Ayeka asked her 
with a smile.

"Good morning to you too, Miss Ayeka. I'd also have to say that I'm 
feeling quite nice this morning," said Ryoko with a gentle smile.

Ayeka blushed and said, "Would like to sit down? I saved you a seat 
near me."

Ryoko nodded. "You are very thoughtful, Miss Ayeka. You will make 
someone a wonderful wife one day."

"Do you really think so?" she asked, now blushing profusely.

"Yes, I do. You are very pretty and gentile. I am sure that there would 
be hundreds of people out there who would be willing to marry you," 
said Ryoko.

Ayeka, still blushing said, "Thank you, Miss Ryoko."

"No problem, Miss Ayeka," said Ryoko in return.

Sasami giggled at her sister's reaction to Ryoko's kind words. Sasami 
knew that her sister had a thing for Ryoko, but she didn't know just 
how deep her feelings ran for Ryoko.

Just as Ryoko was about to sit down, Tenchi entered the room. Ayeka 
turned her head from him as she thought, 'Why can't he just leave all 
of us be?'

"Good morning, everyone!" he exclaimed cheerfully.

"Good morning, Tenchi," said Sasami.

"Hey there, Sasami! What did you make for breakfast? It sure smells 
delicious!" Tenchi complimented.

"Why thank you, Tenchi, but I'm not telling. You'll just have to sit 
down and figure out once I get it out here," said Sasami.

"Oh well! At least it was worth a shot," said Tenchi. He then turned 
his attention to Ryoko. "Why good morning, my beautiful Ryoko."

Ryoko blushed. "Good morning, Tenchi."

"Here, let me pull a seat out for you," said Tenchi.

Just then, Ayeka intervened. "Just what do you think you are doing!"

Tenchi looked at Ayeka puzzled. "I'm just offering her a place to sit, 
that's all."

"Well, I already offered before you came down here and she is sitting 
by me," Ayeka proclaimed.

"Why don't we just ask Ryoko where she wants to sit?" asked Tenchi.

"Very well," said Ayeka. "Miss Ryoko, where do you want to sit?"

Ryoko began to feel very nervous. 'Why do they always try to make me 
choose between them?'

"Well," Ayeka encouraged.

"I want to sit next to Sasami," said Ryoko.

"WHAT!" Tenchi and Ayeka both exclaimed.

"Well, once she puts out the food, I'd like to compliment the chef 
personally," said Ryoko.

"Thank you, Ryoko," said Sasami.

Ryoko smiled at Sasami and sat down next to her. Ayeka and Tenchi just 
stared at her with shocked and bewildered looks on their faces.

"Well, the only person who's missing is Miss Washu. Ryoko, do you think 
that you can get her?" asked Sasami.

"Sure, Sasami," said Ryoko.

Ryoko left the table and walked into her mother's lab. She looked 
around for a little while, but when she didn't see her, she decided to 
use the link.

'Mom?' she called out.

'Ah! What is it, Little Ryoko?' asked Washu on her end of the link.

'Sasami sent me to fetch you for breakfast,' said Ryoko.

'Great! I'm starved!' said Washu.

Ryoko waited for her mother as Washu appeared out of thin air and in 
front of her. Washu noticed the distressed look upon her daughter's 
face and became concerned.

"Ryoko? Is something wrong?" asked Washu.

"You could tell, huh?" she asked.

"Yep! So, what is it?" asked Washu.

"I can't choose between them," said Ryoko.

"You're talking about Ayeka and Tenchi, huh?" Washu asked knowingly.

"Uh huh," said Ryoko.

"Well, who do you personally like the best?" asked Washu.

"I don't know. I mean, I'm leaning more towards Tenchi, but Ayeka has 
some incredible qualities that Tenchi doesn't. That's what makes it so 
hard," Ryoko explained.

"Hmmm.I think I have an idea. It's simple, but it just might work," 
said Washu.

"What is it, mom?" asked Ryoko.

"Well, have you ever gotten a chance to spend any time alone with 
either of them?" asked Washu.

"No, I haven't," said Ryoko.

"Well then, why don't you do just that," said Washu.

"Huh?" asked Ryoko.

"What I mean is, why don't you go on a date with both of them," said 
Washu.

"I guess it would be worth a shot," said Ryoko.

"Exactly. I mean, what have you got to lose?" asked Washu.

"Nothing," said Ryoko.

"So, go and ask them after breakfast," said Washu.

Ryoko smiled. "Will do, mom!"

Ryoko and Washu exited the lab and went to have breakfast with the 
others. Once they got there, they both noticed that Ayeka and Tenchi 
were already fighting with each other, as usual.

"Hey, Sasami! Wow! This food sure looks good!" Washu exclaimed.

"Thanks, Miss Washu!" said Sasami.

Ryoko walked past Ayeka and Tenchi and sat down next to Sasami. "Wow, 
Sasami! You sure know how to cook up a storm! I wish that I could cook 
as well as you do."

Sasami smiled at Ryoko. "Ryoko, you can cook very well, but if you want 
some extra lessons, I'd be glad to give them to you."

"Thanks, Sasami!" said Ryoko.

Tenchi and Ayeka then stopped fighting and focused their attention onto 
Ryoko.

"Ryoko, why don't you sit on my lap? It's so much more comfortable than 
a chair," Tenchi said grinning.

Ayeka looked disgusted. "Ugh! Don't influence her with your brazen 
behavior! She might get sick or something."

"I'm amazed that she hasn't gotten sick just by looking at your face!" 
Tenchi shot back.

"How dare you!" Ayeka hissed.

Ryoko groaned. 'There they go again.'

Ryoko finished her breakfast as fast as possible and then left for the 
onsen. She needed to escape Tenchi and Ayeka's bickering.

Once in the onsen, she looked around to make sure no one was around. 
When she saw that the coast was clear, she shed her towel and relaxed.

Back in the house, Ayeka and Tenchi had finished fighting and Tenchi 
noticed that Ryoko was missing. He left to go and find her, but she 
wasn't in any of her usual spots. He only knew of one other place that 
she could be at and that was the onsen. A devilish smile came upon his 
face as he rushed to the onsen.

Ryoko loved just being alone in the waters of the onsen. It was 
extremely soothing. She then noticed a shadow in the water, but she 
didn't think much of it.

Tenchi looked at Ryoko from where he was in the onsen. He was just as 
naked as she was and he was tempted to make love to her right then and 
there.

'Why not just go for it?' he asked himself.

He waded up to Ryoko and fortunately for him, her eyes were closed. She 
also had a peaceful smile on her face. He looked at her absolute beauty 
and it took his breath away.

'She's so beautiful,' he thought. 'Even more so now.'

Tenchi put his arms around her waist and gently put his head on top of 
one of her shoulders.

'She's so warm and soft,' he thought.

'Mmm.what is that nice feeling?' Ryoko wondered to herself. Ryoko 
slowly opened her eyes to see Tenchi holding her gently.

'Uh oh! What's Miss Ayeka gonna think when she's sees this? I need to 
wake him up and fast!' she thought, frantically.

"Umm.Tenchi? Wake up," said Ryoko.

Tenchi slowly opened his own eyes and gazed upon the vision of 
loveliness before him. He smiled at her, but she looked nervous as 
hell.

"Tenchi, what are you doing holding me like this?" she asked.

"All lovers hold each other like this," Tenchi said wickedly.

"But we're not lovers," Ryoko pointed out.

Tenchi flashed her a fiendish smile. "Ah, but we will be.right now." 
With that said, he began to kiss her neck and nibbled gently on her 
soft flesh.

Ryoko tried to protest, but his motions felt so good and so right, but 
then a horrible thought entered her mind, 'What if Miss Ayeka sees 
this?'

Ryoko pushed Tenchi gently away. "No, Tenchi. I can't do this. Not 
now."

Tenchi's head drooped as he asked, "Are you in love with Ayeka?"

"No," said Ryoko.

Tenchi looked at her hopefully.

"I don't know whom I love," she finalized.

Tenchi's head drooped again as he said, "Oh."

Ryoko gave him a tender smile and placed a hand on one of his 
shoulders. "But, I have an idea of how to figure out who I do love."

"Really?" asked Tenchi. Ryoko just smiled at him and nodded. Tenchi, 
overwhelmed with happiness, grabbed Ryoko in a tight bear hug.

Ryoko's face went red as she felt the contact of his nude body on top 
of hers. As his grip loosened up, she had her eyes closed and let out 
an unintentional moan. Tenchi looked at her and grinned. That was 
exactly the kind of response that he was hoping for. 

Ryoko, hoping that Tenchi would let go, flushed at the fact that she 
did moan. Tenchi took this chance to rub his naked body up against 
hers, causing her to moan even louder and even more.

Tenchi then grabbed her face and kissed her passionately. Ryoko 
couldn't do anything else, but respond to his actions.

At that moment, though, Ryoko pulled away. She was both flushed and 
breathless. She looked up at Tenchi and said, "Tenchi, please don't do 
that. Please.just wait until I'm ready and until I decide between you 
and Miss Ayeka."

Tenchi sighed and reluctantly agreed. Ryoko smiled as she pulled 
herself out of the water and slipped her towel back on.

"Wait for me, Tenchi. Wait for me and you might get your wish," said 
Ryoko.

Tenchi smiled at her. 'She is so beautiful and innocent. Ayeka deserves 
her, not me. I would just taint that beautiful angel that is before 
me.'

Ryoko walked out of the onsen and back into the house, leaving Tenchi 
all by himself with his thoughts.

Ayeka saw Ryoko walk back into the house and graced her with a smile. 
Ryoko smiled back at her and then walked upstairs to her room. The 
minute she got into her room, she closed the door behind her and let 
out a long sigh.

'I'm falling in love with Tenchi, but I should at least give Miss Ayeka 
a chance before I announce anything,' she thought.

With her thoughts cleared from her mind, she left her room and walked 
back downstairs and into the living room, only to find Ayeka and Tenchi 
in there fighting.

"Ahem!" said Ryoko, interrupting their fight.

"Ryoko!" exclaimed Tenchi.

"Miss Ryoko!" said Ayeka.

"Tenchi, Miss Ayeka. May I speak with the both of you?" she asked, 
politely.

Both of them moved, so that she could sit down on the couch. After she 
sat down, she looked at them seriously and said, "The fighting has got 
to stop. It's not going to prove anything. My love is already leaning 
towards one of you already, but I want to give each of you a chance to 
be alone with me on a date, just in case I was deluding myself with my 
choice."

They both looked at her and nodded.

'That sounds reasonable,' thought Ayeka.

'A day alone with Ryoko?! I would kill for that!' Tenchi thought 
happily.

"Alright, now, who wants to go first?" she asked.

Both hands shot up at the same time and she sighed. "Okay, I guess I 
could go on two dates in one day. Who would like to take the daytime 
and who would like to take the nighttime?"

"I will take the daytime, Miss Ryoko," said Ayeka.

"I will take the nighttime," said Tenchi.

"Good. Now that we have that settled, where will we you be taking me, 
Miss Ayeka?" asked Ryoko.

"On a picnic in the forest. Does that sound ok with you?" asked Ayeka.

"That sounds just wonderful. And you Tenchi?" asked Ryoko.

"That's a secret, Ryoko," said Tenchi with a smile.

"Alrighty then, tomorrow we will have our dates. Miss Ayeka, at what 
time should I expect our date to be at?" asked Ryoko.

"How about two in the afternoon?" asked Ayeka  

"That sounds just fine," said Ryoko. "Well now, our little meeting is 
adjourned. I will see you both at dinner." She then left the living 
room and went back to her own room.

'I will be the one to win her heart!' Tenchi and Ayeka both thought.

The rest of the day passed rather quickly and uneventfully. As the next 
day came, Ayeka was preparing herself for her date with Ryoko.

As Ryoko went downstairs for breakfast, Tenchi cornered her. "Hey, 
Ryoko!" he said with smile.

"Hello, Tenchi!" she said with equal cheerfulness.

"Umm.Ryoko? May I speak with you?" he asked.

"Sure, Tenchi. What's up?" she asked.

"Well.how far are we allowed to go with you on this date?" he asked, 
nervously.

"Define 'how far'" said Ryoko.

"I mean how far physically," he said.

Ryoko's face turned red. "Umm."

"Oh, come on! You must know!" said Tenchi.

"Okay.kissing is as far as either of you can and will go," said Ryoko.

"I can live with that," said Tenchi with a grin.

"You're going to have to because I won't let you touch me in the way 
that you want to touch me," said Ryoko.

"Fine by me, but if I do win, will I be able to touch you then?" he 
asked, devilishly.

"Umm.sure," said Ryoko, blushing.

"Really?" he asked, moving in on her body.

Ryoko gulped. "Uh huh."

Tenchi's hot breath covered her flesh. "I'll be able to do anything and 
touch anywhere I want?"

Ryoko's face was now bright red as she squeaked out a word, "Yes."

"That's all I needed to know," said Tenchi as he pulled away from her 
and went to breakfast.

Ryoko just stood in the middle of the staircase in a daze. 'Oh man, 
this is going to be tough,' she thought as she was coming out of her 
daze.

She then regained her composure and went down for breakfast. 

The rest of the morning passed by rather quickly. Ayeka and Sasami were 
making food for the picnic that Ayeka and Ryoko were to go on that 
afternoon.

Once it was 2pm, Ayeka snagged Ryoko and her picnic basket and brought 
Ryoko to a secluded part of the forest.

"Wow, Miss Ayeka! You sure picked a nice spot for our date!" said 
Ryoko.

"Thank you, Miss Ryoko," Ayeka said happily as she laid out the picnic 
blanket and put out the food.

"This food looks incredible! Did you make it?" asked Ryoko.

Ayeka blushed. "Well, most of it. Sasami coached me."

"She did a great job in doing that. You could one day be a gourmet 
chef," said Ryoko, smiling at Ayeka.

Ayeka blushed even deeper. 'This is going very well!'

Once they had finished eating. Ryoko and Ayeka went for a walk and 
Ayeka asked permission to hold Ryoko's hand, which was granted. 

Ayeka and Ryoko were talking and laughing, while Ayeka was still 
blushing because she was holding Ryoko's hand. They both made it to a 
cliff where the sun was setting and Ayeka placed her head on Ryoko's 
right shoulder and Ryoko placed her arm around her waist.

"Ryoko?" said Ayeka.

"Yes?" she asked.

"May I." Ayeka started hesitantly.

"May you what?" she asked.

"May I kiss you?" Ayeka asked, while blushing fiercely at the same 
time.

Ryoko smiled warmly at her and said, "Sure."

Ryoko, being the taller of the two, leaned forward and kissed Ayeka 
gently. Ayeka responded in kind by wrapping her arms around Ryoko's 
waist and deepening the kiss. Ryoko wrapped her own arms around Ayeka's 
waist and held her close. They stood like that for five minutes until 
they broke apart.

"That was incredible," Ayeka commented, while trying to catch her 
breath.

"It sure was," said Ryoko with a smile.

They then decided to walk home. Ryoko was carrying the picnic basket in 
one hand and holding Ayeka's hand in the other.

Once they were at the front door they just stood there with smiles on 
their faces.

"I had a wonderful time, Miss Ryoko," said Ayeka.

"You don't have to call me Miss Ryoko anymore, Ayeka," said Ryoko.

"I do have a confession to make, Ryoko," said Ayeka.

"Yes, Ayeka?" Ryoko asked curiously.

"I am in love with you," Ayeka confessed as she looked deeply into 
Ryoko's eyes.

Ryoko looked shocked. "I don't know what to say, Ayeka. I do like you a 
whole lot, but I do need a little more time, ok?"

"Alright, I'll wait," Ayeka said with a small smile.

Ryoko then took both of Ayeka's hands in hers and kissed them. She then 
said, "Goodnight, Ayeka."

Ayeka blushed and said, "Goodnight, Ryoko."

They then leaned in for another kiss, which was even more passionate 
than the last one that they shared. Their bodies were pressed up 
against each other and their tongues were wrestling fiercely in each 
other's mouths.

Once they pulled apart, Ryoko placed a gentle kiss on Ayeka's cheek as 
she said, "Goodnight." She then walked inside the house without another 
word.

Ayeka just stood there for a minute, thinking back at what had 
transpired between Ryoko and herself.

'She kissed me with such passion. I wonder if I am the one who she was 
leaning towards,' thought Ayeka. She then cleared her mind and walked 
back into the house.

Ryoko was already in her room, thinking about where she was going to go 
with Tenchi on their date.

'Why is Tenchi being so secretive about it? Oh well, I guess I'll find 
out when the time comes,' thought Ryoko.

At that very moment, Tenchi knocked on her door and she walked over to 
it and opened it.

"Hi, Ryoko! How was your date with Ayeka?" he asked.

"It was nice, thank you. How should I dress for our date tonight?" she 
asked.

"Umm.wear something simple, yet elegant. I'm almost done with the 
preparations for it. I would like you in the hall in thirty minutes," 
said Tenchi.

"Okay," said Ryoko.
  
"Alright, see you soon," said Tenchi as he left her room.

"Yeah," said Ryoko as she closed her door. She then phased into a long 
midnight blue dress with spaghetti straps, that was loose and tight at 
the same time. It was also only somewhat revealing, which in turn left 
much to the imagination.

The thirty minutes passed by rather quickly and then she phased into 
the upstairs hall, where Tenchi told her to wait for him.

Right then, Tenchi appeared out of his room and walked up to Ryoko 
wearing a suit that, in her opinion, made him look drop dead gorgeous.

"My, my, my! Now don't we look stunning," Tenchi complimented as he 
looked at Ryoko up and down.

Ryoko blushed and said, "You look very handsome too."

"Why, thank you," he said, grinning.

"Umm.where are we going for our date?" she asked.

"Nowhere," said Tenchi.

"Huh?" she asked.

"We're staying here for our date," said Tenchi.

"Here?" Ryoko questioned.

"Here," Tenchi confirmed.

"Why?" she asked.

"Well, I'm going to invite you into my room for our date," said Tenchi.

"Uh.Tenchi." she began, but got cut off by him.

"No, no. Nothing like that! I mean, we're going to be having dinner in 
there," he said.

"Oh," she said, relieved.

"Well, come on! We don't want the food to go to waste," said Tenchi.

"Alright," said Ryoko with a smile.

Tenchi opened the door to his room and let her in. The minute she 
walked in there, her eyes went wide with awe. 

The whole room was dark, save for the many tiny candles that were 
placed just about everywhere. There was a small table with two chairs 
that was simply, but elegantly set with delicious food covering it. The 
room also smelled of cherry blossoms and Tenchi knew that she loved 
that flower's scent a whole lot.

"It looks and smells so wonderful in here," said Ryoko, who was still 
in awe.

"You really do like it?" he asked, hopefully.

"Like it? I love it!" she exclaimed.

"Well then, let me help you into your seat," said Tenchi as he pulled 
out one of the chairs for her to sit down in.

Ryoko smiled gratefully at him as she sat down. She noticed that none 
of the food was Japanese, but was indeed European.

"We're having European food for dinner? How very classy," said Ryoko.

"Well, I wanted to try something different. I hope that you're not too 
disappointed," said Tenchi.

"No, not at all. In fact, I've always wanted to try some," said Ryoko.

"That's good," said Tenchi with a relieved smile.

Ryoko and Tenchi then began to eat. After the meal was over, Ryoko 
walked over to Tenchi and smiled.

"Thank you for the lovely evening, Tenchi. It was short, but nice," she 
said.

"The evening isn't over," said Tenchi.

Ryoko's eyes widened. "It isn't?"

Tenchi grinned at her. "Nuh uh."

"Okay, so, what else do you have planned?" she asked.

"This," said Tenchi as he leaned forward and kissed her.

The kiss took Ryoko totally by surprise, but then she couldn't help 
herself anymore. She responded by kissing him fiercely.

Tenchi's kisses were growing more intense and she responded with the 
same amount of intensity each and every time.

Ryoko felt Tenchi's hands roam her and explore her body feverishly. She 
broke the kiss and backed away.

"What is it, Ryoko? Did I do something wrong?" he asked, worriedly.

"No, Tenchi. I just can't go that far right now," she said.

Tenchi hung his head low. "I'm sorry."

Ryoko looked at him tenderly. "Don't be sorry, Tenchi. I enjoyed it, 
but it isn't the right time."

"I see. I guess you want to go to bed then. Goodnight," said Tenchi, 
who was still looking at the floor.

Ryoko walked up to him and said, "Look at me, Tenchi."

Tenchi looked up at her and saw the tenderness that her face held. She 
then put her arms around his neck and said, "Let's try it again, but 
not as forceful."

Tenchi nodded and then kissed her. She could feel his hunger, but she 
knew that he would not break his word to her. She hungered for him too, 
but she couldn't let herself go just yet. They then broke away and 
Tenchi had a smile on his face.

"May I ask a favor of you?" he asked.

"Sure," she said.

"May I kiss your neck?" he asked.

"Umm.ok," she replied.

Tenchi leaned forward and began to kiss at her neck. He then bared his 
teeth on her flesh and began to nibble on it.

'Why didn't I realize that I wasn't falling in love with him, but that 
I was actually in love with him the whole time? He actually treats me 
like a woman, while Ayeka treats me like I'm a man and I don't like 
that. I like being treated like a woman and being flattered all the 
time. Tenchi does that for me, while Ayeka doesn't. I'm going to lose 
it any minute now, so I'd better tell him how I feel,' she thought.

At that very moment, Ryoko pulled away from Tenchi's lips and looked up 
at him with love in her eyes.

"Tenchi?" she whispered.

"What?" he asked.

"I love you," she said, smiling.

"Do you really, Ryoko?" he asked.

"Yes," she whispered in a breathy voice.

"May I make love to you now, or do I still have to wait?" he asked.

"Wait until I tell Ayeka tomorrow, then you can do that," said Ryoko.

"I could wait a millennia for you if I had to. I love you that much, 
you know," he said with a happy smile.

"I know," she said, while holding onto him.

"Did you kiss Ayeka?" he asked, suddenly.

"Yes, Tenchi, I did," she replied.

"Who kisses better?" he asked.

"You do, of course," she answered him with a grin.

"I love you," he said as he pulled her even closer.

"I love you too, my Tenchi," she replied as she put her head on his 
chest.

"Ryoko?" he said.

"Hmm?" she asked.

"You said that we couldn't make love, but that doesn't mean that we 
can't have foreplay," he said, wickedly.

Ryoko started blush nervously. "Umm.I."

"Please?" he whispered hotly in her right ear.

Ryoko gulped and then said, "Alright."

Tenchi slowly unzipped her dress and let it fall to the ground, which 
revealed her in her undergarments. Ryoko's face turned bright red.

"Umm.do we have to take our clothes off in order to do this?" she 
asked.

Tenchi laughed. "Of course we do, Ryoko. How can I touch you in the way 
I want to touch you if you have your clothes on?"

Ryoko looked nervous. She didn't know what to do, being a virgin and 
all. She was frightened out of her wits. She knew the basics about sex, 
but nothing beyond the basics. This was an all-new experience for her.

"Have you ever done this before, Tenchi?" she asked, nervously.

"Never. And you?" he asked.

"No," she replied.

"Well then, I guess that we'll have to learn together, huh?" he said.

"I guess so," she replied.

Tenchi moved closer to her and kissed her again. In the middle of 
kissing, Tenchi unsnapped her bra, which then fell to the floor. He 
then pulled away and gazed upon her half naked body.

"You are so incredibly beautiful, Ryoko," he said, while looking at 
her.

Ryoko blushed and said, "You aren't so bad yourself."

Tenchi smiled at her as they moved to kiss again, even more passionate 
than before. Tenchi's hands moved to Ryoko's rear and he gently pushed 
her panties down. She felt him doing this, so she aided him, pulling 
them all the way down and then she kicked them away from herself.

Tenchi almost couldn't hold himself in. "God, I want you!"

 Ryoko grinned and then pulled away from Tenchi's embrace, eyeing him 
up and down. She then noticed a very large bulge in his pants and her 
grin widened.

"Wow! You get an erection pretty fast," she commented.

Tenchi looked down and smiled sheepishly at her. "That always happens 
when I picture you or see you naked."

"Really? Is that so?" she teased.

"Uh huh," he replied.

Ryoko gave him a lustful smile. "Do you know what I want to do to you 
right now?"

Tenchi shook his head no and Ryoko walked up to him and pressed her 
nude body up to his clothed one, which sent shivers down his spine.

"Let me undress you, Tenchi," she said, sweetly.

Tenchi smiled and nodded as she began to unbutton his shirt. After she 
removed his shirt, she began to kiss at his chest and this was making 
the both of them much more aroused. She then stopped kissing his chest 
and moved down to his pants and unzipped them. Once she got rid of 
those, she looked at him in his boxers with his erection longing for 
escape. She gently pulled them down and then got rid of them. They then 
began to start kissing anew.

Tenchi carefully maneuvered them over to his bed and then broke away 
from Ryoko, scooping her up and placing her gently onto his bed.

At that moment, Tenchi went on top of her and they began to kiss again. 
Ryoko's shy nature was quickly melting away as arousal and lust took 
over her mind.

Tenchi quickly moved away from her lips and began to kiss her neck 
again, but more sensuously this time. He stopped kissing and began to 
lick and nibble at her neck in the same manner.

"Tenchi," she moaned.

Tenchi slowly made his way down from her neck and down to her soft 
cleavage. He began to slowly place tiny kisses on each one as he made 
his way down to her nipples.

He put one hand on her right breast and began to massage it, teasing 
the nipple on that breast with his fingers. He then placed his mouth 
around her left breast's nipple and began to lick, nibble, and suckle 
on it.

"Oh, Tenchi. Pl...please don't stop," she pleaded and moaned at the 
same time.

His hand then left her right breast and moved down to her bare stomach, 
touching it gently and making her shiver with excitement at the same 
time.

"Mmm.Tenchi. That feels so good," she moaned even louder than before.

His hand then left her stomach and caressed each of her thighs gently, 
which made her arch back and moan huskily in response. 

He then switched his mouth from her left breast to her right one, 
giving that breast the same treatment the other one received.

His hand stopped caressing her thighs and moved in between her legs to 
her dampened vagina. His index finger brushed against her erect clit 
and started to massage it.

"Tenchi!" she yelled.

He then replaced his index finger with his thumb and placed his index 
finger into her slit, moving it in and out of her.

"Oh, God! Mmm.Tenchi, please do some more! Do some more!" she panted.

Tenchi's fingers moved faster and faster as Ryoko arched her back and 
climaxed screaming, "Tenchiiiiiiiii!!!!!!!!!!"

Tenchi removed his mouth from her right breast and let Ryoko catch her 
breath. He slowly licked his finger and he was amazed that he actually 
liked the taste of her.

Tenchi moved to see her face and smiled at her. "Are you okay, my 
love?"

Ryoko smiled up at him. "I'm fine."

Tenchi brushed away her damp locks from her forehead. He leaned forward 
and kissed her forehead gently, which made Ryoko sigh.

"I hope that Ayeka didn't hear that," said Ryoko.

"I know that she didn't," Tenchi said slyly.

"Just what are you telling me?" she asked, suspiciously.

"I asked Washu to make my room soundproof today," he said.

"Did she ask why you wanted it soundproofed?" asked Ryoko.

"Nope," he said.

"You got lucky," she said.

"I know," he replied.

"I have another question," said Ryoko.

"Shoot," said Tenchi.

"All of what you were doing felt real good, but what exactly were you 
doing?" she asked.

"You mean you don't know why?" he asked, bewildered.

"Not really," she admitted.

"What did it feel like I was doing to you?" he asked.

"It felt like you were arousing me," she said.

"That's exactly right," he said.

"Oh. It is?" she asked.

"Yep," he answered.

"Hmm.well then, arouse away," she giggled.

Tenchi smiled at her and moved on to fulfill her wish. He parted her 
legs and then moved his mouth right on top of her vagina, pressing his 
tongue up against her clit and massaging it while his tongue was like 
that.

Ryoko grabbed a hold of the sheets and squeezed her eyes shut. The 
pleasure he was giving her was near to unbearable, but she did want it. 
She began to grit her teeth as his tongue began to make its way lower 
and down to her slit. 

With two fingers, Tenchi opened her the folds to her slit and slid his 
tongue inside. Ryoko couldn't take it anymore, so she screamed his name 
forcefully. He continued to caress the insides of her womanhood with 
his tongue until she climaxed into his mouth. Tenchi drank all of the 
juices that she dispelled from her body.

Tenchi then moved up to face Ryoko and smiled at her. "How was that?"

"Good," she sighed happily. She then frowned, realizing that Tenchi got 
none of the pleasure that he so willingly bestowed upon her in return.

"Tenchi?" she said.

"Yeah?" he asked, while he had his head pillowed upon her chest.

"You didn't let me do anything," she said.

"Do you want to do something?" he asked.

"Well, yeah. It's only fair," she said.

"You don't have to if you don't want to, Ryoko," he said.

"Are you sure?" she asked.

"Yes, of course I'm sure. I mean, do you have any idea of how to give a 
guy pleasure?" he asked.

"Not really," she admitted.

"You see? You wouldn't know where to start," he said.

"I could learn, though," she said.

"Hmm.well, if you want we can start slow, alright?" he asked.

"Okay," she said with a small smile.

"Alright. Oh God, this is gonna be so embarrassing," he said.

"How come?" she asked.

"Uh.never mind that. Okay, first you take that and put your hand around 
it," he explained as he pointed to his erect penis.

Ryoko did so and looked at him expectedly. "Now what?"

"Now, you stroke it up and down gently. I will tell you if I want you 
to go faster and I will warn you when I'm about to climax, ok?" he 
asked.

Ryoko shrugged. "Alright."

Tenchi closed his eyes as she stroked his penis gently. He had never 
felt this kind of pleasure in his life.

"Ryoko," he groaned.

Ryoko heard him and continued her motions, but just a little bit 
faster. He continued to call out her name up until he felt his climax 
coming on.

"Umm.Ryoko, I'm gonna." he started, but he couldn't finish as he just 
climaxed into her hands.

Tenchi looked down at her hands full of his own juices and said, "Oh 
God, Ryoko! I'm sorry!"

"That's ok, Tenchi. Do you have something I could possibly clean my 
hands up with?" she asked.

"Well, why don't you just lick it off?" he suggested. "I did it when 
you climaxed."

"Alright," she said as she brought her hands up to her mouth and began 
to lick them off.

Since she couldn't taste it, she licked all of it off of her hands in 
no time. Tenchi was amazed that she could do that.

"Well, I guess that's all for tonight then," he said.

"There's no more?" she asked, disappointed.

"Well, the next step is sex and you specifically told me that you 
didn't want to do that right now," he said.

"Oh," she said. "Well then, I have now changed my mind."

Tenchi's eyes widened. "What?"

Ryoko smiled at him as she brought her face up to meet his. "I want to 
make love to you."

"Are you sure, Ryoko?" he asked. "I mean, it might hurt."

"I know that, Tenchi, but I also know that even though I will be losing 
something, I'll be gaining something in the process," she said, 
tenderly.

Tenchi smiled at her and said, "Alright."

Ryoko then switched places with Tenchi, so that he was on top. Tenchi 
gently opened the folds to her slit and slowly guided his penis inside 
of her.

Ryoko bit her lip, knowing that the painful part was coming up and when 
it did, she let out a small cry of pain, as her hymen was broken.

"Are you all right?" Tenchi asked quickly.

"I'm fine, my love. It just stings a bit," she said.

"Do you want me to keep going or do you want me to stop?" he asked.

"Keep going, Tenchi. I want to feel you give your love to me," said 
Ryoko.

Tenchi kept on pushing inside of her slowly and once he was fully 
inside of her he began to push in and pull out of her.

"That feels so nice, Tenchi," she said as she sighed contentedly.

He began to speed up and Ryoko was panting louder and faster than 
before and so was Tenchi.

She began to thrust her hips forward at his motions and soon enough she 
climaxed. Tenchi climaxed a little after her.

Tenchi then accidentally collapsed on top of Ryoko after their 
lovemaking.

"Tenchi? Is it ok if I move you? You're kinda squashing me," said 
Ryoko.

Tenchi looked up at her and nodded. Ryoko then proceeded to move Tenchi 
carefully on the other side of the bed.

Ryoko looked at her beloved and smiled at his sleeping face. She soon 
felt her eyelids droop as she quickly fell asleep.

The next day, Tenchi woke up and found Ryoko sleeping next to him. He 
smiled as he remembered the previous night between them. He watched how 
she was breathing, along with the happy, yet serene smile on her face. 
Ryoko began to slowly open up her golden eyes and when they were fully 
opened, they found Tenchi staring at her.

"Well, good morning to you too, lover," she chirped happily in a groggy 
sounding voice.

"Hey," he said as he placed a small kiss on her right cheek.

"We need to get up, Tenchi and tell Ayeka as soon as possible," she 
said.

"True, but what about the others?" he asked.

"They can wait. I think my mom knows by now, but I was gonna tell her 
anyway," she said.

"Oh," said Tenchi.

"Well then. I'm gonna phase into something and I'll see you 
downstairs," she said as she quickly phased into a dress and teleported 
downstairs.

Tenchi then got out of bed himself and got dressed in his field 
clothes.

Ryoko walked to the dining table for breakfast and found that Ayeka was 
sitting at the table, eating take out.

"Where's Sasami?" asked Ryoko.

"She's not feeling well," said Ayeka.

"Oh, I see," said Ryoko as she sat down at the table.

"So, how was your date with Tenchi?" asked Ayeka.

"It was nice," said Ryoko. "I enjoyed it."

"Have you come to a decision?" Ayeka asked hopefully.

"Well, actually.I have," said Ryoko.

"Who?" Ayeka asked anxiously.

"Now, now, wait. We need to wait for Tenchi to come down here so that I 
can announce it also to him," said Ryoko.

"Very well," said Ayeka.

At that exact moment, Tenchi came downstairs and walked up to Ryoko and 
Ayeka.

"Good morning, ladies," he said.

"Good morning, Tenchi," said Ayeka.

"Hey, Tenchi," said Ryoko.

"Ryoko has come to a decision between us, Tenchi," said Ayeka.

"Really? Well then, go on and say it," said Tenchi.

"Okay. First off let me say this. I enjoyed both dates immensely. You 
two are both magnificent people, but I love only one of you," she said.

"And that would be." Ayeka encouraged.

Ryoko took a deep breath and said, "Tenchi."

Ayeka's heart stopped right there and then. Tears were flowing freely 
down her face.

"You love whom?" asked Ayeka, trying to make sure that she was not 
dreaming.

"I love Tenchi, Ayeka," said Ryoko.

"Why?" asked Ayeka, her voice barely audible.

"Because he treats me like I'm a woman, not a man like you do. I don't 
like having to take control all the time. I want an equal partnership. 
We wouldn't be able to have that, Ayeka. My feelings were also always 
much stronger for Tenchi in the beginning," said Ryoko.

"I see," said Ayeka, quietly.

"Ayeka?" said Tenchi.

"Yes?" she asked.

"You can still stay here if you like. No one is making you leave," he 
said.

"Are you sure?" she asked.

"Yes, I'm sure!" Tenchi exclaimed.

"Thank you, Tenchi. Now, if you two would excuse me, I need to go to my 
room to think," said Ayeka.

"I understand, Ayeka," said Ryoko.

Ayeka nodded and then quickly left for her room. Tenchi and Ryoko 
looked at the princess leave the room and they both felt bad for her.

"Do you wanna go for a walk, Ryoko?" Tenchi offered.

"I'd like that," said Ryoko.

The two of them left the house and took a walk towards the lake nearby 
the house. Once they were half way there, Ryoko decided to strike up a 
conversation.

"Hey, Tenchi?" said Ryoko.

"Yeah?" he asked.

"What do you love most about me?" she asked.

"Everything," he said.

Ryoko laughed. "Come on, Tenchi. You can't be serious!"

"I am being serious, Ryoko," said Tenchi.

Ryoko's laughter faded away and she said, "Sorry."

"Hey, Ryoko?" said Tenchi.

"Hmm?" she asked.

"Do you regret it?" he asked.

"Regret what?" she asked, confused.

"Do you regret last night?" he asked.

"No," she replied. "I love you, Tenchi. Why should I regret it?"

"That's true, but I'm still worried that you might have second thoughts 
and go to Ayeka," said Tenchi.

"Never, Tenchi. Ayeka could never replace you. No one ever could," said 
Ryoko.

They finally reached the lake and sat down on a boulder that was lying 
by it, watching the sky.

Tenchi looked at Ryoko and smiled as he said, "I love you, Ryoko."

Ryoko looked at Tenchi and returned his smile as she said, "Likewise, 
Tenchi. Likewise."




End




A/N: I hoped that you readers liked this fic. Now I can go back to 
finish chapter 10 of To Rule Or To Love. Woo hoo! I don't have writer's 
block; I just have so many ideas in my head that I just had to let out. 
Well, anyway, ja ne!









     






  




