				
Warning: All characters accept David and Jesse are copyrighted by 
Pioneer.  This will never really happen to people but it's still 
a pretty good fantasy.


A HAPPY ABDUTION		

	David walks up to the front door and rings the doorbell.  A young 
woman comes to the door and opens it.
	
"Hi David." says the girl in a sweet sounding voice.
	
"Hello Jessica." responded David.

Jessica grabs David's hand and drags him into the house and 
upstairs into her average size bedroom extremely quick and quiet.  She 
pushes David on to the bed and she walks over to her dresser and picks 
up a small key and locks the door with it.
	
"Why'd you do that? I thought there was nobody home."  Asked 
David. 
	
"My older sister may come home early from her dumb ass date with 
her boyfriend." Replied Jessica.
  	
Jessica walks over to her and came out wearing a laced black 
tedy.
	
"Where the fuck did you get that?" Asked David	
	
"I had a friend lend me this for the night, and why you asking, 
don't you like it?" Asked Jessica.
	
"Oh I like it, I "really" like it." Replied David.
	
Jessica hops on the queen size bed next to Dave.  She pulled her 
upper body up to make it even with his crotch.  Jessica reaches up, 
unbuttons and unzips Dave's jeans.  She unsnaps the button on his 
boxers and pulls out his average size cock.  Jessica looks up and 
smiles at Dave and Save smiles right back.  Jessica open's her mouth as 
wide as possible and drives down on to his cock.  She slowly goes up 
and down and fiddles with his balls.  Everytime she keeps going down 
and would flick her tongue on Dave's dick head.  Suddenly a big white 
blob of cum comes flying out of his cock.
	
"Sorry, I think I should have told you I was going to do that." 
Said David.
	
"I think I should get my chance to play with you." Demanded 
David.
	
"Okay, okay just let me clean of your cum from my face." Replied 
Jessica.
	
The next thing David knew a large circular portal opened up and 
sucked him in before he knew what had happen.
			*	*	*	*	*	*

	David opened his eyes and found himself in a large glass tube 
half filled with a gooey blue liquid.
	
"Oh... it looks like you finally woke up." Said a familiar voice.
	
A young looking girl walked out of the darkness.  She was just 
under 5 feet with defy-gravity pink hair.
	
"Welcome David, My name is Washu." Says Washu.
	
"I have brought you here for one reason and that is to distract 
this girl while I have fun with the boy of this house." Explained 
Washu.
	
2 large pictures popped up onto an invisible screen with the name 
Ryoko under a blue hared girl, and Tenchi under the boy's picture.
	
"So your telling me that if I just have to have sex with this 
girl and you'll be able to do what you need to do with this guy?" 
replied Washu.
	
"Okay then I accept your offer Washu." Says David.
	
"But before you leave David, I have to do something to you." Said 
Washu.
	
"I need to have a sample of your cum!" Chuckled Washu.
	
David is lifted out of the bottle and finds that he is completely 
naked.  Washu disappeared into the darkness of her lab as David is laid 
down 	onto a flat bed and the restraints are automatically connected to 
his arms and legs.  Washu reappeared wearing a skin tight leather 
nurse's outfit.
	
"Now how are we going to get this?"  Asked Washu.

"Manually...Na to messy."

"Orally...nope hate the taste."

"Intercourse...Its the only way."
	
 A big smile appears on Dave's face as Washu hiked up her skirt, 
took off her g-string and drops her pussy onto his hard dick.  Washu 
unbutton the white leather shirt and both of her huge tits come 
flopping out.  
	
"Now just sit back and let me do all the work." Purred Washu.
	
Washu leaned forward and balanced her body on Dave's cock and the 
thrusted her hips back and forth.	
	
"Faster please...FASTER!" screamed David.
	
Washu stops for a second and types something into her computer 
and then a mysterious neckbrace appears on Washu's neck.  She pressed a 
little red button on it and a bright yellow light outlined her body.  
Her speed increased dramatically and Dave and Washu started to moan 
loudly in unison.
	
"I can't take it anymore, I'm gonna...CUM!" yelled David.

Dave blows hid load into her pussy over and over again.

"How are you going to get the sample?" asked Dave.

"You'll see." replied Washu.

Washu walked over to a machine with a bunch of hoses coming out 
of it.  One goes right into her pussy and starts removing Dave's sperm 
sample.  

"Now for phase two of my plan."  Said Washu.

A small pink pill dropped out and Washu picked up a small pink 
pill and put it into David's hand.

"What's this?" asked David.

"Its the super duper lust power pill invented by me little 
Washu!" exclaimed Washu.

"All you have to do is kiss Ryoko and shove this down her throat 
with your tongue." Explained Washu.

"Okay... I think I can do that." Said David as he grasped the 
pill in his hand.  

"Oh there is another thing... you have to keep her busy for at 
least 2 hours." Said Washu.
				*	*	*
Ryoko was lying on the coach watching a kissy soap opera all by 
herself. " (Man, with everybody out, even Tenchi there is nothing 
really to do")  
 	Suddenly somebody entered the room and lands on top of Ryoko.

"Who the fuck are you? Asked Ryoko.

"Never mind that, all you need you to know is my name." Said the 
mysterious teen.

"And that is?" Asked Ryoko.

"David." Said David.

David grabs two big hands full of Ryoko's blue hair and gives her 
a forceful frenchkiss.  Ryoko notices that something was pushed down 
her throat by David.

"What the fuck was that thing?" asked Ryoko.

"Wait a minute and you'll find out." said David.
Suddenly Ryoko was trembling in ecstasy.  She violently started 
to shake and then out of no where her body splitted into two different 
people.  

(This is too good to be true.) Thought David.

Both of the Ryoko's stood up and put their arms around him.

"How am I supposed to tell each other apart?" Asked David.

One of the Ryoko's put her finger into her hair and it went 
black.

"Call me Ryoko-Chan." Said the black hair Ryoko.

"Well what about me and you two go up stairs and have some fun."  
Implied David.

"YAHHHH!" Yelled Ryoko.

"ME TOO!" Screamed Ryoko-Chan.

Both Ryoko's lead David upstairs to their room and the door 
closes behind them.  Both of the Ryoko's removed their clothes and all 
David does is sit down and ahs at the two humanoid beauties.  Ryoko-
Chan dropped down on her knees and unzips his pants.  

"Before I give you some head how about some tit fucking?" Asked 
Ryoko-Chan.

"Okay, I've never tried that before." Said David.

"There's always a first time for everything." Said Ryoko from 
behind Dave.

Ryoko-Chan laded down on the floor and rubbed some baby oil all 
over her huge oversized chest.  Using her hands Ryoko-Chan squeezed her 
breast together and then David shoved his dick in between them.  While 
Dave and Ryoko-Chan were having there fun, Ryoko was licking up Ryoko-
Chan pussy fast and with no mercy.

"Hey stop tonguen me and just use the four finger approach." Said 
Ryoko-Chan.

"Gotta." Replied Ryoko.

Ryoko pulled her tongue away shoves her four right fingers inside 
her pussy.

"Get ready I'm gonna..." murmured David.

Ryoko-Chan opened her mouth as much as she could as Dave blew cum 
all over Ryoko-Chan's breast, mouth, and face.

"Hey I want some of that stuff too, David." Wined David.

David pulls out his dick from in between Ryoko-Chan's breast and 
aimed his dick at Ryoko.  Ryoko pointed right toward her mouth and Dave 
slams is cock into her mouth.  Ryoko puffed his dick like a Cuban cigar 
while Ryoko-Chan was getting her pussy eaten inside and out by Dave.  
Ryoko still keep going with an impressive blowjob during all of this.  

"Come on Dave, just a little bit more." Moaned Ryoko-Chan.

Ryoko-Chan orgasm melts all over Dave's face and at about the 
same time Dave came inside Ryoko's mouth. Dave stood up and both the 
ladies stood up with him.

"Ryoko, could you please lay on the ground for me." Asked David.

"No problem." Said Ryoko.

Ryoko lies on the ground and Dave lifted her legs into mercenary 
position.

"Hey, what can I do?" exclaimed Ryoko-Chan.

"I got an idea, Ryoko-Chan dig into the bottom of my top dresser 
drawer." Said Ryoko.

Ryoko-Chan walks over to the dresser and digs up a strap on 
dildo.

"Now strap that thing on and shove it into my ass." Demanded 
Ryoko.

Ryoko-Chan straps on the dildo and David lifts up Ryoko and 
Ryoko-Chan slides on under her and glides the dildo inside her tight 
ass hole.  Dave and Ryoko-Chan started into a painful and pleasurable 
rhythm for Ryoko.  Dave would pull Ryoko forward and then roll her back 
on to the dildo.  They keep up this motion while Dave would keep going 
faster and harder as time keep on.

"David, get ready..." moaned Ryoko.

"Meeeeeeeee tooooo...." Yelled Ryoko-Chan.

"Here I.... CCCCCCCCCCUUUUUUUUUUMMMMM!" Screamed David.

Ryoko dug her fingernails into Dave's back as each one of them 
blows their loads of cunt honey and cum. 

"Hey I want to get fucked too, you know." Wined Ryoko-Chan.

The opening of the door cut off David.

"Who the fuck are you?" demanded Ryoko.

"Jesse?" questioned David.

"Washu was right on which place to go to." Said Jesse.

"HUH?" gasped both of the Ryoko's.

"Never mind, now who wanted to get fucked?" asked Jesse.

Ryoko-Chan raised her hand with a funny looking smile on her 
face.  Jesse walked over to as she was removing the strap on 
dildo.  Ryoko-Chan lies on the floor and Jesse shoves his dick 
right into her already soaking pussy.  David is put on her hands 
and knees and Dave starts to do her doggie style.  Jesse picks up 
Ryoko -Chan's legs and throws them over his shoulders. 

"Lets do the move that they're doing David." Said Ryoko.

David pulls his dick out, flips her over and puts her legs over 
his shoulders like the others.  They somehow start to fuck on the same 
rhythm. 

"Jeeeeeessssssssseeeeeee!" Moaned Ryoko-Chan.

"Daaaavvvviiiidddd!" Yelled Ryoko.

They all blew their loads at the same time.  Ryoko and Ryoko-Chan 
both fall asleep from exhaustion.
 			  	*	*	* 

"So where you able to get your stuff done with the kid, right 
Washu?" asked David.

"Yes and thanks for taking care of my "daughters" for me." 
Responded Washu.

"I'll send you back to your places, okay."  Said Washu.

"Okay." Responded both Jesse and Dave.

A bright light appeared and Dave and Jesse were sent back to 
where they were when they were abducted.

One hour later they were speaking on the phone.

"I don't know what really happened but I'm going to make a great 
story out of this." Said Jesse.

Jesse walked over to his computer and started to type something.

			              THE END  

If you want to you may e-mail me a Spank62486@aol.com with your 
response or comments on my story I would like that.  

   
  
 
      
 
