The Legal Info.... Cource I don own these characters the characters
belong to the creaters of Tenchi Muyo ,Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In
Tokyo. so don sue Im broke.

 It had been a good month since the gentle yet tempersom girl Haunti
became the greatest assassin in the universe once again. the first few
weeks of her staying was more than normal even for the Masaki house.
Haunti spent most of her time in Washu's lab trying to recover. she had
most of her ribs shattered, her back broken in three places, her scull
cracked, her legs broken, and her left hand shattered. plus her internal
and external bleeding had become dangerous. a week after the fight she
good as new.
 Haunti slept in the same bed as Tenchi yet back to him and clothes on.
even though during the day she seemed more suductive at night she went
into the room and just slept. although her hair seemed very short when
she let it down it was about as long as Kiyone's hair. One time during
the night Tenchi tried to twirl her hair. Haunti took this as a sexual
interlude spun around and slapped Tenchi with more force then he has
ever known. After that Tenchi and Haunti both seperated rooms. Tenchi
slept in his room while Haunti slept in a room in the lab. In the middle
left hand side of the lab she made a room. It was much like Kiyone's
room on Yugami same type of bed but instead of pink (or red I cant
remember) curtons around her bed she had nothing. and it was in exactly
the same order.
 The reason Haunti picked Washu's lab (Or Washu's and Xodis's lab) is
she was the house mechanic and everytime an invention blows up she was
there to fix it. She gave Washu and Xodis credit for being the greatest
geniouses in the universe but she claimed 'they suck at wiring.'
 One time Tenchi would stumble down stair and accedentally into Washu's
lab. He looked into Haunti's room and she wat lying on her side on her
bed. She was in her a bra and panties. He Hair was down as usual. Tenchi
smirked and walked back upstairs sure she was alright.
 Haunti sat up when she heard her door slam and looked at it. "Damn..."
she said "gotta lock that door."
 Occationally Haunti would walk out in her bra and panties not even
noticing. she would sit at her usual spot between Ryoko and Tenchi
making Tenchi's nose bleed. She would eat blankly. no expression in her
face just looking like she's wondering somthing.
 Most the time she was in Washu's lab fixing things and people even
Famari would ask her for advice. She seemed nice then expected of the
Greatest Assassin in the Universe.
 Another thing was she trained all day long. The energy of her moving
alone destroyed mountains easily. her power was greater then any other
known. Washu and Xodis watched her in awstanishment. Her power broke
their computers even though they were Holograms. Her weakest kicks took
down large trees. Every Time Haunti trained she seemed angry.  She split
in twom like Ryoko did sometimes but instead of rolepaying she trained
with it.
 Tenchi came down the steps when she was training, she appeared with her
shadow fighting and the enegy excerted from her knocked Tenchi not only
back onto but through the stairs making a huge crater.
 Haunti did many things within the month she was there, but I could not
describe them all. Even If I tried my hardest.
 The night before a full month past Vari, Xodis, Plasca, and Barcid
received letters. these letters discruntled them. Washu, Ayeka, and
Kiyone noticed this. Mihoshi for some reason didnt.
 Ayeka to sooth Vari came up and kissed on the lips. Vari smirked, put
his hand on her cheek, looked into her eyes, and kissed her deeply.
 Kiyone wrapped her arms around Barcids neck and they smiled at
eachother.
 Washu took a different aproach. she Kissed Xodis deeply and wrapped her
legs around his. she started taking off is clothes groping him at the
same time. She tore off his clothes leaving him completly naked. Xodis
spun Washu around so she was on the bottom and began to passionatly take
off her clothes. He pulled her underwear tearing it off her.
 Washu then spun Xodis her being on top and started circling him. she
came up to Xodises head and knelt down. she slowly got into the 69
position and started slowly licking and spiriling his now hard cock.
 Xodis licked Washu's cunt making her slightly moan as she engulfed his
hard cock into her mouth. Xodis licked Washu's cunt as Washu sucked and
spiriled her toungue on his cock. It didnt take long for Xodis to
expload a load of Semon into Washu's mouth and Washu's juices to flow a
river.
 Washu got back up on her knee's and laid on her back. Xodis turned to
Washu and crawled to her body. Xodis slowly spread Washu's legs wide
enough so her could fit his body through. He slowly began to insert his
very hard cock into Washu. Washu moaned at this sensation once again for
it had been a month since she experienced it. Although the first time
she was with Xodis it had been about 3000 years before she had
experienced it she yearned for it every day since that night of the
dance.
 Xodis began to thrust into Washu harder then ever. Washu began to cry
out with pleasure. She lost her thought and began to move with Xodis's
Movements. Her cries began to get louder. people would have heard her
but her Lab was sound proof. Both Washu and Xodis were nearing their
climaxes. Xodis began to thrust harder as Washu moaned louder. One last
thrust and Xodis'e cock stifled and shot a load of semon into Washu.
 The Both Climaxed and fell into eachother and fell asleep.
 At this time Haunti walked out of her room. she didnt notice Washu and
Xodis on the lab floor for she had different things on her mind. She
walked out of the lab looking around. She desided to take a walk to
clear her head.
 She walked on to the far distances of the night. looking on as she
went. Haunti stopped when she came to a bridge. she began to look off
the bridge. The perils twisting and turning in her head. she leaned on
the railing of the bridge looking out onto the river like creek beneath
her. It wasnt long until Tenchi joined her and looked into the creek
too.
 "Hello Tenchi" Haunti turned to Tenchi.
 "Hello Haunti" Tenchi turned to Haunti.
 "Tenchi I've been thinking." Haunti looked into Tenchi's eyes.
 "About what?" Tenchi said kindly all the Hentai feeling's he learned
with the experiences with Haunti had nearly disappeared with the month
he had.
 "About a month ago when you faced Gaketo... such bravory in a boy. such
love and purity. Ive never seen it in my life. Even though you knew you
didnt have a chance in hell to beat him you still fought. For a month I
knew that diserved an award, and I finally found one suiting that act."
Haunti said staring into the distance.
 "What kind of an award?"
 Haunti's hair which was down in its long position began fly up. the
long hair flew up over her head. "Tenchi... I will let you see her one
last time." Haunti began to glow. at the time she was a half of a head
taller then Tenchi but she shrunk to a head shorter than Tenchi. Her
hair went shorter. her eyes changed from emerald green, to brow. her
side bangs lifted and combed behind her ear making them look like her
hair. Her stomach began to look bigger. not much bigger yet bigger than
usual.
 "Haunti..." Tenchi looked for the assassin had then completly turned
into the woman he had known before.
 "Yes Tenchi" Haunti looked into Tenchi's eyes. "It is me"
 Tenchi nearly went into tears. "Haunti" he hugged Haunti
 "Tenchi..." Haunti smiled. she put her hand on his cheek. "so cute. so
naive"
 "What do you mean Haunti?" Tenchi asked.
 "This is our last time together Tenchi maybe even forever" Haunti's
smile faded.
 "What do you mean?" Tenchi asked.
 "I'm leaving tonite Tenchi." Haunti answered.
 "Why?" Tenchi asked.
 "because I'm an assassin well... my now dominate half Tenchi. I have to
be in the stars. Its where I lived most of my life and thats where Im
going to live the rest of it." Haunti said regretfully.
 "Free as a bird huh?" Tenchi exepted kind of easily.
 "I guess" Haunti looked into Tenchi's eyes. "I guess this is goodbye
Tenchi. it was great to see you again." Haunti got up on her tip toes
and gently french kissed him. When she broke the kiss she Tenchi began
to speak. Haunti put her index finger on Tenchi's mouth. "Dont speak"
she wispered "just remember this moment."
 Monic in ship form flew up from the mountains and flew above them.
Haunti started to fly up "Tenchi I love and I always will. goodbye" She
started to turn into her real form and disappeared into the Monic. Monic
blasted into the distance Haunti's voice in the wind 'I love you and I
always will.'
 The next day at breakfast everybody noticed Haunti wasnt there. "wheres
Haunti" Uvin asked looking around for the Assassin.
 "She took Monic and left for space last night" Tenchi answered.
 "Oh" Uvin said and ate the breakfast he made.
 After breakfast Barcid and Plasca took Their Lovers hands. "Kiyone"
Barcid said. "I received a note I am to go to HQ and so is Plasca and
stay there."
 "Why?" Kiyone asked.
 "I don't know I just know Im we are getting a promotion."
 "Congradulations" Kiyone said and then ran up stairs sobbing for she
was going to lose her love. Mihoshi did the same.
 In the lab Xodis was doing chin ups with his shirt off. "somthing on
your mind?" Washu asked watching the sweat glisten off Xodis's muscles.
 "Everything" Xodis puffed.
 "Besides that." Washu laughed.
 Xodis dropped off the chin-up bar grabbed his muscle shirt and whiped
the sweat off his face. He then put the sirt on. "Im going to The Jurian
and Injurieoun counsel today." Injurieou was the planet Vari came from.
 "Why" Washu asked.
 "Im going to be proclaimed the top Scientific Genious In the Universe.
I dont know why. If I could change it I would have us both..." Xodis
said.
 "Don't fret about just dont forget me when your at the top." Washu
smiled and kissed Xodis.
 meanwhile in Ayeka's room Vari explained that he and Uvin was going
back to Injurieou for there planet was in dangour, but they were not
told how. Sasami and Ayeka took this news half sad and half happy.
 Famari and Ryoko took a walk. in the middle of it Famari turned to
Ryoko. "Ryoko..." Famari said.
 "your going because The Galaxy Police will find your location" Ryoko
finished.
 "How did you know?" Famari asked.
 Ryoko put her hand on her Uterus. "Lets just say sombody told me."
 Famari smiled and hugged Ryoko.
 That night everyone was saying their goodbyes. The Men shook Tenchi's
hand hugged the other girls and passionatly kissed The women they were
with.
 Uvin and Sasami looked at Famari kissing Ryoko, Vari kissing Ayeka,
ect. Uvin turned to Sasami, came close to her and pressed his lips
against hers.
 As they disconnected from the kiss Sasami was blushing.
 Famari who had a bag over his shoulder watched Uvin. when Uvin was
walking away Famari tapped his shoulder. Uvin turned around. "looks like
you've been spending too much time with me" Famari said and laughed. he
gave Uvin a indescreted punch in the lower jaw so it wouldnt hurt him.
"see ya Tiger" Famari had been calling Uvin 'Tiger' through the  whole
month.
 All the men hugged, with the exeption of Tenchi and Famari, in a group
hug. Famari stopped cold for he was walking away.
 "what the hell." Famari dropped the bag and hugged the rest. "see you
all" They all disconnected and walked there seperate ways. Famari began
to get on his own ship but a hand on his shoulder stopped him for a
minute. He turned around and it was Vari.
 "Hey... you may be still on the run but I'll give you a headstart ok
Famari." Vari said.
 "Ok" Famari said.
 "Me too" Barcid said.
 They all loaded their ships as their Lovers and Tenchi looked on. as
the ships blasted off the time wasnt on Tenchi's mind. what was on it
was *"I Love you too Haunti, and I always will..."*
 Meanwhile deep in space two men one of 6 feet tall and the other 6 foot
5 were looking at the window. the shortyer one was covered with a cloak
and cowel. They looked out a large window. the room was dark and light
shown from the door way. amazingly Gaketo limped from the door way to
the man in the cloak.
 "Sir!" Gaketo managed.
 "Is the boy dead?" the cloaked man asked.
 "No Gamekeeper Please forgive me." Gaketo pleaded.
 "Its Fallen Gamekeeper to you!" Gamekeeper scowled.
 "Sir I lost!" Gaketo said.
 "What! you Lost against a boy!" The Fallen Gamekeeper turned around and
in that motion a blue star exploaded behind him. "I Gave you Great power
The Greatest I could give you and you lost to 12 Snot nosed kids!" at
that planets desimated behind him.
 "Sir! please you dont understand Haunti was with them!" Gaketo
reasoned.
 The Fallen Gamekeeper turned around looking out through the window to
the cosmos "you lost to Haunti huh? well... thats still no excuse." then
at a smal flick of his energy half of Gaketo's body was destroyed and
thrown out of the dark room the door closing leaving The Fallen
Gamekeeper and the Taller man alone in the dark room.
 "That was cruel Sir" The taller man said.
 "So is life by my account I showed him mercy." The Fallen Gamekeeper
smirked and looked into the distance.

                                      THE END?

 Well thats last of em. I hope you liked reading the Haunti series as
much as I did writing it. surprizing ending huh? I still hope you liked
it. if you have any remarks, MSTs, praises ect please send them to me at
gamekeeper@shawhan.net I would like to read what you liked or hated
about my stories. Thank you for taking the time to read my fics. and  a
special thannks to the people who wrote me and told me their Ideas about
my series. Here is a short list of them: Thank you Mel Charmer Of
Dragons, Gundam Fan Zero, Ronin, Paymon Rayetparvar, RDJ, Jay Prosser,
Fanoanime, and all the rest of you for your support. also thank you
Gensao for the space and time on your site.
 Oh yeah about that Lemon scene in the middle. I was just thinkin none
of my Washu and Xodis Lemon scenes have ever been good so I just wrote
that one for all you Washu fans. well... see yall but dont forget me
look for my next series.
 Until then Au Rivour y Bonnoir.
