The Legal Info.... Cource I don own these characters the characters belong
to the creaters of Tenchi Muyo ,Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In Tokyo. so don
sue Im broke.





 Tenchi As Usual is swept the outside of the shrine. Tenchi suddenly stopped
and gazed into the distance. Suddenly I girl Jumped over the fence and
accedentally knocked her and tenchi off their feet. She jumped to her feet
and extended her arm to tenchi. She had a very soft voice and beautiful.
"Im Sorry I should watch where Im going I was just..." she looked at Tenchi
in astonishment and Tenchi did the same. They were nearly Idenicle.
 Tenchi just a littly Taller then this woman but they looked the same exept
for a few attributes that every woman has. This woman had a rat tail like
Tenchi's and just as long, andjust like pretty much every woman there her
side bangs hung down like Ayeka's. her hair was black like Tenchi's. she
wore a White shirt and jean shorts.
 "You look like..." they both said at the same time. "But Thats..." they
said at the same time again.
 After a little while of plain staring at eachother the woman broke the
silence.
 "My names Haunti you name is?"
 "Tenchi" Tenchi thinks for a minute 'shes kinda cute'.
 Haunti looked startled seeing over the fence she jumped up from was 4 boys.
the boys looked like alot like Ryoko, Ayeka, Washu, and Kiyone just man
attributes.
 Haunti Grabed Tenchi's arm and started to run with him "c'mon" she said
grinning.
 They Ran together and grampa notincing this appears out of his shrine.
noticng that Tenchi was in distress he took his stick and ran at the other
boys. Suddenly just 2 feet from the boys grampa was Parried.
 He looked and a man like grampa stood before him also a stick in hand. The
man was old like grampa. they just looked at eachother yet said nothing.
 The running up the shrine was the 6 girls. From the same fence came 2 more
boys. a small one with green hair, a dark one with blond hair but he tripped
and landed face first on the ground. he cried on the ground but got up
seeing the girls.
 The Girls and the boys just looked at eachother. and then Mihoshi and the
boy who resembled her broke the silence and said at the same time "hey...
you look fimiliar. Kiyone and the boy resembling her turned to there
partners and a swear drop grew.
 "Idiot" they both said at the same time talking to there partners.
 Haunti desided to introduse herself and the rest to the other people "I am
Haunti" she said and then pointed to the guy that looked like Ryoko "this is
Famari"
 Famari nodded and grumbled "hey"
 Haunti pointed to the man that looked like Ayeka "this is Vari"
 Vari nodded "Nice to meet you"
 Haunti pointed to the man who looked like Washu "this is Xodis"
 Xodis nodded "hi"
 Then to save time Haunti pointed to the boys that looked like Kiyone,
Sasami, and Mihoshi "this is Barcid, Uvin, and Plasca"
 They all nodded
 "and this lil cat with wings is Monic" Haunti said.
 Tenchi introduced his group. "this is Ryoko, Ayeka, Washu, Kiyone, Sasami,
Mihoshi, and this lil cabbit is Ryo-Ohki."
 They all greeted eachother and they had talked with their doubles Washu had
an interisting talk with Xodis Washu was glad to finally talk with somebody
to her intellagence level.
 "So is Ryoko your Daughter somthing?" Xodis said
 "how'd you guess?" Washu said
 "same hair, Physical attributes, mental stability, and your genes are
neerly Idenical." Xodis said
 "and judging by your theory ,Xodis, Famari is the like Ryoko to me you used
mass and used one of your reproduction cells and placed it into mass and mad
Famari like I Did for Ryoko." Washu said
 "yup, and Ryoko dont call you mom?" Xodis said
 "nope what bout Famari for you?" Washu said
 "same here but I gotta Idea" Xodis wispered to Washu and the said aloud
"So... Ryoko used to wet the fuiton huh? Famari too."
 both Ryoko and Famari went a deep red and said unaminously "MOM!"  (Ryoko)
"DAD!" (Famari).
 "ahh the sound of music" both Xodis and Washu chorused and the chuckled.
 Vari talked to Ayeka "hello" Vari took Ayekas hand and kissed her hand
 Aye blushed deeply "hello Mr. Vari"
 Ryoko and Famari both chorused "Vari and Ayeka sittin in a tree F-U-C--"
they were interubted by Vari's and Ayeka's hand wacking them
 "Shut up" they both said to Ryoko and Famari
 "Why should we!?" they both said
 "because we dont wanna here your moronic voices anymore" Vari and Ayeka
said.
 Famari and Ryoko growled and floated up with they're energy balls forming
in their hands
 Logs and Crystles appeared around Ayeka and Vari.
 Mihoshi and Plasca held eachother and shaked "help" they said meekly
sinking to the ground shaking in fear of the fight.
 both Barcid and Kiyone pulled out their guns and pointed them at the Space
Pirates (Ryoko and Famari) "stop there!" they said no fear in their voice.
 Uvin and Sasami steped up "stop Ayeka/Vari!" they said pleading.
 "Meow!" Ryo-Ohki and Monic backed them up
 Haunti and Tenchi sighed "stop the fighting" they said a lil angry.
 Ryoko and Famari stopped and phased to Tenchi and Hauti. "Im sorry that
basterd just gets me mad Hauti" Famari said hugging Hauti from behind.
 and Ryoko added "and that witch Ayeka doesnt help eather Tenchi" she said
doin the same to tenchi.
 "Get your hands off him/her!" Ayeka and Vari said
 "why? were so much in love" Famari and Ryoko said
 both Hauti's and Tenchi's eyes grew big "Wha-What!?" they both yelled
 "Now kiss me lover" both Ryoko and Famari said Famari inching towards Hauti
and ryoko inching towards Tenchi.
 Hauti and Tenchi Escaped Ryokos and Famari's grasp and looked to the spot
grampa and that other man were staring at eachother and it was vacant.
 They looked around and saw Grampa talking with the other man.
 "So Zenek your proud of your granddaughter Hauti" grampa said to the other
guy.
 "Yes, and you of your Grandson Katsuhito?" Zenek said
 "yes hes a very good grandson" said Katsuhito
 "hey maybe we'll get a great-grandson or daughter outta them" said Zenek in
a chuckled wisper.
 Katsuhito also chuckled.
 Tenchi and Haunti couldnt hear what they wispered.
 Katsuhito got up and said "its gettin dark you all should go and spend the
night at the house."
 they all agreed and started to walk down to the house but Zenek and
Katsuhito stayed behind.
 Haunti said "grandfather Katsuhito where are youi going to sleep?"
 "I'll sleep out side like I always do and Katsuhito will sleep in his
shrine"
 "Ok" Hauti said "night Grampa good night Mr. Katsuhito"
 Hauti noticed everybody was already walking down the steps "wait up!" and
she caut up with them and they started there way to the house.


                                                THE END


 Keep Watching for the next episode Hauti Chapter II: Insanic Urges hope ya
liked it look for the continuations.
