The Legal Info.... Cource I don own these characters the characters
belong to the creaters of Tenchi Muyo ,Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In
Tokyo. so don sue Im broke.

 This day Tenchi woke up first. Tenchi slowly got out of bed so not to
disturb Haunti. He walked to the shower and turned it on. he closed the
transelucent door to the big shower. Then he heard a open and close of
the shower door. "whos there?" Tenchi said looking around. but it was
too misty to see anything. then he heard what sounded like Haunti's
voice.
 "Tenchi... c'mere" the voice said and Tenchi did as told. he saw
beautiful tits and clit
 *"theres Haunti"* Tenchi thought "oh Haunti" Tenchi said mesmerized.
then he heard the door open and close again.
 Then Tenchi heard Haunti's angry voice "you hussy!" and then a slam.
 Tenchi turned off the shower and the mist cleared and Haunti was
stairing at the right wall and Ayeka was knocked out there.
 "She was Trying to mollest you Tenchi" Haunti said "Lucky I got here in
time or..." she broke out in tears thinking of Tenchi making love to
another woman.
 "Its okay she didn't theres no reason to cry" he hugged her tight. then
they walked out and put on robes. They walked to their room. Haunti put
on one of Tenchi's shirts and put on her shorts. Tenchi put on a black
shirt and jeans.
 Tenchi and Haunti walked downstairs and saw everybody at the table
looking at Haunti.
 Sasami walked up to Haunti "you hurt my sister!" and then kicked Haunti
in the leg.
 Haunti jumped up and down "ow ow ow ow!"
 "why? Haunti your so nice." Sasami asked
 "huh?" Haunti said confused.
 "Ayeka came down a few minutes ago crying that you slammed her against
a wall and called her a hussy." Sasami explained
 "one watch your language, and two she was trying to mollest Tenchi."
Haunti Explained.
 "eh?"everyone said.
 "I woke up alone looking for Tenchi I found out he was in the shower so
I desided to join him. When I got in the shower I saw Ayeka butt naked
calling to Tenchi in my voice!!!. so I yelled you hussy and threw her
against the right wall. I admitt its not the best decision I could of
made but..." she shrugged.
 Everybody turned to Ayeka "this true?" they all asked
 "Yes" she said regretfully as Ryoko burst up in laughter. "I can
explain..." she began.
 "Sure you can 'hussy'" Ryoko said bursting into laughter.
 Ayeka stormed out angerly. as Haunti and Ryoko went arm in arm with
laughter at Ryoko's remark. the others started looking at them with the
you insincedive... but then broke out with laughter.
 Haunti Said "I hosed down the walkway because Ayeka has been
complaining about being a little unballenced and falling down alot..."
then they heard a thump from outside "upp there she goes again" and then
everybody broke out in laughter.
 "oh we're bad" Ryoko said laughing. "Im beginning to like Haunti alot
more.... not in that way!"
 After breakfast Haunti and the other girls went to the Onsen to soak in
the bath. they all talked during the bath.
 "So hows your relationship with Tenchi?" asked Ryoko
 "Great! why do you ask?" Haunti said smiling.
 "no reason just wondering How did you get him?" Ryoko answered
 "well working helps he loves it when I work at the shrine with him.
staying sober helps. and amung all dont try so hard. just be yourself."
Haunti suggested.
 "oh ok" said ryoko and she went to the otherside of the onsen.
 Haunti heard wimpering from behind her where a hotwater spring was
apart from the olypic pool sized bath. she turned around and it was
Ayeka behind her. she saw that Ayeka was grabing her hair her eyes full
of tears.
 "Whats wrong Ayeka?" asked Haunti
 "you didn't listen to me" Ayeka said sniffling
 "Tell me now Ayeka" Haunti said with a friendly smile on her face.
 "Well when I heard you were with Tenchi I grew jealuse of you I wanted
Tenchi so bad so thinking unrationally I decided if I moullested Tenchi
then he would confess you would break up with him and Id get him." she
said a tear going down her cheek.
 Haunti's smile did not fade "you were not thinking rationally you were
thinking out of jealousy. I forgive you." she said and then added "Im
sorry for slamming you against the wall, insulting you, and watering up
the walkway so you would slip."
 Ayeka whiped the tears off her face and said "appoligy exepted."
 Then Haunti walked out of the bath (butt naked) and started to walk
out.
 "miss Haunti" Ayeka said and Haunti turned around "take my towel or
you'll catch you death of cold." Ayeka said.
 "Thank you Princess Ayeka" Haunti accepted the towel and picked up
Tenchi's shirt and her shorts and panties and walked out of the Onsen.
 Haunti walked to the house, walked up the stairs and dropped the towel.
she put on one of Tenchi's shirts without even putting on a bra. she put
on her shorts which were covered by Tenchi's shirt. she put on socks and
sandles.
 Haunti walked back to the Onsen and handed Ayeka back her towel. "here
you don wanna walk outta here naked" Haunti said.
 "Thank you miss Haunti" Ayeka said.
 "your welcome Ayeka a thousand times and over." Hauti said and then
walked out.
 Ayeka walked out after her. time passed, and everybody left, but Ryoko.
Then something towered over Ryoko she looked up and Famari. she noticed
he had an erection. "well somebodies happy to see me." she said and
giggled.
 Famari looked down and blushed. "Im sorry."
 "Don't be its natural" Ryoko said unusually nice. "sit next by me." she
patted the seat by her as she stuck her feet in the water.
 Famari sat by Ryoko and Ryoko laid her head on his shoulder. "Huh?
Ryoko what are you doing?"
 "Im so Tired Famari." she said.
 "oh" Famari said looking at her.
 Ryoko lifted her Head and stared into Famari's eyes. they both stood up
and stared into eachothers eyes. Famari then took her right arm spun her
around and kissed her. Ryoko was astonished by the kiss but then smiled
at Famari. Ryoko was already naked for she had been soaking in the bath.
she noticed that Famari still had his boxers on. Ryoko knelt down and
pulled Famari's boxers to the ground and stood up face to face to him.
 Ryoko tripped Famari and he ended up on the floor. she knelt down to
him and then kissed his chest. she kissed lower and lower untill she hit
it. a large hard cock. she started sucking on it emediatly making Famari
moan with pleasure. she stopped when he was at the verge of cumming.
Famari groaned saddly when his pleasure left him.
 But then Ryoko climbed on top of him and let his cock insert her clit
as she moaned with pleasure herself. she moved up and down his cock and
pleaded him "deeper deeper! harder harder!" and she screamed with
pleasure. Famari started pumping harder and faster and Ryoko rubbed up
and down harder and faster. Famari then reached up and massaged her
tits. "HARDER HARDER! DEEPER DEEPER OH!" Ryoko screamed as she had an
orgazm. Famari cummed inside of her with his last bit of energy managed
to arch one more time.
 Ryoko Parted with Famari but laid beside him for she was tired as hell.
they then fell asleep hugging eachother.
 Tenchi and Haunti just departed for bed they brushed their teeth and
their hair and went off to bed. when they got into Tenchi's room Haunti
dropped her  shorts so she was wearing one of Tenchi's shirts and
panties thats about it. they got in bed and hugged eachother in bed.
they locked in a kiss and they were so tired that they fell asleep
locked in the kiss.

                                    THE END

Thats part 7 of the Haunti Lemons but it aint over yet thres still
plenty left to tell keep watching for Haunti VIII: The Hearts Of Yugami
