The Legal Info.... Cource I don own these characters the characters
belong to the creaters of Tenchi Muyo ,Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In
Tokyo. so don sue Im broke.

 A tear hit the floor of Ryo-Ohki. Tenchi clenched his fist looking at
the remains of Monic. "Who ever you are I will kill you! You killed the
woman I love! you will pay mark my words!" Tenchi yelled aproching the
ship.
 "Tenchi I think before you fight him you should know who your going up
against." Xodis said typing on his Holo-Comp.
 "Whats to know I just fight him with my Light Hawk wings!" Tenchi
clenched his fist tighter.
 "I admire your courage Tenchi but come over here." Xodis said and
Tenchi came over and looked at the Holo-Comp. "look at this do you know
what this is?" Tenchi shook his head "this is the power signature of
what we are going up against do you know what a power signature is?"
Tenchi again shook his head. "Its an Idenifying Sign for your power.
everybody has one and no two are alike. when looked at in greatest
perspective. Who we are going up against is a man named Gaketo. Washu
give me power signature of Kagato." Washu typed on her Holo-Comp and
Kagato's Power Signature popped up. They were Idenical even annalized to
the greatist measures. but the power was smaller in Kagato's level "Do
you know what this means Tenchi?"
 "No" Tenchi said.
 "It means that Kagato is a shadow of Gaketo" Xodis said.
 "A shadow?" Tenchi became confused.
 "an Image of a person but with much lower power."
 "Oh... I dont care though I will kill him no matter who he is."
 "Como Chingas" Xodis said as they aproached the ship. "Huh thats
interesting..." Xodis said typing on his Holo-comp.
 "What?" Washu looked at Xodis.
 "Look at this" Xodis pointed to the screen to a new power on it. "It
lists Jurian, Earth, Space, and Unknown energy all in one source I have
to meet this person."
 "whats the Power signature?" Washu asked.
 "cant find it her or she is good at hiding it." Xodis said surprised.
 They aproached the ship. Everybody got suited up for the fight. They
finally got close enough to the ship to get in. they found it very easy
to get into the ship, too easy.
 Walking through the ship they found nothing. They ended up in a room
that looked like the room Tenchi fought Kagato in. Everybody looked
around but no one was there.
 "God he fled before I could get my hands on him!" Tenchi yelled.
 "Im right here boy." a deep voice was heard in the shadows. a tall man
with light purple hair walked out of the shadows.
 "Gaketo..." Tenchi looked at the man "wheres Famari and Ryoko!?"
 "Right there" Gaketo pointed to a shadowy spot and a light lit up.
Ryoko and Famari laid naked in a jar like container.
 "Have you hurt them?" Tenchi narrowed his eyes at Gaketo.
 "No not like Im gonna hurt you boy." Gaketo chuckled. Gaketo lifted his
arm and in one blast knocked everybody back but Tenchi. Tenchi's Light
Hawk Wings appeared. He then grabbed one of the wings and it turned into
the sword. Gaketo Laughed as Tenchi swung at him. Gaketo blocked the
sword with his arm. The sword didnt even penetrate the skin. Gaketo then
hit Tenchi with a massive blow to the stomach and Tenchi collapsed.
Gaketo extended his hand as if ready to blast everybody. "Ha, this is
over now weak fools."
 Then to Gaketo's surprise the glass in the container that held Famari
and Ryoko shattered. He looked and Famari and Ryoko were still laying in
a heap conscience now but immoble.
 "How...?" Gaketo looked in amazment.
 A soft yet Tough womans voice came from the shadows. " 'This is Over'?
Ha! not on my clock." a woman then stepped out from the shadows. Her
hair was like Washu's but short and black. she was wearing a battle suit
like ryoko's she was a picture perfect Image of the woman who Haunti saw
in her vision.
 Gaketo's voice cracked "Haunti!"
 "Thats right Gaketo its beens years, 3000 if Im correct" Haunti looked
at Gaketo.
 "Your a little off 3002" Gaketo Nevously laughed.
 Haunti shook her held and shook her head. at this chance Gaketo rushed
and jumped at Haunti. Haunti skillfully Dodge Gaketo and he hit the
floor. everybody at this had got up and was amazed by Haunti.
 Gaketo finally got up and turned around. at that time Haunti rushed at
him and jumped in the air. Gaketo held out one arm and Haunti stopped in
mid air.
 "Huh? how?" Haunti said and the was blasted back into the shadows.
 "thats sad at the speed she flew shes dead"
 "Huh?" Tenchi looked where Haunti was shot to.
 Gaketo laughed "is that all you got?... what! No!" and to Gaketo's
utter amazment Haunti stepped out of the darkness blood dripping down
her cheek. she then made an energy ball and squeezed making an energy
swor like Ryoko's. The she forced the same energy into the other side
making the sword grow longer and making an energy stick. Haunti spun the
stick in her hand Heald it in battle position and the stick became
solid, and was gold colored.
 Gaketo made a black energy sword in his hand and charge at Haunti.
Haunti ducked and Jammed her stick into Gaketo penatraiting his rib
cage. Haunti made a little smirk. "The Pain ends now Gaketo" and she
pulled out the stick. Haunti started to walk away but Gaketo rushed and
jumped into mid air at Haunti. Haunti turned around and with one
powerful blow of power she blasted Gaketo's Head clear off leaving him
in a heap of his own body. "Take the others and go Tenchi." She said
firmly.
 "Why?" Tenchi asked.
 Haunti pulled out a huge gun that looked like a small version of the
Beam cannon on the 00 on Gundum wing. "Because Im gonna make sure that
this place does not hurt anybody again.
 Tenchi quickly agreed took the others and ran like hell to get the hell
out of dodge. Haunti held the trigger till it powered up and then right
when the ships Ryo-Ohki and Yugami got out of range she let go of the
trigger.
 Not a second later a huge blast engulfed the ship that Gaketo was in.
 Everybody looked at the blast wondering *"is this the true end of the
greatest assasin in the universe?"*
 Then a window popped up with Haunti holding her ribcage blood coming
out of the side of her mouth "Dont count me out yet yall. Im still here
now lets go home"

                               THE END

 Now dont go out on my yet theres still one more left please keep
reading for Haunti XIII: One Last Chance
