The Legal Info.... Cource I don own these characters the characters
belong to the creaters of Tenchi Muyo ,Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In
Tokyo. so don sue Im broke.

 It was Dawn Tenchi woke up put his cloths on and walked out of his
room. he looked around and still Haunti was no where to be found. he sat
in the room with those huge carrot pillows and looked out the window.
hours passed and Haunti wasn't coming.
 Before he knew it he heared Sasami's and Uvin's voice from the kitchen
"Tenchi Breakfast!"
 Tenchi slowly made his way downstairs and sat down at the table.
 "Wheres Haunti?" everybody asked noticing that Haunti wasn't there.
 "I don't know" Tenchi said blankly and ate his Breakfast. Tenchi
noticed without Haunti around his breakfast didn't taste as good as
usual.
 When Tenchi finished he got up and walked outside.
 after that everybody noticed that Haunti wasn't the only one missing
Washu and Xodis were too. "Wheres Washu and Xodis?" Sasami asked
 "Probably working on one of their experiments I'll check" Famari said
getting up and walking through the door to the lab. when he walked out
his face was white he couldnt talk.
 "Whats wrong Famari?" Ryoko asked
 Famari just pointed to the door.
 "Oh all right I dont know what could've..." she said poking her head
through the door and she saw Washu naked lying on Xodis's chest sleeping
and she noticed that Xodis was naked as well.
 She took her head out and her face was pale too she couldn't beleive
it.
 At that time Tenchi was runnig up the stairs *"I know I'll ask Zenek
and he will tell me she ran to him and she slept at the shrine thats it
yeah!"* Tenchi thought running up the stairs. He finally got to the
shrine and ran up to Zenek and said "Mr. Zenek Have you seen your
Daughter Hauti?" he asked urgingly as Zenek sipped his coffie.
 "Nope" Zenek said and Tenchi felt his Heart sink.
 "Thank you anyway Zenek" Tenchi said and then walked away. Then Tenchi
started to search everywhere but it was no use to he went to the cliff
and looked off of it. Then suddenly someone jumped off the tree landed
on his back and covered his eyes.
 A soft voice came from behind him "guess who?"
 "ummm Ryoko?"
 the person jumped down "no" she turned Tenchi around and it was Haunti.

 "Haunti Where have you been and why did you run out last night?!"
Tenchi said angerly.
 Haunti looked meek and then tears in her eyes she ran away again but
she dropped her locket.
 Tenchi ran after her but it was no use he stopped and then noticed the
locket. Tenchi opened it and this time there was a picture in it. The
Picture was of Haunti and Tenchi on the night of the Fair laughing arm
and arm. Tenchi then clutching the locket ran after her, but he was no
use so he put his head down and walked slowly to home.
 When he got there Famari and Ryoko were having a talk with Washu and
Xodis.
 "What were you two doing!?" Famari and Ryoko said
 "Well you see when two people like eachother..." Washu began
 "We know! you were fucking! but!..." Ryoko began
 "excuse your language missy!" Xodis started
 "shuttup!" Ryoko said and the fight went on after Tenchi went into the
house.
 "have any luck Tenchi" asked Sasami
 "yeah bad lucks a luck isn't it?" Tenchi said firmly
 "Im sorry Tenchi maybe you'll find her soon." Uvin said
 about an Hour passed and they all heard a shake from the ground. it was
Yugami! everybody rushed out and greeted Kiyone and Barcid.
 "wheres Haunti?" Barcid and Kiyone asked
 "I dont know" said tenchi and then he explained the whole story word
for word.
 "Oh you miss one day..." Kiyone and Barcid both said
 "So how was you mission?" asked Mihoshi and Plasca.
 "Great" Kiyone said "Barcid saved my life"
 "really?" everybody but Tenchi said
 "Um Uh it was nothing" Barcid said
 "Oh yes it was you see when we landed we walked a little bit and Barcid
yelled out 'watch out!' he turned around and shot above me. I heard an
oof and a thump. I turned around, and there was a dead man laying on his
back with a sword in his hand." Kiyone explained
 "well that sounds good c'mon we will start making dinner you two just
relax coming Tenchi?" Sasami and Uvin said.
 "no Im stayin out here for a little While to clear my head." Tenchi
explained
 Hours passed and it became dark Tenchi could smell the food but he just
wasn't hungry.
 later when the lights in the house turned off he walked to the
otherside of the large pond and started to skip rocks. he noticed one
time when his rock sank there was still skips.
 "huh?" Tenchi said and then looked to his left. with him to his left as
Haunti.
 "Haunti?" asked Tenchi
 "yes Tenchi" Haunti said
 "Im very sorry for yelling at you earlier just I was so frustaited I
thought you didn't love me." Tenchi said and then held up her locket
"but this changed everything."
 Haunti looked at the locket and it was open and with every spiril she
saw the picture and a tear came down her cheek "I have something to
say..." Haunti said.
 "What" Tenchi said
Haunti the stood on her tiptoes and wispered into Tenchi's ear "I love
you too Tenchi"
 Tenchi looked into her eyes and inched to her and kissed her long and
passionatly like he did at the dance.
 Haunti giggled and ran into the house Tenchi followed and they ran into
Haunti's room. it was dark he couldn't see anything. "what are we doing
her Haunti?..." and he heard the door shut and lock behind him.
 He felt a passionate kiss on his lips. Tenchi lifted up Haunti and laid
her down on her fuiton. there was very little room but it didnt matter.
Tenchi's eyes adjusted to the dark and he could see Haunti clearly. he
slowly pulled off her shirt exposing a silver silk bra. and then he
pulled down Haunti's shorts and she was wearing sexy panties (like
theres any other kind). Haunti unhooked her bra exposing her breasts
which were beautiful and perfect in any shape or form. Haunti looked at
Tenchi. The nipples were hard and red they looked juicy.
 "My Turn" Haunti said and pulled off his shirt exposing his chest she
noticed somthing brewing in Tenchi's pants. "aw how cute lemme help you
with that." she unzipped Tenchi's pants exposing his boxers. she stood
up with Tenchi and hugged him close. Tenchi then grabbed her Panties and
pulled them down to the ground reveiling her hot cunt. The Beauty he
never saw before. It was tight and virginal. The final thing was little
black hairs were on the netherlips of her cunt. he nearly lost all
control  "cmon Tenchi its all right" Haunti said and Tenchi licked her
clit unsertain and then got the hang of it. for a little while he kept
licking it and was satisfied when he heard Haunti's moan of pleasure. he
slipped fingers in every once in a while. The cunt was tight so he could
onl get two fingers in which was very skillful for the tight cunt.
"Tenchi Don't stop Don't stop DON'T STOP OH!" Haunti said in a wispered
yell so noone would hear and cummed pleasurably. She gasped trying to
get her breath back "that was great now my turn Tenchi" Haunti said as
Tenchi stood up. she pushed Tenchi on the fuiton and then took the top
of his boxers with her teeth and dragged them off of Tenchi reveiling
his big long hard cock. she then teased him by taking her toung and
spiriling on the sides of his cock then she got to the top. she licked
on his shaft on the top of his dick and then placed his cock in her
mouth. she sucked on his cock.
 "Hauntiiii! Oh Hauntiiiii!" Tenchi moaned with pleasure and then he
closed his eyes "ahh!" and he cummed in Haunti's Mouth. Haunti swallowed
every bit of the Preacous Semon. After all of it Haunti licked her lips
so not to miss any of the cum.
 Then Haunti climbed up on Tenchi "ooo you so big Tenchi!" she exclaimed
climbing up on him. she desided to play games and tease him so she
started poking his cock to her clit but didn't let it enter her. Then
she slipped down and let Tenchi Insert her. she bit her bottom lip to
not scream. she then tried her nuckle and then the pillow. it was no use
she then screamed out pleasurable "Tenchi, Tenchi, Tenchi, Don't stop,
Don't stop, DON'T STOP OH!" Haunti cummed again. they both moaned with
pain and pleasure. Tenchi slowly arched to this pleasure then went down.
then he started pumping harder. Haunti moaned with pleasure and pain.
Tears rolled down her cheeks. she felt her virginity ripping off of her
like sharp needles The pain was bad but she liked it and somhow she felt
as if she had felt worse pain before "Harder! deeper! Harder! deeper!"
she yelled. "yes! don't stop yes yes yes YES!" she said moaning.
 "HAAUUNTII!" Tenchi Moaned
 "TEENNCHII!" Haunti Moaned and the both cummed at once having their
climaxes unaminously. Haunti kept moving up and down Tenchi's cock
moaning with pleasure making them both have another orgazm.
 Haunti then got off Tenchi's cock and laid by his side. she hugged him
and closed her eyes.
 They were tired Haunti laid her head on Tenchi's chest. she fell asleep
on his chest to the the beating of Tenchi's heart beat, but managed to
say before she fell asleep "I love you, Tenchi"
 "I love you too Haunti" Tenchi said and Haunti then got up and parted
from Tenchi and fell asleep listening to his heart beat.
 Nubuyuki peeked through the door for he was awake from screaming of a
woman. he took a blanket and covered Tenchi up to his midchest so only
Haunti's head was sticking out the blanket top. they both slept and
Nubuyuki said before exiting the room "Thats my boy Tenchi" and he
closed the door.

                                  THE END

so how did you like it Haunti and Tenchi ends up together if you think
its over think again stay with me and keep watching for:
Haunti VI: The Announcement.
