The Legal Info.... Cource I don own these characters the characters
belong to the creaters of Tenchi Muyo ,Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In
Tokyo. so don sue Im broke.

 "wake up Haunti" Haunti heard a voice that seemed from the distance.
she cracked her eyes open and saw a blurred image. she opened her eyes
slowly but surely and saw Tenchi looking over her "rise n' shine Haunti"
Tenchi said.
 Haunti opened her eyes completly and kissed Tenchi. "Did you sleep
well?" she asked.
 "Great but when Im with you everythings great." Tenchi said.
 Haunti blushed "your so sweet" she said sitting up. she got out of bed
and walked elagently out the door.
 Tenchi followed but stoped dead when she went into the bathroom.
 "What Tenchi?" Haunti asked
 "your gonna take a shower right?" Tenchi asked
 "so? we can save time," Haunti said "c'mon." she went in took off her
shirt and panties. She turned on the shower walked in it and awaited.
 Tenchi thought it would be ruid to make her wait so he stripped down
and walked into the shower he looked around but couldn't find her. the
mist was too dence. then he saw Haunti's face as she gave Him a Long
Passoinate kiss. The Haunti walked away through the olympic locker room
sized shower. Tenchi then noticed he wasn't alone Ryoko, Ayeka, Kiyone,
Mihoshi, and Washu were showering as well.
 The all Turned to Tenchi "ahhhhhhh!" and then covered themselve most of
them instinctivly.
 "Haunti! wait up!" Tenchi said running after Haunti.
 Everybody put on towels exept for Ryoko who was casual and giggled.
Kiyone said "pretty Impressive... for a kid."
 "For a kid?" Ryoko retorted. "he'd be Impressive for a regular!"
 "yes" Ayeka stepped into the conversation and looked at ryoko "hope
Famari's a big spender"
 Ryoko glaired at Ayeka as Ayeka giggled uncontrolably. "Hey! what are
you talking about!" Ryoko heald up her fist
 "Lets just say I like to take baths in the morning." Ayeka said still
giggling.
 Ryoko was about to kill Ayeka then Barcid, Famari, Vari, Plasca, and
Xodis walked into the shower all wearing towels exept for Famari who,
like Ryoko, was also Casual.
 When Vari was passing by Ryoko pulled off Ayeka's towel exposing her.
Ayeka screamed then covered herself and a drop of blood came down Vari's
nose which Ryoko and Famari found pretty damn funny. Famari then took
off Vari's towel exposing him to Ayeka no one else gave it a look. Vari
screamed himself and the Famari gave a signal to Ryoko by twisting up
his towel. she did the same. Famari snapped Vari with his towel, and
Ryoko did the same to Ayeka making them jump foreward in pain catching
eachother in eachother's arms.
 they jumped back noticing that they were arm and arm. and turned to
Famari and Ryoko who were laughing their asses off. "whats wrong?"
Famari said chuckling "its funny!"
 "How dare you! Defile royalty!" Vari and Ayeka said unaminously.
Crystals and logs then sorrounded Ryoko and Famari.
 "slow down Prince and Princess we just joking!" Famari said laughing.
and then was shoked doubled then usual by the logs and crystals. Famari
and Ryoko jumped back "Thats it!" they cluched their hands closed and
spirits started surounding them making two devils.
 "Oh shit! I forgot I can't control a devil without a crystal on my
right wrist!" Ryoko yelled.
 "no need to worry" Famari said and reached into his pocket revealing
the other two crystal's and threw it to her.
 "huh? but how'd you get these?" Ryoko asked as they appeared where they
belonged.
 "I had Haunti do me a favor." Famari said and they controled their
devils and then Famari smriked as his turned to Ryoko's and mereged with
it.
 "Huh? whats happening?" Ryoko asked.
 "a Super Devil it rarely happens but their powerful... Shit!" he said
as the Super Devil turned to them "I forgot I need a Black crystal on
the hilt of my sword!"
 "hmm" Xodis and Washu said and walked to the superdevil and touched it
and it disappeared.
 "Some 'superdevil'" Ayeka and Vari mocked as they put on their robes
and Vari walked to the mens half of the shower.
 "grr" Famari said and walked to the mens half as well. every man walked
to the mens half of the shower.
 A soft giggle came from the mist. "huh?" everybody said as Haunti
walked out of the thick mist.
 "How long have you been there Haunti" Ayeka asked.
 "umm since Kiyone said 'very Impressive... for a kid'" Haunti said
smriking.
Haunti was also Casual with no towel.
 They all taked for a little while. They scrubbed themselves and walked
out. Haunti walked out arm n arm with Haunti's head on Tenchi's sholder.

 Haunti instead of grabbing her panties she grabbed a pain of Tenchi's
boxers and put them on. she put on her silk bra a pair of jeans and one
of Tenchi's shirts. *"she looks sexy"* Tenchi Thought and put on his
clothes.
 Barcid and Kiyone got dressed on Yugami in their rooms. When they came
out of their rooms they bumped into eachother. Kiyone was wearing torn
jean shorts and a tight white shirt. Barcid was wearing a black shirt
and jeans.
 "Hey Barcid" Kiyone said "you know me and Mihoshi are doing our rounds
tonite and Mihoshi has invited Plasca I don wanna be the only one with
an IQ higher than 10." she said chuckling.
 "Ok, I wouldn't put anyone through that torcher." Barcid said
chuckling.
 That night Kiyone, Barcid, Mihoshi, and Plasca appeared aboared Yugami.
When in space Mihoshi and Plasca took out their cubes and changed into
their uniforms.
 Kiyone did the same but Barcid took out a pen ,much like the one they
use to display their ID's, clicked on the top of the pen and his Galaxy
Police Uniform appeared on him.
 "huh? how...?" everybody asked.
 "don't worry bout it." Barcid said.
 They all got in their seat and took off.
 Mihoshi and Plasca started talking about their favorite TV show.
 "God do they ever stop" Kiyone and Barcid wispered to eachother.
 Then Barcid said aloud "hey Plasca Mihoshi guess what."
 "What?!" Mihoshi and Plasca said.
 "theres a surprise for you in the back." Barcid answered.
 "Surprise! thank you!" and they ran to the back room and there was
tapes of their favorite show Galaxy Police Policemen. "Barcid thank you!
wow!" Plasca and Mihoshi both said and then chanted wow.
 "What is in the back Barcid?" asked Kiyone.
 "Tapes Of Galaxy Police Policemen" Barcid Answered "Its the only way to
get work done."
 "How their in the back doing nothing?" Kiyone said questionly.
 "Exactly" Barcid said chuckling. then they heard loud wows from the
back room.
 "Oh great your 'genious plan' is gonna make us listen to them 2 yell
all through the mission." Kiyone said the hit Barcid.
 "hey ow" Barcid said. "dont you think I thought of that!" he then
pushed on a button and everything went silent.
 "huh whats that?" Kiyone asked.
 "Its a sound-proof sheild I installed them neer every rooms doors bout
a week in a half ago." Barcid answered.
 "But you couldn't of predected this about 2 weeks ago" Kiyone said
confusingly.
 Barcid didn't answer instead popped in a CD in the radio he made
himself. The Songs on the CD were beautiful and they curessed to them.
  The songs Ended and Barcid and Kiyone started talking again.
 "So why did you really invite me Kiyone?" Barcid asked.
 Kiyone blushed and said "I don't want to be stuck with those two
nimrods"
 "Bull" Barcid said
 "Excuse me?" Kiyone said confused.
 "Bull" Barcid answered, "You work with Mihoshi you know ways to keep
her occupied and Plasca you could of just blown off whats the real
reason and don't give me bullshit."
 Kiyone was at first startled by his choice of words so free so true and
then came back to sences "Ok I just didnt want you to not get any sleep
tonite ok?"
 "Now thats more like it." Barcid said and then got up and walked
towards his room. He stumbled at a violent tremble. Barcid looked out
the cockpit window and saw a hug ship. "Oh no" he said looking at the
ship startled.
 "Whats that?" Kiyone asked
 "That ship belongs Vinus a notorious gang leader." Barcid answered
looking at the ship.
 "huh? Vinus? that man who kills all who sees him?." Kiyone said
confused.
 "yeah thats him." barcid said.
 "he dangorous!?" Kiyone said startled.
 "the most dangorous" Barcid answered and added "and Im goin after em"
 "What!? thats suicide!" Kiyone said
 "I know but he has to be stopped now before he destroys this galaxy.
bring me closer to him Im goin on his ship." Barcid said holstering his
gun.
 "but..." Kiyone started.
 "No Buts! get me there." they got close enough so Barcid could jump to
the other ship (not literaly).
 Barcid walked deeper into the ship. he finally walked to the main
bridge and saw a big man typing on a keyboard and smirked.
 "so we finally meet Vinus." Barcid said
 "hmm Barcid" Vinus said and urned around he was holding a gun and
pointing it strait at Barcid.
 "hmm nice gun Vinus." Barcid said then jumped and Vinus shot at him.
"you know this is not the way you treet guests."
 "Who cares?" Vinus said and then shot again and again missed.
 "well I do." Barcid said and jumped toward Vinus.
 Vinus did not move just pointed his gun and shot Barcid right between
the stomach and the heart.
 Barcid rolled on the ground and Vinus toward over him and pointed his
gun "you will no longer be a minous to me"
 "neither will you" Barcid said and like lighting he grabbed his gun and
shot Vinus in the eye killing him.
 Barcid slowly got to his feet and noticed that Vinus through him had
shot the controls the ship was about to blow so Barcid ran.
 From the perspective of the cockpit Kiyone, Plasca, and Mihoshi (who
Plasca and Mihoshi had just made it to the cockpit) saw the big ship was
about to explode and they had the ship move away from the range. the
ship exploded and the tears came from their faces.
 "Barcid was in there." Kiyone said
 "you meen Barcid..." Plasca started.
 "...Is dead?" Mihoshi ended.
 Kiyone knodded and they all drooped their heads down.
 "Dont say Rest In Peace yet." Barcid said coming out of the shadows
from the airlock.
 "Barcid! Your .... BARCID!" they all started excitingly and then Barcid
colapsed.
 They all carfully picked Barcid up and carried him to a doctoring room
and set him on the bed. they tapped on the pen so he would turn get back
to his normal clothes, and took off his shirt. they then wrapped his
firm stomach in bandages for the shot was so bad it went from the front
to back.
 after it seemed everybody was gone Kiyone said "Im staying by your side
Barcid."
 "Dont... Do... That." Barcid managed. "I'll... be... all... right...
Ki...yone... just... man...age... The... Ship"
 she opened her mouth to say somthing but she desided its best to do as
he asked. When Kiyone left a voice came from the darkest corner of the
room "so you just couldn't tell her huh Barcid?"
 "no Plasca." Barcid started to speak regularly. "I couldn't hurt
anybody wih the terrible Im gonna die."
 Plasca came out from the shadows. "Its sad but fate is throwing us this
one."
 "Yeah, before I go Plasca I have to say you can be very smart when you
have to be, but other times..." Barcid said
 "well I should leave you alone." Plasca said and then walked out.
 Barcid listened to his heart meter and closed his eyes. he gripped the
side of the bed he was on and muttered "Kiyone...." his grip then
loosened and the heard meter went blank.
 Luckly Mihoshi was walking by the room and she heard the high pitch
sound "Kiyone!" Mihoshi yelled.
 Kiyone ran to Mihoshi "what...?" she began and heard the constant high
pitched noise. "Barcid..." she said and ran into the room. she ran by
Barcid side and took his hand. she cried on his hand although she only
knew him for a little while she felt she knew him for her whole life.
"Dont let him die" she wail crying on Barcids hand. she held his hand
and then like a miracle the heart meter started to beep.
 "Its a Miracle" Kiyone said and called Mihoshi and Plasca in to see.
They were as astounded as she was.
 After a little while everyone left the room exept for Mihoshi she just
looked after Barcid. hours later Barcid slowly opened his eyes and
noticed Mihoshi.
 "Hello mister Barcid." Mihoshi said looking into his eyes.
 "Hi Mihoshi" Barcid said sitting up looking around. "Am I dead?"
 "no Mister Barcid you survived.." Mihoshi said.
 "amazing..." Barcid Began but then was enterjected by Mihoshi.
 "Mr. Barcid..." Mihoshi said "about Mr Plasca you know him best how do
you get him to like you?"
 Barcid could barly keep a strait face. "Your Fond Plasca arnt you
Mihoshi?"
 "Um well Uh..." Mihoshi stammered.
 "Its Ok just be yourself Mihoshi He likes you just the way you are."
Barcid said.
 Mihoshi giggled "ok thank you Mr Barcid" Mihoshi said and started to
run out but stopped and explained what Kiyone did when she thought he
died. she then ran out.
 *"wow! did that really happen?"* Barcid layed back down.
 about a half an hour later Kiyone was in jeans and a white shirt
looking out the cockpit window. she listened to the songs Barcid had.
*"Barcid... although Ive only known you for just a little while I
have... these feelings oh Barcid."* Kiyone thought and then heard the
door to the room where Barcid was at open "Mihoshi how many times do I
have to tell you? stay out of Barcids room while hes recovering!" Kiyone
said Crimson with anger.
 "you know being angery wont help" Kiyone heard Barcids voice wispering
into her ear.
 "Barcid..." she turned around in haist and then was locked into a deep
passionate kiss. she closed her eyes from the kiss hers and Barcids
tounges exploring eachothers mouths. "Oh Barcid" she moaned as she felt
her natural juices flowing from the kiss.
 Barcid smirked and said nothing. he noticed that her juices were
flowing and then said "need help with that?"
 Kiyone knodded blankly and noticed his hand was sliding down her pants.
she stopped him and Barcid gave a strange look.
 "whats wrong?" Barcid said confusingly.
 "I think we should be sowhere more comfertable." Kiyone said looking
around they were in the cockpit.
 Barcid smirked and lifted her up in his arms he walked to Kiyone's room
and laid her down on her bed.
 Kiyone finally remembered that he was hurt "but... Barcid your hurt
arnt you?"
 "yes" Barcid said taking off the bandages and Kiyone was astounded to
see that there was no scar. "but ill be even more hurt if I dont do
this."
 Barcid slid his hand down her pants and started to masterbait her.
Kiyone moaned with pleasure. Barcid took his hand out of her pants and
then unzipped them slowly. He looked at her Panties. He then went up and
slid off her shirt. she was wearing just her bra and Panties.
 Kiyone then got up knelt down and unzipped Barcids Pants slowly. she
slid them off revealing his Boxers. she then got up and they locked in a
passoinate kiss.
 Barcid during the kiss unhooked Kiyones bra and it fell on the floor.
Kiyone slid off her panties during the kiss. she then noticed that
Barcid had an erection from the kiss. "you helped me now I will help
you" Kiyone said and knelt down. She gripped the elastic part of the
boxers with her teeth and slowly pulled them down.
 The Barcid felt a warm sensation on his cock. He looked down and Kiyone
was sucking his cock. he moaned in absolute pleasure as she sucked.
Kiyone then licked around his cock up and down and sucked again. Then
Barcid just exploaded cum into her mouth. Kiyone smiled happily and
swalowed every bit of it. Barcid smirked "ah a girl with experience?"
 "Nope" Kiyone admitted wiping her mouth. "You got experience as I see."

 "Im like you Kiyone." Barcid addmitted. "Im a virgin"
 Kiyone climbed up Barcid. Barcid noticed every motion she made untill
she got to his cock. She let the cock insert her hot clit and she moaned
with pleasure as Barcid slid his cock into her. she drooled as the cock
cept going in and out of her. the sensation was wonderful. They Cummed
together Barcid slowly at first pumping. "Barcid Faster Faster Faster
FASTER FASTER HARDER! OOHHHH!" Kiyone screamed out as she had her first
orgazm.
 Tears rolled down her cheek as it ended she was with somebody finally
and she parted from Barcid cock and fell asleep hugging him. "I love You
Kiyone" Barcid said as she fell asleep. he was only answered by a groan.
he covered them in a sheet and drifted to sleep.

                                 THE END

Howd you like it so far? its good writing this and I hope its just as
good reading it tell me bout my email is at the top. well keep looking
for
Haunti IX: An Eternal Love And a Specail Occation
