The Legal Info.... Cource I don own these characters the characters
belong to the creaters of Tenchi Muyo ,Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In
Tokyo. so don sue Im broke.

 Haunti woke up later then any one else and could smell food coming from
the kitchen. Haunti got up and put her clothes (Haunti sleeps in the
nude). She rushed downstairs to see everybody at the table eating.
 "Good morning Haunti sleep well?" Tenchi said
 "Yes, Tench you?" she said lying for she only got about 5 hours worth
of sleep.
 "Yes very well c'mon eat with us" Tenchi said
 Haunti exepted and sat down next to Tenchi "so what are we having for
breakfast?" she said looking at the others.
 "The usual Eggs, Bacon, biskits, potatoes, rice, and saki" said Tenchi
 "I dont really care for alcohol so i will stay away from the saki."
said Haunti making herself a bowl and eating very lady like.
 After breakfast everyone went to their jobs. Haunti didnt have a job
but she desided to take a broom and help Tenchi. When she got up there
Tenchi was already sweeping and she walked beside him and sweeped with
him.
 "Huh? oh, hi Haunti" said Tenchi surprised to see her "your really good
at this"
 Haunti giggled "My Grandfather had a shrine too, but it was destroyed"
she sadi
 "Oh, Im sorry" said Tenchi
 "dont be" Haunti said "just enjoy having half the work."
 "why are you doing this Haunti? you dont have to do anything" Tenchi
declared.
 Haunti smiled and giggled inside her throat. "Its the least I could do
for knocking you on your ass yesterday, and you treating me and my
friends so kindly." she said.
 "dont mention it your nice yourself."
 they sweeped for a little while and then bumped into eachother and
looked up looking eachother in the eyes and stayed motionless.
 Zenek came from the otherside of the shrine and Katsuhito opened the
shrine door. "what are you two doin" they both said looking at Haunti
and Tenchi.
 Tenchi and Haunti turned away from eachother blushing deep. "nothing
grampa" they both said "just sweeping the shrine"
 "oh" they Zenek and Katsuhito said
 "Tenchi your work is done yours too Haunti" Katsuhito said
 "but--" Tenchi began
"thank you, sir its been a pleasure helping at the shrine" Haunti
interjected putting away her broom.
 Tenchi followed and they walked down the stairs. when they got to the
bottom Ryoko was waiting
 "Hi Tenchi" said ryoko and then noticed Haunti "Whats that girl doing
with you? Tenchi?"
 "Oh, Haunti helped me at the shrine" answered Tenchi
 "Ah, good Tenchi c'mon" Ryoko grabbed Tenchi
 "but what about Hauti?" asked Tenchi
 "its ok you two have fun" said Haunti
 "we will" ryoko said phasing out with Tenchi
 Later in the day at dinner Haunti began "I got an Idea for all of us."
she said
 "What?" every body asked
 "After dinner lets go Karioke." Haunti answered
 everybody's but Tenchi's and Haunti's opened wide "Karioke?" they all
said excited "but how will we pay?"
 "I'll pay for it" Haunti suggested "I'll ask my grandfather"
 "you dont have to do th--" he was interupted by two of Haunti's fingers
on his lips
 "dont worry" she said and finished her dinner
 Haunti walked up the shrine and went to Zenek
 "Grandfather?" she said to Zenek
 "yes Haunti" Zenek answered
 "can I have a few thousan yin?" Haunti asked
 "why?" asked Zenek
 "I promised them we will go Karioke and I'll pay" she answered
 "okay here" Zenek said giving her 4000 yin.
 "thank you grandfather goodnight" Haunti exepted the money and ran down
the stairs. when she got down everybody was awaiting her.
 "lets go" Haunti said
 "ok" said everybody and they walked to town Haunti was side by side
with Tenchi.
 when they got there they took a room and they sat down.
 everybody sung plenty of songs and Haunti slowly drifted off to sleep
listening to the music in the Karioke.
 After an hour everybody left but Tenchi stayed behind waiting for
Haunti
who was still asleep to wake up.
 Haunti slowly opened her eyes and saw Tenchi looking into her eyes and
smiled and blushed. "Hello Tenchi where is everybody?"
 "You fell asleep in the middle of the Karioke." Tenchi said
 "oh Im sorry" Haunti said regretfully
 "dont worry about it lets go" Tenchi lifted her up and started to walk
out the door.
 "wait Tenchi do we have time for one more song?" asked Haunti
 "sure why not?" Tenchi said "what do you want to sing?"
 noticing Dimension Of Love "that one!" Haunti said pointing at it.
 "but thats a solo Haunti" Tenchi said
 "so? c'mon we'll sing together" she grabbed Tenchi and walked to the
stage and started to sing beautifully.

 "(Haunti) When the cherry blossoms start to bloom
  (Tenchi) Meet me here in my lonely room
  (Haunti) We'll find a passion filled fantasy
  (Tenchi) And this time you will stay with me

 (Haunti) All the misery that we knew before
 (Tenchi) Stays away when you are at my door
 (Haunti) My heart will sing at every tender touch
 (Both)And, oh, you'll want you twice as much.

 (Both)A new dimension of Love
A bold adventure waiting for you
The true dimension of love
A soaring flight, a dazzling veiw

 (Haunti) We're gonna take it all the way
 (Tenchi) We'll make the dream so totally real
 (Haunti) See greater wonders by the day
 (Tenchi) Then tell the stars what glorious rapture we feel."

 (Haunti) Soon, with the stars Spring
 (Tenchi)We'll know are hearts are changing
 (Haunti) Leave the hurt behind
 (Tenchi) I'll be true and kind
 (Both) Be the best you'll ever find"

 (Both) We don't ever have to cry or fight
Something tells me we can make it right
Enough of wandering far and wide
I just can't forget you though I've tried

 (Both) This is destiny so why pretend
Close your eyes kiss me once agian
I'll always be the only one you need
So go where your deepest longing leads"

        (Instumental Solo)

"(Both)A new dimension of Love
A bold adventure waiting for you
The true dimension of love
A soaring flight, a dazzling veiw

 (Haunti) We're gonna take it all the way
 (Tenchi) We'll make the dream so totally real
 (Haunti) See greater wonders by the day
 (Tenchi) Then tell the stars what glorious rapture we feel."

 (Haunti) Soon, in the April breeze
 (Tenchi) We will bring alive the memories
 (Haunti) Yes I'm sure we will
 (Tenchi) Bring back every thrill
 (Both) Make them all lovelier still"

 (Haunti) When the cherry blossoms start to bloom
  (Tenchi) Meet me here in my lonely room
  (Haunti) We'll find a passion filled fantasy
  (Tenchi) And this time you will stay with me

 (Haunti) All the misery that we knew before
 (Tenchi) Stays away when you are at my door
 (Haunti) My heart will sing at every tender touch
 (Both)And, oh, you'll want you twice as much.

 (Both) We don't ever have to cry or fight
Something tells me we can make it right
Enough of wandering far and wide
I just can't forget you though I've tried

  (Both) This is destiny so why pretend
Close your eyes kiss me once agian
I'll always be the only one you need
So go where your deepest longing leads"

 The Song Faded to the end and they walked out. Haunti went to the desk
and 3500 yin for it. they walked home talking and laughing about the
times they've had with the others.
 "so... Tenchi would you mind If I asked you are you a virgin?" asked
Haunti
 Tenchi's face went a deep red "um uh ah um" he said and managed to
squeek out "why do you ask?"
 "just making conversation now tell me please" said Haunti
 Tenchi put his head down and said meekly "yes"
 Haunti giggled and said "me too its a wonder how we can live with 6
people our age and different sex and we can be virgins huh?"
 "yeah I guess can we get off this subject?"
 "sure" said Haunti
 They walked, talked, and laughed all the way to the house. and when
they got to the house everybody was outside making conversation and
Tenchi noticed that Nubuyuki was home "dad! your home!" Tenchi said.
 "yes Tenchi I am and three questions.
Whos that man at grampa's shrine talking with grampa?
who the hell are all these boys that look like our girls at our house?
and who is that lovly lady walking beside you?
 "last one first Im Haunti.
The man at the shrine is my grandfather Zenek.
and those boys are Famari, Vari, Xodis, Barcid, Plasca and Uvin" Haunti
said and then heard Monic.
 "Meow!" Monic said
 "oh yeah and this is Monic" said Haunti
 "okay" said Nubuyuki going in to lay down.
 Everybody went to bed after a long day but haunti remained awake.
Haunti walked downstairs and noticed Sasami was up looking outside
through the window.
 "Sasami?" Haunti said
 Sasami jumped up in shock and she noticed it was Haunti Haunti sat next
to Sasami.
 "got a problem miss Haunti?" asked Sasami.
 "yes" Haunti answered
 "What is it?" asked Sasami.
 "well... theres a boy in this house that every time I see him my heart
beats faster, I get butterflies in my stomach, I get all warm inside,
and finally every time I look him in the eyes I blush deeply whats wrong
with me?" said Haunti
 "thats easy your in love Haunti" said Sasami
 "what? In love?" Haunti said thinking and she leaned on one of the
giant carrot pillows.
 "well Im off to bed good night miss Haunti" Sasami said and got up and
walked to her room.
 *"could I be in love? I dont know Im so confused"* Haunti thouht and
then slowly closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep

                                               THE END

howd ya like it? keep watchin fer Haunti IV: The Dance
