The Legal Info.... Cource I don own these characters the characters
belong to the creaters of Tenchi Muyo ,Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In
Tokyo. so don sue Im broke.

 Haunti Awoke looking up and had a smile on her face when she saw Tenchi
was still there.
 "Good it wasn't a dream" Haunti said while crawling upTenchi. Haunti
then kissed Tenchi gently on the lips.
 Tenchi slowly opened his eyes and quickly grew a smile seeing Haunti
was still there. "Hello Haunti sleep good?"
 Haunti knodded "How couldn't I? it was the best night of my life"
Haunti said smiling.
 They both smiled and looked at eachother for a little while then Haunti
got up. Tenchi started wondering what she was doin then he noticed her
putting on a shirts.
 "Oh I better get dressed too I guess." Tenchi said and got up. Haunti
nodded and threw Tenchi his pants and shirt as she slipped into shorts.
 They heard Sasami's and Uvins voice from the kitchen. "Tenchi! Haunti!
Breakfast!"
 They Hurried downstairs. When they got to the dining room everybody was
sitting at the table eating.
 "Hello Tenchi" everyone said cheerfully but then just looked at Haunti
 "What?" asked Haunti as she sat down between Ryoko and Tenchi
 Ryoko leaned to the right and wispered into Haunti's ear "hint your
wearing one of Tenchi's shirts"
 Haunti then blushed deeply "oh... I can can explain that you see I
reached into my drawer and pulled out this shirt and put it on"
 "oh ok" everybody said then started to eat again.
 Tenchi and Haunti finished early and they walked outside and started to
take a stroll. "when are we going to break it to them" asked Haunti
 "I hadn't thought of that" Tenchi said "how are they going to take it?"

 "I dont know but I know how we will break the news to them... we
announce it over dinner" Haunti suggested.
 "Ok then thats it we announce it over dinner." Tenchi said "but for now
we work." Tenchi got the suplies to work at the shrine.
 Tenchi and Haunti walked up the shrine together. when they got to the
shrine they were assigned jobs Haunti had to sweep the stones ouside of
the shrine and Tenchi had to scrub, wet, and dry the stones and the
inside of the shrine. They did their jobs Zenek and Katsuhito noticed
that Haunti and Tenchi just stared at each other while working.
 After working Haunti and Tenchi were bushed. they sat at the top of the
steps and thought about the night before. they remembered each Touch
each kiss everything they did. they made their way down to the house.
when they got to the house they Heard "The Dance" By Garth brooks.
 "huh? I remember this song." Haunti said.
 "you should we had our first kiss with this song" Tenchi said.
 "our song" they both said looking into eachothers eyes. and Haunti
began to sing along with song.

 "Lookin' back on the memories of
the dance we shared beneath the stars above.
For a moment, all the world was right.
How could I've known that you'd ever say 'good bye?'

And now, I'm glad I didn't know the way it all would end
the way it all would go.
And our lives are better left to chance.
I could have missed the pain, but I'd've had to miss the dance.

And now, I'm glad I didn't know the way it all would end
the way it all would go.
And our lives are better left to chance.
I could have missed the pain, but I'd've had to miss the dance"

Holdin' you, I've held everything.
For a moment, wasn't I the king?
But if I'd only known how the king would fall,
Hey, who's to say, you know, I might have changed it all.

And now, I'm glad I didn't know the way it all would end
the way it all would go.
And our lives are better left to chance.
I could have missed the pain, but I'd've had to miss the dance
Yes, my life is better left to chance.
I could have missed the pain, but I'd've had to miss the dance."

 The song Ended and they went inside. Haunti and Tenchi talked untill
they heard Sasami and Uvin yell "dinner!"
 at dinner Haunti was still wearing Tenchi's shirt and sat by Tenchi.
she snuggled up close to Tenchi.
 Then to Haunti's right Ryoko's voice appeared in th conversation "hey!
why are you two acting all lovey Dovey all of a sudden?" Ryoko asked
Tenchi and Haunti.
 "Should we tell them?" asked Haunti
 "Sure" Tenchi said and then explained what happened in the dance he
explained the locket and the picture and he explained the kiss the night
before but left out the sexual areas to be polite at dinner.
 Everybody just looked at them. Ayeka's shaky almost to the break of
tears voice came from across the table "Good for you Lord Tenchi" and
she pushed her dinner away from her "Im not hungry anymore Sasami" and
she ran upstairs and sobbed.
 Vari gave an Icy glair into the distance and got up "I'll talk to her."
he said and walked upstairs.
 "Well" Ryoko said her voice a little shaky "I guess somebody had to get
him congradulations Haunti."
 Famari also took accept this for he knew it was easier to accept then
fight.
 Everybody else congradulated Tenchi and Haunti. "hmm Como Chingas
Tenchi (thats spanish for "what balls").
 Haunti wispered into Tenchi's ear "I can back that statment up" and
giggled at her little joke.
 they all poured a glass of red wine for each of them, and grape juice
for Uvin and Sasami. "A Toast" they all said "to Haunti and Tenchi may
your love live on a long time" and they all drank even Haunti who didn't
care for alchohol.
 "Wait theres another couple besides us" Tenchi said "another Toast to
Washu and Xodis may your love grow like your minds."
 Washu and Xodis blushed "how...?" they started
 "I heard Ryoko and Famari arguing with you two when I was walking in
yesterday." Tenchi said.
 The dinner went on untill everybit was gone. they all walked upstairs
exept of cource Washu and Xodis who went into the lab to work.
 Tenchi stripped down to his boxers and got in his bed. Haunti went down
to her bra and panties then slipped in bed with him. She laid on her
side and rested her head on Tenchi's chest "I love you Tenchi" she said
and drifted off to sleep listening to his heart beat once again.
 Tenchi twirled Haunti's hair in his fingers "I love you too Haunti" he
said and fell asleep looking at her in the moonlight.
 "grrrrrr" Barcid growled as Plasca snored. Barnic just got up and
walked out of the room. *"maybe I'll sleep on Yugami Miss Kiyone wont
mind."* he thought and walked and summoned the ship Yugami.
 he got on and heared movement from the cockpit. Barcid grabbed his gun
and walked slowly to the cockpit. It was coming from the left front
chair he spun toward it and pointed his gun at it. he lowered his gun
seeing that it was just Kiyone sleeping in the cockpit.
 Kiyone slowly opened her eyes "huh?! oh its just you Barcid. what are
you doing here?"
 "Plasca snores and i thought you wouldnt mind if I sleep in the cockpit
would you?" Barcid said.
 "not at all 'Misery Loves Company'." Kiyone said
 "and proved at the Masaki House 'Company Loves Misery'." Barcid Joked.
they both laughed at that for a little while. "God we graduated top in
our classes and we dont even know how our Partners Graduated." Barcid
said sighing.
 "yeah" Kiyone sighed.
 "got any saki?" asked Barcid
 "yeah here" she poured him some saki and poured herself some as well.
 "so..." Barcid said "a 20 year old like you is hangin around a kid like
Tenchi why?"
 "well hes an interesting boy and what about you your 20 and your hangin
around a girl like Haunti?" Kiyone said
 "same thing here." he answered.
 a long pause bestode them. "Im bushed" Kiyone said and stood up.
 "me too" he said getting up. they started walking to their rooms and
accedently bumped into eachother. they just looked at eachother they
longing. they shook their heads and walked into their rooms.

                                THE END

how do you like number 6? well theres plenty more where that came from
Next up is Haunti VII: Love on the Onsen
