The Legal Info.... Cource I don own these characters the characters
belong to the creaters of Tenchi Muyo ,Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In
Tokyo. so don sue Im broke.

 Two weeks passed since the unsuspected visitors appeared. Haunti
thought of that night with the Karioke. She sat in the room with all the
big carrot pillows. she got up and walked out. Haunti walked to the
shrine to help Tenchi.
 "need any help Tenchi?" asked Haunti.
 "Not today Haunti Im almost done." said Tenchi
 "oh" Haunti said and started walking down the steps.
 "Haunti wait" Tenchi said.
 Haunti Turned around "huh?"
 "Well Miss Haunti theres a Fair and a Dance tonite I was wondering if
your not doing anything if y-you w-would l-like t-to g-go w-with
m-m-me." Tenchi managed to stammer out.
 Haunti giggled "Why Tenchi are you asking me out?" Haunti said
 "Um ah Uh Um" was all Tenchi could say.
 "I would be happy to." Haunti said then kissed Tenchi on the cheek
 Tenchi was startled by the kiss and even more so that she would go with
him.
 Haunti walked down the steps. when she got to the bottom Ryoko was
standing there leaning against the tree. "so the fairs comin up whos
acomponing you?" ryoko said in a sneery tone. and added "like anyone
would."
 "well it just so happens Tenchi is" Haunti said.
 "wha-wha-what!?" ryoko said surprised.
 "dont worry its nothing serious its just a fair youll beable to dance
with him." Haunti said.
 Ryoko gave a Hmph and disappeared
 Haunti walked in the house "so whos goin with who?" Haunti asked
 Barcid walked up to Haunti "Im sorry I cant make it to the fair Haunti
me and Kiyone are called out on a mission"
 "Oh Im sorry Barcid go on your mission and have fun." Haunti said
 Later That Night Haunti walked downstairs where Tenchi was at she was
wearing a beautiful blue dress which was held up by two straps. she had
a smile on her face and she opened her eyes and looked at Tenchi. her
black Hair was brushed eventhough it was short yet beautiful. her eyes
were a beautiful brown.
 "How do I look?" she asked
 For a moment he was speachless and then maniged out "Fantastic."
 Haunti blushed "thank you. you better go change Tenchi."
 Tenchi walked upstairs and took a hot shower.
 When Tenchi came down he was wearing a black Tuxido with a white
undershirt and a black tie. his hair was combed the front half was
combed forward and the back was combed backwards.
 "How do I look?" Tenchi asked
 *"sexy"* Haunti though but then said "great Tenchi".
 Tenchi blushed "lets go"
 "ok" Haunti said and they walked to the fair.
 As they walked around they saw all of the people in booths Ryoko and
Famari were running a crooked love potion booth
 "This is a Love Potion" Ryoko said
 "really? a love Potion?" Famari said playing along
 "yes you drink this and the person you want to fall in love with will
fall inlove with you." Ryoko said
 "lemme try" Famari said and took the small bottle and drank spun ryoko
away from the crowd and made it appear that he was french kissing her.
"wow it works!"
 "and this could be you for only 200 yin" Ryoko said smiling as
everybody wanted some.
 Haunti and Tenchi walked along and noticed Washu and Xodis was running
a booth. they were surprised that it was Karioke.
 "I thought with your minds you would make somthing more creative"
Haunti said.
 "you'll see" Washu said as they paid and went in.
 When they got in there was just a spotlight and two microphones. when
they got in the middle there was a transperent screen that asked *what
song would you like to sing?*
 "ooh Talent for Love" Haunti said and she clicked on it.
 The song came on as the spotlight started elavating and the circle
walls became like screens

   "Life is so full of hurry and hustle,"
(A Picture Of Tenchi running to work came on the screen)
"Sometimes I think its passing us by,"
(A picture of Haunti and Tenchi crossing eachother barly even noticing
eachother came on the screen)
"The days are like hours, hours like minutes"
(A clock appears around them going really fast)
Im caught up in it till I look in your eyes
(a picture of them just looking into eachothers eyes)
And, to my surprise I find there is a heaven
(A picture of the sky appeared around them)
Timeless and real, making me fell free and alive!"
(two pictures one of Haunti practicing with her stick weapon, and the
other Tenchi using sword Tenchi flash by)

"You touch me, you kiss me, and time has no meaning
(A picture of Haunti Touching Tenchi's cheek and another picture of her
kissing his cheeks appear)
Im on a rocket to some other zone
(a picture of Ryo-Ohki taking off appeared)
Baby, you thrill me-whatever you're doing
(a picture of them both laughing appears)
Don't think of stopping until we are lightyears away
(a picture of them singing this song appears)
All alone...'cause I want to keep this treasure for my very own,
(the picture stays)
Your talent for love!"
(another picture of them hugging appears)

"Trying to move forward, pushing and shoving
(a pic Ayeka and Ryoko fighting and Vari and Famari also fighting
appears)
People all get in each others way.
(the pictures stay)
But when two lover find their own magic
(a picture of them just looking at eachother and blushing appears)
Nothing else matters, 'cause they know it will stay.
(a pic of them walking home from that night of Karioke)
And I know somehow our spell will never be broken
(the pic stays but instead their standing under a street light looking
at eachother)
Timeless and real, making me feel free and alive!"
(a pic of them runing and jumping away from the others)

"You touch me, you kiss me, and time has no meaning
(A picture of Haunti Touching Tenchi's cheek and another picture of her
kissing his cheeks appear)
Im on a rocket to some other zone
(a picture of Ryo-Ohki taking off appeared)
Baby, you thrill me-whatever you're doing
(a picture of them both laughing appears)
Don't think of stopping until we are lightyears away
(a picture of them singing this song appears)
All alone...'cause I want to keep this treasure for my very own,
(the picture stays)
Your talent for love!"
(another picture of them hugging appears)

 (Instrumental Solo)

"You touch me, you kiss me, and time has no meaning
(A picture of Haunti Touching Tenchi's cheek and another picture of her
kissing his cheeks appear)
Im on a rocket to some other zone
(a picture of Ryo-Ohki taking off appeared)
Baby, you thrill me-whatever you're doing
(a picture of them both laughing appears)
Don't think of stopping until we are lightyears away
(a picture of them singing this song appears)
All alone...'cause I want to keep this treasure for my very own,
(the picture stays)
Your talent for love!"
(another picture of them hugging appears)

 The song slowly faded to the end and the elavator stopped and they
walked out
 "how did you like it?" Washu and Xodis asked
 "It was great we loved it!" Tenchi and Haunti both said unaminously.
 "Good!" Washu said
 Tenchi and Haunti made their way to the bench and relaxed. Tenchi
noticed a golden chain of a necklace and pointed to it "Whats that?" he
asked
 She pulled out a locket "this was my mothers" she opened it and there
was nothing in it.
 "Why isnt there anything in it?" Tenchi asked
 "because the pictures in it belongs to two lovers" Haunti said
 abruptly "Oh no the Dance is about to start!" Tenchi said looking at
his watch.
 "Lets go!" Haunti said running towards the dance
 When they got there Ryoko was waiting "may I have this dance" Ryoko
said.
 "but.. what about Haunti?" Tenchi said
 "go have fun Tenchi" Haunti said and she turned and leaned against the
wall.
 Tenchi danced with Ryoko. he tried to ask Haunti to dance but another
one of the girls wanted to dance with Tenchi.
 Haunti didn't even dance the fast dances just leaned against the wall.
 Finally at the last dance Tenchi Managed his way to Haunti.
 "May I Have this dance Haunti?"
 Haunti blushed "yes Tenchi" and Tenchi put his left arm around her
waist and the other on her sholder and they danced.
 The song was "The Dance" By Garth Brooks.
 as the song faded to the end they looked at eachother and Inched closer
and then finally they held eachother close and they gave eachother a
long and passonate kiss. Haunti's right leg lifted from the kiss. as
they kissed the song ended. when they broke the kiss they looked into
eachothers eyes.
Tenchi then Broke the silence and said "I love you Haunti"
 Haunti steped back and turned around and ran off at full speed.
 "Haunti wait" Tenchi started running after her but it was no use he
just stood on the dance floor his Head Down and a tear hit the floor as
he felt his heart crush.
 Late that night everybody was asleep but Haunti was still no where to
be found. Tenchi worried himself to sleep wondering where Haunti is and
shuddering at the thought of her being hurt.
 In the lab Washu and Xodis were working overtime for all they missed
when they were at the fair. Xodis was walking around testing on how the
creatures reacted to certain things.
 Washu walked up to Xodis and helped him. when they were done they stood
by a titanium wall. Washu took Xodis and Pinned him against the wall and
gave him a slow long passionate kiss. Washu then ripped his shirt off to
the ground exposing his chest.
 Amused at what Washu was doing Xodis said "you know if you wanted this
you just could of asked"
 "it wouldnt of been fun that way." she said and then Xodis took her
shirt and slowly pulled it off exposing her bra. he unlaced her bra and
it fell on the floor reveiling her breasts. they were beautiful the
nipples were perfect and pink.
 Washu then knelt down and pulled down Xodises pants and then played
with his cock and balls. she stood up and Xodis knelt down and pulled
down her pants and then slowly pulled down her panties. his boxers hit
the floor and she grew close to him. she took his cock and put it in her
clit. the both moaned in pleasure and pain. they sank to the floor. he
pumped harder and harder
 "dont stop! harder harder!" Washu yelled in pleasure
 and harder he did harder and deeper into her they both cummed
unaminusly.
 they had orgazms together as they felt the juices pouring inside. Washu
during it covered Xodis with kisses and moved up and down his cock
moaning with pleasure. when the time came the seperated and washu laid
beside Xodis and laid her head on his chest
 "you were great" the both said and slowly drifted off to sleep.

                               THE END

Now how do you like that one? and dont stop after this one theres plenty
more of these to come. and during the song sequence when the pictures
appeared dont get mad at that because its the only way to explain it so
youll understand. ok dont stop looking for Haunti yet keep watching for
Haunti V: Confusing Emotions
