The Legal Info.... Cource I don own these characters the characters
belong to the creaters of Tenchi Muyo ,Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In
Tokyo. so don sue Im broke.

 The next moning the Jurians left quite early. they didn't even stay
long enough to have breakfast. Sasami and Uvin were ,as usual, up with
the sun and making breakfast. Washu and Xodis were on the couch bushed
because they had just spent the last hour detoxifying the whole
downstairs making it safe to eat off the table or even sit. They were
angery at their kids for they had fucked their way through the whole
downstairs.
 Famari and Ryoko were outside still sleeping naked. after the Jurians
had left Yugami landed Barcid and Kyone came out first their hair
frizzled. and then Mihoshi and Plasca whos clothes werent on quite
right.
 "Breakfast will be ready in an hour get everybody up." Sasami said to
everybody who was awake.
 "Ok I'll wake up Famari and Ryoko" Barcid said while walking over to
where Famari and Ryoko lay and kicked Famari "Get up"
 "Huh? what the hell? its morning?" Famari woke up then he woke up
Ryoko. they Phased into their clothes.
 "Ryoko, Famari Wake up Ayeka and Vari and tell them breakfast will be
ready soon." Uvin said.
 "Oh all right" Ryoko and Famari floated up into the Bedroom Corridor.
They walked to Ayeka's room because it was the closest. Famari poked his
head through Ayeka's door but no one was there.
 "no one here lets wake up Vari Ayeka must already be up." Famari walked
down to Vari's room and poked his head through. When he had poked it out
his was whiter than the time he caught Xodis and Washu.
 "Oh come on Famari unless Xodis and Washu made they're way...." Ryoko
poked her head through Vari's door. her face went white. she saw Vari
and Ayeka naked Hugging eachother. Ryoko poked her head out. "Did I just
see what I think I saw?"
 Famari knodded blankly. Ryoko and Famari couldn't keep a strait face
they burst out into laughter.
 Inside the room Vari and Ayeka opened they're eyes. "Busted" they both
said listening to the laughter.
 Famari and Ryoko walked downstairs talently keeping a strait face.
"they'll be down in a second." Famari said keeping back his laughter.
 "Ok" Uvin said and looked at Sasami "lets get up Tenchi and Haunti the
food wont need tending till 10 minutes."
 Uvin and Sasami ran upstairs. they opened the door to see Tenchi and
Haunti on the ground covered in a sheet. Uvin tapped the back of
Tenchi's head.
 Tenchi slowly opened his eyes and looked up. "um Haunti I would get up
right now." Tenchi said shakily.
 Haunti groaned and opened her eyes. "But why Tenchi?...Ah!" Haunti and
Tenchi jumped to they're feet the sheet covering their privite areas.
 Uvin and Sasami turned crimson "Breakfast is about ready" the both
said.
 "Thank you Sasami and Uvin we will be down soon." Haunti and Tenchi
said scratching the back of their heads nearly letting the sheet slip
but caught it in the last moment.
 Uvin and Sasami left shutting the door behind them. Haunti just put on
a shirt and thought for a minute. "Hey Tenchi..." Haunti locked the
door. "How bout a quicky?" Tenchi turned around and Haunti jumped on him
grabbed the shirt he had just put on twirled around and landed on
Tenchi's bed. Tenchi felt the warm wet cunt through his shirt and
instantly got an erection. "Happy to see me?" Haunti asked feeling the
erection. "lemme help you." Haunti tore off Tenchi's shirt. she kissed
down his chest. She licked the erection and spiriled it like usual.
Tenchi groaned with pleasure. It didn't take long for his cock to stifle
and spray semon into Haunti's mouth. Haunti as usual swalowed the semon.
Tenchi desided to turn the tables so he rolled Haunti over and without
messing with her shirt he made his way down to her cunt.
 Tenchi started licking the clit making Haunti moan with estatic
pleasure. Tenchi kept licking making Haunti moan and then expload.
Tenchi licked up all of her cum smiling.
 Haunti rolled Tenchi and moved down to his cock and let it insert her.
she began to ride up and down his cock moaning with pleasure. Tenchi's
cock Stifled and sprayed a load of semon into her. Haunti Cummed at the
same time Tenchi did. Tenchi Turned Haunti around and began giving her
it up the ass. Haunti moved with the motion rolling her eyes up in her
head she was nearing her climax. "Harder!" she urged Tenchi "HARDER!"
she urged again. Tenchi did as comanded thrusting harder and Haunti
screamed as Tenchi sprayed a load of semon into her and she reached her
climax. Tenchi seperated from her and layed breathlessly looking at the
ceiling.
 "Oh god we're almost late for breakfast!" Tenchi said scrambling for
his clothes.
 "Your right!" Haunti said changing shirts for the one she had was
soaked. She got into some good clothes that were just the right fit. She
then opened up a jewlery box and put on the braclet she was givin for
her birthday by Tenchi. She then picked up the locket she usauly wears.
She opened it up and saw the picture of her and Tenchi in it. She sighed
and put it to her chest looking out to the distance.
 "C'mon Haunti I'd like to eat breakfast" Tenchi rushed her.
 Haunti broke her thoughts "coming Tenchi." She closed the locket and
put it on. They started slowly down the Corridor.
 "Tenchi I have to say something..." Haunti began.
 "Over Breakfast Haunti" Tenchi Interupted. They walked to the table
just in time for breakfast.
 "So you two are back together congradulations" Famari said.
 "Thank you and we couldn't be happier." Tenchi said sitting down Haunti
did the same. They're Breakfast was already infront of them and they
started eating.
 Tenchi started drinking his orange juice. before Drinking her Orange
juice Haunti said into her cup "Oh yeah Im late." Tenchi spit out his
Orange juice and looked at Haunti. Haunti knodded and Tenchi passed out.
"Tenchi!" Haunti put Tenchi's head in her lap took a wet rag and dabbed
his head.
 Tenchi woke up his first words were "are you sure?" Haunti knodded.
 "Congradulations Haunti" Vari said kind of cheerfully.
 "Im finally going to get a Grandson!" Noboyuki said teary eyed.
 "Haunti may I see you in the lab after Breakfast?" Xodis and Washu
asked.
 "Yes" Haunti answered.
 "Late?" Uvin, Sasami, Mihosho, and Plasca were confused by the term
late.
 "Haunti is pregnant" Famari said to keep they're confusion down.
 Tenchi was still on the ground his head in Haunti's lap. He smiled
weakly "Im happy for us I guess."
 Haunti put her hand on her womb "this is why I took a walk last night."

 "Oh" Tenchi said and got up. Tenchi hugged Haunti. "Im glad."
 They continued with dinner. After Dinner Haunti walked into the lab.
"Haunti take off your clothes and stand right there." Xodis said and
pointed to a spotlight. Haunti did as comanded and they started to study
her. "Now we are going to perform some standerd tests" Xodis hooked
Haunti up to a Heart meter. "Ok Haunti this is a standerd test now think
of Me and Washu." The Heart meter went up a bit and on the holo computer
showed her mind tracks. Deep respect love and happyness. "Ok now think
of Ryoko and Famari." the Heartmeter jumped higher. nothing else
changed. "Ok now Vari and Ayeka." the heart meter dropped. It showed
frustraition a little respect and a bit of love. "Ok now Barcid and
Kiyone." Heartmeter rose a deep respect love and happyness. "Now Plasca
and Mihoshi" nothing changed. "Now Uvin and Sasami." Nothing changed
again. "Now think about Tenchi." The heart meter exploaded.
 "Sorry" Haunti said looking at the remains.
 "No problem." Washu said. "Now we are going to perform other tests."
Washu typed at her holo labtop and the labtop scanned her. Washu and
Xodises eyes grew big looking at the power meter. "This part will take a
while you better go out for a while."
 "Ok" Haunti said and started to walk out.
 "Arn't you forgetting somthing?" Washu asked
 "Oh" Haunti turned crimson remembering she's still naked. she put on
her clothes fast. Haunti ran out.
 Outside of the lab she heard a fight. "Ryoko! Famari we can explain!"
 "Yeah explain that your fucking good Idea" chuckled Famari.
 "No we were uh..." Vari said searching for an excuse.
 "Fucking?" Ryoko said nearly bursting out in laughter.
 "Oh Ryoko and Famari your impossable!" Ayeka and Vari said hmphing.
 "always been always will be." Famari said comically.
 Haunti ran out of the house. *"I better tell grandpa"* Haunti thought
and she ran up to the shrine.
 When Haunti Arrived at the shrine Zenek was not there. on the pillow
that was attached to the sleeping bag that Zenek slept in there was a
note. Haunti picked up the note and unfolded it. it read

      Dear Haunti,
Your training is done and My use in your world is finished. Your power
is growing I can feel it. nothing can stand in your way now. Please my
grand-daughter love Tenchi as much as you can, and love your child as
much as Tenchi. I am happy for you and Tenchi, and I wish you two and
your baby will live a long happy life. Remember train yourself every day
and eat healthy. Make me proud.

Your Loving Grandfather

Zenek

 Haunti looked at the note with utter surprise. "He knew all along..."
Haunti gazed into the distance.
 Meanwhile near the house Ryoko and Famari were taking a walk. "Its
beautiful isn't it Famari?" Ryoko looked at Famari.
 Famari laughed "you have been here much longer than I have and you
still say its beautiful?"
 "well..." Ryoko twirled her finger on Famari's chest. "everything is
beautiful with you with me"
 Famari chuckled "touche"
 A light voice came from the woods "Oh look at you two such a good
young  couple"
 "Huh?" Ryoko and Famari faced the woods.
 A man walked out of the woods. he was blonde and his eyes were blue.
"Get em boys" The man said and pointed to Ryoko and Famari. four little
ugly creature's jumped out of the woods and restrained Ryoko and Famari.

 "Hey! what the hell are you doing to us?" Famari yelled.
 "capturing you, you see we are going to hold you hostage." The blonde
man smirked.
 Haunti although at the shrine heard Famari's yell. she ran down the
stairs and grabbed her 2 yard long stick. she jumped up and landed right
next to the scene. Everybody else was coming there and Ryoko and Famari
were just being put into a huge ship. "Stop right there Sarvice!" Haunti
yelled.
 The Blonde man turned around "how did you know it was me?"
 "you were always a party crasher. you destroyed my grandfather's
shrine, You neerly killed me, now this?!" Haunti yelled.
 "yes" chuckled Sarvice.
 "this is stopping now!" Haunti got in fighting position. Sarvice
unsheathed his sword and charged. he swung his sword and Haunti parried
with one end of her stick. Haunti tried to strike him with the other
side Sarvice pulled his sword back and swung. "Ahh!" Haunti grabbed her
sholder and blood stained her shirt. Haunti looked up furious.
 Sarvice stepped in fear he swore her eyes flashed from brown to green.
Haunti spun around hitting him and then jabbed her stick into Savice.
Sarvice's pupil's dilated and he kneeled to the ground. the stick had
gone through his stomach. Sarvice gasped for air then chuckled. "you may
have suceeded in killing me but your friends are gone." he wispered and
disappeared through death.
 Haunti looked up and the ship that they loaded Famari and Ryoko in. it
took off and waqs in space in no time. "Damnit!" Haunti stomped.
 Tenchi and the rest of the gang ran up to her. "what was that?" Tenchi
asked.
 "Just an old foe the important right now is they have Ryoko and Famari
we must get them." Haunti looked down and Monic was sitting there. "ah
just the thing I was looking for." Haunti picked Monic up and threw him
into the air. Monic turned into a ship bigger than Ryo-Ohki.
 "Im coming with you" Tenchi followed Haunti.
 "No Tenchi" Haunti said firmly. "Im going alone and don't dare come in
the ship with me!" a Transit beam came apon Haunti and she was lifted.
she appeared in Monic and Monic blasted off.
 "cmon we'll follow them in Ryo-Ohki and Yugami." Tenchi said and threw
Ryo-Ohki into the air. Ryo-Ohki turned into her ship form. Tenchi rose
in the Transit beam. Ayeka, Vari, Xodis, and Washu followed.
 Sasami, Uvin, Kyone, Barcid, Mihoshi, and Plasca took off on Yugami.
They all followed Haunti into space who was upcoming a Huge spaceship.
 Haunti and Monic came closer to the huge ship. in the ship stood a man
with light purple hair. he chuckled "Goodbye Haunti I wish I could of
met you." The man said and pressed a button. A huge cannon came out and
shot Monic with a huge beam. Monic engulfed by the beam and when the
beam cleared there was no sign of Monic.
 "Noooooooo!" Tenchi couldn't beleive what he had seen. "Haunti is...."
Tenchi's tear hit the ground. He raised his head angry "Who ever you are
I will kill you! You killed the woman I love! you will pay mark my
words!" Tenchi yelled aproching the ship.

                                      THE END

A lil suspencive eh? oh well keep watching for
Haunti XII: The Secret Uncovered