The Legal Info.... Cource I don own these characters the characters
belong to the creaters of Tenchi Muyo ,Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In
Tokyo. so don sue Im broke.

 Tenchi woke up in his bed. He had spent most the early morning with
Haunti. He searched and Haunti wasn't with him. He got up got his
clothes on and walked downstairs. No one was at the table. He walked up
to Sasamia and Uvin who were talking in the living room. "where is
everybody is breakfast ready?"
 "Yeah" Uvin chuckled "about two hours ago you slept late."
 "Haunti mustve too" Tenchi said
 "Nope she was up before me." Sasami said.
 Tenchi gave a confused look. "but how....?" Tenchi began to himself.
 "Don't worry Ayeka just got up too she..." Sasami was interupted by a
loud yell of Ayeka's from outside.
 "What the?" Tenchi said and ran out. Haunti and Ayeka were fighting.
Tenchi ran over to them and became the refferie "Alright you two break
it up." Tenchi said and the girls looked at him. "okay what is this all
about."
 Both Haunti and Ayeka started to tell their sides of the story at the
same time.
 "wo wo wo girls One at a time." Tenchi ordered.
 "Ok me first." Haunti said.
 "Ok Haunti whats your story?" Tenchi asked.
 "Oh sure let the tramp go first Tenchi." Ayeka said under her breath.
 "I have a good teacher Ayeka." Haunti chuckled and began with the
story. "well after you went to bed I desided to stay up. well I played
songs all night untill I smelt Sasamis and Uvins cooking. I got up
walked in the House and ate. I spent a little time minglying when Ayeka
came downstairs. she was looking the Best she looked in all the time I
met her." Haunti smirked "baggy eyes also bloodshot. and her hair was so
bad I swear I saw horns. angry because she missed breakfast she looked
out to see Ry-Uohs tree and saw my piano. She ran up to it angerly and
tried to cut it up with her sythe. Thank god I intersepted her sythe and
punched her to the ground than you came."
 Ayeka started to protest to the story but was interupted by Tenchi "so
this fight is all about the Piano?" Tenchis face was a little angry.
Haunti and Ayeka nevously knodded. "well first of all..." He turned to
Haunti "You shouldn't of punched her you couldve just told not to do
that." Haunti looked shalow and Ayeka giggled. "And Ayeka" Tenchi shot
Ayeka an angry look. "Taking out that sythe to slash somthing thats not
yours for no good reason is worse." Tenchi stood firmly. "Do you
understand?"
 Haunti and Ayeka both knodded and Tenchi angrily walked off. Haunti
gave a hmph and sat down on her piano. she then played Fur Elise on her
piano. She closed her eyes and swayed to the music. She then began to
have visons of a woman. she looked like Haunti but different. This
womans hair was like Washus exept kind of a black color. the rat tail
and they handed to her back sholders. The woman was in fighting clothes
like Ryokos but the colors were reversed. where the black part of ryokos
face when she was in her battle clothes there was a crimson red. In her
hand was a solid gold colored stick. Finaly her eyes were green. She
then saw a battle between that woman and a man with short light purple
hair. Haunti could actually feel the pain that the woman had in the
battle. She lost her breath in the pain.
 Hauntis eyes opened startled. she breathed heavy and got back into
reality. she could barely see. her eyes were blurred. when she finally
came to everybody was looking over her and she was on her back. "Whats
wrong what did I do?" Haunti said  worried.
 "You made some painful grunts and fell on your back we rushed to see
whats wrong." Informed Famari. and added "what happened?"
 "Oh" Haunti said and then explained about the girl. Famaris eyes lit up
in fear yet tried to remain confertable. He gulped and walked off. Ryoko
did the same.
 Everybody left after reasuring Haunti was alright.
 Haunti and Tenchi walked up the stairs to the shrine. Haunti turned to
Tenchi "why did you yell at me?"
 "well you overeacted you could of jus..." Tenchi said and was
interupted.
 "just what!? Tell me to stop!? she overeacted!" Haunti said angerly
almost screaming.
 Tenchi raised his voice "hey! dont yell at me! stop being a bitch!"
 "What!?" Haunti yelled. "Did you just call me a bitch!?" Haunti's eyes
glowed with anger "why you son of a...!"
 "Excuse me" a voice came from three steps below them. "where is a Mr
Zenek?"
 Haunti and Tenchi turned and looked where the voice was coming from. It
was Funaho. They knodded and pointed to the shrine. after Funaho was out
of sight Haunti stormed off angry at tenchi.
 Funaho made her way up the steps. On the top Katsuhito and Zenek were
sparring. "ha! you keep up that pace you might make me sweat!" Zenek
said chuckling. this made Katsuhito a little angry. Katsuhito tried to
slice at Zenek but Zeneks stick intersepted making the top of Katsuhitos
stick fly off. Katsuhito made a move for his other stick but Zenek
swiftly grabed Katsuhitos stick and x-ed it on Katsuhitos neck. "you
know a warrior can have more than one weapon but its no good if they are
not swift enough to grab it before the opponent knows."
 "Oh come on Zenek hes not nearly as good as a fighter as you" Funaho
said.
 Zenek startled looked where the voice was coming from. The out of the
blue he He turned young about the age that Funaho looked and smiled.
"little sister!" Zenek said in his new young form. he ran at her scooped
Funaho up and spun her around. When he finally set her down "how the
hell have you been?"
 "Fine and I see you've been doing fine." Funaho said.
 Zenek knodded then as if realizing somthing his smile faded. "Azusa's
here with you isn't he?"
 Katsuhito now into his younger Yosho form interupted confused. "now
wait a minute I dont remember having an uncle like that!"
 Funaho and Zenek laughed. "No" Funaho said trying to control herself.
"that was just his nick name for me Yosho."
 Zenek looked surprised. "This is little Yosho?"
 Funaho knodded and then surprised said "how do you know about Yosho?
you were presumed dead chasing Famari over 3000 years ago before me and
Azusa was married."
  Zenek smirked "when I slipped that ring on your finger I became
connected with you. I know nearly everything."
 "huh? so you meen he was your former fiancee mother?" Yosho said
confused.
 "yes, yes he was" Funaho answered.
 "Then what happened?" Yosho asked.
 "well it started nearly 3000 years ago." Funaho said and had a
flashback.
 Funaho and Zenek were standing on a large ship. "I don't beleive that
Azusa invited us to Juriah" Funaho said excitingly. her face then went
to a worried state. "but what if we are attacked Zenek?"
 "don't worry my lovly bride-to-be Funaho if needed Versod can take a
hit from anything." Zenek said. Zeneks hair was a chest-nut brown and
his eyes were an inviting purple. Funaho and Zeneks Physical age at the
time were 25. "what Im really conserned about is Azusa attacking" Zenek
muttered.
 "What do you meen?" Funaho said confused.
 "well he clearly has the hots for you. why do you think I came along?"
Zenek said. "the invitation clearly said 'Funaho' and of cource he
hasn't met me"
 Funaho shook her head and chuckled "your so cute." she said and kissed
Zenek.
 Zenek chuckled in imbarrasment then a window popped up it was Azusa.
"Unidenified Ship! Idendenify yourself!" Asuza said.
 "Its me Asuza and this ship is Versod." Funaho answered.
 "Oh" Azusa said and closed the window.
 "hmm that was confertable" Zenek joked "now where was I?" Funaho
started kissing him. "oh yeah there" He joked as Funaho laughed at his
dry sence of humor.
 Nearly an hour later they showed up in the throne room on Juriah.
"Hello Funaho...." Azusa said then noticed Zenek. "whos that?"
 "This is Zenek my fiancee, Azusa." Funaho answered and Zenek extended
his hand.
 Azusa sat down clearly hurt and feeling stupid. he sighed and invited
them to dinner. they talked during dinner and Funaho bragged about Zenek
being a great swordsman.
 After dinner Azusa asked Zenek "so Funaho tells me your a great
swordsman is that true?"
 "thats what they call me why?" Zenek said.
 "well how would you like to be a universal hero?" Azusa said.
 "Im listening" Zenek said.
 "well The Space Pirate Famari has got to be stopped wll you do it?"
Azusa asked.
 "well..." Zenek said "yes he should be coming up to earth now shouldn't
he?"
 "yes" Azusa smirked.
 The Flashback ended "The next day Zenek boarded his ship Versod with
out me." Funaho said "he presumed dead a month later. I then married
your father."
 "Wow" Yosho said amazed by the story.
 "so Zenek what have you been doing?" Funaho asked.
 "nothing, training my grand-daughter, keeping the heart of Versod alive
so I can stay alive." Zenek said.
 Meanwhile at the house. "Sasami!" Misaki was at the house mistaking
Haunti for Sasami. "You died your hair black grew a rat tail! look at
you your only wearing a black bra and jeans Sasami!" Misaki was near to
tears.
 "Im not Sasami" Haunti said through her teeth. "thats Sasami" she
pointed to Sasami who was talking to Uvin.
 "Sasami!" Misaki hugged Sasami
 Ayeka at that moment came through the door with Vari as Famari and
Ryoko looked on. Misaki looked at Ayeka confused. "now Famari Ryoko and
exspecailly Haunti I am about to do somthing you can tease me about Im
telling you now not to." Ayeka said and then breathed in deep. In a
child like voice "My Mommy!"
 "Oh little Ayeka!" Misaki said and hugged Ayeka.
 Haunti turned to Famari "whos the bigger idiot the mother or the
daughter?"
 Misakis eyes grew angry and she walked up to Haunti who was leaning
against a wall. "are you insulting me and my daughter?"
 "It would seem so." Haunti then added "now if I were you I would step
back about three feet."
 "are you threatining me?" Misaki asked.
 "no Ma'am Im Guaranteeing you" Haunti said and then punched Misaki to
the ground. Haunti walked off.
 Haunti walked outside looking in the sky. She the noticed Tenchi
walking down from the shrine. Instead of her instictive Tackle on Tenchi
she jumped up and perched above the porch.
 Tenchi just looked to the sky sighed and walked inside. Hours later
nearly dark a rumble started. A huge Jurian ship appeared in the sky.
Everybody rushed out of the house. Ryo-Ohki in her human form and A
small boy with wings who apperentally was Monic in his human came out
also. Even Zenek, Funaho, and Yosho ran down from the shrine. Azusa
appeared on the back porch the pond behind him.
 "Father what are you doing here?" Ayeka asked.
 "Ive come again to take you ba..." Then Azusa noticed Zenek.
 "you look like youve seen a ghost." Zenek said with a smile.
 "I think I am" Azusa said fearfuly. "I didnt think youd die Zenek"
 "Im not dead." Zenek said "now continue."
 "well Ayeka Ive come to take you back." Azusa said looking at Ayeka.
 Ayeka wimpered for she knew Tenchi wouldnt fight for her again and she
drooped her head down and started to walk toward Azusa.
 Vari then wispered somthing to Famari and Famari knodded.
 "no one will fight for you huh?" Azusa said.
 a blade of a sword then came down right infront of Ayeka "I will fight"
came Vari's voice.
 "Vari?" Ayeka said looking at Vari's face which was set on Azusa.
 "whats that sword?" Ryoko asked looking at Famari.
 "its a powerful sword. not mine but a powerful one. supposably
indestructible." Famari wispered and then they payed attention again.
 "fine" Azusa said and summoned a ship. Seiryou came out of the ship
sword in hand. "Seiryou has been training hard." Azusa smirked.
 "Then lets fight." Vari rushed at Seiryou. Seiryou tried to parry but
the sword flew out of his hand.
 "What? That easily!? ok then I will fight and I will kill you!" Azusa
said angerly then unsheathed a sword much like the one Vari had. not a
blink of an eye there was a quick spark and the blade of Azusa's sword
flew off the hilt and spinned in the air. it landed right beside Azusa.
"what?!" Azusa stared at the hilt. Azusa then turned around to see
Famari standing in a fighting position sword in hand and back to Azusa.
 "Not on my clock" Famari said and then looked at Azusa. "it seems this
fight is over" Famari turned completly around and sheathed his sword.
 After Azusa completly recovered from the shock he said "come on Funaho
come Misaki lets go."
 Zenek stepped forward "No Azusa" Azusa turned around. "stay the night
its almost dark."
 Azusa started to shake his head but stopped and then considered it. "ok
Zenek we will."
 The dinner was Interesting Misaki kept talking to Ayeka and Sasami in
that annoying voice as Haunti, irked at this thumped her fingers fast.
She didn't talk to Tenchi through the whole dinner. Tenchi and Haunti
sat back to back.
 After dinner Zenek (in his young form) and Funaho took a walk. it was a
chilly night. a light breeze blew in their face. "You know Funaho this
will be our last night ever seing eachother" Zenek said.
 "What do you meen Zen..." Funaho started but was hushed by Zenek
 "I am not talking about it." and he walked on.
 minutes went by and the pause stayed. it wasnt till a half an hour.
Funaho then interupted the pause "Zenek I will ask you of a request.
could you kiss me one last time."
 Zenek considered this He then took her and slowly locked her in a long
passionate kiss.
 Meanwhile at the house Haunti was talking to Famari and Ryoko.
 "So... who was that woman Famari" Haunti asked.
 Famari started protest against telling her but he couldn't "there once
was a woman. long ago, she was an assasin. when I first saw her I was
young and scared. she killed many people. I luckly escaped her grasp.
That womans name was Haunti. a name like yourself but she was nothing
like you I can assure that."
 Haunti was astonished by this and they talked through the night.
 At the Black of the night everybody went to sleep. Washu made rooms for
the visiters and Haunti slept in her old room. as what people
thoughteverybody was asleep Tenchi noticed how cold it was in his bed
alone.
 Ayeka was outside looking at the moon from the dock. Ayeka looked
around and slipped her hand down her kimono.
 "Miss Ayeka" Varis voice came from behind her.
 Ayeka turned crimson and quickly took her hand out of her kimono. "what
are you doing up Vari?"
 "looking at the moon and noticed you were out here alone." Vari
answered.
 "Vari..." Ayeka changed the subject "why did you fight for me?"
 "I dont know" Vari answered "I just did"
 They looked at the moon "isn't it romantic the glare of the moon?"
Ayeka asked.
 "I would suppose" Vari said looking at the moon. They turned to
eachother. They inched closer and locked in a long passionate kiss. Vari
opened Ayekas Kimono. she was wearing nothing underneath.
 "brr Its chilly out here." Ayeka said shakily.
 "your right" Vari lifted Ayeka and walked very slowly walked to his
room. Uvin wasnt sleeping in there for he was in his own seperate room.
Vari locked the doors and slowly walked to Ayeka. he opened her kimono
exposing her breasts and cunt. Vari cupped Ayekas breasts and sucked on
them. Ayeka slightly moaned. Vari caressed her nipple with his tounge.
Vari took his other hand and rubbed her other tit.
 Ayeka moaned the juices flowing from her clit. Vari slowly disconnected
from the Tit and slow kissed his way down to her soaking clit. Vari
licked it making Ayeka nearly scream with pleasure. *"my god what am I
doing this is against Jurian ways and Im sure against his ways and..."*
Ayeka thought "Oh God!" Ayeka cummed all over Varis face and Vari licked
it up. he climbed up Ayeka and kissed her lips.
 "I'll try to keep this as painless as possible" Vari wispered and
slowly entered his cock into her making Ayeka gasp in the pain. tears
grew at the corner of her eyes with every punp she gasped more
pleasurable each time. Ayeka then grabed Vari and flipped him over and
started riding up and down his cock. she arched her back screaming with
pleasure. she felt a warm sensation in herand had her very first orgazm
of her life. with her last strap of strength she got up and layed next
to Vari and hugged him for warmth. the fell asleep muttering eachothers
names.
 Meenwhile downstairs Ryoko and Famari were having hot kinky sex. Ryoko
in leather stalkings. Famari and Ryoko rolled from the couch to the
dining table to the kitchen top to mid air fucking eachothers brains
out. Moaning with pleasure and kissing eachother all over.
 In the lab Washu and Xodis observed their children. every move every
motion they watched. "interesting" Xodis said observing.
 "very" Washu looked over his shoulder observing as well. Xodis looked
up and kissed Washu deeply. And they slowly slipped off eachothers
cloths.
 on Yugami Plasca and Mihoshi were having their first time together
gasping and fucking and cumming all over the room.
 Kiyone and Barcid were pretty much doin the same. yet rollin around the
floor doin different possitions every 5 minutes.
 All this time Tenchi was in his room rollin around trying to get to
sleep, but sleep was impossable. without Haunti by his side he could not
sleep at all. Thirstily from tossing and turning for a few hours. He
walked out of his room and then bumped into another person. "oh Im
sorry..." then he relized it was Haunti.
 Haunti turned her back on him. She didnt say a word.
 "Haunti..." he then noticed that Haunti was in travel clothes. "Haunti
dont go away. I know what your thinking "Why shouldn't I?" because its
not worth it." Haunti gave a hmph and turned her face to the right.
"Haunti... this is the main reason I don want you to go." Tenchi's grew
tears "not only my bed but my life is cold without you. I would rather
die a million deaths then know that I would never see that warming
smile, Hear that beautiful voice, and touch that lovly skin ever again."
Tenchi's voice was weak from this he nearly broke into tears.
 "Really Tenchi?" Haunti said in a firm voice holding back her laughter.
"do you really feel that way?"
 "Yes Haunti." Tenchi knodded.
 Haunti burst into laughter and turned to Tenchi, "You know I was just
coming back from a walk Tenchi."
 Tenchi went Crimson. "You Did?"
 "Yes why would I leave?" she Hugged Tenchi "I forgave you while
walking"
 Tenchi smirked and kissed her long and deep. their tounges explored
eachother and they bumped against the walls like they were drunk in a
stangers house. they looked for the door locked in the passionate kiss.
Haunti nearly slammed Tenchi against his door. They noticed and tried to
open the door. Its seemed that they forgot how to. finally Haunti turned
the knob and it flung open making Haunti fall on the floor and Tenchi
neerly landing on her but caught himself with his knees. Despite falling
they were still locked in the kiss. They kicked the door closed and
presuming the kiss. They started tearing away at their clothes. They
stood up  Haunti in nothing but panties and Tenchi wearing nothing but
boxers.
 Tenchi took his left hand and caressed her right breast. He slowly slid
his right hand, slid it down her panties and masterbated her. Haunti
moaned as Tenchi started to suck on her right breast. The Juices flew
from Haunti's cunt, salivia dripped out the corner of her mouth. She
exploaded soaking her panties.
 Haunti smiled and looked in Tenchi's eyes. She then took the brim of
his boxers and pushed him back Tearing off his boxers. She threw the
torn boxers back and knelt down where Tenchis long hard cock was. She
gently licked up and down his cock. She spirled toward the head and then
started sucking. licking Tenchi's shaft in her mouth and sucked up and
down not letting the cock completly leave her mouth. It didn't take long
for his cock to stifle and explode in Haunti's mouth. Haunti gladly
swallowed the semon. Haunti stood up and looked at Tenchi sexily. She
helped Tenchi up to his feet. Tenchi wasted not time he took the brim of
her soaking wet panties and tore them off.
 He layed Haunti down and slowly inserted her. Haunti cried out in
pleasure as her entered her. He started thrusting into her. Haunti
nearly screamed with pleasure. As Haunti felt a familier warm sensation
of Tenchi's seman in her she cluched the carpet for she was on the floor
and exploaded her own cum. They felt motionless untill Tenchi grabbed
Haunti and spun her around. He hugged her from the back and started
thrusting into her ass.
 Haunti had never taken it up the ass before and she moaned. Haunti
lifted her arms over her head and began to hug the back of Tenchi's head
try as she might she could not reach the back of his head with both
arms. so she grasped the back of his head with her right arm for she was
laying on her left side. by this time Tenchi's thrusts became slow and
passionate moves. Haunti was moving back and forth with every move. She
moaned with pleasure while cluching the back of Tenchi's head dippin it
and kissing him long and passionatly as they moved. Tenchi's cock
stifled and exploaded a load of seman into her making Haunti's juices
flow a small river. They were still locked in that passionalte kiss.
exploring eachothers mouths with eachothers tounges. much unwanted they
disconnected both from the kiss and from eachother. Tenchi hugged Haunti
from the back trying to keep his cock down. Haunti looked ito Tenchi's
eyes smiled and kissed him gently on the lips.
 she turned her head layed it gently on the floor. Tenchi didn't want
her to be unconfertable so he put a pillow under her head. She slowly
drifted off to sleep. Tenchi pulled a sheet to them and covered them.
Tenchi twirled her hair watching her sleep. He noticed some thing he had
noticed before but didn't give much thought to. He noticed that on her
right arm was a crimson read bandana tied to cover something
evedentally. and under it a tattoo of a strange symble he had never
seen. He looked at it for a while but then slowly drifted to sleep.
 Down the hall was Ayeka's room. Sasami was in that room but not alone.
Uvin was sitting on a futon across her. The candle light showed their
faces. "wonder what their doing" Sasami said hearing the loud noises.
 "so do I" He said then fiddled his hands. "look a rabbit" he had made a
rabbit shadow puppet with the light of the candle.
 Sasami giggled "Thats cute"
 Uvin fiddled with his hands again "look its Monic" He said looking at
his shadow puppet of a cat with wings.
 Sasami giggled and fiddled with her hands. she couldn't make anything
and she drooped her head. "I can't do it" a tear hit the floor.
 Uvin grabbed her hands and made a shape with em "you can look its
Ryo-Ohki" Uvin smiled and looked at the shadow puppet he helped Sasami
make.
 Sasami smiled and looked into Uvin's eyes. "Thank you" she said and
just looked into Uvin's eyes. They closed their eyes grew closer and
their lips pressed together. when they broke away they looked at
eachother their faces crimson.
 "Um Uh I think I will sleep over in that corner" Uvin said and dragged
his futon to the far end of the room.
 "Good Idea" Sasami said shakily. Monic in his cat form was on Uvins
futon and he had opened his eyes and mewed. Sasami blew out the candle
and got in her futon.
 Uvin also got into his futon and closed his eyes. *"My god I cant
beleive I kissed her It was weird but I think I liked it"* Uvin thought.

 Sasami kept looking where Uvin was *"He kissed me, huh hes kind of
cute, what am I thinking"* Sasami shook her head.
 Uvin and Sasami closed their eyes and drifted to sleep.

                               THE END

Hope yall liked my part 10 like yall liked the others. a few things Im
sorry I wasn't graphic on most of the Sex scenes but I know yall
wouldn't like to read the same thing over and over. and for those people
who didn't like the fact that I didn't make Sasami and Uvin go at it
come on people have some sence they're 10 years old. thank you for
reading and good night. And keep reading for Haunti XI: A Startling Day.
