The Legal Info.... Cource I don own these characters the characters
belong to the creaters of Tenchi Muyo ,Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In
Tokyo. so don sue Im broke.

 It had been two weeks later. Haunti woke up before Tenchi and watched
him sleep. He slept like an angel but Haunti was getting restless. She
climbed up Tenchi in only her Panties and locked him in a passionate
kiss. Tenchi then woke up.
 "Haunti?" Tenchi said Tirely. "What are you doing up at 5 in the
morning" Tenchi said.
 "This is our last complete weekend together. you have school soon."
Haunti said. *"oh my god did he forget what today is?"* she thought
sadly
 "Oh yeah" Tenchi said watching Haunti.
 "Anything specail we can do?" Haunti asked.
 "l-like what?" Tenchi said.
 "you know" Haunti purred stroking his chest.
 "um uh hmm" Tenchi said
 "go on a date silly!" Haunti said.
 "oh sorry" Tenchi turned crimson.
 "but theres no law..." Haunti purred and gently kissed Tenchi again.
 Tenchi noticed it was about dawn and got up. "cmon Haunti I want us to
share somthing together." Tenchi said and putting on his clothes.
 Haunti nodded and got up. Instead of putting on her usual Jeans and
white shirt she picked up a cyan blue kimono. They walked out and Tenchi
ran ahead. "Hey! wait up! I cant run as fast as usual with this on!"
Haunti yelled. Tenchi ran onto the cliff Haunti followed. When Haunti
finally got onto the cliff she yelled at Tenchi and rased her fist "when
I say slow dow..." she then noticed the sun rise "...oh you sweet man!"
Haunti said enthusiasticly. "but why?"
 "do you really think I would be stupid enough to forget your birthday?"
Tenchi said.
 "oh you did remember!" Haunti said excitingly and then added "you sweet
sweet man! I love you! this is the best present ever!" Haunti then
hugged Tenchi.
 "but this isnt all..." Tenchi said and pulled out a rectangle black
jewlery box and opened it. It was a beautiful golden braclet with 4
small gems on it. "...Happy Birthday Haunti."
 Haunti's eyes swelled up with tears. "Oh its beautiful but how...?"
Haunti started.
 "Just enjoy it" Tenchi interjected. Haunti put it on and held it up.
her eyes were still swelled with tears.
 "you sweet sweet SWEET man Tenchi! I love you!" Haunti said and hugged
Tenchi out of breath. after the hug Tenchi caught his breath and watched
the sun with Haunti. After 7 o'clock Haunti and Tenchi walked to the
house. Haunti hugged Tenchi's arm as they walked.
 When they walked in they were greetedby all the group (exept Kiyone,
Barcid, Plasca, and Mihoshi who were still in space.). Haunti showed off
her new Braclet.
 "How did you get that?" all the girls asked.
 Haunti giggled "Tenchi gave it to me for my Birthday."
 "Its your birthday?" everyone asked exept for the boys who knew.
 "yes" Haunti Knodded "and its turning out to be the best birthday
ever."
 "How we didnt get you a present?" The all asked
 "Oh Contrair Mes Amis" Haunti said "Being here with all of you all of
my friends and with Tenchi is my Birthday Present. I couldnt ask for any
more?"
 Haunti had a light breakfast and jumped up. "where are you going
Haunti?" Tenchi asked.
 "Up to the shrine I have somthin to do with grandpa." Haunti walked
out. she ran up the stairs *"god I hope Im not late."* she thought
running up the stairs. When she got up the stairs she grabbed a 2 yard
stick like a broom handle but for fighting. She flipped up and landed in
battle position. Haunti looked around and Zenek was no where to be
found. She smirked and jumped High into a back flip. in the middle of
the backflip a 1 yard stick hit the ground and stuck. Haunti landed on
her feet and laughed. you think you can fool me with that one again?"
 Zenek jumped infront of Haunti and grabed the stick he threw at her.
The started to spar. it went on parrying and striking untill Tenchi
walked up the stairs. Haunti and Zenek turned to Tenchi "Hello Tenchi"
Zenek said firmly "hmm Katsuhito must of trained you well I might wanna
spar you some time"
 Tenchi noticed Haunti was panting "ummm maybe later" Tenchi said and
thought *"Yeah MUCH Later"*
 Haunti took advantage of Zenek distracted and tripped him with her
stick. she put her stick to his neck "looks like I win"
 "hmm confedence is good..." Zenek said grabbing Haunti's stick and
flipping her to the ground. "... but its foolish with out skill and
tactics." Zenek then pulled back Haunti's stick and thrusted it toward
her. Haunti then pulled out 2 sticks about one yard long each and
stopped the 2 yard stick. Zenek laughed "you are prepared thats good
Haunti... your done for right now."
 "But..." Haunti Began.
 "I will see you at the beginning of fall." Zenek said hastily and
walked off.
 "oh well" Haunti put away her sticks and turned towards Tenchi. Tenchi
noticed that she wasn't wearing her Kimono which mead she was in her bra
and panties, and a drop of blood shot down his nose. "O come on Tenchi
like youve never seen me like this?" Haunti said going on her tiptoes,
and gently kissing him on the lips. She slipped her Cyan Blue Kimono on
and kissed him again.
 "why wearn't you in your Kimono Haunti?" Tenchi asked.
 "I cant move or spar in it." Haunti answered. "hey... do you think its
about time Grandpa knew?"
 "I Guess" Tenchi said nervously. Haunti grabbed his hand and ran to the
back of the shrine where Katsuhito and Zenek were talking.
 "G-grampa?" Haunti said
 "yes Haunti." Zenek looked at Haunti.
 "me and Tenchi are..." Haunti began.
 "lovers?" Zenek finished for her.
 "Howd..." Tenchi and Haunti were confused.
 Monic jumped on Zeneks shoulder. "Lets just say a little bird told me."
Zenek chuckled.
 Tenchi and Haunti were both stunned. they shook their heads and left.
They walked down the steps Haunti hugging his arm. They saw a ship
landing near the house. "Its Yugami" they both said running toward the
ship. "Where have they been?" they both asked running toward the ship.
When they finally got to the ships landing point everybody that was on
the ship stepped out. Everbody greeted them
 "Where have you been you four been you guys elope or somthing?" Haunti
asked jokingly.
 Barcid laughed and said "How'd you guess?" Kiyone a little annoyed hit
Barcids arm although knowing he was joking. "Oh yeah before I forget"
Barcid then pulled out  about 5000 yin. "for you Haunti Happy Birthday."

 Haunti looked at the money it was the most money she seen in a long
time. she gladly took it and smiled "thank you Barcid." she said and
hugged Barcid.
 Barcid looked at her wrist and noticed her braclet "Where'd you get
that?" he asked staring at it.
 "Tenchi gave it to me isn't he sweet?" she answered.
 "hmm hell if he gave me a 10000 yin present Id be lible to call him
sweet too" Barcid joked.
 "10000 yin?" Haunti was awstuck. She then looked at Tenchi "but..." she
started but was interupted by a gentle kiss on the lips by Tenchi.
 "Dont worry about" Tenchi smiled.
 They all mingled and talked untill 4:00 p.m. when Haunti looked at the
clock.
 "Hey Tenchi if we are going to make plans" she smiled gleefully.
 "Ok see you all" Tenchi ran into the house.
 For the next 2 hours Haunti was making plans. she made plans at a 5
star resturaunt. which was pretty hard but using her charm she ot her
way through. She then spent the rest of the time getting her dress. she
usually wasn't so vein but it was her birthday and her Date with the one
she loved. everything had to be perfect.
 At seven o'clock Tenchi was waiting on Haunti. He was sharply dressed
in a suit. A a very dark blue almost black blazer with golden cufflinks.
White shirt under his blazer. A Black tie over his shirt but tucked
under his blazer at the  bottom. and Finnally Completly black suit
pants. his Hair was combed and spiked forward like usual.
 Haunti then walked down the stairs leaving Tenchi breathless. she was
wearing a beautiful dress much like the one she wore at the dance. But
it was red. held up by two red straps it had a crease on the right leg.
it was about to her middle thigh. she had light makeup on. you could
barly notice it. she came with an aroma like the beginning of summer. so
sweet and satisfying. living with Haunti for a little over a month in a
half he knew she didnt have perfume it was natural.
 "How do I look?" Haunti had her sweet, light, and beautiful voice as
usual. Tenchi could smell her sweet and minty breath. and he felt,
beyond his control, a bulge in his pants. noticing this Haunti walked up
to Tenchi and her face a little red but not to much shook her finger "ah
ah ah wait till tonite." and she took his arm.
 They walked out just in time to see the sunset. As they walked the
looked breathlessly at the sunset. it was beautiful. They walked as the
sun slowly into town. The lights had just begun to light up as they came
into town. like a welcoming into the town which it seems as they
exepted.
 Haunti looked around and finally found the resturant. they walked in
and went strait to the desk. "Masaki for two please." Haunti said with a
smile.
 "Ummm oh yeah come this way please." the host said and lead them strait
to  a table by the big window. "I hope its to your likeing mr. and mrs.
Masaki."
 "No My names not Masaki Im Haunti Melavi" Haunti said to correct him.
 "Oh sorry miss Its just you two look..." the waiter began but was
interupted by Haunti.
 "Like a fabulous couple?" Haunti finished for him. The waiter opened up
his mouth to say somthing but desided not to. He walked off.
 The meal was delicious. Rice, noodles, steaks it was good food. and to
wash it down Tenchi ordered a bottle of fine wine.
 "You drink it you know I dont drink." Haunti said looking at the fine
red wine.
 "hmm looks like you already got some whine." Tenchi jokes and poured
two fine glasses of wine. "Its a special night just one glass." Tenchi
said and handed the other glass to her.
 "Fine" she said and took the glass. They talked sipping the fine wine
for the rest of the meal. It Romantic looking at the moon through the
window.
 After the meal Tenchi paid and they left. It was the perfect evening.
The moon was full and they walked in its light. They got to the house
and Haunti desided to stay out for a little while. she was on the side
looking at the moon.
 Tenchi ran up to his room door. on the door was a note. it read meet me
by the tree. Tenchi chuckled "Haunti." and he ran out the door. He ran
to The space tree of Tsunami. when he got there Haunti was not the one
there. he saw purple hair and two long pigtails. "Ayeka?"
 "Tenchi I see you got my note." Ayeka said looking into his eyes. after
that they talked about what all has happened.
 Meanwhile, at the house Haunti walked up stairs and saw the note.
"Tenchi" she said and ran out.
 At the tree Ayeka and Tenchi had stopped talking and they were just
staring into eachothers eyes. Ayeka was getting closer and Tenchi
couldn't help himself. as much as he urged his body moved closer and him
and Ayeka were locked in a long passionate kiss.
 Haunti was climbing her way through the bushes. She finally got to the
tree and saw Tenchi and Ayeka kissing. Her eyes grew wide Her heart felt
like it had snapped in two. She turned and ran tears coming from her
eyes.
 Tenchi heard this and broke the kiss. With out a word to Ayeka he ran
after Haunti. He searched everywere. nothing just like the night of the
dance.
 He walked broken hearted to his room. He walked in and saw black hair
from his window light. Two hands were holding a picture of Haunti and
Tenchi and tear drop landed on the picture. "Haunti?" He looked at her.
 Startled Haunti lifted her head. she said nothing just looked at him
with the look that said 'How could you?'.
 "Im sorry Haunti It was just the moment..." Tenchi said.
 "I can undertand the heart It moves in ways the brain would find
appauling." a tear went down Haunti's cheeks a she spoke.
 Tenchi felt bad looking at her crying. There was no excuse for what he
did. At Tenchi's surprise Haunti was getting up and starting to walk out
the door.
 "Goodbye Tenchi." She reached for the knob but a hand grasped her hand.
"Huh?..." she then was flung around and locked into a long passionate
kiss. Their tounges explored eachothers mouth as if the first time ever.
Haunti just looked into his eyes. She smiled and turned Tenchi's head
towards the bed. it was covered with rose petels. Tenchi returned his
attention to Haunti. she was only wearing a black bra and silk panties.
The locked into another long and passionate kiss. Haunti nearly teared
off Tenchi's shirt and blazer during the kiss. The lyed down on the bed
Haunti ontop of Tenchi.
 She parted from the kiss and started to slowly kiss down his chest. She
was surprised when she got to Tenchi's Pants that Tenchi stopped her.
Haunti gave a confused face as Tenchi pulled her up. He laid her on the
bed.
 About five minutes later. "How do I get this damn thing off?" Tenchi
said nearly yelling trying to unhook her bra.
 Haunti was quite amused by this but The reached behind her and guided
his hands to unhook her bra. "like this silly" she said nearly laughing
as the black bra hit the floor. Tenchi then locked her in a nother long
passionate kiss. during the kiss Tenchi rubbed Haunti's breasts. Haunti
broke away from the kiss to let out a little "ah." Tenchi cupped her
breasts and licked them. He caressed them with his tounge and began to
suck on the right tit. Haunti started moaning gently. Tenchi took his
right hand and rubbed the left tit. Haunti moaned.
 Tenchi slowly moved his hand down towards her panties. it was sweet
sweet torcher. He finally got to the panties and slid his hand down her
panties. Haunti moaned a little louder. He started nibbling on Haunti's
nipple. Haunti moaned louder. Tenchi stopped on the tits and started
down slowly. He was still massaging her cunt. he took his hand out and
slid the soaking panties off of Haunti. Tenchi licked Haunti's cunt.
Haunti moaned louder untill she cummed.
 This was all Haunti rolled Tenchi to the bottom and slowly kissed down
his chest. She finally journied to his pants and unbuttoned them. She
took off Tenchis pants exposing his boxers. She slowly slid off Tenchis
boxers exposing a big, long, hard, cock. She licked around the cock as
she did last time they did this. she spiriled his her tounge around his
cock. She then engulfed his cock in her mouth and sucked slowly. licking
Tenchis shaft in her mouth not releasing the cock. The cock then
stifled. Tenchi closed his eyes "AH!" he bursted inside Hauntis mouth
and so it appeared she happily swallowed.
 She smirked and slowly rose up Tenchi. Not wasting any time she let the
cock insert her. She gasped as if it wee the first time. Tenchi arched
to the pleasure. Haunti moved up and down his cock as Tenchi rubbed her
breasts. "Tenchi..... I.... Think... Im... going.... to... OH!" Haunti
cummed and noticed that Tenchi cummed at the same time. They climaxed
and tirly fell into eachothers arms. Haunti with her last bit of energy
seperated from Tenchi. She hugged him and closed her eyes.
 Tenchi hugged her and fell asleep holding her.
 Two hours later Tenchi rolled over to hold Haunti but he hit the bed.
"huh? where is she?" He stumbled to his feet and got his clothes on. He
walked outside of his room. he had rarly been out of his room after
twelve o'clock. He looked at the clock and it said 12:05. He heard a
very beautiful music. it was piano music that was obvious. He couldn't
put his finger on what piece. he looked around to find Haunti. Tenchi
opened the back door and facing the House infront of The Ry-Uoh tree was
a baby grand piano. sitting at it and playing swaying to the music was
Haunti.
 Tenchi walked gently behind Haunti as she played. She was wearing her
cyan blue kimono. Haunti slowly faded to the end and was startled by
Tenchis hand on her shouder.
 "That was Beautiful Haunti... What piece was that?" Tenchi asked.
 "Moonlight Sonata by Beethoven." Haunti answered. Tenchi looked back
and saw Ry-Uoh was reacting pleasently to the music.
 "Where did you learn to play so well?" Tenchi asked.
 Hauntis eyes looked misty. she looked down and stroked the keys with
her finger. "I don't know I just have played like this all my life." she
said and absently started to play classical pieces. Haunti played
classical pieces all night as Tenchi listened. It was truly a romantic
night.

                                       THE END

That was part IX Im sorry I didnt discribed  how they looked like but
that was discribed in one of the earlier parts. If you have any
questions email me at gamekeeper@shawhan.net. stay watching for Haunti
X: Juriahs Back
