The Legal Info.... Cource I don own these characters the characters
belong to the creaters of Tenchi Muyo ,Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In
Tokyo. so don sue Im broke.

 (if you didnt read part one read it or youll be lost in the dark)

 Finally the made it to the Masaki House. it was late. everyone went
into the house but Haunti felt a tug on her arm she looked and it was
Ryoko.
 "Dont touch my Tenchi" warned Ryoko "or there'll be hell to pay"
 "oh" Haunti gave a disappionted yet sarcastic groan "why not?" she said
sarcastically.
 "Just stay away from him ,Haunti, hes mine." growled Ryoko. and then
disappeared.
 Haunti was still on the stairs she sat down *"that boy ,Tenchi, hes
kind cute"* she thought to herself and giggled *"what am I thinking?
Famari, Vari, and Xodis would never forgive me for betraying them... not
to mention Ryoko, Ayeka, and Washu."* she thought again.
 "Miss Haunti are you joining us?" came tenchi's voice from the door.
 "Yes, Tenchi, and would you mind just calling me Haunti?" said Haunti
 Tenchi chuckled as Haunti made it down to the door and onto the the
porch "not at all, Haunti," Tenchi said as they walked in.
 When they walked in they were all crowded by the table with Sasami and
Uvin cooking dinner for them all.
 Ryo-Ohki and Monic were whatching the carrots like hawks. then Monic
Disappears and appeared with two carrots and gave one to Ryok-Ohki.
"Meow" Monic said streching his wings and eating his carrot.
 Kiyone and Barcid were sitting across the table from eachother
chatting.
 "so how did you get your dimwitted partner Kiyone?" Barcid asked.
 "we were stationed together you?" Kiyone answered
 "same here" he answered
 They both sighed at the thought of their stupid partners and said at
the same time "damn galaxy police stationing."
 "so... whats your ships name?" said Barcid breaking the Ice again.
 "Yugami you?" answered Kiyone
 "Versod" he said
 "thats nice" Kiyone said
 their conversation went on untill Sasami and Uvin came in with dinner
and they all dug in. during the dinner Ryoko and Famari had a fight with
Ayeka and Vari as usual.
 After Dinner the girls invited Haunti Up to the Onsen which she
obligily exepted. after the bath in the Onsen it was about bed time and
Haunti and Tenchi were walking through the corridor.
 noticing something Haunti said "Tenchi you better move bout a yard to
the right"
 Tenchi did as instructed and no later Ryoko zoomed passed them and hit
the wall "Ow" ryoko said.
 "how'd...?" Tenchi began but was stopped by Haunti's finger on his
lips.
 "we've learned enough about eachother fo today Good Night Tenchi" said
Haunti.
 They all walked to their rooms and all the girls combed their hair and
went to sleep.
 everybody was in their rooms asleep exept for Xodis and Washu who sat
back to back on their floating seats typing on their transperent
keyboard making stuff.
 Washu turned her eye towards Xodis while working and though *"wow hes
as smart as me the greatest scientific genious in universe yet hes as
smart as me. and hes cute like tenchi..."*
 Xodis pretty much thought the same thing bout her exept he thought she
was cute like Haunti.
 Xodis like Washu put his astrological sign on his inventions but he was
a scorpio so he put a scorpian on there.
 The night dragged on and they grew tired so they leans back on
eachothers back and slowly drifted to sleep.
 Not much later Famari walked through the walls of the lab and saw Xodis
and Washu sleeping.
 after that ryoko did the same and noticed Famari "Famari what are you
doing here?" Ryoko said
 "hello Ryoko I just came down here to check on Xodis and hes sleeping"
Famari said walking towards the sheets.
 "huh what are you doing?" said ryoko watching Famari
 Famari covered Xodis and Washu with the sheet them sleeping still back
to back with eachother sitting on their floating seat. "I dont want them
to catch their death of cold now do I Ryoko?" he said
 "Guess not" ryoko said and then thought *"wow hes considerat like
tenchi but rough and tough like me, and through the conversation at
dinner he said he was a space pirate too, and all of it he's also made
out of this mass thing as Xodis explained"*
 "What are you thinking about Ryoko" Famari said
 "nothing we outta get to bed" Ryoko said and then added "good night
Famari"
 "Good Night Ryoko" Famari said, and they both phased out to their
rooms.
 The Next Day they all met at the table and ate their breakfast.
 Tenchi went to the shrine to sweep as usual.
 Ryoko and Famari Sat around and did nothing while Ayeka and Vari nagged
them to death.
 Sasami and Uvin just relaxed and chatted.
 Washu and Xodis worked in the lab working on new inventions.
 Mihoshi and Plasca slept on the front porch as Kiyone and Barcid talked
about their lives.
 Haunti noticed that there was nothing to do so she took her short
battling stick that was like Zeneks and started to practice. she did
complicated moves and slashed fast enough to slash through large
branches.
 "Huh? what is she doing?" asked kiyone watching Haunti
 "Huh? oh Haunti's practicing she does it all the time a little advise
though never interupt her." said Barcid
 "Why?" asked Kiyone
 "She will do 1 of 2 things she will eather get really mad at you or..."

 Tenchi walked down the steps of the shrine and aproached Haunti "hi..."
he began
 Haunti slipped up and accedentally swiping him from the left and then
up contacting with both his stomach and jaw.
 "Tenchi!" Haunti yelled as Tenchi fell to the ground and she sat down
by Tenchi and nursed him till he woke
 "Tenchi," she said worryingly "Im sorry I hit you I just was startled
and accedentally hit you... your not hurt, are you?"
 "No, its ok" Tenchi said standing up.
 Haunti stood up too and said "you know this place is nice would you
mind showing me around, Tenchi?"
 "Why not?" Tenchi said "c'mon" Tenchi walked into the woods
 Haunti followed and they finally got to the space tree in the forest.
"This is a space tree from the spaceship Tsunami." Tenchi said looking
at the tree
 "Beautiful" Haunti said looking at the tree.
 "Lets not spend too much time here theres more to see" tenchi said and
lead her to the cliff.
 "I come here to think all the time" Tenchi said
 Haunti was speachless it was Beautiful and though she did not want to
leave but Tenchi grabbed her arm and coninued with the tour.
 By late the Tour was done and they gathered around the table for
dinner.
 After dinner everybody went to sleep including Washu and Xodis.
 Tenchi remained awake and got up. He walked around and peeked into
Haunti's room. He noticed her face was a little unconfortable. Tenchi
walked up to Haunti, kneeled down next to her and kissed her on her
forhead gently. "Sleep tight Haunti, its hard to beleive that such a
restless and smart indevigual can be such a relaxed and such an angel
while asleep." Tenchi said standing up. he noticed her face was more
cofortable. Tenchi walked out and went to his own room.
 "No Tenchi..." said Haunti laying in her bed eyes still closed with a
smile on her face. "your the angel."

                                                       THE END

How do you like my second fanfic? sorry I didnt have this in my first
but you can live without it right? well if you liked Meet Hunti and
Insanic Urges keep reading for Haunti III: The Way The Heart Beats
