Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi or any other characters in this story except 
for William. I'm not making any money for writing this story so please don't 
sue me. It wouldn't be worth the trouble anyway.

Have a Drink.

It was a beautiful spring day. The air was clean and the sky cloud free. 
Tenchi was hard at preparing the fields for planting. Ryoko was watching him 
from a nearby tree. Inside the Masaki house Sasami was fixing lunch while 
Ayeka and Mihoshi watched the television. Washu was down in her lab as usual 
working on her next big invention. No one knew of the danger that was heading 
toward them.
Ryoko was almost crying. ( I've lost him), she thought. This morning she 
had seen Tenchi flirting with Ayeka. There was no mistaking it for anything 
else. Ayeka knew it too. This morning when she had walked by Ryoko she had 
looked at her, she didn't have to say anything, the look had spoken for her." 
I won". Ryoko was so upset she didn't notice the man watching her from the 
ground.
" Hello up there", he called to her. Ryoko fell out of the tree in 
surprise. Her instincts took over and she teleported to the ground. She looked 
around but couldn't find who had surprised her. The voice called out again," 
Over here". A dark form moved out from the shadows into the light. The light 
revealed a short, middle aged man. He was wearing a fine, black suit and 
carrying a wooden cane. His light brown hair was well combed and his face had 
a look of amusement. 
" Who are you?", she asked.
" You may call me William ", he told her.
" William? What kind of name is that?"
" It's British if you must know. 
" Your along way from Britain buddy."
" My work involves a great deal of travel" He looked at her for a second 
before asking,"Do you mind if I ask you a question?"
" You already did but go ahead." 
" Tell me, why is a beautiful young lady like you so upset?"
" That's none of your business"
" Please, I don't mean to pry, but there is a chance I could help you"
" I doubt it" Ryoko had enough and turned to leave.
" It's got something to do with that young man in the field doesn't it?" 
Ryoko turned back toward him. For a second she considered killing him, but it 
hardly seemed worth it.
" I said it's none of your business", she told him. William smiled at 
her.
" Ah, but it is. You see other peoples problems are my business. At 
least curing their problems are. What ever it is that's troubling you, I'll 
bet I can solve it. Now if that individual over there catches your fancy I can 
help you. Though I can't imagine how he could resist such a radiant beauty as 
yourself." 
" What can you do?"
" I can give you the key to his heart." He reached into his coat and 
pulled out a hip flask.


" Care for a drink while we talk?", he asked her. Ryoko was still unsure 
about him, but she never could turn down a drink. 
" What is it?", she asked taking it from him and unscrewing the lid.
" It's a special concoction I made myself. Be careful, it packs a punch" 
" Ha!", she laughed," You obviously don't know much about me." She took 
a big, long swig. 
" Oh, but I will soon enough", he told her. She looked at him 
suspiciously. Something in his tone of voice worried her.
"What do mean by that?" Instead of answering her he just laughed. That 
was the wrong response. William suddenly found himself staring at the business 
end of Ryoko's sword. Amazingly he didn't seem at all worried.
" Touchy, aren't we?", he said in a mocking voice. 
( That's it.), she thought,(He's dead.). However she was stopped by a 
sudden burning pain in her stomach. It quickly spread through her body. Her 
sword disappeared as the pain intensified. She couldn't hold back the scream 
that came forth. " AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!" Over her screams she could just barely 
hear William laughing.
Tenchi dropped his hoe at the sound of Ryoko's scream. He looked in the 
direction of the scream. He saw Ryoko doubled over on the ground, writhing in 
pain while some guy in a black suit looked on and laughed. Tenchi he sprinted 
toward them. He didn't know what was happening but he was determined to stop 
it. He was almost there when Ryoko started to glow. He stopped running and was 
preparing to duck incase she started shooting energy blasts. As he watched the 
glow grew brighter until it was impossible to make out any thing but her 
outline. With a blinding flash she suddenly shrunk down to a tiny pinprick of 
light which slowly faded to reveal a small, black marble. William bent over 
and picked it up. 
" Amazing", he said," No one has ever put up a struggle against the 
transformation for that long. Truly amazing."
" What did you do to her?", Tenchi yelled at him.
" Why my dear boy, I gave her what she wanted"
" What?"
" She wanted you, and now she can have you. She will sleep forever 
inside this marble and whatever she wants will be hers. In exchange, she 
becomes mine. Her body, mine. Her memories, mine. Her skills and powers, all 
mine. Now that seems fair don't you think so?" He reached into his coat and 
pulled out a small bag. He untied the top and dropped the marble inside. He 
then tied it back up and returned it to his coats inside pocket.
" No I don't. You better let her go right now." Tenchi took a 
threatening step toward him. William look at him for a moment, then started 
laughing.
" My dear boy, what do you think you can do to me? Did you not hear what 
I said, she is mine, and all her powers are mine to control. Perhaps you don't 
believe me then? Very well, I will show you." He held up his left hand and 
pointed at a nearby tree. A beam of energy shot from his hand and incinerated 
the tree. He laughed as he blasted several more trees to dust.
" There now, do you understand now." Tenchi was frozen in fear. Things 
were bad. Very bad. William started walking toward him.


" It's too bad you still don't know how to control the light hawk wings. 
If you did you could stop me. As it is though, there nothing you can do. You 
will soon join Ryoko in blissful sleep. I guess it will be up to me to figure 
out how to use the wings. And after you I will get Ayeka and Yosho, Washu and 
Ryo-ohki. I wonder, what's it like being a spaceship. Yes,         Ryo-ohki's 
powers will be most useful. Mihoshi and your father I think I can do without, 
but Sasami I think I'll take. It will be nice to able to cook my own meals. 
Tenchi had heard enough.
" You stay away from them!", he yelled. He lunged forward and threw a 
punch at William's face, only to have him catch it effortlessly. William 
smiled evilly, and then crushed Tenchi's hand. 
"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!" William laughed at Tenchi's cry of pain. 
Tenchi collapsed to the ground, holding his badly mangled hand. William pulled 
out his flask and removed the lid. He forced open Tenchi's mouth and poured 
the vile liquid in. He then held Tenchi's nose and mouth shut until he 
swallowed. Tenchi was in too much pain to try and resist the transformation 
and he was quickly changed into a marble, this one blue in color.
" That's two down, five to go." He looked toward the house as he thought 
about how best to get the rest of them.( Defiantly get Ayeka next. With her 
and Ryoko's powers I'll have the strength to fight the rest of them if I have 
to). Having decided on a course of action he began his own transformation. He 
started growing taller and his appearance became more youthful. He used 
Ryoko's powers to alter his clothes. A second later he had fully taken on the 
form of Tenchi." Excellent", he said to himself, " Soon I will be the most 
powerful person in the universe".
William entered the house and looked around for Ayeka. He found her in 
the kitchen talking to Sasami. He walked up to them.
" That smells wonderful Sasami.", he said.
" Thank you Tenchi.", she said. He smiled at her before turning his 
attention to Ayeka.
" Ayeka, could I speak to in private."
" Oh, certainly lord Tenchi.", she answered. He lead her upstairs to 
Tenchi's room. Once inside he closed the door and turned to face her. Her 
breathing was a bit quicker than normal and she looked nervous.
( Perfect ), he thought. Out loud he said," Ayeka, I have something to 
tell you, something important." He looked down for a moment, then took a deep 
breath and said softly," I love you". Ayeka nearly collapsed. Tears of joy ran 
down her face.
"Oh, oh Tenchi! Tenchi you have no idea how happy it makes me feel to 
hear you say that." 
( Pathetic. This isn't even a challenge.) He smiled at her and reached 
out to take her hand. He brought it to his lips and kissed it softly. " I'm 
sorry for making you wait so long, but I've just been so worried about Ryoko. 
I care about her and I don't want to hurt her."
" I understand. If there's anything I can do to help." He put a finger 
to her lips to cut her off.
" Kiss me", he told her. He ran his hand along the side of her face as 
he leaned toward her. Their lips met lightly. Ayeka pressed up against him and 
opened her mouth to slip her tongue in his. He slid his hands around her and 
slid them slowly down her back. Everything was going well until he slid his 
hands over her ass. She suddenly broke the kiss and pulled back from him. ( 
Damn! This isn't going to be as easy as I thought.) Ayeka was looking down at 
the floor. 
" Tenchi, I..., I'm sorry..., I..., I don't know if I... if I'm ready 
for this." She looked like she was about to cry. William brought one hand 
under her chin and gently tilted her head up. He looked her in the eyes.


" No Ayeka, I'm sorry. It's just that, it's been so hard for me, wanting 
you for so long and not being able to tell you. Every time I laid eyes on you, 
I want to touch you, to feel your soft skin. Every little bit of contact we 
made was..., it was something beyond words. So many times I wished you would 
be like Ryoko and throw yourself on me. If you had I know I wouldn't have been 
able to stop myself. I would have held you tightly and told you how much I 
loved you." Before Ayeka's eyes had been watering. Now they were flowing like 
twin waterfalls. She squeezed him in a hug that would have crushed him if not 
for Ryoko's powers.
" Oh Tenchi, I'm sorry, I had no idea you felt that way about me." She 
kissed him passionately. " Tenchi..., take me, I'm yours" 
( Gotcha.) They resumed kissing and he ran his hands down her body. 
Ayeka reached under his shirt and started rubbing his chest. William ripped 
the shirt off and threw it behind him. He picked Ayeka up a carried her to the 
bed. Laying her down he started to undo her kimono. He pulled it off slowly, 
kissing her skin as it was exposed. She let out tiny sighs of pleasure. She 
grabbed him and turned him on his back. She straddled him and started kissing 
his chest and stomach. He reached behind her and unfastened her bra. He pulled 
it off and tossed it away. He grabbed her breasts and began to rub them. He 
squeezed her nipples and she moaned. She slid down him and grabbed the edge of 
his pants. She pulled down his pants and underwear together in one quick 
motion. She stopped for a moment to look at him. William propped himself up 
with an elbow and smiled at her. Nervously she sat back down on the bed next 
to him. He pushed her down gently on her back. He grabbed her panties and 
pulled them off. 
" You ready?", he asked her. She nodded and he pressed into her. She 
moaned and her nails dug into his shoulders. He pulled back and thrust into 
her again and again. Her moans came quicker and louder as she approached her 
climax. " Oh, oh Tenchi, ah,ah,ah,oh yes, ahhhh!" He pumped harder as her 
muscles clamped down on his shaft. This pushed him over and he cried out as he 
emptied into her. She felt his hot seed shoot into her and fill her with his 
warmth. A second later she climaxed, soaking his shaft and the bed with her 
fluids. He laid on top of her until he regained enough strength to roll off 
her. She turned her head to kiss him.
" Tenchi, that was unbelievable." She kissed him again and he laid an 
arm behind her head. She snuggled against him and in a few moments had fallen 
asleep. William waited until he certain she wasn't going to wake up and 
carefully removed himself from the bed. He transformed back to his original 
form and phased back into his suit. He pulled his flask out and carefully 
poured some of the liquid into her mouth. She swallowed instinctually without 
waking up. A flash of light and a minute later a pink marble sat in her place 
on the bed. After placing the marble in his bag, he placed his flask on the 
desk and turned back into Tenchi. He put the flask into his pant's pocket and 
headed downstairs. Sasami was still in the kitchen. He walked in and opened 
the refrigerator. He pulled out a pitcher of lemonade.
" Do you want any?", he asked holding the pitcher up so she could see 
it.
" Sure, thanks", she answered. He got out two glasses and poured the 
lemonade in. Making sure Sasami wasn't looking, he quickly spiked her drink. 
" Here you go", he said handing her the glass.
" Thank you Tenchi." She took a drink and a disgusted look appeared on 
her face. " Uhg! How long has that lemonade been in there, it tastes spoiled." 
William took a sip and shrugged. 
" Tastes fine to me"
" Are you kidding, it's...". She dropped the glass and fell over. She 
clenched her stomach and moaned in pain as the transformation occurred. 
William bent down to pick up his fourth new marble, this one bright yellow, 
when Mihoshi walked in. He quickly pocketed the marble before she saw him. 


" Oh! Tenchi, what happened?", she asked/
" Nothing big, I just dropped my glass, that's all"
" Oh okay. Here let me help you." She walked over and helped him pick up 
the big pieces of glass. When she stood up though she slipped on the spill and 
fell back into him. She knocked him backward and he fell over and she landed 
on top of him.
" Hey! Watch what your doing!", he yelled. He was about to say more when 
he realized he had said the wrong thing. ( Stupid, Tenchi would never yell at 
her like that.) He looked at her and knew he had messed up. Mihoshi was 
totally shocked. As William tried to think of an excuse she started sobbing. ( 
Oh shit.)
" I'm sorry *sob* I didn't *sob* mean to *sob*", she cried. She was 
starting to quiver and he knew she was about to totally break down. He got up 
and thinking quickly put a hand on her shoulder.
" I'm so sorry Mihoshi, I really didn't mean to yell. I just been having 
a rough day and I snapped. I'm sorry, really." She looked up at him.
" Really", she asked meekly.
" Yes.", he said. He helped her up and then gave her a hug. " Please 
forgive me." The hug shocked her almost as much as his outburst, but it was a 
shock she could live with.
" Tenchi I forgive you. I know you wouldn't say anything mean on 
purpose. Can you forgive me for falling on you."
" Of course I forgive you."
" Oh thank you" She bent down to pick up the glass but he stopped her.
" Tell you what, why don't you go back to the living room and let me 
worry about the mess."
" Are you sure?"
" Yeah. I made the mess so I should pick it up."
" Okay" As soon as she left he let out a big sigh.
( I definitely don't want to acquire her.) He shuddered at the thought. 
After cleaning up the spill he turned into Sasami. He got a bowl out and put a 
carrot in it. He then soaked it in the flasks contents, allowing the vile 
substance to creep into the carrot. He found Ryo-ohki laying outside. " Ryo-
ohki", he called out. She looked over at him. She saw the carrot and 
immediately bounded over. William tossed her the carrot and she ate half of it 
before she even noticed the strange taste. A second later, William had a 
bright white marble to add to his collection.  ( Now who to get next, Washu or 
Yosho. Washu will probably be harder, especially if I have to go into her lab. 
Who knows what kind of traps she might have down there. Plus Yosho's fighting 
skills would be very useful if I have to fight.) Having made up his mind he 
thought up a plan. He transformed into Ayeka. He headed back to the kitchen 
and got out a tray and two cups. He made some tea and poured it into the cups. 
After adding a shot from the flask he placed the cups on the tray and headed 
for the shrine.( Damn, those are the longest stairs I ever had to climb.) He 
paused for minute at the top to catch his breath before walking to the shrine. 
He was about to knock on the door when Yosho's voice called out.
" Come in Ayeka." William stood frozen in surprise for a second. 
( Damn that's impressive. That kind of skill will be most useful), he 
thought as he opened the door. Yosho was kneeling behind a low table near the 
far wall. William walked over and set the tray down before kneeling opposite 
him.
" So, to what do I owe this visit", he asked.


" I something very important to talk to you about.", William answered. 
He picked up his cup and took a sip from it. As he put it down Yosho picked 
his up but didn't drink from it yet.
" I see. What about?"
( Damn it, drink). " Well..., it's about..., Tenchi." He took a deep 
breath to waste time.
" Hmm, I understand." He pointed over Williams shoulder." Would you get 
that box off the shelf for me?" William turned around. There was a low shelf 
with varius objects stacked on it. One of these was a small, wooden box with 
silver edging. He picked it up and turned back around to put it on the table. 
" Thank you" Yosho took a drink and set his cup down. 
( Ha!) William struggled to keep from smiling. He picked up his cup and 
took a drink to hide his face. When took a drink, but didn't swallow. The tea 
tasted, different. His eyes went wide.( He switched the cups!) William spit 
the tea out.
" Something wrong Ayeka?", Yosho asked. William shot to his feet. He 
pointed a finger at Yosho.
" You! How could you know!?", he yelled. Yosho calmly picked up his cup 
and took a drink. " Why you..." William concentrated and several tiny floating 
logs appeared around Yosho. He looked calmly at the logs and slowly put his 
cup down.
" So what do you plan to do now?", he asked. William pulled out flask 
and tossed it to Yosho who caught it.
" Drink it." Yosho looked at the flask for a second then turned his gaze 
back to William.
" And if I refuse?" Electricity jumped between the logs. Yosho watched 
without blinking. After the electricity died down he looked back at William. 
Then he smirked." Take your best shot", he taunted. William yelled as he sent 
as much power as he could through the logs. The power shot out toward Yosho. 
Only he wasn't there when it arrived. He jumped up out of the logs. He pulled 
out the master key and activated it. He landed in front of William and slashed 
at him. William barely had enough time to form a sword and block it. He 
teleported back out of the shrine. 
( Damn it. This is bad.) The shrine door opened and Yosho came flying 
out. William fired a blast at him, but it slashed harmlessly off Yosho's 
energy shield. He blocked Yosho's attack. They fought viscously, William using 
all the fighting skills of Tenchi and Ryoko just to keep up a defense. ( I 
can't win like this.) Suddenly he got an idea. He teleported away from Yosho 
and flew up into the air. He gathered a huge ball of energy and aimed it down 
at the house. " Yosho, give up or I'll destroy the house and everyone in it!" 
Yosho stood motionless for a minute, considering his options. Finally he 
deactivated the master key and tossed it down.
" Very well then, you win." He pulled out the flask from where he had 
stashed it in his robes and took a drink. William dissipated the energy ball 
and landed just as the transformation ended. He picked up the clear marble and 
laughed.
( One to go.) 
William carefully entered Washu's lab. He was disguised as Tenchi and 
carrying a tray of food. Fortunately Washu was working on some big project and 
hadn't been coming to dinner, so the idea of Tenchi bringing her something to 
eat was very believable. 
" Washu, hey Washu where are you?" He wandered around her lab, calling 
out her name.
" Washu, are you here?"
" Tenchi, over here" William looked to his left where her voice had come 
from. He walked over but still couldn't find her.


" Washu?"
" Up here" He looked up. She was on top of a large, box shaped device, 
looking over the edge at him.
" Oh there you are. You've been down here so long I was starting to 
worry. I brought you something eat incase your hungry." He held up the tray to 
show her.
" Oh Tenchi, your just so sweet. I'll be right down." He turned around 
to find a place to lay the tray down and found Washu behind him.
" What the..." She smiled at him as she accepted the tray.
" Thank you Tenchi, lets see, what did you bring me?"  She snapped her 
fingers and a table appeared. She set the tray down and then seemed to notice 
the many stains on her clothes and skin she had gotten while working. " Excuse 
me a minute, won't you?" Without waiting for him to reply she called up a 
portal and reached in. She pulled out what looked like a silver hula-hoop. She 
held it above her head and dropped it. As it passed over her the stains 
vanished. She picked it back up and tossed it over her shoulder. A portal 
opened to catch it. " There we go, much better." She sat down and took the 
cover off the tray. " Aren't you going to sit down Tenchi?",she asked.
" Um, sure". He sat down on the opposite side of the table.
" Oh that won't do, your too far away." Suddenly his chair shot away 
from the table. William clutched the armrests as the chair literally flew over 
and landed by Washu. " There now, that's much better. So Tenchi, were you 
really worried I wasn't eating right, or did you just miss me?", she asked in 
a flirting tone. William was tempted to give her the response Tenchi would, 
but he decided to have some fun with her. He smiled slyly and rest his chin on 
his hands.
" Well, actually I did have another reason for coming here.", he said," 
Lets just say that I've decided to part with something of mine in the name of 
science." Washu stared at him for a minute, not getting his meaning. Then she 
understood and her eyes nearly filled her face.
" You mean it, you'll let me get my last sample from you?"
" If you still want it, yes." Her smiled filled what little space her 
eyes hadn't. " Now eat before your food gets cold and then you can get it."
" Oh don't worry about the food." A new portal formed and she pulled out 
a small, silvery box. She placed it on the table and pushed the button on top 
of it. A simmering field appeared over the food. " There, now the food frozen 
in time so it will be just fine. Now come on." She grabbed his wrists and 
pulled him out of chair.
( Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit, oh shit, oh shit, oh shit! Me and my big 
mouth, now what?) She lead him to another part of her lab. There was a large 
table with restraints waiting for them.(Oh no way! I can't let her get me on 
that thing.) He planted his feet and stopped. She turned around to see what 
was wrong.
" What is it Tenchi?" 
" Sorry Washu, but I can't allow this" Before she could question him he 
punched her hard in the stomach. 
"Uhg!" She fell down, cradling her stomach. William pulled out his flask 
and grabbed her shoulder to turn her over. However when he did he found it 
wasn't Washu, it was one of her annoying dolls.
" What the hell?"
" Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha" William turned around to see Washu standing 
behind him." What's wrong? You look upset."


" How did you know?",he asked.
" Oh please, did you think I didn't know the second you came in here. No 
one gets in my lab without me knowing and as soon as you came in my equipment 
detected that you weren't really Tenchi. After that it was a simple matter of 
checking my surveillance equipment to discover who you really were, William."
" It doesn't matter what you know, you can't escape."
" Oh no. Try me." 
" Alright." With a yell he flew forward and threw a powerful punch, 
snapping her head back and knocking her down. She didn't get up. " Well, that 
wasn't so hard." He walked over and got his flask out. He forced her mouth 
open and poured the liquid in. He held her mouth and nose closed. As he did 
this he noticed something odd about her eyes. The pupils were moving. He 
leaned in closer to see what it was. It looked like, numbers.
5....4....3....2....
( OH SHIT!!) Mecha-Washu exploded in a huge fireball, knocking William 
back. His clothes vaporized and his skin was charred as the blast smashed him 
into the wall. The last thing he saw was all of his multi-colored marbles, 
rolling away.
" So after I single handedly took care of our uninvited guest, I 
gathered up all the marbles and released you all", Washu explained to 
everyone. " It wasn't that hard, at least not for a genius like your truly." 
" Spare me", Ryoko muttered. "Ow!", she yelled out as a large crab 
statue fell on her head. She glared at Washu who just smiled back. Ayeka 
didn't even notice. She was to busy trying to cope with the fact that she had 
been tricked into having sex with a complete stranger.
( It's not fair. What did I do to deserve to be mocked in such a way? To 
finally have Tenchi's love, only to discover it was a trick, a fake.) She 
couldn't take it anymore and left the living room. She went to her room and 
laid down. She was about to start crying when she heard a soft knock on her 
door. She stood up and wiped her eyes before calling out," Come in." The door 
opened and Tenchi came in.
"Ayeka, can I talk to you, there's something I need to tell you."

The End.  
                
 
            
                                                                              
                  
