By David R. Nolen <nolendr@boxer.navy.mil>

Heaven and Eternity

by K'thardin

Episode 2:  Revelations

Here's episode two.  An interesting little story about, love, loss, and 
reunion.  You will also find out a little more about Cyrix's relationships to 
a few of the characters that are in the Tenchiverse.  Well Enjoy.

Standard Disclaimer:  Everything I made is mine.  Everything I didn't isn't.  
If you don't know the difference between the two go watch the OVA's.

"It's been done to death!  Why are you doing it again!?"
	-Russell Loyd Cross

<Opening Theme: Sweet Child O'Mine - Guns and Roses>

	Cyrix bent down to pick something off the floor of his quarters aboard 
his starship The Ranger.  We see him from the back as he seems to be dusting 
it off and putting it on the nightstand above his bed.  The bed has rumpled 
sheets and covers as he had not made it from the last time he slept in it.  He 
considers what he has put on the nightstand momentarily before finally turning 
to look at his red and gold drake looking companion hovering behind him.
	"Would you be a little more careful where you're flying?  What you 
knocked over is really important to me you know."
	Drakhenn bowed his head slightly at his mentor's disapproval, and gives 
him an apologetic look.
	"Just be a little more careful.  You ready to go?"
	Drakhenn nods his head emphatically.
	"Alrighty then.  Hop on."  Drakhenn needed no further encouragement, and 
settled himself on Cyrix's shoulders.
	Cyrix's brow furrows slightly and they both vanish.  We see the camera 
pan up to see the object that Cyrix replaced on the nightstand.  It looks very 
suspiciously like a plush cabbit.

						*

<Opening theme in a lot of Tenchi Episodes (Yeah, you know the one)>

	Cyrix materialized at the bottom of the stairs leading to the shrine; 
scanning for Tenchi he found him at the shrine itself.  Beautiful place, he 
thought noticing the forests and trees surrounding the Misaki shrine just 
beginning to show it's Fall colors.  I suppose I could just teleport up there, 
but I haven't seen such beauty in awhile.  With that thought in mind he 
proceeded to scale the stairs; taking in the scenery as he went up.
	"Growwwwlllll!"  What the hell was that?
	A suspicion crossed his mind and he looked at his scaly friend.
	"Hungry?" he asked.
	He was answered with another loud stomach rumbling from Drakhenn. 
Drakhenn's expression was sheepish, and Cyrix rolled his eyes in exasperation.
	"Fine." he said dryly, "Go get something to eat.  Just don't eat 
anything sentient or make too many trees disappear alright."
	Drakhenn looked at him gratefully.  Cyrix shook his head in annoyance as 
he watched Drakhenn extend his wings and take off in search of food.  Why did 
I have to accept a living stomach as a student, he asked himself dryly.  
Continuing on he decided it would be amusing to see if one of his ex-students 
would still be able to pick up on his presence after living easy for awhile.  
As he walked it seems like he faded completely out of existence.

						*

	Drakhenn followed his extremely powerful nose (to where it always goes) 
to the nearest source of meats and proteins in the area.  The lake was wide 
and a bright sky blue, and the evening sun was reflected off the waters in a 
most beautiful display of light.  He paused momentarily to admire the sight, 
but other needs over came him soon, so he proceeded to dive into and actually 
fly underwater; hunting for the fish he smelled there.  He hoped they were 
big, and was not disappointed when he managed to catch five of the local fish 
the size of a Tuna.  He devoured them quickly as he was very hungry, but 
decided they were good (what he tasted of them anyway).  Thinking for a moment 
he decided he wanted something sweet to eat next, and began to proceed to the 
area that had a sweet smell to it.
	"Hello." he stopped when he heard the voice.

	<Saint Sasami - Tenchi Muyo Soundtrack>

	Turning around he saw the owner of the voice.  He recognized the speaker 
instantly and immediately gave his version of a happy smile and bowed quite 
noticeably.  He heard a laugh then, a laugh that sounded both warm and musical 
at the same time.
	"You do that just to bug me, don't you?"
	Drakhenn recovered from his bow and gave his version of a grin.  He 
watched while the beautiful woman with water blue hair bend down and pick him 
up.  Grudgingly (yaright) he submitted to her embrace as she began rub behind 
his wings causing him to stretch out completely in her arms.
	"How have you been young one?" she asked him warmly.
	He told her that he was fine, and asked the same of her.
	"I have been well.  You get enough to eat?" she asked him in an amused 
tone of voice.
	Twisting his long sinuous neck around to look at her he smiled at her, 
but said that he would really like something with sugar in it.  She laughed 
her musical laugh again as she remembered how he really liked sugary 
substances.
	"Well, head that way." she pointed in the direction he was about to take 
moments before, "There is an apple tree there that has some really sweet 
fruits on it.  Don't eat too many though."  he smiled gratefully at her and 
rose up into the air, "Hey don't tell Cyraqs you saw me either, alright?" He 
gave her a grin then that could only be called evil, and promised not to say 
anything as he took off for the tree.  Chuckling to herself the woman 
disappeared.

					*

	Tenchi was sweating profusely despite the cold of the weather and the 
fact he had his shirt off.  He looked across the yard of the temple at his 
opponent and readied himself for another attack.
	Quickly he came throwing kicks and punches in a rapid flurry; Tenchi 
himself barely able to block and dodge the strikes coming his way.  Finally 
analyzed the attacks that were coming at him he managed to get the timing 
down, reached out, and caught the next blow.
	His grandfather pulled back slightly and nodded his approval.  Then 
kicked Tenchi's legs out from under him; striking him in the chest when he 
went into the air momentarily.  Tenchi flew back about five feet and landed 
hard on his back, dazed for a couple of seconds.  Recovering his full 
consciousness he pulled himself up and looked at his grandfather wryly.
	"Yes I know.  Don't ever let your guard down, right?" he asked just as 
wryly.
	"Uh, huh." Yoshou replied, "We've been at this for awhile.  We should 
quit for now, but we'll..." he broke off as he felt something enter the area.
	Looking around he noticed nothing visibly there.  He learned long ago 
that looks are usually deceiving.
	"What is it?" Tenchi asked wondering at his grandfather's change in 
mood.
	Yoshou said nothing, but backed up to a fence post.  Suddenly he reached 
out behind him, seeming to grab something and throw it to the center of the 
yard.  Tenchi's eyes widened as it seemed a small figure, clad in a black T-
shirt and blue denim looking jeans, materialized out of nothing and landed 
quite easily on his feet.  Yoshou ran toward the figure and the two proceeded 
to fight.
	"Dear god..." Tenchi was stunned at the impressive displays of martial 
skill they both showed.
	He had only once before seen his grandfather go all out on someone, and 
that was against Kagato.  Now he was doing it again, but it seemed the other 
being was quite easily matching him move for move.  The fight was incredible 
as it ranged all over the yard.  Finally the smaller man somehow twisted his 
way past his grandfather's defenses and quickly hit him with triple punch and 
combo that staggered Yoshou momentarily, and before he could recover the 
smaller man finished him with a flying hurricane kick to the head.
	"Grandfather!" he yelled as he rushed to face the man who had defeated 
him; only to stop suddenly when he recognized who it was.
	Cyrix paid him no mind as he walked over and helped Yoshou to his feet.
	"Not bad.  Seems living on Sol III for the past 700 years hasn't dulled 
your fighting skills any." he said grinning.
	Yoshou laughed a little wryly.
	"Well I've recently had some major practice, and training my grandson 
definitely keeps me on my toes."
	Tenchi was busy looking at the two men in disbelief.
	"You know this guy Grandfather?"
	"Why yes, Tenchi I'd like you to meet the man who trained me.  His name 
is..."
	"Cyrix 'ip Tetran." Tenchi interrupted, "We met last night; though I 
still wasn't sure if that was a dream or not."
	"I like to warn people before I show up; when it's nothing bad that is.  
It's good to meet you in person Tenchi." he said extending his hand; which he 
took.
	"I guess it's good to meet you too." he said dubiously.
	"Is there someplace we three can discuss things, without interference?" 
Cyrix asked Yoshou.
	"We can discuss things in the shrine.  It's relatively free of 
distractions." Relatively compared to this place that is.

					*

	"So why are you here?" Yoshou asked once Cyrix and Tenchi were seated.
	"I am here for your Grandson.  He has great potential.  Potential enough 
to become one of us, assuming he wants too." he looked meaningfully at Tenchi.
	"You told me a lot of things about what you were last night, Cyrix.  I'm 
not really sure I want that kind of responsibility." Tenchi told him dryly.
	"I know what you mean.  It's not something most people want."  I know I 
didn't want it.
	"What if I just decide I don't want it?"
	"Well..." he said grinning suddenly, "you could do that.  I would leave 
immediately, but I think it's fair to warn you what will happen to you if you 
don't agree to become one of us."
	"What?  You kill me?" Cyrix gave a half smile at Tenchi's sarcasm.
	"No, we don't work that way.  What happens is one day either the power 
kills you by slowly eating you alive or you use a lot more of the power than 
you can in your current incarnation and you blow up.  Usually when that 
happens you take out the world you're standing on as well."  He starts 
chuckling evilly, "We got some really cool tapes about that if you would like 
to see them."  Tenchi gagged at the thought.
	"You mean people have actually..."
	"Yep." Cyrix replied evilly, before his expression turned grim, "For 
them it was a better choice than accepting that responsibility.  It's really 
not all that bad a life.  I get to make sure that my people, in fact all 
peoples have the freedom to make their own destinies without outside 
interference by forces they could never hope to overcome."
	Tenchi sat back and thought for a moment.  He thought about asking his 
grandfather's advice, but no it's my decision; I must make it alone.  Well, 
it's not like I don't do that already, save the universe that is.  At least 
this way I'll figure out how to control my power.  So what if it'll one day be 
so great I'll be able to destroy a Universe.  Fine; what the hell.
	"Why not." he said wryly.
	"O.K. then.  I won't start today or tomorrow.  I think you should 
probably take that time off, for lack of a better term.  You're going to be 
very busy for awhile."  Tenchi nodded his head in agreement.
	"Well in that case I should probably introduce you to the rest of the 
people around here.  Let me tell you, life around here is not boring by any 
means."  Tenchi said; getting up and walking out the door.
	Yoshou and Cyrix got up and began to follow him.
	"So why are you going about in that form?" Cyrix asked Yoshou quietly.
	"Let us just say that it's for my sisters sake and leave it at that."
	"She'll find out eventually, you know." Yoshou sighed a little.
	"Yes, but by that time she'll hopefully be nice and married."
	"To whom?" Cyrix asked, already suspecting the answer.
	Yoshou looked meaningfully at Tenchi.
	"That's what I thought." he chuckled.
	"Now why is it that you are going around calling yourself that?" Yoshou 
asked him as they reached the steps leading down from the shrine.
	"It's a valid use of my name.  I have some personal reasons as well.  
Hopefully, if...awe who am I kidding...when they come out I'll be able to do 
it in such a way as to contain the property damage it might cause."  Yoshou 
laughed at this.
	"Don't worry.  That happens a lot around here."
	I can imagine, thought Cyrix.

					*

	Drakhenn had finished off about fifty of the apples, before he decided 
to stop.  He figured he should probably go back to the lake and finish off a 
couple of more fish before he went back and found Cyrix.  Suddenly there was a 
movement in one of the bushes; curious he went over to investigate.  Whatever 
it was had come upon him without him knowing; since not too many could do that 
he began readying himself for anything.  When he got to the bush he saw a 
bunny like creature looking at a flower of some sort.  It didn't really exude 
a smell at least not a normal one.  Still he figured it would be good to eat 
and it would save him the trip back to the lake.  Gleefully he pounced at the 
creature, chomping it's twitching tale.
	"MREEEEEOWWWWW!" That cabbit was so pissed.
	Jumping around a little bit she tried to throw off her unwanted burden, 
but somehow he kept a hold.  For his part he couldn't believe something like 
this had taken him by surprise and was actually overpowering him.  After she 
bounded over a particularly large rock he decided it would be prudent for him 
to let go and did so.
	Ryo-ohki turned and glared at him.  He couldn't help himself; he started 
laughing at her expression.
	"Mrrrrwwww." her growl was low and menacing.
	He couldn't help, but laugh even harder.  A glow suddenly appeared on 
the gem on her forehead.  Drakhenn stopped laughing when this happened and 
bemusedly stared at her as the light grew brighter.  A beam of energy shot out 
of the gem and streaked toward Drakhenn, who had expected this and crossed his 
wings before him.  The beam bounced off his wings and into the treetops above.  
As did the three more beams she sent at him.
	"Ryo-Ohki what are you doing?!"
	"Mrow?" she replied to the little girl that came running towards the 
tree.
	"Who is this?" she asked seeing Drakhenn's drakelike form curled up 
behind his wings.
	"Mrow. Mrow. Mrow, Mrow, Mrow." was her emphatic reply
	"Oh it can't be that bad, can it?" Ryo-Ohki made a face in reply.
	Sasami shook her head slightly and turned her attention to the cowering 
form below her.
	"Come on.  Come on.  She was just a little startled.  Ryo-Ohki won't try 
to hurt you."  Realizing he was probably safe now he peaked his serpentine 
head out from behind his nigh impenetrable wings and beheld his savior.
	He shook his head upon seeing her.  He just shrugged thinking he had 
eaten too many apples.  She looked to him like someone else he had just talked 
to a little while ago.
	"Come on." she repeated.
	He began to walk to the smiling girl, knowing he was probably going to 
be picked up or something.  Not too adverse to the idea he began to saunter 
over ignoring the slight growl he got from Ryo-Ohki.  Suddenly something 
didn't feel right; which was confirmed a moment later when a large branch from 
one of the trees broke loose having been cut by Ryo-Ohki's deflected beam.
	Sasami heard it too and screamed when she realized she wouldn't get out 
from under in time.  
	It never touched her.
	Slowly she looked out from under her outstretched arm and saw a very 
large (about 9' tall) humanoid shape above her holding the branch, quite 
easily in fact.  She took a good look at him and mentally went Yeah, alright, 
sure.  He looked kind of like a cross between the Genocyber (larger wingspan 
and tail) and a Zoalord (the Murakame one).
	"Thank you." she said as he threw the branch about twenty feet through 
the forest.
	Slowly she slid to the ground in a faint.  Cursing Drakhenn picked her 
up.  Ryo-ohki mrowed not wanting to be left behind; he looked over at her and 
told her to climb on.  She quickly climbed his scaly hide and settled herself 
on Sasami's prone form.  Scanning the area he quickly located a small humanoid 
settlement and started toward it.

					*

	Tenchi had just entered the door of his home and waited for the 
inevitable.  He was not disappointed.
	"Tenchi," he heard a Ryouko's voice before she even materialized, "How's 
about we go someplace private so we can 'discuss' our future living 
situation."  As always he got an almost intolerable rise out of the way she 
unashamedly rubbed up against him.
	"Ryouko!  What are you doing to lord Tenchi now?"  Ayeka.  She gave him 
the same feeling, but just a little bit differently, hers was more of an 
inocent (yeah we all know just how innocent she is) type of affection.
	He knew both loved him (he wasn't quite that dense), and at times he 
loved the both of them.  He knew that if he chose one above the other, there 
would be hell to pay.  Just as he knew that both would gladly bed him, but if 
he did that, the consequences could be...disastrous to say the least.  He also 
knew that Mihoshi and Washuu felt the same way about him, but their feelings 
weren't quite as pronounced as these two.  Sasami at least only thought of him 
as a big brother (though she was really his aunt). The other two could 
probably get along without him, and for that he was thankful; these two were 
bad enough.  I'm not quite as bad as Ranma, but damn close he thought to 
himself.  Today was not a good day for it however and he simply ignored them 
as he walked into the house, quickly followed by Yoshou and Cyrix.
	"I wouldn't bug him too much, ladies.  He just got some unsettling 
news." Cyrix said to the two girls.
	"Who's this?" Ryouko asked Tenchi suspiciously.
	Turning to face Cyrix he began the introductions.
	"Cyrix, this is Ryouko.  Ryouko, Cyrix."  Cyrix extended his hand toward 
her in greeting.
	"It's good to meet you." he said as she slowly she reached out and took 
his hand.
	Figures, thought Cyrix as he touched her hand.  Tenchi was wondering 
what it was with spiky hairdos nowadays.  Yoshou was looking back and forth 
between the two.  Naaaah, he thought.  Ayeka was looking at the newcomer 
speculatively.
	"I know you from somewhere don't I?" she asked him suddenly.
	Grinning he turned and looked at her.  "Well you ought to.  I was the 
one who always slipped you some candy when your mother wasn't looking." Ayeka 
giggled slightly.
	"Yes, she was always rather annoyed when she found that I had somehow 
gotten some candy to eat."
	"Yeah, Misaki's like that." he said laughing with her.
	She went over and hugged him warmly.  She pulled back a little and 
looked down at him.
	"Though I don't remember you being so short." she commented smiling.
	"Hey, everyone is tall to a baby."
	"What's going on in here? Ano, who's this?" A very short redhead said 
walking into the room.
	A strange expression crossed Cyrix's face as he looked at the spiky 
redheaded scientist in front of him.
	"My name is Cyrix.  Cyrix 'ip Tetran.  How goes it oh redhaired one." he 
said warmly, and extended his hand.
	Washuu stiffened a little when she heard his name.  Still she took his 
hand.
	"Charmed." she said coldly; releasing his hand, "So, which family are 
you from?" He bowed his head a little sadly and shook it negatively.
	"If you know about that, you know why I will not tell you." She sighed a 
little sadly too.
	"No I suppose you couldn't.  If you'll excuse me." and without waiting 
for a response she walked through her door in the wall.
	Cyrix looked a little down cast at her reaction to him.  Tenchi, who 
never liked seeing anyone in any kind of pain, quickly tried to explain away 
Washuu's actions.
	"I'm sure she is just tired or something.  She normally doesn't treat 
people like this."  Cyrix looked his face still downcast.
	"No.  She knew about the families.  That means she's had a few bad 
experiences with them." he laughed a little bitterly at this, "Hell, I'm not 
really surprised.  Most of my people are major Assholes."
	"Hey you still haven't met everyone else yet." Tenchi said quickly 
trying to change the subject, "Lets see there's Dad, he's at work; Sasami, but 
she's out playing with Ryo-Ohki..." Tenchi's monologue was interrupted by a 
loud piercing scream "...and that would probably be Mihoshi."  Quickly the 
assemble individuals rushed out toward where they had heard Mihoshi's scream.
	Arriving outside they saw Mihoshi cowering on the ground slowly backing 
up and pointing at a large reptile-like-humanoid holding a very annoyed little 
girl.
	"I'm alright now.  You can put me down."  Drakhenn looked down at the 
small forms in his arms, and told her not until he got her into her bed.
	Various of the assembled quickly got their weapons ready expecting the 
worse from this hulking creature.  Cyrix quickly interposed himself between 
the two groups before the situation got out of hand.
	"What's going on Drakhenn?" Drakhenn gave them all the short version of 
what happened.
	"I think you can put her down now.  I've scanned her; she's fine." he 
said shaking his head in amusement.
	Drakhenn quickly put her and Ryo-Ohki down.  To keep those assembled 
from doing something that woule be, in his opinion, stupid; he returned to his 
smaller, less imposing form. The assembled people quickly lowered their 
weapons.  Probably a good thing I was around, thought Cyrix.  They would have 
never stood a chance against a Star Dragon if he felt he was protecting 
something.
	Drahkenn slowly settled on Sasami's shoulder, and tried to hide there as 
Cyrix walked up to them.
	"Didn't I tell you not to eat anything sentient?"  Drakhenn bowed his 
head at the reprimand.
	"Hey, don't yell at him.  He saved my life."  she said grabbing him and 
protectively holding her to him.
	"You misunderstand me child.  He did very good saving you,"  Drakhenn 
beamed at this."...but he is still a young warrior.  I have been trying to get 
him to think a little more before he acts." Drakhenn gave him a yeah, yeah, 
yeah look.
	Bending down slightly he looked Sasami in the eyes.  She looks a lot 
like her mother.  A little discomfited by his scrutiny she blushed slightly.  
He almost laughed, but extending his hand he proceeded to introduce himself.
	"My name is Cyrix.  I hope we can still be friends, oh very pretty pink one." 
he said smiling.
	She blushed even more at his notice of her embarrassment.  Still she 
laughed and grasped his larger hand.
	"Sure!" she said excitedly.
	He stifled a gasp at her touch.  What was that, he wondered.  It was 
very familiar, and very powerful.  It's gone now though.  Guess I'll have to 
watch her too.  This is getting real fun.  Moving his gaze to the small furry 
mammal on her head he began talking to her.
	"You must be Ryo-Ohki." Mrow! Mrow! was the reply.
	Chuckling slightly he materialized a carrot out of thin air, making a 
friend for life.
	"Ryo-Ohki definitely loves carrots." he commented. 
	"She sure does." Sasami said laughing.
	Glancing down at the Dragon she was holding he noticed a comfortable 
rumble coming from him.  Great, I'll never get him away from her.
	<You're insufferable!  You know that?> he telepathically told him.
	Drakhenn snuggled himself down a little more and pretended to ignore 
him.  I give, he thought in exasperation.  He turned and walked over to where 
the others were trying to revive Mihoshi who had passed out moments before.
	"The monster!" she yelled as she came awake.
	"There's no monster here Mihoshi.  It was nothing." Tenchi said; trying 
to soothe her.
	"Oh really?  That's so good Tenchi, for a minute there I was really 
scared and...Oh my who is that?" she pointed toward Drakhenn.
	"Oh his name's Drakhenn.  He's the guy you saw a moment ago, but don't 
worry he was just trying to help me at the time."  Mihoshi hardly heard her as 
she stared at Drakhenn.
	"He's so cute!" she finally blurted.
	Cyrix never considered his scaly friend cute.  In fact he considered him 
pretty ugly, but seeing all the women that picked him up and called him cute, 
he really wondered about that.  He mentally shrugged and chalked it up as 
there being such a thing as being so ugly you're cute.
	"Mihoshi, this is Cyrix ip' Tetran." Tenchi said introducing the two.
	She rose from her position and looked emptily at the smaller man.  
Sasami went inside the house.
	"Oh wow!  Are you going to be staying here too?" she asked him 
innocently.
	"Err...no not exactly." he said noticing Tenchi's slight blanching at 
that idea, "Anyway, I am truly honored to meet you Galaxy Police Officer 
Mihoshi." he proffered her a slight bow, as he rose though his face had turned 
regretful, "I heard about what happened on Ferron IV.  I am truly sorry.  If 
any of us had been around at the time, we never would have let it happen."  A 
look of indescribable pain crossed her features momentarily before being 
replaced by the same empty headed expression that was there before.
	"Ferron where?" she asked innocently.
	"I understand." he said sympathetically, "It was nowhere.  Don't worry 
about it."
	"O.K.  Oh I've got to help Sasami cook supper!  Excuse me!" she said as 
she followed the little girl that disappeared in the house a moment before.
	Shrugging, everyone filed into the house.  Cyrix paused momentarily and 
waved in the direction he felt Washuu was watching him from.  Washuu started 
back from her viewscreen when she saw this.  Who in the hell are you, she 
wondered.

						*

	"...and so that's all I'm really here for." Cyrix finished.	The rest 
were busily eating while listening to his story.
	"So you're just here to train Tenchi in the...how did you put it...full 
use of his power?"  Ryouko asked him.
	"That's about the gist of it."  Though there will be more to come.
	"Oh yes, Lord Cyrix here is very good.  He's the one who trained my 
brother here in the more advanced skills of fighting." he inclined his head in 
response to Ayeka's compliment.
	"Please, just call me Cyrix.  I really have no use for titles."
	"As you wish unca Cyr." he laughed at the old name she used for him when 
she was just learning to speak.
	"Don't you like the food?" Sasami asked him, her bright pink eyes wide 
open.
	"It's not that.  You're food is very good Sasami."  Her smile returned 
to the brightness of a small quasar at that, "It's just not necessary for me 
to eat." he finished by way of explanation.
	Drakhenn said it just left more for him.
	"So have you thought about what we discussed a little while ago?" Cyrix 
asked addressing Yoshou.
	"Yes.  I have decided to allow it.  It will be more convenient for all 
of us I think."
	"What will?" Tenchi asked.
	"I just asked if I could construct a small Cabin out aways from this 
house as there are so many people living here already."  Tenchi felt a small 
amount of the tension that had been building drain out when he heard this.  At 
least that's something I don't have to worry about, he thought.
	"Where's Washuu-chan?" Sasami asked suddenly.
	"She hasn't come out since she disappeared into her lab this afternoon."  
Ryouko sighed, "I guess I'll go see what's up."
	"No." everyone seriptiously looked at Cyrix, "She's probably not coming 
out because of me.  I'll go see what's going on.  Try to get back on her good 
side anyway."  with that he rose and walked toward the door in the wall that 
led to her interdimensional lab.

					*

<Life Long Friend - Gary Numan>

	He closed the door behind him and felt it disappear.  Scanning this 
rather large dimension he felt her presence easily, and headed that direction.  
He walked slowly admiring all the wondrous toys that she had in her lab.  
Absently he pulled out a smoke, but before he lit it a beam of light came down 
and disintegrated it before he could even light it.  O.K. Gotcha Prof.  No 
smoking in your lab.  Eventually he came upon the scientist herself, hard at 
work at her genetic research station.
	"Hello Mr. Tetran.  What can I do for you?" she asked not even bothering 
to look up.
	"I have come to try to see what about me that arouses your ire, and to 
make amends if I can." he said neutrally.
	"You have done nothing." she said just as neutrally.
	"Then what about me arouses your ire?" he pressed.
	She turned to look at him emotions playing across her face.  Anger most 
of all.
	"You are a Tetranian.  Your people's way of life is the most disgusting 
thing I have ever known!" she almost yelled.
	"That is true, they are pretty disgusting." he replied calmly "But I 
like to think I have grown beyond their petty family squabbles."
	"Squabbles that take the lives of innumerable people!  Destroying 
countless others in the aftershocks!"
	"True again." he was trying to remain calm, but was quickly loosing it, 
"The lords of the families care only for themselves and their own power.  
Anything else becomes irrelevant to them." an edge began to enter his voice 
"That still doesn't explain your ire.  I have never even been close to being 
like them.  So Why?" he asked simply.
	"BECAUSE YOUR PEOPLE TOOK THE ONLY THING THAT EVER REALLY MATTERD TO ME!  
THE THING I WOULD STILL GIVE MY SOUL TO GET BACK, EVEN AFTER 23,OOO YEARS!  
IT'S ALL YOUR PEOPLES FAULT THEY TOOK THEM FROM ME!"  Washuu finally broke 
down in tears and turned away from him, "I don't even know why I'm telling you 
this." she said weakly; sobbing.
	Cyrix squeezed his eyes shut, trying to hold back tears of his own.  He 
couldn't...just couldn't take it anymore!  Enough of this shit!  There is no 
need anymore!  The universe owes me this!
	"K'thardin." he said quietly.
	She quit crying and froze when she had heard that name.  She turned and 
looked at him in shock; the color draining completely from her face.
	"Wha...What?" was all she could stammer out.
	"K'thardin." he repeated.
	Mutely she watched as he walked over and activated her gene scanning 
station.  Almost absently he traced a line across his hand, a cut appearing 
after his finger passed.  A little of his crimson blood dripped on the 
scanning station before the wound closed.  Immediately a picture of his DNA 
came up on a holographic screen.  Quickly it moved to a point in the chain and 
focused on a certain sequence.  A sequence she knew for a fact, only a few 
people in the entire universe could have.  Slowly he turned and looked at her.
	"My family's name is K'thardin.  My name has three optional spellings 
and pronunciations; all mean the same thing: love and honor. Cyrix, Cyrax, 
or..."
	"Cyraqs." she finished for him.
	"Yes, Cyraqs.  Used that way my name would be Cyraqs ip' K'thardin."  
Tears trickled down his face and his face broke into a smile of pure 
happiness, "You have no idea how long...how much I've wanted to..."
	Washuu wasn't aware of the fact that she had crossed the distance 
between them.  Slowly she reached up and touched his face with her hands.
He for his part had reached out and traced the curve of her face with his 
finger tips.  The same thing his father...it was more than enough to convince
her.  She just...just couldn't believe...after all this time...she threw
herself into his arms sobbing softly into his shirt.  He couldn't help himself
as he held her close to him and cried freely with her.
	"Mother...I..."
	"Shut up!" she sobbed "Just shut up and let me hold you, my son!" MY 
SON! She exulted; clutching him tightly to her.

					*

	Tenchi was absently wondering what had happened to Cyrix after he went 
in to see Washuu.  It had been two hours.  Dinner was long since over, though 
his father had come in late and was enjoying some leftovers while everyone 
else was enjoying the Ranma Fest that was going on on T.V.
	"EhHemm..." Everyone turned toward the owner of the voice.
	In the doorway to the living room, they saw a man with the happiest 
expression they had ever seen on anyones face, and they saw a small child-like 
woman hanging on the man's arm, occasionally dabbing away tears that formed at 
her eyes.
	"Everybody, I'd like you to meet Cyraqs ip' K'thardin..." her smile grew 
wider if that could be said to be possible, "MY SON!"
	People heard that facefall all the way to Oklahoma.

	End Episode II

	Whew! I put everything I had into that last part, hope it showed.  Gotta 
admit I never truly believed that her child would ever not try to find her.  I 
always wondered about that, and as time goes on I hope to shed more light on 
that.  Cyraqs has obviously had involvement with a lot of the other characters 
in the Tenchiverse and I will shed light on that as well.  Oh hell, I warn you 
now,  This series is going to be an emotional roler coaster at times.  Hope 
you enjoy the trip.  Questions, comments, constructive Flames?  I'm at 
nolendr@boxer.navy.mil