By David R. Nolen <nolendr@boxer.navy.mil>


Heaven and Eternity

by K'thardin

Standard Disclaimer:  (Do I really gotta write this $#!+?) Any lawyers from 
AIC, Pioneer, or whatnot please don't sue.  I know these aren't mine (except 
what I made).  I have no money and only hope you may pass this on to the 
creators of this series in hopes they might actually take me seriously and 
animate some of this (wishful thinking I know, but hey it could happen).

Author's Forward:  You know I went away for Christmas expecting to do nothing 
for two weeks.  Instead I found myself finishing about five other stories 
using the old fashioned pencil and paper way (The one I did watching "It's a 
Wonderful Life" Christmas eve was very cool I thought).  Oh well, no problem I 
suppose except now I have to transfer them all to digital info.  Fun!  Anyway 
this one is about Tenchi's little problem with accessing his power when he 
wants.  I also hope to shed a little light on why he can't, and what they do 
to correct this.  Hope you like this one I entitled it:

Wings of the Light Hawk

"I must not fear.  Fear is the mind killer."
		-Herbert

<Opening theme:  Sweet Child O'mine-Guns and Roses>

<Playing lightly in the background:  Sweet Dreams-Eurythmics>

	Tenchi was not amused.  No, in fact it could probably be said he was 
annoyed, and rapidly growing into pissed off by the whole situation.  
Presently he was in Washuu's lab (he wasn't entirely sure how he came to be 
there mind you), held captive by her Guinea Pig Restraint Globe(tm), with 
various probes and other advance looking test devices attached to him. Oh, and 
nearly nude; somehow he always wound up in this state in her lab.  That 
thought pushed him into out right rage; momentarily causing the Washuu Psycho 
Sensor(tm) to flash brightly, before it went back to the individual lights 
blinking at the random thoughts that went through his head.
	"You finished yet Mi...Washuu-chan?" He almost called her Miss Washuu 
again.  It was a good thing he caught himself as the last time he did that she 
nearly blew his head off, literally. "I really do have something that I need 
to do today y'know."
	She didn't even look up from her terminal when she answered. "I'll be 
done very shortly, so you needn't worry about that."  She did look up then, 
"You've kept trying right?" 
	He knew what she meant. Have I kept trying to generate the wings at 
will?  As a matter of fact..."That's kind of what I was going to be working 
with Cyraqs-sensei on today."

<Me So Horny-by whoever sings that>

	That's true, she thought.  But I still have some time before they start 
that.  Tenchi began to shudder as an unholy gleam entered her eyes.  She 
slowly, seductively, started to walk toward him; causing him to amend his 
previous statement.  That look isn't just unholy, that's sheer and unbridled 
lust.  Which was kind of disconcerting since it seemed to be coming from a 
girl of about twelve years of age (and no it didn't help that she could become 
a damn hot lady either).  He wasn't too concerned (bullshit) about that as 
usually one of the various other ladies of the house would come along and save 
him.
	Finally reaching him she grasped his shoulders and pulled herself up and 
on him in a very compromising (no this ain't the lemon either) position.  
Nuzzling his cheek she whispered seductively to him. "Did you know it's only 
four in the morning?"
	Tenchi immediately realized the implications of her words causing the 
lights on the Psycho Sensor to blow out in loud little pops as they were 
assaulted by a single powerful thought.  OH SHIT!
	"You know I have yet to get that sperm sample from you.  I think now 
would be a very good time don't you?"  Please help me Kami-sama, he cried 
silently.
	He knew his fate was likely sealed, because as much as he was probably 
going to enjoy this; when the others found out...he was dead!  And it was 
unlikely that anyone would come in and save him because no one could hear him 
scream in here, and in any case, no one was up at this hour.
	"Excuse me." a strangely deep and reverberating voice interrupted them.
	"GAAAAAAA!" she cried and jumped off of Tenchi quickly, who had damn 
near fainted by this time.
	Kami-sama still loves me; I'm saved, Tenchi thought in relief.
	A very deep red then purple blush came over Washuu when she saw who it 
was.  It would have been easy to explain what was going on to Mihoshi 
(gullible did not even begin to describe her) and Sasami would have fled in 
embarrassment.  However to be caught by this man, her son, of all people...
	If he was in the least bit disconcerted by what he had witnessed he gave 
no sign.  He mearly looked preoccupied with something else before he began 
speaking.
	"Are you ready to begin Tenchi?" he asked the semiconscious form hanging 
on the restraint globe.
	"Now would be the perfect time."
	"Very well."  Cyraqs looked over at Washuu; his expression still 
indeterminate, an effect magnified by his ever-present sunglasses. "Good 
morning mother." Did he almost sound disapproving?  Tenchi wasn't sure.
	"'Morning." she managed to reply weakly.
	Tenchi suddenly felt himself freed of the device, and he dropped easily 
to the floor.  Somehow his clothes wound up back on him as he landed.
	"Saves a little time." Cyraqs said by way of explanation. "Walk with me.  
We have things to discuss before we begin."  He inclined his head to Washuu.  
"Later."  She waved back sickly as they walked out.
	"Cyraqs..." Tenchi began to thank him, but stopped when he saw the space 
cold fury in Cyraqs' expression.
	I can only imagine what must be going on through his mind.  Seeing 
Washuu, his very own mother, and me...like that!  It's not even my fault!  I 
hope he doesn't blame me for it.
	Tenchi was startled when Cyraqs started laughing suddenly. "I don't hold 
you in the least responsible."  Say what?
	"How did you...I mean how..."
	Cyraqs grinned at him. "Quit thinking so loud.  It's kind of hard to 
tune it out you'll find."  His mood turned sad, and a trifle regretful then.  
"I suppose I shouldn't blame her for finding someone else after all this time.  
Still..." he couldn't bring himself to finish.
	"I wish I could make it right somehow." Oh did he wish he could.  He was 
really beginning to like this short guy.  In him he saw a friend, probably the 
only one he had.  And to cause him that kind of pain was the last thing he 
wanted to do.  He noticed that they were now at the steps that led to the 
shrine.  Shrugging Tenchi began to scale them with Cyraqs.
	<Dimensional travel.  You'll learn this too.>
	Cyraqs had talked to him like that before, so he wasn't surprised.  
Instead he was already considering the many uses this kind of travel could 
offer.
	"Now listen Tenchi, don't worry about my problems with Washuu.  There is 
nothing you can really do about it." he said out loud. "That's a problem I 
must resolve myself."  In the future. As much as I might wish otherwise I have 
to make training you my primary concern.  Otherwise when the shit hits the 
fan, and you're not ready, people we care about could die.  Including Mother.  
They were silent for a time before Cyraqs spoke again. "I have been giving 
your problem some thought Tenchi."
	"Which one?" he asked wryly.
	"The one involving your inability to access your power.  Any other 
problems you may have are entirely yours.  Besides I wouldn't worry too much 
about the others." he shrugged, "Things like that have a habit of working 
themselves out eventually.
	"Thanks a lot." he said, not in the least comforted by the shorter mans 
pronouncement.
	"All part of the service.  Now as I said before; I have given this 
problem some thought," they finally crested the last of the stairs, "and from 
what I can tell about what you've told me; you're so afraid of your power that 
you have somehow sealed it away from yourself."
	I suppose that's possible, he thought, but why would I be afraid of it?
	"Well think about it.  You have never had any experience with any kind 
of power before.  Hell you haven't even pulled off a simple Ki blast, but all 
of the sudden you face one cosmic menace and just as suddenly find you have 
power enough to kill him and few dozen star systems as an after thought.  That 
didn't frighten you just a little?"
	As a matter of fact that did scare him.  It scared the living shit out 
of him when he thought about it.  If that is the case..."How do we get around 
this then?"
	"I've thought about that too.  Washuu told me about the times you have 
accessed your power, and from what I could tell it involved (how should I put 
this) one of two specific factors." he replied.
	"So you think if we duplicated the factors involved we could eventually 
overcome my block?"
	Cyraqs was impressed with his reasoning skills, "Precisely.  I figured 
out a couple of ways it could be done; a fast way or a slow way.  Which do you 
prefer?"
	"I am really tired of not being able to control it.  Let's do it the 
fast way."
	Cyraqs grinned very evilly.  "I had a feeling you might say that."  
Without skipping a beat he gave Tenchi a backhanded punch that sent him across 
the shrine yard.
	
	<Fire-Mortal Kombat Annihilation sound track>

	What the hell?!  It was the only thought he had time for before he was 
forced to roll quickly to one side as Cyraqs jumped an incredible distance; 
landing right where he had been half a second ago.  The impact caused a small 
explosion throwing Tenchi away from the area.
	Rolling when he hit the ground with the practiced ease of many years of 
his Grandfather's training, he sprang to his feet.  The Tenchi-ken was 
instantly in his hands and sprang to life in a light-saber like hiss.  To no 
avail; Cyraqs quickly rushed him from the small crater he had created, and 
just as quickly hit Tenchi's wrist, disarming him.  Tenchi was taken aback at 
how fast this man was attacking him.  Cyraqs used this momentary distraction 
to deliver a roundhouse kick to Tenchi's chest.  The force of the kick sent 
him towards and through the Shrine's fence and into the forest surrounding the 
Shrine.
	He was dazed as he weakly pulled himself to his feet.  He tried to focus 
on the man advancing on him, but his eyes didn't seem to want to cooperate.  
He did see something; however, and when he realized what it was it chilled him 
to the bone.  Cyraqs had both hands raised and a globe of power, far stronger 
than he had ever seen before, was forming between his hands.
	He had seen Ryouko do this more times than he could count, and even if 
he hadn't, he had seen enough Dragon Ball Z to know what this meant.  THIS GUY 
IS GOING TO KILL ME!  It was his last real thought as Cyraqs sent his beam of 
pure force toward Tenchi.
	Time seemed to slow down for him.  The fear for his own life had driven 
everything else from his mind, and he saw the white light in his mind again, 
inviting him to take it up. USE ME! a part of his mind cried.  He reached out 
and accepted it; drawing the power into the open and from there all around 
into himself.  As before he felt the change overtake him; calming him.  With 
this there was nothing he could not do!
	This had all taken place in a fraction of a microsecond, and when done 
he faced the power coming at him without fear; knowing nothing could harm him.  
It should be pointed out that overconfidence has been the downfall of many an 
individual (tyrants, dictators, avid video gamers, and the like), and while 
Tenchi did not wind up dead, it surprised the hell out of him, what happened 
next.
	The blast struck the field of pure light-hawk force that he had placed 
before him, and he was pushed back.  Actually pushed back!  It was 
inconceivable to him; nothing had ever been able to stand up to him before, 
much less do this!  The energy finally abated, but he sensed a new attack 
about to come his way.  Quickly he willed his sword and armor into existence 
and prepared himself.
	Cyraqs watched all this and smiled in anticipation.  If he thought that 
was something, now he's in for a real surprise.  Concentrating a small sphere 
of force with two long diamond like force constructs to either side of it 
appeared before him.  Grasping it; a pulse of light ran along it's length, and 
where it passed it was changed to a long wood like pole, until finally his 
fighting staff was fully formed.
	Tenchi barely parried the first strike, but quickly recovered.  With 
that the battle began in earnest.
	<Yes, Tenchi, feel the flow of power to you as you access it!>
	Tenchi brought his sword down in an overhand strike; Cyraqs raised the 
staff over his head to block.
	<You are only using a minute fraction of the power you are capable of.>
	Cyraqs quickly thrust the sword aside, and brought his staff around to 
strike at Tenchi's midsection.
	<As you use more of your power you find everything about you will be 
amplified.  Strength and speed for example.>
	Tenchi blocked the thrust to his side with the sword; consciously 
pulling in more power, he moved faster than any normal human being could ever 
hope to and performed a flying hurricane kick in mid block.
	<The power you are using comes from all things and all places.  It's 
every kind of energy in creation.>
	Cyraqs ducked under the kick and swept Tenchi's legs out from under him.
	<There are no limits to what can be accomplished.  All limits are set by 
ourselves.>
	Tenchi fell and rolled gracefully backwards.  Recovering his feet with 
ease he delivered a powerful horizontal swipe of his sword toward the smaller 
man's throat.
	<We constantly transcend our limitations, and therefore, become more 
powerful.>
	Cyraqs dodged nimbly, while twirling his staff in a downward arc toward 
Tenchi's head.
	<But the true secret of the power is something much more subtle, and 
wonderful at the same time.>
	Tenchi sidestepped the strike and parried the follow through aimed at 
his head.
	<The power is ultimately used to protect those we love.  Just like you 
have always done.>
	The two fighters pulled back from each other; circling each other 
warily.
	<That's the biggest secret of our power Tenchi.  If you have the will; 
if you have the love; no force can overcome you.>  With that Cyraqs' mind fell 
silent within Tenchi.
	The two powerful beings moved toward each other again; dodging, 
striking, parrying; continuing for many hours.  Finally they stopped; Tenchi 
breathing very hard, Cyraqs not breathing at all.  Both were smiling 
(Adrenaline is cool, man).
	"You feel it, Tenchi?  You finally feel it?"
	He had never held on to his power this long before, but now Tenchi 
marveled at the feel of the power coursing through every fiber of his being.  
He could see things he never could before.  Hear things, smell things, touch 
things, like never before.  He even had new senses that couldn't be described 
on those terms.  It was like existing simultaneously in different realities 
and dimensions all at the same time.  It was confusing, terrible, 
overwhelming.  It was fantastic.
	He didn't even try to keep the exultation out of his voice.  "YES!  This 
is the most awesome thing I have ever experienced!"
	Cyraqs nodded his head in understanding. "It is, but even now you barely 
see a fraction of its totality.  Soon you will exist in all realities and 
dimensions, do things you never thought possible, experience things you could 
never hope to imagine!  It's one hell of a trip, let me tell you."
	Tenchi could only marvel at it all.  With a cry that pierced the heavens 
he sent a bolt of pure energy in the sky; breaking the silence of the world 
with it boom as it exploded, coloring it in all directions (Plasma, right?).
	Relaxing, he let his armor and sword vanish.  The white-light in his 
mind faded, but pulsed weakly at the edge of his consciousness; waiting to be 
used again.  He wasn't afraid of it anymore.  
	How could he be after today?
	He looked over at Cyraqs (who had let his staff vanish) in gratitude; he 
mearly inclined his head toward Tenchi.
	"I once had a student around four thousand-five hundred years ago." he 
started.  Tenchi was unsure of where he was going with this, especially after 
what happened, but he listened.  "He was half Tetranian like me, and like me 
went through hell there.  In one of the struggles of our race a good portion 
of his body was destroyed.  I took it upon myself to teach him how to 
compensate for that.  After awhile his body became mostly energy; he could 
move easily; do whatever he wanted.  What he wanted was to try to make things 
better."  He smiled bitterly. "I introduced him to a person I knew would be 
able to help him achieve his goal.  She needed another assistant anyway so she 
took him on.  I had no idea how warped he had become though.  He wanted to 
make it all better by conquering it all."
	Something in Tenchi's mind clicked at hearing this.  Does he mean..?
	"Kagato?" he asked in disbelief.
	He nodded his head sadly. "Yes.  There are a couple of lessons here.  
First one is no matter how old or good we become sometimes we misjudge things; 
peoples.  The Second one is this:  Never ever forget why you have the power.  
If you do you wind up hurting the people you love like he did.  It also makes 
you our enemy.  Do you understand?"
	He knew what to say then.  He had said it once before to the same man 
that Cyraqs was talking about. "I would rather die, than forsake any one of 
them."
	Cyraqs looked into his eyes and saw the truth of Tenchi's words.  
Alright then Tenchi.  Let's do this.
	"So I take it from that class twenty power blast the light-hawk wing 
problem has been solved?"  Washuu always picked the strangest times to show 
up.
	Tenchi did not answer in words, but in producing his usual three for 
her.  He was fairly sure he could do more, but he didn't think it would be 
wise to push it just yet.
	Washuu's ever present light board sprang in front of her awaiting 
fingertips.  She took some power level readings and watched, eyes very wide, 
as the power measurements went off scale.  Yes, I definitely believe that 
problem is solved.
	Tenchi grinned at her as he let the light-hawk wings drop, and he 
surveyed the damage the battle had caused.  There was some slight damage, but 
not really bad, despite the power levels focused at each other.  Still 
something would have to be done.
	"We better clean this place up a little." he suggested.
	Taking a gander at the area himself; Cyraqs could only agree.  "Probably 
a good idea.  Gives you the opportunity to start the next part anyway."
	"Next part?"
	"Control."
	The two headed toward the shrine to begin repairs, psychokinetic like.  
Washuu decided to teleport back to her lab to input this new data, and observe 
their progress with more powerful equipment.  Hell, she couldn't let research 
like this slip through her fingers.
	Unbeknownst to any of them a fourth person; very female, tall, with 
water blue hair, and pink eyes was watching them.
	Her original intentions here were to keep an eye on her 'weapon' against 
the dark goddess.  She had been watching him all his life, carefully guiding 
him toward that fateful day when he would be needed in the battle against 
Tokimi.  She loved him, of course.  It would have been impossible for her not 
to.  She felt just as much his mother as his own mother must have felt.  With 
that thought in mind she wasn't too sure it was really proper the way she 
caused him to use his power for the first time.  Oh well it was only a little 
innocent seduction and it got the job done.  It's not like she slept with him 
(she did not want to hurt any of her friends, though she knew she could take 
him any time she wanted too).
	She had carefully manipulated the bloodlines of the Juraians for the 
express purpose of making him.  And now here he was, better than anything she 
could ever have hoped.
	A lot better.  She had never dared dream that her Tenchi (notice the 
possessive here folks) would be a being on the magnitude that this star god 
was.
	That stopped her thoughts for a minute.  She had just called her best 
friend 'this star god'.  That's what he was, but still that was kind of cold 
hearted to think of him as just that.
	Was he not the one who had helped her in her times of greatest peril.  
	Was he not the one that promised to protect her and her children, the 
Juraians, during the wars against the Djinn.  Even though it was he that had 
come looking for help.
	Was he not the one who took risk after risk, blow after blow for her to 
make sure she survived during that time.  Even when she did a couple of really 
stupid things during that war, he still cared for her.
	Was he not her best friend who had seen her not as a goddess, but a very 
sad and frightened being, and had been there for her even though he didn't 
know why she was those things.
	Yes, he had always been there for her; sometimes as a friend, and 
sometimes even more when she needed it.  Now he was here for Tenchi too.
	The fact that he was here scared her though.  If he came so might the 
others.  And if they all found out about it, the echoes that would be left in 
the psychic ether of the universe would tip Tokimi off to them.  She would 
marshal her full forces and so would they.  It would make the wars against the 
Djinn look like a schoolyard brawl.  
	No best to not tell him anything, she thought, much as it pains me to 
leave him in the dark like that.  If he does find out though, I'll have to 
find a way to convince him not to tell the others, out of concern for me.
	Y'know, she thought to herself, it kind of sucks being in love with 
someone like that.  Too he doesn't know it.  She hesitated on that thought.  
Then again I'm not sure if that's not a good thing.
	"I thank you anyway Cyraqs; for everything." she said mistily.
	Cyraqs paused his explanation to Tenchi, looking behind him.
	"What is it?"
	"Nothing." Cyraqs answered, "Just thought I heard someone."  He 
continued to look for a long moment 'til he shrugged figuring he must have 
done one too many drugs in his youth.  With that in mind he turned his full 
attention back to his student.

						*

	"The Move is completed My lady." D3 reported, "It is unlikely we will be 
interfered with in this part of the universe."
	Approval radiated from Tokimi, but also a question; which was directed 
to the cowled entity kneeling on the dais. <<Have you found out anything about 
this strange dampening field around the boy's world, Azmodeus?>>
	The black cowled form shifted until it was seen he was looking at her.  
His face however remained hidden.  Without words he replied that he had not.
	<<Continue your investigation then.  It is quite possible an unknown 
agent has entered the playing field.  We need more information before we 
proceed with the plan.>>
	He acknowledged her command with a bow.  Then something occurred to him; 
which he voiced to his goddess.
	<<That is possible, I will ask that of them.>>
	Azmodeus vanished from the dais, and Tokimi and D3 did as well.  Another 
form, unknown to the originals, chose this time to depart too, as he had seen 
all that interested him.
	So you like my little field, do you? thought Cyraqs.  Glad you do.  Hope 
you don't mind if I make it too hard for you.  I look forward to the day you 
have to take care of all these little problems that keep cropping up 
personally.
	That thought made him smile.  In fact it made his whole day.
<End Theme: Dreams-Vanhalen>

End III

AFTERWARD:  I wonder what Tsunami meant when she was thinking those things 
don't you?  Well I won't go into too much detail, but the wars against the 
Djinn happened in that universe around 17,000 years ago.  These were beings 
that traveled from universe to universe consuming all the life energies from 
them.  This didn't sit too well with Cyraqs and those like him.  Only problem 
was one Djinn was the equal to one of them and they were out numbered about 
five to one.  Quickly realizing they were going to loose like that they went 
looking for help.  One of the beings Cyraqs found was Tsunami, who agreed to 
help them, as she loved this universe and didn't want to see any harm come to 
it.

I hope that clears that up as I don't plan to spend too much time on that.  I 
once tried to write a story about it in my head, but the sheer enormity of it 
made my mind balk at such a concept so you'll have to be content with that 
summary.

Anyway questions? comments? constructive criticisms? I'm at 
nolendr@boxer.navy.mil
