By David R. Nolen <nolendr@boxer.navy.mil>


Heaven and Eternity

by K'thardin

Standard disclaimer: Megatron and Galvatron would kick ass together.  Anyway 
same drill I don't own these guys (except what I made).  If any of you lawyer 
types out there have a problem with this don't bother suing I have no money.  
Better yet go watch the OVA's if you get the urge to sue, it would be a better 
use of your time anyway.

Authors Forward:  Ever notice how much a lot of Fanfics about this series look
like Mortal Kombat?  What I mean is here you have a bunch of gods using a 
bunch of mortals to do their work.  And the entire situation is most likely 
going to be settled by those mortals fighting it out.  Hell I wouldn't be 
surprised if there were a few Elder Gods out their watching Tokimi, Tsunami, 
and Washuu right now enforcing some set of rules only they could understand.  
Anyway my fanfics are going to be a little different in that category, as they 
are going to be decided somewhat by...what the hell am I doing?  I'd ruin it 
if I told you.  This story has nothing to do with any of that.  In fact it's 
pretty short when compared to the others.  I call my latest installment...

Nightmares

"So tell me; when does everyone stop complaining, and someone starts doing 
something meaningful about it?"
		-Russell Loyd Cross

<Opening Theme: I am a Pioneer-Sharon Scott>

	The Old Man sunk heavily down in his chair and considered the 
information on the screen before him.
	So that's all there is anywhere huh?  There are gaps in this a mile 
wide.  Too much is missing for me to pass on to Cyraqs.  Why can't the lady be 
more forthcoming with the information?  Pretty soon it won't even matter.
	A shifting of the space behind him and a powerful yet familiar energy 
signature told him he was no longer alone.
	"Hello." he greated the presence without even looking at it. "What can I 
do for you?"
	"You can tell me why you are searching so hard for any information about 
us."  the presense replied in a soft female voice. 
	He turned then and looked at her.  "Because after this is over both 
Tenchi and Cyraqs are going to need to now the truth.  It is owed to them.  
You especially owe them this Achika."
	The scene shifts and you see a young woman with siver free flowing hair 
and red eyes; clothed in a Kimono of purples and white and no shoes.  On her 
face is a very disapproving expression.
	"What is owed them is beside the point.  When I came to you for help you 
said you would do so without asking questions.  Especially when I showed you 
the dangers that the universe faced in the future."
	He smiled at her wryly.  "Yes I did.  I said I wouldn't ask you any 
questions.  I never said anything about trying to find shit out on my own." 
She increased her frown by a factor of a thousand; he ignored it.  "So far I 
have found some very interesting things, and if half of them are true you four 
goddesses have made a major mess of things." His entire demenor changes to 
deadly serious; still keeping his smile.  "Because of that, if we win, they 
are going to need this information if they are going to clean up the mess..." 
he punctuates his next remark by pointing his finger at her, "You four have 
made."  He lowers his hand and continues staring at her.  "And if you're too 
embarassed or cowardly to tell them the truth about themselves, I am not."  
His power starts glowing in a soft red aura around him. "And I would suggest 
you not try to stop me.  You know what I am.  Not even you can take me."
	She considers all this and looks at the floor.  Perhaps in shame, 
perhaps in anger.  Whatever the reason she made a decision and looks at him in 
a grudging acceptance. "Even I don't know everything.  I can only speculate on 
the others actions during this entire affair."  Her voice lowers into almost a 
whisper at this next part.  "I will give you what I know.  My...son...will 
need to know."
	He nodded his head in approval.  I suppose even Goddesses can grow up, 
he mused.  Still I need more than she can give me.  There is a way to get the 
full history, but I can only use it once.  He laughed a little when he thought 
of it.  My end is not far off, so I guess it don't really matter.  Might as 
well ask the oracle.
	"I asume I am still welcome on this world." she asks hopefully.
	"Of course.  Can't have Tokimi finding you too.  That would be bad if 
she got all three of you.  Bad enough she's zeroed the other two of your 
sisters."  Yes, but she'll have to go through some of the most powerful beings 
in the universe to get them.  I hope Tenchi will be finished in time.  The 
others know something is up and are quietly preparing themselves.  When the 
time comes I hope we will all be ready.  He smiled suddenly; this is getting 
real fun.

<Lightly in the background:  Open Arms-Journey>

	It was night.  No moon, but the stars in the sky were particularly 
bright this night.  It was also cold.  The kind of cold that says I should 
snow, but I'm not going to just to piss you off.  All this meant nothing to 
the short bearded man who was walking outside, for lack of anything better to 
do.
	He took another puff on his smoke, and pondered the many things that 
were going on in his life.
	My brother said everything is in place.  As soon as the last players 
make their entrance, that little (rather that very large) bit of our life is 
done.  Just sit back and watch the fireworks.
	Tokimi and her group of cosmic beings haven't really made any moves 
toward these people recently.  Moving that entire galaxy was a neat trick, but 
futile against one such as I.  Man now I'm starting to sound like one of those 
really weird cosmic god types you read in Marvel Comics.  She still hasn't 
mentioned what precisely they are after here, not that I've heard anyway.  I 
mean she has no army in the traditional sense of the word, so that kind of 
conquest is out of the question.  Perhaps she is after something altogether 
different?  But what if she does have an army somewhere; what then?  Damnit, I 
wish I could leave a recording device there or even a transmitter, but there 
is too much chance it will be discovered.  Guess I'll have to get lucky.
	He entered the Misaki home almost absently; throwing his smoke into 
atomic particles before entering.  Inside he continued his musings.
	Tenchi's progress is amazing!  It'll be summer some time when he'll be 
ready for the final lesson.  Already he's beginning to change; his being 
adapting to the demands that he puts on it.  He's going to sleep later and 
getting up earlier; his appetite is beginning to dwindle; and I don't think 
he's even noticed yet, but he rarely breaths now.  And the amount of power he 
can safely hold is increasing exponentially.  Soon, very soon.
	He floated up to the top of the rafters; where Ryouko slept.  Strange 
girl, he thought, but I still love her.  He noticed she had kicked part of her 
covers off and was curled up into a ball.  Kind of like a cat, he thought 
before he reached over and covered her up again.  He watched as she stretched 
out again and actually began to purr. He wondered what she would do if he 
started petting her.  That thought cause him to laugh silently, and floated 
back down to floor level.
	He began to walk up the stairs, not even making them squeak as he 
walked.  He quietly scanned the house making sure all was well inside.  An old 
friend of his once told him that he was paranoid at times.  He replied by 
saying to her that it was only around people he gave a damn for that he was 
paranoid.  She responded by kissing him quite thoroughly and jokingly called 
him her hero!
	There was a thought.  The awareness he had touched when he scanned this 
world was still here.  The echo's that marked its passage were all around, but 
other than that, he could find no trace of his long time friend.  She was good 
at remaining invisible, he gave her that, then again I was the one who taught 
her.  Still it's only a matter of time I suppose.  Probably doing something 
I'm not supposed to know about.  All in good time; I'm very patient.
	He reached the end of the hallway, and was about to shift his presence 
into his mom's lab when he suddenly felt a faint psychic emanation.  Tracing 
it's source he found it came from the room that Ayeka and Sasami shared.
	Curious he walked over and quietly opened the door.  Inside he saw 
Drakhenn (he had been surprised the first night when he found his scaly 
student at the foot of Sasami's bed asleep) looking at Sasami with a concerned 
expression.  On mirrored by Ryo-ohki (who also slept with Sasami; she attracts 
things like that, you see) and her sister Ayeka.  Obviously the little one was 
having some sort of nightmare; who was also strangely enough, the source of 
the psychic emanation.
	He silently walked into their room.  Ayeka looked up as he entered, but 
quickly turned her attention back to Sasami.  Her expression was one of 
sisterly concern, worry, and helplessness.  He sat down on the opposite side 
of Sasami and asked her a question.
	"This happen a lot?"
	Ayeka didn't take her eyes off Sasami when she answered.  "Yes.  Ever 
since she was a small child."  She paused briefly and took a deep breath. "But 
for some reason they've been getting worse."  She looked up at him, scarlet 
eyes pleading. "Is there nothing you can do?"
	He considered it momentarily.  In the realm of dreams my powers are 
second only to the lord of that realm.  Normally it would be easy enough to 
quiet nightmares, but this doesn't feel like a normal dream.  He heard her 
utter a small cry of terror in her sleep; making up his mind immediately as 
concern for her overrode anything else.
	"I will do everything in my power." he promised; Ayeka looked at him 
gratefully.
	Taking a deep breath (which in itself was weird since he didn't breath), 
and adjusting his ever-present sunglasses (don't ask me why he has them, 
you'll find out later), he reached out with his mind and touched hers.  
Instantly he was dragged inside.

							*

	There was devastation all around.  He couldn't really see it per se, but 
it was definitely there.  Everywhere; not one part of the universe was 
untouched by whatever had caused this.  He took a better look and noticed the 
bodies that floated by occasionally.  Yes, they are very dead, he thought.  
There has obviously been one hell of a war here.  He scanned the dead and 
stopped in shock when he recognized a few of them.  His friends, his brothers, 
his fellows were all dead.  I know what this is now; I have to find how Sasami 
fits into all this.
	If it can be said a dream can have borders it can be said that he 
scanned the entire area of the dream.  He found her very quickly; a mass in 
the bodies shifted and rose to challenge her.  It was Tenchi and he looked 
like he had seen better days.  But Sasami...she didn't look like herself at 
all.  She was older, he'd give her around seventeen years now, but that wasn't 
the problem.  It was the combination of tortured horror and maniacal glee on 
her face.  Something was forcing her to do these horrible things; somehow he 
felt that she was responsible for all this destruction.  What could make 
her..?  That presence within her what is it?  He looked at her with eyes only 
a being like him possessed; what he saw horrified him.
	TOKIMI!  He mentally screamed.  She made you do all this?!  Where did 
even she get this kind of power?  He then saw Tokimi force Sasami to accept 
Tenchi's challenge and attack.  Tenchi struck back with the full powers that 
would one day be available to him, but even that wasn't enough.
	She beat him, easily.  As he fell she caught him and held him close to 
her.  He felt her reach inside the core of Tenchi's very being twisting it; 
changing it to conform to Tokimi's perverted view of what it should be.  That 
could not be done...unless it was something he wanted deep in his soul.  
Considering who had done it, Tenchi probably would let her.  It was over in a 
second, and he stood now, proudly, by her side; obviously some sort 
of...consort for Tokimi.
	He saw himself then and someone else, the last of the Universes 
defenders, approach them about to engage in a battle.  Tears in his eyes, he 
attacked them as did the other being.  It was a battle he knew they wouldn't 
win.
	Cyraqs', the real Cyraqs', power flared around him in anger.  This will 
end!
	*ENOUGH!* he cried.  The power and force of his command staggered the 
dream; warping it, distorting it until it finally collapsed all around him; 
leaving only blackness and one terrified nine-year old little girl.
	Instantly at her side, he gathered her into a tight embrace.  He 
wondered about what he had seen, but this was more important.

<November Rain-Guns and Roses>

	"It's alright.  I'm here.  This isn't real.  It'll be o.k.  " he 
repeated over and over, as she clutched him tightly and poured forth wave 
after wave of anguish.
	"Do you mean it?" she asked him between sobs.
	He responded by holding her even tighter. "Yes.  I won't let anything 
happen to you."
	"Do you really mean it?"  The voice was the same, yet different, deeper, 
older, more mature.
	He suddenly realized that he wasn't holding a little girl anymore.  He 
pulled back in surprise to stare in the face a very distraught, very beautiful 
woman.  He knew her.  In fact her knew her quite well.  Tsunami!  That 
explains a lot, he thought, but he had more immediate concerns.  Pulling her 
back into his arms he gave her a promise; the same one he had given her 
thousands of years ago, when she asked him a similar question.
	"On my life.  On my soul."  He continued to hold her until she cried 
herself out.
	After a time she pulled herself back from him.  Pulling his glasses off 
she looked into the eyes of he who was her best friend, and had at times been 
much more (Animation note:  the camera doesn't let you see his eyes).
	Putting on his best smart-ass act he grinned at her slightly.  "My, you 
look a fright don't you.
	"Asshole!" she laughed and cried at the same time.  "I suppose you are 
wondering about this, aren't you?"
	"The circumstances, yes.  The specifics, no.  I'm not quite that dense." 
He said this as he trace the outline of her face with his finger tips, a sign 
of affection his father had always shown him.  She knew this very well and 
smiled at the familiar gesture.
	"Well you are pretty dense about things like this." she commented, "I 
mean, I thought you would figure it out after at least the second day."
	He rubbed a couple of her stray tears away and replied; still in his 
most sarcastic tone.  "Well forgive me if I don't think things like that about 
my friends."  He turned serious then; still keeping his gentle expression.  
"Listen, we'll talk later.  You look like you haven't slept for weeks and 
Sasami sure could use some untroubled sleep.  Don't y..."  He trailed off as 
he watched Tsunami drop off into a peaceful slumber.  "Never mind." he smiled 
at her fondly.
	He put his glasses back on and willed a scene of open, over grown 
fields, and sunshine into existence.  He watched in fascination as the form of 
Tsunami in his arms dissolved to that of Sasami.  Laughing, she sprang from 
his arms, and began chasing lots of Ryo-ohki's and miniature dragons that had 
sprung from nowhere.  She completely ignored him as he was now just an 
extraneous part of her dream.  Seeing no further reason to stay, he slowly 
walked through a tunnel that appeared from no where and left her mind.
	He shook his head a little as he returned to reality.  Man, need to lay 
off the acid.  He focused his attention on Sasami, who had begun smiling in 
her sleep.  Ayeka looked at him gratefully.
	"Your sister is...she has the gift of prophesy." he whispered, "Her 
nightmares are visions; warnings of what may come to pass."
	She didn't even care that her sister had this power.  She was still 
Sasami, her sister, and would always be; no matter what.  Ayeka, however, grew 
worried when she heard the edge of fear that was in his voice.  He never 
seemed scared of anything, but something just managed to do just that.  She 
mustered up the courage and asked a question.  "What did she see?"
	"It wasn't...good." He's really scared of it! she thought.  What could 
it have been.  "It was only a possibility of what might occur.  One of an 
infinite possible futures."  Forgot he reads minds sometimes.
	"Can nothing be done then?"
	"About that future?  Sure.  Make sure it doesn't happen.  But the 
visions..." he turned his gaze back to Sasami, "No.  I could block the 
visions, but after awhile her mind would collapse under the strain.  All that 
can really be done is be there for her." Damn, even with all my power I can't 
do everything. "At least tonight she will sleep without fear."  He turned his 
gaze back to Ayeka. "Which I suggest you do as well."
	For some reason she felt her eyelids grow heavy and dropped immediately 
into a deep slumber.
	As he moved Ayeka to her futon he asked Drakhenn if he knew about Sasami 
and Tsunami.  Drakhenn replied he had put it together the day they got there.
	<And you didn't feel it necessary to inform me?>
	Drakhenn replied, by telling him he felt that he could be able to figure 
it out on his own.  In any case he was told not to tell Cyraqs.
	<Have to ask her later then.>  Cyraqs thought about pressing the issue 
of Drakhenn's silence, but shook his head in disgust.  It wouldn't do any good 
anyway; he had trained the dragon too well.  His own personal feelings were 
getting the better of him here, and taking it out on Drakhenn would be just 
plain wrong.
	Drakhenn watched the play of emotions on Cyraqs' face and laughed 
quietly.  He figured Cyraqs would figure it out eventually, or if not 
Tsunami would point that out to him too.  He watched Cyraqs turn his full 
attention to Sasami, quite obviously intending to watch her all night.
	Tenchi walked by the room then, and seeing Cyraqs in there he entered.  
Cyraqs looked up and saw a question in his student's face.  He made a motion 
of his head toward Sasami in explanation.  Tenchi understood and sat down 
opposite of her; exactly where Ayeka had been sitting minutes ago.  He too 
would watch her for the night.
	Ryo-ohki had finally settled down and snuggled back into Sasami; asleep 
as well.
	Drakhenn briefly considered the forces that now surrounded the little 
girl (he counted himself among them, mind you) and concluded that he would 
feel very sorry for anything that ever threatened her.  Figuring all was well 
now, he too settled down and lost consciousness.
	Cyraqs watched Sasami breathe and smile in her slumber.  Sleep, he told 
her silently, sleep and never fear that I will not be here to protect you.

<End Theme: Hero-Crosby & Collins>

End 5

Authors Afterward:  An interesting little interlude if I do say so myself (and 
I do).  Well what do you think?  Questions?  Comments?  Constructive 
Criticisms?  I'm at nolendr@boxer.navy.mil.