Heaven and Eternity

by K'thardin

Standard Disclaimer: I need to make a standard one.  Writing this out 
every time is getting annoying.  I don't own Tenchi Muyo!.  I do own the 
characters I have put in.  I would still like to see this animated 
though, Oh well.  There that's all I'm writing this time.

Authors Forward:  I was told that very few stories seem to concentrate 
on Tenchi alone.  In fact they seem to concentrate more on how the 
characters interact (most being female and in love with him) rather than 
his view of things.  Curious, I decided to try it out to see what it 
would be like to be Tenchi for a day.  I hope I gave an accurate idea of 
what goes through his mind.  Well here it is...


Tenchi's Normal Day

"You ever think that Baoh was a Guyver rip-off?"
		-Nolen's book of quotable quotes and observations (rev)

<Opening Theme: Sweet Child O'Mine-Guns and Roses>

	Tenchi awoke and looked at his clock.  Kami-sama 2:00 in the a.m.!  
Why can't I sleep more than four hours any more?
	Miserably he sunk back in his pillows.  He really wanted to 
continue the dream he was having; it involved Ryouko tied up and 
helpless before him.  He briefly considered going to talk to Ryouko to 
examine the possibilities of such an act.  Hell, she'd enjoy it more 
than I would, he thought.  He didn't even want to consider the 
consequences of involving sex into the picture, what with so many other 
super powerful females in the house madly in love with him.  So he lay 
in his bed for about half an hour and pondered how much it really sucked 
having satisfaction so close; yet so far away.
	A stray thought crossed his head, but was just as quickly 
dismissed.  That would only leave him even more frustrated as he would 
want the real thing even more next.  Realizing this was getting him 
nowhere quick; he grumbled a little and got up.
	He started walking toward the bathroom, very slowly; partly 
because he was in no mood to go fast and partly because he didn't want 
to wake anyone (a certain anyone to be more accurate).  Finally getting 
there he paused momentarily to see if anyone, actually a sliver spiky 
trussed anyone, had followed him before emptying his bladder.
	He looked at the shower for about half a second and decided that 
would be a good idea.  He briefly considered going to the floating baths 
that Ryouko and Ayeka had constructed, but thought better of it.  At 
times Washuu-sa...er chan (best not to even think it) took late night 
baths, and she was not someone he cared to run into.  She hadn't tried 
to seduce him recently, assuming you wanted to call what she did 
seduction.  In fact she hadn't tried anything that blatant since her son 
had caught her trying that a couple of months ago.  He considered that 
to be a very large blessing.  His mind continuing to bounce from topic 
to topic, he stepped into the shower, and turned it on as hot as it 
would go.
	Still she's always monitoring my progress, whether in her lab or 
when she watches when Cyraqs-sensei is teaching me.  Hell, I can see her 
scans either way now.  For what reason he didn't know why she was 
watching.  He just chalked it up to something mad scientists did, and 
left it at that.
	Then again she has also been paying particular attention to 
Cyraqs-sensei too.  Which stands to reason; she wants to get to know her 
son.  From what I understand to protect her he kept away from her most 
of his life, and even when he was with her he never told her who he 
really was.  Well, that was o.k. with Tenchi too; the more Cyraqs 
distracted her from himself the better.
	Finishing his shower; he stepped out of the tub.  Using his power 
he instantaneously dried himself, but had to dress manually.  Hadn't 
quite got the control for that down yet.
	He exited the bathroom and silently made his way down to the 
kitchen to grab something to eat.  It was strange; he hadn't really been 
eating much recently, and sometimes he skipped meals entirely (worrying 
Sasami to no end).  Now though downing some leftovers of last nights 
meal sounded real good.
	He reached the kitchen but stopped, briefly, when he saw the 
kitchen light on.  However, he walked inside when he saw who was in 
there.
	"What's up dad?  Couldn't sleep either?"
	Nobiyuki looked up at his son in surprise; he hadn't even heard 
him enter.  It always amazed him that his son was almost grown up, now.  
"Yeah.  I figured I'd warm up some milk, see if that would help me 
sleep.  You want some?"
	Tenchi shook his head.  "No, it wouldn't do me any good."
	Nobiyuki shrugged and grabbed a glass from the cabinet (I don't 
know which cabinet; you pick one), and put it on the cabinet, on which 
he had already gotten the milk.  He poured himself a glass and was about 
to put it in the microwave (yes this works) when Tenchi forestalled him.
	"Let me take care of that." he said.  Almost instantly, the glass 
of milk in his hand got warm in his hand, stopping just short of too hot 
to handle.
	"You're getting better at that Tenchi." he said approvingly.
	His son beamed at the appraisal.  Yes, you are almost grown 
Tenchi.  It's funny; I once envisioned a normal future for you.  You 
know the one with college, a job, a wife, kids, and the like.  The dream 
all fathers have for their sons.  Looks like fate had other plans for 
you.  He drained his glass of warm milk and considered his son again.  
Just think; you've become better than anyone who has ever lived; more 
powerful than anything I have ever heard about.  It's the greatest joy a 
father can have when he sees his son surpass him.  But in your case it's 
even better; you haven't just surpassed me; you have transcended what I 
am.  Now if we could only overcome your shyness around women...
	"You know Tenchi, I know I don't say this often, but I am very 
proud of you." he said; his voice heavy with emotion.
	To this Tenchi couldn't find anything to say.  As he said; it was 
rare when his father would say things like that.  Tenchi really owed him 
a lot.  Suddenly he did know what to say.  "I couldn't have done any of 
it if you weren't with me dad."
	Nobiyuki smiled at his son for a long moment; before he bid him 
good night.  Tenchi began to feel life was actually pretty good after 
all, and was actually humming a little tune while digging through the 
fridge.  He looked at the feast in front of him, large enough to kill 
several appetites, with a reverent expression, before he finally broke 
down and proceeded to devour it.
	He was in the middle of killing the food, when someone else 
decided that now would be a good time to come into the kitchen.
	Ayeka.  Great.  Just who I want to see.  She stumbled into the 
kitchen oblivious to her surroundings; obviously half-asleep.  She was 
also in that really dishelved state that men find women intolerably 
attractive in, in early mornings.  His previous frustration returned 
with a vengeance.
	He mutely watched her as she continued on into the kitchen, still 
oblivious to most of her surroundings, and poured herself a glass of 
water.  She was half way done before she realized there was someone else 
there.
	"Oh, Tenchi-sama!" she jumped in surprise, "Good Morning!"
	"'Morning.  What's up?"
	"Oh nothing. Just getting something to drink." she laughed.
	He nodded his head and tried to resume eating.  This was a 
problem, as he became uncomfortably aware of Ayeka closeness as she sat 
down beside him.  Then he noticed that she was concealing a laugh with 
her hand.
	"What?" he asked.
	"I was just thinking that, that's a rather large midnight snack." 
she replied her eyes twinkling with mirth.
	"Breakfast." he said simply.
	"Really?" she asked, edging a little closer.
	It was times like this when he really loathed the enhanced senses 
he was developing.  He could feel the warmth of her aura; taste the 
Juraian energy that was contained inside of her.  The worst one was that 
he could smell her scent, her very female scent; discerning from it the 
smell of her hormones and slight arousal that she had in his presence.  
This was causing the capillaries in his face to open to overflowing, and 
he was getting a hard on that was very painful to have.
	Ayeka grew concerned when she saw his face turn red.  "Are you 
alright Tenchi-sama?  You look very red."  She reached out and felt his 
forehead. "You're not getting sick again; are you?"
	The heat he felt on his face was nothing compared to the heat of 
her hand against his head.  He knew he had to get away now, or he would 
wind up taking her right there on the kitchen floor.  So mumbling some 
hasty excuse (for the life of him he didn't know what) and an assurance 
that he was fine he threw the dishes in the sink and uneaten food back 
in the fridge; fleeing the house at mach fifty.  Ayeka stood there 
blinking in confusion.
	Outside he ran through the gates to the fence surrounding the 
house; pausing briefly to wish Azaka and Kamidaki a good morning before 
rushing on.
	"Care to up the ante on the bet?" Azaka asked as Tenchi faded from 
view.
	"Sure.  I still think Ryouko will get him first." Kamidaki 
replied.
	"I am more inclined to believe it will be our mistress.  In any 
case I don't think he will be able to hold out much longer either way."
	"On that point alone will I agree with you."
	He ran through the forest and up the stairs leading to the Shrine.  
Cresting the last few stairs he saw Cyraqs-sensei sitting patiently on 
the fence (repaired for umpteenth time), waiting for him.  For some 
reason he always knew when his student was ready to start.  That was 
something else Tenchi thought was weird; it seemed he started the 
lessons, not Cyraqs.  That was really no problem as he had been starting 
these things very early anyway; continuing on quite often until late in 
the day.  Usually the lessons started on some teachings on philosophy, 
some miscellaneous use of the power, or what not.  Then he taught Tenchi 
how to use the forces and energies of the universe in combat.
	Today, however, the master sensed the student needed something a 
little more, make that a lot more, rigorous than what he normally put 
Tenchi through.  He took a closer look at his student; he saw a wild 
look around the eyes, muscle tension, very heightened heart beat, and 
really high testosterone levels; all of this magnified by his power.  
Yes, he thought, sexual frustration has only one real cure.  Too bad 
he's settling for getting the shit kicked out of him instead.
	All this he took in before Tenchi assumed a modified horse stance; 
right arm in forward guard, left held ready at his side.  Cyraqs jumped 
off the fence and assumed his stance; right arm out, slightly bent; left 
arm out slightly behind and below his right.  Both hands open at the 
ready.
	Tenchi made the first attack, a spinning kick to the head, easily 
caught by the smaller man.  Cyraqs grinned slightly, it was going to be 
a fun day.
	Normally during combat training what was going on in the physical 
world was impressive.  Two men moving, blocking, striking in a 
progressively quickening pace toward the speed of light; fighting back 
and forth for hours across the Shrine yard.  Sometimes they did it with 
weapons, created or otherwise, sometimes not.  It was nothing compared 
to the what Cyraqs put Tenchi through on the plane of pure thought (the 
astral plane if you need a name for it).  There he fought Tenchi using 
every force and energy that was in creation, except for one; the one 
none of them had any control over.  Except their own.  Tenchi fought 
back mimicking for the most part what he was shown.  Sometimes he 
adapted, changed, and improved upon what he was shown.  And sometimes, 
just sometimes; with his growing understanding of how the universe 
worked, he even invented one or two things Cyraqs hadn't taught him.  It 
was in all this that Tenchi learned the most.
	Today was no different; except for the intensity of the attacks 
they launched at each other.  Today Tenchi would learn a great deal, 
assuming of course he could keep up the amount of power he was throwing 
at Cyraqs.
	It was about three in the afternoon before Tenchi exhausted 
himself.
	"Thanks." Tenchi said; breathing hard, "I needed that."
	"Glad to be of service; though that's not what you really needed."  
That Cyraqs understood was somewhat disconcerting, but seeing as how he 
understood everybody else so well, it was not surprising.
	Cyraqs bent down and helped Tenchi up off the ground, taking care 
not to hurt him further.  Tenchi gratefully accepted, as he could barely 
move.
	He looked around leaning on the smaller man for support.  He was 
so involved with what he was doing he hadn't realized they had drawn a 
crowd.  All the lady's of the house were present to enjoy the sight of 
two sweating (well, one sweating) well-muscled men (they had lost their 
shirts, somewhere along the line, to aid in ease of movement) locked in 
combat.  Yep, they were all there.  Ryouko, Ayeka, Washuu; even Mihoshi 
and Sasami.  The collective lust in their gazes was enough to turn the 
near freezing air of autumn just turned winter, to Sahara Desert 
equivalent temperatures.  Most of it was directed at him with one 
notable exception.  Sasami was staring hard at Cyraqs, and was blushing 
furiously (and I bet you thought she was a good little girl. 
Shyaright!).
	Cyraqs?! he thought in disbelief.  Well there are worse people I 
suppose.  In any case it keeps her from getting fixated on me.
	As for the rest, he was too tired to get even the remotest bit 
excited.  At least they'd learned not to overreact when he got to this 
point.  Not since the first time when Ayeka and Ryouko tried to chastise 
Cyraqs for hurting their Tenchi that bad, as he had simply sealed them 
up in a form of energy, similar to the Light Hawk force, he called the 
crystal shard.  Later Tenchi had to have a talk with those two about not 
interfering with his training, after Cyraqs-sensei released them that 
is.
	He felt strong enough to walk on his own after a few minutes.  
That was something he found he liked about his growing power; he 
recovered at an unbelievable rate.  He could feel himself automatically 
pulling the power everywhere; reviving him.  It was possible for him to 
consciously pull in all the power he would need at one time, but there 
were two problems with that.  First there was only so much power the 
area around him had at one time, and second if he did that he would have 
to go dormant for a time to...metabolize (yes that's the word Cyraqs-
sensei used)...the extra power he had drawn into himself.  Unless it was 
an emergency it was better just to let it happen gradually.
	Disengaging himself from Cyraqs, he took a few halting steps 
toward the fence where his shirt hung.
	"Well girls, looks like this show is over." Washuu said 
regretfully, as Tenchi put his shirt on.
	Ryouko got a mischievous look in her eyes and floated over toward 
Tenchi.  Oh no, not now! he pleaded to no avail.
	"Oh I don't know about that.  I could think of a few things 
entertaining to do." she said her cat-like eyes burning with lust, "How 
'bout it Tenchi; want to go have a good time?"  It was fortunate that he 
was as tired as he was.  His willpower was rapidly diminishing under 
such an intensely lustful gaze.  Then he remembered this was usually the 
part where Ayeka would start in; which is exactly what she did.
	"I don't think so Ryouko!  You're not going anywhere with my 
Tenchi!"
	As I thought.  Oh look, he thought in despair, now they're in a 
catfight.  He then watched Mihoshi get a distraught expression on her 
face, and with a cry of "Oh, please don't fight!" tried to separate the 
two.  This only served to turn it into a major free for all.  He shook 
his head in disgust while Cyraqs (he really had to learn how just will 
clothes on like that) lit a cigarette and began smoking.  It was obvious 
the whole thing amused him.  Washuu-chan, at least, had disappeared 
somewhere, probably back to her lab.  Sasami, on the other hand, was 
still watching Cyraqs out of the corner of her eye.  It seemed Cyraqs 
was completely oblivious to her scrutiny.  That was something he was 
beginning to notice about his friend.  He could read other people pretty 
good, but when it came to things that directly concerned him, he was 
somewhat clueless.  Oh well, guess we all have out faults, he thought.
	He was startled out of his psychoanalysis by a laugh that sounded 
like little tinkerbells.  He turned in the direction he had heard it 
from; noticing Cyraqs and Sasami doing the same.  Scanning the area he 
saw no one, but considering who else had heard it, it was easy to deduce 
whom it had been.  Yeah, that's right.  Laugh it up Tsunami.  I'll get 
you later.
	Cyraqs just shrugged it off, but Sasami...she started to stare at 
him openly now.  This he did notice and asked about.
	"What's up, my friend?"
	"Ummm..." C'mon Sasami, tell him, Tenchi thought in amusement. "I 
was wondering if you and Tenchi could get me some vegetables from the 
garden.  We were getting kind of low...yeah that's it."
	Uh huh, good save.  Valid too.  We really were running low.  Good 
thing I can shield myself from his ability to read thoughts or he might 
start wondering about her.
	Cyraqs gave her a thumbs up on that, and started walking towards 
that direction.  Tenchi followed, grateful for the excuse to get away 
from the combat zone.  For some reason he couldn't resist, he had to see 
just how oblivious to such things Cyraqs really was.
	"You notice how red Sasami was back there?" he asked Cyraqs after 
they had teleported to the fields.
	"Yes.  Her body temperature had been elevated since she got there.  
I am impressed she has mastered such a simple means of keeping warm at 
such an early age."  Tenchi facefaulted.
	"Something wrong?"
	"No." Just really can't believe you are so clueless.  "I was 
wondering...can you read her thoughts?"
	"No.  I've never been able to read Tsunami's thoughts, and it 
appears to have carried over to her."  He answered a little puzzled.  
"Why do you ask?"
	"No reason."  Might as well do what we came her for.  "Well I'll 
weed you pull the carrots.  How's that?"
	"Sounds good."
	Let me tell you, gardening using super powerful cosmic powers 
takes a lot less time and work.  They still ran into one problem during 
the fifteen-minute process in the form of Ryo-ohki and her new 
'playmate' Drakhenn.
	It started out normally; Drakhenn decided he wanted to play with 
Ryo-ohki.  This involved him sneaking up on her, biting her tail, and 
holding on for dear life as she bounded all over the place trying to 
shake him off.  After a couple of minutes of this either she would shake 
him off or he would let go, and he would laugh while she got incredibly 
pissed.  Seeing a very miffed cabbit was something he did find highly 
amusing; he has that kind of sense of humor.  Seeing him laugh only 
further enraged Ryo-ohki; which manifested itself as a beam of energy 
sent his way.
	This had no effect on him as he crossed his wings in front of him 
deflecting the shots everywhere.  This was really cool, as he was 
floating in the air during this time, not even using his wings to fly.  
Today he was in a really evil frame of mind and decided to show her why 
he was called a dragon.  The fire breathing kind.
	After he was done Ryo-ohki looked kind of like Wile E. Coyote 
after he had blown himself up for some reason.  She shook it off after a 
shocked moment and went into an anger that would have caused Ryouko to 
quell at her approach.  The first anger amplified blast pushed the 
little dragon back, and the second and third sent him off into parts 
unknown.
	Problem:  one of those deflected shots headed toward the fields; 
right where the two men were discussing small things while they worked.
	"So what is an inverse-time cascade reaction exactly?" Tenchi 
asked.
	"Well basically you..." he was cutoff during his explanation when 
he felt a beam of energy pass through him.  Tenchi looked at him and 
turned a very interesting shade of green.
	"I've got a hole in me don't I?"  He phrased it as more of a 
statement than a question.  To which Tenchi could only give him a Yeah 
look.  It was fortunate he healed almost immediately.  Tenchi didn't 
think he could take looking at that much longer.
	"I simply must tell that dragon to quit teasing Ryo-ohki.  Well 
shall we?"  Tenchi gave him another Yeah look and shouldered his burden 
of the carrots.
	On their way back they picked up Ryo-ohki, who apologized 
profusely, and Drakhenn, who was going to be 'training' with Cyraqs 
later (not something he was looking forward to as you may well expect).  
They walked most of the trip in silence; Tenchi marveling at how easy 
this had become recently.  He figured he was now at least twice as 
strong as Ryouko, and was going to get even stronger before he was done.
	Tenchi looked curiously at Cyraqs who was taking a drag off his 
smoke.  He wondered why Cyraqs did that; drugs had no effect on them, 
right?
	"Why do you do that?" he asked finally.
	"Do what?"
	"Smoke.  It has no effect, right?"
	"Well, yes and no."
	"What do you mean?" Tenchi asked curiously.
	"You see what's in this thing would kill a normal person (hence 
why I don't smoke in the house).  Even something that strong wouldn't 
have an effect on beings like us; so in order for it to have an effect, 
we must let it.  Still our bodies would take care of the detrimental 
effects, so about all we would get from it is a mildly calming effect."  
And to think he didn't even breath once during that explanation.
	"Oh."  I suppose that makes sense.
	Arriving at the Misaki home they threw the carrots into the shed; 
picking up a bundle of carrots (Ryo-ohki attached, semi orgasmic) for 
Sasami.
	Ryo-ohki resumed her little girl form when they entered; all three 
headed toward the kitchen.  Sasami turned from her stirfry as they 
entered, and greeted them in her usual enthusiastic manner.
	"Hello Tenchi, Hello Cyraqs!"  She then noticed Ryo-ohki and the 
bundle she was carrying.  "Oh thank you Ryo-ohki!"  Mihoshi came in 
about this time; a little worse for the wear.
	"I'm sorry Sasami." she apologized, "You had to start without me."
	"That's O.K. I mean you're here now."
	Mihoshi brightened considerably.  "Let me go get my apron!" and 
she was off again.
	"Don't forget to wash up first!" Sasami called after her.
	"Well I'm off too." Cyraqs said suddenly, "Gotta teach this guy a 
few things about self restraint."  He produced a very frightened looking 
dragon from somewhere and left through the kitchen door.  I wonder why 
he doesn't teleport everywhere like Ryouko, Tenchi asked himself.  Guess 
he's just like that.
	Tenchi watched Sasami for a few moments.  It was all he could do 
to keep from breaking down and collapsing on the floor in laughter.  She 
was staring at the door, and I mean hard, where Cyraqs had been; a 
faraway look in her eyes.  He watched her as she continued looking at 
the door for a couple of minutes when he finally decided it would be 
prudent to remind her of what she was doing a minute ago.
	"Sasami," his mouth twitched up in amusement, "The stove?"
	She looked startled for a moment before rushing back over to the 
stove.  "Thanks, Tenchi-chan."  He inclined his head in reply, and 
pretended to ignore her furious blush as he left.

						*

	It was time for supper and the usual crowd showed up.  Cyraqs was 
there this time (he was only drinking a cup of tea); Drakhenn was not, 
professing too many bruises from 'training' to eat.
	The doorbell decided to ring at this time.
	"I'll get it." he announced; which he proceeded to do.  Who could 
this be, he wondered as he opened the door.  He stopped in shock when he 
saw who it was.
	"May I come in?" a very soft voice asked.
	"Uh...yeah." he shrugged, "Sure.  You are always welcome here."
	The figure behind the door smiled at him warmly.  "Thank you."
	"Who is it Tenchi?" Sasami asked, coming up behind him.  Her eyes 
widened (How that is even possible is beyond me.) when she saw who it 
was, and threw herself at the woman in an emphatic hug.  "Tsunami!  
Tsunami!  What are you doing here?"  The collective cast barely 
restrained a facefall at the sight of Sasami hugging Tsunami!  Cyraqs' 
eyebrows shot up, and stayed there, but he remained silent.
	"I was wondering if I could join you for dinner tonight.  Do you 
mind?" Tsunami asked.
	"Sure!" Sasami replied with a smile so bright that could put a few 
stars to shame, "We have plenty to eat!"
	The others shook off their shock somewhat, and quickly made room 
for the new arrival at the table; she did wave at Cyraqs before she sat 
down.  The conversation at the table consisted of the usual small talk.  
Ayeka and Ryouko weren't fighting for once (which was a relief); Tenchi 
himself was too busy enjoying Sasami's cooking to join in.  Cyraqs kept 
his neutral expression and didn't say a word.
	"Say Tenchi, how's the training coming along?" Tsunami asked him 
suddenly.
	He almost considered not answering her, seeing as how she found 
his situation so funny, but he wasn't a vindictive sort and answered. 
"Oh, it's going pretty good.  Cyraqs-sensei is tough on me, but he's 
taught me more than I ever thought possible already."
	Her expression grew very amused when she heard that.  "Yes, Cyraqs 
is tough on people, but he is very good at what he does."  Cyraqs' face 
grew sober and said nothing.  "Everything he does." she qualified.  The 
nuance was lost on Tenchi, but the other girls understood and were 
looking at the two speculatively.  Cyraqs remained silent.
	"You know, I've noticed that about big bro." Ryouko said eyes 
a'twinkling, "Tell us, what all are you good at?"
	He pleaded the fifth.  Not that that would do him any good in 
Japan, but you get the idea.
	"You staying the night Tsunami?" Sasami asked hopefully.
	"If you wish me too."
	"Yay!  Then you can sleep in our room!" she said enthusiastically.  
Something occurred to her then.  "I'll have to get the spare futon out 
though."
	"That won't be necessary.  I don't plan on sleeping tonight." 
looking meaningfully at Cyraqs.  Everyone caught that one, including 
Cyraqs who was busy trying not to choke on his tea.  Tenchi was sitting 
back and enjoying the sight of his sensei squirming under the Tsunami's 
relentless assault of teasing.  He would have never thought she was that 
mischievous (probably explained Sasami's occasional bouts of mischief 
though).  He considered himself lucky not to be the target for her sense 
of humor, as he didn't think he could last as long as this.
	Tsunami looked at Cyraqs, eyes twinkling as much as Ryouko's.  
"What's wrong Cyraqs?" she asked in mock innocence, "You needn't be 
concerned for me.  I just meant that I wasn't tired today."  A thought 
seemed to strike her then, "You don't sleep much do you?  You wouldn't 
mind if I drop by then tonight and keep you...company...would you?"  
Cyraqs excused himself and walked outside.
	Everyone at the table burst out laughing; except Sasami who looked 
a little confused.  Again he thanked every god he could think of that he 
wasn't their target.
	"Oh, it's just so much fun doing that to him!" Tsunami said after 
they finished laughing.
	"I take it you know my son?"  Washuu asked her.
	"Yes, I know him.  We go way way back.  About seventeen-thousand 
years."
	Washuu's smile turned very evil. "Then you can tell me all the 
really embarrassing stuff he's done over the years."
	Tsunami's smile matched Washuu's when she considered that. "I 
will, but first I'd better go find him.  He is ever so sensitive."
	"Take your time." Ryouko said suggestively.
	Tsunami smirked at her as she left.
	Tenchi could only sigh in relief.  That was probably one less girl 
he had to worry about.

					*

	Sasami had asked that Tenchi grab her some more carrots for 
tomorrow after he helped her clean up after supper.
	"Sure.  No problem." was his reply.  What the hell else would it 
have been?
	So walking outside of the house through the kitchen door he headed 
toward the storage shed.  Nearing it he heard two voices in close 
conversation.  Oh looks like Tsunami found Cyraqs.  Curious as to his 
exact relationship with her, Tenchi settled himself down behind the shed 
and watched them.
	"Oh before I forget..." Cyraqs said; pulling a crystal from 
nowhere and handed it to her.
	A little puzzled she took it. "What is it?"
	"Remember that problem you were complaining about with your trees 
on Jurai.  The one where you have to continuously recharge their power 
levels personally.  There's your answer to that problem."  I didn't know 
she had to do that for the ships of Jurai.  Still he seems very proud of 
what he did and happy for her now that it's done.
	She concentrated on the crystal, he watched as both it, and her 
eyes began to glow a soft pink color.  What is she..? he wondered, 
watching the flow of power from the crystal to her.  The strange thing 
was the power seemed to be in some kind of strange mathematical pattern.  
Or maybe a kind of information transfer, he deduced.  She's absorbing 
the information on that crystal!
	"And the best part is, once you incorporate that retrovirus into 
the biosphere on Jurai and it's surrounding planets, it will take only 
about two to three years for it to completely change it." he explained 
as she finished, "Your children will be completely independent!"
	Tsunami looked at him for a long time.  Then she assumed an 
expression that Misaki (or Elmira) wears when she is about to hug 
something (to death).
	"OH THANK YOU!" was all she got out before she grabbed the smaller 
man (he's about 152 cm, she's about 179 cm; you figure it out) and 
kissed him quite thoroughly on the lips.
	He glanced at his watch when they finally separated, noting it had 
been a good five minutes before they stopped, but still remaining close.
	"Well if I'd known I'd get this kind of response I'd have made an 
effort to locate you sooner." he grinned.
	She gave him a show of mock anger before she hugged him again.  
Her happiness was infectious and Tenchi found himself smiling with her.
	"So why have you been so reclusive these past seven-hundred 
years?"
	"ERK!" she said through a now frozen smile; eyes very wide with 
fright.  It seemed a chill breeze decided to blow through the area 
around this time too.  Ominous, ain't it?
	"Don't 'ERK' me Tsunami.  What's going on that you've had yourself 
in seclusion for this long?"  She tried to pull out of his arms, but it 
quickly became apparent that she was trapped there.  Tenchi considered 
interfering, but as he didn't know enough about the situation he decided 
it would be best not to interfere.  Yet.
	Tsunami gave up her efforts and settled looking at him with a 
mixture of a little bit of anger and a whole lot of fear.  Tenchi was 
surprised, she wasn't even afraid when Kagato almost took her, but now 
she was obviously scared out of her mind.  He didn't know there was 
anything in this universe that could do that to her.
	"Well at least you've finally remembered I can hold your energy 
form as long as I want."  His eyebrows arched up, "Or do want to try to 
force me to let go?  We can do that too, but you ought to remember what 
happened last time you tried something like that with me."  Anger was 
beginning to get edge over her fear now, Tenchi could tell.  Now he knew 
he didn't want to get involved.  Getting in the middle of fight between 
two beings that could crush a world with a thought was not something 
that held too much appeal for him.  "It has something to do with Tokimi 
doesn't it?" he asked his face and voice much softer.  Tokimi? wondered 
Tenchi.  Wasn't that the lady Clay kept babbling about?  What does she 
have to do with this?
	Tsunami looked away from him; unable to meet his gaze.  She nodded 
an affirmative to his question.
	"What else do you know about her?" he pressed; concern for Tsunami 
written in his every word.
	Tsunami's face shot up; worry very evident on it. "You're not 
going to tell the others are you?"
	"No." he replied, "From what I've seen so far that would cause a 
lot of...bad things to happen.  Not a tactically sound decision for 
either side right now.  Now answer my question."
	"What I know is irrelevant to the situation.  You know what she's 
going to try to do.  That's all that is necessary."
	Cyraqs was obviously not happy with her answer, it showed in his 
gaze, but he pressed no further on that subject.  Instead he started on 
another bone he had to pick with her.
	"Fine then, but do you know how worried I have been these past few 
centuries?  I once promised to protect you and your children always.  
How was I supposed to do..." Tenchi listened for the next half-hour at 
the guilt trip Cyraqs put Tsunami through.
	He watched her head get lower and lower with each rebuke; he was 
starting to feel sorry for her.  Not too much though, as it was obvious 
how much he cared for her and he could imagine himself not being too 
happy if she had done that to him.  Then all his pity disappeared when 
she did something real devious.  She looked up at him, her pink eyes 
wide open, a couple of tear streaks down her cheeks, and her lips were 
trembling slightly.  The effect was immediate.
	"And another thing...oh don't do that!" she bit her bottom lip 
slightly, "Please don't do THAT!"  A single tear trickled down her cheek 
(the tears were a nifty trick, since she was little more than solidified 
energy in this form).  "I was just..." She blinked; two more tears 
appeared at the corners of her eyes, "I was just worried about you!  I 
mean you've been my friend most of my life..." Tenchi watched a slightly 
wounded expression appear on her face, which very quickly disappeared.  
Tenchi looked at the way the two of them were acting toward each other 
real hard then.  Cyraqs was telegraphing it so intensely not even a 
blind man could miss it; he probably didn't even know he was doing it.  
And if Sasami's reaction to him was any indication, not to mention how 
Tsunami just acted, then...Tenchi chuckled slightly and made a decision.  
I'm no matchmaker, but since you too love each other so much, I'll do 
what a can to make you realize it on a conscious level.  He'll make her 
a good husband.  When she grows up that is, he amended.  I wonder how 
he'll react to that, heh, heh, heh.  "...and I would rather die than let 
anything happen to you!" Cyraqs finally finished his spiel.
	She melted, considerably, at that and embraced him again.  Bending 
down close to his face she whispered something in his ear.  If it 
weren't for Tenchi's enhanced senses, he never would have heard it.  
"I'm so glad you still care.  Remember I always love thee, my dearest 
friend." she said; her voice heavy with emotion as she faded from his 
arms.
	Tenchi knew she didn't leave; just shifted her presence to inside 
the house living room.  For some reason her presence there seemed to be 
divided into two parts.  Oh, must be because Sasami is in there; that's 
pretty cool to observe.
	Cyraqs dropped his arms and shook his head.  Pulling out a smoke 
he called out "You believe that shit, Tenchi?"
	No can't say I do.  Wait a minute...he didn't even continue that 
line of thought.  Just grabbed some carrots and entered the house.
	Walking into the den the girls had set up a game of Star Wars 
Monopoly and were waiting for him to join in.  He looked at them all for 
a moment.  Sure they disrupted his life.  Were noisy, rude, and 
disrespectful.  They would also die if anything was to happen to this 
family, and they would die to protect it.  He laughed slightly comparing 
the usual lifelessness that had gone on before when it had just been him 
and father, sometimes him, father, and grandfather; and decided he liked 
it better this way.  At least this way there was life.  He knew now if 
anything happened to any one of them he would probably die too.  Hell, 
just considering it scared him as bad as it did when his great-
grandmother had made him first think of life without the girls.  Despite 
all the problems that came with them; he wouldn't have it any other way.  
Cyraqs-sensei was right about one thing though; these problems would 
work out eventually.  Why?  Because he loved them all enough to make it 
work out.  With that in mind, he walked over and joined the game; 
smiling bright enough to rival Sasami.  Today was a day well worth 
living.

						*

	Tenchi reached up and pulled the covers grumpily off his head.  
For some reason he felt completely rested, but he was still pissed that 
his dream had been interrupted.  This one involved Ayeka walking in on 
him in the shower.  Somehow she had wound up in there naked with him, 
and he'd been busily doing her from behind, pushing her breasts up 
against the wall with each thrust; when Ryouko had entered too.  Somehow 
he had then wound up in a three way in that cramped shower, and just 
when it was getting really good, he woke up.  
	Sighing miserably he looked at his clock.  "One-thirty in the 
morning?!  Goddamnit!"

<End Theme-Dreams-VanHalen>

End 6

AFTERWARD: Heh, how was that for a day in the life of Tenchi?  A day 
when a lot of weird things happened, but considering the other things he 
had been through, a relatively placid day.  Anyway, Questions, Comments, 
and Flames that have reasons attached can be sent to 
nolendr@boxer.navy.mil.
