Heaven and Eternity

by K'thardin

Standard Disclaimer:  If you don't know what these say by now, you probably 
never will, but here goes.  You will never win!  Muhuhahahahah!  Sorry. 
Anyway I don't own Tenchi Muyo!  I do own my characters!  There!  Oh, by the 
way; feel free to reprint this; just remember to credit me.

Authors Forward:  The last version of this story did not quite convey what I 
wanted it too.  There were many reasons WHY this happened, and I was going to go 
into further detail in a side story.  However it seems that it would be best if 
I simply wrote what happened in the story itself.  Perhaps then, more will be 
understood.

Passionate Sasami

"Why is it, in Marvel Comics, they can't keep their characters changed; they 
always have to go back to the original design or what not?"
		-Nolen's book of quotable quotes and observations (rev)

<Opening Theme-Sweet Child O'Mine-Guns and Roses>

<Bullets with Butterfly Wings - Smashing Pumpkins>
 
	"I'll be fine mother...really!"  Cyraqs said from the examination table; 
trying to placate Washuu.
	She didn't even look up from her terminal, when she replied with a "No.  
You're not."
	"YES I AM!"  He shouted with a burst of power.  A burst of power that 
destroyed that part of the lab.
	"Well let's review the facts; shall we?  Fact one:  This past week you 
have been growing short and snappish with everyone.  Which is a very distinct 
deviation from your normal emotional patterns, considering the control you 
always exhibit. Hell, you even snapped at Sasami!"  He didn't like being 
reminded of that.  It was stupid, what had happened, and he apologized profusely 
(getting down on his knees and begging her forgiveness was a little much though) 
afterward.  That he had done something like that, to someone who had only his 
wellbeing in mind, was unforgivable.  "Fact two:  You have been loosing control 
of your power this past week.  Especially when training Tenchi.  You almost 
killed him today!"  That was the biggest reason she had asked, like all mothers 
'ask' their sons things, him to visit her lab for a check up.  Even he couldn't 
believe he had focused that much power at Tenchi, who was a little fried, but 
otherwise fine.  Rather disgusted with himself, he had agreed to her request.  
"And if that's not enough; Fact three:  Look around you now."  His eyes had 
already roved the damage he had caused in his most recent outburst
	Anger was something he was used to, something that had become a part of 
him almost since the time he was born.  Anger carefully controlled and focused 
had enabled him to keep going long past the time anyone sane would have given 
up.   Uncontrolled anger, such as what he was feeling now, was not something 
that he could ever say he had experienced before.  
	Why was this going on?  I can't afford this now.  WHAT IS HAPPENING TO ME? 
He raged silently.  His power level continued to rise with his rage, but before 
his power unleashed itself again, a sudden surge of pain and weakness flared 
through him, nearly knocking him unconscious.  As it was, he was barely aware 
that his mother had lifted him back onto the examination table; repaired by 
Washuu's Lab Self-Regeneration System (tm).  The form of the young Washuu she 
wore did not diminish any strength she had, he noticed.
	His mother hovered over him, worriedly, tapping at her keyboard.  The test 
devices had finally been repaired and began moving over him, scanning him again.  
The pain finally passed and he smiled up at Washuu; trying to reassure her that 
he was fine.
	She's kind of cute in her little girl form.  His eyes widened in shock 
when he realized what he had just thought.  It was true, but sons should not 
think things like that about their mothers.  Especially the way he thought it.  
Where in the FUCK did that come from?
	So shocked was he that he almost didn't catch her question.  "Did you know 
your life signs have converged on our dimensions?"  As a matter of fact, he had 
noticed his extradimensional senses diminishing.  Strange that he hadn't been 
worried, but then again he had been on an emotional roller coaster ride this 
past couple of days so he really hadn't paid as much attention to it, as he 
should have.  "Then again you're pretty strange anyway.  According to known laws 
of physics beings like you are now, can't exist.  Good thing I never much paid 
attention to the known laws." she grinned, "But now you seem to have condensed 
your form into our dimensions, instead of your normal...now what's this?" she 
asked ominously.
	Fear was something else that was always controlled.  It like anger served 
him.  It did not control him.  He was very close to panicking.  This had never 
happened to him or any of the others like him before.  If not taken care of HE 
could become a menace to that which he protected.  "What is it?"
	"A condition that I've seen in only one other individual.  A condition 
totally Tetranian."
	Curious he leaned over the shorter (but not by much) woman's shoulder and 
looked at the readout on the holoscreen.
	His eyes widened behind his glasses.  "You've got to be shitting me."
	"Nope.  No mistaking it.  I take it this hasn't happened since your 
transformation?"
	He nodded an affirmative.  But why is this happening now?
	"I theorize you've been subconsciously holding it back with your power.  
So it has built up over the eons until even you can no longer contain it." 
Damn now she's reading my mind too.  "I mean lets face it; you may have changed 
significantly when you became a whatever the hell you are now, but you have a 
lot of your Tetranian characteristics still intact.  This just seems to be one 
of them."
	Great.  Just great!  "Tell Tenchi that he is to refine what he has been 
taught until further notice.  I am going to my cabin."  Don't want to risk a 
much farther teleportation.  The shields I have there should be enough to handle 
the worst of it.  "Tell no one to enter.  If all goes like this usually does, 
the Rage will run it's course in another week."  I hope something doesn't come 
up while I'm out of it.  "Make sure no one goes there.  Especially of the female 
persuasion, which goes for you too mom."  He didn't even wait for a reaction 
before teleporting to his cabin.
	She was not happy, but his tone brooked no argument.  Besides, he was 
right.  Once he entered the latter stages in a couple of days, it wouldn't be a 
good idea to be a girl and be near him.
	It's his own damn fault.  It might have been controllable if he had made 
the effort to get some more often.  'Course that's another thing that makes him 
so loveable.  He couldn't do something like that unless he cared about the girl 
in question.  Then again, she reasoned, it would still be pretty bad with his 
power amping it.  I HATE BEING HELPLESS!
	"Umm...What's going on with Cyraqs-sensei, Washuu-chan?"  She hadn't even 
noticed that Tenchi, Sasami, Ryouko, Ayeka, Drakhenn, Ryo-ohki, and Mihoshi had 
entered her lab.

<Weird Science-Oingo Boingo>

	After she dropped down from the ceiling she got the familiar mad professor 
look on her face.  "That is a very excellent question, Tenchi."  
	They groaned when they realized what came next.  Seats popped up 
underneath them as desks that stayed in the air by some unknown means 
materialized in front of them.  On the desks, books of Genetics and anatomy 
appeared, and at the front of the room a familiar dais appeared with that 
familiar podium.
	Washuu Sensei, dressed in her Professor's robes appeared from behind the 
podium seconds later.  She looked at the class, then shifted herself to the side 
so she could look at both the class, and the holoboard that had sprung up behind 
her, at the same time.
	An image of a long blond-haired humanoid male appeared on the screen.
	"You just had to use this picture, didn't you?" Washuu asked the author.  
Wait a minute...So what if I used that picture.  Get back to the story.
	"Rigghht.  This is a Tetranian male." She emphasized the fact by striking 
the image roughly with her pointer.  "By nature they are immortal, but due to 
their sociopolitical structure they have a penchant for killing each other off; 
therefore, their average life span is about 200 years.  Though there are 
documented cases of those living 100,000 years or more."  Collective oohhs from 
the class.  "Also by nature they have extraordinary psionic powers.  Some of 
their most talented can rip apart a world the size of Earth."  The screen image 
shifts to show an image of the Tetranian's power flaring up around him and a 
force wave of power is sent from the figure on the screen; crumbling the generic 
class M planet that had appeared beside him.
	Ryouko grinned. "Cool!"
	"Now as to our mutual acquaintances problem..." and internal image of 
the Tetraninan was shown along with a strand of his DNA.
	"All Tetranians at a certain age undergo what is known as The Rage.  It 
happens once a year for about three weeks.  During this time their bodies 
produce massive amounts of hormones.  This has the effect of increasing their 
sex drive exponentially.  In men this also causes semen production to increase; 
in women it causes them to ovulate.  Any questions so far?"
	For once everyone seemed to get it.  Those that were awake that is.  
Washuu continued.
	"This is why they are married at a very early age.  Once married the 
couple's cycles synchronize to maximize childbirth probability.
	Problem:  Usually it is only a mild increase in sex drive assuming they 
have an active sex life.  If they do not...the Rage becomes a...very unbalancing 
and debilitating experience.  It can throw their emotions out of whack; even 
causing physical pain in the worst cases."
	Aeka raised her hand.  "Yes Miss Aeka?"
	She stood demurely.  "Question Professor:  So what you're saying is Uncle 
Cyraqs is now going through this Rage; even though he was only half Tetraninan 
originally, and is now something else besides."
	"Yes, the traits of the Tetranians bred mostly dominant.  I should know 
I scanned him quite thoroughly as a child." she mumbled that last part to 
herself.  Fortunately it seemed only Tenchi heard that as he was concealing a 
laugh with his hand.  Goddamn enchanced senses.  "Anyway due to his unique 
circumstances as pointed out by Miss Aeka," Who was beaming at Washuu's praise, 
"the situation is both a little better and a whole hell of a lot worse at the 
same time (and if I explained it, it would take up the time allotted to this 
story)." Didn't I tell you to stay on the story plot Washuu-chan?
	Washuu grew sheepish. "Sorry." she said, turning her attention back to her 
class.  "O.K. everyone here is my question.  Whoever answers this one gets an A 
for the semester.  How do we take care of this problem?"
	She looked across the room; coming surprisingly to Ryouko, who had her 
hand raised.
	"Miss Ryouko." she called.
	Ryouko stood, also demurely.  "Seems to me we just get big bro laid." 
This elicited a repressed chuckle from around the room; except for Sasami who 
was wondering what she meant by 'laid'.  As Ryouko sat down she bent over and 
whispered something in Sasami's ear.  Understanding flooded her features and she 
nodded, while trying not to giggle.
	"Close.  Can anyone tell me why this won't work?"
	"Because he would never forgive himself if he did that with a girl he both 
didn't like, like that or that didn't like him like that.  It must be a mutual 
thing in his case."
	"Correct Tenchi, but raise your hand first next time."  He inclined his 
head in apology.
	"Professor Washuu!  Professor Washuu!"  This one came from the back; from 
a most surprising source.
	"Miss Mihoshi.  You have a suggestion?"
	"It seems to me that well...well..."
	"Well what?" the professor asked irritably.
	"That we should find a girl like that, explain the situation, and have her 
go to him." she finished.
	I'm surprised she figured that much out.  "Good idea, but does anyone know 
a woman like that?"
	Tenchi raised his arm slightly; she inclined her head towards him giving 
him permission, "I know of one.  But there is a problem with that one."
	"Who?" Washuu asked.  Then it hit her.  Yes that would be a problem.  
Tenchi watched her changing expression and nodded his head when she came to the 
right answer.  For many reasons that would be a problem; she thought, glancing 
at Sasami.
	"O.K.  That option is closed for many reasons.  Anyone got any other 
ideas?"  Cheep, Cheep went the cricket.  Cheep, Cheep.

	Washuu didn't see her adopted family leave as she began looking inside of 
herself for the real answers.  What she had told them was only partially 
correct.  There was so much else here that they would either never understand, 
quite simply because she didn't understand it.  What she did know was the Rage 
was simply a timed hormonal release.  It was a simple matter for her son to 
completely block it.  Why...make that HOW could this have happened?  What could 
have caused his control to falter?  Or was it even that at all? 
	"Miss Washuu?"
	"Hmmm?"  Washuu hadn't even noticed that Sasami had not left with the 
others.  Of all the others however, she could see in this one's wide pink eyes 
the most concern...possibly even more than she felt.  "What is it?"
	"Is there...well...is there anything I can do?"  Washuu smiled gently.   
She shook her head slightly and sighed.  The little one, in her innocence, could 
not have possibly understood the ramifications of the question she had just 
asked.  How could Washuu tell her that it WAS in fact possible to help 
Cyraqs...if Sasami were around 6 years older.  But even though that would cure 
his problem, it would only create another.
	Hmmm...what could cause it in a Tetranian?  When they are away from their 
people, or haven't bonded to a mate, it happens randomly each year, but only 
once per year. 
	"No Sasami.  I know you want to help him, but there is nothing you can 
do."  What could be done?  It would run it's course through him quickly he had 
said.  Even so, there was no telling what he would be going through during that 
time.  The aftermath would leave him almost dead to the world for possibly weeks 
afterward.
	Sasami's eyes shut tightly and tears began squeezing by.  "Can't you do 
something?  Something you haven't thought of yet?"  That question again.  There 
were a couple of things she COULD do.  Both of which had precedent within the 
empire of Tetran.  Close family had been known to help one another with the Rage 
when it came upon one of their members.  Yet still even if she did that, even if 
Ryouko did that, hell if anyone of the girls here did that...it's highly 
doubtful that he'd ever forgive himself.
	What do I know about my son's situation?  He is going through the 
rage...why?  What triggered...wait a minute.  When a Tetranian bonds to a 
Nontetranian, some other process within the Nontetranian usually triggers the 
rage in the Tetranian.  My own husband's was triggered by the slight chemical 
changes I underwent when I ovulated.  Though I ovulated regularly, at a certain 
time in the year when I did, he instantly grew very...amorous.   She smiled at 
the memory.  No, he couldn't live without me during that time, heh. 
	"Sasami, I am going to do everything I can think of to help him.  Worrying 
about him will not help matters."
	"OK."  Her eyes became downcast, "Please Washuu, he may tease me a lot, 
call me short and pull my hair braids and stuff, but I don't want him hurt."   
He does pick on you a lot doesn't he?  Makes you giggle and annoys you all at 
the same time, just like his father...did with...Washuu's eyes misted.  She 
nearly cried as the bittersweet memories of the time she spent at the academy 
overtook her again.
	A trigger...could that have done it?  Something like that, that would have 
made him relax his control and allow what was natural for him to happen...was 
that all it would have taken?  It must have been something very profound, but 
what could it have been?  Washuu's thoughts continued on the two separate 
tracks, the one trying to figure out what happened to Cyraqs, the other trying 
to help Sasami overcome her own despair that she could not help someone in her 
family when he was hurting.  And suddenly it clicked.
	She didn't think, only reacted as she sent a mental command to a few 
devices in subspace in preparation for her to confirm her hunch.
	Washuu hugged the distraught girl.  "Sasami.  You'll be the first to know 
if I find anything."  And Ryouko, don't you be going and trying anything on your 
own either.
	Ryouko's presence in Washuu's mind did the equivalent of a cringe.
	<Listen Ryouko, I don't know everything myself.  You could wind up making 
matters worse.  When I figure something out, you'll know too.  Alright?>
	There was a long silence before Ryouko spoke.  <Fine.>  Ryouko sighed.  As 
much as she hated to admit it, Washuu was right.  Because Ryouko herself didn't 
have any real idea what was going on with Cyraas, and if even Washuu didn't know 
what was going on, it would do to have some caution.  For a being of action, 
such as Ryouko, simply waiting was one of the worst things that could happen to 
her.  <I'll tell Aeka not to do anything either.>
	Washuu nearly laughed.
	"Now you go and fix dinner for those wackos up there.  That way when I do 
figure out something we have the strength to do it."
	"Right."  Sasami replied somberly.  Her head still bowed, she turned from 
Washuu and started back toward the exit to the pocket dimension Washuu's lab was 
in.
	Instantly the class setting disappeared and her cushion appeared under 
her, and the holoboard sprang under her waiting fingertips.  Wasting no time, 
her fingers began flying nearly faster than light over it's nearly invisible 
keys.
	"So what didn't you tell them?" 
	 Washuu's mad typing didn't abate.  Even though Tsunami had simply 
appeared in Washuu's dimension out of what seemed nowhere.  "You say you've 
known my son for around 17,000 years.  Tell me, how well do you know him?"
	Tsunami blinked.  The question was not what she was expecting from the 
diminutive scientist.  "Why..."
	"Please...it may help me figure this out."
	"Very well."  What should I tell her?  Tsunami wondered.  The complete 
truth, she decided.  It is right for her to know about her son's history.  She 
purposely did not dwell on what that made Cyraqs to her.  "If you must know, 
I've known him most of his life.  I've been there during some of his bloodiest 
fights.  I've fought with him during those selfsame fights.  We've laughed, 
we've cried, we've mourned most of the same people during that time.  When one 
of us was down, the other would cheer him up.  When one needed to talk the other 
would listen.  When one was angry the other would calm him.  When one hurt, the 
other would do everything in her power to help him.  Even if it meant at one 
time holding him inside of my light for almost 4000 years as I healed him.   So 
I knew every thought, every secret, every little nuance of him...as he knew of 
me during that time we shared souls.  Does that answer your question?" 
	Washuu was somewhat taken aback at the force of this beings statement, 
which seemed to her to be more of a confession of love than anything else.  She 
looked down at her hands, which had frozen.  She pursed her lips thoughtfully, 
and with one last look at the data on her holoboard, she turned to the tree 
goddess, banishing the holoboard as she did so.   "How long have you known you 
loved him?"
	"A very long time."  Was the reply.
	"As I thought.  Poor girl, he didn't know, did he?  Even during that time 
he was practically bathing in your love, he didn't know."
	Tsunami nodded her head regretfully.  "He wouldn't let himself know.  The 
others make it a policy not to interfere with such things...so they couldn't 
shove it in his face.  I'm grateful to Tenchi for doing that for us.  I'm very 
surprised Cyraqs even listened."  She grimaced, as something seemed to pass 
through her.  "I'm still connected to him too.  When he hurts, I hurt.  As 
his...feelings intensify so do mine, and I'm only getting a fraction of what is 
going on with him.  I'm blocking it from Sasami for now...but I don't know if I 
can keep this up.  Sasami can't handle what he is going through!"  Tsunami 
looked at her imploringly.  "Please if you know something...TELL ME!"
So should I tell Tsunami?  Washuu wondered.  One look at her eyes, however 
erased any doubts Washuu had about what to do about this situation.  Tsunami had 
the right, and the need to know.  What would be done...DAMNIT!  That girl has 
had enough done to her!  Why does this shit KEEP HAPPENING TO SASAMI?!  "His 
problem is strictly physical.  I wouldn't have happened had he not identified 
someone as his mate.  You."  Tsunami nodded.  "However as I said, it is a 
physical problem...you are energy are you not?"  Washuu did not wait for a reply 
before continuing.  "And when a Tetranian is bonded to someone not 
Tetranian...something inside of the nonTetranian triggers the Rage, something 
that changes."  Tsunami was confused; Washuu kept referring to the physical 
plain of existence.  Something she was not a part of.  What happened? "Sasami 
just entered puberty.  I'd say a week ago." 
	Tsunami's eyes widened in shock.  "Why...did..." and before she asked the 
question of Why did that cause it, she knew the answer.  She and Sasami were, 
for all intents and purposes, one and the same.
	Just like Sasami before her, Tsunami bowed her head, and clenched her eyes 
shut. 
 	"I see."  And when she opened her eyes, they opened to reveal a strange 
sadness.  "I can't protect her from everything it seems.  I tried so 
hard...she's gone through so much, and she's still such a sweet and innocent 
girl."  She dropped to her knees and sobbed, "Oh why can't the bad things keep 
from happening to us?"
	Washuu impulsively reached out and hugged the goddess hard.  "Shh...It's 
all right.  These things happen, and it's nobody's fault.  As cold as that may 
sound...it's the way things are little sister."
	Tsunami glanced up suddenly in disbelief, but it seemed Washuu had no idea 
what she had just called Tsunami.  However it was the first clue she had, that 
there was still something of her sister inside of this mortal form.  "I know."  
she said as she cried softly.  She glanced up, "And you know what the worst 
thing is?  There is a very small part of me that wants this to happen.  I want 
to BE with him...no matter the how or the why."  Washuu continued to look 
sympathetically at Tsunami, still saying nothing.  "She'll enjoy it.  He'll make 
sure of that."
	"I would be very disappointed in him if he didn't.  Deneign priests are 
oversexed anyway."  They paused for a moment, then they both laughed at the 
shear inappropriateness of that statement.
	"After...After..." Tsunami fumbled.  Pleasure could be just as damaging as 
pain.  And this would be something that could cause both.  Something Sasami was 
not even close to being ready for.  While it would keep her from going insane if 
she where subjected to the full onslaught Tsunami was shielding her from...as at 
that time she would have entered the madness with Tsunami in a form that Sasami 
would be capable of handling it.  Grown for a time, and almost totally one with 
Tsunami.  How much closer would that make the assimilation?  What would happen 
in any case?  Even though this protects Sasami from what was going on now...how 
could she understand what happened later?  So many what ifs.  So many questions.  
And still this seemed the best solution.
	Washuu sensed her dilemma and said, "I'll talk to Sasami."

					*

	Sasami's sleep was troubled.  She kept tossing and turning; seeing Cyraqs 
in her nightmares.
	MUST FIND...NO! She heard his mind scream.  She...he wanted something.  
Badly.  The wanting turning into a needing...hers? His?  Pain flared through 
her, but it was his pain.  He...she couldn't understand what was going on.  
Confusion...I...he feels the link, the bond.  But to whom?  WHAT IS GOING ON?  
SHE...WHO IS...WHY?  Her head twisted from side to side violently.  She picked, 
no HE picked up his coffee table and crushed it with his bare hands. A scream 
that sounded part pain, part frustration, and totally inhuman tore itself from 
him; coming out only as a soundless whimper from her.
	A PRESENCE is outside...he felt. WHO?  WOMAN!  The need flared in 
her...him.  He growled like a wolf about to pounce in a killing blow. NO!  NOT 
HER!  She's not HER!  The presence she...he sensed fled, not that it mattered.  
He...she did not desire that one.  WHAT ONE? She screamed to him...herself.  And 
for a moment their dual minds separated, and looked upon one another.
YOU! He told her.  This was Cyraqs, but she had never seen anything more 
frightening in her life.  Eyes glowing red as blood, leaking energy so it seemed 
his eyes were bleeding.  His fangs pressed over his bottom lip, dripping Saliva 
and his face gnarled in anger, in fear, in pain, and desire.  He hunched over as 
his finger curled like claws.  This made him look more a rabid animal, than the 
man she knew.
	NO!  NOT HER!  He screamed, as her mind huddled in a corner within itself.  
Trying to find what sanctuary could be found, though there was none from this 
being.  There was nowhere to run, nowhere she could hide.  She was with him in 
this and she couldn't get away.
	She watched as his hand gripped a wall.  The wall was made of materials 
that could survive super nova's.  It may as well have been paper to him as he 
shreaded it.
	NOT HER!  He turned back, and those eyes bored into her once again.
	She screamed in the dream.

	<Sasami.> she heard a voice call her.  <Sasami.>
	She quit her thrashing and her eyes shot open in fear.  What was that?  
"What is it?" she asked groggily waking up.
	<It's me Sasami.>
	"Tsunami." she whispered. "What's going on?"
	<Go outside.  We will talk there.>
	"Alright." she complied.  Quickly she threw on some shoes and a light 
coat, and quietly tiptoed outside.  "I'm here Tsunami." she announced; she 
didn't have long to wait.
	"Sasami," she said softly as she appeared before her.  "I need to ask a 
favor of you.  A big one."
	She didn't even hesitate.  "Whatever you need."
	"You will want to hear what it is before you agree to it."  I still don't 
believe I'm asking this of you.  Why must this happen to us?
	"I don't care.  If you need something I am here." she said adamantly.
	Tsunami felt a wave of relief wash over her.  "Thank you."  She became 
very serious then.  "Sasami...I need to borrow your body."
	Why would she...OH!  Her eyes grew wide when Tsunami showed her what and 
why she was asking this of her.  She wasn't that young that she didn't know a 
few of the facts of life, but that she was being asked this...It quite literally 
blew her mind.
	Tsunami felt the emotions that ran through Sasami as she worked it out.  
<You can back out anytime you want.  I will not blame you.  I can try to protect 
you, but...>
	<Is it really necessary?  I mean can't you do this alone?>  There was fear 
there, but it was under control for now.
	<I lo...care for him.>  Sasami's expression turned to one of mild 
disbelief.  <It's true! I do care for him!>  She cranked the disbelief up by one 
thousand percent.  <Fine!  I love him with every iota of my being!  Is that what 
you wanted to hear?>
	<No, it's what I needed to hear.> Sasami replied. <Is there no other way?>
	<I cannot bear to see him in pain, and if it is within my power to help 
I will.>  She gave the impression of taking a deep breath before continuing.  
<But I can't do this alone.  I'm only solid energy in this form, and I don't 
have the power to take another physical form other than my tree ship.  I need a 
real physical humanoid body for this.  That is the whole problem.  Our 
connection and your body's changes are what inadvertently triggered this; I need 
to work through you.>
	Sasami considered the implications of what was being asked of her.  Her?  
A ten year old girl?  It wasn't the physics of it that had her taken aback, that 
was part of what Tsunami had told her could be taken care of.  It was that just 
like Tenchi, she wasn't ready for that!  She also knew that if he were placed in 
a similar situation with the roles reversed, he wouldn't have hesitated.  But he 
had one big advantage; he was seventeen and had the time to become used to the 
idea.  She was only ten; still way too young.  But if it will help Cyraqs...she 
looked at Tsunami intently and gave Tsunami her answer.
	<I will help you Tsunami.  Besides,> she added wryly, <I love him too.>
	<Then brace yourself.  This may feel weird, and you had better let me have 
control as you won't be used to the way you will need to move as an adult yet.>  
Tsunami's mind fell silent within Sasami, and then Tsunami disappeared in a 
shimmering of light.  The light entered Sasami.
	In time lapse fashion Sasami grew larger, maturer, and her clothing 
changing to the priestess garb that Tsunami wore.  As she grew the True Power 
Runes on her forehead changed to the double circles signifying Tsunami's power.  
She was done in moments; her face and other attributes had grown wiser more 
mature, but there was still a smattering of freckles on her cheeks of which if 
she knew about she would have been very angery.  Sasami did not like her 
freckles.  The smile on her face was somehow a mix between the two.
	<Ready to go Sasami?>
	<No,> she replied, <but let's do it anyway.>  With that, the combined 
Sasami and Tsunami being shifted her presence to Cyraqs' Cabin.
	Tenchi stepped out of nothing and silently thanked his sensei for teaching 
him how to be undetectable.  A dozen questions formed in his mind.  Perhaps one 
person might have the answers.
	He looked back into the house and vanished.  He reappeared in Washuu's 
lab, the scientist herself busy typing at her holoboard.
	"Why have Tsunami and Sasami gone to the cabin?"
	Washuu ceased her typing.  She looked at him and pursed her lips as it 
looked she was struggling with some internal conflict.
	"Have a seat Tenchi."  A cushion appeared under him, not giving him the 
option.  She studied him for a moment, marveling at how much he seemed to have 
grown these past months.  Not just physically, but mentally and spiritually.  
He's a lot more perceptive than he was, she thought to herself.  "They go to do 
what they need to do for Cyraqs...and for themselves."
	Tenchi settled back into the cushion, and prepared himself for her 
explanation.
						*

<Open Arms-Journey>

	"Dear Kami-sama!"  Sasami exclaimed in disbelief.
	The reason for her exclamation was that the humble abode of the being of 
impossibility was in an entropic state of disorder. Most likely caused by said 
semi-metaphysical being, normally existing simultaneously in all dimensions, 
congealed into one, and was now on a massive hormonal imbalance that was 
amplified by his universe shaking power.  Translation:  Cyraqs had trashed the 
place in the Rage.  Parts of the three couches were all over the living room. 
The table was little more than splinters.  Sasami gasped; just like in my dream 
where I...HE crushed it.  They looked all around.  Everywhere their eyes touched 
were various pot marks, foot shaped impressions along, and various blast marks.
	Carefully they stepped over the various pieces of furniture on the floor; 
moving toward the master bedroom where they felt his life's force.
	The bedroom was relatively untouched, save for the crushed sunglasses 
fragments scattered across the room.  Idly Tsunami wondered why he had a 
bedroom, much less two, as he didn't sleep much more than maybe an hour a week, 
and then usually he crashed on one of his couches.  This did not really concern 
them as they scanned the room they saw Cyraqs huddled in a corner, his face a 
mask of pain, and his eyes...they glowed a tortured red color in the darkness.  
Their heart went out to him; instantly they were at his side.  
	"Do you know how many ways I have thought to fuck the shit out of the 
women here?  I could drive them out of their mortal minds with pleasure."  He 
laughed, but there was no humor there.  "Nine-hundred sixty-two so far.  And 
I'm not even close to being done yet."  They couldn't bear the tortured sound of 
his voice and the look of horror in his eyes.  Slowly they bent down and kissed 
him on the lips; it was tentative, but it got his attention.  "Tsunami is that 
you?" he asked as they pulled back.  "Not possible, you're real.  Can't work 
unless I shift my being to pure energy too, like we did those centuries ago.  
Which I can't do now!" This caused another fit of tortured laughter; which they 
silenced with another kiss; this one much harder.  Something dreadful occurred 
to him through the fog of pain and emotion.  "Sasami!  NO!  Don't do this!  You 
two needn't do this!  Will be over in a week!  No need..." They placed a finger 
on his lips, silencing him.
	"Maybe." they said, "But you'll be weak for a month afterward and you...we 
are in great pain now.  We can ease your suffering, and so ease our suffering."  
They kissed him for a third time silencing all lingering protests.
	He grasped them in a furious embrace, almost crushing them against him.  
And suddenly Tsunami lost all control of the shield she still maintained for 
Sasami's sake.  Sasami couldn't believe the emotions and sensations that were 
rushing through her at this simple act.  Her...their body reacted and felt in 
ways that she had never felt before.  It was overwhelming her, flooding them 
both with a passion and desire that ran through their veins like liquid lava.  
It nearly burned all conscious thought from them.  It was only by the combined 
will of the two, that they managed to stay coherent.
	Tsunami had felt similar to this.  She had done this with him in the past.  
It had happened a few times in the many thousands of years, for some reason or 
another.  Both had laughed about it later not taking it too seriously.  Both 
knowing in their souls it was really the effect of something more.  This time it 
was so different, it was more.  It was once how he'd described holding her in 
jest.  It was like holding on to pure life, and all that meant.  All the need, 
all the desires, all the love in the limitless cosmos condensed into a form no 
smaller than he, and then given to her.  Allowing it to run through them like 
solid ice, and raging fire, and burning acid, and other things that had no name.
	They wanted it to last forever.
	They gasped sharply as he stood them to full height.  Slowly, almost 
reverently, he undid the formal overcoat Tsunami wore, and let it drop to the 
floor.
	Freed of that constraining piece of clothing he began to gently stroke 
their body through their clothing.  He moved up their arms, and down over their 
shoulders.  As his hands moved she felt the tracing of little lines of electric 
fire over the area where his fingers touched.  Which is exactly what was 
happening.  His body and eyes glowed a soft blue, no longer in torture, but in 
desire.  Where he touched he deposited small amounts of power which amplified 
the sensations of already excited nerves.  The area between her legs began to 
get slick with extra lubrication of her excitation.
	Their nipples grew hard and intolerably hot as he reached her breast.  
Running his finger tips over the expanse of her bosoms he finally reached their 
nipples.  Already sensitive to his ministrations on the rest of them; his direct 
touch on the more sensitive parts of them almost caused them to faint.
	No longer satisfied with touching them through their clothing; he deftly 
loosened their outer and inner kimono with a few quick motions of his hands.
	By this time their minds were almost perfectly synchronized, and it 
contained one burning thought:  I want...need more!
	Desperately they reached around and pulled at his red T-shirt struggling 
to take it off.  It was coming off, but not quick enough to suit them.  So with 
a mighty tug they ripped the shirt clean off, and cast it aside.  Sasami stopped 
them momentarily when she took in his bared chest.
	He was not what most women would call attractive in this area.  Scars 
crossed and criss-crossed his entire upper torso.  He could get rid of them at 
will, but he kept them for sentimental reasons.  Tsunami remembered that he had 
gained a few of them in her defense; many thousands of years ago.  Every muscle 
here was defined; severely so.  That stood to reason, as his muscles had only 
one purpose, that being speed and power.  Now they were being adapted to the 
purpose of pleasuring them, and were doing so admirably.
	He reached up and pulled them down into a passionate kiss; while he worked 
on loosening their feminine Juraian undergarments.  During the process they felt 
his tongue run along the edges of their teeth; hot and demanding.  Curious, they 
allowed his tongue entry into their mouth, their own tongue reaching into his.  
They almost giggled when their tongue ran over his teeth.  I never knew he had 
fangs, thought Tsunami.  For the next minute or two he taught them how to French 
kiss, still working on their undergarments.  Finally he loosened it enough so 
the top part fell open.  He broke off their kiss, much to their annoyance as 
they were really enjoying that, and pulled the armlets of her undergarment down 
exposing their breasts.
	"Oh my..." he managed to stammer out as he beheld them.  Their breasts 
were large; just shy of voluptuous, perfectly rounded and formed, with cute 
little pink rosebuds for nipples.  They were quite easily the most beautiful he 
had ever seen.  Under other circumstances they may have been curious enough to 
examine themselves to discover what had his gaze riveted.  This was not the 
time.  The need they were feeling, both his and their own, wanted his touch.  
None too gently they grabbed his hands and brought it to their breasts; which 
were screaming for his caress.
	With great care he began to slowly run his fingers over their breasts; 
softly stroking them, eliciting soft moans from them.  Moving his lips toward 
hers; they began kissing again.  So far the pleasure giving was almost one sided 
and they were so wet right now they could actually feel their juices running 
freely between their legs.  They wanted to do much more for him.
	Sasami made a suggestion, shocking the hell out of Tsunami.  <Where did 
you learn that?>
	<Well...> she replied sheepishly, <Ryouko and Aeka aren't the only ones 
who read Nobiyuki's books.>  She almost laughed; I'm going to be a hentai when 
she grows up.  Still that would definitely solve that problem.
	Breaking their kiss momentarily, they pushed him down to a sitting 
position on the bed, and began tracing a line from his mouth, down his neck, and 
down further still; drawing their own lines of electric fire.
	Cyraqs was too far-gone to consciously understand what they were doing.  
The part of his mind that was still working was quite content to let them 
continue for the moment.
	As they kissed him down his chest they began fumbling at the belt to his 
blue jeans.  They barely maintained their composure when they saw what sprang 
free from the boxers he wore.
	"Oh my..." they said in both rapture and fear, mimicking his earlier 
comment.
	It wasn't the largest rod they had heard of, but still a fully erect 25-cm 
was enough to give them pause.   And we're about to what with this now? They 
asked themselves in disbelief.  They could hardly imagine something more than a 
few centimeters within them, though with what they had seen in some of the 
magazines of Nobiyuki's it was possible for a woman to accept more.  In a moment 
of fear Tsunami even went so far as to scan her insides to make sure they could 
in fact do this.  Other than a slight obstruction she noticed it would be 
possible, if a little tight.  Both what they were going to do now, and for what 
they were going to do later.
	Cyraqs watched in mute fascination as they kissed his rod haltingly a few 
times, causing shocks of pleasure to course through his body.  Finally they took 
the big plunge and began swallowing his cock to the hilt.
	He could hardly stand it!  Their moist mouth and throat was burning his 
penis right to the core.  He began to shudder and clench convulsively at the 
covers.  Realizing if they kept this up he would probably cum right in their 
mouth in a very short amount of time.
	Tsunami and Sasami were smiling at his reaction, both very happy they 
could bring such pleasure to him.  And once they had turned off their gag 
reflex, they found it to be quite fun; causing him to squirm like that.
	Suddenly they felt themselves forcibly dragged up on the bed, flat on 
their back.  A little startled they relaxed almost instantly when he kissed them 
full on the lips, and after that began moving his mouth to her neck, his beard 
tickling her as he continued on to her breasts.
	He was still doing the blue aura thing as he kissed his way across the 
expanse of her bosom.  'Twas magnified further now that he was touching their 
bare skin.  Reaching their left nipple he gently bit at it while his hand ran up 
her inner thigh, tapping certain pressure points designed to increase her 
pleasure.
	It was hard, very hard, to keep from cumming right then and there.  Their 
willpower was rapidly giving way under his skilled hands; causing them to moan 
and squirm in earnest.  It was an exquisite torment what he was doing to them.  
Silently Tsunami both cursed and blessed the Deneign's for training him so well 
in these arts that he could do this on instinct alone.
	 Yes...the woman is pleased, the part of his mind that was the Rage 
noticed.  I must please her further still so she will be truly ready.  That part 
guided him down between her legs.  He left one hand on her breasts to continue 
his work there, and the other one was put to the task of pulling aside the cloth 
covering that was between her legs; satisfying curiosity, had he any at the 
time, about that.  She was water-blue down there too.
	Using his two fingers he separated the lips of their vagina causing them 
to bite their lower lip as the wonderful sensation ran through their body.  He 
then ran his tongue along the inner walls of their sheath; his beard tickling 
their inner thigh.  Their lower lip began to tremble; tears of intense pleasure 
formed at the corners of their eyes.  They had almost lost all control...his 
tongue had reached their sensitive center; he stroked once...and with a loud cry 
of "OOOOHHHHHH!" every nerve in their body exploded at once.
	Every muscle in their body clenched tightly as wave after wave of pleasure 
that was indescribable rocketed through them; their legs grasped Cyraqs' head 
tightly as they rocked back and forth.  Any normal man would have had his neck 
broken in an instant, but Cyraqs was hardly normal.  Still he found it hard 
pressed to suck up the enormous amount of juices that flowed from her. He 
wouldn't have complained had he been able.
	So that was an Orgasm! They both thought at once.  It was the first one 
Tsunami had experienced in the physical realm, and Sasami's first ever.  It was 
overwhelming, but they realized with a shudder of pleasure, that there would be 
many more before this night was done.
	They moved their body and were surprised that they were completely nude, 
their long hair was completely undone, and flowing freely beneath them.  They 
giggled a little; so engrossed in the sensations they had been experiencing, 
they hadn't noticed Cyraqs completely divesting them of all clothing.
	He pulled back and admired them with a hungry gaze.  Truly, they were 
perfect in every way.  His eyes roved over them to the pink eyes that spoke of 
her pleasure.  To the blue hair that softly framed their lightly freckled face.  
To their breast lightly topped by her cute little pink rosebuds.  To her legs 
that went from here to there back to here again, via the scenic route.  And to 
the perfectly formed blue diamond contained between those beautiful legs.
	He wanted...needed that right now.  Shucking his pants and boxers, light 
speed, he slowly pulled himself between their legs, which widened instinctively 
at his approach.
	They had watched him in anticipation; there was no fear, no consciousness, 
no doubt. There was only raw naked desire.  Desire mirrored in Cyraqs' eyes as 
they continued glowing a soft blue.
	The woman is ready.  
	With that he pushed past their initial tightness, but stopping when he 
encountered their hymen.  His brow furrowed slightly, and he pushed through the 
obstruction, burying himself completely inside them.
	They tensed when they felt him at their virgin barrier.  Bracing 
themselves they tensed in anticipation of the pain his final thrust inside of 
them would cause.
	It never came.
	He did something to us!  However that momentary spark of thought was the 
last bit they would have for some time to come.
	This was even more pleasurable than before, each stroke driving them to 
new levels of ecstasy.  Cyraqs was long beyond any thought, beyond anything, but 
what he was doing with the woman before him.  Only his need for them existed 
now.
	Need and desperation and pleasure and pain all connected between the 
three.  Each feeling the other and amplifying it between them.  The feeling and 
sensations that his penetrations were causing, were growing intolerable; growing 
beyond even the first time, beyond...with an inhuman cry they climaxed all 
around his cock; vaginal muscles pulsating and clenching tightly.  Still he 
continued his pumping movements; only now he had pulled their legs up and was 
pinning their knees to their chest with each thrust.
	His endurance was very high, but even he had his limits that he was 
rapidly approaching now.  Approaching and, with two quick thrusts, beyond; with 
an animal like cry, sent his seed shooting inside of her.
	Suddenly they felt him stiffen, and then felt his white-hot stream of 
semen being forced deep inside of them.  They were already being built up again, 
but the knowledge of what just happened excited them more than enough to drive 
them into another grand orgasm.
	Dismayed, they felt him go soft inside of them momentarily, but were 
pleasantly surprised when they felt him grow longer and thicker almost 
immediately after.
	Sasami had an impulse then, which they both followed through on.  
Grasping Cyraqs tightly with their legs they twisted violently, throwing Cyraqs 
on his back, and they on top.  The force used drove his phallus deep inside of 
them and his pelvis to hit theirs hard.  The combination of pleasure and pain 
echoed and redoubled almost caused them to loose consciousness, but they quickly 
recovered and began moving on top of him.  They found the movements were a 
little different on top, but they quickly adapted and were just as quickly 
building themselves up again.
	Cyraqs's fangs almost bared themselves.  He could feel them, what they 
felt, and what he felt inside of them at the same time.  The feelings of being 
inside of and being pushed into drove him to frenzy.  The shear power he was 
feeling both from her and himself as they released energies into each other that 
would flatten whole galaxies tapped deep into a side of himself that was more 
than the feral call of the Rage and even more than the black intensity of his 
insanity.  Here was the Very light and center of the universe where now only he 
and the goddess in his arms existed, making love.
	They knew everything, felt everything, he did.  Their minds both mortal 
and goddess stretching to levels even she had never experienced.  And still he
was pushing them farther and farther into ecstasy.
	He reached up and pulled them down roughly.  His mouth covering their 
breasts. Everything that was going on, which was both everywhere and only right 
here was driving them out of their minds.  Oh my GOD!  IT'S HAPPENING AGAIN! 
They thought together.  Yes, it wouldn't be long now...wouldn't be...
	They didn't even bother to repress the scream that tore loose from the 
very core of their soul as they were driven beyond their limits yet again.
	He felt their muscles clench in ecstasy again, but this time he was 
trapped under them, unable to move.  The feeling of being nearly crushed inside 
of them was too much for him to bear, and crying out loud enough to match them, 
he climaxed with them.
	Slowly they came out of it, and already he was hard inside of them again.  
Suddenly they felt him shift under them and now, in this new position, they were 
face to face with him.  They were pulled into a passionate kiss, which they 
threw themselves into in abandon.  They began move on him, tongues dancing in 
each other's mouth.
	They really didn't know how long they continued on like this, but finally 
sometime before dawn, they finished for a final time, and he rolled them on top 
of him, going dormant in exhaustion.  Sasami quickly followed.
	It was with an amazing amount of will that Tsunami kept from fainting 
along with them.  His arms felt so warm and comfortable.  She could feel the 
siren call of sleep, beckoning her to it's hold.  She knew, however, that as 
much as she almost needed his embrace, she couldn't stay here.
Reluctantly she pulled them out of his arms and out of bed.  She used what was 
left of her power to will both of their clothes on, and the bed cleaned up.  She 
did this because with all that had gone on it was unlikely he would remember any 
of this.  Which was fortunate.  Tsunami wasn't sure how to handle the guilt he 
would feel.  Perhaps now she wouldn't have too.
	She slowly stumbled out of the bedroom, through the living room, carefully 
stepping over the debris, and into his spare bedroom.  She then scanned herself 
making sure there would be no ill effects from their activities; after all it 
wouldn't do for such a young girl to get pregnant.  Satisfied that there would 
be no such...consequences... she let their body and clothes flow back to that of 
Sasami's body and clothes.  She barely managed to get them to the bed before she 
too passed out in blissful exhaustion.

							*

	Sasami awoke with a start.  She found herself on a very comfortable bed, 
in a white circular room.  She moved her head over, nearly wincing with the 
effort.  Washuu was beside Sasami on her familiar cushion and Holoboard tapping 
madly away.  Sasami shifted and groaned feeling sore all over.
	"Ah...you're finally awake I see."  Washuu looked over toward Sasami and 
pointed to something beside the bed.  Sasami looked to where she indicated and 
saw a glass of water on a table that hovered in mid air.  She grabbed it almost 
greedily and swallowed it contents wetting her parched lips and throat.  Setting 
the glass down she noticed she needed urinate badly too.  Washuu pointed to 
another part of the room that had a simple door in it.
	Ignoring her protesting muscles, Sasami shuffled out of bed and to the 
room. Once she was done there, she stumbled out of the small bathroom and back 
to the bed.  "What am I doing here?" she asked as she sat down.
	"Well I brought you here Sasami.  We need to talk."
	Sleep still clouded the young girl's mind.  Obvious deductions were taking 
major effort so she sat there still confused.  "Why?"
	Washuu banished her keyboard and looked directly at the princess.  "I 
think you know.  Don't try to hide anything from me. Consider where I had to 
grab you from."
	Memories of the previous night began to trickle into her mind.  As each 
one played itself out, all of her capillaries began to open wider and wider 
until finally a very deep full body red blush overcame her.
	Washuu chuckled.  "That's better."
	Most of it was a big blur...especially toward the end when she and he...if 
it was possible she grew even redder.  To think it had actually felt THAT good.  
I mean what was there to fear about it?  It was almost absurdly laughable that 
she was so scared of what was going to happen she couldn't believe the reality 
was so...pleasurable.  Her cramping muscles though reminded her of the price she 
had paid for that.   A night of pleasure, and she would most likely be sore for 
DAYS afterward.  But it was a nice pleasant pain.
	"None of that girl.  This is serious."  The euphoric smile on Sasami's 
face faded.
	"What's wrong?"
	Washuu looked at her almost pityingly.  "Everything.  And at the same time 
nothing."  Washuu jumped off her cushion and walked over to the bed.  She jumped 
up right beside Sasami and sat down.  "I suppose I could start this conversation 
with the usual 'How was it?'  Judging by your earlier expression your first time 
was probably the best it has ever been for a girl."
	Sasami bowed her head in embarrassment as the blush came over her again.  Sasami felt that Washuu was waiting for confirmation of it.  "It was...nice."
	"Nice she says.  The girl gets probably some of the best sex in the 
universe and she only calls it nice."  Washuu quipped to herself. "Yeah.  It was 
nice.  It's a good thing that he had those psychic shields up around his cabin, 
and it was an even better thing *I* augmented them, otherwise you two would have 
had half the cosmos in trouble."  They were silent for a few minutes as Washuu 
collected her thoughts.  "You see the problem here is, you haven't the life 
experience to understand the full ramifications of doing what you just did.  
Hell, most of the time even grown ups don't understand that."  Washuu sighed.  
"But they at least have the experience to know they don't understand, and to 
know how to go about getting it.  At least by that time you hope they do."  
Washuu looked at Sasami suddenly.  "What did you think of it?  Tell me 
everything." 
	"I don't know what to tell you Miss Washuu.  What are you asking me?"
	Washuu sighed again.  "What do you feel now?  What did you feel then?"
	Sasami looked away then looked back at the diminutive redhead.  "I was 
scared at first, but then when he started...when we all started I felt things 
I've never felt before.  Strange grown up things that felt really good.  And 
when we kept going, it just kept getting better and better.  
Especially...the...ummmm..."
	Washuu grinned maniacally.  "Yes those are always fun.  Continue."
	Sasami took a breath.  "It was weird, at times I was everywhere in the 
universe, but I was still right there with him.  And when I was everywhere, he 
was with me, and we were still...you know."  Sasami's blush intensified if at all 
possible.  "At the end I was so tired I couldn't stay awake and I fell asleep."  
Sasami took a breath.  "Now I still feel tired, I feel sore...really sore."  
Washuu chuckled.  "Mostly I feel like I lost something when I went back to being 
like I am now.  I liked doing it, and I honestly wanna do it again Washuu." 
	Washuu finished taking in the information, and gave herself a second to 
analyze it.  "Let me see if I can explain something Sasami." She began.  "Men 
and women do what you and my son did for many reasons.  Biologically speaking 
they do this to have children."  Sasami's eyes widened momentarily.  "Don't 
worry, you're safe from that."  Sasami sighed in relief.  Not that she didn't 
want to have children, but even she had the sense to not want to have one right now.  
"Other times adults do this as an expression of love...or even to have fun.  
Which at times amounts to the same thing.  When one does it just to have fun 
though one misses out on the feelings of love that come with it.  So quite often 
times those people are left feeling slight disappointment.   Some adults will 
not do it unless they are in love with the person in question."  Washuu looked 
Sasami right in the eyes.  "My son is such a person."  Washuu took a moment for 
that to sink in to her companion before she continued.  "What happened last 
night was...well I think that has to be one of the oddest set of circumstances I 
have ever seen.  You are aware of why he went off, so to speak?"
	Sasami nodded.  "Tsunami told me.  She said I had just started...puberty."
	Washuu nodded as well.  "Yes.  And since you and Tsunami are so 
close...that triggered his Rage.  It's why they needed you as well."
	"So what you're saying is he doesn't love me?"
	Washuu rolled her eyes.  "Hardly Sasami.  I think he loves you a great 
deal.  Just not like that.  At least not yet."  I could be wrong on that one 
too, but for now I'll just keep it as simple as I can.  "For one it's very 
doubtful he'll remember your activities last night as I believe you already 
know.  Considering you were transcending every plain of existence and then some, 
while he was so Rage warped, he'll probably just chalk it up as a bad trip if he 
remembers anything."  They both had a good laugh at that thought.  "If he does 
though, he's going to have to come to terms with the fact he just made love to a 
girl of your age, of your life experience.  You were not ready, and it's going 
to do some very vile things to his psyche.  He'll wind up blaming himself for 
the whole mess, when there is really no one that can be blamed.  There's no 
telling what he'll do to himself."
	A mental image of him trying to kill himself sprang into her mind, 
horrifying her.  "I won't tell him."  Sasami promised.
	Washuu nodded gratefully.  "Good."  Washuu asked another question.  "How 
do you feel about him?"
	Sasami blushed again.  "He teases me a lot.  You know that, but..."
	"But?" Washuu pressed.
	"I remember when he'd walk in the house before, and I'd feel all nice and 
warm around him.  When I could get him to smile, I felt like smiling.  When he 
wanted to laugh I wanted to laugh too.  When he was sad I wanted to make him 
happy!  When..."
	"Alright...that's all I wanted to know."  Washuu interrupted.  "I just 
didn't want you to fall in love with him because of any physical attraction or 
just because he made you feel physically good."
	"But Washuu, if I was that kind of girl I'd have gone after Tenchi when I 
first saw him."
	Washuu looked at Sasami dumbfounded for one shocked moment, then laughed 
long and hard.  "How true...how very true.  He has a cute butt don't he?"
	Sasami looked at Washuu curiously.  "I don't know.  I always liked his 
shoulders and chest and stuff."
	"Eh."  Washuu said, "To each, her own."  Washuu chuckled again, though it 
seemed to herself more than anything.  "I just wanted to make sure if you were 
going to fall in love with him, it's for the right reasons.  Not for anything he 
might have done for you last night."
	Sasami nodded thoughtfully.  Something struck her and she turned her gaze 
back to Washuu.  "So you don't mind if I do?"  Washuu nodded negative.  "But 
what happens if he don't love me like that, or if I don't love him later or 
something else happens?"
	"That Sasami, is what you must find out on your own.  That is part of what 
growing up and living is about.  Anyway it turns out; you'll have learned 
something from it."
	Sasami thought about it for a moment.  "K."
	"Now I think you need to sleep some more Princess.  Don't worry about the 
time, it only moves when I want it too in here.  So get as much rest as you 
need." 
	"Thank you."  Sasami yawned and dropped back on the bed.  Washuu began 
tucking her in when Sasami spoke again.  "Washuu?"
	"Hmm?"
	"Do you think it's possible for him to love me like that?"
	"Only time will tell you that."  With that Sasami dropped immediately into 
slumber.  Tsunami appeared almost instantly after.
	Washuu looked at her thoughtfully.  "Girl is much older in mind than I 
think we've been giving her credit for."
	Tsunami looked downcast.  "She gets that from me, and from all those other 
experiences she's had.  She's grown up a lot faster than she should have."
	"Does she also get her love for Cyraqs from you?"  Washuu asked.
	Tsunami barely acknowledged the near accusation in Washuu's voice.  "I 
don't know.  I only know what we each feel.  I wish I did.  Dear God I wish I 
did."  A single tear trickled down Tsunami's cheek.  "Forever changed from what 
she may have become on her own."
	"She'd be dead."  Washuu stated.
	"I know.  Sometimes I wonder if that would have been better."  Another 
tear followed the first one.  "Why do these things keep happening to her?"
	Washuu put a comforting hand on Tsunami's shoulder.  "I don't know."

						*



	Cyraqs awoke and felt...odd.  It was the only way to describe it, odd.  
Good though.  He also found that while The Rage was still there it was muted, 
and for some reason he was fairly certain it would stay that way 'till it ran 
it's course.
	He also noticed most of his senses had returned.  There were two life 
signs in his cabin.  He recognized them instantly, and was scared out of his 
mind that they might have come in before he lost consciousness.
	He didn't walk or run, he was simply there.  In the living room, repaired 
by Washuu's machines, and Washuu herself sitting on one of his couches, tapping 
at her holoboard.  "Oh there you are."  She said not looking up.  "I've been 
repairing the damage you did to your cabin.  Next time you have a wild party 
invite me will you?"
	"Ha, ha very funny mom.  How did you know I would be coherent today?"
	"I'm not the number one genius scientist in the universe for nothing you 
know.  Besides, little Sasami here was worried sick about you."
	He turned his attention to the little bundle beside Washuu.  Sasami 
asleep, her head barely peaking out of the covers she was under.  He smiled 
gently as He bent down and slowly shook her awake.  She opened her eyes and 
smiled at him, though she blushed a deep red.
	"Is it cold?" he asked, "Here let me warm it up a bit."  The room's 
temperature climbed a few degrees in the next few moments.  "You shouldn't have 
been so worried, shrimp.  I can take care of myself." He told her.
	Sasami's eyes narrowed in annoyance.  "You're not much taller than me."  
Then her eyes softened and opened wide in concern.  "I couldn't help but worry 
about you.  Are you alright now?" she asked.
	He sighed.  She was way too kind for her own good sometimes.  "Yes.  I'll 
be fine now." he said, "Seems I fought off the worst of it last night."
	She laughed outright.  You were right, Tsunami.  He doesn't remember 
anything.
	He was very puzzled by her reaction, and was very surprised when she threw 
herself into his arms.  I hope that covers that up.  Not that it would have 
mattered, he had no memory of his time during the Rage.
	"I'm so glad you're feeling better!" she said in sincere relief.  It felt 
good that she was so concerned about him, but there was something a little weird 
about her last statement.  Did she sound just a trifle regretful?

<Ending Theme-Dreams-VanHalen>

End 8

Author's Afterward:  Did this do what I hope it did?  Show what I hoped it 
would?  Circumstances would have to have been seriously screwed up (like they 
were) for Sasami to even THINK about having sex at her age.  It's the only 
possible way.  Anything else would most likely be a pedophile's fantasy.  Though 
there have been exceptions to that rule.  Heh.


