Heaven and Eternity

by K'thardin

Standard Disclaimer:  If you don't know what these say by now, you probably 
never will, but here goes.  You will never win!  Muhuhahahahah!  Sorry.  
Anyway I don't own Tenchi Muyo!  I do own my characters!  There!  Oh, by the 
way; feel free to reprint this, just remember to credit me.  You'll notice I 
finally made a standard one.

Authors Forward:  I wrote this one while watching "It's a Wonderful Life." for 
about the 21st time Christmas Eve.  Well not the entire thing, but the basic 
plot outline.  No it's not another Wonderful Life rip off; I wasn't even 
paying attention to the movie.  I was just considering what I could get for 
one of the characters in Tenchi Muyo!  What could you get for someone who can 
make anything?  Then it came to me.  I was going to do this anyway, but I like 
this way better.  You may not like this one.  Or you may depending on your 
sense of fairness; who knows?  At least there is some real action in this one.  
And now for tonights treat kiddies (sorry)...

The Most Wonderful Gift of All

"If you have the will; if you have the love, no force can overcome you."
		-Cyraqs

<Opening Theme:  Sweet Child O'mine-Guns and Roses>

	Minagi really hated having to do this.  Unfortunately her ship was 
Jurian in nature, and had to be recharged occasionally.  Especially with how 
hard she ran it.  Not to mention some of the special maintenance needs that 
could only be met here.  Probably going to cost me an arm and a leg, she 
thought in irritation.
	"Juraian Space port; this is Minagi captain of the Yakage.  Request 
permission to dock for maintenance and recharging."
	"Yakage, you are cleared to land on docking bay twelve; planet side."  
That was quick.  And planet side too.  That's pretty nice of them.  "And we 
welcome your ship back after being gone for so many years."  Great.  Just what 
I really want to hear, she thought sarcastically.  Well I hope this doesn't 
take too long.  I really want to get back to what I was doing.  In case you 
are wondering this means she wants to get back to hijacking and looting bad 
people's ships (as she puts it).

						*

	The figure at the desk was sitting there.  Just that; sitting there.  
Oh, and listening to music, Juraian, while sitting there.  Truly a boring day.  
No, make that a boring week, and month for that matter.  Nobody was doing 
anything, and that scared her somewhat.  There was no way in hell that 
everyone had just turned good and was going to treat everyone else with honor 
and decency.  People just didn't do that; it wasn't in their nature.
	Yet if one were to look at Jurai's Inspector General of Information's 
bare desk; you would be hard pressed to agree with her.  In fact other than 
that last coup attempt (a very comical affair, really), and the occasional 
request to go to earth to court Ayeka's hand (which the Emperor had expressly 
forbid) nothing was happening.  Politics are what she thrived on; what she 
lived for.  Without them she was bored.  Very, very bored.
	With that in mind she went to seek some advice.  Or found something to 
do; whichever came first.

						*

	She found her sister in the training Gym.  It appeared that the Supreme 
Commander of the Royal BodyGuard had finished trouncing another set of 
hardened warriors.  Normally she was bright and bubbly (kind of like her 
youngest daughter, except for the strength factor), but in any combat 
situation; she was a death machine.
	In fact other than her son, and then only on rare occasion, only one 
other had ever beaten Misaki in combat.  Then again he beat everyone pretty 
easily (frustrating her sister to no end).  Idly she wondered what happened to 
Lord Cyraqs, he had to leave so suddenly a little over 700 years ago; a few 
years before Ryouko had destroyed most of the original palace.
	Suddenly Misaki spied Funahou and waved her over to the practice mat in 
her normal energetic manner.
	"So. Looks like you yet again prove yourself the master of the battle." 
Funahou said as she approached the mat.
	"Oh just keeping in shape.  Which would be easier if certain people 
would train harder!" she yelled to the warriors who shuffled off to lick their 
wounds; pride mostly.
	"At least someone is keeping their fighting skills on edge."
	"Of course!  That's my job!" her eyes narrowed slightly when she noticed 
Funahou preoccupied with something.  "So what brings you here...Wait a minute!  
Don't answer yet!  You haven't practiced very hard recently, have you?"
	Oh great, this is not what I needed. "I did come to talk, but..."
	"But nothing!  C'mon get changed.  We can talk and spar at the same 
time!"
	Resigning herself to the inevitable, Funahou went to the women's locker 
room.  At least I won't be bored, she thought sarcastically.
	Later she came out clad in the Jurian version of a Karate Gi.  Which in 
all actuality was very similar to earth's version of the garment, except for 
the leafy designs on it.  Meeting Misaki in the center of the mat the two 
combatants bowed and assumed a stance.
	Funahou had no delusions about her own abilities.  She was good, very 
good, but not even close to being a match against her sister in this area.  
Still she figured this was better than what she was doing before.  Even if 
this did involve a little pain.  Make that a lot of pain.
	"So what did you want to talk about?" Misaki asked dodging a punch aimed 
at her head.
	"I was just wondering if anything was going on that your soldiers may 
have heard about or what not." She tried a double kick punch combo that had on 
rare occasion gotten past Misaki's defenses.
	"Bored, I take it?"  Misaki nimbly dodged the attack, not taking any 
offensive action yet.
	"Highly.  It worries me when nobody is up to no good."  she tried a 
roundhouse, quickly ducked, followed by a hurricane kick.
	"Hmm...I have a thought!"  Misaki easily dodged Funahou's attacks, still 
not doing anything offensive.
	"What?"  This was getting redundant.  She couldn't even touch the woman 
much less hit her.
	"We could visit Earth!"  She was still dodging everything thrown at her.
	Funahou was not getting frustrated with her lack of effect.  She 
wouldn't let herself be so distracted.  Still, that idea caused her to lower 
her guard momentarily.  That's a good idea!  We could see the children, and 
when we got back; something was bound to have turned up.
	She hadn't noticed that Misaki had jumped completely over her and was 
tapping her on the back of the head.  Damn, she got me.
	"C'mon!  Let's go!  It'll be fun!" Funahou smiled as Misaki turned to 
look at her.
	"That's a good idea, sister.  I think we should head out as soon as 
possible."
	"That's great!" she yelled, "You think we should tell everyone?"
	Funahou considered it.  It wasn't often she had this turn of mind, but 
they were going to see the kids this time, and having a few thousand guards 
and officials around would ruin it.  "Not everyone.  They would try to over 
escort us, and we don't need them in the way."  Besides that poor boy has had 
more than he could probably stand already without that.
	"In that case we will need another transport."
	"True."  Suddenly she knew of just the one.  It was very easy to 
remember as it had been the only noteworthy piece of information that had 
passed her desk all week.  "I can arrange for our transport.  I think the only 
problem will be convincing Azusa to let us go."
	"Yes that could be a problem.  Any ideas?"
	Funahou started grinning evilly.  "I think between the two of us we can 
convince him."
	Picking up her meaning instantly Misaki produced a grin that matched 
Funahou's perfectly.  "That is bad!"
	"Enjoyable though."
	"True."
	That poor man was about to have a very busy night.  And most likely the 
following day as well; if he didn't succumb to them soon enough.  This author 
has no sympathy.

						*

	Sweat beaded the young girl's brow as it furrowed in concentration.  She 
was standing stock-still, not moving; hardly even breathing.  Her hand held a 
boken practice sword; her stance one of ready.  Suddenly she began to move.  
It was rhythmic, hypnotic to watch as the young girl glided through the forms 
of the Kata on the Temple lot.  
	Finally it ended and she was breathing heavily from the effort it took 
to do that.  She was kind of out of shape.
	"That was great big sister Sasami!"
	Sasami turned to look at the owner of the voice.  "Thank you Asahi!"
	Asahi was not really her younger sister.  In fact she was really around 
seven hundred years older than Sasami, because Sasami had spent a good portion 
of her life in stasis.  Before that, she was older than Asahi and her closest 
friend (which she still is).
	About a year ago they had been reunited under less than pleasant 
circumstances.  A rival craftsman had killed her father and Tenchi and co. had 
helped her rectify the situation.  Now she was the chief craftsman and the man 
responsible was justly punished.
	Since then they had kept close contact with each other and on occasion 
she even came for short visits.  However, this visit was a little longer as on 
this world it was a very special time.  A time of great celebrations and 
happiness.  It was Christmas time, a blessed time when a good portion of the 
peoples of this world embraced the other as brothers.  Sasami considered this 
a great holiday cause everyone was nice to each other, that and she got to get 
a lot of presents being the youngest.  But she also liked to see their eyes 
when they saw her gifts to them; that gave her a toasty feeling she really 
liked.  With that in mind she had invited Asahi (who didn't really have a 
family any more) over to spend the holidays of Earth with her.
	At present she was involved in reconditioning and reeducating herself in 
the Juraian fighting arts.  Her older brother had tested her recently and 
chided her on not keeping up.  Well it did help to fill in the gaps in her day 
when there wasn't much else to do, but sit around and watch T.V.
	*Clap*, *Clap*, *Clap*
	Huh?
	*Clap*, *Clap*, *Clap*
	Tenchi and Cyraqs appeared out of what seemed like nothing; having 
obviously taken time from their own personal training to watch her.  Cyraqs 
was clapping.  Tenchi was staring at her in amazement.
	"Not bad.  Need to work on your endurance." Cyraqs said.
	"I have to agree.  Though I didn't know you studied Sasami." Tenchi 
said.
	"We all do.  It's part of Juraian royal family training." Yoshou stated 
from his seat on the steps of the Shrine. "Sasami!"
	"Hai Sensei!"
	"Twenty laps!  Begin!"
	"Hai!"
`	Asahi looked at him a little concerned. "Isn't twenty laps around the 
Shrine a little much my lord?"
	Sasami didn't miss the emphasis she placed on the words 'my lord.'  She 
originally had to stave off her advances toward her Cyraqs when Asahi first 
got there.  Her friend finally got the message when she quite deliberately 
interposed herself between them and glared hard at her.  The most Cyraqs had 
been doing was finding excuses to teleport away. Now she had set her sights
on Yoshou.  It was obvious she liked older men and her brother was quite a
catch in any case.  Just as long as she stays away from my Cyraqs, she'll
be fine.  At least we cured her problem with men, Sasami thought wryly.
	"As my grandson pointed out, she must build up her endurance." he 
replied as Sasami started running over the snow covered ground, "She has 
exceptional form and control.  It is nothing without power behind it.  This is 
the only way to build the necessary strength."
	"Oh, I hope she'll be O.K."
	"I am utterly confident she can handle it." Yoshou said with utter 
confidence.
	"If she falls, Katsuhito, you die." Cyraqs told him dryly.
	Sweat beaded Yoshou's forehead despite the cold.  He's just joking...he 
looked at Cyraqs' face trying and failing to read it...right?
	A holographic view screen appeared in front of them suddenly; killing 
that train of thought.  On that screen a child-like red head appeared, and on 
her face was an amused grin.
	"Hello all!  I think you need to come down to my lab."
	"Why?" the collective cast asked.
	"Because your mother is on the line, Katsuhito."
	Now he was sweating profusely.  His last encounter with his mother 
turned into a major ass chewing session for him.  Who knows what this one 
might turn into!  Cyraqs' expression changed from indeterminate to down right 
evil.
	"Sasami!" Yoshou yelled at the girl; she had almost completed her first 
lap.
	"Hai!"
	"We'll continue later.  Right now we need to go to Washuu's lab."
	"Why?"
	The view screen turned so Washuu was looking at her.  "Because your 
mother is calling you Sasami."
	"MOMMY?!  I'll be right there!"  Misaki too?  Yoshou wondered why.
	"I'll get us there, in no time." Tenchi looked over at Cyraqs, "Unless, 
of course, you want to do it?" 
	"Does it matter?"
	"Kind of.  Don't need us both doing it."
	"If you say so."
	"I do."
	"So get it done."
	"I'm getting to that."
	"Well hurry up."  Tenchi knew this was a part of his sensei's strange 
sense of humor.  Still why did it have to be so irritating?  Screw it, he 
thought as he shifted them all to Washuu's lab.

					*

	Arriving at the lab they saw Nobiyuki and Ayeka already there.  Ryouko 
was tied up in the background a gag in her mouth.  I suppose Washuu was 
playing doctor again (shyaright).  Sasami broke all speed records in reaching 
the view screen .
	"Mommy!" she yelled.
	"Oh my little Sasami!" Funahou replied; her eyes watering.
	"We're mostly all here.  What did you want to ask?" Washuu asked the 
other figure on the screen.
	"We two were wondering if we could come by and visit for a couple of 
weeks." Funahou said.  Yoshou was about dead around this time.
	"Can they?  Oh please, can they?" Sasami asked Nobiyuki frantically.
	Nobiyuki has the problem that everyone else here has.  He can't deny 
Sasami anything.  So he didn't even consider the ramifications of his reply of 
"Absolutely, Sasami."  Ramifications meaning with everyone else there they 
really had no room.
	Tenchi however did consider them, and looked at Cyraqs in silent 
communication.  Cyraqs nodded; he had room at his cabin.
Nobiyuki had just realized the problem too, and was wondering how to fix that.  
Cyraqs let him sweat a bit before he approached the view screen.
	"Well it appears there is no problem here.  You won't mind sleeping over 
at my cabin will you?"
	Both sets of eyes on the view screen widened when they saw who it was.  
"Lord Cyraqs!" they both yelled in surprise.
	"How many times do I have to tell you not to call me that!"
	"We apologize.  It's just we haven't seen you for quite some time."  
Funahou replied finally recovering.
	"I had some...business...that needed taken care of."
	"I see.  Thank you for putting us up."
	"No trouble."
	"Think you can put one other up?"
	Cyraqs eyebrow raised slightly. "Who?"
	"ME!" another smaller view screen appeared beside them.
	"Minagi!" Sasami cried.  Cyraqs was looking back and forth between her 
and Ryouko (who had turned an interesting shade of green by this time).
	"Yeah I did that the first time too."  Asahi commented; noticing Cyraqs' 
perplexed expression.
	"So, I take it you are bringing them here?"  Washuu asked Minagi.
	"Yeah.  They were generous enough to pay for my recharging fees.  And 
since they were coming here, I figured why not?"  Also cuts down on the people 
that would have been coming with you had you taken your own ship, Washuu 
thought.
	"Oboy!  Everyone is coming here!  This is going to be so cool!" Sasami 
exclaimed in her usual bubbly manner.
	Yeah right real fun, thought Tenchi sarcastically.  He then noticed 
Cyraqs slightly worried expression.  To most it would seem it was his normal 
indeterminate, but Tenchi had gotten real good at reading him.  I will have to 
ask him.
	"Then we'll see you in a couple of days."  Funahou said.
	"See you soon!" Misaki said, voice heavy with emotion.  Both viewscreens 
disappeared.
	"So tell me about Minagi, mom."
	"Ah, that is a very interesting story." she told her son with no little 
amusement.
	
					*

	Later, after everyone else had filed out of Washuu's lab, Tenchi had 
cornered Cyraqs.  If something worried him, that was definite cause for worry 
on his part.
	"What's going on Cyraqs?"
	"Huh?" he looked up startled out of his preoccupation, "Was it that 
obvious?"
	"No.  I'm just getting better at this stuff I guess."
	Cyraqs took a deep breath before he told Tenchi.  "I had planned on 
asking you this later, but with them coming too, I'd better do it now."  
Cyraqs pulled his glasses off and looked Tenchi directly in the eyes.  He 
rarely did this and it was hard for Tenchi to keep his concentration when he 
looked at what was normally covered up (No you still don't see his eyes yet).  
In his eyes though Tenchi saw a pleading look.  "I need to ask you...can I 
bring my family here, to keep them safe."   Say huh?  "They won't be any 
trouble.  I can build on another room or something so you needn't worry about 
that.  And I can provide them their own food and stuff so that's all taken 
care of."
	"Why here?" Tenchi asked.
	He understood what Tenchi meant. "All hell is about to break loose in my 
home.  Finally.  I need to hide them for awhile.  This planet is remote, 
isolated, beautiful, in another galaxy, and has some of the most powerful 
beings in the universe here."   They both jumped a little as Ayeka and Ryouko 
(she was released after they had finished talking to the two queens) crashed 
through Washuu's lab door and were busy pulling each other's hair.  Both
looked at the camera; a yeah right expression on their faces.  "Anyway," he 
continued turning back to Tenchi, "It's only temporary; as soon as Ryuken and 
his son figure out what they are going to do they'll be leaving."
	He was deliberately leaving someone out.  "But your father will be 
coming too right?"
	"Yes."  He was dreading this next question.
	"As in YOUR father.  As in the guy who...what about..." he pointed in 
the general direction of Washuu who was cackling maniacally over her most 
recent project.
	"I understand your concern."  His eyes expressed a strange longing to 
Tenchi, something he needed to see done. "My father is dying, Tenchi.  I have 
done all I can.  I...I...want him to end his life well; meaning I want him to 
make peace with what hurt him the most."
	"The amount of destruction..."
	"I will take care of that."  The pleading look turned into almost 
begging. "Please."
	Tenchi considered it for a fraction of a millisecond.  This was 
something that had hurt Washuu too, and now he could help make an ending of 
it.  Despite everything else she was his friend.  He would do this for her.
	"When do we go?"
	"In about four days."
	"So we'll be back by Christmas Eve."
	"Without fail."

					*

	The collective cast was assembled outside of the Misaki home two days 
later, in anticipation of the arrival of Funahou, Misaki, and Minagi.
	"They've just entered the solar system."  Tenchi said suddenly.
	"Really?  Where exactly?"  Ayeka asked.
	"They've come out of hyperspace near Pluto, and...what the hell is 
that?"  He noticed a vaguely spherical shape next to where they passed.
	"Just my ship.  Don't worry about it."  Cyraqs told him placatingly.
	"Right.  They've just passed Jupiter now."
	"They're almost here!  Isn't this exciting Ryo-ohki?" Sasami asked her 
younger looking companion.
	"Mya!  Yes!"  They had really been working on her ability to talk.
	"They're at Venus now."
	Yoshou was trying to think up a good excuse for leaving the area and not 
getting anywhere.
	"They're here."  Tenchi said.  Which was obvious as a beam of light came 
down from the heavens, and congealed into three forms.
	"Minagi! Auntie Misaki! Mother!" Sasami cried as she ran toward the 
three and tried her best with her little arms to hug all three at once.  
Somehow she managed to do it.
	"Remember what happened last time Ryouko." Ayeka warned her. Then she 
too was running toward them; receiving a bonecrushing hug from Misaki.
	Fairly soon they came toward the others each receiving a one of Misaki's 
emphatic embraces, except for Drakahenn who was in his more imposing form.  
She still tried though.
	Funahou had walked a little slower and was now giving most of the rest 
her own embrace (not quite as emphatic as Misaki's, but still very warm).  She 
bowed to Asahi, Cyraqs, Nobiyuki, Washuu, and Drakhenn.  Finally she reached 
Yoshou who was a little...out of it.
	Her lips did a little upturn in amusement. "Hello my son.  I was 
expecting you to have headed for parts unknown."
	"I would never have even thought of that."  It's fortunate God doesn't 
always strike those who tell falsehoods with lightning, because if he did 
Yoshou would be a burning cinder right now.  Not that he could have anyway; 
Tenchi had already threatened sealing him up if he tried.
	"Hey come on everyone.  Let's get you inside.  There's some tea on the 
stove, and it is kind of cold out here."  The cold didn't bother Tenchi 
anymore, but it did most of the others, and he was a little worried about them 
catching a cold or something.
	For the most part the collective cast thought this to be a good idea and 
went inside.

						*

<Joy to the World-Niel Diamond>

	Tenchi could only marvel at it all.  This is what Christmas should be, 
he thought.  Cyraqs was being glomped by his newly found 'niece' while he had 
Ryouko in a headlock; Washuu was laughing with Funahou faintly.  Misaki was 
still alternating between Mihoshi, Ayeka and Sasami (and himself) when it came 
to her 'hugs'; 'course he considered them more like back breakers.  They held 
up surprisingly well, and were in fact seeming to enjoy it almost as much as 
Misaki did.  Drakhenn and Ryo-ohki were talking in a secluded corner.  Well 
Ryo-ohki was talking; more like she was trying out the many new words that 
Drakhenn was teaching her.  For some reason the dragon had taken a great 
interest in teaching her to speak; though he wondered why as the dragon never 
said anything out loud, he only spoke in that strange wordless way of his.  At 
least his bouts of teasing Ryo-ohki had slacked off since he started.  Not 
completely though.  His father was too busy taking it all in.  Tenchi couldn't 
blame him; he was in a similar state.  His grandfather had skulked off 
somewhere.  Being near his mother made him uncomfortable.  Won't do you any 
good Grandpa; she'll find you, heh.
	Yes, he thought, Christmas is definitely the time for family.
	Somewhere along the line they had dinner.  Finding out that Misaki cooks 
(and well I might add) was kind of interesting; definitely explained Sasami's 
knack for it.  They obviously kept Asahi away from the food as she liked hers 
a little...spicy (make that atomically hot).  After dinner they started up a 
game of Tekken 3 on their Playstation (tm) and were busy taking turns kicking 
each others butt.  Actually it was more like Sasami was kicking everyone 
else's butt.
	During this time Cyraqs excused himself and walked outside.  So had 
Funahou, but he knew exactly where she was.  Tenchi chuckled to himself when 
he remembered that Cyraqs had put a recorder at the Shrine.  Yes, that will be 
good theatre material.  I wonder if he'll survive this time?  He pondered all 
this while he walked outside.
	He saw Cyraqs sitting on the steps of the porch.  Figuring he needed the 
company Tenchi sat next to him.  He looked at his friend and found Cyraqs 
without his glasses again (still don't see his eyes), and on his face was a 
smile of absolute joy; a couple of tears of the same type had already traced 
their way down his face.
	"It's been awhile since I have been truly happy in anything Tenchi."  he 
turned to his student and showed him the happiness that was in his eyes, "You 
have given me the part of my family I thought I had lost back.  You have kept 
them safe when I could not." a couple more tears fell down his face.  "I thank 
you for this, and for what you are doing for the rest of my family too."
	"Hey, listen man, they're my family now too." he said a little 
embarrassed.  When this guy gets emotional, he gets EMOTIONAL.  "And I'd like to
think you're now a part of that as well."  He didn't even see Cyraqs move as he
grabbed Tenchi in a rough embrace.  Tenchi wasn't expecting this, but he managed
to awkwardly returned it.
	"If you ever need anything, Tenchi, and it is within my power, do not 
hesitate to ask."
	Tenchi pulled back and looked at him, he knew exactly what to say about 
that.  "Then don't blow it with Tsunami."
	"I love her Tenchi, and would rather be destroyed than do that."
	"I know.  Just making sure."
	"Even if she is a pain sometimes."
	"Yeah, women are kind of a pain."
	"Definitely."
	"Most definitely."
	"Absolutely true."
	"Very much so."
	"Heh."
	"Heh."
	"Ehhemm!"
	They both turned to look at the owner of the voice.  Yes, most of the 
female cast was there now.  And they were...not quite pissed.
	"Oh, shit!" they intoned together.

						*

	Funahou walked into Cyraqs cabin, very worn out form today's 
festivities.  And to think they only just started.  She did notice Cyraqs on 
one of his couches and he was watching something on a holographic screen.  She 
wondered how he had gotten a hold of what he was watching when she finally 
realized what it was.
	"What are you watching?" she asked needlessly.
	"Some highlights from this afternoon."  He turned and looked at her in 
great amusement. "I like the part where you continuously drilled him on Ayeka.  
That was truly...truly..."
	"Masterful?" she suggested.
	"That'll work.  Though I'm not sure you're being too fair about it.  After
all, if he stayed he would have had to have fought Ayeka for the throne.  I know
I couldn't do something like that, and I know he couldn't either."
	"You know nothing." she said quietly.
	"I know much more than you think.  You were bitching at him because he
worried you.  A lot.  I don't blame you, and I know he doesn't either but you 
should lay off him a little."
	She knew all he was telling her, but it still didn't change how she felt.
"I won't ask how you got a hold of that."
	"I bugged the place." he told her, "I was made aware of a fact here 
recently."
	"Oh?  What fact would that be?" They were getting into politics again, 
my territory, she thought with a strange glee.
	"You approached Washuu-chan about her technologies.  What would you have 
done had things not gone that well?"  Funahou's look left no doubt in his mind 
what she would have done. "I see." His eyes began to glow red behind his 
glasses, it almost discomfited her, almost. "Do you know what she is to me?"
	She had an educated guess.  "I would say she is either your grandmother 
or great-grandmother."  After all he did look an awful lot like her.  At least 
his hair did.
	"My mother actually."  That was surprising.  Then his eyes started 
glowing (if it could be called that) black; little flecks of light appeared in 
the strange absence of light around his eyes.  That scared her.  "If I had 
found out about that, you would not have survived long after."
	"I would gladly give my life for Jurai." And she would too.  Jurai had 
become more her home than Earth had ever been.
	"You misunderstand.  I wouldn't have stopped with you.  I would have 
killed your entire empire.  The only people that would have been left would 
have been children, commoners, and tree ships."
	"You don't have that kind of power."
	His eyebrow quirked up a little, and she began to doubt the last 
statement she had made.
	"Anyway I hope that avoids any future...unpleasantness."  So did she. 
"You ready to go to sleep yet?  You look exhausted."  His eyes quit glowing 
and he was back to his normal indeterminate self.  Well he did sound kind of 
amused now.
	"Yeah, that's what I came here for."
	"Master bedroom's that away." he pointed, "Feel free to explore the rest
of the place.  By the way; is Misaki-chan coming?"
	"As soon as she tucks her little girls in."
	"Oh." Something occurred to him then. "You know you and Misaki don't 
need to share a room.  I'm sure Minagi-chan won't mind sleeping out here on 
the couch.  If I need to I can go back to my ship."
	"That...won't be necessary." she explained.
	"Ah." He really didn't want to continue that train of thought.
	Misaki picked this time to walk into his cabin.  "Oh my girls, they are 
so cute when they sleep!  Oh hello, Cyraqs." she said when she noticed him, 
"Your mother says good night."  Guess I'll have to drop in tonight and see 
what she's working on now.  "Oh am I tired!  You?" she asked Funahou.
	"Somewhat.  Come on."  Funahou started walking toward the bedroom; 
Misaki close behind.
	"Don't make too much noise." he warned them.
	Misaki blushed a very dark shade of red before she walked in.  
Funahou threw him a smirk before she closed the door.
	"That was very uncouth of him!" Misaki exclaimed.  She yelped in 
surprise when Funahou grabbed her from behind.  "Warn me when you're going to 
do that!"
	"But it's more fun this way." She said fondling Misaki through her 
clothing.  She turned Misaki around to look at her.  Both of their eyes alight 
with a steamy passion.  "We haven't done this in awhile." Funahou said undoing 
Misaki's Kimono.
	Misaki's hands weren't idle and were busy undoing clothing of her own.  
"Well we've always been interrupted.  Pleasantly interrupted I'll grant you, 
but Azusa never gives us time to ourselves."
	"We have time now." Funahou said breathily.
	"So shut up and let's make the most of it."  With that Misaki drew 
Funahou in for a very passionate kiss.
	
						*

	Cyraqs was shaking his head in amusement as he walked out of his cabin.  
God, I hope they'll get done before Minagi goes to sleep.  Suddenly he 
realized he wasn't alone.  A very warm hand was pressed into his.  Even if she 
wasn't touching him he could still smell the scent of her energy; taste the 
aura it gave off.  Tsunami.  He looked up into the eyes of she whom he loved 
and smiled.
	"I'm a pain?" she asked in mock hurt.
	"A pain I hope I never get rid of."
	"Asshole." she laughed.  She never could stay mad at him.
	"Well I could have said something like 'Make it hurt mistress 
please...'" He was cut off when she started beaning him upside the head; he 
was laughing too hard to effectively defend himself.  Suddenly he grabbed her 
into his arms.  "Well pain or not; you're the woman I love and that makes all 
the difference."  Ending that really sappy spiel he drew her down to his 
height for a long kiss.  It only appeared that was what he was doing on the 
physical level.  In fact he was kissing her, but it was in her state of being; 
that of pure energy.  He broke off then before they went too far.  Both were a 
little disappointed, but this was understood between them too.  Last time they 
tried anything Sasami had some very strange dreams, and he really didn't want 
to do that to such a young girl.  
	If only he knew, she thought; if only.  Still, she understood where he was
coming from.  He also wanted to give Sasami the choice when she grew up.  Or to be 
more accurate the being they both would become.  But she loved him and so did 
Sasami; not like she did Tenchi there for awhile (schoolgirl crush).  Sasami 
really loved Cyraqs (which was probably the only reason Sasami did what she did for
him recently).  Wouldn't that mean that the person they became would love him too?
Even she didn't know.
	Then there was still the problem with Tokimi.  She had been...waiting.  
For what not even Cyraqs knew.  In any case, how would this situation be 
resolved?  It was quite possible none of them would survive it.
	She pushed those unpleasant thoughts out of her head as she pulled him 
in for another embrace.  She was here with him now, and that was all that 
mattered.

						*

	"Hey you think Misaki's a little pissed at Grandpa?"  Tenchi asked 
Cyraqs.
	Cyraqs pulled in a drag from his smoke, and took in the fact this was 
about the fifth time she had kicked his ass (painfully) in wooden sword fighting.
"Naa." he answered.
	Both were presently sitting down on the shrine steps; morbidly 
fascinated with what they were seeing.  You knew this would eventually happen.  
It's what you get for disappearing for 700 years, thought Cyraqs.  Finally 
Tenchi took pity on the poor man and walked out on the temple lot.
	"Mind if I try?" he asked her.
	"Sure!" she said after a minute.
	Tenchi accepted the sword from his grandfather, who was looking at him 
gratefully, and assumed a stance Cyraqs had taught him.  Funahou smiled 
faintly when she recognized it and assumed one of her own.
	"Tenchi." Cyraqs called.
	"Huh?"
	"Don't hurt her, but don't hold back too much either."
	"Hai!"  Tenchi wasn't quite sure what Cyraqs was playing at, but he knew 
him well enough to know that Cyraqs didn't usually say things like that 
without good reason.
	Tenchi gave her the first attack.  She moved a lot faster than he 
expected, but was able to parry and deliver a suitable counterstrike; also 
blocked.  She's good; damn good, he thought as they continued the match.  No 
not a match, more a dance; complex and beautiful beyond the ability to 
describe.  Finally she made a mistake, if it could even be called that.  She 
had so far managed to block or avoid his attacks, but this time, blocking 
Tenchi's sword, she had to twist her wrist, ever so slightly, to bring her 
sword around for another attack.  Tenchi saw this, and moving faster than 
anything mortal, pulled his sword around; hitting hers near the hilt.  She did 
not loose the sword, but it knocked her hand far enough back that she couldn't 
bring her sword about in enough time.  Tenchi's blade was already at her 
throat.  Just barely touching.
	"I concede." she grinned.  He pulled his blade down, but parried the 
strike she aimed at him when she thought his guard was down.  "And I see you 
have already learned that one."
	"I've had it beat into me enough times." he replied wryly.
	Then she attacked him with something he couldn't defend against.  "You 
are an incredible swordsman!  A true prince of Jurai!"  It's fortunate his 
body was a lot more durable now; otherwise he would probably have a few broken 
ribs.
	As it was he barely managed a weak reply. "Uh, yeah."
	"Tenchi.  It's almost time."  Cyraqs called.
	"Just a minute."  Somehow he managed to separate himself from Misaki.  
"I need to go now."
	"Where?"
	"Special training."  Which was kind of true, all depends on your point 
of view.
	"Well mustn't delay that then."  She turned to Cyraqs. "You'll take care 
of him right?"
	"He will be fine."  Drakhenn descended from the sky and settled himself 
on Cyraqs' shoulder, "You ready?"
	Tenchi nodded his head.
	"Then lets go."  Cyraqs concentrated and shifted his presence to his 
ship.  Tenchi remembered where he saw it and quickly followed.
	"Don't worry.  You get used to that." Yoshou told Misaki who was staring 
hard at the spot Tenchi just left.

					*

<The Cajun music>

	"Damn!  You're back.  And it was so quiet too." Ranger said.
	I'm going to shoot this thing. "Cork it.  Everything ready?"
	"Yes, Quarters have been prepared for all."
	"Very well."
	"And in case you were wondering a ship just decloaked right next to us."  
Dick head.  I wonder who...now you are the last person I want to see.
	A holoscreen appeared in front of them showing a blue haired woman.  
"This is Tsunami, requesting permission to accompany you."  Tenchi barely 
restrained himself from collapsing in laughter right there.
	"Request denied.  You don't need to be getting into this."  You're going 
to loose this one Cyraqs, Tenchi thought.
	"And so you would just cast me aside?"  That's low Tsunami.
	Cyraqs looked on the verge of absolute rage, but, after a minute (or 
three), he restrained himself.  "That's not fair Tsunami."
	"And going off into something like this without telling me is?"
	"It's a simple pickup.  I don't expect there to be any problems."  And 
if there are I don't want you getting in them.
	"I don't care.  I happen to be the most powerful ship in known space.  
If it's just a simple pickup there should be no problem, and if you do 
encounter trouble...I can help there too."  Cyraqs drummed his fingers on his 
control panel for a long time.  Just take her, thought Tenchi.  She knows we 
can take anything thrown at us.  She just wants to be with you.  And I'm 
fairly certain she can take care of herself.
	"Fine."
	"Oh good.  Then you also won't mind my passenger."
	"PASSENGER?!" they said together.
	A face appeared in front of Tsunami "Hi!"  Oh great, Minagi.
	Cyraqs didn't even want to know.  "Fine.  Does she know what we are 
getting in to?"
	"Sure.  Possible butt kicking of major Assholes.  I was getting a little 
claustrophobic at the house." she answered for Tsunami.
	"O.K.  Then prepare yourselves.  I will shift us there shortly."
	"Tsunami out." and the viewscreen went piff.
	Cyraqs shook his head and mumbled something about things that simply 
cannot be simple.
	"They'll be alright?"  Tenchi asked.
	"My people have nothing that can even touch Tsunami, and she won't let 
Minagi out of her sight.  Still a pain in the ass." he said irritably. "Tenchi."
His sudden mood shift made Tenchi pay a little closer attention.  "If things go 
bad..."
	"I'm here to help.  Don't worry about that." he interrupted.
	"Listen."  Tenchi shut up and listened. "You may have to wind up killing 
a few people.  Can you accept that?"
	"I can if it is necessary."
	Cyraqs took him at his word.  After all he had killed both Kagato and 
Yakage.  "You may also see a side of me I don't show too often.  I become 
something else, a cold blooded merciless killer, in an actual fight; can you 
accept this?"
	"I already have."
	Cyraqs smiled at him.  Tenchi still thought that was the scariest thing 
he had ever seen.  "Then let's go."
	Both ships vanished; leaving nothing to mark their passing.

						*

<JukeJointJezebel-KMFDM>

	They reappeared in the middle of a cluster of strange ships that 
surrounded a beautiful class M world.
	"FUCK ME!" cursed the Ranger as it took evasive action.  Reason for 
evasive action:  Massive weapons power locked onto the ship.  Then he 
remembered he was almost invulnerable and had access to the crystal shard as a 
shield if necessary.  So Ranger stopped and let them shoot at him for all the 
effect it had.  Tsunami for her part was encased in the light hawk wings.  
Neither ship had taken any offensive action.
	"You said it Ranger.  Take care of these guys, protect any of my ships.  
Me, Tenchi, and Drakhenn are going down.  Send a shuttle when the area is 
clear."  Should have scanned the place first.  Didn't expect them to react 
this quickly.
	"No problem." he said; all trace of being a smartass gone for now.
	A holoscreen appeared "I'm coming too."
	"No Minagi.  Stay here.  Tsunami..."
	"We all must make our own destiny."  Tsunami cut him off.
	"Don't quote scriptures to a priest." Cyraqs paused for a moment. "Fine.  
Just don't get yourself killed.  Prepare for transport."  He didn't even 
bother to wait for a response before he shifted the group to the surface.
	On the surface (actually within the fortress in the mountains) they 
found people milling all over the place in the hangar bay.  Cyraqs made a 
beeline for the person who was directing this mass chaos.
	"What's going on?" he asked loudly as he approached.
	"Lord Cyraqs!" Cyraqs glared at him, "Sorry.  The Gesus were waiting for 
your brother to step down and put the Vordue's in place as ruling family of 
the empire."  How the fuck did they know?  Doesn't matter now.  "So far we've 
managed to get most of our transports out of here.  Our starforce is almost 
completely destroyed though."
	"Damnit!" he cursed, "Well my ship and another are out there now.  Have 
we been invaded yet?"
	"Yes, but they..." a massive explosion in the west wall cut him off, and 
heavily armed squads of men poured through the opening.  "Make that just got 
to this point.  Squadron three to west end of the..."  Cyraqs raised his hand 
and a beam of light shot forth obliterating most of the men that poured 
through the whole.  It also sealed the hole preventing further entry.
	"My family?" Cyraqs asked.
	To the commander's credit he gave no indication of surprise or shock at 
the display of power he witnessed before he gave his report.  "Your father 
went with your brother and nephew to get out a group of our people that had 
been pinned down when the attacking force landed.  Chisa and the old mother 
were among them."
	"Christ!" (no I don't know why) "He's not well and he does shit like 
this!" he turned back to the commander, "Continue the evac Gowron.  You know 
where to go." he grinned a little, "Have a good life."
	"You too sir.  Hope to see you again sometime."  Cyraqs continued on 
through the base the other three close behind.
	Cyraqs led them down corridor after corridor, occasionally stopping to 
take out an attack squad or help a group of his people through the 
passageways.  They quickly lost Drakhenn and Minagi who had fallen back to 
protect a massive influx of evacuees from the invading force.  Cyraqs had 
tried to go with them, but were staved off with a massive "Find your family!  
We can take care of this!"  from Minagi as they continued fighting their way 
out.
	Tenchi had never been in a war before, but he knew that this is what 
this was.  He and Cyraqs ran down the corridors of this place wasting everyone 
who wasn't part of the K'thardin retinue.  Tenchi remembered the faces of 
everyone he was forced to kill, and he killed a lot; just as Cyraqs warned him 
he might have to if shit turned bad.  Well it don't get much worse, he 
thought grimly as he put his light-hawk sword through another soldier.
	Finally they rounded a corridor where they found two men holding a 
psychokinetic barrier of incredible power against a three pronged assault in 
the middle of a large amphitheater.  Inside the barrier were around a hundred 
women and children.  As powerful as the shield was, it was failing before the 
combined psychokinetic onslaught of the attacking forces.
	Somewhere along the line Tenchi and Cyraqs had lapsed into a kind of 
gestalt mindset; neither needing to speak before action was taken.  Both 
working as one.  He would find out later they all did this when it was 
necessary for them to act in conjunction with one another.
	So, quickly, it was decided that they needed to take out the attacking 
force with as little power as possible to prevent a possible backlash; killing 
those in the field.  The two leapt into action cutting a swath of destruction 
(Ever seen a fighting staff cut?  Imagine it's doing it now.) through the 
ranks of the men.  They were outnumbered about 150 to one.  The attackers 
stood their ground, staunchly, bravely, against the two who challenged them; 
they never stood a chance.  They moved too fast; faster than light; most were 
already dead before they even realized that one of them had come near.  It was 
over almost as quickly as it had begun.
	Without pause the two walked toward the barrier, which opened to accept 
them.
	"Hey Ryuken, how we doing?" he addressed the very tall (about 6'8") man 
with long black hair that had three streaks of white running through it and 
purple within purple eyes.
	"About the same as always." he answered in a raspy almost tortured 
voice.
	"That bad, huh?" (sorry, watching Jedi), "Where's Ymir?"  (And I bet you 
thought I was going to name him Kenshiro.)
	"He took off with Chisa and the old mother to find part of the group 
that had gotten separated from us.  Two strange warriors that had come to aid 
us accompanied him."
	Strange warriors?  "One female with Spiky Cyan hair?  And the other 
looks like some kind of weird Dragon?" Tenchi asked.
	"That's them."
	How the hell...never mind.  "Cyraqs I'll get these guys to the hangar
bay.  You.."
	"Already on it." Cyraqs said as he started running.
	There was an older man there as well.  He was the other one who had set 
up the shield.  One look at him was enough to tell Tenchi this must be Hayes 
K'thardin.  He had white hair and beard, not like Cyraqs'; this white was the 
stringy faded kind of white.  His purple within purple eyes were pretty bad as 
they were sunk deeply into his wasted face.  The rest of him was pretty beat 
down too, but still he retained traces of what Tenchi could tell had once been 
incredible strength.  And it was also obvious that putting up that barrier had 
greatly taxed what was left of that strength.
	Ryuken saw this too and was at his father's side before he collapsed to 
the ground.
	"Can he make it?" Tenchi asked.
	"No choice."
	"Right.  HOLD ON EVERYONE!" he shouted.  He concentrated and shifted the 
entire group to the hanger.

						*

<Enter Sandman-Metallica>

	Cyraqs came upon them pretty quickly.  They were backed into a room that 
had a partially collapsed roof and his niece and nephew were fighting back to 
back, Minagi with her powerful energy sword, Ymir with his bare hands, against 
the soldiers that were streaming toward them.  It was obvious they could hold 
their own against the attackers, but were having a tough time protecting the 
others they had behind them.  Drakhenn was nowhere to be seen.
	Cyraqs ended the battle in seconds.  He took their condition in quickly.  
They sported various cuts and torn clothing, but nothing major.  "Where's 
Drakhenn?" he asked them.
	"He went off that away to try to get out the rest of the others and 
buy time for us to escape."  Minagi told him.
	"I'm on it.  Protect them until Tenchi gets here."
	"Will do." Ymir acknowledged.
	Cyraqs ran down the corridor toward where he still heard fighting.  Once 
he turned the corner he found a lot of dead Gesu soldiers, and Drakhenn 
fighting a someone who was obviously a lot better than any of the regular 
soldiers here.  The lord of the Gesu, he thought in rage.  He was about to 
intervene, but then he watched Drakhenn finally finished him with a swipe of 
his atomically sharp wing tips across the chest.
	"Good job!"  he looked around a bit. "Where's the others?"
	Drakhenn said nothing, but squeezed his black eyes shut and turned his 
head toward the pile of rubble behind him.
	And Cyraqs looked too; he looked in a way only beings like him can, and 
what he saw; nearly broke him.
	Slowly he walked to the rubble and lifted two female bodies out of it, 
and the bodies of the children they were vainly trying to protect.
	Drakhenn told him in his despair that he couldn't get here in time.
	Neither noticed the lord, not quite dead, had pulled a device from his 
belt and thumbed it once.  And with that act, died.
	"Cyraqs; I've gotten everyone out of here." Tenchi said stepping out of 
nothing. "Now we must leave too."
	"Give me a minute." he said quietly.
	Suddenly something didn't feel right to Tenchi.  He looked up and out 
into space and saw something come out of Hyperspace; it fired a beam of pure 
power at the planet.  Tenchi's eyes widened.  "Oh Shi..." and it hit.
	
						*

	Tsunami had been having a very rough time out there.  She herself was in 
no danger, but she was hard pressed to protect every transport that lifted off 
from the planet as they had no such means.  Because without their starforce 
for escorts they were sitting ducks for the Gesu warships.  It was fortunate 
that Ranger was able to help as she didn't think she could do it alone.
	The last of the transports finally entered hyperspace, leaving the 
Ranger and her to concentrate on the attacking ships.  She was pissed enough 
at them, for attacking completely helpless targets for no good reason, to 
slaughter them all.  And she proceeded to do just that.
	She suddenly felt a disturbance in the fabric of space.  Good, she 
thought, more for me.  Then she saw a massive ship appear and, before either 
she or Ranger could react, fire a beam of energy at the planet.
	Oh Great Father, NO!  But she couldn't grasp the energies or block them in
time before the beam struck the planet.

	<It's the End of the World as We Know It-REM> (had to throw this one in 
here)

	In horror she watched the planet come undone; knowing that even if she 
reconstructed it; the lives still down there were already lost.  Suddenly the 
planet's explosion stopped and a strange energy surrounded it.
	Looking with the eyes of a goddess she saw the remaining living people 
encased in what was Cyraqs' trade mark power; the Crystal Shard.  Searching; 
she saw Tenchi in full battle armor protecting himself and Drakhenn too, in a 
bubble of pure light hawk force.
	Then she saw Cyraqs and he...he...

	<Blinded By the Light-Manfried Mann>
	
	He was doing something she had only seen once before.  He was employing 
his full power, and the energies he was employing, the same energies that 
could turn this universe into rubble, quite literally was making him glow with 
an intensity many times that of a star.
	The figure of power spoke.  And despite the vacuum of space, all heard.
	<THE K'THARDIN'S ARE NO MORE.  THIS PLANET AGAIN BELONGS SOLEY TO THE
DENEIGN WARRIOR PRIESTS.  YOU WILL LEAVE MY WORLD AND TROUBLE THE DENEIGN
PRIESTS NO MORE.  SO I SAY IT.>
	You think they left?  You fucking bet they did!
	"Heh.  And they'll stay gone too.  Our people are nothing if not a little
religious, and having a 'god' tell them to do something...well they won't be
back."  Ryuken comented.
	Slowly the planet reformed itself as it was.  The Deneigns were returned 
to their home.  All was well there now, and would remain so for many millennia 
afterward.
	Tenchi, Drakhenn, and Cyraqs appeared on the bridge of the Ranger to be 
greeted by Tsunami, Ryuken, Ymir, and Minagi.
	Tsunami slowly walked toward Cyraqs knowing he needed something; 
something only she could give him now.  As she neared he reached out and 
traced the outline of her face with his fingertips.  Coming very close to each 
other they embraced.
	Ryuken smiled, and finally laughed; a laugh of pure wonder and happiness 
as he witnessed this most wonderful miracle in a day of miracles.  "Who says 
there is no God?  Fucking A man," he laughed, "Fucking A!"

						*

<Black-Pearl Jam>

	A bottle of Sake was opened late in the night.  The bottle was also 
quickly drained before a hand reached over and typed a sequence on the keys of 
a holographic terminal.
	A viewscreen popped up and on it was displayed a figure of a man that 
would have awed the god of thunder; just in the sheer power he exuded even on 
a recording.  This feeling of power was in no way diminished by the grief-
ravaged expression on his face.
	It began with him removing a ring from his finger and placing it on the 
desk in front of him.  It was done in such a way as to make sure whoever was 
supposed to be the recipient of this recording knew this was a deliberate act.
	Finally the man spoke.  "My love, my wife; though I can call you that no 
longer; I must go."  he took a deep breath before continuing, 
"Circumstances...have...forced...me to break all ties here and return home."  
Suddenly he brought his hand down on the desk; shattering it. "I've tried 
every way I can think of to keep us together!  But those bastards won't allow 
it!"  he yelled in rage.  His eyes shut tight and his voice grew into almost a 
whisper. "And I cannot allow them to try to hurt you."  He opened his purple 
within purple eyes and continued. "So I must leave.  If you bear any love for 
me; I beg you, do not follow."  He paused for a long moment before he 
continued. "And I must take our son too.  He is of my blood and would be a 
danger to you if he stayed with you.  If he stays with me I can protect him 
against my family."  He smiled a little then.  "When he is old enough, I will 
tell him everything about the most wonderful woman in the universe who is his 
mother."  Tears that could no longer be contained streamed down his face in a 
flood. "I wish...I wish..."  He raised his hand; obviously cutting off the 
recording.
	The bottle of Sake was drained, and another quickly appeared to take 
it's place.  Washuu grasped the bottle and drained it very quickly.
	"Happy anniversary." she said to the man in the recording.  Though the 
year displayed on the recording would mean nothing to most people; the date, 
when translated, would.  That date was December 23.

						*

	"How is he?" Ymir asked Cyraqs.
	Cyraqs turned from his vigil over his father and looked at his nephew 
gravely.  "I doubt he will last much longer than a week.  Maybe two."  He 
turned back to his father.  "All we can do is make him comfortable.  He should 
regain consciousness before we get to Earth.  I wish he were stronger so I 
could just shift us there, but he would not survive the shock."
	"You said it'll be about a day before we get there.  You and father 
should take this time for...what needs done."  Cyraqs looked about ready to 
protest, but he was cut off. "I will watch grandfather.  Go."
	Cyraqs shook his head and walked in the direction he felt his brother to 
be in.  Minagi walked past him on her way into the room.
	She said nothing, but sat down beside Ymir as he continued to watch his 
grandfather.  Finally she did speak, and when she did it was only a simple 
question.
	"Why?" she asked.
	"Broken heart.  The most deadly blow of all."
	"I wish I could do something for him." She rubbed away a few tears.
	"So do I."  He turned to look at her with his purple within purple eyes 
in curiosity. "Cyraqs told me we were sort of related.  Can you explain?"
	"Sure." she replied warmly.

						*

	Cyraqs found his brother flipping through his collection of music at the 
bridge of the Ranger.  He settled on a selection entitled 'No Cure for Cancer' 
by a cynical Terran comedian called Dennis Leary.  Cyraqs walked up and sat 
down in the chair beside his brother as they continued to listen to him harp 
on the many subjects that pissed him off.
	"It's funny how some things seem to be universal." Ryuken stated as 
Leary was in the middle of his spiel on drugs.
	"Yeah, that's what attracted me to this guy."
	"Where'd you get it?"
	"The scientist at the place where I'm at was playing it, and I asked if 
she could make me a copy."  Cyraqs answered.
	"Ah."  They stayed silent for awhile occasionally chuckling at something 
he said.  "So where are we headed?"  Ryuken asked finally.
	"A planet called Earth."
	"What's there?"
	"Things that are simple."
	"Spill it.  You're not saying something about this place."
	Cyraqs smiled faintly.  He always did know me too well.  "Ever hear of a 
lady named Washuu Hakubi?"
	At first Ryuken couldn't place the name.  Then it clicked and his eyes 
widened when he realized the implications.  Suddenly he was out of his seat 
and staring at the smaller man.  "ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR FUCKING MIND?!" he 
yelled just inches from his brother's face.
	Cyraqs just looked at him; not speaking.  All that needed said was 
conveyed in his gaze.
	"You're probably right." Ryuken shook his head in exasperation. "Right 
or wrong; this ends.  May God have mercy on us all."	
	Cyraqs only wordlessly agreed with that last statement.  This last 
little bit ends, and may God have mercy on us all.

						*

	Tenchi was sitting in the room that was to be his for the duration of 
the flight home.  Shaking bad.
	I killed 193 people today.  193!  And now, thanks to my now perfect 
memory I can remember how each and every one of them looked before they died.  
And I always will.  What kind of monster have I become?	
	He felt strong arms reach around him and hold him tightly.  My son, she 
thought, you are too compationtate for your own good.  I wish I could take
your pain.
	"You did what was necessary.  You saved a lot of people today."
	"But I killed 193 people to do it Tsunami!" he yelled in despair.
	She laid her cheek on his head.  "And if you hadn't, many innocents 
would have died."
	"I've killed before." he continued on not seeming to hear her,  "But 
this time it wasn't like it was with Kagato who would have destroyed my world, 
or with Yakage who was settling a matter of honor, or even when I helped kill 
Kane, who would have destroyed everything.  This was just me killing men who 
were following orders."
	Suddenly her arms grew taught around him, and anger was evident in her 
voice when she replied again.  "No one 'just follows orders.'  Everyone must 
choose to follow those orders, and that makes them just as responsible as 
those who give them.  They chose to pin down those children and teachers in 
the school; thinking it would lure out the heads of the family so they could 
destroy them for putting such a hated family as head of the empire.  Their 
lives meant nothing to those people.  They were only a means to an end, and 
once that end was accomplished, they would have been discarded."  He knew what 
she meant by discarded, but even so, he was brought up to respect life.  Today 
he had almost casually destroyed it.
	"Tenchi," her voice had grown soft again, "Don't ever loose your dislike 
of killing.  Or you may turn out to be just like the people you had to destroy 
today."
	"Are you saying I may have to do this again?" he asked as he turned to 
look in her eyes.
	She looked back at him in both sadness and regret. "Tenchi, there are 
those in the universe who care nothing for others, only furthering their own 
ambition; hurting others in the process.  So long as those people exist there 
must exist those to stop them."  He could understand the wisdom of her words.  
This is why I was given the power.  But it didn't make it any easier.
	"No it's not easy.  Nor must it ever become so." she said; correctly 
interpreting his thoughts. "But it doesn't mean you have to bear the pain 
alone either."  He knew what she was offering and he...he couldn't control 
himself any longer.  He finally collapsed in tears in her arms.  For a long 
time he poured out his grief, his disgust, his horror at what he had done, and 
she was there accepting it all; without any reservation.   After a time he 
passed out; exhausted by his ordeal.
	"Will he be alright?"  Cyraqs asked as he walked into the room.
	She looked up from the man in her arms, eyes sad as she looked at her 
love.  "It may take awhile, but yes, he'll be fine."  Sadness changed to 
concern as she continued looking at him.  "Will you?"
	"I will never be completely alright."  You won't will you; no matter 
what I do.  Just below the surface of his consciousness, she knew that he 
fought a constant struggle against the madness that his life had caused to 
become part of him.  And though it was muted now, especially in her presence, 
it was still there, and would always be.  It's why he had done some really 
screwed up things to himself in the past, and it caused her massive pain when 
he did.
	He walked over and sat down beside her as she held her finest creation.  
He looked into her eyes and asked her the same question.  Because as he had 
his pain; he knew she had hers.  It was only here recently he had finally 
discovered the reason for her fear and sadness, though he had been there for 
her as much as he could when it became especially bad.  It won't happen 
Tsunami.  I swear it!

						*

	Drakhenn was skulking through the corridors of the ranger, just 
wandering; not really caring where he was going.  Cyraqs had saved his family 
and most of his people.  Part of those who were responsible for this shit were 
dealt with today.  And presently the families of the Tetranian Empire were 
slaughtering each other in a civil war, because the Vordues were hated by all 
in a way that was impossible to describe.  But with the resources as the Head 
of the empire, as well as some families that feared them enough to put aside 
their hate and join them against those that were now going up against them, it 
was going to be a war that would destroy the entire ruling body.  The 
K'thardin's were targeted immediately in retaliation.  Now they were thought 
to be dead.  All in all he considered a pretty good day, despite his failure.  
That hurt; he knew those people, but he had avenged their deaths; honor was 
satisfied, and the people responsible would never do that again.  He hoped 
they could rest easier now.  He wished he could have done more, but he knew 
that Chisa and the old mother would not want any of them to dwell on what was 
beyond all their control.  Still...
	He sighed miserably as he continued to wander the halls of Ranger.
	"So what are you going to do now?"  The voice belonged to Minagi.  
Rounding the corner he came to the room where he saw Minagi and Ymir talking 
as they continued to watch the sleeping form of Hayes.
	"I don't know really.  For now I figure I will stay with my father and 
uncle.  Maybe rest for awhile on the world of Earth.  After that I'm not 
sure."
	Drakhenn saw her quirk up a little grin.  "Well how about coming with 
me?"
	"Become a space pirate?" he asked a little amused.
	"Sure.  I only go for bad targets, if that's what you are worried about.  
Besides it gets lonely up there, and it would be nice to have some company for 
a change."
	Drakhenn continued on, smiling faintly; at least smiling in his way.  
Soon he came by the door where Tenchi was being held by Tsunami, and Tsunami 
by Cyraqs.  He had been kind of worried about the kid, but today he had proved 
himself in Drakhenn's eyes.  And this only reinforced his budding respect for 
Tenchi.  A warrior is no warrior who loves the death he causes; was something 
he knew to be a truth.  He had seen many that had begun to love what they did 
and the monsters they became when that happened.  The proverb was ended with 
the phrase: 'For a warrior is only kills to protect that which is most 
important.'  And what was important?  Drakhenn was looking at an expression of 
it now.
	Drakhenn felt a presence approach him from behind.  
	"Want to go have something to drink?" Ryuken asked.
	Drakhenn shrugged and resumed his more imposing form (Ryuken was still a 
little surprised that the warrior who had come to aid them was his brother's 
companion the last couple of thousand years), and walked with Ryuken as they 
went to the replicator to get something with a little alcohol in it.  After 
all, Drakhenn thought, it's really fucked up to have to drink alone when 
you're in this kind of mood.

						*

	It was a solemn group that returned to earth in a shuttlecraft early 
evening on December 24th.  Minagi and Tsunami had immediately went to the 
house.
	Tenchi, Cyraqs, Ryuken, and Ymir were heading to the Misaki shrine with 
Hayes who was being supported by Cyraqs.  Hayes had expressed a desire to be 
in a holy place this night to give thanks and prepare for his coming end.  
They could not deny this man this; so they had readily agreed.
	"You know I could have landed the shuttle closer, father." Cyraqs said.
	"No.  I must do this.  I must enter it with respect and reverence 
despite my condition.  Such things must be done this way." Hayes replied 
wearily.
	"As you will."
	So the group slowly trekked up the stairs, pausing occasionally to allow 
Hayes K'thardin to rest.  Finally they crested the last stairs; ending what 
seemed to Cyraqs to be the longest trek of his life.  They proceeded on to the 
shrine, but before reaching it Hayes pushed away from Cyraqs and knelt in 
front of the shrine, hands clasped together in prayer, and waited for the 
invitation to enter.  You see Hayes is a lot of things, and one of them is a 
very holy man.  He would have to be to endure some of the things he has had to 
do over the many millennia.
	Precisely five minutes later the shrine doors opened; Yoshou looked at 
the group assembled and especially the man who was kneeling at the steps of 
the shrine.
	"Please rise, and tell me what needs you have." Yoshou commanded.
	Hayes did as he was bid, surprisingly without help. "Honored priest, I 
have come to your shrine to give thanks for a great blessing that was given me 
and my family yesterday.  I have also come to receive final rites as my time 
is nearly up."
	"Please enter this holy place so we may begin."  he said without 
hesitation.  He looked at the rest of the entourage.  "All of you come.  Enter 
this place."  All filed in at his invitation.
	The ceremonies were very simple as they involved prayer and meditation 
while the priest invoked the blessings, but they were time consuming as they 
would last all night.
	After making sure all needs were met; Tenchi, Cyraqs, Ryuken, and Ymir 
started to leave, giving them the privacy necessary for the rites.
	Before he left his kneeling father gripped Cyraqs on the arm.  He looked 
at Hayes questioningly.  "Know this." Hayes told him, "Your name is Cyraqs 
K'thardin.  Let no one tell you otherwise."
	Cyraqs bowed his head unable to say anything.  His father had openly 
acknowledged him.  Something he could not do before; even though he always 
knew his father considered him his son.  He settled for looking at his father; 
gratitude and love in his eyes.  The very same thing that was mirrored in 
Hayes' eyes.
	With that he left with the others and began the trek back to the house.  
Either Tenchi or Cyraqs could have teleported them there, but for some reason 
that just didn't seem appropriate tonight.

					*

	"Hey everyone; what's up?"  Tenchi asked as he walked into the Den.  It 
seemed to him they were still playing that same game of Tekken 3 that they had 
been playing for the past few nights.  C'mon! he thought,  That game isn't 
that good.
	They all received various hi's and hello's from those in the room.  
Except for Ryouko and Ayeka who were looking at Tenchi speculatively.
	They both noticed a strange gravity to his face, a kind of hardening 
they had never seen before.  Whatever this 'special training' had entailed it 
had obviously changed something very fundamental about him.  They both looked 
at each other in silent communication; both agreeing they weren't sure they 
liked what they were seeing.
	Together they stepped forward, but it was Ryouko who spoke first.  "Are 
you...alright Tenchi?"
	He noticed her concerned tone; as well as Ayeka's very concerned look.  
He really didn't want them worrying about him.  So he mustered up the best 
smile he could manage and tried to give them a reply that would put their 
minds at ease.
	"I'm fine.  I was just shown a few things about myself that is going to 
take me awhile to get used to is all."  Which was true as far as it went.
	Ryouko didn't buy it and neither did Ayeka, but whatever it was it was 
obvious they weren't going to get much more out of him.  Instead Ryouko asked 
about the two strangers behind him.
	"Oh, this is Raytheon and his son Ydin." Cyraqs answered for him.  
Tenchi barely restrained a facefall.  "These are old friends of mine. We met 
them on our training expedition and I invited them over for awhile.  Don't 
worry they'll be going back to my ship for tonight."  he said noticing 
Nobiyuki's slightly worried expression.
	Then they went through the long and involved process of introducing them 
to the various assembled.  It all went without incident until 'Raytheon' came 
to Mihoshi.
	Oh wow! was all he could think when he saw this gorgeous blond in front 
of him.  She has the brightest blue eyes and the tannest...no that's actually 
a light fur covering!  And her slight fangs are soooo cute!  He was having 
some problems obviously.
	"And this is Mihoshi...Raytheon." Tenchi said introducing the two.
	Mihoshi extended her hand, which 'Raytheon' took.  "It is truly and 
honor to meet one as lovely as you." and he kissed that hand.  
	Mihoshi could barely talk at being the object of this very tall hansom 
mans flattery.  Still she managed a slight blush and a giggle in 
embarrassment.
	There is something not right about the way she was acting; Ryuken 
thought.  I must ask Tenchi or Cyraqs later about it.  He shrugged that off 
and reluctantly moved on to the next person in the line of introductions.
	"Well I would introduce you to Sasami and Misaki, but they don't seem to 
be here." Tenchi said looking around.
	"They're in the kitchen if you want to do that Tenchi." Funahou told 
them.
	Tenchi looked at Ymir and Ryuken; both shrugged and followed Tenchi to 
the kitchen.
	Throughout this Ryouko had been watching the two of them speculatively.  
Finally it dawned on her as to what it was that tickled the back of her mind.  
Making a sign that only Cyraqs could see she expressed her desire to talk to him 
outside.  Nodding slightly he followed her.
	"Are those..." she began almost before the door closed.
	"Yes."
	"And does that mean..."
	"Yes."
	"Where..."
	"At the shrine."
	It took her a minute to absorb this and consider all of the 
ramifications.  What could happen here now would make the fight they had with 
Kane look like something as simple as a skirmish between three-year-olds.  It 
was fortunate her mother was down in her lab now or she might have recognized 
them too.
	"ARE YOU NUTS?!  What about..."
	"I will deal with it." he told her.
	It was useless, she decided, to scream over what had already been done.  
Now was the time for planning how best to go about this (to minimize the loss 
of life if nothing else).
	"How are you planning to do this?"
	He considered it. "I'm not sure." he answered after a moment.
	After she picked herself up from the ground she made a suggestion.  
"Then if you are going to do it; lets do it as far away from the house as we 
can."
	"I agree, but let's go back inside before the others start to wonder."
	"Fine.  I hope you figure something out before they meet accidentally."  
So did he.

					*

	Tenchi walked into the kitchen and stopped dead at what he saw.  Then he 
stated rubbing his eyes as a headache suddenly overtook him.  The other two 
were in a similar state.
	Man, Tenchi thought, that is scary!
	He was presently staring at Misaki, Sasami, AND Tsunami.  They were in 
the kitchen making dinner.  It was hard, very hard to differentiate between 
the three.  There was enough there to tell the difference (especially in 
Sasami's case), but the similarity's were enough to cause major eyestrain.
	"Hello!" he announced as soon as he recovered.  Almost before he 
finished Sasami had thrown herself into Tenchi's arms.  Quickly followed by 
Misaki who crushed the both of them in a hug of her own.
	"Well guys," he started after he managed to separate himself and Sasami 
from Misaki, "The little one here is Sasami.  Sasami Ydin; and Raytheon." Both 
shook her hand though Sasami was kind of wondering why 'Ydin' looked a lot 
like Kenshiro of the North Star (had to do it, heh).
	"Wow!  You going to stay for dinner and Christmas and stuff?" 'Raytheon' 
nodded his head.
	"Hey, we got enough for everyone?" Tenchi asked curiously.
	"Yep.  Cyraqs got us a whole lot of food before him, you, and Minagi 
left."
	He nodded his head, "Well O.K.  Anyway you two this is Misaki."
	Should have warned them, Tenchi thought.  They weren't prepared for her 
greeting.  Probably a good thing they were made to take worse punishment, 
though Ymir was hard pressed to remember when he was last crushed this bad.
	Ryuken didn't mind all that much; as he was about twice her mass.  Still 
even he felt the effects.  Damn is she strong!
	"I am very pleased to meet you Misaki Jurai." he managed to get out.
	"Are you alright?" Misaki asked; highly concerned.
	Huh?
	"Your voice; it sounds like you're having a hard time talking."
	"Oh," he shrugged, "I was just injured a long time ago.  It's my natural 
voice now."
	"Oh I am so sorry!" she hugged him twice as tight then.
	"No...problem...nothing...to...worry...about." he said through gritted 
teeth.
	They managed to get them all separated (especially seeing as how Sasami 
was shooing them out of the kitchen so they could work) and got them away from 
Misaki.
	"That, " commented Ryuken as he walked out of the kitchen (he had to 
duck through the doorway); "was hard on the eyes."
	"Not to mention the ribs." Ymir finished; rubbing his chest.
	"You guys have no idea." Tenchi told them.

						*

	It snowed on this Christmas day.  Little flakes that trailed down from 
the sky; in the early a.m. of the morning.  Beautiful were they reflecting the 
light of the moon as the sun had not woken from her slumber.
	At least that's what Cyraqs thought as he stared out into the sky.
	The others had woken (or been woken by an emphatic Ryo-ohki Sasami, and 
Asahi) and were busily exchanging and opening presents.
	Somewhere along the line Nobiyuki had nailed up mistletoe all over the 
house (not helped by Cyraqs; nope; uh, uh), and had caught a few of them by 
surprise.  Especially when the tradition was explained to them.
	'Course it was at that time Tenchi had looked up and noticed that he was 
directly under some; and Ayeka and Ryouko were with him.  Can we say a little 
uncomfortable?  Well he got through it pretty well and even managed to enjoy 
it.
	Somehow Sasami had maneuvered Cyraqs under some and gotten a kiss of her 
own (causing gales of laughter from those assembled).
	Nobiyuki was busy filming it all.  Even managed to get a kiss from 
Washuu; who was taking time out from her scientific research to spend 
Christmas with them.
	Eventually she excused herself from the assembled to head back down to 
her lab.
	I think it's time to go get my father and Katsuhito from the shrine now; 
Cyraqs thought.  Mom will be in her lab the entire day and he would really 
love to see this.
	So excusing himself he went to do just that.
	Appearing before the shrine he assumed a stance of prayer and waited to 
be acknowledged.  He did not have long to wait.
	The door opened to reveal Yoshou and Hayes; whom he was supporting.  
Cyraqs took a good look at his father, and saw that the time spent there had 
been well worth it.  He wasn't any less weak, but he was more at peace.  
Cyraqs would take what blessings he could get when they concerned his father.
	"The family is waiting." he said simply.
	"Then let us go to them." Yoshou answered.
	"I'll shift..."
	"No." Yoshou and Cyraqs looked at Hayes in surprise. "Let us walk 
instead.  This day is special, and the way it was should be remembered."
	Cyraqs nodded his head.  Getting maudlin already father?  Don't blame 
you.  "Alright."
	So the three of them walked to the house through the falling snow.  
Hayes had somehow regained a lot of his strength that night and was able to 
continue, with help, without resting.
	Soon they came to the entrance to the house, but before they could 
continue; Hayes pushed away from his son and bowed to the two guardians.
	"Noble and Loyal guardians.  I humbly ask to be allowed to continue on 
into the home which you so steadfastly protect."
	"You are welcome to enter this place."  Azaka said.
	"Yes, please enter." Kamidake told him.
	The three of them continued on toward the house.
	"Lord Cyraqs did the same thing the first time he came here."  Kamidake 
stated, "I wonder why?"
	"They are priests from what I understand.  And to enter without being 
invited would be considered a major insult to them." Azaka replied.
	"Oh."

						*

	They were almost at the house when Cyraqs received a telepathic 
communication from Tenchi.
	<You may want to use the kitchen door.>
	<Why?>  Cyraqs asked.
	<Washuu came out of her lab again.> Cyraqs cursed, <Don't worry, she's 
just moving her gifts into her lab.  She'll be gone in a moment.  Just don't 
come in through the front door.>
	<Gotcha.>  He turned to Yoshou, "We need to go through the kitchen 
door."
	"Why?"
	"Lots of people at the front.  May be somewhat DEADLY to push through 
all of them there."
	Yes, he caught that one.  And quickly nodded his head in agreement.

						*

	Washuu was almost done moving everything into her lab.  This was a fun 
holiday, but she really needed to get back to stabilizing the gravimetric flux 
of the power supply to her quasi-reality distortion cannon.  Similar to the 
ultimate nullifier her son had shown her, but in this case you just point and 
fire.  It would nullify anything it touched within a specified destruction 
radius.  In English: point, fire and it wastes about a planet-sized amount of 
matter on the target; it was of course adjustable.  Cool huh?
	"Hey Washuu could you come watch this for me?  I need to go to the 
bathroom."  Sasami called from the kitchen.
	"No problem."  She threw the items in her lab; they could be picked up 
later.
	Washuu proceeded into the kitchen.
	Just as Cyraqs, Yoshou, and Hayes walked in.
	(Authors Note:  Like you couldn't see this one coming from a mile away, 
right?)
	Everyone stood stock still for a good ten minutes.  During that time a 
few others had shown up.  Tenchi for starters when he heard Sasami.  The rest 
quickly followed.  The ones that knew were doing the OH MY GOD!  WE ARE ALL 
GOING TO FUCKING DIE!  The ones that didn't; well, they felt something really 
wrong.  The two other K'thardin's picked this time to show up, as they stayed 
on the ship for the night.  They too, stood in frozen shock when they saw the 
scene before them.
	Somehow Cyraqs remembered to will the stove off.
	Hayes pushed both Yoshou and Cyraqs away and took a halting step away 
from them.
	Washuu was absolutely colorless.
	Yoshou and Cyraqs slowly backed out of the kitchen door.
	At first he thought he might be seeing things considering the date.  But 
no, she was real.  She had changed since he had last seen her.  She no longer 
had her puppets.  She had assumed the guise of a small child.
	At first she thought she might be seeing things considering  the date.  
But no, he was real.  He had changed a lot since she had last seen him.  He 
looked old, wasted, and filled with sorrow.  Almost dead.
	They continued looking at each other for a good twenty-three minutes and 
fifty-three seconds more (Ryuken was timing them mind you.  He really didn't 
expect to survive much longer after), before the tension building in the room 
finally snapped.
	And when it snapped it was truly awesome to behold!
	Washuu launched herself at Hayes in RAGE!  I'm talking the kind of rage 
only reserved for quite possibly God himself.  Then she struck him with a 
force that could have shattered a mountain the size of Everest; possibly 
larger.
	And he took it.  He TOOK IT!
	"BASTARD!" She cried unleashing another blow.
	He withstood it.
	"GODDAMN FUCKING..." She couldn't finish; striking him again.
	Unmovable he stood there and absorbed what she threw at him.
	She degenerated into snarling uncontrollably striking him again and 
again.  He absorbed it.  Her blows did not weaken him.  Cyraqs saw this; every 
punch she threw, every obscenity; he took.  And rather than kill him; every 
one made him stronger.  He watched his father almost miraculously recover the 
soul he had lost those many millennia ago.  Everything she did; only served to 
make him stronger still.  Cyraqs couldn't believe what he was witnessing.  Nor
could the others assembled.
	It took her about half an hour to quit raining the ultimate destruction 
blows upon him.  Now she was just hitting as fast as she could the closer she 
got.  And stronger still did he become.
	Tenchi watched as she got slowly weaker; her pounding on his chest grew 
slower; she buried herself in his chest still hitting him occasionally; 
sobbing in his shirt.
	She finally quit hitting him; she still clutched at him sobbing 
uncontrollably.  He moved then; the first movement he had shown in this entire 
ordeal.  And when he did it was to grasp her tightly to him.  
	And then he spoke.  So quietly only those with enhanced senses could 
here.  What; you want me to tell you what he said?  Nope.  That's not 
something that needs to be known.  Nor is it important.  But I'm sure you can 
figure it out; assuming you have a heart.
	They stood like that for many hours.  The collective cast bore silent 
witness, and not one of them, even the normally cool and collected Funahou, 
had dry eyes.
	Tenchi shifted himself to beside Cyraqs. "This what you had in mind?"
	"Nope." he answered simply, "Though it went a lot better than I thought 
it would."
	"So what happens now?"
	"Who knows?"  he smiled, "But who cares?" a couple of tears trickled 
down his cheeks; "Merry Christmas mom.  Merry Christmas dad."
	Tenchi could only agree. "Yes.  Merry Christmas...little Washuu."
	The two stood there like that the rest of the day.  All continued to bear
witness to this, and all remembered it for the rest of their lives.

End 9

	Authors Afterward:  I'm not sure I have one.  Excuse me a moment while I 
dry my eyes.  I'm at nolendr@boxer.navy.mil.  Merry Christmas all!  God bless.