Heaven and Eternity

by K'thardin

Standard Disclaimer:  If you don't know what these say by now, you 
probably never will, but here goes.  You will never win!  Muhuhahahahah!  
Sorry.  Anyway I don't own Tenchi Muyo!  I do own my characters!  There!  
Oh, by the way; feel free to reprint this, just remember to credit me.

Authors Forward:  In case you are wondering; a modified version of what 
happened in 'Tenchi Muyo: In Love!' happened a couple of weeks before 
Cyraqs got to Earth.  I can't write one, since someone else already did 
it; all I can say is that it was much closer to the movie than he made 
it to be.  And the person who took Kiyone's (I will introduce her later) 
place was Asahi in my continuity.  These next few parts will be a little 
darker; in fact this story deals with what the enemy element has been 
doing; as well as a few of the other players.  Well here is the next 
installment...

Game Pieces

"Kill them all.  Let God sort them out.  And if he don't want to; I'll 
see you in Hell."
		-Nolen's book of quotable quotes and observations
		 (revised)

<I hope you know what the opening theme is by now>

	The hostages were inside; and unless this was pulled off with 
extreme precision they would probably all die.
	Well that would not happen.  She and her partner were the best 
there was at what they did.
	It had been two weeks since they had heard any comunication from 
the terrorists or their hostages; approximately 5,000 children and their 
caretakers in this galactic orphanage.  So the go ahead to storm the 
place had been given.
	Her eyes narrowed and jaw tightened behind her black mask.  
Quickly she and her partner gave another once over of their equipment.  
They could not fail at this.
	Looking at her partner; they passed a silent communication, a 
language built over many missions together.
	Are you ready Kiyone? she asked her black clad companion.
	Yes.  Are you ready Mihoshi?
	Mihoshi blinked.
	What was I thinkning, she wondered just as the dust she had been 
trying to sweep from the shrine was blown back over it by a strong wind.
	"Waaa!  Now I've got to do it again." she wailed.

						*

	The old man walked away from the oracle within the temple, and he 
tried to make sense of what he was shown.  His mind was almost infinite, 
but so was the information he was given.  It was taking him awhile to 
sort it out.
	He had come here looking for answers about the sisters.  What he 
found was the entire truth of what they were.  He also saw why things 
were happening the way they were.  The oracle had shown him many ways it 
could have been so he could better understand why it was now.
	In one universe none of them existed and Tenchi was forced to face 
Tokimi alone.  He lost.
	In another there were others that shared the fate of the universe, 
but not Cyraqs; and so Tenchi made a lot of bad choices, and the sisters 
used him for an eternity.  He never knew and was in hell for his entire 
life.
	In another he actually managed to win against Tokimi.  At the cost 
of everyone else's life.
	In another Tokimi wasn't all that bad.  It was her henchmen they 
had to worry about.  He managed to win, but what happened next, 
well...best not to think about that one.
	In another Tenchi left never to be heard from again.  Nobody won 
in this one.
	Then there was the strange parody of this universe where Ryouko 
fell to Earth being trailed by GPO Mihoshi and then...well it was kind 
of weird after that.
	There were others; some where he married one of the girls.  Some 
where he married certain sets of them, and some where he married all of 
them (the old man really didn't believe that one).  Each led to infinite 
paths of probability.
	All those different paths gave him a greater understanding of why 
it was unfolding like it was here.  Definitely can't say they didn't 
answer my question fully.  And the goddesses...well he owed one in 
particular an apology.  The others will be dealt with as necessary.
	Washuu had no memory, and if it wasn't for Cyraqs; Tsunami would 
never have been able to plan as effectively as she had for Tokimi's 
coming.  He helped her grow up a lot over the many millennia.  And now 
things would hopefully unfold as they should between them.  He had seen 
many futures where they both did and did not.
	There was one in particular that really scared him.  The one where 
Cyraqs decided that all the Goddesses must be destroyed, as in that 
universe they had all caused too much pain and suffering.  That was one 
of the variations of one where the goddesses used Tenchi for an 
eternity.  Until Cyraqs acted that is.  That universe did not survive.  
It was a remote possibility (as he loved two of them more than his own 
life), but one he was dead certain he would make sure would not happen.
	He kept walking out of the shrine and into the outside light where 
the goddess in particular waited for him.  Too bad she's in love with 
some one else; or I'd be sorely tempted to try to win her; he thought 
for about 398,765th time since he had learned of it.
	"I'm sorry." he said.
	She raised an eyebrow in question.
	"I misjudged your motives.  I thought you were just making a 
weapon against your dark sister.  Helping Tsunami along as it were." he 
chuckled slightly, "It was like that, but not for any selfish reason.  I 
had no idea you did it out of love for your sister.  Also, you actually 
loved both your husband and your son.  Enough allow your mortal 
personage to die, so that Tokimi wouldn't track you down and find the 
two of them as well.  Nor did I realize you didn't want your son to know 
what was really going on because you wanted to protect him.  Not because 
you were ashamed of some of the things you and sisters had done.  Were 
capable of doing."
	She looked at him along time; unsure of what to say.  So she tried 
the simplest thing she could think of. "Apology accepted.  But you were 
right about one thing.  I can't protect him from his destiny.  They need 
to know; both of them need to know.  It will be that final bit of 
knowledge that will set things right.  Assuming we win."
	"Yes.  Something we must begin to plan now."  Too bad I can't use 
the knowledge I gained in there for this, but the futures I saw didn't 
say which one will happen, so I can't adequately plan for it.  Still 
some of it will be useful; I hope.

					*

<Kokomo-Beach Boys>

	The young looking man was sitting on a beach on a remote planet; 
so far away that the light of it's sun will never reach our galaxy.  He 
was a plain looking humanoid with long bluish colored hair.  He was well 
muscled and clad only in beach shorts and sunglasses, and was quite 
obviously enjoying the suntan he was receiving.
	Three beings suddenly appeared before him.  One was a strange 
looking man with white hair and beard, and jet blue eyes; no iris' or 
pupils.  The second was an amorphous mass of red and white energy; which 
had something you could vaguely call a head; and appendages that could 
be called arms.  The third was coweled in a dirty brown robe; nothing of 
his flesh (if he had any) could be seen.  It didn't even phase the man.
	The white haired one stepped forward and addressed the young man.  
"We have been looking for you for months."
	"Oh?  Why is that?" he asked in a bored tone.
	"We have run into a situation that you could quite possibly help 
us with."
	Suddenly he looked at the group a highly amused look on his face. 
"What can't the most powerful of lady Tokimi's followers figure it out?  
You need someone like me to help you?"
	The white haired one looked about ready to lash out at the younger 
one, but he stopped himself.  Barely.
	"Yes.  We need you for this."
	He rose from his chair on the sand and adjusted his sunglasses.  
"Well then D3 you only needed to ask." he grinned; "Tell me what can 
this humble personage do for you."  Think Starscreem here folks.
	D3 waved his hand and a field of stars spread out before him.  
Slowly it shifted to the system Sol and it's third planet, but went no 
further.
	"A little while ago we found both Washuu and Tsunami."
	"'Bout time." he said sarcastically.
	D3 ignored him.  "Anyway when we did we found this as well."  The 
scene shifts to Tenchi using his power to free himself, Ayeka, and 
Mihoshi from a black hole.
	"So Tsunami has created a weapon against us.  One who can use the 
lighthawk wings."  Though he can do more.  So he was the one I felt 
those months ago.  "That alone wouldn't do her very much good.  Even as 
powerful as he seems to be."  But he will now.  Which is what I bet they 
want to talk to me about.
	D3 was not convinced by the younger mans pronouncement; and it 
showed in his gaze.  Still he continued.  "Lady Tokimi believes 
otherwise."  So she's not as stupid as she sometimes puts out. "That is 
not what this is about."
	"Then what is it about?" he asked.
	"This." the scene shifts back to Earth, but he still can't get any 
closer to seeing it.
	OH HO! the young man exclaimed to himself.
	"This is the boy's homeworld.  Do you know anything about this?  
Asmodeus here said you might have some information on the subject."
	The young man grinned at the coweled being.  "You suspect don't 
you?  But you need me to confirm it."  he shrugged, "Very well.  I 
shall.  What you are seeing D3 is a dampening field."
	"I gathered that."
	"I gathered that you gathered that." he grinned even wider, "But 
you can't even analyze it can you?"  D3 looked away when he said this.  
"It appears that you have been seriously compromised D3."  D3 started at 
this pronouncement. "My brethren have found you.  In fact one of them if 
not more have probably been listening in on you every now and then."
	"Impossible.  No one can get in there." D3 said adamantly.
	"And I suppose you didn't know I was behind you either?"  All of 
them turned to see the young man standing behind them.  They turned to 
look back and saw the image of the young man vanish.  None of them had 
felt anything.  "We are masters of subtlety.  We can be completely 
invisible if we wish."  He walked up next to them and assumed his 
original place around the image of the Earth.  "I even know this one.  
We go way back." He laughed again, but it was dark and promised murder.  
"I did warn you to take precautions against this, but you didn't listen 
did you?"  He sighed.  "Now they know about you and will stop at nothing 
to take you down."
	"So why not attack us?  I assume they have the numbers."  Abel 
asked.
	"Let me tell you something; if all of them knew I'd feel it, and 
so would you.  So those that know, won't tell those that don't until 
absolutely sure of victory.  They are not stupid.  They don't want you, 
they want Tokimi herself.  And they will destroy her if they can."  D3 
stiffened a little; causing the young man to smile.  "But as long as she 
stays where she is she is safe.  So they will try to make life hell for 
her until she comes to where they have the advantage.  Then she is 
dead."  He lost his smile, but the humor was still there, "Classic 
Cyraqs, very classic.  Too bad I know how you operate and this operation 
has your name written all over it."
	Azmodeus asked him if he had any suggestions.
	"Suggestions?" he smiled, "One or two."

						*

	"Do you know anything about this Raiden?" a voice asked.
	The man known as Raiden frowned puzzled.  "No."
	"Others have felt it in the Ether.  Something is going on.  
Something is amassing itself against the realm."
	"I know." Raiden said.
	The voice gave the impression of thinking deeply.  "Have you heard 
from the old man?"
	"No.  He knows something about this."
	"I know.  We all know he knows."  said the voice in an annoyed 
tone.  "Too bad we can't find him."
	Raiden's frown increased when he was reminded the old man could 
not be found.  Then he remembered something.  "Perhaps Cyraqs might 
know.  I feel he is somehow central to all this."
	"Yes.  He might."  the voice conceded, "But he's still busy with 
Tenchi."
	"True.  I wish I had more information." Raiden said regretfully.
	"As do we all.  It look like this has turned into a waiting game."
	"I hate those kind of games."
	"You and me both."

						*

	"That's your suggestion?" asked Abel.
	The young looking man gave him a 'What the hell do you think?' 
look.
	"Have you perhaps gone slightly insane?"
	The man smiled.  "Some might think so.  But that is unimportant I 
think."
	"You realize that might cause the destruction of the two we wish 
to capture; as well as the being Tsunami has created."  D3 told him.
	"Possibly." He answered.  "But the way things stand now; if we 
don't do something; they will eventually make you make a mistake.  Then 
we're all dead."
	Azmodeus told him it sounded like a bullshit plan from a person 
whose loyalty has always been questionable.
	"Loyalty?  Well then let's talk about loyalty shall we?"  He 
didn't wait for an answer before continuing.   Not that an answer either 
way would have mattered.  "You, Azmodeus, are loyal to Tokimi for saving 
your life.  You, the last of your race.  It is fortunate she did; 
otherwise those of my bretheren would have tracked you down and 
destroyed you.  At least they would have before Lady Tokimi not found 
you wandering the realms first.  Can't say as I really blame them seeing 
as how your race was a bunch of maniacal tyrants that used to consume 
the life's energies of the realms you came to.  Never even bothered to 
find an alternate food source; you guys just enjoyed all the pain and 
death."  Nothing could be seen of the coweled figure's demeanor, but it 
gave the impression of stiffening, before reluctantly agreeing with the 
young looking man's statement.
	"And you Abel...Oh by the way, where is your twin Kain?"  He 
slapped his head as if something just occurred to him.  "That's right he 
was recently destroyed when he went back into time wasn't he?"  The mass 
of energy's started roiling uncontrollably, "Too bad it was in subspace 
so we couldn't see what it was that killed him.  Not that it matters; 
easy enough to figure out in any case."  He chuckled,  "'Go scout this 
universe, and report your findings to me.' She told him a century ago.  
So what does he do?  Goes on a rampage of death and destruction 'till 
he's bottled up by Tsunami and the GP."  He sighed and shook his head.  
"Then again, he never was very stable was he?" he asked Abel evilly.  
Abel mass was beginning to grow.  "I mean what was he thinking; 
violating the sacred time stream like that?  Then he gets whacked.  So 
tell me, Abel; did you feel it?  Feel it as the energies that destroyed 
him; ripped into him and shredded his energy form into an amorphous 
purple goo?  Did you, huh?"  He bared his teeth in a predatory smile.  
Abel's mass was still growing.  "Anyway we were talking about loyalty; 
and you and Kain were loyal because she raised you from the time you 
were spawned.  That's why you are loyal.  A loyal dog that is!"
	Abel had finally had enough and he tried to strike at the younger 
looking man.  He found he couldn't move; that guy had already grasped 
him by the throat (or at least that's what our minds would register) and 
was crushing it cruelly.
	"Not even on your best day." His eyes flashed behind his glasses.
	"THAT'S ENOUGH!" D3 yelled as he held a broad sword at the man's 
throat.  "Release him!" he commanded.
	The man appeared to consider it, before finally tossing the 
amorphous energy form aside.  D3 lowered his weapon.  "And now on to you 
D3." He grinned.  "You have always served Tokimi faithfully.  But why is 
that?"  He smiled, "Because you love her don't you?"  the others started 
at D3 who himself could not meet any of their gazes.  "And I don't mean 
as a priest loves his goddess.  I mean as a man loves a woman."  A 
slight tightening around D3's jaw was the only reaction he registered at 
this qualification.  Nothing could be told of Azmodeus' reaction, but 
Abel, his anger at the man momentarily forgotten, could only stare at 
D3.  "It must anger you in a way that I could never imagine."  He lost 
his smile, and it almost seemed there was a slight amount of pity in his 
voice; maybe even compassion.  "To only be treated as a servant; even 
her chief servant, nothing more.  Now, though, if what you told me of 
this boy 'Tenchi' is true; she wants him.  I don't even want to know the 
thoughts running through your head now."  D3's grip on his sword 
tightened but he didn't move.  "And you're just going to continue to do 
what she says.  Because you love her so much.  Even though she's going 
to go off and FUCK some other guy."  He rolled his eyes.  "'Do not try 
to fight him.'  Heh."
	"You've made your point Tetran." D3 said through gritted teeth.
	"No, I don't think I have.  I know all your motivations, but now 
you seem to need to know mine."
	Azmodeus asked him what his motivations were then.
	"Revenge!"  His eyes flashed red behind his glasses and all traces 
of the cruel playfulness were gone.  "Revenge against those of my former 
'brethren' that said I had overstepped my bounds in MY empire.  Soon 
Tokimi will conquer all, and I will be a god again.  Any that could stop 
me; will be destroyed."  Yes, Cyraqs, you are going to regret not 
killing me when you had the chance.  I'm going to enjoy making you in 
particular suffer.  His mind conjured up an image of what he would do 
with Tsunami after Tokimi had her way with her; while Cyraqs could only 
helplessly watch.  Assuming, of course, he was still alive.  That 
thought made him laugh; causing the others to stare at him.  Then back 
away...slowly.

					*

	Somewhere in deep space, within a starship of unknown 
configuration, a long cylindrical chamber opened.  It looked a lot like 
the kind used in Star Wars when they revived Luke (Note: Bacta Tank).  
Only you couldn't see through this one.
	Steam poured forth from the opening; or maybe some other kind of 
gas.  Nothing could be seen of what was inside.
	A humanoid leg stepped from the tank; quickly followed by the rest 
of him.  Nothing more could be seen of his features in the darkness, but 
it could be seen he was examining himself.
	Well now, it's been awhile since I had a complete physical form.  
It feels good.
	He walked over to the main terminal next to the tank, and 
instantly many and varied holoscreens sprang up around him.  The man sat 
back and considered them; seeming completely unconcerned about his lack 
of clothing.
	It appears to have worked successfully.  Didn't think I would ever 
have to use this, but it is always a good idea to plan for any 
contingency.  And now, things have become...interesting.
	His mouth twisted into a cruel smile as he watched the information 
scroll before him.  Especially when he got to what appeared to be Dr. 
Clay's police record.  Fucking idiot! he laughed to himself.
	He finally finished; and now his smile had turned maniacal.  Let's 
see what we can do now.
	At least I was able to analyze the attack that destroyed my energy 
body.  And though I cannot duplicate the Light Hawk Wings; a sword, 
blacker than the shadows, appeared in his hand; I was able to find a 
power polar to it.  A power I was able to incorporate into my new body.  
This will definately make things interesting in the future.  Then he 
frowned slightly.  I will have to abandon my original plan; there is no 
telling what the outcome of another fight against the boy will be.  I 
must find another.
	He let the sword go; and looked at himself again.  A holoscreen 
appeared in front of him; reflecting his face.
	Damn.  No matter what I do my green hair is still turning grey, he 
thought running his hand through his hair.  It was green, but had a 
couple of streaks of grey through it.  Still, you do good work old 
friend.  Without your little trick of repeating yourself; I would be 
very dead.  But I am sorry you never managed to create a sword equal to 
the Light Hawk Wings.  He frowned a little sadly; though with your 
research and my analysis I was able.  I thank you.
	A slight growl startled him from his reverie.  Forgot that 
physical bodies need things.  His smile returned to one of 
maliciousness.  It's a good thing you don't want me anymore Washuu.  I 
don't think you could handle a being of my passions.  Then again 
considering what you really are, you just might.
	Kagato got up from his seat and proceeded to another part of his 
ship.  I think the best thing to do now is watch the Earth and surprise 
everyone when they least expect it.  I may have to destroy the Earth, 
but it is expendable in the grand scheme of things.

						*

	Kenji of the Royal Jurai navy aboard his ship; the Dan-Gai-oh and 
the GP ship the Guyver both had heard the distress call of a Juraian 
Deep space out post at the border of Juraian space.
	Both were a little shocked at what they were seeing.
	"What could do this?" asked the captain of the Guyver.
	Yes.  What in deed? wondered Kenji.  The entire station was 
destroyed.  An entire Juraian space station completely wiped out.  What 
could possibly do this to the most powerful and technologically advanced 
star kingdom in known space?
	"Whatever it was; our sensors can find no trace of it."  Kenji 
said.
	"Nor can ours.  Have you found any surviving recordings?"
	Kenji looked at one of his bridge officers who nodded a negative.  
"No.  So we can't find..."
	"Something's coming out of hyperspace at a seventy degree vector 
from our ship!" yelled the officer in front of the tactical station.
	"Go to red alert!  Give me a visual!"  A holographic screen 
appeared beside the image of the GP captain, showing the area of space 
in question.
	A ship that looked like a giant X appeared from hyperspace.
	"No match in the galactic databanks.  Nor in the Historical 
database." reported one of the officers.
	The ship's X wings opened and around a hundred humanoid figures 
poured forth.
	"What the?!" they both intoned together.
	Strange lights appeared in their hands.
	"Those are LIGHT HAWK WINGS!" exclaimed Kenji.  "Shields!"  The 
ship extended four light-hawk wings.  "Try to protect..."
	"Too late!"  A beam of energy; concentrated between about half the 
figures lanced out and destroyed the shields of the Guyver; vaporizing 
it in a microsecond.
	"Fuck!  Target and fire!" he yelled.
	The Dan-Gai-Oh's cannons were extended and proceeded to open fire.  
To no avail the targets were to fast and agile to be adequately 
targeted.  Those that were hit where protected by bubbles of light hawk 
energy, but only for one or two shots; eventually they fell.
	But still they had the massive numbers; battering at the ship's 
shields with their own weapons of energy, and while theirs was much 
weaker even this ship couldn't take this constant pounding.
	"Prepare to retreat!" Kenji ordered.
	"Can't sir!  They've destroyed our hyperdrive capability!"
	Damnit!  "Prepare to transmit message:  This is the Juraian star 
cruiser Dan-Gai-Oh!  We are under attack by unknown force!  Request any 
and all ass..."
	His transmission was cut off, as his ship was destroyed.

						*

	"...We are under attack by unknown force!  Request any and all 
ass..." the viewing globe suddenly turned bright for a moment, and when 
it cleared only pieces of the ship remained.
	An ancient and malevolent presence watched the globe as this all 
occurred.  And then...she smiled.

						*

	In a ship (that looked like a miniature version of the Ranger) 
located outside Tokimi's stronghold; two small furry rodents converse on 
what they had seen so far.
	"Gee Brain; what do you want to do tonight?"
	The large headed one turned to look at his demented companion.  
"Tonight Pinky we sit back and see which one of these idiots manages to 
take over the universe first."
<Ominous Music Ensues>

<Ending Theme: Dreams-VanHalen>

End 10

Afterward:  Didn't see that one coming did you?  Well C&C are welcome.  
I'm at nolendr@boxer.navy.mil