

Heaven and Eternity

by K'thardin

Standard Disclaimer:  If you don't know what these say by now, you 
probably never will, but here goes.  You will never win!  Muhuhahahahah!  
Sorry.  Anyway I don't own Tenchi Muyo!  I do own my characters!  There!  
Oh, by the way; feel free to reprint this, just remember to credit me.

Authors Forward:  Hmm.....Almost done; NOT!  God I remember when people 
were saying that left and right.  Well, these last three chapters pretty 
much happen at the same time, so I hope that clears that up.  Next 
chapter is going to be long, and fun!  This chapter on the other hand 
details partially what went on with Cyraqs and Tenchi in space!  Perhaps 
this one will explain a few things further; a few concepts I have only 
hinted at.  This one is called...

Final Lesson

"You must confront Vader.  Then and only then, a Jedi will you be."
                -Yoda

        "This is the Juraian star Cruiser Dan-Gai-Oh!  We are under attack 
by unknown force!  Request any and all ass..."  The view screen went 
blank, in a flash of light.
        The holoscreen disappeared and Commander Sarnd walked out upon a 
dais in the middle.  "This was our first contact with this new threat."  
A new view screen appeared showing the galaxy with various red dots.  
They were in almost a straight line, with a few other dots here and 
there across the rest of the galaxy.  "Since then we have had twelve 
other attacks in as many weeks.  They appear to be targeting major 
Juraian outposts and warships as well as those belonging to the GP."  
The ones in the straight line started blinking.  "It appears they are 
taking out the most powerful star empire in known space as well as the 
major peace keeping force in this galaxy.  And they're making a beeline 
directly for the heart of that empire."
        Dead silence in the ranks of agents assembled.
        "As such are putting our forces on highest possible alert and all 
available warships are presently on route to this sector."  A point on 
the screen expanded to a group of five stars; the one in the center 
labeled Jurai.
        A figure in those assembled raised his/her/it's (I don't know) 
hand.  "What exactly are we facing here?"
        "General."  A figure walked upon the dais.  He was young looking, 
but then again most Juraians were, as they lived many, many thousands of 
years.
        The view screen shifted to a recording of a ship looking like a 
strange X opening itself and various figures pouring out.  The 
collective audience gasped as they saw strange lights spring fourth from 
their hands.  A general murmur of "Light Hawk wings" through those 
assembled was heard.  The screen zoomed in on one to be better displayed 
to those observing.  It appeared to be a humanoid male in some strange 
armor; the light hawk force seemed to be emanating from the armor 
itself.
        "Yes those are light hawk wings." the Juraian began, "And being 
that they are light hawk wings they pose a major threat to any ship in 
known space.  From what we can gather it is the armor that generates 
their shields and weapons, as well as propulsion.  Life support is 
doubtful, they appear to be able to survive in space without it.  Also 
there are no differences in the individuals you see here.  Which leads 
us to believe some kind of cloning technology involved?  Meaning we 
could be facing an almost infinite amount of soldiers.  All having this 
armor that can generate the wings.  Yes?" he asked.
        Another of the figures below him lowered a tentacle.  "Who are 
they and what are they after?"
        "We don't know who they are.  It's been theorized they are 
possibly from some distant galaxy or some other reality."  Funahou 
assures us that it isn't Washuu's technologies thank Kami-sama, he 
thought to himself.  "They are about to take out the Juraians and the 
GP.  That probably means they are planning on taking everything." he 
replied  "Yes?"
        "So can we expect help from the other races?"
        "We've contacted who we could.  They are sending what they can, 
but considering what we are up against...it doesn't look good."
        "So what are we doing about it?"
        "Worst case?  Jurai falls, we pull out who we can, move back and 
fight a war that could last thousands of years.  A war we eventually 
loose.  Best case?  We somehow stop them here," he points to the sector, 
"and we push them back.  To be honest we don't see that happening."
        "So when can we expect them to strike there?"
        "They'll probably take out a few other targets before they strike 
here, but since they'll be spread out we can't spare our ships to engage 
them.  All have been instructed to run if they encounter these beings.  
To answer your question, we don't know.  Welcome to some dark times 
folks."  I hope we survive them.

                                                *

        Cyraqs took a deep breath smelling the early morning air.  Better 
savor it, won't be here for awhile.
        "Do you really have to go for so long?" Sasami asked him almost in 
tears.
        He looked down at the little girl and smiled.  "Yes.  What I have 
to teach Tenchi now can only be done among the stars."  He bent down to 
her level, making her taller than him.  "Don't worry." he said 
reassuringly; brushing away a couple of her stray tears.  "We'll be back 
before you know it."
        She threw herself into his arms and sobbed a little.  "You 
promised you'll be back.  Don't leave me."  That statement seemed a 
little odd to him, but he got a strange feeling he really shouldn't 
question it.  So he didn't.
        He pulled back and looked her in the eyes.  "Don't worry.  I have 
no intention of leaving you."  He smiled, "I couldn't even if I tried."
        She smiled back.  "Cyraqs?"
        "Hmm?"
        "Can I see your eyes?"
        He blinked behind his glasses.  She hasn't seen them has she?  A 
simple request.  "Sure."  He reached up and pulled his glasses off 
revealing something few in the universe knew.
        His eyes were not eyes exactly.  They were there and at the same 
time not.  Stars, planets, nebula, galaxies swirled in his eyes; the 
scene of the universe it shows ever changing, always in motion.  
Beautiful beyond belief, and as you stared you felt yourself falling 
into the vastness of the universe; swallowed up by that beauty.
        Sasami gasped at it.  "They're beautiful!" she said in wonder.
        He put his glasses back on.  "And also the reason I keep them 
covered up.  Very conspicuous."
        She nodded her head, still smiling.  She had also wanted to see 
the truth behind them; which she did.  He would return.  Knowing this, 
she now rushed to the figure behind him.
        "You take care too, Tenchi-niichan." she said burying herself in 
his chest..er stomach.
        "I will Sasami.  You too; alright?" She nodded her head, and 
pulled back aways.  With that the two of them vanished.
        "Come back soon." my love, she added to herself.
        A hand was placed on her shoulder, "Don't worry.  He will, and so 
will Tenchi."
        Sasami grabbed Tsunami and cried softly.  If there was one thing 
that Sasami couldn't take was being separated from any part of her 
family.  And though she could hold it back better, neither could 
Tsunami.  He'll be back; now though, I need to check out what I have 
been feeling from my children.  A few of them have been destroyed, and I 
need to know what did it.
        But she knew, deep down she knew.  A new feeling entered her soul 
then.  Dread.  Hurry back you two.  We need you.

                                                *

        They reappeared outside of a star-forming nebula within a distant 
galaxy.
        "So what are we doing now, sensei?"  Tenchi asked.
        "I've taught you all that is necessary concerning your power.  
This last part is book work and application."
        Say huh?  "'book work and application?'"
        "Yep."  Cyraqs tossed him a ring, "Get used to that, you're going 
to be spending about half your time with it."
        Tenchi put it on and a lightboard appeared in front of him.  "Just 
like Washuu's."
        "And tied into the Ranger's central database.  From there you'll 
learn all the technical jargon for what you have been doing, and out 
here..." he waved to the stars, "you'll see it in action."
        Cool.  But I need to ask him something.  "Can I ask a question 
before we begin?"
        "Isn't that a question?"  Tenchi frowned at him. "Sure." he smiled 
in amusement.
        "Who's Tokimi?"
        That is unexpected.  Then again I was wondering when he'd get the 
courage to ask.  "Bad news.  Very bad news.  I don't know exactly what 
she's after, what I do know is this:  She wants you for herself,"  Great 
just what I need, Tenchi thought sarcastically. "and she wants Sasami, 
Tsunami, and Mom for an unknown reason.  I know if she gets all those 
things we're screwed, but I don't know why."  Except that we'll all wind 
up dead.
        "So why not attack her directly?"
"Because she is something that I, that none of us, can directly affect." 
he sighed, "A higher level dimensional life form.  While our beings 
extend there, we would have to shift enough of ourselves from this level 
to her level to attack her.  Problem with that is, such a crossing would 
greatly weaken us, and she would feel it.  We'd be sitting targets for 
her.  The most we can hope for is to lure her to somewhere we CAN attack 
her directly."
        Tenchi considered this, "So is this why my 'training' seemed at 
times to be rushed."  Cyraqs nodded his head.  "Then let's go."
        For the next month Tenchi threw himself into this with intensity 
that at times bordered on insanity.  And he learned, man did he learn.  
Cyraqs himself could barely keep up with the demands his student put on 
him.  It was all he could do to keep from bursting with pride.
        So it was no surprise to him that at the end of one month he took 
him someplace that was reserved especially for this.  This the final 
lesson.
        "Well here we are, Pismo beach and all the clams we can eat."  
Cyraqs announced as they entered a completely different realm.  Tenchi 
looked at him strangely, "Sorry." he said.
        "So this is it, right?" Tenchi asked.
        "Yes.  We made this realm specifically for this."  Cyraqs pointed 
to a swirling mass of stars,  "See that galaxy?"  Tenchi nodded his 
head, "Artificial.  You have to destroy that, and then you have to put 
it back together."
        "How am I supposed to do that?" he asked in disbelief.
        "However you want." Cyraqs smiled, "It's just gotta work after 
you're done."
        "So how long does it usually take?"
        Cyraqs eyes flashed green and he smiled at him again; the smile 
that Tenchi still thought was the scariest thing he had ever seen.  "I 
did it in five days."  Right, Tenchi thought.  "Have fun."
        Tenchi frowned and flew toward the galaxy.  Destroy that?!  Easier 
said than done.  On it's outskirts he paused and considered just how 
precisely to do it.  He didn't think he was strong enough to do it 
outright.  So how?  Take out the stars one at a time?  That would take 
forever.  Take them out in groups?  Same problem.  Unless he could 
figure out a way to cause this galaxy to tear itself apart.  Could work.  
Detonate a few stars here and there, guide the forces to the appropriate 
places, and are there any black holes...damn no such luck.  Well guess I 
better get started.
        Cyraqs watched and smiled when he saw what Tenchi was doing.  
Good, very good.  You realized that sometimes power needs to be 
carefully controlled to be most effective.  He watched Tenchi scan the 
galaxy.  And you realize that information is always the key to winning.  
Excellent.
        Tenchi proceeded to waste stars in certain areas of the galaxy 
setting up a chain reaction.  The real entertainment was watching how he 
destroyed the stars.  After apparently becoming bored with just willing 
their destruction, he started getting creative; transmuting their cores 
to antimatter, throwing two suns together, and the like.  It took about 
two days until the galaxy itself finally self-destructed; and its end 
was truly awesome to behold.
        Tenchi was near exhaustion, but he knew he couldn't stop.  At 
least he was able to absorb enough power from the energy released in its 
death so he could put it back together.  It hurt, in a way that was 
impossible to describe, maybe a good example would be having your bones 
broke healed and broke repeatedly.  And he felt himself changing as he 
forced himself to accept this power; not being able to go dormant to 
metabolize it.
        Now the question was, how do I put this galaxy back together?
        <Any way you want Tenchi.> he heard Cyraqs' mental voice say.
        <Cyraqs?>
        <It's easy to destroy, but the true test is to create.  And now 
you must create.  Put it together Tenchi, anyway you will.>
        Anyway I want huh?  Well then let's see if I can put this new 
knowledge and power to some really good use.
        He shifted himself to the place he wanted the center of the galaxy 
to be and began to draw the pieces of the galaxy that had been spread 
across the realm to him.  He cycled every particle of it through himself 
examining it; deciding where it should go.  His mind going faster and 
faster as he created this new galaxy; putting suns, planets, nebula, and 
whatever else he wanted into it.  Making it all work together to 
maintain itself as a galaxy does.
        The final system was done two days later.  Sighing in relief he 
checked and double-checked his work.  This galaxy was different than the 
last one, but it was supposed to be.  It was HIS creation.  And he did 
it in four days.  Suck on that Cyraqs!  Smiling he looked upon his 
handiwork, and found it good.  Now I'm getting a God complex, he laughed 
to himself.
        He took a step, then realized he was not in an upright position 
anymore.  He checked himself; the damage he had done to his body had 
been too extensive, it was beginning to die.  Damn, he thought as he 
lost consciousness, this is kind of a screwed up way to go.
        Cyraqs appeared beside him, and did nothing as he watched his life 
ebb away.  Now Tenchi the true test begins.

        The light.  It was everywhere.  All he could see.  It permeated 
everything giving it a soft glow; and a strangely comforting feeling 
inside.  So now I'm dead.  Shouldn't have pushed myself so hard, but why 
didn't he stop me, I was too involved I couldn't stop myself.
        He heard; no more accurate he felt a laugh, a laugh he hadn't 
heard in so long it made his heart ache.  Mother, I'm coming. He walked 
down the path of light toward the source; a star bright enough to blind 
even him, but it didn't.  He reached the source and he saw a figure of a 
young woman appear from the light.
        The light was so bright he should have never seen who it was.  
Somehow, though he did.
        Mother. 
        My son. She said as she came and embraced him.
        I'm ready to go.
        No.
        No? he asked.  Do you not want me to join you?
        You have a greater destiny.
        What do you mean?
        She smiled at him.  You have been chosen.  Like others before you, 
you have been chosen to protect.
        But I want to stay with you.
        Tenchi I'm not part of this light.  If you choose to go, I cannot 
accompany you.  And if you choose to go, all your loved ones will die.  
She waved her arms and his entire family appeared.  Would you abandon 
them?
        The decision wasn't even there to be made.  I can't.
        She kissed him lightly on his lips.  I know.
        Must I go back now? he asked.  He didn't want to leave her now.  
He couldn't.
        Not immediately. But soon.
        I wish...
        Hush!  Do not speak of such things.  Let me hold you while time 
still permits.  I missed you, so much my little warrior!  So much!  He 
did not.  He held her as tight as he could as long as he could until the 
light pushed him away.

        Cyraqs saw a new force enter Tenchi, changing him for the final 
time.  His reaction consisted of one word, and that spoken to himself.
        Yes.  
        "MOTHER!" Tenchi shouted as he came awake.  He felt tears in his 
eyes, when he remembered what he had just found and lost.  Because she 
had not been part of that, and he had chosen to come back and protect, 
those he loved.
        Your mother.  I'm so sorry Tenchi.  "It's hard.  It's hard for us 
all."  Tenchi looked at Cyraqs a mixture of something running through 
him.  Anger, fear, despair, joy, hate, love, every emotion he had more 
intense than anything he had ever experienced flowed through him.
        "You bastard!  You didn't warn me!  Why didn't you tell me?"
        His gaze hardened slightly, but Tenchi still felt sympathy radiate 
from him.  "Would you have believed me?  Would it have made any 
difference?"
        He considered that.  "No, I suppose not.  What is happening to 
me?" he laughed and cried, "It hurts, It feels..."
        "It's called the birth rage." Cyraqs interrupted,  "You have been 
reborn Tenchi.  The distance between what you were and what you are now 
is almost inconceivable.  Everything you are has been amplified, to a 
degree unimaginable."  He smiled down Tenchi, "We shall stay here awhile 
so you can regain your balance, and then..."
        "Then?" Tenchi prodded.
        "Then you will meet the rest of us.  Welcome Tenchi, hope you 
survive the experience."  For some reason that statement made Tenchi 
smile, a smile of elation and accomplishment at finally finishing this 
great deed.

                                        *

        Tenchi shifted his sunglasses, (he was very surprised that his 
eyes were now showing the same thing Cyraqs' did; to which Cyraqs has 
only said cryptically 'It's how we're marked.') and gazed in wonder at 
the planet before him.  A planet of deep blues and dark greens.  
Mountain ranges so high that Everest was put to shame.  Water falls so 
large that Niagara was only a water slide in comparison.  So this is our 
world?
        Cyraqs smiled at Tenchi.  "Cosentia.  Our world.  The only world 
within this realm.  And only we can enter here." his brow furrowed, 
"Unless of course we personally bring someone here." he added.  He 
looked directly at Tenchi.  "Now listen, don't tell anyone about Tokimi.  
We don't need the repercussions that could cause."
        Yeah definitely not a good idea.  That much raw aggression 
directed at something would be as a mountain in a desert to those who 
could sense such things.  Don't want to tip her off, until it's to our 
advantage to do so.  "I understand."
        "Good." he smiled, "Then let's go; they are very eager to meet 
you."

        Their main stronghold was located inside one of those mountains, 
and all were assembled to meet their new brother.
        "Everyone I'd like you to meet TENCHI!" Cyraqs shouted as they 
entered the fortress.  Those assembled raised their collective voices in 
a cry of joy that could not be compared to anything he had ever heard 
before.  That resounding cheer echoed off the farthest star, though 
those that heard had no idea what that was.
        This is awesome, Tenchi thought.  He walked through those 
assembled, shaking hands, tentacles, flippers, or whatever.  More aliens 
than he had ever seen in any sci-fi show, all welcoming him as one of 
them.  He knew them all as soon as he touched them.  Every name was 
etched in his head, he couldn't forget now if he tried.  It ended much 
more quickly than he expected, and just as quickly they all went inside 
of another room.  
        One of their number had called them together.
        Inside was a table, large enough so that all those assembled could 
gather around it.  Actually the table changed itself so that it could 
fit all those around it.  He also noted that no one sat at either head.  
Then again he remembered there was no leadership per se.  He was about 
to take a place beside Cyraqs when he noticed him talking to two 
individuals he hadn't seen earlier.
        They looked like twins, though one wore white and the other black.  
And for some reason they seemed awfully familiar.  Whoever they were, 
judging from Cyraqs' tone, he really didn't want them to be there, but 
it seemed there was nothing he could do about it.  Cyraqs spied him and 
motioned him over.
        "Tenchi I'd like you to meet G," he motioned toward the white clad 
one, "and Louis Cypher." he indicated the black clad one.
        "It's good to meet you in person Tenchi." G said warmly and 
extended his hand.  He took it, and felt peace, joy, and POWER.  He 
found himself in awe of this man.  Who are you? he wondered as he let 
go.
        "I as well, would like to say how good it is to meet you in person 
Tenchi."  Tenchi shook the black clad one's hand as well, the feeling 
was similar, but in this case was more dark and foreboding.  Both were 
very familiar.  Like what he felt all around, compressed into one area.
        "I know you." he said simply.
        Louis smiled, "Of course you do."
        "You still haven't answered my question." Cyraqs stated almost 
angrily.
        "In good time.  Tenchi," Tenchi inclined his head to the white 
clad one, "Tell me what is the first thing you all must do."
        "To protect those we love." he answered without hesitation.  How 
did I know that?
        G smiled.  "Remember that in the times to come."  The two of them 
vanished.
        Cyraqs grumbled something unintelligible.  "Who were they?"  
Tenchi asked.
        "A lot of things.  Pains in the butt most of the time.  They won't 
help us directly, but when they do deign to grace us with their presence 
they give us riddles."  he sighed angrily, "Such is their way.  I tell 
you later who exactly they were."
        The rest had finally filed in and all took a place around the 
table.
        The one he knew as Raiden spoke first.  "What did they want?"  he 
asked.
        "To remind us of what the first thing we all do is."  Cyraqs grumbled.
        "Riiiigggghhhtttt." he said, then he grew serious, "We have been 
having some strange feelings here recently that something has been 
amassing itself against our realm."  A feeling of agreement washed 
through those assembled.  "None of us know what it is except perhaps 
you, Cyraqs.  You and the old man."
        Cyraqs grimaced.  "The geeze has always been elusive when it comes 
to things he does.  As for myself, what I know I cannot tell you."
        For some reason all accepted this.
        "O.K. on to something else."  Raiden said, "It appears that we 
have another problem to worry about."
        "Is this why you called us all here?"  Cyraqs asked.
        Tenchi knew it was he who called them all here, but as he was 
instructed, he remained silent in what he knew.
        "Yes.  I think you would be most concerned Cyraqs as it involves 
someone you...know quite well."  he sounded almost amused.

<Saint Sasami-Tenchi Muyo soundtrack>

        Cyraqs raised an eyebrow, then his jaw dropped to the floor as a 
beautiful goddess with water-blue hair strode in the room.
        Tenchi scooped up Cyraqs mouth, and closed it.  Then he started 
laughing hard.
        Tsunami strode purposely toward Cyraqs and, once in range, drew 
him in for a long kiss.  Which he managed to reciprocate with great 
enthusiasm.  If she thinks that's going to embarrass me she's got 
another thing coming.  Then again I'm adaptable.
        I could stay like this forever, he thought in bliss.  However the 
analytical part of his mind wondered how long she planed to hold this.  
He told the analytical part of his mind to shut up.  For once it did.
        Those assembled gave another cheer, when they saw this.  "'Bout 
time." One beside Tenchi said.  To which he could only agree.
        "I could get used to that." he said after they (finally) broke 
away from each other.
        "That's funny. I already was."  The implication in her words his 
mind wouldn't dedicate itself to compute.  For many reasons.
        "So what's going on?" he asked, changing the subject.
        <I'll tell you everything later.  For now I must give these guys 
what I know.  Edited version.>
        With that she proceeded to tell those assembled of the recent 
threat she and her children had been facing, sans the part about Tokimi.  
You should have seen the frowns on their faces (which were nothing 
compared to the dark expressions on Tenchi and Cyraqs').
        "Can I have your help in this?" she asked as she finished.
        "You helped us during the wars of the Djinn, and enabled us to 
win.  Long have I awaited the opportunity to return the favor.  Even if 
we did not owe you anything I would always help you.  MY HAMMER IS 
YOURS!"  Raiden said without hesitation, and slammed his war hammer on 
the table in emphasis.  The rest quickly echoed this sentiment.
        "Thank you." she said demurely.  I hope this is enough, but even 
the forces assembled here will be hard pressed to match what will be 
coming at them.  <And now let us return to my spaceship, and I will tell 
you the rest.> she told Cyraqs and vanished.
        "I thought you said only we could get here." Tenchi observed 
sarcastically.
        "Or those we let in.  Besides which SHE always has access here."  
And that lady is always causing me problems.  Why didn't she just come 
to me, and I would have taken care of it.  Then again considering what 
has been happening I don't know that I wouldn't have taken the chance 
and informed those hot heads.  God why did I have to fall for 
her...don't answer that.
        For the most part those gathered here vanished, and, following 
suit, so did Tenchi and Cyraqs.  They reappeared on Tsunami's bridge.
        <So who were those guys?> Tenchi asked.
        <Our employers.>
        Tenchi was very puzzled.  <Our employers?>
        <G, Louis Cypher.  Word play Tenchi.  You figure it out.>
        It took him a minute, but when he realized what Cyraqs 
meant...<Are you serious?>
        Cyraqs looked at him in disgust.  "As a heart attack."

                                                *

        Cyraqs had informed his brother the previous day that they were 
coming home.  The reason they waited a day was, that Tenchi was 
having...problems.
        "I'm telling you Tenchi, it can be controlled." Cyraqs said trying 
to placate him.
        "I don't know!  As soon as I even think about them, I get 
overwhelmed, by a feeling of sheer lust.  It was hard before, now 
it's...it's..."
        "Bad, I know."  He grinned.
        Tenchi looked at him angrily, "That is a FUCKING UNDERSTATEMENT!"
        "Consider this a test then of your new abilities.  Can you control 
it?" he smiled baring his fangs.
        Tenchi gave him a look that promised a slow and painful demise.
        <It's not like you don't have problems controlling it.>  Tsunami 
told him smugly.
        Cyraqs glanced at her in amusement.  <And you don't?>
        She blinked.  <This is about you, not me.>
        He only grinned in reply.
        
        The next day.
        Not even making a sound the two of them appeared.
        Tenchi had changed a lot.  He had a look about him.  The look of 
someone who had just done the impossible and lived to tell about it.  
That and he was wearing sunglasses a lot like Cyraqs'.
        He looked at those assembled before him.  His grandfather looked 
at him proudly, and he smiled back.  I wonder if I should tell him I can 
see through the illusion now?  Naa.
        There was someone there he didn't recognize.  <I'm Kiyone.  What's 
up?> she asked him telepathically.
        <Not much.> he smiled.  <So I take it you are Mihoshi's partner 
she told us about?>  she smiled in reply. <Aren't you supposed to be 
dead?>
        <I get that a lot.  I'll tell you the story later.> she said 
putting an arm on Katsuhito for support.
        That surprised him, but it also made him chuckle when he thought 
about what Asahi might do if she saw that and was here.  Your turn to 
feel the pain now grandpa, he thought evilly.
        His gaze moved to Mihoshi and Ryuken.  They were close; almost but 
not quite touching.  It also seemed to him that he was behaving a little 
protectively towards her.  Something had happened between those two 
obviously.  Good for you Mihoshi.
        Then his gaze moved toward Ayeka and Ryouko (Sasami was hugging 
Cyraqs at the moment and Ryo-ohki was hugging him).
        They both wanted to come into his arms, but were stopping 
themselves.  As they had promised they were still giving him space.  It 
was all he could do keep from rushing to them.  Not yet he told himself.  
One last thing to do yet, then I can figure out you two.
        <Cyraqs-sensei?>
        <I'm not that to you anymore.>
        Tenchi smiled. <Yes, but you can still answer questions.>
        <True.>
        <Is it always this hard?>
        <Yes, but you learn to deal with it after awhile.>
        <Must suck after a few centuries.>
        <To put it mildly.>
        Suddenly both felt another presence enter the area, and both 
turned to see a spot of light descending toward their general area.
        As it landed it coalesced into the forms of Washuu and Hayes.  
Finally back.  They were holding hands, and a ring was on Washuu's hand 
that was not there before.  Washuu was also in her adult form, and was 
smiling demurely.
        Hayes no longer looked like a burnt out husk of a man; he had 
regained his incredible power.  Though his hair was still as white as 
his eldest son's it was no longer faded and stringy, and he was clean 
shaven.  Not to mention he had the happiest most shit-eating grin they 
had ever seen on someone.
        Cyraqs chuckled, then laughed, then laughed hard.  To be joined by 
Ryuken and Tenchi when they saw this.
        <Hey Cyraqs; why does stuff like this happen all at once?>
        <Got me Tenchi.  Got me.>

                                        *

        <<Are you sure about this?>>  Tokimi asked.
        Tetran serendipitously looked at the surrounding of Tokimi's 
personal dimension.  It was mostly a void except for a table with a 
model of Tsunami and Washuu on it, a very comfortable looking chair, and 
a recording of Tenchi using his powers to free himself, Ayeka, and 
Mihoshi from the black hole playing over and over again.  This place 
mirrors her desires.  An interesting look into her soul.  "Absolutely."
        <<I'm not sure I understand.>>
        "It's simple.  We are powerful true.  As strong if not stronger 
than most gods in some respects.  However we also retain a lot of our 
mortal traits.  Traits that are amplified beyond belief when we come 
into our full power."
        <<So how is that to my advantage?  Now all I have is a new and  
incredibly powerful adversary.>>
        "Not necessarily." he explained with a smile, "You see the power 
in and of itself is a weakness."
        <<Meaning?>>
        "It amplifies everything.  ESPECIALLY the passions.  It takes many 
years for one of us to learn to fully control those.  It's almost 
unbearable when we first come into those powers."  he started grinning 
slyly then, "So attack him on that level, and he is yours.  I don't 
think you have too much objection to that, do you?"
        If she had capillaries, she would be blushing.  <<That is none of 
your concern.>> she paused, <<Are you sure?>>
        "Let me put it to you bluntly; *I* would do you given a ghost of a 
chance.  He only needs a friendly look, and he's yours."  An 
exaggeration, but I hope this gets the point across.
        She smiled, at that thought.  That easy huh?  She also considered 
his not so blatant offer.  Shrugging to herself she thought, why not?  
It would only whet her appetite for the one she was really after 
anyway; making it that much more pleasent.
        She brought herself down to a level to where she could interact 
with him; almost completely without clothing.  That's what we would 
perceive anyway.
        He smiled faintly.  "So I take it the lady requires something?"
        <<Pleasure.>>  She pulled him to her.  <<It is something I desire 
now.>>
        "I see.  Why not ask D3 then?"
        <<He is skilled, true; but he thinks too much of it.  Now give me 
what I desire.>>
        He grinned as she brought her lips to his.  It may be a pain 
sometimes, but this job does have its perks, after all.

<End Theme:  Dreams-Vanhalen>

End 13

Authors Afterward:  FYI:  The universe is infinite, and is composed of 
many realms; what some call dimensions, and others call realities.  The 
multiverse is composed of the infinite variations of this universe and 
the omniverse is composed of the universes where the laws of physics are 
very different, and their infinite variations.  I hope that clears that 
up.  C&C are always welcome.  I'm at nolendr@boxer.navy.mil.  Next 
episode:  Heaven and Earth; Love and Honor. (ROCK ON!)