Hiroshi
Part 9:The Party part 2:Kiyone Discovers Something and Kaori Explains
Herself
By Around the Fur

    Here's the second part to the party mini-series.  In this one,Kiyone
sees
a side of Mihoshi she's never seen,and Kaori gives everybody her
explaination.  Some lime content,so turn back if you're under 18.

On board Ryo-ou...

    The party had been going on fairly well.  Until Mihoshi got sick from
some bad dip,but everything evened out.  Now Mihoshi was in the Yagami with
Kiyone,who had taken it upon herself to take care of her partner.
    "How do you feel now?" Kiyone asked Mihoshi,who was laying down on her
bed in her room.
    "A lot better.  That stuff Hiroshi gave me really worked!" Mihoshi said
with a smile.
    "Well,that's good.  Let's go back to the party now."Kiyone said as she
got up and headed for the door.
    "Wait," Mihoshi said as she sat up,"Uh,Kiyone?"
    "Yes?"
    "W-would you mind i-if I thanked y-you?" Mihoshi asked nervously.
    "No,not at all." Kiyone said as she walked back over to Mihoshi's bed.
The Galaxy Policewoman was quite surprised when Mihoshi leaned forward and
engaged Kiyone in a long passionate kiss.  When the kiss broke,Kiyone leaned
back.
    "I-I'm sorry..." Mihoshi began.
    "Don't be." Kiyone said as she leaned forward.

Back on Ryo-ou...

    "So,you see,I was framed and I broke out of prison using some plastic
explosives hidden as frosting on a cake.  I was chased into space by Kiyone
and Mihoshi,so I decided to fake a crash landing on earth to throw attention
from my escape.  But then I almost ran into your ship when I was headed for
earth,and then Kiyone destroyed part of my ship,so now I have no place to go
because I can't go back to my home planet because of my supposed 'crime',and
I don't know anybody else anywhere,and...and..." Kaori said as she tried to
keep back tears.  Hiroshi caught her as she fell to the side of the couch
she
was sitting on.
    "It's okay,I'm sure we'll find room for you at our place,but right after
this party."
    "O-okay,th-thanks Hiroshi." Kaori said,sighing in relief.  At that
moment,Kiyone and Mihoshi walked into the main room.  Kiyone glared at
Hiroshi,who was looking at her angrily.
    "Don't you have something to say to Kaori?" Hiroshi said.
    "Um,uh,I'm...sor...ry?" Kiyone said awkwardly as she stared blankly at
Kaori.  Kaori waved her hand in recognition and parted from Hiroshi,scooting
over to another part of the couch.  Meanwhile,Washuu was sitting alone on
the
other end of the couch(it was very big couch),bored and lonely.,so she moved
over to Hiroshi and leaned into his lap,falling asleep.

Hours later...

    Everybody sat on one side of the great ship,staring into the horizon.
They were on the side which was facing earth.  Hiroshi woke up Washuu as he
watched the sun rise from the top of the earth.  A few minutes
later,everybody was out cold on the floor,sound asleep.

Hours later...

    Everybody was now awake and heading out.  Kiyone and Mihoshi boarded the
Yagami and headed for HQ.  Everybody said their good-byes,and soon the
bright
red ship faded from view.
    "Well,now comes the worst part.  Time to clean up." Ayeka said sadly as
everybody groaned.
    "Eh,no problem." Hiroshi said as he summoned his holo-top and put in a
few calculations.  All of a sudden,all the trash and garbage and things were
gone.  Everyone sighed in relief as they headed back down for earth.
