Hiroshi
Part 12:Hiroshi Leaves...Forever
By Around the Fur

    Well,it had to come to an end eventually.  This is the last part of my
series...for now anyway. Most of these characters belong to Pioneer.
Well,on
with the last part!

Washuu's lab...

    It had been a normal enough day.  It had started out normal enough.
Sasami cooked the world's best breakfast again.  Everyone ate and enjoyed
it,and afterwards,went to their business.  Now Hiroshi sat at his holo-top
on
his floating green pillow,which Washuu had so graceously given him.  A
message repeated itself on Hiroshi's screen.  Hiroshi was slumped over in
disbelief.  The message read

    "Hiroshi,war has broken out on Surosa.  You must join the armed forces
again and help us.  We cannot win without you.  All is lost if you do not
return home.

                    Srg. McGunnismen"

    Washuu had seen it too,and was now sobbing into Hiroshi's shoulder.
Hiroshi had never seen her cry,and was none the happier when he saw her
sobbing.  He had told her that wars on Surosa had lasted 10 years in the
least.  Washuu was grief stricken with this news,and was also forced to
think
the worst:Hiroshi may never come back.
    "Don't worry,I'll be alright.  I've been in a few wars already." Hiroshi
said calmly into Washu's ear.
    "Y-yeah,y-your right.  The least that could happen would b-be that I'll
never see you for another d-decade or two,but,I'll still be here,right?"
Washuu quavered,"But that's still too long!"  Washuu burst into tears again
and fell over into Hiroshi's lap.
    "Tell you what.  I'll give you something to remember me by." Hiroshi
said
as he kissed the top of Washuu's head.  He lifted her head up and locked
into
a kiss with her.  Hiroshi broke the kiss and looked deeply into Washuu's
eyes.  After some fumbing,Hiroshi produced a pendant from a pocket in sub
space.  Washuu stared at it in amazement.  The pendant itself was made up of
a crystal locket attached to a silver chain.  Hiroshi popped the locket open
and inside was a picture of Hiroshi and Washuu.  Tears welled up in Washuu's
eyes as Hiroshi put the locket on her.  Washuu smiled and hugged Hiroshi.
    "Now if you'll excuse me,I have some packing to do." Hiroshi said as he
left Washuu alone in her lab.  A lone tear slid down Washuu's cheek as she
watched her one beloved leave her lab for what would be the last time.

Hours of teary-eyed good-byes later...

    Hiroshi sighed to himself as Ryoka zoomed through space towards
Hiroshi's
home planet,Surosa.  He half-expected for the war to have already broken
out,and that he would have to hurry to H.Q. in order to be able to do
anything.  Just like last time.........

    Well,this is the end of the line.  For now anyway.  Now for a list of
questions I bet you're just dying to ask me.

Q:How can Matsumo be Hiroshi's brother when he's about Sasami's age and
Hiroshi is about Washuu's age?

A:Well,you see,Hiroshi spent most of his life after High School in space,and
according to many laws of physics,if you spend enough time in space,you will
seem older than you actually are.  Hiroshi is just about as old as a college
student in his 6th year at the university.

Q:How did Hiroshi get a cabbit?

A:Hiroshi recieved one for his 11th birthday.  Since then,he and Ryoka have
been on many adventures.  I plan to write a series about Hiroshi's
past,which
will include his adventures with Ryoka,how he encountered a colony of
Masu,and others.

Q:How come you didn't mention Hayate enough?

A:The reason for that is,and to be honest,I forgot about him!  You see,in my
original plan for Hayate,he meets a girl in Tokyo and moves in with her.  I
just didn't aply that with the real thing.  Sorry Hayate!

Q:You seem to be taking the Ayeka/Ryoko cliche too far sometimes.  Why is
that?

A:Because I think they make a cute couple like Aeris and adult
Emerelda(those
"in the know" will know what I'm talking about)^_^

Q:You seem to have no problem writing about Ayeka and Ryoko's wild times,but
you seem almost scared to write about Washuu and Hiroshi.  Why is that?

A:Well,and this is embarrasing,I feel kind of uncomfortable writing about
other uh,male reproductive organs,other than my own,which is odd,considering
Hiroshi is my little SI character(I look exactally like
him,blonde,tall,skinny,etc.).  All of this will be fixed when I start
writting my yaoi addaption of Final Fantasy 7.

Q: WHY DID YOU HAVE MATSUMO DOING SOMETHING THAT HORRIBLE TO
SASAMI?!?!?!?!?!?!?!

A:Hey,it was the pheromonical reaction.  And no,I didn't use that as a plot
device so I could write a mini Sasami lemon.  If you must know,I got the
idea
for the pheremone thingy from this Far Side cartoon about a female bug and
something about pheromonical perfume.

Q:How come you spell Washuu-chan's name with two U's?

A:Because that's how it's spelled^_^

Q:How come you don't use a lot of common Japanese terms,but you say "masu"
instead of "mass"?

A:Well,because unlike many otaku,I'm not very fond of throwing random
Japanese words into everyday English speech.  I believe the word for how I
feel about people like that is unakai(annoying).  If I'm wrong,don't flame
me
or something like that(J00 L03RZ SUXXOR comes to mind).  As for the
mass/masu
thing,as a kid in church,I hated mass,and when I found out another way to
spell masu,I jumped at the idea(just kidding).

    Well,that's the end of the line.  Until next time,gang.  And
remember:Never do something you know you'll regret unless it's too late.
Then you're just screwed.  Usually big time.  Also,don't trouble trouble
until trouble troubles you.
