Hiroshi
Part One:The Coming of Hiroshi
By Around the Fur

    Well,here we go again.  This is my try at a Tenchi Muyo! epic,and well,I
hope it goes right.  My previous works include a five part Final Fantasy
lemon series,but this will add to my resume of fan fics.  All copyright
stuff
here,every and/or most characters herein belong to Pioneer,not me.  So don't
sue me,I'm broke,flat busted,money-less,you get the point.  This is a
continuation of the Tenchi Universe series,not that that really
matters,except for the fact that I chose this one cause it has Kyone in it.
Well,on with the epic!

The Masaki houshold

    It was a peacful day at the Masaki residence,outside anyway.
Inside,Ryoko and Ayeka were waging war over Tenchi,who was hopelessly caught
up in the middle.  Suddenly,the whole house shook,but no one was worried.
They all thought it was just Mihoshi stopping by,but then they realized that
the sound had not come from the lake,but rather the field near the house and
the shrine,and everyone ran outside to see what had landed.  When they had
all gathered around each other(including Katsuhito,who had come down from
the
shrine to see what all the ruckus was),they all stood in front of a ship
that
looked like Ryo-ohki,only it was black with a giant saphire in the middle.
A
minute later,the ship glowed and turned back into it's cabbit form(which was
laying down with the little swirlies in it's eyes),and a man was lying
unconscious on the ground next to the cabbit.  After a little effort lifting
the man and carrying him to the house,the whole group gathered around the
strange man lying down on the couch,who was just waking up.  The black
cabbit
was on the top of the couch above the man,with a little bandage wrapped
around it's head.
    "Wh-where am I?" the man asked as he sat up.
    "You're in Okahama Mr.,uh,Mr." Noboyuki stammered.
    "Hiroshi,Hiroshi Tokoyama,what planet am I on?" Hiroshi asked.
    "Earth." Ryoko spoke up.
    "Earth,huh?  By the way,have you seen a black cabbit anywhere?" Hiroshi
asked as Sasami gestured above Hiroshi to the sleeping cabbit.
    "Oh,thanks." Hiroshi said as he gently picked up the cabbit and shook
him
slightly.
    "Wake up Ryoka." Hiroshi whispered into Ryoka's ear.  Ryoka(I know I
know,it's a cheesy name,but give me a break) woke up with a start and looked
around.  The little cabbit growled until Hiroshi tapped him gently on the
head.
    "These people saved our lives,be nice." Hiroshi said sternly.

Hours later......

    Hiroshi was now lifted up in an "x" position in mid-air in Washuu's lab
wondering how he got himself into this.  Washuu had wanted to run some tests
on Hiroshi and Ryoka,and now she had Hiroshi elevated in the air,with all
sorts of wires attached to him and some sort of electrical device on his
head.  Add the fact he was in his boxers,Hiroshi was in his own personal
Hell.
    "Now be still while I test your electrical current." Washuu said with a
sly grin.  She pressed a button and Hiroshi felt a shockwave pulse through
his body.
    "Ouch!" Hiroshi screamed as the evil scientist poked and probed various
parts of Hiroshi's body.

A few hours later.......

    "There,all finished.  You seem to be normal," Washuu said as she pulled
off a glove and ploped down on her floating pillow,"You may leave now."
    Hiroshi signed in relief and promptly left the lab to go look for Ryoka.
The black cabbit was asleep with Ryo-ohki on one of the giant carrot pillows
upstairs.  After finding him,Hiroshi went back down and ploped down on the
couch.  Hiroshi flipped through channels until he noticed Ryoko phase into
the room and sit down next to him.
    "Hello." Ryoko said in a sultry voice,obviously wanting Hiroshi to
notice
her.
    "Hi." Hiroshi said nonchalantly and went back to channel flipping..
Ryoko pouted at the reaction and went off to find Tenchi.  Washuu came out
of
her lab to get a snack,but when she noticed Hiroshi,she sat down on the
couch
and nudged closer to him.  Hiroshi nudged away from Washuu and continued
flipping through channels.
    "Hmph." Washuu pouted.
    "What?" Hiroshi said as he looked at Washuu.
    "Can't you even tell when someone's trying to get your attention?"
Washuu
spat.
    "Oh,uh,sorry." Hiroshi said timidly as he focused on one channel.
    "Grrrr," Washuu growled as she picked Hiroshi up by the hand and dragged
him to her lab,"I need your help."

Lateer that day.........

    "What exactally was the point in this again?" Hiroshi said as he picked
up some more heavy boxes and placed them in the storage area.
    "The point was to test your strength,and you turned out pretty
well,besides,I needed a big strong man to move these heavy boxes...  Now
lets
take a break," Washuu said as she sat down on her floating pillow
again,"C'mere!"
    Hiroshi groaned as he slumped over to Washuu.  Washuu pecked Hiroshi on
the cheek.
    "Good boy,now sit down." Washuu said as she directed to a green pillow
floating next to Washuu's red one.
    *I don't like where this is going* Hiroshi thought to himself as Washuu
hugged him as he sat down on the velvet green pillow.  Washuu pinched
Hiroshi
on a certain part of his shoulder as he slumped to the ground unconscious.

Later...

    Hiroshi woke up in a serene field of green grass near a pond.
    "Where the hell am I?" Hiroshi asked as he rubbed his shoulder
abscent-mindedly,"And why does my shoulder hurt?"
    "Sorry about that my darling,but I had to do something to get that last
sample." Washuu said as she giggled lightly.
    "You mean...You...Took...Some...Uh,nevermind." Hiroshi said as he rubbed
the back of his head,which was hurting too.
    "I thought this scene might cheer you up a bit after you woke up."
Washuu
said as she pressed a button on her see-thru laptop and the scene changed
back to that of a lab.  Hiroshi shrugged and attempted to get up,only to
find
himself being lifted in the air again.  Hiroshi sighed in annoyment as
Washuu
leaned on Hiroshi,laying her head on his stomach.  Ryoka walked into the lab
just as Washuu had lifed Hiroshi up,but found himself(yes,Ryoka is a male
cabbit,just wanted to clear that up) limited to sitting in the shadows as
opposed to attacking in defense.
    "Why do you try to avoid me?" Washuu aske dinncently enough.
    "Well,uh,you see...I'm not trying to avoid you,it's just that I hardly
know you." Hiroshi confesed.
    "Oh,well,I guess that's okay." Washuu pouted as she snapped her fingers
and Hiroshi nimbly landed on his feet.  Hiroshi walked out and picked up
Ryoka on the way out.
    "I'll give him a week," Washuu said to herself,"JUST a week."  Washuu
cackled evilly as she went back to her experiments.

Well!  That concludes the first part.  I know it's a little short,but I was
in a hurry.  The next part will be longer,I promise!
