Hiroshi
Part 4:Ayeka Runs an Errand and A New Member of the Household
By Around the Fur

    All copyright stuff here.  Pioneer owns most of the content of this fan
fic.

The Masaki residence...

    Washuu walked out of her lab and walked into the t.v. room,where Ayeka
was watching t.v. with Ryoko.
    "Hiroshi wants to see you,Ayeka." Washuu reported.  Ayeka,who was very
puzzled,walked into Washuu's lab,where Hiroshi was sitting on his floating
green pillow,only his leg was propped up and in a cast.
    "Ah,good.  Ayeka,I need you to go to a friends house.  He's sick and I
was supposed to go,but..." Hiroshi gestured to his leg,"Anyway,he can't get
out of bed and he needs someone to give him his medicine."
    "Why did you choose me?" Ayeka asked.  Hiroshi gestured to a dart board
with a dart through Ayeka's name.  Ayeka chuckled nervously and turned back
to Hiroshi.
    "Ryoka wil take you there and help you with everything.  You can leave
anytime,but please hurry." Hiroshi pleaded.
    "Alright,I'll do it." Ayeka said with a heavy sigh.  Hiroshi gestured
with his hand and Ryoka walked out.  The small cabbit jumped up on Ayeka's
shoulder and the two walked out.  Hiroshi soon heard the sound of Ryoka
taking off,and relaxed while Washuu walked in with sandwiches.

out in the deep reaches of space...

    Ayeka sighed and leaned back in the pilot's seat.  A crystal with
Ryoka's
face in it floated over to her.
    "Mreow?" it mewed lightly.
    "No,it's just that I would rather be with...never mind." Ayeka quickly
covered up.
    "Mreow,meow meow meow mew mreeow!" the crystal replied.
    "Y-you mean you know about Ryoko and me?" Ayeka replied with a bit of
fright in her voice.  The crystal nodded(well,as best it could).
    "Mew meow meow mew mreow meow meow meow mreooow!" the crystal
said(translation:Don't worry,I won't tell anyone,besides,Hiroshi and Washuu
already know,but they wont tell anyone).  Ayeka sighed again as the
spaceship
neared a greenish planet.  Ryoka touched down in a very American-like
neighborhood in a large back yard.  Ayeka got out and Ryoka turned back into
his cabbit shape.  Ryoka guided Ayeka through the house and into a bedroom
with a person laying down on a bed.
    "Who's there?" the person asked.  Ryoka mewed in response.
    "Oh,hi Ryoka,who's that with you?" the person asked again.
    "I'm Ayeka,crown princess of Jurai.  And you are?" Ayeka responded.
    "Hayate Musasho,pleased to meet you your highness.  What are you doing
here anyway?" Hayate asked.
    "I'm a friend of Hiroshi." Ayeka answered.
    "Oh,well,could you hand me that bottle over there,please?" Hayate asked.
    "Oh,sure.  Here." Ayeka said as she handed Hayate a small orange bottle.
Ryoka walked in in his humanoid form with a glass of water in his hand.
Ryoka handed Hayate the glass and Hayate gulped two pills down.
    "That'll be all,thanks." Hayate said.  Ryoka gestured for Ayeka to
leave,so the princess of Jurai followed.  Ayeka visited once a week for a
few
months,giving Hayate his medicine,and,eventually,Hayate was healed and was
able to get out of bed.  Ayeka looked at Hayate's body.  Despite being a
little stinky,Hayate was an alright kind of guy.  He had black hair in an
odd
shaped spiked design a little like Hiroshi's,only shorter and tilted a
little
bit upward instead of a downward spiked design.  Ayeka said her goodbyes and
left Hayate to fend for himself.

A few weeks later...

    Ayeka decided to visit Hayate after Hiroshi's leg had healed.  When the
two got there,Hayate was sitting next to a pile of rubble.
    "What happened here?" Hiroshi asked.
    "Well,I stepped outside to go get the mail and,well,when I started
walking back,a giant laser hit my house and it blew up!" Hayate said as he
stood up.  Ayeka felt sorry for him and made a suggestion.
    "Maybe you can stay with us?" she said.
    "That would be great!" Hayate said exitedly.
    "We'll have to check with Noboyuki first." Hiroshi reminded Ayeka.
    "Oh,yeah.  Well,better check." Ayeka said with a slight sigh.  Hayate
smiled and followed the two to the waiting Ryoka.
    "Mreow?" the ship meowed.
    "I'll explain later." Hiroshi said as the three boarded the ship.
At the Masaki household...


    "Check." Noboyuki said as he slid his bishop across the chess board.
Yosho growled and moved his king,his only remaining piece,carefully in
place.
 Just at that moment,Hiroshi,Ayeka,and Hayate walked in.  Noboyuki turned
around to see who it was.  Yosho switched the board around so that he was
winning.  Noboyuki turned back around.
    "What the hell?" Noboyuki said as he examined the chess board.
    "Checkmate." Yosho said.

In Washuu's lab...

    Washuu had agreed to make an interdimentional room for Hayate,but on one
condition.  Washuu was allowed to examine Hayate.  Now Hayate was lifted up
in the air with wires and tubes and such sticking on his body.  Washuu had
some apparent need for her subjects to be in their boxers,but neither Hayate
nor Hiroshi ever thought of it.  After a long day of examining,Hayate
retired
to his room.  Hiroshi walked into the lab and sat down next to Washuu on his
floating pillow.
    "So,got anything planned today?" Hiroshi asked dully.  Washuu leaned on
Hiroshi.
    "No,I'm bored." Washuu said as she stood up.  Hiroshi ignored her and
went back to work on his theory of how a mouse's colon is affected by
cabbage
in space.  Now all he needed was a mouse and to be in space.  Washuu growled
angrilly and left.  On her way up to Hiroshi's room,she heard moaning noises
coming from Ryoko's room.  Washuu snickered and kept going,trying her best
not to get a nosebleed.  Washuu walked past Hayate's new room,where she
heard
more moaning.
    "Oh good grief,who's he have in there?" she said to herself.  Overcome
with curiosity(which is odd considering Washuu's well,uh,Washuu),the small
scientist opened the door a crack and peeked inside.  Inside the room,Ayeka
had a whip in her hand and was wearing a leather top,thigh high boots,and
nothing else.  Hayate was tied to a chair and naked and screaming "Let me
out
of here!".  Washuu quickly and silently closed the door.
    "Then who is..." Washuu trailed off as she retraced her steps to Ryoko's
room.  Washuu peeked inside and saw Ryoko with a large green dildo in her
hand,which was between her legs.  Washuu walked to Hiroshi's room,dropped
down on the bed,and almost killed herself laughing.

Hours later...

    Hiroshi yawned.
    "Good night Bobbert." Hiroshi said to Bobbert,the mouse that was being
used for the cabbage in space experiments.  Hiroshi walked out of the lab
and
up to his room.  He opened the door and saw Washuu laying down on his bed.
Hiroshi sighed heavily and shook Washuu lightly.
    "C'mon,wake up." Hiroshi pleaded to the snoozing Washuu.  Washuu
grumbled
and got up.
    "Why'd you wake me up?" Washuu asked sleepily and angrilly.
    "It's time for dinner,that's why." Hiroshi answered as he picked Washuu
up.  Washuu groaned and jumped out of Hiroshi's arms and ran down the stairs
where everyone was already eating.  Washuu grabbed a small plate of ramen
and
rushed inside her lab.  Hiroshi did the same and followed Washuu in.

Inside Washuu's lab...

    "Y'know Washuu,you can't keep eating like this.  Besides,you're
upsetting
Sasami because you're not eating her food,which is very good by the way."
Hiroshi said as he gestured to his plate of sashimi.
    "I know I know.  It's just that well,I have a lot of work to do,and I
also have a lot on my mind." Washuu answered.
    "Well,I'm gonna go watch t.v.,you can come if you want." Hiroshi said as
he got up and left the lab.  Washuu sighed and went back to work.  The
see-through screen on the computer showed blueprints for a new kind of robot
thingy.
