Hiroshi 2
Part one:Hiroshi Returns
By Around the Fur

    Welcome back ladies and gentlemen,boys and girls,but mainly all those who
enjoyed my first series featuring our hero,Hiroshi.  This is something I've
always wanted to do once I finished the first series,but I had to lay it off
for a few months.  Now,like a phoenix from the ashes,Hiroshi has returned to
the lives of the people living in the Masaki household.  This series will be
a lot longer and have a lot more to do with the Hiroshi/Washuu relationship.
Well,without further ado,on with the fic!

The Masaki household,five years since Hiroshi left...

    It was mid winter,and everyone,including Yosho,who had decided to come
down from the shrine,and excluding Washuu,who had shut herself up in her lab
ever since Hiroshi had left,was inside,sipping hot chocolate and tea(not
mixed together...eeeewwwwww).  Sasami stared out a window into the
relentless
blizzard.  For a second,she could've sworn she had seen someone,or something
dart through the 5 feet of snow.  She shook that thought from her head and
tried to think of something else.  Suddenly,there was a knock at the door.
    "I'll get it." Sasami volunteered.  She got up and walked towards the
door as another knock came from the other side.  She opened the door and
shielded her eyes from the blinding snow.  When the wind died down,she
looked
up and nearley fainted.
    "Hello,Little Sasami." A familiar voice said as Sasami rushed towards
him
and nearly squeezed the life out of him.  By now,everyone had gathered
around
the door,and were quite shocked when Hiroshi stepped out of the doorway and
stood before them.  Sasami ran off into Washuu's lab.
    "M-miss Washuu?" Sasami studdered exitedly.
    "What is it Sasami?  I'm very busy right now." Washuu said as Sasami led
her out of her lab.  Washuu looked up and her eyes nearly fell out of her
head.  A smile cracked its way on her face as a tear slid silently down her
cheek.
    "H-Hiroshi..." Washuu said uneasily as she promptly fainted.  Hiroshi
picked her up and started to carry her off to the lab.
    "I got it covered." Hiroshi said as he dissapeared into the lab,Ryoka
happily following.

Hours later...

    Washuu sleepily woke up in a soft bed.  She sat up and looked around.
She saw Hiroshi get up from his chair at the oppoite side of the end and
walk
over.
    "H-Hiroshi?  I-is that you?" Washuu asked,hoping this wasn't a dream.
    "Yes.  It is." Hiroshi said calmly as he sat down next to Washuu.
    "Oh Hiroshi!  I missed you so much!" Washuu exclaimed as she threw her
arms around Hiroshi.
    "Let's go see the others now." Hiroshi said as Washuu followed.  They
walked out of the lab and into the living room,prompting the whole gang to
rush towards them.
    "Whoa!  Hey,hold on now!" Hiroshi said as he made his way to the couch.
He plopped down on it and looked around at the faces of his friends.  Sasami
had aged a lot since he last saw her.  Now she was a lot taller and
more...er...developed.  She had also gotten rid of her pigtails in favor of
a
single,braided ponytail.  Next Hiroshi saw Noboyuki,who had changed
little,save for his newly grown goatee,and Katsuhito,who still looked as old
as ever,only his beard was a little longer.  Next came Ryoko and Ayeka,who
both showed little signs of aging.  Then he saw Tenchi,who had grown taller
and had started to grow a moustache,just like his dad,only his was a lot
thinner and less stupid-looking.  Hiroshi sighed to himself and took in all
the questions the gang threw at him.  After a little explaining,Hiroshi had
managed to tell them that the war had only lasted five years because,in what
seemed to be the darkest hour,a meteorite seemed to come out of nowhere and
wipe out the entire Imperial armed forces.  Hiroshi was then told that Kaori
and Hayate had left together to live in a country called "Brazil".  He had
also gotten word that Mihoshi and Kiyone were finally promoted and now their
visits are more scarce,although they still swing by sometimes.  Matsumo was
still his old self,save for the abundance of facial hair and his imposing
height,which made him almost as tall as Hiroshi.  Washuu ran up and hugged
him again.
    "I still can't believe you're actually back!" she exclaimed in sheer
happiness.  Everyone went back to what they were doing.  Ryoko was sipping
sake and reading the latest doujin on her support beam on the ceiling,Ayeka
doing the same,sans sake,and she was on the couch.  Tenchi went back to his
heated game of chess with Katsuhito,Noboyuki went back to drawing up plans
for his new project,and Sasami went back to feeding Ryo-ohki carrots that
had
been soaked in hot chocolate while Matsumo whispered something into Sasami's
ear,causing the princess of Jurai to blush profusely.  The t.v. was on,but
nobody paid any attention to the Christmas special on it.  Ryoko giggled
lightly as she sipped sake and was absorbed into her doujin,which was
starting to give her ideas about her and Ayeka.  Ryoko murmured something
about "Hot Lunch" and phased down to the couch,promptly taking Ayeka by the
hand to her room.
    "You know,Tenchi," Katsuhito said,"chess cultivates the mind,spirit,and
the soul,and we must always cultivate the soul."  Tenchi rolled his eyes at
his gradfather's old ramblings as he moved a single piece and proclaimed
rather flatly,"checkmate".  This had been the 10th time in a row he had
beaten the old man.

In Washuu's lab...

    Washuu and Hiroshi were hard at work,trying to put a few last-minute
finishes on one of Washuu's older inventions.  Washuu looked over at
Hiroshi,and felt that something was different about him.  Then she realized
he had his hair tied back.  Washuu swiped at the knot,undoing it,and
giggled.
    "Much better." Washuu said as she kissed Hiroshi.  Hirohshi just sighed
and went back to work.  Washuu remembered his hair being much shorter,but
five years away without someone to cut your hair will do that to you.
Washuu
looked into Hiroshi's eyes,barely visible under his long,thin hair.  She
hadn't seen those eyes in five long years.
    "Hey Washuu?" Hiroshi said,turning from his work.
    "What is it Hiroshi?" Washuu said.
    "What ever happened to GIR?" Hiroshi asked.
    "He's over in that corner,collecting dust." Washuu replied.  Hiroshi got
up and walked over to the deactivated GIR.  He pressed a button on the
little
robots back,and GIR sprang into life.
    "I'm dancing like a monkey!" GIR shouted as he ran around dancing like a
monkey.  Hiroshi chuckled and went back to work.
    "So what're we working on anyway?" Hiroshi asked,ignoring GIR's cries of
"I'm naked!".
    "Well,I was working on reactivating one of my first inventions,a
bio-android.  I had to shut her down for certain purposes." Washuu said
sadly.
    "Oh.  Well,let's get to work." Hiroshi went to work as Washuu walked
off,returning a few minutes later with a giant silver pod.
    "Do me a favor and plug this into the pod." Washuu said,handing Hiroshi
a
long tube-like structure that was attatched to a container marked with
Washuu's stamp of approval and a plate that said "Washuu's All Around Life
Giving Blood Substitute" with a picture of a smiling Washuu cartoon on it.
The liquid began to pump into the pod,slowly emptying itself.  Washuu shut
it
off and released the hatches on the sides of the pod.  A person,or what
looked like a person at least,sat up.  She had long silver hair and a
somewhat thin face.  She got up and out of her pod,standing before Washuu.
    "Hello,Miss Washuu." the android said in a very accurate human voice.
    "Hello,Cecilia.  It's so nice to see you again." Washuu said.  Cecilia
looked over at Hiroshi and gasped before leaping back and firing a barage of
missiles from her fingertips.
    "Intruder detected!  Initiating destroying tactics!"  Hiroshi nimbly but
franticly dodge behind a giant machine of somesort.
    "It's okay Cecilia!  He's a friend!" Washuu screamed feverishly.
    "Friend?" Cecilia muttered as Hiroshi walked back to Washuu,"I'm so
sorry!"  Cecilia bowed before Hiroshi.
    "It's okay," Hiroshi said nonchalantly,"So why did you invent Cecilia
anyway,Washuu?"
    "I had built her to be my maid,in case the lab got too dirty,but one day
one of her circuits must have blown and she went haywire.  I fixed her and
sealed her in this pod,for safety.  I was going to release her,but a week
later was the day Kagato kidnapped me.  She's been asleep ever since."
Washuu
unfolded.  Cecilia nodded in consent.
    "Hey Washuu,I need to go on a trip in a few days,you want to come with
me?" Hiroshi asked.
    "Sure,but who will look after the lab?" Washuu asked dumbly.  Cecilia
jumped up and down.
    "Me!  I can look after it!" Cecilia exclaimed.
    "Let's see now...Who can we get to look after the lab?" Hiroshi asked
teasingly.
    "Me!  I can!"
    "Hmmmm.  Alright,Cecilia,you can look after the lab while we're gone."
Washuu asured her.
    "Alright!" Cecilia exclaimed as she leaped into the air.
    "Well,Washuu,let's start packing.  We leave tommorow." Hiroshi said.
    "I thought you said in a few days?"
    "Well,we're going to have to rush now that two people are coming."
    "Alright,let's go." Hiroshi said as he and Washuu walked off.

    Well, that's it for the first part.  Tell me what you think at
Foxsmarty@aol.com.  By the way,AOL sucks,never EVER use it.