Hiroshi
Part 3:Washuu's lonely(or Hiroshi leaves Temporarilly)
By Around the Fur

    All copyright stuff things right here.  Most characters and character
designs belong to Pioneer.  Some material should only be read by peoples 18
and older,even though this might turn out to be more of a lime than a lemon.
Better safe than sorry.

The Masaki household...

    Washuu kissed Hiroshi as he lifted his pack and threw Ryoka into the
air,prompting the cabbit to turn into his spaceship form.
    "I'll be back in a few days or so." Hiroshi said as he jumped up and
dissapeared into the ship.  Ryoka blasted off and Washuu was left standing
alone.  Ryo-ohki walked up next to her.
    "Mreow?" she mewed.
    "Yes,very lonely." Washuu said with a sigh as she went back in and
slammed the door to her lab.  Ryo-ohki mewed lightly and went into the
kitchen.

In Washuu's lab...

    Washu sighed and kicked back on her floating pillow,making her fall down
head-first onto the ground.
    "Ouch.  I've really gotta make a head rest for this thing." she said as
she stood up and dusted herself off.  Seeing as she had nothing to do,Washuu
walked out of her lab and into the den,where Ryoko,Ayeka,Sasami,and Ryo-ohki
were watching t.v.  Washuu sighed and plopped down and joined them.  After a
while of t.v.,Washuu went back into her lab,this time carrying a bag of crab
flavored chips(hey,she likes crabs so much,why not?).  The Chibi-Washuu bots
popped up and pipped in.
    "What's the matter Washuu?" Chibi-Washuu A said in that high pitched and
childish voice.
    "You're lonely,aren't you?" Chibi-Washuu B said.  Washuu nodded and sat
down on her floating pillow.
    "Wait a second,I only programmed you to encourage me!" Washuu yelled.
    "Hiroshi implanted a chip in us that gave us a free will." Chibi-Washuu
A
said.
    "Oh,that would explain a lot of things." Washuu said.
    "Maybe you should consider 'self entertainment'." Chibi-Washuu B
suggested.  Washuu turned to the chibi-robo her and gave it a weak
smile,then
she cringed and went back to work that didn't need to be done.  After a few
hours,Washuu got bored,and,influened by Chibi-Washuu B,the petite scientist
pressed a button on her see-through lap top and the scenery changed from
that
of a lab to that of a bedroom.  She was about to take her skirt off when
suddenly,there was a knock at the intergalactic door-way and Washuu switched
the scene back to a lab.  She opened the door and a bloody Hiroshi staggered
in,covered with scratches,scrapes,and other various injuries.
    "Damn Sailor Scouts," Hiroshi muttered to himself,"At least they're
dead."  Washuu caught Hiroshi as he was about to fall,and got some robots to
carry him off to the infirmary.

Hours later...

    Washuu,dressed in a pink nurse's outfit,fed Hiroshi some applesauce.
Hiroshi was pretty much useless in his current state.  He had a dislocated
elbow,a few broken ribs,a sprained ankle,a few cuts and scrapes along his
face,and so on and so on and so on...

Weeks and weeks of intensive healing therapy and medication later...

    Hiroshi was still injured,but he only had a limp and a few scratches.
For the rest of the week,Washuu monitored Hiroshi just to make sure he
didn't
pick up any diseases and such.

    End chapter 3.  This turned out to be a little less than a lime,but
still
funny.
