Hiroshi
Part 11:Mating Season
By Around the Fur

    This one is kinda funny.  None of these characters,except for Hiroshi
and
Ryoka belong to Pioneer.  Some lemon content,so go back if you're under 18.

The Masaki houshold...

    Hiroshi sat at his Green pillow in Washuu's lab.  Washuu had her head in
his lap.  He smiled nervously as he did some reaserch.
    "Ah,here we go!" he said as silently as he could,seeing as Washuu was
asleep.  A screen popped up in thin air,displaying the vital info that
Hiroshi needed.  The screen read the following:

The theory of pheromonical expulsion:

    Alien females not on their home planet experience an added expulsion of
pheromones due to genes infused in their DNA that react seasonally.  This
time has been given the name "in heat",as in the time when cats and dogs of
the same gender go through the same thing.  Aproach a female in this state
with caution,as they will force you into sexual acts you may not want to be
involved in.

    Hiroshi frowned and petted Washuu's head.  Washuu opened her eyes ever
so
slightly,for she was faking sleep.  The pheromonical reaction had already
gotten to her.  She dug her head into Hiroshi's lap,promoting a nervous
laugh
and a bulge to rise in Hiroshi's jeans.  Washuu's laughed to herself and
fell
asleep.

Meanwhile,in Ryoko's room...

    Due to the pheromonical reaction,Ryoko and Ayeka's love making had
increased ten-fold,and now both were laying on Ryoko's bed,gasping for air.
Finally,both calmed down and Ayeka cuddled next to Ryoko.

Back in Washuu's lab...

    Hiroshi brought up a display of the hidden cameras set up in the
house,and almost fell off when he saw the one he set up in his brother's
room.  Sasami was being eaten out,and was quite enjoying it.  Hiroshi
quickly
shut it off,and got up,careful to lay Washuu's head on his green pillow.

Later that day,in the onsen...

    Hiroshi sat down in the warm water and lay his head back on the tile
behind him.
    *Don't worry Hiroshi,it'll pass by tommorow.* Hiroshi thought to
himself.
 He closed his eyes and slowly drifted off into sleep...

Hours later...

    Hiroshi woke up,but not in the onsen.  He looked around and found that
he
was in Washuu's lab on the floor,naked,and tied down.
    "Alright Washuu,I know what you're up to,so you can quit now!" Hiroshi
yelled as Washuu walked out of some shadows,the most inocent look ever on
her
face.
    "Who,me?" Washuu said,pointing at herself.

Hours upon hours later...

Hiroshi lay asleep,Washuu on top of him.  Washuu giggled and got up,getting
dressed as she did.  She sat down wearily on her red pillow,dressed only in
a
long blouse that reached down to her knees,and a pair of Hiroshi's socks,and
pressed a button on her holo-top.  A window popped up and Washuu pressed
another button.  A movie started to play,and Washuu was very glad that she
remembered the security cameras set up throughout her lab.
