Hiroshi
Part Five:Say Hello to GIR
By Around the Fur

    All copyright stuff here.  Most and/or all characters belong to Pioneer
and other companies,so please don't sue me.  This chapter is actually pretty
funny.  I got the idea from a cartoon I watched.  Try to guess from what
cartoon,and e-mail me a Foxsmarty@aol.com with your answer,I'll see what I
can scrape up as a prize.  Anyway,on with the chapter!

The Masaki residence...

    It was late morning,and Ayeka had gotten up to help Sasami with the
breakfast dishes,feeling very reluctant to leave her position with Ryoko in
her room.  Ayeka sighed as she continued rubbing a dish with a towel.
Suddenly,the ground began to shake,and Ayeka sighed when she realized it was
only Mihoshi,who had been on vacation after the Kagato incident.

Hours later...

    Mihoshi sat on the couch wrapped in a towel,soaked from head to toe.
All
of a sudden,the GP's watch went off.
    "Oh,no!  Who is it this time?" Mihoshi exclaimed.  Mihoshi followed the
watch's direction and finally bumped into Hiroshi.
    "Oh great,it's broken again." Mihoshi said,tears forming at the corners
of her eyes.
    "Detective Mihoshi,so good to see you again." Hiroshi said with a slight
smile.
    "You know Mihoshi?" Sasami asked.
    "Why certainly.  As a matter of fact,she shot me down a few times
before,but I've left that job behind me," Hiroshi said with sort of a
reluctant sigh,"Now if you'll excuse me,I have some work to do."  And with
that,Hiroshi turned and walked into Washuu's lab.

Inside Washuu's lab...

    "I think we're just about done." Hiroshi said as he pulled a pair of
goggles off of his head.

Later,when everyone had gathered in Washuu's lab...

    Hiroshi and Washuu stood at the front of the "class",where everyone but
the former were sitting in desks.  Washuu had decided to seperate Ayeka and
Ryoko,what with what happened the last time Washuu demostrated her latest
invention.
    "And now,without further adeu,I give you,GIR!" Hiroshi exclaimed as her
threw the tarpe off and revealed a small robot.  It was shaped like a small
trash can with stubby arms and legs,and it had red,pointy,evil-looking eyes.
Hiroshi proceeded to show off everything GIR could do(note:GIR stands for
Geometrically Intellegent Robot).  Feeling bored,Mihoshi got up and made her
way behind Hiroshi and Washuu,where she saw a big red button on a console
specifically marked "GIR alternating button,do not press.  This means you
Mihoshi!".  Deciding to ignore this,Mihoshi pressed the button,resulting in
a
shock of electricity directed towards GIR.  The shock hit GIR,and the
robot's
eyes turned a pleasent shade of blue and they turned round and circular.
GIR
started to make funny sounds,then is waved it's short arms around and made
an
airplane noise.  Hirohsi felt the giant sweat-drop of nervousness form.
    "And lastly,he can fly." Hiroshi said flatly.  GIR jumped up and blue
flames roared from his legs,for about five seconds.
    "What did you do with all that fuel GIR?" Hiroshi asked.
    "Had to make room for the tuna!" GIR said in a childish squeaky voice as
he lifted his arm and squirted liquid tuna into his mouth.
    "Uh,time for everyone to go now!" Hiroshi said as he pushed everyone
out.
    "What could be wrong with GIR?" Washuu asked.
    "Mihoshi." both said at once very flatly.  Hiroshi sighed and went to
work on GIR.
    "Sometimes I wonder why I try." Washuu said as she pulled on some
goggles.
