Hiroshi
Part 10:Washuu plays around
By Around the Fur

    Well,here's the tenth part to my little saga.  This one involves Washuu
and how she finds that she doesn't need anybody to have fun(hehehe).  Lemon
content,so people under 18 turn back or the lemon police will bust your ass.

In Washuu's lab...

    Washuu was bored.  Matsumo had taken GIR out to play,and Hiroshi was
showing Kaori around the place,leaving Washuu alone.  To add to the
problem,she had nothing to do.  She had already fixed up a room for
Kaori,finished all of her work,and cleaned the lab.  She then jumped up and
remembered something.  Her keyboard needed to be dusted!  Hurrying to her
music studio,Washuu almost knocked down her keyboard.  Then she remembered
she already dusted it five times that day.  Discouraged,Wahsuu walked out of
the music studio and headed back to her floating pillow  and ploped down on
it.  The pillow suddenly dropped to the floor,along with Washuu,Who got up
and rubbed her sore backside.  She was having a bad day.  Then an idea
popped
into her head.  A very small and insignifigant idea,but an idea none the
less.  That idea managed to wrap itself around Washuu's mind and made the
small scientist think about nothing else but that one little idea.  Washuu
finally gave in and popped up her holo-top.  She pressed a button and the
scene around her changed to that of a bed.  The bed had very frilly sheets
and a big fluffy comforter,along with equally frilly pillows.  Washuu sat
down on the bed and stared up.  Thoughts filled her head.  Thoughts about
Hiroshi and,oddly enough,Ryoko.  She thought about her little daughter.  So
cute and care free.  Washuu shook her head and sat up.  Then that idea began
to come back to her,and the young scientist laid back down and nonchalantly
slid a hand down her body,stopping at her crotch.  She moaned in pleasure as
she slowly rubbed the bulge in her panties.  Finding it hard to work around
her clothes,Washuu stripped naked and laid back down on the bed.
Usually,things like this had been the last thing on her mind,ever since she
had Ryoko,but that was for the sake of science,wasn't it?  Washuu shook
those
thoughts,and instead focused on her own pleasure.  Sliding her hand back
down
her body,stopping at her nipples,which grew hard in her palms, she shuddered
in ecstacy as she rubbed her clit.  Moaning as she teased her little pink
knob,she moved further down and slowly inserted a finger into her love
tunnel.  She moaned as she thrust two fingers in at a steady rythm.  Washuu
felt something great rise in her,and in a few minutes,she spilled her juices
all over her hand.  Bringing her hand up and tasting her own juices,Washuu
breathed deeply beacuse she was very tired.  The petite scientist fell
asleep
on the bed,panting from her orgasm.

Hours later...

    Hiroshi walked into the lab,expecting to find Washuu in her usual
spot,but he didn't find her there,so he looked in the music studio,but he
got
the same thing.  Hiroshi,feeling worried,walked into a random part of the
lab
and found Washuu,lying naked on the ground,deep asleep.  A trickle of blood
dripped from Hiroshi's nose.  Hiroshi popped his holo-top up and pressed a
few buttons,resulting in a flash around Washuu,and seconds later,clothes
appeared on Washuu.  He picked her up and laid her down on a bed in his
room,which he had teleported to.  He sighed and went to work in the lab.
