	
	Okay, this is my first lemon fic, so be all upset if it's not 
something you expected. First of all, it's a lesbian fic, between 
Ryoko and Koshiyuki. Tenchi Muyo! is the property of Pioneer LDC, and 
AIC, and this fic is the property of me, Space Pirate Ryoko-chan




	Koshiyuki sighed, and sank down into the hot waters of the Onsen, 
stopping once they reached the base of her neck, and stared upward at 
the sky. She had been trapped here in this dimension for just about a 
month now, and Ryoko was pushing her to the edge of killing everyone.
	But, no, she couldn't do that. Sasami-chan was an excellent cook, 
always going out of her way to prepare the special Jakarian dishes 
that only she could stomach, and always brightening up her day when 
she felt bad. But this time, Sasami couldn't cure this feeling. No, 
this feeling was about Ryoko, and it wasn't anger.
	She'd often had dreams about Ryoko, and they weren't good dreams, 
but they weren't nightmares either. They were dreams about her better 
half and Ryoko, and her better half was a lesbian, always urging to 
get her worser half towards women. She revolved mostly around the 
personality of her worser half, but she was her better half. 
	She hoisted herself up out of the water, and onto the edge of the 
waters, the hot water dripping off every curve of her body. Too many 
times had she dreamt about Ryoko, and now it was getting to her. Hell, 
she couldn't just go out and confess how she felt, Ryoko would never 
speak to her again, much less look at her.
	But it was something about Ryoko's touch...something about her, 
period. Koshiyuki whimpered, and slid her hands down her thighs and 
over her pussy, massaging it gently. It was these kind of thoughts 
that got her awfully wet, and as much as she tried to not think so, it 
was her fault. Koshiyuki ran her fingers over herself, and one at a 
time, slid them in, then took them back out, so all four of her 
fingers were wet.
	She whimpered again, and brought her fingers up to her own lips, 
whispering, "Ryoko..." 

	And she was answered. "Yes?"

	Koshiyuki's eyes widened. Had Ryoko heard her whimpering, and 
even worse, read her thoughts?! Koshiyuki quickly dipped her fingers 
in the water of the spring, and whirled around to try and find Ryoko.

	"Over here," Ryoko called, and Koshiyuki whirled around to find 
Ryoko sitting in the water--or standing, she didn't care--waving to 
her.
	
	"Ryoko, how long have you been here?!"

	"Oh, about ten minutes, why?"

	Good. Maybe she hadn't heard.

	"And what was all that whimpering you were doing for?"

	Damnit. She did. "Umm, well...I..."

	"What? Is Little Koshiyuki having...*gasp* bad thoughts?!"

	"Shut up, Ryoko, and keep your two-bits out of this."

	"Why?" Ryoko whispered in her ear, and when Koshiyuki turned her 
head, she saw Ryoko still in the water. But how could she-? Koshiyuki 
turned her head some more and found--Ryoko?!

	"How the hell-!!" Koshiyuki screamed, and backed far away from 
the duplicate Ryoko.

	"What? You've never seen a duplication trick before?" asked the 
Ryoko in the water.

	"NO!" Koshiyuki snapped, closing her eyes to yell. "Now explain 
yourself, Ryo--mmph!" Koshiyuki began, but was cut off by a pair of 
lips upon hers, and when Koshiyuki opened her eyes, she saw Ryoko.

	"Ryoko!!!" she screamed, and the second Ryoko flew back a foot, 
startled.
	
	"Hey now!" the second Ryoko yelled, and scowled at Koshiyuki.

	"Hey now my foot! Go kiss someone else, but not meeee!"

	The second Ryoko sighed, and the first one teleported beside her 
duplicate. 
	
	"Don't be so sad, Ryoko," Ryoko #1 said, purring. "All she needs 
is a little force, some discipline, and--"

	"I need nothing!" Koshiyuki screamed.

	Both Ryokos glared at her viciously, then both broke into a smile 
at the same time.

	"Ohhh Koshi-chan..." Ryoko #2 purred, and both Ryokos began 
slinking towards her.

	Koshiyuki backed up as much as she could, which wasn't very far, 
for she was backed up against a rock. She squinted her eyes and hoped 
the Ryokos would go away as Ryoko #2 reached her, beginning to lick 
and nibble at Koshiyuki's ear. Ryoko #1 crawled up next, and took 
Koshiyuki's arms, spreading them apart to reveal Koshiyuki's perfectly 
rounded cleavage.
	Ryoko #1 giggled and leaned her head down, placing her mouth over 
Koshiyuki's right breast, suckling on it. Koshiyuki protested, 
squriming, then began to loosen up to the feel of both Ryokos' 
tongues.

	"R-Ryoko..." Koshiyuki stuttered, and let out a tiny whimper.

	Ryoko #1 stopped her suckling and grinned in Koshiyuki's face, 
reaching her hand down and placing it over her own pussy, massaging 
it. Koshiyuki stared into Ryoko's eyes, the seductive look of them 
piercing her heart, her soul.

	"Koshiyuki..." whined Ryoko #1.

	"Unngh?"
	
	"Tell us how much you want us," Ryoko #2 whispered, ceasing her 
licking and nibbling. "And we'll comply."

	"But, I..I..." Koshiyuki stammered, unsure of the answer. Ryoko 
#2 frowned, and slid her hand down Koshiyuki's thigh and over her 
pussy, sliding her index and middle fingers inside. Koshiyuki whined 
at the feeling, and leaned her head back.

	"Come on, Koshi-chan..." Ryoko #2 purred, licking Koshiyuki's 
midrift.

	Koshiyuki brought her head back up and stared down at both 
Ryokos. "R-Ryoko...ahh..." 

	Ryoko #2 bit down gently on what skin she gathered between her 
teeth, and wiggled the fingers inside Koshiyuki.

	"Ohhh...ohhh, Ryoko...can't you read my mind or something?!"

	"No," Ryoko #1 said plainly, "you have to say it."
		
	"But you know I want it," Koshiyuki whined.

	"Oh do we?" Ryoko #2 said.

	"Unnngghh...Ryoko..."

	"Yes?" both Ryokos responded in unison.

	"Oh, Ryoko...fuck me, Ryoko...please!"

	The Ryokos exchanged grins and Ryoko #2 complied, slowly sliding 
her fingers in and out of Koshiyuki, enjoying the wetness as they 
lurched back and forth, then began to pick up pace. Ryoko #1 shifted 
Koshiyuki down to a laying position, and straddled her face, her wet 
pussy hovering over Koshi-chan's mouth.

	"Come on, Koshi-chan," Ryoko #1 cooed, "you know you wanted 
this."

	Koshiyuki whined at the feeling of Ryoko's fingers, and had a 
flashback of her previous mate on Jakar, who was killed in a war. Oh, 
their last night of sex was excellent. It wore him out, but Koshiyuki 
was wetter that night than the waters of the Onsen. (poorly said, but 
hey...) 
	She remembered everything, the gentle touch of his fingers, the 
tip of his cock resting against her pussy, teasing her. Then, without 
warning, he slammed his cock straight into her, until the base touched 
her pussy lips, and grinned at her. She whined out, and weakly smiled 
back, breaking down into squirms and whimpers as he thrusted his hard 
cock in and out of her relentlessly.
	Ryoko #1 noticed the sudden change in Koshiyuki's breathing, and 
was just excited by it as her rapid breaths hit her pussy, sending 
shivers up her spine.
	Ryoko #2 also got a surprise as well, besides the sudden 
tightness of Koshiyuki's pussy. Koshiyuki thought harder, of how her 
mate drilled into her non-stop, then she remembered his words--"Cum 
with me, baby," and they both arched back the best they both could, 
his cock shooting his stream of cum all over her insides, and her 
releasing a load of cum all her own, most of it dripping all over 
their sleeping furs.
	At the same time Koshiyuki cummed in her little dream, however, 
she also did in reality, and didn't notice Ryoko #2's fingers sliding 
out of her. Ryoko #1 also dismounted her and both Ryokos came together 
to form one. Koshiyuki woke up from her dreamland.
	
	"That's it? That's all you're going to do?"

	"Yep. That's all I wanted, was to see if you were eager enough to 
let me fuck you."

	"Then what happens?"

	"We'll see," Ryoko answered, and before Koshiyuki could ask, she 
was gone.



	
