
Tenchi Muyo - "If You Were Here"
By JockoMegane.

Send all comments, critiques and flames to jockomegane@cs.com

LOCATION: Lemon Section.

SYNOPSIS:  Detective Kiyone Makibi isn't too hot on the idea of getting a 
partner, until she meets Mihoshi.  Prequel to "Only A Dream Away."

DISCLAIMER: Tenchi and his bluegrass jug band are owned by Pioneer LDC and AIC, 
and have been stolen from Hiroki Hayashi by his former pal Masaki Kajishima.  
Tough old world, baby.  I am not making any money from this, neither should 
anyone else.

NOTE: This story takes place five years before Nobuyuki and Mihoshi's 
relationship begins, as chronicled in my previous stories "Only A Dream Away" 
and "First Date for Mihoshi and Nobuyuki"  It should also be noted that this 
story is not my best effort.  I apologize now, really I do.  

As usual, anyone who wants to MST this is welcome to.  I only ask to know, and 
to maybe participate.

In the song below, the Chorus is quite obvious, I couldn't come up with anything 
good for Miho-Kiyo to do in between each verse and Chorus of the song.  It is 
what it is.

The title is ripped from a Thompson Twins song title.  In the interest of irony 
the title of this story is from a song, but not the song featured in the story, 
because that title was used in the story this is prequel to.

"Only A Dream Away" is the property of the estate of the late great George 
Harrison and its use here is without permission, but with admiration and great 
humility.  Please don't sue me.  The song is also the theme for Terry Gilliam's 
classic film "Time Bandits."

This story is also a Lemon.  No one under 17 (yeah right, never stopped me) 
should read this, and anyone who doesn't like the idea of Mihoshi and Kiyone 
getting down and randy, get your head examined.

***

	'A partner?' Kiyone Makibi thought as she sat in the Detective Sergeant's 
office at Alpha Prime GP outpost AC-3.  "A partner, sir?" she asked aloud.

	"Yes, Detective Makibi," he smiled as he clicked through her record on his 
terminal.

	Kiyone eyed him cautiously while formulating the proper response, "Sir, 
with all due respect, if I remember correctly my records and evaluations--both 
at the Academy-- and in my past assignments, state that I work best alone."

	The DS looked at her for a moment before returning his attention back to 
the terminal.  "Ah! Yes, I can see that but even the most extreme solitary 
officers have to pull at least *some* experience with a partner."

	Kiyone nodded slowly, "forgive me, I must have forgotten that part of the 
manual."

	"Detective Makibi," the DS smiled, "it's not in the manual."

	"Ah," Kiyone smiled, "another GXPR-54, sir?"  GXPR-54 was a Galaxy Police 
collective name for the occasional "unwritten, but you damn well better do it 
anyway" regulations.

	The man nodded, "I've received word from Personel who your new partner 
shall be," he clicked some more keys, activating a monitor facing Kiyone; the 
face of a saluting young woman in Galaxy Police dress uniform appeared along 
with a name, rank, age, serial number, and other vital statistics.

	Kiyone read the name, "Karamitsu..." she glanced at the DS, "the 
Marshall's grandaughter?!"

	The DS smiled, "Detective third class Mihoshi Karamitsu, just graduated 
from the Academy this last month.  She has extensive field training experience, 
but apparently has some...," he frowned, reading Mihoshi's record, "friction 
with some other officers for...," another frown, "varying reasons."

	"I suppose Personel feels she would benefit from one-on-one partner 
training rather than starting her off in vice, sir?" Kiyone hoped she was not 
being too out of line.

	To her relief, the DS agreed: "Quite correct, Detective Makibi," he 
glanced back at his terminal, "Detective Karamitsu's Academy record is 
fascinating to say the least," he clicked some buttons, some more screens 
appeared on the monitor facing Kiyone.

	Kiyone's brow furrowed, "a perfect 10 on marksmanship during class 
conditions, down to 7.6 in simulated field conditions," she glanced back at the 
DS for a half-second, "and finally down to 6.3 in actual field conditions."

	"She's eager to please, and more than a bit nervous."

	"Obviously," Kiyone remarked dryly.  Generally, a GP Academy graduate 
would only have a difference of 2 points on marksmanship.

	"Academically, she was amazing," the DS sighed, "and her instructors say 
she has fantastic detective skills, her only real problem was 'an occasional 
lack of common sense and clumsiness.'"  He handed Kiyone a file crystal, "that's 
her complete personel file.  The Yagami will continue to be your patrol ship for 
the time being."

	Kiyone nodded, taking the crystal.  She was also pleased with keeping the 
Yagami.  "I'll do my best to be a good partner for Detective Karamitsu, sir," 
she stood, saluted.

	The DS stood, and returned the salute.  "One more thing, Detective 
Makibi."

	"Sir?"

	"Detective Karamitsu has a certain..., umm...how shall I put it?" he 
frowned for a moment, smiled, "a *knack* for things falling into place for her."

	Kiyone regarded the DS for a moment.  "Yes sir, I'll keep that in mind."

	"Dismissed."

***

	Kiyone stood outside the dorm room in the Alpha Prime GP barracks for 
Detective third and second classes.  She had decided that this would be a better 
way to introduce herself to her new partner than a simple transfer order from a 
commanding officer.  So here Kiyone was, quickly reviewing in her mind what she 
would say when the door opened and a mass of golden hair and tanned skin 
collided into her full force. 

	"And never come back!" a female voice screamed from inside the dorm room 
as Kiyone and the girl (who Kiyone correctly surmised was Mihoshi Karamitsu) 
landed against the wall.

	Kiyone, feeling very indignant, first carefully extracted herself from 
behind Mihoshi and after making sure the blonde was all right, marched straight 
into the dorm room.

	Mihoshi's roomate was surprised, to say the least, to find herself 
suddenly being stared down by an irate detective first class.  After soundly 
dressing her down for five minutes, Kiyone openly asked herself if she should 
bring this young woman, a detective third class, up on assault charges.  It was 
then that Mihoshi made her presence known, quite respectfully of a superior, and 
firmly asked Kiyone to let her roomate off the hook, so to speak...

	"It was my fault," Mihoshi kept her eyes on Kiyone, "I accidently spilled 
coffee on her dress uniform."

	Kiyone looked between the contrite blonde and the scared shitless roomate.  
What the fuck indeed.  

	Kiyone stepped up close, nose to nose, with the roomate.  "Look, I don't 
care what she accidently did," her voice was low and venomous, "but I believe 
there is no sight more sickening than a police officer hitting another police 
officer...do...I...make...myself...clear?"

	The roommate nodded quickly, gulped.

	After that, Kiyone made the roommate apologize to Mihoshi.  After that was 
done, Kiyone excused the roomate to go take her dress uniform to be cleaned.  
Mihoshi wanted to help, but Kiyone ordered her to stay put.

	Kiyone indicated a chair at a small study desk, "may I sit, Detective 
Karamitsu?"

	Mihoshi nodded in the affirmative.

	Without preamble, "Detective Karamitsu, by order of the Detective Sergeant 
of this facility I have been assigned you as my patrol partner effective at 1300 
hours tomorrow."

	"A partner?" Mihoshi blinked.

	It was now for the first time that Kiyone was able to really gaze upon 
Mihoshi's features.  'Her file photo does no justice...' the thought came 
unbidden, but Kiyone quickly quashed it, knowing herself to be on duty in all 
senses of the word.  To Kiyone being on duty meant complete and total dedication 
and professionality.  'But, when one has a partner,' Kiyone thought as she 
explained the transfer orders to Mihoshi, 'a closer personal relationship is 
accepted and even encouraged.'

	"So..." Mihoshi smiled, "I'm not going to vice squad?"

	"No," Kiyone tried to match her smile.  Hadn't she just told her as much?

	"And, um, I'm going to be your new patrol partner?"

	Kiyone nodded, "I've just said as much, Detective Karamitsu."

	Mihoshi blinked, "actually, ma'am, you just said 'no.'"

	Kiyone frowned, wondering if she had neglected to notice a Semantics or 
Logic major or minor in Mihoshi's GP Academy transcript.  She shook her head, 
"Anyway, that doesn't matter right now, Mihoshi.  I need you packed and ready to 
leave by 1500 hours tomorrow."  It was so easy, Kiyone realized, to just call 
Mihoshi well...Mihoshi.  Kiyone smiled, "and you can call me Kiyone, from now 
on."

	Mihoshi's eyes sparkled, "You really mean it?!  Oh Detec--I mean, Kiyone, 
I shall do my best to be the best Galaxy Police partner I possibly can be!"

	On the back of Kiyone's head a sweatdrop appeared.

***

	The door slid open revealing spartan, but comfortable quarters inside.  
Slowly, Mihoshi stepped inside, taking a big look around.  Kiyone stood outside 
the threshold.  "It's nothing fancy, but there's a bathroom with a sonic 
shower," she smiled.

	Mihoshi clasped her hands together for a moment, "it's wonderful Kiyone, 
thank you so much!"

	Completely involuntarily a blush crept unto Kiyone's face.  Luckily, 
Mihoshi didn't see it as she was now pacing around her new quarters, checking 
everything out.  She did this for about five minutes before Kiyone called her.  
Truth be told, Kiyone had to call her name several times.

	As they walked back to Yagami's cockpit, Kiyone lightly berated her new 
partner.  "You can't just space out and act like that on duty, Mihoshi."

	Mihoshi nodded, looking down.  "Yes, you're so right Kiyone," the blonde 
said as Kiyone palmed open Yagami's cockpit door.  "I'm sorry," Mihoshi 
apologized, then she gazed around her at the cockpit utterly amazed.

	Kiyone smiled at Mihoshi's reaction, remembering her first time in an 
actual patrol cruiser's cockpit and not one of the dinky one-man fighters the 
Academy trained cadets in.  

	"It's beautiful," Mihoshi breathed.

	"And I'm going to teach you how to fly her."

	Mihoshi gave Kiyone a look, "her?" the blonde asked.

	"Yagami is her name," Kiyone stated proudly, taking her place in the 
pilot's seat.  Noticing that Mihoshi was still enamored with looking at all the 
blinking displays, Kiyone smirked.

	"Mihoshi," she called softly.

	The blonde was still gazing in awe at everything around her.

	"Mihoshi," Kiyone called a little bit louder.

	"Oh?" Mihoshi snapped out of her reverie.  "Oh, I'm so sorry again, 
Kiyone," she bowed.

	"That's okay," Kiyone chuckled, motioning to the co-pilot's seat.

	From there, Kiyone's basic explanation of some of the more complex 
controls went well.  In about twenty minutes Kiyone decided to try something.  
"You ready to proceed on your first mission, Mihoshi?"

	Mihoshi looked at her, "Kiyone I thought we were under orders to leave 
space dock tomorrow."

	Actually, the orders were given by the Detective Sergeant with the 
flexibility to leave early is Kiyone decided to.  "Oh we can leave whenever we 
want," Kiyone grinned at Mihoshi, "and you can use the piloting experience."

	Or so, that was the plan.  While not being completely incompetent...she 
would probably be absolutely unbelievable in combat situations requiring evasive 
action, but after about an hour of practice Kiyone took the controls from 
Mihoshi and layed in a course for their assigned patrol area.

	And so, that's how their partnership together began.

***

One month later...

	"Mihoshi," Kiyone said as she sat down with her partner for breakfast, "I 
think we ought to discuss what happened yesterday."

	"Yes," Mihoshi agreed.

	Kiyone took a deep calming breath, "when we searched that parole 
violator's ship, you were careless."
	
	Mihoshi was silently gazing into her bowl of cereal.

	"Mihoshi," Kiyone said softly, soothingly, "look at me when I speak to 
you."

	Slowly, Mihoshi raised her eyes to look into Kiyone's.  "There," Kiyone 
said, "you can see that I'm not angry with you."

	"I'm sorry," Mihoshi said.

	"Apology accepted," Kiyone smiled, "but you have to be thorough when 
you're frisking someone and relentless in your questioning."

	The incident being discussed here was the aforementioned search of a 
parole violator's ship where Mihoshi had not searched as vigorously as she 
should have, and didn't question as forcefully as she should have.  Kiyone had 
been busy quickly searching the rest of the ship as per SOP.  It wasn't that 
Mihoshi had done anything glaringly wrong, it's just she left an opening that a 
smart, or desperate, criminal could use to gain the upper hand with a blaster, 
or even something as simple as a straight razor.  Suddenly, a dark knot of fear 
grew in the pit of Kiyone's stomach at the thought of what could happen to 
Mihoshi...

	"Um, Kiyone?" 

	Kiyone's attention snapped back to Mihoshi, "yes?"

	"You were spacing out back there."

	Kiyone threw on a hasty smile to cover her fears, "Hey, I guess we both 
have that problem sometime."

	They laughed lightly at this.

	"Still Mihoshi," Kiyone used the tone that Mihoshi had learned of late 
meant: "Pay attention!"  She continued, "I would not be a good partner if I 
didn't point out your mistakes.  I do that out of respect for the great 
detective I *know* you can become," Kiyone smiled, "from now on after dinner 
we'll spend an hour going over arrest procedures."

	For the next ten months that's how things went.  There was only one 
occasion that Mihoshi screwed up so bad that Kiyone actually shouted at her.  
This was when Mihoshi had inadvertantly gotten drunk while on duty.  Steadily, 
Mihoshi learned from her mistakes and times when Kiyone had to take her aside 
and have "mission reviews" were becoming more and more infrequent. 

	In the eleventh month of Mihoshi's time on the Yagami, Mihoshi seemed to 
have all her i's dotted and her t's crossed.  This was put to the test when 
Kiyone and Mihoshi tracked down and boarded a small frieghter which had just 
pulled a hit and run out of Canopus IV. 

	Once they had boarded the ship, Kiyone went off in one direction chasing 
some punk who opened fire on them at the airlock while Mihoshi proceeded to the 
bridge to place the captain under arrest.  Kiyone got her man--or rather woman--
soon enough and handcuffed her to a conveinant piece of conduit and started to 
quickly check out the rest of the ship.  After a few minutes of finding 
everything secure, Kiyone radioed Mihoshi:

	"Report, Mihoshi."

	[Looks like it was just these two, the captain tried to bribe me into 
letting him go, Kiyone!]

	"Oh?" Kiyone chuckled, "how much did he offer you?"

	[Mmm, let's see...ah, he didn't get to that Kiyone.]

	"Heh," Kiyone glanced down a corridor that went back to the bridge 
cautiously, "typcial; he's probably broke."

	[Um, nope Kiyone.  You see, he pulled a blaster on me.]

	Kiyone froze, began sprinting towards the bridge.  "I'm coming, Mihoshi!" 
she hollered, when Kiyone arrived she found the captain unconcious with a big 
bump on his head.	

	"M-Mihoshi..?" 

	Mihoshi smiled at Kiyone from her place, hunched over the engineer's 
console.  "Yeah Kiyone," she punched in a few commands, powering down the ship's 
engines.

	Kiyone stilled the fear in her, "you said he pulled a blaster on you," she 
cocked her head in the captain's general direction.  Almost in response, he 
groaned.  "Oh, him?" Mihoshi glanced over, "he pulled a small palm blaster--a 
Mizui 27Z--I think it was, I kicked it out of his hand.  He resisted, and I uh 
had to headbutt him."

	Kiyone nodded, a wide smile spreading on her face, "I see our martial arts 
refresher practices are paying off."

	Mihoshi giggled, "golly, they sure are, Kiyone!"

***

	This incident got them both a nice commendation.  To celebrate, they 
docked at Granger IV, and decided to go kareoke bar crawling.  This was their 
favorite way to unwind over the months when they got a chance.  As the months 
passed, Kiyone found it more and more difficult to deceive herself that yes, she 
was looking at Mihoshi probably more than a police partner should, and looking 
forward every morning to seeing Mihoshi's bright smile.

	Quite predictably, this all came to a head on their third night of looking 
for the best kareoke bar on Granger IV.  Mihoshi's choice of music was 
sentimental Jurain love ballads, unrequited love songs, what-have-you, etc.  
While Kiyone greatly enjoyed singing those type of songs with Mihoshi, as with 
other things in their partnership, Kiyone took it upon herself to gently 
introduce Mihoshi to the experiences the wider universe had to offer.

	"All right," Kiyone said as she put the coins into the machine for a new 
song, she then made her selection on the computer touch screen.

	The kareoke room they were in wasn't one of the private ones in one of the 
more expensive joints.  This was more like a sunken cubicle with two couches and 
the console in the center with the microphones.  The monitor was nice and big, 
though, a nice trade-off for the lack of privacy, along with an absolutely kick-
ass selection of songs, as Kiyone had just found out.  After about an hour of 
singing and having a drink here and there, both were in that happy buzz state of 
intoxication so well known to the "gimme another round, barkeep!" crowd.

	Kiyone looked at her partner with determination, "we're going to sing a 
song from a little backwater planet called...um," she thought for a moment, then 
remembered, "Earth!"	
	"Earth?" Mihoshi mused, "but nothing happens there, Kiyone!"

	Kiyone smirked, "how little you know," she handed her partner a microphone 
as she took the other one.  

	"What's the song called, Kiyone?"

	"'Only A Dream Away' by George Harrison," Kiyone smiled as the song began 
playing.  Slowly, pleasant music began to well up around them.  Then, the 
goofiest music Mihoshi had ever heard in her life began.  The blonde was about 
to ask her teal haired partner just what the hell this was, but Kiyone started 
singing.  Loudly, proudly, gracefully...

Oh Ry In Eye Ay - Oh Ry In Eye Ay
Oh Ry In Eye Key Ooh Lay
Ka Kay Ooh Lau Ee - Oh Ry In Eye 
Say Te Lee Ay Vee Show

	Mihoshi laughed at the completely unabashedly absurd chorus, Kiyone smiled 
wider in response, the alcohol making everything sillier.  As the chorus ended, 
Kiyone made sure she was looking straight into Mihoshi's eyes.  

Midnight sunshine silent thunder
Sky as black as day 
Only a dream away

	Mihoshi caught onto the song fast, immediately keying into the rythme of 
the lyrics as she loudly sang the chorus along with Kiyone: 

Oh Ry In Eye Ay - Oh Ry In Eye Ay
Oh Ry In Eye Key Ooh Lay
Ka Kay Ooh Lau Ee - Oh Ry In Eye 
Say Te Lee Ay Vee Show

	Together, they sang the rest of the song together.  Gently, Kiyone found 
herself taking Mihoshi's hand. 

Waking while you're still deep sleeping 
Finding you're not here 
Watching a dream appear
	
Tumbling through a thousand centuries 
You don't know where you'll land 
It's so dark in mythology 
Treasures of history to be found 
Near the legends of time 
All the handiworks remain there 
Only a dream away

Chorus

Greedy feeling wheeling dealing 
Losing what you won 
See the dream come undone
 
Stumble you may with the elementary 
Lucky you got so far 
All you owe is apologies 
Measure the mystery and astound 
Without taking up time 
So the handiworks remain there 
Only a dream away 

Chorus

In out, hot cold, up down, young old 
What a lot to do 
Sharing a dream with you 

Chorus

	The song ended, and the pair collapsed back on the couch, laughing.  "How 
did you ever find that song, Kiyone?"

	Kiyone smiled, "when I was your age, I use to spend hours searching 
through obscure music databases.  Completely by accident I stumbled unto 'Only A 
Dream Away,'" she blushed a little, "I've been thinking of that song quite a bit 
in the last few months, actually..."

	"Why, Kiyone?"

	Kiyone gulped down another mouthful of liquor, "think about the lyrics a 
little Mihoshi..."

	"Umm," Mihoshi thought real hard, the alcohol either making it harder or 
easier, "...because I sleep too much?  The title of the song?"

	Kiyone smiled, sang again softly, "'Stumble you may with the elementary, 
Lucky you got so far.'"

	"'What a lot to do, Sharing a dream with you'?" Mihoshi picked up.

	Kiyone grinned, "but you kept at it.  Stick with it, and march on..." she 
gestured vaguely into the air ahead of them, finding her words oddly affecting. 

	"I'm sorry for being such a burden to you, Kiyone..." Mihoshi looked down.

	Kiyone shook her head, "No, Mihoshi...no, you're hardly a burden.  In 
fact, I'm proud of the excellant officer I've helped train.  When I was first 
told I had to have a partner, I was hesitant because I'd always worked alone..." 
she took another swig of liquor.

	"Why was that, Kiyone?" Mihoshi eyed the drink in her hand.

	"To be perfectly honest," Kiyone began, "I didn't have too many friends at 
the Academy because I was so busy studying," she chuckled, "it's always the 
studying that drives 'em away, ain't it?"

	Mihoshi said nothing.  She also knew from a previous conversation that 
Kiyone was orphaned at the age of twelve and had no other family.  

	"Ever since I graduated and got patrol duty," Kiyone sighed, "I've been 
staying away from people as much as possible.  In some ways it made me a bit 
stuck-up, as in retrospect I was when the Detective Sergeant first said I had to 
pull partner duty for a while."

	Mihoshi knew a bit about this.  She also knew that standard partner duty 
was only for a year--

	"I've already requested permanent assignment with you and Yagami, 
Mihoshi," Kiyone told her.

	Mihoshi's eyes widened, "oh really, Kiyone?  Thank you, thank you, thank 
you," Mihoshi jumped up around the room a little as Kiyone watched happily.

	After a few minutes, the blonde settled down, finding herself back on the 
couch next to Kiyone.  "I love you," Mihoshi whispered, looking deeply into 
Kiyone's eyes.

	Kiyone nodded, "I love you, too," looking down at Mihoshi's hands, she 
clasped them firmly in hers.  Both women thinking the same thing, they embraced 
and kissed.

	After several long kisses of increasing intensity, the two hugged for 
several long moments, both women crying tears of joy and speaking words of love, 
completely oblivious to the fact that other customers could hear them.  When it 
is said they were *speaking* words of love, it should be infered they were 
blubbering these words.  Confessions of love amid drinking will do that.  Kiyone 
had taken Mihoshi's face in her hands and was preparing for another round of 
kissing when they were confronted with a most curious event...

	...they were bodily thrown *out* of the kareoke establishment by the 
manager and two bouncers (bouncers...at a kareoke bar...Kiyone mused later) for 
"making a scene."  Just in one moment Kiyone was about to stick her tongue into 
Mihoshi's sweet mouth again and begin work on fondling her, and in the next 
moment they were hauled up by the bouncers as the manager was saying something 
very fast--then they found themselves on the sidewalk outside as the manager 
shut the door behind them.     

	"Golly Kiyone," Mihoshi hiccuped, "I guess they have a problem with two 
Galaxy Police person's kissing."

	"I suppose," Kiyone said as she gently grasped Mihoshi's hand as both lay 
on the sidewalk.  There was something Kiyone felt she should do, something with 
Mihoshi...and whenever she thought it might be "make love with Mihoshi," all she 
could do was wonder "here on the sidewalk?"  This problem swirled in Kiyone's 
mind over and over, the answer laying just out of reach...

	After several minutes, another thought popped into Kiyone's alcohol and 
love fogged awareness.  "Hey Mihoshi..." she smirked, " do you realize we're 
loitering right now?"

	Mihoshi laughed for about a minute straight, then she sat up.  "Come on, 
Kiyone!  Race you back to Yagami!"

	"That's it!" Kiyone shouted.  The two women sprang up as fast as possible.  
Luckily, they weren't quite drunk enough to pass out or vomit.  And so, for 
reasons that were not apparent to any of them, they began merrily running hand 
in hand in the direction they vaguely remembered the spaceport being in.

***

	After about an hour of running, the two had sobered up and found 
themselves back at the Yagami.  As the hatch closed behind them, the two 
collapsed in an embrace of sweat, tears, and that wonderful feeling left over 
after heavy kissing.

	"I guess," Kiyone said, "we should get out of these clothes..." Mihoshi 
was starting to creep her hand onto Kiyone's crotch.  "Uh, we can skip the 
shower.  My quarters.  Now."

***

	They were able to divest themselves of their civilian clothes quickly 
enough, but as the two women stood in front of each other in their GP regulation 
panties and tank-tops they just gazed soberly into their eyes for a moment not 
quite sure how to proceed.  Kiyone glossed her lips with her tongue as she 
thought of something.

	"Um...Mihoshi," Kiyone asked, "this is your first time, right?"

	"Yes," she began to gently hold Kiyone's hands.  "What about you, Kiyone?"

	Kiyone sighed, remembering a handful of experiences.  "I've had some 
trigger time, nothing to write home about, but I know...what to do," she reached 
up to caress the left side of Mihoshi's face, pushing a stray strand of hair 
back over her ear.  "Such beautiful ears you have, Mihoshi," Kiyone laughed 
idly.

	"What, um, big eyes you have, Kiyone!" Mihoshi giggled.

	"Guess I'm still a little sloshed, aren't I?"

	Mihoshi smiled, not responding.  Deciding to start, Mihoshi leaned in to 
kiss Kiyone again.  Kiyone closed her eyes and accepted with a slight smile.  
This kiss was softer than before, Kiyone noted.  Gently, Mihoshi began to let 
her arms encircle Kiyone's back.  When they came up for air, Mihoshi looked 
straight at Kiyone, "what do I do now, Kiyone?" she asked quietly, blushing; 
adding a slight tinge to her tan features.

	"Hmm," Kiyone smiled, gently reaching out to touch Mihoshi's breasts 
through her undershirt.  "You're a bit overdressed for starters..." she slipped 
her hands up Mihoshi's shirt and cupped her breasts gently.  Mihoshi moaned in 
ecstasy, enjoying Kiyone's hands as they gently slid the undershirt over the 
blonde's impressive hair and threw them across the room.

	"Now you, Kiyone," Mihoshi smiled, reaching out to remove Kiyone's tank 
top.  Once that was done, Mihoshi drew closer to Kiyone and began to cautiously 
touch and feel her partner's breasts.

	"Ah...yes," Kiyone moaned, "that's good..." she smiled at Mihoshi, "but I 
should be the one leading, dear." Mihoshi nodded and allowed Kiyone to go to 
work.

	Kiyone gently bent down, and took one of Mihoshi's nipples into her mouth, 
sucking it gently.  Mihoshi responded with a pleasing series of moans before 
hugging Kiyone tightly, enjoying the sensation.  

	Kiyone gently wiggled out of Mihoshi's embrace, "next," Kiyone slowly 
dropped to her knees, hooking her hands in the waistband of Mihoshi's panties 
and pulling them down.  Mihoshi stepped out of them and looked down at Kiyone 
smiling back up at her.  "Mihoshi, you're standing on my hand."

	"Oh!" Mihoshi jumped back a little.

	"Thank you," Kiyone flexed her fingers a bit before continuing.  Thinking 
back on her past experiences, and wrestling with an increasing amount of 
sobriety, Kiyone decided that a little instruction first-hand would help Mihoshi 
later on.  Kiyone was about to tell this to Mihoshi, but the blonde had other 
ideas first.

	"Kiyone," she sniffed, "what's that smell?"

	Kiyone blinked, "oh--um," she blushed even more, "don't you touch 
yourself, Mihoshi?"

	Mihoshi blushed, looking down at her partner, "Um, sometimes yes," 
realization hit her, "ah, yes!"

	"You'll be saying that a lot more very soon, my love," Kiyone nodded 
towards the bed, "Sit down, Mihoshi."

	She did so, sitting with her hands folded on her knees.  Kiyone moved over 
to the foot of the bed, sitting in front of Mihoshi.  "Spread your legs," she 
whispered.  

	Mihoshi did so.

	"A little wider."

	Mihoshi complied.

	Kiyone inhaled Mihoshi's fragrance, "move closer to me."  Mihoshi's crotch 
was now mere inches from Kiyone's face.  The teal haired woman inhaled her 
partner's musky scent deeply, during this, Mihoshi began gently stroking her 
partner's hair and shoulders.

	"Kiyone..."

	"Yes?"

	"I feel so warm...and *wet* down there," Mihoshi licked her lips.

	Kiyone grinned up at her, "good girl.  Just relax, this is going to be 
just like one of our training drills...just watch, listen, and feel what I'm 
doing.  Do you trust me, my dear?"

	Mihoshi nodded, "are you....going to...to..?"

	 "Yes, I am."  She looked closely at her partner's vagina, its perfect 
blonde hair glistening with its dew.  Kiyone was most pleased that Mihoshi 
didn't shave so much as to leave her with very little hair to enjoy; not too 
much, but not too little.  The hair itself was smooth and fine to the touch, 
Kiyone found out, and only a shade darker than the hair on her lover's head.  
These experimentations were met by an enthusiastic moan from Mihoshi.

	Kiyone gently traced Mihoshi's vagina with her index finger, enjoying the 
moans this elicited.  Gently, she found Mihoshi's clitoris and began to gently 
slip another finger into her, beginning a thrusting motion.

	"Ah!" Mihoshi moaned loudly, "I...usually...do...this."

	Kiyone smiled as Mihoshi grew more wet, adding another finger to her 
thrusting.  "It's a tried and true method, dear!" Kiyone chuckled.  After adding 
a third finger, Kiyone leaned in and began licking and lightly sucking that 
sensitive nub of flesh slowly, and sipping Mihoshi's sweet nectar.

	Mihoshi's orgasm came soon thereafter.  Surprisingly, to Kiyone, it was a 
rather quiet orgasm.  No wild bucking; just a long moan, heavy exhale followed 
by Kiyone getting a nice face wash.

	"Oh my Kiyone," Mihoshi sighed, "that was sooo great," she looked closer 
for a full minute, "why is your face all shiny, Kiyone?" she frowned.

	Kiyone shot Mihoshi a goofy grin, "I love you, Mihoshi, but the way your 
mind works is the Gods' own private mystery."

	Mihoshi accepted the compliment, sliding back in the bed, and reaching out 
to Kiyone.  Her eyes sparkled, dazzling Kiyone.  "I want to make you feel good, 
Kiyone..."

	"Do you want to have a shiny face just like me?" Kiyone gave a wry smirk.

	"Goodie!" Mihoshi beamed, "do I get to...um," blush, "....er, what you 
did, Kiyone?"

	Kiyone smiled deeply, took Mihoshi's hand, stood.  They kissed for several 
long moments, Mihoshi finding her taste on Kiyone's lips quite interesting.  
Mihoshi also took special care and time with Kiyone's breasts, enjoying the 
impressive mounds more and more.  "Now, on the floor like I was, dear," Kiyone 
whispered.

	Mihoshi was soon face to face with Kiyone's regulation white GP panties.  
Cautiously, Mihoshi slid them down and off Kiyone's legs and feasted her eyes on 
her partner's vagina with its teal pubic hair.

	"Kiyone!  It's just like your head only um...different."

	"...yeah, I guess that's a way to put it, Mihoshi."

	Soon Kiyone was guiding Mihoshi through the process of performing oral sex 
on a woman.  Mihoshi was a good student, yes, but it took twice as long for 
Kiyone to come than Mihoshi.  Not that she noticed, in fact, it was the most fun 
Kiyone had had in bed or out of bed in years.  In all her wildest fantasies 
Kiyone never thought that it could *tickle* so much if done in a certain way.

	"Right there," Kiyone whispered as Mihoshi would lightly suck or lick.  
Kiyone had her fingers spread just above where she wanted Mihoshi to focus her 
efforts.   "Ahhh, Mihoshi...that's it, I'm so proud of you..." were the words 
Kiyone spoke in between moans as she came like a freight train crashing into a 
milk truck stopped on the railroad tracks at Mingo Junction in Youngstown, Ohio.

***

	The next year was the most joyous time of Mihoshi and Kiyone's life.  Only 
two people knew about their relationship in the Galaxy Police chain of command.  
These two people were Mihoshi's grandfather and their immediate supervisor, who 
both approved as long as all the regs for fraternization were followed to the 
letter.  Over the course of the year, Mihoshi and Kiyone visited the former's 
mother and grandfather and generally lived in a euphoric dream world when off 
duty.  On duty it was formal but neither saw a need to be 100% professional at 
all times.

	During dinner, often times their discussions would turn to their futures.  
It was Kiyone's intention to simply rise through the patrol ranks in the trade 
corridors, and eventually someday they'd find themselves with a nice Intel 
posting on Galador III or HQ.  One where they could get some nice, big quarters 
all to themselves.  Mihoshi's desires were simple:  Be with Kiyone and fight 
crime while reading manga and watching Moldiver.

	One day, while perusing the usual morning "suspects and criminals at 
large" reports on the wire, Kiyone's eyes stumbled across what she told Mihoshi 
was the "big opportunity" that they've been waiting for.  The subject's name was 
Androvar Dramijin, suspected gunrunner and member of the Orion Syndicate.  He 
was wanted for 13 counts of piracy and 5 counts of aggravated assault with a 
laserarm in the commission of a crime.  Dramijin was also wanted in connection 
to three deaths over the past five years.  Everyone Kiyone had talked to told 
her the trail was cold, Dramijin was suspected to be either dead or 
institutionalized on some planet outside the Galactic Union or Jurain Empire.  

	Mihoshi voiced apprehension on them going all-out for someone who A) was 
only a mid-level member of the Syndicate and B) had dropped off Intel's radar 
over a year before.  The reason why Kiyone seemed to want to try and track him 
down was she insisted that Dramijin was the one doing basic piracy of freighters 
going to Jurai by way of Alpha Centauri over the past several months at a rate 
of two or three incidents a month.  Kiyone also believed that Dramijin was a 
possible key to some other significant cases pending in Galactic Court.  It was 
simply a matter of finding him, putting the cuffs on him, and letting Intel do 
the rest.

	"Mihoshi," Kiyone whispered to her one night before drifting off to sleep, 
"it's all about the chase, the hunt," she yawned, holding Mihoshi tighter, "the 
pride of just doing good and bringing a serious asshole to justice.  And getting 
both of us promoted..."

	For three weeks they poured over maps, checked up on leads, 
crossreferenced Intel scuttlebutt, rear echelon paranoia and chatter, and 
offered plea-deals to assorted low-lifes to the point where the ship's galley 
and their quarters were almost completely covered by Kiyone's post-it notes, 
data pads, and marked starcharts.  Not to mention paperwork from "higher-up."  
They were getting *very* popular at the GP General Accounting Office and with 
the local prosecutors in that sector, especially a GP prosecutor named Mitsuki.  
The cockpit was never cluttered.

	Often times during these weeks, Mihoshi would awaken during the night to 
find Kiyone not in bed, but in the galley, sipping coffee and pouring over local 
and long-range ion scans on the computer.  It was this dedication that led to 
Kiyone calling Mihoshi to the Yagami's computer core one afternoon to show her 
something.

	"Here, here, and here," she pointed to three screens.  All three screens 
had the same class ship with different transponder information.  "This is, most 
likely, the same ship," Kiyone stated, "the ion readings from all three match to 
within 85% of these," she pointed to a star map on the work table, "last five 
piratings and two hit and runs in the last month."   

	"Any idea where to find the suspect now?" Mihoshi asked.

	Kiyone nodded, "I'm placing my bets on System J3\45," she pointed to a 
solar system of absolutely no value, "or in the surrounding area."

	Mihoshi threw a sideways glance to her partner, "you put all the crime 
locations on a map and threw a dart at the middle, didn't you?"

	"You'd be surprised how many cases have been cracked that way," she 
smiled,  "ever hear of the Whitman case?"

	Mihoshi nodded, smiling, "I did my freshmen year report on it.  Got a 97 
on it."

	"Senior, 89" Kiyone replied with a grin.  "Don't let anyone ever tell 
you're not smart, Mihoshi."

***

	After four days of exhaustive and flustrating searching, they were chasing 
a freighter that matched almost every bit of information they had.  The ship had 
been hiding in the crater of a small moon and its captain seemed quite surprised 
to suddenly find a GP patrol ship breathing down their neck. With Kiyone's voice 
demanding they identify themselves and state their business, the freighter's 
captain made the quick decision to flee.

	This was not an easy pull-over job from the very start.  Before the ship 
had been disabled enough for the Yagami to begin boarding procedures, the patrol 
ship had sustained moderate damage on 57% of the hull and the port side laser 
cannon was now burned out.  Much to Kiyone's surprise, scans revealed only one 
lifeform aboard...a lifeform matching Dramijin's species.

	The ship they boarded was brightly lit, fairly clean for a freighter, and 
filled with obviously stolen goods and other items of varying legality.  

	The captain decided to wait it out on the bridge, offering no obvious 
resistance.  When they arrived, Kiyone was proven right in all her weeks of 
research and detective work.  The man standing there, dressed in a generic 
jumpsuit, obviously distressed with his back to the pilot's chair was Androvar 
Dramijin.	

	"Freeze!" Kiyone said, "hands on top of your head, palms flat out where I 
can see them!"

	He did so.  "Your name?!" Kiyone barked.		

	"Androvar Dramijin," his voice shook.

	"Androvar Dramijin under Article 73 of the Revised Criminal Code I am 
placing you under arrest for sundry crimes which include--but are not limited 
to--piracy, theft, and wanton destruction of property.  You have the right to 
remain silent--"

	For a moment, it looked like Dramijin was so overcome with stress that his 
legs had buckled and he was going to sink to the ground.  This did not happen, 
Dramijin used the moment of distraction as he fell to throw a knife he had 
conceiled in the cuff of his left sleeve.

	The knife was thrown with a flash of light not unlike a lighting bolt.

	In the same instant Mihoshi saw this, corrected her aim, and opened fire.  
Dramijin was thrown back against the pilot's chair as the blast impacted into 
his temple, penetrating his skull and searing away a few inches of the frontal 
lobe of the brain.  Dramijin crumpled to the ground, for real this time, as 
blood, bone fragments, and pieces of brain seeped out.

	Mihoshi took a cautious breath as she closed her eyes.

	"Great...shot," Kiyone commented faintly.

	Mihoshi spun around and found Kiyone, leaning against the wall with the 
knife sticking out of her chest.  The knife was in deep.  Mihoshi rushed over to 
Kiyone.  Just in time, too, as Kiyone's strength was about to give out.  Gently, 
Mihoshi lowered Kiyone to the floor as the blonde started speaking into her 
communicator.

	"Yagami!" she shouted, "officer down, send for help."

	[Affirmative, Detective Mihoshi.]

	"It was a damn fine throw..." Kiyone gurgled, smiling, "I should have 
taken a quick side-step instead of a pivot on my left heel...might have gotten 
me in the arm," she coughed, "I wonder what--" another cough, "type of knife it 
was... blade wasn't that long, but I'm pretty sure it pierced my heart...had to 
be sharp enough to go through the body armor, though."

	"Don't talk, Kiyone!" Mihoshi began to pick up her partner, but Kiyone 
shook her head in the negative, "I'm not going to make it," she said softly, the 
reality just now seeming to sink in for her, "I'm sorry that I'm not going to 
see you make Detective Sergeant," a spot of blood appeared on her lips.  Mihoshi 
took a closer look at the wound, blood was steadily dripping from it.  As a 
single tear began tracing its way down Mihoshi's face, she began looking around 
the bridge for a Med Kit, or even something to act as a compress...

	...Kiyone reached up with a finger and touched the tear.  
"Mihoshi...please, just, hold me," Kiyone started to cry, her hand reaching for 
Mihoshi's hand.  When she found it, Mihoshi noticed how weak her grasp was.

	"I am so proud of you, Mihoshi," Kiyone told her, "and I am even more 
proud that you accepted me as your love.  You're the best thing that ever 
happened to me, and the best detective I've ever known.  I love you, please tell 
me that and give me one last kiss..."

	"I love you, my partner," Mihoshi wept.

	As Mihoshi's lips lightly touched Kiyone's, the blonde felt her love's 
grip on her hand weaken and become cold.  

	The only sounds on that freighter for the three hours it took for help to 
arrive were Mihoshi's sobs. 	

***

	As according to the customs of Kiyone's home world, the funeral was held 
eight days later after the body was wrapped in burial robes and special 
embalming rites were observed.  It was decided that Kiyone would be buried on 
Okun II, the nearest GP base with a veteran's cemetery.  It was a simple 
graveside funeral, as Mihoshi had requested of her grandfather, just an honor 
guard, 18-gun salute, and only about fifteen mouners attending.  The sun was 
shining clearly and the wind was slight.  The sky was blue and Okun II's dozen 
moons were truly sights to behold.  

	As Mihoshi, in full dress uniform, sat in front of the casket draped with 
the flag of the Galactic Union as her grandfather and mother held her hands.  As 
the service proceeded, and invocations and prayers were made in the religion 
that Kiyone adhered to, Mihoshi found herself looking at the sky above.

	'What now, Kiyone?' she mentally asked the sky.  The answer came 
immediately into Mihoshi's awareness, 'keep going, do your job and your best.'

	Soon, Mihoshi watched as the honor guard began to carefully lift and fold 
the Galactic Union flag.

	"Attention!" the six police officers with blaster rifles snapped to 
attention.

	Two members of the honor guard slowly and methodically folded the flag, 
starting with the far ends.

	"Ready!" the rifles' capacitors could be heard charging.

	They began to slowly work their way inwards.

	"Aim!" the rifles were pointed at the sky above.

	Mihoshi could see the standard triangular shape of a casket flag beginning 
to form.

	"Fire!" six blasts shot into the sky above.

	"Reload!" shells hit the ground.

	By the time eighteen shots had been fired, the flag was now completely 
folded.  The commander of the riflemen stepped forward with something in an 
ornate box.  The empty blaster shells were carefully placed inside the flag.  
The commander of the honor guard stepped forward.

	"Detective Mihoshi," he began, placing the flag in Mihoshi's lap, "on 
behalf of the Galaxy Police and the Galactic Union, and in recognition of your 
partner's years of service and her sacrifice in the line of duty, I hereby give 
you this flag."  The commander gently shook her hand, as did all the other 
members of the honor guard as they filed past.  Mihoshi whispered out a faint 
"thank you" to all of them.

	"Grandfather?" Mihoshi asked softly.

	"Yes?" he answered.

	"Please hold Kiyone's flag for a second."

	"I'd be honored to," he took the flag.

	Mihoshi stepped up to the casket with her mother at her side.  Without 
asking, Mihoshi turned to her mother.  Her mother handed her a bouqet of flowers 
that Mihoshi had requested, a rare type of flower found only on one of the 
planet's where Mihoshi's mother did most of her archeological work.  The flowers 
were in the exact shade of Kiyone's hair.  Silently, carefully, Kiyone placed 
the flowers on the casket, and let her palm stay there for a moment.  She let 
go, stepping back and turning back to her family.  Most of the guests were 
beginning to file back to the waiting groundcars.  Mihoshi took back the folded 
flag, and they began walking away from the gravesite.

	As they walked down a hill to the road, Mihoshi spared one last look back 
as the burial crew set about their work.

	As the groundcar left the cemetery, Mihoshi turned to her mother.  "Mom?"

	"What is it, Mihoshi?"

	"I think I'd like some ice cream."

	"I could do with a bucket myself," the Marshall said.

***

	Two days later, Mihoshi sat alone in Yagami's co-pilot chair.  The patrol 
ship was in dry dock awaiting repair.  Around her indicators and status lights 
did their usual thing, even in Yagami's damaged state.  Mihoshi looked to the 
empty chair beside her, making a decision.

	"I don't want Yagami if I can't have you along with it, Kiyone." 

	No response.

	Mihoshi's supervisor had told her that if she wanted to keep the Yagami 
and accept field promotion to Detective First Class, she could.  "You've had 
this promotion coming for a while now," her supervisor had said.  

	Mihoshi refused the Yagami, requesting reassignment.  And here she was 
sitting beside Kiyone's chair after she had cleaned out their personal 
belongings, and after she had put a starchart on her dartboard and decided to 
request reassignment to wherever the dart landed.  

	Somehow, Mihoshi reasoned, Kiyone would not want her requesting a transfer 
to the galley's wall.

	"I just need some patrol time to myself."

	With that, Mihoshi made her decision.  Slowly, she stood from the co-
pilot's chair and one by one started to shut down all of Yagami's systems.  This 
took about fifteen minutes, as she left the cockpit she took one last look at 
Kiyone's chair before blowing a kiss to it.

	Her eyes glanced around the darkened cockpit, "Goodbye Yagami.  Thank you 
for providing a good home for me and Kiyone."

	The next day Mihoshi's supervisor reassigned the Yagami, and approved 
Mihoshi's request for a transfer to solitary patrol work.  Her supervisor 
decided that a new AI patrol ship, the Yukinojo, would suit Mihoshi just fine.  

***Epilogue 

	The sky was blue above the Okun II GP cemetery.  The wind was kicking up a 
bit, but this was normal for that time of year.  It was mid-afternoon as a 
figure in a GP uniform made their way among the headstones.  Soon, the figure 
found its destination.  The headstone said in simple Galach text:

			Kiyone Makibi
			Detective First Class #D/2649
						
	"Hi Kiyone," Mihoshi said, placing some flowers at the base of the 
headstone.  "It sure has been a while, hasn't it?"  Mihoshi looked around, 
breathing in the fresh air.  "Weather's nice here...much better than breathing 
Yukinojo's air, I can tell you," she laughed a little, "I miss you, as usual, 
Kiyone."  

	The blonde wiped a tear from her eye, "I came to tell you that I won't be 
able to visit you as much anymore.  You see, I'm being transfered to patrol the 
solar system of that little backwater planet you got that song from, isn't that 
great?"  From her tone of voice, the blonde didn't seem that convinced.

	"I haven't...been doing too well, I don't think," she sniffed, "in the 
last few months, Kiyone.  I've been solving cases and doing my job just fine, 
but it seems that a lot of things happen too that cause a lot of bills...I 
really think the General Accounting office has it in for me," she laughed at 
this.  "I guess I'm still a little stressed out about losing you, eventhough its 
been two years.  Maybe a nice low stress system patrol assignment with nothing 
to do is what I need, read some mangas...catch up on Moldiver, you know," she 
smiled down at the grave.  

	"I'll try to come and see you when I'm in the area again, Kiyone...don't 
worry about me forgetting you...I love you," Mihoshi began to slowly walk away.

	As events developed, Mihoshi wasn't able to come back to visit Kiyone's 
grave for quite a while.  But Mihoshi contemplated Kiyone's photograph from her 
nightstand every night in her quarters, along with the flag displayed in a case 
on the opposite wall.  That's where the flag could be found for a while, until 
Mihoshi accepted Nobuyuki Masaki's offer to put the flag in a place of honor in 
the Masaki household, since Mihoshi would be living there from now on as not 
just a houseguest, but as his wife. 

THE END.
