Writes by Queune nicolas " Darth Doom "! 

This is a lemon, so you have to be 18 years old or more to be able to read it 
because it contains scenes sexually explicit. Now, if you do not respect this 
warning, I am not responsible for it. I am French, I do not speak English, I 
use so a translation software which is as successful as possible, excuse I. I 
do not possess tenchi muyo or the characters, they are the property of pionner 
and of aic, I do not possess either the other characters in the case or 
someone would claim them, do not prosecute me because you would waste your 
time: I have no money to pay. This fanfiction happens in the series of oav, 
but the other persons as Yume and Nagi will appear. Kiyone ( the galactic 
policeman) will make his appearance at time and in hour. The chronology is not 
always respected. This is my first fanfic, so, a little of indulgence please. 
Send I your comments, and if my fic displeases you really, you are not obliged 
to read it. 


 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------ 
The inheritance of the ancient.
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------ 



You have the right to my gratitude but you did not make anything to gain my 
respect.
 Doctor Victor von Doom ( doctor Fatalis).



III) Family and politics.


Ayeka had badly slept, she had warned her family of the existence of Tetsuro. 
It had provoked a general euphoria, stars had appeared in Misaki's eyes and a 
smile on Funaho's lips, even the emperor Azusa seemed delighted with this 
short story.
The royal family had made its luggage in one hour and would arrive on earth 
today. 
Ayeka was perplexed: the enjoyment of her mother Misaki and her aunt Funaho 
was sincere, it seemed evident, but the enjoyment of his father was 
disturbing. 

Ayeka: " I know my father, he is satisfied because he knows that Tenchi can 
not any more to marry me, because of Tetsuro. He can impose me so again 
another husband, of the choice, certainly Seiryo, the boy on the pink hair who 
had challenged Tenchi. If I am right, then it is a disaster! Supposing that 
Tetsuro meets challenge, he will be killed certainly because he has no power, 
he does not even know how to use a weapon. He has some blood Jura‹an in veins 
but it is insignificant, if he has powers he will not be able to learn to 
master them in the day. If he refuses fight I should marry the man chosen by 
my father, and so, by magic, Tetsuro takes out victorious then he should have 
to marry me. He is kind but it is Tenchi that I love. What may I make? "

Ayeka had so lamented that she had finished by to put to sleep. She loved 
Tenchi but her chances to make her husband of it seemed very distant.

The morning had come, as well as breakfast. Surprise was general to see 
Mihoshi by train to feed Tetsuro with baguettes. 
Tenchi: " Euh....Older brother, there was anything with Mihoshi? You 
seem....very close relations. "

Tetsuro became red of shyness.

Tetsuro: " Today you and I we are going totraining us in the sanctuary but 
from tomorrow, Mihoshi and I we go out together. "

Everybody was stunned: Mihoshi was red of shyness, Ryoko was delighted to be 
cleared of a rival, Washu exulted to have soon an occasion to extract " the 
sample ", Tenchi, Nobuyuki and Sasami was enchanted.....particulary Nobuyuki 
only Ayeka did not seem to be well:

Nobuyuki: " MY SON, finally you become a man, I am so happy, so only your 
mother was here "

Tetsuro: " I am satisfied that you are satisfied dad, in the fact Ayeka.....I 
have to speak to you. "

Ayeka went out of the torpor where plunged her anxieties: 

Ayeka: " I also, I have things to be said to you after the breakfast. "

Ryoko: " You seem half put to sleep small princess, that made you this night? 
"

Ryoko's derisive tone did not leave any doubt on the allusion of its question.

Ayeka: " Not today devil, I have concerns more mattering than you ". Ayeka on 
a laconic tone says.

Ryoko was surprised and worries: finally she liked Ayeka, then if she had 
problems really consequent, she feltsme having to it help her.

Ryoko: " If I can make something.... ".

Ayeka: " Not thank you ".

Morning ends and Ayeka and Tetsuro meets himself in a place to discuss:

Tetsuro: " I wanted to speak to you about our domestic links. According to 
Tenchi, you would be my great-aunt and the customs of your planet could force 
us to get married. It is true? "

Ayeka: " It is completely true and I wanted to speak to you about it. I 
prevented my family of your existence, it has to arrive today and there is a 
problem. "

Tetsuro: " Tenchi has me to speak about fights of successions and for the 
marriage. It worries you? "

Ayeka: " Yes, because I do not want your death. But I do not love you either, 
finally, I love you as the brother of the man whom I love, not as a lover. "

Tetsuro: " Do not worry, we shall not get married in such conditions and I 
would not die. "

Ayeka: " But.... "

Tetsuro: " There is not of " but " made I confidence. "

Tetsuro's tone was so authoritarian as Ayeka has a movement of drop and was 
not able to to answer anything.

Tetsuro goes away and goes to the kitchen to help Sasami to do the dishes.

Sasami: " Call I Tetsuro, that go to make now you returned from your journey? 
"

Tetsuro: " It is a very good question....but I do not intend to answer it " 
Tetsuro says by caressing the small girl on the head.

Sasami was red of anger:

Sasami: " Go not me summits not languish, call I! "

Tetsuro: " I can not say to anything to you for the moment, but I can assure 
you that you should the first be known. "

Sasami: " Well ..... but WHEN? "

Tetsuro: " In some days. "

Sasami had a big smile:

Sasami: " Well I shall wait. "

Tetsuro leaves the small girl in blue hair having finished the crockery. He 
was in the grip of somber thoughts:

Tetsuro: " Why? Why must this child be involved with a similar history? I knew 
what would happen when I chose but all the same. She will not die and will be 
even released but to use this child about is reason, it is despicable. I hope 
that when this history will be finishes, I shall be forgiven. I swear that I 
do not want the evil to anybody, I make it to realize an ideal. " Tetsuro 
lamented all his tears. Then he begun thinking again about all the events 
arisen for one year. When he had left for to him, he had a much more simple 
idea of the future, he would make the journey of the life in Europe then he 
would return, he would find a work and a girlfriend as all normal people. But 
reality had decided otherwise, today he was the crown prince of an 
extraterrestrial empire, he had met his other father and learnt the truths 
that he would have preferred ignored, he had to arrest a "goddess", he had 
been confronted with an atrocious choice. In this thought he*} had a mentally 
ill roar of laughter:

Tetsuro: " The choice? Oh!!! You speak! The freedom to choose things of this 
genre, I do not want it. If only I had had no choice, I shall have been much 
happier. At least I shall have been able to say myself that it was not my 
fault, I would have had an EXCUSE!! But I had the choice, and I gave up 
leading a normal life, I hope that I would not regret him. I forgive you " 
father " because in your place I shall have made similar and then you suffered 
more than me ". 

Then he had a vision, he lives Mihoshi's face by train to smile to him as to 
say to him that she forgave him, that he had made what it was necessary. But 
it was only a dream, a sweet one illusion, life such as he knew her seemed to 
have disappeared. He got ready and left in the sanctuary with his brother:

Tenchi: " Could I know why you agreed finally to follow training? ". Tenchi 
with the smile asked.

Tetsuro he answered with a black glance:

Tetsuro: " Not! "

Tenchi was surprised with this rough reaction:

Tenchi: " You are bad-tempered? I made anything which displeases you? "

Tetsuro put the two hands on Tenchi's shoulder:

Tetsuro: " Not my brother, you did not make anything. I thought this morning 
about many things, about our family, about you, about these girls, about 
Jura‹, and all this does not please me. "

Tenchi: " Why? "

Tetsuro: " I can not say it to you, anyway you will know very enough early, 
for the moment I ask you it do not ask me of question, make I confidence ".

Tenchi smelt of the distress in the way of his brother, a thing to which he 
was not used:

Tenchi: " You frighten me .mais I shall always trust you, although he arrives. 
"

Tetsuro: "Thank you".

By arriving at the sanctuary Tetsuro and Tenchi begin to train under 
Katsuhito's custody which is surprised seeing with which talent Tetsuro adorn 
all the knocks:

Tenchi: " Big Brother where kept silent learnt to use a sabre? ".

Tetsuro: " I began during my journey in Europe where I learnt Occidental 
fencing, the manipulation of the sabre differs a lot but is not incompatible. 
"

Katsuhito: " It is very well to adorn all the knocks but you should pass in 
the attack. "

Tetsuro: " OK!! "

By calling it Tetsuro brings down his grandfather by a movement of leg so fast 
as same Katsuhito has no time to counter. Then, before he gets up, Tetsuro 
applies his sword to the throat of his grandfather:

Tetsuro: " I believe that I won. "

Katsuhito: " I was surprised but it will not reproduce. "

Tetsuro: " Indeed, on a battlefield you would have died and you would have no 
more the occasion to make some error, and maintaining we are going to have to 
stop because we have of the visit ". By calling it Tetsuro look towards the 
sky by indicating a vessel.

Katsuhito: " Hold? Mom and dad arrived ".

Tetsuro: " Grandfather, I like as much warning you at once as I have never 
seen these people, so me can not welcomed them as members of the family that I 
shall not have seen for a long time. "

Katsuhito: " OK, but be polite and cordial. "

Tetsuro: " I shall make of my best ".

The rest of the family Masaki arrives on the scene.

Ayeka: " I hope that everything will well happen ".

Sasami: " Ayeka I have already said to you that there was no reason to worry 
".

A ray of light sprung from the vessel and three forms appear. Misaki, Azusa 
and Funaho.

Misaki: " Hello to you all! "

Misaki squeezes everybody in the arms (except Tetsuro who seems to have 
disappeared) with the tenderness of a mom she-bear, in particular Tenchi, who 
misses to faint because of the lack of air.

Misaki: " Where is my new nephew? I look forward to squeezing him in my arms "

Tetsuro: " Behind you madam! " Telling Tetsuro in the hollow of Misaki's ear.

Misaki's roaring was going to make date. It had been " taken by surprise " 
what for a boss of sword of the level was inconceivable:

Misaki: " You frightened me ". Misaki says by moving back, transpiring under 
the acceleration of her heart rhythm.

Tetsuro: " I always knew how to show myself discreet ". 

Funaho: " It is least that one can say, you have just realized authentic one 
exploit. "

Tetsuro: " what is not necessarily flattering for me ".

Azusa: " It is enough, I came to see the new crown prince not attending a 
familly scene. " Hurla Azusa.

Tetsuro searches his pocket and goes out a paper of the purse:

Tetsuro: " If you came just for it, here is a photo of I give you the license 
to look at it as so you will want. "

Azusa turned to the purple:

Azusa: " You dare you laugh of me? "

Tetsuro: " Not I want just to know which man's genre you are and I am 
disappointed . This is our first meeting and you did not even say " hello ", 
you do not have me either to call " my small son " or some affectionate word, 
you have me to call " new crown prince ", yes, I am disappointed. "

Funaho: " This young man is right, my friend, you could show yourselves more 
courteous, warmer ".

Azusa becomes softer:

Azusa: " You are right maybe but all this is so sudden, another one year ago, 
I was a father of a son Yosho ( Katsuhito) who comes from you Funaho my first 
wife and of two girls, Ayeka and Sasami who come from Misaki my second wife. I 
hoped that them would get married one day and would immortalize so the lineage 
of the royal family (let us remind that on Jura‹ marriages are often blood, it 
does not put any moral problem). And today, all these projects disappeared, I 
am back grandfather and my descendants have dignity, or competence to succeed 
one another one day. "

Tetsuro: " It is indeed there problem: you see me I and my brother as of 
future incapable emperors (what remains to prove) but no single moment you do 
not consider us as members of your family, and so there are no emotional links 
among us it is maybe normal but it is sad also, remark I am not better because 
I neither I do not manage to appreciate you ".

Funaho: " This young man in a lot of common sense my friend, you should have 
more consideration ".

Misaki: " I share the opinion of my sister / woman, you go to change attitude 
and at once ".

The glance of Misaki would have convinced whoever to obey:

Azusa: " .......... "

Katsuhito: " Tilt you dad, mom and aunty gives you disadvantage, you know that 
you have no chance. "

Azusa: " Well, good, I apologize. "

Funaho: " It is better ".

Tetsuro: " I suggest to go to pursue presentations at the house ".

All world meets itself at home and discussions go and comes:

Funaho: " Say To me my son why said to us you during our last visit only I had 
2 rear - grandsons? "

Katsuhito was embarrassed: on Jura‹ and more particularly in the royal family, 
learn the manipulation of weapons was an impossible to circumvent tradition 
and Tetsuro had always refused wildly to learn. If he had spoken about it to 
his mother, it would have been able to have extreme consequences. Oh, 
evidently neither Funaho nor Misaki would have made the evil for Tetsuro but 
the emperor would have had an official excuse to kill the one that he 
considered as a black sheep of his family.

Katsuhito: " Hey well in fact..... "

Tetsuro: " Grandfather did not speak to you about me because I am mistaken 
weapons, he thought that this characteristic would put you a problem "

All world considered At Tetsuro completely astounded by this 
statement:......... how could he say this thing so openly? If he knew why his 
grandfather had not spoken about him, then he knew which was problem!

Misaki: " It is not very grave since you know how to use your sword. "

Tetsuro: " I know how to use it but I am there ashamed. Finally, I can live 
with. "

Tenchi: " Me I admire you. You remember when we were 8 years old? In the 
daytime or small hooligans of the school came to play up me? You were already 
very mature for your age ".

Tetsuro: " Yes I remember. "

Sasami: " That is it crossed? "

Tenchi: " the worst pupils of the school came to attack me, just for the 
pleasure, but my brother intervened ".

Misaki: " He beat them? "

Tenchi: " Not! He took all the knocks without trying to knock. I he shouted to 
defend himself but he said: " my brother Lets bang them, when they will have 
got tired, they will stop. " He finished in a nasty state, then he visited the 
manageress and when she saw him she convened the hooligans in the office. I do 
not know what she said to them but ever they created of problems at the school 
".

Sasami: " You are very brave Tetsuro. "

Tetsuro: " I do not know if I am brave, but I know that I am proud of my 
attitude this day there ".

Azusa: " You were wrong! You would have of to fight ".

Tetsuro: " To beat Me? And you claim to be civilized? "

Azusa: " How it? "

Tetsuro: " Drop, I am afraid although you can not understand (when I think 
that this man comes from an allegedly evolved civilization and that it in 
thousand years of experience, and nevertheless it behaves how noble one 
pompous of the means - age, HOPELESS!!) ".

Azusa: " You would indeed make show me a little of respect! "

Tetsuro: " respect, it does not give itself itself, it GAINS "

Funaho: " Once again he is right. "

Azusa: " .. ".

Evening ends, Azusa, Misaki and Funaho returns on their vessel:

Funaho: " Good night! In tomorrow! "

In the bedroom of the vessel of the emperor, a long night gets ready:

Funaho: " While think you of my great-grandson? "

Misaki: " I do not know! The values are not ours, but they are very noble they 
also, and then he in a lot of character to like head our husband. Everybody 
have not capable of it. But he seems distant to us three, I does not 
understand. But I like him when even "

Funaho: " I am perplexed also, Tenchi is warm with us but not her brother, I 
shall speak to him tomorrow. "

Azusa: " I, on the contrary, he a lot pleases me. There is some force in him. 
He has some charisma, the authority, not as his brother, I am pleasantly 
surprised. "

Misaki: " Enough to speak! It is our first night on earth, I want to relax ".

Funaho: " I also! "

Funaho embraced her woman / sister and put caressing her tenderly in the back 
while the emperor undressed. Misaki kissed Funaho on the nipple of her right 
breast and began to nibble her delicately while Funaho dropped his kimono. 
Going back up delicately, the language of Misaki reaches Funaho's lips or it 
rushed with violence and enjoyment. The ballet of their mixed languages would 
have even incited the most artless man, what was not the case of Azusa. But 
the monarch had decided to look simply, he would wait that his two wives 
advertisement, then with all the possible nobility under the circumstances, he 
would come to them " in help ". The two empresses lengthened on the bed, 
Misaki was on the back whereas Funaho slid slowly her language along his body 
to affect Misaki's sex.

Misaki: " Oooooh " sister ", does not annoy me. "

In this statement, Funaho plunged strongly her language into the sex of the 
one that had become, for the moment, her sexual slave. After 5 minutes, 
Misaki, began to find his desire to participate. 

Misaki: " To me to give you of the pleasure ".

With a voluntarily artless pout Funaho said:

Funaho: " Be soft ".

Misaki at the middle to kiss Funaho's sex mettants in a position of 69 whom 
finished inciting Azusa: If they did not demand him quickly, he should obey in 
the instincts:

Funaho: " I believe that our small animal begins to warm itself "

Misaki: " He was patient! He deserves a small reward. Takes care of him while 
I go for the necessities, but attention: only manual caresses, anything else "

Funaho: " I shall know how to to wait him ".

Misaki: " Nice girl ".

Misaki gives last one kiss to Funaho and leave the room. Funaho begins to 
approach Azusa and caresses him the stomach:

Azusa: " Pleaseeeeeeee, help me "

Funaho: " If you want a favour, you know what you have to say! "

Azusa: " Sweet mistress, deign to bring divine providence to your servant who 
suffers from the absence of your light ".

Funaho: " Nice animal, I am going to offer you liberation. "

Funaho sits down behind Azusa and the taken between her legs, caressing the 
back of the emperor with let us suck them of her generous forms. Bringing then 
the hands on the penis, tightened as a rope of violin, she began to caress 
him. But she caressed him so slowly as Azusa was not relieved, he was only 
more incited. Funaho took a pleasure pervers, to suffer so his husband. 
Because it proved the love which Azusa carried to her wife, because he 
accepted this suffering voluntarily. At the end of three minutes of this 
wished torture, Misaki returned. She had got dressed of leather boots black 
who masked the legs, except knees. The trunk was in its entirety covered with 
the exception of its sex, the buttocks, the udders and the height of the back. 
She carried a necklace sharpened in certain places in the right hand.

Misaki: " He showed himself wise? "

Funaho: " Yes, it remained subdued. "

Misaki: " Very good, then I am going to relieve him! "

Misaki sits down on Azusa's sex but is not allowed penetrate. She attaches the 
hands of the emperor in the own back. She caresses the sex of her husband with 
the two cracks of the clitoris. 

Funaho: " I go for an accessory I also. "

Funaho leaves the room in his tour.

Azusa's wrists began to bleed slightly, but handcuffs also cut Misaki's .Le 
blood back pours along the back of the empress and eventually reached the sex 
and that of Azusa.

Misaki: " You were wise, I am going to bring you your reward. "

Stopping the caresses clitoral, Misaki slowly admitted to her sex covered with 
Azusa's blood. Enjoyment provoked by the sweet sex of the female arrived bit 
by bit. At the end of small minute, Misaki began pushing she also chuckles of 
pleasure.

Misaki: " Aaaaaaaah you are always also virile "

Azusa: " And you mistress always so sweet ".

Misaki's balance made more and more fast, excitement increased on both sides. 
Funaho returned at this moment. She carried a mask of black leather who 
covered the face with the exception of the eyes and of the mouth, a belt with 
an artificial penis enclosed its size and it had a blindfold in the right 
hand.

Funaho: " In my tour to amuse me. "

By saying it, Funaho covered Misaki's eyes with the blindfold in black tissue. 
Not being able to any more see anything, Misaki's sexual sensations were it 
multiplied tenfold.

Misaki: " Ooooooh ...... aaaaaaaaaaah ... yeaaaaaah! Please bestride I. "

Funaho: " MMMMyeaaaah.........., I want to make of the wompi (sort of horse 
which one finds on Jura‹) .. but you is a wompi? I did not hear to you 
neighing! "
Misaki: " Hiiiiiiihannnnnnnn ".

Funaho: "Good".

Funaho pushed his artificial dick in his between Misaki's buttocks who began 
to cry for pleasure. Finally, the night continued of different pleasures 
deserving of Roman orgies.

Come morning, Tetsuro and Mihoshi gets ready to cross{*spend*} the day 
together. At the time of the departure, they are interrupted by Ryoko:

Ryoko: " Forgiveness of you disturb, Tetsuro I shall like to speak to you one 
minute, I shall wish an advice ".

Tetsuro: " Concerning my brother? " Demanded Tetsuro with the smile.

Ryoko: " How have you guess? " Interrogea Ryoko with an unbelieving face.

Tetsuro: " Easy! Since I met you, I noticed that all that you make concerns 
only he. "

Ryoko began blushing.

Tetsuro: " Waits I small for 2 minutes Mihoshi! It will not be long! "

Mihoshi: " Well, I am going to wait for you in the place of bus ".

Mihoshi takes his packed lunch and leaves Ryoko and Tetsuro in private

Ryoko: " Here is. I am in love with your brother, but I do not know how to say 
to him. I am afraid that he does not take me seriously. How could I say to 
him? He is not blind, he sees although I turn him all around and although I 
make him advances, but he believes that I joke. Furthermore there is Ayeka: 
she is in love very with Tenchi and I do not want that she ever suffers so 
your brother does not answer his feelings. "

Tetsuro: " If you mean to my brother that you love him, I advise you to take 
him in a place which in the importance for you. The cave which retained you 
prisoner for example. There you will have only to explain him your feelings. 
As for Ayeka, it is a problem without solution. If my brother has to choose, 
then one of you will suffer. It is vain to try to by-pass this problem. But 
Sasami said to me that jura‹ans could have two women. If Ayeka agrees and if 
you are ready to accept this solution, you could then subject this idea to my 
brother. "

Ryoko had a big smile. These perspectives resolved the problems as by magic.

Ryoko: " Thank you!! I do not regret to have you to consult. "

She flew away overflowing with happiness, leaving Tetsuro only to think.

Tetsuro: " The poor..........I be afraid that the hopes are disappointed. I do 
not believe that she loves my brother as she thinks.......and I think that it 
is mutual for Tenchi. I hope that she will be happy. Well, I have a day of 
enjoyment and a small fair angel who wait for me, I am going there to go. "







To follow in the fourth part: " the love and roller coasters ". I remind that 
vote to know if Ryoko will finish with Tenchi or with Tetsuro is always 
current. I wait for your e-mails in:

 www.yiukiu@aol.com 

Still forgiveness for incoherence due to the translation software.

