Writes by Queune "Darth Doom" nicolas 
www.yiukiu@aol.fr
This is a lemon, so you have to be 18 years old or more to be able to read 
it because it contains scenes sexually explicit. Now, if you do not respect 
this warning, I am not responsible for it. I am French, I do not speak 
English, I used so a translation software which is as successful as 
possible, excuse I. I do not possess tenchi muyo or the characters, they 
are the property of pionner and of aic, I do not possess either the other 
characters in the case or someone would claim them, do not prosecute me 
because you would waste your time: I have no money to pay. This fanfiction 
happens in the series of oav, but the other persons as Yume and Nagi will 
appear. Kiyone ( the galactic policewoman) will make his appearance at time 
and in hour. The chronology is not always respected. This is my first 
fanfic, so, a little of indulgence please. Send I your comments, and if my 
fic displeases you really, you are not obliged to read it. 


 --------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------- 
The inheritance of the ancient.

 --------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------- 


I) Return in the home.
A member of Tenchi family returned to her house .


" It there ' has a moment for any thing under the sky.
 It there ' has a time for everything.
 A time to give life. A time to die.
 A time to plant and a time to harvest.
 A time to kill. A time to be cured.
 A time to demolish. A time to build.
 A time to cry. A time to laugh.
 A time to complain. A time to dance.
 A time to throw stones. A time to collect them.
 A time to embrace. One time for separated.
 A time to keep. A time to throw.
 A time to tear. A time to repair.
 A time to keep silent. A time to speak.
 A time to love. A time to hate.  
 One time for the war and one time for the peace! "

 The Ecclesiaste 3 , 1-8



It was 7 o'clock in the morning, everything him slept still in the family 
Masaki, only Mihoshi did not manage to find sleep. Finally she lowered in 
the kitchen attracted by her " gourmand's instinct ". Remembering the rest 
of the tart in apple whom Sasami had prepared the day before, she did not 
resist to the envy to eat it. By entering the kitchen she was very 
surprised to see that "one" ended the tart in question.

Mihoshi: " My tart! " Mihoshi with big tears says. It was dark, Mihoshi 
did not see who was in the room.

??????: " Your tart miss? " If it is "your" tart, then why is it in MY 
refrigerator? "

The way was that of an unknown, Mihoshi fell on the ground by roaring 
with surprise with enough force to wake the rest of the house. Tenchi 
arrived the first on the scene.

Tenchi: " That happen t ' it Mihoshi? ".
Mihoshi: " There. There. Say she pointing out the unknown ". 
Tenchi ' perceiving finally of a presence lament for enjoyment by 
recognizing the face.
Tenchi: " Older brother!!! " Roared t ' he by throwing itself into the 
arms of the man. " When is kept silent returned? Why not not m ' to have 
warned? "
???????: " Thank you for this small warm reception brother, I also I am 
satisfied to see again you, you m ' missed. To answer your question, I 
returned it there has 10 minutes and I did not say it to you to make you 
a surprise but surprise is for I , return hardly and I fall nose with 
nose with a beautiful unknown, OK surprise is pleasant but I remain 
vague, who is this girl? You found (finally) a girlfriend? "

Tenchi begins blushing and declares:

Tenchi: " Oh nononono but euh .... in your absence, my life in hem a 
little changed. Mihoshi, here is my brother Tetsuro he return from 
Europe. Tetsuro here is my guest Mihoshi ". (Tetsuro looks like Tenchi 
as a twin brother, hairstyle, face, age, corpulence and identical size 
but grey hair, almost white and eyes blue as the sky).

??????: " That happen t ' it? I a roaring listened " says Sasami who 
arrives on the scene.

Mihoshi: " Oh and well Tetsuro the older brother of Tenchi returned from 
a journey in Europe and as I did not know him, I ' was surprised " 
explains Mihoshi still under the shock of the meeting.

Sasami: " His older brother??? But it is a magnificent short story is " 
exulted Sasami with a big smile after a moment of surprise.

Washu and Ryoko arrives at their tour, after presentations everybody 
takes short story with enjoyment and with curiosity . Tenchi has never 
spoken about his brother.
Finally still very tired Ayeka arrives and asks her tour which is the 
newcomer.

Ryoko: " You always arrive in last princess you are really lazy " Ryoko 
with her your agitator says.
Ayeka: " Keep silent you about devil, I shall not be also tired if I did 
not have to inform of the housekeeping ".
Sasami: " Stop you two, Tetsuro has just just returned, he must be tired 
of the journey. "
Tetsuro: " Thank you Sasami but it does not disturb me, I am in the very 
happy to see an atmosphere also.... dynamics in my return ".
Washu: " But in the fact, Tenchi you have never said to us that you had 
a brother, why? "
Tenchi: " My brother left with making his just journey 2 weeks before I 
release Ryoko of his prison in the cave, me is never spoken you about it 
because I had it no occasion, after all Washu you spoke me about your 
family there is not so for a long time while you are here for months "
Washu: " So much the better, I found a new source of sample. In the fact 
that made you in Europe? " Washu asked Tetsuro

Tetsuro: " I had visited of the oldest libraries, museums and monuments 
because I am obsessed by the history. Now I summarize what happens in my 
absence: My brother lives now with two extraterrestrial princesses, a 
pirate, a policeman and a mad scientist with, in bonus, a " goddess " 
who lives in a tree and it in some months? Personally if I did not know 
my brother I shall not believe one second in all this history. "
Washu: " It is incredible but it is true, and an advice: NEVER CALL ME " 
mad scientist ".
Tetsuro: " Cool. Finally I suppose. And I I am going to give you another 
adviceNEVER TO SPEAK of " source of sample " by speaking about me (even 
though I am not sure to understand about what you speak when you said " 
Source of sample "), I am not an object and if I was one of it you 
should have to respect me all the same ". Your employee does not leave 
any possibility with Washu to emit some contesting.

Tetsuro: " However Tenchi, why not  kept me silent not prevented? All 
this history deserved that I am informed isn ' t it?! "

Tenchi " For 2 reasons: the first, you were impossible to close, a kept 
silent day was in Berlin, one day in Paris, another another day in 
London etc. .., and you , you never phoned . Second reason  is that you 
shall teach this history your return, by waiting for our father 
estimated that you were happier with a normal life.  

Tetsuro: " You and dad you was right . In the fact I did not see our 
father, where is he? "

Tenchi explains to his brother that their father remained to work late 
yesterday and that he will return only in the evening.

Somewhere else in another place of the galaxy, a strange being 
scrutinizes its screen
???????: " Well, my agent in got in touch, plan can begin but for the 
moment when it takes advantage of pleasures of a normal life, because it 
is not going to last ".
??????: " Think you who it is not too much risked to confide such a 
responsibility to a single man? He could to renounce! " A way says which 
all the fans of Tenchi Muyo well know.

??????: " Kagato .. I remember now why I left you  to help me in my 
task, you are an ally so careful and my only friend, but no anxiety, " 
he " is near for all the sacrifices, of somewhere else he knows that the 
life of the family. And his depend on it even though he ignores plan and 
my real identity, you even you made a very big sacrifice to be able to  
help me. Well I have to go out , during this time watch that Lemneus 
does not begin his last alteration , he is not still near. "
Kagato: " Well Lord but the goddess Tokimi risks to anticipate us ". 
???????: " Kagato, I already have you to prove that Tokimi, Washu and 
Tsunami is not a problem, I showed you things which make them very 
small, consequently your anxieties are absurd, and you know as well as 
me that Valkhan watches Tokimi more we have an ally in the place, an 
ally whom Tokimi will suspect never. Tokimi is not a problem .. she is 
even useful, for the moment let her wallow in the frenzies of greatness, 
she will fall when the time comes, now goodbye. "   Strange creature 
disappears then without even leaving a track leaving only Kagato with 
his thoughts.

Kagato: " The Lord Rehel is always also theatrical, but he is the most 
skillful tactician is that I know and the most patient, to wait for 75 
thousands years to realize his plan, everybody is not capable of it, he 
has all my respect since I met him it there ' has 1300 years, without 
him and the technology, never I shall have been able to arrest Washu. ". 

By thinking of Washu a glance of determination appears in Kagato's eye " 
Soon my small red devil, very soon. ". 

On earth Tetsuro takes Mihoshi to the bakery to buy a tart in apple. 
This making they take advantage of it to get acquainted.

Tetsuro: " So you arrived home accidentally? But why be started again 
you since? "
Mihoshi: " Because my leader wants that I watch Ryoko and to be on that 
the other guests of Tenchi are not noticed by the countrymen, and .. " 
Tetsuro: " And what? "

Mihoshi grave on knees and begin to cry.

Mihoshi: " And because I am so awkward, ithe wants to get rid of me .. 
nevertheless I swear that I make of my best. Ouinnnnnnn........ ". 

Tetsuro looks at the policeman in all her distress, he thinks again in 
the day of the death of his mother Achika and how much he and Tenchi was 
sad, he knows that Mihoshi's punishment is not also deep, but he knows 
also which pain represents tears. He kneels down in quoted by the girl 
and takes the hand.

Tetsuro: " Mihoshi, it is necessary sometimes to fall on the ground and 
cry then it is necessary to get up and to go from the front in search of 
the happiness. Let I help to get up and to dry your tears, that is the 
too precious good to spread them on the ground. If you need friend, 
shoulder to cry. Then I am there. " 

Mihoshi stops then crying and looks At Tetsuro with the big blue eyes, 
he so looks like Tenchi, he is so kind. Tenchi also is kind with Mihoshi 
but Tetsuro he gave evidence something that she had not known since she 
had left the family to enter the galactic police. The condolence. And 
especially (but maybe was it a false impression?) .... tenderness.? 

Tetsuro: " I have an idea Mihoshi, we are not going to buy a tart in 
apple! We are going to make it ourselves, you are not so awkward! I 
would help you it is a promise! "
Mihoshi: "Thank you". The galactic policeman gets up and begins again to 
smile, then she and Tetsuro goes to the most close grocer.

Tenchi he recovers from the rough return of his brother.

Tenchi: " I am satisfied that my brother returned at home but I am 
little worries. How goes he to accept the idea that he is also the heir 
of an extraterrestrial empire? In  he the same powers as me? If not how 
will react the royal family? If yes then have to I say to him? Will 
accept he situation? Because after all, what  arrives me since I met 
Ryoko is extraordinary! Myself, I put of time for me to accustom, and he 
whom will make he? " Tenchi frets during one hour with his questions and 
finally he says himself:

Tenchi: " Bah! I have no reason of me to worry, my brother in always 
known to make good decisions since his birth, he is not going to change 
today. he will accept this history.

During this time in the chamber Ayeka think that the last events will 
have big repercussions because it there has now a new prince of Jura‹ 
and as Tetsuro is the elder brother of Tenchi, it is he who will be one 
day an emperor, she could be obliged to marry him because of political 
pressures, but she is of Tenchi with whom she is in love raaaahhhh the 
return of this man puts a problem. Then Ayeka takes the head between the 
hands and says himself:

Ayeka: " Not, not I do not have to think that, it is a very good short 
story is to have a new member in my family especially that Tetsuro seems 
to be somebody of very well, I have to be delighted, I have no right to 
be unfortunate because of him, I do not want him. "

Sasami hearing a noise take out of the kitchen (why master key she its 
life in the kitchen? In almost all the fics it is always there that one 
sees her all the time) and go up to see her sister.

Sasami: " That happen  it big sister? I listened of the noise. Why 
lament you? The East what you  are hurt? . "
Ayeka: " Not. It is not anything Sasami, I am well,  I had of thought 
naughty girls but I stopped. "
Sasami: " Which thought naughty girls? I hope that it is not another 
quarrel with Ryoko! " 

Sasami was irritated in this thought. She had enough these ceaseless 
quarrels of it among Ryoko and Ayeka. In the beginning, she said himself 
that their quarrels would move closer them and that they would 
eventually become friendly and it had certainly been case. Ayeka was to 
go in pursuit of Kagato when this one had removed Ryoko and Ryoko had 
saved Ayeka's life when a column was going to crush her during the 
battle against Kagato. Sasami knew that his sister and the most good-
looking pirate of the galaxy was not any more deadly enemies but of 
simple rivals for Tenchi's heart even though Ryoko took a pleasure 
perverse to irritate constantly Ayeka. Nevertheless it was sometimes 
annoying of  quarrel for everything and for anything, finally she said 
himself that it returned also funnier life in general ..

Ayeka: " Not I thought of Tetsuro . "
Sasami: " Eh?!?!?! You thought ill of him? But why? He is quite kind as 
Tenchi!!!! "
Ayeka: " It is true but I had more political ideas before because 
Tetsuro is a prince of Jura‹, already that our father does not like very 
much Tenchi while will make he by learning the existence of Tetsuro? I 
am worried! "

By hearing it, a big smile lights Sasami's face:

Sasami: " Not  worry not, mom Misaki and aunt Funaho know how how to 
prevent our dad from making stupidities ". Ayeka wipes then a tear of 
her face with a smile.

Ayeka: " Yes you are right, thank you. "

Somewhere else in the onsen, Ryoko also thinks about the last events: 
she knew all the family of Tenchi because she was a prisoner of the cave 
in quoted by this family, then why has not she ever seen Tetsuro? Well, 
OK, she was conscious only when someone approached the cave, the rest of 
time she was occupied to regenerate to be able to ' escape a day. 
Forgetting Tetsuro she had a moment of homesickness, she remembered 
himself all the times when Tenchi had come to the cave. Of access he had 
been a baby, then a little boy, then a teenager, today he was a made 
well young man and soon, after a night of love with her, he would be a 
man, yes very soon. In this thought Ryoko had a philosophic thought 
(Yes, it can arrive at him but it is very rare, the last time when it 
had a philosophic thought, she was not still a prisoner of the cave), 
she loved Tenchi of all its heart, any sound to be and more still .. and 
nevertheless it was about to depreciate him by masturbating, it very 
fast spread  this thought by saying itself that it was a means as one 
other one to share a moment of intimacy with the one that she loved and 
began to examine the breast. Since sometime the breast had again a 
little swelled because of the secretion of milk. It was according to 
Washu a natural phenomenon, she also had known it he there ' has for a 
long time. Ryoko had everything of a blow envies to suck the right 
breast and began to incite the nipple with the end of its language while 
the other hand massed its left breast with force as to spring it the 
milk. She was confortable , the water was for the good temperature, 
anybody to disturb her and the artificial current of water installed by 
Washu seemed to caress her. Yes she was confortable , so only Tenchi was 
there to embrace her and to squeeze her hardly against his heart then  
would not miss anything, the milk of the right breast began in ' to 
exhaust, she passed so in the left breast whereas the hand began in to 
risk between the thighs, she wondered of somewhere else how she had made 
to remain virgin 5000 years of existence, itwas the circumstances who 
had allowed him but it was all the same surprising. His caresses 
continued, when she had emptied the left breast, she began to bring the 
two hands at the level of the sex and to caress  with delicacy, groans 
were then listened:

Ryoko: " Ooooooh Tenchi, why do not answer you my love? What is what 
displeases you in me who am only love for you? " When after 15 minutes 
she  had finished the pleasure she decided that it was time. Either 
Tenchi accepted his love, either (she shivered in this thought) he did 
not accept him but in every case it was time he decides. But which plan 
could she finalize so that Tenchi takes her seriously? And then she did 
not hate Ayeka, she was ready to accept her how friend to see how a 
sister if she not set not against the love for Tenchi, can be could she 
find a solution, she was not blind, she saw although Tenchi hesitated 
among these she and Ayeka and although because of it only Tenchi had not 
answered his feelings, she knew that. Because after all, even though she 
had not made scientific studies she had all the same inherited from a 
part of the intelligence of her mother for certain things. Yes!! She 
would find a solution with Ayeka, moreover Tetsuro seemed endowed with a 
certain talent to adjust problems especially that he was very attentive 
to his brother, he could maybe help to find a happy classification for 
herself, for Tenchi and for Ayeka. Yes, the decision was taken, it would 
speak about it tomorrow to Tetsuro.

At the same moment in a dark cave the biggest scholar of the universe (  
as far as proof opposite) scrutinized his test tube in search of an 
answer: How could she obtain a sample of Tetsuro's sperm? This last one 
seemed much more reluctant than Tenchi and she could not be resolved to 
rape him . She was able to to make him with Tenchi because finally this 
one was not opposite to be treated in this way (after all to meet itself 
bare attached to a table with a beautiful girl who he hem. " The semen 
with the hands whites extracted manually " was not an unpleasant 
situation), but his brother, him, seemed much more determined not to 
give in to her. An idea made then in its spirit: Tetsuro was a man so it 
there had of strong chance that he finds relief sexually from time to 
time by masturbation, she had only to watch him closely and to be in the 
good place, at the right time. Yes idea was simple but excellent, it had 
only to show himself patient. In this thought, the small two mechanical 
Washu rise on the shoulders 

Washu A: " You are a genius Washu "

Washu B: " You are biggest Washu " (Hold? It is curious I have the 
impression of already heard resources that somewhere.)

Washu: " But I can not watch him all the time neither, how can it be 
done ? I know! I am going to build a small " Washu C ", loaded to watch 
Tetsuro permanently and to relate the sperm at the first opportunity, it 
will saveme numerous efforts! " The scholar declares who possesses the 
most original hairstyle of the planet (what is not disagreeable in 
fact).

About 1 hour later, Tetsuro and Mihoshi returns at home, Tetsuro is 
sweaty under the weight of the packages which he has to carry not that 
packages are very heavy because he was extremely strong for a countryman 
but he had to transport about fifteen bag at the same time, balance was 
precarious: he would have thought only Mihoshi so loved tarts in the 
apples which she would buy of what to make a ten of it, nevertheless it 
was satisfied to see her shining with happiness and with greed as a 
child, he was.... Fond.

Tetsuro: " Hem Mihoshi, I have a thing to be made, I have it for small 
hour, in my return we shall make the tart ".

Mihoshi: " OK, I wait for you ".

Still somewhere else, in the sanctuary, Katsuhito had learnt Tetsuro's 
return and this short story did not please him . He and Tetsuro was in 
cold for years, since Tetsuro had refused to learn the manipulation of 
weapons and sword. He had tried well to convince his grandson but this 
one had broken quite net the sabre by declaring that he did not want to 
know how to how kill people. Katsuhito had naturally tried to convince 
him that that is a domestic tradition, that credibly he would never need 
to use a sword in the modern world, and that c ' was a means, possibly , 
to protect those that he loved and finally that to receive a training in 
the sword was a big honor. Tetsuro had answered that certain traditions 
must be overruled, that because he would never need to use a sword it 
was consequently useless to learn, that " to be strong to protect those 
that one loves " was an idea for mangas and what honors returned with 
weapons was a dishonor for him. But check after all he was all the same 
his grandson whom he had not seen for one year, he had at least to go to 
greet him by pure courtesy. He would go when Nobuyuki would return, so 
he could make traditional safety and start again quickly in the 
sanctuary, without having to dash into long bursts. He was completely 
lost in the reflections when a way called him:

Tetsuro: " My respects grandfather, how go you? " Telling  Tetsuro by 
going out of the forest which surrounds the sanctuary. Katsuhito was 
stunned: it made 10 years when his grandson had not come to the 
sanctuary! They met only when Katsuhito came to see her family. 

Katsuhito: " Euh hello. I am right, thank you. But call I it makes for a 
long time that I not saw here, why are kept silent there? " Telling 
Katsuhito stumbling over words because of the surprise. 

Tetsuro: " I came to see you as I would have had to make him for a long 
time now, you and I let us have to have a conversation on the training 
in the sabre that you want to lavish me for years .. "

Katsuhito: " Really? And what want you discuss? Reasons for which you 
refuse to learn the manipulation of weapons? It seems to me that we 
already have to study question under all the sights, that want you add? 
"

Tetsuro: " I want to add that I changed opinion. I want to receive 
training ". Tetsuro with a way as joyful as a door of prison says.

Katsuhito: ****** " WHAT?!? " But why? Why after 10 years of refusal do 
you change opinion? Which is this novelty? ".

Tetsuro: " Because during my year to read the oldest books of the world 
in Europe, j ' had the time to understand 2 or 3 important little gifts. 
For example that I had the chance to have a grandfather and that I 
should have to take advantage of it. I find damage that I have to learn 
anything which suffers me so that my grandfather can love me but if 
receive a training in weapons contribute to move closer us then I am OK. 
I understood however they are not the weapons which are dangerous but 
people who want to use them ".

Katsuhito's face became pale, a passer-by of the red complexion in one 
whiteness spotless as the snow. He did not how know how to react to this 
statement " To make what suffers you to be loved ". Question did not 
date of yesterday but never he had heard her as he heard him at the 
moment in the head " Suffering to be loved .. to suffer to be loved .. 
to suffer .. loved .. and he began to wonder if he had been, maybe , a 
stupid .. but he was too much disturbed to change opinion as it in 5 
minutes . . 

Tetsuro: " I have nevertheless a wish and a condition grandfather. Of 
access as wish I want to develop my own style of fight, I do not want to 
learn such or such movement, I want to manage quite only ".

Katsuhito: " And condition? " Katsuhito being still unaware if he had to 
be delighted at the change of attitude of his grandson or if he had to 
feel shameful of his own behavior.

Tetsuro: " Condition is very simple: I shall not fight against Tenchi, 
unless he even wish him really, he is my brother and I refuse 
categorically to hurt him against its will, the idea that I shall be 
able to hurt him is unbearable for me ". Determination in the glance of 
Tetsuro made understand clearly that nothing would make for his change 
opinion. It was not a problem for Katsuhito because anyway Tenchi would 
certainly like to confront to his older brother sooner or later because 
generally the brothers want to confront some in the others to prove 
their values. Tetsuro escaped this rule but it was not the case of 
Tenchi, Katsuhito was it persuaded.

Katsuhito: " Your wish and your condition are accepted, training will 
begin tomorrow afternoon ". It being said, Tetsuro returns it to the 
house to inform about it his brother.

In a place which few people saw, Tsunami also meditates. Tsunami had 
learnt the existence of Tetsuro due to her link with Sasami. She thought 
a lot of him but for reasons which are not sentimental. She had arranged 
Tenchi's birth but Tetsuro's birth was an unforeseen. She had approached 
the young man without him/her knowing and she remained worried because 
she felt that something did not go! She had observed the body to the 
atomic structure, he was well the brother of Tenchi, it was neither a 
clone, nor a being come from the another dimension, nor the cheat, it 
did not make any doubt but nevertheless it for it had questions which 
remained without answers for example she had not been able to read the 
thoughts, it had yet never arrived at her, he even had no possibility of 
calling the wings of the falcon of light, it was only the terran / 
Jura‹an common, as much as possible for a half-blood and nevertheless 
that she is a goddess she did not understand it that she saw: A body 
terran / jura‹an with a spirit so clear as she could not read it and 
nevertheless she did not smell any " psychic shield " all that she could 
see it was her personality: She saw a lot of tenderness and condolence 
to his brother and his friends, of the sadness and the sorrow for the 
death of his mother and for the misfortune of the others, the generosity 
and a big lucidity, the determination also. Finally she says himself: 

Tsunami: " Check my investigations not  learn me anything. Apparently 
this man is not as the others but it is animated that by good 
intentions, I am going to wait and when the girls him will have better 
integrated he will confide certainly. However maybe that my sister Washu 
and the machines will be able to make something for to help me to 
understand ".

Very far in a spaceship hidden with a black hole, a woman smiles to her 
servant:

Tokimi: " D3, have you chastise Clay for his defeat? "

D3: " Naturally majesty, at the moment even, the professor Clay got 
acquainted with the enjoyments of the torture of the boss executioner 
Arisma, he will be released only in two hours. If he survives ".
Tokimi: " Ooooooh, but he will survive: I punish by the torture, not by 
the death. Because the deaths do not serve me any more. Well go to look 
me For Zephor, for my son in certainly finalized  a strategy, completed 
as usually, to arrest Washu ".

In this thought Tokimi dived back into the consideration: His son. 
Zephor..... She did not always know how he had come into the world. One 
day she had had a sickness and the womb had begun in inflated against 
its will, she had to tempt of  to free of it but the efforts were to 
remain inutile : the power could not anything and Clay's science was 
unsuitable for its divine nature, the scalpel could not operate a being 
who lived simultaneously in several dimmensional levels. At the end of 
four in the daytime the child came into the world. In the beginning she 
was resolved to kill him but curiosity prevailed: how had she was able 
to to give birth? In this time, she  had no sexual relation for a long 
time. The child grows, she offered him the best professors as Clay to 
form him. Although his son is a being of flesh and blood and not a 
creature of pure energy as she, she was all the same very satisfied with 
the capacities: he had learnt the mastery of the wings of the falcon of 
light, he had a spirit without moral weakness, he had built 2 robot 
incredibly sophisticated: Dimorgo and Chronorgo. Yes. Tokimi did not 
regret to have spared the child even though his birth remained a 
mystery. Zephor was only 9 years old but he was as well evolved as an 
adult, his mother was assured herself that he grows fast and well. 
Today, he did not know any more rivals in the domains of the science as 
in the domains of the life, only Washu could equal him. Tokimi was 
interrupted in his thoughts.

Zephor: " You  called me up, mother? What may I make for you? "

Tokimi: " Clay failed!! I load you to arrest Washu quickly! "

Zephor: " I  have already a plan. Let I show myself, mother. "

A being looking like a mass of liquid metal enters the room.

Tokimi: " Which is this.... thing? "

Zephor: " It is a sort of robotics virus is, he acts on the nervous 
system of the victim which becomes my slave. He can not work on the 
beings of pure energy as you, but even though Washu is made, at time 
normal of pure energy, she lives for the moment in a body of flesh and 
blood, she can be so subjected as everything the human beings. Only 
inconvenience, it is that the machines protect her from this kind of 
attack, it is necessary so to find a person close to her to inoculate 
virus. But I believe to have to find a person whom she will not 
distrust. A simple but effective tactics if it is led correctly. "

Tokimi: " Well, I rely on you. Acts fast and well because nobody has to 
suspect o something before Washu is in front of me! "

Zephor: " Well mother ". On this statement Zephor disappears having 
greeted her royal parent.

Near Tokimi's vessel but undetectable, in a small bun a spectator 
observes:

Valkhan: " Then Tokimi persists in wanting to remove Washu? Hem.... It 
is can be a little bit too much early. The Lord Rehel must be informed, 
the spy is in place, I have only has to ask for new instructions ". The 
being presses then on its computer and contacts the vessel of its 
leader. Kagato appears on the screen:

Valkhan: " Mister Kagato? I have to speak with the Lord Rehel, Tokimi 
does it again in her attempt to remove Washu! "

Kagato: " The Lord Rehel is absent, he  has to order to leave Tokimi to 
remove Washu if she could him. Continue your surveillance ".

Valkhan: "OK".

 Valkhan was dressed of simple one grey coat the face was masked by one 
of the mist black, only the eyes were visible, eyes of a changeable 
colour going from the white to the black by way of the red, the green 
and many of the other colours. The hands were covered with metal as well 
as its feet. As the past life seemed to him far now. He remembered 
himself the time when he was a common human being. Happy with his lover. 
Then the day came when a mysterious enemy destroyed his galaxy in some 
hours, Valkhan had to his survival only in the intervention in - 
extremis of hisher boss. It was too late to save his friends and his 
lover but not too late to save him he, Rehel gave him a new identity, a 
new purpose, he took out Valkhan of the nervous breakdown into whom he 
had sunk. Beecause at first Valkhan had wanted to die, his own planet 
had been reduced to the state of cold and sluggish material, he was the 
only survivor, it was difficult to accept but due to Rehel he reached 
there. He would be always grateful to his Lord even though he knew that 
this one had saved his life only to serve his own plans, but one day he 
would take revenge for the entity responsible for the death of those 
that he loved, he had maintaining time, day he would have so enough 
power.

On Earth, someone has more common preoccupations:

Nobuyuki had a depressing weekend. In the first place it in summer 
obliged to work during two days, even the night, on a project of 
construction for a bridge, then the ice cream which it had bought to 
console had melted in the car and to crown the day, it was taken for 
four hours in a traffic jam. Finally, he consoled by thinking of its bed 
and the fact that Tenchi was surrounded with beautiful girls, maybe that 
in the absence his son had made a decision and " had become a man ". In 
this thought Nobuyuki had a smile:

Nobuyuki: " Aaaaaaaaah. If my son could decided him . . ".

In Rehel's vessel, the one that the one names Lemneus is plunged into a 
healing liquid, the last alteration was very testing. He had now black 
wings and crystalline as that of insects besides the green scales which 
had covered the body 6 months previously. But the transformation in 
monster and the sufferings were necessary to have power necessary for 
the plan, the control of the dimensionnal energy would be ultimate stage 
but it had to wait, it was too much early. He also thought of the past. 
In this time, he had just lost his mother and some years later, his 
father died from disease, the second wife of his father was not an ideal 
mother, after all it was a marriage arranged for political reasons 
between noble families. But what he considered as ignoble. He cursed the 
rest of the family which saw in him only an illegitimate child, he had 
not known happiness since his father had died, however, his new Lord was 
a being effectively terrifying but which knew how to reward his loyal 
servants, he would give him a second chance if plan succeeded but 
everything rested on he did not ignore it. Success depended on the 
secret it was the reason for which he had to appeal Lemneus quite as 
Valkhan had to appeal Valkhan, it was not their true names but soon this 
ridiculous masquerade although necessities would finish. Then he took 
every pains, every new deformities with the smile. 

Now read what it there has at the bottom of the page, it is very 
important.



 -----------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------- 
My Fic pleased you? I know, it must be a little bit difficult to read 
but my translation software is imperfect, it can translate words but not 
the common expressions. I make of my best. This fan - fiction is also 
YOUR, so, to send I your comments to the following address:
      
      www.yiukiu@aol.fr

I want to make a Trio " Ryoko-Tetsuro-Mihoshi " rather than a trio " 
Ayeka-Tenchi-Ryoko " as one often sees. That those that approve this 
idea m ' write, that those that disapprove m ' write also, final result 
will depend on YOU.
Check! Now the main persons are indicated, history can begin. The 
continuation of " The inheritance of the ancient " in " Family and 
politics ".

