Standard Disclaimer: I AM NOT MAKING ANY MONEY OFF DIS SHIT SO DON'T SUE A
JUGGALO.

The night was heavy. It was the middle of summer so everyone was used to it
being a little hotter than usual. K moved back in with Tenchi's family after

Epion and Quazar went to Jurai to keep an eye on Sasami. Life was pretty
good
for K. He'd been learning how to juggle his knives like Quazar and Kiyone
and
Mihoshi who also moved back in was helping him with his gun slinging. In the

last few nights he's been suspecting that someone might be in the house at
night that shouldn't be. Kiyone and Mihoshi were expecting that it was a
famous pirate here to ‘rescue' Ryoko and they'd catch them and be heros.
Since their suspicions began they've been hearing small noises late at
night.
They assumed Sasami had something to do with it since every mourning since
she's been unusually quiet and seemingly depressed. She never mentioned why
but they all knew she had something to do with the noises. Unfortunately if
they did find what or who was making the noises they really couldn't do
anything. Kiyone and Mihoshi had to pawn their weapons to buy food, Ryoko
had
K's knives and K's arm was broken. One late night K was pretty drunk and
went
to bed early. Kiyone and Mihoshi heard the noises getting louder that night
and decided to follow them even if they were unarmed. They didn't bother
getting K, he sobered up very quickly but it they couldn't wait the hour.
The
followed the faint sound down the hall and down the stairs. Eventually the
sounds was discovered coming form Washu's lab. They opened the door slowly
and walked into the lab. A set of spiral stairs were put in place of the
elevators. They proceeded down the stairs quietly. When they reached the
bottom they saw a room that wasn't usually there. They crept over and pushed

the door open slightly. Inside they saw Ryoko and Ayeka holding Sasami down
to a bed. They were all naked. Sasami was squirming to get away but Ryoko
and
Ayeka were more than enough to hold her still.  Kiyone and Mihoshi couldn't
believe what they were seeing.

"Kiyone what are they doing?"

"What! Who's there!?"

"Eehhh way to go Mihoshi, lets get outta here!"

"Heh, Ryoko would you mind?"

"Not at all."

Ryoko flew forward to catch the young officers. When she did they struggled
to get away but to no avail. She dragged them both back to the room. Ayeka
grabbed Mihoshi and tore her clothes off as Ryoko did the same to Kiyone.

"Eh! What are you doing? Stop this!"

"We're just having some fun Kiyone."

Ryoko was holding Kiyone down by her shoulders and was sitting on her
stomach. She leaned forward and tried to kiss her but Kiyone resisted just
enough to avoid it. A few feet over Ayeka was sitting on Mihoshi but she
wasn't resisting like Kiyone. Washu was working on Sasami over on the bed.

"Well Kiyone I'm sorry your not into this sort of stuff but....you will be."

Ryoko ran her index finger from Kiyone's bottom lip down past her breasts,
down her stomach until it reached it's destination. As Ryoko's finger rolled

down Kiyone's clit she tried to kiss her again and this time it worked. As
their lips touched Kiyone relaxed just a little bit. Ryoko then pushed her
finger into the officer's clit. Kiyone squeezed her eyes tight. When she
opened her eyes she looked over to Mihoshi to see her actually participating

with Ayeka! It looked like she was actually enjoying herself even though
Kiyone wasn't.

"Please Ryoko, let me go."

Ryoko kissed Kiyone again and caressed her cheek bone with her thumb. Ryoko
started to stare deeply into Kiyone's eyes.

"Hmm."

Once again Ryoko started to kiss Kiyone. She sucked on her bottom lip for a
second and then started to kiss her neck. She started to slither down slowly

kissing Kiyone body along the way until she was staring at Kiyone sex. She
gave a soft laugh and started to kiss the teal patch of hair. Kiyone gasped
and tried to push Ryoko away. She reached up and grabbed Kiyone's wrist and
held her still. Kiyone laid her head back. She knew she couldn't do
anything.
Why did she go down there? Why didn't she try to wake K up first? That's it.

K!

"K!!!! Help us!"

Ryoko slapped Kiyone across the face.

"Now why can't you just enjoy yourself like Mihoshi?"

Kiyone didn't bother answering. She just stared at Ryoko coldly. Again Ryoko

slapped Kiyone in the face.

"Oh, Ayeka, are you just about finished with her? I wanna switch. Kiyone's
not very fun!"

"No! I'm staying right here."

A soft thumping could be heard coming down the stairs.

"K! Help!"

In deed it was K but he seemed un phased by what was going on.

"Ugh, Ryoko. Can I have my knives back? I wanna try juggling with my one
good
hand."

"Eh, sure their over there."

Ryoko started to lick Kiyone's breast again and gently nibble on her
nipples.

"K! Help me!"

"What? Who are you?"

"Oh no! He's still drunk!"

"What? Whatever lady."

K started to walk back up the stairs again. As he reached the half way point

he started walking back he finally sobered up.

"Wait a second! Ryoko why? That's all I wanna know is why."

"K...we're just trying to enjoy ourselves."

"That's no excuse. If you take my knives that's one thing but when you steal

my cigarettes it's totally different!"

"No K, you left them here when you were working on the masses remember?"

"...Oh yeah. Well as we say on the streets ‘my bad'."

"K I can't believe you! You're just gonna leave me here?"

"........no."

K went over to Ryoko and pulled her up. He whispered something into her ear
and left. As he was leaving Washu called him.

"Um, K sweety do you think we could keep that pack?"

K pulled one cigarette out, lit it and tossed Washu the pack. Then he did
leave uninterupted.

"K!"

"Heh. Now I know what you want."

Ryoko laid back down on top of Kiyone and nibbed her ear lobe. Kiyone gave a

little ‘ah' of pleasure.

"Hmm. That's better."

Ryoko laid flay on Kiyone and began to tap her ear with her tongue. Kiyone
put her hands on Ryoko sides and shifted her slender body. Ryoko stopped
licking and began to stare at Kiyone. The officer grabbed the sides of
Ryoko's head and pulled her close. Kiyone kissed Ryoko and didn't waste any
time. She immediately slipped her tongue into Ryoko's mouth. When she let
her
go Ryoko was little more than surprised.

"Kiyone....."

"I'm sorry Ryoko but I can't lie anymore."

Kiyone grabbed Ryoko's hips and pulled her a little higher. She began to
suck
on her soft breast.

"Oh! Kiyone..."

"Ryoko...ssshhhh."

Kiyone started to kiss the demon again. She glanced over to Ayeka and
Mihoshi. She gave a soft laugh. They were asleep. She tried to keep from
looking at Sasami and Washu because they were just kids. Ryoko grabbed
Kiyone's hips and rolled her over. Kiyone now was on top of the space pirate

and she began to slide down Ryoko's body kissing quickly. Just then K ran
back down the stairs.

"Eh, I just realized what was going on down here. You know I try to be cool
with any thing anyone does but my god. Ugh. I mean if ya'll wanna get into
voyeurism that's alright with me but I've got a pretty good feeling Sasami
doesn't want in on this. So um, Washu, get back.

"Mmmmmm. No, I think Sasami's enjoying herself."

"Sasami, are you enjoying yourself?"

The young princess shook her head quickly.

"See? Now back off."

"NO!"

K drew a gun from under his jacket and fired a shot between Washu and
Sasami.
Washu jumped back and Sasami ran to K.

"Lord.....alright you may now continue with your....thing just do a favor
and
keep it down, I gatta headache."

K and Sasami went back upstairs. Upon reaching the top Sasami fell to her
knees and started crying. K went upstairs and got Sasami some clothes. K
went
back and locked the lab door from the outside so everyone was trapped.

-To Be Continued (This will be continued in a regular story.)
