Insatiable

WARNING!  Incase you didn't already know, THIS IS A LEMON!  It's graphic!
It's sex!  So if you're not legal to read it, go play somewhere else!

Disclaimer:  I don't own anything in reguards to Tenchi Muyo.  Actually,
I own nothing you se here, excpet the plot and spelling errors!  No profit off
this anyhow, it's just for perverse entertainment.  >=oD

MMwahaha..  Now, if you have any feedback (Love it! Hate It! Encore!) Tell me!
You can get ahold of me through email at (Onyx_frost@yahoo.com) or through
AIM by the SN: GinOhki   

Flames will be handed over to my attack bird for a snack!

Gin AkA: Onyx Frost


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Down below the stairs in the hall, there lies a door.  What lies beyond that 
door was once just your everyday utility closet.  Well not these days.  No, 
these days it was the gateway to another world.  Well, five other worlds to 
be exact.  These are the five planets that contain the laboratory of the 
Greatest Genius ever to grace the multiverse, Washuu!  (just ask her 
yourself!)  Normally, one would not even know of, let alone be granted access 
to anything beyond the second planet.  But today, in the depths of the third, 
we find our genius and her daughter, lounging in a hotspring.  Overhead, a 
rather purple hued sky and bright sun could be viewd.  The two were 
conversing rather conspiritorialy.  

"So all I have to do is go get her.  She's not just going to come in here 
because I asked her to.  It doesn't work that way."  

Washuu waved the comment off and smoothed the green bath suit along her arms.  
Which was, basically the only thing it covered.  From collar bone to finger 
tips the suit stretched.  It only covered part of her shoulder blades, and 
only the beginning mound of her breast.  This was far more becoming on her 
now, in her adult form then it is in her child form.  Usualy in the bath, 
she'd tie her hair back, but today it was loose, and spread along side her in 
the water like it was framing her striking curves.  "Nothing to worry about.  
Just tell her Tenchi needs her, she'll be here in a flash, just as you would."  

Ryouko looked a little peeved at the comment, but nodded and disappeared, 
teleported into the house.  "AYEKA!"  She called, really not knowing where her 
rival was.

Aeka really wasn't that far from the teleporting Ryouko so that when the shrill 
yell of her rival echoed in the house, she jumped.  That girl had no manners!  
Reddish oculars narrowed as she turned her head, causing those exotic purple
tresses of hers to gently ripple as a hand left the broom handle to adjust her 
headband that helped to signify her importance as the First Crown Princess of 
Jurai  "There is no need to yell, Ryouko.  I am here."  

Footsteps had the young princess around the corner and in the hall with the 
space pirate in no time.  Those oculars then focused on the teleportee as her 
lips formed a thin line.  'Hmph!  The nerve of her!  Yelling at royalty.'  Almost 
if on mark, she began speaking softly but with just a hint of irritation::  I must 
say, Ryouko, it isn't very polite to yell in Lord Tenchi's house.  What if his 
father was napping?"  Aeka sounded polite and sweet but the narrowed eyes and the 
way her hands were gripping the broom showed otherwise.

Ryouko smirked.  "That pervert is never home anyhow."  She grinned and couldn't 
resist putting a few jabs in, like a prequel to the real show, waiting on the 
third planet under the stairs. "Besides, who cares about him?  I know a certain 
princess who's another year older, and that much more of a spinster!"  Well that 
wasn't so bad, but she hadn't cut loose yet. 

Oh, the grin deepened, signaling the start of the match.  "And what do we want for 
our birthday this year Miss Priss?  Wishing for all the flab in your ass to move 
up to a more lacking position on your chest?!"  

Now Ryouko was in her red, full body catsuit with the white dress and orange and 
green jacket over it.  The one she knew Ayeka hated bacause she couldn't wear such 
a thing herself.  It was cut low on the chest, accentuation her, well, to use 
Washuu's favorite word, perfect breasts.  She crossed her arms just under her chest, 
pushing them up all the more, so it almost seemed like the garment was not going to 
be enough to.. control her assets.  In fact, she did seem to be a little more brazen 
today, daring to boost her chest up just enough so that her nipples just barely 
peeked out from behind the cloth.
 
There was a soft gasp from her lips as she recieved this verbal assualt from her 
rival.  For a brief moment, she had hoped that Ryouko had changed her ways if even 
for today. "I.. you.. ohhhhhhhh, Ryouko!  How dare you speak to me like that?!  It's 
that very behaviour that will send Lord Tenchi into my arms and not those of a space 
harlot! HMPH!"  With that, she spun on her heels so that the twin tendrils of dark 
hair that framed her face nearly lashed out.  

She was bothered.  It wasn't hard to see.  Everybody knew that Aeka's sore spot was 
her body!  It wasn't that she had small breasts but when compared to Ryouko's, she 
was insufficient.  And the nerve of the space pirate always seemed to get under her 
skin!  The brazen show of that cleavage!  And those nipples!  Why.. she.. couldn't.. 
stop.. thinking.. about.. Another shake of her head had her mind clearing.  "What do 
you want, Ryouko?"

Ryouko grinned, knowing she had won that round.  Only one battle in the war, but 
every victory should be cherished.  "I was sent to find you.  Tenchi has a surprise 
for you, but you have to go down there to get it." She grinned all the more, pointing 
one slender finger towards the door to the dungeon.  Well, that's how they looked at 
it.  Going down there was almost certain to get you tied down, violated with tests 
and Tsunami knows what else.  Ryouko and Tenchi knew this better then anyone, so it 
almost seemed suspicious that they would set up anything down there.  

On the other hand, it was the only place they'd be able to do anything without Ayeka 
noticing.  Everyone knew you didn't venture into Washuu's territory without some sort 
of plan to get out again, and uaully that meant you went with a partner. Washuu rarely 
ever snagged anyone if someone was with them.  And with no one else around.. well, 
Ayeka was stuck with Ryouko as a partner.  And that knowledge, coupled with the 
knowledge of the plans that were set, made our saucy little space pirate grin all the 
more, her fangs and molten feline eyes glinting mischeviously, yes something was 
definately up.

Suspicion.  Happiness.  In her head, it was on a scale but those words of her Tenchi 
preparing a surprise for HER and not Ryouko pushed all the dark thoughts out of her 
mind.  "Lord.. Tenchi.. did.. something.. for me?"  Oh, the words were soft as she 
gently sat the broom against the wall.  She was royalty.  Royalty acted proper.  
Act, Aeka!  Slowly, she turned so that she faced the space pirate and no, she didn't 
glance at the exposed cleavage, no salt for this wound.  "Very well, Ryouko.  I will 
forgive your snotty comments to me since today is my birthday and something to be 
treasured.  I can only imagine that a fossil such as yourself has no need for 
birthdays."  

Touche.  A snide smile crossed her lips as her arms slid over her stomach, her hands 
sliding into the wide sleeves of her Jurian robe.  A slight nod was given to Ryouko 
as she moved by the pirate.  Either she had missed the impish glee look on that face 
or she choose to ignore it.  Probally the latter but still, she went do the door and
as it opened, she stepped through the threshold.

Ryouko growled as she floated along behind the Princess.  'FOSSIL'?!  How dare she!  
She was about to reply by giving a perscription along the lines of a singed booty, 
but then just grinned as she realized Ayeka would get what she deserved soon enough.  
So with a rather snide smirk of her own, she flew right over the princess, twisting 
in mid air so that she showed off her curves as she passed the grounded woman.  "Yeah, 
whatever you prude! It's this way..  Unless youd rather get lost down here." She 
grinned again in the dim light.  "I know you're probably scared to see Tenchi now, 
and it's only your 'prim and proper' training tha keeps you from wetting your pants!"
She sniggered to herself and led the way, floating at a lazy speed so Ayeka could keep 
up, all the while playfully twisting and flipping like a twitterpated jaybird.  But 
really, ever twist and turn was precisely made, giving quite a nice show of what 
Ryouko had to offer physically.

"Ooooooooh, Ryouko!  I will never wet my pants!  It's not proper!"  They were the snake 
and the mongoose, the dog and the cat, the hero and the villian.  They would always 
ramble about how much they hated one another.  However, the thought of getting lost in 
Washuu's domain was more than enough to keep her pace slightly faster than usual.  
After all, at the end of the journey was her Lord Tenchi with gifts!  

And then, something random struck her as she glanced up to the floating Ryouko.  
Beauty.  Russet eyes widened just slightly as the light from various instruments 
cast a glow on the space witch and those curves were so, how did males put it?  
Inviting.  She was no prude in the body department.  She was ample in the right 
spots but her royal robes hid her curves.  A blink and a slight stumble woke her 
from that train of thought and a mental scold followed.  She was thinking about 
RYOUKO!  Bad bad bad news!  

A hand appeared from the sleeves of her robes and again, went to her forehead to 
adjust her headband as she mumbled her retaliation.  "Besides, wetting your pants 
is something cowardly space pirates do when confronted by a superiour enemy.  
Such as you and me, Ryouko."

Ryouko twisted again so she was parallel witht he floor, on her back, as it were, 
peering at the Princess over the mounds of her breasts.  And she laughed.  "Superior 
enemy!  That's a good one Ayeka, tell me another!  Ha!  I'm the only one to ever 
break through Jurai's defences and destroy half the plant!  I would have gotten 
farther if not for Yousho, and he only beat me because I was fighting Kagatou in 
my mind at the same time!  Superior enemy my ass!"  

She laughed more and shook her head, pushing open a door that just popped into 
existance as her hand reached it.  She motioned for Ayeka to enter.  "It's your 
surprise Prude."  And surprise it would be!  Tenchi didn't lie on the other side 
of that door, no..  Washuu's mecha's did, and they were ready for her.  From there, 
she would be transported to the hotspring, where Ryouko would meet up with her, and 
be ready for a little revenge by way of healthy humiliation.  

Oh, she got goosebumps just htinking about it!  Ayeka may be her rival for Tenchi's 
affections, but she was her best friend at the same time.  Now how many girls can 
honestly say they never thought about their girlfriends in a more.. sexual way?  

Now Ryouko has been working things out with Washuu, trying to accept things and get 
along more like a mother/daughter team should.  It worked out to more than that now, 
but no one in the house knew that, save for Kiyone and Mihoshi perhaps, but they 
never said anyhting if they knew.

"I am not a prude, Ryouko!  How dare you say that?!"  Was Ryouko intentially doing 
this?  The floating on air and showing off her body?  It wasn't fair that she was so 
feminant and got to play around like that!  The Princess frowned as she looked into 
the feline eyes of the other girl over the ample mounds and then, she felt it.  A 
slow familiar tingle moving over her body.  

Oh my.  A slight blush hit her cheeks as she realized that, once again, she was 
feeling aroused for some awful reason.  How could the one that infuriated her make 
her feel like this?  

She didn't even pay attention to the door as it appeared and with a small "Hmph," 
as if to dismiss Ryouko, she stepped through.  "Lord Tenchi?  Reddish orbs widened 
instantly as she spotted her real surprise.  No Lord Tenchi but mechas.  She spun 
on her heels, ready to dive through the door if needed by it wouldn't work as the 
mechas came to life and seized her.

Ryouko grinned as Ayeka tried to escape, then teleported herself.  The door 
disapeared with her, so the last thing Ayeka gets to see is the triumphant grin 
speard over her rivals angular features.  

Now the Mecha was fast, and precise. She was quickly bound, and her tiara was taken, 
to ensure that she could not focus her Jurai power.  Once she was tied to the 
specifications of their programming, that being, she was nude, bound with what 
seemed to be deep purple velvet (it was actually something much stronger) to the 
point she could only move enough to struggle helplessly, she was teleported to the 
hotsrping, where she unceremoniously fell into the water.  

Likely it would have been enough to drown her, but a stong pair of arms was there 
to catch her.  Tenchi perhaps?  No, the soft pillow wasn't resting on Tenchi's 
chest, it appeard to *be* Tenchi's chest.  Couldn't be tenchi, it was female.  
'Ryouko?'  No, the hold was far more gentle than Ryouko seemed capable of.

There was a pause as whoever it was, let her get her bearings before continuing.  
"Glad to see you could make it Ayeka." 

'Washuu?'  But her voice was deep and sultry.  Ayeka had only heard it once 
before, when Little Taro had been fatched by Tenchi's aunt.  

Washuu was still clad in her odd swim suit, and cradled the inert princess to her 
chest in an almost motherly manner.  After a moment, she began to settle the girl 
into the water, allowing her to see more then just her chest.  Ryouko was squating 
nearby, that triumphant grin still plastered on her lips.  She was nude now, as 
Ayeka had seen her many times in the Onsen.

Confusion was the main emotion running through the mind of the Jurian Princess as 
she had been stripped and bound.  Now, she found herself here!  At first, she had 
felt sick.  After all, a flurry of movement like that wasn't good for a princess.  
Then, she had felt the warm skin of Washuu.  That got her pink eyes blinking as 
she was settled into the water, the warm fluid seeming to caress her body.  So, 
she was nude and her body was exposed to them.  Her hair floated behind her as she 
looked at Washuu and her lower lip trembled slightly.  She squirmed but to no avil.  

Her breasts, medium sized, jiggled with the motion even as she turned her eyes away 
from Washuu.  She had to and right then.  Washuu was brilliant but in her adult 
form, Washuu was down right beautiful.  

So, let's focus on the bad.  Narrowed eyes fell on the grinning Ryouko as she 
squirmed.  "Ryouko, release me!  I don't know what sort of games you wish to play 
but I will have no part in it!  I'm a Jurian Princess!  Washuu, talk some sense into 
her!"  A soft swallow followed as her eyes betrayed her and again, they darted down 
so that the ample cleavage of the space pirate could be viewed.

Washuu laughed, her chest and perky nipples jiggling slightly as her shoulders shook.  
"Talk sence into her?  This is Ryouko we're talking about.  No..  Let me enlighten 
you on something Ayeka.."  Her deep olive occulars narrowed a bit as she moved into 
the Princess' point of view once again, Ryouko moving to make sure Ayeka didn't look 
away.  "You and my daughter have a bit of a contest going on.  The rest of us let it 
go.  I could care less really, and Kiyone and Mihoshi aren't interested in getting 
anyone but each other.  Now..  You ask why am I here?  I am here for my daughter.  
I've been trying to get through to her, and lately, she's been reaching back.  All's
well and good there.  We found that the both of us are..  frustrated with the way 
things are, and needed a little comforting.  Well, one thing leads to another.."

She motioned to her daughter, who leaned over Ayeka, her breast brushing the bound 
girl's shoulder as Washuu met her head on for a kiss.  And not just any kiss.  No, 
this was one of those lingering kisses that left no doubt as to what it meant.  

Ryouko was actually purring now, like a giant tabby cat, as she reluctantly withdrew 
and resumed her position behind Ayeka.  She settled a little closer to her this time 
though, pressing her breasts firmly against her back.  Still purring, she began 
nuzzleing along the back of her neck.  

Washuu had a slightly amused look as she watched, but then seemed to ignore it and 
moved on. "Now, last week she came to me with a little problem that had been 
bothering her.  And being the wonderful mommy I am, I had to help her with it.  
That's where you come in.."

She had been ready to fight but when Washuu moved back in front of her, she quieted.  
Washuu was a genius.  Washuu was beautiful.  And besides, if she acted up, what 
would Washuu do?  She listened and as she felt Ryouko pressing against her the first 
time, she shivered.  Warm skin against her own?  Unheard of!  She was, after all, a 
virgin.  

Then, it happened.  The kiss.  Mother and daughter.  Russet eyes watched in stunned 
amazement as Ryouko appeared from beside her and kissed her mother.  The effect on 
the Princess was almost immediate but for one of high standing, she hid it well.  
There was a soft choked whimper as she watched two of the most beautiful women in 
the galaxy kiss and her nipples hardened so that when the water gently lapped against 
them, she shivered.  

It was over too fast, it seemed, but as Ryouko settled back against her back, she was 
acutely aware of those ample breasts pressing against her back.  Slowly, slightly, 
she leaned back so that the ample mounds gently pressed against her before she found 
her voice.  "M.. m.. me?" There was no struggling.  Not yet.  But in the back of her 
head, she knew that these two wouldn't be pleasant in breaking her.

"Mmhmm..   you."  Washuu reached out and trailed her fingers along the girl's 
collarbone.  The finely formed bone was a rather sexy thing to Washuu, something most 
of the feline species shared.  Juraian's had called it a quirk, and focused on what 
they decided was better things, like breasts, legs, that sort of thing.  Her fingers 
continued up the pale, slender neck, touching with only a feather light drift of her 
fingernails.  Reachig her jaw, the hand flattened out and cupped the Princess' face 
gently.  "You see, Ryouko can't seem to get you out of her mind.  She knows more 
about the female figure, and despite what she says in your fights, finds you quite 
appealing.  I rather agree on that count."  She let that sink in a moment as she 
continued to cradle her face.  Then slowly her nails came more into play, scratching 
a bit harshly against the perfect skin.  "But you..  being who you are, ignore every 
attempt she's made to express her feelings.  And that makes me angry.  It's a Jurai 
flaw I suppose, thinking everyone who isn't Juraian below you.  She wants you, she will 
have you.  And you know what Princess?" She leaned close to her ear, as Ryouko's teeth 
began to find purchace on the skin of her shoulder.  

Ryouko wasn't being to rough though, and didn't break skin.  Washuu admired her 
restraint, but continued, her voice dropping to a deeper, and far more enticing melody.
"My little girl want's to fuck you, and I'm going to help her do it.  We'll show you 
exactly how 'superior' you are." She slid her nails along that flesh, back down along 
the trail they had claimed before, this time leaving little red streaks in their wake. 
 
Hands appeared from behind her as Ryouko went from restraining her to caressing roughly.
>From her back, around her slim belly and up to those mid-sized breasts whsh she had 
dreamt about kissing and suckling since she had come into this new relationship wth 
her mother, and the possibilities of another female body.

To Ayeka, this was a bad series of events in all aspects.  She was bound and being 
used by two of the most powerful girls in existance.  Not good for a Princess.  As 
those nails had been dragged over her silken skin, she had arched her back so that 
her breasts were projected forth and into the rough hands of the space pirate.  Her 
own breathing was changing slowly from being slow to increasing in pace.  Her eyes 
found those of Washuu and she whimpered softly as she squirmed, causing her pert 
bottom to press into Ryouko's crotch as she tried to hit some reason.  "..please.. 
Washuu.. I'm sorry!  I-I didn't know Ryouko thought of me like that!  I swear it!" 

She whimpered again as the rough attention got to her.  Not to mention the way that 
Washuu had spoke to her.  'My little girl wants to fuck you,'  by Tsunami, such 
things shouldn't be spoken.  Not to her!  She was a princess!  "..let.. let me go?"
She was reduced to pleading but was it her imagination or were her hips making small 
little circles for added friction?

The purring behind her intensified as a soft, velvety tounge soothed where teeth had 
come to play. "I don't think so Ayeka..  I want to play."  Ryouko grinned as she felt 
her captives hips move, and one hand moved down the girls tummy to the apex of her 
thighs, where it teased a bit, barely touching.  Even with such a light touch, and 
with the water all around, she could feel the heat and the thicker wetness there.  
She growled softly, affectionatly as she pierced the royal ear with her teeth, 
suckling on the few drops of blood that welled up before speaking again.  "I think you 
wanna play too.  What do you think mom?"

Washuu grinned and began to pull Ayeka out of the water and onto the side of the 
pool, where she helped Ryouko lie her back on the wooden planks.  "I think our 
Princess is looking a little flushed."  

Those gentle hands came to play again, accentuating each movement made by the rougher 
pair.  Ths was all just to taunt as she moved her hands down to where the pirate's 
had vacated with the relocation.  "Let's examine the evidence shall we?"  She openly 
touched the wetness her fingers found, sliding her finger along the legnth of her slit, 
and dipping in just a bit.  "The patient seems to be secreteing an awful amount of 
fluid down here.." She lifted the wet fingers to her nose and sniffed lightly, grinning.
"My my, what potent phermones you have there..  What do you think Ryouko?"  She held her 
hand out to the Pirate, who sniffed happily and licked those fingers clean.

"Mm..  I think she may need a hand with that!"

This was a dream.  It had to be.  There was no other explanation for it as Ayeka felt 
those fingers teasing her cunt.  How long had it been since she had masturbated?  
Days.  And now, she was getting help?  A soft gasp had left her as her ear was bitten 
and before she could say anything, she was being moved.  The planks were hard.. but warm 
and so, she found herself doing something she never thought she'd do.  She was purring as 
she felt the hands of the mother-daughter team feeling her wet skin.  Like a worm, she 
moved slightly and as a blush hit her cheeks, she felt her legs spreading.  Then, 
there was a piece of Heaven as she felt the fingers of one seducer caressing her cunt.  

A low moan escaped her and the talkings of Washuu brought her back just in time so that 
she could turn her head and watch Ryouko.  Ryouko cleaning her juices off of Washuu's 
fingers.  A soft moan/whimper left her as she spoke softly.  "Please.. let me go.. I'll 
do whatever you want.  I swear!"  She whimpered again, her body moving so that her 
breasts rocked back and forth as she bit her bottom lip.  Oh, she wanted more.  It 
just seemed so taboo.

"Nope. You have to prove you're going to be a good girl."  Ryouko moved to help hold 
her still as Washuu repositioned her so that her legs were apart, and bound that way.  
She them moved to stand over the prone form of her rival, as her mother strattled her 
midsection and held her hands up to her.  Taking her mother's hands, she slawnly 
settled on her knees, just above the princesses head.  Pausing she fell into a deep 
kiss with Washuu once again, then continuing lowering herself to the waiting 
features of their victim.  

"Now for all the despair you put my litle girl through, you're going to make her feel 
better." Nails, now feeling more like claws, peirced the flesh of her arm, just enough 
to draw a few crimson droplets.  "And if you don't, you get to answer to me."  Her 
tone left no room for argument, not that Ryouko left her any time for it.  She was 
upon her now, her own juicy pussy hovering millimeters above the princess' lips, 
begging to be tasted, over and over and over again.

The only answer that left the Princess was a small whimper as she felt the claws 
penetrate her skin and then, she went to work.  First, she inhaled slowly and let 
out a soft moan.  Ryouko, her 'hated' rival, smelled of sex and that smell was 
quite alluring.  Slowly, lips parted and that tongue peeked out so that the tip 
slowly slide up and down the length of that juicy pussy.  She wanted to reach up 
and to grip Ryouko's waist but she knew her time would come.  She was being 
transformed right now.  

Into what?  She'd call it a toy for the mother-daughter team but then, she was only 
starting something deep within her.  That tongue lapped once more before she raised 
her head just slightly so that the puffy lips of Ryouko's arousal could be parted 
and for the first time in her existance, Aeka tasted pussy.  

She didn't pull back, instead her tongue slid back into her mouth and she made a soft 
sound.  "Mmmmm..." It wasn't another instant before that tongue was back inside of 
Ryouko's pussy, her face pressed tight against the apex of the space pirate's legs so 
that any escaping juice could decorate her face.

With the slow escape of a moan filled with pent up frustrations, Ryouko lowered 
herself more, pressing herself against the other woman's face. Washuu grinned as she 
leaned over far enough to press her breasts against Ayeka's, rubbing them there just 
enough to spur her on.

 Ryouko was hairless there, but that was no big thing, Washuu was aswell. it seemed 
to be genetic. As Washuu rubbed her body along the Princess', she kissed Ryouko, 
just above the slit where Ayeka was feasting.  "Thats right princess, eat my baby. 
She loves it you kow, can't you hear her moaning? She's moaning for you. You make 
her hot."  Moveing down a tad, her tounge slipped from between her lips to slide 
along Ryouko's clit, past it to mingle with Ayeka's own busy tounge. She stayed 
there a moment, then reluctantly withdrew as she slid her own wet cunt along the 
girls thigh, marking her with her juices. She sat up a bit, but leaned forward 
enough to make her shudder with the contact. With a slight rocking of her hips, she 
pressed more firmly against her thigh, but carfully avoided the royal pussy that was 
so close by. She was denying her pleasure for now, letting the frustation and lust 
build with tantalizing speed.

Aeka. First Crown Princess of Jurai. She was royalty. At her beck and call was an 
entire empire. She was Aeka. She was theirs. And she knew it. She moaned softly at 
the breast to breast contact that Washuu had given her but that only sent the gentle 
vibrations straight into the wet pussy she eagerly returned to eating. And it was a 
good eat. Her slender pink tongue seemed to be everywhere, lapping and darting in 
it's quest to get more juice from the leaking hole of arousal. She moaned again as 
she felt the tongue of her other lover caress her own within the dripping hot sex 
of the space pirate and then, it was the feel of Washuu's pussy that got her going. 
She was being marked? Great. She was their plaything from now on. Oh, she'd probally 
still act uppity in front of Tenchi and the others but when she was in private with 
them, she'd do just about anything. Who would have thought this would be happening 
now? Her tongue was buried in the pussy of her rival as she pressed her leg upwards, 
increasing the pressure against the wet hole of her dinner's mother. Oh, she was hot 
as well. Her pussy lips parted slightly, shiny with her arousal coating but for now, 
she just wanted to fuck her lovers anyway they wanted and with the talk Washuu was 
providing, she was more than ready to do it.

Leaning over as Washuu sat up, Ryouko wasn't to be idle. No, she nuzzled and licked 
along her mother's skin, working her way from her lips to her breasts. Like a hungry 
infant, greedy lips settled over the rock hard nipples, suckling and occasionaly 
nipping. And her efforts were rewarded with a stream of warmth as her mother's sweet 
milk flowed into her waiting mouth. This was something else that differed between 
the species. Ryouko and Washuu always had a fresh stash of milk to divy out to hungry, 
seeking lips. Ayeka didn't, being Juraian, but they wouldn't hold it against her. 

Washuu moaned now, echoing Ryouko's from a few moments prior. "Yes, thats a good baby, 
suck on mommy's tits. Does it taste good? Do you think your pet would like a taste?" 
Cradleing her daughter's head to her chest, she purred softly. "She doesn't look quite 
finished yet. maybe she can have some later." Oh, the promise of things to come! 
Ryouko pressed harder against Ayeka's face, aroused further by the thought of watching 
her rival suckle her mother.

Hearing what was being said was slightly hard with the toned thighs of Ryouko holding 
her head, but she did pick up what was said and it brought a new life into the Princess 
as she immediately sank her tongue into the dripping pussy of her lover. A slight tilt 
of her head had her nose gently caressing the erect clit of her lover. She couldn't see 
what washappening but she could hear just fine. Moans. Whimpers. The sound of smacking 
lips. Deep down, Aeka had always been fascinated by lactation. The thought of suckling 
a breast filled with warm milk was quite arousing. Especially now! 

She kept up her oral attack on Ryouko's pussy, pressing her leg upwards so that Washuu 
could ride it to her own ends. For now, her own wants were pushed away as she wriggled 
slightly. Her hands twisted slightly. By Tsunami, she wanted to be free.. She wanted 
nothing more than to hold Ryouko down onto her face as she licked the slit that was 
dripping upon her face and then, something kinky hit her. A smile crossed her face as 
her tongue slid out of the wanting hole of the space pirate and as she blushed, she 
slowly tilted her head up and her tongue reached out so that not only did it run the 
length of Ryouko's pussy but it also gently slid across Ryouko's asshole. Not a bad 
taste! She blushed again as she thought about how far she was sinking as her tongue 
gave the puckered ass another lick.

With a whimper, Ryouko all but crumbled under the unexpected assualt. Her mother's 
strong arms were able to hold her steady for the most part, but she shivered with 
delight as Washuu tapped her link to her daughter to see what had impacted her so 
much. "My, what a slut! That's all you are isn't it Ayeka? The Princess of Sluts! 
Lick her ass you slut!" Her own voice quivered a bit with the sensation as Ryouko 
freely shared it with her. Lithe fingeres trembled as she held the pirate until she 
was able to support herself again. Once Ryouko was alright, her hands went to the 
slim hips of thier captive. latching on there, she used the leverage created to rub 
her flooding cunt along that beautiful thigh, faster and harder. With the shared 
perceptions, Ryouko also stepped up her movments, grinding herself down, all but 
mashing the princess' breasts with shaking hands. "You can feel how much she likes 
that slut in you. Let her out to play more, and we may just let you go."

Those words should have made her angry. Those words should have made her toss and 
turn in shame. Those words did nothing of the sort. They only made her want more and 
more. More pussy. More ass. More tit. She was a slut. Even if it was a closet one but 
to be more precise, she was their slut. The words of the loving mother cause her to 
moan and she did just as she was instructed as she kept giving Ryouko anal attention. 
Her pink tongue slide over that puckered asshole one more time and then, the 
degredation sunk as she actually slid her tongue inside of the space pirate's ass. 

What a sight she was. A ruler in the making with her tongue up a space pirate's ass, 
using her thigh to help a genius get off. The sad part was that she was loving every 
bit of it as she moved her head in slow movements, tongue fucking the ass of her rival. 
It wasn't a bad taste. Kind of bitter but arousing. Her thigh went up more with as much 
pressure as she could muster. She wanted them both to get off at the same time and with 
the shared link of the mother-daughter duo, she knew it would be close. Thank Tsunami! 
Her own juices had actually formed a puddle in which her ass was sliding in as she 
helped the two other grrls turn her into a world class slut princess.

As it on cue, Ryouko's legs tightened around her ears, a cross between a whimper, a 
cry and a growl sliding past her lips.Washuu too, reacted in in the same beat, her 
own vocalization starting as a low rumble in her chest. "That's it! Right there you 
slut!" With shudder, she pressed as hard as she could upon that thigh, her cream 
sliding down over the flesh to puddle with Ayeka's seepage. The pair stayed like that 
a moment, riding out the crest of the wave before even taking another breath. A 
shakey breath at that. Ryouko opened her eyes for the first time since Ayeka started, 
the boiling molten gold of her eyes half hidden as she gazed at her mother. With a 
slight mutual nod, the both stood, inner thighs slick with cream, skin everywhere 
shone with a light layer of sweat. 

"Fuck Ayeka! I didn't know you could even do that!" The demon grinned as she squated 
next to her in a way that gave her a perfect view of her dripping snatch. "You see 
what you do to me? I can see what we've done to you.." She moved to slide one hand 
along the royal thigh where her mother had been, only to follow up by leaning over 
and licking the sticky wet flesh. "Will you be a good pet if we untie you?"

"Yes, Ryouko! I swear it!" She purred as she watched the space pirate squat. Oh, she 
was royal. And she was beautiful. But she could feel the sticky pussy juice on her 
face and on her thigh and she LOOOOOOOOVED it! As she felt the tongue of Ryouko slide 
over her thigh, she moaned softly. "Please.. Ryouko.. my.. pussy.. it's gushing." It 
was to be honest. That pool was quite wide as it was the combined fluids of Aeka and 
Washuu but the soft russet eyes of the Princess burned with lust. She wanted be free 
to touch and to caress. She wanted to do nothing but bow down before them! 

She looked at Washuu, her face shiny with the cream of her daughter and smiled 
impishly as she spoke softly. "Besides, this is the best birthday gift anybody's ever 
given me. I wouldn't want to be ungrateful, would I, Mistress Washuu?" A wink followed 
as she waited for the verdict of freedom or not.

Mother and daughter shared a look, and a smaller version of Ryouko's beam sabre 
appeared in Washuu's hand. it glowed a lusty crimson as she traced along the bound 
figure, not touching the skin, but close enough that she could feel the searing heat 
of the blade. It was akin the the sunfire roiling inside the three women. The heat 
caressed skin even as the blade caressed the velvet ropes. Cloth gave way when the two 
met, and slowly, one tie at a time, their little slut pet was freed. Now it was tie to 
see how well the training had taken. 

Olive and golden eyes watched, waiting to see what she would do first. There was no 
door, so she coudn't run. Not that they felt she would. No, she was theirs now, a secret 
shared between them. The closest bonds of family. 

Ryouko sat upon the planks, rubbing her dripping cunt in the puddle made by the other 
two. Washuu watched, kneeling down to Ayeka. "Now look at that. She's quite a slut 
herself. Always showing off that body, hanging around and feeling Tenchi up. You wish 
you could do that, don't you my pet? Just stroll into a room and brazenly grab someone, 
no matter who was watching.." Her voice was low and sultry, whispering into the princess' 
ear as she tried to work her up. "What are you going to do about it?"

Run? Not in a million years! That was a joke upon itself. She slowly sat up, her eyes 
glued onto the form of Ryouko as she rubbed her wrists to regain feeling. Her own nipples 
were hard and aching. Her pussy? Wet and dripping just as Ryouko's and Washuu's had been. 
reddish eyes widened in pleasure as she watched the space pirate sit down, pleasuring 
herself by rubbing her cunt into the puddle but that put Ryouko at a great height as she 
whispered, "I have to make her realize that sluts need equal treatment." Her pink tongue 
peeked out slowly to moisten her cream covered lips before she stood up and slowly moved 
to Ryouko. Her own pussy was now inches from the face of the masturbating space pirate 
and unsure of herself slightly, she purred. "Giving deserves receiving." With that being 
said, her hands darted down to gently cup the back of her rival's head before she gently 
started to pull her to her own pussy. A glance was given to Washuu, who was obviously 
fully in charge. "..may I make Ryouko eat out my pussy, Mistress Washuu?"

Washuu grinned, glad that Ayeka was gettig into it. She motioned to her to wait a moment 
and stepped over to her daughter, whome she, more of less, pushed roughly to her back. 
Ryouko didn't seem to have any problem with it, and moved to pull the older woman to her, 
but Washuu pulled back, chastising the girl. "Now Ryouko, don't get ahead of the game." 
She held a hand out to Ayeka the same way she had to Ryouko, and led the other girl over. 
"Be a good girl a show Ayeks how good you are at eating pussy. I think she'll like what 
you have to offer." She coaxed Ayeka to settle over Ryouko's face, where the pirate went 
right to work. Slowly at first, exploring the legnth of the royal cunt. Teasingly then, 
tasting a little, then retreating before Ayea was allowed to really feel what was going 
on. There was a pause, where she didnt touch her, but she used one hand to open her lover 
to her, and blow a caress of hot air along that opening.

"Mmmmm, Mistress, your daughter is a good.. tease.." It had come out in soft pants after 
she had been lowered onto the pirate's face. 

Yes, this was nice indeed! She swallowed, her own hands coming up to cup her breasts so 
that fingers could squeeze her nipples. "..that's it, Ryouko.. eat out my pussy.." She 
closed her eyes, arching her back as she felt the hot air rush over her hole. Something 
new. Something nice. Slowly, her eyes slightly opened so that eye contact could be 
maintained with Washuu as her legs tensed up and her hips moved in slow rotations so 
that the space pirate was getting a healty amount of pussy cream smeared on her 
beautiful face. After all, she wanted to make her Mistress happy, did she not?

With a soft, throaty growl, Ryouko latched onto her hips and dove into her work. She 
licked freverantly, along her legnth, specifically avoiding her partner's little love 
button. Pressing her tounge against her cream filled hole, she slid it inside, seeking 
out the little juice factory. She twisted her tounge quickly, then slowly withdrew to 
lick along her lips again, this time suckling on her clit for a short moment before 
plunging back inside.

Washuu leaned over to watch, one hand moving to drift along the creamy white belly of 
her daughter's feast. A second hand joined in as the first reached the undercurve of 
the Princess' breasts. Nuzzling her nose and cheek along the soft flesh, Washuu let 
her soft, spikey red hair tickle those pert little nipples before attacking one with 
her lips and tounge. A not so gentle nip and she was suckling fiercly, pulling on the 
hard bud of pink flesh with her teeth. One hand occipied the other breast, leaving one 
free. This free hand moved up to the shoulder, and along the arm to find the Princess' 
hand. Intertwining their fingers a moment, she guided her palm to her own breast. 
Washuu's breasts were slightly bigger then Ryouko's, but to no fault. As she was a 
little taller then her daughter, this accounted for keeping with the perfect 
perprotioning.

"Ryouko!"  It came as a soft gasp as she felt the tongue doing it's magic inside of 
her cunt. Never had she dreamed it would be like this. She was moaning again as she 
slowly grinded her pussy down on her lover's face, her body shivering slightly with 
the mixture of arousal and anticipation. She couldn't wait to orgasm. Oh, that would 
be fun. The feel of fingers against her skin caused her to smile at her Mistress as 
she arched her back, more than willing to give her breasts to Washuu. "Your daughter 
can eat a pussy, Mistress." A soft moan parted her lips again as she felt a hand play 
with a breast. It was joined by her own hand but no matter for the first breast was 
now getting oral attention. "Mmmmmmm!" Oh, she was in Heaven and she was finding that 
orgasm building and building. After all, they had teased her for quite some time. Now, 
it was all about to rush free as she whispered. "No.. no.. I want your milk.. please.. 
I want to suck your tit.."

Washuu was slow to withdraw, but she did, hands still idly caressing the firm titflesh. 
"Oh, you want to be mommy's baby too?" She purred, as Ryouko had earlier and gently 
pulled her close so she could cradle her to her chest. "Mommy has plenty of milk for 
hungry babies. Suck on mommy's tits and see how you like it.." 

Ryouko whimpered at the talk going on, but she wasn't privy to it. She redoubled her 
efforts on the royal cunt above her, licking slurping and sucking up all the juice 
she could. The princess seemed to be a varitable fountain! Washuu had never creamed 
this much, not that she was complaining! She took it as a challange to get as much of 
it as she could. Already, the twin tails of hair that hung before her ears were sticky 
and matted from the flood, and she loved every second of it!

Ayeka purred at the talk that Washuu was giving her and she couldn't resist it as she 
leaned forward, her hands finding the waist of the scientist to support her. Her pink 
tongue peeked out slowly to lick a nipple before pearly white teeth gently bit it. Then, 
lips were surrounding it and she began to suckle like a newborn but with more vacuum. 

A hand slowly slid around Washuu and dipped down so that a slender finger was gently 
caressing the asshole of the dominant one. The daughter had liked anal. What about 
mommy? Even with Ryouko eating her pussy, she was wanting to make Washuu happy. Her 
fingertip traced the rim of that asshole even as she got her first taste of milk. Her 
eyes opened wide and she smiled as she pressed her face foward, seeking more milk from 
the ample tit as she grinded her cunt against Ryouko's face. She was close. Very close..

Washuu's purring sputtered a moment with surprise, but quickly resumed it's deep 
reverberating sound. "Yes you slut, fuck my ass with those naughty fingers of yours! 
Ryouko, your pet is being a slut with mommy too! What do you think about that?" 

There was a soft, muffled growl from below, but it wasn't altogether unpleasent. A 
bite upon the tender netherlip, and she latched onto the little engorged bud of her 
lover's clit and didn't let up. She sucked on it, mirroring Ayeka's suckling on Washuu. 
She could feel it afterall, through their link. If Ayeka sucked harder, she'd respond 
in kind. If she let up, she'd do the same. it was all in Ayeka's hands now.

The harder, the better!  The words of Washuu made her whimper in need and thus, it 
would happen. The hand slid down the crack of Washuu's ass so that her finger could 
slide along the pussy of the genius. She gently rolled it over so that the finger was 
coated in pussy cream and slowly, that hand moved backwards until her fingertip was 
gently pressing against Washuu's rosebud. Then, slowly, she forced it in. Nothing beat 
the feel of that tight hole sucking on her finger as she slowly wiggled it in. As for 
the tit in her mouth, she increased the suckling. The feel of the warm milk rushing 
down her throat was more than enough to make her want to cum! She kept grinding her 
hips down onto the face of her lover as she gently wiggled her finger inside of Washuu's 
ass.

Washuu gripped the remaining wrist of her royal pet, and pulled it to her wet hole.
Together with Ayeka's fingers and suckling, she was able to build the pressure in her
belly quickly.  Tapping the link with a fuller connection, she all but drowned Ryouko
in the sensations, pulling her to height as well.

Ryouko, being let in on this, and keeping up with Ayeka, latched onto the Royal's clit
and wouldn't let up.  She was determined to make Ayeka orgasm in tandem with them.

Efforts were rewarded scant moments later as muscles tightened and cream flowed.  Ayeka
had never had such an explosive orgasm in her life!  Her sences reeled and she felt
herself falling, only to be caught by that protective embrace once more.  After a moment,
her blurred sight cleared and focused on a pair of feline gazes.

The olive gaze seemed amused and comforting, while the golden one looked smug and
rewarding.  Gently, Washuu lie her back on the sunwarmed planks, out of any pudles that 
had formed during their play.  "Rest a minute."  That said, she moved off to Ayeka's left,
toward the water.

Ayeka nodded slightly as she wriggled a bit to loosen her muscles.  A pair of hands
fell upon her skin, softly kneeding the muscles.  Looking up, Ayeka found that golden
gaze upon her again, though it looked less smug, and more understanding this time. "Don't
worry, the lightheadedness goes away pretty quick.  You'll be sore as hell in the
morning though."

"Morning?"  The haze in her mind was slowly clearing.

"Yeah..  I'd say it's about dinner time now."

"Dinner..  Oh!  Sasami will be wondering where I am!"

"Not to worry Ayeka," Washuu reappeared with a steamy wet towel and a soft sponge, which 
she used to begincleaning the combined sweat and female cum from the creamy flesh of the 
princess.  "I toldher we were taking you out for your birthday.  She think's we're on Relam 
IV right now, oratleast, heading home from Relam IV."

"A day at the beach.."

Washuu nodded, continuing the sponge bath.  "Kiyone and Mihoshi are in on it.  Kiyone
told her she was providing the ride."  Washuu grinned as she finished up with Ayeka, dipped
the sponge into the water and started to clean Ryouko.  "Really, Kiyone and Mihoshi took a 
few days of leave and spent the day on Relam by themselves."

Ryouko looked surprised.  "Wait.. Kiyone and Mihoshi know about this?  About.. us?"

Washuu nodded as she squeezed the sponge dry over her daughter's breasts and dipped it 
once again.  "Yep!  They figured it out on their own actually. Either way, it's best this
way.  Kiyone and I agreed to cover for each other whenever we feel the need to.. get away.
If she hadn't stuck in for us, we'd have had to grab Ryo-ohki."

"Oh.  Well then I guess it's beter this way.  Maybe they could join in sometime!"

Washuu's eyes jutted over to Ryouko as she sighed in exasperation.  "You really are
insatiable!"


~End!~