An irresistable bribe part-1



Disclaimer: Before I start with the story I have something to say to all who
will be reading. First of all I don’t own anything from Tenchi Muyo or any
of the characters (or anything of the titles or logos for that matter). All
they’re logos and such belong to AIC and Pioneer. If AIC or Pioneer happens
to be reading this right now I beg and pray that they don’t sue me. Because
I’m already broke and I’m not stealing their work. I’m also just typing this
fanfic to give readers something to read. So I beg of you PLEASE DON’T SUE
MEEEE!!!!!!!





It was an early and dark morning and everyone in the Tenchi household seemed
to be asleep except Kiyone. She had just awoken with a devious grin on her
face. The alarm clock on a drawer beside her bed read 1:00 am.

"Just think of the great times without Mihoshi." Kiyone said chuckling to
herself.

In just about a few minutes Kiyone went over to the lake in front of the
household, pressed her wrist watch, and got on her ship. She was apparently
heading towards The Galaxy police headquarters.



                                      (hours later at the Tenchi household)

"aaaaaaahhhhhhhh what another beautiful day" Tenchi said. It wasn’t long
‘till then that Tenchi realized that his arms and feet were tied to the 4
corners on his bed. Tenchi then had a terrified look on his face.

"hahahahahahahahahahaha get ready Tenchi!!"

"Who’s there?!?" Tenchi replied.

In a moment Ryoko fased into Tenchi’s room hovering over Tenchi.

"Ryoko What are you doing?"

"Oh don’t act like you don’t know Tenchi. Hahahaha."

"But Ryoko what if Sasami and the others see us? Besides I’m not going to
until I’m married."

"Oh stop being such a wuss Tenchi you know you want it. Besides Sasami and
the others should see how much we’re in love!!! Hahahahaha!!!"

and with saying that Ryoko soon fased out of her clothes, and Tenchi got an
erection, and a nosebleed.

"See big boy there’s no denying you want it. How bout you just admit and
show me how much you like it."



                                                              (a few minutes
later.)

"Tenchi time to eat" Sasami said standing in front of Tenchi’s door. Sasami
heard Tenchi and Ryoko moaning through door.

"Hmmm… I wonder what Ryoko and Tenchi are doing." Sasami said as she opened
the door the Tenchi’s room .

She soon saw Tenchi’s pants down and Ryoko sliding up and down Tenchi’s dick
with her pussy.

It then took Tenchi five minutes to let out the juice which his hard member
had been working up.



"Tenchi, you naughty, naughty, naughty, boy." Said Sasami.

"Yeah Tenchi is pretty damn naughty alright he hasn’t stopped begging me to
do this to him all night." Ryoko said with a grin.

"Oh shit we got caught!!! Ryoko I did not beg for it." Tenchi said cowardly.

"Now, Now, Tenchi there’s no need to deny it. They already caught us doing
our little lover’s game."

"Sasami we can’t find…" said Nobuyuki rushing into Sasami, but he was soon
distracted by the sight of Tenchi and Ryoko.

"Damn! Damn! Damn! If only I videotaped the thing with my video cam."

"Dad, this isn’t what it looks like." Tenchi said nervously.

"Yes it is Mr. Masaki Tenchi is just shy that to admit that we played our
little lover’s game." Ryoko said jumping in.

"Wait ago Tenchi today you became a man!!!! I haven’t been so excited since
I was about to play the same game with your mother!!! I’m so proud of you
son!!!!" Nobuyuki said happily.

"DAD….."

"Who is it that you couldn’t find Mr. Masaki?" Sasami asked curiously.

"Well since I’ve already seen Ryoko and Tenchi the only one missing now is
Kiyone. Do you know where she might be Sasami?"

"No not at all."

"jeeze I wonder she can be?"

"Yeah I know Kiyone usually tells me where she’s going, and what she has to
do before she leaves."

"Well in that case God is probably the only one who knows where she is. I
just hope she’s alright."

"Well Mr. Masaki I guess after we eat breakfast we should send the whole
household to go and look for her."

"Right!"



                                   (meanwhile over at the GP headquarters.)

The door to the commander’s office was locked. Apparently moaning from both
Kiyone and the GP commander could be heard from outside the door. Inside the
office there were apparently some clothes lying on the floor, and underwear
scattered all over the chief’s desk, along with the commander’s hands
handcuffed to the back of his chair. The commander had a boner and Kiyone
rode it for 15 minutes until a painful heaven exploded out of the commander
and entered Kiyone.



"ahhhhhh….. I never knew you could be so seductive Kiyone." Said the
commander grinningly.

" Well if you were willing to do a few favors for me, there will be more
rewards coming you’re way big boy." Kiyone seductively said with a wink in
her eye.

"You mean more of what we just had with a lot more stuff as well?"

"That’s right, the better you do the more rewards will come towards your
way, and it’s a lot more than you can handle and imagine. Believe me passing
up these favors will be the biggest regret of your life."

"How many tasks must I do your sweet and seductive highness?"

"I don’t know I’ll just ask for your help when I need it," with that said
Kiyone grabbed the commander’s now rather soft member, and rubbed it gently,
with her hands. "If you help me out, I’ll help you out and your little guy
won’t pass a day without it going in me."

"I’ll do anything for you my lovely. What do you want? All my money? A
higher position? What is it? Tell me PLEASE!!!!!"

"Well if you do me one favor I’ll live in your house. Do me all the others
I’ll be your sex slave for life."

"What do you want I’ll do it!!!!!???"

"Well" Kiyone now grinned, "I have a problem with Mihoshi."





What will happened to Mihoshi? What’s going to happen next? Will Kiyone come
back to the Tenchi household? Find out about all this and more on the next
part of ‘An irresistable bribe’





                                                     The End of part 1











Notes: Well just incase you didn’t get my email address My email address is
RV_Rally321@gunsmithcats.com . This is my first fanfic and I’d like you guys
to tell me what you think. I’d like to read what you guys really think so
don’t worry about sending me bad reviews ‘cause it could help me out. Also
when you email me put the name of any of my fanfics that you want to review
me on, on the subject line so I can tell what story of mine your emailing
about. Well I can’t wait to read any of your emails good and bad so send
them in. I’d like everybody who has an email address and reads this to send
me an email of what they think remember I don't mind it can be good or bad I
just ask that you be honest with what you guys feel about the fanfic. I also
ask that nobody SPAM ME!!!!!!
