---  
Disclaimer:  I claim no rights, express or implied, over any of  
the characters, names, places, events or descriptions contained
in the Tenchi Muyo series.  My use of the aforementioned
items is for strictly non-profit and personally recreational
purposes.  
---

     This Fic is dedicated to all you fanficcer’s out there who  
aren’t  getting any.  Especially Rowsdower, ‘cause he wants me to  
die. ^_^

---

"Iscariot Wept" Part 2: "Diplomatic Immunity"

---

     Empress Aeka, First Wife of the Emperor of Jurai, First Lady of
the Admiralty, Inspector General for Information and Chief  
Plenipotentiary of the Juraian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, was right
royally pissed.
     It wasn’t the fact that she was sitting across the table from
a smug, snarling, odiferous reptilian with as much sense of  
negotiating ethics as a third-rate space pirate.  Nor was she  
incensed because she’d been stuck on this Godforsaken swamp planet
in the middle of nowhere for well on a month.  It wasn’t  even that
she was overly frustrated because the trade negotiations were going
nowhere, and the holo journalists at home were starting to ask  
unfriendly questions.
     It was much more simple than that.
     She  hadn’t gotten any in over a month.
     *Thirty-three days, four hours, twenty-five minutes and some  
number of seconds, and this LIZARD stands between me and going home
to rectify it,* she fumed.  *I think it’s time to dump the protocols
and wipe that toothy smirk off his misbegotten face.*
     The  H’larian, meanwhile, was smiling more broadly by the  
second.  He was taking Aeka’s silence as hesitation.  He was sure he
was winning.  Any second now, she’d give in, and H’lar would be  
granted most-favored trade status without accepting Juraian  
free-trade agreements.  The reptilian negotiator chuckled deep in his
throat.
     It was a mistake.
     Spurred by the laughter, Aeka slammed her hand down on the  
table.  The H’larian blinked in surprise.
     “MINISTER J‘ert,” she thundered.  “You have delayed, obfuscated,
double-talked, and outright LIED to me through four weeks of  
negations.  This latest offer is unacceptable.  In fact, it is  
insulting.  Not only is this OFFER insulting, your ATTITUDE is  
insulting.  I can only assume that your laughter indicates you are  
amused by the affront you have offered the Juraian people with your
proposal.”  Aeka leaned forward across the table and lowered her   
voice to a harsh whisper.  “I am five seconds away from ending these
negotiations and slapping a full blockade over your planet to teach
you what it means to violate Galactic Union trade accords.  Because
THAT is what your offer is- an attempt to blatantly circumvent
all known treaties.”  She straightened up and eyed the negotiator
coldly.  “You have those five seconds to dissuade me from this  
course, Minister.  The count begins now.”
     The  lizard man leapt to his feet, spluttering in surprise.
“You can’t DO that!”
     Lady Aeka held up a finger.  “One.”
     “Your people NEED our products!  They’re wildly popular!   
Public-”
     She  held up a second finger.  “Two.”
     “-opinion on your planet will CRUCIFY you if you embargo us!   
There’s no-”
     A third finger.  “Three.”
    “But you CAN’T!!!”
    A fourth finger.  “Four.”
     “This is paramount to an act of WAR!  H’lar will NOT be  
blackmailed!”
     “Fi-”
     “STOP!!!!  We will submit to the agreements!”  The Minister
sat down heavily.  “We will submit.”
     Aeka lowered her half-extended thumb and examined the nails of  
the remaining four fingers.  “Excellent.”  Her eyes flicked up,  
fixing the H’larian in an intense stare.  “You will sign the  
appropriate accords within twenty-four hours.  I will advise my  
husband that H’lar is a new and welcome  member to the list of worlds
with most-favored trade status.”  She smiled sardonically.
“Congratulations.”
     “Yes, thank you,” replied the Minister weakly.  His eyes  
remained downcast.  What had gone wrong?
     “Oh, and Minister J’ert?”
     The  lizard man’s eyes came up off the table.  “When you’re
representing a small planetary civilization negotiating with a  
galactic superpower… it pays to be polite.”  She turned on her heel
and strode out of the conference chamber, her various minions and  
bodyguards falling in behind her as she went.  Sitting broken and  
dejected in her wake was one very somber H’larian Minister.
     Presently, the lizard man motioned to one of his advisors.
As the functionary drew close, the Minister began to speak.
     “What just happened?”
     “Sir, H’lar was just granted most-favored trade status.  We  
achieved our objective.  That is what happened.”
     The  Minister shook his head.  “That’s not what I mean.  What
just  happened with HER?  One minute she was quite, passive,  
gracious… the next, she was threatening war.  What happened?”
     “With all due respect, sir, I think we pushed a bit far with the
last offer.”  The Minister glared harshly at the functionary,
leading him to stammer.  “W-we had to try, of course.  Being granted
MFS without having to relax our own tariffs was of course the IDEAL
goal.  It just proved unattainable.”
     J’ert sighed and let his gaze fall back to the table.  “Yes,
I suppose you’re right. We pushed her for a month, so we can show our
own people we didn’t just roll over for the Juraians.  And we still
got MFS.  I suppose we did quite well.”  He paused for a moment,
thoughtful.  “Somehow, though, it still feels like a defeat.”

     A few hundred meters away, Aeka was hurriedly walking at the  
head of her entourage toward her quarters.  A worried-looking
aid was struggling to both catch up and catch  her attention at the
same time.
     “Milady… Milady!  A word, Milady?”
     Aeka turned her head without breaking stride.  “What is it?”
     “Milady, will we be departing?”
     “Tomorrow evening.  After the signing ceremony for the MFS.”
She strode on a few paces, then added, “Speaking of which, liaise
with the H’lar to find out when and where they wish to sign the  
accords.  Insist that it be early in the day.  If they give you any
trouble, notify me immediately.”
     “Yes Milady.”
     “Ah.  We’re here.”  Aeka stopped abruptly, causing her hurrying
followers to pile up upon each other in a Keystone-Cops style logjam
of flailing limbs.  The Empress, blissfully unaware of the tangle
of bodies behind her, opened the door to her suite, stepped inside,
and heaved a mighty sigh.
     She  was going home.

     “ABSOLUTELY UNNACCEPTABLE!”  The H’larian Prime Minister hissed
and barred his fangs at the Minister of Commerce.  “We cannot compete
with Jurai in a tariff free environment!  They have a MUCH stronger
industrial base!  They can manufacture every single one of our key  
government and military products in half the time at half the price!
All our vital home industries will fail!   Why, under this  
arrangement we’ll be a virtual economic fiefdom of their empire in  
less than a generation!”
     Minister J’ert bowed his head and averted his eyes in a classic
H’lar  display of submission.  “But sir… the MFS will mean that our
own exports will become tariff free as well.  Our niche in their dry
goods market is already lucrative.  This should make it extremely
profitable indeed.”
     “Dry goods?  Please, J’ert, TELL me you’re joking.”  The Prime
Minister paused.  “What the hell ARE dry goods, anyway?”
     “Goods such as fabrics, clothing, and notions, as distinct
from hardware, food, or-”
     The Prime Minister cut him off.  “Notions??? What the- oh, never
mind!  J’ert, can’t you see it?  We’ll be selling them draperies,
and they’ll be selling us our heavy industrials.  What happens if we
get into a political fracas?  If we don’t fall into line, they could
cut us off!  What will we do then, embargo their supply of  
fashionable clothes?”
     J’ert waved his hands in negation.  “Sir, they’d never do that.
If they used an advantage gained through the MFS as a political
instrument, the Galactic Union would go berserk.”
     “But they COULD, J’ert.  They COULD.  And if they did, it would
bring this planet to its knees.  I will not allow us to suffer that
vulnerability.”
     “But sir!  You saw the tape.  She practically threatened
us with a war!  If we back out now, after we’ve agreed-”
     “After YOU agreed, J’ert.”
     “Sir, the parliament has given me full negotiating authority-”
     “You had authority to negotiate, J’ert.  Not to commit treason.”
     J’ert’s eyes bulged.  “WHAT???”
     The  Prime Minister motioned to one of the guards flanking
his desk.  “Arrest Minister J’ert on the crime of high treason  
against the state.”
     J’ert just stood there, his mouth opening and closing as though
he were a fish stranded on a beach, too stunned to form any coherent
words, as the guard handcuffed him and dragged him out of the office
with quiet efficiency.  The Prime Minister watched them go, then  
turned to the other guard.
     “Get me the Minister of Central Intelligence.”

     “That’s great, Aeka!  I’m so glad you’re coming home.”  The  
holographic image of Emperor Tenchi Masaki crackled slightly,
then re-stabilized.  Aeka made a moue.
     *That’s one thing we’ll sell them first,* she thought.  *Decent
communications equipment.*  “I’m glad too, Lord Tenchi.  The  
negotiations have been exhausting.”  *And I can’t wait to exhaust
YOU when I get back,* she didn’t say.  One had to assume that  
H’larian intelligence was listening into the transmission…
     “I know it’s been hard on you, Aeka.  I hate sending you on all
these diplomatic missions, but you know I can’t send Ryouko.  It’s
not exactly her field.”
     “Oh, I disagree, dear husband.”  Aeka smiled.  “I think she’d
negotiate some excellent trade agreements.  She’d bring back all the
imports, and in return, she’d let the local populace live.  A  most
excellent arrangement, ne?  I don’t think even I could negotiate
a trade balance THAT favorable.”
     Tenchi laughed aloud.  “Careful, hon.  She might get ideas.
She has the entire fleet to help her carry stuff off.”
     Aeka had an image of Ryouko returning to Jurai with hundreds
of ships filled to the  gills with pirated H’larian window treatments
and crafts.   She nearly  choked, then burst out laughing.  “Can you
imagine?”  She struck a dramatic pose, then did her best Ryouko  
impersonation.  “‘I return in triumph!  I have journeyed through
sea after sea of the stars in order to find these draperies!’”
     “Oh my God!”  Tenchi clapped his hand over his mouth, but his  
raucous laughter was plain- as were the tears of mirth streaming
out of his eyes.  “A Kagato quote!  That’s just MEAN!”
     Aeka curtsied.  “Of course, Lord Tenchi.  Would you have your
chief negotiator any other way?”
     Tenchi‘s laughter subsided, then he bowed in response to Aeka‘s
own  gesture.  “No, I would not.  Nor would I have my wife any other
way.”  He looked at her fondly.  “I love you, Aeka.  Hurry home.”
     “I love you also, Anata.  I will be home soon.  Kiss Ryouko
for me.”
     Tenchi’s eyebrows shot up.  “Does this mean-”
     “No.  It does not.  Unless, of course…”   
     Tenchi’s eyes widened further.
     “…just kidding.  No way in hell, my husband.”  The Empress’s
eyes sparkled.  Tenchi had been trying to get Ryouko and Aeka into
his bed at the same time for well over seven hundred years now- and
the girls had been  decrying him and his “sick yuri hentai fantasies”
for just as  long.  It had become something of a palace inside joke.
     Tenchi shook his head.  “One day, my dear…”
     “Not on your life.  And anyway, I want you all to myself when
I get home.”
     “You will.  That’s a promise.”
     “You had no choice in the matter anyway.”  She leaned forward
and let her lips brush the static field that contained the hologram
of her husband, then pursed them slightly, and kissed.  He leaned
forward and did the same on his side of the link.  It looked somewhat
comical, as their lips didn’t meet in either image, but it was a  
tradition they’d developed during their many separations, and both
had long since stopped caring what it looked like.  After a lingering
moment, Aeka drew back.
     “I love you, my Lord.  I will see you soon.”
     “I love you also, my Lady.  I await your return.”  He reached
forward and touched something outside the holo-camera’s field of  
view.  “Jurai out.”  The image flickered and faded.
     “Out here,” whispered Aeka to the blank field.  “I’ll be back
soon, Tenchi… oh, how I need you!”  She flopped backwards onto her  
bed.  After lying still for a moment, Aeka rolled over, grabbed
a king-sized pillow, and clutched it tightly to her body.  Closing
her eyes, she buried her head into it and smiled.  “Just you wait…”

     The  Juraian and H’larian flags fluttered and snapped briskly
against a cloud-strewn sky as Aeka and her bodyguard stepped from  
their limousine the next morning.  The signing was to be held  
outdoors, on the great white marble courtyard fronting the H’larian
Ministry of the Interior.  Aeka would have preferred a warmer  
setting- the H’lar winter was anything but mild- but she’d agreed
to the location as a sop to Minister J’ert.  She was certain he’d  
selected the outdoor venue, knowing full well it would be too cold
for her, but after the way she’d pushed him around yesterday she  
supposed he deserved the right to make her a bit uncomfortable
at the ceremony.
     *I’d let them hold this signing in the damn dungeons, if it  
would help me get home any faster,* she grumbled inwardly.  *Let’s
get this thing finished and be done with it.*  The Empress glanced
around herself quickly to make sure her  bodyguard was ready, then
began a quick-paced walk toward the tent awning that rose over the  
signing tables.
     High above her, on the roof of Ministry of the Interior,
a pair of binoculars tracked her as she crossed the vast expanse
of the marble square and entered the awnings.  The binoculars’
owner keyed his microphone.
     “She’s inside.”
     “Copy,” came the whispered reply in his ear.  “You are cleared
to fire on my mark.”
     “Copy.”  He shouldered his weapon and took aim.
     Underneath the awning, Aeka was squinting slightly.  The  
overcast sky hid the sun, and the unlit shadows under the cloth  
pavilion were quite dark.  *Maybe the H’lar see better in the dark
than I do,* she mused.  *I wonder if J’ert arranged the lighting
conditions as well…*  “Minister J’ert,  so good to see you.”  She  
smiled graciously at the Minister, sure that  her gentility would
only enrage the man in light of her treatment of him the day before.
“Are you ready to sign?”
     J’ert just stared at her vacantly and stood stock still next to
his seat.
     “Minister J’ert?”  *Something’s not right here…*
     The  unmistakable thump-ZIP! of a H’larian rocket-arm rang out
against the morning stillness.
     Before she knew it, Aeka was flat on her stomach, crushed by  
something impossibly heavy.  There were shouts and a great commotion
of scuffling feet as bodyguards and diplomats exploded into a frenzy
of movement.  Aeka felt her shield coming on, and suppressed
it, similarly stifling the urge to reach for her wristlet to activate
her combat armor.  She was on a diplomatic mission.  No matter what
was happening, she couldn’t arm herself.  The breach of protocol
would be heinous enough to spark a war-
     *If  one isn’t starting already.*  She became aware that the  
mass on top of  her was breathing.  She craned her neck around  
awkwardly and caught a glimpse of a face.  One of her bodyguards
was lying on top of her, shielding her with his  body.  *Good thing
I didn’t put up my shield.  It would have thrown him fifty feet.*
“Tai-I Konda, what’s going on?”
     “Minister J’ert is down, Milady” rasped the guard.  “We’re  
deployed and clearing the area.  Soon as we ascertain the situation
we’ll move you.”  He grunted.  “Um… Milady?”
     ‘Yes?”
     Konda smiled grimly.  “Would you mind moving your leg?  You’re
about to neuter me.”
     Aeka blushed beet red and untangled her legs from Konda’s.
As she did so,  she noticed a trickle of red winding its way across
the grouted seam between two marble tiles.  Her eyes followed the red
smear until she found herself staring  into Minister J’ert’s blank,
lifeless eyes.
     *He  looked like that even before the shooting,* she thought.
     *My  God… was he dead already?*

     “What do you mean, you cannot sign?!?”
     Aeka was trembling with the effort necessary to control her  
wrath.  She’d had a bad enough day already.  First, the shooting,
then the subsequent flight to their quarters, then the follow-on
interview with H’larian security, and now, after all that, they  
wanted to RE-NEGOTIATE?
     She  was fed up.
     “Empress, please try to understand,” the Prime Minister said  
soothingly.  “Minister J’ert was the architect of that agreement.
It seems clear that he must have been involved with some less savory
characters- why else would the H’larian mafia have assassinated
him?  I cannot in good conscience enter into an agreement that was  
schemed up by a man with apparent criminal connections!”
     “First of all, how can you be sure it was the mafia, and  
secondly, I fail to  see how his death changes things!  The agreement
was approved by your Ministry of Commerce!  No matter who the actual
Minister is, the Department as a whole approved it!”
     “We caught the shooter, Empress.  He is a known Mafioso.  And I  
will not budge on the matter of holding off on any signing until  
after an investigation.  I owe it to my planet to be absolutely
sure of such things.”
     Aeka opened her mouth to say that J’ert was dead BEFORE the  
shooting, and that she knew she’d been set up, but stopped herself.
A declaration like that here, in front of witnesses, would cause a  
diplomatic stir that could only end  in bloodshed.
     *Let them think they have their secrets,* she smirked.  *Let  
them think they’ve gotten away with one.  I will return home,  
mouthing platitudes all the way…*
     *Then I’ll slap an embargo on them so hard it’ll ratchet their
economy back into the Stone Age.  You think my people can’t live  
without your  imports, Prime Minister?  You parochial fool.  Jurai
trades with a thousand worlds.  Your goods are popular, but  
replaceable.  You could have had great wealth from us… but now you’ll
have nothing.*
      “Fine, Prime Minister.  I see I have no recourse here.”
     The  Prime Minister visibly relaxed.  “I’m sorry, Empress,
this is  a very unfortunate happening.  But I’m sure we can work  
around it.”
     “I’m sure.” She rose.  “I will, of course, be returning to my  
planet for consultations.”
     “Of course.”  He stood and bowed slightly to her.  “I‘m certain
we can salvage things here, Empress.  Our peoples will be partners
yet.”
     “One hopes so, Prime Minister.”  *And I’m sure that you’ll pay
for this, you insolent thug.*
     *And I’m certain that in a week, I’ll be in my husband’s
arms.*
     And  with that thought, Aeka, Empress of Jurai, smiled.
----END----

Please send any comments/criticism to: Hospitaller@msn.com
Thanks, hope you enjoyed!

