---  
Disclaimer:  I claim no rights, express or implied, over any of  
the characters, names, places, events or descriptions contained
in the Tenchi Muyo series.  My use of the aforementioned
items is for strictly non-profit and personally recreational
purposes.  
---

"Iscariot Wept" Part 4: "Snowtable"

---

     Tenchi Masaki had seen many things in his lifetime.
     He’d seen villains that could destroy planets, and he’d seen  
heroes who could save races.  He’d witnessed a black hole from closer
than was physically possible, and he’d seen the powers of goddesses
distilled into flesh…
     …but he’d never, ever have thought to see this.
     “Ryouko Hakubi ne Masaki, are you STUDYING in our bed???”
     The  Commander of Juraian Expeditionary Forces, First Lady of  
the Interior, Chief of  the Imperial Bodyguard, Minister of the  
Exchequer and Second Wife of the Emperor of Jurai flicked her eyes
up at her husband for a brief moment, then returned them to the  
holobook in her lap.  She grunted derisively.  “What, an empress
can’t study?”
     Tenchi laughed.  “It’s just that in 700 years of marriage,
I’d never SEEN it.”
     Ryouko spoke without looking up.  “Feh.  I learned the fleet
tactics manual in three days.  I learned the finances of this damn
planet in a week.  I went through the ENTIRE Book of Bureaucratic
Regulation for the Interior in two weeks- and then I scrapped it and
wrote a new one that people could actually UNDERSTAND- so don’t you
tell me I can’t study.”  She looked up again over the rims of her  
glasses.  They were an affectation, pure and simple; her eyes  
wouldn’t need one diopter of correction ‘til the day she died, of  
course- but by accident she’d discovered that Tenchi found her  
extremely sexy in them, and had begun the practice of wearing them
before bed.  “Hell, when’s the last time you cracked a book?”
     Tenchi put his hands up in a defensive gesture.  “Okay, okay!
I’m just surprised to see you pouring over stuff while you’re in your
pajamas.”  He grinned.  “And looking damned good while doing so, I  
might add.”
     Ryouko couldn’t help but smile.  “Now, hold on a minute.  I know
that voice.  That’s the ‘I want sex, Ryouko, oh please sex me’ voice.
I’m busy here.  I have a class in the morning, and I’m not up to  
speed on this damned lesson yet.”
     Tenchi clasped his hands behind his back and gave his best ‘who,
me?’ look.  Ryouko took on a tone of mock severity.  “I’m not buying
it, Mister.  Now shoo.”
     “Um, Ryouko, it’s my bed too.”
     “Hmmm.  So it is, at that.”  She closed the holobook and set it
on the nightstand.  “Well, I suppose we can’t have the Lord High  
Sovereign of Jurai not even permitted into his own bed.  The people
would be terribly disappointed.”  She held out her arms.  “C’mere.”
     Tenchi undid the sash on his robe and shrugged out of it, then
lifted the sheets to slip into bed next to his wife.  He settled
into her arms facing away from her, with his head comfortably
cushioned on her chest.  “Aeka called.  She’s coming home.”  He  
closed his eyes and sighed happily.  “It’ll be good to have her  
back.”
     “Oh, is that why you’re so affectionate tonight?”  Ryouko snaked
her hand up the side of Tenchi’s head and began to run her fingers
through his short black hair.
     “Hmmm?  What do you mean?”  The Emperor of Jurai grinned  
mischievously, knowing his wife could detect the motion through
the tightening of his muscles.  *One thing about Ryouko,* he thought.
*She doesn’t miss a thing.*   He figured he might as well not even
try being subtle.  She’d see right through it.
     “Baka, don’t pretend we both don’t know how this works.  When
she comes back, she’ll be so sex-starved she’ll be on you like  
Ryou-oh-ki on a carrot.”  She paused.  “Hmmm, that image might be  
more accurate than I meant for it to be.”
     Tenchi couldn’t help it.  He burst out laughing.  “Yeah, so?”
he managed to gasp out between guffaws.
     Ryouko administered a light smack to the top of Tenchi’s head.
“Sooo, when she gets back, she’ll want you all to herself for a  
while.  Meaning you won’t be getting any of ME for a while. Meaning
you want me to blow your mind NOW, because Jurai knows we couldn’t
have you go without your weekly quotient of RyoukoSex.”
     Tenchi turned in her arms to face her.  “Am I that transparent?”
     “Of course you are, and you know it.”  There was the briefest
flicker, and then Ryouko was lying on top of her pink silk pajamas
instead of wearing them.  She reached down to the drawstring
of Tenchi’s pajama bottoms and slipped the knot loose.
     Tenchi blinked once, then quirked his eyebrow.  “You know I like
it better when you let ME undress you.”
     “Yeah, I can tell you just hate it this way.”  To punctuate
her point, Ryouko slipped her hand beneath his now-loosened
trousers and lightly squeezed his erection.  “Honk honk.”
     Tenchi half-growled, half giggled.  “Ryouko!!!  You nut!”
     “No, THESE are nuts.”  She extended her fingertips down his  
length,  then slid her hand lower to massage his testicles.  “Now,
you know if we’re gonna do this, I’m gonna have to get up early to  
finish my lesson plan.  That means no morning sex.”
     “Well, I don’t have anything to get up for,” he replied  
breathlessly.  “and you don’t REALLY need to sleep.  We could just
go all  night.”  He groaned softly as Ryouko continued her  
machinations below his waistline.
     “You know, I KNEW there was a reason you were the Emperor.”
Ryouko  smiled ferrally, revealing an extended pair of gleaming
white fangs.  “I like that idea quite a bit.”  With that, she gripped
Tenchi’s hips with her knees and adroitly rolled them both over so  
that she sat astride his midsection.  She stared down at him, golden
eyes gleaming in the lamplight.   “Though there is the small question
of whether or not you can survive a full night.”
     Tenchi met her smile with his own.  “Bring it.”
     “You asked for it, buster.”  She hesitated for a moment, letting
the anticipation build…
     Ryouko descended on him with the ferocity of a pouncing lioness.
     A few seconds later, both of the Imperial Bodyguards outside
the door of the Emperor’s bedchamber groaned and took out their  
earplugs.  It was going to be one of THOSE nights.

----

     “Alright then.  Now, Mister Kishumi, you stand on that tile  
there.”
     Ryouko’s class was standing in a loose ellipse across the  
formation yard that ranged between the east and west arms of Satsuma
hall.  She’d brought  the class out into the chill afternoon to  
arrange a little demonstration.
     “Perfect, thank you,” she told the midshipman.  “Okay, I know
this isn’t three dimensional, but you are now standing in the  
approximate positions of the Juraian Home Defense Fleet as they  
related to Jurai on the morning of The Attack.”  She looked around
for a moment, then selected one of  her charges.  “Miss Kawanakajima,
can you tell me what object represents Jurai?”
     “The flagpole, ma’am.”
     “Correct.”  Ryouko whipped a piece of candy at the young lady,
who adeptly caught it.  Her students were getting used to the ritual.
Ryouko picked out another Midshipman.  “Mister Takabe, can you tell
me at what point in space Ryou-oh-ki was first detected?”
     Takabe frowned.  It was a much harder question than the first.
All representations of The Attack that he’d seen were overhead
or planar views.  Now that he  was standing inside the model, he was
having a very difficult time relating directions and spacing to what
he’d seen from a distance.
     “No Ma’am, I can’t.”
     “Thank you Mister Takabe.”  She raised her voice.  “Can anyone
here answer the question?”
     There was no sound other than the cold breeze whistling gently
through the columns surrounding them.
     “I didn’t think so.”  Ryouko began walking toward her students.
Heads turned as she passed several of them, continuing on until she
stood next to the great doors that opened onto the formation yard  
from the central hall.   She turned.  “It was about right here.”
She reached out and rapped the bronze doors with her knuckles.
“This would be the sun.”  The doors rang out with deep bass notes
under the impact of her hand.  The midshipmen blinked in surprise,
but Ryouko kept speaking.  “Mister Takabe, though I’m sure he didn’t
know it, just taught us all the first lesson of the day.  It’s a hell
of a lot easier to see what’s what when you’re looking at an  
after-action holo.  If you’re down in the middle of the problem
yourself, things are much harder to sort out.”
     At that moment, the small pedestrian door set into the middle
of the central hall’s gates swung open.  A young woman with light
blue shoulder length hair, pale skin, and pink eyes stepped out.  She
was wearing an issue greatcoat adorned with the insignia of a first
class midshipman over a set of winter blues.  All eyes  besides
Ryouko’s went instantly to the newcomer- especially the eyes of the
males in the class.
     Midshipman Takabe and Midshipman Kosumi were standing close to  
each other on the far side  of the ellipse, and Kosumi just couldn’t
keep his thoughts to himself.   “Megami!” he whispered.  “Where are
they keeping the  ones who look like THAT?  I want to move to that
wing!”
     “Shut up, you idiot!” hissed Takabe.  “Don’t you recognize
her?”
     “No, should I?”
     “That’s Princess Sasami!  She’s a platoon commander in 36th  
company!”
     “36th,” muttered Kosumi.  “That’s over in sixth battalion.
I’ll have to see if I can find an excuse to get over that way.”
     Takabe rolled his eyes.
     Ryouko, meanwhile, was desperately trying to keep a straight
face.  She’d seen and heard the entire exchange.  Sasami walked up to
her and saluted.  Ryouko returned the salute.  “Sasami, you all set?”
     “Sure am.”  Sasami turned to look out over the formation
yard.  “I’m assuming the flagpole’s Jurai?”
     “Yep.  Oh, and be careful for those two in the back there,  
standing next to each other.”
     Sasami turned back toward Ryouko.  “What?”
     “Well, one of them thinks you’re hot.  The other one’s too   
smart for his own good.”
     Sasami laughed.  “Awww, that’s so cute!  A fourth class with a  
crush.  Which one thinks I’m hot?”
     “The one on the left.”
     Sasami squinted a little.  “Too bad.  The one on the right’s
cuter.”
     Ryouko broke into a broad grin.  “Kid, you’re just awful.  Has
anybody told you that lately?”
     “All the time, ma’am.  All the time.”
     Meanwhile, Kosumi and Takabe were feeling increasingly
uncomfortable.  What were the Vice Admiral and Sasami talking about?
And why were they looking at them?  And why  were they grinning?
     Ryouko noticed their growing unease and chuckled.  “We’d better
get  on with this, I think we’re making the kids nervous.”  Sasami
nodded in agreement.
     “Everyone, I’d like you to meet Midshipman First Class Sasami
Jurai,  Princess of Jurai.  The Princess was present at the time of  
The Attack, and was  at the palace when it was struck.”  Sasami  
noticed out of the corner of her eye that Ryouko’s hands clenched
as she spoke.
     *1400 years later, and she’s still upset by it,* thought Sasami.
*No matter how many times I tell her she’s forgiven.*  She wanted
to reach out and take Ryouko’s hand, but she couldn’t.  It just  
wasn’t something you did to a Vice Admiral in front of other people.
Even if the Vice Admiral was your best friend.
     Ryouko spoke on, fighting to keep her voice from betraying
the tightness in her throat.  *I almost killed you, kid.  I’ll never
quite live that down.*  “The Princess is going to be joining us for
the remainder of our classes.  She’ll be auditing the course, so  
don’t think you can get lucky with her as your study partner- she  
won’t be studying.”  Ryouko stared directly as Kosumi as she said  
this.  The poor young man jerked and froze like  a wild animal caught
in a high-beam headlight, then turned bright red.  Sasami giggled.
     “For this exercise, Sasami will represent Ryou-oh-ki.  Everybody
got it?”  There were nods of understanding and a few muffled “Yes  
ma’am”s from across the group.  “Good.  Okay, let’s run  this  
through.  Now I know you all know what really happened.  Try not to  
let the influence you.  When I ask you questions, give me your own  
thoughts and opinions, then we’ll relate them to what actually
took place.”  She turned to Sasami.  ‘Okay, start walking.”
     Sasami stepped away from the doors and began a slow, measured
walk toward the group.   Ryouko quick-stepped past her and back  
through the group until she reached the flagpole.  Sasami, meanwhile,
turned to transcribe a partial arc around the outside of the ellipse
of younger midshipmen.  “Alright, assume I’m planetary HQ,” Ryouko
announced.  “Is anybody going to report this contact?”
     The  midshipman nearest Sasami spoke out.  “PHQ, this is the  
Yakakaze,” he said, using the name of the historic ship that he  
represented.  “I have a contact skirting the planetary S-DIZ  
perimeter in my sector.”
     “Noted, Yakakaze,” replied Ryouko.  She did her best to sound
bored  and uninterested, just as those poor fools had sounded all  
those years ago.  “Please move to identify.”
     The  midshipman hesitated, then stepped out toward Sasami.
Sasami stopped her arc, pivoted, and then pointed her finger at the
young man.
     “Bang,” she said.  “You’re dead.”
     “Okay, everybody, the Yakakaze has just been destroyed.”
*And four  hundred people are dead.*  She pointed in succession
at two other midshipmen.  “You, and you, are the Yakakaze’s patrol
partners.  That’s  your sector.  What do you do?”
     One  of the students spoke out.  “Wait for orders.”
     The  other thought about it for a moment.  “I’d back off.   
Yakakaze just got crushed, who’s to say I’m going to do any better?”
     Ryouko shook her head.  “Okay, I just asked you an unfair  
question, and you fell for it.”  She pointed at herself.  “You’re
not on patrol out there by yourself.  You still have a PHQ supporting
you.  Use it!”  She extended her arm, encompassing a wide swath of  
the courtyard in a sweeping gesture.  “You’re part of a larger whole
here.  What if this  attacker’s not the only contact?  What if it’s
a diversion from an attack coming in from another direction?
The entire Romulask fleet could have just shown up on the other side
of the sector, and you wouldn’t know it, because you’re fixating.
They just blew up your squadron mate, and you figure you have to do  
something about it.  Okay, that’s right, you do-  but don’t throw
away your situational awareness.”
     The  second midshipman nodded, and then called out, “PHQ, this
is Izakaze.   Yakakaze is down.  Moving to engage.”
     “Perfect!  Inform of event and state intentions.”  Ryouko tossed
a piece of candy at the young man.  “That’s what you should do.  Let
PHQ know what’s going on.  They’re in a better situation than  you to
know the big picture.  If they like your plan, they can save the time
they would have used giving you orders and spend it on other people.
If they don’t like your plan, they’ll tell you.  That’s called  
‘Command by Negation,’ and it’s a great way to speed things up  in  
your Command and Control loop.  You do what you want, but let them
know you’re doing it, so they can negate it if they don’t like it.   
Of course, that system is only effective if the subordinate
units are coming up with good plans.  Otherwise, it’s more trouble
than it’s worth.  Which  is why having well-trained, communicative,
and aggressive junior commanders is so important.”  She paused for a  
moment, frowning.  “Which, unfortunately, we were lacking at the time
of The Attack.  Historically, both of Yakakaze’s squadron mates were
so outraged that they charged in, guns, blazing, and were destroyed
before they could report who they were fighting.  PHQ was in the  
dark.”  She motioned the three midshipmen representing the squadron
out of  the ellipse.  “Let’s resume the battle problem.”   
     Sasami started walking forward through the gap in the defenses.
“Okay, planetary reserve, move to intercept,” Ryouko ordered.  “Keep
at least  three tiles away from the flag to represent the gravity
well…” ----
     20 minutes later, Sasami stood next to the flagpole and pointed
at Kosumi.  He was the last remaining ‘ship’ standing.
     “Bang,” she said for the fifteenth time.  “You’re  dead.”  Then
she blew him a kiss.
     Kosumi’s eyes bugged out.
     Ryouko nearly face faulted.  *That damn kid!  She’s gonna kill
the poor guy!*   “Okay, battle problem’s over!  Kosumi, I take it  
back, you just might get lucky in a ‘study’ group with her after all!
Looks like she likes you!”
     Kosumi scurried over to join the group of ‘shot down’ midshipmen
with his fingers tightly clamping his nose shut.  Sasami laughed.
“And you say I’m bad?”
     “Yeah, you bring out the worst in me.”  Ryouko stepped down off
the  flagpole’s dais.  “Thanks for the help.  See you tomorrow
in the simulator?”
     “Sure, but I can’t stay too long.  Got a hot date.”
     “Really?”  Ryouko blinked.  “I didn’t know you had a new victim…
er… boyfriend lined up.”
     Sasami put on her best innocent look.  “Victim?  Whatever
do you mean?”
     Ryouko guffawed.  “Save that look for somebody who hasn’t been
drinking with you.  I’ll talk with you in a sec, I gotta put these
kids to bed.”  The Vice Admiral marched over to the waiting fourth
class and addressed them as a group.  “Okay, good work today.  You  
all showed a lot of progress in your decision-making.  Next class
we’ll try it out in a dynamic environment.  We’ll meet at the regular
time, but in the sim building instead of in the classroom.  We’re
going to run through the same problem and see if you all can change
history.”  She looked around, examining the faces of the students.
Some looked enthused, eager to show their skills.  Others, generally
those who had faltered during the walk-through, didn’t look so happy.
Ryouko resolved to send out some personal-feedback e-mails to try and
help them  along.  “Okay, make sure you do the reading.  The sim set
up will be a  little different, so you need to have the background
data down cold.  Get me?”
     There was a chorus of “Yes ma’am”s.
     “Alright then.  Class dismissed.”
     There was a flurry of salutes and counter salutes, then the  
students scattered to the various points of exit around the formation
yard.  Ryouko waited until the last had gotten out of saluting
range, then walked back over to Sasami.
     “So,” she said, “tell me about this boy.”

----

     “You know, sometimes I just can’t believe this is happening.”
     “Hmmmm?”  Tenchi put his book down and looked over at his wife.
“What’s that?”
     “This class.”  Ryouko stretched and put her arms behind her  
head.  “Tactics.  Strategy.  Command by Negation.  Communication.
Using your head.   Teamwork.”  She looked over at the Emperor.
“I’m teaching things that I used to think were a bunch of unnecessary
bullshit that got in the way of a good fight.  What the hell  
happened?”
     “You grew up.”  He reached over and gathered her close to him.
“You got responsible.”  He smiled.  “I kinda like it.”
     “Bah.”  She pouted.  “I got old.”
     “You’re to sexy to be old.”  He ran his hands around her and  
gave her breasts a gentle squeeze to accentuate the point.
     “True… mmmmm… keep doing that.”  She closed her eyes and happily
leaned back against her husband.
     Tenchi laughed.  “See?  Far too sexy to be old.”  He tilted
his head down to kiss her lightly at the base of her neck while his
hands continued to massage her chest.  Ryouko let herself relax,
sagging her shoulders and neck backwards  until she was supported
entirely by her husband’s body.
     “You know,” she said with her eyes still closed, “every time I  
talk to these kids about the things I did back then, I feel damned
awful.  But what’s weird is that I don’t so much feel awful about
what happened, as that they don’t know who I am.”  She opened her  
eyes and  sat up.  “I’ve done terrible things.  I know I have.  But
I’ve given my life to this planet now, and that makes some kind of  
cosmic sense.  It doesn’t absolve anything, but at least it all seems
to make sense.”  She turned toward her husband and met his eyes.   
“But when I look in these kids’ eyes, I feel like I’m lying to them.
Like they deserve to know who it is that’s telling them these  
things.”  She was trembling a little now.  “Don’t they deserve to   
know?  Shouldn’t they get to judge for themselves if they want to  
learn how to kill from the greatest murder in the history of Jurai?
Shoul-mmph!”
     Tenchi swept his wife into a crushing hug that stopped her in  
mid-sentence.  “Don’t you dare say that,” he whispered in her ear.
“Don’t you dare think of yourself like that.  That’s not you.”
     “I know that,” she whispered back after a long moment.  “But  
sometimes I wonder, Tenchi.”  She let out a long, frustrated
sigh.  “Sometimes I still wonder.”

----

     Takabe and Kosumi walked out of the Academy library as it closed
that night.  They both had a Weapons And Systems of Threat Fleets
test the following day, and had spent the evening poring over the  
technical data that would be on the exam.  Each felt like their brain
had been run through a pulper.  Kosumi, as per usual, was trying
to make himself feel better by thinking about women.
     “So Takabe, you want to swing by Sixth Bat, see if we can catch
Sasami in her night clothes?”
     Takabe laughed.  “Dude, she’d fucking flay us.  And we’d get  
kicked out.”
     “Might be worth it.  Man, she was smoking’ hot!”
     “Yeah, but I tell ya what’s weird,” mused Takabe.  “When she  
stood next to the Vice Admiral, I noticed that they looked pretty
close, age wise.”
     “Huh?”  Kosumi looked confused.  “That’s impossible.  It takes
centuries and centuries to make flag rank.”
     “Yeah, I know,” Takabe replied.  “I think you were right.   I  
think our instructor’s related to the emperor.  That’s the only way
she could make rank so young.”
     “Hmmm.  I wonder where she stands in the family.”
     “Probably a Duchess or some such.  If you were really that  
curious, you could check the genealogies.  But do it after the damn
test, ne?  Your brain’s full enough as it is.”
     “True that.  Maybe I’ll check next week.  Might be interesting.

----END----

Please send any comments or criticism to Hospitaller@msn.com
Thanks, hope you enjoyed!
