Jitter Bug
Mike256bit [mike_256bit@hotmail.com]

A Tenchi Muyo! based fanfic.

Disclaimer: I own one character.  I do not own Tenchi Muyo! or its 
creations.  I
DO own various types of body cells.

Warning: [NC-17] Wee!  Mihoshi-Tenchi lemon!  Now THAT's something I'm
excited about.  It's a sweet deal though, just, you know, the intense 
love-making!

My notes: I was settling down for my normal hentai-brainwave before bedtime
when BAM!  I was a struck with a new scene!  Like adding lead chloride to
potassium sulfate, everything began to fall into (or, out to, rather) place! 
  Thing
just REALLY began connecting and I hopped up, banged my head, fell back
whining like the little wussy pants I am, got up CAREFULLY, and scribbled
down the most caring Miho-Tenchi lemon to date!  Call me biased but I think
it's nice. A bit of it was inspired from the No Need for Tenchi manga, 
'Catching
Colds', now that I think of it, but to be fair, I think I had the idea 
before I got
them in the mail.

My point is, don't get all bitchy if I do something a li'l bit, -- or a 
lotta bit --
differently.  So from here on in, you know the deal.  Title 17 of the 
copyright
law applies -- I don't own Tenchi Muyo!  or its contingents, but I own the 
story.
Don't rip me.

Oh, and that, I love criticism, however: flames will be promptly and swiftly
laughed at, severly stored in a separate file, and removed later without 
haste for
further comic relief.

If you download ANYTHING, download the Video Kam Ventures video for
'Blinded me With Science." It's Washu in ALL, and I mean all, her glory.

I make up words so terriciously frequently.

As far as music, I decided that I can no longer suggest stuff.  You're on 
yer
own!


Flip mode. . .is. . . the squall?  Wha?  What the hell does THAT mean?

--

-Jitter Bug


     The burning stench of rubber flooded the humid air as a car zipped its
way on the already busy freeway.  It jerked to the left violently before 
sliding
back over to the right where a speedy stream of cars lined the SUV lane.  A
blade of grass timidly poking through the cracked asphalt was smoothed to a
green bleh as the large family-mobile sped by.  Finally, it seemed to come 
under
order as it fell into a reasonable line, the blares of voices quelled 
within.

     "This isn't fair!" Ryouko hissed, slumping in her seat.  It was bad
enough that Nobuyuki drove like an old woman but it was the icing on the 
cake
to he listened to the appropriate old woman-music.
     "Oh pipe down, Ryouko," Washu gritted, not even turning from her
seat up front.  She stared passively out the window, though tempted to blow 
the
radio into oblivion.  She, however, reasoned that enough chaos had come from
Ryouko wrenching foreword and pressing buttons and pulling levers.
Nobuyuki was still a little shaken from her slamming the van into reverse 
for a
moment.  However, the protective presence of Washu gave way to a lesser fear
-- unless, of course, anything was HER doing.  "You're only upset because
Tenchi couldn't come."
     "That's not true!  He COULD come, -- who gets a cold in JULY?!"
     Ayeka peeked to her seat-mate, though, not willingly.  "Mihoshi does.
I, for one, think it was very -princely- of Lord Tenchi to stay and look 
after
her."
     Ryouko huffed, lifting her hand slightly in the attempt to stop her 
self
from smacking the crap out of the noise-box next to her.  "Hush up, you.
You're worse than this American music."
     "Hey!  Why you-- Well you're worse than CANADIAN music!"
     "YOU TAKE THAT BACK!!"
     "Girls, please!" Nobuyuki pleaded, anally watching the cars now zip by
him as he dropped ten clicks below the speed limit.  He never knew one could
recover from six simultaneous heart attacks so quickly.  "My firm RARELY
gives tickets away, you're all lucky they gave me enough!  They always kept
looking at me funny each time I said I had a NEW daughter. . . I'm just glad
they haven't asked to meet any of you. . ."
     "Oh!" Sasami called, bouncing slightly in her seat next to Katsuhito.
"Where ARE we going?"
     "Well!  They're sending us off to a beach resort off the coast of 
Niigata!
Sounds like fun, eh girls?"
     Ryouko pouted, her quarrel with Ayeka already dead.  "No.  Tenchi
won't be there. . ." She stared at the back of Washu's head, a deep glare 
etched
on her face.  "It's so faaarrr!  I want my Tenchi!" she whined, writhing a 
bit as
the heat of the mid summer seeped into the vehicle.
     "You're such a baby, Ryouko. . ." Ayeka whispered, glancing over once
more.
     Katsuhito sat quietly, although a little queasy from Sasami's 
continuous
bouncing.  That, and it was a hot day.  He smiled though, the humor of the
situation not lost on him.
     "If I could check up on him I wouldn't be so upset!"
     "Sorry, Little Ryouko," Washu muttered, trying to fall back to sleep.
"No powers on this trip.  Don't make me get a baby seat."
     Ayeka's eyes closed as she heard her seat-mate sneer back to Washu:
"Oh yeah?  How would I fit, smarty?" The princess' eyes opened again upon
hearing a small pop, and the sound of a locked buckle.  Looking over, she
quickly brought both hands up to her face to hide the contorted look of 
sheer
amusement.
     "Kappa!!"

--

     "Sorry, t-to--" a sneezed rocked her shakey frame as Mihoshi fell back
to the couch in an awful moan.  "Ooo. . ." Tenchi re-entered, smiling gently 
as
he set the bowl of soup he carried on the coffee table.
     "Mihoshi, don't get up if you aren't well!" He pulled the thick blanket 
up
and around her shoulders, readjusting the ice pad on her forehead.  She 
looked
up with tired eyes, thanking him silently.
     "Sorry, Tenchi. . . I just don't want to be a bother. . ."
     "Don't worry about it.  Washu said you just have a little stomach virus 
--
probably from that restaurant we went to. . .  what was it?  McDonna's or
something?" He shook his head, slipping a thermometer in her mouth.
"Something American. . . You want some miso?"
     She nodded lazily, smiling around the thermometer.  "Mmhmm!" He
laughed lightly, plucking the thermometer from her mouth, a small pop
sounding as it was pulled from her lips. Glancing at it, his brow furrowed 
in
concern.
     "That's awfully high. . .you better not move around today.  If you need
anything, just ask me, okay?" Sneezing, she nodded.
     "Uh, oh. . . I will, Tenchi."
     He lapsed into silence, picking up the bowl and bringing the spoon to
her mouth.  She obediently opened, sitting up a bit as the warm soup slid 
into
her body.  It spread like fire -- a nice fire, a little salty, but she 
couldn't fault
Tenchi for caring for her.
     "Tenchi, why'd you stay?  Honorable Father said he'd stay and look
over me.  You could have gone with the others and had fun at the beach!"
     He paused in his feeding, setting the bowl down again.  "Well, not to
bad mouth dad or anything, he isn't the best cook in the world.  And 
besides,
he's the only one of us that can drive, or has the license to.  And 
besides," he
mused, picking the bowl up again before wiping a thin line of soup that 
escaped
down her chin, "I wouldn't be able to have fun if I knew you weren't feeling
well.  On top of that, I'd have Ryouko and Ayeka terrorizing me to death!" 
He
chuckled but suddenly got very close to her face.  "Please don't tell them I 
said
that."
     She smiled hazily, yawning a bit before he spooned another sip of soup
to her lips.  She made a bit of an effort to swallow, her throat burning a 
little.
"That's very sweet of you, Tenchi.  Thanks. . ." She giggled as healthy as 
she
could at the blush that came over Tenchi before the laughter punctured a 
pain
in her side.  "Eii!" She jerked up a bit, holding her stomach.  "Ow!"
     Tenchi quickly set the bowl down, gently bringing Mihoshi back to
laying down.  "You better get some rest.  I'll get you your medicine so you 
can
sleep, alright?"
     "Ah. . . alright. . . sorry I can't finish the soup; it's good. . ."
     "I'll just put it in the fridge.  If you want more, I'll heat it up for 
you."
     She smiled despite the ache.  "Thank you, Tenchi."
     He returned the grin, carrying the bowl and towel off, returning
moment later with a small vile.  She stuck out her tongue, allowing Tenchi 
to
pipet a few drops of the medicine into her mouth.  She closed her mouth,
sighing as she settled into the couch.  "At least Washu made it. . .  taste 
like
bubble gum. . ." She yawned, quickly having escaped a more realistic world 
of
aches and pains.  Tenchi stayed put, moving to a nearby chair.
     "Why wouldn't I stay?" he asked no one in particular.  "I mean, I'd do
this for anyone. Mostly to protect them from my dad . . ." He leaned back,
watching her sleep.  "And knowing him, I'm doing Mihoshi the biggest favor. 
.
."
     Taking his gaze away for a moment, he looked out the window,
watching the mid day sun sweep over the summer forest.  "I wonder how the
rest of them are doing?"

--

     Ding!
     "Sir?"
     Ding!
     "Eh-excuse me, sir?"
     Ding!  Ding!
     "Mister--"
     Washu pushed Ayeka to the side roughly, huffing a bit.  "Oh shove off,
Ayeka!  Watch and learn." She jumped up, clamoring onto the counter and
picked up the bell the hotel receptionist failed to respond to.  Slamming 
the flat
end to the back of his head, she screamed: "Hey!  Dick face!  Room us!"
     "Yeowch!" the short, balding man cried as he turned.  Sasami tried
desperately not to laugh at his sizable nose, turning to hide her grin.  
Ayeka
rolled her eyes, leaning against the counter top.  The man glared at Washu, 
who
sat of the edge of the counter, and motioned for her to continue.
     "Mr. . .Sniffily?"
     "That's SNIVELY," his nasal voice  chastised.
     "You don't say.  Well!  We'd like a room, please."
     "How many people?"
     "Our money-bag-- I mean, Mr. Masaki and Grandfather are parking the
car as we speak.  So with them, five." Before he could begin logging, she 
held
up a finger.  "Ah ah!  Do you allow pets?"
     "Er, yes ma'am, but only of--"
     "Excellent!" she squealed, hopping of the counter.  "How about this
wolverine?" From nowhere, she plucked a large steeled cage, rattling the 
floor.
People who were walking by left only dust trails as their markers.
     Mr. Snively sputtered, steeping back from the counter as the beast's
growl rang through the lobby.
     "How 'bout this mountain grizzly?  This tank of Madagascran fire ants?"
Two more sizable cages shook the room, towering high to the ceiling.
     "ONLY ANIMALS CAGED IN CONTAINERS OF TWO CUBIC
FEET OR LESS!!" he shrieked from memory, hiding under the counter.
     "Yes, Ms. Washu," Ayeka reprimanded.  "And we said no experiments!
This is a vacation!" She sighed, leaning against the counter once more.  "A
vacation without Lord
Tenchi. . ."
     "Don't YOU start, Ayeka." Sasami warned, stepping near her.
     "And if you're going to call Tenchi 'Lord Tenchi', you call ME Little
Washu!  Got it?" Turning back to the paled receptionist, Washu 
demateriallized
the cages and animals.  Instead, she hefted a small cage onto the counter.
"How about this turtle, then?"
     "Kappa!!" it whined, kicking cedar.
     "P-perfectly fine."
     "Spectacular!" she plucked the keys from his stiff hand, lifting the 
cage
as she walked to the complex's interior.  "Bill Mr. Masaki once he's in!"

     "Oh, don't be so mad, Ryouko.  I got you in for free, didn't I?"
     "That's not what I'm mad about," she growled, eying Washu
disdainfully.
     "Then for the last time, you should embrace the fact that Tenchi is a
nice enough guy to stay home for one of you--"
     "That's not it either, pipsqueak."
     "Then what?"
     Ryouko growled, opening her door wider so Washu could see in.  "I'M
ROOMED WITH AYEKA!"
     Washu nodded, stepping in.  "I know." Ryouko slammed the door, still
seething a bit as Ayeka calmly put her wares away.  Washu calmly plucked a 
bit
of plaster from her hair.  "It's meant to be so."
     "Why couldn't she stay with Sasami?!  They're sisters!"
     "You know," Ayeka interjected, "you don't have to talk like I'm not
here."
     "Shaddup, you!"
     Look," Washu finalized, making it clear that whatever followed would
be unquestionable.  "Sasami wanted to stay with me and that's all there is 
to it.
Unless either one of you want roomed with Father, I suggest you get a little
more friendly.  Got it?"
     Ryouko sighed in defeat.  "Fine."
     "Now, give your mommy a kiss."
     "NO!" Ryouko shouted curtly, stomping her foot.
     "Ryouko," Washu warned, shaking her finger before tapping her cheek.
Swearing silent revenge, Ryouko muttered as she leaned down, giving Washu a
small peck on the cheek.  Ryouko quickly righted, crossing her arms as Washu
beamed.  "That's my girl!  Now, why don't you two go swimming or something;
it's a nice day for that."
     "Nah," Ryouko shook her head, moving over to sit on her own bed.
"I'm not in the mood for it. . ." Washu followed, sitting next to her.
     "Look, Ryouko.  Don't ruin your trip just because Tenchi isn't here.
Think of it this way. The longer you're away, the more excited he'll be to 
see
you when you get back." Ayeka's ears perked as she bit her lip, trying not 
to
break into the mother-daughter moment to tell Washu how wrong she was.
After all, Tenchi probably stayed home to avoid Ryouko.
     "Hey yeah!" Ryouko exclaimed brightly, clapping her hands.  "Thanks,
Little Washu."
     "Just doin' m'job!  I'ma go hit the pool, bye now!" Washu winked and
the bed left a brief depression before re-balancing as Washu vanished.
Ryouko's smile faded slightly when she looked over to Ayeka, who looked back
with a smirk.  "What do YOU want?"
     "Very touching, Miss Ryouko."
     "Bite me.  At least my mom is COOL." Although it was the only time
she'd probably admit it, it was the only thing she had to throw at the 
priss.
     "Not cooler than my mom!"
     Ryouko hopped up walking around the bed to meet Ayeka halfway.
"Bullshit!  My mom could beat your mom!"
     "Well I can beat YOU, demon!"

     Ding!

--

     Tenchi was jerked from his sleep by a bout of violent sneezes and a
groan, forcing his eyes open as he hazily registered that he fell asleep in 
the
chair.  Mihoshi exhaustedly settled back against the couch, moaning 
pitifully.
"Owwy. . ."
     Tenchi smiled a bit -- not at the fact that she was in pain; Tenchi 
isn't
that much of an ass.  She was cute when she slept, to say the least.  Cuter, 
he
supposed, when she was sniveling like a little kid.  He shifted, sitting up, 
and
got to his feet.  He stretched, not taking his eyes away from Mihoshi's now 
still
form.  He moved behind the couch, leaning on pillows on the couches top as 
he
looked down to her soft face.
     "At least she doesn't clamor all over me -- she sure is refreshing." He
chuckled a bit before a pillow slipped forward, toppling down and on Mihoshi
chest.  She grunted a bit, stirred, and opened a blurry eye.
     "Tenchi. . .?"
     He impetuously reached down, grasping the pillow and placed it back
on the couch.  "Hiya Mihoshi, Sorry for waking you," he mumbled quietly.
     She yawned, sitting up.  "Oh, my!  I feel so much better!"
     "Oh?  Can you walk?" He moved around, grasping her hand as she
pushed the blanket aside.  She shakily got to her bare feet before slipping 
back
and into Tenchi's arms.
     "Ei!" The strength was gone from her legs entirely, as she leaned on
Tenchi for total support.  "I guess. . .not. . ." He shifted his grasp, 
hugging her
just below her softer parts.  She felt a woozy rush flow back to her head as 
her
betraying ill will flooded back in.
     "You're really warm, you'd better lay back down." He sat them down,
Mihoshi still leaning against him.  "Do you want more soup?" he asked 
gently,
mindlessly stroking his hand along her side.
     "N-no. . . it's alright. . . Tenchi. . ." she sighed, settling against 
him.
"Thanks for the
help. . ." She yawned again, and kissed his cheek.  "You're so nice. . ."
     She zonked out, the upset in balance toppling him over. He froze as she
practically used him as a bed, squishing him against the couch.  Unable to
move, he laughed inwardly, realizing that Mihoshi managed to pin him -- no
pun intended.
     So, she doesn't clamor.  No way.  She's just way more subtle.

--

     "Little Washu, I wish you hadn't ordered so much on room service!!"
     She looked up, peeking through her sunglasses at Nobuyuki who'd
decided to join her at the pool.  Whether to ogle her or the others girls 
was still
undecided.
     She shrugged, leaning back against her pool recliner.  "I like trying 
new
things.  I've never had a whole liquor cabinet at the touch of my fingers!"
     "But, you can do anything!  You have a lab!!"
     "Yeah, but not enough Tequila." She chortled, sipping at her glass.
     "Oy. . ." was his final complaint as his mind sought the curves of her
body to compensate for so much money lost.
     "You know, this could be considered pedophilic since I'm such an
adorable thirteen-year old, Honorable Father."
     "Point taken." Before he could move along, a loud crash sounded
several stories above as a few panes of glass shattered, sprinkling bits of 
glass
down like deadly rain.  Washu watched with a bored, tense look.
     "Dammit."

     Nobuyuki cried gently as he observed the staggered room.  Washu
stood at the foot of the double bed, tapping her foot as she looked to the 
two
warriors sheepishly looking up to her.  Ryouko was considerably more charred
than Ayeka.
     "I'm severely disappointed in you two."
     "Ayeka's fault," Ryouko muttered quietly.
     "Quiet!  Neither of you say a word!  I took Ryouko's powers away for a
reason, so use your head Ayeka.  It'll be a little harder for Ryouko to 
fight
back." Ryouko squirmed, looking away in a huff.  "I'm going to fix this room 
to
spare Nobuyuki's sanity, and you two are going to stay in it the rest of the 
trip!"
     "What?!" they rang in unison.
     "You heard me!  This is intolerable behavior and you two are going to
at least TRY to work out some differences.  Is that clear?"
     Ryouko hopped up, coming face to. . . well, face with Washu.  The
genius was considerable more intimidating when in adult form.  Ryouko was
also irked to find herself shorter.  "You can't!  I'll die of prissiness!" 
Washu
simply pointed to the bed.
     "SIT!"
     Ryouko obediently did so, as Ayeka quietly spoke up.  "Mis-- Lit-- . . 
.
Washu, this is considerably unfair.  I doubt we'll survive."
     Washu grunted, snapping her fingers as the room began to right itself.
"Deal with it, Ayeka.  Don't be so melodramatic."  As the room came back to
working order, Washu walked out the door.  Peeking back in, she gave deathly
glares to both the girls.  "If you TOUCH this door, you'll regret it.  Have 
all
room service sent to my room, and I'll get it here.  And keep it 
reasonable!" The
door slammed, causing both roommates to hop.
     Ayeka sighed as she was thwapped in the back of the head.  "Ow."
     "Thanks a lot, Ayeka."
     "Ryouko, don't.  I'm tempted to blow you out the window again, but
Washu's right.  It'll do us no good to fight."
     Ryouko snorted, smacking Ayeka again.  "Don't talk to ME like a little
kid.  But as much as I want to take you on in a REAL fight, Washu's right."
     Ayeka growled, returning the smack.  "Then stop hitting me, cretin."
     Ryouko lightly punched Ayeka's shoulder.  "Get off my case."
     Ayeka returned it, glaring at the demon.  "Cut it out, wench." Ryouko
paused before diving over and tacking Ayeka off the bed.

     Washu stood at the foot of the bed, huffing as she shook her fist as 
the
two now handcuffed to the headboard.  "AND DON'T MOVE!!" She stormed
out, a series of clicks sounding on the outside.
     "Hussy."
     "Priss."
     "Whore."
     "You wanna watch the spice channel?"
     Ayeka was silent for a moment before kicking the remote up and into
her hand.  "Okay."

     A few hours later, Washu finally relented and let them move about
freely.  However, they were still forbidden from leaving.  Ryouko blankly
stared at the TV, lying on her stomach.  The erotic scenes doing nothing to
quell any yearnings she had.  Ayeka had lost interest shortly before, and 
was
trying to get a bit of sleep.
     "I miss Tenchi," Ryouko muttered tiredly, staring at the screen.
     "Go to bed, Ryouko."
     "But I miss Tenchi. . ."
     "I heard you.  So do I.  Go to sleep."
     Ryouko almost repeated herself, but switched off the TV as she turned
around and laid herself down next to her bane.  She flinched, a bit of 
arousal
still burning below her waist.  "Maybe the Spice channel wasn't a good idea. 
. ."
     She slipped under the blankets as the room darkened, instantly phasing
out of her clothing.  She pushed them over the side of the bed and lay flat 
on
her back, staring up at the ceiling as various colors from the streets 
poured up
through the window.  She shifted, grunting at the thoughts of Tenchi 
mingling
with the last few things she saw on the television.
     "Dammit," she grumbled, a hand resting between her legs.  "Just be
quiet about it. . ." she whispered to herself, a bout of stroking getting 
under
way.  She whimpered a bit, wishing desperately that she'd gotten sick.
     Suddenly, the thin blanket was a problem for the heated pirate.  Ryouko
sighed in a low rumble, phasing up and above the sheets.  The cool air 
attacked
her sheen skin, exciting her just a bit more.  Certainly enough to get her 
moving
faster. A large bead of sweat dripped from her forehead, flying off when
Ryouko whipped her head to the side. Perhaps it was her resettling on the 
bed
or the moderately loud moan she made when she made contact with a certain
body part; whatever the cause, Ayeka had awaken.
     "Ryouko?" she asked quietly without turning.  "What are you doing?"
     "Nothing!" Ryouko grimaced; she said it far too quickly and far too
huskily for Ayeka not to notice.
     "Alright. . . g'night." Ryouko waited, but that was all she had to say.
Like a kid getting away with stealing a cookie from the jar, Ryouko smiled 
and
went back to what she was doing.  She paid no mind as Ayeka shifted next to
her; already fast asleep in the mangles sheets.  Ryouko's eyes dimmed and
unfocused for a moment as her search took on more urgency.
     Everything came back to crisp clarity, however, once Ayeka rolled over
facing her, unconsciously wrapping her arms around Ryouko's more active one.
Ryouko stilled, unable to move her hand from her crotch due to Ayeka's firm
grasp.  What was perhaps more unsettling was that Ayeka's leg had also
wrapped itself over Ryouko's.
     "Princess, what the hell do you think you're doing?!" Ryouko hissed,
letting go of her breast as she raised her fist to punch Ayeka from here to
Sendai.  Seeing the princess sleep soundly, however, took the shock out of 
the
actions.  Trying to writhe out of Ayeka's grip, Ryouko muttered to herself 
in
both a playful and menacing mixture: "You better be thinking about Tenchi."
     Ryouko's escaping movement, however, only brought a tighter grasp
and a grimace as Ayeka snuggled closer, draping her other arm across 
Ryouko's
chest.  Ryouko took a moment to catch the strong scent of Ayeka's breath
before coming to the hopeful conclusion.
     "No wonder she's Ms. Touchy-Feely; she's plastered.  When'd she get
sake up here?" The pirate attempted to move again, but it occurred to her 
that
movement brought of squeezing, and considering the fact that she was still 
on
the tip of her adventure, it didn't help matters.  "Well I can't stay like 
this, what
if Washu finds out?!"
     She moaned a bit as Ayeka began squeezing on her own.  "What are
you doing, Princess," Ryouko muttered, not really caring that it was her
anymore.  She may as well finish what she started.  Consequences would come
tomorrow, but at the time, tomorrow seemed to be a long way off. Trying to
avoid thinking about her bedmate, Ryouko went back to her original task with
just a little bit of help.
     An undulating feeling swept over Ryouko as she moaned again, sighing
as she fell loose against the bed.  She sighed a name, hearing mutely Ayeka 
do
the same.
     "Tenchi. . ."

--

     Tenchi awoke once again, surprised to find himself alone.  He sat up on
the couch, looking about as he refolded the blanket.  "Mihoshi?" Hearing no
answer, he got to his feet, making way for the kitchen.  He looked back to 
the
couch briefly, frowning.  She sure was comfortable. . .
     He peeked into the kitchen, seeing Mihoshi sit on the counter, looking
down at a cup of tea she'd prepared for herself.  "Mihoshi?"
     She looked up, startled as she set the tea down.  "Tenchi!  I was uh,
just. . . I was feeling a little better, and  I suppose it was greedy-- I 
mean silly!
Silly, of me to uhm. . . lay all over you and--"
     "Mihoshi, don't worry about it.  You were tired."
     "Yeah. . . Tired.  And I didn't mean to kiss you, I just wanted to 
thank
you for being so nice!" She tipped her head to the side, hopping off the
counter.  "Know what I mean?"
     He chuckled again, moving over to take her hand as he guided her back
to the living room.  She blushed a bit, but let him move her.  "I said don't 
worry
about it.  Besides, it was a sweet gesture." Stopping in the living room, he
turned to her, still not letting go of her hand.  "So are you feeling 
better?"
     She looked down at his hand, sighing as her blushed deepened.  He
followed the gaze and abruptly let go, a crimson overtaking him as well.
"Sorry," he mumbled, sitting on the couch.  "Do you want to watch TV?"
     She shook her head, taking place next to him.  "No. . . how about some
music?"
     "Oh sure." He feigned a smile, preparing himself for some sort of
techno-pop-groove as she hopped up and bounced over to the stereo.  At least
she was feeling more lively.
     "Oh!  A waltz!  Do you wanna dance, Tenchi?"
     Surprised, he stood, walking over.  "Dance?  I. . . don't really know
how."
     "All the more fun!" she laughed, loading the CD.  "I'll teach you!" She
grasped his hands, pulling him over to the open floor behind the couch and 
by
the stairs.  He nodded blankly as she placed his right hand on her hip and
grasped his other.  "That is, if you don't mind me leading." She giggled as 
he
shook his head and began moving.  "Waltz's are done in three, so it's a li'l 
tricky
for beginners.  But just remember," she tapped his nose with a finger from 
the
hand resting over his shoulder and smiled.  "One, two three!"
     Tenchi picked up rather quickly, stepping forward and completing the
motion on three with a bit of a bounce.  He grinned, seeing the joviality on
Mihoshi's face.  "This is fun!  Where did you learn to dance?"
     "Well," she mused, looking up a moment in thought.  "I minored in
musical theory and dance, so I suppose that's your answer."
     "Oh?  What other  dances do you know?" She startled him by hopping
back, clapping.
     "We'll do my favorite!" she squealed,  racing over to the stereo, 
nearly
tripping headlong over the rise to the table.  He made a bit a move to go 
catch
her, but she was still on her feet, and quickly changing the CD.
     "What's your favorite?"
     She turned as an Argentinean beat filled the room.  "The Tango!"
Tenchi gulped as she moved over to him, holding him.
     "Mihoshi, even I know this is tough to do!  I'll never get it!"
     She grinned, pushing up against him.  "Just follow my lead."

     Several hours later, Tenchi elated as he held Mihoshi close to him on
the final beat of the dance.  "I got it!" he gasped, tightly pressed to 
Mihoshi.
"That was great!" he panted, stumbling a bit as the adrenaline began to 
slow.
     "You did very well, Tenchi," Mihoshi said just above a whisper, the
hours of dancing finally draining all her energy.  She sighed a moment, 
finding
the feeling of their now more scantly clad persons together not only 
exhilarating
but, in her mind, right.  Mihoshi just couldn't get herself to chase Tenchi 
as the
other girls had.
     A few hours prior, the heat of the dance had begun to get to them and
they got into more relieving clothing.  In the rush of seeing Tenchi's frame 
so
well outlined, she thought she heard him say something about never having
worn a wife-beater before.  Mihoshi had let her blouse open, the expose
undergarment doing nothing to affect Tenchi, (at least, to negative terms).  
He
was, to say the least, determined to get it right.
     Whether the pheromones swimming through his brain, the breasts
pressed against his chest, or the cutest face he'd ever seen, the kiss he'd 
given
Mihoshi was most unexpected.  It was rigid, mostly due to its impromptu
nature.  However, it sunk into a more fluid motion, ending sharply when
Tenchi pulled back.  Mihoshi looked at him questioningly with a tiny whimper
as he stuttered a reply.
     They ran off in opposite directions, their apologies still hanging in 
the
air.

--

     "I am not a nymphomaniac!!" Ryouko dodged another book as Ayeka
continued to scream, pausing occasionally to wipe at herself in 
mock-disgust.
When they'd woken up that morning, it was not a pretty sight.  At least, it
wasn't a pretty sight, depending on the spectator.  Hell was surely raised.
     Ryouko pulled her sleeves down, ducking under another book.  Ayeka's
attitude put a severe chill in the room -- Ryouko was suddenly glad she 
brought
her green and yellow number.  "Then don't grab my breasts."
     "YOU MUST HAVE PUT MY HANDS THERE!!" Whipping another
book at her Ayeka sat on the bed with a grunt.  Ryouko caught the book,
bonking Ayeka on the head.
     "Pipe down, you!" Ryouko walked around, standing before the princess.
"In all fairness, it's your fault."
     "Then why didn't you stop me?" Ayeka hissed.  "Wait until Lord Tenchi
finds out that Ryouko likes the company of ladies!"
     Ryouko smirked, hefting her breasts.  "Guess whose fingers were all
over my boobies!" Ryouko let herself go, placing her hands on her hips.
"Look, we're both apparently very explorative people, and we both miss
Tenchi.  Washu wanted us to resolve some issues, so I think I have an idea."
     Ayeka glared at her, crossing her arms over her chest.  "No way.
Never."
     Ryouko put her hands up to her face, donning the most innocent look
she could.  "Oh it's so soft, Lord Tenchi!  Squeezy squeezy!"
     "You cut that out!" Ryouko dropped her hands and sat next to Ayeka,
leaning back on the bed.
     "Listen, it's going to be a long trip.  We've still got a few more days 
left
locked up in here, and I don't think we'll get by with playing Scrabble."
     "And you're proposing sex?!  You're more vile than I thought!"
     "Actually," Ryouko chuckled.  "I was just proposing that Washu
perhaps give each of us stimulatory aids.  I had no intention of touching 
you in
the least." Ryouko grinned at Ayeka's intense blushing as the princess 
buried
her face in her hands.  "Where was YOUR mind, princess sex-me-up?"
     Ayeka kept quiet, turning away from Ryouko.  The pirate continued to
grin and quietly crawled up behind her.  In a flash, she grasped Ayeka's 
chest,
giving two fierce squeezes.  "Unless you really wanna do it, of course!"

     Washu's eyebrow twitched as she heard the shatter of glass from a few
stories up.  The others around the pool pointed up to the figure flying out 
the
window.  Washu sighed, snapping her fingers, and the figure u-turned, 
zipping
back into the building.
     "Whatever," Washu muttered.

     "Aha!  Got you now, Ayeka!" Ryouko drove back through the window,
pushing Ayeka up against the wall.  The princess shrieked, suddenly finding 
it
very hard to overpower Ryouko.
     "Let me go, you!  You've already caused me enough trouble!"
     Ryouko grinned, pressing Ayeka into the wall.  "That little suggestion 
of
yours did give me an idea!  After all, there's no substitute for the real 
thing,
right?"
     Ayeka recoiled, grimacing.  "You're kidding me!"
     Ryouko smirked, phasing them out of their clothing.  Ayeka squirmed
as the pirate hungrily closed in. "You started it."

--

     Tenchi milled around his room, still in his clothing from the night
before.  Not having slept a wink, he was indeed tired, but his thoughts 
hadn't
wavered a bit from last night.  He hadn't left his room all day, either, as 
it
closed around sunset. Sure, it was a barely a night, a simple kiss; but let 
it be
considered that when its done in the swarm of five ladies after your heart,
kissing one of them is pretty much marking your territory.
     That had been all Tenchi posed for the past few hours.  Had he kissed
her because he really wanted to, or was it the heat of the moment?  
(Granted, it
was indeed a heated moment.)  He sighed, only really remembering how good
and even guiltless it felt.  He wanted that kind of a touch again, but how 
right
was it when all the girl didn't have their fair chance?
     Then again, Mihoshi was never the most boisterous when it came to
admitting her love for Tenchi.  With Ryouko and Ayeka in the way, she went
pretty well unnoticed on those terms.  So, in a sense, this WAS fair play.
     Man, he was really hungry.
     He turned to a thump at the door and what sounded like the skitter of
feet.  Quickly, he padded over and jerked the door open, seeing Mihoshi slow
to a stop as she moved away from his door.  She was already on the stairs, 
but
couldn't quite make her get-a-way.  She cringed, knowing she was caught and
stood still until she felt him approach.  She turned quickly, stepping up to 
the
hallway, trying to speak as he gently took hold of her shoulders.
     "I'm uh. . .sorry. . .Mihoshi."
     She nodded, not looking away as neither attempted to move.
     "I guess it was a little uncalled for and I was impetuous when I 
shouldn't
have been. . ."
     "Uh huh. . ."
     There was click at the window on the landing as a summer's breeze
carried a twig through the air and against the house before Tenchi wrapped 
his
arms around Mihoshi, the girl pushing herself into Tenchi in a fierce kiss.
Neither noticing that they hadn't changed their clothing since the night 
before,
the stumbled back into Tenchi's room, Tenchi more carrying Mihoshi than
leading her.
     It was probably the pheromones.
     Mihoshi whined mutely as she tightened her hold on Tenchi, melting
into him when his hand traced down the curve of her spine to rest on the 
small
of her back.  She shivered a bit as a house-wind crept through and up the 
back
of her shirt.  In a swift motion, -- surprisingly swift, -- Tenchi and 
Mihoshi
were lying down.
     Dusk was carried away as night quickly settled, a bright moon shining
down upon them through the skylight.  The soft room light countered the moon
beams, creating a gentle ambience for the night's embrace.
     She frowned a bit as his hands left her back to hold him upright, but 
it
only prompted him to lightly nip her pouting lip.  She sighed, letting her 
mouth
drop open to welcome Tenchi's more daring and seeking kisses.  Gingerly, he
balanced his weight on his knees as he straddled her mid section and moved 
his
hands to her sides where his hands met her warming skin.  She cooed softly 
as
he pulled back, sitting up with a blaring blush on his face.
     "Mihoshi, I. . ." he swallowed, finding it hard to suppress more
awakened urges.  "I wont do anything unless you want me to."
     Mihoshi smiled warmly, laughing a bit at his stumbling kindness.  "I
don't think I would have kissed you unless I wanted this. . . I want it, 
Tenchi. . .
Please."
     He nodded, returned the smile as a minor flood of innocence returned
to the previously lust-fueled embrace.  Tenchi kissed her once more before
pushing his hands up and under her light, pink top, quickly pulling it up 
over
her head.  He slid down a bit, kissing along Mihoshi's neck, praising every
single thing he'd read in his father's library.  Shifting to the side a bit 
as his legs
tangled with Mihoshi's, he snaked his hand up over Mihoshi's stomach which
earned a small laugh, before it came to rest of her generous breast.  
Compelled
by every instinct he had, he squeezed lightly, the laughter drowning into a 
more
throaty attempt to gasp.
     A rumble of a moan came from her throat as she pressed back into the
futon, bringing her hand to lay on his as it gently kneaded her.  "Tenchi. . 
." she
sighed, tightening her legs around his thigh.  He lightly bit at her neck, 
moving
up a ways to tug slightly on her ear.  Arching her back, she pressed his 
hand
down, forcing him to squeeze tightly.
     Mihoshi squeaked in delight, bring her other hand down to cup herself.
She laughed a bit in a hallucinative trance as she felt the press of Tenchi 
into
her stomach.  Moving her hand from between her legs, she kindly went to his,
undoing the tie on his pants.
     Tenchi let go of her ear and left the hand Mihoshi had on her breast to
its own devices as he moved his down to slip under the waist of her pants.  
She
made a small panting sound as he kissed down her collar bone before meeting
with the ministrations of her hand.  She was wonderfully shocked when his 
lips
met with her finger tip, enclosing his mouth around her index finger.  
Mihoshi
sighed heavily, squirming as bit as he undid her pants and made his way 
under
the hem of her underwear.  She felt every single movement as his digits slid
over the tuft and laid to rest below.
     A long moan, a sultry moan, can from Mihoshi as a few brave fingers
made their way through to a slicker, hotter environment.  With a ragged
movement, Mihoshi finally undid the tie on Tenchi's pants causing them to
hang loose, bar in a few regions, of course.  With a bit of a struggle, as 
scents
battered her nose and as sensations shock-waved over her body, she pushed
them down to free the thing Tenchi was probably most proud of.
     It laxed a bit, resting on Mihoshi's hip as Tenchi worked his fingers
intricately within Mihoshi as his tongue moved over the salty surface of her
breasts.  A bit ago, Mihoshi nearly snapped her bra's clip in two after he 
finish
sucking on her fingers.  The said garment lay flung on the floor as his and 
her
pants joined them.
     "Eii. . .Tenchi. . ." she cried a whimper as a vigorous rush came to 
his
fingers.  If Washu thought she had magic fingers, she'd never seen Tenchi at
work.  Mihoshi lay lucid on the futon, panting and whining as his mouth
worked over her breasts, finding nipples and suckling heavily.  She made the
occasionally move to try and return the favor, but the angle was too 
difficult
and Tenchi was just making her feel too damn good.
     "Tenchi!" she shouted sharply as she attempted to tighten her legs
around his hand.  Unknown to Tenchi, the side of his index finger had been
rubbing heavily on her clitoris; and in a wrench, Mihoshi arched her chest 
into
Tenchi's face, flailed her legs to either side and poured half her life 
force out
into the world with a heavenly yelp.
     In a bit of a splat, Mihoshi's final undergarment joined the rest of 
her
clothing on the floor.
     Lazily, she smiled up to Tenchi as he sat up once more.  Wordlessly,
though tiredly, she traced lines on his chest before freeing him of his 
shirt.  A
flush still stained his face as he looked down at her, although with an 
equally
affectionate smile as she gave him.
     He hesitated before shifting over, squaring himself over her as per her
quiet request.  There was a small exchange of 'are you ready's and bit of a
nervous laugh before an explosion of lights were at their eyes.  The death 
of a
star paled to that of a spark in comparison to the canvas of colors and 
flashes
they shared.
     Tenchi was in.  In the back of his mind, he was a little disappointed 
to
find that she was not a virgin, but that was her business, and it didn't 
really
affect the fact that he had her now.  At least he had her.  Drunkly, Mihoshi
looked up to him, grinning at the pleasured shock on his face.  She closed 
her
eyes as he shakily swept a lock of hair out of her eyes, catching a small 
bead of
sweat with his finger as it rolled off her forehead.  He moved his hands 
back to
either side of her, precariously balanced no matter how well he placed his
hands.
     He held his breath before pulling back and then pushing forward,
gasping as the motion picked up.  Mihoshi arched her knees over the edges of
the futon, gripping the bed.  She clutched at the sheets weakly, already a 
little
spent from her prior adventure.
     "Mihoshi . . . "he mumbled, the rest of his sentence drowned in a more
primal grunt as his hands slipped and he dropped to his elbows.  He kissed 
her,
rubbing his tongue along her teeth.  Mihoshi limply brought her hands up to 
his
face, keeping him still as she hungrily kissed him back. Bucking her hips, 
she
settled into a gyrating motion as blasts of musk circled around the room.  
The
scents intoxicated them both, driving them faster along the slick-run road.
     Then it was over.  Tenchi jerked forward, sweeping his hands through
her hair as he drowned in an unfocused flash and cut loose a flood into
Mihoshi.  Mihoshi fell away from her approaching climax as Tenchi dropped
next to her completely spent.  He opened an eye too look at her, a bit of an
apologetic look on his face.
     "It's okay, Tenchi. . ." she snuggled next to him, not attempting to 
undo
any tangles that remained in their limbs.  "There'll be a next time. . ."
     Tenchi laughed a bit, bringing a sheet up around them.  "I guess you're
right."
     "What do. . .you think we can do before the others get back?"

     From above, Ryou-ohki's nose stopped bleeding long enough for her to
settle back on the rafter as the clouds blotted out the moon above.  The 
light
clicked off and the heat began to drop.  "Miya. . ."

--

     Mr. Snively waved to the group as the exited the motel, the entire
vacation cut short after Nobuyuki lost the tickets in the pool and after 
Washu
had a nervous breakdown.
     Sasami ran ahead to the car as Ryouko walked through the revolving
doors, a smile on her face.  Ayeka soon followed, a red shrouded frown on
her's.  She fell into step beside Ryouko, nudging her.  "You didn't have to 
be so
rough. . ."
     "That's how I like it, princess." Ryouko patted her shoulder, 
chuckling.
"And don't you dare tell me it didn't get YOU going."
     Ayeka was silent, doing nothing to hide her blush.  She jerked when
Ryouko froze, eyes widening to that of dinner plates.  "Tenchi. . .?" Ayeka
looked back, crossing her arms.
     "What?  What about Tenchi?"
     Ryouko swayed as though struck with a ten ton brick.  "Looks like we're
in cahoots, princess. . ." Before she could question, Ryouko grabbed her 
head,
kissing her roughly.  Ayeka froze, but leaned into it.  Vacations were good 
on
the nerves, at least.

     Washu turned back when he heard Nobuyuki's stuttering and shrugged.
"Great, so I've raised a lesbian, too."

     In the car, Katsuhito sighed as he leaned against the window.  "Sasami,
please don't bounce."



-Reflections and stuff:

     Yes, dammit, I know: I cut up on America like I wasn't born here.  I
hate this place!
     Now that's exactly as I had planned it.  It was a fun ride indeed, and 
the
Ayeka/Ryouko thing was just something that snaked it's way in there.  I had 
to
take care of them SOMEHOW.  Oh well,  I gotta go watch the Simpsons.
(And I need to go edit the story.)  Later, folkies.

e-mail: mike_256bit@hotmail.com
icq: 24584198
aim: Mike256bit
