WARNING: LEMON AHEAD.  IF YOU ARE TOO YOUNG FOR THIS STUFF GO BACK!

Authors notes:  I strongly recommend reading chapters 1 - 11 of "Every Journey begins
with a single step" before you begin this one.  This is a side story of my first fan fic,
which is still a work in progress.  This scene would change the rating of the main story,
so I kept it seperate.  Please leave reviews.  They give me incentive to write faster.







Journey's Wayside

Ryoko landed about fifty feet away from Tenchi, and simply looked at him for a
while. Seeing him standing there, lit up by the blue light, gave her that
funny new warm feeling again in the pit of her stomach. She saw the serious
look on his face of what.....? Anticipation? She closed her eyes, and listened.
She focused her hearing and could make out the beating of his heart. It was
beating about as quickly as hers. She savored the moment, then opened her eyes
and began walking towards him.

"Tenchi?"

He heard her call his name, and he instantly extinguished his sword.

Tenchi could barely make out her outline in the dark, but there was no mistaking
it. His eyes slowly adjusted, but Ryoko's amazing vision had already adapted.
She could see him squinting out into the night towards her. "Ryoko?"
She was there before him, just out of arms reach. For once in her life, Ryoko
was a little nervous. This was it, what she had been waiting for, so why did
she hesitate? Tenchi felt the same way, that mixed feeling of nervousness and
excitement. They stood there in the dark facing each other, for an eternally
long moment. Then they moved together as one, closing the distance and wrapping
their arms around each other, not saying a word. They stood there, simply hugging
each other, rocking back and forth, caressing each others backs, for quite some
time.

The kiss at the airport flashed through Ryoko's mind.  She pulled back slightly
so she was face to face with Tenchi.  In the darkness, he could almost see her
eyes twinkling in the moonlight.  She was smiling at him in a way that seemed to
invite his next action.  Hesitantly at first, he moved in for a kiss.  She met
him halfway.  Their lips touched, parting slightly.  It started off slowly, then
Ryoko began to press her lips against his with more urgency. She was experiencing
all kinds of new feelings, then Tenchi broke off the kiss, and she moaned in
disappointment. "Let's get inside, or we'll be out here all night."

"I don't care Tenchi, as long as you're here......."

"C'mon. I can't even see you out here."

He took her by the hand, and led her to the house. Once inside in the light, he turned
her to face him, and took both of her hands in his. He looked deeply into her eyes, the
look on his face mirrored the seriousness of his next statement, "I love you." Ryoko
could have melted right then and there. She leaned into him, holding on for support.
She kissed him on the neck, and started working her way up his neck to his cheek, then
his lips. Before the kiss could deepen too much, Tenchi broke it off again to another
moan of protest. "Out of the hallway."

They were in the elevator then. Ryoko pounced, slamming Tenchi up against the wall. She
had both arms around his neck while holding his head in her hands, pulling him into a deep
kiss. She pressed her lower body against his, instinctively, urgently. The warm feeling
in the pit of her belly was becoming a raging fire. The elevator door opened and he broke
off again, to the loudest protest yet. Sweeping her off her feet, and ignoring the pain
in his shoulder, he carried her down the hallway. She had her arms around his neck showering
kisses on him all the way to his room. He set her down by the door, and pushed her away
long enough to open it and shuffle inside.  Slamming the door with a back kick, he turned to
her and finally cast aside the last remains of his inhibitions.  

He had wanted her for so long.  It had been sheer torture for him to turn her down all the
times in the past.  Saying no to someone you want so badly is not the easiest thing in the
world to do.  Even before he loved her, the temptation to take her up on her numerous offers
had been strong.  He knew then that if he ever gave in, there would be no turning back.  His
reasons were numerous and ever changing.  At first, he had been afraid of her.  The incident
at his school was a memory that he would almost cling to at times to suppress his desire.
His inner battle was so intense at times it caused his nose to bleed.  Later on, his fear of
her was replaced by the beautiful space princess.  Aeka had grabbed a hold of his heart early
on, but there were times when her displays of anger made him almost as afraid as Ryoko had.
In time, his heart had decided, and the remaining inhibition was ultimately his reluctantance
to hurt Aeka, so subconsiously, he had suppressed his love for Ryoko.

Between his long suppressed desire, and Ryoko's 5000 years of sexual frustration, it was going
to be an interesting night.  Ryoko was not a virgin technically.  There had been a couple times
during her life under Kagato's control, when wandering among the stars.  She had experimented
with sex, having heard about it during her travels.  It gave her no pleasure, and she quickly
lost interest.  Kagato had made sure she would have no distractions from her missions.  Now
thanks to her mother, all the damage was undone.  The only pleasure she had in life up until
a day ago had been hot baths, alcohol, the feeling of fullness after eating, and emotion.  She
had tried to seduce Tenchi in the past not for her own pleasure, but because she loved him, and
instinctively she knew that he wanted her.  She simply wanted to please him.

Tenchi grabbed her and began kissing her as he leaned her back against the door.  The kiss
deepened, and Ryoko decided to go for it.  Grabbing the back of Tenchi's head, she slowly
and carefully began to work her tongue into Tenchi's mouth.  Suprised at this, Tenchi tried
to reciprocate, and found the feeling enjoyable.  During the kiss, Ryoko released his head
and reached behind Tenchi's back.  She untucked his shirt and ran her hands up his bare
back, enjoying the feel of his skin, and the muscles beneath.  Tenchi had one hand in her
hair, marveling at it's softness, and the other slowly tracing it's way down her back.  He
stopped his donward movement at the small of her back, his shyness manifesting itself again,
and he ran his hand from there down the outside of her thigh.  Ryoko then locked her fingers
together, and pulled his lower body tightly to hers.  She broke the kiss this time, and began
to kiss his neck, slowly working her way up to his ear.  Between her 'video research' and
the little mother/daughter love advice chat, she had quite a deadly arsenal of techniques to
try.  Slowly, and gently, she took Tenchi's lower earlobe between her teeth, and breathed
slowly outward.  This brought a gasp from Tenchi, as he was pleasantly shocked by this new
sensation.  Ryoko continued, gently nibbling on his ear, then began to slowly and gingerly
lick around in little cirlces in his ear.  Tenchi was really enjoying this sensation, and
began to lean into it.  He brought both of his hands to her lower back, and overcame a bit
of his shyness and slowly brought one hand down to caress her rear.  Ryoko responded by
pressing her thighs more insistently up against his.

Inexperienced as he was, Tenchi reverted to his martial arts training by mimicing the
techniques that were being demonstrated.  He brushed her hair out of the way with his
other hand and began to kiss her on the neck as well.  It was Ryoko's turn to gasp now.
The fire in her belly flared up even hotter as he tried his own luck nibbling her ear
after taking the same path up her neck.  She couldn't take it anymore.  Grabbing him
behind the back more tightly, she teleported the both of them over to the bed.  Tenchi
was so intent on learning this new skill he didn't even notice until Ryoko violently
pulled his shirt off over his head and pushed him down.  She fell on top of him onto
the bed and began kissing him again, using the good old french technique.  Then she
began kissing down his neck, and then his chest.  She made her way slowly and lovingly
from his chest down to his belly, and even toyed with his navel a bit before again
violently yanking his pants off.  She jumped back on top again, and began working on
his other ear.  The changing tempo between slow loving and violence had Tenchi off
balance as he lay there, not sure what he should do next.  Ryoko paused and whispered
breathily in his ear, "Do I have to do all the work here my Tenchi?"

Needing to hear no more, Tenchi grabbed the bottom of her shirt and pulled it off
her.  All shyness finally cast aside, he rolled over on top of her and began to
kiss her for all he was worth.  While resting on his elbows, he tangled her hair
in his hands.  He then slowly began working his kisses on the way down her neck,
then between her breasts.  Freeing a hand from her hair, he slowing began caressing
along the outside of one, enjoying the feel of the soft skin on the firm mound.
Ryoko moaned with delight as he began kissing towards the center of her breast.  She
grabbed his head in both hands and urgently moved him until his kisses centered on
her nipple.  Tenchi felt her shudder in response and Ryoko felt powerful surges of
pleasure the likes of which she could never have imagined before this night passed
through her body.  The new sensations were overwhelming, but it still wasn't enough.
She wanted more.  Tenchi had liked the way it felt when she had kissed down to his
belly, and did the same to her.  When he reached her navel and reciprocated the
earlier treatment, her nervous system went into overload.  Gasping in delight, she
grasped the headboard of the bed, shaking her head from side to side.  Feeling a
little adventurous, he moved down to her legs and began kissing down her thighs.
Ryoko couldn't take it anymore.  She sat up and grabbed Tenchi by the shoulders,
pulling him up on top of her.  She forced his boxers down as far as she could
reach, and pushed them the rest of the way off with her foot.  Phasing out of her
remaining clothes, and wrapping her legs around him, she said, "Now Tenchi, I
need you now!"  Tenchi could feel the burning heat from between her thighs against
his erection.  Ryoko pushed against him insistently, the reached down with her
hand to give some guidance.  They both gasped when he entered her, and he lay still
for a moment, savoring the warmth and the pleasure.  Ryoko locked eyes with him,
and began rolling her hips in a circular motion.  Tenchi began pushing back in
rhythm, and what Ryoko was feeling brought the word indescribable to mind.  Had
she known it would have felt this good, she would have gotten that shot from Washuu
earlier and hunted Tenchi down.  She closed her eyes in ecstasy as Waves of pleasure
began passing through her, building towards climax.  Then Tenchi paused.  She
opened her eyes and looked at him questioningly (he holds back, even now?) "Tenchi?"
she asked breathily, urgently.  He had a mixed look of pleasure and concern on his
face.  Then he resumed thrusting into her again, more slowly this time.  Ryoko felt
the waves building again and began pressing back....and he paused again.  "Tenchi?"
"Ryoko, I'm sorry.  I want to please you, but you feel so good, and I can't hold
back much longer......"  Then she understood.  Washuu had told her this might happen,
how inexperienced men don't last long their first time usually.  The fact he was
trying so hard made her feel giddy.  Grinning widely, she whispered, "You want to
please me?"  He nodded.  "Tell me how you feel about me."

"I love you."

"Say my name." She said quietly, as she reached both hands behind his back, lacing
her fingers together.

"I love you Ryoko."

She pulled him towards her then, while grinding upwards, rolling her hips.  Tenchi
gasped, and she felt his body begin to tense.

"Say it again!"

"I love you......RYOKO!" Tenchi gasped out as he came inside her.  Ryoko smiled as
she felt the sudden warmth flowing inside from him.  Then he collapsed on top, and she
began showering kisses along his neck, shoulder, and the side of his face and head.

"I love you Ryoko."  He whispered in her ear.  He never imagined it could feel this
good.  Rolling over on his side he faced her, and leaned his head on one hand and
began lovingly stroking her hair with the other.

Ryoko was happy that she had finally pleased him, but her body still craved its own
release.  She reached over and playfully pushed him over so he lay on his back, and
jumped on top.  Straddling him, she looked deeply into his eyes before leaning over
and giving him a long kiss. Tenchi wrapped his arms around her, while she lay her
hands along each side of his head.  She began kissing along his neck again up towards
his ear.  Tenchi felt his body responding as she blew the first light teasing breath
across his ear, and began softly biting.  (Damn, I really like that) Tenchi thought,
as Ryoko began grinding up against him again.  She felt that he was ready again and
guided him inside her once more.  Ryoko took total control now.  She pinned his
shoulders down with her hands as she rode him wildly.  Tenchi began caressing her
thighs, loving the feel of the smooth, soft skin and the muscles working beneath.
Ryoko was feeling euphoric as the waves began building again.  She let go of his
shoulders as he began thrusting up to meet her.  Ryoko arched her back and put her
hands behind her on the bed, resting her weight on them.  Ryoko then felt as though
a dam inside her burst, and the pleasure that shot through her body was just too
much to contain.  Ryoko bucked against Tenchi and he could feel her shudders of
pleasure as she had her first orgasm, while crying out his name over and over. It was
her turn to slump over on top of him now.  She pressed her face into his neck, still
breathing heavily from the amazing feeling she had just experienced.  She lay there
like that for quite some time before she realized he was still hard inside her. "Oh
my, I still have some unfinished business down there!" She whispered huskily in his
ear.  Tenchi shrugged his shoulders and said, "That's okay, I could lie here like
this all night."  Ryoko sat up quickly and rewarded him with a beautiful smile.
Then came a devilish smirk, "Oh, but I won't let you, my Tenchi!"  She then grabbed
him by the arms and levitated into the air, rotating, and settling back down with
Tenchi on top.  Ryoko then grabbed his rear in both hands and began rolling her hips
into him again.  Tenchi began picking up speed, holding himself over her with his
weight on his arms.  He had more control now that he had his first release, and was
not going to stop until he had pleased her again.  He didn't have to wait long, as
he felt her tense up and she began calling his name out again.  Releasing control,
he pumped into her wildly as she screamed his name once more.  Moments after her
second climax, he soon followed, crying out his love for her.

They laid there afterward for several minutes kissing and caressing each other.
Tenchi rolled off her onto his back and Ryoko got on her side, resting her head
on his chest.  "Please Tenchi, tell me this isn't a dream."  She whispered.

"Oh, but it is my Ryoko."

She looked up at him with a sad pout on her face, "Tenchi?"

He smiled down at her, "It is a dream, finally come true."

She closed her eyes and sighed, kissing him on the chest. "I don't ever want this to
end.  I never knew I could be so happy."

Tenchi wrapped his arms around her, hugging her tightly.  "It doesn't have to end."

Ryoko looked up at him, and wiggled along until they were face to face. "Alright!"
She began kissing him again, moving her body up against his with an intent that
was obvious.  (She's insatiable!  Where does she get the energy?  I'm exhausted...
but I don't want to tell her no......)  His thoughts slowly changed though as his
body began to respond to hers once more.

They made love several more times after that, before Tenchi passed out.  Before
sleep took him finally that night, the last thing he heard was, "Get your rest
my Tenchi, so you can be ready when we pick up where we left off."


*******************************************************************************


So how did that one turn out?  Good, bad, or ugly?  Please grace me with constructive
criticism if you see room for improvement.  Reviews!  Reviews!  Reviews!
That way I'll know if I should ever bother writing this type of story again.




