Journey of Eternity Chapter 2 "OF SHIPS AND SHEETS"

Ryo-ohki is traveling in ship form across the sky.  Inside you see Ryoko driving, Washu
is staring at a vast map of space looking for a section.  Ayeka and Sasami are pacing
and Ayeka comes to the map.
 
Ayeka: Washu, where is Tarades, I'm worried about Tenchi.
 
Washu: No need to worry Ayeka, we're on a direct course there and it should only
take us two days and one more night, not including this one.
 
Ryoko: Besides, I think Tenchi will be fine, he is strong, and Hecate may not find
appeal in his attractive...figure...
 
The girls all look at Ryoko with hate in their eyes then they all turn to the sky and
think of poor Tenchi
 
All Girls: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
 
*~*~*~*~*Meanwhile in Tarades*~*~*~*~*
 
Tenchi has been ordered to be taken by Dianea to Hecate's bedroom.  Though he
struggles there is no use in Tenchi escaping for he is bound by magic.
 
Dianea: I was sorta' hoping that Hecate wouldn't want you, you are kinda cute.  I
wish you could meet me in my chambers but around here Hecate's word is the law.
 
Tenchi: Please help me to escape.
 
Dianea: And be good...well...no!
 
They reach Hecate's bed chambers.  Dianea throws Tenchi onto the bed and closes
the door, she locks them with a specieal shield.
 
Tenchi stares around at the room, the walls are black and white marble and there is a
white carpet.  The bed is black and very large and soft.  He sits on it and begins to
relax.  Just then he sees a head poke out from the next room, it is Hecate.  She walks
out wearing a losse fitting black robe that is tied and the waist.
 
Hecate: Hello my darling prince, what is your name?
 
Tenchi: I...am...Tenchi Masaki and you'll not have me.
 
Hecate: Oh really, now silly boy take off ytour clothes and let me pleasure you.
 
Tenchi: NO!
 
Hecate: Well then, I'll go first.
 
Hecate removes the robe, she is completely naked except for two black roses covering
her nipples.  Tenchi stares and shakes his head.
 
Tenchi: I will not undress I refuse.
 
Hecate: Well then, I'll undress you.
 
Hecate waves her hand and Tenchi's clothes disapeer, leaving him naked on the bed. 
Tenchi looks down and embaressed covers his penis, his face turning red.  Hecate
stands up and looks down at him.
 
Hecate: Ooh a big boy, nowlets start.  (She stares at Tenchi who still covers himself)
We'll never get anywhere like this, so I'll just have to tie your hands.
 
She waves her hand and two red lazers come and tie Tenchi's hands to the bed
posts.  Tenchi wriggles around but to no avail he is naked, lying on Hecate's bed.
 
Hecate: That's better, now do you prefer the top or bottom
 
Tenchi: Stop, let me go!
 
Hecate: Fine then, I'll choose.
 
Hacate rolls ontop of Tenchi and they begin making love.  Hecate's soft, pale breasts
carress Tenchi's chest and his upright penis makes it way into her.  Hecate screams of
pleasure shouting.  Tenchi is angry and makes the experience very uncomfortabele for
Hecate.
 
Hecate: Ooh, for your insolence you will pay, with the shadow kiss.
 
Hecate takes out a black wand and places it between her teeth, she then touches it
to tenchi's teeth and it emits a jolt of pain surging through his body.  Tenchi screams
and Hecate stops.  She then feels his face and her hand moves slowly down his chest
to his penis which she strokes accordingly.  She then kisses him on the forehead and
stands up.  She puts on the robe and walks to the door.
 
Hecate: Until the next night my love.
 
Hecate leaves and the lazers disapeer and Tenchi is free.  His clothes are gone but he
finds a forest green robe that says "dinner is in the dining room".  Tenchi puts on the
robe and starts down the stairs to the diningroom.
 
 
 
 
Well that was chapter number 2, I hpe that you liked it.  I would like to hear your
comments so please, please, please email me back at americocat@msn.com.  Chapter
3 is coming soon so keep reading.  Bye for now ;)