Note: All Characters, except one ( Mike Kyoto I own him ), belong to the 
creator and companies of Tenchi Muyo, Universe, and Tenchi in Tokyo. I 
would also like to add that I am not making any money off of these 
stories. I have no money, please, please don't sue me. 

Warning: This story will contain some foul language.

***********************************************************************

A Jump through Time and Space: Chapter 2 - The Next Day
by Bartzero

***********************************************************************

First to wake up was Sasami. She went to doing her morning routine of 
taking a bath getting dressed and brushing her hair. Afterward she went 
to the kitchen to work on breakfast.

(Tenchi's Room)
Tenchi had just got up after shutting off his alarm. He walked over to 
his window and peered out. It was looking like it would be another 
beautiful day. Clear skies, warm weather, and the sun peaking over the 
mountains. To him it looked like a painting of true artistic nature. 
Finally he decided that it was time to go take a bath and head 
downstairs for breakfast. Tenchi walked over to his closet and put on 
some pants, then headed for his door to leave. He was glad that he 
started waking up at 5 a.m., because it was just too early for Ryoko, 
and that helped to make this part of the day easier.

After his bath, Tenchi headed downstairs for some breakfast before he 
went to do his daily chores. "Good morning Sasami." 

"Good morning Tenchi." said Sasami with her usual cheerfulness.

Tenchi went to the fridge to get a drink and fixed some orange juice. 
Thats when his stomach growled.

"Is breakfast ready?"

"I have your breakfast ready for you Tenchi. I won't be starting on the 
rest for a little while."

"Thanks Sasami. It looks delicious." Sasami went back to the kitchen to 
get a cup of green tea. Tenchi looked at the breakfast that lay before 
him and devoured it in a matter of minutes. Tenchi had some time still 
before he needed to head to the fields. So he stayed at the table and 
talked with Sasami. After about half an hour, Tenchi was ready to get 
his day started.

"Well, Sasami I'm on my way to the fields and when Mike wakes up can you 
tell him that I need to talk to him?"

"Sure Tenchi."

(The Living Room)
It was about 6:45 a.m. and Ryoko was starting to wake up. She stretched 
before she left to go get breakfast. Ryoko teleported to the ground and 
walked toward the kitchen slugishly still being half asleep. When Ryoko 
entered the kitchen Sasami gave her usual greeting.

"Good morning Ryoko, you're up earily."

"Good morning." mumbled Ryoko.

"Breakfast will be ready soon. Can you go wake up Mike for Breakfast?" 
said Sasami

"Sure. Just let me get some coffee." Ryoko poured her a cup of coffee 
and left it black (she usually adds creamer and lots of sugar). She 
downed the coffee like it was a softdrink and headed for the kitchen 
door to leave and get Mike up. As she got to the doorway she saw Ayeka 
coming down the stairs.

"Looks like the lazy Princess finally decided to get up," joked Ryoko.

But all that Ayeka did was walk on by like she didn't even hear Ryoko's 
comment. This shocked Ryoko some, but she shrugged it off and headed for 
Mike's room.

(Mike's Room)
Dawn had already broke and Mike was still asleep in his bed. Mike was 
all sprawled out, and his blanket was crumpled up at the end of his bed. 
It was getting close to 7 a.m. and he was nearing the end of his dream.

"Ryoko."

His word being barely above a whisper. At this point he didn't know that 
Ryoko was coming to wake him for Breakfast. Ryoko had arrived at his 
door, and phased through so she could wake him. To her surprise, Mike 
was in nothing but his boxers and a sleeveless shirt. But she went ahead 
and walked toward Mike to wake him.

"Oh Ryoko." whispered Mike once again. This made Ryoko jump when she 
heard Mike say her name. *He's dreaming about me* *I'll wait to wake him 
to see what else he says* So Ryoko found a chair and sat down to hear 
what else he is going to say. *I wonder what kind of dream he is having 
about me* Ryoko didn't have to wait long for Mike to say something else.

"So beautiful......." These words floated through the air as if carried 
by a breeze.

*He thinks I'm beautiful. Well of course I am. Who could resist a woman 
like me?* *I hate to end his little happy dream but Sasami asked me to 
wake him up.* So Ryoko teleported over to him, put a hand on his 
shoulder and started shaking him.

"Mike time to get up. It's time for Breakfast." said Ryoko.

"Mmmmm..........5 more minutes Mom." mumbled Mike.

*Looks like he is going to be stuborn. I know how to wake up stuborn 
people.* Ryoko teleported to the kitchen to get some ice cubes. Just as 
Ryoko was getting into the freezer, Sasami walked in.

"Ryoko I already told you that Breakfast was ready, and did you wake 
Mike like I told you?"

"No I tried to get Mike up and he is being stuborn, that is why I am in 
the freezer. I'm getting some ice cubes."

"Hey thats not a nice way to get someone up Ryoko!" But it was too late 
by the time Sasami got halfway through her sentence, Ryoko had already 
left. Ryoko teleported back into Mike's room and started walking toward 
him. Once again she tried to wake Mike, but she still had no success. 
*Alright you asked for it. I know this will do the trick* Ryoko took the 
ice that she had got and put some down his shirt. Mike shot up in his 
bed lightning bolt fast.

"It's about damn time I got you up."

"What the hell was that for Ryoko!?" asked Mike.

"Sasami asked me to wake you for Breakfast. I tried waking you up but 
you were being a pain about it, so I went and grabbed some ice to help 
get you up."

"Well, ok. Thanks for waking me for Breakfast. Oh, next time you try to 
wake me, please don't use ice." Ryoko chuckled little.

"Alright, I won't use ice next time. Maybe I will use some other way to 
wake you." With that said Mike got a worried look on his face, not 
knowing what she will try next.

"Oh, by the way Mike I have a question for you."

"Fire away." 

"When I first came in here while you were sleeping I heard you say my 
name. What was you dreaming about?"

"I......uh.....um.....heh. Well, like I told everyone before, all of you 
were in a show that I used to watch back in my dimension." Mike sat 
there for a second with a big sheepish look on his face. *I can't 
believe I am about to say this* "On that show you were my favorite 
character, so beautiful, so powerful, so, so sexy. But seeing you now 
here in front of me and not on some television, you look even more 
beautiful. Every day I would sit and wish to have the powers that you 
do, you know, just to have, and experience them. That would truely be a 
wish come true."

Ryoko was over taken by what Mike said and was blushing. Her eyes began 
to water and a lone tear was begining it's journey down Ryoko's cheek. 
Mike noticed this and walked up to Ryoko.

"Are you alright."

"I'm just fine. It's just that no one has ever told me that I look 
beautiful, or sexy, powerful I have heard before, many times. Tenchi 
hasn't even told me that I look beautiful." 

Mike brushed away the lone tear away and opened his arms to give Ryoko a 
hug and she accepted. They stayed that way for a couple of minutes.

"Well, it's time for me to get dressed. I will see you at the table." 
With that said Ryoko left for the kitchen and Mike went to his dresser. 
He picked out his Hawiian T-shirt and a pair of baggy shorts. Once he 
was dressed, Mike headed down for Breakfast. Upon entering the kitchen 
he was greeted by a warm welcome.

"Good morning, Mike." greeted Sasami and Ayeka.

"Good morning Princess Ayeka and Sasami." replied Mike.

"Here is your breakfast Mike." said Sasami.

Breakfast was pretty quite starting off. But as everyone knows Ayeka 
always has to stick her nose into everything, and notices that Ryoko is 
still blushing from the conversation she had with Mike.

"What are you blushing about Ryoko?" pointed out Ayeka.

"Huh....what?" Ryoko was caught by suprise by the question.

"I said what are you blushing about Ryoko?"

"Oh.......nothing really."

"Nothing! I highly doubt it's nothing or else you wouldn't be blushing. 
You're probably thinking about a way to seduce Lord Tenchi. HEY ARE YOU 
EVEN LISTINING TO ME!!!"

It was if Ayeka's words went in one ear and out the other, because the 
whole time she was staring at Mike. She didn't even notice what Ayeka 
had said. He had noticed this and kept on eating. Finally finishing his 
breakfast, he took his plate and put it in the sink. While Mike was 
washing off his plate Sasami came into the room.

"I almost forgot, but Tenchi asked me to tell you to meet him in the 
field. He said that he needed to talk with you." exclaimed Sasami.

"Well that makes two of us. I was wanting to talk with Tenchi after 
breakfast anyway." said Mike.

"Mike can you take this lemonade to Tenchi for me?" asked Sasami.

"Sure no problem." And with that Mike took the tray with the lemonade 
and left for the field. His walk was a refreshing one. The morning 
mountain air was so crisp and fresh compaired to the air where he came 
from. *I think I'm going to like it here. It's so beautiful, and 
peaceful not counting the fights that Ryoko and Ayeka have over Tenchi*
Mike laughed. He enjoyed the scene that the forest laid before him, but 
that was not where he was headed. He was off to the field.

(The Masaki Field)
Mike finally reached the field that Tenchi worked at. He looked around 
for Tenchi and saw him working diligently at harvesting carrots with 
Ryo-oki not too far behind. *I need to call Tenchi over so he can get a 
drink and so I can also talk to him*

"Hey Tenchi!"

Tenchi stopped gathering carrots, put his bag down and looked around to 
see who had called him. He spotted Mike who was waving at him and went 
over to see what he wanted.

"Oh, good morning Mike. I'm glad you came out here like I told Sasami to 
tell you."

"Good morning Tenchi. Yeah Sasami told me, and she also asked me to 
bring you some lemonade. Also I needed to talk with you anyway." said 
Mike.

"Thanks for the lemonade. What do you want to talk to me about Mike?" 
asked Tenchi.

"I came to talk to you to see if there is something you need me to do 
around the house. I don't want it to look like I'm leaching off of you 
in any way. If not I was going to help Washu in her lab. I already 
talked to her about that last night" answered Mike.

"First off, that takes care of what I was going to talk to you about. 
Well I can't really think of anything for you to do today so go ahead 
and go help Washu."

"Alright. Just remember Tenchi if there is anything to be done tell me 
in advance so I can tell Washu that I won't be able to help her that 
day. Ok."

"Ok."

"I'll see you later Tenchi. I'm going to leave the lemonade with you." 
With that all said and done Mike set off for the house with Ryo-oki 
following close behind. Meanwhile back at the house.

(Masaki Residence)
It is about 10:30a.m. and Sasami was relaxing watching some TV with 
Ryoko. There was only one problem, Sasami was watching cartoons and that 
did not appeal to Ryoko's taste, so she decided to go for a walk. Ryoko 
left the house and was headed in the direction that Mike was coming 
from. It wasn't too long before she spotted Mike and disappeared. 

Mike was walking along enjoying everything. He was in such a good mood 
he felt like he could fly. *Today has been so great. I feel light as a 
feather, I wish that I could fly* Before he knew it he felt something 
touching him and then out of nowhere Ryoko appeared with her arms 
wrapped around him.

"Miiiiike."

"Hi, Ryoko. What are you up too?"

"Not much I was going for a walk until I saw you."

"Until you saw me?" he said somewhat confused.

"Yep. Now my plans have changed. How about we go have some fun?"

"I can't. I promised Washu that if Tenchi didn't have anything for me to 
do today that I was going to help her out."

"Forget about Washu and lets go have some fun."

"Sorry Ryoko but I can't, although Tenchi is still out in the field and 
he is not wearing any shirt when I left."

No more said than done, had Ryoko left for the field to find Tenchi.

(Back at the Masaki Residence)
Mike opened the door to only be swept off his feet by the smell of 
fantastic food being cooked. As he walked passed the kitchen he said, 
"The food smells wonderful Sasami, I can't wait for lunch," and headed 
for Washu's lab. When he arrived at the door he pressed the 
buzzer(BZZZZ) and Washu's picture appeared in the window.

"Come on in Mike the door is open." said Washu. The door opened with a 
swoosh. Mike walked in and continued his journey until he came upon 
Washu on her floating pillow.

"Hi little Washu." said Mike

Washu got up off of her floating pillow and changed into her adult form. 
She walked over to Mike, "Now come on Mike you don't have to call me 
little Washu."

"Well, yeah. You're not little NOW." Mike replied. Washu came up and 
wrapped her arms around Mike, leaned in and wispered.

"You came to help me like you said that you would. There is only one 
thing I need you to help me with right now."

"And what would that be Washu?" asked Mike. That had to be the most 
idiotic question to ask. Washu stepped back and snapped her fingers. Out 
of nowhere mechanical arms grabbed Mike and strapped him to a table. 
*Aww....crap. Why the hell did I go and ask that. Now I'm strapped to 
this fucking table in only my boxers* *Hey wait a minute......this could 
turn out to be a good thing* 

"Now Mike all I need to do is run some tests on you and record any and 
all results. Now you just wait right there while I go change."

Leaving Mike to hang on her contraption Washu went to change into her 
favorite outfit for just this situation.

*Wait! Who is she kidding! I've been left here hanging on what looks 
like an operating table* *Wait a minute. OH NO! I know what she is 
changing into and if my memory serves me correctly, I need to get the 
hell out of here NOW*

Mike is despirately trying to break out of the bonds that hold him to 
the table. With no luck of him getting free, Mike awaits Washu's return.

"I really hope someone or something will get me out of this situation."

(Rrriiiinnggg) (Rrriiiinnggg) 

"Who the hell is that!? Who is calling me on the video phone? Just when 
things were going to get good." said a pissed off Washu.

Washu walks back into her barely lit lab and walked over to her Computer 
and answers her video phone. The pictures that appears on the screen is 
a suprising one.

"Well, well, well, greetings Queen Misaki. What brings you to call this 
part of the galaxy?"

"Well, Washu. I'm calling to see if it is alright if I visit for a 
couple of days. Funaho says that she is going to stay here and watch 
after Azusa while I visit. Funaho also sends her greetings." said Misaki

"It will be just fine for you to visit any time. I'm sure Tenchi won't 
mind. Tell Funaho that I said hello before you leave. I also need to 
know around when you will be arriving."

"I should be arriving around 5 p.m. earth time. Oh and Washu can I ask 
you a question?"

"Shoot"

"Who is that behind you on the table?"

"Oh it's just a new guinea pig of mine that I will introduce you to when 
you arrive."

When Washu called Mike a guinea pig his eyes grew big from fear of what 
will happen. *Aww, crap. Now I'm her guinea pig!* *This is going to be 
bad, very bad.* *I've seen what she's done to get Tenchi in here after 
she called him that.* *Hey! I know what to do, I have a great idea.*

"Well, Washu I'll let you go so I can get ready to leave and so you can 
get back to your 'Guinea Pig'." said Misaki.

"Ok, see you later Misaki." And with that Washu closed the video phone 
down and headed back to Mike to deliver the news.

"Mike it would seem that you are going to meet one of the Most important 
people in all of the galaxy. The first Queen of Jurai, Misaki Jurai. Now 
on with the tests."

"Umm.....Washu. It should be getting close to lunch and I would like to 
eat."

"We have plenty of time before lunch."

(Bzzzz)

"NOW WHAT!" "Who the hell is it now."

Outside of Washu's door awaits Sasami who has come looking for Mike. 
Washu's face appears in the little window on the door.

"Oh! Hello Sasami what do you want?"

"Hello Washu. Is Mike in there by any chance it's lunchtime and I have 
came to get him."

"Yeah he is in here," said a disappointed Washu. "I was just getting 
ready to run some tests on Mike, but I guess I can let him go for 
lunch."

"Great Washu. I will have him bring you some lunch when he comes back."

Washu's picture disappears

"Alright Mike, get dressed, and go eat lunch."

This angered Washu some because she has this "thing" about getting 
records on everyone who lives in the Masaki household. Which means she 
would also need a "sample" from Mike. Lunch went over well and everyone 
went back to what they usually do. Tenchi went to train with his 
Grandfather, Ayeka left to watch her romance shows, Ryoko went to the 
roof for a nap, and Sasami cleaned up before going out to play with Ryo-
Oki. As for Mike.....

(The Forest)
"I'm glad I took this walk. I feel great! It's just so peaceful out 
here."

Mike was now walking through the forest next to Tenchi's house. It was a 
truely beautiful sight. There where flowers everywhere. The forest was 
lit up with rays of light tearing through the ceiling of branches and 
tree tops. Mike wondered along an old worn out path that had been 
followed by many others. He knew where this path would end at....the 
lake.

"I can't wait to get to the lake, it's so relaxing. Besides I need to 
stay away from the house for a while. Maybe Washu will forget about that 
sample by the time I get back."

(The Lake)
Indeed the trail that Mike followed did lead him to the lake. Taking in 
the view of the lake. The surface of the water was flawless, not a ripple 
in sight. It was as if some god had placed a mirror there instead of a 
lake. Mike walked to the edge of the lake and sat down for a break from 
walking and just relax hoping nothing would happen.

"Damn this is great. I don't think that it could get any better."

As Mike relaxed by the lake a breeze was begining so Mike layed back and 
closed his eyes and listened to the trees sway in the breeze. But the 
breeze didn't last long and thats when Mike noticed how hot out it was. 
Mike had an idea. He looked around to see if anyone was coming.

"Good no one is coming. I think I will take a dip in the lake for a 
while, I need to cool off anyway."

Mike started undressing next to the lake. He had got his shirt off and 
was about to remove is pants when he heard a wistle sound coming from 
somewhere. He pulled his pants back up and looked around. Confirming that 
no one was around he took off his pants and jumped in. 

"Ahhh...." Mike sighed. "I should have done this yesterday."

Unknown to Mike he was being watched. And who was the spectator of the 
event in the lake? Why Ryoko of course! She had noticed Mike when he 
left. Still remembering the things that Mike had told her that very 
morning she followed him. 

"Well..well..well. Now I can't decide who I would rather watch, Tenchi 
working the fields, or Mike swimming in nothing! I know who I'm watching 
today." 

*Hey Ryoko*
*What do you want MOM!*
*I was wondering if you have seen Mike today?*
*Yeah I know where he is at.*
*Great! Where have you seen him?*
*I'm watching him right now swimming in the lake...and he's...oh how 
should I put this...Naked!*
*What! Really? Hold on I'll be right there.*

Mike was not aware of the conversation that had just taken place and just 
floated in the water, relaxed, totally unaware of what was going to 
happen.... Washu knew where he was at! Before Washu left her lab she put 
some of her lab robots to work on her project so she could leave. She was 
in such a hurry to get out of the house that Sasami didn't even notice 
her leave. Now the fun begins.....

Meanwhile, Mike had been swimming laps around the lake to get some 
exercise and enjoy a so far peaceful afternoon. Ryoko had been watching 
Mike the whole time that she sat in the tree. *This is better than 
watching Tenchi work or train.* But she decided on having some fun with 
this situation before her mother arrived. So she let herself be known.

"You know Mike, you would like relaxing in the Onsen better than that 
lake." This made Mike jump and he turned around in the water to see Ryoko 
floating a couple inches off of the waters surface.

"Damn are you trying to give me a heartattack!" Clearly Mike was annoyed 
about her being able to sneak up on him like that. Thats why he admired 
her abilities and Ryoko herself. Mike was so lost in pure beauty that he 
didn't notice that Washu had arrived at the lake and found Mike's shorts.

"Well look at what I found." Mike snapped out of his trance to see Washu 
holding his shorts and wearing an extremely large grin on her face. 
"These appear to be Mike's shorts. Ryoko can you hold on to these for 
me?" asked Washu. "Sure Little Washu." 

"HE HE....Washu...uh, what are you doing here?" Just seeing that grin 
Washu was wearing made him sweat bullets. "Well Mike for your information 
I have came to retreave that 'sample' from you." "Can I at least get my 
shorts back?" asked Mike. He knew that she would never give up until she 
got it. *Heh, Tenchi is so lucky that he has been able to hold out this 
long. But since it's me she's talking about I'm doomed.*

"If you want your shorts back...come and get them." teased Washu. "I 
can't do that I'm naked!" complained Mike. Ryoko was on the verge of 
bursting out in full blown laughter at what Washu demanded. "Fine. If you 
will not give me my shorts back so I can put them on, I will just stay 
here in the lake." Mike was proud of his decision and stayed frim with 
it. "Well I guess I have to activate plan B, Ryoko grab him and teleport 
him to the lab." Ryoko did what her mother told her and Mike was in the 
lab in a matter of seconds. Lucky for Mike that when he arrived in the 
lab that he had a pair of boxers on. There was only one downside to the 
situation.....he was straped to the table again.

"I guess I will have to get used to being on this table if Washu is going 
to keep up the tests." After Ryoko made sure he was secure on the table 
she left to go and bother Tenchi now. With her gone and Washu still not 
in sight Mike just laid there and thought. *I hope that Washu is going to 
get dressed up in her nurses uniform. That damn thing drives me crazy and 
it doesn't help since she was in adult form last time she had me in here 
about that damn "sample".* *Hey! Wait what was that noise?* He listened 
to see if he could figure out what the noise was. *Footsteps?* Yes it was 
definately footsteps that he was hearing and it was confirmed all too 
soon. Through the shadows he could see two emerald eyes shimmering in the 
darkness of the lab. It was all to apparant that it was Washu.

"Well Mike I see that you have already gotten ready for the 'sample' 
extraction." The sight that appeared made Mikes eyes silver dollar sized. 
Washu stood in front of him wearing nothing but a mischevious smile. 
*DAMN! How fucking hot can you get!* Washu had took note that Mikes face 
was turning red and fast, plus he was getting an erection from hell. "I 
take it that you like what you see?" This was more of a statement than a 
question. "Uh...uh...uh..." This is all that Mike could say with what he 
was looking at. He was hypnotised by Washu's body and it didn't help with 
the way she was walking toward him, hips in full swing. Mike swallowed 
hard and beads of sweat were forming on his forhead, but Mike was to deep 
in thought that he didn't notice that Washu had walked up. 

"Well, ready to get started?" asked Washu. This snapped Mike out of his 
temperary leave into reality. "Get started with what?" Again with the same 
stupid question, when will he ever learn. "The 'sample' extraction of 
course. Now how should we go about getting this?" Washu thought for a 
little bit deciding on how to get the 'sample'. "Ok. I'll give you two 
choices:One, I can use one of my machines, or Two, I can help you with some 
hands on experience." Both options made Mike sweat even more for he didn't 
want some machine doing that to him and he wasn't in a position to argue 
with Washu about option two. (BZZZZ) The sound of the doorbell on Washus' 
lab door rang out. *Saved by the buzz* thought Mike. Obviously Washu was 
not happy with this, but answered anyways. "This better be good or someone 
is going to pay!" Washu was pissed to say the least because she was 
interrupted in the middle of something she called "important". 

Outside the lab stood Sasami waiting for Washu to answer. It wasn't long 
before Washu's picture appeared in the window on her door. "Well!Hello 
Sasami what can I help you with?" Thats one thing about Washu, she could 
never get upset with Sasami. "I came to tell you that my Mother is arriving 
and I want her to meet Mike since she has not met him yet." "I wouldn't say 
that Sasami. When Lady Misaki called I was in the middle of testing Mike 
and she saw him over the video phone. But she is still interested in 
meeting Mike. Anyways Mike and I will be out in a second." "Ok." said 
Sasami as she bounced away to await the arrival of her Mother. 

"Damn time flies when your having fun. Of all the things to happen I forgot 
about Lady Misaki arriving this afternoon. I will let you go for now, but I 
will get that 'sample' from you." With the last of that said she had a 
glint in her eye that ment she will be getting that all to soon. As puncual 
as you can get Misaki's ship landed at exactly 5 p.m. on the dot. Mike and 
Washu stepped outside and joined the rest in greeting Misaki from her long 
trip from Jurai. Mike for now was keeping his cool, staying calm and 
collective. He stood there and watched as the ship made a soft landing in 
the lake causing ripples in the water to spread out from the ship. Next 
thing Mike saw was something glowing and starting to take shape of a person 
but there were other things materializing around the form. Once the glowing 
had died down there stood Lady Misaki and what looked like luggage.

"Hello everyone!" said Misaki in her usual ectatic tone. "Our Mother," 
rang out the princesses in unison. "Hello Lady Misaki," said everyone 
else as they bowed except Mike who was confused at why they were bowing. 
*Wait a minute! I remember Washu saying something about Misaki being a 
Queen or something* Once again Mike found himself in thought again 
trying to remember. *Duh, I'm a fucking moron. Even I should have know 
that she is a Queen, she's the Queen of Jurai. I mean I did tell 
everyone that I used to watch them in a show.* Lady Misaki had walked up 
and greeted everyone with one of her bone crushing hugs when she noticed 
that Mike was in deep thought. Ryoko was standing next to Mike and gave 
him a jab in his side with her elbow. This snapped Mike out of thought 
into an embarrasing moment. "Hello there you must be Mike?" said Misaki 
from point blank range. "Yes, my name is Mike Kyoto. Hello Lady Misaki 
nice to meet you." If anyone was to say that Mike looked nervous right 
now it would be an understatment. In his deep thought he remembered the 
last time Lady Misaki visited the Misaki residents along with Funaho. *I 
don't think I could survive being thrown into a wall, let alone one of 
her hugs.*

It was at this time that Washu jumped in and said, "As I told all of you 
that Lady Misaki would be arriving I forgot to include that she will 
also be staying for a week. "WHAT!!!!" This apperentlly shocked 
everyone, except Mike for he was there when Washu talked to Misaki. 
Fastforward to supper time. Misaki had helped Sasami cook dinner after 
insisting on it. She had learned how to cook back on Jurai after her 
first visit and wanted to see what everyone thought about her cooking. 
It wasn't too long before everyone had gathered around the table for 
another Misaki family dinner. Sasami and Misaki walked in carrying 
various foods and receved a group sigh that the aroma of food created in 
the dining room. "Sasami your food is the greatest, but with the 
addition of your Mothers cooking, this is some of the most mouth-
watering food that I have ever seen I can't wait to eat!." exclaimed 
Mike. "Why thank you Mike." Both Sasami and Misaki beamed with 
happiness.

"I have to agree with Mike." said Tenchi. "MMMM HMMM" was the response 
from everyone else. Dinner went on with some small talk here and there 
but was kept simple. As far as Tenchi could remember this is the only 
supper that Ryoko and Ayeka did not fight during. Of course it could be 
because Lady Misaki was there and if Ayeka and Ryoko busted out fighting 
right there it would surely have been stopped by Misaki. When supper was 
over Sasami started cleaning up and Mike helped her wash the dishes. 
Everyone else was in the living room watching a movie about some guy 
wearing a green mask. Soon Mike and Sasami was finished with the dishes, 
and left for the living room. Mike wasn't interested in watching the 
movie that he has already seen too many times. "Sasami if anyone asks 
where I'm at can you tell them that I am going to the Onsen to take a 
bath." "Ok" responded Sasami. 

This was going to be the first time that Mike has had a chance to take a 
bath today and it was going to be his first time useing the Onsen. "I'm 
glad that Washu made the Onsen so I can use it too. I just have to 
remember to put up the sign telling people that I am useing it." Mike 
went to his room to get a towel and a pair of shorts to put on 
afterward. After gathering all of his stuff for the Onsen, Mike left his 
room and headed to go upstairs toward the Onsen. That is until Washu 
decided to come out just when Mike was walking by and bumped into him 
knocking both of them down. "Will you watch where the hell you 
are.....Oh Mike it's you. Where are you going right now?" "Well if you 
MUST know, I am heading for the Onsen." responded Mike. "Alright but 
hurry up I want to use it next" With that said Mike left for the Onsen 
and upon arriving he hug up the sign that said "MEN - OCCUPIED," 
entered, stripped down, and got in the bath. Mike sighed, sat back, and 
relaxed. This was a bath that he could get used to. The water was always 
warm, just the way he likes it. The surrounding area consisting of 
waterfalls, a skylight, some trees, and some flowers. It was quite 
peaceful and serene. This was causing Mike to dose off.

Mike heard the Onsen door slid open and shut. He opened his eyes and 
looked around to see who was here but didn't see anyone. *I don't think 
anyone is here. It might be Tenchi coming to relax in here after his long 
day of work. Don't blame'em. So Mike sat back and shut his eyes again 
ignoring what he heard. But while he was laying back Mike heard footsteps 
that sounded like someone was sneaking up on him so he opened his eyes. 
"WASHU!!! What are you doing in here?! I thought that's what the sign was 
for!" (Adult)Washu walked up to Mike in a seductive way, swaying her hips 
and giving him that look that says "I'm not letting you leave if you try" 
look and it didn't help that she was in only at towel. "What's the matter 
Mike...don't like what you see?" pouted Washu. At this time Mike had his 
hand over his eyes and was beet red. "Well you are very beautiful and I 
now see where your daughter got her looks from...but...uh...I'm not used 
to something like this...it's just not a normal thing for me. Maybe I 
would do something like this if I had a girlfriend, but it would probably 
take some time to get used to it even then." Mike remained still with his 
eyes covered he was lucky that he was wearing a towel so he didn't have 
to cover that up too. For now Mike thought that he was safe....wrong. 
With Washu around nothing was safe. Mike noticed that she was getting in 
the water and started to sweat. It was when she sat next to Mike that he 
damn near jumped out of his skin and moved a few feet away. Washu only 
moved closer and this time she ripped Mikes towel off of him. His hands 
went from his face to his crotch and his eyes bulged out of his head. For 
the second time that day Washu stood before him in the nude. I don't even 
think even Super Man could match the speed that Mike used to leave. He 
left so fast he didn't realize that he was streaking it all the way to 
his room with the occasional wistle here and there. Mike entered his room 
with a slam of his door and went to the closet to get a pair of boxers on 
head for bed.

Meanwhile Washu had finished her bath and headed back to her lab to 
finish some business. "Hey Mom did you see Mike streak it to his room 
from the Onsen?" said Ryoko. "Of course I did. I was the one that caused 
it. He was in there just relaxing and I thought that I would help him 
'relax' some more." Ryoko caught the meaning behind what her Mother had 
said. "Watch it MOM. Leave Mike alone, I kind of like him. He had enough 
balls to tell me that I look beautiful, even Tenchi has not told me 
that." "So, he said that I was beautiful too." "Yeah but did he explain 
why he thinks you are beautiful?" "No. All he said was that sees where 
you got your looks from." Washu struck a pose to prove her point. "Yeah, 
well goodnight Mom." "Goodnight my little Ryoko." "DON'T CALL ME THAT." 
Both headed for bed and the rest of the household was already asleep with 
Misaki sleeping in Ayeka and Sasami's room.

=======================================================================

This is my first fic story ever. Like I said before I don't own anything 
related to Tenchi, that is the property of the creater of the series and 
pioneer. But I do own Mike Kyoto because I made him up.

P.S. Sorry for their not really having any lemony parts yet, but I am 
having a tough time with writers block and I can't decide who I want the 
lemon scenes but one will include Mike Kyoto.
