Discalimer: "You know what it is."

Jurai Invaded
Chapter #2
______________________________________________________________________________

Written by Ultima Trev, who is currently looking for prereaders

Meanwhile in a Cycloid/Xen strip bar on Jurai...

"So this is what my father and 2nd cousin's race do for entertainment." Says the 
Ultimate Being in a quite tone.

For several minutes the Ultimate Being is sitting there observing this 
Xen/Cycloid past time, which seems very odd to him...

The Ultimate Being thinks to himself. * I don't get it. *

Not too much later, a lady by the name of Misaki Jurai comes out to bare all. 
The UB then feels a tingling in his body he has not experienced before...

"What is it about this specimen?" Says the Ultimate Being. "She's making me feel 
so relaxed, I almost feel like I'm in pure ecstasy just by looking at her. I 
have to talk to her, but this form might give her a scare..." The Ultimate Being 
then reverts to his human form.

Author's Note: even in his human form, he's still extremely powerful) In his 
human form he appears to be 6' with brown hair and green eyes. Must get the 
traits from Eve's former self, Melissa.

Now the usual is happening, the Cycloids/Xen are getting aggressive. They're
attempting to rape Misaki, just like everyone else.

Misaki screams out. "Aaaaahhh!"

The Ultimate Being has not experienced fear until now, as he sees that look
in Misaki's eyes. He feels the urge to do justice. "Put her down or I'll be 
forced to fry you all!"

"Who the Hell do you think you are?" Asks a Gargantua.

"I am the Ultimate Being, son of Ninalithe and Eve!"

"This guy's gonna get a get an ass whooping if you ask me." Claims a Battlelord.

The Ultimate Being then powers up in a fashion similar to Tetsuo's...

"This power..." Says a stunned Pig Cop.

"He really is the son of Ninalithe and Eve!" Says a frightened Xen Master.

The Xen and Cycloids let go of Misaki and run away...

The UB: "Hello there ma'am. May I ask of your name?"

Misaki replies. "Misaki, former Empress of Jurai."

"Well Misaki, you're relieved of your duties as a topless dancer." Says the 
Ultimate Being. "You are free to go where ever you wish."

The Ultimate Being the turns around and walks away...

Misaki thinks to herself. * What is it about this young man that's driving me 
insane? Why is he being so nice to me? *

A couple minutes later Misaki is dressed and ready to go. When she exits the
now empty bar, she sees the Ultimate Being sitting against the wall.

* Why is it that father and my uncle are selling woman into slavery? Why
am I feeling these strange emotions, WHAT ARE THESE EMOTIONS?!! *

Misaki interrupts his thought. "Why did you help me?"

"I am not sure." Says the Ultimate Being. "For  some reason I felt a new emotion 
towards you, an emotion that I have not experienced before."

Misaki forms a sweat bead on her head. "Huh?"

"I have no knowledge of emotions except for anger. However, this emotion was... 
It was different." Says the Ultimate Being.

"Didn't you say you're the son of Ninalithe?" Asks Misaki.

The Ultimate Being replies. "Yes."

"I bet if he found out that you rescued me like that, he would be
angry."

"Let him be angry, for I now see the errors in my father's ways. I now see that 
using people for slavery is wrong."

"You're much nicer than the other Xen." Says Misaki.

"I'm only half Xen. My mother is half-human and half-mitochondria based mutant."

Misaki thinks. * How strange. He's only one fouth human, yet... *

The Ultimate Being questions Misaki. "Why are you still here? You're free to do 
what ever you please."

"I was thinking, maybe we could be friends."

"Friends? I'm not familiar with that term."

Misaki then puts on that 'kawaii' look. "On second thought, you're REAL cute!"

"I'm not familiar with that term 'cute' either." Says the Ultimate Being.

Misaki forms another sweat bead. * I feel so sorry for the poor guy, he knows 
nothing of friendship or love. *

Back to the Black Mesa Facility. Buzz Freeman, Joe Shepard, and Freak-Master 
Calhoun are on the scene, and ready to combat the alien scum...

"Washu, if you'd be so kind as to open your dimensional tunnel."

Washu has tears in her eyes, and is hesitant to do so. "I can't. I love you too 
much. YOU'LL DIE OF YOU GO!!"

"Don't worry babe, I'll come back alive." Nukem now gives her a good bye 
kiss.

Washu now assured that Duke will come back, opens the tunnel...

"Later baby."

Nukem now joins Shepard, Freeman, and Calhoun as they head to Jurai through the 
dimensional tunnel. Now to the Jurai thrown room. The Ninalithe we know is dead 
and gone. He has merged with Ryouko. Instead of fetus like alien, we see Ryouko 
with pure, blood-red eyes.

"Life is great, I have all the powers of the Light Hawk at my disposal thanks to 
Ryouko and her three gems! We are Gods now!" Says an overjoyed Ninalithe.

"Damn right cousin!" Says the Cycloid Emperor.

Eve has her doubts. "You are over confident dear."

"How so?" Ask Ninalithe.

"Though they do not know it, Tenchi and Sasami can merge to make a being
with power greater than your own." Says Eve.

"The point is they don't know, and they never will." Claims Ninalithe.

9:07pm, Outskirts of Jurai's Capital. Nukem and his elite alien patrol squadron 
have reached their destination...

"Hand me the 50x zoom binoculars." Demands Nukem.

"Here you go sir." Shepard hands the binoculars to Nukem.

Nukem is disguted. "Damn, this place looks worse than LA when it was overrun. We 
have no time to lose. We gotta take the alien bastards out now."

A couple of minutes later, they reach a Cycloid/Xen topless bar...

Nukem draws his trusty gold plated Desert Eagle .357 magnum. "I say we bust on 
in there to warm up our shooting skills."

Freeman, Shepard, and Calhoun respond simultaneously. "Sir, yes sir!"

POW!! Nukem kicks the door open, hitting a cycloid in the face, who was
attempting to open the door. No one notices Duke because they're too busy
putting their hands all over the main attraction, Sasami Jurai Masaki...

Duke scowls. "Now that's just not right."

Duke fires his gold plated Desert Eagle .357 at the ceiling...

A Pig Cop turns it's attention from Sasami. "It's Nukem!"

A group of 6 Cycloid Assault Troopers and 5 Pig Cops approach Nukem and his 
squad. The Assault Captains draw their laser pistols while the Pigs draw their 
12 Gauge shotguns...

Duke shouts. "Blow 'em all to Hell!"

Apparently Duke and his men were much quicker shots than the opposing force,
seeing how they even didn't get one shot off. The other Cycloids/Xen flea
from the bar, only to be shot down as well. Mutilated bodies and blood cover the 
bar floor...

"Well young lady, who might you be?" Asks Nukem.

Sasami replies. "Empress Sasami Jurai..."

"You're Washu's friend, right?" Asks Duke.

Sasami: "How did you know that?"

"Never mind. By the way, this bar is closed, you and whoever else is
forced into slavery here is free to go."

Sasami is overjoyed. * I can't believe it, I'm free! This is too good to be 
true! *

"Come on men, to the Jurai Palace we go!" Shouts Nukem.

On their way out of the bar, they get a not so friendly greeting from the 
Cycloid Emperor, 4 Battlelords, 10 Octobrains, 14 Enforcers, and 15 Pig Cops...

Shepard yells. "Shit, we've got Hostiles!"

"Neutralize Cycloids!" Shouts Calhoun.

Duke and the gang fallback while exchanging fire with the ugly scumbags...

"You've got nothing!" Shouts Freeman.

Duke Nukem yells another trademark phrase. "Eat shit and die!"

It only takes 4 minutes and 40 seconds to wipe out all of them. All of them 
except the Cycloid Emperor that is...

Duke gives his final orders. "You guys get to the palace, him and me got a score 
to settle."

Duke's men shout. "Sir, Yes sir!"

As soon as Duke's men leave, the battle is soon to begin.

C. Emperor: "This time you die!"

Meanwhile at the Jurai Palace... 

The Gargantua Commander burst through the thrown room doors. "Sire, we have 
received word that Duke Nukem's squadron is here!"

"I know that, my cousin has gone out to greet them. Gather 40 of your men and 
assist him with defeating Nukem!" Says Ninalithe.

The Gargantua Commander takes a bow. "Yes sire."

Just then, the UB and Misaki waltz in to the throne room...

"Son, what the hell are you doing with that former Juraian Empress?" Asks Eve.

The Ultimate Being replies. "She is helping me discover my emotions. Father, 
your ways of dictating this planet are wrong, maybe Satanic. I must stop this 
madness at all cost!"

Ninalithe rises from the throne. "How absurd, this son of ours has shown 
sympathy for the lesser beings. I will punish him."

Eve grins. "Don't hurt him too bad, dear."

Ninalithe scowls. "Screw that, he's dead."

10 Light Hawk Wings now surround Ninalithe. The Ultimate Being can feel his 
father's power growing rapidly...

"Misaki, you must leave, now!" Shouts the Ultimate Being.

"Do be careful." Misaki not wasting any time exits the room.

"Don't worry son, I'll kill her as soon as I'm finished with you."

The Ultimate Being cries out. "NO YOU WONT!!"

In an explosion of anger the Ultimate Being's ki rises to a massive level...

"Well-well. I sure am impressed, but not impressed enough to call you my son let 
alone the Ultimate Being." 

Elsewhere in the Jurai Palace, Misaki has snuck by a Pig Cop in an attempt to 
rescue Tenchi...

"Lady Misaki, how did you get down here?"

"The detention guard is asleep."

Misaki manages to steal the keys and free Tenchi from his cell...

"Let's split up. I'll look for Sasami and you look for Aeka and Ryouko."

Misaki: "Whatever you say." 

Author's Note: they aren't aware that Ryouko has been absorbed.

As Tenchi is leaving the detention block...

"Tenchi!"

"Sasami?! Sasami, it's really you!"

"Hurry, we must fuse to create Omega Tsunami."

Ninalithe was mistaken, Sasami knew about the fusion process all along. A bright 
light forms the room as Tsunami and Tenchi form to create Omega Tsunami. Omega 
Tsunami looks just like Tsunami, but with the eye and hair color arranged. Back 
to the throne room, Ninalithe is showing off his massive power. After his 
incredible display of telekinetic energy, He summons a Light Hawk Sword...

"Such a shame, my long lost son will have to die because he chooses to fight on 
the side of good."

Duke's squad then kicks the throne room door open...

"Need not worry Ninalithe, I'll take care of these impudent specimens." Says 
Eve.

Ninalithe: "Right. As for you my boy, we'll take this fight outside."

Both Ninalithe and the Ultimate Being teleport out of site while Eve is forced 
to deal with Duke's squad alone. Eve has the idea that human weaponry couldn't 
have advanced very much since her death in 1999. NOT TRUE!! Duke's troops blast 
away. It only takes 5 seconds for her to give out. And for safe measure...

"Take this!" Joe Shepard chucks a grenade at Eve's corpse. 

The explosion splatters her blood and limbs all over the throne room, giving it 
a nice red paint job...

"Tango down." Says Buzz Freeman.

Back to the battle of Duke and the Cycloid Emperor...

"Die!" The Cycloid Emperor is firing homing missiles like mad at Duke.

Duke on the other hand has borrowed one of Washu's inventions, a personal 
teleporting device...

The Cycloid Emperor is confused. "Where the fuck is he?"

"Right behind you!"

Before the Cycloid Emperor can turn around, Duke shoves a pipe bomb up his 
asshole...

The Cycloid Emperor yells in disgust "What the hell did you do to my ass?"

Duke replies. "Nothing at all."

Duke then teleports 50 feet away from the one eyed freak, and clicks on the 
remote. BOOM!! Duke has rid of the Cycloid emperor. Severed organs and blood 
rain over a one kilometer radius. Meanwhile at the royal courtyard...

"Now son, give me your best shot."

The Ultimate Being charges Ninalithe and gives him a heavy blow to the abs, 
which had no effect...

Ninalithe frowns. "That was wasn't even a love tap by my standards."

Ninalithe then grabs the Ultimate Being's head with a single hand and drives him 
Six Feet into the ground. Ninalithe draws a Light Hawk Sword and proceeds to 
drive the sword into the Ultimate Being. Sadly for Ninalithe, he is interrupted 
as Duke and his squad arrive at the scene, with all their guns pointed at 
directly at him...

"Foolish humans, you have no idea what you're up against."

"Well I do, and I know for fact you cannot defeat me."

Ninalithe's eyes grow wide. "Damn it, it's Omega Tsunami!"

Omega Tsunami then summons energy for a ki blast...

Ninalithe grins. "Remember, Ryouko will die if you kill me."

Omega Tsunami isn't dumb. "I know that, and I also know how to free her of your 
spirit. DESPELL!!"

Omega Tsunami uses the DeSpell magic from Final Fantasy VII to free Ryouko of 
Ninalithe. Ninalithe is once again back in his fetus-like form.

"You bitch!" Shouts Ninalithe.

Omega Tsunami then summons a Light Hawk Sword and charges Ninalithe. SPLAT!! 
Ninalithe has benn cut into over half-a-thousand pieces, ending a very short 
battle. One week later at Duke's favorite strip bar...

The bar tender is frightened. "Uh, hello there newcomer. Uh, what can I get for 
you?"

This newcomer has a deep, guttural voice. "Where is Nukem?"

The bar tender points to the billiard table, then the mystery man proceeds. Duke 
however feels the vibration in this man's foot steps. Duke looks up and puts on 
a scowl.

"If it isn't the legendary Duke Nukem."

This mysterious man is 8 feet tall, has blood red skin, cold green eyes, black 
leather pants, boots made from pure steel, a golden nacklace with a large 
pentagram for the charm, a golden trident, two large horns coming out of his 
head, and most important of all, the angel wings. If you think it's Satan, 
Lucifer, the Anti-Christ, or Beelzebub, you're right on the marker...

"Long time no see, Satan." Says Nukem.

End of Chapter #2. As always, I would appreciate some C&C via Email or Reviews, 
depending if you've read this at TMFFA.com or FanFiction.net.
