
Konichiwa to all you readers out there. I invite you into my world for 
awhile as you read this fanfic. Whether this is your first lemon, or 
you're a full-blown (pun intended) hentai otaku, I really hope you'll 
enjoy this fic. This is my 6th fanfic over all and my first attempt at a 
lemon. This is also my 1st fic on the internet.

Disclaimer: I'm sure you know that I don't own the rights to Ranma 1/2 
or Tenchi Muyo. If you think I do, then go get your head examined and 
watch more anime.
Now onto the fic.

Oh yeah. The following story is a lemon. It contains actually lemon 
scenes. If you're not at least 18, don't read this. (That means you 
Dave-ohki. I know you're reading this.) Like you people will actually 
listen to me.
Ok now for the fic


                         JUSENKYO MUYO!
                  A Ranma1/2 Tenchi Muyo Crossover
                       By: Tuxedo Callisto

It was about mid-afternoon in Nerima district of Tokyo. Ranma and Akane 
had just finished another of their all too common fights. Which ended in 
Akane malleting Ranma over the head. Ranma decided to go on a training 
trip in which to clear his mind and to get away from Akane for a few 
days. So he put together a few things for survival, and headed for a 
nice quiet place away from the city.

------Somewhere in a forest outside of Tokyo-------------------------- 

Ryoko was walking along one of the forest paths near the Masaki house. 
Things were not going well for her today. Tenchi had yelled at her and 
said some things he wished he hadn't. Which had truely hurt her inside. 
That and the brutal teasing that Ayeka gave her was too much. Ryoko ran 
from the house crying. All the while Ayeka was laughing cruelly at 
Ryoko's expense. Ryoko felt very sad and alone. She decided it would be 
best not to return to the Masaki house that night. She even thought it 
might be best if she never came back.

----------------------Morning-----------------------------------------

Ranma woke early as he usually did. After a small workout , he decided 
to go to the lake to catch some fish for breakfast. When Ranma got to 
the lake he noticed someone skipping stones across the lake. He took 
noticed that she was female and that she looked very unhappy. She turned 
around and made an energy sword appear in her hand. "Who's there?" She 
asked. "Show yourself." She demanded. Ranma nearly fell over in shock 
when he saw her float up above the ground and then teleport. She 
teleported right in front of Ranma. "There you are." She said as she 
pointed the sword at his neck. "Who are you and what are you doing 
here?" She asked demandingly. "Hey now." Ranma said. "Just calm down. 
I'm Ranma Saotome, and I'm on a martial arts training trip. By the way 
who are you?" "I am Ryoko." She told him. "The galaxy's most wanted 
space pirate." Ranma almost didn't beleive her. But then memories of his 
own life and the people he's met reminded him that anything is possible. 
Ranma decided to take her word for it. He then gracefully did a backflip 
away from Ryoko's sword, and landed landed with his normal cocky 
arrogance. "Not bad." Ryoko commented. She then put down her sword and 
made it vanish. "Thanks." Ranma replied. "You're pretty good yourself." 
The tension in the air lifted, and Ranma and Ryoko relaxed a bit. They 
spent the whole day together talking about their different lives and the 
people they lived with. Ranma and Ryoko's both felt the problems of 
their lives far away from them as they were sitting on a hill looking at 
the stars. Ryoko was starting to take notice of just how handsome Ranma 
was. She noticed his nice feature and was staring at his well-built 
fisique. Ryoko caught herself staring, and turned her head away, 
blushing. Ranma for his part was trying to tear his eyes from Ryoko's 
body. But somehow he found that he just couldn't. Ryoko noticed Ranma's 
gaze. "Do you like what you see?" She asked. But she already knew the 
answer. Ranma looked the other way as he blushed with embarassment. 
Ryoko turned his head back towards her. She stared into Ranma's eyes for 
a long moment. Then she drew her face closer to Ranma's and planted a 
tender kiss on his lips. The kiss lasted for a few very long moments. 
Ryoko broke the kiss, and looked into a very surprised Ranma's eyes. 
"It's ok if you think I'm attractive." She told him. "It's ok if you 
want me." Ryoko then kissed Ranma again more passionately this time. Her 
tongue going past Ranma's lips and into his mouth. Ranma's body froze up 
for a few seconds. He then came back to his senses and reciprocated the 
kiss. His tongue joining and twining with Ryoko's. Ranma's body started 
reacting to the kiss. Specifically, in a certain area below his waist. 
Ranma tried to ignore his arousel by concetrating on the kiss. It was 
becoming increasingly more difficult to do. Ryoko was feeling quite 
aroused herself. They broke the kiss long enough to stare into each 
other's eyes and to come up for air. Then their lips met and their 
tongues intertwined once again. Ranma reached out one of his hands and 
began to massage and fondle one of Ryoko's breasts. Ranma used his other 
hand to stroke Ryoko's outer thigh. Ryoko moaned low in her throat as 
they kissed. She reached out her hands and undid his chinese shirt.Ryoko 
then ran her hands over Ranma's bare muscular chest, and then down his 
sides and over Ranma's stomach. Ranma moaned in appreciation. They broke 
the kiss. Ryoko took Ranma's shirt off completely. She then started 
placing kisses along Ranma's neck. Ryoko reached down and undid the 
drawstring on Ranma's pants. She then pulled them off. Ranma reached 
forward to help Ryoko out of her dress. She wasn't wearing anything 
underneath. Ranma gazed in awe at RYoko's naked form. Ryoko took notice 
that the bulge in Ranma's pants, seemed to have just gotten bigger. 
Ryoko was now placing kisses on Ranma's neck again. She reached down and 
started to massage Ranma's cock through his boxer's. Ranma groaned in 
pleasure. Ranma began to fondle Ryoko's other breast, and used his other 
hand to massage her pussy. Ryoko and Ranma both moaned at the pleasure 
they were receiving. Ryoko started kissing her way down Ranma, until she 
reached the band of his boxer shorts. "Now this just won't do." Ryoko 
told Ranma. So saying, she grabbed the waist band and removed Ranma's 
last peice of clothing. Ryoko then began to stroke Ranma's cock with her 
hand. Then with her tongue. Then with her mouth. Ranma moaned and 
groaned because of the pleasure he was receiving. He had never felt 
anything so good in his life. After awhile of this, the pleasure became 
too much for Ranma, and he groaned his orgasm and exploaded into Ryoko's 
mouth. Ryoko swallowed it down and let go of Ranma's penis. She smiled 
at him and licked her lips. Ryoko came back up and kissed Ranma 
passionately. Ranma then proceeded to drop hot kisses down Ryoko's  neck 
and shoulder. Ranma started kissing downward toward Ryoko's breast. He 
gently licked and suckled Ryoko's nipple, while one of his hands gently 
massaged the other breast. Ryoko moaned at Ranma's pleasurable 
ministrations. Her fingers gently ran through Ranma's hair. After 
awhile, Ranma switched, and used his mouth on the other breast. Ranma 
did this for quite some time before trailing kisses downward. Ryoko 
nearly went out of her mind when Ranma started working on her clit. 
Ryoko's moans got louder as she was taken to new heights of pleasure. 
Ranma decided to add some fingers into play. First one, and then a 
second. Ranma started pistoning his fingers in and out of Ryoko's love 
tunnel, while licking her clit at the same time. This was all too much 
for Ryoko. She scream out her orgasm, and came all over Ranma's face and 
mouth. Ranma lapped up what he could, and then came back up to lay next 
to Ryoko. They share a tender kiss under the moonlight. Ryoko rolled 
Ranma onto his back, and started stroking his cock again. Ryoko got on 
top of Ranma, and guided his again rigid member into herself. Ranma and 
Ryoko moaned in pleasure at their joining. Ryoko proceeded to move up 
and down on Ranma's cock. They soon found a rhithym; matching each other 
thrust for thrust. They continued this way for awhile. Then they pick up 
speed of their thrusts. Both were close to the edge and couldn't hold on 
much longer. All the pleasure became too much for Ryoko who couldn't 
take any more. She shuddered and cried out in pleasure as her orgasm 
took her. That's all it took for Ranma who groaned out his orgasm and 
shot his load into Ryoko's inner depths about a second later. Ryoko 
collapsed onto Ranma, and fell into a happy, contented sleep. Ranma 
managed the strength to pull himself out of Ryoko and wrap his arms 
around her, before falling asleep as well. They slept peacefully among 
the stars that night. Ranma and Ryoko spent the next day together and 
watch the sunset before saying goodbye to each other. They both knew it 
could never work out for them. They were in love with other people. 
Ryoko loved Tenchi, and even though he didn't want to admit it, Ranma 
really loved Akane. Ranma and Ryoko would never forget that night they 
spent together. One day they would tell the others in their lives about 
what happened. But, until then, it would be a special secret that they 
both shared.

                    THE END.

Ok I'm finished. I doubt if it was any good. But hey, it was my first 
lemon. It couldn't be any worse than some of the other lemons i've read.

I bet you're also wondering how I came up with this idea. Well it's the 
product of no airconditioning in my house, insomnia, and a 20 oz. bottle 
of Surge. Also, the other Ranma crossover lemon ideas seemed so done to 
death. I hadn't seen any Ranma/Ryoko lemons out there yet, so I tought 
it might be fun for my first lemon. 

All comments are welcome.

e-mail me at: tuxedocallisto@hotmail.com

I'd also like to know where I can find any Project A-ko lemons.

Ok Dave-ohki. I know you were reading this. You were warned. So don't 
blame me if you didn't like it.    

