It occured to me that Kagato never got his revenge on Tenchi and the others
for his defeat. Here now is the continuing saga of the evil space villain
Kagato.....



                             KAGATO'S REVENGE


by Washu 6/10/97
_________________________________________________________________________

  It was a beautiful spring day and Ryo-ohki was bounding through the carrot
patch with cheerful meows for everyone. Tenchi was busy shovelling dirt
for the new vegitable patch. Sasami and Mihoshi were planting seed
in the freshly hoed rows of dirt.
  Sasami looked up from her work and wipped her brow. She took a moment
to survey the day's accomplishments. She watched Tenchi on the far side
of the field. He was busy digging. Off in one corner of the garden, Ryoko 
and Aeka were having a screaming match. Sasami sighed. So what
else is new? she thought. 
  Ryo-ohki hopped up with a fresh carrot in her mouth. "Meow, meow,
meow!!!" she said loudly. Sasami looked down and frowned.
  "Have you been eating the fresh carrots again Ryo-Ohki?" Tenchi 
won't be very happy about that pleased. Ryo-Ohki looked at her forlornly.
  Suddenly, a dark shadow loomed above their heads. Everyone looked up
to see a giant spacecraft hovering over the field. Without warning,
a blast of green light engulfed them all. Tenchi yelled out Sasami's 
name. It was the last thing that Sasami heard before she lost conciousness....


  Sasami awoke with a start. Her head was spinning and she felt dazed. She
was lying on her back, strapped securely to an operating table. When she 
tried to move her arms, they wouldn't budge. She looked around the room
in terror, trying to make sense of her predicament. 
  The room was large and white like an operating room. She was confused
and desperately tried to free her hands.
  Suddenly, a voice echoed through the room. "Well Sasami, it seems that I 
will have my revenge at last!" Sasami recognized Kagato's cruel and evil 
voice. She looked around the room in terror and confusion. 
  A heartless laugh reverberated through the room. "I've been waiting
for you Sasami..." Kagato cackled. "I've been so looking forward
to our next encounter!"
   Sasami was terrified. She squirmed and strained against the
strong clamps that held her wrists and ankles to the table. A
huge screen descended from the ceiling. On it was as taunting image
of Kagato's face. His evil glare looked down at her from above.
  "Now you can see me watching you little one!" he grinned "You will
be able to see the joy in my face as I submit your young body to 
HELL!" Kagato touched a button and his image was replaced by a mirror
reflection of Sasami clamped to the table. "See how pretty you are
my dear?" he said with a sarcastic grin. "You can see absolutely
everyting that is happening to you."
  Without warning, the wall at her left opened up and a cluster of evil
looking machinery slid forth from the darkness. The mechanical nightmare
hummed to life as Kagato pushed the buttons on his controller madly.
  Sasami gasped in horror as she watched metallic tentacles writh and
twitch as the machinery unfolded above her. Silvery metal tentacles
with various probes and needles moved into place above the operating
table. One of the evil metal worms boasted a horrific electric sawblade
which hummed quietly. Sasami shuddered in terror.
  Kagato laughed insanely as the torture tentacles hovered over Sasami.
  "Now you will see what pain and torment really mean!" he cackled 
sadistically. Sasami's eyes welled up with tears and frustration.
  "Please let me go!!" she begged. Kagato just smirked and glared
at her evily.
  "Not until you've paid the price for my defeat at the hands of your
friends!" 
   Sasami whimpered aprehensively as she watched the torture tentacles
squirm above her. Kagato pressed a button on his control pad and suddenly
the silver tentacles came to life. Sasami gasped in horror as a tentacle
descended to the table where she was held captive. At the tip of the tentacle
was what seemed to be a tiny sawblade.
   As Sasami watched in horror, the blade began to rotate faster and faster
until a loud hum emminated from the cruel device. The tentacle suddenly 
moved lower down on her body and out of Sasami's line of sight. Her eyes
grew wide in terror and she clenched her fists together in anticipation 
of what was going to happen.
   She yelped aloud as she heared the sound of the blade begin cutting into
the fabric of her pretty blue dress. She shook her head violently in 
desperate protest. The tentacle slowly eased the sawblade up her thigh,
rending the delecate fabric of her clothes. 
   Through tears in her eyes, Sasami saw another tentacle descend from
the metallic cluster hovering above her. The new metal worm had shiny
grippers like pointed pinchers attached to the end of it. The vile
looking pointed fingers of the gripper opened and closed mennacingly
with a metallic click. 
   The sawblade slowly worked its way up to Sasami's waist. Every few
inches, it made a little nick in her flesh causing her to cry out.
As the blade reached her pretty belt, it viciously sawwed into it
slicing the fabric in two.
   Sasami could feel the sting of the mini cuts that the spinning 
blade had caused on her soft thighs. Her tears of pain and fright
poured down the sides of her face.
   The gripper tentacle clasped her shredded blue dress and slowly
pulled the two halves apart revealing what was underneath. Sasami's
lacy blue panties were exposed now. Here beautiful young legs showed
the tiny cuts inflicted by the sawblade. Little trickles of blood
ran down the sides of her thighs from the many small wounds.
   Sasami's cheeks grew flushed as Kagato eyed her bare legs. 
"What a pretty young thing you are.." he cackled. "The very thought
of defiling your flesh makes my heart soar!" He continued pressing
buttons on his controller and more tentacles descended from the
mechanical cluster of evil.
   The sawblade tentacle began cutting up Sasami's delecate blouse.
She cried out as the blade cut viciously into the tender flesh of
her tummy. The gripper tentacle yanked at her clothes, tearing the
fabric and exposing more of her soft flesh to the eyes of her
tormentor.
    Sasami's tears welled to weeping as she sobbed in frustration
and terror. The sawblade finished its vile work and the gripper
stripped her of the last remnant of her shredded outer clothing.
    Kagato watched in delight as Sasami blushed and struggled.
Her lacy blue bra was exposed now, hiding her budding young breats.
She looked up at Kagato's taunting image on the screen above her.
Sasami felt ashamed at her bareness and her cheeks flushed as she
tried to turn away from his gaze.
    The naughty metallic tentacles now descended in a cluster of
lust. Sasami gasped as the probes snaked and writhed all over her
body. The cold metal of the machine worms made her muscles tense.
    A metal probe criss-crossed her upper body, poking at her young
breats and chilling Sasami's flesh. It slid underneath her bra clasp
at the center of her chest and violently yanked outward.  She gasped
as the lacy blue satin was torn from her chest. Her soft pretty 
breasts were exposed now. Her little pink nipples were hard and
her cheeks grew red in embarrassment. 
    More metallic tentacles carressed her neck and wrapped around
her pretty blue hair. Sasami writhed and fought against her bonds
as the tentacles wrapped themselves around her little tits. The
cold steel of the probes made her tiny pink nipples grow harder
as they tickled and carressed Sasami's naked chest.
    Other evil metal worms were getting to work on her lower half.
Cold probes of steel were wrapping themselves around Sasami's bare
legs. They slithered and wriggled around her thighs, wrapping her
pretty legs tightly. To her horror, the tentacles began to pull
Sasami's legs apart, spreading her thighs and exposing the crotch
of her lacy blue panties.
   Sasami cried out "Oh NO!" as the naughty worms held her legs
open for Kagato to admire. "Please... oh please!" she begged.
   "Quiet now lovely one..." Kagato whispered. His image on the
screen above her was as cold as the tentacles. He glared at her
with a look of pure hate.
   As the tentacles on her chest slowly molested her pretty tits,
a new metal worm broke off from the rest and positioned itself
over Sasami's face. It wiggled infront of her eyes, nodding in
a lifelike way, then suddenly plunged into her mouth without
warning. Sasami gasped and gagged as the intruder invaded her
young mouth. She clutched at her bonds in horror as the silver
worm violently penetrated her throught.
   Sasami's warm saliva coated the tentacle, making it slippery
and warm. It plunged down her throught, raping her mouth slowly
with metal. Sasami gagged and fought against it, but the tentacle
continued to force its way into her throat. It began to gently 
pump her mouth, violating her lips profanely and probing the 
interior of her throat.
   The tentacles at the lower half of her body kept her legs
tightly spread as new probes positioned themselves infront of
Sasami's exposed crotch. A tentacle slipped under the lacy
blue elastic of her panties and squirmed over her virgin
pussy. Sasami arched her back in protest as more tentacles
slipped under her panties and probed her female secrets.
   One of the tentacles exerted force on the satin fabric
of her panties and the lacy garment ripped open, exposing
her soft bush of blue pubic hair. A tentacle rubbed over
her pussy, pressing against her little clit and causing
Sasami to moan softly.
    The tentacles spread her legs wider and opened her
pussy to more exploration. A metal worm gently carressed her
soft clit, sending tingles through Sasami's body. It
rubbed back and forth against her little nub, causing
her clit to swell and burn with pleasure. 
   Sasami tried to cry out, but the slippery metal phallus
in her mouth prevented her from screaming. She gagged
slowly as the worm continued to rape her tight throat.
   The tentacles below held her legs tightly as the 
metal worm continued its onslaught on Sasami's virgin
clit. A trickle of vaginal fluid was slowly coating
Sasami's young pussy. The metal worms became slippery
and warm as they slipped back and forth across her 
damp bush. 
   Two tentacles pressed against her pussy lips, spreading
them open and exposing her vagina to the intruding worms.
A tentacle gently carressed the her pussy and Sasami squirmed
in frustration. The tentacle slipped inside her and began
to probe the interior of her virgin pussy. It thrust into
her more violently and began to writhe and pump itself 
faster and faster.
   Suddenly, Sasami noticed that the tentacles inside of
her were growing increasingly warm. The one raping her pussy
began to slide in and out of her wetly. It's slippery metal
squirmed and pumped her pussy with viciousness. It penetrated
her deeply, exploring the far recesses of her vagina with each
thrust. It tickled her cervix, causing a spasm in Sasami's
lower half. 
    The tentacle raping her mouth was getting warm as well.
It heated up her tongue as it quickly thrust against the
back of her throat. The tentacle was slimey and wet with
her saliva and tasted metallic. It made Sasami wince and gag.
    A new tentacle pushed its way inside her pussy, coming 
alongside the first one. Sasami arched her back in torment
as her pussy was stretched widely. The first vaginal tentacle
had begun to wriggle inside her womb, pushing past her cervix
and violating her womanhood profanely. It squeezed into
her womb violently and explored the dark recesses of her flesh.
   The second tentacle inside her pussy continued pumping and
writhing as a new metal worm placed its pinchers on Sasami's
clit. It grasped the little pink nub tightly and began to
vibrate with an electric hum. 
   Sasami's eyes grew wide as pleasure burned through her clit.
In spite of the violent metallic torture, the clit vibrator
was sending tingles through her whole body. It pressed against
her clit, holding itself tightly against Sasami's virgin nub.
   Soon, she felt a hot flash of pleasure ripple through her
pussy. She gasped and arched as tingles vibrated through her
lower half. The tentacle raping her mouth withdrew itself slowly
from her violated throat. As it escaped her lips, it left a hot
trail of sticky saliva in its wake.
   Sasami gasped for breath and moaned aloud. She writhed and
arched her back as the vibrating tentacle nailed her little
clit. "Oh...ooooooo.." she moaned in frustration. She closed
her eyes tightly and clenched her fists. Wave after wave of
burning pleasure tore through her clit and she cried out.
  "Ahhhhhhhhhhhh...!!!!" she moaned as her pussy spasmed
with pleasure. Her clit burned in a white-hot climax as the
tentacles inside her grew slippery and wet with her female
juices.
   Sasami shuddered and sighed deeply as her climax subsided.
She went limp and the tentacle removed the vibrating clamp from
her clit.
    Kagato grinned on the screen above. Through her tears,
Sasami could see his evil smile. "Are you ready to taste
true torture?" he asked wickedly. Sasami moaned and sighed
as the tentacles inside her continued to rape her young body. 
Kagato pressed a key on his touchpad and all hell broke lose.
    More metallic tentacles descended from the cluster above
Sasami's table. The new ones were equiped with unimaginable
devices of torture. Phalluses of every shape and size. Long
needles and blades that were shiny and viciously sharp.
   Sasami's eyes grew wide as she watched the torture tentacles
descend to her body. They encircled her with their twisted 
devices and slowly nodded at her as if to taunt her with
lust and torture.
   Two tentacles with nasty looking clamps descended on her
breasts. The clamps fit perfectly around Sasami's hard pink
nipples. She looked up at the screen above her and watched
in horrific anticipation of what would happen.
   Without warning, two sharp steel spikes pierced her nipples.
Sasami screamed out loud and tensed her muscles in agony. The
clamps inserted a long steel nail into each nipple and blood 
gushed from the puncture wounds. The tentacles rose from her
chest, leaving the two silver spikes inserted into her breasts.
    The silver nails stung terribly and Sasami moaned in pain and
confusion. Another tentacle like the first two descended to
her spread pussy. It clamped down on her clit and squeezed.
Sasami squirmed violently and the tentacles held her tight.
The tentacle clamp pierced Sasami's clit with a silver steel
nail just like the ones that punctured her breats.   
   "AAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!"Sasami screamed at the top of her lungs
as a feeling like fire burned her clit. The pain was 
excrusiating. 
   Suddenly, her restraints we unlocked and her hands came free
from the table. The tentacles held her tightly in their grip
and slowly turned her over onto her stomach. Sasami struggled
and fought with the metal worms, but whe was held fast.
   She moaned as she lay face down on the table. Her cheek sat 
in a little pool of a mixture of her own blood and saliva. The 
clamps locked her wrists and ankles again, keeping her trapped
to the torture table. A tentacle wrapped itself around her waist 
and lifted her ass into the air while forcing her head to lie on 
the table. The soft flesh of her young ass was bare and exposed
to the tentacles now. 
   Two of them spread her ass cheeks and held them open to attack.
A third vibrating phallus slipped wetly across Sasami's back.
She moaned in pain and exhaustion, nearly unconcious and feeling
the painful burning sting of the steel needles in her nipples
and clit.
  The snake-like metal probe tickled her exposed asshole and 
slowly began to penetrate Sasami's back door. She winced in
pain as it slipped wetly into her tight ass, probing and
tickling all the way. It writhed and squirmed inside her
colon, pushing in farther and farther. 
  Sasami's cheeks flushed redly. She was so tired and hurt,
but she still knew that Kagato was watching her rape-torture
and loving every second.
   The anal tentacle rape continued as the worm explored deeper
into her cavaties. It reamed and pumped her tight ass as blood
trickled down her thighs from her torn anus. Sasami sighed 
deeply and moaned, eyes half shut. 
   The tentacle began to vibrate and pump her ass with greater 
speed. More tentacles went to work on Sasami, poking at the
steel spikes in her nipples, causing her to wince. Tears 
welled at her eyes and she yelped as a vibrating clamp attached
itself to the clit spike and began to torture her pierced flesh.
   Her clit felf like it was on fire as the clamp vibrated the
clit spike. Her nipples burned redly as the vibro-clamps tortured
her soft tits. A small stream of blood droplets trickled from her
impaled, violated tits. A red pool was collecting beneath her on 
the torture table.
   The anal tentacle thrust deeply into her and out again, making
Sasami squeal and clutch at the table. The clit clamp vibrated 
faster, sending hot flashes of pain and pleasure through her body.
Her nipples burned and ached as the clamps twisted the needles 
inside her. She screamed again as the needles twisted and rotated.
Sasami was in terrible agony. Her little tits felt like they
were on fire. 
   She felt her clit burn with screaming pleasure as the tentacle
clamp vibrated the clit needle. Her pussy spasmed and her anus
contracted, squeezing the tentacle in her ass. She felt herself
drifting off, losing concious control and seperating herself from
her own body. 
   Her clit screamed with pleasure as the vibration continued. 
She closed her eyes, lifted her head and moaned softly. She arched 
her back and cried out "OOOOOoooohhhhhhhhh!!!!!!" as she climaxed 
violently.
   The tentacle in her ass twisted and pumped, insulting her tight
asshole as her hot orgasm tore through her. The tentacle clamps
pulled viciously at her nipple piercings, stretching her young
blood-stained tits. As Sasami screamed in orgasm and pain,
the tentacle clamps powerfully yanked the nipple needles from 
her tits. They violently ripped from her nipples, tearing huge, deep
gashes in her tits as they exited her flesh.
   Sasami gasped and gagged in pain as her screaming orgasm
subsided. Her breasts hurt like the devil. Blood cascaded 
from her chest and covered the table below her. She sighed
deeply, then collapsed into unconciousness....

  Kagato smiled and retracted the tentacles from her body. The slimey
metal worms were covered in blood, saliva and cum. Sasami lay on
the table, motionless. Kagato checked her bio-readout and saw that
she was still alive. Good, he thought, we'll have some more fun 
later sweet one...
   He walked past the torture table, leaving Sasami in a pathetic
heap. He opened a side door and exited the torture room, leaving
the mess behind him.
   The new room he entered was exactly like the first. Accross the
room was a torture table exactly like Sasami's. Lying face up on
the table was another woman, clamped down the way Sasami had been.
Kagato strode brazenly up to the new victim and looked her in the
eyes.
   "Shall we begin my dear, dear Aeka?" He laughed evilly and
went to work again....


THE END?


-------------------------------------------------------------------

This fanfiction may be distributed freely so long as full credit
is given to the author. Responses may be addressed to: 

			washu@naughtytentacles.com