
      Tenchi was outside working on the yards and  getting vegitables. He
rubbed his forehead,"Ahh,what a nice day."
Then Ryoko poped out of the pond near Tenchi naked,"Hi Tenchi!!"
"Ryoko what are you doing!!Put some close on!!"
"Don't worry Tenchi, its important."
     Ryoko Floated with impact towards tenchi itell they reached a wall.
"You won't need you clothes!!!!" Ryoko pulled tenchi's shirt off and grabbed

his pants from his balls,"Ah Good, no underware,you mad3e it easy. Oh tenchi

your penis is growing,an eraction!! I'm so excited."
"Ahh!!! Stop Ryoko!!!"
Ryoko pulled Tenchis penis hair of his skin the Tenchi shouted
"Hmm,no it looks much cleaner and it wont be as fuzzy!!"
Ryoko smiled she threw the hair to the masaki shrine.
Back at the Masaki shrine.
Noboyuki talked to His father
"Whats that,a tumle weed?"
"Wha,oh no,let me see."
He picked up the hair
"Its tenchi's!!!"
"His head hair?"
Noboyuki replyed
"No well,hmm...,well pick it up."
Back to where tenchi is,
"Ryoko let me go!!! Its embarrising enough!!!"
Tenchi shouted. Just the Ryoki came and jumped on tenchi and thought his
penis was a carrot so nibbled.
"Ah!!!!!"
Then a voice was heard,
"Ryoki did you get the vegitables?"
It was Sasami, She stared at Tenchi and Ryoko but Ruoko teleported them to
the living room of the house. Ryoko laid on the sofa  and pushed tenchis
penis in and laughed. She took the penis out and sucked it
"Mmmm!!taste good."
"Ryoko strop now!"
Just then eveyone heard the scream and went to the living room and shouted
with amazment.
"Oh boy,Tenchi come with me ."
"Why?"
"We ned to check what happened to you and Ryoko to see if anything bad
happened."
Eveyone went into the lab.
"Ok tenchi get into the tube,"Washuu said
"can i put some clothes on?!!"
"No,we need the suction needle to go into your penis for examination."
"What a needle!! No!!"
Washuu got tenticles to get him in the tube. Once he was in the needle went
in but didnt work.
Washuu said something again
"Ok we need a cicumsition now!!!"
Then knifes went into the tube and sliced the foreskinn of tenchi penis then

Tenchi shouted in pain and blood spilled. The the needle entered the penis.
"On a view screen it showed the things that emerged and left into in his
penis.
"Ryoko this is all your falt!!!'Ayeka shouted at Ryoko.
"Wait ok here!!! I got it!!"
Suddenly tools of al  kind entered the tube.
Miahoshi questioned the scrren"What is that?"
washuu replyed"Wha,its its Kagato!!"
In his penis!!?"Ayeka asked
"No,Hes in the atmosphrere heading this way!!!"


