I DO NOT own Tenchi Muyo or anything else, they belong to AIC and Pioneer.
None of the characters, even the SI's are mine. But who cares. MWAHHAA!!

Kagato's Little Secret

by Kagato's testacle

Imagine the worst stories you've ever read. Imagine the worst authors you've
ever heard of in your life. Imagine what would happen if they banded
together. You will find out here the worst that could possibly happen. And
one other thing.....SAKUYA SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!
MWAHAHAHAHHHHHHHHHHHhAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

In a small room, around a large red table, sat the most famous authors of
Tenchi Fics. The first one was the ever pious AAA-Phucknut, who was at the
moment jacking off to the latest edition of Tenchi in Tokyo, where Tenchi
has a graphic sex scene with Amagaski. To his left was a small redhaired
lady, she appeared to be an almost identical copy of Washu, that was except
for the mucus dripping tentacles in her hair. Next we had a normal looking
boy, his eyes appeared to be vacant and his stare was insidious. On his
shirt was the picture of a policeman inside a tank, below the picture were
the words, Tankcop. After him was a freaky young man who appeared to be an
alien, on his shirt was the number Fifty two. There were many others after
that but those were the ones that were currently talking at the moment.

"It's pure genius!" Phucknut yelled out as he stroked his pale green salami.
"MGPNobuyuki hasn't had a real gig since that part where he killed himself
after ripping off his dick!"

"But" Washutentacles slithered out a she observed the authors. "I haven't
finished my story, Kagato Revenge must be finished. I have something even
worse in store for Sasami! HAHAHAHAAH!!!" She cackled madly and two
tentacles slithered onto her shoulders and wiggled around.

"Tankcop, what about you?" Alienboy52 asked as he turned towards the
deranged youth. "You've been silent since this meeting started." Tankcop
turned towards him and grinned maniacly.

"I believe I have the answer." All of the other members leaned towards him.
"I was thinking about this while my fics were being mst'ed by Ksawarrior and
his loser crew..except for Rei of course. Our fics are deadly but they
aren't nearly strong enough, what we need to do is join forces. We take all
of our ideas and create the most horrid event ever, the most disgusting fic
by far." A grunt is heard from Phucknut. "Yes?" He asks as he turns towards
him, just in time to take a full on load of jizz onto his face. The white
milky liquid lingured on his face and his began licking at it, savoring the
wonderful taste and incredible aroma. "Mmmm, what did you have..cantalope?"
Phucknut just smiles.

"Alright then..it's agreed." Alienboy52 spoke as he began to lick Tankcop's
face. Everyone began to move in on Phucknut and began to lick his face
profusely.

--------------------D   *splurt*

Sammy walked down the stairs to her school in a hurry, she needed to be home
or her mom would be mad and beat her.
As she walked she noticed that her friend misao was crying softly, her cute
unformed breasts her poking out of her shirt in an inviting fashion. Sammy
felt her virgin pussy tighin and contract, this was getting her very hot.
She skipped over to the crying girl and put her arms around her. Misao
looked up with tearful eyes and began to mumble.

"I tried to be good.." Misao cried out in saddness. "He said that I was
great last time, but I wasn't good this time."

"Who?" Sammy asked with great concern in her eyes.

"Extreme, he says that I wasn't as good this time." She shook her head and
looked towards the floor. She then thought of something and grinned at her
friend. "I know, how about you come with me and help me out!"

"I don't know, I mean I don't want to cheat on Cycracks..but oh well, He
hasn't been satisfying my underaged pussy lately anyway, I've had to resort
to Tsunami for the last few days. And she can sure be a bitch sometimes.
Sammy lick my cunt, sammy use your whips, Sammy ram it up my ass!" She
raised her hands up in indignation. "Hell she even brought out one of her
branches and told me to suck it! Disgusting!" Sammy thought about this
situation and continued. "But if he says "Extreme transformation" or
anything like that. I'm kicking his ass."

--------------------D *splat splat*

Sammy and Misao reached her home shortly afterwards, the open beer cans and
used condom trails could lead them hear anyday. They walked up to the door
and began to open it when they heard some moans from the inside. They opened
the door silently and peaked inside. What they saw was disturbing.

"Oh Extreme your so great!" A man with sunglasses yelled out as he gripped
his throbbing tool "Your ass is just so tasty and EXTREME!" The man being
pounded looked up towards him and winked.

"Your not so bad yourself ZeroCool." He twised over and frenched the man
deeply. " Pound me with that big fat tool of yours. And after that shove
that lifesaver up my anus too!" The two girls visibly blanched and shut the
door quietly.

"That was disturbing." Sammy spoke as Misao shook her head in agreement. As
they left they could have sworn they heard somebody yell out "Extream
Transformation!"

------------------------D *squuuuirrrrrrrt*

Sammy and Misao shook their heads as they headed up to the large and
mysterious mansion. They wondered outloud why they would go to such a wierd
place but they just shrugged it off. They opened the door to the mansion and
walked inside, closing the door silently and tiptoeing inside. Just as they
were about to reach the kitchen a bizarre site befell them. A strangely
dressed man came running out of the kitchen and was tackled by a crazy guy
in a tutu.

"You will be the one to carry my unborn child!" The man yelled out maniacly
as he ripped off the old guys pants. He then twisted the guy over and shoved
his shriveld old cock right inside his butt, cutting it up and making blood
splurt everywhere, including onto the two little girls. A bizare Idea
overcame the girls, one which they couldn't will against. Sudddenly they
latched onto each other and began licking the blood from their respective
bodies. After they were done, their minds returned to normal and they ran
towards the bathroom passing by a strange room with a couple of weird
people.

"Please, Tenchi help!" Sakuya yelled out as a demonic beast began ripping
off her titties. Blood splurted from her mouth and she ejactulated right
there. The monster ripped off one of her legs and began to knaw on it like a
piece of chicken. As the unfortunate lady began hyperventalating and cried
until she loss the ability to cry anymore. The monster licked the bone clean
and tossed it aside. And then opened it's eyes and shoved a large metal
knife up her pussy, making jut all the way up to her mouth. Sakuya wiggled
and flapped her arms for a moment and then blood exploded from her and
splashed all on the ground and onto the monster, with a grin it licked it's
teeth and continued eating the girl from inside and out.

Misao and Sammy reached the bathroom in a hurry, they closed the door and
took off their clothes. As Sammy gazed upon Misao's majestic body, her ass
made a rumble and she clutched it insanely. Misao looked up with concern and
raise an eyebrow.

"I have to take a dump." Sammy said as she clutched the toiletseat. Misao
grabbed her and shook her head, Misao then sat down on the ground and becond
for the blue haired girl to follow. As Sammy passed over Misao, her ass
exploded and shit came splashing down, splashing all over Misao. Misao
opened her shit overed eyes and looked towards Sammy, she then grinned and
licked her fingers. Sammy smiled gratefully and then put her clothes on, she
passed over misao and frenched her gratefully.

As they passed by they again passed by the same room only there was a
different person in it this time.

"I declare! Lord Tenchi..Help me!!" A purple haired girl asked as the demon
walked up to the woman and reached out, pulling out her eyeballs and eating
them, savoring the warm squishiness of the balls. The woman screamed out to
the world and lurched back. The monster licked his fingers and walked up the
woman, with a thrust he reached into her gut and ripped out her intestines,
he then set them on a platter and began to suck them like spagetti noodles.
Ayeka smashed against the floor and died painfully, having been brutally
violated by a big ugly monster.

The two girls walked up a staircase that had conviently appeared. They
rushed towards another room and opened it up.

(This scene is specifically for you Shorin)

"Oh! Ryo-Ohki, your so spectacular!" Tenchi yelled out as he clutched the
small furball and rammed his penis inside her, illiciting a pained myia and
a crumpled moan. "Yes, So soft and warm!" He held her up and began using her
to jack himself off." The two girls quickly shut the door just before they
heard a horrible tearing sound. "Oh well, I'll just use your eye socket
now!" Her yelled out as a nasty squishing sound was heard.

"Let's get out of here!" Sammy screamed out in terror as she turned around
towards Misao, only there was someone else there instead.

"We still have so much to do." Kagato spoke as he shifted his arm and the
room began to change. Suddenly she was strapped to a table and various
instruments,knives and various poking instruments lined the table
thoroughly. He smirked and picked up a rather large and viscious poker.
"Let's begin" He spoke as he shove the horrid utensil inside her anus,
practacly fucking her with it as he shoved it in and out, bringing blood and
shit down onto the table as he pushed inward. With a sigh he took it out and
grabbed a large knife. He grabbed ahold of it and lowered it onto her back,
then with a quick swipe he cut off a piece of her flesh and smiled. She
screamed out in agony as her flesh was sliced from her, leaving blood trails
all over her body. He looked at the piece of flesh and opened his mouth.
With a quick laugh he tossed the meat into his mouth and swallowed. "Tastes
like chicken"

"Noooooo!!!!!!!!" Sammy screamed out in pain as he stood over her and opened
up his pants. He then proceeded to violate her in her ass, pussy and mouth.
Wet squishiness and bloodynees, a few hours later she woke up. Kagato stood
over her grinning. Without warning her brought out his sword and sliced her
head clean off. As the head rolled to the ground, he glanced at the open
neck spot and licked his lips. Kagato reached near the body and began
sucking the blood from the open wound.

THE END....for now

Kagato's Testacle..............bringing disgusting to new heights.