I don't own these characters or profit from them.



Karaoke night 2
By, Clayton Overstreet



  Kiyone slowly opened her eyes and saw Mihoshi's face directly infront of 
her. Memories of the night before came flooding back to her in startling 
clairity. Her crotch still hurt a little, but it didn't bother her in the 
slightest. She ran a hand along her sleeping partner's ribs and buttock and 
gave her a small kiss on the lips.
  "I love you Mihoshi."
  Mihoshi yawned and stayed asleep, but said, "I love you Kiyone."
  Kiyone smiled and ran a finger through a tangled lock of Mihoshi's hair. 
Then she closed her eyes and went back to sleep.

  She opened her eyes as a beam of sunlight hit her in the face. Mihoshi 
wasn't in the bed and the depression her body had made in the bed was cold. 
Kiyone sat up, the blankets falling off of her as she looked around the 
room. Even the clothes they had thrown around the bed were gone.
  "It's almost like it never happened." She said to herself.
  Just then the door opened and Mihoshi walked in. She was wearing a blue 
bathrobe and carrying some clothes bundled up in her arms. Her hair was wet 
and dripping a bit on the floor.
  "Good morning Kiyone." She said cheerfuly. "Did you sleep well?"
  "Very. Last night almost seems like a dream." She stood up and smiled at 
Mihoshi.
  The blond flinched slightly and looked away. "You know Kiyone if you 
want... that's all it could have been. A one time thing that could have just 
been a dream."
  Kiyone blinked at Mihoshi in shock and stepped towards her, putting her 
arms on her shoulders. "No."
  "But Kiyone..."
  "No!" She slid her arms around Mihoshi's neck and looked right into her 
eyes. "Never Mihoshi."
  "Oh Kiyone." She whispered and dropped her clothes. Putting her arms 
around Kiyone's waist she leaned in to close the kiss. They both moaned 
slightly as each tried to replace the other's tongue with her own. They 
broke apart and Mihoshi smiled at her. "I love you... but what do we tell 
everyone?"
  "I think most of them either have or will figure it out of their own." 
Kiyone said. She shivered and got goosebumps as Mihoshi's hair started to 
drip on her. "If we keep this up you'll need another shower."
  "Actually that might not be suh a bad idea." Mihoshi said with a grin. "Do 
you want to take a bath with me?"
  Kiyone looked at her with a grin. "I'm still amazed at what you can do 
with just a simple question."
  She blushed and said, "I started when I was in special operations and had 
to get information while under cover. I guess it became a habit."
  "It's alright Mihoshi. I know the real you." Kiyone said. "And right now I 
would love to join you in the bath. But let's wait until after chores so we 
know we can get some time alone."
  "It is kind of hard to believe isn't it Kiyone. Just three days ago the 
thought would have never entered your mind."
  "That isn't true. I just didn't want to admit it." Kiyone said.
  Mihoshi nodded and kissed her cheek again. "Come on, let's go get 
breakfast. I'm starving!" She turned and tripped over the edge of her robe.
  Kiyone laughed. For a minute she'd forgotten that Mihoshi was... well 
Mihoshi. "Sure thing." She helped Mihoshi up and they got dressed.
  Downstairs the others were all sitting at the tabe already except for 
Yosho and Noboyuki who were already at work. As they sat down at their 
plates Washu was grinning at them.
  "What?" Kiyone asked irritably.
  "Oh nothing. I've just been experimenting with soundproofing. Didn't you 
notice how quiet everything was last night?"
  Sasami giggled conspiratorally and said, "I know I didn't hear anything."
  "Knock it off." Kiyoner said, blushing almost as red as Tenchi who was 
trying not to notice what Ryoko was doing with her free hand.
  After eating they all split up to do thir chores. Mihoshi was assigned to 
bedroom duty while Kiyone had to clean up the cherry blossoms from the 
walkway. "You know, we've been here for well over a year and I don't think 
the trees ever got any actual cherries."
  Tenchi shrugged. "I noticed that too. The only time I haven't had to clean 
blossoms was when it snows and then grandpa makes me shovel that."
  "Weird."
  "Says the girl with green hair." He said quickly.
  She laughed out loud. "I suppose when you live in a place like this a few 
odd trees aren't something to worry about. I mean it isn't like any of them 
are haunted or anything."
  "Um Kiyone, I didn't want to say anything to you durring breakfast, but 
I'm really happy for you and Mihoshi." He said. "I mean I know how I felt 
when Ryoko came back..." He trailed off and smiled nervously.
  Kiyone looked at him for a minute and in the silence they heard something 
crash followed by Mihoshi saying, "Oops."
  "Thank you Tenchi. I... well just thank you." She smiled softly and 
picture4d Mihoshi's face.
  Outside they heard Ryoko taunt Aeka into another fight and Tenchi got a 
similar look. Then they heard Sasami clear her throat and split up to do 
their chores. Ryo-oki looked up at Sasami and meowed.
  "Well I'm not going to do all of the chores around here." She said with a 
grin. "And I've had it up to here with the mushy stuff." The cabbit nodded 
and followed her back to the kitchen.

  Mihoshi flinched as she heard the familiar sound of a CD breaking under 
her heel. Looking down she saw Aeka's favorite album shattered under her 
foot. "Oh she's going to be mad."
  Suddenly the CD pieces wiggled a bit and slid back together. The cracks 
vanished and an extra song appeared in the menu on the back. "I'm sorry 
about teasing you earlier."
  Turning she saw Washu standing in the doorway. "That's alright, I didn't 
really mind much."
  "I know, but Sasami and I got carried away. It's just hard to remember 
sometimes that you aren't quite as ditzy as you seem." Mihoshi raised an 
eyebrown and Washu grinned. "Oh didn't I tell you? I went over Mecha-Washu's 
memories very carefully. I understand that just knowing what you know could 
get me imprisoned again."
  "What ever happened to those things you made that was going to destroy the 
universe?"
  She sighed and leaned against the doorframe. "They took them apart. And 
for your information they only could have done that, I wasn't going to use 
them."
  "You made the switch bright red and wrote 'Push me' on it!" Mihoshi said 
with a grin. "Above that you wrote 'To get unlimited wealth'."
  "I would have put it right back!" Washu insisted. "Now do you accept my 
apology or what?"
  She smiled and nodded. "Sure. But could you not do it to Kiyone any more? 
She's really not up for it."
  "So how was it? I mean when she said she loved you too." Washu asked.
  Mihoshi closed her eyes and for a second Washu thought she was going to 
make a mess on Aeka's floor. "It was the single best thing that has ever 
happened to me."
  "Didn't you win the lottery twelve times?"
  "Yes." She said still smiling. "And I found a patch of five leafed 
clovers."
  "Wow." Suddenly she looked behind Mihoshi to the window. "Hey, look at 
that."
  Mihoshi turned and saw Tenchi sitting with Ryoko under a tree. "It looks 
like she's trying to ram her tongue down his throat... oh wait. She's done 
it." Tenchi's face was turning blue but he was still kissing Ryoko. "I think 
she's killing him."
  Tenchi's eyes rolled up into his head and he passed out backwards against 
the tree. As color slowly returned to his face Washu said, "What a way to 
go."

  After lunch Mihoshi took a nap on the back porch. The warm sunlight hit 
her body as she lay there enjoying herself.
  "Mihoshi? Are you awake?" Aeka's voice asked above her.
  "Um, kind of." Mihoshi said without opening her eyes.
  "I need to talk with someone. Do you mind?"
  Mihoshi sat up and looked at her. Aeka's eyes were puffy and her cheeks 
were wet. "Aeka, were you crying?"
  She nodded and sat down next to her. "I... I don't know what I'm doing any 
more. I have no idea anymore." She took a deep breath and waited for a 
minute. When Mihoshi didn't say anything she continued. "I have always 
thought of love as something between family. Ryoko was some outsider who was 
coming to take Tenchi away from me like she had everything else. Then she 
sacrificed herself for me and Tenchi fell in love with her. I just can't... 
I don't know what to do. I didn't even know how it worked until a few days 
ago."
  "I know. Kiyone had a good laugh at that. It was really funny." Mihoshi 
said.
  "It was not. It sounds so... messy. How could that be... well Washu 
explained it but still." Her crown began to glow and sparks shot through her 
hair. "Tenchi says he loves me but that he's in love with Ryoko. I just 
don't know the difference." Neither of them noticed Kiyone as she rounded 
the corner and then pull back when she saw them talking.
  "Oh that's easy." Mihoshi said. "Loving someone like Tenchi loves you 
means that you want them to be happy and would do anything to keep them safe 
and happy."
  "Then what does he feel for Ryoko?"
  "The same thing plus lust, euphoria, and the fact that he is doing 
everything to keep her safe and happy." Mihoshi closed her eyes and smiled. 
"You want to be around them all the time and just staring into her eyes 
would just be the best thing you could ever do. It's wonderful." Her eyes 
opened again and she saw Aeka staring at her. Blushing she looked down at 
the porch.
  "I din't think that ever happened to me. Have you felt that way about 
anyone?" Aeka asked.
  Mihoshi nodded numbly. "Twice. The first time was a long time ago when I 
was in the accademy. He graduated first though and by the time I did he had 
found someone else."
  "I'm sorry to hear that." Aeka said. "When was the second time?"
  "When I first saw Kiyone." She whispered.
  The princess blinked and said, "I'm sorry, but I thought I just heard you 
say Kiyone." Mihoshi sat there quietly. "Oh. But I thought... I mean how can 
you..."
  She shrugged and smiled. "My grandmother always said that you never knew 
who you were going to fall in love with until it hits you. When I saw her I 
just thought she was the most beautiful person ever, even when she yelled at 
me."
  They both heard a gasp from somewhere to the left and saw Kiyone watching 
them. Aeka looked at her for a second and said, "Well thank you for talking 
to me Mihoshi. I'll see you later." She stood up and walked away.
  Kiyone took her spot, sitting next to Mihoshi. "You never told me about 
any of your old relationships. I knew you'd had them but you never really 
said anything."
  Mihoshi smiled at her. "That's because it isn't important." Closing her 
eyes she lay back in the sun.
  "I suppose, but I am curious." She said. "Unless you don't want to talk 
about it."
  Mihoshi's face hardened for a second in a way Kiyone had never seen. "His 
name was Milloi, he was a year older than me, aqnd he left me for a girl 
with orange hair. I didn't really know him and if I had I wouldn't have 
wanted to." She took a deep breath and her face softened again.
  "I'm sorry Mihoshi." Kiyone said. She laid her head next to Mihoshi's and 
reached out to rub her cheek. "But what you said about when you first saw 
me. I was so mean to you. You waited so long and I didn't even notice. When 
I did I didn't want to believe it or accept how I feel about you."
  Mihoshi reached out and wiped a tear off of Kiyone's cheek. "It's alright 
Kiyone. I would have kept waiting because I was happy just being around you. 
I knew you liked me because you obviusly felt guilty about it like you 
always do when you like something. Please don't be sad Kiyone."
  They kissed each other then. As they did Kiyone thought about the moment 
she'd realized that Mihoshi loved her. It had been such a shock that she had 
refused to believe it. Then she'd thought that maybe she was only reading 
her own feelings into it and had realized that she had fallen for Mihoshi. 
After that she'd wracked her brains on how to tell her partner and find out 
if she felt the same way.
  Ryoko had almost ruined everything by showing up while they were applying 
each other's sunscreen. Sitting there naked with the space pirate being the 
only thing between them had driven her up the wall. She'd finally just asked 
Mihoshi how she felt about her and when the she'd said that she loved her...
  Kiyone broke the kiss. "Mihoshi, I am so sorry I ever said I hated you. I 
never ment it no matter how mad I was at you."
  "That's okay Kiyone." Mihoshi said quickly.
  "No it isn't Mihoshi. Now please tell me what I can do to make it up to 
you."
  She thought about it for a moment, getting her usual airheaded look. 
"Well... we did finish our chores." She smiled happily. "Race you to the 
baths."
  Sasami looked up as she saw Kiyone and Mihoshi rush passed the kitchen and 
into the bathroom. Shew grinned and looked at Ryo-oki. "I think we should 
find something to do outside, don't you?"
  "Myah." The cabbit said. Sasami took off her apron and they walked out the 
back door. They almost crashewd into Aeka as they did.
  "Sasami? Where are you off to?"
  She blushed a bit. "Mihoshi and Kiyone need some time alone so we were 
going to go play."
  Aeka's face turned bright red. "Oh I... I see. Um Sasami just out of 
curiousity... how can they... Washu told me that a man and a woman..."
  The blue haired girl giggled. "I think that's their buisness Aeka. But 
maybe you should ask Noboyuki to lend you some of his comics when he gets 
home. Why were you going inside."
  Aeka almost seemed to glow red. "Well I had finished my chores and I came 
across Ryoko and Tenchi..." She covered her eyes. "They didn't notice me, 
even when I tripped over their clothes."
  "Come on sis. We can go for a walk in the woods."
  "Oh yes. That sounds nice and calm." They turned and walked away. "Sasami 
are you sure we should still be here?"
  "Of course Aeka. They're still our family. Besides what would they do 
without us?"
  "You're right Sasami." She said with a smile.

  Kiyone smiled nervousely as she leaned against the door of the baths. She 
watched Mihoshi's reflection in one of the pools as she began to take off 
her clothes. Even with what they had been through Kiyone felt just as 
nervouse as she had the night before.
  Mihoshi smiled and turned her back on Kiyone. "Kiyone could you help me 
with my bra? I think it's stuck."
  Kiyone blinked in surprise. She hadn't even seen Mihoshi try to undo it. 
Then she caught Mihoshi's smiled and nodded. A bit hessitantly she walked 
over and undid the clasp. Mihoshi's bra slipped off and onto the floor by 
her feet, but she stood facing away from Kiyone and began taking off her 
pants.
  Kiyone wasn't sure what to do except stare at the back of Mihoshi's head. 
Then she heard Mihoshi giggle and snapped out of it. Turning around herself 
she began taking off her own clothes. First her shirt fell to the floor and 
then she took off her bra. Her's had the clasp at the front and it fell 
behind her as it fell off. She was about to unzip her pants when she 
suddenly felt Mihoshi's chest press into her back and stiffened like a 
board. Her heart beat faster and she felt the blood rush to her face.
  Mihoshi brushed Kiyone's hair away from her neck and kissed right between 
her shoulders. Kiyone shivered as goosebumps moved over her skin and Mihoshi 
began working her lips along her spine. Kiyone jumped a bit as she felt 
Mihoshi's tongue flick between her shoulder blades. "Mi... Mihoshi what are 
you doing?"
  "I'm helping you undress." She said. Her teeth grazrd the small of 
Kiyone's back and her hands slowly slid around her waist to Kiyone's zipper.
  "Oh is that all?" Kiyone's voice cracked nervously.
  Mihoshi's fingers closed over the zipped and slowly pulled it down. Kiyone 
was intensely aware as Mihoshi then popped pen the brass button holding the 
top of her pants closed. She stood perfectly still as she felt Mihoshi's 
nail's brush her waist as she slipped them into her pants and tugged down 
brushing her legs aswell.
  Cool air hit Kiyone as her pants hit the floor and Mihoshi began taking 
off Kiyone's shoes. Curious Kiyone glanced down and saw Mihoshi's back 
again. When the laces were undone she stepped out of her shoe and Mihoshi 
peeled off her socks. Then she gasped as Mihoshi kissed each of her toas and 
sucked on the little one. "You've had a lot of time to plan this haven't 
you?"
  "Yep." Mihoshi said cheerfuly and repeated the process on her other foot.
  Stepping out of her pants Kiyone turned to face Mihoshi and looked down at 
her. She smiled back and began kissing up Kiyone's legs until she reached 
the white cotton panties she was wearing. Kiyone blushed again as Mihoshi's 
nose pressed into the growing wet spot and took them in her teeth. The 
strangest part was as Mihoshi pulled the thin material she looked up at 
Kiyone with the same innocent look she wore when she did anything else. 
There wasn't even a trace of guilt or embarassment in her light blue eyes.
  Kiyone smiled back and stepped out as they fell around her feet. She 
extended her hand to Mihoshi to help her up. Mihoshi took it and stepped 
closer as she went up so that her nipples rubbed into Kiyone as she did. 
"Come on Kiyone, let's get into the water."
  "Sure Mihoshi." She let herself be dragged to the edge of the warm pool. 
Mihoshi let go of her hand and jumped in splashing Kiyone and making her 
laugh. "Hey!"
  Mihoshi's head came halfway out of the water and her breasts bobbed near 
the top. Blowing bubbled and smiling she said, "Come on in Kiyone!"
  She smiled and laughed again. "Okay, just give me a second." She put he 
foot slowly into the water until it hit the bottom, then the other. Slowly 
dipping into the water she let the warm liquid slowly cover her until it was 
up to her shoulders. Her arms were still a little painful from all of the 
sweeping she had to do. "This is nice."
  Mihoshi kicked her feet and swam over next to her, sitting on the bottom 
of the pool. "Are you feeling alright Kiyone?"
  "I feel great Mihoshi." She felt the blond's hand start to slide up her 
leg. "And getting better by the minute."
  Mihoshi nodded and ran her fingers through the patch of green hair over 
Kiyone's crotch. Then she slowly slipped a finger along her clit and into 
her. Kiyone moaned in pleasure and reached ut with both hands to grab one of 
Mihoshi's breasts.
  Moving her hips with Mihoshi's hand she lifted the breast out of the water 
and leaned forward to kiss it. She wrapped her lips over the large nipple 
that hardened in her mouth as she began suking on it softly.
  "Kiyone!" Mihoshi yelled and slipped another finger into Kiyone's pussy.
  Kiyone's legs snapped shut holding her hand in place and Kiyone's teeth 
slid over her breast. Mihoshi suddenly pulled back and spread her arms, 
pulling Kiyone into a hug. They both moaned as their chests met and they 
kissed deeply. Mihoshi bent her waist and pushed a leg between Kiyone's so 
that they locked together.
  Kiyone felt Mihoshi's clit and pussy lips rub into her own and groaned 
into her mouth. Slowly she began to rub them together. Both of them began to 
shaked and paw at each other faster and faster until they felt every muscle 
below their belly buttons clench and they came into each other hard.
  They stayed like that for a long time, trading small kisses and carresses. 
Closing her eyes Mihoshi nuzzled Kiyone's neck and said, "No regrets?"
  "Never again." Kiyone said and kissed the top of Mihoshi's head. "I love 
you."
  "Me too Kiyone."

The end

Author's note
  I kept getting requests for a sequel to Karaoke Night. Let's face it 
Mihoshi and Kiyone make a great couple. Feel free to comment at 
clayton_n@hotmail.com

