I don't own these characters or profit from them.  Keep in mind I do very 
few lemons and so far most of them have been fairly romantic. This one... 
well I'll try but this was a request from several of my fans so this is 
mostly sex, sex, more sex, and since I did do a lemon involving Tenchi and 
Ryoko last time... lesbian sex. But Ryoko and Tenchi will be there too. If 
you've read the other fics then you have the back-story, or if not I suggest 
you do so now. Also if you don't like sex or have a problem with certain 
kinds of sex feel free to skip those parts. Also before accusing me of being 
some pervert with a computer and a lot of free time read some of my other 
fics. I do try to do romance. But a girl I know going by Harjidt@aol.com 
asked me to use some of what she and her girlfriend do in a story and who am 
I to refuse the request of a lady?




Karaoke Night 3
By, Clayton Overstreet




  Kiyone and Mihoshi walked through the halls of the Galaxy Police 
Headquarters. Kiyone felt a thrill at seeing the bustling of thousands of 
paper pushing captains and administrators, then an almost equal sense of 
relief that she had so narrowly avoided becoming one of them. If it weren't 
for Mihoshi...
  The blond suddenly stopped and tugged at Kiyone's sleeve. "Take a look at 
who it is."
Kiyone looked and saw Mitsuki standing next to the hot beverage machine in 
the hallway. She was smiling in the same way she did whenever she heard 
Kiyone was in trouble. They hadn't seen her since they'd gone back to Earth.
  "Hey Mihoshi do you think we should?"
  "I don't know Kiyone, it's kind of mean don't you think?"
  Kiyone nodded and said, "You're right."
  "Then again," Mihoshi said absently. "She did try to kill us."
  "One... two..." They said together. "Mitsuki, tea now!"
  The redhead jumped, spilling whatever her drink was down the front of her 
uniform. "Ahhh!" A second later she was glaring at them. "Oh it's you two."
  "Hi Mitsuki, long time no see." Kiyone said absently.
  "I heard you two became the royal bodyguards for that half-breed that 
lives on Earth. Bit of a step down isn't it Kiyone?"
  "Oh it has its perks." She said, her eyes flicking to Kiyone.
  Mitsuki's eyebrows shot up and a nasty smile spread over her face. "So 
it's true. I'd always heard stories that you two were carpet lickers. What's 
wrong? Couldn't get a guy so you had to settle?"
  Kiyone answered her by punching her in the face. Mitsui let out a cry and 
fell back into the wall. "Mitsuki incase you forgot I still outrank you and 
so does Mihoshi."
  Mitsuki sneered and wiped the blood off her lip. "Well at least we know 
who the guy in the relationship is." With that she turned and walked away.
  Kiyone watched her go still angry. Suddenly she jumped, as Mihoshi put a 
hand on her shoulder. "Kiyone?"
  Her muscles relaxed and she turned to her partner. "Yes Mihoshi?"
  "Are you upset that she found out about..."
  "No!" Kiyone said sternly. She leaned forward and kissed Mihoshi on the 
cheek. "I just won't let anyone say I settled if they're talking about you."
  "I love you too Kiyone" Mihoshi said with a smile.
  "Come on, let's go make out report."

  Aeka walked out of Washu's lab with her emotions in turmoil. She'd thought 
that she could accept what she'd heard about... sex, and forget about it. 
But curiosity had gotten the better of her and she'd gone to Washu for 
answers. She'd always wonder where the scientist had gotten those videos of 
Tenchi and Ryoko or if she should tell them about it.
  Walking into her room she locked the door behind her and moved over to the 
full-length mirror in her closet. She looked herself over. What was it that 
attracted people to each other? What had she seen in Tenchi that had made 
her want him?
  Washu had said it was all clichés. It all amounted to what people thought 
was romantic. But what made it all worthwhile? Could there be pleasure in 
what they did?
  Looking from side to side out of habit she slowly slipped out of her robes 
and let them drop to the floor. Once more she examined herself in the 
mirror. Her breasts were average size, not nearly as large as Ryoko's. Her 
butt didn't quite curve outwards as much either. But her feet were 
definitely smaller, with cute pink toes and thin, but firm, legs. Her belly 
was smooth and as her eyes traveled up she couldn't see even one wrinkle. 
Ryoko had some around the eyes, which wasn't surprising considering her age 
and past life as a pirate.
  Aeka looked down again at her breasts. Washu had been in teacher mode and 
had been very thorough in her talk. She'd spent several minutes. Talking 
about the fun that someone could have with these.
  She brought a hand up and cupped her left breast. She'd always thought 
they felt a bit like leather water balloons. Now though they somehow seemed 
a bit more interesting. Even as her nipples hardened at the thought she 
reached out her thumb and rubbed into it.
  "Oh..." She said quietly as a shiver went down her spine. It had felt odd, 
but not unpleasant. She decided to experiment and took each nipple between 
her fingers and gently squeezed. Her eyes closed and she rode the small 
tingles that seemed to work their way to her lap.
  Suddenly her eyes snapped open as something warm and wet dripped down her 
leg. Looking down she wondered if she'd peed on herself, but then Washu's 
words came back. "'When exceptionally aroused a woman might begin to have 
small orgasms without even touching her vagina.'"
  Aeka reached down and wiped the drop up with her finger. She brought it up 
to her nose and sniffed. It was a musky smell, kind of like perfume. Curious 
again and slightly ashamed of herself she stuck her tongue out and tasted 
it. It wasn't that bad. Not bad at all really. She felt more flowing down 
her leg.
  In the videos Ryoko had seemed to enjoy sitting on Tenchi's... lap and 
moving her legs. That odd thing between his legs had slid into her easily 
enough. Aeka wanted to try that. Washu had explained about masturbation when 
she'd asked how Kiyone and Mihoshi could be a couple.
  Slowly sitting on the carpet Aeka stared down into the purple, pink, and 
red depths between her legs. Her clit was sticking into the air. It kind of 
looked like a smaller version of Tenchi's penis. Reaching down she pinched 
it like she had her nipples and moaned in sudden pleasure. It felt 
incredibly good and something about it seemed to make the fluids leaking out 
of her turn into a small river.
  She finally let go off it after a minute and ran her finger over the damp 
lips around the hole. Hadn't Washu said that this might hurt? That it could 
be very painful the first time? Then again Aeka had been hurt worse in her 
adventures with the others. What could be so bad?
  She quickly slid her finger in and clenched her teeth in the incredible 
pain as she pushed through the thin layer of skin inside. It did hurt, but 
not as much as she'd feared. In fact as her fingers... yes fingers she 
realized as she saw the second one slip in, began to feel even better than 
rubbing her clit. Aeka groaned and moaned as she felt around inside moving 
deeper and deeper. Her muscles tightened around her fingers and she let out 
a scream.
  Breathing heavily she stopped and looked between her legs. Her hand was 
wet and so was pretty much everything else. She brought it up to her face 
and slowly began licking it clean. As she did she felt a yearning from 
between her legs and brought her other hand down to her pussy. Rubbing it 
hard she slowly licked her fingers clean.

  Kiyone and Mihoshi groaned as they entered the spaceship. They both 
flopped down in their chairs and Mihoshi said, "I think my legs are going to 
fall off."
  "I told you we should have done the relationship forms at the house." 
Kiyone said. "But you wanted to goof off and sing instead so we had to 
report in person. You know how strict they are about keeping tabs on 
officers that date each other."
  "Like you were fighting it all the way to the karaoke bar?"
  Kiyone laughed and smiled at her. "On the plus side while we were standing 
there I thought about what we did to Mitsuki and got an... idea." The way 
she said it send a shiver down Mihoshi's spine. "If you're interested. I 
could have it set up in a little while if you wanted to go take a bath."
  "Sounds like fun." Mihoshi said. "I love surprises."
  Kiyone nodded and flopped down in her seat. "The only flaw in the plan is 
I don't think I can move."

  Ryoko smiled at Tenchi as she stood in front of the door. "Where are you 
going?"
  "Ryoko we should really go outside or something." Tenchi said. "It's not 
right to be in here listening to..."
  He was interrupted as another of Aeka's moans came through the wall. "Oh 
gods yes!"
  Ryoko's grin spread so that her fangs seemed to gleam in the light. 
"Actually I was thinking 'or something' Tenchi." Her hand flashed out and 
pressed into the front of his pants. "And so were you it seems. Should I be 
jealous?"
  "Ryoko you know that's not it. I can't help it." He said.
  Ryoko's grin spread and she pushed him back onto the bed. "Then it's a 
perfectly natural thing and nothing to be embarrassed about."
  "But Ryoko..." He said halfheartedly.
  She ignored him as she slowly began to undo his pants. "If you only knew 
how many nights I spent on the roof doing that...calling out your name for 
hours as my fingers worked deeper and deeper."
  "Actually you and I both traded stories about that. Several times," He 
added. But now his thoughts were clouded with hormones and the lustful 
sounds Ryoko and the walls were making. It took him a moment to realize his 
pants were around his ankles and that she was working on her dress.
  "Now Tenchi, that's not how we play this. I'm supposed to tell you all the 
naughty things I said and did then show them to you." She said as the 
clothes around her waist fell. She wasn't wearing anything under them.
  "I love you Ryoko." He said quietly.
  She smiled and nodded. "I know you do Tenchi. I know you do." Her sharp 
nails slit the front of her shirt open allowing her breasts to pop out. She 
didn't bother to remove it. "But if you could show me I would be grateful."
  She stood with her legs spread and reached out wrapping her steel hard 
nails and hands carefully around Tenchi's penis and listening to his 
breathing under Aeka's frantic cries. Ryoko held it in place as she slowly 
sat down and kissed Tenchi on the mouth, her tongue working its way down his 
throat like a snake. She grabbed his hands and pressed them roughly into the 
smooth flesh of her breasts and moaned into him as he squeezed hard. They 
both forgot about Aeka then.
  Ryoko began moving her hips in slow circles, allowing Tenchi to rub into 
the walls of her pussy. A fact Ryoko hadn't publicized was that her clit was 
not entirely the same as a human woman's. It slowly slid out several thin 
inches in a corkscrew pattern, wrapping and tugging at the base of Tenchi's 
dick and balls.
  Tenchi's tongue moved over Ryoko's and around it as he slowly massaged her 
breasts. Despite himself he also found himself listening to Aeka's cries. 
Then Ryoko came and screamed out. "Tenchi, ah! More!"

  In her room Aeka heard the scream and instantly froze in what she was 
doing. She could hear more coming from the wall. "Tenchi don't you dare 
stop. Deeper!"
  Aeka looked down embarrassed. They must have heard her. How would she ever 
live it down?
  But then she realized she was getting turned on again. In the back of her 
mind her imagination was showing her all the things she'd seen in Washu's 
lab and all the other things she could imagine them doing. Her hands moved 
as if they were alive and soon her cries mixed with Ryoko's.

  Sasami smiled as she pet the furry spot between her legs and looked up at 
Yosho and Noboyuki with a grin of pure joy.
  "Thanks for taking me to the zoo today." From her lap Ryo-oki meowed her 
agreement.
  Yosho nodded. "It was our pleasure Sasami."
  "Yeah, it's not like anything interesting was happening at home today 
anyway." Noboyuki added.
  They all nodded in agreement and turned back to watch the polar bears.

  Mihoshi smiled up at Kiyone as the green haired detective handcuffed her 
to the bed on Yagami. "This is new."
  "I thought you might like it." Kiyone said and winked at her as she 
shackled her feet apart. "Now just hold still for a minute." She pulled a 
case from one of the pillows and covered Mihoshi's head.
  "It's dark in here." Mihoshi said with a giggle.
  Kiyone remembered a joke she'd heard and mumbled, "Now don't start that 
again." She looked over Mihoshi's nude body and down at her own. It was now 
or never. "Mihoshi you promise you won't cheat no matter what?"
  "I told you I promise!" Came the reply. "Don't you believe me Kiyone?"
  "Yeah." She said and stepped out of the room.
  "Kiyone? Are you still here?" Mihoshi asked. She couldn't hear anyone else 
in the room or see anything. Actually she could have gotten loose in a 
second, but she trusted Kiyone implicitly.
  A soft footstep hit the floor by the bed just before something cold hit 
Mihoshi on the chest and made her squeal. She felt her nipples harder even 
before Kiyone kissed her. She tried to kiss back but Kiyone was suddenly not 
there any more.
  Kiyone smirked down at Mihoshi and the ice cube in her hand. As Mihoshi's 
body jerked at another drop of water she felt herself get wet. But now 
wasn't the time. She was going to take her time tonight.
  She pressed the cube to Mihoshi's neck and watched as goose bumps moved 
over the blonde's skin. Ignoring them for a moment she moved the ice down 
along the graceful neck and to her collarbone where the cold water was 
gathering. Mihoshi's back arched as it slid lower, drawing tightening 
circled around the rock hard pink nipples. Her breasts seemed to tighten and 
rise to meet it as it pressed into her flesh.
  Kiyone laughed in her evilest voice at Mihoshi's disappointed moan when 
the cube began moving down again. The tiny droplets spread behind the ice as 
she began to run it over Mihoshi's belly button. They glistened in the light 
and Kiyone stopped to admire her work.
  Mihoshi was straining against her chains now, her hips trying to rub 
together. With a small growl Kiyone slapped her on the thigh with a crack 
and snapped, "You promised."
  "I'm sorry Kiyone. I couldn't help it!" Mihoshi whined. "I want you so 
much. I want you to fuck me now, please!"
  Kiyone felt something much warmer than the ice dribble down her legs. "Oh 
Mihoshi I want to. But I... I want to finish this first. Can I?"
  "Anything Kiyone, anything. Just don't stop." Mihoshi whispered.
  Kiyone smiled and put the ice to her partner's skin again. She drew 
circles down to the golden fuzz between her legs and let the water drip 
between them mixing with the other fluid that was moving over Mihoshi's lap. 
But instead of putting it onto her pussy she moved it over the spot on her 
leg where Kiyone's handprint still looked red. It was all she could do to 
hold back as Mihoshi's legs moved a bit.
  Without warning she suddenly pushed it into the pink and red flesh of 
Mihoshi's pussy.
  "Ah! That's cold!" Mihoshi called out.
  Kiyone nodded and pushed in hard. Mihoshi's clit was sticking up in the 
air and Mihoshi's own wetness was dripping around it. She pushed it in just 
a little more until the vagina muscles tightened and sucked it in.
  Standing up and moving back to the top of the bed and the shivering 
Mihoshi, Kiyone tore off the pillowcase.
  Mihoshi looked up at Kiyone with pleading eyes, but she turned to face the 
other way. Kiyone placed her knees above Mihoshi's head and between her 
chained arms. As Mihoshi watched she leaned down so that her breasts hung in 
Mihoshi's face. Her tongue flicked over a nipple but she couldn't 
concentrate as Kiyone began licking down the path the ice had taken.
  Kiyone's tongue moved over the cold skin, licking all the water up. Goose 
bumps melted in her path as she pressed her teeth around Mihoshi's now red 
nipples.
  "Ah, Kiyone. It's... it's still cold. Ah..."
  Kiyone paid her no heed and continued her slow procession downwards. She 
came to the belly button and pressed her lips to it, sucking all the water 
out. Then she moved down to Mihoshi's pubic hair and sucked at that too. The 
smell of her musk began to kill her nose and mouth when she found herself at 
Mihoshi's pussy again.
  Mihoshi could feel herself trying to come but the ice cube was blocking 
it. Her juices were building up behind it when she felt Kiyone's warm tongue 
slide into her. It began licking in and out very fast, stopping only to 
occasionally nibble on her clit.
  Kiyone could feel the ice cube just at the tip of her tongue and she 
strained to reach it. Mihoshi's cum was squirting out behind it and she 
wanted all of it. She barely noticed at Mihoshi's hands slowly began to 
caress her butt.
  "You said you wouldn't... cheat." Kiyone said into her.
  "I'm not. My legs are still stuck." Mihoshi said. "But I think we both 
need this."
  "Yes." Kiyone said and began her work again.
  Mihoshi let her tongue drag over Kiyone's glistening crotch and pressed 
her face in between her cheeks. Her nose actually pressed into Kiyone's 
asshole as she began chewing on her pussy lips.
  Kiyone arched back and moaned around the ice in her mouth. "Oh that feels 
good. Please... don't stop there."
  "Here?" Mihoshi asked as she licked over Kiyone's clit. "Or here?" A 
finger suddenly pressed into her ass.
  "That feels weird." Kiyone said. She smiled and moved her hand between 
Mihoshi's legs. She pushed two of her fingers into Mihoshi's pussy and moved 
her head to look at the other hole. "I... I don't know if I should."
  "It's alright Kiyone. It's clean." Mihoshi said and rubbed harder.
  Kiyone closed her eyes and extended her tongue. It didn't get the bitter 
taste she'd expected. Instead it was like any other flesh. Mihoshi moaned 
behind her and sucked at her clit. Not waiting any more Kiyone moved her 
fingers and tongue over her partner and enjoyed the sensations coming from 
her own pussy and ass.
  They came again, together and took their time cleaning each other off. 
After a while Kiyone reached down beside the bed for the handcuff keys and 
let Mihoshi go. She lay there as her view of Mihoshi's crotch slid out from 
under her.
  "Are you done already?" Mihoshi asked.
  Kiyone blinked and smiled. Two tanned arms wrapped around her and pulled 
her back into Mihoshi's lap as equally tanned legs slid under her. She 
looked down and saw well-manicured nails wrap over her pale breasts and 
began playing with them.
  "Are you going to help?"
  Kiyone nodded and moved her hands between their legs. Each one began 
pawing at a different one of their pussies as she pushed back into Mihoshi's 
breasts, rubbing against her. The hands on her breasts squeezed harder, 
almost to the point of pain.
  Mihoshi squeezed her legs around Kiyone's hand and rubbed her thighs 
together. She leaned forward squishing her breasts into Kiyone's back and 
let her mouth find her partner's. Their tongues locked as they tasted each 
other and groaned in stereo. They both screamed as they came again and fell 
back onto the bed. Neither of them felt like moving.

  Washu smiled at the monitors in her lab. On the first she could see Aeka 
still busily pawing at herself. Ryoko and Tenchi had collapsed in a heap on 
the bed almost at the same time as Mihoshi and Kiyone. She'd never thought 
her Experiment would go this well. The right words and a nudge in the right 
places could be so useful. And Aeka actually coming in and asking about 
it... it didn't take a genius to know what would happen next.
  But Washu was feeling turned on herself now. She really enjoyed voyeurism, 
but sometimes it just wasn't enough. She needed more and she needed it now.
  With a snap of her fingers her clothes vanished and she stood up. Absently 
she reached into the drawer and grabbed something that was lost in the 
shadows. Reluctantly turning from the screen she walked to a small red door 
that appeared in the air and stepped through.
  "Welcome back." MechaWashu said seductively.
  She was laying in a pose that would make a professional pornographer sit 
up and beg. Her legs were spread wide and her arms worked over the red silk 
sheets of the bed. In her throat she made a low purring sound.
  Washu had found it impossible to completely remove all of the personality 
traits of Mihoshi and Ryo-oki from the robot, but hadn't wanted to throw her 
away. But since she couldn't be trusted to work in the lab Washu had found a 
new use for her. The program changes had been easy enough.
  Washu held up the orange double dildo she'd taken from her desk. "Thank 
you. Are you ready?"
  "Oh yes Washu. You know I am." She crawled on her knees over the sheets 
and to the edge, watching Washu carefully. "What do you want me to do this 
time?"
  Washu handed her the dildo and lay down on the bed. "Get that ready for 
me."
  MechaWashu took the rubber dick carefully and sat cross-legged at Washu's 
feet. With care she pressed it to her mouth. Washu watched as her double 
sucked at the tip using her tongue over the rubber. Saliva dripped down the 
length as she pulled it deeper into her mouth and throat.
  Washu felt herself come just from watching, but her eyes remained glued to 
the cyborg. MechaWashu couldn't choke so she simply pulled it all the way 
into her throat. Washu could see it pressing through as she swallowed at it 
greedily.
  Several minutes later MechaWashu pulled it carefully out and held it up 
for Washu's inspection. Half of the two-foot by 3 inch dildo was covered in 
dripping saliva. "Is this enough little Washu?"
  "Oh yes." Washu hissed. "Now put it in."
  "Me mistress?" MechaWashu asked hopefully. Her blue eyes and slightly 
cat-like voice made Washu's pussy muscles jump.
  "No, in me." Washu said. "Now. Shove it into my cunt."
  MechaWashu pouted prettily, then with a grin pushed it against Washu's 
pussy. The red headed scientist had never told the others where she'd gotten 
the nickname 'little Washu'. They all assumed it was because of her height. 
But it was actually because she had a very tight pussy.
  The tip of the wet dildo slipped into her, but it balked a little ways in. 
MechaWashu grinned and the sound of hydraulic hinges filled the room. She 
slowly forced it into Washu as the scientist squirmed on the bed.
  "Ah... it's so big!" Washu said. "Harder! Do it harder."
  MechaWashu complied and shoved it all the way in. Washu's pussy bled 
softly and she screamed in pleasure and pain. MechaWashu stuck out a finger 
to clear away the drop of blood and slowly licked it up.
  Washu slowly propped up on her elbows and smiled at MechaWashu in a way 
that would have made anyone else freeze in terror. "Now what shall I do with 
you? Will you tell me?"
  "Please Mistress!" MechaWashu said and yowled like a cat. "Please do it."
  "Do what exactly?" Washu asked casually as she scooted slowly closer to 
her. "You have to tell me what you want me to do." She'd almost ruined her 
machines when Mihoshi had asked Kiyone to fuck her. She wanted to hear more. 
"I want to hear all those nasty little words."
  MechaWashu blushed and looked down. "I... I don't know if I can say them. 
Mihoshi's personality is..."
  "But I can't do them if you don't say it." Washu said. "And I want to do 
it."
  The robot nodded and smiled at her. "Please Washu, fuck me now. I want to 
hump me and suck my tits."
  "Good girl. Do you want to prepare this too?" She moved her hips up and 
showed off the dry end of the dildo.
  "No Mistress." MechaWashu said as she eyed it. "I want it in me like that. 
I want it to grind in."
  Washu nodded and watched as MechaWashu's legs spread in readiness. She 
scooted down again, enjoying the feel of the wet rubber inside of her. She 
moved onto her side and slid one leg under the doppelganger's butt. 
MechaWashu whimpered and waited.
  Washu moved forward a bit and watched as she traced the tip all around a 
pussy that in every detail matched her own. It was just as tight and as she 
pushed in and her end rewarded her by pressing in just a bit more.
  "Oh yes." Washu said over the cyborg's purrs and yowls. "Such a naughty 
robot you are. What should I do with you?"
  "Fuck me harder." The robot said. She reached down, grabbed it, and shoved 
it in. There was a squeal like skidding tires. "I need more."
  Washu felt her end get pulled out a little as her muscles clenched in an 
effort to hold on. She always enjoyed the surprises MechaWashu came up with. 
If she'd managed to just imprint her own personality they would have simply 
made the same moves at the same time. But the two other personalities mixed 
with hers in the cyborg's mainframe added all sorts of little differences. 
She analyzed it even as she felt her opposite's hips jerk as she was trying 
to pull back again.
  "Ah... so nasty." She moaned. "What other things will you do?"
  MechaWashu's eyes glittered and Washu heard a mechanical sound just before 
the dildo inside her began to vibrate. Looking down she saw MechaWashu's 
hips and legs shaking with such incredible speed that the dildo was buzzing 
as it rubbed inside. But that wasn't all.
  The upper half of MechaWashu's body moved up with another hydraulic sound 
until she was crouching over Washu's shaking body.
  "I will make you cum." The robot said. "Until you can't feel your legs. I 
will make your pussy hurt for a month."
  Washu closed her eyes. "Do whatever you want." Then she hissed as 
MechaWashu's nails dug into her arms.
  Above her the robot's torso pushed down and chewed softly on her neck. 
Between her legs the vibrations had gotten so intense she was going numb as 
her pussy hung on tightly. Her body was bent at odd angles and her back was 
beginning to hurt too. Peeking out she saw MechaWashu lapping up the drops 
of blood leaking from beneath her nails.
  Washu felt her weary muscles clamp down on the dildo and she cried out. 
MechaWashu slowly stopped vibrating and let her go. Washu lay there totally 
still as her double slid off and pulled the dildo out of her.
  "Will that be all?" MechaWashu asked.
  Washu shook her head lazily. "No. Clean me off first and massage me for a 
while."
  "Should I heal your cuts?"
  "Not now. I will handle it later." She said.
  Without looking she waited until she felt MechaWashu's tongue carefully 
lapping at the edges and sides of her abused vagina. Small slurping sounds 
followed as mechanical fingers gently massaged the muscles around it. She 
came again and glanced down to see the juices dripping over MechaWashu's 
face.
  MechaWashu's tongue slid out to almost a foot in length and licked her 
face clean while Washu watched.  Then it moved down like a monkey's tail and 
lapped at Washu's crotch.
  Almost an hour later Washu gave the robot permission to go recharge her 
power pack. Lying on the soft sheets she sent a mental command to some of 
her devices and the small cuts and bruises all over her healed up. Her pussy 
became tight again and she nuzzled against a pillow.
  Then a sound caught her ears. She remembered that she'd left the monitors 
on in her lab. Aeka's groans were getting louder again. Ryoko and Tenchi 
could be heard going at it again as well. Then finally Kiyone's familiar 
moans came to her ears.
  "Don't they ever stop?" Washu asked desperately as parts of her body reset 
themselves and she felt the hormones kick in again. "Well if it's a race 
they want..." With a grin she spread her legs and waited for MechaWashu's 
return.

The end


Author's Note

  Well? Okay some of it got a bit odd. But then again since you're here I 
assume you read most of it and have managed to clean off your computer 
screen. So what did you think? I do a lot of research before writing 
anything so I can guarantee that people actually do this stuff. So tell me 
what you thought at clayton_n@hotmail.com or fanficauthor2002@yahoo.com I 
almost added a scene where they had to arrest someone and Mihoshi had mixed 
the regular handcuffs up with some fuzzy pink ones, but that would be going 
too far yes?
