I don't own these characters and didn't make any money off
of them. Warning: this story contains a relationship between 
two women. If you have a problem with that... then what are
you doing reading this? Go seek professional help before it's
too late. For the rest of you, sit back and enjoy.


Karaoke night
By, Clayton Overstreet

  Mihoshi tugged on Kiyone's arm as they walked down the
street. "Come on Kiyone. We live at Tenchi's place now so 
we have a little extra money. We should enjoy it." 
  Kiyone shook her head. "I don't know Mihoshi. I mean I know 
it's fun and everything, but don't you think we should work on 
some case files or something?" 
  Mihoshi stopped and looked Kiyone right in the eye. "Don't 
you always say we're stuck in a backwater part of the universe? 
I mean we gave up the main office to live here. What have 
we got to loose?"    
  Kiyone bit her lip. For the life of her she couldn't figure out why 
she had given up her promotion to come back here with Mihoshi. 
  Finally she sighed and let Mihoshi lead her into the karaoke 
bar. Once inside the booth though she cheered up considerably. 
Despite the fact that it seemed useless and silly Kiyone really 
enjoyed singing. They started off taking turns singing songs like 
'Lonely Moon' and 'Dimension of love'. But their scores always got 
so low when they sang alone. Kiyone always was a little embarrassed 
about singing with Mihoshi, but once they got started she just seemed 
to zone out and go with it. It felt really good. And their scores together 
were on the wall of the bar as the best ever. But something about that 
creeped her out. She wasn't sure why, but being so happy while singing 
with Mihoshi made her feel... weird. 
  Kiyone and Mihoshi finished singing the last song of the night 
and she noticed her arm was linked with Mihoshi's. How did that
happen? She quickly took her arm back and blushed. "Can we
sing one more together Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked. 
  Kiyone actually considered it but not knowing why she had done it made 
her really nervous. "No... No we've been here too long already. I think we 
should go home." 
  Mihoshi pouted, but then she saw the look on Kiyone's 
face and yawned, "I guess you're right Kiyone."
She turned and walked out ahead of the green haired police 
officer. Kiyone was amazed. Usually Mihoshi would whine and 
beg until they spent every cent and were forcibly removed by the
management. It was very unusual for her to just give up like this.
  She suddenly realized that Mihoshi had left without her. She ran
out and caught up with Mihoshi on the street outside. "Hey Mihoshi are you 
feeling alright?" 
  She looked back at Kiyone as if she was surprised she was still there. "Why do 
you ask Kiyone?"
  Kiyone looked at her, "Because you just left. Usually you get us dragged out." 
  Mihoshi smiled slightly. "Well it was obvious you wanted to leave and it 
wouldn't have been any fun if you didn't want to do it so why not?" Kiyone bit 
her lip as they walked thinking about what had happened in there. It wasn't the 
first time she had taken Mihoshi's hands while they sang. As they walked Mihoshi 
kept glancing at Kiyone out of the corner of her eye. She never could understand 
why her partner always got so upset about everything. Not just her of course, 
but she was the main one. It was always a wonder to her that when people liked 
something sometimes they felt guilty about it. She knew that if you did 
something wrong you felt bad, but if you 
have fun and nobody is hurt then what was the problem? And
Kiyone seemed to feel that way about everything. Whenever they
sang, ate good tasting food, or even just laying by the pool. 
Kiyone always found a way to feel bad about it. In fact Mihoshi
was pretty sure that the main reason Kiyone yelled at her so much
was because she had too much fun with her. Watching her do 
that to herself made Mihoshi feel like cheering her up whether
she wanted to or not. Which was why she was always dragging
Kiyone around. 
  When they got home Tenchi and Sasami greeted them. "Hi, how
was the bar tonight guys?" 
  Kiyone blushed and mumbled something about it being alright, but Mihoshi shot 
forward. "Oh it was so much fun. And Kiyone was so relaxed. I tell you Tenchi 
when we sing together she's like a whole different person." He looked at Kiyone 
who was busy looking anywhere else and blushing. 
  Tenchi took the hint and decided to end it, "Well don't change too much 
Kiyone." He turned and sat down on the couch next to Ryoko. Since they had all 
returned Tenchi had been spending a lot more time with the former space pirate. 
Kiyone understood something about him promising to take a trip with her once he 
was finished with school. 
  Kiyone sat down in a chair and Mihoshi sat on the other end of
the couch. "Where is princess Aeka?" Tenchi looked up and
shrugged. 
  "Last time I saw her she was fighting with Ryoko." He turned to the space 
pirate. "Do you know where she is?" 
  Ryoko's eyes widened. "Oops, I forgot!" She teleported away and came back a 
few minutes later carrying a shivering Aeka. 
  Aeka turned and yelled at Ryoko, "How could you just leave me up there you 
pirate?" Ryoko tried to apologize but the princess
just turned and walked away. 
  Tenchi looked at Ryoko suspiciously. She held up her hand. "It's not like that 
Tenchi. She slapped me so I kind of grabbed her and put her on the top limb of a 
tree. I was going to get her down but we started watching the television and..." 
  Tenchi just shook his head. "Ryoko next time at least put her where she can 
get back safely alright?" Ryoko nodded and smiled. 
  Aeka however had come back down the stairs. "Lord Tenchi
I can't believe that  you would allow her to do that to me. I am a
princess after all and should not be treated like this." 
  Tenchi looked up at her. "Then stop hitting her." 
  Aeka frowned more and snapped, "Well then tell her to respect me. Ever since 
you started being so nice to her she keeps trying to make me jealous even more 
than usual." 
  Ryoko growled. "That isn't true. I was talking to Ryo-oki about what I plan to 
do with Tenchi once I get him alone and you came around the corner screaming 
that it was totally inappropriate and that Tenchi wouldn't do anything like that 
with me." 
  Aeka's face turned red. "it was inappropriate. The acts you were describing... 
it was disgusting. No member of the royal family would ever do anything like 
that. And your claim that that is where babies come from is just ridiculous. 
Everyone knows that babies are made in heaven and left in the limbs of a Juraian 
tree." 
  Everyone looked at her in shock. Then Ryoko began to snicker.
Kiyone and Mihoshi let out tiny laughs and Sasami in the kitchen
could be heard giggling. Aeka looked at everyone in shock and
asked, "What? What's so funny?" Ryoko and the others couldn't
hold it in anymore. While Tenchi stood there quietly blushing the
others burst out laughing. Ryoko was rolling on the floor. "She
doesn't know! HAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHA." 
  Aeka gasped. "No... no. Lord Tenchi is what Ryoko described actually how 
babies are made?" Tenchi looked down at Ryoko. "I don't know. I'd have to know 
what she said." Ryoko grinned evilly and took her chance when she saw it and 
just as Tenchi realized what he'd done. She jumped up and whispered into his 
ear. With every 
word his face turned a new shade of red and a drop of blood fell
from his nose. 
  Aeka stood there and waited, "Well?" After what seemed like ten minutes Ryoko 
backed off. She had added a few things while she had him but had also made sure 
that what the princess had head was there. Tenchi managed to stutter for a 
minute and said, "Well...well most of it yeah... some of it I guess isn't 
strictly required but..."
  Mihoshi and Kiyone ran up the stairs before they heard Aeka's scream of 
disgust. Mihoshi dived into her bed while Kiyone slammed the door against the 
string of curses and sounds of pure hatred coming from downstairs. Kiyone sighed 
and lay down on  the bed. Then she looked at Mihoshi who looked back and they 
both started laughing again. Mihoshi got up and opened the door for a second. 
"... and further more I think that the very idea of doing something so vile is 
just..." 
  She closed it again and looked back at Kiyone. "Well it looks like they'll be 
at it for a while. I guess we'll just have to find something to talk about since 
it's too early to go to bed." Kiyone raised an eyebrow and asked her, "And since 
when has that ever stopped you?"
  Mihoshi blushed and sat down on her bed. "There is nothing 
wrong with taking a nice nap in the sun." 
  Kiyone looked at her and said, "There is when we could be getting some work 
done." Mihoshi rolled her eyes. "Is that all you ever think about?" 
  Kiyone looked at her. "What else is worth the time?" Mihoshi looked at Kiyone 
like she was crazy. "Try relaxing sometime. I mean gosh Kiyone every time you 
find something you like you act all guilty about it just because it isn't work." 
Kiyone tried to think of a response but couldn't. It was all true. Mihoshi 
nodded, "If it weren't for me you'd probably kill yourself working." 
  Kiyone looked back, "And if it weren't for me you wouldn't get any work done." 
  Mihoshi grinned and nodded. "That's why we make such a great team. And if you 
just stopped blaming me for everything that goes wrong we could probably get a 
lot closer." 
  Kiyone blushed at the phrasing of Mihoshi's words. "I don't blame you for 
everything. And most of the time you do something I yell
at you for. Like when you blew up the engines, or when you 
plowed me down with the power suit. So don't go making it 
sound like I'm not justified." 
  Mihoshi looked down at her lap. "Well what about all those 
times you said it was my fault we weren't promoted? Or the times
you called me your bad luck charm like I was the one that made
your gun misfire or that you forgot to do a maintenance check on
the engines in the first place. I wasn't even awake them. How 
could I have possibly have been the reason for that?" 
 Kiyone blushed. She didn't want to admit that she had been watching 
Mihoshi sleep. "Ok, you're right. I do blame you too much and
I'm sorry alright?" She lay back suddenly on her bed and they 
were both quiet for a minute listening to the sounds of Aeka's
yelling from downstairs. 
  Finally Mihoshi just decided to change the subject. "So how long
do you suppose Aeka can keep this up?" 
  Kiyone smirked and shrugged. "I don't know. But considering how she took it 
she 
could be yelling like this forever. And when Tenchi and Ryoko
go on their trip she'll most likely yell a lot more when they get 
back." Mihoshi grabbed two hunks of her hair in her hands and
pulled them down in an impersonation of Aeka's pony tales.
"'That's right because it's improper for that pirate to be alone with
him in the middle of space.'" Kiyone laughed. "That's pretty good
Mihoshi." Mihoshi laughed too. "Now you do one." Without 
thinking Kiyone pulled her hair up in her hand. "'Well that shows
what you know princess.'" They laughed again. Finally they lay
down again.
  "Oh that was fun Kiyone." Kiyone nodded agreement. "Yeah."
Mihoshi closed her eyes for a moment enjoying the memory of 
Kiyone's laugh. Suddenly there was a beeping sound. Mihoshi 
peeked out of her eye lid and saw Kiyone going over some police
reports on her wrist computer. Mihoshi sighed, "Kiyone..." She
looked up from her wrist at Mihoshi. "What?"



  The next week Washu stopped by their room before they left 
for the karaoke bar again. "Could you two do me a favor? I was
curious about the social structure of this planet so I was hoping 
you could videotape it for me." Kiyone was trying to think of a
polite way to turn her down when Mihoshi piped up that she 
would be glad to. Washu handed her the camera and left. 
Kiyone looked at her angrily. "Mihoshi why did you agree to do
that?" Mihoshi looked at her and shrugged. "We're going to be 
there anyway. Besides maybe she'll let us have a copy." Kiyone
sighed. "Fine, let's just go and get this over with."
  When they got home that night it was quite similar to the other
night. Tenchi and Ryoko greeted them, Aeka was sitting in the
chair and Sasami was on the couch. Mihoshi and Kiyone went to
Washu's door and knocked. Washu opened it. "Oh, thanks 
guys." She took the camera. "Hey Washu, can we have a copy
of that?" Mihoshi asked. The scientist looked up and shrugged. 
"Sure, no problem. Just hold on a second." She ducked back 
inside and came back a few minutes later holding the tape. "Here
you go. I just downloaded it into my computer." Mihoshi took the
tape and they left. 
  Tenchi looked at the tape in Mihoshi's hands. "Do you two want
to put that in the VCR?" Mihoshi shook her head. "No Tenchi, 
I'll wait until tomorrow. I'm a little tired and I think Kiyone will
probably want to do some work before she goes to sleep." She
walked up the stairs totally unaware of Kiyone staring after her.
Kiyone meanwhile was shocked. On the walk home all Mihoshi
had talked about was getting a copy of the tape. Kiyone had 
simply kept quiet.
  When she got up to her room Mihoshi was laying in her bed fast
asleep. She sat down on her bed and reached for her wrist to go
over some reports. But suddenly she stopped and looked at 
Mihoshi again, laying there so peacefully. She put her wrist down
and sighed. She didn't want to work right then. Kiyone really
wished she could be as carefree as Mihoshi always seemed to be.
After a while she closed her eyes and joined her partner in sleep.
  The next day however, she was woken up by Mihoshi shaking 
her. "Come on Kiyone. Everyone else is out of the house and I 
want to see the video." Kiyone sighed and rolled over. "Why? 
You were there last night. So was I. So why do we need to 
watch ourselves?" Mihoshi just smiled and tried to pull her out of
the bed. Kiyone gave in and got up." They went downstairs and
found some cereal. "How did we sleep in this late Mihoshi?" The
blond just shrugged. 
  Once they were done eating Kiyone flopped down on the couch
and Mihoshi ran to plug the tape in. Then she sat down next to 
Kiyone and hit the play button on the remote.
  "Mihoshi will you get that camera out of my face?" Kiyone 
yelled. The camera panned to the left showing the street and
showed some cars and people walking down the sidewalk. After
a while they arrived at the bar. Kiyone was seen sitting at the bar
for a drink and the camera was set down by her arm. "I'll have
a cider." Kiyone said. Mihoshi could be heard ordering a Shirley
Temple. "Mmm, this is good. You should try it Kiyone." The glass
passed by the camera lens. "No thanks Mihoshi, I'll stick with 
my drink." 
  After a while Mihoshi talked Kiyone into going to the karaoke 
booth. Mihoshi videotaped Kiyone singing. On the couch Kiyone
frowned. She knew her scores were bad, but hearing herself sing
like that was just too much. Next Mihoshi went up. Her singing 
wasn't much better. Mihoshi walked back after her song and 
looked right in the camera. "Come on Kiyone, let's just set it
down here and sing a few together." The camera shook as they
set it down. Then they both walked up and began to sing. 
  On the couch Kiyone stared ahead in rapt awe. The sounds that
came over her ears were what first caught her attention, but that
wasn't it. On the screen Kiyone's fingers intertwined with 
Mihoshi's and they looked directly into each other's eyes. Kiyone
remembered every moment of it, but somehow seeing like this 
was different. As the Kiyone and Mihoshi on the screen sang they
kept getting closer and closer. Kiyone tried to convince herself 
that it was just because that was how people who sang did these
things, but they were way to close for that. Next to her on the 
couch Mihoshi said, "Wow Kiyone. You were so beautiful. And
the way you were singing was just great." Kiyone just stared at
the screen. 
  Finally the tape ran out just as they finished their last song and 
had pushed their chests together. It started to rewind itself. From
beside her Mihoshi turned and smiled. "Hey Kiyone, what did 
you think?" Kiyone turned and looked at Mihoshi. She saw how
close the other detective's face was to her. Without thinking 
Kiyone jumped up and ran out the door. "Kiyone? Kiyone where
are you going?" Mihoshi called after her.
  Kiyone ran off into the forest. The sunlight streamed through the
leaves of the trees onto her face. Tears started falling and caught
the light. "No, it... it can't be..." She whispered over and over 
again as she ran. Suddenly she stopped and leaned back against
a tree. Sinking to the ground she let her head lay on her knees.
Sobbing quietly she said to herself, "It isn't true..." 

  Back at the house Mihoshi sat on the couch looking out the 
window in the direction Kiyone had run. She couldn't figure out
what was so upsetting about the tape. After all she had been there
when the tape was shot. All Mihoshi had said was that she 
thought Kiyone looked beautiful and asked what she thought about
the whole thing. Then she had just... run away. Suddenly 
Mihoshi's eyes lit up. If Kiyone was embarrassed and felt guilty...
then that meant she must really like her! Mihoshi giggled and 
hugged a couch cushion. Blushing she bit her lip and curled up.
  Sasami watched her from the kitchen and so did Ryo-oki sitting
on Sasami's head. "What do you suppose happened to her?" The
cabbit meowed. "Really? Constipation huh? I don't know, maybe 
we should ask her." Ryo-oki meowed again and shook her head.
"No I guess your right. Whatever it is it's her business. And 
Aeka always says a princess doesn't gossip. Of course she 
gossips all the time but still..." She turned back and started 
making lunch. "Maybe after she eats she'll feel like telling us what's
going on." 
  When lunchtime rolled around however Mihoshi was unusually
quiet. Tenchi sat in the middle of his side of the table as always 
with Ryoko and Aeka on either side. Lately however Ryoko 
had been sitting just a little bit closer and Aeka was just as far 
away. Yosho sat on the other side with Mihoshi while Washu was
at one of the heads. Sasami was across from her. "So Mihoshi,
where is Kiyone?" Tenchi asked. Mihoshi just smiled to herself
and shrugged. Washu was watching her very closely for some
reason. "But Mihoshi, you must have some idea why she isn't here
right?" Washu prodded. Mihoshi looked up at Washu and got the
same blank look she always got. Washu sighed and thought, 'So
much for my fun.' She sat back and ate listening to the others talk,
or in Aeka and Ryoko's case argue. 
  After lunch Tenchi left to go out to the field while Aeka, 
Ryoko, and Sasami sat down to watch soap operas. Yosho went
back to the shrine and Mihoshi went out to the porch to sleep in
the sun. Washu was back in her lab and was watching everyone 
else. Ryo-oki jumped onto the couch with Sasami. .


  So what are you so afraid of? Asked a voice at the back of her mind. Kiyone 
looked up. "I don't know!" Well why don't you think about it for a second. 
Kiyone bit her lip and leaned back against the tree trunk. "It just doesn't feel 
right ok?" Are you sure about that? Kiyone bit her lip. Maybe it's that it does 
feel right and you just refuse to admit it. "Why would I be in... with Mihoshi." 
Be in what? Kiyone banged her head against the tree again. "I'm not going to say 
it!" Say what? Kiyone kicked a rock away from her foot. "Look, I'm not in love 
with Mihoshi." Then what are you doing out here?
  She hit the ground with her fist. "Well if you're so smart what do you think?" 
Well then why 'don't' you love her? "Because she's a ditz, she causes me a lot 
of useless trouble, and if it weren't for her I'd be back at the main office 
right now." Would you buy that if you were me... which you are. "No, I guess 
not. I mean I didn't have to come back here." That's what I thought. And you 
already admitted that you blame her for too much. So what's your excuse now? 
Kiyone sat there quietly for a while. "Can we move onto a new question now?" Ok, 
so what would your life be like without her?
  Kiyone grinned. "That's an easy one. Sane!" Ha, very funny. Lets picture it 
shall we? The image of Kiyone working at her desk appeared. People coming and 
going all around her. They asked her to go out, but she was too busy. Her days 
off people asking her to come check out the new karaoke bar. No, need to catch 
up on my work. See? Without Mihoshi around you'd just work all the time. And how 
long would you stay sane with that? The image of her in a straight jacket 
mumbling about needing to get to work shot through her mind. "Fine, but why her? 
Why not some cute guy?" The voice was quiet.
  "Ha, knew that one would stump you." She said. Of course, if you don't know 
how am I supposed to? Kiyone shrugged and sighed.
"In that case why don't you do something constructive?" Hey these are your 
thoughts. "In that case why am I trying to hook me up with Mihoshi?" Because you 
love her. "No I..." She stopped again and looked out into the woods. "Ok, what 
if I do? It would still be weird and she probably doesn't feel like that anyway. 
I mean look at her. She's probably got a ton of guys whenever she goes out." In 
that case why does she spend all her time with you?
Kiyone looked back towards the house. Besides, didn't she say you were 
beautiful? 
  Kiyone smiled and blushed a bit at that last thought, then she frowned and 
shook her head. "No. That was nothing." But doubts began eating away at her. 
What if it wasn't nothing? You only focused on your own face when you watched 
the tape. What did you see in her eyes? "Nothing, just that same dopey 
expression I see every time she looks at me." The same expression you saw on 
your face when you two sang. "No... well yeah I guess." She screamed and threw a 
hand full of dirt. "When did life get so slagging complicated?" Nobody answered. 
  Looking up at the leaves above her she thought about Mihoshi. She thought 
about the blond detectives face, the way that one strand of hair was always 
getting caught in her eyelashes, the way she laughed when she was watching her 
cartoons. How she would twirl her feet when she was listening to music. 
  How the heck did Tenchi handle this? These feelings in her were too confusing. 
Always before she could figure out what she was feeling and why. But now she 
felt so helpless. And the thought of actually kissing Mihoshi was just... whoa! 
Where the hell did that one come from? Her kissing Mihoshi. No way would that 
ever happen... would it? The idea sent a chill down her spine. She had to talk 
with Mihoshi. If she could only figure out some way to get her partner to tell 
her how she felt before she said anything.
  
  Kiyone got home just before sunset. Tenchi was already there and was sitting 
with Ryoko discussing their trip. Aeka was reading a romance novel. Noboyuki had 
just gotten home from work and was coming down the stairs. Sasami called 
everyone for dinner and Mihoshi shot down the stairs past him. Kiyone looked up 
when she saw Mihoshi but suddenly looked down and blushed. 
  Mihoshi bit her lip excitedly and sat down at the table. Once everyone was 
seated and eating she sat quietly and looked down at her plate. Tenchi was 
telling everyone, "The carrots are almost ready. And I graduate next week too." 
Ryoko grinned and hugged him tightly. "And then we get to go on our honeymoon 
don't we Tenchi dear." Tenchi blushed and Aeka shivered. She still hadn't gotten 
used to the idea that babies weren't left in trees by the goddess. And of course 
once they were alone Sasami had shocked her by saying that she had known all 
along how babies were made. 
  "So Kiyone,  where were you all day? We missed you at lunch."
Tenchi asked. "Are you feeling alright?" Kiyone nodded and took a bite of her 
food. I'm fine Tenchi, I just needed to think about some things." Tenchi smiled 
and nodded. Sasami smiled and looked at her. "Hey Kiyone, I heard you and 
Mihoshi playing that tape before you left. When you two sing together it sounds 
really good." Kiyone blushed and tried to think of a response. Washu stepped in. 
"I saw that too. Thanks again for getting that for me." Kiyone mentally kicked 
herself. If she had known what was going to be on that tape she would never have 
let Washu anywhere near it. "But aside from that there wasn't anything really 
remarkable about it." Kiyone's eyes shot up and looked at Washu who gave her a 
wink. Tenchi was looking at Ryoko and she was looking back at him. Everyone else 
was talking about something or other so that only Kiyone saw the wink. She bit 
her lip and nodded gratefully. 
  Unfortunately Washu had just been confirming her suspicions and decided to 
tease her. "By the way, I was going over the mind date from the first mechanical 
Washu and found some interesting things. You'd be amazed at the way Mihoshi sees 
some people." Despite herself Kiyone's interest was peeked. She was listening 
intently to what Washu was about to say. "Washu that's not right. If Mihoshi 
wanted to tell us what she thinks of us that's up to her." 
Mihoshi looked up at Washu. "What do I think of everyone?" Washu and the others 
moaned. Kiyone however wanted to head Washu off before she said something that 
Kiyone might regret. "You already know what you think Mihoshi." Mihoshi bit her 
lip. "Oh." 
  Washu grinned. "Well I was just going to say she's a lot smarter than we give 
her credit for. In fact if I didn't know better, I'd swear she used that airhead 
attitude to manipulate us. Like right now for example. I'd almost think there 
was something she wanted me to tell someone so she wouldn't have too." Mihoshi 
blushed and looked down at her plate exactly as Kiyone had done. "Now Washu, how 
could I possibly manipulate anyone?" Washu was about to respond when Tenchi put 
his hand up. "Enough Washu, teasing her " Washu pouted and took a bite of her 
food. 
  Kiyone however had noticed that Mihoshi was avoiding looking at her all of a 
sudden. She knew that the blond wasn't THAT air headed. Had even been in special 
operations before being assigned to be Kiyone's problem. But the thought that 
she used her innocent comments to manipulate a situation... No way. 

  Once they were in their room Kiyone sat on her bed looking at the wall. She 
didn't even try to get any work started. Mihoshi noticed this and watched her 
for a while. "Kiyone are you alright? You ran out of the house this morning 
before answering my question." Kiyone looked up at her and blushed again. "Um... 
what question Mihoshi?" Mihoshi grinned. "I asked what you thought of the tape 
of us singing." Kiyone's blush deepened. I have to get this over or my node will 
start bleeding like Tenchi's does, she thought to herself. "Well, I ... I mean 
it was... it got me thinking." Mihoshi's grin got just a bit bigger. "Oh? And 
what exactly were you thinking about?" Kiyone's jaw dropped in shock. 
  "I don't believe it! She was right and you do it!" Mihoshi tried to look empty 
headed and innocent. "What do you mean Kiyone?" Kiyone jumped up from her bed 
and pointed a finger right at her face. "See! You're doing it again. You're 
trying to find out what I think by asking little questions!" Mihoshi's eyes got 
real big and she shook her head softly. "Now what would make you say something 
like that?" Kiyone was too caught up to realize she was being tricked, "Because 
that's what I was planning to...I mean um..." She sat back on her bed her face 
completely red. 
  Mihoshi bit her lip and giggled. "And what exactly were you planning Kiyone?" 
Kiyone closed her eyes and shook her head. No way was this happening. Maybe she 
was misreading things. Maybe Mihoshi's questions were completely innocent. There 
was only one way to find out. Taking a deep breath she looked at Mihoshi. "What 
do you think I was planning?" Mihoshi grinned and blushed. A small giggle 
escaped her lips, "It wouldn't be polite to second guess someone." 
  Kiyone sat there quietly for a while thinking. "So Mihoshi... you never did 
tell me. Ever have a boyfriend?" Mihoshi nodded but didn't stop smiling. "A long 
time ago when I was in school. But I didn't really get along with him. I've 
got... other interests now." She giggled again. "How about you Kiyone?" Kiyone 
blushed and shook her head. "Uh... no. Too busy I guess." Mihoshi looked at her 
closely and smiled at her. "Well there must be someone you like..." Kiyone 
rolled over and looked at the wall. "Maybe... Oh would you look at the time. I 
need to get to sleep." She pulled the covers over her head. "But Kiyone, you're 
still in your clothes." Kiyone covered her head. "Uh... that way I'm ready in 
the morning. Good night Mihoshi." 
  Mihoshi pouted. "Good night Kiyone. I guess I'll just change my clothes and go 
to bed if you are." She got up and took off her shirt. Kiyone had her head under 
the blankets. She had seen Mihoshi change before, why did this time feel so 
different? She peeked out from under the blanket. Mihoshi's back was to her and 
she was busy undoing her bra. Kiyone watched her for a second. Suddenly Mihoshi 
glanced back at her and she covered her head up again. Mihoshi smiled and 
giggled slightly. Then she frowned. What if she really doesn't like me? Maybe 
she just acts that way when we sing because she likes singing. 
  Quietly and quickly Mihoshi put her nightclothes on and got into bed. She lay 
on her side looking towards the blob under Kiyone's blanket. Finally after a 
long time she closed her eyes and went to sleep. Once she heard Mihoshi's 
snoring Kiyone poked her head out from under the blanket. She watched Mihoshi 
asleep in the bed in front of her. She hadn't actually clarified anything. 
Mihoshi could have been dancing around her questions or she could have just been 
acting like herself. All she'd really done was make herself feel embarrassed.
  Wait, that wasn't entirely true. She had found out that Mihoshi didn't 
actually have a boyfriend. She smiled and shook her head in self-amazement. How 
had she gone from total denial to actually planning on ways to find out if she 
could be part of Mihoshi's love life? She shook her head. It didn't matter, it 
had happened. Now she just had to keep from embarrassing herself. If she were 
wrong about Mihoshi she would just make her partner feel uncomfortable around 
her. Now Kiyone knew a little about what Tenchi must have been going through. 
She really should apologize for teasing him so much.
  She watched Mihoshi breath for a while and smiled. She seemed so peaceful and 
cute laying there. Cute? She wanted to dismiss the thought but couldn't. It was 
absolutely true in her opinion and she had to admit it. She was attracted to 
Mihoshi. She smiled and closed her eyes. Then, she too drifted off into sleep. 
That night Mihoshi's face danced at the edge of her dreams.

  The next morning Mihoshi woke up to the smell of Sasami's cooking coming from 
downstairs. Slowly she opened her eyes and saw Kiyone changing her clothes. She 
grinned and as Kiyone slipped her new shirt on said, "I thought you said you 
were sleeping in your clothes so you'd be ready in the morning."
Kiyone jumped and looked down at her. She took a deep breath and managed a 
smiled. "Oh... I just... changed my mind. Come on or we'll be late for 
breakfast." She ran downstairs leaving Mihoshi to get dressed. Mihoshi sighed 
and climbed out of bed. Then she got an idea. Tenchi used to run away from Ryoko 
like that. But then again he acted that way when Aeka was around too. Feeling 
sad she went to her dresser and got some clothes.
  Downstairs Kiyone picked up her plate from Sasami and headed towards the 
table. "Kiyone?" Kiyone stopped and smiled at Sasami. "Yes?" Sasami looked up at 
her. "I know you said you were alright and everything, but you've been really 
quiet lately." She looked down that the little princess. Sasami always seemed to 
be able to tell when something wasn't right. "It's just something I'm working on 
Sasami." Sasami nodded then just as Kiyone turned she said. "Is that what you 
call it?" Kiyone stopped cold and turned back to Sasami who had turned to get 
her own plate. "What... what do you mean?" Sasami kept her face perfectly calm. 
"Oh nothing. By the way on a completely unrelated subject you might want to put 
away that tape of yours. I found it in the VCR yesterday." She walked passed 
Kiyone who stood there with her face turning red again. 
  She deserved that and she knew it. Sasami wouldn't tell but the princess had 
made a good point. She shouldn't have referred to it as work. Kiyone calmed down 
and went to sit at the table. She kept shooting glances towards the television 
however waiting for her chance to casually get the tape out without anyone 
asking questions. Mihoshi came down the stairs and cheerily said," Good morning 
Kiyone." Kiyone blushed and said, "Um... good morning Mihoshi." Mihoshi's face 
fell for a second and she went to the kitchen to get her plate.
  Kiyone just seemed so... distant. Maybe she'd figured out that Mihoshi liked 
her and was trying to avoid her. At that moment Mihoshi wished she would at 
least yell at her. Then she'd know for sure what was happening. Then again maybe 
Kiyone did like her and she cheered up. She could just be embarrassed. 
  Mihoshi came out of the kitchen smiling and Kiyone smiled at her too. 
Mihoshi's heart leaped. Then Kiyone looked back at her food. She was still 
smiling though so Mihoshi had hope. "So Kiyone, want to go hang out by the lake 
today and sunbathe?" Kiyone's eyes widened and she bit her lip. Mihoshi started, 
"Of course if you don't want to..." She was cut off. "No Mihoshi it's alright. I 
mean I have nothing else to do and since we saved Jurai this place has been 
moved out of the major traffic area so there is nothing else to do... So sure, 
let's hang out by the lake after chores are done." She couldn't believe she'd 
said that.
  Washu and Sasami took that moment to sip some milk from theory glasses to hide 
their grins of amusement. Then they both saw each other across the table... Nah. 
Maybe next time I run out of story ideas or want to write a lemon. They just 
both winked and set their glasses down. Aeka had finally decided  that the whole 
sex thing was a fact of life and was chatting with Yosho about the things they 
missed about Jurai. Tenchi and Ryoko were eating breakfast while Ryoko kept 
trying to grab his hand under the table. Mihoshi watched them and wished that 
Kiyone would do that with her. 
  After breakfast Sasami assigned chores while Tenchi and the other men went off 
to school and work. Kiyone heard her named mentioned and snapped out of her 
daydreams. "Kiyone why don't you clean up the living room?" She glanced towards 
the VCR and Kiyone nodded. "Sure thing Sasami." She got to work on the living 
room, vacuuming under the furniture and dusting the tables. Finally she finished 
and quickly popped the tape out. She carried it up to her room and hid it under 
her bed. 
Mihoshi came in right after she pulled her hand out and saw her bending over her 
bed. She smiled and let her eyes travel over Kiyone's body. Kiyone stood up and 
suddenly saw Mihoshi standing there. "Um... hi Mihoshi." Mihoshi smiled and 
said, "Hi Kiyone! Are you ready?" Kiyone panicked for a second before 
remembering their plans. "Oh... the lake right. Sure." Mihoshi smiled and turned 
to her dresser. She grabbed her bathing suit. Kiyone blushed only just realizing 
that she would need to change into her suit to.
  Mihoshi turned around smiling. "Aren't you going to get changed Kiyone? I 
think you'd look really cute in that one you wore to the swimsuit contest. And 
this time maybe you wont get any tan lines. Kiyone nodded numbly and Mihoshi 
tossed her
swim suit. She caught it and froze when Mihoshi started taking off her shirt. 
Then she blushed as she realized that Mihoshi had neglected to wear a bra. 
Mihoshi turned to Kiyone, "Come on, we don't have all day." Kiyone swallowed and 
slowly began removing her clothes. Once she was down to nothing she quickly put 
on her top and bottom. For a split second she stopped and looked at Mihoshi's 
body. For some reason she had stopped before putting on her swimsuit to stretch. 
But of course it couldn't be the blatant come on it seemed. No Mihoshi was just 
touching her toes... she had to be.
  Mihoshi looked up and saw Kiyone glancing away. Smiling she put her swimsuit 
on and they both went to the hall closet to grab some towels. As they walked 
down the stairs Kiyone remarked, "You know you said that maybe today I would get 
no tan lines? Well for that to happen I would have to take off my bathing suit." 
Mihoshi grinned. "Yes you would... hey what a great idea. Why don't we just lay 
out there naked?" Kiyone began to stutter but couldn't think of a reasonable 
excuse since it was technically her idea. Besides it wasn't like she hadn't seen 
Mihoshi naked before right? On the way out Mihoshi grabbed a bottle of suntan 
lotion. 
  They were at the lake before they knew it. They lay out their towels and 
Mihoshi peeled off her swimsuit. Kiyone needed something to take her eyes off of 
her partner so she had to remove her swimsuit too. Once she got it off she 
looked back at Mihoshi who was busily applying suntan lotion. Kiyone watched 
transfixed as Mihoshi's hands worked over her body slowly working the oil in. 
Mihoshi smiled having noticed to look on Kiyone's face. Now came the test. 
"Um... Kiyone?" Kiyone snapped out of it and brought her eyes up to Mihoshi's. 
"Yeah?" Mihoshi blushed, "Would you mind getting my back? I can't reach it." 
Kiyone nodded and numbly took the suntan oil. She squirted some onto her hand 
and reached out to apply it to her shoulders.
  Mihoshi smiled and leaned back slightly into Kiyone's fingers. Kiyone pushed 
back and moved along Mihoshi's spine. Was it her imagination or did Mihoshi just 
shiver? Kiyone finally reluctantly removed her hand and began applying her own 
lotion. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Mihoshi watching her. She grinned 
and said, "Now it's your turn." Mihoshi nodded and started rubbing lotion into 
Kiyone's back. "Hey guys, mind if I join you?" They both jumped as Ryoko 
appeared next to them. Looking embarrassed they both looked up at her. "Um... 
no, it's fine Ryoko." 
  Ryoko lay out her own towel right between the two of them and her own clothes 
vanished. She lay down and put on some sunglasses. Kiyone and Mihoshi both 
sighed and lay back, trying to enjoy the sun. They all turned over after a while 
and lay on their bellies. The entire time all either GP officer could think 
about was the feel of the other's hands on their skin. 
   Finally Ryoko looked up at the sun. "Well, Tenchi and Noboyuki will be home 
soon. And if I don't get out of the sun soon I might burn." She picked up her 
things and teleported back to the house. Once they were gone Kiyone and Mihoshi 
looked at each other again, but the mood was gone. Kiyone though smiled at 
Mihoshi. "Thanks for putting on the suntan oil Mihoshi." Mihoshi smiled back, 
"My pleasure Kiyone." Kiyone nodded and under her breath remarked, "Mine too." 
They put their swimsuits back on and headed towards the house. 

 (The lemon part. At this time I wish to apologize for anything that seems 
clich‚ or corny. I will try my best to make this chapter tasteful as possible. I 
didn't actually plan this, it just kind of happened. I hope you wont think any 
less of me for this. Next time I'll try to do this without the sex but this time 
it was unavoidable.)

  After dinner that night Mihoshi and Kiyone went up to their room. Once they 
were there they sat on their beds smiling nervously at each other. Finally 
Kiyone asked the question that had been tormenting her for days. "Mihoshi... 
when you said I was beautiful... when we were watching the tape... did you mean 
it?" Mihoshi nodded and looked at her eyes. "Yes. Yes I did Kiyone. Did you mean 
it when you said it was your pleasure to today? About the sunscreen?" Kiyone 
nodded. 
  They both sat there and thought about what they had just said. 
"Mi...Mihoshi... how do you feel about me?" Kiyone asked. Mihoshi looked up and 
into Kiyone's eyes. Slowly she slid off her bed and walked over to Kiyone. She 
sat down on the other bed with her face inches away from Kiyone's. It was now or 
never. "I love you Kiyone." Kiyone's breath caught in her throat and her heart 
began beating faster. She slowly reached up and put her hand on Mihoshi's cheek. 
The blond pressed her head against it and smiled into Kiyone's eyes. "I... I 
love you too Mihoshi." Tears sprang from Mihoshi's eyes. Her smile spread across 
her face and she laughed. "Really? You mean it?" Kiyone smiled back and nodded. 
  Mihoshi let her arm travel around Kiyone's shoulders. Kiyone's hand slowly 
wrapped around Mihoshi's waist and he head tipped slightly to the left. Mihoshi 
closed her eyes and Kiyone did the same. Slowly they leaned in and kissed. 
Kiyone shivered and pushed her mouth against Mihoshi's. Mihoshi began breathing 
heavily her breath blowing across Kiyone's face. They both opened their eyes and 
backed away. "Mihoshi that was..." Mihoshi nodded and said, "... incredible!" 
Kiyone blushed and looked at her. "Do you want to..?" Mihoshi nodded again and 
said, "More than anything Kiyone." They kissed again, this time with their 
mouths open. Kiyone felt her tongue touch Mihoshi's and moaned. Mihoshi moaned 
in response and ran her hand down Kiyone's side. Kiyone raised her arms up and 
broke apart from Mihoshi long enough for Mihoshi to remove her shirt. 
  Kiyone reached down and pulled Mihoshi's blouse off. Mihoshi looked into her 
eyes and said, "Are you sure you want to do this Kiyone. I know you've never 
actually had sex before so... are you sure?" Kiyone looked at her and nodded. 
"Mihoshi I am absolutely certain." Mihoshi grinned and leaned forward. She 
gently kissed Kiyone's neck and collarbone, eliciting yet another moan of 
pleasure from the green haired girl. Kiyone moved her hands up Mihoshi's back. 
Mihoshi did the same and began unhooking Kiyone's bra. 
  When it was finally undone Kiyone slid it off and they both backed up to 
admire each other's bodies. "Wow Kiyone, you got a great tan today." Mihoshi 
said. Kiyone grinned and replied, "You don't look so bad yourself Mihoshi." 
Kiyone reached down and unzipped her pants. Mihoshi did the same to hers, but 
kept her eyes on Kiyone's. They tossed their pants to the side. Mihoshi wasn't 
wearing any panties but Kiyone still had on the bottom to her bathing suit. 
Mihoshi looked down at it and smiled. Slowly she extended her hand and ran a 
finger over the cloth. Kiyone gasped slightly causing Mihoshi to look up, but 
Kiyone nodded for her to continue. Mihoshi leaned and kissed Kiyone again and 
gently squeezed Kiyone's crotch. Kiyone meanwhile ran a hand down the side of 
Mihoshi's cheek, down her neck, and lay her hand across Mihoshi's breast. 
Mihoshi's nipple stiffened under Kiyone's fingers. "Ooo Kiyone. That feels 
good." Kiyone could only moan in response as Mihoshi's finger slipped into her 
swimsuit and began pulling it down her legs. 
  Mihoshi began kissing behind Kiyone's ear and moving down her body. Kiyone 
meanwhile had to raise her butt off the bed so that Mihoshi could get the 
swimsuit off. Mihoshi took the piece of cloth and tossed it onto the floor with 
their other clothes. Kiyone began squeezing Mihoshi's breast gently and twisting 
her nipple just  a bit. Mihoshi moaned and brought her own head down to Kiyone's 
breast. She kissed just above the nipple and licked across the edge. Kiyone 
moaned and slid her free hand down Mihoshi's back and across her left buttock. 
Then she lay back onto the bed with Mihoshi on top of her. 
  Mihoshi smiled at her and repositioned herself on the bed. Kiyone smiled up at 
her and pulled her in close. Their chests pressed against each other. "I love 
you Mihoshi." Mihoshi smiled back. "I love you to Kiyone. And I always will." 
Kiyone smiled and kissed her again. Mihoshi kissed back and moved against her. 
Finally they parts and Mihoshi got a grin on her face. She turned away from 
Kiyone and positioned herself in a sixty-nine position. Kiyone looked up and saw 
Mihoshi's vagina right above her face and blushed, unsure what to do. 
Fortunately Mihoshi didn't have that problem. She began by kissing Kiyone's 
inner thigh and licking the edge of her vagina. Kiyone moaned and squirmed 
underneath Mihoshi.
  Kiyone reached up and ran her hand over Mihoshi's butt and smiled as goose 
bumps rose. Suddenly she noticed an odd smell coming from Mihoshi's pussy. She 
took a closer look and Mihoshi grinned when she felt Kiyone's breath on her. She 
leaned down and put her lips to Kiyone's pussy lips and began licking. Kiyone 
moaned and rubbed her thighs against Mihoshi's cheeks. Mihoshi smiled and gently 
nibbled at Kiyone's clit. 
  Kiyone felt Mihoshi's mouth working on her and decided to return the favor. 
She slowly slid a finger in on either side of Mihoshi's vagina and spread it 
open. Mihoshi let out a soft gasp into Kiyone's crotch as she felt her partner's 
tongue slide into her. Mihoshi bit her lip and enjoyed it for a minute. Then she 
slowly slid her own fingers into Kiyone. Kiyone meanwhile stopped licking and 
gasped in sudden pain. "Ahh!" Mihoshi stopped and looked back. "I'm sorry 
Kiyone. Are you alright?" Kiyone looked back at her and shook her head. "No... 
it's ok. Just go... slower." Mihoshi nodded and turned back. Kiyone lay there 
waiting for Mihoshi to do whatever she was going to do. She didn't have to wait 
long. 
   Mihoshi slowly slid a finger into Kiyone, being careful not to go in too far 
or fast. Kiyone gasped and bit down on her lip until it turned white. Mihoshi 
slowly slid in deeper until she felt herself press against something. She 
stopped and looked back at Kiyone nervously. Kiyone gritted her teeth and 
suddenly pushed herself into Mihoshi's fingers and let out a shuddered moan. 
"Ahhh... Don't stop Mihoshi." Mihoshi slowly moved her fingers in and out 
rubbing against the sides of Kiyone's pussy. She saw some blood and fluids drip 
out and bent to lick them up. 
  Meanwhile Kiyone had recovered and the pain had begun to be replaced by 
pleasure. She leaned forward again and began licking at Mihoshi's clit, sucking 
at the tiny bit of juice the flowed out. They both moaned. "Kiyone I think I'm 
going to..." Mihoshi shuddered and orgasmed into Kiyone's face. Kiyone licked it 
all up, though some managed to drip down her face. From below she felt something 
tighten and she reached her own climax. Mihoshi sucked and licked until Kiyone 
couldn't stand it anymore and came again. 
  They both lay there silently for a while. Them Mihoshi turned herself around 
so that she faced Kiyone. They kissed again. "Thank you Mihoshi. That was 
wonderful." Mihoshi nodded and hugged her close. "You too Kiyone." Kiyone weakly 
reached down and pulled the sheets up around them. They fell asleep in each 
other's arms.

The end

Author's note
  Ok, yet another Kiyone Mihoshi story that ended as a lemon. I try my best but 
sometimes sex just kind of sneaks into the story. Of course if you weren't 
looking for lemons you wouldn't have seen it. Usually I write stories involving 
Ryoko and Tenchi. Unfortunately sometimes I run out of ideas for them. That's 
why it's nice to have these too to fall back on. Don't worry, the next one I do 
with Mihoshi and Kiyone will be more romantic. I will also try to get it into 
the regular section. I can't promise anything though because I never know just 
how a story will develop while I'm writing it. If you wish to comment about my 
work feel free to email me at clayton_n@hotmail.com
