Kiyone's Misadventures With Drugs and Sex
By: Jake McDonald
Disclaimer: Pioneer and AIC own all of Tenchidom forever more! May we Fanfiction Authors never 
say that we made up Tenchi or it's cast! Sure we can say that we made up the stories we write, 
but we're using someone else ideas to do so. That's what this disclaimer is for. 
Notes: Hey everyone! This is my first REAL lemon, not counting Tenchi Party, so read up and 
enjoy. Hey, even those of us who write the huge sagas in the normal section have to take time 
out to be perverted every now and then....


	

	Kiyone wasn't happy. 
	Not that this was too uncommon an occorence, quite the opposit. Kiyone was unhappy most 
of the time. What made this particular case of unhappieness unique was the thing that caused her 
ire was not her partner Mihoshi.
	In this case it was the fact that she was hanging upside down. 
	From a flag pole. In the side of a building.
	27 floors off the ground. 
	In the cold, compleatly nude, and tied hand and foot with a gag in her mouth. 
	As she looked up at the knots that were begining to slip in the rope that tied her to 
the flag pole, Kiyone couldn't help but wonder how she'd gotten into this little prdiciment. She 
recalled with no small amount of anger the events of the past two days.... 



	The phone was ringing, and no one was picking it up. Kiyone had been sitting on the 
couch of the Masaki home, curled up with a cross word puzzle when it started, and no one else in 
the house seemed at all bothered by the fact that the phone had been ringing for the past four 
minutes straight. It was ruining her concentration. 
	So Kiyone now stood in front of the phone, watching it ring and wondering if it would be 
rude to pick it up. She decided that if she was to finish her corss word in peace, she'd have to.
 Besides, she could just go find Tenchi after she found out who it was, and then go back 
to her word game. 
	"Hello?" she said as she put the reciver to her ear.
	"Who's this? Ayeka?" it was Ryoko's voice. She sounded weak.
	"No, this is Kiyone, Ryoko is that you?"
	"Yeah...." she mummbled back and there was a sound of the phone banging against 
something. Ryoko mumbled something Kiyone couldn't hear and then she got back on the phone, 
"You still there?"
	"Yeah, Ryoko, where are you?"
	"I'm in town... came to get some Saki.... but...."
	"Are you in trouble?" Kiyone was starting to lose her temper.
	"A little... sort of.... could you come get me?" 
	"Can't you just teleport back here?" 
	"No... not now... something's wrong with me... I... don't know..."
	"Alright, I'll have someone come get you..."
	"No! You... you come get me... don't tell Tenchi..."
	"Why not? Fine, I'll get Nobuyuki-"
	"Kiyone!" Ryoko suddenly sounded very much awake and strong. It got Kiyone's attention, 
"Listen! I need some one I can trust to not go blabing this around, and as much as I hate to say 
it, you're the only one there I know who can keep her mouth shut! Now please, can YOU come get 
me?" 
	"I... uh...." Kiyone sighed and shook her head with a scowl. She never thought she'd 
have to drop everything she was doing to go help a space pirate, "I'll be there soon. Where are 
you?" 
	"I'm out side the Karioki Bar on 34th..." 
	"I know right where that is. I can be there in 20 minutes if the bus is running on time."
	"Can't you just make the jump with the Yagami?" Kiyone blinked. Ryoko must really be 
desprate if she couldn't wait 20 minutes. 
	"Yeah. I'll be there in three minutes then." 
	"Okay... I'll be waiting for you..." 
	Ryoko hung up then, and Kiyone sighed. She set her cross word down on the table by the 
phone and walked out of the house.



	She found Ryoko leaned against the wall of the building, a full bottle of saki in one 
hand, and the other clentched to her gut. She didn't appeare to be hurt, but Kiyone knew that 
she was a tough girl, and that she might just be hiding it out of pride. 
	"Ryoko, what's up?" she asked softly kneeling down next to the pirate.
	"My stomach hurts really bad..." Ryoko replied, "Like I've been gut shot..."
	"Nothing happened to you?" she asked, helping the cyan haired girl to her feet with one 
arm slung over her shoulder. 
	"No... I just started to hurt.... I was right here, so I fell down. I guess I was lucky 
to remember the phone number to the house. I thought no one was going to ansawer..."
	"You're lucky it was distracting me from my corss word puzzle...." 
	"Sorry...."
	"You must be sick. You're appoligizing...."
	"Heh...." Ryoko grined and laughed a bit, but almost doubled over in pain. Kiyone caught 
her and looked at the pain on her face. Ryoko was really hurting....
	"I don't want to risk using the Yagami's trasporter on you when you're like this.... I'm 
taking you back to my place... it's just around the corrner here...." 


	Ryoko lay in Kiyone's bed, sweat starting to bead on her head. She had developed a fever 
on the way to the Miokio place, and now she moaned softly in her delierium. Kiyone placed an ice 
pack on her head and walked over to the other side of the room. She pulled a small device out of 
a duffle bag, and opened it up. She punched a button labled, "Washu" and waited. 
	The small screen on the device lit up and Washu's face was there, "What is it Kiyone? 
Something wrong?" 
	"Yeah.... she didn't want me to tell any one, but I don't know who to turn to...."
	"Who?"
	"Ryoko... she's sick. She needs help, but I'm not a doctor... I don't even know what 
race she is!" 
	"She's a Yuorin." Washu stated, "And I'll be there in a flash." 
	"Thank you Wash-" Kiyone was stunned by a bright light in the room. It was sudden and 
left little spots in her eyes. 
	"I told you I'd be here in a flash!" Washu cackled. Kiyone sweat dropped. 


	"So what's the verdict doc?" Ryoko asked weakly.
	Washu sat next to her with a scaning device in her hand. She stared at the readouts for 
a long time.
	"You have the flu." she said.
	"Well that's not too bad..." Kiyone remarked.
	"Acually, Ryoko's immune system has no natral defence against this Earth virus. She'll 
die if she doesn't get the right drug." Washu replied grimly. 
	"You have some right?" Ryoko asked.
	"I'm afraid I don't. I can make some, but I'll need some Yuorin Maglinic root. It grows 
only on the Yuorin Homeworld." she looked up at Kiyone. 
	"You can't subsitute something?" the GPO asked.
	"I'm afraid not. The Yuorin's have a very unique body chemistry. It works in such a way 
that they only need one drug, crushed Maglinic root. It cures everything they ever get, no 
matter what it is."
	"So you want me to go get some?" Kiyone asked. 
	"That's right. But you'll never make it there in time..." 
	"So what do we do?"
	"You'll have to go buy some on the black market. You see, it makes a very potent drug 
when administered to any other life form...."
	"Wait...." Kiyone thought of the mind boggoling situation, "You want me, a Galaxy Police 
Officer, to go buy illigal drugs to help save the life of a Most Wanted Space Pirate?"
	"She's your friend Kiyone." Washu said softly.
	Kiyone could feel her blood presure rising. She briefly thought about what it would look 
like if a vein in the side of her head suddenly exploded and sprayed blood all over the room, 
but dismissed that thought with the realization that she held Ryoko's life in her hands. 
	"I must be nuts..." Kiyone said as she walked over to her closet. Opening it up, she 
took out some street cloths that she owned that would help her blend in on a planet other then 
earth. She started to change. 
	"Hey Kiyone..." Ryoko called to her weakly.
	"Yeah, what?" 
	"Thanks..." the space pirate moaned and closed her eyes. Washu pulled a hypospray out of 
a small bag she had brought with her and injected her with something. It seemed to calm her 
quite a bit, and Ryoko fell asleap.
	"This seditive will only last for a day... after that, she'll be in lot's of pain, and 
then she'll die. You have two days at the most...." Washu said to Kiyone. 
	"I'll be back tomarow. I already know where I'm going." the GPO said harshly. She 
grabbed her earing and called out, "Yagami!" A blue light surrounded her and she vanished.
	"Good luck Kiyone." Washu said to the silent room. 
	

	Kiyone looked at the control panal, and nodded. She'd been able to make good time to 
Urigan 4. She had been stationed on the planet she now aproached for less then four months when 
she was still a rookie, but those four months had been a crash course in how to handle illigal 
drug probloms. The whole planet was full of dealers of every sort. If you wanted drugs, and you 
wanted a lot of them, Urigan 4 was the place to go. 
	She just hoped that none of her formor co-workers would see her while she was buying 
Maglinic root from a know dealer. 
	The Yagami touched down at a public parking bay, and Kiyone was down to the toll booth 
in a flash. She paid the toll for keeping her ship in the hanger, and started to walk away. 
	"Say miss?" the man she'd just given money to called out to her.
	"Yeah?" Kiyone replied, turning around to look at him. She wasn't in the mood to be 
delayed.
	"Isn't that a GP cruiser?" 
	"An old one. I bought it at an auction." 
	"Oh, well you have a nice stay here!" 
	"I'm sure I will." she didn't smile. Turning on her heel, she stalked off. 
	Now she had to remember where Devin's drug hole was. It was on Central Street, down in 
the bad part of town... not that there were any good parts of this town, but the area she was 
headed for was REALLY bad. 
	She stopped in front of a club and looked around. No GP any where. She knew all the 
hiding spots around this area, but just wanted to make sure, so she quickly used her wrist 
device to scan. The closest GP signal was four blocks away. She walked into the club. 
	There was soft music playing in a large smoke filled room. Shady looking people sat at 
tables, scattered across the floor area, not too close, but not too far away from one another. 
Kiyone knew that it was a defensive tactic. Even though all the club's patrons looked like they 
were in different parties, they were all part of the same drug ring.
	Devin's drug ring. She walked across the room to the back, around a corrner and to a 
booth that had high seat backs, so no one could see what was going on inside unless they were 
directly in the view of the booths occupents. She slid into the booth on the left side, knowing 
that Devon would be right next to her. 
	"What the?" a man with dark messy hair and thin beard scowled at her, then his eyes grew 
wide, "Kiyone?" he asked.
	"In the flesh. How've you been Devin?" she grinned at him.
	"Not too bad..." he settled back into his seat slowly, and motioned for the other 
occupant of the booth to leave. The other man got up and left, and Devin turned to the GP woman 
sitting next to her, "I haven't been dealing lately... so why are you here?"
	"First of all, I know that you never stop dealing," Kiyone said with a smirk, "and 
secondly, I'm not here as a Galaxy Police Officer, I'm here as a friend."
	"You are most definetly not what I would call a friend..." Devin said with a scowl, 
"You arrested me and my boys more times then I can count!"
	"I know.... but that was all years ago... and you all got out!" Kiyone punched him in 
the shoulder, "I just had a day off and wanted to catch up on old times!" 
	"Like what?" Devin asked with a smirk. 
	"Like what we used to do before I would arrest you..." Kiyone winked. 
	"Let's take this back to my place, and we can catch up on old times there..." Devin said 
with a grin. 
	"Great.... just remember, I'm still a GP officer, and if you try anything funny, I'll 
take you in." 
	"Fine. I'll be straight for a few hours." 
	Kiyone nodded, and they got up and left. 



	A fifteen minute walk latter, they were standing in the living room of an apartment 
quite high up in a nice building. 
	"Business must be booming..." Kiyone remarked.
	"Yes it is... but you don't know that." Devin said. 
	"I know one thing," Kiyone said as she stripped off her shirt, "you're in for one hell 
of a ride..." 
	Devin sat down on his couch, "Try me, babe." Kiyone sauntered over and knelt down 
between his legs. She slowly unzipped his pants and pulled them down to his ankles, along with 
his undergarments. Reaching up, she took his large, erect cock in her hand, and began to stroke 
it. She moaned sudectively as she slowly slid her lips around the head, and began to suck gently. 
	Making sure to keep her teeth out of the way, she began to use her lips and her toung to 
massage the head of his dick. She waited until his breath started to come in ragged gasps, then 
suddenly started to slide her lips up and down the full length of his shaft, making sure to keep 
her mouth well salivated. The wetness and the constant asult on his dick made Devin moan in 
pleasure. He tensed up, and Kiyone stopped. 
	"I don't want you to go yet..." she said as he pulled the rest of his clothing off. She 
stood and stripped off her pants, then tossed her under garments aside. Kiyone stood before the 
drug lord compleatly nude, and watched with delight as his dick grew harder. He whimpered. 
	"Good boy. Now, let's see if you can still satisfy like you used to..." she said. She 
straddled him, and slid her pussy around his shaft, taking all of it into her. She gasped as the 
waves of plesure hit her. Slowly, she began to move back and forth, riding him while he sat on 
the couch. They both gasped for breath as orgasam after orgasam hit them both.
	After a few minutes, she slid off of his cock, and stood up. She led him into his bed 
room, and lay down on the bed. He crawled on top of her, and rammed his dick into her as deep as 
he could. She cried out with pleasure, and started to pump back as he pumped her. They fucked for 
almost twenty minutes before they collapsed on the bed. 
	"We're not done yet..." Kiyone said as she rolled him off of her. She sat up and climbed 
back on top of him, this time, with him laying down. She began to bounce up and down on his dick, 
shouting out every time his cock slammed home. 
	After a few minutes of that, Devin looked about ready to explode, "Shit..." he breathed 
as she got off of him and lay down on her stomach. He rolled over on top of her and pulled her 
hips up into the air. She got up on all fours and let him slide his dick into her pussy from 
behind. He began to hump her and she pushed back to get him deeper into her. 
	"God, you're still so hard!" she gasped as his dick rammed home. 
	"You're so tight still! Like you haven't been fucked at all since last time I did you!" 
	"Only twice..." she breathed. 
	"Damn... been saving your love for me?" 
	"You bet!" she said and tightened her pussy as hard as she could. He cried out and 
pulled out of her. 
	"I don't want to be done yet!" he scolded her.
	"Then do it!" she said slyly. He grinned and pushed her chest back down to the bed. She 
reached back with her hands and spread her ass cheeks wide. He positioned himself and then 
slowly slid his dick deep into her ass hole, as far as he could. Kiyone winced at the slight 
pain. It had been awhile since she'd been butt fucked...
	He began to slowly slide in and out of her, gasping for breath as he fucked the 
increadably tight hole. She moaned in pleasure and it spurred him to start moving faster. He was 
soon pumping her ass as hard as he could, and she was screaming in pleasure. He moaned loadly 
and pulled out of her.
	She turned quickly and grabbed the edge of the sheets. She quickly whiped his dick clean 
of most of the moisture from her pussy and from her ass, and then began to suck on it. He stood 
up as his legs slid off the edge of the bed, and she got down on her knees in front of him. She 
continued to suck on his hard cock.
	He shouted out, "Oh fuck!" and began to pump her mouth. She took his dick as deep as she 
could, and continued sucking. He moaned one last time, then started gasping as he came. 
	Kiyone let the first wad spray down her throat, then slid her lips off of his dick. The 
next blast hit her in the mouth, and the next on her cheek. A fourth load of cum splatered on 
her breasts as she aimed his dick, and a fifth was squirted on her chin. The sixth and final 
blast hit her open mouth, and she let the cum drool out of her mouth and drip off her chin as 
she smiled up at him. 
	Devin stummbled back, compleatly blown away by the amazing sex. He just stared at her 
as she stood up and whiped her face clean with his sheets. What the fuck did she want?
	"Why are you here?" he asked.
	"What do you mean?" she said, turnng and looking at him.
	"You've never been this good... what is it you want?"
	"A friend of mine needs a drug." she said flat out. No use in lying to him about it.
	"You want to buy drugs from me to get a friend of yours a fix?" 
	"No, she's a Yuorin, and she's sick. Her race's immune system can kick any disease or 
virus or any kind of sickness if they take crushed Maglinic root..."
	"You want Maglinic? Oh man, that shit's expensive, and hard to find." 
	"But you can do it." she said, knowing he could.
	"Yeah, but it's gonna cost ya..."
	"I have money." 
	"How much?" 
	"How much will it cost?" 
	"For a decent sized dose? 20,000 credits."
	"I have enough." 
	"Shit. You get a pay raise?" he arched an eyebrow.
	"Nope, she's paying for it." 
	"How much does she make?"
	"As much as she can steal." 
	"She's a thief?" Devin was starting to get interested.
	"I think you're asking too many questions." she said. 
	"Right. I can have some for you in two days-"
	"Not soon enough. She could be dead by then. I need it tonight."
	"Tonight? That's nuts! I would have to-"
	"What ever!" she yelled at him, "Just do it and get me the stuff!" 
	"Alright! I'll need cash up front for it though..." 
	Kiyone walked to the living room and pulled a card out of her pants pocket, "This card 
has 100,000 credits on it. If it's all gone when you give it back to me, I'll kill you. 
Understand?"
	"How can I say no to a beutiful naked woman?" he asked with a smirk. Kiyone reached out 
and grabbed his dick.
	"Want to try and go again?" she asked with a devilish grin on her face.
	Devin smiled back at her and she got down on her knees again. She started to suck his 
dick until it was hard again...


	Four hours latter, Kiyone and Devin stood at the entrance of a plush hotel room on the 
27th floor of a building in the `nice' part of town. They both checked their blasters, then 
Kiyone checked to make sure her card was still there. Devin had spent 45,000 credits on the 
stuff, and the pick-up was where the exchange was going down. Kiyone took a deep breath.
	"You think you're ready for this?" Devin asked her.
	"I can't afford to not be." Kiyone replied, and knocked on the door. It swung open and a 
large man wearing a suit stood before them.
	"Names?" he asked.
	"I'm Devin and this is Brandy. We're here for the Maglinic Root?"
	"Keep your voice down, bub..." the large man said, and motioned them into the room. They 
walked in and looked about. Two men sat on the couch, with a woman sitting between them. They 
had a brief case in front of them, and were both dressed in expensive looking suits. Kiyone 
could have cared less about the men or the brief case at that moment however, because her eyes 
were fixed on the woman.
	"Mitsuki..." she breathed. 
	"Hmmm?" Devin leaned over and put his mouth to her ear and her mouth to his.
	"That chick is GP... and she knows me... you'd better let me do the talking..." 
	"Right..." Devin stood back and cleared his throat, "Gentlemen, the woman I was telling 
you about."
	"Hello, nice to meet you." Kiyone said, stepping forward and shaking both of their 
hands. Mitsuki eyed her but didn't say anything. 
	"When Devin told us that he had a woman who wanted some Maglinic root, we weren't 
expecting someone so lovely." one of the men said, "I'm Joric, and this is Hector. The lady is 
Mitsuki."
	She used her own name? How stupid was she? "I'm Brandy. Shall we get right down to 
buisness?"
	"Sure." Hector said, and opened the case, "Here we have the seven kilo's of Maglinic 
that you wanted, pure. If you have the card for the credit transfer, we can be done in a few 
seconds." Kiyone handed over the card, and the man subtracted the 45,000 credits from it. He 
gave it back to her and handed over the case. 
	"Thank you." Kiyone said, and stood from where she was sitting by the table, "It's been 
a pleasure doing buisness with you, but I'm afraid I'm in a bit of a rush..."
	"Now wait just a second..." Joric said. Devin tensed. "We got you that shit right away 
like you asked, and gave it to you at a fairly cheep price... I think that calls for a bit more 
then just a simple cash payment..." 	
	"What did you have in mind?" Kiyone asked, setting down the case and sitting on the 
table in front of him, leaning forward suductivly. She winked at Mitsuki. 
	"Well, let's just see how things go after you two ladies are naked..." Hector said. 
Kiyone smiled at Mitsuki and took her hand. She pulled the other GP officer to the middle of the 
room and held her close. She stuck her toung in Mitsuki's ear and the other woman leaned into 
her as well.
	"Kiyone! What are you doing?" she wispered harshly.
	"Just play along and we'll both get out of here alive!" 
	"I'll have your badge for this!" 
	"I'll explain latter!" 
	"What are you doing?!?" 
	"Trying to get you out of your dress!" Kiyone wispered in a sultry tone, and unzipped 
the long blue evening gown down the back, letting it fall to the floor. She pulled her own shirt 
off and let Mitsuki kiss her neck down to her breasts as she tossed her bra aside. The red 
haired GP officer started to move lower as she stripped off her panties, so Kiyone pushed her 
own pants and panties to the floor, and kicked them aside. Kiyone now wore sneakers and socks, 
and Mitsuki wore high heels. Both were naked other wise. 
	Kiyone put one leg up on a near by chair, and Mitsuki went to work on her pussy. She 
licked rappidly, and let her toung	 flick across the teal haired woman's clit now and then. 
Kiyone gasped and moaned in pleasure. 
	Joric, who was now naked himself, got down on his knees behind Mitsuki, and pushed her 
forward so that she sat on all fours, eating Kiyone out. He slid his dick into her pussy from 
behind and started to fuck her slowly. She moaned up into Kiyone as she pressed her face deeper 
into her sex. Kiyone gasped, and fell back into the chair. Mitsuki followed her there, and 
continued to ear her. 
	Hector walked over to Kiyone, and she saw that he was now naked as well. He stuck his 
dick in her face and she greedily began to suck on it. He moaned and pumped her mouth. 
	After a few minutes of all that, they all broke and rearranged themselves. Joric lay 
flat on his back and had Mitsuki mount him, while Hector began to have her suck his dick. Devin 
and the bouncer had also stripped and they took Kiyone over to the couch. Devin lay back and let 
Kiyone start to suck him, while the bouncer positioned him self behind her. He stuck first one, 
then two fingers in her ass, widening the hole, then he slid his massive cock the full 11 inches 
all the way as deep as he could into her ass hole. Kiyone cried out in pain, but pushed back 
against him. The pain went away and it started to feel good. 
	Hector had moved around behind Mitsuki, and was fingering her ass now as well, "Have you 
ever been fucked in the ass?" he asked her, pulling her head back by her hair.
	"No..." she wimpered as she massaged her own breast. Joric was pumping her fast and hard 
and her orgasm was almost continuous. 
	"Well then let me take your virgin ass for a ride!" Hector said, and pushed his dick 
into her ass hole. She cried out, and then he started to pump her. Both of the drug dealers 
pumped her like she was a rag doll. The red haired GP officer cried out, "Yes! Fuck me!" 
	Kiyone had long ago surrundered to the anal pounding, and was just laying there taking 
it now. She grunted every so often as he hit harder, but made no noise other then that. Devin 
had crawled beneath her, and pushed himself into her pussy, and she rode him as best she could 
with the anal abuse behind her. She glanced over at Mitsuki.
	The red head was holding her ass cheeks wide as Hector slid not only his, but positioned 
and slid Joric's cock into her ass as well. She screamed in pleasure, and they pumped her some 
more. 
	After almost a half hour of fucking. Both woman were placed next to each other on the 
couch. All four men surrounded them, and began to cum. Blast after blast hit the woman, and they 
let it all flow in their mouths and down their chins, all over their breasts and in their hair. 
They sat back and kissed, sharing mouths full of cum between them.
	"What sluts..." Hector said, scooping up Mitsuki's dress and tossing it at her, "Let's 
get going babe." 
	As the dress landed in the red head's lap, a blaster fell out of some where and 
clattered to the floor. The bouncer scooped it up. 
	"This is GP issue..." he growled. 
	Joric kicked Kiyone's things and found her blaster as well, "So is this one." he said, 
pulling on his coat, "I don't know what you're trying to pull here Devin, but I wont stand for 
it." 
	"I-" Devin didn't get another word out as Joric picked up the blaster and shot him in 
the chest. The drug dealer flew back and landed against the wall, lifeless.
	"Devin!" Kiyone screamed and lunged for him. The bouncer slammed a fist into her back 
and she hit the ground. She heard Joric order,
	"Take care of this mess." Then she blacked out.


	When she woke up, she was hanging from the flag pole. Looking down, she could see a 
woman in a dress being shoved into a car, and three men climbing in after her. The car drove 
off. 
	Kiyone pulled herself up at her waist and swung back down. She started to swing back and 
forth until she got enough height, and then she swung her whole body up as the knots finally 
gave loose. She landed with her midsection across the flag pole. Sweat dripping from her brow, 
she began to inch her way back to the window. 
	When at last she reached it, she swung her legs up so that she was stradaling the flag 
pole. It's coolness felt good across her over worked pussy, and she sat there and moved back and 
forth for a few seconds. She moved a little faster then and she shuddered as another orgasm 
sweep through her. Then she pitched herself back through the closed window. 
	The endorphins still in her system from the orgasm dulled the pain of the glass sticking 
in her back, and she wormed her way over to Devin's body. She sat up next to him and pulled the 
knife she knew he kept in his side pocket out. 
	A few minutes latter, she was free and dressed. She picked up Devin's blaster, and 
pulled her GP wrist gadget out of her pants pocket. Turning it on, she spoke into it, "Tracking 
on Officer Mitsuki, undercover." she said. A screen holograpic screen popped up and she saw a 
blip. So the red head had been here under cover. 
	Kiyone knelt and closed Devin's eyes. She kissed him lightly on the forehead. 
	"It was great while it lasted... I'll get those bastard's for you." she said. Standing, 
she turned and ran out of the room.


	Mitsuki lay in the middle of a hard stone floor as the bouncer fucked her in the ass. 
She cried out as he pushed deeper and harder with every stroke. Hector sat in front of her, 
pumping his dick and blasting her face with cum. He'd then pop a pill and his dick would grow 
hard again. He'd then pump it again and blast her face with more cum. She'd had so much go down 
her throat that she thought she was going to explode. 
	Joric was no where to be seen, but these two had been raping her for almost two hours 
now. She looked over to where her dress lay on the floor a short distence away. It had a built 
in tracking device, and she just hoped that help arrived soon. She didn't expect it too though, 
not with as deep a cover as she was in...
	Another blast of cum to her face made her spit and gag. Hector slapped her.
	"Drink it, bitch!" he yelled. 
	"Drink this, dick!" a voice said from the left. Hector turned and caught a blaster shot 
in the face. He fell over, dead. 
	The bouncer jumped up and charged at Kiyone, who leveled her blaster at him and shot him 
five times in the chest and head. He fell to the ground as well. The GP Detective walked over to 
Mitsuki and helped her sit and wipe the cum from her face. The red head bent over and vomited 
cum all over, then lay on the floor in Kiyone's lap and cried. The teal haired woman stroaked 
her hair and shushed her.
	"I'm going to go find Joric and take his sorry ass out too." she said, sitting Mitsuki 
up, "Call for back up, and get dressed. Then come after me." 
	"I have rank here..." Mitsuki said weakly. Kiyone rolled her eyes, "But your plan is 
good, so we'll go with it." she grinned just as weakly, and Kiyone handed her the wrist gadget 
she'd used to track the red head to the building on the out skirts of town. She then stood and 
dashed over to a door that led to an office area of the warehouse they were in. 
	Pushing the door open, Kiyone walked in with her blaster aimed level. She looked around 
and didn't see anyone in the office, so she walked over to the door that led to the out side. It 
was slightly ajar. 
	Standing back, she pushed it open with her foot, and jumped past it. Blaster fire tore 
apart the desk behind her, but she wasn't hit. The sound of foot steps alerted her that her 
suspect was running. She spun around the open door and pointed her gun. 
	"Stop or I'll shoot!" she yelled. Joric put his gun over one shoulder and pumped off a 
few shots, blasting apart the door frame and forcing Kiyone to take cover again. She growled and 
ran after him. 
	He ran down the ally way they were in and around a corner. Kiyone followed blindly, 
letting her blaster lead. She fired several rounds as she rounded the corner, but Joric wasn't 
there. He was right next to her. He tripped her as she ran by and she fell to the ground with a 
hard thud. Her blaster skittered away into the night.
	"Got you now you whore!" he said, pointing his gun right at her. Four blaster shots blew 
him back into the wall, and Mitsuki ran over. She helped Kiyone up and they smiled at one 
another. 
	"We're even then." Kiyone said. 
	"Yeah...." they walked back to the warehouse.
	"Listen," Kiyone said, "I have a Yuorin friend who needs that Maglinic Root to cure her 
sickness...." 
	"Take it and get out of here then. It's a fair trade. You get the drugs, and I get the 
credit." 
	"It'd be kind of hard to explain why I was here any way. You gonna' make up a fake 
report?" 
	"Yeah, I'd never put every thing that happened in it... they'd have me in rehab for 
months!"
	"Are you sure you wont need it?" Kiyone asked with an arched eyebrow. 
	"Yeah..." 
	"Cause you know... you weren't too bad back there in the hotel room... if you ever want 
a little action, just stop by Earth... maybe they'll let you take a vacation after this..."
	"We'll see..." Mitsuki smiled at her. They suddenly grabbed each other and kissed, 
fondling each other's breasts as they did. 
	"I'll see ya..." Kiyone said, pulling away.
	"You can count on it." Mitsuki replied. 



	The door to the MioKio place swung open and Kiyone dragged herself in. It had taken all 
of Yagami's max speed the whole way back, but she'd called ahead, and Washu assured her she'd 
make it just in time. Ryoko looked to be in a lot of pain, but it was a matter of minutes after 
the diminutive scientist adminstered the drug that she got better. 
	"Well, my work here is done." she said, and got up. She walked over to a portal that 
opened out of no where, "Now you get rest for a few days Ryoko. You really shouldn't leave here." 
and she vanished with the portal.
	"Is that cool? If I just crash here for a few days?" Ryoko asked.
	"Sure..." Kiyone replied, "I'll just tell Mihoshi that she can stay at Tenchi's for a 
while. She wont ask why."
	"Great... I guess I don't really know how to thank you for all of this..." Ryoko looked 
at the floor.
	"Well, for starters, you can pay me back the 45,000 credits it took to get you that 
stuff...." Kiyone said.
	"Done. I have more then that in accounts all over the place, and stashed in other parts 
of the Galaxy. It'll just take me a few days of running around to get all of it."
	"That's fine. Oh, and you don't mind if I have a friend over for a little `girl play' 
do you?"
	"What kind of girl play?" Ryoko asked with a sly grin.
	"The kind that involves licking..." Kiyone purred back.
	"Hey, throw in a vibrator and I'm in..." Ryoko said.
	Kiyone suddenly thought about how her life had changed so much suddenly. Her most hated 
rival in the GP was now a lover, and the space pirate she always recived so much grief from was 
going to be soon... funny the little tricks life can play on a person....
	"Hey, Kiyone?" Ryoko asked.
	"Yeah?"
	"I don't feel so good... why don't we play doctor?"
	Kiyone grinned and pulled her shirt off. Life on Earth was about to get MUCH more 
interesting....


	 