This is for mature readers only please. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!! All
characters in this story belong strictly to the creators of the Tenchi
series. This is in no way another series or episode to any of the Tenchi
series! I did not create any of these characters and I don’t own any of
them.................SO DONT SUE ME!!!!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I included Part 1 just in case you need a lil boost in the old memory
department!!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Part 1:

It was just like any other morning in the Masaki residence. Ayeka and Ryoko
fighting over Tenchi, Sasami preparing breakfast, and LiL Washu fiddling
with another invention. Then they heard the whistle and than splash of
Yugami. Mihoshi and Kiyone walk through the door.

"HI! everyone" said Mihoshi cheerfully.

"Hey" said Kiyone sounding depressed.

Kiyone than looked at Tenchi with a sly sorta grin. She moved closer to
Tenchi almost unnoticeably and grabbed Tenchi and started to massage his
balls.

"WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING!!!" says Ayeka and Ryoko at the same time.

That’s when Kiyonie pulled out her blaster and pointed it at Tenchi's head.
She goes I am relieving my stress, as she walked outside and took Tenchi
into Yugami and then blasted into space. The next thing Tenchi knew he was
getting knocked out. He awoke lying on Kiyone’s bed. He got up and looked
around, she was nowhere to be found, that’s when he heard the shower, he put
on a sly grin and thought, “I always liked Kiyone“. He took off his shirt
and went into the bathroom, he tore off the curtains on the shower.

"OOOOOOO Tenchi what are you doi--" Kiyonie couldn't finish.

Tenchi pressed his lips to hers and kissed her passionately. She let out a
moan as Tenchi stuck his fist in her cunt. Wait, Kiyone managed to blert out
between the moans. “I don’t wanna do this in the shower” she said as she
moved here hands up and down his back. Tenchi nodded and walked out and lyed
on the bed, it was king-size so they would be doing a lot of rolling he
thought slyly as the corny thought passed through his mind. I wonder why she
took me like that anyway I would of went if she asked. Huh, o well he
thought I guess she likes it kinky.

Kiyone got out of the shower wearing a loose fitting robe where you could
clearly see her breast but not her nipple (a little tease he thought), her
hair was down and it was dripping wet. The ship shook violently, everything
went black..........

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Back On Earth

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!" Ryoko screamed.

" How dare she, that treason little whore, how dare she do that to Tenchi"
said Ayeka.

In the process almost all the furniture in the house was broken. Sasami
fainted and Mihoshi looked confused. When Ryoko tried to go after them Ayeka
said "No"

"WHAT" screamed Ryoko. “Did you she what she did, shes porbably having her
way with him right now!!!???

“I know, I saw” she said with a grimace to Ryoko’s statement. “When they get
back we will have something in store for that whore.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Back On Yugami

Tenchi slowly opened his eyes to see Kiyone’s beautiful smiling face. She
was treating the cut on his head. Her touch was so soft and she only had
love in her eyes. When he tried to get up he fell back.

"What happened" Tenchi said groggily.

"Something fell and hit your head" said Kiyone.

Tenchi put his hands behind her head, her hair was soft and silky he
thought, he brought their lips together and kissed her passionately. He
couldn’t stand the pain from the cut anymore and he fell bak to the pillow
and back to sleep.

The next morning he awoke to the alarm only to see Kiyone’s tender loving
eyes staring back at him. The pain was gone, but he felt a little groggy. He
got up and said I am gonna take a shower.

"O no you aren’t said Kiyone, you'll fall from the pain, I will run a bath
and I am going to wash you." she said with a sly grin.

She got up exposing her perfectly shaped nude body and started to run a
bath. Tenchi got up and noticed he was nude too. This will be fun he
thought. He walked to bathroom door got dizzy and fell Kiyone ran in and
picked him up and put his arm around her shoulder and walked him into the
bathroom. He got in the tub and went to get the soap when he remembered what
Kiyone said, that she was gonna wash him. So he sat back.

She then got into the tub with him. She planted a kiss on his cheek got the
soap and rag and started to wash him. She washed every part of his body
Tenchi was totally erect, his penis was sticking out of the water.

"WOW your big” she said.

After she cleaned and washed Tenchi she started to get out when Tenchi said
"COME HERE!!!!" He grabbed her lied her back and started to kiss her neck,
she squealed in ecstasy since it felt sooooooooooooooo good. He worked is
way to her breasts, they were beautiful and round he thought as he massaged
the right one as he nibbled and suckled on the left. She loved every second
of it, TENCHIIII, so good so good…… he then rotated giving the each breast
equal treatment.

“Mmmm….” He said. “Kinda of taste like peaches and cream” he thought.

He slowly kissed down to her stomach getting close to her love tunnel when
he hit water. he realized this was a problem, "We cant get out she said,
pleez don’t stop" Kiyonie said panting. She got up on the ledge of the tub
as Tenchi made his way to her slit. He licked it, played with the lips,
teasing her, then dug his face in he perfect cunt, she moaned loud. He found
her erect clitoris and started sucking on it, he started slow than sped up
her pants doing the same. She felt her climax coming on, she arched her back
and came in Tenchi's mouth, to her surprise he drank down what he could the
rest spilling out the sides of his mouth.

“Mmmmmmm" Tenchi moaned "You taste so good".

Then the ship started to shake and it got hot. Kiyone than said " SHIT we're
going through the atmosphere of the planet, if we don’t get control of the
ship soon we will hit the planet and explode.



Part 2:

Slowly Tenchi opened his eyes, he saw nothing but light green hair an only
felt a searing pain in his side. The ship was obviously attacked. Tenchi
lifted up over the searing pain holding Kiyone in his arms.

“Dammit, what the fuck, owww!” graoned Tenchi.

“Kiyone….Kiyone……Kiyon-- Tenchi said getting cut off by a waking Kiyone.

“I’m glad your alright, com’n we best get clothes on an see what happened.”
said Tenchi.

Kiyone nodded an slowly rose to her feet. They both walked in the the
bedroom an got some clothes on. As Tenchi pulled up his pants Kiyone noticed
a big bruise on his back by his side. “Tenchi you have a bruise, a bone
might be hurt, we should wrap it.” Kiyone said. Kiyone went into the
bathroom to get some bandages to wrap Tenchi’s side. Tenchi sat on the bed.
Slowly lowering himself to reduce the amount of pain that went to the
bruise.

“OK TENCHI!!!!” Kiyone said cheerfully. “GET ON YOUR SIDE SO I CAN WRAP
IT!!!!!! Hehehe Kiyone giggled. Tenchi did as he was told and lyed down. She
slowly got the bandages around.

“OK, ALL DONE TENCHI!!!” she said again very cheerfully. Tenchi sat up
smiling, Thanks Kiyone he said with a smile. “Why so cheery?? Your ship is
totaled, and well um we should find out where we are…..shouldn’t we….? Heh
heh heh…? Tenchi said weakly as Kiyone was coming towards very slowly like a
cat stalking her prey.

“Ya know Tenchiiii she purred we didn’t get to finish what we were doing
before….maybe we could….if its alright with you……finish the job….please? She
said pouting making circles on his chest.

“Heh….heh…….heh heh well shouldn’t we find out where we are first I mean ya
know…….! Tenchi said weakly. “Well I dun care why should you??” she said
pouting in a child like voice.

“…..Well if you put it that way, LETS GET A ROMPIN!!!!! Tenchi said….oddly.

*sweat drop* “ Your so funny Te----! Kiyone said getting cut off by Tenchi
kissing her deeply.

“MMMmmmfffmmfff!!!” Kiyone said unbuttoning her shirt an throwing it aside.
Tenchi (without breaking the kiss) tore off her skirt.no underwear. He
started to slowly kiss down her chest when he felt Kiyone’s hands push him
down to her cunt.

“SUCK!!!!” Kiyone demanded as she pushed his face into her pussy. Tenchi
started to slowly lick the sides of her cunt an tenderly took her clit in
his mouth. He played with it for awhile. Kiyone letting out short bursts of
screams of pleasure and repeatedly saying his name. Finally Tenchi blow in
her pussy. “TENCHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!” Kiyone screamed as she released
all over his face.

Tenchi tried to get as much in his mouth as possible drinking it all down.
“Mmm, Kiyone you taste great……like peaches an cream! Tenchi said,. Kiyone
giggled.

“ I love you Tenchi……my Tenchi. Said Kiyone in the sweetest most loving
voice he had ever heard. As they embraced for a kiss a piece of the wall
flew off, an in came……Ryoko, an she looked mighty pissed!

Author’s Notes:

Well its been awhile but I finally posted part 2 of this saga, to tell you
the truth I was afraid to write it because so many people liked the
first….well here it is!!!

PS When I update Part 2 it will be longer OK so dun flame me for the
shortness!!!