Kiyone's Love Chapter 1: First Encounter

		It was yet another typical day at the Masaki residence. Sasami
was in the kitchen preparing lunch, Ryoko was relaxing on top of the
roof of the house eating a big basket of sweet potatos, Ayeka and
Washu were watching soap operas on T.V., and Tenchi was out working 
in the carrot field. It was a beautiful summer day, but it was just too
damn hot. Tenchi worked hard sweating like a slave, he knew that he
wouldn't have to do this if Ryo-Ohki didn't live with them. But oh well,
life goes on. Tenchi stopped for a minute and wiped the sweat off of
his brow.

"Tenchi, how's it hangin'?", he heard behind him. He turned around and
saw Kiyone in her uniform, she was standing with her hands on her
hips and a little smile on her face. "What's up?", she asked.

"Nothing much Kiyone, just working like a slave to grow these carrots
just so Ryo-Ohki can consume them."

"Not doin' so hot are you Tenchi?"

"Yes I am, it's hot as hell out here, I just got out of school so I'm
stuck with doing this all summer."

"Would you say that you could use a little vacation?", she asked

"I would say that I could use a permanent vacation."

"Well then how about a temporary one Tenchi?"

"That doesn't souns bad Kiyone, just as long as its far away."

"It's far enough, it'll be at the edge of the solar system."

"That's good, but why ask me Kiyone", Tenchi asked.

"Well, Mihoshi got a different job with someone else for the summer,
there was no one else to be my partner so the general said that I
could find someone with enough fighting experience."

"Uh-huh? So you came to me? Actually its not a bad idea. When do we
leave?", Tenchi asked.

"This Friday, so get packin'. I'll come pick you up at 2:00 o'clock, okay?"

"Sounds great Kiyone, I'll see you then", yelled Tenchi as he ran off to
the house waving, Kiyone waved back and left. Tenchi ran as fast as he
could. Tenchi ran through the doorway and up the stairs. Finally he
wouldn't be doing yard work for a while. When he got into his room he
opened the closet and found an old suitcase. He set the suitcase on the
bed and started looking for good clothes for this kind of trip. He found
some ols camol flauge clothes that his dad wore in the army. He packed
those and started looking for other stuff, he brought out his bag full of
CD's and looked to see what he had. He had "Kid Rock", "Redman", "Dr. Dre",
"Korn", "Eminem", and lot's of other stuff. Tenchi popped in the Eminem
CD in the stereo. He set it to track number 8, "The Real Slim Shady". Tenchi
rapped to it and danced as he packed. 

"And that's the message that we deliver to little kids, and expect them not
to know what a woman's clitoris is. Of course their gonna know what intercourse
is, by the time they hit forth grade they got the discovery channel don't
they? We ain't nothin' but mammels, well some of us cannibles who cut
other people open like cantelope. But if we can hump dead animals and
antelopes then there's no reason that a man and another man can't alope. But
if you feel like I feel I got the antidote, women wave their pantyhose, sing the
chours and it goes.		I'm Slim Shady yes I'm the real Shady, all you 
other
Slim Shadys are just immatating, so won't the real Slim Shady please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up............", Tenchi rapped along as he packed 
his
clothes. He turned it up loud and cranked up the bass. Pretty soon it got to
the third verse, that was the really fast rapping part. He sucked in alot of
air started rapping along with Eminem.

"I'm like a head trip to listen to, 'cause I'm only givin' you things you joke 
about with your friends inside your livin' room the only difference is I got
the balls to say it in front of y'all and I don't got to be false or sugar 
coated
at all. I just get on the mic and spit it and whether you like to admit it, I
just shit it better than ninty percent of you rappers out can, then you wonder
how can kids eat up these albums like valiums it funny. 'Cause at the rate
I'm goin' when I'm thirty, I'll be the only person in the nursin' home flirting,
Pinchin' nurses asses while I'm jackin' off with jergens and I'm jerkin' but
this whole bag of viagra isn't workin'. And every single person is a Slim
Shady lurkin' he could be workin' at Burger King spittin' on your onion rings,
or in the parking lot circlin' screamin' I don't give a fuck with his windows
down and his system up. So will the real Shady please stand up and put one
of those fingers on each hand up and be proud to be out of your mind and
out of control and one more time loud as you can how does it go?........", he
finished gasping for air.

"I didn't know you ever talked like that Tenchi.", Tenchi heard behind
him. He turned around and surley enough, there stood Ryoko with her
hands on her waist and a smile on her face. "Checking out? Where ya
goin'?", she asked.

"Uhh, I'm just going on a little trip Ryoko."

"Ooohh, can I come Tenchi?"

"Well, it's not a trip for you, I'm going to work as Kiyone's partner."

"YOU'RE WHAT?!", she yelled grabbing Tenchi by the front of his shirt.
"Oh, Tenchi, I don't want you to go anywhere, especially with that
woman", she wrapped her arms around his neck. Then the song "Kim"
started to play on the stereo, Ryoko turned her head to see it and kicked
the stop button on the stereo. "I hate that fucking song Tenchi."

"I do too, I don't even listen to it.", Tenchi replied. Tenchi managed to
get out of Ryoko's tight grasp and finished packing up. He took his Eminem
CD out of the stereo and packed it up. 

"When will you be back Tenchi?", she cooed.

"I'm not sure, but I'll call you when I find out, okay?"

"Okay, bye, I'll be waiting", she said before phasing out. The trip was
tomorrow, Tenchi could hardly wait, since he liked going into outer
space and all. Sasami called for everyone to come down for dinner.
Ryoko was the only one who didn't come bacause she was still eating
sweet potatos on the roof. After dinner Ayeka help Sasami clean up,
It was getting late, Tenchi went up to get ready for bed.  He stripped
down to his boxers and got in bed, it took him a while to get to sleep.
Meanwhile, on the other side of the solar system, Kiyone sat in the
pilot's seat, the auto pilot was on so this gave her time to daydream.
She was excited about Tenchi coming along with her, she couldn't take
her mind off of him. After a while of thinking about Tenchi, she felt
a strange sensation inside of her. It was a warm fuzzy feeling in her
heart, she got it every time she thought about Tenchi. She thought
about how fun the trip would turn out and how long Tenchi was going
to stay with her. After a while of having this feeling it hit her, could
she be in l...............nah, she couldn't be, could she? It put her through a
lot of stress trying to come up with an answer. She just pushed the
thought out of her head and set the auto pilot course towards Earth, 
it was going to take until tomorrow to get there and pick him up. She
went to her quarters, dressed into a tight short gray T-shirt and red 
short shorts, got in bed and went to sleep. That night she had a dream. 
It was one of those dreams that didn't make sense, it kept flashing to 
one scene, and then flashing to the other. All she could remember was 
her and Tenchi standing next to each and the both of them saying i do. 
And then it flashed to Tenchi and Kiyone in bed together, then it flashed 
to Kiyone gaining weight, then it flashed to Kiyone in the car, and then 
it flashed to Kiyone in the hospital and Tenchi was holding her hand tight. 
It didn't stop, it going from one scene to the next, faster and faster, the 
overwhelming flashing dreams left Kiyone waking up sweating. When she 
stopped and gasped for air, she was sweating like hell. That dream really
overwhelmed her. She couldn't figure out what it mean't though, she
figured that it was probably from thinking about Tenchi so much. She
looked at her alarm clock, it was 2:00 A.M. She couldn't get back to
sleep though. Since she was sweaty she needed a bath. She needed to
check her course, she got out of bed and yawned and stretched. She made
her way through the darkness trying to find the light switch for the hall.
When she found it, all the lights in the ship turned on. She walked out of
the room and headed for the cockpit. She sivered from how it got chilly it 
got all of a sudden, she was scared, scared to be alone up in the middle of
space, scared that something bad might happen to her. She ran up to the
cockpit. When she got there, the doors opened and she sat down in the
pilots seat. She checked the computer map, she was half way to Earth.
She leaned back in the seat and rested her hands behind her head. She
set her mind on Tenchi once again. She became horny, she took her left
hand and began to massage her left breast. She wanted to feel more
plessure, so she took her right hand and placed it down her shorts. She
began to rub her clit with her index and middle finger. She began to
pant and it started to get warm. She then insterted two fingers into
her virgin pussy, she insterted one more and began to move them in and
out. She picked up the pace as her panting grew louder. Her female juices
started to flow from her, all over her hand and shorts. 

"Kiyone, why are you doing that?", Kiyone heard Mihoshi's voice behind
her. Kiyone quickly stopped masturbating relieved to see that she had
company.

"Oh, hey Mihoshi", she said as she turned around. But she saw that know
one was there. She cocked an eyebrow in confusment, she turned her
head to look behind her to find where that voice came from. Nothing.

"Kiyone, what are you looking at?", Kiyone heard Mihoshi's voice again.
Kiyone turned back around to see some in the chair. It was Mihoshi, or
was it? It was a dead body of Mihoshi. It was like a rotting zombie of
Mihoshi. She still had that blond hair-doo, her flesh was rotted down
to the bone exposing the shape of her skeletal sytstem. She had two
empty black eye sockets and her mouth hung open. She was in her uniform,
except it looked old and beat up. Kiyone's eyes widened with horror as
she gasped and jump out of the chair. She ran over to the door and tried to
open it, it wasn't locked, but it wouldn't open. Kiyone wrestled to get
the door open as she turned to see if Mihoshi was still there. The dark
empty eye sockets light up and glowed red. 

"OH MY GOD", Kiyone screamed as she began to cry from fear. She still
tried to get the door open as she looked back again. She heard heavy
raspy slow breathing coming from Mihoshi. She saw little movements.
Mihoshi slowly reached her hand up as if she were trying to grabbed
Kiyone. More tears flowed down her face as she still struggled with the
door. She looked back again and saw Mihoshi slowly levetating in the
air. Mihoshi hung one foot in the air, her head was slightly hanging to the
since she didn't have that much strength to hold it up, Mihoshi slowly
started moving forward in the air with her hand still stretched out.

"OH FUCK!", Kiyone screamed sobbing. She kicked and pounded at the door
getting even more frusterated with it. Mihoshi kept moving forward
trying to grab Kiyone. Finally when Mihoshi was six inches away from
grabbing Kiyone, the door opened and Kiyone bolted out into the hallway.
She ran as fast as she could not looking back. She panted loud and hard
and sweat covered her face. She has not ran this hard or fast since she
was in training to get into the galaxy police force. After a few minutes
of running, she stopped at the door to her room. She opened it, ran in and
slammed it shut locking it afterwards. She lean back against the door
panting heavily trying to catch her breath. Tears flowed down her face
from the terror. 

"I can't believe this, what the hell is going on?", she asked herself. 
Just then, hands punched through the door gripping Kiyone around the
neck. They felt cold and slimey, it was obviously Mihoshi. Kiyone grabbed
the hands trying to pull them away, but they were too strong. The finger
nails on the hand dug into Kiyone's throat, blood began to drip everwhere
as Kiyone struggled to breath. The nails dug in deeper as Kiyone began
to lose conciousness. Blood started dripping from Kiyone's nose and
mouth. 

"You will never get Tenchi", Mihoshi's raspy voice said as everything
blacked out. Kiyone woke up screaming at the top of her lungs. When she
stopped, she had to catch her breath.

"Oh........it was.........just a........dream", she told herself still out of 
breath.
She looked at her alarm clock, it was 12:00 midnight. The dream seemed 
so real. Kiyone lifted the covers away and saw her shorts soaked in her 
own female juices, some also in the bed. Now she new it was a dream, 
because she remembered the part when she was masturbating. That was
it, it was a double wet dream nightmare since she had another dream 
in her dream about Tenchi, the flash dream. Now she was just terrified, 
she couldn't get back to sleep. She got out of bed and turned on the light, 
there was no way she was going anywhere else in the ship. She changed 
into another pair of shorts and stripped her bed to replace the sheets. 
It took a while to replace them since the bed was a big king size. When 
she put new clean sheets on the bed, she dumped the wet ones in the dirty 
laundry. She turned on the T.V. and got under the covers of the bed. She 
left the lights and T.V. on, she couldn't turn them off after that dream 
she had. She figured that she would fall asleep from the boredom of the 
shows that were on. And she did, after about three hours of trying. She awoke
to the alarm clock going off, it was 9:00 A.M. She wasn't as scared as she
was last night, but she had enough courage to come out of her room now.
After she took a shower, she got into her uniform and headed up for the
cockpit. When the door opened she stuck her head inside to see if anyone
was in there. She then looked behind the door to see if there was anything
that could keep it shut. When she was convinced, she walked in and sat down
in the pilot's seat. She checked her course, she was about three quarters 
of the way to Earth. She turned on the engines and thrusted them to
full throttle.

Meanwhile on earth........

Tenchi wakes up at 1:00 P.M. Usually Yosho would nag him about sleeping
in so late, but since Tenchi was leaving, he didn't care. Tenchi showered
and got dressed, he grabbed his suit case and went downstairs. On his
way down Ryoko came up behind him and wrapped her arms around him.
Tenchi jumped and he dropped his suit case, Ryoko giggled as Tenchi's
suit case tumbled down the stairs.

"Leaving already Tenchi?", she whispered into his ear. 

"Ryoko, come on, lemme go", he demanded.

"How about a morning kiss for me, huh?", she said as she tried to kiss
him. Tenchi tried to break away but Ryoko held on tight. 

"Good morning Tenchi, you missed breakfast", Sasami came to the stairs.
"Come on you two, stop fooling around and get lunch."

"You owe me you a kiss when you get home Tenchi", Ryoko said as she
phased out. Tenchi sighed in relief and went downstairs. Everyone else
was already at the table eating. Tenchi sat down and started on his
meal. 

"So Tenchi, your going on a little trip with Kiyone, eh?", Noboyuki asked
grinning. 

"Uh, yeah.", Tenchi replied in confusement.

"So what are you guys exactly going to do up there in the middle of deep
space. Are you guys like boyfriend girlfriend? Steady dates? Looovers?"
Tenchi gagged on his rice as he stomped down hard on Noboyuki's foot
under the table. Noboyuki yelled out in pain as everyone stopped eating
and stared at Tenchi. Sweat covered Tenchi's forehead as he turned
crimson red. Then the house began to vibrate, then shake.

"Well, there's Kiyone, heh heh, uh..............gotta go", he said nervously as
he grabbed his suit case and stormed out the door. He ran as fast as he 
could out into the carrot field and saw Yugami in the distance. He saw 
the hatch open up and Kiyone walked out looking for Tenchi. Tenchi slowed
his pace to a walk and waved to Kiyone. Kiyone finally noticed him and
waved back. He finally reached Kiyone walking in a fast pace.

"Anxious to leave Tenchi?", she asked.

"Oh don't get me started Kiyone", he said walking beside her up into the
ship. The hatch slowing rised up and slammed shut. Kiyone led Tenchi up 
into the cockpit to take off. When they got there, Tenchi sat his suit case
down and sat down where Mihoshi usually sits, right next to the main
pilot's seat where Kiyone sat. 

"Buckle up Tenchi", she said as she buckled up. It was a criss-cross
seat belt. Tenchi grabbed both sides, pulled them out and snapped them
together. Kiyone pressed a bunch of buttons and finally sat back, the
ship began to shake. Tenchi could hear the engines getting louder, they
slow began to rise up in the air. When they were about sixty feet in the
air, the ship slowly turned around and slightly pointed upward. Kiyone
then pushed the speed control lever all the way forward. The ships
boosters turned on and they sped off into the sky.

To be continued.......

Author's notes: This whole new saga was created as an apology for all
the Kiyone lovers out there who didn't like my chapter 5 of Ryoko's Heart.
It crushed me to write it as much as it crushed you to read it. Kiyone's
death was not an easy thing to write. So from now on I will be continuing
to write chapters for this saga and the Ryoko's Heart saga. Two new
chapters will come out at the same time. So enjoy both, any questions
or comments please e-mail me at brandonblair@hotmail.com, Aight?
You can expect chapter two to be out very soon PEACE-OUT!!!!
