
All rights of "Tenchi Muyo" belong to AIC and Pioneer. I have no money, 
so please don't sue me?
^_^* So enjoy!
------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------
Episode 2 - Ryoko's Dream 
Scene 1- at the shrine tree.
(Ayeka enters)
	Ryoko: Tenchi, I pray that the gods will protect you. There is 
only so much I can do. 
	Ayeka: Ryoko is that you? I thought that I heard someone.
	Ryoko: Yeah, it's me.
	Ayeka: What are you doing out here, I thought that you went to get 
some sake?
	Ryoko: That was just something I told everyone to get away. I 
can't get a dream of Tenchi dying out of mind. I'm so worried.
	Ayeka: I'm sure it's nothing, besides we're here to protect him 
and he's got the sword. 
	Ryoko: Hmm, I'm sure your right.
	Ayeka: Well, I better go, you staying here?
	Ryoko: Yeah, do me a favor though don't tell Tenchi anything about 
my dream. I want to tell him when I know more.
	Ayeka: Okay... bye!	
								(Ayeka exits)
	Ryoko: Tenchi, I love you. Be safe.

Scene 2 - in the house.
	Sasami: Tenchi, where's Ayeka?
	Tenchi: She's looking for Ryoko.
	Ayeka: I'm home 						
								(Ayeka enters)
I found Ryoko but she won't be coming home for a while. She said to 
start dinner without her.
	Sasami:  Well it's good you got home now, because dinners ready. 
Okay (giggles).
	Tenchi: Mihoshi, Kiyone, Washu, dinners ready!
								(Girls enter)
	All: Bona petit!
	Mihoshi: This is wonderful as always, where's Ryoko?
								(Ryoko appears)
Oh there you are Ryoko; I just asked where you were.
	Ryoko: I was taking care of some business.
(All sit eating in silence. until Tenchi 
breaks the silence.)
	Tenchi: What were you doing out there Ryoko?
	Ryoko: I'd rather not say at the moment.
	Tenchi: Oh, okay Ryoko.
	Ryoko: I'm not trying to hide anything Tenchi, it's just I'm not 
ready to tell you yet. Not until I know exactly what I'm doing, myself.
						(Tenchi finishes his dinner and gets 
up to leave.)
	Tenchi: I'm going to take a bath before I go to bed.
										(Tenchi 
exits)
	Ayeka: Let's get ready for bed, remember we'll have to get up 
early tomorrow to get ready for our visitors.

Scene 3	
	(Everyone cleans up and goes to their room. Ryoko falls to sleep 
quickly, she visions in her dream a 
	meadow with Tenchi and herself are in the center. Then Tenchi 
falls to his knees and on to his 	stomach, beginning to dissolve to 
only a crystal as she can only look on in terror. Quickly Ryoko 	awakes 
to Tenchi checking on her, in her basement room.)
	
	Ryoko: Tenchi!
	Tenchi: I'm here Ryoko, I'm here.		(Tenchi comes to her 
aid, taking her hand.)
	Ryoko: Thank god your here Tenchi... 	(Ryoko grabs Tenchi's 
shoulder and pulls him closer 						
	as she begins to cry.)
Tenchi thank god your safe, I had the dream again!
	Tenchi: Dream, what dream!
	Ryoko: It's what I wouldn't tell you at dinner. I've been having 
these dreams or rather nightmares, where you and I are in a meadow and 
then without warning you fall and then die. And all I can do is look 
on! Nothing's ever scared me this much before especially a dream!
Tenchi: It'll be all right I promise Ryoko.
	Ryoko: I wish I could be sure, I love you.
	Tenchi: I'll spend the night with you okay.	(Tenchi sits back 
against the wall behind him and 						
	gestures Ryoko to lay her head on his shoulder.)
Now sleep Ryoko, I'm here.	(Soon Ryoko falls asleep and Tenchi dries 
the tears from her 						cheeks as he 
slowly drifts to sleep. The scene ends with them 				
		both asleep in the same position with content on both their 
faces.)

Scene 4 - It's morning and Tenchi and Ryoko are still sleeping soundly.
								(Ayeka enters Ryoko's 
room)
	Ayeka: TENCHI!				(The two slowly awake as all 
the other girls come to 							see 
what's the matter.)  
	Tenchi: Miss Ayeka, it's not what you think! Nothing happened!
	(Tenchi stands and lets 							
	Ryoko's head drop to the floor as the other 				
				girls enter.)
Nothing happened I swear!
	Ayeka: Hmm!
	Ryoko: It's true, nothing happened. I had the dream again and to 
calm me down he spent the night with me.
	Ayeka: Oh, well I know your not lying, because if something did 
happen you would be bragging it!
	Washu: What kind of dreams?
Tenchi: She's been dreaming of me dyeing in front of her and she 
could do nothing, Washu.
	Washu: I wonder what it means? Well come on Ryoko let's go.	
	(Washu begins to exit)
I need to do some tests to find out what the dream means.	
	Tenchi: You can do that?
	Washu: Sure! Now lets go Ryoko!		(Washu and Ryoko exit as 
the others look on.)
	Tenchi: Well, let's get going on our work! I 've got some major 
work on the fields since it rained till dark yesterday.
	Ayeka: Tenchi you shouldn't go out there!
	Kiyone: Yeah, until we know what that dream means you shouldn't 
take any risks like reenacting it.
	Mihoshi: We'll take care of the fields for you Tenchi!
	(Mihoshi grabs Kiyone in excitement.)
It'll be FUN!
	Tenchi: Thank you Mihoshi, Kiyone and I'll take care of your 
chores.	(All exit)

Scene 5 - in Washu's lab.
	Washu: Hmm, this is very interesting. Your body, in response of 
that dream is showing functions it's never used before.
	Ryoko: So what, what I want to know is what the dream means!
	Washu: That's what I'm talking about! You've never dreamed before 
other than daydreamed. This means that your dream is a sign that we 
better be careful! I want you to stay with Tenchi at every moment 'till 
I can find out more!
	Ryoko: No problem Washu!  	(Ryoko salutes Washu as she leaves 
with a huge grin on her 					     	face.)
								(Ryoko exits)  
	Washu: Bye...hmm?

Scene 6 - somewhere in the Masaki house.
	Tenchi: I wonder what that dreams all about, I sure don't need 
another adventure. Still, it's shown me another side of Ryoko, but it's 
a side of Ryoko that's very different. 
								(Ryoko appears)
Oh Ryoko?
Ryoko: Washu told me stay with you until she can get more info!
	Tenchi: Well you can help me out, okay?
	Ryoko: Sure!			(Ryoko and Tenchi start dusting and 
vacuuming as Ayeka spies 					on them.)
	Ayeka: I wonder too, I wonder if that dream is even real or if 
it's a scam to be closer to Tenchi! I'm going to	see Washu!
								(Ayeka exits)
Scene 7 - Washu's lab.
	Washu: Let's see about this dream of yours Ryoko.		(Ayeka 
enters)
	Ayeka: Miss Washu did you tell Ryoko to stay near Tenchi?
	Washu: Yup I did.
	Ayeka: So is it real, did she really have the dream?
	Washu: Would I tell Ryoko to stay near him if it weren't real? But 
I'm not sure of what it means.
	Ayeka: Well remember that Tenchi's aunt and the baby are coming to 
visit today.
Washu: Yeah, I can't wait to see how little Terro is doing!
	Ayeka: Their coming at 1:00, remember.			(Ayeka 
exits)
	Washu: Little Terro.		(Flash back to when Washu was 
holding Terro as he slept)

Scene 8 - all the girls and Tenchi are standing in front of the house 
waiting to greet Terro.
	Tenchi: Any luck Little Washu with the dream yet? 
	Washu: No not yet, but I wasn't about to work while Terro is here.
	Sasami: Here they come and look Terro's gotten much bigger!
	Auntie: Say hello Terro, say hello.
	Terro: Hi, Tenti. Hi Was-ue.
	Ryoko: Hello Terro, hello.
	Ayeka: Hi Terro, remember me I'm your Auntie Ayeka!
	Terro: BAD ladies, BAD!
	Ryoko: He remembers us.
	Ayeka: Yup, he does.
	Terro: Was-uo.
	Washu: (giggle) Hi Terro, have you been a good boy?
	Auntie: Sure has, ever since he saw that three girls and one guy 
couldn't handle him he's been much better behaved!
	Ryoko: Well we did some good.
	Mihoshi: Yup!
	Ayeka: Indeed...
	Terro: Poo-poo, POO-POO!
	All: AHH!				(Washu picks him up and takes him 
inside)
	Tenchi: I'd like you to meet Kiyone; she's a friend of Mihoshi's.	
Kiyone: How do you do? It's an honor to meet the person who forced 
Mihoshi to learn how to put on diapers.
	All: (lol)
	Mihoshi: Kiyone!				(Washu comes out with Terro on 
her back)
	Washu: Let's go for a walk everyone, the weathers great!
Auntie: Great idea.		(They all walk off to the 
woods and head for Ryoko's 	cave. 
Ryo-oki and Sasami skip ahead as 
Ryoko drags behind the group. Until 
they make it to the cave where they 
stop.)
	Ryoko: This brings back memories. 
	Tenchi: What you say Ryoko?
	Ryoko: Oh nothing, (whispers to Tenchi) when you were a baby you 
and your mother would walk by here as I watched.
	Ayeka: If my memory serves me correctly you saw a lot more then 
that!	(Ryoko and Tenchi blush.)
>Great I brought them closer to each other<
	Terro: Wee!			(The others begin to leave as Tenchi and 
Ryoko begin to talk 						and don't see the 
others leave. They sit there talking for an 					
	hour 'till they realize they're alone.)
	Ryoko: Where is everyone? 
	Tenchi: I guess everyone went home.
Ryoko: Take my hand we'll take a short cut through the meadow!
	(Ryoko grabs 
Tenchi's and flies 
off, only a couple 
feet off the 
ground.)
	Tenchi: Ryoko, slow down! 		(Ryoko slows down to a stop 
and lands in the center 							of the 
field.)
I don't feel so good.
	Ryoko: WHAT!				(Tenchi falls to the ground 
and begins to dissolve to a 						crystal.)
Tenchi, TENCHI!
	Tenchi: Ryoko, good bye.
Ryoko: TENCHI!	(Ryoko falls to her knees and begins to 
cry insanely as she picks up the crystal.)
	TO BE CONTINUED
