

All rights of "Tenchi Muyo" belong to AIC and Pioneer. I have no money, 
so please don't sue me?
^_^* The only character I own is Aireal. So enjoy!
------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------
Episode 3 - Save Tenchi
Scene 1 - in the field.
	Ryoko: TENCHI! I can't loose you Tenchi. Not like this! I love you 
too much to handle this. I'll take you to Washu and if need be I'll give 
up my soul for you to live.	(Ryoko picks up the crystal which 
								was once Tenchi and 
teleports to 
								Washu's lab.)
It'll be alright I promise Tenchi, you'll come back to life and 
everything will be alright. It will be as it was before and we'll live 
happily ever after. You and Ayeka can marry, you've always liked Ayeka 
better. She deserves you more, she didn't try to destroy a whole planet, 
and she didn't try to kill your grandfather. She hasn't done any evil in 
her life like I have. The only reason I'm staying here with 	you is 
because I love you, if you leave me forever I'll just kill myself, I 
CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT YOU! I love you...Love you.
								(Washu enters)
	Washu: Ryoko, where were you and Tenchi? His Aunt left angry 
because of him being rude.
	Ryoko: Washu...				(Ryoko looks up at Washu with 
tears in her eyes.)
	Washu: HUH, RYOKO!
Ryoko: WASHU PLEASE HELP TENCHI!	(Ryoko runs to Washu and falls 
to her knees giving the 
crystal to her.)
WASHU!			(Ryoko grabs Washu's shoulders and begins to 
cry)
	Washu: Oh my darling mommy will fix it, mommy will fix little 
girls love.
	Ryoko: I can't live without him, if you can't save him, well I 
don't know what I'd do!
	Washu: Don't worry little Ryoko I have him up and around in just a 
little while.
	Ryoko: My poor Tenchi.
	Washu: HUH WHAT THE?
	Ryoko: WHAT?
Washu: I can't bring him back, his Jurei energy is too weak! He's 
half earthling making it so I'm unable to bring him back! The only thing 
that can revive him is the Gods!
	Ryoko: WHAT (picking up the crystal) no, NOOOO... TENCHI! I would 
give up my life, my soul for him TENCHI, DAMNIT WAKE UP... WAKE UP!	
	Washu: Ryoko go, go get everyone.	
								(Ryoko exits)
The others must know, Tenchi I'm sorry there's nothing I can do.		
								(All enter.)

Scene 2 - at Washu's lab. 
	Ayeka: Miss Washu what's happened, is everything alright?
	Washu: No Tenchi's... Tenchi's
	All: WHAT!
	Ayeka: No, NO!
	Sasami: Washu, can you do anything?
	Washu: No it's hopeless, there's nothing I can do. 
	Ryoko: There's nothing you can do but there's something I can do!
	All: WHAT!
	Ryoko: I call you once more, I call you forth and give you my 
power to be in this world Aireal APPEAR NOW!			(Aireal 
appears as the lab is destroyed by the energy of him and Ryoko. 
				All go to the living room with Aireal 
following.)
	Aireal: So Ryoko you finally admit you need my help! (giggles) I 
can't wait to work with you!
	Ayeka: Ryoko, who is this?
	Ryoko: Let's just call him an old friend. This is Aireal the most 
powerful being of all time.
	Washu: How do you know him, he is one of the most secretive 
people.
	Ryoko: I'd rather not talk about it!
	Aireal: We dated for a while!
	Ryoko: For a day.
	Aireal: It felt like a lifetime.
	Ryoko: Turned out he just wanted my soul.
	Aireal: Yes, she has the most powerful soul of anyone, anywhere, 
anytime!
Ryoko: Well, I've got an offer for you. Revive Tenchi and give him 
eternal youth and immortality. And my soul is yours and my life is mine!
	Aireal: Hmm, intrusting should I?
	Ryoko: AIREAL!
	Aireal: I'll take it!
	Ryoko: Tenchi FIRST!
	Aireal: Tenchi REVIVE! He's done.				
	(Tenchi appears.)
	Ryoko: Good.
	Aireal: Ryoko, your soul.		(Ryoko begins to glow and she 
drops her knees.)
	Ryoko: AHHH!
Aireal: Nice doing business with you, bye!	(Aireal 
disappears. Tenchi stands alive and 
well and runs to Ryoko.) 
	Tenchi: RYOKO!
	Ryoko: Tenchi.							(Ryoko 
faints)
	Tenchi: Ryoko I'm so sorry I love you, I'm sorry that you had to 
do this.
	Washu: Tenchi, are you alright?
	Tenchi: Yes I'm fine.
	Washu: Good, can you bring Ryoko to my lab?
	Mihoshi: But Washu wasn't you lab destroyed?
	Washu: Yes, but it is the best place.			(Tenchi 
picks up Ryoko and carries her as 							
	everyone heads to Washu's lab.)
Scene 3 - Washu's lab.
	Washu: I'll need to do some testing to be sure, but I think that 
the demon really did it!
	Tenchi: How can you tell if someone's soul is not there?
	Washu: Well, if someone has no soul they can't laugh or cry. They 
can want to, but they can't do it.
	Tenchi: Oh Ryoko, my poor Ryoko.
	Ayeka: So Tenchi, you choose Ryoko. She'll be so happy I'm sure.
	Washu: Oh... look she's waking up!
	Tenchi: Ryoko are you alright?
	Washu: Tenchi she can't answer, without her soul she'll be in a 
trans with empty eyes.
	Tenchi: Oh Ryoko.
	
Scene 4 - in the middle of no where with Aireal and Ryoko.
	Aireal: I finnally have you Ryoko, your soul is mine.
	Ryoko: Tenchi.
	Aireal: So how do you feel?
	Ryoko: Tenchi.
	Aireal: So?
	Ryoko: Tenchi. 
	Aireal: Is that all your going to say?
	Ryoko: Tenchi.   
	Aireal: RYOKO!
	Ryoko: Tenchi.   
	Aireal: So help me!
	Ryoko: Tenchi.   
	Aireal: Nevermind.
	Ryoko: Tenchi, Tenchi, Tenchi, Tenchi, Tenchi...
	
Scene 5 - back at the Musaki residence with the whole family.
	Tenchi: I must get Ryoko's soul back, I owe her it.
	Washu: I better come along if you need a docter.
	Yosho: I'm coming too.						(Tsunami 
appears)
	Tsunami: So am I.
	Tenchi: Thank you Tsunami, Grandfather.
	Tsunami: Come all.
	Ryo-oki: Meow, MEEOOW!			(101 Ryo-oki crystals appear 
and turn in to 								space 
ships.)
	All Ryo-oki: MEOOOW!
	Tenchi: Come Ryo-oki lets go!			(All the characters go 
into Tsunami and all 								the 
Ryo-okis follow.)
	
Scene 6 - all are heading to space and following the tracking meter on 
Ryoko. As Ryoko and
Aireal are watching. 
	Ryoko: TENCHI! Go back, turn back TENCHI! 
	Aireal: So you finnally say something other then "Tenchi"! That's 
all you've said  since I've brought you here!
	Ryoko: Tenchi.
	Aireal: Dam.
	Ryoko: Tenchi.							(Aireal 
disappears.)
Tenchi.			(Ryoko flashbacks to when Tenchi dies and then 
to when Tenchi comes back
			to life.)
Tenchi, I'm so sorry don't come please don't come. I have nothing left 
to give to save you.
I love you Tenchi, I love you.						(Ryoko 
begins to cry.)
	
Scene 7 - Tenchi is in the prayer room in Tsunami, alone.
	Tenchi: Ryoko I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to get you into this 
mess.	(Ayeka enters.)
	Ayeka: Tenchi, what do you mean "this mess"?
	Tenchi: Ayeka, I know who killed me.
	Ayeka: Who?
	Tenchi: I did.
	Ayeka: What?
	Tenchi: I killed myself.
To Be Continued

All rights of "Tenchi Muyo" belong to AIC and Pioneer. I have no money, 
so please don't sue me?
^_^* The only character I own is Aireal. So enjoy!
------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------
Episode 4 - Ryoko and Tenchi's Love 
Scene 1 - in the pray room in Tsunami.
	Ayeka: What Tenchi, why?					(Yosho 
enters)
	Yosho: It's because of me.
	Ayeka: But why?
	Yosho: Because there was an ancient prophet that said that that 
the first grandchild of the first crown prince will die. I discided that 
he needed to get it past us. I thought that I would be able to revive 
him but out of love Ryoko acted out and brought him to Washu. Doesn't 
matter, if Washu couldn't revive him, I wouldn't been able to.
	Ayeka: But why kill him why not wait?  
	Tenchi: Grandfather didn't want me to suffer so he gave me a pill 
which would kill me when I least expect it, but give me no pain. Other 
wize I might of felt pain. 			(Yosho exits)
Ayeka: How could you, don't you realize that you could have never 
come back to us? What would you have us do if you never came back?
	Tenchi: I didn't know that there was such a risk, if I did I would 
have told you.
	Ayeka: Isn't dying enough?	(Ayeka puts her arms around Tenchi 
and holds him close.)
Tenchi: I wasn't suppose to die when I was around you girls. I was 
soppose to die with Grandfather and none of you would know the better.	
	(Ayeka pulls back and looks at Tenchi for a moment 			
				and then she slaps Tenchi.)
	Ayeka: How could you, HOW COULD YOU? Not only for me, but for all 
of us! And LOOK, look what you did to Ryoko! Even she who tried to 
destroy my world, doesn't disserve this!
	Tenchi: I know, I had no idea. I'm sorry.				(Ayeka 
exits)

Scene 2 - in Washu's lab.
	Washu: So your saying that Yosho and Tenchi planed his death?
	Ayeka: Yes.
	Washu: Well that's interesting. I'll have to talk to Yosho. When 
you leave don't tell anyone else what you've learned, because if Ryoko 
learns of it after we get her soul! Well I'd hate to see what happens. 
	Ayeka: Right.							(Ayeka 
exits)
	Washu: I wonder? (talks in an intercome) Yosho I need to see you!
								(Washu types as she 
waits.)  
									(Yosho enters.)
	Yosho:  Yes Washu?
	Washu: I need to under stand some things. I thought that Tenchi 
couldn't die, because he was the same as the sword?
Yosho: Yes that is true but as you also know, destiny is 
everything and if he didn't die like he did he would be sent to the Pit!
	Washu: The Pit? Are you talking about that pit in Jurei that only 
the doom can even set foot near?
	Yosho: Yes and destiny is stronger then magic!
	Washu : So you disided to give him less pain?  So you gave him a 
pill, but in beleaving that it hadn't worked you sent him off, but it 
turns out it just was slow working.
	Yosho: Exactlly.    

Scene 3 - in the middle of nowhere with Ryoko and Aireal.
	Ryoko: Tenchi hold on to your life and never let go. 		
	(Arieal enters)
	Aireal: Ryoko, I brought some sake!
	Ryoko: You basterd I can't drink it will just go through me, I'm a 
GHOST! 
(Ryoko begins to age suddenly stopping at the 
looks of a 30 			years old.)
What the hells happening to me? Why am I ageing, I'm dead!
	Aireal: You're not dead, and I don't know why your ageing!
	Ryoko: I thought you were all knowing? 
Aireal: I'm not.
Ryoko: You better look it up!
							(Ryoko ages to 40.)
	Aireal: I'll be right back!					
	(Aireal disappears)
	Ryoko: What's happening?					(Aireal 
appears)
	Aireal: I've got the answer, your ageing because you have nothing 
supporting your life force. There are only two things that supported 
your soul's life were your body and the love from another person.
	Ryoko: What do you mean? 
	Aireal: Well first off, when your soul is in your body it is 
charged by the heart and  you are a demon and so your soul is not 
supported by god. And you don't know if someone loves you as a lover or 
not, and you have to know for it to work.
	Ryoko: What about Tenchi, I love him and he at least loves me as a 
friend!
	Aireal: Not enough.
Ryoko: Tenchi if you're going to save me hurry up. No matter what 
I love you Tenchi, I love you.
							(Ryoko ages to 50.)
Tenchi, Tenchi . . . Tenchi.

Scene 4 - in the main room of Tsunami.
	Tsunami: I think we should attack them on the Shadow Lands they'll 
never suspect that since most die if they go in that but since we have 
Washu who incidentally created it we'll be fine.
Washu: Ya, we'll be all right, no problem.
	Tenchi: Grandpa?
	Yosho: I agree, he may be all knowing but he doesn't know the 
future.
	Tsunami: We're coming to the Shadow Lands after we're in, it'll 
only be a couple of minutes.

Scene 5 - We see Ryoko watching in the globe that shows the ship of 
Tsunami. Then you see Tsunami flying into darkness with the ryo-oki's 
following. 
	Ryoko: Tenchi.
	Tenchi: Ryoko.		(Ryoko realizes that the ships had arrived 
and Aireal appears.)
	Aireal: Ryoko, lets go!			(Aireal grabs Ryoko and pulls 
her away.)
	Ryoko: NO!				(Tenchi and the gang enter.)
	Tenchi: LET HER GO!
All girls: Yeah!
	Yosho: You have shamed the gods of every world!
	Aireal: So what it doesn't matter, I control it all!	(Ryoko pulls 
away and fly's to Tenchi.)
Tenchi: I brought something for you.	(Tenchi reveals Ryoko's 
body and lets her rejoin with it. As 
Ryoko joins her body she regains her 
youth.)
Ryoko: I love you Tenchi, but you shouldn't have come!
Tenchi: I needed to find you to say thank you and to say I love 
you.
Ryoko: Tenchi, lets take care of this ass!
Tenchi: Okay!	(All attack Aireal. Ryoko puts on 
her battle outfit and gives the 
first blow.)
Ryoko: HAAAAAH! DAM YOU!	(Ryoko gives Tenchi a shot at 
Aireal, the light sword swipes his 
arm off cleanly with hardly any 
blood.)
Tenchi: Dam you I'll make you pay for all you have done!
	Aireal: Hmm, yeah right! Your nothing compared to me!
	Tenchi: What the... how come he's not in pain, I just caught off 
his arm!
Aireal: Was I suppose to do something? Oh, ouch.	(Aireal 
grows back his arm and makes a 
huge ball of energy.)
There is nothing you can do! I will have Ryoko if I have to kill all of 
you!	(He throws 
the energy ball.)
All: Ahhhh!	(All fall to their knees, and lie on the ground till 
the smoke passes. Ryoko rises to her feet and shakes 
off the dust. Then she sees the others on the ground 
but can't see Tenchi. She runs to Ayeka and picks up 
her head.)
Ryoko: Ayeka are you alright, where's Tenchi?
Ayeka: Ryoko good bye.					(Ayeka dies.)
Ryoko: She's dead, they're all dead! But where's Tenchi? TENCHI!
Tenchi: Ryoko.				(Tenchi calls as Ryoko follows 
the sound.)
Ryoko: Oh Tenchi are you all right?
Tenchi: I'm sorry I couldn't save you. Ryoko I love you.
	(Tenchi dies.)
Ryoko: I won't let it end this way, you will be all right!	
	(Ryoko attacks.)
Haaa, I'll kill you I swear it!
Aireal: I wouldn't if I were you.	(Aireal shoots a massive 
energy ball at Ryoko, which hits her 					
	directly and throws her back.)
Ryoko: Huh, he's strong.
Aireal: What did you expect, I am the strongest being of all time 
and space!
Ryoko: Tenchi?
Aireal: I'll kill you quickly so I don't have to hear you scream.
(Aireal makes an energy sword appear 
and aims it at Ryoko.)
You ready to die? Because I'm ready to kill you.	(Aireal strikes at 
Ryoko and puts the sword through her 
heart.)
	Ryoko: Tenchi, I'm sorry Tenchi.				(Ryoko 
dies.)
	Aireal: Ha, you loss I win! So what if I don't have Ryoko's soul 
at least no one else has her.

Scene 6 - Aireal has left leaving the bodies on the ground Ryoko and 
Tenchi are lying together while the rest of them are a yard back. Then 
the gems on the sword and the gem on Ryoko begin to glow. Then the gems 
free themselves from the sword and Ryoko and float above the dead 
couple. They glow to a bright white as they revive the dead and fly off 
to Aireal's courters as the others follow.
	Aireal: What the?
	Gems: You have done evil and must punish!		(Gems rejoin with 
Ryoko.)
	Ryoko: You haven't seen anything yet now I have all the gems and I 
will destroy you!
	Aireal: Yeah right you can't do anything to me.
Ryoko: Watch me, Ryo-okis come!	(101 ryo-okis appear as Ryoko 
is empowered by the gems and 
produces a longer sword then 
normal.)
This time I'll really kill you, attack!			(The ryo-okis 
shoot lasers at Aireal as Ryoko strikes 					
	with the sword and puts it through his stumick.)
	Aireal: Bitch, you demon!
Washu: Ryoko stop!	(Ryoko pulls the sword out of his stumick 
and looks at Washu.)
Ryoko: Washu!
Washu: Ryoko if you kill him you'll become him!
Ryoko: What?				(Tsunami appears.)
Tsunami: She's right if you kill him you will gain all his power 
and knowledge.
Ryoko: And this is bad because?
Washu: Because you'll be the leader of all, including the three 
goddesses!
Ryoko: Uh huh?
Tsunami: If you kill him you won't be able to marry Tenchi!
Ryoko: Why not?
Aireal: Because you'll be too high up for him and if you marry 
he'll die!
Ryoko: Fine you won't die, but stay away from us all right!
Aireal: Okay.
Ryoko: Good, oh by the way, how did you kill Tenchi when he was 
Immortal?
Aireal: I lied.	(Ryoko glares at Aireal for a moment then 
she walks away making the sword 
disappear.)
You will die! DIE!	(Aireal attacks as Ryoko turns to him as 
the light hawk wings grow around her.)
You demon, how did you know?	(The light hawk wings glow as they shoot a 
beam of energy at Aireal.)
	Ryoko: One I'm warrior, and two you yelled it out! Dumb ASS!
	(Aireal dies.)
Ah, what the? 
					(Washu and Tsunami faint as Yosho and 
Kiyone catch them.)
 	Tenchi: Ryoko, your gaining his power and knowledge.
	Ryoko: Tenchi?
	Tenchi: You did very well, good job.
	Ryoko: I don't want his knowledge, he's a dumb ass!
	Tenchi: What?
	Ryoko: When he had me he told me he had very little knowledge, 
that he was a fraud! He only knew things he had lived or heard.
	Tenchi: Grandfather are Washu and Tsunami all right?
	Yosho: Yes, wait Washu is waking up!
	Washu: Ryoko?
	Tenchi: Are you all right?
	Washu: Yes, but is Ryoko all right?
	Ryoko: I'm all right, but what's happening to me?	
	(Tsunami awakes.)
	Tsunami: Washu, sister?
	Washu: I'm all right, you?
	Tsunami: Fine.
	All: Sisters?
	Washu: It's not important now!	(Washu and Tsunami walk to 
Ryoko and bow.)
	Ryoko: Why are you bowing?
	Tsunami: Because you are the leader of all things now.
	Washu: Yes, you killed Aireal and now you can do anything you 
want.
	Ayeka: But she can't marry Tenchi now, so he's mine!
	Tsunami: Not true, you see he was lying about that.
	Washu: And he was controlling us so we would back him up.
			Ryoko: Wait up, I maybe some supreme one now but I don't 
really care. I'm only going to use the powers for good and I don't want 
to be leader so you guy's rule.
	Tsunami: Yes, your majesty.
	Ryoko: Look I don't want any of you treating me different, okay?
	All: Okay.
	Ryoko: Wait a minute, there is one thing I'm going to take 
advantage of right now, but only this once.			(Ryoko puts 
her arms around Tenchi's neck then gives him a passionate kiss.)
	Ayeka: Ryoko! Tenchi?
	Ryoko: So?					(Tenchi blushes.)

All rights of "Tenchi Muyo" belong to AIC and Pioneer. I have no money, 
so please don't sue me?
^_^* The only characters I own are Mike, Rachel, Sarah, and the Host. So 
enjoy!
------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------
Episode 5 - Prom Night
Scene 1 - at Tenchi's school.
	Teacher: Well kids, ready for the prom?
	Kids: YEAH!
	Mike: So Tenchi, which girl are you going to bring?
	Tenchi: I have no idea. I might not go since I have so much to do.
	Mike: Bummer, well I'm bringing Sarah.			(Bell 
rings.)
 	Tenchi: Well I better go.
	Mike: Well remember it's tomorrow, call me if you change your 
mind!	(Tenchi exits.)	
I wish I were in his shoes.

Scene 2 - at Musaki residence.
	Tenchi: I'm home!
Ryoko and Ayeka: Tenchi!
	Ayeka: Take me!
	Ryoko: NO, take me!
	Tenchi: Take you where?
	Ryoko: To the PROM of course!
	Ayeka: He's not taking you anywhere!
	Ryoko: Oh yeah bitch!
	Tenchi: Ryoko! Now you aren't going!
	Ryoko: Dam!
	Tenchi: Ryoko!
	Ryoko: Sorry.
	Ayeka: Haha!

Scene 3 - the next night, and the doorbell rings.
	Tenchi: I got it!
	Mike: Hi Tenchi, great suit!
	Tenchi: Where's Sarah?
	Mike: She got sick.
	Tenchi: That sucks, Ayeka!
	Ayeka: Coming!

Scene 4 - in Ayeka's room.
	Ryoko: I gotta say you look good Ayeka.
	Ayeka: Thank you, but your still not going!
			Ryoko: Ayeka.				(Ryoko and Ayeka 
enter room where Tenchi is.)
	Tenchi: Ayeka you look great, but will one of you be Mike's date?
	Ryoko: What happened to his?
	Mike: She got sick.
	Ryoko: Well I'll be your date!
Ayeka and Tenchi: WHAT!
	Mike: You will?
	Ryoko: Sure! >This will get me back on Tenchi's good side.<	(Ryoko 
exits.)
Got to get ready, one second! Ready!				(Ryoko 
enters.)
Tenchi and Mike: Wow. 
	Mike: You look, well.
	Tenchi: GREAT! You look great.
	Ryoko: Thanks, let's go!
	All: Right!						(All exit.)

Scene 5 - at the prom.
	Host: All right everyone it's time to party! I want every one of 
you to cast a vote for our prom king and queen! And in just a few 
minutes we're going to have the dance contest!
	Kids: YEAH! 
	Mike: Do you dance Ryoko?
	Ryoko: Do I dance? Of course I do!
	Tenchi: Ryoko you dance? 
	Ryoko: Yup! 
	Ayeka: I never knew that?
	Ryoko: We've never been to a dance before.		(Ryoko and 
Mike go off and dance.)
	Tenchi: Would you like to dance?
	Ayeka: I can't.
	Tenchi: Why not?
	Ayeka: I can't dance.
	Tenchi: I'm not very good either so lets go get some snacks.
	Ayeka: Okay.
	Ryoko: Wonder what they're doing?
	Mike: I know you would much rather be with Tenchi. He's told me a 
lot about you and Ayeka. To tell you the true, from what's he's told me 
of Ayeka I'd rather be with her.	(Ryoko glares.)
Not that your bad, she's just more my type!
	Ryoko: There is away we both can be happy.
	Mike: What?
	Ryoko: After we win that dance contest, we can go to them and 
offer to teach them how to dance.
	Mike: Good idea. But do you think we could really win the dance 
contest?
	Ryoko: Worth a try.
	Host: And now it's time for the dance contest, so everyone who 
wants to try let's get dancing!
(Ryoko and Mike dance like mad they do moves from many 
famous dances like the waltz only they modernized it.)
	Host: And it looks like we'll have a close one this year! But wait 
Mike just lifted his partner and now their doing some dirty dancing! So 
kids, who should win? Mike and his partner, or Jim and Rabecca?
	Kids: Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike!
	Host: I guess the winner is Mike and his lovely partner! (Mike and 
Ryoko stop dancing.) So how do you feel?
	Mike: Great!
	Host: And who is this gorgus creature and where is she from?
	Mike: This is Ryoko, one of the six girls that live with Tenchi. 
My date got sick and so she offered to be my date.
	Host: Six girls? (Quietly talks to an official.) I just got the 
word that we'll be announcing the king and queen in a half an hour so 
everyone please cast your votes?
	Tenchi: You guys were great!
	Ryoko: Thanks. But now it's time for us to achieve our second goal 
for tonight.
	Ayeka: What's that?
	Mike: We're going to teach you guys how to dance!
Tenchi and Ayeka: What?
	Ryoko: Come on Tenchi I'll try to go easy on you.
	Mike: Please Ayeka?
	Ayeka: All right, come on Tenchi it'll be fun!
	Mike: I'll dance with you and Ryoko will dance with Tenchi.
		(Scene ends with Ryoko and Mike teaching Ayeka and Tenchi to 
dance.)

Scene 6 - a little later in the garden behind the school where Ryoko and 
Tenchi are talking.
	Tenchi: Thank you Ryoko for being Mike's date.
	Ryoko: To tell you the truth I only did it to get back on your 
good side for calling Ayeka a bitch, I'm sorry.
	Tenchi: That's all right.
	Ryoko: It's just Ayeka bugs me so much sometimes I could just. 
(Tenchi takes Ryoko's face and points it to him. Then he 
kisses her with a feeling of lust and love.)
	Tenchi: I love you Ryoko, and I'll always love you.
(Ryoko and Tenchi then kiss with more passion then before 
not noticing Ayeka spying on them.)
	Ayeka: Tenchi?						(Mike enters 
holding some punch.)
	Mike: I got us some punch? (He notices Tenchi and Ryoko.) So I 
see.
								(He takes Ayeka to a 
bench.)
	Ayeka: Aren't you mad?
	Mike: No.
	Ayeka: Why not?
	Mike: For two reasons, one they love each other. 
	Ayeka: And two?
	Mike: Because I would have much rather come with you as my date.
	(She gives him a little kiss 							
			on the cheek.)
	Host: And now it's time to announce our king and queen so would 
all students come to the stage!
	Ryoko: Come on Tenchi!				(Ryoko and Tenchi head 
to the stage.)
	Mike: Lets go Ayeka!				(Ayeka and Mike head for 
the stage.)
	Host: We all here? Great! And our king is TENCHI!
	Kids: TENCHI! 
	Ryoko: Go on Tenchi!		(Ryoko pushes him on to the stage 
and stands in the back.)
	Tenchi: Thank you.
	Host: And our queen is RACHAEL!
	Kids: Boo! 
	Host: How to you feel?
	Rachael: I feel great! >Tenchi is mine now<
				Ryoko: When I'm dead!	(Ryoko walks up to 
Tenchi and Rachael and kicks her off the stage.)
	Kids: YEAH!
	Host: Well I guess Ryoko is our new queen? And now it's time for 
the royal dance!
	Rachael: Bitch!
	Ryoko: Yeah?		(Rachael try's to slap Ryoko, but Ryoko 
catches her arm and punches.)
	Rachael: Bitch! Wait where's my fake boob? AH.		(Rachael 
runs out.)
	Ryoko: Let's dance Tenchi.	
			(Scene ends with Tenchi and Ryoko dancing.)

Scene 7 - at Masaki residence.
	Ayeka: Thank you for the lovely time.
	Mike: I should be thanking you.		(Ayeka gives him a small 
kiss and walks inside.)
 	Ryoko: Tenchi, I'll never forget this night. 
	Tenchi: I love you.			(They kiss and then go to 
bed.)

All rights of "Tenchi Muyo" belong to AIC and Pioneer. I have no money, 
so please don't sue me?
^_^* The only character I own is the Minister. So enjoy!
------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------
Episode 6 - To Be, or Not To Be
Scene 1 - at Ryoko's cave.
	Ryoko: Tenchi I think it's time.
	Tenchi: I do too.	
	Ryoko: I'll meet you there then.				(Ryoko 
disappears.)
	
Scene 2 - at Masaki residence.	
	Tenchi: Dad I have to take care of some business in Tokyo. 
	Nobeyuki: All right Tenchi.
	Ayeka: What are you going to be doing?
	Tenchi: Washu I'm leaving you in charge. Bye every one take care!
	Mihoshi: I wonder what he's going to do?

Scene 3 - Tenchi is on a train to Tokyo and Ryoko joins him.
	Ryoko: So how long is the train ride?
	Tenchi: Eight hours.
	Ryoko: Too long let's go.		(Ryoko grabs Tenchi and his 
luggage and disappears.)
	
Scene 4 - at Tokyo Temple where Ryoko and Tenchi are praying for a good 
life.
	Ryoko: Do you think the gods will bless us?
	Tenchi: Of course.
	Ryoko: Can you believe we're going to be one tomorrow?
	Tenchi: We're all ready one, we always were. We're each other's 
destiny.
	Ryoko: Tenchi.					(They kiss.)

Scene 5 - at the ten minute marriage service.
	Minister: Do you Tenchi, take Ryoko for your hot wife?
	Tenchi: With all my heart and soul.
	Minister: Do you Ry.
	Ryoko: DUH! >I've been waiting long enough<
	Minister: Then I now pronounce you man and wife! Money please?
						(Ryoko and Tenchi glance at each 
other.)
Ryoko and Tenchi: >>He's destroying the moment<<

Scene 6 - at the Masaki residence.
	Tenchi: I'm home!
	Ayeka: TENCHI!					(Ayeka hugs Tenchi as 
Ryoko watches.)
	Ryoko: AYEKA!
	Ayeka: Where have you been?
	Ryoko: >Getting married<
	Tenchi: Get every one together, I've got some good news!
	Ayeka: Okay.						(Ayeka exits.)
	Ryoko: I'll leave while you tell them.
	Tenchi: Don't worry I'll protect you.
	Ryoko: From five women who have the hots for you? Right.
	
Scene 7 - later with everyone in the living room.
	Mihoshi: So what's the good news Tenchi?
	Sasami: Did you get us presents?
	Ayeka: Sasami!
	Sasami: Sorry.
	Tenchi: Well.				(Ryoko appears and hugs 
Tenchi.)
	Ayeka: GET OFF OF HIM!
	Ryoko: Why should I? HE'S MY HUSBAND!
	All: WHAT?
	Ayeka: Is this true Tenchi?
	Tenchi: Yes, Ryoko and I are now legally one.			(Ayeka 
exits.)
	All: Congratulations!
Tenchi and Ryoko: Thank you.
	Yosho: I want to give you two a traditional wedding.
	Sasami: Can I be your flower girl Ryoko?
	Ryoko: Yes, I would love you to be my flower girl. Tenchi I'm 
going to find Ayeka okay?
	Tenchi: All right.						(Ryoko 
disappears.)
	
Scene 8 - at the shrine tree with Ayeka.
	Ayeka: Tenchi why?					(Ryoko appears.)
	Ryoko: Because we're in love.
	Ayeka: Really, are you really in love?
	Ryoko: Yes. I would do anything for him. If he were in love with 
you for real I would let you marry because his happiness is my 
happiness.
	Ayeka: Then I give you my blessing.
	Ryoko: Thank you Ayeka.			(Ryoko gives Ayeka a 
reassuring hug.)
You will find happiness soon, I promise.	
	Ayeka: Ryoko?
	Ryoko: Will you be my maid of honor?
	Ayeka: Yes.

Scene 9 - at the end of Ryoko and Tenchi's wedding.
Yosho: And I now pronounce you man and wife. You may now kiss the 
bride.		
	(Ryoko and Tenchi kiss and then run off together as the 
others throw rice. The scene stops as Tenchi and Ryoko's 
voices speak.)
	Tenchi: >And this is our happy ending<

