All rights of "Tenchi Muyo" belong to AIC and Pioneer. I have no money, so
please don't sue me?
^_^* The one character I do own is Mike. So enjoy!

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------
-Episode 1 - Kiyone's Revenge
Scene 1 - at the Galaxy Police Headquarters.
    Official: Well I most say what a relief it is to finally find you. And
to
say how sorry we are to have not have found you sooner.
    Kiyone: And?
    Official: And to apologize for teaming you up with Detective Mihoshi.
    Kiyone: Well I guess I can over look it?
    Official: Good, now this is a copy of your next assignment.
    Kiyone: (reads) > FIND MIHOSHI< What?
    Official: Well ah we need someone to find her and everyone else is busy.
We know technically where she is, but we haven't been able to convince her
to
come back!
    Kiyone: Well get someone else to do it and I'll take over his or her
assignments!
    Official: But Mihoshi trusts you and all of the other assignments are
too
complicated for you to just come into the middle of.
    Kiyone: Well I won't do it!
    Official: If you don't do it you will be terminated from the Force! And
we both know how important the Force is to you.
    Kiyone: It's my whole life.
    Official: Good so you will be going then?
    Kiyone: Yes.
    Official: Good, there is a ship ready for you at the docking port. Good
luck!
                                (Kiyone exits.)
>She'll need it<

Scene 2 - at the Masaki residence in the morning.
    Tenchi: Well I better get to school.
    Ryoko: Oh don't go Tenchi, stay here and have some fun with me.
    Tenchi: I have to go Ryoko, but I'll be back right after school.
    Sasami: Don't forget your lunch Tenchi!
    Tenchi: Thank you Sasami.
    Sasami: I remembered no fermented beans in your rice.
    Ayeka: Well have a good day.
    Ryoko: Why don't I just teleport you there Tenchi?
    Ayeka: You won't be teleporting him anywhere!       (Tenchi exits.)
    Ryoko: Oh yeah, Ayeka!
    Ayeka: YEAH!
Ryoko and Ayeka: Bitch!

Scene 3 - in Tenchi's class.
    Teacher: Now class I want you all to meet our new transfer student Miss
Kiyone.
    Boy 1: Tenchi, the new girl's staring right at you.
    Tenchi: Please be quite, I have to finish last nights homework!
    Boy 1: All right all ready!
    Mike: Give the guy a brake!
    Teacher: Boys do have something to share with the class? And Tenchi are
you doing your homework again?
    Mike: Um Miss, the transfer student?
    Teacher: Oh yes of course, you will sit behind Tenchi all right?
(Kiyone sits.)
Okay well now…
    Tenchi: Hay thanks, what's your name?
    Mike: The name's Mike, why are you always doing your work in class?
    Tenchi: Can't do it at home, too many girls.
    Mike: Too many girls?
    Tenchi: Live with five of them.

Scene 4 - at the end of the school day while Tenchi's walking home.
    Kiyone: So you're Tenchi?
    Tenchi: Is there something I can do for you?
    Kiyone: You take me home.
    Tenchi: What?
    Kiyone: I know you have her! I know she lives with you!
    Tenchi: Her who?
    Kiyone: Mihoshi!
    Tenchi: So you're the Kiyone, Mihoshi told us about.
    Kiyone: I've come to take her home.
    Tenchi: Oh well then come along.

Scene 5 - at Masaki residence.
    Sasami: TENCHI'S HOME!      (All but Mihoshi go to greet Tenchi as he
walks up.)
Ayeka and Ryoko: TENCHI!                (They notice Kiyone.)
    Ayeka: Tenchi who is that?
    Kiyone: Wait a minute, you're princess Ayeka and you're princess Sasami!
And you, you're the Space Pirate Ryoko!
    Ryoko: Glad you heard of me, Tenchi who is this girl?
    Tenchi: This is Kiyone, Mihoshi's old partner.
    Ryoko: You're the Kiyone that we've heard so much about?
    Kiyone: I can't believe this, I'm stuck in space while Mihoshi surrounds
herself with royalty and a Space Pirate!                            (Mihoshi
enters.)
Mihoshi: Kiyone is that you?    (Mihoshi runs to give Kiyone a huge when
Kiyone slaps her across the face.)
Ryoko: Great job! And I'm not being sarcastic.
Mihoshi: Kiyone how could you?
Kiyone: How could I, how could you leave me in space for three years!
Mihoshi: Sorry, I thought you were dead.
Kiyone: And why did you not check?
Mihoshi: I didn't want to see your guts!
Kiyone: I give up!
Mihoshi: I'm so glad you safe!
Kiyone: Yeah, yeah let's go!
Sasami: Go, go where?
Kiyone: I'm taking her home.
Mihoshi: But I don't want to go!    (Ryoko disappears and then appears with
Mihoshi's bags.)
Ryoko: Well if you have to go, go. Bye!
Mihoshi: Can't we stay one more night?
Sasami: Yes, and we'll have a going away party!
Tenchi: Good idea, so what do you say Kiyone?
Kiyone: All right, but no more than one night.

Scene 6 - later while everyone's celebrating.
    Ryoko: Wee!
    Sasami: Uh-oh, Ryoko's drunk again.
    Ryoko: I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated.
    Tenchi: Come on I'll take you to bed.           (Ryoko and Tenchi exit.)
    Mihoshi: BYE!

Scene 7 - in the morning and everyone is lined up to say good bye.
    Mihoshi: Good bye everyone! Good bye Sasami, Ayeka I'll miss you. Bye
Miss Washu, thank you for fixing my ship so many times.
    Washu: Take care.
    Mihoshi: Bye Ryoko and thank you for… well just thank you.
    Ryoko: My head.
    Mihoshi: And good bye Tenchi.
    Tenchi: Good bye Mihoshi.
    Kiyone: Come on we have to go!
    Mihoshi: Bye!
Kiyone: Thanks.                 (Mihoshi and Kiyone enter the ship.)
All: BYE!   (The ship starts up and begins to fly in the sky, when all of a
sudden the ship explodes.)

Scene 8 - after Mihoshi and Kiyone are recovered.
    Sasami: What happened?
    Mihoshi: I don't know, I guess we'll have to stay here.
    Kiyone: You planed this!
    Ayeka: What's this, I found it on a piece of ship.
    Washu: This is one of my explosives I use to get rid of things.
    Kiyone: Mihoshi! I'll kill you!     (Kiyone begins chasing Mihoshi
around.)
