 This Fanfic is not sutable for inmature people. This fanfic contains 
sex and other content. Please don't read this if you are not a mature 
person. Please read this fanfic and tell me what you think. I don't own 
any of the charactors in this fanfic. They belong to Pioneer and A.I.C. 
I think. (My notes and coming soon fanfics are at the bottom.)

Tenchi was outside working in the carrot patch along with Ryoohki. 
Tenchi picked up the carrots with Ryoohki on his shoulder. As he got 
home Ryoko and Ayeka jumpped all over him.

"Oh Tenchi! I missed you so much." Ryoko said squeezing the life out of 
him.

"I was just gone for 20min." Tenchi said hardly breathing.

"Oh lord Tenchi! It seems like forever to me." Ayeka said also holding 
onto Tenchi.

"Hey Princess!. Tenchi belongs to me so back off!" Ryoko letting go of 
Tenchi. Then Ayeka let go of Tenchi as he fell to the floor gasping for 
air.

"Miss Ryoko! How dare you put a lable on Tenchi for yourself. Tenchi 
rightfuly belongs to me. He is a decendent of Jurai and he should 
rightfuly marry me."
Ayeka said.

"Forget about Jurai! Tenchi can marry who he wants and that's me you old 
hag!" Ryoko yelled.

"Your are nothing but a worthless tramp!" Ayeka said.

"What did you call me?!" Ryoko said.

As much as they cared about Tenchi he was still on the floor breating 
for air.

"Girls! Stop it! I don't like any of you. More that the other." Tenchi 
said standing up.

"I'll figure out who likes you the most Tenchi." Ayeka and Ryoko said 
glaring at each other. They both marched outside. Tenchi not caring 
where they were going, went into the kitchen with the carrots. Ryoohki 
followed him. 

"Here's the carrots you asked for Sasami." Tenchi said.

Suprisingly Sasami wasn't cooking. It was Kiyone!

"Hi Tenchi! Sasami is feeling under the weather so I'm making her some 
soup. Would you like anything?" Kiyone said with a smile on her face. 
Tenchi froze for a minute and turned red. Then he shook himself from the 
trance. 

"Ok! Um...It's almost dinnertime. Do you need any help?" Tenchi asked 
putting down the carrots and giving one to Ryoohki as she ran out 
cherring with joy.

"Tenchi. Can you take the soup up to Sasami?" Kiyone asked handing the 
bowl to him.

"Ok!" Tenchi took the hot bowl of miso soup up to Sasami. Along with 
some hot tea. Tenchi knocked on Sasami's door.

"Come *cough* in." Sasami said. She sounded terrible. 

Tenchi walked into the door. Sasami was so red. Tenchi grabed the 
thermometer on the dresser. Tenchi set the soup and the tea on the 
bedtray.

"Sasami. Can you open your mouth?" Tenchi asked.
Sasami noded yes and opened her mouth. He took Sasami's tempature was 
110 degrees.

"Whoh! Sasami! Your burning up with fever." Tenchi said in shock. "Did 
you take some medicine?"

Sasami knoded. "Kiyone said all I needed was some soup and tea and I'll 
feel a little better." Sasami said with a cough after that. 

"Ok. I brought you some soup and some tea." he said putting the bedtray 
over her. "After your finshed I'll bring somemore medicine." 

"Ok." Sasami said sitting up. She took the spoon and started to take 
slow sips.

Tenchi took an old bell off the dresser. 

"If you need anthing at all. Ryoko, Ayeka, Kiyone, Washu, Mihoshi, and I 
will come and help you. Ok?"
Tenchi said.

Sasami nodded.

Tenchi walked out of the room. Right in front of him was Kiyone. Almost 
close to kissing her. He acedently scared her. She stared to fall 
backwards and he grabbed her by her waist and pulled her up close to 
him. She wrapped her arms around him. They both quickly released each 
other.

"Um.....dinner is ready...Can you get Mihoshi and Washu while I get the 
timebombs in the yard?" Kiyone said studering.

"Uh....Ok. I'll go right now and get them." Tenchi said in the same 
fashion.

They both went there sepetrate ways both in the shade of red.


***********************************************

 Everyone was the the lunch table in seconds. Ryoko and Ayeka was both 
exsosted and couldn't move so Kiyone had to drag them to the table. She 
looked pretty chared herself.

"You two embrass this wholehouse hold." Kiyone said. 

She went over to her seat at the table until they heard a ring.

"What's that noise?" asked Mihoshi.

"It's Sasami's bell. Can you respond to it Mihoshi?" Tenchi said.

"Ok! No problem Tenchi." Mihoshi said standing up. She acedentaly 
spilled the hot tea on Kiyone.

"Ahhhhh! Mihoshi! I just washed this." Kiyone said grabbing a towel off 
the table.

"I'm sorry Kiyone! I didn't mean to." Mihoshi said standing up then 
bowing.

"Just go help Sasami!" Kiyone said still trying to wipe the stain off 
her paints.

"Ok!" Mihoshi said. She rushed upstairs to suit Sasami's needs.

"Hello *cough 3x* Mihoshi." Sasami seemed a little better and a little 
worse.

"Oh Sasami! You shouldn't speak. You need your rest." Mihoshi said with 
a little worried expresstion on her face. She grabed a little pen from 
her pocket. It looked hi-tech. She pulled a little thin part out and a 
screen apeared. She gave it to Sasami and a little pen to go with it.

"Write what you need down on this piece of paper." Mihoshi said with a 
smile. Sasami wrote it down and a voice came from the "Hi-Tech" pen. 
Sasami said she was finshed and wanted her medicine.

"Okay!" Mihoshi said with a happy face. Sasami started to smile. Mihoshi 
always amuses her. Mihoshi took the medicine off the shelf and gave it 
to Sasami. Sasami wrote on the "hi-tech" paper: "Thank You Mom"

"Mom?" Mihoshi said with a counfused face. Mihoshi then got the idea and 
left the room with the empty bowl of miso soup and left the tea there. 
She wasn't quite finshed so she left it. Then Sasami fell sound asleep.

"All finshed!" Mihoshi said coming down the stairs.

"What did she want?" Ayeka asked with a worried face.

"She just wanted some medicine and she looks alot better." Mihoshi said.

"That's a relief." Tenchi said.

Later that  night everyone went to bed except Kiyone and Tenchi. Tenchi 
was doing some homework and Kiyone was watching "A Promuse to Caraline". 
A very sad movie indeed. As she was watching the movie, Tenchi was 
finshed with his homework. He went to peak on Kiyone. She was streching 
and clicked off the TV. She turned around and saw Tenchi coming 
downstairs.

"Hello Tenchi. You still up?" Kiyone asked.

"Yep! I got a big test tommorow and I have to study." Tenchi said.

Kiyone was so tired she couldn't stand up right. She found out how hard 
Sasami's work can be. She started to climb the stairs and started to 
fall backwards once again. Tenchi caught her by the waist and pulled her 
close again. She put her around him and they kissed this time but on 
acedent. It lasted for about 10 seconds. It seemed like they were both 
enjoying it. They then broke lose and Kiyone was red. Tenchi was also 
the shade of red. They were still holding each other. Then they began to 
kiss again. Tenchi started to walk backwards with Kiyone walking 
forward. They both steped into Tenchi's room and closed the door.

They both plopped on the bed. Kiyone was at the bottom. Tenchi was at 
the top. They still countiued to kiss. Then Tenchi started to put his 
hand up Kiyone's shirt. Kiyone helped him take it off. There, was her 
blue cotton bra. He started to undo it and he finnaly got it off. There 
was her large sized breast. Tenchi started to rub them to get them 
untinse. Kiyone started to moan as Tenchi massaged her breast nice and 
hard. Then Tenchi stopped and took Kiyone's paints off. Then he took off 
her panties. Tenchi then started to take his finger and massaged her 
cuilt. She began to moan a little louder but Tenchi shushed her. Tenchi 
began to move it around and around but a little faster this time. Kiyone 
began to moan again but not very loud this time. Tenchi sat up and took 
his shirt, pants and underware. Kiyone was supised to see they were 
covered in carrots. She started to smile. She sat up and went to his 
cock and started to suck it. Tenchi began to moan rubbed Kiyone's head 
with his hand stering it in circles. Her hair was starting to friz up. 
Tenchi then sat Kiyone up and turned her around. Kiyone then whispered 
in Tenchi's ear. Tenchi sighed and went to his underware draw and pulled 
out a condom. He put it on and then turned her around. He stuck his cock 
into Kiyone. Then he began to fuck her. Kiyone have out soft huffs and 
puffs. She also began to moan. Tenchi was rubbing her breast and 
pinching her nipples. Kiyone was so relaxed. She started to let out soft 
screms along with her huffs and puffs. That went on for 7 minutes. Then 
Tenchi stopped and Kiyone turned around and kissed him. Kiyone returned 
down to her original postion at his cock and Tenchi cummed her. Tenchi 
now began to moan as she started to suck it. That went on for 5 minutes. 
They both started to get tired. They both layed down on Tenchi's bed and 
Tenchi was kissing Kiyone and they both looked at each other.

"What did we just do Tenchi?" Kiyone asked out of breath

"I don't know. I'm not sure If I wanted to." Tenchi said with a worried 
face plus tired.

"Did we just do it? I mean what will the others think?" Kiyone said also 
tired and out of breath.

"They won't know. We can't tell this to anyone because we don't know why 
we did it." Tenchi said.

"Yeah. Plus, if Ayeka and Ryoko knew...well you know." Kiyone said with 
a smile. "Let's keep this little get together our little secret."

"I'm way..ahead of....you." Tenchi said then he and Kiyone fell asleep.




TO BE CONTINUED



How did yo like my little story. There's a second chapter and I'm 
working on it. Please...If you have any qustions or coments please tell 
me. e-mail at mihoshi_spacegirl@yahoo.com OR 
kiyonie_spacegirl@sailormoon.com

authors note
Writing fanfics is a hobbie. I also have a crossover between the 
Powerpuff Girls and Tenchi
Dexter and Tenchi
Cardcaptors and Tenchi
South Park and Tenchi
Digimon and Tenchi (2nd season Digimon)
Pokemon and Tenchi (My sister beged me to write one)
and lemons
Mihoshi's Best ( 2 chapters)
Ryoko's Best (3 chapters)
Ayeka's Best (3 chapters)
Sasami's Best (2 chapters)
Washu's Best (2 chapters)
Vacation Spot (2 chapters) (Wedding Day. V	ote for Who you want to 
marry Tenchi and I'll put it out)
And a little more. My specialty is lemons and crossovers. All of these 
fanfics are coming soon. I am currently working on all the crossovers 
and Ryoko and Mihoshi's Best. If you liked this fanfic. You will 
defnetly like the others. Well, smell ya later.


 Loreal "Mihoahi" Miller






