Disclaimer:I do not own Tenchi Muyo or any of the characters.  They are
all owned by AIC and Pioneer.


		Kiyone's Badge	
		By Dade Gifford
			



	"FREEZE!"
	Kiyone held her blaster up towards the darkened corner of the
tavern.  "Drop your weapon!"  The shadow in the corner moved, and a 
shiny object slid into view.  "PUT YOUR HANDS UP!"  Kiyone couldn't see
whether or not the figure had done so, but kept her blaster leveled and
moved in.  As she got closer, Kiyone could see a dirty, beat-up looking
man.  He had his hands up.  Kiyone grabbed him by the collar and turned
him around, shoving him at the wall.  She took his hands and pulled out
her GP issue handcuffs.  In seconds, the man was cuffed and in custody.
	"You have the right to remain silent.  Anything you say can and
will be used against you in a court of Jurai..."  Kiyone read the man
his rights.
	"Harland Goedy, do you understand these rights which I have 
just dictated to you?"
	Harland shook his head vigorously, trying his best to see her
out of the corner of his eye.  Kiyone reholstered her blaster, and then
yanked him away from the wall.
	Kiyone lead him towards the door of the dank and unkempt 
establishment.  The barkeep stood up shakily from behind the counter.
In front of him, he held a piece of metal with blaster burns decorating
it.  His eyes somehow managed to fill his entire head, despite their
beedy nature.
	"Sir," Kiyone said, tossing a small crystal object towards him.
He eyed it conspicuously.
	"Compensation," she said, simply.  The barkeep looked spooked,
but otherwise okay.
	Kiyone shoved Harland towards a nearby airlock.  She tapped her
earring once, and two GP officers came through.  They took Harland and
escorted him out into a patrol ship.  Kiyone saluted smartly, and then
walked towards the airlock.  She walked towards the door, but stopped
as she noticed a blinking light on the keypad to her right.  
	Kiyone reached over and tapped a few keys.  Not seconds after
the door had started to open, a blonde blur dashed out and knocked her
onto the floor.
	"KIIIIYOOOONNNEEE!!"
	"Mihoshi!  Where were you?"
	"Well, I tried to follow you, but then something tripped me,
and the keypad hit my head, and the door wouldn't open!!  I was so 
worried!!" Mihoshi began to cry.
	Kiyone rolled her eyes and sighed.  "Mihoshi, could you please
get off of me?"
	"Oh..sorry!"
	Mihoshi stood up quickly.  Kiyone stood up, and brushed herself
off.  There was no telling what she could have landed in on these dumb
tavern floors...
	They walked through the airlock and into the Yagami.  Kiyone
took her blaster from its holster and ejected the cartridge.  She 
checked a lit indicator on the side.  There was room for ten lights on
the side, but only two were lit, and they were red.  Kiyone put the
blaster in a rack nearby, and placed the cartridge in a slot to the 
right of it.  A small LED lit up, assuring her that it was recharging.
	Kiyone and Mihoshi stepped into a nearby turbolift, and it shot
off for the upper decks.  Mihoshi was still apologizing.
	"Kiyone, I'm really, really, really sorry..."
	"It's okay Mihoshi..."
	"But I mean it!  Really!  I'm SOOO sorry!"
	"Okay, Mihoshi..."
	"I'msorryI'msorryI'msorryI'msorryI'msorryI'msorry.."
	"MIHOSHI, SHUT UP!!!"
	Mihoshi began to cry again.  "I'm sooo-rry!"
	Kiyone groaned and rubbed her temples.  She chose to ignore
Mihoshi, and eventually, Mihoshi passed out from lack of oxygen.  
Kiyone picked up Mihoshi, grunting with the effort, and waited for the
lift to reach the first deck.  She should've just kicked it into 
emergency speed once she had just stepped onto it, knowing how Mihoshi
could get sometimes...
	A tone sounded and the lift doors opened.  Kiyone staggered 
down the short hallway, and hit a wall panel with her knee.  The door
slid open, and Kiyone stepped through.  She dumped Mihoshi onto the bed
and exited promptly.  
	Kiyone walked down the hall, her footsteps making muted clangs
against the metal floor paneling.  <Ugh...sometimes I wish Mihoshi
would just find another job, or something...but NO, I'm always stuck
with HER!> she thought.  Kiyone passed three more doors, one labeled
"Engineering," another "Captain's quarters," and finally "Medical."
	Storage was on deck three, near the outer hull.  Mihoshi's room
was back down the hall, not very far.  A neglected science lab resided
on deck two, along with minor recreational facilities that were not
currently in use, mostly because they had recently had to sacrifice
all unnecessary compnents due to the ship's disrepair.  Ahh, the perks
of working in a backwater sector.  
	Kiyone finally reached the bridge, and sat in her chair.  There
really wasn't any reason for her to be here.  The ship had already been
given orders to take off as soon as her book crossed the airlock's
threshold.  She stared at the passing starscape, watching as each of
the stars, some more familiar to her than others, streaked out of view,
only to be replaced with equally familiar others.  It wouldn't be too
long till they reached earth.  Another two hours, tops.  Kiyone sighed
and relaxed in the large chair.  With any luck, Mihoshi's oxygen-
deprivation would leave her incapacitated for that duration.  But if 
that was true, then she would have to carry Mihoshi out of the ship...
Everything has a down side.  
	<Why?  Why must I be doomed to baby-sit that ditz forever?>
she questioned.  Kiyone thought on how they had met.  At first, she had
even been eager to get to know Mihoshi, since she was new at the 
academy.  Mihoshi was different then, too.  She wasn't so ditzy.  She
actually acted responsible, and even more mature than Kiyone at that
time.  Kiyone and Mihoshi had graduated with flying colors, and had
been designated as partners as well.  But at some point, Mihoshi had
just gone ditzy on her.  It seemed to happen right after one of their
shore leaves.  Kiyone had tried to be lenient, but Mihoshi was just
too annoying for her to keep any respect.  
	Kiyone stared at the starscape, and allowed herself to be 
lulled by it.  She dozed off.
	"TEN-CHIIII!!!" quailed Ryoko, as she dashed after the Juraian
prince.  He had just arrived from school, and found himself staring 
into the golden eyes of one Ryoko Hakubi (her last name WASN'T Masaki,
no matter how much she said it..).
	"AYAH!  RYOKO, CUT IT OUT!!" Tenchi ran like a bat out of hell.
Ryoko remained close behind, even though she could have caught up with
him in a millisecond.  But she just LOVED to chase him.  Unfortunately,
Tenchi didn't sympathize.  The house was in sight, but he was nearly
out of breath.  At the last second, when he was just about to grab the
door handle, Ryoko materialized in front of him.  Tenchi grasped for
the handle, but found his hand on Ryoko's right breast.  
	"Well!  All you had to do was *ask*, Tenchi..." she said in a
sultry voice.
	Blood oozed from Tenchi's nose.  "WAUGH!" he released her ample
bosom promptly, and took off, trying to get to the back door.  Ryoko
teleported in front of him again.  Tenchi was looking back at Ryoko as
he ran, trying to assess what she might do next, when she disappeared.
He had just turned around when his head bounced off of a soft surface.
Ryoko giggled as Tenchi felt the ground rush up and strike him.  
	Ryoko closed in on Tenchi.  She lifted him from the ground by
his shoulders, and brought his face close.  Ryoko reveled in the simple
matter that Tenchi didn't struggle when his lips were brought close to
hers.  But before they could meet, a loud thundering noise came from 
the sky.  Ryoko spun around, dropping Tenchi in the process.  A red
ship, unmistakeably the Yagami, closed in over the lake.  
	"Damn it!" she yelled.  
	"So Kiyone, how did it go?" questioned Tenchi.  He and the rest
of the family were sitting around a low dining table over tea.  
	"Oh, it was no trouble.  There weren't too many shots fired, 
and no one was hurt.  Just a standard arrest.  Harland had been wanted
on several accounts of bootlegging all kinds of things."
	"Ohhh..." said Tenchi.  "So, what's going on now?"
	"Well, we have one day, then we have to go search for a space
pirate by the name of Yakida Banega.  He's wanted for murder, so it'll
be kind of dangerous."
	"Yeah!" interjected Mihoshi.  "He's supposed to be on planet..
ummm....Beta VII, I think.  But that's not it's real name, it's just
that the planet's name is hard to say.."
	"What Mihoshi means is that the planet's inhabitants are the
Couatl, and they speak with whistling noises, so it can't actually be
pronounced."
	"OOh, those Couatl.  Dreadful things," said Aeka.  "Father had
actually once made me have a marriage meeting with one of them.  But
I said 'Father, they're an insect race!  How could you actually think
such a thing?' But he said..."  Aeka went on for a while, about the
different politics involved in the Juraian marriage meetings.
	After another ten minutes, Ryoko interrupted.  "Aeka, SHUT UP!
Do you think we want to sit here and listen to you talk?"
	"I'm sure Lord Tenchi would much rather hear my beautiful voice
than your grating bestial grunts!!"
	Ryoko growled, and hurled an energy ball at Aeka.  Aeka just
barely summoned her forcefield in time to block the blast.  It sheeted
ineffectually off of the barrier, to impact the wall.  Well, now there
was a very clear view of the floating onsen, if you were in the dining
room...
	As if on cue, Wasyuu poked her head through the dimensional
door to her lab.  "Tenchi," she said, as if nothing was happening.  
Tenchi was ducked down nearby.  He looked up, and without a second 
thought, leapt into the lab, followed by everyone else aside from Aeka
and Ryoko.  Tenchi sighed with relief, and sat on the floor.  Kiyone
spoke up.  "Wasyuu?"
	"......"
	"Sorry.  Wasyuu-chan.."
	"Yes?"
	"Um, I'd like to ask you a favor..."
	"Shoot."
	"Well, our ship's got an antimatter leak.."
	"WHAT?!"
	"You can thank Mihoshi for that.  I was wondering if you could
seal that, and perhaps, maybe even do a little repair on the Yagami?"
	"Well, I'd better get to work right now!"
	Wasyuu produced a few small cylinders.  She pressed one to 
Tenchi's arm.  Before he could protest, she explained, "This is to make
sure you guys repel the stuff before it starts eating away at you on 
the subatomic level."  She innoculated them all.  
	"I'm going to have to get Aeka later.  Ryoko'll be just fine."
	Wasyuu summoned her holo-top.  "And now I'll get to fixing
your ship."
	"Arigatto, Wasyuu-chan."
	"No problem. 
	Tenchi looked at Kiyone.  She was staring at a large tank in 
which some humongous, obviously carnivorous fish was swimming.  She
seemed immersed in some thoughts.  On a whim, Tenchi said:"Kiyone, what
are you thinking about?" he cursed himself silently for butting into
her ideas like that.  
	"Hm?  Oh, nothing.  Just thinking about my next mission."
	"Oh?  So, what's it about?"
	"Nothing really.  Just a normal pirate chase.  But for some
reason, HQ is calling Mihoshi in.  My guess is it's a performace review
in light of her recent mistakes.  But she won't be around for a while,
and we were scheduled to go after a couple of other pirates, all in a
ring known as the Crimson Talon.  I was just thinking about how much
easier it will be without Mihoshi."
	"Yeah, I guess she could be kind of a third leg in something
like that..."
	"Well, sometimes she shows extraordinary skill and actually
does more than anyone could ask."
	"Yeah?  Really?"
	"Mmm Hmm.  I think you guys call it 'luck'"
	"Oh."
	"Yeah.  I've got to get ready and go tomorrow.  Mihoshi'll be
taking the Yukinojo and heading off for HQ later on tonight."
	"You know, I've always wondered what it would be like to go on
one of those trips after dangerous pirates and stuff."
	"Really?"
	"Yeah!  There's always stories and shows and such, but I've 
always envied those space police in the shows."
	"Well, rest assured, it's nothing special.  Most of the time, 
it's either a false alarm, or we lose them."
	"Yeah?"
	"Yep.  When people report the pirates to us, it's usually after
they've already done the damage and are leaving."
	"Well, that makes sense."
	Kiyone nodded.  "Hey, I'll take a look out there and see if 
those two are done fighting, yet."
	Tenchi followed closely, and looked over her shoulder out the
door.  It seemed to have calmed down, and surprisingly, there was minor
damage instead of the nuclear wake they expected.  Kiyone stepped out
first, cautiously.  Tenchi was still following her closely, and if he
hadn't been distracted by watching for Ryoko and Aeka, then he probably
wouldn't have been so close.
	Wasyuu looked after them from inside the lab.  "Hmm..." she 
smiled deviously.  "No way." Wasyuu said softly, still smirking. 
Silently, she closed the door and retreated back into the dark depths
of her cave. 
	Once Kiyone was sure it was all clear, she sighed and relaxed
a little.  Then she noticed Tenchi's head was right next to hers, his
chin almost touching her shoulder.  His eyes were fearful, and she 
realized he was only looking out for Ryoko and Aeka.  
	"I think it's safe, Tenchi."
	Tenchi shook his head quickly.  "Huh?  Oh, yeah."
	Tenchi retreated from Kiyone and sighed in relief.  Distantly,
he heard explosions.  Looking out the window, he saw blue and red light
flickering through the atmosphere a distance away.
	"Oh, so that's why the house isn't gone."
	Kiyone looked out and sighed.  "I just hope they don't find a
way to get to the Yagami."
	Sasami poked her head out from under the couch.  "Is it all
clear?" she said with a quavering voice.
	Tenchi nodded, and Sasami pulled herself out, followed shortly
by Ryo-ohki, who was covered in dust.  Sasami patted a dust bunny out
of her dress, and then helped Ryo-ohki get rid of her new grey coat.
	About ten minutes later, Aeka and Ryoko showed up, separately.
Aeka's face was covered in soot, her robes torn at places.  Ryoko's
hair was somewhat frazzled, and she too had a soot-covered face.  They
said nothing for the rest of the evening to each other, and nothing to
Tenchi until supper.  
	Sasami had made fish tempura and some gohan for supper.  Some
rice, too, but nothing special.  At least, not special by her usual
standards.  Sometimes her cooking reflected her mood, or so Tenchi
noticed.  Aeka and Ryoko almost fought over Tenchi again, but Wasyuu
stepped in and dropped some statues on both of them.  Supper had gone
thusly anti-conversational.  
	Tenchi retired to bed around 9:00, even though he wouldn't 
have any school for another three weeks.  He stayed awake for a while,
thinking of what it would be like to go into space and chase a vicious
pirate, or smuggler, or something like that.  He pictured himself in 
one of those proud GP ships, flying with weapons ablaze after a wanted
criminal.  But for some reason, he couldn't picture a GP ship without
Kiyone in it.  <Well,> he thought.  <She could be my partner.  Yeah,
like she is with Mihoshi.>  He fell asleep dreaming of space and what
it may hold.
	Tenchi had been thinking of this as he woke up the next morning
and freshened up.  He brushed his teeth and took a short shower, then
marched downstairs.  Kiyone was eating one last breakfast before she
took off to space and the comparatively tasteless ICM's, or Ion Cured
Meals.  Tenchi sat down across from her, Aeka and Ryoko on either side
of him, and ate his breakfast.  He had been thinking of it for a while
now, and after he finished eating, he spoke up.  
	"Kiyone, I was wondering...  Could I come with you this time?
You know, just to see what it's like..."
	Kiyone looked up, surprised.  "Huh?  Well..." she stole a 
glance at Ryoko and Aeka, who were seething, and sending icy glares at
her.  
	"Um, if you *really* want to, I suppose it won't be a problem.
You can't be as bad as Mihoshi, so it'd probably be fine."
	Tenchi brightened.  "Really?  Great!  Let me just go pack some
things, and I'll be ready in a minute."
	As Tenchi left the room, Aeka and Ryoko's glares didn't leave
Kiyone.  She spoke up.  "Listen.  I don't know why you guys are looking
at me like that, but it *was* his idea, so don't get mad at ME."
	Aeka looked as if she were about to speak, but then decided
against it, and simply excused herself from the table.  It took Ryoko
a minute, but she phased away, too.  Kiyone sighed.  "I can just see
where THIS is going.."
	Tenchi came down the stairs, flanked by a pleading Aeka, and a
demanding Ryoko.  
	"Tenchi, come on, why would you want to go to space?  It's 
really nothing special...."
	"Lord Tenchi, I'm sure you and I can go into space as much as
you like once Ryu-oh is ready..."
	"Hey!  Ryo-ohki can take us, let's go, Tenchi!!"
	"He doesn't want to ride in your flea-ridden craft, slut!"
	Ryo-ohki looked somewhat downcast at this, but Sasami handed
her a carrot, so she forgot about it.
	Tenchi walked stealthily over to Kiyone.  "C'mon, while they're
fighting, I think we can get away!"
	Kiyone nodded and stood up.  She and Tenchi tiptoed out the
door as the fireworks began.  They started to run for the Yagami once
they had cleared the doorstep.  Kiyone reached the hatch first and 
pressed her thumb to a small black panel on the right.  The door 
whispered open, and she and Tenchi ran in. 
	Kiyone stepped towards the turbolift, and the door parted down
the middle.  Tenchi carried his bag onto the elevator, and Kiyone
pressed a large button marked "emergency."  A second later, Tenchi felt
as if he'd sink through the floor.  The elevator was on the first deck
in milliseconds.  	
	They stepped off.  "The guest quarters are down one floor and
to the left.  You can just use the staircase right there.  Put your
bags in and then come back to the bridge."
	"Aye...sir," said Tenchi with a smirk.  Kiyone smiled at that,
and said "There's no need for formalities, Tenchi."  
	Tenchi laughed.  Kiyone turned on her heel and jogged for the
bridge.  Tenchi trekked down a floor, and through a normal sliding
door marked "guest."
	The room was spartan, with a simple cot and a small closet.  
There was also an intercom panel on the left of the door.  Tenchi just 
tossed his bag on the cot and ran back upstairs for the bridge.  He
found Kiyone flipping switches, and preparing to take off.  Tenchi
took the seat that Mihoshi usually occupied, and they were ready to
rock 'n roll. 
	"Ready?" questioned Kiyone.
	"Ready," he said.
	Kiyone grasped a lever in hand, and pulled it back.  A 
reverberating thunder rocked the ship as the engines kicked in, and it
lifted its ponderous weight from the ground.  
	Ryoko and Aeka ran outside just in time to see the Yagami 
streak off into the sky, then disappear as it broke the gravity well
easily.  Aeka fell on her knees, and began to cry.  Ryoko growled, and
electricity danced around her.  Sasami ran out.  "Bye Tenchi!  Have a
safe trip!" she yelled, waving.
	Ryoko reached over and grasped Ryo-ohki.  "Come on, we're going
after them!!" she said, throwing Ryo-ohki into the air.  Ryo-ohki flew
up...  Then hit the ground with a muffled thump.  
	"Whaa?  Come ON, this isn't the time to play around!"
	"Myaa mya miya mya miya meow!" protested Ryo-ohki.
	"Huh?  What do you mean, you can't?!"
	"Miya!  Mya mya miya!"
	"Oh, so he *bribed* you, is it?"
	"Miya."
	The Yagami had just escaped the gravity well.  Tenchi stared
out the window, watching the sky's blue turn to black, and saw as it
bent slightly before becoming invisible.  "Oooh.." he gasped.
	Kiyone smiled, even though the beauty was lost on her.  She had
seen it so many times, it just didn't impress her that much, anymore.
	"We'll be arriving at our destination, shortly.  It's a pirate
den disguised as an asteroid.  It's actually in this asteroid belt,
so it won't be long at all," explained Kiyone.
	Tenchi nodded and stared at the sights that greeted him.  The
globe of the earth stretched out before them, and the moon hung, it's
gray figure drab in comparison to earth.  The stars twinkled invitingly
and taunted Tenchi, daring him to come closer.  Kiyone popped open a
compartment nearby, and took out two blasters, each loaded with a fully
charged clip.  "How good of a shot are you?" she asked nonchalantly.
	"Uh, umm... Well, I never checked it out, to be truthful."
	"You'll probably find out pretty quick," she said, tossing one
to him.  He clutched at it, and almost dropped it.  Kiyone handed him
another full clip, and he stashed it in his pocket.  
	"I did bring the Tenchiken with me..." he trailed off.
	"Well, this will help to make you look less conspicuous."
	Tenchi nodded, and checked it out.  The gun had the GP emblem
on the handle, and a light indicator telling him that he had a full
charge.  The safety was on, and Tenchi left it that way.  The gun was
remarkably light despite the way it looked.  The blaster was a titanium
blue, and shone in the light.  He looked along the barrel on either
side, and then lowered it to his lap.  Tenchi resumed staring out the
window.  He watched as Mars shot by, leaving a red wake in his vision.
The asteroids were now visible, the more metallic ones shining in the
black void.  
	Kiyone steered for one of the asteroids, one that was larger
than the others.  She stole a glance over at Tenchi to see him staring
out at the asteroids.  "As soon as you step out that door, I want you
to turn off the safety," she explained.  Tenchi looked into her eyes
and nodded.  Feeling his gaze on her, she began to feel pleasantly
uncomfortable, a warmth that spread from her face down to the tips of
her toes.  
	She shook it off as they neared the singled-out asteroid,
its pitted surface showing much more detail now that they were closer.
	"Okay," she started.  "This is going to get a little bit 
bumpy."
	With that, Kiyone pressed a button.  Twin green circles came
from nowhere, and became one over the asteroid.  The combined circle
turned red and a steady beep rang out.  Kiyone pulled on two triggers
that were on the control stick.  Twin red beams lanced out of the 
craft, causing it to shake slightly.  They hit the "asteroid," and 
abruptly, it disappeared, replaced by an ugly metal construct.  Two
blaster burns were now present on its side.  When Tenchi stared at it,
he just kept thinking of a mangled screw.  The structure was huge, 
though not as big as the fake asteroid.  Tenchi didn't have much time
to appreciate how butt-ugly the facility was as ships came out of 
several bays all over it.  They advanced on the Yagami and opened fire,
not even stopping to hail her.
	The ship locked on to five of the fifteen that were advancing,
and opened fire.  About seven beams fired at the ships, decimating 
three of them instantly.  The other two fended off the blasts easily.
	"Here, Tenchi," said Kiyone quickly.  She pressed a button by
the port he was sitting at.  "Just wait for the ship to lock on, and
then pull the triggers."  Tenchi nodded vigorously, and grasped the
control stick.
	The two that weren't destroyed fired a few shots, but the 
Yagami's shielding absorbed the blasts.  Tenchi, meanwhile, had begun
to target the ships that were behind the two.  As Kiyone had said, the
ship locked on, and they fired.  Seven more, incluing the original two
were destroyed.  Five were left.  The ships danced around, dodging the
shots as best they could, but two more succumbed.  The final three 
fled, taking off quickly into space.  
	"Wow, you're a natural!" Kiyone said.  Tenchi smiled.
	"Well, now all we have to do is dock with the station and clean
it out."
	Kiyone handed Tenchi a small disc.  "This will fit into the 
side of the blaster, and give it extra stopping power if needs be."
	"Okay..  We won't really have to use them, will we?"
	"By the looks of things, I'd say so."
	Tenchi gulped, but held the blaster by the side of his head.
"Okay." he said, and nothing else.  
	The Yagami came in sideways, the starboard side connecting to
the station.  Tenchi winced at the loud grinding noises as the 
station's primitive docking mechanism latched onto the hull.  
	Tenchi and Kiyone rode the turbolift down to the airlock in
silence.  They arrived at the door, and Kiyone checked her blaster. 
She flicked off the safety.  Tenchi did the same.  "Ready?" she asked.
Tenchi gulped, and shook his head.  
	Kiyone pressed her thumb to the pad, and the door slid open.
The inside of the station was a mess.  Apparently, they had struck 
something vital with those blasters.  Ceiling panels were popped off. 
Wires were bared and sizzling everywhere.  The smell of burn circuits
pervaded the atmosphere.  Cautiously, they stepped in.  Aside from the
sound of popping wires, everything was eerily silent.  Kiyone stepped
towards a door, and pressed the panel.  The door slid open about a
quarter of an inch, then buzzed angrily.  A bright flash encompassed
it, and the door stopped buzzing.  
	Suddenly, something moved in the shadows behind them.  Tenchi
came about, holding his blaster at the ready.  Kiyone turned around in
a flash, blaster aimed.  The figure dashed out suddenly, firing wildly
with a blaster of its own.  A shot lanced by Tenchi's left ear, hitting
the wall behind him and producing many sparks.  Kiyone fired, the noise
ripping through the stagnant air.  
	"Auugh!" the person screamed.  He fell to the floor, dead.  A
hole was in his throat, and smoking.  A pool of dark fluids gathered
around him.  Tenchi could only gape in awe.  Kiyone, however, went back
to work on the door.  She grasped it by the small open area, and pried
at it.  Tenchi snapped out of his reverie, and aided her in getting the
door open.  It slid open, almost reluctantly, to reveal another dark
corridor.  Kiyone tapped a button on her blaster, and a beam of white
light came from the front of it, illuminating a small patch of the 
room.
	Kiyone looked around.  A panel on the wall gleamed.  It read:
"Power connection cut.  Press here to initiate Auxiliary."  Kiyone
pressed the button, and light instantly lit up the entire floor.  Some
sections shorted out with a shower of sparks, but there was still
adequate light.  After a few moments, Tenchi happened upon an access
ladder that led to the control room.  Kiyone went up first, her blaster
at the ready.  Tenchi pondered the situation.  <So THIS is what it's 
like... kinda scary...> he thought.
	Kiyone reached the top and stood aside so Tenchi could climb
up.  Tenchi glanced around.  A viewscreen with a few terminals was all
that greeted his eyes.  Things here didn't look as damaged.  Kiyone
walked up to one of the terminals, and typed at it for a moment.  
	"What are you doing?" asked Tenchi.
	"I'm trying to pull up files of all the latest smuggling runs
through here, to see if any involve the Crimson Talon."
	"Oh."
	Kiyone typed at it, the noises of falling keys loud in the 
still air.  Tenchi absentmindedly tapped his blaster barrel against
his leg, looking about.  The screen only showed blank space, with 
nothing familiar in sight.  Tenchi thought he saw something move in the
corner of his eye as a loud shot had him standing at attention.  At the
same time, Kiyone cried out loudly in pain.  She fell to the floor,
clutching at her side.  Blood leaked through her fingers as she fell.
Tenchi spun quickly, and with rage, fired several times.  The first
three shots obliterated the assassin's head, and the other two
hollowing out his chest.  He didn't have time to scream as the mangled
corpse hit the floor.  
	Tenchi shoved the blaster into his pants, and rushed over to
Kiyone's side.  Her face was a mask of pain, and she struggled to open
her eyes.  She just wanted to fall asleep in a pool of her own blood
right then.  The pain was overwhelming.  She heard Tenchi say something
about a self destruct, but she just couldn't make it out to be truly
sure.  
	Tenchi had heard an announcement come over the loudspeaker.
"Gravitic calipers disabled!  Collision imminent!  Evacuate! Evacuate!"
The viewscreen focused on a rapidly approaching asteroid.  Apparently,
their assailant had tripped the controls before he shot Kiyone.  Tenchi
pulled on her arm.  "Come ON, try to stand up!  We have to get out of
here!"  But Kiyone was unable to do so, she was in the fetal positon
and in obvious pain.  Tenchi picked her up, struggling with her weight,
and ran for the access ladder.  He had to lower her down, because the
shaft was too tight.  All the while, her life's blood leaked onto him.
	"Ten...chi..." she moaned, trying to lift her head.  
	Tenchi had just finished lowering her down the ladder when the
station shook violently.  A loud rushing noise reported to Tenchi that
there was a hull breach nearby.  He hefted Kiyone, and ran for the 
airlock.  He pressed his thumb to the panel as he had seen Kiyone do,
but the door just buzzed.  "Come on, Come ON.." he said with much
desperation.  Then it clicked, and he took Kiyone's hand.  He pressed
her thumb to the panel, and the door slid open.  He ran in, and then
realized he had no idea how to operate the ship.  
	He ran with Kiyone into the turbolift.  She was fading, fast.
He hit the emergency button, and ripped his sleeve off.  He pressed it
to her wound tightly, holding it in place as he ran into the bridge.
	Tenchi didn't know what to do, so he did what he knew how to
do.  He aimed the blasters and shot a piece of the station off, freeing
the airlock, but leaving a large hunk of metal attached to the Yagami.
	He pulled back the throttle, and they shot off.  After about
five seconds, he repositioned it.  The ship was far away from the blast
zone as the station exploded brilliantly, lighting up the void for a
second.  Tenchi dropped what he was doing, and ran to Kiyone's side.
	"Come on, think, genius.." he said aloud.  "Man, I need 
something to heal her with!!"
	Just then, a voice piped in.  "Confirmed." it said, and a
panel opened nearby.  A medkit popped out.  
	"Whaa?" Tenchi wondered as he took the medkit and ran over to
Kiyone's side.  He took something labeled "Moro-78" and pressed it
to the skin of her forearm.  He heard a hissing noise, and Kiyone sat
up almost instantly.  The wound disappeared.  
	Kiyone gasped.  "What happened?!" she said.  
	"Umm..." Tenchi explained to her what happened after she was
shot.
	"Wow..that was smart of you..I'm glad you were around..."
	Tenchi gazed into her eyes.  "I thought I'd lose you..."
	Kiyone looked startled.  "Huh?"
	"W-well, I mean...that is to say.... um..."  Tenchi looked
abashed.  He scratched the back of his head.
	Then he looked at her again, only with firm resolve.  "Kiyone..
I'm didn't really want to come out here just to see what it was like
to be a Galaxy Policeman."
	"Tenchi..."
	"I...I mean..." Tenchi looked flustered.
	So it took Tenchi completely by surprise when Kiyone cupped his
chin and kissed him tenderly.  Tenchi's eyes widened.  After what 
seemed like forever, he reciprocated.  
	"Kiyone...I...I just wanted to say...I...I.." Tenchi shut his
eyes tightly.  After what felt like hours, he heard...
	"...love you too." said Kiyone.
	They kissed, but more fiercely now.  Tenchi's right hand went
to the back of Kiyone's head, tousling her hair.  After an eternity,
they parted.
	"I..I mean...thanks, Tenchi," said Kiyone.  "For saving my life
back there.  I don't know what I would have done if you weren't here.."
	Tenchi couldn't say anything.  He was lost for words.  
	"Well...I guess I'd better get into some new clothes.."
	Kiyone looked down at her side.  She felt a little dizzy from
blood loss, but the morophelezine in that tube Tenchi had administered
was doing the job, and the dizziness was leaving her.  But the hole
in her GP uniform was still there.  
	"Heh...me too..."
	Tenchi went down to his quarters, and changed into a shirt and
his usual thick cotton pants with standard cord belt.  He went back 
upstairs to see Kiyone tapping a few final keys into the pad.  "We're
set to orbit that planet," she said, indicating Mars.  "We should
probably get some rest, now."
	Tenchi nodded, and retreated back to his bunk.  <Damn.  I just
got back from there.>
	Tenchi went back and took his pants off.  He pulled the GP
standard issue sheets up to his chest, and stared at the ceiling.
	<Wow...  I probably should have waited to admit my feelings
for her...  What will the others think?>  A small porthole allowed him
to see the stars, and the edge of the red planet.  He was so lost in
thought that he didn't hear the footsteps until she was upon him.  
	Kiyone opened the door.  She stepped in, and sat down on the
cot next to Tenchi.  "Hey.." she said.  
	"Yes?" questioned Tenchi.
	"I was thinking... you could just say it was a spur of the
moment thing.  We don't have to go on like this.  I know it'll be hard
for the others to accept..."
	"No!" was Tenchi's instant reply.  "I don't know, but this just
feels right.  I want to be with you, not any other, Kiyone," he said
with utmost sincerity.  
	"Tenchi, I.." she was cut off as Tenchi kissed her deeply.
	"No more words.  We'll talk tomorrow.." he said.  Tenchi was
about to lay back down to sleep, but Kiyone straddled him.  Tenchi
looked at the seductive entrapment of her eyes, and of all things, his
nose bled.  Kiyone wiped it away.  
	"A-are you s-s-sure...K-k-k-k..." Kiyone silenced him with a
deep kiss of her own.  Once Tenchi was stunned into silence, she backed
off, and slowly began to unzip her outfit...
	Tenchi's nosebleed worsened as her bra was exposed.  Kiyone
pushed up his shirt, and planted kisses along his torso, leading up to
his face.  She kissed him fully on the lips, as her hands pushed his
shirt up.  Kiyone parted the kiss and pushed his shirt up and off.
She then began to work on his boxers.  His erection nearly pressed out
of them as it was.  Tenchi's hands were at his sides, grasping for air.
Kiyone took his hands and put them on her sides.  He clutched at her,
but all he could do was hold her as she took his boxers off and freed
his erection.  Tenchi blushed slightly.  
	Kiyone reached behind her back and unclasped her bra.  Her
breasts, now fully exposed, bobbed lightly as the bra left them.  She
then edged her panties off, now fully nude.  Tenchi gulped as she 
kissed him again.  He felt his erection touch the inside of her thigh.
Kiyone reached down and stroked him lightly.  Tenchi relished her 
touch.  But he found himself unable to be any more bold than to just
sit there and let her do the work.  His hands subconsciously moved up
a bit, and touched the bottom of her breasts.  Kiyone sighed, and moved
his hands up further, till they cupped her breasts.  Tenchi's nose bled
even more powerfully.  Kiyone wiped it away again, and it stopped.
	Kiyone removed the red band that she usually kept in her hair,
and it fell free, her teal tresses blanketing Tenchi.  Tenchi placed
his hands on her hips and kissed her deeply again, tongues intertwining
with passion.  Kiyone allowed him to guide her hips until she was
positioned above his member.  Kiyone placed a hand on his chest, and
lowered herself slowly.  She gasped as his member pressed into her,
filling her.  Kiyone sighed passionately and sunk all the way down
onto Tenchi, impaling herself.  Tenchi's eyes widened, taking in these
new feelings.  He gasped her name, in spite of himself.  Kiyone raised
herself above, and then lowered herself onto him again.  Tenchi 
decided to take the initiative, and he rolled her over.  Tenchi, now
above Kiyone, put one hand on either side of her body, and he began to
pump slowly.	
	Kiyone moaned loudly.  She put her hands on his shoulders and
dug her fingers into him as he thrusted.  Soon, he began to move faster
and harder.  Kiyone found herself moaning, panting, gasping louder with
each movement.  The feelings built up within her, and finally, release.
Her skin flushed hot against his, her fingers rending his flesh as she
climaxed.  Tenchi pumped faster until unbelieveable feeling rushed
through him.  Tenchi shuddered as he hit climax, streaming hot inside
of her.  He fell to her side, spent.  
	Kiyone ran her fingers through his hair, and after a few 
minutes, they both fell asleep.  
	Tenchi awoke slowly the next morning, feeling quite groggy. 
He stretched out, and one arm laid itself over Kiyone.  She moaned and
rolled over.  She reached over and caressed his arm.  Tenchi was 
startled for a moment, but then remembered where he was.  He hugged her
back, and they shared a passionate kiss.  Tenchi sat up, and reached
for his clothes.  He found them by the side of the bed where Kiyone had
tossed them.  Tenchi thought about what would change in his life after
they got back home.  He cringed at what Ryoko and Aeka would think.  
In fact, he knew it would destroy them.  But he couldn't deny his 
feelings, and especially not after what had happened last night.
        Once Kiyone and Tenchi were ready to get up and go, they went
to the bridge.  Tenchi smiled at Kiyone, who beamed back at him.  
Kiyone thought about her life before Tenchi.  Any of the guys that she
had met would go instantly after Mihoshi.  She was beautiful, sexy...
and dumb as a rock.  The men found her irresistible, because she was so
easy.  But Tenchi...  Tenchi was a rare guy, one in a million.  He 
wouldn't take advantage of any of the women, and was willing to wait
until THEY were ready.  He didn't force himself upon them, and in fact
hid his emotions and lust when he was around them.  Kiyone knew this,
and that was why she went after Tenchi.  
        The planet Mars loomed in the viewport, its red and vibrant
color proclaiming its existence loudly into the blackness of space.
Kiyone seated herself at the controls.  "Well, Tenchi...shall we head
for home?"
        Tenchi cringed.  "Umm... Okay, but what will we do about Ryoko
and Aeka?  They'll skin us alive.."
	"We just won't tell them right now," responded Kiyone quickly.
	Tenchi sighed.  "I hope that holds out for a while.  But you
should watch what you do.  Those two are *remarkably* perceptive."
	Kiyone nodded, and pulled back the throttle.  Instantly, the
ship shot into space, leaving a crimson trail as it became a blur.
	It wasn't more than ten seconds before Earth, its cool blue
color a contrast compared to the burning red of Mars.  Earth grew 
larger as they approached, and Kiyone shut off the afterburners.  The
ship then coasted into the atmosphere, and then down towards one island
in particular.  
	The Yagami settled down in the lake before Tenchi's house.
Almost instantly, Ryoko and Aeka were at the side of the lake with 
stern, but welcoming looks at Tenchi.  A short ramp extended the last
few feet to the ground, and Tenchi and Kiyone walked quietly down it.
	Tenchi and Kiyone had agreed on it a minute ago, even though
Tenchi didn't really want to.  They had agreed that Tenchi should be
glad to see Ryoko and Aeka.  However, he was afraid that they would
take it the wrong way.  Tenchi reached out and hugged them both.
This caused their eyes to bug out meaningfully.  But Tenchi tried
his best to mean it.
	"Hi Aeka, hi, Ryoko!" he said.
	"T-t-tenchi?" said Aeka, her voice quavering.
	"It's good to see you two," finished Tenchi, not wanting the
two to get the wrong idea.  Ryoko was stunned, at a loss for words.
	Tenchi promptly went inside.  Sasami had her back to him at
the kitchen, chopping something up.  Ryo-ohki was perched on her
head.  
	"Hi, Sasami!" said Tenchi, startling her entirely.
	"Oh!  Hi, Tenchi!" said Sasami with much glee.  "Didja have
fun?"
	"You bet!" said Tenchi.  <Oooh yeah.  LOTS of fun.  You 
have NO idea, little girl.>
	Tenchi hugged Sasami just as he had Ryoko and Aeka.  Kiyone
followed him in shortly.  Ryoko and Aeka, however, were still out
by the lake, not moving.  Kiyone, seeing that no one was around,
gave Tenchi a kiss on the lips.  They held the kiss for a few 
seconds, not wanting to press their luck.
	Too bad.  They heard a gasp come from off to their right.
Nobuyuki was standing there, and he had dropped his newspaper.
	"Tenchi my BOY!" he yelled ecstatically.  "You're finally
growing up!"  
	Tenchi gestured, trying to hush his dad.  But to no avail,
at the moment.  
	"And to think I thought I'd have to send you to one of 
those Pink Salons!  But no, you've got the Masaki charm, it just
came out a little late, that's all...."
	Tenchi clamped a hand over Nobuyuki's mouth.  "Dad, I need
to ask you a personal favor," he said.
	Nobuyuki hesitated, but shook his head.
	"Please, for the love of Kami-sama, don't say a thing!"
	Nobuyuki freed his mouth.  "Why?"
	"If the rest find out, I'm dead meat."
	"Hmm..." said Nobuyuki.
	<Uh-oh...> thought Tenchi.
	"Well, if I do that for you, then you have to do something
for me."
	"W-what?"
	"You have to loosen up and play a normal teenage game with
the women.  Or at least have a drink.  I don't mind at all!  
Just once, I want them to see that you've loosened up a little."
	Tenchi sighed.  Well, why not?  What harm could come of
it?  "Okay..."
	"Oh BOY!  I'll tell dad that we'll have to leave for a 
while, and take Sasami with us..."
	Tenchi got the gist of it.  "Uhh, what kind of game, Dad?"
	"Well, I'd expect they'd want you to play truth or dare,
or something like that..."
	"Ahem.  Dad, as you can see, I'm already infatuated with
Kiyone.  I don't want something to...well..happen."
	"I see, but don't worry.  What's the worst that can 
happen?  I mean, you've always been good at weaseling yourself
out of stuff."
	So Tenchi accepted.  About ten minutes later, Ryoko and
Aeka came in the door, and they didn't stop staring at Tenchi.
They looked at the way he looked at them.  They watched his
movements, to see if they could read them.  But Tenchi seemed
even more secretive today.  It itched at them, and they almost
went mad not being able to figure it out.
	Tenchi ate lunch and then, as planned, jiichan and 
Nobuyuki went on some errand with Sasami.  And as planned,
Tenchi was to find some way to trick them into starting the
festivities.  Unfortunately, Tenchi couldn't find a less
obvious way than to suggest it.  So instead of suggesting it,
he brought a case of sake out when no one was looking, and 
placed it on the kitchen table.  Of course, it wasn't long
before Ryoko saw it, and broke it out.
	"Party time!!" she yelled, and passed a round of sake
to everyone.  She offered to Tenchi.  "Come on, loosen up!
It won't hurt to have one drink!"
	Tenchi led her on for a while, saying no, but he then
allowed himself to be badgered into it.  Fortunately, none
of the ladies noticed, save for Kiyone, who kept her mouth
shut.  She acted as normal, trying her best not to gaze at
Tenchi, or kiss him, or hug him.  
	After some sake, Tenchi was feeling tipsy, but Kiyone
stayed sober just for him, to keep an eye on him.  But 
Tenchi made sure he never really got that soused.  In fact, 
he never lost his better judgment.......or so he believed.
	Ryoko had just initiated a game of truth or dare, and
it was Tenchi's turn. 
	"Tenchi," said Ryoko.  "Truth or dare?"
	"Truth," came the obvious reply.
	"Okay.  Who do you love the most?"
	"Umm, shit.  Okay, dare."
	"All right...I dare you to....to do a striptease!!"
	"WHAT?!!"
	Ryoko could barely contain herself.  "That's right,
I dare you to strip for us, Tenchi.  It's either that or
answer the truth question!!"
	Aeka blushed.  "Oh, my.." she said.  Kiyone could
barely stop herself from laughing out loud.  But she also
had to contain her interest.  
	Tenchi, however, was stuck between a rock and a hard
place.  He COULDN'T answer the question.  It was literally
a life or death question.  He could lie and say he loved
one of the others, but he just couldn't deny his feelings.  
Or, he could embarrass himself beyond all belief and strip
for the women.  "Well..." sighed Tenchi.  "I guess stripping
wouldn't be the worst of both worlds.."
	"YAYY!!" yelled Ryoko.  She leapt up and stood atop
her chair.  "Whoop whoop!!  Come on, Tenchi!  Take it off!
Take it off!  Take it off!  I haven't seen one of these 
in years!!"
	Aeka's face turned a deep beet red.  But she did 
edge forwards to the end of her seat.  But it was just 
Ryoko, Aeka, and Kiyone, since Mihoshi was still out for
that review...
	Tenchi took another swig of sake...he found the stuff
amazingly addictive, even though he hated the taste of
it.  "But first..." he said.  "I need to get monumentally
drunk...or I'll embarrass myself!!"
	Ryoko had absolutely no problem with this.  Aeka
tried with all her might to contain herself, to make sure
she didn't lose her dignity.  But it was hard for her
to contain her eagerness.  
	After about another twenty minutes, Tenchi was 
finding it hard to walk.  His voice was slurred.  Of course,
it would take a lot more than that to put Ryoko down.  She
was just a little tipsy, that's all.  
	"Tenchiii... I think you're drunk enough.." she said.
	"Whutchew talkin' 'bout, wommin?  Ah tell yew wen I
is drunk enuff..." Tenchi tripped and landed with his face 
in Aeka's lap.  
	Aeka's eyes widened, and she blushed heavily.  Even
though she was a little soused, she felt as if her better
judgment hadn't left her, yet...
	
	But the dead giveaway was the fact that she didn't 
let him get away easily.

	Of course, Ryoko pulled him to his feet.  Kiyone 
watched them like a hawk.  "All right, lover boy, get to
it!"  she smiled gamely.
	Tenchi tottered about on the floor, tripping over
his own feet.  He worked at the buttons on his shirt, trying
to get it over with, but not exactly hurrying, either.  Ryoko
cheered him on.  She took some yen from who knows where, and
tucked it into his belt.  Tenchi finally got his shirt off
and he flung it out towards the "audience."  Aeka caught it,
and blushed so much, she could have lit the room up.
	Tenchi worked on his belt.  Once freed, the yen that
had been placed there fell to the floor.  As did his pants.
Aeka shielded her eyes, but peeked through her fingers.  
Ryoko's eyes grew wide and sparkly as she stared.  Ryoko
stood up and whooped some more.  
	Tenchi stood in his boxers, and stumbled around.  He
couldn't move with anything that resembled grace anymore.
Everyone, even Ryoko fully expected him to stop there.  But
Tenchi was just so drunk... he had been taking slugs from the
bottle he clutched the whole time.  Tenchi started to get
entirely nude.  Aeka gasped, and didn't peek through her
fingers this time.  Ryoko gasped, but leapt at him.  Kiyone,
her judgment getting the better of her, grabbed Ryoko's
foot.  Ryoko hit the ground with an audible slap, and Kiyone
pulled her back.  "None of that," she said.
	Ryoko grumbled, and sat down to watch the rest of the
show.  Tenchi, now nude, tottered around.  Ryoko looked over
and saw that Aeka was covering her eyes, blushing.  So Ryoko
grabbed Aeka's hands, and pulled them away.

	Aeka got an eyeful.
	
	It started out for a second with just wide eyes.  But
then, she blushed a deep red, then scarlet, then purple.
She couldn't take her eyes off of him.  
	"Lord Tenchi..." she gasped.
	Tenchi took another slug from the sake.  Finally, he
had had enough.  He fell to the floor, out cold from too 
much liquor.  Ryoko again leapt at him, but this time, Aeka
contained her in a forcefield.  She beat ferociously on the
inside of it.  
	Kiyone finally decided that enough was enough, and she
dressed Tenchi.  She then brought him to his room, and left
promptly to so as to not arouse suspicion.  
	But she did kiss him on the forehead, with a quiet
"Oyasume."
	Aeka and Ryoko argued over which one of them would get
Tenchi, and kept at their liquor.  After another hour, they
passed out.  Kiyone spread a spare futon on the floor, and
slept.  But she was lonely for Tenchi.  But because she 
loved him, she couldn't expose his secret by openly sleeping
with him.
	
	Besides, he was probably out of it by now.

	The next morning, Tenchi woke up groggily, and with 
one hell of a hangover.  He didn't remember much... Just getting
dared into stripping.  He didn't even know if he actually did 
it.  Tenchi stepped out of his room, and was greeted by his
dad.  "Tenchi, you ARE hardcore!  I feel like a novice next
to you!"	
	"What do you mean, dad?"
	"They way you stripped and entertained the women last
night!  I would never have worked up the guts for that!"
	Tenchi moaned, and walked quickly away from his dad.
Soon, he would have to explain to the others about his
relationship with Kiyone.

	But that would have to wait until after he stopped
seeing three of everything...
	Wasyuu-chan greeted him.  "Hey Tenchi!  I was working
on something all last night!  What happened?"
Tenchi recapped to Wasyuu. 
	She looked downcast.  "OHH!!  Damn my luck!  The one
time I figure nothing's going to happen, and you go and put
on a show!  I haven't been to one in millennia!!"
	Wasyuu left promptly to get to breakfast.  Tenchi
followed close behind.  At breakfast, Sasami had made some
miso.  Kyoto, Tenchi's favorite.  
	"Tenchi!" said Sasami.
	"Yes?"
	"Aeka told me all about what happened last night..." she 
giggled.
	Tenchi blushed madly.  <She must've still been drunk,>
he thought.
	Once Kiyone was at the table, Tenchi decided it was 
time to make the announcement.
	He stood up.  "A-hem.." everyone looked up expectantly.
	"Well, all of you were wondering for quite some time
which one of you I would choose..."
	All of them were on the edge of their seats.  
	"Aaaaand...  I choose..."
	Eyes widened, women stood up, looking pleadingly into
Tenchi's eyes.
	"Kiyone."
	"Waaah?" they were struck down by that.
	Kiyone had known it, so she just walked over to Tenchi
and they shared a passionate kiss.  Nobuyuki wicked away a
tear.  
	Aeka and Ryoko stared blankly.  Ryoko phased away, a
single tear hitting the ground as she left.  Aeka's eyes 
filled up with tears, and she hid her face in shame.  Sasami
was happy for them, and gave Tenchi a hug.  Wasyuu nodded
knowingly.  
	Aeka, unable to bear it any longer, rushed towards
Tenchi.  She grasped his shirt, and buried her face into
him, sobs wracking her body.  "Tenchi.." she sniffled.
"B-but...I...L...love you!"  
	Tenchi knew this would happen, that he would have to
put up with this.  But he knew he couldn't bear it much 
longer.  Unfortunately for him, Ryoko appeared nearby, her
face sticky with dried tears.  She gripped onto him, and 
both of the women's sorrow echoed through the dining room.
Tenchi couldn't help it.  Tears formed in his eyes.  
	"I..I'm sorry...but I can't deny my feelings..."
	Tenchi started to break down.  <Oh God, it hurts..>
he thought.  <It hurts so bad...I don't know if I can take
it much longer..>
	The women's sobs didn't let up, and Tenchi just gave
up trying to shield his emotions.  <This...this is like when
my mom died only...only worse, somehow..>
	Tenchi fell to his knees, the women following him 
down.  Shamefully, he buried his face in his hands and
bawled.  He cried, and cried.  He felt torn.  It was just
too much.  Kiyone curled up and cried, too.  She had never
seen Tenchi cry before...  And it hurt her deeply.  
	Nobuyuki couldn't say anything.  He just swallowed
deeply, and patted his son on the back, any words of
encouragement lost to the moment.
	It went on for what seemed like hours, but what was
really only twenty minutes.  Tenchi didn't think it would
affect him that much.  But it was unbearable to him, to
have to hurt the women that had sought after him for so
long so deeply.  
	Tenchi stood up, trying to hide his tears, blushing
with shame.  Kiyone stepped up to him, and he threw his
arms around her, sobbing.  She cried, too, holding him.
	Despite everything, Aeka and Ryoko decided to stay
for a while longer, at least until they recuperated from
the loss.  They were still there three months later when
Tenchi and Kiyone got married.  
	And nine months after that, when their first child,
Yuli, was born.  Of course, Ryoko and Aeka found their
own men.  Ryoko would visit from time to time, always to
say hi to Tenchi and their child.  Aeka wasn't as lucky.
She almost never got to visit, because of her royal duty.
Sasami decided to stay there for a while, simply because
she didn't have to do all that queenly stuff.
	But, as the ever-famous saying goes, Tenchi and
Kiyone lived happily ever after...
========================================================
Well, I finished the Kiyone story.  I can't think of
anything else to say, except e-mail me and tell me what
you think!!
URL:www.geocities.com/cubone41	
E-mail:cubone41@yahoo.com 
