For The Love of Kiyone

A Tenchi-Muyo fanfic by Keiichi Masaki
(Keiichi_dono@hotmail.com, keiichi-dono@geocities.com)

Tenchi and Kiyone Masaki (did I hear a collective faint?
Good!), as well as the rest of the
cast from Tenchi-Muyo!, are the property of Pioneer and AIC.

Author's note/rant: This is my response fic to Dr. Tran's
challenge on the FFML,
and to a similar one made at GenSao's this weekend.
Ten-Kiyo fics are my stock in trade
(no apologies whatsoever to the RFFC), and so, being the
High Priest of the Temple of the
Teal-tressed Goddess, it falls to me.

(Author ducks rocks and bricks thrown by various RFFC
members
bearing the words "traitor" and "heretic")

Well... on with the fic:

 Interlude: Make Love to Me....

 (Warning: as indicated by the chapter's title, this
installment contains scenes of a
graphically sexual nature.  However, none of the sex in here
is violent or nonconsentual, and
intended as a depiction of love between two young people of
legal age.  I'll try to make it as
tasteful as possible.)

 "Mmm...." Tenchi had never felt this good about morning
before.
 Of course, he reflected, I've never had this angel beside
me to wake up to....
 He shifted slightly to watch Kiyone sleep.  Always
beautiful,
even early in the morning with mussed hair, she looked
positively angelic now.
A small, content smile curved her beautiful lips upward.
Sensing Tenchi's movement,
she shifted too, snuggling closer to him.
 Soon she became aware of his attention and opened one eye
sleepily.
"Mmm.... morning, Tenchi-yon."
 "Good morning, Kiyone--I mean, Kiyone-yoni." He kissed her
on the forehead.
"Morning's never felt so good before."
 "Morning or bed?" she asked teasingly.
 "Both." Tenchi gently caressed her cheek. "Part of me
wonders why we
didn't do this before."
 "And I can guess which part," Kiyone quipped playfully,
reaching under
the covers to tickle the specific item.
 Tenchi groaned, feeling his body react to her
ministrations. "Oh, god....
m-maybe you sh-shouldn't do th-that.... it's still
re-recovering...."
 Kiyone arched a teal eyebrow.  "Really?  It feels recovered
to me...."
 "Kiyone-yoni...."
 "All right.  I'll let it rest.... for a little while." She
rested her head
on his chest. "Still, I know what you mean."
 Tenchi wrapped his arms around Kiyone. "Last night.... I
still
can't quite find the words to describe it...."
 "Don't worry about it.  Just hold me...."
 "Forever...." Tenchi settled back into the bed, letting the
events of
the prior evening--or earlier that morning, if one wanted to
be technical--replay in his
head, the events that had lead to he and his ladylove being
snuggled
together like this, wearing naught but the sheets....

* * *

 "Tenchi-yon?"
 "Yes, Kiyone-yoni?"
 "Make love to me."
 "Huh?!" Tenchi looked at her in shock. Not that the thought
hadn't crossed his
mind--in fact, he had been doing his best to ignore those
urges--but still.... "A-are you sure?"
 Kiyone smiled. "Tenchi-yon, the first thing you need to
learn about Megamian women
is that they never say 'make love to me' unless they're
absolutely sure."
 "And what's the second?" Tenchi asked lightly.
 "One step at a time, Tenchi-yon...."

 The next step was Kiyone's bed.
 In all the times that Tenchi had been on Yagami, both
before and after he and
Kiyone had become a couple, he had never been in her
bedroom.  In the rest of her quarters,
sure, and in her bedroom in his house, but never on Yagami.
They had never spoken of it, and
she had never made any real effort to keep him out, but he
had simply never been in there.
It was almost as if it was someplace sacred, someplace that
he had to prove himself worthy
before entering....
 "What're you thinking about, Tenchi-yon?" Kiyone asked, the
hand not in his
resting on the translucent curtain that separated her
bedchamber from the rest of her quarters.
 "Just.... that this is the first time I've ever been in
here," he answered,
blushing slightly.
 "Huh?" Kiyone was confused for a moment, then her features
softened
as she realized what he meant.  She squeezed his hand.  "I'm
sorry if I've been keeping
you out."
 "No, it's okay." Tenchi squeezed back. "I just figured that
when the time was right,
we'd be here."
 "And here we are," she said, softly pulling the curtain
aside.
 It was a fairly typical-looking bedroom, with a dresser,
closet, and nightstand
situated around the bed.  The closet door was half-open,
showing Kiyone's dress uniform hanging
neatly.  Tenchi was a little surprised to see a plush cabbit
doll resting on the bed next to
the pillows.  "It's a nice room."
 Kiyone was blushing slightly.  "Well, sit down, make
yourself comfortable...."
She gestured at the bed.
 Tenchi watched his fiancée as he sat down.  "Kiyone-yoni,
are you okay?"
 Kiyone nodded as she seated herself next to him, leaning
against him as he wrapped an
arm around her. "Yeah, I'm okay."
 "Nervous?" he asked--well, nervously.  This was his first
time, after all.
 "Yeah, a little, but about two things." She shifted around
and faced him. "Tenchi-yon,
you're the second man that's been in here."
 Tenchi nodded, gulping.  His future wife or not, Kiyone was
five years older than
he was.  She had never talked much about her past relations
with other men, and he hadn't
felt it his place to inquire.  He didn't--he couldn't--fault
her for being with someone else;
he was merely a little jealous that he wouldn't be the
first. "Kiyone-yoni, whatever happened
before I met you is none of my business."
 "I know, and I appreciate that, but when you said you'd
marry me, you
agreed to take all of me, including my emotional baggage....
anyway, there was a
young man, who I met at the Academy." Kiyone paused to gauge
Tenchi's reaction, then
continued. "Akito and I were very close, as close as you and
I are in some ways.  We had
even broached the subject of marriage.... and had almost
become engaged the night we made love."
She smiled softly. "He was a lot like you, you know.  Very
sweet, kinda shy.... he had actually
bought the ring...."
 Not sure what to say or feel, Tenchi asked, "Wh-what
happened?"
 Kiyone sighed. "We were going to have dinner that night,
and.... I already
knew about the ring, knew what he was going to do, and knew
my answer....
but he was called away by Vice for a drug bust.  He assured
me that it would be over quick
and kissed me good-bye.  He never came home."
 Now Tenchi was really unsure what to say.  So he did the
first thing he could think
of: he hugged Kiyone tightly.  After a moment she leaned
against him, sighing. "I'm sorry,"
he whispered.
 "It's okay," she whispered. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have
dumped that on you
now.  I've long since come to terms with losing Akito, but
I've never been in love since....
until I met you."
 "I feel the same way about Maya and you," Tenchi whispered,
kissing her
gently on the forehead.  A thought occurred to him.
"Kiyone-yoni, if you don't want
to do this tonight, that's perfectly fine--"
 "No." Her voice was firm, but was also accented with
longing.  Her
sapphire eyes met his of mahogany, and he read more of that
longing, mixed with a
hint of mischief. "Tenchi-yon, for the last six months, I've
wanted to get you in here.
I was just waiting for you to make the first move."
 "You what?!" Tenchi sputtered, unsure whether to
disappointed at the
missed opportunities or elated that she really did want him
as much as he wanted her.
"B-but why....?  One of the things I love most about you is
your forthrightness."
 Kiyone turned a cute smile upon him, the one she used when
she had gotten something
out of Tenchi that he hadn't even realized he'd forked over.
"I know, but after all the
madness you've had to put up with, I thought you would
appreciate the traditional approach."
 "I don't know if I appreciate the approach, but I do
cherish the motives--and
the woman who executed them." He turned her chin upward
slightly and brushed his lips
against hers.  She sighed her contentment into his mouth,
and the two lovers held the kiss
for a long moment.
 Finally Tenchi broke the kiss, albeit reluctantly. "You're
sure you want to do
this tonight?"
 Kiyone caressed his cheek. "Absolutely." She abruptly stood
up. "I'll be right back."
 Tenchi was surprised (naturally). "Where're you going?"
 "To take a shower," Kiyone answered brightly as she
gathered up a small pile
of clothing.
 "Huh?!  But you already took one...."
 "I want to get ready for you," she told him.  There was
even more teasing
in her voice now.
 "Y-you know," he said softly, not trusting his voice, "I
wanted to undress
you myself our first time...."
 "Don't worry, you will," she assured him.  There was a fair
amount of
desire mixed with the love in her eyes, promising a tiring
but fulfilling night.
 "Wh-what do you want me to do in here?" he asked.
 "Like I said earlier, make yourself comfortable.  I'll be
back soon...."
She leaned down and kissed him on the forehead (ironically
enough, on the very place
that he would kiss on her forehead).  With that, she was
gone, and Tenchi fell back on
the bed, his head already swimming with images of Kiyone in
the shower.... and, for once,
he wouldn't have to take a cold one to purge those thoughts.

 By the time twenty minutes had passed, Tenchi was as
comfortable
as he could make himself.  His clothing had begun to feel
constrictive
(nervousness combined with.... something else), so he had
stripped to his shorts
and stretched out on her bed.
 Why are you so nervous? he asked himself.
 As if you didn't know, he answered back.  I'm going to be
making love for
the first time with the woman I love and will marry!  Why
shouldn't I be nervous?!
 "Hi, Tenchi-yon."
 Tenchi looked up, and his eyes widened.  Kiyone was
standing in the entryway
to the bedroom, wearing a white button-down shirt that came
down to her knees.
She was patting at her still-wet hair with a towel, and her
skin was slightly reddened
from standing under hot water.
 As far as Tenchi was concerned, she had never looked
sexier.
 She smiled and approached the bed.  "I see you've made
yourself comfortable."
 "I see you've made yourself irresistible," he replied,
pulling himself
into a sitting position.
 "I'm sorry I don't have any champagne or anything to
offer," Kiyone
apologized as she climbed onto the bed, kneeling in front of
Tenchi.
 "The only thing I want is you," he whispered hoarsely,
rising on his
knees and taking her by the shoulders, his eyes burning into
hers.
 "That's exactly what I wanted to hear," she replied,
meeting his
lips with hers.  Upon contact, their mouths opened slightly,
just enough to allow the
other's tongue access.  After a few pleasant moments of
osculation, Tenchi gently pulled
away from her lips and began to nibble his way down to her
collarbone.  Her sighs grew louder.
 Their hands were equally busy.
 Kiyone's hands were working their way up and down Tenchi's
chest.  While he
wasn't a muscle magazine cover boy, he was naturally wiry
and practicing kendo since he
was old enough to move and swing a bokken at the same time
had kept him trim.  She shifted
her legs slightly, spreading them open to allow Tenchi to
kneel between them.
 For their part, Tenchi's fingers were quickly undoing the
buttons of her shirts,
probing underneath, acting on his desire to undress his
beloved himself.  Under the shirt
was a pair of lace string bikini-style panties and a lace
bra, both just a shade lighter than
Kiyone's hair.
 His eyes widened; while he and Kiyone had made out a number
of times, this
was the first time he'd seen her so close to completely
naked.  Her body was athletic
and very well-proportioned; no supermodel or idol singer
could have bettered her.  She
was beautiful all over.
 He was about to keep kissing down her body when his eyes
fell upon
a pendant resting between her breasts.  "Hmm?" He disengaged
his lips and took
a closer look at it.  It was silver, heart-shaped locket
with the characters for
"Kiyone" engraved just above a perfect rounded stone that
looked like a cross between a
sapphire and a turquoise.
 "Tenchi-yon, why'd you--oh, I see." Kiyone, her
arousal-flushed
face a close analog of her fiancé's, looked down and saw the
object holding his
attention.  "I see you found it."
 Tenchi gently fingered the locket, somehow ignoring
the fact that it rested between a  rather impressive pair of
breasts. "It's beautiful.
I've never seen you wearing it before."
 "And how often would you have been in a position to see
it?" Kiyone laughed softly.
At his flush of embarrassment, she leaned down and kissed
his head. "I'm sorry, darling.
That's a pendant that Megamian women traditionally wear when
they expect their lover to propose."  After the proposal,
the two make love, and then he puts it on for the rest of
his life."
 "Oh?  So you were expecting me to propose tonight?" Tenchi
chuckled.  He
felt like he should have been a little insulted, but instead
he felt rather amused.
"My wife knows what I'm gonna do before I do."
 "Yes, I do," Kiyone replied coyly, wrapping her arms around
his neck. "And what
you're going to do right now is start kissing me again."
 "Yes, my lady...." Tenchi's mouth resumed nibbling on her
collarbone,
as his hands went around her back, coming together in the
small of her back.
One braced itself against her spine while the other began to
gently tug at the strap
stretched horizontally across her back.
 Kiyone giggled. "Tenchi-yon, the hook's in the front." To
demonstrate, she
pushed him away gently and reached between her breasts,
deftly unsnapping the hook.
The bra fell into her lap, exposing her rosy pink nipples.
She shifted slightly, causing
her generously-sized bosom to bounce invitingly.  "There.
Is that better?"
 "H-hai...." Tenchi picked up his pace, working his lips
down to the upper
curves of her breasts in ten seconds flat (no pun
intended).  Just as quickly,
his lips slipped over one erect nipple, gently caressing it
with his tongue.
 "Ahh...." Kiyone arched her back, closing her eyes.  She
dug her fingers into
Tenchi's shoulders, her nails breaking skin.  Neither of
them cared.
 Tenchi's lips were now encircling the other nipple, and
were now proving a theory.
One of his friends in high school, a boy who was what
Americans called a "player," had
once confided to him that each girl had their own unique
taste.  This was after
he and Maya had parted ways, and he couldn't remember her
having any real taste....
 ....but with Kiyone, it was as if all his nerves were
sharpened to the
nth degree--including taste.  And if his senses were working
right.... his fiancée
tasted like peaches and cream.
 "Ungh.... Tenchi-yon...." Kiyone pushed herself onto his
lap, effectively
straddling him, pushing her pelvis closer to his.  However,
his legs were too far
spread open to support her, and she ended up toppling onto
her back.  Her arms were
tightly wrapped around Tenchi, so he landed on top of her.
 Naturally, this bothered neither of them.
 Kiyone merely shifted slightly, spreading her legs and
wrapping them around
Tenchi's waist as he stretched out between them.  His lips
were now working their way back
up her body, finally settling back on hers.
 The fierce kissing went on for a long time before they
separated for breath.
Tenchi gasped for oxygen, then looked down at his beloved.
She was breathing
heavily, hair matted to her forehead with sweat.  Her face
was red, like his, from
both exertion and arousal; further evidence of the latter
was present in the moist
crotch of her panties and the painfully hard erection now
poking through his shorts.
 He stroked her cheek gently. "Kiyone-yoni?"
 Kiyone smiled up at him and pulled her face down to hers,
then whispered,
"What's wrong?"
 "Nothing," he answered shakily. "I just wanted to know that
you were ready...."
 She nodded. This was just as effective as if she'd said, "I
am.... make love to
me, darling...."
 Tenchi quickly pushed his shorts off, groaning in relief as
the pressure
of the shorts against him disappeared.  He wasted no time in
removing Kiyone's panties;
the sight of her fully exposed to him, her inner gate topped
by a triangle of aquamarine, in
itself almost brought him over the edge.  He knelt between
her thighs and
eased himself into her.
 "Ahh!" Kiyone arched her back, the almost-forgotten
sensations racing
up and down her body.
 Tenchi immediately stopped.  Forcing himself to ignore the
intoxicating feel
of her, he started to pull out. "Are you okay?  Did I hurt
you?"
 "You sweet fool.... no.  Quite the opposite," Kiyone
whispered.  She reached
up for Tenchi, who leaned down enough for her to wrap her
arms around his neck again,
bring him down on top of her.  She cried out again as he
slipped back in.
"Ohh, Tenchi-yon.... that's so good...."
 "K-kiyone-yoni...." Tenchi groaned as he entered her
fully.  None of his fantasies
or dreams, none of their make-out sessions, had prepared him
for the sheer rush of
the real thing, the moist snugness of her around him, the
heaving of her body beneath
him coupled with her almost-rhythmic panting.   Bracing his
feet against the
mattress, he slowly eased forward, the contact of their
bodies intoxicating him.
 Kiyone, her legs wrapped firmly around Tenchi, pushed
herself against him,
plunging him into her to the hilt.  Another gasp of pleasure
escaped her lips, and
she closed her eyes.  After Akito had died, she had thrown
herself into her work,
burying the loneliness under a pile of arrest reports and
procedures.
She had never seriously entertained the thought of taking up
with someone else,
never thought that she could love anyone so deeply again....
but then she
and Tenchi had spent that night talking on the roof.
 She had often wondered, and still would in the future, if
she would have made
the same choices had she known the outcome.
 And the answer was always a resounding "Yes."
 This was the culmination of six months of love, of longing,
and of need.
 And he felt so good....
 "Kiyone-yoni.... I can't hold out much longer...." Tenchi's
voice was shaking;
little surprise there.
 Kiyone herself was close to her edge. "Me too...." She
began to buck as
Tenchi increased his rhythm, going faster and harder,
pushing both of them closer....
 As the moment neared, their eyes met, and Tenchi smiled. "I
love you," he whispered.
 "I love you too," Kiyone whispered back, an angelic smile
on her face.
 And then it was upon them.

 "Oro.... my head...." Tenchi slowly sat up, feeling father
drained.  He'd
just had the wildest erotic dream about Kiyone and him, and
he felt like it had been--
 --"Ohayoo."
 "Oro?!" Tenchi turned, and saw Kiyone, wearing naught but
the sheets, smiling up at
him.  She too looked as if she'd been exercising heavily
(understatement of the year)
but she also had a smugly satisfied look on her face....
 And then it dawned on him, that he had no reason to be
ashamed, or embarrassed,
or anything other than supremely satisfied.
 He smiled and lay down again, wrapping his arms around his
fiancée. "Ohayoo."
 "Are you sure that was your first time?" she whispered
teasingly.
 "Huh?" His face suddenly reddened, then he realized she was
joking.
"You're not just saying that to make me feel good, are you?"

 "Well, I am saying to make you feel good, but I meant it,
too.  You--"
she poked his chest gently "--were quite good last night."
 "And you--" he kissed her on the forehead "--were
incredible." He
paused for a moment, and then whispered, "Did I ever tell
you that you taste like
peaches and cream?"
 "Nani?!" Kiyone looked a little shocked, then giggled. "I
don't know whether to
be amused or flattered!"
 "Try both.  Now...." Tenchi's left hand reached up, gently
cupping her right breast.
"....now what do we do?"
 "Now, my husband, it's time for you to learn the second
thing you need to know
about Megamian women."
 Tenchi raised an eyebrow.  "And that is?"
 She wrapped her arms around his neck, and drew her body
against his. "Once we're
married to someone.... well, let's just say that you may
need to reevaluate your
idea of a good night's sleep."
 "Would you be so kind as to demonstrate?" he asked dryly.
 "Oh, I think so...."

* * *

 "Ready to go?" Tenchi asked.
 Kiyone exhaled. "Yeah.  I don't know why I feel nervous.
All we'll be doing
is telling your dad that we've finally gone and done what
he's been bugging us about
since day one."
 "And now he'll be checking your stomach...." Tenchi sighed.
"Ah, well." He took
her hand and squeezed it gently. "Ready to go, Mrs. Masaki?"

 "I've been ready for six months," she smiled.
 "Me too."

 Nobuyuki stretched and yawned.  'Maybe it wasn't such a
good idea to wait up all
night for them to get back...."
 "Then why did you?" Washu inquired, bringing him a cup of
tea.  Unlike Nobuyuki,
she--and everyone else in the house--had slept soundly.
 "I wanted to tease Tenchi and Kiyone when they got home.
Last night was their
six-month anniversary, and I think he was planning to
propose, so I was expecting them
to get home late.  I guess I didn't expect them to be this
late, though...."
 "We're home!" The front door slid open, and the missing
couple stepped through.
 "Oh!  Welcome back, you two!" called out Sasami, emerging
from the kitchen. "Did
you two have a good time last night?"
 At that both of them blushed, and started to say "Yes" at
the same time.
 "I'd say they did," remarked Washu dryly.
 "How wonderful!" Before either Tenchi or Kiyone could move,
Nobuyuki was hugging
them both tightly. "I knew it!  I knew it!" He directed his
next exultation to the heavens.
"Did you hear that, my darling Achika?  We're going to be
grandparents!"
 "Dad, you moron," Tenchi managed to choke out. "At least
say hi to your
daughter-in-law!"
 "You're right, Tenchi!" Now Kiyone was being nearly
suffocated by Nobuyuki's
embrace. "Welcome to the family, my daughter!!"
 "Dad!  You can let go of her now!"
 Nobuyuki finally released her, still crying out to the
heavens.  Tenchi caught
her in his arms. "I guess neither of us quite reckoned on
everything that the other
would bring, huh, Kiyone-yoni?"
 "It's worth it," she smiled.  "Now, could you help me up
the stairs?"
 "Of course." And he swept her up in his arms and started
carrying her up
the staircase.
 Washu sighed and smiled, shaking her head slightly as their
tired but happy voices
faded from earshot (and as Nobuyuki was now shouting his
thanks to every deity under the sun
out in the driveway).  "Ah, young love...."

Owari

Author's notes:
One word about this, in the words of Kenshin Himura:
"Oro...." This is the first--and last--lemon I'm gonna post
to the FFML. If you want
My thanks to Chris Carlson and Mark Eymer for their
prereading and suggestions,
and to Long H. Tran for the challenge that has brought me
thus far.

List of songs listened to during the writing of this (in
hopes of
explaining my state of mind ^^):

"Kiss Me" by Sixpence None the Richer
"Yakusoku wa Iranai" by Maaya Sakamoto
"Take My Heart," "Never Surrender," "Everything in My
Heart," "Going Home,"
"In Your Soul," and "Chase the Sun" by Corey Hart (yeah,
yeah, I'm half-Canadian)
"Rain" by Ryotaro Okiayu
"If You Asked Me To" by Celine Dion (which, upon closer
inspection, seems as
good a theme song as any for this series)
"Leave A Tender Moment Alone" by Billy Joel
"Heart of Sword" by T.M. Revolution
"When I Feel This Way" by Beth-Nielsen Chapman

Oh, and one more thing: Kthardin, your doujinshi was
probably responsible for this too.
Thought you'd like to know. ^^