Tenchi and all associated characters are the property
of AIC and Pioneer LDC. I don't own any rights to them
at all. Any other characters are property of their
respective copyright holders, not me.
(AN: This is my first lemon so .... plz R&R flames
welcome as well)

Baths

*Dam this place is as bigger than the onsen I built*
Ryoko looked around at the baths there were single
baths all connected through aqueduct.  Hot and ice
cold baths surrounding one big bath which all flowed
into.  There was a waterfall on the far side that
seemed to lead to another area but she couldn't tell
where.  After scrubbing she was sitting soaking up the
warm water when she heard some splashes other than
normal.  She looked in the direction of the noise to
see Tenchi under the waterfall with his eyes closed
walking out in the big bath.  He sat down to soak
still not opening his eyes.  *I'll just go over there
and surprise him*  She phased out and phased in on the
opposite side of the bath that Tenchi was in.  She
started to float over as quietly as she could.  When
she reached the half way point Tenchi all of a sudden
reached up with is right arm.  What happened next
almost caused Ryoko to have a heart attack.  The water
in the bath formed a hand and reached up and grabbed
her.  Then both Tenchi's and the water hand went under
water.  Ryoko broke the surface of the bath gagging
and spiting up water.

Tenchi laughing "Nothing happens on this ship  that I
or May know about Ryoko.  That's why I knew you were
there."

"That wasn't funny Tenchi." she phased out and phased
next to him. "Tenchi." she said with that seductive
voice while drawing circles with her finger on his
chest. "You now I've missed you while you were gone."

"I know, so did I." he reached out and pulled her in
and placed a lust filled kiss on her that made her
head swim.  She broke the spell she was under and
started to fill him up.

"Hey no fair, you can't have her to yourself now."
Nef walked out from under the waterfall over to them
(still in her attire but being that they were wet now
it was like it was not there anyway.

"Huh?" Ryoko questioned. but it was quickly forgotten
when Nefirdyti kissed Tenchi deeply then did her the
same. *What's going on here?*

"Ryoko remember when I said 'that to love me is to
love your sister wives as well?"

"Yes, but what does she have to do with it?" while she
was rubbing Nefirdyti's chest and Tenchi's back.

"Well you see I have been bonded to him do to his
actions.  So where he goes I go.  Who he love's I
love."  Nefirdyti explained

"Oh, so I will have to share him with one more woman?"

"That's about right."

"What ever as long as I can have Tenchi I don't care."
 Ryoko pulled Nefirdyti into a passion filled kiss.
Tenchi laid back and watched the two for a few minutes
before he grabbed Ryoko and lifted her out of the bath
and placed her on the ledge.  He then started to kiss
her and laid her down on her back.  Nef joined hem in
the kisses and started to caress her left thigh.
Nefirdyti slowly worked from Ryoko's lips down her
chin to her neck and finished at her left breast.
While doing this she unbuckled her front buckle on her
belt to allow the dress to slip off.  Both Tenchi and
Nefirdyti had worked their hands up Ryoko's legs to
her lower lips and started to stimulate the woman.
Each worked their respective side, each had a breast
in their mouth licking sucking and bitting when
appropiate.

Nefirdyti then did something that Ryoko never saw
coming and would never forget for the rest of her
life.  The ornament that Ryoko had noticed earlier
un-snaked it's self from her leg to reveal that it was
a tail which had been coiled around Nefirdyti's leg to
hide what it was.  Tenchi knowing what was about to
happen slowly opened Ryoko's opening to help out,
while moving to her neck to distract her.  When Nef
saw that she was distracted  her tail inserted itself
into her.

"Aaaaahhhhh" Ryoko gasped as it inserted all the way
in, filling her up to the point she couldn't take
anymore.  After doing so it changed it's shape
slightly to give it bumps and different sizes.
Nefirdyti started to move her tail in and out of
Ryoko.  "Ooohhh god, oh god!" Ryoko screamed as she
came so hard she nearly passed out.  Nefirdyti smiled
at her from her spot just below her breast and move up
to kiss her deeply.  When Nef figured that Ryoko had
recovered enough to continue she sent a mental signal
to her tail.  What happened next took Ryoko a week to
remember, even then she had to be told it three times.
 Nefirdyti's tail (the part that staid inside Ryoko)
separated into nine separate smaller tails.  Each when
to different places inside of her.  One moved to her
cervix and started to massage it.  Two and three went
to her C, and G-spot respectively.  Four-eight just
started to wiggle around inside.  Number nine
unraveled enough so it was outside of she and it move
to Ryoko's ass and entered it.  All that stimulation
set Ryoko off so hard her eyes rolled to the back of
her head, her back arched up so much she was on her
toes and her head only.  Ryoko was in this position
for a good 60 seconds then finally came down slowly,
once she did Nefirdyti pulled out her tail.  As it did
it went back to one solid tail once again.

"Oh god that was fucking great.  COME HERE! (ala that
yellow ninja she likes to play)"  Ryoko exclaimed.
She snatched Nefirdyti up and placed her sitting on
her face and started to eat her out.  Tenchi on the
other hand  moved between Ryoko's legs and started to
lick her lower set of lips that were so swollen by now
he could fill the heat from them six inches away as he
moved his face near them.    Nefirdyti's tail did
something that Ryoko loved even more than the other
things that it had already done.  It uncoiled itself
completely to reveal that her tail in fact was made up
of nine smaller tail which each can act independently
of each other.  Which they did, one and two wrapped
around a breast groping them.  Three and four grabbed
the nipples.  Five, six, seven, and eight caressed her
sides and stomach.   Number nine ended up in Nef's
mouth getting sucked on.  After cumming two more times
and causing Nefirdyti to have four of her own, Ryoko
inserted her finger in her ass which caused Nefirdyti
to cum so hard she fell over in a pleasure induced
comma.

"Dam your good Ryoko" Tenchi stated coming up from
between her legs to see Nefirdyti laid out on the
floor with her tails spread out.

"Huh, why do you say that?"

"Because if  she was even partially conscious her tail
would be wrapped up in one not spread out like that."
Tenchi reached out to help Ryoko sit up.  After
sitting her up Tenchi grabbed her hips and lifted her
up and impaled her on his manhood.  Ryoko's head flew
back as she arched her back from the pleasure she felt
from this.  She wrapped her arms and legs around him
to hold on as he started to walk over to the
waterfall.  Tenchi reached the rocks at the waterfall
and pined Ryoko to them and began to slowly move his
hips.  Then slowness of his actions were driving Ryoko
crazy, so she grabbed the back of his head and pulled
it away enough to see his eyes.

"STOP FUCKING AROUND AND FUCK THE SHIT OUT OF
ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

"Ok but remember you asked for it."

"Huh?"  was all Ryoko got out before Tenchi started to
slam in and out of her.  After Ryoko came twice Tenchi
flipped her over, taking her from behind for two more
and finished her off by doing her in the ass.  Ryoko
passed out when she came that last time.  Tenchi
washed her and Nefirdyti off and placed them in bed.
They all had  a pleasant sleep.  Nefirdyti had a dream
that she was fucking Ryoko again and so was Ryoko.
Unknown to the two and mainly because Nefirdyti keeps
forgetting, her tail was doing what she was dreaming
it would do.

--------------------------------------------

Tenchi stood there in the master bedroom looking at
two very entangled and very beautiful women.  "Wake up
you two."

"N-No l--later let me sleep tired." they both said

"Can't we got to get ready"

"Five minutes more." they chimed in.

"Nope up," Tenchi reached out with his left hand and
like before it flashed dark for a sec.  The two ladies
phased out and back in above the baths and hung there
for one second then fell in the ice cold waters of
that section of the bath.  After hitting the water the
two popped out of it so fast they would have burned
themselves if they hadn't been so cold.  They landed
in the main bath to warm back up.

"TENCHI!!!!!!"  They both screamed

----------------------------------------------------------

Please R & R thank you