	Warning this is a Lemon fanfic; which means that it is
adult oriented and has sexual content.  If you are under legal
age or easily offended by this kind of material, then please hit 
the back button on your browser.  This is also my first lemon
fanfic and it's not that great and it may not make that much sense.
NOTE: none of these characters are mine and are the property of 
somebody else.

Please send all comments or suggestions to: Mike_Forever@hotmail.com



It was a quiet day at the carrot patch and Tenchi was hard at work
picking some carrots for lunch.  Sasami had nothing to do that day
so she decided to go help Tenchi.  On her head sat Ryo-ohki who
miayed contentedly for she knew that they were going to the carrot
patch.  Tenchi looked up form his work and saw Sasami walking down
the road wearing shorts and a T-shirt.  Tenchi was sweating 
profusely and decided to take off his shirt, to reveal a muscular
chest, in an effort to cool off.  Sasami saw Tenchi hard at work 
and noticed how cute he was when he was bare-chested.  Tenchi had
always had a secret crush on Tenchi and didn't know how to 
approach her.  

	As Sasami came into full view Tenchi's dick started
to grow in his shorts.  Soon Tenchi's hard-on became too hard to 
hide, comfortably.  Sasami, by this time had noticed the bulge in
Tenchi's pants.  Tenchi kept working despite his discomfort.  

	Ryo-oki had now dug a tunnel under the ground to get at 
one of the carrots.  She nibbled at the first carrot she came to.  
The carrot was relatively large and would take a lot of time to 
eat.  Tenchi came to the carrot that Ryo-oki was chewing on and 
was unable to rip it from the ground.  Sasami asked Tenchi if he 
needed any help and bent down close to him glancing at his bulge, 
trying not to let him notice.  Sasami squatted down next to Tenchi
and started to pull on the carrot.  After much effort the carrot 
was torn from the ground, carrying the little cabbitt Ryo-oki 
with it, and sent Sasami and  Tenchi flying.  Tenchi fell on his 
back and Sasami fell on top of his stomach face down.  Tenchi and 
Sasami both moaned slightly in ecstasy as Sasami's pussy was mashed 
onto Tenchi's stiff dick.  Sasami enjoyed what she was feeling and
started to move her hips up and down on Tenchi's bulge.  Tenchi was 
slightly dazed and as he came out of it he looked down to see his 
fantasies come true.  Tenchi reached down and lifted Sasami's tight  
shirt over her head and flung it aside.  Sasami was meanwhile undoing 
Tenchi's short's as well as her own.  Tenchi lay totally naked under
a half-clothed Sasami.  All Sasami was wearing was her under-garments.
Tenchi leaned forward between Sasami's young tits and undid her 
front-clasp bra with his teeth.  Tenchi  removed the bra with a 
small tug.  Tenchi's hands moved down and grabbed the crotch of Sasami's
panties.  Sasami started to get really wet now.  Tenchi slipped the 
pink frilly panties in a swift motion.  Sasami raised up to allow her
panties to come off, then she settle herself down on Tenchi's
stiff prick.  Tenchi held Sasami on the tip of his prick and told the
virgin Sasami that this would hurt a bit, Sasami didn't care much 
because she wanted Tenchi so badly.  Tenchi forced all of Sasami's 
weight down as fast as he could.  Sasami cried out in pain as her
pussy gave way to Tenchi massive prick was split open.  

	The pain quickly subsided and was soon replaced with pleasure.
Tenchi lifted Sasami until only the tip of his dick was left inside
Sasami.  Tenchi brought Sasami back down and lifted her slowly back up.
Tenchi continued this motion while lifting his hips up to meet Sasami's
downstrokes.  Sasami started to gyrate her hips from side to side,
trying to increase the friction inside her love hole.  

	Ryo-ohki was, meanwhile, still working away at the tip of the
carrot.  She had no idea of what was going on at the surface.  Ryo-ohki
felt small tremors in the ground from Tenchi's humping action, but 
thought nothing of it.  

	Back at the surface both Sasami and Tenchi were reaching their
climax.  There was much labored breathing and moaning between the
two of them.  Tenchi slowed down a bit to try and prolong the
pleasure for both of them.  Ryo-ohki heard all the screaming and 
came up to investigate.  She dug a tunnel along-side the carrot 
she was just eating and popped her little head out.  She watched
curiously as Tenchi and Sasami screamed in ecstasy as they both
climaxed.

	Both exhausted, Tenchi and Sasami decided to rest for a while.
They just lay there to catch their breath and relax their muscles.
When they were rested Tenchi made the first move by rolling over and
reaching for the carrot that Ryo-ohki was nibbling on.  Sasami looked 
up curiously and smiled at the thought of what Tenchi was about to do.
Tenchi dusted off the carrot a bit, kneeled down in front of Sasami and
stuffed the carrot up in her pussy.  Ryo-ohki gave a whelp of protest and
ran to Sasami.  She watched Sasami's pussy swallow the carrot and then 
jumped in after it.  Sasami squealed with delight.  Tenchi lifted Sasami
and crawled under her, laying her on his chest face-up.  Tenchi stuffed 
his cock up her tight, little asshole.  Ryo-ohki crawled up farther into
Sasami's pussy in an effort to retrieve the stolen carrot.  Ryo-ohki,
realizing that it would be impossible to pull the carrot out, sat and
nibbled at the carrot.  Ryo-ohki had to come up for air every once in
a while, this increased the friction in Sasami's pussy.  By this time 
Sasami was thoroughly enjoying herself.  Sasami's tight ass muscles
loosened up slightly, as Sasami began to relax.  Tenchi began to move 
up and down and lifted Sasami in an effort to get some friction on
his dick.  Tenchi slowly increased the pace at which he pounded his
meat into Sasami.  At the same time Tenchi reached around to tease 
his lovers' clit.  His other hand grabbed Sasami's tiny pink nipple
on her left side.  Sasami brought her right hand up to her breast and
ran little circles around her nipple with her index finger.  Her other
hand moved down and reached between her legs.  She continued down until
her hand met Tenchi's balls, she then gave Tenchi's balls a light squeeze.
Tenchi returned the favor by pinching Sasami's nipple and clit between
his thumb and index finger.  By this time Ryo-ohki was almost done the
carrot and tried to push the rest of the carrot out through Sasami's
vaginal opening.  This gave Sasami a jolt of pleasure and brought her
close to climax.  Sasami let Tenchi know this by tugging spasmodically on
Tenchi's balls, Tenchi began to hump faster and faster trying to bring
Sasami and himself over the verge of climax.  It worked, both of them 
moaned and shuddered as they reached their second climax at the same.
time.  Cum began to seep out of Sasami's ass, Tenchi waited until he
was limp before he withdrew from her ass.  Ryo-ohki had finally pushed
the rest of the carrot out of Sasami's pussy and began to nibble on it.
Sasami looked over to Tenchi and lovingly whispered "I LOVE You Tenchi."

End of Part 1

Stay tuned for part 2-coming soon
