	"Hi all!  It's me, Mr. Lawyer again.  I just wanted to give you my card 
and 
do the disclaimer bit."  He tells you glancing at his watch.  "Now I need to 
inform you that if you are to young to read this story then you shouldn't.  
The author is not to be held accountable for any young minds he warps."  
Under his breath.  "Or old ones at that."  Back to a more normal tone of 
voice.  "Please sign on the line."   __________________

La Blue Sammy

Episode 3

Sasami -        	There is no way I'm doing another episode of this nasty 
Fic.
Mr. Lawyer - 	I've got a contract.  (Waves it in front of her.)
Sasami -        	You said this was, a parody Fic.
Mr. Lawyer - 	It is, it is, and you should have read the contract.  (Waves 
the stack of 		papers in front of her again.)
Sasami -       	It was 200 pages long.
Mr. Lawyer - 	Stop winning and do the intro.
Sasami - 	Why the fu... (covers her mouth) this Fic is having a really bad 
influence 		on me. Why do we need an intro.  There wasn't one in the first 
two 		episodes and its really embarrassing.
Mr. Lawyer - 	The author wants one and it was in your contract... do it!
Sasami - 	*Beep*

***

Cue music with a strong beat and a female singing in an ultra high pitched 
voice.  The sequence will last for about two minutes and flash enough T and 
A to give Tenchi a nose bleed for a week.  You have to love those magical 
girl intros!

***

	"Rumiya, where did you disappear to in episode two, you didn't even get 
mentioned once!"   Ramia said tossing the script onto the floor.  "It's all 
your fault Misa lost."
	"Uh.... Sis, the author forgot about me..."  He tried to explain his head 
to the floor in the deepest bow possible.
	"That... is... no.... excuse!   You will have to be punished.  And I do 
need to work off a little steam any ways..."  She wandered over to her 
cabinet examining all the training equipment inside.  Trailing her fingers 
over the assortment of whips, chains, and even worse looking gadgets for 
just the right toy to teach her younger brother a lesson.  Her hand finally 
tighten on the well worn handle of a shock wand.  Calmly she took it out of 
its spot and flicked it on listening to the faint hum fill the room.  She 
smiled as Rumiya's body started quivering just at the sound.  *This is the 
best way to relieve stress and to think mom thought I would never learn to 
control my temper.*
	She channeled some of her rage and began training her brother as she had 
so 
many times before.  Trailing the shock wand faintly across his back, enjoyed 
the view of him trying to hold his kneeling position with out moving and 
trembling.  Certain in the knowledge that the punishment would only be 
increased if he showed any weakness.  Ramia became tired with the game 
almost immediately when he didn't play and jabbed the shock wand into the 
end of his spine watching Rumiya fall to the ground on his side, the nerve 
endings causing his body to spasm and screams tear through his throat.
	Ramia enjoyed his pain feeling a little of her stress leak out by giving 
someone else pain.  She smiled slightly enjoying for what was to her 
foreplay.  She kicked Rumiya, tossing him on to his back and grinding her 
high heel into his chest.  Listening to him gasp as the air was knocked out 
of his lungs causing him to gag.
	"Say you're sorry, brother."  She forced her heel into his stomach 
ensuring 
that he couldn't breath.  "I can't hear you.  I guess I'll just have to 
teach you a little more..."    She pushed the shock wand onto his genitals 
eliciting a high pitched scream from him.  Laughing slightly at his pain and 
feeling the last of her tension leave, replaced by sexual excitement.
	"Sis, I'm sorry."  Rumiya screeched as tears trailed out of his eyes and 
around the tattoos on his face.  He fought for breath, curling into a fetal 
position. She casually removed her skirt, exposing her pussy hidden in a 
carefully shaved mound of red fur.  With exaggerated high steps, she moved 
towards a throne-like chair in the center of the hall and sat.
	"Get up, and come over here."  Groaning slightly in either pain, 
exasperation, or a  mixture of both, Rumiya crawled over to her and looked 
up at her waiting for permission.
	"Do it."  He crawled up between her legs and smelled the pussy.  
Impatiently Ramia garbed him by the hair and forced his mouth against her 
pool of red hair.  Knowing what was required of him he inserted his tongue 
into her and began to lap up the juices that had collected, circling her 
clit and then licking the sides of her pussy in turns.  He made sure to 
prolong her pleasure for as long as possible. Breathing whenever he was 
allowed.  Finally she bucked her hips and squirted slightly, covering his 
face.  He licked it up and was allowed to pull away.
	"There will be no mistakes this time, right Rumiya?"
	"Yes Sis."

***

	Miss Mihoshi walked into her class room looking at a clip board.  "Is 
everyone here?"
	With a sigh of the wind a tumbleweed blew through the empty class room.
	The blond began to wipe away a big tear.  "But Kiyone said it was Friday!"
	Back at a certain apartment, a green haired, orange headband wearing 
teacher, sighed contentedly enjoying her first relaxing Saturday in over a 
year.  Smiling ever so slightly she calmly sipped her tea listening to the 
city.

***

	The cherry blossoms that had bloomed a month ago had fallen away leaving 
but a memory.  Timidly, Misao pushed the little button next to the door 
listening to the faint sound of chimes through the door.
	The door burst opened and Sasami bounced out of the house.  Toast in 
mouth, 
book bag under an elbow and buttoning up her blouse with both hands.  She 
finished up both the toast and the blouse at the same time.  With her now 
free hands, she garbed one of Misao's and charged down the sidewalk towards 
school.
	Once again they ran towards school following the same route of a thousand 
times before.  Milling with other students and calling out morning 
greetings.  As they entered the school gates and after them the school 
itself as the distinctive sound of the school bell announced ten minutes 
warning.  They each quickly changed shoes at the lockers and headed up to a  
noise filled homeroom.

***

	Miss Mihoshi began calling off names on her clipboard finding out who was 
present, absent, and away on extended space voyages that would be counted as 
excused absences.  She finished up after a minute and went to the 
announcements.
	"Everyone, I would like to remind you that the big gymnastics competition 
is Friday against Shinonome High."  Mihoshi told her class.  "Misao is the 
gymnastics club president...  So if its O.K. she would like to say a few 
words."
	Sasami squeezed Misao's hand as the shy girl stood up in front of the 
people, blushing a bright red.  "Uhm... I just wanted everyone to ugh.... 
show up and show your support for our team.  This is the big match and we 
can really use your support!"  She sat back down hurriedly next to Sasami.
	"You did great."  Sasami whispered into her ear.
	"Moving on.  We are going to continue our lecture on over used Anime plot 
devices."  Everyone in the class began opening a notepad and book as Ms. 
Mihoshi began her lecture.  "Today's topic is the gender switch trick.  
Major examples are Ranma1/2, Ryoko in this Fic, Maze, and the Sailor Moon 
Dubs."
	Ms. Strike looked up from her notepad in the rear of the class and grinned 
evilly.

***

	Sasami turned in time to see the last of the mats fall from where they had 
been minutes before neatly stacked against one of the walls.  Ms. Mihoshi 
dodged them right and left, somehow remaining unharmed from the disaster she 
had created.  On the other hand, Ms. Kiyone had been hit by the first mat 
and was being successfully pummeled by all of the ones that followed.  
Mihoshi, dodged to the left as the last mat missed her stepping squarely on 
Kiyone's stomach in the process.  Who gave off the most interesting groan as 
both her hands and legs went up into the air.
	"Kiyone, are you all right?"  Mihoshi asked the fallen teacher, still 
standing on her friend.
	"Get off ME!"  She yelled as Sasami and the rest of the student rushed 
over 
to the commotion forming a half circle around the two teachers.  Somehow in 
every practice, Mihoshi would mess up or destroy something as she waited for 
Kiyone to get done with work so that they could go home together to the 
apartment that they shared.  It had become almost a daily ritual that broke 
the daily routine of practice.
	Staring stupidly down at Kiyone, Mihoshi finally removed her foot stepping 
backwards and catching her heel on one of the fallen practice mats.  She 
fell backwards onto her rear, much to the amusement of the students.  Now 
able to stand up with the removal of the dead weight Kiyone glared down at 
the dazed woman.  The veins on her head stuck out as she clenched her fist.  
"Mi... HO... SHI!!!"
	"Kiyone, I'm so sorry..."
	"Just go home, NOW!"  She waved her fist at Mihoshi trying to refrain from 
attacking her room mate in front of the students.
	"But don't you..."
	"NOW!"  Waves of red light began to radiate from Kiyone's body.  As she 
bent her head forward until her eyes were hidden in darkness cast by her 
hair, and yet glowing a deep red.
	"Sure Kiyone, no need to get angry."   Mihoshi stood up and backed away 
from the other teacher walking through the crowd of students and then 
dashing off towards one of the exits.

***

	"Okay, everyone that's it for today."  Miss Kiyone yelled at her class 
clapping her hands.  "Gather around.  You gals have done a great job, and 
are ready to win the district competition and beat Shinonome High.  I'm 
confident that you will all do your best."  She trapped each girl with a 
stare.  "I want you all to take tomorrow off, so your in best form for 
Friday."
	"Now lets give a loud cheer."  She said putting her hand in the center of 
the circle of students an action that was followed by the as the rest of the 
girls.  Then with a shout they through their hands up into the air and 
walked off towards the showers.
	Sasami wandered away from them going to help Misao out with the equipment, 
helping to return machinery to its correct place.  She stretched as she 
worked, trying to keep from stiffening up in her sweat drenched leotard.
	Sighing, Miss Kiyone left for home with her bag, changed out of the daily 
gym teachers outfit, of sweats, into a skirt and blouse, still wearing the 
trademark headband.   She headed for home and her roommate looking like she 
was going to her own funeral, muttering "Why me..."
	Sasami and Misao shared a knowing smile at their teachers antics as they 
stacked up the mats that Miss Mihoshi had knocked down and finished cleaning 
up the gym.  Then sharing another knowing smile they headed off to take a 
shower together.

***

	Sighing again and feeling like she should bash her head into a wall, 
Kiyone 
walked back into the gym in search of her subway pass.  Knowing her she had 
left it in her sweats.  *Looks like Misao and Sasami have finished up 
already.*  She thought as she gazed at the now clean and empty gym heading 
towards the home team locker rooms.
	The door opened releasing out hot steam and the sound of a number of 
showers running.  Kiyone walked into the room watching her step on the 
cement floor exasperated that one of the students had left the showers on 
again, and without much thought, turned the ceramic covered corner.  Peering 
into the shower she saw Sasami and Misao engaged with each other.  Her faced 
flushed to a bright red Kiyone turned back around the corner leaning her 
back against the cold ceramic.  *I didn't see that, there was nothing 
there...  NO!  I did see something... what did I see?*  Cautiously she 
peeked her head around the corner again to see Misao and Sasami in the 
classic sixty-nine position, with Sasami doing the honors on top.  Both of 
the girls were completely absorbed with each other as they sat in the 
steaming water.
	Once again Kiyone pulled her head back behind the wall trying to think of 
what to do.  Something moved out of the corner of her left eye and she 
smelled the slight scent of strawberry.  Turning her head rapidly to see 
nothing there.  *Must just be a trick of the light.*
	Kiyone sighed again, she should go in there and stop them, but the scandal 
of something like that happening right before the big tournament would mean 
that she would lose both her best athlete, her club president, and her 
chance of showing up that fool Kanzaki.  The best thing was to have just 
seen nothing.  Kiyone sighed again with out realizing it, it had been so 
long since she had been out on a date that had gone somewhere.  Somehow 
Mihoshi always appeared and ruined it for her before it got good, like it 
was practically instinctual for that blond twit to ruin her life.  Kiyone 
forced her hand out of the fist it had clamped into.  The idea that had 
popped into her head was insane, and would get her teaching license revoked 
faster then Fujisawa had lost his, but it would remove some if not all of 
her stress and add a huge new type.  Some part of her yelled, but was 
quickly squished by the side that wanted to break the rules for once.  
Nervously she took off her skirt and blouse and grabbing a towel that had 
been hanging in her office walking nude into the shower.
	Sasami and Misao had changed positions while Kiyone had been wrestling 
with 
her conscious.  Sasami had her back against a wall eyes closed in 
concentration under a rainfall of shower as Misao kissed her, hands roaming.
	Kiyone cleared her throat and watched the two students in amusement as 
they 
jumped away from each other, both blushing a deep red.  She looked at both 
of her students trying to force them into saying something first and maybe 
stopping her fool hardy plan.  Instead they both hung their heads in shame.
	"What do you think you two are doing?"
	"We're real sorry miss."  Sasami looked up at her slightly expecting some 
sort of out burst.  Instead Kiyone smiled a different smile then one Sasami 
had ever seen before, her eyes looking just a bit glazed over.
	"Do you to have any idea, what kind of trouble you are in."
	"Miss?"  Sasami asked looking uncertainly at Kiyone's smile.  Something 
was 
definitely wrong, she should have blown a gasket by now screaming or at 
least lecturing them.
	"I could be convinced to forget what I saw though if I could join in."
	"Sasami?"  Misao whispered as her friends jaw dropped.
	*What is up with my life!  Now Miss. Kiyone wants to...*  Carefully she 
put 
her jaw back into its proper place.  "Sure... I guess, Miss... if you won't 
tell anyone."   Sasami rubbed her head, the excitement that had been 
building in the last five minutes of play disappearing in a few seconds of 
fright and the thought of being caught.
	Tossing her towel over a nearby bench Kiyone wandered in amongst the two 
girls.  Taking the lead, as Sasami stared at her in amazement.  The teacher 
pulled the other two girls to her and hugged each in turn rubbing her body 
against them.  *This is just plain weird.*  Sasami returned the embrace 
mentally shrugging.
	Ms. Kiyone's hands trailed down the two girls sides memorizing the 
contours 
of their skin.  Before laying down in the steam covered floor carrying them 
with her.  Misao taking up the position between Kiyone's leg and Sasami 
sitting on her head attempting one of the other classic sexual positions.  
The teacher felt like her skin was on fire, something wasn't right with her 
mental processes, but she didn't care.  She just rode the pleasure that 
Misao was creating and tried to return the favor to Sasami.  The pleasure 
finally reached a sharp peak giving Kiyone a nice orgasm that pushed her 
further off the ground burrowing her mouth into Sasami's clit.  The sudden 
intrusion forced Sasami to a small orgasm as well.  Both girl and woman 
thankfully moved and went to work on Misao until she came as well.
	"This never happened, right?"  Kiyone told the two girls afterwards 
looking 
bewildered.
	"Okay...."  They both said in unison and shrugged when her back was turned 
sharing a confused smile.

***

	Something was following her, Sasami could feel it.  She could almost see 
it 
out of the corners of her eyes when she turned her head around fast enough.  
A dark blur that always seemed to be able to hide behind or disappear into 
the shadow it had been hiding in.  Instead of heading home and encountering 
another nightmare in her house Sasami changed directions and headed towards 
Abcb again.  Making her way to a known safe and popular haven.  Her little 
shadow following her the whole way.
	Breathing a sigh of relief Sasami took a table where she could stare out 
the window.  Searching the street for any sign of her follower.  She 
remained focused on the task to the absence of all others until Madoka 
tapped her on the shoulder.  Sasami jumped and whirled around looking up at 
her classmate who was staring at Sasami with an inquisitive look and holding 
a small note pad.
	"Sasami, are you all right?"  She gazed with huge eyes at Sasami.
	"Uh, I think I'm being followed."  Sasami went back to starting out the 
window.
	"Followed?"  Tenchi asked from the bar.  Sasami's heart skipped a beat how 
could she have missed him sitting right there?  "By who?"
	"I don't know..."  She paused as Tenchi got up and walked over to the 
windows staring out them with her.
	"I don't see anyone..."  He said turning back from the windows.
	Madoka, made a little hmm sound.  "Sasami are you still shaken up over 
what 
happened at the festival?"
	Sasami shuddered at the thought.  "No, I'm fine."
	Madoka passed a look over Sasami's head to Tenchi, nodding her head at 
Sasami and then glaring at him.
	"Sasami, how about I walk you home?"  Tenchi asked noting Madoka's hint.
	"Really?"  She turned forgetting everything for a moment at the thought 
that one of her greatest fantasy's would be played out.  To even think that 
she would walk home with Tenchi in real life was impossible.
	He scratched his head embarrassed at her reaction.  "Sure, it would be no 
problem."
	"Thanks, Tenchi."  Sasami almost jumped in joy and physically restrained 
herself from glomping him at the thought of her prince being so noble as to 
defend her from the person who was following her.
	"Why don't you go take her home, and then meet me later at the theater, 
Tenchi."  Madoka suggested as Sasami stood up from the seat that she had 
taken just a second ago.   Tenchi gave her a slight nod and then escorted 
Sasami out of the cafe.
	Together the two students walked out of Abcb and headed towards the Kawaii 
residence.  Without much prompting Tenchi had taken up the role as the body 
guard of the beautiful maiden or at least as Sasami kept imagining it.
	Tenchi on the other hand seemed to be in a hurry, constantly glancing at 
his watch and taking long strides that forced Sasami to a jog just to keep 
up with him.  He had scanned the area for a few minutes to see if anyone was 
following them, but soon after that had given up when nothing presented 
itself.  Chalking the entire incident up to a little post traumatic stress 
syndrome.  He also had to hurry if he was going to catch the start of the 
movie.
	Two blocks later they turned the corner that led to the Kawaii residence.  
Sasami slowed down nervously as she began checking all of the over hanging 
trees before walking underneath them.  As if afraid something would jump at 
her from above.
	The doors on a parked car suddenly opened revealing a twenty year old man 
dressed in an informal business suit and carrying a camera bag.
	"Are you Miss Sasami Kawaii?  Hi, I'm Tyrus Daventry with the weekly 
inquirer.  I was wondering if I could have a few minutes of your time?"
	"Your the guy who keeps bugging all the victims of the festival, aren't 
you?"  Tenchi asked cracking his knuckles.
	"I have been interviewing the victims to try to find out when the next 
battle will be.  You see these kind of things usually are repeated.  Two or 
three times in an OAV series or up to 24 to 26 times in a TV series and 
that's if it doesn't go to a second season.  That whole sailor moon thing 
had over a hundred confirmed magical girl sightings and this is looking to 
be much worse."
	"Whatever, a few of the people you interviewed were friends of mine."  
Tenchi changed his stance and put a foot up into Tyrus' balls followed by a 
right uppercut to the chin, sending the reporter onto his ass as he gazed 
dazedly up at Tenchi and Sasami.
	"Next time it will be the entire kendo club."  Tenchi said massaging his 
knuckles.  "Leave the victims alone."
	Her prince had defended her from the evil villain/reporter.  Sasami 
stopped 
herself from hugging him but couldn't keep the smile from her face.
	"Thank you, Tenchi."
	"No problem."  He stepped over the downed reporter and escorted Sasami the 
rest of the way to her house.  Once he was sure that she was safely inside, 
he waved off offers to come in for some snacks, and left after the door was 
locked.
	Kicking off her shoes and then sighing, Sasami bent down and carefully put 
the shoes in their place.  Then slid on a pair of bunny slippers and went 
looking for a snack in the kitchen humming a little romantic song she had 
heard earlier today that seemed to fit the mood perfectly.
	Humming about love and life, and singing the chorus to the song, Sasami 
entered the dark kitchen that faced east, not catching any of the light from 
the setting sun.  With an instinctual flick of her wrist she flipped the 
switch trying to turn on the overhead florescent lights.  The lights didn't 
even give their annoying flicker and pop, just stayed dark.  Sasami flicked 
the switch a few extra times staring at it.  The hair on the back of her 
neck started to rise as she looked up to see that the light bulb had been 
removed.
	*Stay calm, Sis must have taken it out earlier.*  She tried to tell 
herself 
and failed to be convinced.  *I think that I'll go over to Misao's.*  She 
turned on her heel and ran into someone who was standing directly behind 
her.  Sasami gave a start and jumped back into the darkness feeling her way 
through the kitchen. Trying to see gray out of blackness.  Something moved 
to her right, a flash of shadows that moved within the counter chairs.  
Something hard touched Sasami on her back and she stifled a scream as she 
realized that the hardness was the rear counter.  Reaching her hand into a 
drawer she frantically searched until her hand rested on the reassuring 
plastic handle of a large knife.  A pot or can skittered across the floor 
breaking the silence.  Sasami tracked where it would have been with her eyes 
trying to figure out where the person was.
	A new smell, slight like strawberry.  She sniffed at it again, it wasn't 
unpleasant and seemed to linger  Sasami held the knife out in front of her 
like a talisman.  Mentally preparing herself she crouched down on the ground 
readying herself the knife in her left hand.  She wasn't scared now, or 
angry, or any emotion besides determined to escape.  Someone tripped to her 
left and she leapt forwards towards the only exit.  Trying to remember where 
everything should be.  An object caught her foot and she fell hard the knife 
skittered out into parts unknown.
	"Miya!"  Something yelled and landed on top of her.
	Without any fear Sasami bucket the thing off of her and scrambled across 
the room.  She knew now that whatever it was, it was toying with her playing 
a game of its own making.  A sigh of relief escaped her lips as she reached 
the dimness of gray leading out of the kitchen just long enough to realize 
that she was now outlined in the light and an easy target.
	The thing impacted into her again, sending them both into the blinding 
light and toppling her onto the ground, pinning her to the floor.  "Miya," 
the thing shouted again in triumph.  Sasami tried to shake free but a hand 
wrapped around her throat.  *Not again!*   Frantically she stood up still 
feeling his hands clamped to her neck holding on for support.
	"It's you, you little weirdo.  Get off me!"  Sasami tried to push the 
ninja 
thing off her back.
	"Me train you, while Washu away.  You not very good."  Sasami rolled to 
her 
left positioning the ninja under her and then lashed out with an elbow that 
he dodged.
	"You no feel like sex?"
	"What are you crazy?"  She pushed herself up half way off the ground and 
then slammed herself back using the robed figure as a cushion.   He let out 
a groan and finally released his hold on Sasami.
	Free at last Sasami skittered away from him until her back rested against 
a 
wall.
	"I no understand, this aphrodisiac work on teacher lady.  Miya."  He said 
holding up a perfume bottle and spraying a couple of squirts at Sasami.
	"What!  You made Ms.  Kiyone do that?"
	"It good training for you.  If you just fuck that one girl you not get 
creative you no learn.  You want to fuck now?"
	"No!"  Sasami finally got to her feet and strode across the hall grabbing 
the little perfume bottle and read the side.
	"Washu's amazing lust enhancer.  Guaranteed to let you go all the way as 
long as they are in the least attracted to you.  Active ingredients: Kiwi 
pulp, Mitsuki's tea, hair of Cabbit, worm entrails, and Camilla tree bark.  
Caution do not use on people with a heart condition or in a crowded room."
	"Didn't you read this?"
	"Me no read English."
	"It's in Japanese."
	"You sure?"
	"Well that comes down to the whole dub vs. sub issue and lets not go 
there."
	"Miya!"
	*Mental note: make sure to re-dub all the cat sounds*  Sasami thought.

***

	"Welcome once again to the Regional Gymnastics Competition.  Held this 
year 
at Naginata High.  I'm your announcer Mr. Twice and I will be happy to let 
you folks at home watching this event on public access channel 8 know the 
whole low down as this most heated rivalry begins between these two school 
the great and proud Naginata and Shinome High School.  The girls are just 
now coming out of the locker rooms led by their very talented teachers both 
of which were at one point on the Japanese Olympics Team.  There is Miss 
Kiyone sporting her trade mark head band, and the winner of a bronze Olympic 
medal in the uneven bars.  And from Shinome high we have Akari Kanzaki with 
her long brown locks done up in yellow bows.  Miss Kanzaki has a silver 
medal in the balance beam.  If the coaches give us any indication this is 
going to be one good match.  Mr.. Daventry is on the ground talking already 
to the contestants...

***

	"Hi and welcome.  I'm talking to Miss Sasami Kawaii the main hope for 
Naginata High..  Miss Kawaii how do you feel about your chances today?"   
The reporter sporting a small black eye pushed the microphone towards 
Sasami.
	"Don't I know you from some where?"  She asked.
	"Kawaii get over here!"  Kiyone yelled sending Sasami towards the pack of 
girls the reporter shrugged to the camera and turned the broadcast back to 
Mr. Twice.

***

	Walking into the auditorium, Aeka was amazed at just how many people had 
come to attend a high school sporting event on their Saturday wondering 
where she would sit in the packed bleachers.
	"Mrs. Kawaii!"  Someone yelled grabbing her attention.  "Sasami asked me 
to 
save you a seat."  A young girl, Aeka recalled vaguely as being in the same 
class as Sasami told her pointing to an empty seat she was sitting next to.
	"Thanks... and you are?"  Aeka said sitting down.
	"Daisy Strike, but just call me Strikes everyone else does," she told Aeka 
gathering up a pen and paper and began to scribble something down.
	"Uh, Ms. Strikes, what are you writing?"
	"Oh, I'm the one covering this event for the school newspaper, this is 
after all the biggest sporting event this year.  If we win our team will go 
All Japan."
	"I didn't realize that it was this important."
	"Yep, and your sister is the best hope for our team."  The crowd suddenly 
quieted as the two rival teachers approached each other on the center of the 
basketball court.
	"Rumor has it that those two have hated each other since Jr. High and 
there 
fierce competition is what led them all the way to the Olympics."  Ms. 
Strike whispered to Aeka never pausing in her scribbling on the pad.
	The two teachers stared at each other for a second, then shook hands in 
what was a contest of pain before they disengaged their holds, turning their 
backs on each other and marched back to the students.  A horn sounded and 
the audience cheered as the games began.
	"So just one more question why are you sitting so close to the doors?"
	Ms. Strike stopped writing for a second.  "Hell if I'm going to be..."  
She 
waved her pen at Aeka.  "Now, now you don't want to ruin what little plot 
there is..."

***

	"So far its been an even match with both sides staying neck and neck in 
the 
scoring what an exciting match.  Next up Ms. Kawaii who has already won 
three events today will she add the uneven bars as her fourth and final 
first place..."

***

	"Sasami have you seen Misao around?"  Miss Kiyone asked her as she 
prepared 
for the uneven bars, waving to Aeka and Ms. Strike.  Today was her day she 
was in the groove.  It was nice to have both Aeka and Misao, the two people 
she loved the most here to see it.
	"She had to use the bathroom."  Sasami called over her shoulder leaving 
Ms. 
Kiyone behind on the mat glaring at Miss Kanzaki and giving her a hidden 
finger gesture.

***

	"Hello, you've reached Ramia's phone... I'm not in at the moment but if 
you 
will leave a message after the beep I'll be sure to get back to you.  Bye."
	"Sis, I'm changing Misao now, this is just to remind you that I got 
mentioned in this chapter.  O.K.."  With that Rumiya closed the little flip 
phone and looked deep into Misao's trance filled eyes.
	*You know in this state I bet that she would do anything... Sis would kill 
me, maybe after she's defeated Sammy.*
	"You are feeling very...very... sleepy..."

***

	"Ryoko, hurry up.  Sasami's about ready to start on the uneven bars."  
Tsunami yelled, snuggling even deeper into the couch as she watched her 
daughter begin her routine on cable channel 8.
	Hurrying, Ryoko passed the bowl of popcorn to her lover and pushed herself 
onto the couch with Tsunami happy to see their little girl doing so well 
today.  The Shinma blood she had inherited obviously allowing her to achieve 
the amazing feats of skill today.

***

	Reaching out, Sasami caught the top bar spinning around it in a full 
circle 
not losing her momentum and feeling her sore muscles protest in their usage. 
  She had pushed herself beyond anything she had ever tried before feeling 
such happiness with Aeka and Misao watching her.
	She released her hold on the upper bar and pushed off towards the lower 
bar 
as she did a splits both toes pointing a hundred and eighty degrees away 
from each other.  Her hand touched something that wasn't bar on the lower 
beam.  Her concentration shattered as she went flying into the lower bar and 
the fell down onto the mats.
	The audience paused at such a spectacular wipe out of the star athlete 
before Ms. Kiyone began to run out onto the mat.  Tripping over nothing on 
the way to Sasami much to the amusement of the crowd.  Especially Ms. 
Kanzaki who burst out laughing.  Her victory assured now that Sasami was 
done almost assured.
	Behind Kiyone the air began to warp and shift as a blond hair teenager 
dressed in black leather and holding a matching whip with an odd feather 
arrangement appeared rubbing her face where a large shoe imprint was 
embedded.
	"Owwwwwww...."
	"OH MY GOD IT'S SLUTTY MISA, RUN FOR IT!"  Some one in the audience yelled 
as the whole Naginata High audience charged the doors leaving the Shinonome 
High crowd with a blank expression on their faces.
	Misa wobbly regained her feet and waved her whip barring all of the doors 
in the large gymnasium.
	"That really hurt, it was bad enough when that girl pushed me off the beam 
but you had to kick me afterwards.  CALLING SHINMA!"  A blast of power shot 
out of her wand and into Kiyone.
	"Today's Love You Long Time Shinma is a variation of the sea monster and 
is 
brought to you by Slutty Misa."  The announcer said not missing a stride as 
the contest went from one to another.
	"Mistress what are your wishes?"  The finned green monster with a human 
torso and an oddly familiar face especially after you reached the turquoise 
locks and orange head band holding them in place.
	"What do you think they are idiot, find La Blue Sammy or turn everyone 
into 
your slaves.  Either way we win."
	"Excuse me, Ms. Misa can I get an interview for your fan club?"  Mr. 
Daventry  asked leading a camera crew that had been filming the event only 
moments before.
	"I have a fan club?  Of course I have a fan club!"  A talk show set 
appeared in the center of the gymnasium rising out of the ground as the 
balance beams and one dazed student descended into unknown oblivion
	"So Ms. Misa, why do you want to find this horrible little La Blue Sammy?"  
Mr. Daventry asked signaling the camera in for a close up.
	"To recover the talisman, a baton about this long?"  She held her hands 
two 
feet apart.
	"And what will you do when you get the baton?"  He asked pretending to be 
dead serious as he hoped that the magical girl would arrive soon.  So far 
her punctuality at these types of events was terrible.
	"I'll give it to mistress Ramia so that she can take over the world using 
the evil power of the Shinma and I think so that she can stop being a 
virgin."

***

	"Oh, that is two funny.  A three hundred year old virgin."  Ryoko couldn't 
help herself she rolled off the couch and on to the floor laughing 
hysterically while leaving Tsunami looking just a tad perplexed.
	"I wonder where Sasami went to..."

***

	Sasami was confused.  She had been doing her routine on the uneven bars 
when something had got into her way.  She had crashed into one of the bars 
hard and then the ground a second later, leaving her dazed and a little out 
of it face down in a blue mat.
	She finally gathered enough energy to flip over only to stare at the 
uneven 
bars and a ceiling full of pipes above them.  At this point in the weirdness 
one of her supposed relatives would show up and either scare the living crap 
out of her or attempt to rape her.  So she calmly waited for the next 
disaster too exhausted and in pain to try to think up a better plan.
	It was quiet here and kind of relaxing the blue safety mats made a nice 
bed 
and the hmm of some unidentifiable machine was lulling her to sleep.  
Something called her name for a second a faint whisper of the breeze.  No it 
wasn't her name it was "Sammy."
	She turned her head to look in the direction that the sound was coming 
from 
only to see a dark stairwell leading up to parts unknown.
	"Sammy..." that time she was sure she heard it.  Using a large amount of 
her remaining strength she stood up swaying dizzily.  Her leotard had 
bunched up in an uncomfortable plane and she rearranged the material back to 
the comfortable smooth position it was supposed to be in.
	With a hand on the guard rail to help her balance, Sasami slowly climbed 
the stairs carefully trying not to trip in the darkness.  She felt better 
now that she was moving.  Her joints were sore, but the dizziness had passed 
and she felt slightly thirsty which by her way of thinking was a definite 
improvement.
	The stairs led to an unmarked door.  That had been locked from her side.  
Slowly she opened it and stuck her head out into the deserted hallway of the 
gym displaying numerous awards and banners.
	The hallway was eerily empty.  *Where is everyone did I mss the rest of 
the 
competition?*  Ran through Sasami's mind as she walked down the hall 
listening to her own foot steps.  She finally arrived at the two sets of 
double doors that led into the main area of the gym main.  Someone was in 
there she could see them through the small slits in the door filled with 
safety glass.  Everyone was still there she could see the crowds.  *It must 
be the awards ceremony.*  That would explain why everyone was so quiet.  She 
had to change doors to see into the center of the gym only to hide behind 
the unreasoning bulk of the door again.  *No!  No, no, no, no, NO!*  
Carefully she peaked her head back up and looked around.  There was no 
mistaking it.  Slutty Misa was being interview by that reporter Tenchi had 
beat up and Ms. Kiyone had grown ten feet tall, a tail, and was levitating 
off the ground.
	"Sammy... Call me."
	"Who's there?"  She looked down the empty halls in search of the voice 
that 
was haunting her.
	"Sammy... call....me."  The voice whispered again a tantalizing breeze in 
the too quiet gym hall.
	"Who's there?  Answer me!"  She yelled frustrated almost at the point of 
tears.  Afraid that her last hold on sanity had finally been unhinged.
	"Sammy... yell... appear... and I will come..."  The voice whispered too 
near.
	*Maybe this is the insanity... the relative that will show up.*  With out 
a 
better plan she yelled, "appear!"  The air in front of her rippled revealing 
a floating baton.  Quickly Sasami backed away from the hated wooden baton.
	"Sammy it is so nice to be able to talk to you my great-grand daughter.  
Before you couldn't hear me and then with all the excitement after you 
bonded well I was just basking in the sexual glow but now that we get to 
fight together again... and well you were a little confused about what to 
do... so I thought I would help you out... and have some fun and hopefully 
some more sex."  The thing seemed to bob as it spoke following her as she 
tried to escape from the artifact.
	Someone behind her in the main auditorium screamed.
	"Well, don't you think its about time we went and had some fun, Sammy?"
	"I guess..."
	"Well then grab me up and call out Sexual Magic Change."  Not wanting too 
she grabbed the Baton and sighed.
	"Sexual Magic Change!"  Pink light engulfed Sasami as she changed into La 
Blue Sammy.  Her clothing tore off her body engulfed in new dark blue cloth. 
  Sasami felt her hair lengthen a new weight on her back as it darkened.  A 
ribbon of bright red appeared looking awkwardly out of place on her rear.
	"This is going to be so much fun."  The baton whispered to her.

***

	Mr. Daventry tried to think of another question.  For the past half hour 
he 
had come up with a series of questions that would have impressed the most 
seasoned reporter or lawyer as he stalled this woman, hoping that Sammy 
would appear.
	"And what would you say your best feature is?"
	"The sun might forgive your villainous ways, but I shall never forgive 
you!"  Sasami yelled from door way waving her Baton.
	"Can't you once make a good entrance!"  Slutty Misa yelled at her.  "You 
have no originality!  Anyway,  Fishy Shinma attack Sasami!"
	"The monster launches off with the normal multi tentacle attack.  La Blue 
Sammy counters with her baton knocking the foul tentacles away.  What a 
great competition!"  The announcer told the audience over the P.A. as the 
crowd began to once more run for the door that Sasami had just arrived from.
	"Oh no you're not getting away!"  The door behind Sammy swung shut 
narrowing her maneuvering room as she tried to dodge the tentacles, leaving 
the mob in confusion as those in the rear pressed the forward parts of the 
crowd toward the now closed doors.  Sasami was suddenly stuck in a crowd of 
students and unable to avoid the attacks of the monster.
	"Apparently Sammy's brief battle is over as the monster enwraps her with 
its tentacles and draws her towards its self."

***

	"Ugly fish thing?  Is it just me or do these announcers sound even 
stupider 
then last year."
	"Shhh... Ryoko...  Sasami is fighting the monster."
	"Looks more like she's losing..."
	"It's a formula plot."  Tsunami told her lover.  "Sasami always has to 
lose 
for a while, get raped, then be rescued.  Didn't you figure that out after 
the second episode?"
	Sweatdropping... "Ugh... yah sure I did..."

***

	It was definitely time to remover herself from here.  For some reason he 
had thought that the Magical Girl La Blue Sammy would rescue him and he 
wouldn't have to show one of his cards but no such luck.  Rifling through 
his camera bag Daventry pulled out a small gas grenade and tossed it at the 
monster that was molesting Sammy as he ran for the door.  The room filled 
with smoke as he charged through the crowd knocking people right and left 
out of his way.
	"The room just suddenly filled with smoke.  So its a little hard to see 
what's going on..."
	Daventry wished someone would shoot that stupid announcer as he finally 
neared the door only to run into a short girl carrying a pad.  Another older 
woman with purple hair stood behind the short girl.
	"Well what are you waiting for open the doors," the school girl told him, 
adjusting her glasses with a hand holding a pen for a second then continuing 
to write on her pad.
	"Ugh... yah sure..."  He said uncertainly pulling an acetylene torch out 
of 
his camera bag.  As fast as possible he cut the hinges off the door and 
allowed the doors to fall outward realizing a stream of students.
	"Thanks."  The girl told him escorting out the older girl amongst the 
smoke 
that followed them out.  Starting to clear the smog from the gym now that it 
had some ventilation.

***

	Sasami dodged to the left knocking away another tentacle as she tried to 
fight through the crowd towards the monster.  Something grabbed her from 
behind and lifted her up above the students, carrying her towards the center 
of the room.  She shifted slightly to see the tentacle that held her banging 
at it fruitlessly with her baton.
	"Apparently Sammy's brief battle is over as the monster wraps her with its 
tentacles and draws her towards the ugly fish thing."
	*I really wish someone would shoot that guy.*   Sasami thought as she 
whapped a tentacle with all her strength to no effect.  The room started to 
fill with smoke and screams.  Taking what little advantage she had Sammy bit 
the tentacle and was dropped rudely to the floor only to be trampled by a 
number of fleeing students.  *This just isn't my day.*

***

	*Ok, now I'm confused.*  Misa scratched her head with the whip handle as 
she squinted into the smoke.   This has been going to plan Sammy was here 
with the Baton all she had to do was go to the monster attack scene and even 
had that been going well except for that annoying announcer then someone had 
tossed a smoke bomb at her.  Now she didn't know what was going on.
	The smoke started to clear leaving her in a virtually empty room.  Besides 
a number of people trampled on the floor and the camera crew the rest of the 
spectators had fled out a broken down door.  *Well that takes half the fun 
out of it...  and where did Sammy go?  If she's trying another pose 
somewhere, I'm going to be pissed.*  Something moved amongst the run over 
students dressed in dark blue leather.  *I should have known.*  Without 
saying a word she pointed at the figure with her whip.  The monster taking 
the clue once again grabbed up Sasami this time staying far away from her 
mouth.

***

	Swaying slightly Sasami stood trying to figure out what had just hit her.  
She looked down to see what her hand was clenching so tightly to see the 
accursed Baton.   *This doesn't bode well.*  Something grabbed her from 
behind.  *I thought so.*  Sasami screamed as she tried to escape the 
tentacle again to no avail.
	"It would appear that during the smoke Sammy had escaped some how but has 
been unfortunately recaptured by the tentacle and is being presented to 
Slutty Misa."
	*Why me?*
	"So Sammy, it appears that this game is at an end."  The blond girl told 
her.
	"And you talk about my dialog?  What are you a Bond girl now?  Animeworks 
did the dubbing for this series I just know it."
	"Well thanks for blowing my great diabolical speech.  Now I guess we'll 
just get on with the torture scene."  She told Sammy walking up to her and 
grabbing the Baton out of Sammy's hand.  "Do it."
	"The evil monster wraps Sasami with its tentacles apparently fondling her 
breasts."
	"O.K., that does it!"  Misa yelled at the announcer cracking her whip and 
then extending it until it reached around the neck of the announcer, 
snapping it into pieces.
	"Thank you!"  Sasami told the villain.
	"My pleasure.  Now get on with it!"
	Sammy felt something rip off her clothes as one of the tentacles wrapped 
around her eyes.  Something else prodded her pussy and another in at her ass 
before they both impaled her.  She felt her eyes widen at the intrusion 
behind the blind fold of a tentacle.  The two intruders began to pump into 
her each one giving off a lubricating slime coated in a aphrodisiac.  The 
immediate pain began to the change to the glowing pleasure she remembered 
from before.  Sasami struggled desperately to free herself from the 
tentacles before that pleasure gave way to the mind numbing acceptance of 
before.  The evil creature only seemed to enjoy her struggling even more for 
it increased its tempo of pounding her pussy.  Sasami screamed again as her 
body twitched and came.  She began to give up and just lay still enjoying 
the moment.  The monster sensed the change in her and inserted one more of 
its tentacles into her mouth filling her completely.  It changed its rhythm 
to a slower pace as its tentacles filled with a different type of goo 
shooting the nasty liquid into Sasami as liquid trickled out of her cunt and 
ass.  Without any room to shed the liquid in her mouth she convulsively 
swallowed the foul stuff.
	"Sammy, are you done having fun now...  Can I play too..."  Something said 
in her dazed mind.  Sasami tried to focus on the words but too much was 
numbing her mind.  "SAMMY!  I WANT TO PLAY TOO... Call me!"
	Sasami's eyes reopened from surprise as her mind forced itself to action.  
She mumbled, "appear" around the foul tentacle.  Her body filled with power 
and light blasting apart the tentacles trapping her.  Something filled her 
hand and without looking she knew the familiar wooden contours.
	Misa stared at her empty hand for a second and then turned around to look 
at Sammy before running for it.  "Bye, Bye Monchare."  She yelled leaping 
through a window as La Blue Sammy powered up her Baton.
	"Sex Bomb Attack!"  The  Baton released a huge cleansing pink light 
engulfing the fishy Shinma and revealing an unconscious Kiyone.

***

	"Yea Sasami won!"  Ryoko yelled spilling her popcorn everywhere.
	"Of course she did that's my little girl and I'm her mom."  Tsunami said 
proudly.
	"Lets not start that one again."
	"You feel like sex then?"
	"Always..."

***
	"You did a good job there Daventry, might make you a regular in the 
series."  Daisy told the man never bothering to stop scribbling on her pad.
	"Ugh, sure."
	"Excuse, me but why did you have all that stuff in your bag?"  Aeka asked 
the man.
	He flashed her a badge.  "I'm with the Magical Girl Department of the 
International Mecha and Alien Control Office.  We come prepared!"
	"Huh?"

***

	"Sis, yah its me...  yah she lost... I just wanted to make sure that I got 
mentioned one more time in the episode.  I'll be back in a few hours..."  He 
cringes...  "Yes Sis... I guess you need to work off the steam.  Bye."

***

	Meanwhile somewhere on a MSTers couch.
	"Hey bob you do realize that they changed scenes in the battle sequence.  
So wouldn't that mean that Sasami would lose her magical transformation..."
	"Don't think to much about that..."

***

Send all complaints to STRIKESTWICE@hotmail.com and all flames to 
BSadress@nowhere.com.

Omake... Omake...

Announcer - "Today on the Tyrus Daventry show the topic is secret 
confessions."
Audience - Applauds and cheers.
Announcer - "And now your host Tyrus Daventry!"
Daventry - "Hallo, Hallo!  Today we have a great show lined up for you.  Our 
first guest says she has a secret she wants to hell her lover."
Audience - "ooohhh...."

Misao timidly walks onto the stage to much oohing and aahing from the 
audience and takes the far right chair.
Daventry - "Misao now how old are you?"
Misao - Softly "Sixteen."
Daventry - "Your only sixteen, and you have a secret you want to tell your 
lover is that right?"
Misao - Softly "Yes."
Daventry - "And what is that?"
Misao - Very softly.  "I cheated."
Audience - "ooohhhh...."
Daventry - "And now lets bring out Misao's lover."

Sasami is pushed through the curtain rubbing a large lump on her head.

Sasami - "What hit me?  And where am I now?"

Sasami begins looking around worriedly for a pink haired kid and a micro 
ninja then sighs thankfully.

Audience - "Booo!" 
Daventry - "If you would take a seat right here next to 
Misao, please."
Sasami - "Misao, why are you here?"
Daventry - "She has a secret she wants to tell you."
Sasami - "Hey, I know you're, your that reporter Tenchi beat up."
Daventry - Coughing "Uh moving on Misao would you tell Sasami your secret?"
Misao - Whispering "I cheated on you."
Sasami - "Huh?"
Crowd - "OOOHHH!"
Misao - "I've found a better mistress then you."
Sasami - O.O
Misao - "And she doesn't hesitate to train me right."
Sasami - "Huh?"
Daventry - "We'll be back after these messages."

Screen changes to one stating a phone number."

Announcer - "Did your significant other leave you because they felt that 
your ambition to conquer the world was getting in the way.  Then call 
1-800-DAV-T-MAN and tell us your story."

Commercial
Announcer - "Are you a victim of the cursed springs?  Right now a class 
action lawsuit has been set against the Jusenko Guide.  Please call to see 
if you are able to receive compensation for your injuries.
End Commercial

Announcer - "On the next Tyrus Daventry show.  This man" Picture of Ranma, 
"is engaged to this woman,"  picture of Akane malleting Ranma, "and this 
woman. "Picture of Shampoo hanging on Ramna.  "and this woman."  Picture of 
Ukyo hugging, then blushing and punching Ranma.  "See it on the next Tyrus 
Daventry show."

Daventry - "And we're back, our next guest is Ramia, Misao's new lover."

Ramia walks onto the stage clad in skin tight black leather a large bruise 
on the side of her head.
 
Audience - "Boooo!"
Ramia - "Shut the hell up you little BEEP wimps."
Audience - "BOOOO!"

Ramia pulls a whip, out of god only knows were in that outfit, and cracks it 
once.

Ramia - "I said shut up!"
Audience Member - "Make Me!"

Before Cav and Haruna, the two bouncers, can respond Ramia flicks her whip 
out around the audience members neck, snapping it.

Audience - O.O
Ramia - "Anyone else?"
Audience - Dead Silence.

Cav and Haruna finally get in between the smug Ramia and the audience.

Ramia - "I thought not."
Daventry - Coughing.  "Uh... Miss. Ramia, if you don't mind could you sit 
down?"

Misao stands up and rushes over to her mistress.  She drops to her knees 
before Ramia and waits.

Ramia - Leaving Misao on her knees sits down.
Daventry - "Now, Miss. Ramia."  Stares at the whip for a second.  "Did you 
know that Misao had a regular lover when you slept with her."
Ramia - "Couldn't have cared less.  I just need a good submissive to make 
into Slutty Misa."
Sasami - "Slutty Misa?  Misao is Slutty Misa?"
Audience - "Uh?"
Ramia - "That's right, slave change!"
Misao - stands up

A teenager wanders onto the stage and stares into Misao's eyes.  Misao's 
hair turns yellow and her skirt dissolves 
Censored........................................................................
................................................................................
................................................................................
................. 
The teenager walks off the stage.

Slutty Misa - "I will find and destroy La Blue Sammy!"
Audience - O.O  some of the males check for nose bleeds.
Daventry - "Well that will definitely make the next to hot for TV video."
Sasami - crying "No, it can't be not Misao!"
Two woman rush onto the stage one a twin of Sasami except for being maybe 
five years older.  The other a cyan haired woman floating above the ground 
and flicking her tail.

Tsunami - "Sasami darling, you must destroy Slutty Misa."
Daventry - "And please welcome our next guests Sasami's mother and father."
Ryoko - "Mothers, plural damn it!"  Shows her fangs.
Daventry - "Sasami's mothers Tsunami and Ryoko."
Ramia - "I am so going to kill you Tsunami."  Leaps forward at Tsunami only 
to be restrained to by Haruna.
Slutty Misa - "Don't you touch my mistress.  CALLING SHINMA!"  Misao wraps 
her whip around Haruna but nothing happens.  "Huh?"
Ryoko - "Yah, like any self respecting Shinma would possess that tree 
whore."
Cav - "Good one."  Gives Ryoko a high five.
Ramia - "You BEEPen, BEEP BEEP Tsunami."
Ryoko - "Hey, don't talk about my love that way."
Audience - "OOOOHHHH!"

Ryoko begins to charge at Ramia only to be stopped by Cav.

Ramia - "Don't you BEEPen, tell me what to do Tsunami's BEEP."

Sasami attempts to run off the stage only to be stopped by Washu.

Daventry - "And are last guest the greatest sexual master in the world, La 
Blue Sammy's sex teacher and grandmother, Washu!"
Audience - Cheers and Applauds.
Ramia - "Mom, you BLEEPen, BEEP BEEP.  I'm going to BEEP, BEEP your BEEPen 
BEEP BEEP."
Audience - "Whoa."
Daventry - "I don't think she repeated herself once."
Washu - "Now, now, Ram-chan is that the way to talk to your mom?"

Ramia snaps Haruna's neck like an old rotten tree with her bare hands and 
leaps at Washu, hitting Sasami and sending her into the crowd.

Cav - "Damn it, and I was going to do that!"

Sasami changes into La Blue Sammy.

Audience - Groping Sasami "OOOOOHHHHH!!"
Daventry - Talking to producer   "The next too hot for TV show is going to 
make us a fortune.
Nabiki - "Hmmmm..."
Sasami - "In the name of... Oh BEEP it!  SEX BOMB ATTACK!

A ball of light flows out of Sammy's Baton engulfing the whole room.

***

	Nursing a bruise and a bottle of Saki, Daventry wakes up, taking another 
drag on his bottle he falls back asleep.

***

	Jerking straight up in her bed, Misao tries to remember something 
important,  something about a pink red haired woman and her brother?  She 
falls back asleep dreaming of Sasami.

***

Ramia - "What a BEEPen weird BEEPy dream."

***

	Tsunami stares into Ryoko eyes.

Tsunami and Ryoko(together) - "Did you?  Nah..."

	The two woman cuddle until Ryoko gains a special gleam in her eyes.

***

Washu wakes up.  Her new toy for the night had moved and she would have to 
punish him.

***

Sasami wakes from a cold sweat.

Sasami - "Misao was... no that was only a dream."

She begins to roll over only to find her hand clenching a wooden object.

***

Ms. Strikes - Glancing up from her notepad.  "Don't blame me it was the pens 
fault."  She goes back to her continuos scribbles

***

Pen - "Yah like anyone's going to buy that!"

Special thanks to Cavis and Davner.  See I told you if you pissed me off 
you'd be included in the story.  A huge thx to my proof reader and finally a 
thx to tank cop with out his support I probably wouldn't have written this 
eps.


