“Okay once again this is the disclaimer... if you are too young don’t read 
this fic.  If you are to old and do read this fic don’t sue me.  My lawyer 
is right now suing me so I’m really, really broke.  Well on to the story...”

La Blue Sammy

Episode 2: On the Day of the Play.

	*I’m not going to open my eyes until Sis calls me for breakfast.*  Sasami 
thought snuggling deeper into her bed.  Only to feel something move next to 
her.  *Don’t look, just go back to sleep, Sasami.*
	“How long are you going to pretend to be asleep.  I am after all the worlds 
leading authority on sex.  You think I can’t tell if someone is asleep or 
not.”  A hand reached out and tweaked one of Sasami’s nipples.  Gasping, 
Sasami sat up, showing off her nude body.  “That’s more like it.”
	“Were are my clothes?”  Sasami asked her voice reaching a shrill octave 
reminiscent of her sister.
	“I’m here to teach you sex craft.  Your not going to need them.”  The red 
hair girl told her, frankly admiring Sasami’s body.  Sasami’s whole body 
turned red in the biggest blush of her life.  She turned an even deeper 
shade as she noted that the unidentifiable sexed ninja was starring at her 
as well.
	“But first a history lesson.  During the Edo Period your mother and her 
sister, Ramia,  had a tiny, little, falling out.  Your mother wanted to 
contain the Shinma with the power of the seal in your baton, but your aunt 
wanted to conquer the world using their evil powers... This sure sounds like 
the plot of some Anime doesn’t it.”  The girl giggled at her.  “Any 
questions?”
	“What is that?”  Sasami said pointing at micro ninja.
	“That’s just Ryo-Ohki, he’s here to help guide and train you in the sex 
arts.”
	“Your kidding right.”  Her stomach started to feel queasy.
	“No,  here take the Baton.”  Washu said, forcing the thing into Sasami’s 
unwilling hands.  “Now say the transformation words.”  Sasami tried to make 
another break for it, but was tackled by her grandmother and forced into a 
sleeper hold.  The Baton forced into Sasami’s unwilling hand “Say the 
words...”  Washu ordered tightening her vice grip.
	“Sexual Magic Power.”  Sasami whispered.
	“No it’s Sexual Magic Change.”  Sasami began to see stars as her wind pipe 
was slowly crushed.
	Cough.  “Sexual Magic.”  Cough.  “Change.”  The bright pink light engulfed 
Sasami for a good forty five seconds as her transformation scene changed her 
into La Blue Sammy.  The change forced Washu to break her grip and for the 
whole fan service scene Sasami was on the floor gagging trying to breath.  
Now dressed in a dark blue corset and short skirt Sasami used the Baton to 
lever herself off the floor.
	“You really fill that outfit, Sammy.  You’ve got me jealously.”
	“Miya!”
	“Now all you have to do is bond with the Baton.  That should power it up, 
the baton in it’s present condition can only be used to change you into La 
Blue Sammy.”  The little red-haired girl told her in lecture mode once 
again.  “To bond with the Baton, just sacrifice your virginity to it.”  
Sasami ran for it, smacking the ninja with her Baton and sending him flying 
into the wall.
	“Must still have a little power in it left over from your mom.  Now just 
settle down.  I’m to old for this.”  She yelled giving chase after the 
fleeing Sasami, who had dropped the Baton and was making maximum speed for 
the door.  A little to fast to be caught, even by Washu, she bolted out into 
the city and disappeared.
	Sasami ran frantically around the town, till even she was thoroughly lost.  
Breathing heavily, she wondered how she was going to change back.  And then 
remembered that if she did it would be to nude.  Heading back home didn’t 
seem to be a winner at least not till morning.  She could go find Misao but 
dressed as she was there would be no doubt in her mind what Misao would want 
to do and she definitely didn’t feel like that.  Now as long as they don’t 
cut to another scene she would be okay.

***

	Naked, shivering, and dead tired, Sasami walked up to her house and tried 
the handle.  *Locked, what else could go wrong tonight.*  She thought as the 
door opened and her sister stared at her.
	“Did you use a condom.”  Aeka asked framed by the door.
	“Sis, nothing like that happened.  And no, I don’t want to talk about it.”  
Sasami told Aeka, dragging her body slowly towards her room.

***

	“Sasami, where were you yesterday?”  Misao inquired worriedly as they both 
walked, once again, towards school.
	Sasami had slept the majority of the day before. For the remainder of the 
time had argued with her sister, and she still felt tired as hell.  The 
worse part though had been when she woke up, and saw the Baton sitting 
beside her bed.  Wrapping the nasty thing up in a bag she had tossed it into 
the garbage.
	“Sasami, say something, your off in dream land.”   Misao whisper shouted at 
her.
	“I have a headache, I’ll be fine though.  So what did I miss yesterday.”
	“Not much, Akane tried to take your place in the play.  But she obviously 
hasn’t been studying her lines.  She didn’t know half of them it was 
terrible.  Eimi almost blew a fuse and called rehearsal off after only half 
an hour.”  Misao giggled at the thought.
	“I’m sorry I missed it.”  Sasami said starting to feel better, now that her 
life had once again reached a sense of normalcy.  All of yesterday she had 
lain in her bed trying not to think about her troubles,  so of course had 
dwelt on them.
	“Anything else.”
	“Nope.”
	Sasami stopped dead in her tracks, again.  Misao scanned the crowd 
searching for black hair and pony tail but couldn’t locate them or their 
owner.  Her friend took off running into a side alley leaving Misao feeling 
just a little bit bewildered.  Especially after she saw what appeared to be 
a micro ninja chase after Sasami from the other side of the street.  Misao 
blocked his path accidentally causing them both to tumble to the ground 
scattering her books everywhere.  Without saying a word of apology the ninja 
leaped up and began to chase after Sasami again.
	“Sasami what are you doing.”  Misao whispered under her breath.

***

	“Ms. Kawaii,”  Mihoshi read off her clip board waiting for an answer.
	“I’m... huff... here.”  Sasami said, stumbling into the room out of breath 
and sweating.  Miss. Mihoshi failed to even notice and continued on with her 
attendance.  Finished she nodded to Eimi and sat down behind her desk
	“Okay people we’ve got two days till the festival.  Tomorrow is the dress 
rehearsal and then the big day.  All were doing for today is dividing up 
into groups to do last minute touch ups on whatever your project was.  The 
actors will read lines.  By the way, thank you Ms. Kawaii for showing up.   
Ok everyone, lets get moving.”

***

	Sasami stared down at herself fully decked out in pink ribbons and sequins. 
  Madoka had out done herself in making this ridiculous costume.  And most 
of all she wanted to kick the but of Ms. Strike for coming up with this dumb 
idea.  At least Misao looked cute, she smiled already thinking up 
interesting ways of removing that costume from her.  But that just led her 
mind back to her own problems and this role just hit a little to close to 
home.  She knew that Misao was starting to know that something was going on 
with her.
	“Sasami that’s your cue...”  Eimi said standing next to Ms. Strike.  
Putting her thoughts in order Sasami charged out on to the stage to fight 
the great evil one (Misao.)  “Remember that you have to time this perfectly 
tomorrow... so that you will walk out of the smoke.”
	Taking up her required pose.  “I fight for love.”  Sasami said immensely 
hating her life.
	“So you are the magical girl I’ve heard so much about.  But your powers are 
nothing compared to that of hate and darkness.”  Misao told Sasami wagging 
her wand at the magical girl.
	“I can no longer allow you to terrify the citizens of Tokyo.  Evil Linna 
your time is up.”  She pointed her staff made up of hearts back at the evil 
one.  “Surrender now and I’ll just send you back to your own dimension.  Or 
else I am going to have to hurt you.”
	“Never.”  Misao yelled shooting streamers from her wand at Sasami that were 
dodged.   Hitting the crowd of stand buyers (extras) who died with loud 
exaggerated moaning.
	“I can never forgive you for that.”  Sasami yelled at Misao as battle was 
joined.

***

	“Misao, can I come over to your place tonight.”  Sasami asked her friend 
after the play.  As they changed out of their outfits.
	“Of course.”  Misao said huskily seeing something in Sasami’s eyes she 
hadn’t seen in over a week as they changed.
	“Bring your costume too.”  Sasami ordered her with an evil grin on her 
face.  Misao moved close to Sasami for just a second and whispered happily 
into her ear.
	“Yes, Mistress.”

***

	“Misao, I’m home early.”  Sasami heard a voice call out from the hallway 
just as she was about to get past the foreplay section of the game.  Letting 
go of Misao and quickly and carefully untying her.   But not before giving 
her a kiss and a whispered promise.  They both headed out into the family 
room Misao still dressed in her costume.
	“Oh, hi Sasami.  What have you two been doing.”
	“Just practicing our lines.”  Sasami said.
	“Oh, that’s right the plays tomorrow... “  She frowned.  “I’m sorry Misao 
but I won’t be able to make it.”
	“That’s okay Mom.”  Misao sighed, not surprised but hoping that she would 
have been able to attend the play.
	“Come on Misao, we’ve got to get these lines perfect by tomorrow, see you 
Miss.”  Sasami said leading Misao back to her room.
	*I wonder why just Misao is dressed up, oh well.*  She thought as she began 
to unpack the groceries.

***

	After calling home to be sure her Sis was their Sasami left Misao’s place.  
Taking the long way and checking in every direction she cautiously walked 
home.  Not that it did her any good.  Twenty minutes later and reaching a 
new level of paranoia.  Sasami rounded the corner of the street not fifty 
feet from home and felt something land on top of her from one of the trees.  
Letting out a hiss of triumph the ninja knocked the struggling Sasami 
unconscious.

***

	“Now, she’s going to have to listen to us.”  Sasami heard a voice through 
her fog clouded mind.
	“Miya.”
	*I was so close...*  Sasami tried to raise herself off whatever she was 
laying on and open her eyes only to realize that she was tied down, gagged, 
and blindfolded.
	“Ah... She’s awake.”  Sasami recognized the voice as Washu’s.  With out 
thought she started to struggle frantically, trying to break the ropes that 
bound her.  Realizing that once again she was nude.
	“Now little one, we are going to continue our conversation from where you 
rudely interrupted it a few days ago.”  Washu purred into her ear.  “First 
though you have to change into your true form.”
	“Miya... Washu... she can’t change while she’s, Miya, gagged.”  Ryo-Ohki 
pointed out.
	“Your right, but I thought I would have a little fun with my granddaughter 
first.”  She said starting to play with Sasami right breast.  Twisting it 
hard as Sasami struggled to escape her grasp arching her back..  “Now little 
one, you shouldn’t have tried to get away.”  Washu’s voice suddenly became 
more husky and Sasami felt the bed she was on suddenly creak as if a heavy 
weight was added to it.
	Washu twisted Sasami nipple again.  Sticking a pillow under Sasami’s rear 
when she arched her back.  “I am a sexual genius.”
	“Miya.”  Ryo-Ohki answered.  Giving Washu a pitiful stare out from under 
his hood.
	“No, she has to be a virgin... and don’t even think about me... I don’t do 
cabbits anymore.  And that’s your great grandfathers fault.”  Washu licked 
the nipple and then twisted it again sending another hand slowly down 
towards Sasami’s center, licking it first so that she left a trail of saliva 
on Sasami’s belly reaching down to her upraised hips.  “Umm... your already 
wet.  Just what I would expect from my granddaughter.  Especially one that’s 
half Shinma.”
	Washu, slowly licked her way down after her hand finding every sensitive 
spot on the way.  When she finally reached her destination Sasami was 
moaning uncontrollable.  Thrusting her hips against the ropes.  Cut off from 
her eyes the immense pleasure that Washu was generating seemed to be 
amplified even more by the lack of a sense.
	Pushing her tongue inside of Sasami’s center and twisting her clit she felt 
Sasami buckle and come for the first time.  Washu greedily lapping up the 
juices.  She pulled Sasami even farther onto her tongue forcing Sasami to 
start bucking once again.  “Hmmm... It’s been a while since I tasted virgin 
pussy.  It has a sweetness all its own.”
	Ryo-Ohki began to whimper from the side of the bed.  “Please...”
	“No, go bring me the baton... she’s about ready.”  Washu ordered licking 
Sasami’s clit till she was just at the point of coming again.  Then began to 
slowly lick her way back up to Sasami’s breasts fondling and playing with 
them and the gag.
	“So Sasami, are you ready to change yet.”  Washu breathed into Sasami’s 
ear.  Receiving no response from the blushing girl other then a moan.  
“Sounds like your ready to me.”  Washu said removing the gag and placing the 
baton in Sasami’s left hand.  “All you have to do is transform and I’ll keep 
on playing with you.  My little toy.”
	“Please, let me go.”  Sasami whimpered out trying to resist the feelings 
coursing through her body.
	“All you have to do is change and give your virginity to the Baton.”  Washu 
purred into her ear.  Sasami struggled frantically trying to think of anyway 
she could escape from these insane people.  Holding onto her last piece of 
sanity before her body ran on pure instinct.
	“No, Tenchi will be my first!”  She sobbed at Washu.  Who slapped her hard 
and forced two fingers into her cunt forcing Sasami to orgasm again.
	“Little toy you will change sooner or later, why force yourself to endure 
more.”  She said slapping Sasami again, still playing with Sasami’s pussy.  
“Such a cute little toy.”  Washu licked up a tear that had trickled out from 
under the blind fold.  “I like my toys to play with me.  Not just lay there 
enjoying themselves.”  Slap.  “You want to play with your grandmother don’t 
you little toy.”  She once again felt Sasami building towards a climax.  “My 
little toy is almost ready again... so fast it must be your Shinma blood.  
This Tenchi must be something to have made you keep your virginity for so 
long.”   Washu began to hold Sasami just on the verge of climax once more.
	Sasami whimpered again.  “Please let me go.”
	“Hmmm... You know what you have to do.”  Washu forced her even closer to 
the brink and held her there.  “My little toy, I think you have something 
else on your mind though.”
	“Please...”  Sasami whispered.
	“Please, what?”
	“Please... let me come.”
	“Then change or I can hold you at this point all night with out you ever 
coming again.  I am a sexual genius.”  She said emphasizing her words with 
careful movements of her fingers.  Sasami forced herself up against her 
bonds towards the fingers trying to give herself some relief   But somehow 
Washu knew what she was going to do before she did it.  And just increased 
Sasami’s torment by slapping her again.  “Now, now, my little toy none of 
that.  Just change for me.”
	“Yes anything... please let me cum.”  Sasami twisted in her bonds towards 
Washu.  Her face flushed and sweating blushing a dark red where Washu’s hand 
had impacted.
	“Say Sexual Magic Change.”  Washu ordered.
	“Sexual... Magic... Gasp... Change.”  Sasami called out.  Her body was once 
again surrounded by pink colored light as dark blue leather straps began to 
wrap around Sasami’s body causing her to finally orgasm.  Bucking wildly the 
Baton touched some of Sasami’s cum dripping down the side of her leg.  Its 
pale look began to turn gray and glow.  Sasami’s writhing became even worse 
as she broke the ropes holding her and sat up.  Wildly waving the Baton 
Sasami removed the blindfold  Hitting Ryo-Ohki with her weapon sending him 
crashing into the wall.   She dropped the Baton as she ran out of the room 
and into a hall.  Pure instinct had taken over Sasami’s mind,  she ran and 
ran for a long time.

***

	Dawn found Sasami shivering and nude once again on her own door step 
staring at her sister.  “Sasami have you joined a gang or something.  Is 
this some sort of initiation.  And don’t try to tell me you haven’t had sex 
you reek of it.”
	“Sis, I can’t talk to you about this right now.  I’ve got to get some sleep 
before the festival.”  Sasami said rubbing her red eyes.  She walked past 
her sister ignoring the frown and headed to bed collapsing asleep instantly.

***

	“Sasami, wake up.”  Someone was shaking her.  Instantly in flight mode 
Sasami was half way out of the room before she realized that the voice had 
belonged to Misao.  “Is everything ok.”   Misao said looking astonished at 
her weary friend.
	“I had a bad night.  Just give me a few minutes to take a shower and get 
dressed and we’ll go to the festival.”  Sasami grabbed a towel and heading 
towards the bathroom.  Running into only one wall on her way there.

***

	“Places everyone.”  Eimi yelled to the actors as she glanced at her watch 
showing 1:59.
	Sasami walked out onto the stage dressed in her school uniform along with 
seven other girls.  She still felt dead tired from last night and would have 
backed out of this play if it wasn’t for the fact that Akane still hadn’t 
memorized her lines.
	“Welcome to a normal day at the Naginata High School.  School is just about 
to start once again.”  The narrator, Eimi dressed in a business suit, read 
off as the curtain opened to reveal the players.
	“Good morning.”  Sasami almost yelled as she ran out onto the stage.  Only 
to pause her heart skipping a beat as she saw Tenchi sitting near the front 
row next to Madoka.
	“Hi Sakura, how are you today.”  The girl to her right, and supposedly her 
best friend called out to Sasami.  Snapping her out of her revelry and back 
into the play.
	“I’m fine.  I just hope no super villains shows up today.  The school was 
almost destroyed yesterday.”  Sasami said mentally sighing at the pure 
corniest of this show.  While, off stage, Ms. Strike nodded her head pleased 
with how masterfully she had written the play.
	“But how good of a play would that make.”  Some one shouted from the crowd 
as the stage filled with smoke.  Sasami and the rest of the girls started 
coughing.  The whole time thinking that Mizuhara had messed up the special 
effects some how.  As the smoke cleared, a blond hair girl stood in the 
center of the stage decked out in red leather straps, even more bright red 
leather boots with spiked heals and some weird feathered contraption in her 
hair.  Carrying a graceful long black whip.
	“Hello, I am Slutty Misa.”  She bowed slightly.  “And I am looking for the 
one named Sammy.”
	“Get off the stage.”  Eimi yelled at her, marching onto the stage, followed 
by a bewildered Ms. Mihoshi.  Eimi grabbed the girl and began to forcefully 
drag her across the stage.  Pulling the shocked girl out of the line of 
sight of the more attentive and amused crowd.
	“Drop the curtain.”  Eimi yelled leaving the weirdly dressed girl under the 
care of Ms. Mihoshi.  “From the beginning.”
	The bewildered blond hair girl yelled at Eimi in a French accent.  “You 
think I am some kind of... prankster.”  She gathered up her whip and then 
flicked it around Eimi’s neck.  “Calling Shinma!”
	Hidden from the audiences eyes by the curtain.  Eimi’s body began to glow 
and then change.  Her skin became a light green color and began to grow 
especially her breasts which now appeared to be exceptional for her twelve 
foot height.  Her hair lengthened changing to a blond color and seemed to 
move on its own accord as if alive with a thousand snakes.
	Mr. Lawyer appears from somewhere at the back of the stage.  “Its 
considered almost a requirement in today’s hentai to have at least one 
tentacle monster.  The author though wanted it pointed out that in his 
original story the end monster was not going to be tentacle but a variation 
of the Love, Love Monster.  But it was pointed out to the author by someone 
that he didn’t want to see Sasami raped by a tentacle monster so of course 
he had to please the fans.”  The figure, in a business suit, walked back 
behind the curtains covering the rear of the stage.
	“Love You Long Time Shinma, uh...”  Slutty Misa paused stumped trying to 
figure out a name for the monstrosity that had been Eimi.  “Uh... Annoying 
Blond Hair Girl Shinma.”  She finally called out to the empty stage.  “Raise 
the curtain.”  The monster reached out with one of its hairs and raised the 
curtain showing the monster to the crowd.
	“Look at the monster, mommy.”  A small child pointed at the Shinma.  While 
the whole audience gasped with amazement at the special effects.
	“Uh... aren’t you all scared of my Love You Long Time Shinma?”  Misa 
mystified asked the audience who were attentively awaiting the introduction 
of the magical girl who would save them from the evil monster and its 
master.

***

	The magical girl in question was using her new found skill that she had 
learned in the last couple weeks, running away.  *I have got to be dreaming. 
  That’s it, all I have to do is wake up.*  She kept telling herself as she 
ran away from the festival.
	The road she was making her escape on was bordered by your standard gray 
eight foot wood fence.  Breathing hard she finally stopped and leaned 
against the fence.  *Center yourself Sasami.  Your away from them now just 
wake up.*
	“Uh... Sasami”  someone tapped her on the shoulder.  She completely ignored 
the tapping focused on her need to wake up.   Until she was whapped on the 
side of the head by a baton.  “Hey, you have got to save everyone.”  The 
masked ninja pulled the baton back again in case he needed to reinforce his 
words.  “You are Sammy.  Its your job to stop the Shinma who has possessed 
your friend, miya!”
	Sasami had once again used the opportunity to try to make her escape but 
was tackled by an irritated Ryo-Ohki.  “Come on, miya!  Everyone needs you.” 
  He lifted the Baton and hit her as hard as he could on her head sending 
her to the world of dreams that she had been wishing to exit not a moment 
before.

***

	The audience stared at Misa and Misa starred at the audience.  “Well aren’t 
you going to run in terror or something.”  She stared at them puzzled that 
the audience was just sitting their waiting for her to do something.  
Shrugging “Oh well, Love You Long Time Shinma’s attack.”
	“Grrrrrrr.....  hehehe mass rape scene.  My favorite.”  The possessed body 
of Eimi giggled to itself, launching out a mass of blond hair shaping itself 
into hundreds of tentacles.  Wiggling themselves out into the audience and 
behind the stage.  Snagging young female students and tossing everything 
else into the sky on a course for orbit.  Somehow Tenchi had so far escaped 
the mass exodus of the other males and was crawling underneath the chairs 
towards the exit dragging Madoka behind him.
	“Ahh... that’s better panic and terror just what I wanted to hear.”  Misa 
walked over to the edge of the stage.  “How long till this Sammy shows up.  
Mistress Ramia promised me that she would be somewhere in this school.  I 
hope she wasn’t sick today.”

***

	“Wake up.”  Someone shook Sasami hard forcing her out of the welcome relief 
of sleep.  *Now when I wake up this horrible nightmare will all be over.*  
She cautiously opened her eyes expecting to see either Sis or Misao and was 
horrified to see the little ninja happily pawing her.
	“Please, untie me.”  She asked him finding herself once again in that oh so 
interesting position.  Though this time they had taken the extra precaution 
of chains.
	“Now, why would we do that, my little toy.  My naughty little toy.  I would 
so... love to play with you, but we are out of time.  Now why don’t you take 
the Baton and say the words.  The longer you take the more your friends are 
being hurt as they are slowly turned into sex slaves of that Shinma.”  She 
thrust the baton into Sasami’s hand holding it in place.
	“I have to wake up now.”  Sasami yelled, struggling against her bonds 
frantically.
	“If its all a dream then what is the harm of doing what I say.”  Washu 
whispered in her ear.  “After all there are only three ways to get out of a 
dream to die, to wake up, or to finish it.  If you finished it, then you can 
go back to sleeping with out dreams or fears.”
	At that moment Sasami realized that this couldn’t be a dream.  Everything 
made sense in a dream.  You believed any nonsense in a dream as if it was 
fact and right now she did not believe in any part of Miss Washu’s nonsense.
	“There is no choice is there.”  She whispered.  “I have to save my friends. 
  Misao! I left Misao back there!”  She shouted at the end.  Grabbing the 
Baton firmly.  “Sexual Magic Change.”
	“Now your getting into the spirit of it.”  Washu told her. With incredible 
strength for her little size she held Sasami’s hand and forced the Baton 
down to Sasami’s clit.
	“What are you doing?”  Sasami shouted at her trying with all her strength 
to wrench her hand out of Washu’s gasp.
	“I told you, you have to bond with it.”  Sammy couldn’t find any leverage 
do to the chains to stop its entrance, Sasami felt the Baton slowly enter 
her.  With the first touch of the tip to the side of her pussy she gained a 
surge of strength and tossed Washu across the room.  She tried to break the 
chains latched just above her elbow joint but only struggled furtively.
	“Okay, I can’t force you but the longer you delay the more your friends 
will be hurt.  Do you know what happens when someone is raped long enough by 
a Shinma.  In seconds they start to enjoy it.  After a while it becomes a 
need like an addiction.  And if it happens for too long they loose all their 
humanity willing to do anything just to be raped once again.”  Washu stared 
at her.  “Are you going to let that happen to your friend Misao?”
	In the silence that followed Sasami could hear faint screams.  She must be 
near the school, probably in some broom closet.  Hating herself more then 
she had ever before.  She looked at her grandmother.  “Please... make me 
enjoy my first time, so it doesn’t hurt that much.”  Her eyes seeming to 
glisten just a little more then they should have in the light, a pool of 
water forming at the rims.
	“Hey, don’t worry, I am a Sexual Genius and you are my granddaughter. I’ll 
give you an orgasm you will never forget.”  She slowly stood up from where 
Sasami had thrown her against the wall and walked calmly over to her 
granddaughter.  Kissing her lightly on the lips she worked down Sasami’s 
clothed body, until reaching the exposed area. Licking a finger she impaled 
Sasami testing her need.  *Bone dry, not a very promising start.*  She 
looked up to see her patient had closed her eyes and was just lying on the 
ground limply, apparently giving up on life.  Smiling to herself, Washu 
decided to change that and then remembered that she was on the clock.  *Fast 
and dirty.  No fun at all.*
	Washu licked her middle finger again and then slowly began to rub careful 
circles around the outside of Sasami’s pussy waiting for just the right 
twitch.  Pushing a pressure point on Sasami’s spine she thrusts her finger 
as far as it could go into Sasami’s clit and touched a second one.  Then 
slowly removed it tell her hand was just on the outskirts of Sasami’s pussy. 
  The two pressure points had done the trick and Sasami was moaning and 
twitching already just on the outside of an orgasm.  Washu simply circled 
Sasami’s pussy toying with it once again.
	“Okay, little toy.  Now bond with the Baton, your friends are waiting.”  
Washu said smiling, keeping at her slow playing with Sasami’s pussy and 
slowly lowering her left hand from Sasami’s spine, trailing it down till it 
sat comfortably on her rear.  Her smile widening slowly as the baton crept 
down Sasami’s side.  Her hand shaking as it lined up with her pussy.  
Breathing heavily the Baton slowly moved inside of her.  Seeming to be 
possessed of its own will the Baton inched its way forward until stopped by 
something inside the hole.  Sasami’s hand shaking wildly she forced the 
Baton past the wall inside of her.  Washu stuck one of her fingers inside of 
Sasami’s ass and with her other hand pitched her clit.  Sasami orgasmed the 
pain and pleasure mixing into a higher level of rapture for her.  The Baton 
flashed and expanded inside of her absorbing her blood and cum increasing 
the feeling inside of her.  For a split second she forgot how to breath the 
pleasure so overrode her senses.  Then gasping still feeling micro orgasm 
rock her body she came down from her cloud.  The baton reverting back to its 
natural size.
	“Now, that is my granddaughter.”  Washu said proudly admiring the sweat 
soaked panting girl.  Breathing deeply in Sasami’s smell and smiling.

***

	“I guess she isn’t going to come.”  Misa yawned, sitting on the side of the 
stage bored already with the raping and pillaging.  The screams and moans 
having lost any interest a while ago.  She had thought about joining in on 
the fun, but had been more interested in just sunbathing.  “Well, I guess 
you can stop the fun, we’ll try again in a week or so.”  She told the 
monster.
	“Ahh... but there only at the pleasure stage give me another half hour and 
they’ll all be your slaves, mistress.”  Misao yawned again.
	“You heard me.”
	“Oh... ok.”  The demon reluctantly began to withdraw its tentacles.
	“I’m a little late... huff... huff... but I have arrived.  Huff... La Blue 
Sammy is here.”  Sasami said, posing at the top of the stage and 
unfortunately giving everyone in the beleaguered audience a look at her 
pussy as a stray gust of wind caught the skirt.
	“So Sammy you have finally shown up.  I am Slutty Misa.  Demon continue 
please.”  She bowed to Sammy.  “Now why don’t you save us all some time and 
the author some typing and just give me the Baton.”
	“I will destroy you in the name of love and justice.”  She shrugged 
mentally, well it sounded good on Sailor Moon, but a little too corny in 
real life.
	“That was the best quote you could come up with.  I feel like I have to do 
battle with a five year old.”  Misa yelled up at her.
	“Okay you annoying blond hair monster lets fight.”  Sasami pointed her 
baton at Misa.
	“No, you idiot, I’m Slutty Misa, that is the Annoying Blond Hair Shinma.  
Are you just dumb or something.  How can my arch-rival be an idiot.”
	“Hey, this is my first time cut me a break.”
	“First time huh, Annoying Blond Hair Shinma show Sammy a real good first 
time.”  The confused monster had thought that his big scene had been cut by 
a no show of the main actress.  Smiled gaily, he shot off ten tentacles at 
La Blue Sammy.  The magical girl tried to bat the tentacles away with her 
baton but was overwhelmed in mere seconds.  Wrapping her body in its limbs 
and drawing her down from the top of the stage to the raised platform that 
it was sitting on.  Suspending her about five feet off the ground keeping 
Sasami from getting any leverage.
	“Well, I guess just fuck her till she’s your slave.  This is kind of 
boring.”  Yawn.  “I thought that being an evil magical girl would be more 
challenging.  Or at least let me spout off some good lines.  Wake me up when 
your done.”  Misa told the Shinma stepping off the stage and laying down on 
one of the benches not occupied by a student being raped, quietly going to 
sleep.
	Wrapped in tentacles, her clothes already in a neat little pile of rags on 
the ground, the monster played with Sasami, slowly turning her until she was 
facing the ground.  A tentacle forced its way into her mouth slowly choking 
her as two more latched on her breasts.  *I thought this stupid Baton was 
suppose to stop something like this.*
	One of the unoccupied tentacles wrapped itself around her baton and forced 
it out of her hand.  Putting it next to the sleeping form of Slutty Misa for 
safe keeping.  The Shinma returning its full attention to Sammy got down to 
work.  Forcing a tentacle inside of Sasami’s pussy and another into her ass. 
Plunging the tentacle that she was being forced to suck even farther down 
her throat.  The monster’s tentacle began secreting a of lubricant into her 
private places as they pounded into her.  In just a few seconds Sasami pain 
had turned to slowly building pleasure.  Even when the Baton had filled her 
she hadn’t felt this filled.  It was just to much for her mind.  The 
pleasure overrode her mind and instinct began to take control.  Sasami 
reflexively sucked on the tentacle in her mouth as her body shuddered in its 
first orgasm, releasing a flood of juices down her leg.
	The monster paused for a second, still inserted in all of her holes playing 
with her breasts.  Sasami’s whole body twitched as she tried to slide 
herself against the tentacles impaling her.  The Love You Long Time Shinma 
relented and once again began pounding into her forcing Sasami to once again 
bucking wildly.  This time the monster failed to stop his rhythm building up 
for its own orgasm.  Until finally the tentacles came shooting thick lines 
of green goo all over Sasami.  The feeling of being filled intensified to a 
point beyond her comprehension as she overflowed with the monsters cum 
sending her once again to new heights of pleasure.  The monster removed the 
tentacle from her mouth allowing her to vomit up the come rather then be 
choked by it and then quickly filled the vacated hole.  Once again the 
pleasure began to build.
	The masked ninja, from the position that Sammy had vacated, tossed down a 
storm of darts severing the tentacles that bound her. The Shinma reared back 
removing its tentacles from its other victims.  The sudden twitching of the 
tentacles severed from the main body but still impaling Sammy forced the 
woman already on the brink of orgasm to begin cumming again.
	Panting and dazed Sasami removed the tentacle in her mouth with her hand 
rolling onto her side she vomited once again.
	“Sasami, get up.”  Ryo-Ohki ordered.  Tossing down a pair of small bombs on 
to of the monster.  She forced herself to sit up untangling the tentacles 
and removing them from around and inside her body.  Gasping Sammy pulled 
herself across the stage and onto the bleachers gaining enough energy to 
finally stand as she fell from the razed stage and into the audience.  Her 
feet shaking Sasami walked through the stunned members of the crowd toward 
were Misa was rubbing her eyes, yawning widely.
	“What the hell was that?  Annoying Blond Hair Shinma is everything okay.”  
She looked up to see Sammy standing over her snatching up the Baton.  Taking 
a good batters stance, she beamed Misa with it sending her flying through 
the crowd.  Sweating heavily and still panting Sasami turned her attention 
back to the monster.  Against her will she stroked her pussy with the top of 
the Baton.
	“How do I get rid of the monster.”  She yelled at the ninja who had been 
captured in her few moments of inattention and was slowly having his life 
crushed out of him by six tentacles.
	“Focus all...” gasp ”...you sexual energy on the Baton and...” gasp 
“yell... Sex Bomb Attack!”
	Sasami forced her hand holding the baton away from her pussy and gathered 
herself, trying to concentrate and failing miserably.   She closed her eyes 
centering herself and blocked out everything around her.  She felt the baton 
begin to warm in her hand.   Forcing that which was consuming her body into 
the Baton she pointed it at the Shinma.  La Blue Sammy yelled “Sex Bomb 
Attack!” as a burst of pink light expanded from her Baton towards the 
monster engulfing it in light and cleansing Eimi from the Shinma possessing 
her.  The sexual energy seemed to flow out from Sasami.  Guardedly she 
turned around to face Misa.
	“This is so... not over.”  Misa pointed at her then using her whip as a 
ribbon twirled it over her head until she was engulfed in a whirlwind and 
disappeared revealing only empty air.
	“Sammy you did good, Miya.”  Ryo-Ohki said hugging her body, fondling one 
of Sammy’s breasts accidentally.
	“Thanks for rescuing me.  Have you seen Misao?”  Sammy asked backing away 
from him.
	“It’s no problem.  Miya!  That’s my job.  Uh... Sammy are you ok?”   He 
said staring at her as she started to rub the Baton across her pussy once 
again.
	“I can’t help it, my body seems to be on fire with need.”  Sasami stared at 
him shifting her hips.
	“Miya, that is just the aphrodisiac the Shinma use as a lubricant, Miya, 
little training so it won’t effect Sammy.”  He stared hungrily at her.  “Of 
course until Sammy know how to counter it.  Miya... it takes about a day to 
wear off.  Miya... if Sammy didn’t swallow any.”
	“We have to find Misao, now!”  Sasami yelled inserting her Baton into her 
pussy and feeling it grow inside of her.

Roll Credits

	“Hi it’s Sasami again.  In the next episode the gymnastic team is gearing 
up for a big meet against Shinonome High.  Ms. Kiyone is working us like 
slaves.  Hey, wait a minute this is suppose to be a hentai series I have a 
bad feeling about this.  Scantily clad girls in leotards.  Hmmm.... a very, 
very bad feeling.”


PLEASE READ “THE SASAMI LEMON DRUG” THE OMAKE FOR LA BLUE SAMMY EPS 1-2.

Hit the back button on your browser now... ok I warned you.

	I hope you liked the story.  Please send all constructive criticism and 
praise to STRIKESTWICE@hotmail.com and send all flames and other such 
nastiness to my lawyer at BSaddress@nowhere.com.
	The check is in the mail Mr. Lawyer you can tell them to stop following me 
in a pizza truck.


