“The author hired me to consult on this story. In an attempt to help prevent 
him from being sued by an offended party.”  A man, in a black suit complete 
to the briefcase, holds out a card reading, “Mr. Lawyer, Lemons and Magical 
Girl Attorney” to you.
	“First off since this is a lemon, if you are too young in whichever state, 
country, or mental ward you live in.  Please don’t read this story it 
contains bad sexual humor with little, to no redeeming value.”  He opens his 
briefcase and removes a stack of papers.  “Please sign here________, 
here__________, and initial here___.”
	“Ok, on to the next part of the disclaimer.  This story is a parody mixing 
of a number of famous, and not so famous Anime shows.  The most obvious 
being Pretty Sammy (or heaven forbid we forget that Pioneer renamed it with 
a magical wave of their baton to Magical Project S) owned by Pioneer and Viz 
as well as La Blue Girl owned by Anime18.  Also thrown in by the author was 
some Ramna1/2 (Viz), Vanity Angel (Venus Comics),  El Hazard (Pioneer), and 
Kimagure orange road (ADV and Animego) and probably a few more, if your eyes 
peeled.”
	“Well that is about all for the disclaimer.  The author also hired me to 
point out a few key magical girl points, so I’ll probably pop in from time 
to time.”  He stares at you for one second.  “By the way if you do happen to 
run into the author please tell him that the payment for the consultation on 
this project is over do and that the check is in the mail, is not going to 
work anymore.  He can talk to my bill collectors the Dirty Pair.”  The 
Lawyer chuckles, “see if anyone ever beats up one of my clients again.  To 
think that they had the gall to attack Lovely Monica.  Well now I own 
them... hahaha.  Uh, sorry.”


La Blue Sammy

Episode 1: For Love, Sex, and Justice

	“Happy birthday, Sasami!” Misao more whispered to her friend than yelled.  
As the blue haired teenager stepped out of the door.  Walking down the 
little sidewalk that marked the path to the gate and the end of the Kawaii 
residence.
	“Thanks, I’m sorry I’m so late Misao, but Sis was up all night practicing 
for her next movie.  She got some new part on a cheesy cop movie.”  Sasami 
rolled her eyes and grabbed Misao’s hand as they exited the fenced in lawn.  
Glancing left and right to make sure no one was watching she drew Misao into 
a quick kiss.  Before dashing off down the street, pulling her friend behind 
her.
	They briskly passed streets filled with cherry trees and pedestrians.  
After just a few block the same streets were crowded with peers and friends 
as everyone hurried towards the two schools set side by side Ryokirin Boys 
Academy and Naginata Girls School.  Sasami cheerfully waved at her friends, 
towing Misao into the herd of students.
	Her heart stopped along with the rest of her body.  At the sight of a black 
haired pony tail in front of her. Without Sasami’s forward movement, Misao 
crashed into the blue haired girl sending them both onto the ground.
	“You saw Tenchi again, didn’t you?”  Misao’s hissed in Sasami’s ear.  While 
Sasami busily warded off helpful hands from the surrounding students.
	“He’s such a prince.”  She said dreamily, failing to notice Misao’s 
jealousy.  Pulling herself and her friend onto their feet, Sasami dusted off 
her school uniform.  The spring summer version with a light blue mini skirt, 
white blouse, and dark blue jacket decorated with the schools insignia of a 
white rose.  Grabbing up her book bag, she began once again to tow Misao 
through the remaining students.  Hurrying towards the school grounds.

***

	“Stand up, bow.”  Yelled Eimi, the class leader of class 10-2, as homeroom 
began once again.
	“Hi, class, is everyone here today?”  Ms. Mihoshi asked the crowd of 
students inanely, before calling their names and making the correct notation 
on her clip board as to their status.
	“Well now that that’s done, we need to come up with something for the 
upcoming class festival.”  She nodded to the class leader giving up the 
floor.
	“Listen up people.  We are so... behind schedule.  Class 10-3 has already 
begun construction on the set for their play and we still haven’t even got a 
plan.”  Eimi yelled at the students, seeming to stare at Misao and Sasami in 
the front row.  “Does anyone have any *good* ideas.”  A hand raised in the 
back and she nodded towards it.
	“If my calculations are correct, I think that I can make a stable portal to 
another dimension.  Which would be just great for a student festival.”  A 
brown haired girl informed Emi.
	“Um, thanks Ms. Mizuhara... do we have any *reasonable* suggestions.”
	“How about we build a Nazi bar, dress up in authentic clothing, and put a 
tank in the back of the room.”
	“On the second floor!  Come on people, think.”
	“I say we do a live magical girl show.”  A girl in the back yelled, before 
continuing to scribble out a fan fic.
	“Any better ideas.”  Crickets chirped in the background.  “Anyone please.”  
She pleaded at the rest of the students.  A tumble weed slowly rolled across 
the room.  “Okay were doing a magical girl show.”  Dead silence greeted the 
announcement as girls shot uneasy glances around the room.
	*Somehow, I just know that I’ll end up as the lead.*  Sasami thought 
shifting uneasily in her seat.

***

	“Yes Sis, sure I understand.  I guess that Misao and I will go to the 
library after gymnastics.”  Sasami paused listening to her sister.  “No I 
understand its your big rape scene and you can’t come home for my birthday.” 
  She paused again.  “Friday sounds fine.  I’m looking forward to it, Aeka.” 
   Pause.  “Love you to, bye.”
	“Sasami, don’t worry.”  Misao kissed Sasami lightly on the lips.  “I’ve got 
a very special present for you tonight.”
	Sasami giggled and pulled the other girl close to her.  “I’m looking 
forward to it.”  She said huskily, hugging her friend tightly.

***

	“Damn, Ms. Kiyone really worked us today.   She is such a perfectionist.  I 
was up on the balance beam for an hour.”  Sasami shoved a vaulting board 
towards the storage room assisted by an out of breath Misao.
	“You were gorgeous on the balance beam.”  Misao told her pulling the piece 
of equipment.  The storage of the equipment was technically her job as club 
president.  As well as stats of the athletes and cleaning of the gym, so 
that the athletes could go home after a hard days workout.  But no one would 
have been surprised to see the two of them together pushing the equipment, 
they had been inseparable since kindergarten.
	“And...”  Sasami asked as the spring board finally arrived at its 
designated place in the storage room.  Misao looked up at her miserable.
	“Come on, say it.”  Sasami said gazing frankly back into her friends eyes, 
knowing how much she enjoyed this type of foreplay.
	“No, please don’t make me, mistress.”  Misao backed away from Sasami into a 
wall.  She started breathing even harder as Sasami cornered her smiling with 
a lusty grin. Rubbing her body against Misao’s before grabbing up a wad of 
hair.  Yanking it back, Sasami forced Misao eyes to look up at her and 
exposing her friend’s throat.
	“You know what I want to hear.”  Sasami told her watching tears form in 
Misao eyes and gently licking them away.  Hoping that this little pain would 
be enough for Misao.
	“Mistress, please.”  She pulled the hair even farther back and with one of 
her legs kicked Misao’s feet out from under her forcing Misao to her knees.  
“I... got...” whisper “wet seeing you on the balance beam.”  Sasami yanked 
Misao’s throwing her to the ground on her right side.  *I hope that is 
enough for her.*  She thought staring down at her friend.
	“That is my good little slave.  Now you have a present for me.”  Misao 
ducked her head and pulled something out of her pocket handing it to Sasami. 
  At first Sasami thought it was a long cat’s collar until she read the 
inscription on the I.D. plate.  “Property of Mistress Sasami.”  Misao 
blushed a bright red at Sasami’s feet.  *I wonder where she got up the 
courage to buy it?*
	“Put it on.”  She said holding the collar out to Misao who almost 
reverently fastened it around her neck.  Then flicked her head back to give 
Sasami a good look at it.  “Hmmm... I can’t quite see it.  Slave, take off 
your clothes so I can get a *good* look at your collar.”  Misao started to 
stand up, but was pushed roughly back down by Sasami.  “I didn’t say you 
could get up.”  Sasami continued to stare at her friend until Misao’s face 
had turned a permanent shade of red from blushing.  Misao pulled her top off 
slowly, making sure that Sasami had an unobstructed view, at the same time 
appearing timid and reluctant to undress in front of her.  Sasami 
impatiently grabbed up Misao’s hair again forcing her on to her tip toes 
with her left hand.  With her right she began to undress Misao hurriedly her 
need finally getting the better of her.  In seconds Misao stood before 
Sasami completely naked.  “Stay.”  Sasami ordered her as she walked around 
her slave admiring how Misao looked with the collar on and nothing else.
	“I am pleased with your gift, slave.”  Sasami pushed Misao’s hair aside and 
kissed her on the back of the neck.  Slipping a hand down the spine of her 
back causing Misao to shudder and tense.  *Why does she always require so 
much of this before she’s happy.*  Sasami wondered as her hand passed over 
Misao’s rear and touched her pussy testing to see how wet Misao was.  She 
should have known, the more that Sasami pushed, pulled, prodded, and 
humiliated Misao the wetter she got.  Misao was already on the verge of 
cumming.  Sasami’s hand just remained there gagging her friend as the other 
hand crawled around Misao’s quivering form and latched on to a nipple.  
Massaging and then twisting in equal measure forcing Misao to twitch her 
whole body.  “Stay.”  Sasami warned waiting for just the right moment 
continuing her ministration on the nipple until she felt Misao shudder in 
just the right way.  Forcing her fingers as far as they would go into 
Misao’s cunt she felt her orgasm.  Sasami smiled, delighted that she had 
been able to do this for her friend.  Knowing that if she had been standing 
in front instead of behind Misao she would have been forced to be angry.  
“Did you just come.  Without even pleasing your Mistress.  But I might 
forgive you.”  Sasami turned Misao around pushing her to her knees again.  
“If you please me.”
	“Yes, Mistress.”  Misao pushed Sasami’s leotard to one side using only her 
mouth and poked her tongue into Sasami’s pussy.  Sasami moaned slightly at 
the intrusion.  With out any real thought her fingers started to rub her own 
nipples through the thin fabric causing them to stick out in little pointed 
nubs visible through the cloth.  Sasami buried her other hand into Misao’s 
hair guiding her.  Gasping ever so slightly at the pressure that had been 
building in her since she had felt Misao’s eyes on her during the practice 
on the balance beam increased.  Misao slowly started to circle Sasami’s clit 
with her tongue causing her to buck just a bit and catch her breath.  Sasami 
closed her eyes concentrating on the feelings coursing through her body and 
shivering with every sensation.  She felt Misao’s hand wrap around her and 
anticipated the next feeling.  But even Misao knew how to torment her 
pausing she looked up at Sasami.  “Mistress, am I pleasing you.”  The girl 
asked looking up at the closed eyes of her lover.
	“Continue.”  Sasami huskily moaned, forcing Misao’s head back against her 
hips with her right hand.  Not even bothering to open her eyes.  Once again 
she felt the pleasure building up inside of her as Misao latched her tongue 
around Sasami’s clit and forced a finger into her ass at the same time.  
Sasami bucked wildly filling Misao’s mouth full of cum as she came.  
Reaching down she pulled Misao up from the ground and passionately kissed 
her, tasting her own juices, and the love of her friend.

***

	Sasami waved goodbye to Misao.  Her face still flushed from the pleasure 
given and received earlier.  She walked slowly home, enjoying the freshness 
of the night air.  She was finally sixteen and for some reason everything 
seemed new and different today.  Her eyes were alive soaking up the world 
around her.  Winding around streets that led the longest way home, she 
enjoyed life and her new found appreciation for it.
	When she finally got home, Sasami was surprised to see that the lights were 
on already. *I thought Sis said she would be shooting till after two 
tonight.*  Shrugging she opened the door to the house and walked in.
	“I’m home.”  She called out, kicking off her shoes and putting a pair of 
house slippers with little rabbits at the toes on.
	 “Hi Sasami.”  A blue haired young woman appeared before her.  She was just 
about Sasami’s height with the exact same color hair made up in a pair of 
long pony tails that almost touched the floor.  Behind her another woman 
appeared, slightly taller with hair a green almost cyan that was sticking up 
at odd angles.  “Its me your mom, Tsunami.”
	Sweat drop.
	“Um... excuse me, but I really must be going right now.”  Sasami said 
slipping the slippers off and putting her shoes back on.  Slowly turning 
around and walking towards the door as the cyan haired woman teleported in 
front of her.  Giving Sasami a feral grin while floating a few inches off 
the ground and flicking her tail.
	“Why don’t we go sit down, Sasami.  There is so much I want to tell you.”  
The one who called herself Tsunami grabbed Sasami’s arm and dragged her into 
the family room sitting down on the chair across from the couch.  But not 
before she had seen Sasami sit opposite of her on the couch.  The whole time 
her eyes stared at Sasami, burning her image into Tsunami’s mind.  As soon 
as Tsunami had sat down, the cyan hair woman who Sasami finally noticed was 
floating, stood behind Tsunami and rested her hands on the other woman’s 
shoulders.
	“You do have a picture of me somewhere, right.”  Tsunami asked.  Settling 
herself in the chair and giving a fond look up at the other woman when she 
felt the hands settled on her shoulders.
	“All of the pictures of my mom were destroyed a long time ago.  But I do 
know that you are to young to be her.  She would be in her forties at least, 
and you are maybe in your late twenties.”
	“Late twenties, I’ll have you know that I haven’t aged since I was 22 and 
that was over 300 years ago.”  The woman said leaning closer to Sasami.   
“We of the Jurai-Helm clan are the protectors and guardians of the Shinma, a 
race of demons.  Many years ago I was given that mission and now it is your 
turn.  To stop their overpowering sexual energy from being used on humans.”
	“I’m here to give you a birthday present.”  She held her hand out level to 
the floor.  “Appear!”  A flash of light and an odd baton was hanging in the 
air.  Carved of wood, devoid of color, and about two and a half feet long, 
with a small heart ingrained at the center.  Two rows of 5 black beads an 
inch in diameter each dangled from the heart.  She pushed together both ends 
of the wooden baton showing how flexible it was for wood able to turn a full 
180 degrees “as good as any mans penis and much more flexible.”  She turned 
around for a second and stared hard at the woman behind her.  Before holding 
the baton out to Sasami, who was edging towards the door.
	“Sasami, where do you think you are going.”  The cyan haired woman asked in 
a stiff voice.
	“Just to use the bathroom... hehe, uh, I guess it can wait.”  She hurriedly 
sat back down on the couch under the stares of the two women.
	“Now take the baton in your hand and call out *Sexual Magic Change* you 
will become La Blue Sammy.”  She said trying once again to give the baton to 
Sasami.
	“Um... No thanks, you can keep it.”  Sasami scooted as far away from the 
thing as was allowed by the couch.
	“Take it.”  The cyan haired demon ordered.  Showing off a large number of 
teeth including a set of fangs.
	“Uh... sure.”  Sasami picked it out of the other women’s hands with two 
fingers and held it away from her body.
	“Now call out Sexual Magic Change!”  Tsunami told Sasami excitedly.
	“Um... Sexual Candy Change.”  Sasami said holding the baton as far away 
from her as possible trying to think up a good excuse to drop it.
	“Sexual Magic Change.”
	“Ok... Ok... Sexual Magic Change.”   A bright pink light engulfed Sasami as 
her clothes tore off her body.  Black cloth began to rap around her body 
forming into a dark blue almost black leather corset and short skirt.  A 
bright red ribbon flashed into existence behind her.  Her hair lengthened 
and darkened a shade touching the red ribbon and swirling with every turn of 
her head.
	“Um... I hate to bring this up but shouldn’t there be a set of panties?”
	“No, its part of the hentai code. All monsters must have easy access to 
you.  It’s in their contract, why else would they let you destroy them with 
an easy magical blast sequence?”  The Lawyer waved a piece of paper at 
Sasami and then disappeared.
	“She looks yummy in the outfit.”  The demon said staring at Sasami and 
licking her lips.  Her eyes aglow as she stared at Sasami with a warm 
hunger.
	“Uh, how do I change back.”   Sasami jiggled uncomfortably in the outfit.
	“Hold on one minute.  Smile.”  Tsunami asked Sasami as she was blinded by a 
flash from a camera.  “Now all you have to do is just cut to a new scene 
like this.”

***

	“When a first born daughter of the Juraihelm clan reaches sixteen years of 
age she receives her mothers baton to fight evil and keep the Shinma sealed 
from Earth.”  Tsunami told her daughter smiling proudly the whole time.  
“I’ll leave the rest of the explanations up to your grandmother.”
	Sasami stared at the cyan hair woman incredulously.  *This is my 
grandmother.*  “Hey, don’t look at me kid.”  The demon told her.  “I’m your 
mother, not your grandmother.”
	“We’ve gone over this a hundred times Ryoko, you got me pregnant, remember. 
  I gave birth to her, so I’m the mother.  That makes you the father.”
	“But, I’m a woman.”  Ryoko told Sasami.
	“You just had to see how much fun it would be to be a guy and then fucked 
me for a whole month straight.  Did you expect me not to get pregnant or 
something.”
	“Hey, you weren’t complaining at the time and if I remember correctly you 
were the one who suggested the idea in the first place.  Always complaining 
how the Baton wasn’t enough and that you missed a dick.”
	Sweatdrop!  Sasami decided that now would be a really good time to escape 
from the two escaped mental patients and sneaked out the door.  While the 
fight continued on for a good five minutes.
	“Don’t you think she would made a terrible mom.  You should call me mom, 
Sasami.”  Ryoko turned towards the couch.  A number of black lines blinked 
around where Sasami had sat, outlining her former position.
	“Ryoko, could you go find her, I’ll make some tea.”  Tsunami stood and 
headed towards the kitchen.

***

	“Yes, is this the police department.”  Pause.  “I would like to report a 
break in.”  Pause again.  “Yes, they are still in the house...”   Crunch.  
Sasami stared at what had once been a bright green phone.  Doing her best to 
ignore the fact that the cyan haired woman had reached trough the glass with 
out breaking it.  She dashed out of the booth and into the headlights of an 
oncoming car.

***

	Sasami woke up on her futon.  Still dressed in a school uniform.  *It was 
all a dream.*  Something moved outside of her door.  *There’s nothing there, 
it was all a dream.*  She crawled off her futon and peeked out of the side 
of the screen.  Breathing a sigh of relief she opened the screen all the 
way.  “Hi Sis, how was the shoot.”
	“Sasami, did I wake you, sorry.”  Aeka apologized stepping out of the 
bathroom dripping water,  nude except for the towel on her shoulders.
	“How was the shoot?”  Sasami asked cautiously trying not to stare at her 
sister.
	“The director said that no one could do a rape scene like me.”  She smiled, 
wiping her hair with the towel.  Causing her breasts to jiggle a little and 
pull Sasami’s eyes to them.
	“Uh, that’s great Sis.  I really got to get some sleep.  We’ll talk 
tomorrow.”  She hurried back towards her room.
	“Happy Birthday, Sasami.”  Her sister called out as she headed the opposite 
direction towards her room.  The words fell on death ears as Sasami saw a 
pale wooden item on the other side of her futon.

***

	“The Baton has finally returned to earth.”  Ramia gloated to her followers. 
  “Our time is at hand to rule the twin worlds.”  Finally she could get her 
revenge on Tsunami, all she needed was the talisman.
	Ramia chuckled, as soon as she found the Talisman she would also find 
Tsunami’s first daughter.  She would make that bitch beg to be her slave and 
lead her on a collar in front of Tsunami.  No even better a matched set of 
slaves... mother and daughter.
	“Mistress we have narrowed the search area to a ten kilometer radius.”  
Ramia’s little brother Rumiya told her crawling at Ramia’s feet.  “There’s 
also an all girls school in the center of that area, she probably attends 
it, mistress.”
	“Dog,”  Ramia kicked him for punctuation.  “Of course she would attend that 
school.  Hmmm... that gives me an idea, we’ll need a submissive that goes to 
that school though...”

***

	“Okay people the student council has approved *our* idea for a magical girl 
show.”  Eimi paused consulting a schedule.  “We’ve got the two to three slot 
on the main stage.”
	“Ms. Twice has agreed to write the script for the show.”  A hand waved in 
the rear  of the room acknowledging the comment before continuing to write.
	“Ms. Mizuhara, your in charge of special effects.  No Explosions, please!”  
The brown hair girl nodded in acknowledgment.
	“Can I have Ms. Yume and Ms. Kagato to help out.”
	“Sure I don’t see why not.”
	“Costumes will be Modoka.”
	“I’ll need Lilly and Achika.”
	“Okay.  That leaves us 18 people.”  She paused again.  “Approximately ten 
people for scenery... any volunteers.”  She looked out at the raised hands, 
completely ignoring Sasami and Misao.  “1...4..7...thanks that’s good 
enough.  Now the rest will be in the play.”
	“As soon as we get a script out line.  We’ll vote on the lead.”
	“Tomorrow.”  The crazed writer yelled.
	“Tomorrow then.”

***

	Gymnastic had been grueling again.  Ms. Kiyone once more trying to make her 
students reach a perfection only she could see.
	Sasami had stolen a few minutes with Misao in the storage closet afterwards 
but just hadn’t felt like sex.  After a few minutes of kissing and petting, 
she walked away to take a shower.  Ever since her birthday she just hadn’t 
been in the mood.  Misao felt the difference in her mistress.  But had not 
brought up the subject yet.  If Sasami didn’t snap out of it soon, she would 
do something really *bad* and have her mistress punish her.  Just the 
thought made her feel a little hot and tingly.
	Sasami opened her locker changing into a short skirt and blue blouse after 
taking a quick shower.  Grabbing up Misao she burst out of the gym.
	“You feel like ice cream.”  Sasami asked heading towards a popular hang 
out.
	“Yes,” Misao whispered back latching on to Sasami’s arm as they walked down 
the road towards Abcb enjoying the stroll and talking about inconsequential 
gossip.
	“The plays only a week away.  You got your lines memorized Misao?”
	“I don’t like being the villain.”  Misao snuggled into Sasami’s side happy 
for the second time today.
	“Its odd how we ended up on opposing sides in the play.”  Sasami chuckled.  
“That’s just so weird.  We would never fight like that in real life.”
	“You know, I would never fight you.” She whispered into Sasami’s ear.  
”Mistress,”  Misao snuggled even closer into her friends side.
	“Or I you.”  Sasami opened the door holding it open for her friend.  Taking 
a table by the window, both of them stared out at the passing pedestrians.  
Madoka appeared from behind the counter and wandered up to their table, 
Sasami had forgotten that her class mate worked here.  While she ordered a 
scoop of coffee pecan ice cream, the bell chime behind her as the door 
opened.  Misao’s face suddenly went from timidly happy to neutral.
	“Hey Tenchi, the usual.”  The owner called from behind the bar.
	“Sure, and a bowl of hot soup, if Madoka made it.”  The dark haired youth 
answered sitting down at the counter accepting a cup of cappuccino.
	Sasami’s heart stopped for about ten seconds before she remembered to 
breath again.  Misao watched Sasami’s expressions change, jealousy coursing 
through her veins.  *At least that isn’t the cause of her sudden loss of 
interest in me.*  Misao thought sighing a breath of relief.  *It must be 
something that happened on her birthday.  Maybe I should just ask her.  It 
would distract Sasami from him.*
	“Sasami... um... Is there something wrong.  You haven’t been the same since 
your birthday.”  She whispered to her friend.  Tearing Sasami’s gaze from 
Tenchi.
	“I just have a lot on my mind.”  She said noting Misao’s look of concern.  
“Don’t worry.”  Sasami watching Tenchi out of the corner of her eye.  “Isn’t 
he handsome Misao, just like a prince.”
	“Sure.”  Misao agreed tearing into her ice cream.  While Sasami picked at 
hers.  Obviously fixated on something else.
	“Sasami, I just remembered something I have to do.”
	“Ok, see you tomorrow Misao.”  Sasami turned her full attention back to her 
friend and gave her a big smile.
	“Bye,” she left Sasami pretending to stare out at the pedestrians walking 
by the cafe.
	Misao headed home, her mind awash with thoughts of Sasami and jealously.  
Not paying any attention to her surroundings.  The two of them had been 
together for so long that to Misao, Sasami was her life.
	The door to her apartment was locked again.  Not that she expected it to be 
other wise.  Grabbing the key out of her book bag, she opened the door and 
walked into the dark room.  The lights turned on with a flick of her wrist 
showing a nice up town apartment and exposing a blinking answering machine.  
Groaning, she pressed the button, knowing already what it would say.
	“Hi Misao, I won’t be home till late again.  Order some food from the usual 
place.”  Pause.  “Make sure you do your homework.”  Pause.  “Honey don’t 
wait up for me.  I love you, mom”
	“Ah... was that you mommy slave?”  Ramia cooed out to Misao from a dark 
corner of the room.
	“Who are you?”  Misao asked timidly frozen in place like a deer in 
headlights.
	“I’ve come to recruit you for the Ramiahelm clan.  You are going to find 
Tsunami’s daughter for me, slave.  Now get down on your knees.”  Misao made 
a run for it, heading towards the door only to crash into Rumiya.  Grabbing 
hold of her, the kid dressed in a riot of colors pulled Misao in front of 
the older lady.  “Now, there won’t be any running away little one.  Your 
fate is already sealed.”  Jerking Misao’s hands together she pulled Misao up 
on to her toes and let go.  Somehow the hands stayed together leaving Misao 
exposed.  Admiring her captive, Ramia jerked Misao’s skirt to the floor 
which were closely followed by her panties.  Tears started to run down 
Misao’s cheeks as she blushed a bright crimson.  Worse by far was the fact 
that her body was betraying her already.  Her pussy glistening slightly with 
juices.  “Hmm... this little whore is wet already.”  Ramia murmured into her 
ear.  She grabbed hold of Misao’s blouse pulling it up over her head, 
effectively blinding her and exposing a pale white bra.  The woman grabbed 
the objectionable bra and forcefully removed it.  Misao unable to see and in 
her awkward position couldn’t maintain her balance and swayed painfully by 
her arms.  A muffled scream escaping her lips.  Muttering something Ramia’s 
finger nails started to glow.  She lightly caressed Misao’s breast with 
them.  Pain rippled through Misao’s body as she screamed again convulsively. 
  Ramia grinned slightly kicking her brother away from the girl who had been 
trying to get in on the action.  “She is my little slave.”  She told him 
running her finger nails down the sides of Misao’s breasts enjoying herself. 
  Misao’s feet gave out completely leaving her limply suspended by her arms. 
  Breathing rapid short breaths, that were choked with screams.
	Ramia took a step back letting the slave catch her breath.  It was 
necessary for the ritual that she was able to talk.  “Rumiya go get me 
something to drink from the kitchen.”  She kicked him to the ground for the 
pleasure of it.
	“Now Misao, was it.  I want you to agree to be my slave.”  She surrounded 
the girl with a spell enhancing her words so that they would be everywhere 
around the girl.  That her voice would vibrate all the right places and make 
her slave long for her touch.
	“Please... “  Misao moaned her mind experiencing and feeling so much more 
then when Sasami and her had played their games.
	“Slave, you must always refer to me as mistress.”  She whispered in Misao’s 
ear and yet her words seem to course through Misao’s whole body tickling her 
with pleasure.  Misao gasped at the feel.  Taking her glowing fingernails 
Ramia carefully traced down Misao’s spine sending the nerves it contained 
into convulsions, as if Misao was being ripped apart from the inside.
	Ramia accepted the glass of water from her brother breathing hard herself 
as her eyes became pin points.  Waiting for Misao’s body to stop squirming.  
She felt her own body begin to get wet.  Giving pain always had this effect 
on her.  Reforming someone’s mind to your standards.  Tsunami had never 
understand.  With the Baton that should have been hers, she could have ruled 
the Shinma, and this world from the shadows.  Forming everyone in the worlds 
mind as she wanted, ruling the sheep with out even their knowledge.  But 
Tsunami was the oldest and that bitch, their grandmother, had stopped Ramia 
from bonding with the Talisman.  She would get it and Tsunami’s child as 
well.  Then Tsunami, the thought made her need even greater.  She chuckled 
to herself.  Dumping the rest of the water on her brother she continued 
playing with Misao.
	“You want me, slave.”  Ramia shouted amplifying the pleasure her voice 
gave.  Pain and Pleasure that was the key to making a good slave.  The voice 
was enough after the earlier pain to set Misao into orgasm her chests and 
legs twitching her breath in gasps.  Ramia thrust her fingers into Misao’s 
clit as the orgasm took her changing the pleasure into screams of pain that 
lasted forever in the girl’s mind.  Even after she had removed her fingers 
from the girls twitching cunt.
	“Now slave tell me that you are mine.”  Ramia purred once again setting 
Misao’s body quivering from her voice.
	“Mistress, please, I am your slave.”  Misao cried, tears soaking through 
the blouse covering her head.
	“Good.”  Grabbing one of the girls hands, Ramia yanked it level to the room 
leaving Misao’s other arm in agony as it supported her whole body.  
“Appear.”  Ramia called out holding her hand as a black whip filled it.  
Decorated with a fan design at the hilt it was the best Ramia’s magic could 
create after three hundred years of attempting to replicate the original 
Talisman.  She shoved it into Misao’s hand.
	“Rumiya, this is were you come in.  Look in her eyes and take her mind 
forcing it to become one with the whip.”  Ramia’s voice still massaged and 
tickled Misao making her forget the pain in her arm.  The blouse that had 
been covering Misao’s eyes was pushed  down exposing her tear stained 
cheeks.
	Staring into her eyes, Rumiya felt the connection to the whip and Misao.  
Feeling the  magic snap into place.  Transforming Misao into a blond haired 
girl dressed in red leather straps complete to long spike healed boots.  A 
yellow feather protruded at an odd angle from her hair.
	“Now little slave all you have to do is decorate the hilt of the whip with 
your virgin blood and you will be able to call Shinma.”  Misao’s body felt 
alive from the transformation so many new sensations filling her and the 
words coming out of Ramia’s mouth didn’t help, instead of the horror she 
should have felt, all that her body could absorb was pleasure.  “Hurry up my 
slave you will do it one way or another before the night is through.”  She 
ran her finger tips across Misao’s breast as the pleasure in her words 
mingled with the pain of the spell.  Forcing Misao to come once again to the 
brink of orgasm.  Misao’s hand swept down to her clit still holding the 
whip.  All of her mind focused on obeying her new mistress and finding some 
needed relief.  She forced the whip’s handle into her clit and past her 
hymen drenching it in blood and cum as she bucked wildly an electrifying 
pulse sending her to new levels of pleasure she had only dreamed of before.  
Ramia released the spell that was holding her in the air and let her fall to 
the ground.  Misao continued to orgasm even on the floor for what felt like 
an infinite time to her.  Finally panting she kneeled before Ramia.
	“Mistress, how may I serve you?”  The blond haired girl asked.
	“Pleasure me.”

***
	Sasami sighed.  *Damn, I wish that I could have talked to him.*  The 
thought kept running through her mind as she walked towards her house.  *He 
was so cute, I should have said hi.  I’ll do it next time I promise.*  She 
opened the gate and noticed that once again the lights were on.  *Sis is 
home early.  That has to be it.*  After all how many times can insane 
visitors come to your home and inform you that their relatives.
	She cautiously opened the door.  “Hey Sis, you home?”  The house echoed her 
question eerily but gave no reply.  *Guess she just left the light on.*  
Taking off her shoes she headed towards the family room and the source of 
the light.  Sasami was still full from the ice cream and coffee she had 
picked at for over an hour while Tenchi had talked to Madoka and the owner.
	Rounding the corner of the hall, she saw a young girl with bright red hair 
sitting on her couch holding the baton.  Reasonably Sasami did a 180 and 
headed back towards the door, only to be blocked by a small ninja, maybe 
feet foot tall, clad in a dark blue ninja suit complete to a hood covering 
its face.
	*What is it with little kids invading my house, today?*  “Excuse me, but I 
forgot something in my book bag.”  Pointing towards the bag next to her 
shoes.
	“Miya?”  The short ninja asked.
	“Uh, yah...”  Sasami started edging around the ninja who moved to block her 
way.
	“Tsunami say you run away allot.  Miya.  Grandmother wants to talk to you.  
   You no run.”  The weird little ninja told her.
	“Grandmother?  But the only person in there was a little girl.”  Disbelief 
colored her voice.
	“That’s right, I’m your grandmother, Washu.”  The little red haired girl 
told Sasami.  “I’m also the World’s Greatest Sexual Genius.”  She proudly 
announced.  At the word sex Sasami jumped over the ninja, using him as a 
spring board, and ran for the door.  *Not another crazy, this is not 
happening!*  Opening the door took too long and the little ninja tackled her 
from behind knocking Sasami’s head against the door and letting in darkness.

***
	“Hi, this is Sasami.  In the next episode I’ll have to... What!  That is 
too gross... I won’t do it no matter how much you all try to make me.  I 
want to give that to Tenchi... The next episode is called “On the day of the 
play.”  And just who is that Slutty Misa any ways?”

Hit the back button on your browser now... ok I warned you.

	I hope you liked the story.  Please send all constructive criticism and 
praise to STRIKESTWICE@hotmail.com and send all flames and other such 
nastiness to my lawyer at BSaddress@nowhere.com.
	The check is in the mail Mr. Lawyer you can tell them to stop following me 
in the pizza truck.


