Tenchi Muyo!
Land of the -H-
Shot Two, Part One

Kuuta.T.Kutani
kutani@larimarcreative.com


===
Disclaimer:
Tenchi Muyo! and all the characters within are owned by AIC and Pioneer, and
are used here without permission.  So, don't take them and pass 'em off
as your own creation, or you're gonna be in trouble.
The story itself and ideas within are (c)2000 Kuuta Kutani.
===

===
Warning:
The following is a lemon.  That means it contains a number of hentai and
ecchi elements. (That is, sexual elements.)  If you don't like those sort
of things, then don't read this.  If you do, go ahead and check it out.
I won't bother telling you not to read it if you're "underage".  It won't
stop you anyway.  I know.  It wouldn't have stopped me.  Just remember
that you're not _SUPPOSED_ to be reading this, and can get in some deep
shit for it.  Oh, and if its illegal to look at this sort of thing where you
are regardless, I recommend that you don't.  But, it's all up to your own
discretion.  ^_^
===                                                   

===
Author Notes:
You may notice that this one is titled "Shot Two."  Yes, there IS a Shot One,
but its too dark and depressing, so I may never release it.
"Land of the -H-" is going to be a continuing series of hentai short stories
detailing many different possiblities.  All as realistically and originally
as I can.  This is my first real attempt at a lemon.  Tell me what ya' think.
And yes, there will be a Shot Two, Part Two

After some thought, this will be TV based, with a FEW OVA elements in it.
Why?  Because it's easier to write the old Masaki home, and I like Kiyone.
^_^
===




Washuu was tired.  She had been working on her latest project for almost
a week without breaks, and she desperately needed rest.  Right after she
finished this next stage of the process.

She concentrated on the calculations and movements intently.  If she messed
up now, the planet would be in serious trouble.  But, of course, Washuu
never-

"NO!"

She screamed and put her head in her hands, berating herself for the stupid
mistake that had now cost her everything.  She prepared for the end...

--GAME OVER--

"Shimatta."  Maybe she should get some rest now.  She turned off her most
recently aquired computer role playing game, got down from her floating
cushion, and headed for one of the lower levels of the current planet she
was on in her lab.

As she walked, she considered what she would do to relax.  She thought of
all the devices she had made especially for that purpose, and weighed the
benefits of each.  In the end, she decided on simply taking a refresing
nap.

Washuu grinned.  Simplistic, perhaps.  Not worthy of her scientic genius,
perhaps.  But when it was a nap in her custom made Sensibath, now that was
something worth her while.  Her grin became wider as she neared it.

---

It seemed normal enough on first inspection.  It was about four feet deep
at its deepest, and the edges were shored up like a beach.  This allowed
a person's body to be completely emerged when laying flat while keeping their
head above the water's level.  The fact that one could just lay in the pool
without moving was one of Washuu's deciding factors in selecting it.

Washuu made sure all of the entrances were sealed and Mihoshi-locked after
entering the bath room.  She valued her privacy emmensely. NO ONE could get
through her locks. Now, it was time for her 'nap'.

She undressed, placing her clothes in a subspace hole, and wrapped a bathing
towel around herself.  Just as she put it on, she decided that she was
safe enough to not worry about it, and placed the towel in the hole as well.
She walked to the water's edge.

Washuu was almost to tired to stand any longer.  After testing the water, just
to make sure it was the perfect temperature (And it was, of course.), she
lowered herself into the water, laying down on her back.

Yes, the water or, more properly, the sensifluid, was just right.  It looked,
felt, smelled, and tasted exactly like water.  In fact, it had all the same
nutritional benefits of water, and was completely non-toxic.  What should
one expect from Washuu-chan, the greatest scientific genius in the universe?
The truely genius part of the sensifluid, however, was the parts of it
that were in no way like water.

The Sensifluid contained billions upon billions of microscopic objects which
temporarily modified the nerve cells across every inch of skin that was
exposed to the fluid.  They dulled the pain sensations while amplifying the
pleasure sensations.

However, not even Washuu knew exactly what the objects were.  It seemed
almost impossible to classify them.  They behaved like parasites or viruses
in the way they altered the nerve cells, yet reproduced like bacteria, and
some parts of them even seemed to be mechanical.  Given the uses of the
fluid, it was the only thing that kept Washuu from releasing the substace
into the galactic market.  At least until she could learn more about possible
side effects.  Washuu always enjoyed aiding the galactic sex scene when she
could.

As she lay in the fluid, Washuu slowly became more aware of the currents
flowing throughout.  Pleased that the sensifluid was working correctly and
on time, she reached her hand up to touch her nipple... and ran into a
relatively well rounded breast.  She had had her mind so much on her new game
that she changed forms without even realising it.  Now, instead of having
the body of a cute thirteen year old girl, she now had the full body of a cute
and rather sexy seventeen year old.  She smiled and slid further into the
fluid.

She tried touching her nipple again, this time aiming a bit higher.  Washuu
later reflected on how good of an idea it was to heavily soundproof this
room even down to the subspace level, since the next thing that happened
was that she let out a glass-shattering scream of sheer pleasure that would
have caused any creature with hearing in the ultra range to go near-deaf.  No
human would have heard it.  And since she had almost total control of her
body, Washuu had it trained to take far more pleasure before reaching orgasm.

She smiled, but more from the strength of the pleasure than the pleasure
itself.  That is, it was far more powerful than when she had last tested it.
Filing it away in the back of her mind, she decided to worry about it later
and just enjoy it for now.

Washuu placed both hands just above her breasts, about an inch from the
nipples.  Bracing herself, she grabbed her two full breasts.  She pushed
and squeezed them, creating as much stimulation as she possiply could.
Any human happening upon the scene would have been in awe.  Washuu's mouth was
wide open, obviously screaming in pleasure, yet it was completely silent.
All across the pool the surface of the water was rippling, and it almost
seemed to be forming small waves.  All Washuu knew was her hands kneading
her breasts and the near-etherial pleasure she was feeling because of it.

After what felt to her like an hour but was only a minute in reality, Washuu
stopped.  Her breathing was very ragged, and her throat hurt like hell.
The breathing was no problem, it only turned her on more, but her throat
really was in pain.  She felt that it was worth it, though.  It would
heal itself shortly, anyway.

After she caught her breath, Washuu became aware that her legs were fully
spread apart, both releasing her own juices into the fluid and allowing
the fluid to flow completely over her sex.  Sensors embedded around the
pool were recording everything.  It would all make very interesting study
later, but now Washuu was more tired than before.  Mentally calculating
a few simple equations, she came up with a percentage to put into the
device specially made for the pool.

"Set SBOP to zero point oh eight nine percent, and begin."

A computerized version of Washuu's own voice responded.

"SensiBath Omni-Pulsator set to 0.089%.  Beginning in thirty seconds."

Washuu cursed at the machine in two different languages per second for the
entire thirty.  As the machine began its work, Washuu closed her eyes and
let the pleasure wash over every inch of her body.  She moaned and cried
out with the good feelings that began at the top of the pool and slowly
worked their way down her body.  She was in absolute heaven.

The SBOP was a sound device that fired extremely low frequency sound waves
over the surface of the pool, increasing and decreasing the water pressure
in quick pulses.  When used on the sensifluid, the entire pool became like
one giant vibrator that worked on the entire body and not just the sexual
organs.  However, because of it's nature, it could not pulse the entire
pool at once.  It had to slowly work from the surface of the pool to the
bottom.  Washuu was working on a way to fix that.

By now, the pulsing had reached Washuu's navel, and the only sound she was
making from the complete upper-body pleasure was a constant low moan.  She
was completely oblivious to everything else around her.  She could not
imagine a greater physical pleasure than what she was experiencing now.

That is, until the pulsing reached her clit.  She yelped in shock, but
quickly enough fell into the rythm(DYT!) of the pleasure, unable to
hold her toungue.

"S-s-s-s-s-u-u-g-g-g-o-o-o-i-i-i..."

Her pleasure increased more and more as the pulses reached futher and futher
down her pussy.  Her breathing came only in extremely loud moans, and they
were coming faster and faster.

"I-"
Faster.
"I-I"
And faster.
"I-k-"

Washuu felt like she was going to explode from within, the pleasure was so
excrutiating.  Suddenly, her breathing stopped.  She took one long inhale.
Held it.

"I-I-I-I-"

And came.

"IIIKKKKUUUUU!!"

Everything went black.

...

When Washuu finally came to, she was still in the pool, although the pulsing
had ended.  Despite her exhastion, she turned over on her stomach and began
crawling out of the pool to dry land.  She simply collapsed near the doorway,
and said absently to herself, "Now... THAT... felt... fucking... good..."
She closed her eyes and prepared to pass out again.

"Oh, I absolutely agree, Miss Washuu.  I just LOVE this swimming pool.  How
does it work?  How can I turn it back on?" came another voice in the room,
the owner of which was breathing more heavily than Washuu was.

Washuu wasn't very tired anymore.


