aefigueroa@miavx1.acs.muohio.edu (Knight of the Black Rose)

This story has some pointless sex in it because it's stupid.
However, it was fun to type and might be fun to read.
  If you want to read something funny, read this and laugh everynow and then.
  It's pretty cool.
                           
                           
                           The Search for Tenchi
                             Washyuu's Revenge

Author: He did it

The sound of bad porno music is heard...

    Mihoshi, dedicated member of the galaxy police, sat in her command
seat, staring at the monitor in a bored stupor.  Sighing, she brushed a
lock of blonde hair out of the way of her blue eyes so she could see the
monitor better.  With her vision cleared, she could now read the data
saying that Washu's ship had been found, and that meant Tenchi would be
there because it was doubtful Washu had abducted him for any reason other
than for herself.
    Smiling at the prospect of meeting Tenchi again, Mihoshi slipped one
slender tanned hand down into the panties of her blue uniform.  She lighlty
ah'd in pleasure as she caressed her clit with her fingertips.  The other
fingers of her hand found their way into the wetness between her pussylips. 
She giggled lightly and opened the front of her uniform, grasping her right
breast and groping it so that the nipple hardened.  Mihoshi began grasping
for breath and then started squealing with pleasure as her orgasm rocked
her body.
   The ships landing gear buckled as hit the planet's surface with far too
much speed.  The shock absorbers barely managed to compensate.  "Be
CAREFUL!" The AI module hanging from the ceiling yelled at Mihoshi.
   "Sorry," she said, cringing and looking about ready to cry.
   The AI groaned and wondered if it would ever be able to win. "Look don't
worry, just be more careful next time.  I'd recommend caution.   There are
several lifeforms outside the ship although they don't appear to be armed."
   "I'll take care of everything!  You just watch the ship." Mihoshi turned
and lowered the ramp to the surface.  After she descended to the surface,
she looked around delightedly as she saw what a beautiful lush forested
world it was.  She didn't see any people around though like the computer
had suggested.  Now, she only needed to find Washu's ship and sneak aboard.
   From behind the ramp, several natives appeared.  Warpaint covered their
faces but that was all they wore.  The three of them surrounded Mihoshi as
she began looking for the correct language translation setting in the
fluffy tuft that had been mounted on her rear which she now held in her
hands.  It transformed into a myriad of items.  The largest native grunted
something, distracting her from her task.
    He growled incomprehensibly and thrust his stiff cock forward with his
hips.  Mihoshi looked confused for a moment, but then she grasped the cock
in her right hand and shook it. "Hello," she said, wondering if that was
their custom.
    The natives groaned in frustration.  The leader pointed to Mihoshi's
mouth and then to rock hard cock, muttering something in his native
language.  Finally understanding, Mihoshi leaned forward and took his penis
into her mouth.  Her tounge immediately went into action, licking the
phallus with quick well placed strokes.  The other two natives lowered her
pants and panties.  One crawled underneath her, and bent over backwards, he
slipped his cock into her now wet and slimy pussy.  He began slipping back
and forth inside her, thrusting upwards with his legs and arms which held
up his bent over form.
    The other native simply stood behind her and thrust his penis up into
her ass, lubricating it with an ejaculation of semen.  A blast of cum shot
into her hot pussy from the native underneath her as semen began filling
her mouth from the phallus she was licking there.  Cum dribbled down her
chin as it dripped from her crotch and rear.  The lead native began
unbottoning her shirt and grabbing her breasts.  She began squealing with
delight, tightening her cunt and ass over the cocks there while sucking on
the one in her mouth.    
    Moving to the ground, Mihoshi lay on her back on top of the native who
wiggled his cock in her well lubed buttocks.  The other native now moved
into a near sitting position on her as he thrust in and out of her warm and
squishy pussy, causing her shapely boobs to bounce around on her chest as
she slurped the cock of the lead native.  Globs of semen dripped from the
sides of her mouth as more came spurting in, and the large penis was sucked
in leaving no room for the cum.  The natives working her nether regions
each squirted another load into her warm insides before they became
exhausted and pulled out.  Mihoshi took one final lick at the penis leaving
her mouth in order to clean off the gleaming globule of jism that remained.
"Tastes like chicken," she thought.
    She buttoned up her shirt and then reached for her pants.  Before she
could put them on, two of the natives shot their tounges into her pussy and
up her ass to clean up their dripping cream which ran down her thighs along
with her own fluids.  The tounge lapping up the cream in her pussy sent her
into another orgasm causing her to squeal and release more liquids. 
Mihoshi didn't mind though, and respectfully let them carry on with their
tradition.  "What friendly people," she thought to herself as she finally
put her panties back on followed by her pants.
    Leaving the natives were they lay, Mihoshi pulled out her Locater and
followed the signal of Washu's ship.  The craft lay only three clicks away
in a ravine within the forest north of her.  She began her journey,
wondering what she'd find when she finally got there.

                                   -----

    Washu stood in the ship's laboratory, smiling evilly.   Tenchi was
anchored by his wrists and ankles to plush cushions on the floor, wearing
nothing but his jocky shorts.  He looked like your average Japanese high
school kid except there was an expression of great worry as he watched
Washu stroll across the room towards him in her white nurse's uniform,
humming as she went.  Washu stood hardly five feet tall, had spiky lustrous
full red hair, and was a thousands of years old scientist although she only
looked like a deranged teenager.
    "Well, Tenchi, it's time for that semen sample.  I must discover the
House Jyurai secrets, and this is a task that is unfortunately unavoidable. 
Please bare with me," she said, tearing off his jockies with a loud rip. 
Using her left hand, she stripped off her nurse uniform, leaving her
nurse's cap as the only thing on her body.  Reaching to the shelf on her
right, she drew a beaker into the open.  This is made with my own special
lubricating formula.  Please be honest with me, and tell me what you think. 
A muffled scream escaped Tenchi's gagged mouth.  Holding the beaker to her
neck, Washu emptied the contents all over her front, giving a her body a
glistening wet look.  Wasting no time, she moved over her prey and began
lubing him up with her body.  All hint of resistance left Tenchi's suddenly
serene face.
    Moving down to his hips, she grasped his shining wet boner in her right
hand, and then Washu placed his cock between her lubed breasts and began
jacking him off.  Tenchi began making muffled gasps as he felt her bosom
sliding up and down his shaft and her hard pink nipples rubbing up and down
his wet sides.  She did this for almost a minute, but then stopped, not
wanting him to come all over her, at least not yet.  Crawling over him she
removed his gag, and then lubed his face with her crotch.  Leaning forward,
she whispered, "Time to extract that sample." She grabbed his cock and
lowered her mouth over it.  Holding the base, she licked the head with the
experience of centuries and jacked him off at the base.  Her left hand held
his balls and played with him.  Tenchi knew he wouldn't be able to stand
this for long, but instead of using his powers (which had defeated Kagato,
a really nasty villian) to escape, he slipped his tounge up into her pussy
and attacked her clit with the tip.  A moment later, he creamed her mouth
with his shot of load.  Washu picked up her pace, wanting to drain all she
could.  After he stopped coming, she slowly dragged her lips off his penis,
careful not to lose a drop.  Her eyes then widened with surprise and she
nearly spit out her prize as Tenchi's tounge sent her into orgasm.
    Standing up (barely), Washu sat down on Tenchi's lap, facing him.  She
reached to her right to grab an empty beaker in which to deposit the
sample, holding his cock in her left hand.  She guided her pussylips down
around his penis and raised the beaker to her mouth.
    "I've found you!" Announced Mihoshi.  Stepping into the room, she held
her blaster forward and switched on the lights.  She then stopped, her
mouth hanging open.  Washu's widened eyes stared at her as if unseeing. 
Tenchi waved weakly and couldn't quite find the sounds to say, "hi." The
empty beaker in front of Washu's face began to waver slightly.
    An energy sword suddenly plunged through one of the Exodine walls. 
Molten metal poured down around the edges.  A few feet down, an explosion
caved a makeshift doorway inward.  The purple-haired Princess Aeka walked
through the doorway wearing warpaint and full battle garb.  Holding her
energy blade, Ryouko entered as well, only visible through the smoke as a
taller outline of Washu with glowing yellow eyes.  The smoke then cleared.
    Aeka's eyes nearly flew from her head as she saw Washu mounted on
Tenchi.  She then fell over backward with a blank stare on her face. 
Ryouko's face began reddening immensely, building up for a reaction that
was guarenteed to leave nobody unscathed.  Her mouth opened wide, and her
voice filled the room.  She screamed with rage, "Wha..."
    Able to contain it no longer, Washu's lips exploded forward, spitting
out a spray of cum.  The blast was centered on Ryouko although a few drops
hit Mihoshi.  One globule slid down her cheek, getting no reaction from
her.  Ryouko, however, was speechless and covered with dripping jism.
    "Mom!" Ryouko screamed. "He was mine!" She aimed her glowing sword at
Washu for emphasis.
    Mihoshi stared blankly.
    "Now look what you've done, Ryouko," Washu told her. "He's going limp."
    "Good," she said running forward. "Then it won't hurt him if I do
this!" She sent out her kick to hit Washu who vanished and reappeared by
the far wall.  Off balance, Ryouko's foot slammed into Tenchi's hip.  He
screamed quite loudly.  Ryouko's face flashed with surprise. "Sorry!" She
then turned to Washu. "Now to finish you!" Ryouko released a cracklingy
beam of power that headed for Washu at little less than the speed of light.
    Washu stood, seemingly unreactive, as her mind accessed her
multidimensional computer and set up a force field network in front of her. 
The beam hit one force wall, bounced off it to hit another, and was
redirected towards Ryouko. "Shit!" She screamed, diving for cover as the
beam sizzled through the air and grazed her.
    Washu was laughing at her so hard she didn't notice the shadow creeping
up on her from the right.  Aeka's fist swung out, catching Washu in the jaw
and knocking her cold. "Bitch," Aeka said, holding back her tears as she
turned to the bound Tenchi.  Ryouko was by his side apologizing for the
kick.  One of her hands was slowly creeping down his body. "Ryouko!" Aeka
screamed.
    Mihoshi stared blankly.
    Ryouko slid her lithe body onto his bound form, spreading his slick cum
from her onto him.  "Washu forced herself upon you didn't she?  I'm so
sorry.  I wish there was a way I could make it up to you, Tenchi." Ryouko's
hand slid down their bodies and carressed his hardening cock.
    "Ryouko....," Tenchi managed.
    Suddenly, Ryouko felt her panties being removed, and a pair of fingers
found their way into her wet pussy.  A naked Aeka shoved her fingers in
hard and managed to push Ryouko off Tenchi.  Her other hand grabbed
Tenchi's excited hard on.  Guiding it into her slit, Aeka sat down on his
lap.  She smiled down at Tenchi as she felt him lengthen up into her.  "I'm
the one who loves you best," Aeka told him wistfully.  Ryouko rose to
protest, but Aeka shoved her fingers into Ryouko forcefully again.  The
blue-haired demon fell back down and groaned in ectasy.
    Fluids began dripping down onto Tenchi as Aeka slid her pussy up and
down his shaft.  She fell forward onto him and continued humping him with
her hips.  His own body lifted his butt up off the ground to grind with
her.  Aeka loved the feel of her breasts on his fluid slickened chest, and
Tenchi loved the feel of her hardening nipples.  Their tounges met as they
kissed each other with passion.  They gasped for air as her pussy
contracted on his cock, and he squirted sticky globs up over the walls of
uterus.  Their fluids flowed down from her to pool on him.
    Ryouko was now quite mad although dripping with excitement.  Pushing
Aeka forward and off his cock, Ryouko mounted herself on his shining shaft,
and began pumping him with enthusiam.  Tenchi not quite aware, noticed that
Aeka had moved forward and began sucking on her firm nipples.  "This ought
to keep you occupied Ryouko though as she leaned forward and slid her
tounge up into Aeka's pussy.  The tounge carressed the walls, licking up
the cum, and then moved to play with the clit which sent Aeka into begging
for more.
    As Ryouko's pussy had nearly brough to Tenchi and herself to another
orgasm, Washu's hands gripped Ryouko's buttocks off his dick, and took it
into her mouth just as he came.  Spurting semen flew into Washu's mouth,
and she sucked away as hard as she could.  Cleaning the head with her
tounge.  She raised her head off him and heard Ryouko's vile cursing. 
Washu guided Tenchi back into Ryouko, sending her into the orgasm which she
had been denied.  Tenchi was in heaven as her pussy spasmed about his cock.
    Washu dribbled the jism into her beaker and plugged it with her
stopper.  She locked it away into her safe where it should be safe from
almost anything.  Ryouko's tounge which had never left Aeka's pussy, sent
Aeka into an orgasm from which Ryouko drank up all the rewards.  Licking
her lips.  Ryouko dropped Aeka's butt down onto Tenchi's chest and leaned
forward to rest on Aeka's back.
    As Washu stripped the stunned Mihoshi, nobody was aware enough to care.
Washu forced Mihoshi's mouth open and frenched her.  Trading Tenchi's cum
with native semen, they tasted of each other deeply.  Mihoshi quickly
caught on though as Washu placed her on back and got into the sixty-nine
position.  Washu's tounge entered Mihoshi cunt which was full of native cum
as Mihoshi's cum lined mouth sent its tounge into Washu's unsatisfied
vagina.  Their tounges worked wonders, sending each into heavenly orgasm.

                                  The End
thank god
-- 
--I--am---      \ /     Deep in the heart of Darkness   \ /
Darksphere      (|)     Is the luckiest Star.           (|)
----------                                  
Soaring to the sun       <>  Dirty Pair * Ranma * Nadia * U.Y. * M.I.
With blood upon my wings <>  * Lady Death * Gold Digger * Razor * Shi

