cmadill@gpu.srv.ualberta.ca

	This is a lemon fan fiction featuring some of the characters of 
Tenchi Muyou.  Since it _is_ a lemon fanfic, it contains EXPLICITLY 
SEXUAL SCENES.  If this type of thing bothers you, do not read any 
further.  And if you do, and get offended, it is now your fault, not 
mine.  ^_^
 
*******************************************************************************
                    TENCHI MUYOU LEMON FAN FICTION:
                          "THE PRICE ONE PAYS",
                                 DAY ONE
 
                         BY CRAIG RILEY MADILL
*******************************************************************************
 
	Masaki Tenchi wearily lays back on his bed.  The room is dark, 
the sun having set several hours ago, but the young boy is yet awake.  
Despite the intense activity of the day, he's not yet ready to sleep.  
The morning had been blissfully quiet, the girls happily out of sight and 
out of mind; he had spent it repairing a wall accidentally destroyed by 
Ryouko the day before.  After lunch, however, things were back to 
normal.  Aeka-san and Ryouko decided they would help with weeding the 
fields, yet both of them seemed unable to tell the difference between the 
carrots and the weeds, despite much supervision and tutoring from 
Tenchi.  Though he felt a little guilty in admitting it, he had been 
relieved when they finally got bored and wandered off bickering.
	At supper, things got worse, rather than better.  As it turned 
out, after Aeka-san and Ryouko had left Tenchi alone in weeding what 
remained of the field, they had challenged each other to a cooking 
contest.  Tenchi was to be the judge.  First, they argued on how they 
should set the table, then on who got to serve their victim first.  The 
later was eventually, and partially, resolved by a combat game of 
paper-rock-scissors.  Aeka-san won, but Ryouko refused to let her feed 
Tenchi first, for what if he lost his appetite from eating "Aeka's putrid 
cooking" (Ryouko's words, not his).  Peace, however fleeting, was 
eventually obtained by having each girl serve him in turn.
	Midway through the third course, Tenchi, no longer able to 
suppress his body's natural reaction to the food, ran off to the 
bathroom, where he was violently ill.  Still feeling sick, with a 
terrible stomach ache, he had then gone to bed early.  The girls had 
wanted to keep him company, but thankfully Wasyuu-chan had kicked them 
out.  Despite his fears that she was going to take advantage of his 
illness (and of him), all she did was give him something to get rid of 
his stomach ache.  However, something about her smile made him feel that 
he would end up paying for her help anyway, with interest...
	Then again, that seemed to be the case with every thing that 
happened around here.  The girls seemed to eat like horses and drink like 
fish; adding to that the continuous repairs to the house, they made very 
expensive guests, using up virtually all the money Tenchi received from 
his father to tend to the household.  Thankfully, they all owned their 
own clothes, so at least he didn't have to worry about that...
	This last thought is interrupted by Tenchi's stomach, which had 
finally decided to stop playing possum and make itself known with a loud 
growl.  <Hmm, that's right,> thinks Tenchi <not much of what I ate stayed 
down.  I guess it's time I had some _real_ food to eat.>  He gets out of 
bed and leaves the room, padding through the twilight, intent on going 
down stairs and doing just that.
	He pauses for a moment just outside his door as he hears a slight 
noise coming from the room next to his, the room Sasami-chan and Aeka-san 
share.  He waits, motionless, barely breathing, listening in the dark, 
silent hallway, unsure if he had simply been imagining things.  When the 
sound comes again, a low quiet gasp, or sigh, he knows that he hadn't 
been.  <Poor Sasami-chan... she must be having another of those 
nightmares.  If only her older sister would get her head out of the 
clouds and stop being so selfish, Sasami-chan could use her help.>  He 
goes over and quietly raps on the door.  Getting no response, he slides 
open the door and sticks his head inside.
	The room is dark, what little light there is comes from the crack 
between the closed curtains.  As his eyes adjust, he is surprised to find 
that Sasami is sound asleep in her bed.  It is Aeka who is awake, sitting 
on the bed, her body turned away from the door.  "Umm... is Sasami-chan 
all right?"
	Aeka startled slightly at the sound of his voice, but did not 
turn to look at him.  "Yes, _she's_ fine." she said, much more bitterly 
than she had intended.  <Why can't he ever notice me?  Why can't he 
notice how _I_ am doing, for a change!>
	Tenchi, hearing the strain in her voice, enters the room and 
walks up behind her.  "Uh... how about you, Aeka-san?  How are you?"
	Aeka blinks in surprise.  She wipes her eyes with the back of her 
hand and tries to turn calmly towards him.  "I'm fine."  The moonlight, 
sifting through the gap between the curtains, illuminates her tense, 
pretty face, highlighting parts of it, leaving pools of shadows in 
others, making her seem incredibly pale.  Tenchi puts his hand on her 
shoulder, but she brushes it away.  "I _said_ that I'm _fine_!" she 
responds, raising her voice slightly.  Her little sister Sasami stirs at 
the noise, moaning softly and rolling over in her bed.
	Tenchi shifts to leave, but stops himself.  <I'm sure something's 
wrong...>  Instead, he takes her hand in his and, when she begins to 
protest, he silences her by placing a finger to his lips and looking at 
the slumbering Sasami, slumbering under her comforter.  He tugs on her 
hand, helping her to her feet and drawing her out into the hallway with 
him.  Shutting the door behind them, he turns to her and says, "What's 
wrong, Aeka-san?  Something is..."
	Aeka merely shakes her head, turning away and looking down at the 
floor.  Her whole body is rigid, tense.  "Aeka-san..." Tenchi says 
disapprovingly, causing her to look up at him, just for a moment.  Yet 
that is enough for him to see the tears in the corner of her eyes and the 
quiver of her lower lip.  He guesses that she would like to flee, that 
she probably would if he weren't holding her hand so tightly.  Grimly, he 
decides that he will not let her run off, not until he finds out why she 
is so upset.  <This may finally be the chance to understand the chaos 
that seems to surround me, ever since I sprung Ryouko from her prison.  
As well, Aeka-san is my friend, and I doesn't like to see her so down...>
	Deciding quickly that the hallway may not be the best place to 
have such a discussion, he reluctantly opens the door to his room and 
pushes her inside.  He sits her on the far end of the bed, then returns 
to the door.  After peering furtively and suspiciously into the shadows 
of the hallway, he slides the door shut and sits down on the bed, as far 
from Aeka as possible.  "Please tell me what's wrong, Aeka-san..."
	Aeka merely stares at her lap.  Then, after a long period of 
uncomfortable silence, she begins to speak.  The unnatural calm of her 
voice that hints that she is straining to keep her emotions in check.  
"It's her.  That _witch_, that crone...  I've had enough of her whining, 
and insults and..."  After a brief pause, Aeka continues, more quietly, 
her voice strained, "She's so insensitive of others!  I just wish she 
would leave me alone.  She's so cruel, making a fool out of me like that, 
all the time.  I'm tired, I'm tired of..."
	She stops, a muffled sob cutting her off, tears starting to run 
down her pale cheeks.  She tries to stifle them, tries to resume talking, 
but they keep coming, a trickle at first, but more and more as her calm 
facade breaks away in large chunks, showing the tattered web of feelings 
underneath.  She covers her face with her hands, as if to hide her shame, 
as her shoulders heave in silent sobs.  Tenchi, feeling as useful as a 
pair of left-handed gloves, reaches out and puts his hand on her 
shoulder, seeking to comfort her.  This seems to destroy what little self 
control she has left.  She clutches his shoulder tightly in her thin 
fingers, rumpling his t-shirt, and buries her face in it as loud sobs 
wrack her body.
	After a number of very uncomfortable minutes for Tenchi, Aeka's 
sobs become more drawn out, then stop.  She begins to speak again, her 
voice heavy with anger and frustration.  "I'm sorry... this... this isn't 
normal... for me.  But, but that, that _bitch_...  I..I don't know why... 
usually she doesn't bother me like this.  I have to tougher, not let her 
get to me.  I have to be stronger, if I'm going to win against that demon 
wench, I can't..."
	Silence. 
	"Well, she does bug you a lot, I guess it must pile up after a 
while..."  More sternly, "Though it's not _all_ her fault... you can be 
quite mean to her as well.  Why's it that you two just can't ever get 
along?  Why must you always be so cruel to each other, why're you always 
at each other's throats?"
	Aeka looks away from Tenchi, her head still on his shoulder.  
After a short pause, she answers, very softly. "Because we both want the 
same thing."  Before Tenchi has a chance to ask what that might be, she 
quickly continues talking.  "I was so set on being Youshou-oniisama's 
first wife, ever since I was about Sasami-chan's age, it was all I ever 
wanted.  But now, but now...  Now that I have finally found him, that is 
no longer possible, because... because he was too old, no longer the 
beautiful young man I remembered..."  She stops, and shakes her head, 
slowly, as if thinking about what she just said.  <No, that's just part 
of it.  As well... as well, I've found someone else, someone special...>  
She quickly stops that train of thought, blushing.
	The silence drags on, accumulating like some vicious form of 
compound interest.  Nervously, Tenchi speaks up, using the first thing 
that comes to mind.  "First wife?  Uh, oh yeah, I remember you saying 
that there was some law that said Jiichan needed to marry two women."  
Realizing that he had as much admitted to eavesdropping on a private 
conversation, he gives a tense laugh, scratching the back of his head.
	Aeka either doesn't notice or doesn't care.  She responds, still 
looking away, but her head still pillowed on his shoulder, speaking very 
softly.  "Yes."  <Not just him, but you as well, must marry two women.>  
"One from Jurai" <I can only hope...>, "and one from the other worlds..."
	Tenchi smiles and cheerfully smacks his palm.  <She must still be 
upset about not being able to marry Jiichan.  Well, that explains half of 
the puzzle.>  "Then things are clear with you.  What about Ryouko?"
	Aeka gasps and pulls back sharply.  "WHAT!?!  NEVER!  I would 
rather DIE than... than..."  She stops, the whole reality of his words 
sinking in.  Tenchi looks at her as if she has suddenly grown another 
head, or changed sex, or something equally weird, but she does not 
notice.  She stares at him, her eyes shimmering.  Then, leaning her head 
against his chest, she asks, her voice and body quivering with 
nervousness, "T..Tenchi-sama... do you really mean it?  What... what you 
just said... about... about...?"
	Tenchi thinks <It is good to have _that_ all sorted out> and nods 
happily.  Aeka virtually squeals with delight, "Really!  Oh, thank you, 
Tenchi-sama!"  She hugs him tightly and kisses him on the mouth, so 
enthusiastically that she tips Tenchi over onto his back.  Tenchi, after 
a brief struggle, manages to separate her mouth from his, holding her 
heart shaped face in his hands.  <I expected her to be grateful to have 
someone to talk to, but this _is_ a bit much!>  
	"Uh, Aeka-san... _what_ are you doing?  Are you _sure_ about 
this?  You're still young, there is still plenty of time..."
	Aeka hugs herself to him even more firmly and nods.  "Yes, I'm 
sure.  Of course I will marry you!"
	Tenchi, however much he may have wanted to reply, could not.  His 
eyes were too busy swallowing the rest of his face as they bugged out to 
the size of saucers (the flying kind).  To make matters worse, his jaw 
felt like it had taken a leave of absence from his face and his tongue 
had tied itself into a set of knots that would have made a boy scout proud.
	Aeka's face slips out of his nerveless hands and she bends 
forwards to kiss him on the mouth.  Giddy from his 'proposal', she 
deepens the kiss when she finds his mouth open.  Suddenly, she stops and 
pulls back, sitting up and pulling away from Tenchi.  <Is this right?  I 
have waited so long, saving myself first for Youshou, then for Tenchi... 
what harm is there in waiting a little longer?  What harm...?  I love 
Tenchi, and now I now he loves me as well... what can be wrong about 
that?  And if we want to, if I want to...> she blushes furiously, <what 
can be wrong with that?>
	Slowly, she undoes the front tie of her outer kimono, holding out 
her hand and letting it slip out of her fingers onto the floor.  Slowly, 
but efficiently, she removes the kimono, depositing of the heavy garment 
in a like manner as she did her sash.  She repeats the process with her 
lighter inner kimono, leaving herself clad only in a sleeveless and 
legless body suit and a pair of socks.  Then, approaching the still 
shocked Tenchi, his hands clenching at nothing like upturned crows feet, 
she gently kisses him on the mouth, and stretches herself forward, 
molding the front of her body to his chest.
	Tenchi, finally getting a hold of himself, manages to stammer, 
"Uh, A..Aeka-san..."  Aeka takes away his words by deepening the kiss, 
slipping her tongue into his mouth, running it across his teeth.  She did 
not want anything to ruin this special moment.  Her soft hands slide 
under his t-shirt and caress his body, running along the bare skin of his 
sides, chest and stomach.
	Tenchi whimpers softly, unsure of what to do.  Blushing, he 
thinks, <Sure, I like her touch, but...>  Resolving to end this, he 
lowers his hands to her shoulders, and pushes on them, trying to get Aeka 
into a sitting position, a position in which they could talk, any 
position, but this one...
	His plan, worked, up to a point, up until Aeka shifted backwards 
to maintain her balance.  She planted one hand on the bottom of his 
abdomen, to stop from pitching over sideways, a move which suddenly, and 
decisively robbed Tenchi of his strength.  Aeka gasps, but was happy to 
find that she had not laid her hands on  Tenchi-ken, but on Tenchi 
himself.  Tenchi could do nothing but whimper, his eyes closing tightly, 
all plans of righting Aeka suddenly dispersed.
	Aeka goes back to kissing Tenchi, half on and half off of him.  
With one hand, she runs her fingers through his short hair, the other 
gently stroking the front of his pants, rubbing the material against her 
latest discovery, his growing length.  Noticing that his hands were once 
again grasping at nothing, she guides them to the sides of her body, 
placing them on the soft material of her chest hugging body suit, Jurai's 
version of female undergarments.  His fingers clutch at her reflexively, 
pressing into the thin fabric and the malleable flesh underneath.  He 
unconsciously slides his hands up the silken material, up to the bottom 
of her breasts.  Blushing slightly to herself, Aeka helps guide his 
fingers to and into the opening of her garment, relishing the fine 
tingling sensation that they evoke on her bare skin.
	Tenchi  slides his  fingers higher along Aeka's soft, warm skin. 
He groans softly, not fully in control of his own body, hardly believing 
what he is doing, liking the new sensations but also feeling guilty, 
somehow, for doing so.  He cups her breasts, his fingertips straining 
just a bit higher, almost reaching her nipples.  Then they do go higher, 
his palms brushing against her nipples. 
	Aeka shivers, but not from being cold.  Bending forward, she 
pushes up his t-shirt, kissing the bare expanse of his stomach, her soft, 
warm lips working their way up his torso as she pushes up his shirt.  Her 
hands run over your bare chest, feeling the ridges of his muscles and the 
contours of his lean frame.  Her breath catches as her nipples harden and 
become increasingly sensitive to his touch.  Finding herself suddenly too 
warm, despite having just disrobed, she pauses to push her body suit off 
of her shoulders.  She shifts her weight to draw it down her legs and 
off, tossing it aside.
	Tenchi's hands stay with Aeka, lightly caressing her flesh.  His 
fingers revolve, until they find their way to your nipples, lightly 
caressing them.  He sighs her name softly, engrossed in the divine 
nakedness of her body, hardly believing what he is doing, but unable, 
unwilling to stop.
	Aeka smiles as she hears her love whisper her name, and moans at 
the attention his fingers are giving her breasts.  She reaches backwards, 
stretching slightly, and, intentionally this time,  places a hand gently 
in the middle of his crotch.  His firm member presses out against her 
palm through the thick cotton of his trousers.  Running her fingers along 
the mound in his pants, she seeks to define its form, to memorize it with 
the soft touch of her finger tips
	Tenchi leans forward, upwards, his mouth seeking her firm, plump 
breast.  He takes it hungrily, his lips taking her satin flesh, his 
tongue tasting it.  His hand slides down her side and across her belly, 
down to her crotch.  Aeka shivers, and sighs pleasurably, stroking Tenchi 
through the heavy cotton of his pants.  Then, recklessly, she undoes his 
cord belt and works the trousers down off of his hips.
	Tenchi slowly begins to rub his fingers between Aeka's legs, 
running their tips across the smooth skin around her sex.  Aeka gives a 
small groan and pushes her pelvis forward against his hand.  Encouraged, 
gratified and excited that she seems to enjoy what he is doing, his hand 
moves to cup her intimate area in his palm, which rubs against it as his 
fingers continue to slip across her silky skin.  His other hand slides up 
across her smooth back, pulling her chest closer and deeper into his 
mouth as his tongue swirls around and over her nipple, his teeth biting 
her breast lightly.
	Aeka moans and stops what she was doing, shivering.  Then, 
collecting herself, she gets his trousers down and off of his legs.  She 
then turns her attentions to his underwear.  She draws his boxers down 
off of his hips, which frees his erection.  Her attention diverted, she 
takes him in her hands, feeling his length.  Tenchi's eyes snap down to 
his crotch.  He moans, arching his back, hardly believing what her touch 
is doing to him.  Aeka gasps, surprised at his reaction as well.  But she 
is given no time to contemplate this as Tenchi's fingers probe her 
crotch, splitting her labia and sliding across her inner lips.
	Aeka gasps.  She begins rubbing one hand up and down Tenchi's 
shaft as the other cups his testicles.  She runs her thumb across his 
engorged head, and rubs the bead of moisture she finds there into its hot 
surface.  After it disappears, she finds the skin to be quite dry, so she 
brings her fingers into her mouth, moistening them and then runs the wet 
digits over the tip of his sex.  Tenchi gasps, releasing her breast, then 
attacks her mouth with his, kissing her hungrily, his tongue thrusting 
past her teeth and twining with her own.
	Aeka responds eagerly and glues herself to him, her pert breasts 
and hard nipples pressing against his chest.  Her fingers continue to 
clutch him tightly, and the tip of his shaft brushes up against her own 
sex as she hugs herself to him.  Tenchi's eyes, wide with desire, fix 
themselves on hers as his hands slide to her hips, clutching them 
tightly.  He lifts her slightly and positions her above him.
	Aeka trembles, with both nervousness and desire, her features 
flushed, as she closes her eyes.   Then, guiding his penis with her slim 
hands, she lowers herself onto his sex.  She stops as his swollen member 
presses uncomfortably against her hymen, unsure of what to do, not 
wishing to increase the discomfort but at the same time unwilling to stop.
	Tenchi sweats heavily, tense.  Not knowing why Aeka has stopped, 
and unable to hold himself any longer, he thrusts his pelvis up towards 
her and pulls her hips downwards.  He forces his way past her tightness, 
filling her, his penis sliding into her warm interior.  She cries out 
sharply as he pushes past her hymen, tearing.  Alarmed, he stops and 
looks at her face, his own reflecting his concern.
	Blinking back the tears gathered in the corners of her eyes, Aeka 
holds Tenchi tighter.  Ignoring the sharp pain, she lowers herself on the 
spear of his member.  Surprisingly, the discomfort seems to be 
disappearing, being replaced by a warm feeling.  She moans as the 
pleasant feeling washes over her, unlike anything she had ever felt 
before. 
	Aeka gasps again, this time with pleasure, as she settles herself 
on him fully, her love canal enveloping Tenchi's entire shaft.  She moves 
slowly , rocking forward, then back, drawing his cock in and out of her.  
Tenchi moans, deep inside his throat.  His eyes shut tightly, he thrusts 
his hips up against her.  As she speeds up, they are both panting, their 
bodies colliding, his cock thrusting into her, then sliding out again.  
Their sweaty bodies rub together, her hard nipples leaving a fiery trail 
on his bare chest.  Tenchi moans out her name, as Aeka's fingers dig into 
his shoulders.
	Tenchi groans and quickens the thrustings of his hips.  The 
intense, pleasurable feeling builds within him.  He thrusts deeply into 
her, again and again.  Aeka's entire body tenses and her back arches 
drastically as she screams out her climax.  Tenchi, the last portion of 
his control stripped away, empties himself within her.  Then, as the warm 
glow of their pleasure fills them both, they relax.  Aeka slumps 
down onto his chest, curling up against him.  He hugs her softly, 
tenderly, and gazes at her, fondly.  Noticing that her breathing had 
slowed and that she was drifting off into sleep, he kissed on the 
forehead and stroked her hair. 
	"Aeka-san" he whispers.  Slowly, careful not to disturb her, he 
draws the comforter over them.
	Aeka now asleep, Tenchi is free to pursue his own thoughts.  He 
smiles to himself as he gazes at the young woman whose head is pillowed 
on his shoulder.  <Wow.  I never would have guessed... Aeka likes me... 
Things are bound to be different now, between us two, now that this has 
happened.  Oh well... she is very pretty...>  Then, his stomach growls, 
reminding him once again that he had not eaten.  Looking at sleeping 
Aeka, her head on his shoulder, her arm sprawled across his chest, he 
notices that it would be impossible for him to move without waking her.   
Smiling at her, and to himself, he thinks, <Oh well, I had better not 
wake her.  I guess I do have to pay for the good times as well as the 
bad.  This time, however, I would have to say that it was worth the 
price.>  Then, yawning, he curls up with the violet haired princess and 
closes his eyes.  The soft edges of sleep find him quickly and he dozes 
off, contentedly.
 
	Underneath the desk, there is a soft "Miyaauuu!"  Two small eyes 
peer out into the darkened room, watching the two humans on the bed.  
Then, after a brief pause, the small rabbit like animal hops across the 
room.  It jumps into the door, colliding with it and falling backwards, 
slightly stunned.  It backs up and tries again, this time successful 
jumping through the wooden barrier.
 
---The End of Day 1 of the Price One Pays---
 
-------------------------------------------------------------
	For those who are less familiar with the Japanese language (no 
mean feat, I tell you), here are some translations of some of the few 
Japanese words I used.  For those who are curious, I left these 
untranslated because I felt they gave a better indication of the way the 
character's speak than their English equivalents.  As well, I feel it 
makes me seem more sophisticated. ^_^
		oniisama	=	older brother
		jiichan		= 	(as used here) grandfather
		Tenchi-ken 	=	Tenchi's sword/sword hilt
	Also used are a number of honorifics.  While it is beyond me to 
give a precise definition of each of them, I am able to rank them in 
order of respect and formality.  chan -> kun -> san -> dono -> sama
	This may be a bit more plot-intensive than most lemon fanfics. 
Despite the fact that I have the characters doing things you would NEVER 
see them doing in the anime, I tried to portray as true to the originals 
as I could.  For me, it wasn't so much the lemon part of the story that 
interested me.  Indeed, I would have been a whole lot more comfortable if 
it hadn't been a lemon at all, but that would have been cheating. <grin>  
The idea that originally grabbed me was what would happen to the complex 
web of relationships between Tenchi and his house guests if sex were 
introduced to the picture.  I will explore this further in continuations 
to this fanfic, should inspiration strike again and if reactions are 
favorable to this one.
	Of course, I must lay the blame on those to whom it belongs, 
those who have aided and abetted me in my literary endeavors.  The prime 
perpetrator is Darren Demaine, who has urged/encouraged me  in getting 
this written, as well as helping with ideas and editing.  No doubts he 
has been sending me subliminal messages as well.  ^_^  I also must accuse 
Richard Hempsey of helping me come up with the concept in the first 
place, so many months ago.  Last of the guilty are Rob and Lee, charged 
with general hasslage and weirdness.
	Hopefully, this should get me welcomed to the esteemed halls of 
the Hoard o' Hentai, that pinnacle of twistedness.  Watch out for future 
Hoard o' Hentai productions!
	I appreciate all comments.  Please E-mail me!  PLEASE!  Please, I 
beg of you! ^_^  Anyway, I will read and respond to all feedback, be it 
flames or praises, death threats or monetary awards.  At the very least, 
it will help me know when to flee the country before the lynch mob gets 
me.  ^_^
	By the way, sorry for the long comments section.  I promise never 
to do it again... maybe. ^_^
-------------------------------------------------------------
Please e-mail your thoughts and opinions to me at 
cmadill@gpu.srv.ualberta.ca.
 
People can also hassle me on AnimeMUCK, but I will make that more 
difficult by not telling you who I am there.  Bbbbeeeeuuuu!  ^_^
 
Craig Riley Madill
Dr. Ruminahui, the shrink with a spear.
 
The most important of BAKA's (the Banzai Anime Klub of Alberta) 
non-essential members.
 
Member of the 'Cute Girls with Glasses' fan club.  Prime subjects of 
worship: Hououji Fuu (Rayearth), Yoriko (Taiho) and Hasegawa Sora (A!MS!)
-------------------------------------------------------------
This is a perfect plan... all I have to do is laugh!
	-Ibuki, Blazing Transfer Student
-------------------------------------------------------------
 

