The management of this station is not responsible for the views expressed in 
the following half hour long commercial.  This message is intended for our 
mature viewers and should not be watched by minors, parental discretion is 
advised.

And now live from Washu's Hentai Laboratory Inc. we give you:

The Sasami Lemon Drug,

	Washu walked out on to the stage holding a mike to the applause of the 
studio audience.    "Hi everybody, today I'm offering you a very special 
piece of merchandise.  The Sasami Lemon Drug,  Have you ever wondered how a 
little eight year old girl can suddenly turn into a raging nymphomaniac.  
Previously, only available in small test runs we are offering to you for 
mass consumption The Sasami Lemon Drug.  Yes I am a genius."  The audience 
applauds again.
	"Through the marvel of modern science.  I have completed a whole line up 
of 
drugs that can be mixed or matched as needed."  She pulls out a chart.
	"The first type is the readier... a requirement in almost all fics it 
makes 
Sasami a "woman."
	"The second type is the enlarger coming in two types... hips and breast 
enlarging by the size necessary one ounce equals one inch or so.  This type 
is also well used by a number of lemons."
	"The third type is a basic aphrodisiac, no explanation necessary."
	"The forth and last type is an area aphrodisiac released by Sasami after 
being injected by the formula.  Good to put Tenchi or someone else in the 
mood too."
	"And now for a couple testimonials:"  Washu points to a screen behind her 
as a tape rolls.
	"Hi, its me Tank Cop, I used a combination of all the basic products 
offered in the Sasami Lemon Drug Package.  In my Sammys Little Secret and 
look what I have accomplished, two MISA awards.  I want to thank Ms. Washu 
for her great product."
	The audience applauds as the screen turns gray.
	"And of course  who could forget the first trial of the drug... done by 
Mike Swanson."
	"Thanks Washu, I feel honored to have been allowed to use the drug in At 
the Carrot Patch, when she came to me with the Sasami Lemon Drug and asked 
me to test  it the drug was still in its experimental stages.  I remember 
how the hip enlarger had the odd side effect of enlarging Sasami's ass.  But 
hey, I turned a side effect into a major plot point.  Now a days though the 
drug is a science.  Thanks Washu."
	The audience applauds again.

***

	The show changes to a commercial mode.
	"If you order the Sasami Lemon Drug now.  Washu has authorized the 
following kit.  Four of each drug.  Plus a second kit for FREE.  Also do to 
a surplus of fic Sasami's were throwing in a Free, that's right Free, Sasami 
from your favorite series.  Also a how to video tape and this wonderful 
autographed collection of the best ten Sasami lemons.  Now you might pay 
$200 dollars for this whole kit but today and today only we are offering it 
for only the time on your modem.   That's right where can you beat a deal 
like that.  And now back to Ms. Washu."

***

	"And now a demonstration bring out Sasami, Bob."
	Announcers voice.  "Today's Sasami was stolen from OAV3 of Pretty Sammy.  
The weakest of the trilogy."
	"Hi Sasami, and welcome to the show!"
	"Uh... Washu, what is going on."  She asked staring nervously at the 
studio 
audience.
	"Sasami, your my test subject for the new vitamin shot I'm trying to 
sell."
	"Don't want to."
	"If you don't I'll tell everyone your Pretty Sammy on live TV"  She 
whispers into Sasami's ear.
	"Sure, Washu whatever you want."   She said without enthusiasm.
	"Okay I'm going to use a combination of the readier, enlarger, and the A."  
She winks her eye at the audience.  And preps the shot.  Then quick as a 
flash piecing the needle in Sasami's arm.
	"Oh... that hurt Washu."
	"Okay since this is TV we can't show you all that happens but we do 
have... 
tadah."  A white screen is dropped from the top of the stage hiding them 
except for the shadows a spot light cast from behind them.
	"Washu, I feel weird."
	"Don't worry Sasami."  From the shadows cast on the screen you see 
Sasami's 
breasts and hips start to enlarge.  In mere seconds she goes from cute eight 
year old to a sex bomb.
	"Washu will you play with me."  Sasami asked huskily.
	"Of course..."  You see Sasami's shirt being removed.  "My what big tits 
you have..."
	"The better to lick them..."
	"My what big hips you have..."  You see Washu's shadow take off Sasami's 
Skirt.
	"The better to hold onto..."
	"My what a big dic... Oh god something must have gone wrong."
	"The better to fuck you with Washu."
	"Sasami.... Oh Sasammmmmmi....."  You see the shadow of Sasami grab onto 
Washu and begin to fuck her for about thirty seconds.  (Hey what do you 
expect staying power on someone who has never used one before?)
	"Now where the fuck is that Fan Fic writer who cast me in this lemon.  I'm 
going to give him an anal lobotomy."  The curtain is swept aside revealing 
Washu on the ground and a very pissed off but big breasted woman with too 
much equipment.
	Hurriedly from the announcer, "The management is not responsible for the 
views expressed in this commercial.  No cabbits were killed in the making of 
this drug.  Though a number were harmed."
	The TV test tone of bars and sound appear on your screen.

Hit the back button on your browser now!

	Note: this is the Omake for La Blue Sammy.
	Hey special thanks to TankCop and Mike Swanson for allowing me to use 
their 
names in my fic.  I hope you enjoyed it.  Contact me at 
STRIKESTWICE@hotmail.com



