Disclaimer:  AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. owns Tenchi Muyo and all 
characters.
So please don't sue me I'm just a poor college student.
This is actually my second fan fiction.  The first one "A Trial of
Friendship." (Shameless plug) is still being written.

	Send all C&C to arcaj@planetjurai.com or arcaj.hotmail.com

     ******WARNING This Fic Contains Some Lemon Content!!!******
        If you are under 18--STOP READING IMMEDIATELY!!!!!!
Special thanks to my pal and pre-reader, juliuscm, who kept me honest.
Special thanks to fellow FF writer Chris Davies helped with the update.
Note: One character or another may be more insightful than usual. So 
don't get upset when you see it.

P.S. Look for extended Author's notes in the Special Section "X" after 
the story. ^_^


					Tenchi Muyo!
                   Every Lesson Learned - Version "X"
                             Episode 1
				   By Arca Jeth

The late spring morning at the Masaki Shrine was glorious as
usual. Many of the flowering plants were in full bloom and the
others were well on their way. Trees, full of green leaves swayed
gently in the breeze while small woodland creatures nursed their
young.

One thing, however, was out of the ordinary. The house which was built 
by Nobuyuki Masaki was strangely silent. No peals of laughter or shouts 
of anger escaped the walls. There were no sounds of television programs 
nor were there explosions of battle. The house was empty save one young 
lady.

Aeka, First Princess of the Jurai Royal family, stood up from her 
labors on the large front porch. Her long amethyst hair was tied back 
and placed in a hair net. She placed her hands in the small of her back 
for a good vertebra-popping stretch. Bending down once again, she 
retrieved her bucket and scrub brush.

A week of menial labor had finally cleared her conscience. She was now
convinced that Ryoko's condition wasn't really her fault as everyone 
had tried to assure her. Aeka walked into the house to a broom closet 
where she shed her rubber gloves and apron, placing the latter into a 
clothes hamper.

Upon entering the living room, she found that Sasami had set out some 
tea, and snacks for her before leaving. She sat down and unleashed her 
long ponytails and poured herself a cup. As she brought the fragrant cup
to her lips, her mind wandered back to the events of the previous week.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

[One week ago]
It had been a normal day for Aeka. She got up, took a bath, dressed in 
her usual stylish, yet modest fashion, and helped Sasami clean the 
breakfast dishes. Kiyone and Mihoshi had the weekend off and dropped by 
to discuss their plans for their upcoming vacations. Katsuhito had taken
Tenchi to the Shrine for sword practice, so Aeka sat with Nobuyuki and 
listened in.

"I have a great idea," Mihoshi beamed. "Let's take our vacations at the 
same time Kiyone. Then we can spend the whole time together."

"Like hell we will!" Kiyone bristled.

"Well I think it's a great idea," Nobuyuki added. "Spending time 
together away from the stress of work can really bring you two girls 
closer together. That's why I attend my company retreat every year."

"Getting closer is just what I want to avoid." Kiyone said deadpan.

"Oh it'll be fun Kiyone; you'll see." Mihoshi cheerily continued. "I 
heard about this great amusement park in France. It has a lot of cool 
rides and shows and a big talking mouse. Don't you think that's great? 
And we don't have to worry about big crowds or anything because hardly 
anybody goes there!"

Mihoshi failed to notice the group face fault.

Later that day, Aeka sat next to Ryoko, who had slept in--again, 
watching a rather torrid soap opera. Both girls leaned closer to the 
screen as the devoted, yet sexually-deprived, housewife was about to 
kiss the ruggedly handsome mail carrier. Just then, her husband walked 
through the door catching them in the act, and the ending credits 
started to roll.

"What?! that's it?" Ryoko exclaimed flailing her arms in exasperation. 
"I just wasted my whole afternoon on this!"

The space pirate's wild movements managed to knock a glass of sake 
right into Aeka's face, totally drenching her.

"Ryoko you ungainly klutz! This is my favorite kimono!" She screamed 
quickly getting up.

Seeing the Princess dripping wet with her fists clenched tightly
at her sides, Ryoko burst out laughing. Aeka was not amused.

"You did that on purpose, didn't you?"

"Of...of...of course not Princess," Ryoko tried to catch her breath. 
Then in a quieter tone, "Hey accidents do happen."

Aeka's temper cooled slightly, considering this.
"But they're never this damn funny!" Ryoko doubled over guffawing.

Instead of answering her with a swift, violent death, Aeka stalked
upstairs to change.

*That Ryoko is so immature. She probably hasn't got a serious bone in 
her body.*

Aeka fumed as she searched her closet for an appropriate change of
clothes. Something that would accentuate her eyes perhaps. Or maybe her
hair. Something to make Tenchi notice *her* more than that demoness's 
gaudy outfits; or lack thereof. To show that much cleavage had to be 
illegal somewhere in the galaxy. Aeka laughed to herself, imagining that
was the real reason for Ryoko's Most Wanted status.

Her mood turned sour as she disrobed and saw her body in her 
full-length mirror. She wondered how long it would take her figure to 
completely fill out, or if it already had. Not that she had no figure, 
but for all her bluster about understated beauty, she wished that she 
could have just a little more of a bust line.

Deciding to get back to dressing, Aeka began to pull out an ornate, 
violet kimono when she noticed a slight bulge in the stack of blankets 
on the closet shelf. Annoyed at the slightest imperfection, reached out 
to smooth it but found some resistance underneath. Curious, Aeka reached 
under the blankets until she extracted a smooth wooden box. Upon further
examination, she noticed that it had a silken ribbon around it and a tag
bearing her name.

*Where could it have come from,* she thought, removing the lid. 
Inside, she found a card that read:

"Hello sweetie! It's your Mommy! I saw this on
my last trip to Alzoc 3 and I knew it was just
perfect for you. I just know it will help you
get a certain young man's attention, and quite
possibly a proposal. I know you can do it.
Love,
Mommy."

Aeka face faulted. Why couldn't her mother stop meddling? She loved her 
but it was starting to get embarrassing. Apprehensively Aeka parted the 
tissue and lifted out and article of lingerie so sheer it made her blush
even to touch it. It consisted of a white lace teddy with the lace in 
all the right/wrong places. Also there was a white garter belt, with 
matching stockings, and long gloves.

*I couldn't ware this under my clothes, much less for Lord Tenchi.*

She started to replace the items and close the box when a thought 
occurred to her.

*Maybe it wouldn't hurt if I just tried it on. Mother did go through 
all that trouble getting it here.*

Deciding to be adventurous for once, the princess set about figuring 
out how to don the undergarments.^_^

Tenchi Masaki tiredly dragged himself down the Shrine steps, exhausted 
and sore from sword practice.

"I know Grandpa's just trying to teach me to be a better swordsman; but
does he have to be so good at it," Tenchi wondered aloud as he rubbed 
one of the numerous lumps on his head.

Steeling his nerves, he entered the house. Almost immediately Ryoko
materialized with her arms around him and started rubbing against him
provocatively.

"Tenchi! Why did you leave me alone? It was so mean, I missed you!" She 
said.

"Well sorry about that Ryoko but you know how Grandpa...Hey! Cut that 
out!"

Tenchi pulled Ryoko's hand away from his crotch.

"But Tenchi, I thought I'd relieve all that stress from practice. It's 
not good for you to keep it all inside," she said, going for his pants 
again.

Tenchi was saved when Sasami called, "Hey everyone, dinner's ready!"
"All right, I'm famished. How about you Ryoko?" Tenchi asked hopefully.

At first, he thought she would persist but the promise of a home-cooked
meal won out and Ryoko headed for the dining room. Relieved, Tenchi 
started for the bathroom to wash-up.

"Hey Tenchi," Sasami called after him.

"What is it Sasami?"

"Could you tell Aeka that it's time to eat?"

"You haven't seen her?" Tenchi inquired.

"No, but she's probably in our room."

"Okay, sure!" Tenchi headed upstairs.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

The room was dark; lit only with the occasional flashes of light when 
the full moon cleared the clouds in the undraped window. Tenchi looked 
lovingly into her eyes. She felt so naughty in this outfit. The tight-
fitting fabric was so sheer it was nearly transparent. Aeka was 
straddled atop the bare-chested Tenchi, pleased to feel the proof of his
love pressing against her abdomen. Feeling her urgency and readiness, 
Tenchi pulled her down into a long embrace. Tears sprang to her eyes as 
she told him all of the things she'd been too afraid to say during the 
day.

"Lord Tenchi," she whispered. "I've wanted to tell you how much I love 
you for so long; but..."

"Hush Miss Aeka." He placed a finger on her lips. "No words are needed. 
Your beauty has opened my eyes. I declare my love for you my Princess. 
For tonight, I exist only for your pleasure."

The lovers moved closer for a tantalizing kiss.

"Miss Aeka."

Aeka stood before the mirror dreaming of her "first time" with Tenchi 
while the object of her affection was gently knocking on her door; 
wondering why she didn't answer.

"She must be asleep or something." Tenchi said to himself.
Deciding to be a bit bold, Tenchi reached out and slowly slid the door 
open.

Aeka's hand slid from face and trailed over her hardening nipples. She 
began a slow turn admiring her reflection, when she looked up.
A pair of Ruby eyes met a pair of dark brown eyes the size of dishpans. 
A full 60 seconds passed as the two stood petrified. They might have 
remained that way indefinitely had Sasami not chosen that moment to 
yell:

"Hey, are  you guys coming down or what? Your food's getting cold!"
That finally broke Aeka's paralysis and she let loose a window 
shattering scream.

*HOW DARE YOU!?*
"Miss Aeka, I...I...I..." Tenchi stammered backpedaling.

*GET OUT NOW!!!*

Acting from pure instinct, Aeka scooped up a book from a near-by shelf 
and hurled it most accurately at Tenchi's previously injured head; 
knocking him out-cold. As he slid to the floor Aeka ran up to him in a 
blind rage, unaware that she was still half-naked, and began throttling 
him. ^_^

After that Aeka's memory got fuzzy. All she could clearly recall was
Tenchi's bobbing head, Nobuyuki's huge eyes, and Ryoko's raucous laugh.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Two hours later, Sasami had finally coaxed Aeka out of her room for a 
late dinner and a trip to Washu's lab.

"Come on Aeka!" Sasami tried to sound extra cheerful. "Washu has a new
experiment wants us to see."

"I'm not really in the mood for this Sasami," Aeka protested. But the
blue-hared girl would hear nothing of it and Aeka allowed herself to be
ushered into the cavernous confines of Washu's sub-space lab.

The princess barely registered the pint-sized genius's lengthy 
explanation.

*Lord Tenchi won't even look at me. How can I face him now?*
Aeka wanted to go to him and take back the hateful things she'd said
but couldn't bring herself to do it. The way he'd stared at her; 
without the common decency to avert his gaze. No one had looked at her 
like that since... 

*But that was in the past. And she's been dead for years now.*

A poke in the ribs snapped Aeka's train of thought.

"Hey Princess, I never knew you had it in you." The golden-eyed pirate 
said into her ear.

"Just what is that supposed to mean Ryoko?"

"Just what it sounds like Princess. To tell you the truth, I probably
couldn't pull off that little number. Think Tenchi got an eye-full?" 
Ryoko said, winking suggestively. "I do not give shameless displays of 
skin just to please males, unlike some manner-less harlots." Aeka 
retorted loftily.

Ryoko grabbed her shoulders and whispered once more. "I think you 
enjoyed it. You felt that same sexy thrill I get when he notices my 
body." 

Ryoko failed to notice Aeka's face growing redder by the moment.

"Tell me Princess; did it make you *hot* Tenchi seeing you that way? 
Did it make you feel all wet in your little, sacred, royal..." SLAP!!!

The force of Aeka's backhand slammed Ryoko into a console.

"Hey, no fighting in the lab!!" Washu bellowed, making her way across
the lab.

Meanwhile, Ryoko pulled herself out of the crater she'd made in the 
console with a grin and a feral gleam in her eyes. Aeka belatedly
realized that this was exactly what the pirate wanted (not that she 
cared at the moment).

"Good, I needed a workout today."

After cracking her knuckles Ryoko hurled an energy ball at the princess.

Aeka's miniature log shield was at such a high level that the ball 
reversed course and smashed into the pirate, who happened to be hovering
one foot off the ground. Ryoko was thrown backwards and abruptly 
vanished. Aeka crouched in a combat stance anxiously awaiting a counter 
attack. But none came. Washu, finally making it to that corner of the 
lab, began fiddling with the console sporting a Ryoko-shaped dent.

"Gotta get her back, gotta get her back!" she repeated to herself.

"'Get her back' from where?" Tenchi said coming over.

"Weren't you listening to what I just said about my experiment?"

"Well...uh...not really. I was kind of...preoccupied."

Throwing him a disgusted look, Washu began pulling the guts out of the
machine.

"My experiment was on the effects that a black hole's event horizon 
might have on a near by pulsar. Since the nearest pulsar is three 
sectors away, I created both it and a black hole in an alternate 
dimension."

"What does that have to do with  Ryoko disappearing?" Tenchi asked,
scratching his bandaged head.

"It means that Ryoko must have tried to teleport away from that energy
blast. But when she smashed my machine, the black hole's event horizon
collapsed causing an energy feedback loop in the sub-space network! 
That made my pulsar unstable and it began generating large amounts of 
Zeta-band radiation which overloaded the Dimension Tuner's control 
circuits!"

"Huh?" everyone said simultaneously.

Washu was still poking at the machine's innards.

"What I mean is Ryoko's stuck in that dimension and this thing won't 
turn off because of the power surge.

"Oh! I get it now." Mihoshi said walking towards a power conduit.

"You do?" Kiyone asked incredulously.

"Sure. If too much power is your problem then all you have to do is 
shut off the power." And she pulled the machine's plug.

"NOOOOOOOOO!" Washu wasn't quick enough.

Ryoko dropped in from the ceiling.

"Whew. Glad that's over!" Ryoko said getting to her feet(not noticing 
her strange, green glow). "What's with you guys?"

All Washu had time to say was "DUCK!" before a massive explosion shook 
the lab.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

When they all woke up, aided by Washu's chibi mecha puppets, they were
shocked to find Ryoko inside of a clear, cylindrical chamber.

"Why is Ryoko locked up?" Sasami asked worriedly. "Is she in trouble 
for picking another fight with Aeka?"

"Not at all Sasami." Washu said, still picking bits of glass and wire 
from hair. "Though it would serve her right. She's in there for her own
protection. It turns out, that she came in contact with that wild pulsar
and now her energy levels are all screwed up. To be blunt, she's leaking 
worse than Chernobyl!" Washu chuckled.

"How can you make jokes at a time like this Washu!?" Tenchi said 
angrily as a Washu puppet applied another bandage to his head. "Will she
be all right or what?"

"Of course she will. I *am* the greatest scientific genius in the 
universe!"

"You're the best Washu!" "A" said pulling Tenchi's bandage too tight.

"Greatest in the universe!" "B" said hopping up and down on his bruised
shoulder.

"Ow! Watch what you're doing!"

"She'll be fine Tenchi. The power regulation process is time-consuming 
but not difficult. Especially for a genius as cute as me!" Washu 
exclaimed with large eyes.

"Um...Little Washu." Aeka spoke up. "How long will she have to stay in
that contraption?"

"Oh a week or so, give or take a nano-second." Washu said off handly.

But Aeka didn't look at all convinced. After Washu tended to everyone's
wounds and shooed them out of the lab, Aeka still fretted. Even after
everyone agreed that the fight wasn't her fault but was indeed 
instigated by Ryoko, the princess sat by the door for hours.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

[The Present]
Back in the living room, Aeka set down her cup and stared, once again 
at the empty house. It was strange how the place had emptied out over 
the past week.

Tenchi was, of course at school during the day. And since Aeka had 
taken on most of her chores, Sasami had begun taking Earth history 
lessons from Katsuhito at the shrine. And Kiyone and Mihoshi would have 
been starting their vacations today. Washu, meanwhile was still in the 
lab attending to Ryoko.

Sighing her loneliness, Aeka picked up one of Nobuyuki's architecture
magazines to thumb through when the doorbell rang. And continued to 
ring as if someone were leaning on it. Aeka made her way to the door 
getting more irritated with each ring.

*How impolite! to keep ringing the bell like some ill-mannered child. 
I've got half a mind to...*

Her thoughts broke off as she composed her face in her most polite 
smile. She slid the door open to Mihoshi standing there staggering under
the weight of several travel bags.

"Mihoshi, what are you doing here? I'd thought you'd be on vacation 
with Kiyone." Aeka said as Mihoshi stumbled in starting a small 
avalanche of luggage.

"I think I missed my ride." She said in a quivering voice.
Aeka noticed for the first time, that Mihoshi's knees were trembling 
and there was moisture at the corners of her eyes. She looked as if she 
was barely holding herself together and at any moment she might...

"WAAAAAAA! She left me behind!" Mihoshi cried out, her knees buckling. 
She wrapped her arms around the princess's legs and sobbed into her 
kimono. Unsure of how to comfort the distraught blonde, Aeka sank to her
knees and drew her into her arms, rubbing the back of her head.

*Well, this always works when Sasami has one of her nightmares.*

After about five minutes of encouraging words and hugs, Mihoshi finally 
told her story.

"Last night I was so excited about vacation that I stayed up late 
packing our clothes and stuff. I was so tired that I must have overslept 
because when I woke up she was gone and so was her suitcase. The Yagami 
was gone too and I couldn't trace her communicator. Now I know she hates
me!" 
Mihoshi began sobbing anew.

"Now Mihoshi, you know Kiyone doesn't hate you. You're just being 
silly."

Aeka tried not to sound patronizing--Sasami was a little girl but 
Mihoshi was a grown woman...sort of.
Thinking quickly she added, "Maybe she just had plans of her own and 
forgot to tell you."

"Really? You think so?" Mihoshi sniffed, happily grasping at any straws
available.

"Yes I'm sure that's what it was, just a big misunderstanding."
Mihoshi brightened instantly, hugging Aeka tightly.

"Thank you so much Aeka. I feel so much better now!"

"You're very welcome." Aeka managed to say, after gulping some air. ^_^

Half an hour later Aeka sat on a beach towel on the roof wondering how 
she'd gotten herself into this. Next to her, Mihoshi was busy spreading 
out another large beach towel. the detective was wearing a pink bikini 
with ruffled edges. As for Aeka, she was wearing a purple, two piece 
bathing suit that exposed more skin than she was comfortable with. She 
wondered how anyone could sit outside for hours on-end like this without
dying of embarrassment.

Seeing that Mihoshi shouldn't be left alone in her condition, Aeka had
offered that she stay at the house pending Nobuyuki's approval. Mihoshi
then commented that it would be a great day for sunbathing and insisted 
that Aeka come along. Deciding that looking after Mihoshi was probably 
more exciting than sitting around feeling sorry for herself, Aeka 
relented. 

Now she was on a roof, exposing her sensitive skin to the sun in one of 
Mihoshi's old swimsuits. One she had outgrown at the age of 14.

Aeka looked sadly from the detective's full figure and then at her own 
small breasts with a pang of envy. Mihoshi, meanwhile, was laying out 
the instruments of her favorite hobby, like a doctor would in surgery. 
The large beach towel, portable radio, three types of sun block, skin 
moisturizers, a large hat, sunglasses, and a copy of the latest shoujo 
manga. Aeka looked on in growing amazement at the blonde's precise 
movements. It was as if they were some kind of religious ritual.

"How dark do you want it?" Mihoshi asked.

"Huh?"

"Your tan silly. How dark?"

Aeka paused in thought.

"Well I've never seriously tanned before so... Just a shade I guess." 
She answered.

Mihoshi smiled. "That's okay. Here, this is an spf 30. Just remember; 
one hour on each side."
Aeka took the offered bottle and began applying the sunblock. While she 
was doing this, she noticed Mihoshi removing her bikini top.

"What are doing Mihoshi? Put that back on!" She said anxiously.

"But Aeka I can't tan with this on, I'll get lines all over." She said
folding the top neatly to the side. Strange as it was, Aeka saw her 
point. The detective's large, round, breasts were the same uniform 
bronze as the rest of her body. But having a half-naked detective on he 
same roof as her made Aeka nervous. What if Sasami came home early and 
asked embarrassing questions? Or worse what if Washu came out of her lab 
for something, she'd never hear the end of it.

Aeka's problems were compounded suddenly when Mihoshi started to pull 
off her bikini bottoms.

"Uh Mihoshi how about you keep those on if...I..." Aeka thought 
quickly. "If I take my top off." Aeka said quietly.

"You'd do that for me?"
Aeka nodded.

"Okay sure!" Mihoshi pulled her bottoms back on.
Aeka meekly pulled off her top while blushing furiously, wondering if
Mihoshi would burst out laughing. Wondering why she'd care if she did.

"Thanks so much Aeka," Mihoshi said laying down. "I would have felt 
really self-conscious laying out here naked on a roof with someone 
else!"

Had she not been in danger of falling off, Aeka would have 
face-faulted. ^_^

Aeka laid down guiltily enjoying the feel of a cool breeze on her 
nipples. Feeling more at peace than she had in days, she decided to 
start a conversation. Mihoshi was more than accommodating, going on 
about her various jobs, home-life, hobbies and how she was adjusting to 
life on Earth.

Annoyed at first, by Mihoshi's monologue, Aeka realized that the 
blonde's chattering was forming a pattern. Every other sentence was a 
small anecdote about Kiyone. Aeka also noticed that whenever Mihoshi 
said her partner's name her voice softened, and a far away, dreamy look 
came to her eyes.

*Mihoshi must have deep feelings for Kiyone.*

Aeka began to get a deeper understanding of Mihoshi than she'd ever 
thought possible. Mihoshi must have tried to bury her feelings for fear 
of rejection, but they kept surfacing at the worst times. This tended to
push Kiyone even further away.

"Aeka," Mihoshi said after a moment of silence.

"Yes?"

"I...I really miss Kiyone." Tears started flowing down her cheeks. Aeka
reached out and grasped her hand. At this gesture Mihoshi turned and
offered a grateful smile.

Aeka was suddenly very angry with a certain teal hared detective.

*Where are you Kiyone? How could you leave her like this?*
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interlude 1.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
[The Oseon System: The Trader's Luck Saloon]

Half-way across the galaxy, Kiyone sat in a dimly-lit bar throwing back 
suds as fast as the barkeep could tap them. Her hair had been put up in 
a complicated style that was incandescent in normal light, but in this 
dank illumination it looked flat and sickly. Kiyone wondered if it had 
all been worth it. Leaving Mihoshi behind, coming to this system, famous
for itscasinos and resorts, partying two days straight.

*Probably not.* She was honest with herself. But how else was she to 
get away from that walking disaster area she called a partner? It wasn't 
enough to ruin her career, wreck all of her jobs, and spend her every 
waking moment making Kiyone's life a living hell. But now she wanted to 
go on vacation with her. That had been the last straw.

She had to get out. Away from those lifeless eyes.
Those questioning big blue, innocent eyes that hadn't done a bit of 
harm to
anyone. Those eyes which were probably flowing with tears of loss and
betrayal this very...

"Stop it!!"
Kiyone slammed down her mug, shattering fragments across the bar's 
surface.

"Hey! You'll have to pay for that." the barkeep said.

"Put it on my bill." Kiyone snarled giving him a venomous look.

"All right then."
Having made his point the barkeep hastily tended to another customer at 
the far end of the bar.

"Looks like you need another drink." Said a deep, but feminine voice 
behind Kiyone.

"What do you care?" Kiyone said as she heard the barstool next to her 
creak with the weight of its new occupant.

"I just hate seeing a good drink go to waste." She snapped her fingers.
"Hey barkeep, two ales over here."

Turning irritably, Kiyone began, "I thought I said..." and broke off 
when her eyes met the cold red stare of Nagi, the most feared bounty 
hunter in the galaxy. Kiyone gasped her surprise.

"Yeah, I get that a lot. Don't worry, I'm not on a job or anything." 
Nagi turned to receive her drink and Kiyone was surprised for the second 
time that night. Nagi didn't seem to recognize her.

*It must be the hair, she's never seen me like this.*

"I'm sorry if I..."

"It's alright," Nagi cut her off adjusting her cloak. "You get a 
reputation for being ruthless and people tend to assume all sorts of 
things about you. I'm used to it."

Kiyone decided to start over.

"So what brings you to the Oseon system?" she asked after a sip of her 
ale. "A convention or something?"

"Nothing so formal," Nagi paused for a sip of her own drink. "I'm here 
for R&R. Got my 300th bounty this month and I thought I'd treat myself. 
She opened her cloak exposing a turquoise sequined, strap-less evening 
gown.

"Wow that's beautiful!" Kiyone said, truly impressed. "Was it very
expensive?"

"Yeah, it set me back some but money isn't really high on my list of
priorities. I live for the hunt. So what do you do Miss..." She paused
expectantly.

"Ki...Ki..." Kiyone stammered, almost giving herself away. "Kiki! 
That's my name."

"Kiki." Nagi repeated. "Interesting name."

"My parents were free spirits. "Kiyone covered.

"Obviously."

"I...um run a private detective agency with my partner Mi...mi." She 
winced inwardly at the weak cover story.

"You know I've had to work with private detectives on occasion. Which 
sector do you work?"

"Oh nowhere you'd know." Kiyone dodged.

"You never know, I've been around."

"This is surprisingly good ale." Kiyone changed the subject.

"Yes it is, but I was hoping for something stronger myself." Nagi 
commented.

"Yeah me too. The bar looks pretty well stocked but that bartender 
can't mix a drink to save his life."

Kiyone got up looking to her right. The barkeep was still at the far 
side chatting with a female Chadra-fan. Satisfied, Kiyone raised the 
gate and went behind the bar.

"What are you doing?" Nagi inquired.

Kiyone rummaged through the shelves until she pulled out two unlabeled
bottles.

"I'm going to make us some 'Cardiac Surprise.'" She opened one and 
sniffed it.

"Never heard of it. Is it any good?"

"See for your self."

Kiyone expertly mixed the drinks and poured them into two medium sized
glasses. Eyeing it skeptically, Nagi took a sip. And immediately 
coughed.

"Wow, it's strong!" she exclaimed. "What's in it?"

"Gin," Kiyone grinned.

"And?"

"Some kind of Nolandian vodka I think." Kiyone answered after a sip.
"You sure you can handle it?" She said bantering.

"I haven't met a liquor I couldn't handle." Nagi raised her glass in 
salute.

Both women commenced drinking.

Thirty minutes and three drinks later, Kiyone was more than halfway in 
the bag. So when Nagi asked her about her partner she totally forgot her 
cover story.

"So now I'm stuck at a post in the middle of nowhere and on top of that 
I have a partner who could test clinically brain-dead!" cried Kiyone, 
not realizing that she got overly emotional when she was drinking.

"Sounds like hell Kiki," Nagi sympathized. "Why not just push her out 
of an air-lock and say the ditz forgot her space suit?"

"No! It's not like that!" Kiyone said too loudly. "I don't want to see 
her dead or anything; just out of my life."

"Tell me something." Nagi poured herself another drink, Kiyone didn't 
seem to have the motor control left.

"What?"

"How well do you two work together, on a job I mean?"

"Well, planetside it's like she can't do anything right. She just can't
comprehend how to do everyday tasks. But when we're on patrol she's all
business. She can track down and cuff a most wanted criminal if she had 
a mind to. It's all so infuriating!" Several patrons turned their heads 
toward the sound but seeing the bounty hunter they wisely sought out 
business of their own to mind.

"So this woman has done something to you personally?" Nagi asked.

"It's not that simple." Kiyone tried to find the words to explain 
herself. "She's the most kind, gentle person I know, but every time I'm 
in line for a commendation or promotion, she does something to screw it 
up. And they're always accidents with her. So when I yell at her about 
it I end up feeling guilty and have to apologize."

"So why don't you just quit? Leave it all behind?"

"And miss the chance for promotion? I don't think so." Kiyone said
resolutely.

Nagi started chuckling, then burst out laughing.

"Just what's so funny?"

Nagi finally caught her breath.

"It's just you. So young and thinking you know exactly what you want 
from life."

"Young? I'll have you know that I am 23 years old and am capable of 
making
my own decisions," said Kiyone, wondering why she was defending her 
life to this woman.

Nagi looked at her, suddenly serious.

"You have no idea what you're opening yourself up to. When you leave
everything behind for your job, even if it gives you all the prestige 
and accolades in the universe, if there's no one to share it with it 
doesn't amount to much."

Kiyone was about to interject but Nagi went on. "I gave my life to the 
hunt. The thrill of the chase, the satisfaction of bringing a criminal 
to justice. I live for that and I have no regrets about my life. But 
some times..." 

She broke off, a far away look came to her eyes that was almost wistful. 
Then they hardened once more. "I've been alone for longer than I care to
remember.

"When I'm sick nobody hovers over me to see if I'm doing well. Nobody 
worries if I stay out too late or drink too much. In fact, Ken-Ohki's 
probably the only one who'd show up at my funeral if I died. Well there 
is one other, but she'd probably be there just to make sure I'm dead."

She turned and looked Kiyone straight in the eye.

"What I'm trying to say is; when you've got someone in whose eyes you 
can do no wrong, and no matter how badly you've treated them they'd 
still walk through hell and back just to be with you..." Nagi's voice 
wavered...then strengthened again. She grabbed Kiyone's shoulder. 
"Don't you let go of that. If you forget everything else I told you 
remember this. Sometimes when you lose, you win."

Kiyone was dumbfounded. Not because she was surprised by Nagi's
insight--which she was--but because of how close to the heart she had 
hit.

*Nagi just might be right. I could have been passing up the one thing 
in my life that could bring me true happiness...*

A loud thump broke her train of thought. Nagi lay sprawled on the floor 
of the bar, apparently passed out.

*Bullshit* Kiyone thought; her resolve once more hardening.
*No way some drunk bounty hunter's going to tell me how to live my 
life!*

But even as she thought this, a voice in the back of her mind cried out 
LIAR!

Kiyone shook her head and stood up. She thought to leave Nagi to the
kindness of strangers but some of what she had said came back to her. 
No one would care. So after paying both their bar tabs, Kiyone hailed a 
hover taxi and took Nagi to the space port, making sure that she was 
secure aboard Ken-Ohki before leaving for her own vessel. ^_^

Early, the next morning, Kiyone set off away from the Oseon system, 
hoping that Nagi hadn't awakened and tumbled to her true identity. 
Traffic control came on-line with requests for her docking pass, 
passport, etc. Kiyone quickly gave all the requisite responses. She had 
just cleared the outer planets when the Yagami lurched backward and she 
was thrown against her restraints. Alarm klaxons sounded while Kiyone 
fought to get control of the bucking ship. She brought up the scanner 
and was stunned to find Ken-Ohki's crystalline shape in the rear 
sensors.

A screen popped up on the main viewer featuring Nagi's cowled visage.

"Hello Kiyone, you didn't say good bye last night." While her voice 
mirrored her, amusement Kiyone wasn't lulled into a false sense of 
security by her mirth.

"How did you find out who I was Nagi?" she asked nervously.

"I had a hunch when you started talking about your partner. There's 
only one person in the galaxy that accident prone."

"Yeah guess you're right."

"Besides Ken-Ohki recognized your scent." Kiyone cringed slightly.

"So what do you want with me?"

"Nothing much, I just wanted to say thanks for last night. Ken-Ohki 
could have gotten me himself but thanks just the same."

Kiyone thought she saw a slight smile on the bounty hunter's face.

"Yes, well you're welcome. You're really not going to..."

"Try to use you to get to Ryoko?" Nagi finished for her. Kiyone could 
only nod. "I told you. I'm taking a break...For now. And how about you? 
Going back to find what you've been looking for?"

"I don't know what I want right now," Kiyone said quickly. "I just know 
that whatever it is, I won't find it at the bottom of a glass."

The ship jolted again as the tractor beam disengaged.

"Well you'd better get moving, she's waiting for you!" Came Nagi's wry
reply.

Kiyone shot back, "I said that I don't..." she broke off, realizing 
that she was alone. Kiyone couldn't get Nagi's words out of her head. 
It just couldn't be true. She knew Mihoshi cared about her but... In any 
case, she had to see this through. Sighing her resignation, Kiyone set 
the Yagami's course for the Sol system.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Back on Earth]

It had been two days since she'd been there and Mihoshi had already 
been banished from Washu's lab, had nearly burned down the kitchen, and 
was very close to convincing Aeka to sunbathe nude. For Aeka's part, she
was mostly over the trauma of the previous week, but she still couldn't 
bring herself to meet Tenchi's eyes. Even when he complimented her on 
her light tan, she could do nothing but blush shyly.

*But how strange this is. Why am I not more worried about this?* She 
thought as she lay on her stomach on the roof. Next to her, Mihoshi 
giggled quietly at the manga she was reading. A smile touched Aeka's 
lips.

*Yes that must be the reason.*

Her new found friendship with the ditzy, yet sweet detective had taken 
her mind off of her own problems. Though she could be taxing at times, 
Mihoshi had really grown on Aeka.

"Um Aeka," Mihoshi said hesitantly.

"Yes Mihoshi?"
"I just wanted to thank you for...you know putting up with me this 
week."

"Think nothing of it Mihoshi. It's been a pleasure having you here with 
us."

"You really mean it?"

"Of course I do. And to be totally honest, Kiyone doesn't know what 
she's missing with a friend like you."

Mihoshi gasped, suddenly sitting up.

"Do you mean that you and I are friends?" Mihoshi cried her eyes 
brimming with tears. Also sitting up, Aeka looked Mihoshi in the eye.

"Why yes, we are friends Mihoshi."

The next thing Aeka knew, she was having the breath crushed out of her 
in an embrace that would have done her mother proud.

"I...I...I'm so happy," Mihoshi managed to say. Aeka continued holding
Mihoshi even though she felt uncomfortable with the blonde's bare 
breasts pressing against her. But she wouldn't have let go for all the 
world.

"Well, I'd heard all the rumors but I didn't think that it was true."

Aeka's head snapped up at the sound of her archenemy's taunting voice.

"Ryoko! What are you doing here?"

"Washu gave me a clean bill of health." said the cyan-hared pirate, 
floating just off the edge of the roof. "Gee, I guess Tenchi will be 
heart-broken over this. I'll just have to console him during all those 
cold, lonely nights."

"Ryoko I'm so glad to see you're feeling well again," Mihoshi said
cheerfully, while still clinging to Aeka.

"And not a moment too soon. So Mihoshi how long did the Princess here 
wait to put the moves on you?"

"Oh Aeka's been so nice to me the past two days," Mihoshi beamed, 
entirely missing the point. "She's made sure I ate well, helped me wash 
my hair, kept me company; oh, and she's even going to try sunbathing 
nude tomorrow!"

Ryoko's sly grin widened at this new ammunition.

"Looks like you're taking real good care of her Princess. But once you 
get the goods will you call her in the morning?"

Aeka's embarrassed flush turned into crimson fury.

"Miss Ryoko! Just what are you insinuating? I am not, nor have I ever 
been a...ah...that is...of that persuasion."

"Come on Aeka, you don't have to be embarrassed about your new 
lifestyle," Ryoko continued. "Come on out of your royal closet, it's the
'in' thing to do nowadays."

"Humph!"

Deciding to ignore the pirate, Aeka finally disengaged herself from 
Mihoshiand laid back down. Annoyed at not getting the reaction she 
expected, Ryokodecided to up the ante.

"You know, this all reminds me of a rumor I herd from Jurai some years 
ago,"
she said, landing on the roof. "I don't remember all of the details but 
ithad something to do with a 15-year-old princess, some serving girls, 
and the Royal Baths."

Aeka bolted upright. "That's a lie! Where did you hear that Ryoko?"

"It was in all the news. The Jurai Informer, the Stool Pigeon, the 
Galactic Tattler,"

"Those are all tabloids, all they peddle is gutter trash and vicious 
lies."
Aeka yelled into Ryoko's smiling face. Ryoko went on as if she didn't 
hear her.

"I can see it all now. The lonely princess and her devoted servant:

'Oh your highness I'll do anything you say.' The princess feels *so* 
horny because she's just starting to get that special feeling...,down 
there.

'Why don't you come bathe with me? Then I can ravish you repeatedly to 
get my first royal orgasm.'

'But Your Highness! I'm not like that, I don't...'

'Hush now my servant. give your princess her pleasure.'"

Aeka was speechless, so Ryoko went on.

"You liked it; didn't you? Did it feel good, touching all that young, 
soft, innocent skin? Did you get all hot and wet in your tight 
little..."

"You have no idea what you are talking about!!!" Aeka screamed shaking
Ryoko violently.

"It wasn't like that at all! I didn't start it! She made me..."
Aeka broke off, realizing she'd said one word too many. She looked back 
and forth between the twin shocked expressions of Mihoshi and Ryoko. 
After amoment of silence that lasted several lifetimes Mihoshi tried to
put a hand on the princess's shoulder.

"Aeka I..."

"No." Aeka shook her off  getting to her feet.

"But..."

"NO!"

Aeka gathered her towel and made for the window but seeing Ryoko 
standing there she nimbly leapt to the ground below. Ryoko thought she 
heard her gasp, but the amethyst-hared girl had disappeared into the 
house without anotherword. Ryoko turned back toward the window only to 
meet a pair of angry blue eyes.

"What?" she asked innocently.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Aeka sat in the bath with a glass of sake in her hand. It had been 
almost half an hour and she still wasn't drunk yet. All that she wanted 
to do when she ran inside was to forget. Forget the past, the present, 
even the future. She just wanted her life to evaporate like the vapors 
from the hot water.

But she couldn't. She'd been a fool to think she could live a normal 
life.
Chat with a friend about nothing at all while lazing about under the 
sun.

Happily dream about the man she loved.

Just be.

Exist.

She'd been wrong. The reality of it came crashing down upon her like 
the waves of the ocean. There were elements of her life that would 
forever separate her from normal folk. Her royal status, her inherited 
Jurai powers, the mystique surrounding the Royal Family. But most of all
her inability to share her feelings with others. Aeka thought she had 
finally cleared that blind spot in her personality. But today, it had 
all turned out to be a cruel joke. She would be forever alone.

"Hello Aeka."
Ryoko's voice was noticeably lacking its usual mocking tone.
Aeka winced in pain as she turned to face her adversary.

"Why can't you leave me alone? Haven't you tormented me enough 
already?"

Ryoko looked on the princess, fighting down the urge to make an angry 
retort. She couldn't forget the hurt/angry expression on Mihoshi's face.
The usually timid detective had demanded that Ryoko apologize to her 
friend and mean it. Surprising as this was, what was more so was that 
Ryoko was already thinking along those lines herself. She'd been cooped 
up in that energy chamber for a week and when she finally got out she 
was feeling rather irritable. Seeing a golden opportunity to make Aeka 
squirm was just too good to pass up.

But now, remembering her 'conversation' with Mihoshi and her time spent 
with a certain redheaded scientist; Ryoko resolved herself to be civil. 
Winning the inner battle, Ryoko approached Aeka again.

"Aeka I don't want any trouble, I just want to say I'm sorry."

"What? You apologizing to someone? Did Ryo-Ohki just ascend to the 
throne of Jurai?" Aeka said scornfully.

"Hey, I came in here to say I'm sorry, but if that's the way you..."

"Fine! Your apology is accepted. Now please leave." Aeka painfully 
resettled herself in the water. Ryoko stood there in silence.

*I don't know what this is all about, and I won't find out if I go.*

"How'd you hurt your back?" she inquired.

"I must have wrenched something when I jumped off the roof," Aeka 
answered, not turning around. She heard a rustle of fabric and a soft 
splash, and next two hand on her shoulders.

"What are you doing? I thought I made it clear that I want to be alone."

Ryoko began rubbing the shoulders slowly.

"I'm trying to help fix your back," she answered while maneuvering 
Aeka's towel to expose her back. "It is sort of my fault you're hurt."

"Oh alright," Aeka gave up.

Ryoko began running her hands over Aeka's spine. As her hands moved 
lower, Aeka sighed in relief. After a few minutes, Aeka asked, "How did 
you learn to do this?"

"Massage you mean? Well back when I was on the run, I always needed 
money so sometimes I had to do something...ugh, legit," she said 
disdainfully. "So one time I worked at a massage parlor. Found out I was
pretty good at it."

"But Ryoko, aren't those places just a front for...?"

"Hey I got paid for massage and that's it. If some guys thought they 
were getting something else well they'd just have to live with the
disappointment, if at all." Ryoko replied with an evil grin.

"I must admit then that your skills are, oohh!"
Aeka stopped mid-sentence as Ryoko's talented hands performed their 
magic.

"So you gonna tell me what all that was about earlier?"

"I have no idea what you are talking about," Aeka dodged.

"Come on Princess, it's not like you to pass up a good fight. What 
gives? Does it have something to do with you and those serving girls?" 
Ryoko prodded.

"That's a lie!" Aeka tried to get up but hissed in pain.

"So why does it bother you so much?"
Ryoko resumed her work. "If it's a lie, why not set the record 
straight?"

Too tired to argue and in too much pain to get up and leave, Aeka 
decided to just tell the demon woman what she wanted to know. Leaning 
back into Ryoko's nimble fingers Aeka told her story.

"When I was 15, my royal tutor took ill and had to return to her planet 
to
convalesce. Since I had virtually no contact with males except those in 
the royal court, my mother took it upon herself to hire a governess for 
me.

At first, I argued that I was much too old for a governess but mother
prevailed and that's when I first met Lady Shiori. She was of the 
planet Telmar, which pledged its loyalty to Jurai and is now a 
protectorate world of the Empire.

She was one of the most striking women I had ever seen. Her hair was 
silver and shined, even in darkness. Her skin was golden in hue and she 
was tall with fine bone structure. She also had turquoise eyes that 
sparkled with an inner light; like there was some private joke that she 
alone knew. I was taken aback by her beauty and grace. Even though she 
was from a minor House on her planet, she carried herself with the 
bearing and refinement of any Juraian queen. And when she spoke to me 
her voice was like a symphony that tantalized my ears. At first, I was 
intimidated by her. But her warm gaze always put me at ease.

"I learned more than just grammar when I was with her.
She also had a great deal of worldly knowledge. She taught me how to 
read people, to know when they are being dishonest, or when they want 
something from you. Especially men. Lady Shiori had a way with men in 
which she could get anything she wanted from them. Even the palace 
guards were not immune from her charms, as she snuck me out of the 
palace many times to explore the city. She always thought up new and 
interesting ways to teach my lessons. The most memorable was with songs.
The Telmarines are famous throughout the galaxy for their singing. She 
composed several teaching songs just for me. Those months we spent 
together were among the happiest I remember.

But then, things changed.

Lady Shiori became distant. As if something else had her attention. She 
took me out less and less, and her lessons became few and far between. 
By that time I had grown quite attached to her, we were more like best 
friends than student and teacher. So when she began distancing herself 
from me I was horrified. I thought that I'd done, or said something to 
offend her. I tried everything, from sending letters, to expensive gifts
but I got no responses.

I was at my wit's end when I finally received a message from her through
a servant to meet her in my private bath. I was so excited I nearly ran 
into the bath fully clothed.

When I arrived, she was there, waiting for me in the water; completely 
nude. She was even more beautiful than I remembered, so much that it 
brought tears to my eyes.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interlude 2. [Imperial Palace, Jurai: Aeka's Private Bath]
------------------------------------------------------------------------

The pretty, young girl approached the golden skinned woman, who held 
her arms open for a deep embrace.

"Dear one; why are you so troubled?" the woman asked in a deep, sultry 
voice.

"I...I...I thought you hated me," came the girl's tear-choked reply.

"Aeka, I could never hate you."

"But Lady Shiori, why did you...?"

"It's a long story. But that is not important right now. What is 
important is that you're here."

For the first time, the girl felt a bit uncomfortable with her 
teacher's breasts pressing against her. They were large and soft with 
the slightest hint of firmness in the nipples. Aeka suddenly stiffened 
as she felt her towel removed.

"It's all right Aeka I won't hurt you," Shiori whispered running her 
hands along the girl's back.

Aeka blushed deeply, not knowing what else to do when Shiori held her 
chin up and drew the girl into a passionate kiss. Aeka had never kissed 
anyone like this in her life and she was both frightened and delighted 
when she felt Shiori's tongue enter her mouth. Aeka started feeling a 
warmth between her legs when Shiori moved her hand over her young 
breasts.

"Ahh!" she cried out as the woman pulled her sensitive nipples. Shiori 
then broke the kiss and began kissing her way down the girl's front 
until she got to her breast. Taking the hardened nipple in her mouth, 
she suckled it gently.

By this time Aeka was writhing in pleasure, but a feeling that 
something was seriously wrong also plagued her.
Why was she reacting this way? Had she always been like this?

Was she a lesbian now?

"Ohhh! Wha...what are you doing Lady Shiori?" Aeka cried out as 
Shiori's hand trailed down and touched the entrance of her tender young 
sex.

"Don't be frightened dear one. This won't hurt. I'm sure you will find 
it most enjoyable."

"But what...?"

"Shh. Aeka, please do this for me if you love me. You do love me don't 
you?" Aeka nodded earnestly. "Good."

Shiori's finger found and entered the princess's tight sex. Aeka gasped 
as it began sliding in and out in a steady rhythm. Aeka's eyes began to 
close but popped open again as Shiori's finger brushed her clit.

"Ugh...oh...Lady Shiori it feels so...so..."

"I know Aeka."

"No...it feels so...Wrong! I can't do this, please let me go!" Aeka 
began to struggle but the gold-skinned woman held her fast.

"I know you're enjoying this Aeka so I won't stop. And I know you won't 
make me stop." Shiori released Aeka's arms and slid her hands over her 
backside while kissing her way to the princess's dripping wet core. Upon 
reaching the violet covered nexus of Aeka's sex, Shiori gently parted 
the nether lips with her tongue. Shivering involuntarily with pleasure, 
Aeka's protests faded away as she was transported to a world of shameful 
ecstasy.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Earth: The Women's Bath]

Aeka hadn't noticed that Ryoko had stopped her massage. She barely even
registered the fact that Ryoko had put her arms around her in a 
comforting embrace. She continued to stare blankly forward as she 
finished her tale.

"Someone found out of course." Aeka said. "There is a saying in the 
palace that says 'within these walls lay no secrets.' And I guess that's 
true. It was probably one of the servants who told my mother but I never 
found out who. The look on her face sad, furious, and disgusted at the 
same time. I'll never forget that.

Then my father was informed. I'd never seen him like that before; out 
of control. He raged about, knocking down guards and servants alike.
He then ordered lady Shiori's immediate execution." Aeka paused feeling 
a pair of large, firm breasts pressing against her back.

"Ryoko?"

"What else happened Aeka? I have to know," came the golden-eyed woman's
quiet reply. Though confused Aeka resolutely continued.

"I was so distraught that I threw myself at his feet and begged him for 
her life. I knew even then that what she did to me was wrong, but I 
didn't care. I couldn't let go of the woman I loved. When Father refused
me...I screamed at him. I told him that I would go to the Holy Council 
and reveal my shame publicly if he didn't relent. It was the first time 
I had ever defied my father. Ryoko," Aeka's voice began to falter. Ryoko
remained silent. 

"He...he looked at me as if I were a stranger. Like I was a creature 
from some alien world. But he granted my wish. Lady Shiori was instead, 
exiled from the Empire. She was not to set foot upon any planet housing 
a Royal Tree, not even her homeworld. I never saw her again."

"Do you know what happened to her?" Ryoko asked while stroking Aeka's 
hair. Then, for the first time, tears began to form at the corners of 
the princess's ruby eyes.

"The official story is, that when the transport ship was underway, she
committed suicide. At least that is what the investigations concluded.
She shut herself in an air-lock then depressurized it."

Ryoko's eyes widened as she began caressing Aeka's cheek.

"Do you really believe that?" she asked.

"I have to," Aeka answered. "Because if I don't..." her voice finally 
broke and the tears fell creating wet tracks down her cheeks. Ryoko 
caught one of the tears on her finger and brought it to her lips, 
savoring the bittersweet taste of memories. Aeka continued sobbing for 
nearly 10 minutes. When she finally, regained control she noticed 
Ryoko's embrace for the first time.

"Ryoko, why are you..."

"No reason," Ryoko gently cut her off, still stroking her cheek. "I just
want to hear this."

"After Lady Shiori died, I fell into despair. I refused all food except 
that of Telmar and stopped speaking, even to Sasami. All of the best 
counselors and psychiatrists came to see me. They and my parents all 
tried to convince me that what had happened was not my fault. That I 
had been the victim of a sick and depraved woman's perverse appetites." 

Aeka paused and touched Ryoko's hand, seeming to gain strength from the 
contact. "But they were mistaken Ryoko.

I knew what she did was wrong but what truly disturbed me was that I 
enjoyed it. Deep down, beneath my fear and revulsion I liked it. She'd 
taken something from me that I could never regain yet I didn't mind in 
the least.

And for that, I was ashamed. I felt that I had betrayed my family, my 
crown by wanting her. She was the first person that I truly desired and 
for it to turn out like that... I decided to bury those feelings. I hid 
behind protocol and tradition, determined to keep my true feelings a 
secret like a princess should.

To all who met me I was a paragon of genteel grace and beauty. I 
stopped being a person and became a symbol of Jurai's crown. Loved by 
the people but not truly known to them. Like the layers of clothing I 
wear, I've spent years building barriers around my heart.

"But when I first met Lord Tenchi, all my walls were stripped away. I 
stoodnaked before him with my emotions bared and..." 

Aeka began to tremble once again, but her eyes remained dry.

"It was like a physical force that hit me. It knocked the crown from my 
head and for the first time in my life, I was an ordinary girl with a 
maddening crush on a sweet, handsome boy. My feelings for Lord Tenchi 
are so strong sometimes that they frighten me. All I've ever wanted was 
for him to return my love, but now I fear that I'm not worthy of his 
love. That it's just my own lustful urges that...ugh wha?"

Aeka was suddenly hauled out of the water and turned to face a pair of
intense golden eyes.

"Don't you *ever* say that again Aeka. Don't even *think* it because 
it's a lie." Ryoko almost whispered.

"But how do you know?"
"Because I love him too that's how," Ryoko retorted. "Tenchi has a way 
of changing people for the better. He changed me. Or at least made me
reevaluate my life. I actually *want* to be a better person. And I've 
seen it in you too.

You're not the same stuck-up princess I remembered from before. The 
Aeka I knew would faint if she had to touch a broom or a mop, but here 
you are. Cleaning, washing laundry, and even trying to cook." Ryoko drew
the princess into another hug.

"Why are you being so kind to me?" Aeka asked into Ryoko's shoulder.

"Oh it's just something Washu said and something you did." Ryoko said, 
still stroking Aeka's long, violet hair. "When I was in that energy 
chamber of hers, Wahsu kept talking to me about what I did. I guess she 
was trying to make a mother-daughter moment out of it. But some of what 
she said started to sink in. About how I never care about anyone else's 
feelings when I go after Tenchi, not even his. Then I saw you,  coming 
in every day to check on me, thinking it was all your fault. Then you go 
and help Mihoshi (she told me) and become her friend when you could have
been spending time with Tenchi."

"I couldn't." Aeka dropped her eyes. "Not after what happened."

"After Tenchi saw you in that lingerie I'm surprised he remembered his 
own name," Ryoko chuckled.

"But when you were laughing at me I thought..."

"I wasn't laughing at how you looked, I was laughing at your reaction 
to him seeing you. Honestly! How could anyone be bashful in that 
outfit?"

"When I put it on, I fantasized about he and I together. Yet, when I 
saw him looking at me I panicked. I didn't want him to see me like that.
With thoughts of..."

"Sex?" Ryoko supplied. "You're afraid of it, aren't you? Because of what
happened to you."

Ryoko's face moved closer to Aeka's. She tried to turn away but the
cyan-hared woman held her face. In the next instant, Ryoko's lips were
pressed upon her own. When the kiss finally broke, Aeka took a step 
back from the space pirate.

"Why?" was all she could say.

"Why not?" Ryoko advanced on her once more. "You shouldn't be afraid 
Aeka. It's a beautiful thing." She placed her arms around the princess's 
waist. 

"But it won't be like the last time. I'm giving you a choice," 
Ryoko spoke into her ear as she began kissing her neck. "You can just 
walk away, and we'll forget this ever happened. Or you can stay, and
experience sex the way it's supposed to be."

Aeka shivered as Ryoko worked her way back to her mouth.

"All you have to say is, 'I don't want it.' Can you say that?"

Aeka slowly shook her head "no" then closed her eyes in anticipation.
Ryoko's lips once again met hers, this time with more urgency. This 
time, Aeka relaxed and leaned into the kiss opening her mouth slightly. 
Sensing the invitation, Ryoko's tongue entered and entwined with Aeka's.
Not knowing what else to do with them Aeka plunged her hands into 
Ryoko's luxurious hair.

This caused her to moan sensuously into Aeka's mouth. Getting excited, 
Aeka deepened the kiss, while moaning in response. A warm, tingling 
sensation began in the pit of her stomach. The feeling intensified as 
her hands roamed freely, exploring Ryoko's exquisite curves.

Abruptly, Ryoko pushed her away. Gasping for air, Aeka wondered when 
she'd started holding her breath.

"Wow, that was something." Ryoko said curiously eyeing Aeka. "So are 
you gonna take that towel off or would you rather I work around it?"

Aeka's lips curved up in a suggestive grin as her towel slid slowly 
from her body. Taking her hand, Ryoko, guided Aeka back into a sitting 
position; behind her, Ryoko began her massage anew. Starting at the 
shoulders, Ryoko's hands slid down to Aeka's round  breasts. As she 
began rubbing them, she felt the sensitive nipples stiffen against her 
palms.

"Oh yes! Keep touching me like that, Ohh!"

Encouraged by this, Ryoko took both nipples between thumb and 
forefinger and began rolling them back and forth. Aeka's back arched in 
pleasure as Ryoko's tongue found her neck once more. Removing one hand 
from Aeka's breast, Ryoko felt her way between her thighs eliciting a 
moan of delight as she brushed the princess's clitoris.

"M-Miss Ryoko ah!"

"Don't say anything Aeka, at least not yet."

Ryoko's finger found the violet covered core and quickly slid in, her
passage eased by the moisture within.

"Oh it feels so good! Please don't stop!"

Aroused by Aeka's words Ryoko's pace quickened her fingers sliding in 
and out at a frantic rate. Hot fluid rushed around her fingers and she 
brought them to her lips.

"Mmmm! Tasty!" She said, savoring Aeka's sweet nectar. She then shifted
around until her face was between Aeka's legs.

Pausing, Ryoko looked up, straight into the princess's eyes, which were
burning with desire. In that moment, Ryoko understood all that she 
would ever need to about the true Aeka. The one she kept carefully 
hidden away.

Her desperate need to express her feelings and her frustrating 
inability to do so. Her passion, her shyness, her strengths, weaknesses, 
selfishness, and generosity. And then she closed her ruby eyes and it 
was gone. 

Thankful for this glimpse into the soul of her chief rival, and most 
likely, her greatest friend Ryoko determined herself to give her the 
experience of a lifetime.

Breathing in the scent of Aeka's arousal, Ryoko attacked her soft 
petals with fervor. Every moment, Ryoko's long tongue found a new 
position sending jolts of pleasure to the princess who punctuated each 
new sensation with a hard tug on Ryoko's mane of cyan hair. This aroused
Ryoko even more and she proved it by redoubling her efforts. She began 
teasing Aeka's clit with one hand while tweaking a nipple in the other. 
All these actions were quickly pushing Aeka toward the edge. And then 
suddenly, she'd reached it!

"AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!"

Aeka's high-pitched scream echoed through the infinity of sub-space. 
Then Ryoko felt Aeka's thighs clamp around her head like a steel trap. 
So great was the force of her grip that Ryoko felt her ears pop. A flood
of hot fluid rushed into her face and dripped down her chin and chest, 
but all Ryoko could do was lap at Aeka's insides because of her 
immobilized state. Slowly Aeka's leg muscles relaxed as she came down 
from her second-ever orgasm.

Using her hands and tongue, Ryoko took a minute to clean Aeka's cum off 
like a cat.

Turning back to the princess, Ryoko was startled to find her two inches 
from her face. Before she could utter a word, she was locked in a 
passionate kiss that took her breath away. Ryoko felt herself being 
guided to a laying position but allowed it to happen; interested in 
where this was leading. Aeka took her time as she began covering her 
partner's body with kisses. Her forehead, the bridge of her nose, chin, 
shoulder, collar bone, and down between her heaving breasts. She 
continued down Ryoko's rib cage, pausing to find each rib, then gave a 
lick to the area immediately surrounding the navel.

At first Ryoko thought Aeka's lack of experience caused her to miss all 
of her pleasure centers. But she then realized that it was by design 
that Aeka did this. Each time she came tantalizingly close to an area, 
it burned with anticipation causing Ryoko to moan. The pirate moaned 
again as Aeka circumvented her already dripping cunt, leaving a trail of
saliva around her inner thighs.

Deciding that she'd had enough, Ryoko said, "Aeka don't do that, don't 
tease me...Aahh!"

Her plea was cut short as the ruby-eyed princess closed her lips
around her protruding clit. Aeka had succeeded in surprising Ryoko, 
causing a great wave of pure pleasure to envelop her. Once more Aeka 
resumed her random kissing, each time zeroing in on a different pleasure 
source. As the ordeal continued, Ryoko was lost in a world of sensation 
where she teetered on the fine line separating agony and ecstasy. Used 
to getting what she wanted, when she wanted it; Ryoko was thrown totally
off balance by the princess's indirect approach. When Aeka started 
thrusting three fingers into the eager cunt, Ryoko was almost too late 
to press the princess's face between her legs when she came explosively.

After drinking of Ryoko's warm juices, Aeka accepted the pirate's warm
embrace.

Able to endure the silence no longer Aeka raised her head from Ryoko's
shoulder.

"I want to thank you." She paused, collecting her thoughts.
"I never knew it could be this way. It was so..."

"Hot and spicy?" Ryoko supplied, once again.

"I was thinking wonderful, but I guess that will do as well." Aeka said
bemused. The two lapsed into an awkward silence.

"Hey princess," Ryoko spoke up. "You know this doesn't have to be a 
one-time
thing between us."

"Do you mean you want to try this again?" Aeka asked.

"Well sure but only if you want to."

"Of course I do but it's just that I..."

"You what?"

"I'm still in love with Lord Tenchi." Aeka waited for Ryoko's reaction 
but was caught off guard when she laughed out loud.

"Now what is it?" Aeka said getting annoyed.

"I'm still in love with Tenchi too Princess. But that shouldn't have
anything to do with this. It's just between us."

Aeka took her hand. "If Lord Tenchi, or anyone else were to find out...
well we'll just have to be discrete."

"Fine with me Princess. We can get together like this until one of us 
wins his heart for good," Ryoko thought for a second. "And maybe even 
after that."

"Only if I'm free on weekends." Aeka replied with a smile.

"What makes you think he'll choose you?" Ryoko questioned with mock
indignation.

"Why would Lord Tenchi want a Most Wanted criminal when he can have a
beautiful princess on his arm?"

"Because the princess is a stuck-up brat!" Ryoko shot back. They stared
daggers at each other for a moment before collapsing in a giggling fit.

Just then, Mihoshi walked in with Sasami and Ryo-Ohki in tow.

"Hey look they're laughing!" she said joyfully. "Did you make-up?"

"Yes I guess we did Mihoshi." Aeka grabbed a towel and started drying 
off.

"Does this mean you're friends now?" Sasami asked hopefully.

"Sorry but no," Ryoko apologized. "But we did have mind blowing, soul
shaking, funky monkey sex!"

"*MISS RYOKO!!!!*"

Aeka turned three shades of red in as many seconds, and was one second 
away from turning the space pirate into a smoldering pile of ashes when 
she noticed something. The others were laughing. Ryoko caught her eye 
and gave her a wink.

"Really Ryoko," she said as she donned a kimono and headed out. "You 
have such a crude sense of humor."

"You know me Princess, I just love to have fun with you." ^_^

                            End Episode 1

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Preview of Next Episode:
TENCHI: Well it looks like things have finally returned to normal 
        around here. Plus Kiyone's back!

MIHOSHI: Yeah! I missed you Kiyone. But there was something I was 
  	 supposed to tell you. What could it be?

NOBUYUKI: Has anyone noticed Aeka and Ryoko acting strange lately?

TENCHI:   All this and more on the next episode of Tenchi Muyo!
	    *Every Lesson Learned*

KIYONE:   It's uncharacteristically insightful!

________________________________________________________________________
Special Section "X": [Author's Notes]
________________________________________________________________________

Well it's been a long strange trip, hasn't it? When I first started this 
series, I had no idea I would meet with such an overwhelming response. 
While not all of it was favorable, I'd like to take time out to thank 
everyone who wrote in their comments. 

That said, let's take a trip into the shadowy corners of my mind and 
find out why I wrote this in the first place. 

The original premise for "Every Lesson Learned" was to be a Miho-Kiyo 
fic about daily life for the two GP detectives. This was all going well 
until I met with a terminal case of writer's block. For two weeks, I 
could write nothing at all. So, instead of trying to force it and ruin 
the story, I decided to change projects. The new idea came to me in the 
form of a dream. Asside from all of the blurry images, one scene was 
completely clear: Aeka was crying for some reason and Ryoko was there 
comforting her.

This was strange enough--given that at the time I thought they hated 
each other's guts--but so intrigueing was the image of Ryoko wiping 
away Aeka's tears that I could not get it out of my mind. 

Finally giving in to the oushy little muse I put pencil to paper and 
began writing (When I started out, I first wrote the entire thing on 
notebook paper for later transcription to computer).

Now, I'd like to say that I had this whole grand tale completely mapped 
out in my mind; but the truth is, I didn't know what the heck I was 
doing, half the time. I just let the pencil go until my hand started 
cramping. When that happened, I knew it was time to quit for the day. 
Of course, this made for multiple revisions the next day, but this was 
the way I wrote most comfortably. 

[Why I wrote a Lemon]
One of the most frequent comments I get--besides "ryoko an aieka havn 
sex is kewl"--is that "Every Lesson Learned" is really good, even 
without the lemon scenes. So why, oh why did I write a lemon?

The truth is, I don't really know. I hadn't planned on it at first, 
and I certainly don't have lemon on the brain. As I said, I just let my 
pencil go wild and this story sprang up out of nowhere. Of course, it's 
a little more complicated than that. I was going through a lot of 
changes at the time and that probably had an effect on my writing. 
Whatever the reason, by the time I had the thing finished, and reread it 
I realized that I'd better put a warning at the top or I'd be in serious 
trouble. 

Wait! 
I have to be truthful.

There is one other thing. When I started reading fan fiction, I was 
surprised and saddened at the lack of good writing in the lemon 
section(Except "Aikan Muyo" bless you Happosai). After reading the fine 
works in the regular section, it angered me to see the mindless and 
barely legible stuff in the lemon division. 
So, when I realized that my fic was becoming a lemon ( against my will, 
of course), I resolved myself to make it a tale of sensuality instead 
of mindless, mechanical sex, poor characterization, and zero plot

[The End Product]
After about three months of writing and revising and procrastinating, 
I ended up with about 49 double-sided, sheets of notebook paper and a 
big, goofy grin. Then I found out, that I needed to type it.
After another week of sitting in a painfully bright computer lab and 
sending drafts to my prereader (thanks juliusmz!) I finally had some-
thing I could be marginally proud of. All I needed was a pen name.

[Who is Arca Jeth?]
When I first delved into the shadowy world of lemon fan fiction, I found 
two truths. 1) Most lemon writers are guys. 2) Most lemon writers are 
adolescent guys with a hardon for Ryoko.

Although I was proud of my little fan fiction, I felt that people just 
weren't ready for a female with such a free way of writing and thinking 
about sex. So I became someone different. I took on the persona of a 
4,000 years-dead Jedi Master. I must admit to being half-right in my 
choice. A few (and by few I mean a lot) over zealous fans, who disagree 
with my views on Ryoko and Aeka's relationship chose to attack me in-
directly--on Leon-san's "Ryoko and Aeka's Shrine of Love, guestbook"--
and personally, in e-mails. I must admit, while everyone is entitled to 
his, or her, opinion, the vehemence in some of the messages surprised 
me. 

While I'm not trying to convince TM! fans one way or the other, it does 
sadden me that people--especially anime fans--would be so closedminded 
even to the possibilty of alternate lifestyles. 

That said, I am dropping the sharade as of now. While I keep my name, 
I maintain that I am a woman--some say I'm pretty but I fail to see 
how--and a college student, majoring in Journalism. While I pretend to 
be such a hentai on IRC I'm actually rather shy. Ah! That's much better!

[And in Closing...]
This is all I've got for now. I hope you've enjoyed this little trip.
This "Version X" goes out to all of the people who wrote in and 
encouraged me during the writing process. Don't worry folks, I'm still 
on the job! Expect an "X" version of Episode II soon.

Thanks for reading,

Arca Jeth

