Disclaimer: I can not and will not claim ownership of the characters used in 
this story. 
The light in the darkness

It was dark. Not a single ray nor spot of light could be seen. It was 
silent. Not a sound, even the whisper of breathing was lost to the silence. It 
was cold. Terribly cold, the kind of chill that seeps through your skin and 
turns your blood to ice. It was frightening. A fear that burrows into the 
brain and lives there, growing stronger and larger with each moment.
Tenchi stood perfectly still, unwilling and unable to move. He did not 
know where he was or how he got there, but he desperately wanted to leave. He 
wanted to call for help, but the fear held him back. So he stood, still as a 
statue, waiting for something to happen.
" This is stupid," he thought to himself. " Your not going to get 
anywhere standing here." He took a step forward, but then quickly stepped 
back. He tried again, and failed again. " Come on damn it, you can do this." 
He stepped forward. Despite his fear, he held his ground. He took another 
step, then another. Yet he was not content with his progress. " Your not going 
to get anywhere at this rate. Come on you coward, walk you wuss." Slowly he 
sped up, moving in a kind of shuffle. By now his anger at his weakness rivaled 
his fear. Disgusted, he took off running. He didn't know where he was going, 
but it was better than standing around. He ran for hours, or so it seemed to 
him. Exhaustion dragged at him, and his run fell to a jog, then a brisk walk, 
then a slow walk. Finally, he simply collapsed. He lay on the hard ground, 
gasping for air. 
" Why did you run?" a female voice asked from the darkness. Tenchi sat 
up and looked around. He still could not see anything. " Were you afraid?" the 
voiced asked. For some reason, Tenchi felt complied to answer.   
" Yes, I was," he admitted.
" Are you still afraid?"
" No, I'm not." Tenchi was amazed to realize that he wasn't, his fear 
had vanished.
" So now what will you do?"
" I...I don't know. I don't know what to do. Please tell me, who are, 
and what is this place."
" Do you not recognize it, this place?"
" How can I when I can't even see my own hand,"
" You do not to see. Look with your mind, not your eyes." Tenchi had no 
idea what she was talking about.
" What do you mean? I don't understand."
" Then allow me to show you." Slowly, Tenchi began to notice a change. 
He could see things, how he wasn't sure, as it was still pitch black. But 
somehow, he could make out the form of objects around him. " Do you now 
realize where you are?" Tenchi did.
" This is my house, I'm in my home."
" Are you?"
" Yes, I'm sure of it."
" Too bad, for this is not your home anymore." 
" What do you mean? Who are you?"
" I am, that is all you need to concern yourself with as far as I go."
" That's not good enough."
" Oh? You challenge my judgement?"


" I do. Who are you to tell me what to think in my own home?" 
" Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha, you amuse me. Very well, let me introduce 
myself." Tenchi turned as the front door opened. A dark image appeared in the 
door. Tenchi could not see who it was, the black swallowed up all but her 
outline. " So, you want to know who I am?" Tenchi suddenly found himself 
unable to speak, but he was able to nod. " I am, the first. I am the one who 
watched the universe grow. I am the one who lives in the dark. I am, eternal. 
That is who I am."
" But what should I call you?" Tenchi blurted out.
" Call me, ha." She quickly walked over to Tenchi. He took a step back. 
" Afraid again, are we?" Tenchi felt her hand softly caress his face. " You 
don't need to fear me, I am here to help you. I alone can help you." 
" Help me...help me with what?" He felt her other hand grasp his 
shoulder. She leaned inclose to him. He could feel her breath, feel a strand 
of hair that brushed his face.
" You need not worry about that now," she whispered. " And do not fret 
over my name. When the time comes, you will know what to call me." She leaned 
in closer, closer. Tenchi felt and allowed himself to be pulled toward her. He 
felt no will to resist. Then suddenly, there was light. A brilliant flash of 
pure white light. Tenchi cried out in shock as he shielded his eyes. A strong, 
familiar voice called out.
" Tenchi! Get back, do not allow her to control you." Tsunami! Tenchi 
cracked open one eye to look. The Jurian goddess stood surrounded by the ten 
wings of the light hawk, their light streaming forth like a river. Tenchi 
looked over at the mystery woman. She was still cloaked in darkness, as if she 
had pulled the shadows around her as shield. 
" Tenchi, remember. Only I can help you." With that, the shadows 
vanished, and so did she.

Tenchi bolted upright in bed with a yell. It was still dark outside, and 
the only light came from his clock, bathing the room in it's red glow. He was 
drenched with sweat and shivering. 
" Tenchi?" He felt a strong hand grab his shoulder as a voice spoke in 
his ear. 
" Get away!" he yelled. At the same time his own light hawk wings 
flashed into existence. There was a short scream and Tenchi heard the owner of 
the voice crash into the far wall. He was in temporary shock. The dream had 
been so real that waking from it had left him disoriented. Then the unexpected 
visitor in his room, and to top it off, he had managed to call forth the light 
hawk wings. With all this going on, it took him a moment to realize who he had 
just thrown across the room. By the light of the wings though, he was able to 
see her clearly.
" Ryoko! Oh my god, are you alright?" The wings faded and Tenchi 
switched on the light. Ryoko was laying on the floor curled into a tight ball. 
There was a hole in the wall and pieces of drywall littered the floor around 
her. Tenchi knelt down beside her. " Ryoko, please say something."
" Wow...that...really...hurt," Ryoko gasped. Tenchi carefully helped her 
sit up. As Ryoko tried to catch her breath, there came a light knock on the 
door, followed by a light but worried voice.
" Lord Tenchi?" It was Ayeka. Tenchi opened the door enough to see out, 
but not enough that Ayeka could see that Ryoko was in the room. 
" Ayeka, is something wrong?" 


" Actually that is what I was going to ask you. I thought I heard you 
yell, and then I'm sure I heard a loud crashing sound." Ayeka's voice was 
filled with concern.
" I'm sorry, that was just me. I had a nightmare and it shook me up a 
bit. I just knocked over some stuff when I got up."
" So your alright?" she asked with obvious relief.
" I'm fine, sorry to have waked you."
" Don't worry about it."
" Alright, goodnight Ayeka."
" Goodnight Tenchi, may your dreams be peaceful." Tenchi shut the door 
and turned back to Ryoko. She was standing up, but was leaning heavily on the 
wall for support.
" Ryoko, are you okay?"
" I'm...fine," Ryoko groaned. Her legs gave out and Tenchi caught her 
before she hit the floor. He carried her over to his bed and sat her down.
" Oh Ryoko I am so sorry about that."
" It's okay...Tenchi...I shouldn't have...surprised you...like that." 
Tenchi didn't know what to say so he ended up just staring at her. After a few 
more minutes her breathing returned to normal and the pain seemed to have 
faded. " Geez, that was unbelievable. I don't think I've ever been hit like 
that. It felt like, like having a planet land on me. I felt like I was going 
to be crushed. Wow."
" I'm...I don't know what to say. I'm sorry Ryoko."
" Hey, it's okay. It was a mistake, don't worry about it."
" Don't worry about it? What else can I do? What if it hadn't been you? 
Sure, Ayeka could have taken that maybe, but what about my dad? Or Sasami or 
Mihoshi or Kiyone? I could have killed them." Tenchi felt a cold tremor run 
down his back at the thought. Ryoko sighed and put an arm around his 
shoulders.
" Well, look at this way. I'm the only one who sneaks into your room at 
night, so I'm the only one who needs to worry about it." Her other hand began 
to trance small circles up his chest. " But if you really feel that bad about 
it, I have some ideas to make you feel better."
" Ryoko," Tenchi said with mild annoyance.
" Well, you can't blame me for trying." She smiled at him, and Tenchi 
found himself returning it. Before he could react, she quickly leaned in a 
kissed him. Just a light press on the lips, and it lasted but a moment. " 
Goodnight Tenchi," Ryoko whispered as she pulled back. Before he could answer 
she vanished. Tenchi could still feel the heat left from her body, along with 
the tightening of his pants left from her kiss. With a sigh, Tenchi got up and 
turned off the light, then went back to bed. He did dreamed again, but this 
time, it was much more enjoyable.

" Tenchi! Boy, get up!" His grandfather's harsh command woke Tenchi with 
a start. He sprung out of bed and ended up flat on his face. " Tenchi, your 
late for your training. Hurry up and get dressed." Tenchi picked himself off 
the floor as his grandfather left. He let out a groan, being late for training 
was among the stupidest things he could think of. He risked glancing at the 
clock. 
" Half an hour, oh shit," Tenchi mumbled to himself. He remembered the 
last time he'd been late for training, it was hard to forget. And that time he 
had only been ten minutes late. 
" He's going kill me, I swear it, this is my last day on Earth." Tenchi got 
dressed as quickly as possible and ran to find his grandfather. 


" Well now Tenchi, your certainly got out here fast. I guess all that 
extra sleep has given you some energy."
" I knew it," Tenchi thought. " I'm toast."
" Lets get started." The next four hours were a nightmare, only this one 
was real. Tenchi was drenched with sweat after the first hour, and things only 
got harder as the lesson progressed. Katsuhito didn't give him a second to 
rest either. He would lecture Tenchi as the fought, and would quiz him at the 
same time. He expected immediate answers, and if he didn't get them, or if 
they were incorrect, Tenchi got a quick reminder of just how much better his 
grandfather was then him. Near the end, things got really nasty. " Tenchi, how 
do expect to protect your women if you can't do any better than this?" 
Katsuhito asked as he pressed his attack.
" My women!? Tenchi exclaimed between blocks. " When did...they 
become... mine? And why would...I have to...protect them? Ryoko and 
Ayeka...can look after themselves. And I pity...the poor fool who tries 
anything with...Washu. Kiyone and Mihoshi are police...officers, they 
go...looking for trouble, there's... nothing I can do to help them. 
And...Sasami has a Goddess looking after her. There's...nothing I can 
or...even need to do to protect them."
" Oh really, then I suppose the incident with Kagato was just a fluke, 
or how about when Dr. Clay dropped by? If not for your ability, we would be 
short several women." Katsuhito dumped Tenchi on his back. " How you managed 
to save them though, I can't image, fighting as you are now." Tenchi tried to 
hit his grandfather in the leg, but he blocked the attack with ease.
" I was only able...to save them because...the light hawk wings 
appeared...I don't know why...but they just show up...when I really need 
them."
" And is that what your going to rely on? That when your in over your 
head, that the wings will just appear and bail you out. Silly boy, you mus 
learn to control them, not have them control you."
" But how? I...can't call them...they just appear on...their own."
" And how many times have you tried to summon them? A dozen times maybe. 
Have you ever tried it on your own? Or have you only attempted when I made 
you?" When Tenchi didn't answer, Katsuhito struck him in the ribs.
" Oww! No!"
" No, what?"
" No I haven't tried on my own."
" Then you have no right to complain about being unable to summon the 
wings. From this day forth, you will spend half an hour a day trying to call 
them. Then once you can, you will spend that half hour training with them."
" I'll try."
" You'll do more than try my boy, you will do more." Katsuhito swept 
Tenchi's bokken out of his hand. " Well pick it up," he commanded when Tenchi 
didn't move.
" Let me help you." That voice! Tenchi nearly fell over. It was the 
voice of the woman from his dream. 
" Tenchi!" Katsuhito raised his bokken. " Boy, what are you doing? An 
enemy would not have waited as I have. Pick up your weapon, or do you wish to 
fight unarmed?" However Tenchi wasn't listening to his grandfather, he was 
listening to the voice.
" Will you allow me to help you?" she asked.
" Yes," Tenchi answered.


" Yes?" Katsuhito was surprised. " Very well. I do not know what you are 
attempting, but I hope for your sake that you do." He struck, swinging the 
bokken heavily toward Tenchi's skull. Suddenly there was a flash, and the 
wooden sword shattered. Katsuhito cried out in surprise as Tenchi's wings 
knocked him back. Tenchi held out his arms, and two wings moved over him, 
transforming into a brilliant white cloth armor. The third glowed for a second 
before becoming a gleaming sword. He grasped the weapon, feeling it's weight 
and balance. Then he struck. Katsuhito barely managed to form his single wing 
in time to block. The sword glanced off the wing, leaving a glowing streak 
upon it's surface. Tenchi struck again, and again, and again. He pushed his 
grandfather back. With each blow Tenchi felt more and more energized. Finally, 
with a yell like the call of the damned, Tenchi smashed the wing apart. His 
grandfather collapsed. Neither one of them moved for several minutes. Then, 
very slowly, Katsuhito pulled himself up. He swayed on his feet, unable to 
stand straight. Tenchi let the wings vanish. 
" Well now Tenchi, it seems I was wrong about you."
" What do you mean grandpa?" Katsuhito turned away and headed off toward 
the shrine.
" Do not worry about training tomorrow, I think you will have other 
things to worry about then."
" What!? What do you mean? Grandfather!" Tenchi watched him leave. He 
felt he should go after him, but something held him back. 
" He's very perceptive, for a Jurian" The voice. Only this time it 
wasn't in his head. It had come from behind him. Tenchi spun around in shock. 
She was behind him, and she was no longer cloaked in darkness. Her hair was 
dark brown except for four orange strands in the front, which sprouted from 
behind a yellow jewel set on her forehead. Her hair flowed like the branches 
of a willow tree. She had dark blue eyes that had the look of one who had seen 
it all. On her neck was a circle of green that might have been paint or a 
tatoo. The color split and moved up on either side of her face, coming to a 
point on her cheeks. She wore elaborate robes of a design that Tenchi had 
never seen, but that seemed somehow familiar. On her chest was a large red gem 
from which streamed two white strips of cloth that circled behind her. 
" You!" Tenchi exclaimed. His response brought a smile to her face.
" Who were you expecting?" she asked.
" But how, I thought...but then that wasn't...what's going on!?" 
" Now now Tenchi, just calm down," she spoke softly, drawing her fingers 
across his face. At her touch, Tenchi felt his fatigue and soreness evaporate. 
" Who are you?" he whispered. She smiled at him.
" We've been over that, you know who I am."
" But how did you do that? How did you call the light hawk wings?"
" You think I did that? Oh no Tenchi, it was you. I only showed you the 
way." She was now standing very close to him, her hand still caressing his 
face. 
" I just feel so confused right now," Tenchi said.
" It's alright, I will look after you. If you ever need me, just call 
me. You know how." Then, just as Ryoko had, she kissed him. Unlike Ryoko 
though, it was a deep kiss, immensely powerful and passionate. " Remember, you 
can always call for me," she whispered as they pulled apart. As Tenchi tried 
to recollect himself she vanished. Tenchi stood were he was for several 
minutes, staring at the empty spot she had occupied. When he found his voice, 
he uttered one word, barely aware that he was speaking at all.
" Tokimi." 



Tenchi spent most of the rest of the day in his room, laying on his bed 
and trying to figure out what the hell was going on.
" Tokimi, who is she? And what about Tsunami? She was in my dream too. 
But she warned me to stay away from Tokimi. And what about tomorrow? 
Grandfather said I would have things to worry about. What things?" Tenchi 
growled in frustration. " Why can't he just tell me? He always has to keep 
everything so mysterious. What was it that Tokimi said, ' He's very perceptive 
for a Jurian.' Does that mean she knows what he was talking about? What does 
she want with me? She seems pretty nice, so why doesn't Tsunami trust her? ' 
Don't let her control you.' What is talking about? Tokimi wasn't controlling 
me, was she?" Tenchi held his head between his hands. Too many questions with 
no good answers. He felt like his brain was going to explode. " Tokimi, you 
said you'd help me. Please, help me understand."
" Very well Tenchi, what do you wish to know?" Tenchi bolted upright. 
Tokimi stood before him, her eyes filled with concern.
" I...I just want to know what's going on around here. Why are you here? 
How do you know Tsunami? And what's suppose to happen tomorrow?" Tokimi sighed 
wearily. She sat down next to him on the bed, staring straight ahead.
" Tenchi, I am here because you will need me. I am the only one who can 
help you."
" Help me with what!?" 
" Please try to understand, you, your life, was designed to serve a 
higher purpose. Your existence was planned long ago, but now things have 
changed. It is no longer how we planned."
" We? What do you mean?"
" I am speaking of Tsunami, Washu, and myself."
" Tsunami and Washu? What do they have to do with this?"
" We are the same. They were once a part of me, as I was apart of them. 
For ages, we were all there was. But then the universe changed. It was no 
longer all the same. The dark and the light separated, and so did we. Tsunami 
to the light, myself to the darkness, and Washu in between. For a while, we 
remained untied in spirit, if no longer in form. But it did not last. Tsunami 
and myself were too different. We could not live together any more. Washu 
helped when she could, but eventually she got sick of it all. She left us, 
forsaking her past and choosing to live among normal people. Not long after 
that, Tsunami and I went our separate ways." She looked at him, and Tenchi 
could see the grief in her eyes. " But now things are changing again. Tsunami 
and Washu have already come together again. They have not yet spoken to each 
other, but they are both here, waiting."
" Waiting for what?"
" For me. There is a great event coming, and it will take all three of 
us to face it. And you Tenchi, are the most important part of all."
" Me!? What do you mean, what can I do!?" Tokimi took Tenchi's hands in 
her own. 
" You will find out. I know that does not help you, but that is all I 
can say. If I told you what to do, it would defeat the purpose. But do not 
fret, you will not be alone. I will help you, despite Tsunami's protests."
" But I thought they were waiting for you, that all three of you had to 
work together. If so, what is it that Tsunami is against?"


" She is concerned about you. As I said before, we do not agree with 
each other. Tsunami is afraid I will take you away, use you for my own 
purposes and leave her and Washu to face the future by themselves. She feels 
this way because I have yet to reunite with her, and Washu. I am not ready to 
speak to them yet though. So she thinks I am trying to sneak around them. She 
is only doing what she feels she has to."
" So she just doesn't trust you?"
" Yes. Neither does Washu. I don't blame them either. I want to help, 
but I'm just not ready." Tokimi fell silent, turning her gaze away from 
Tenchi. He could think of nothing to say, but he felt he had to do something. 
Not quite sure what he was planning, Tenchi reached out and gently took Tokimi 
by the chin, turning her back toward him. Breaking down every wall of 
restraint he had regarding women, he leaned in and kissed her. Tokimi leaned 
into the kiss, pressing her body against his. Tenchi suddenly realized what 
she needed to hear.
" Tokimi, I trust you," he told her. Her eyes watered slightly and she 
tried to smile past the forming tears.
" Oh Tenchi, thank you." She kissed him again, pressing and rubbing her 
body against him. Tenchi circled his arms around her, holding her tightly. 
Tokimi pushed him down on his back and laid on top of him. For the longest 
time they stayed that way, their hands gently caressing the others body while 
their tongues intertwined. Tenchi found an opening in her robes and spent 
several minutes massaging her breasts, rolling his thumb over her tit. She 
moaned into his mouth as he caressed her. He felt her hand as it slid under 
his pants. With one finger she delicately traced the head of his manhood, 
moving in slow, shallow circles. 
" Oh, Ooooh god, ah, oh that feels good," Tenchi muttered. Tokimi smiled 
at him. Tenchi slid his hands under her robes and began to pull them off. He 
pulled the heavy cloth over her head. He was a bit shocked to find that she 
had on nothing beneath. Tokimi sat back, giving Tenchi a full view of her 
body. Her slightly tanned skin was pulled tight over her firm muscles, her 
heavy breasts swaying from her movement. Tenchi let her take off his shirt and 
he brought his hands back down over her, trailing through her silken hair, 
across her face, on down over her breasts and around her hips. She sighed and 
moaned and gasped at his touch. 
" Mmmm, oh Tenchi, yes, ah, ah oh mmmm." Tokimi loosened his pants, 
drawing them down and finally tossing them away. She reached down to caress 
his shaft. Her hand was cool to the touch and sent shivers of pleasure through 
his body. Tokimi bent over and kissed him again, and Tenchi pulled her in 
closer, moving her hips over his own. She let him guide her and gasped when he 
pushed into her. Tenchi moaned as his shaft was swallowed up into her warm, 
moist tunnel. Tokimi rocked her hips forward, sliding down his manhood. She 
slid back as Tenchi thrust into her. Gently, slowly, they moved together, 
trading pleasure between them. Tenchi grasped her firmly by the waist, pulling 
her into his thrusts. Tokimi began to roll her head, moaning softly. Soon she 
was shaking and thrashing about, moaning louder and louder with each motion. 
Tenchi's thrusts became shorter and faster as pleasure built up within him, 
demanding a release. Tokimi's moans escalated into screams of bliss.
" OH! OH! AHHH, OH YES! HARDER, HARDER!," she demanded. Tenchi obeyed 
and pressed harder, pulling back further before thrusting into her as he 
pulled her down with all his strength. Finally he could take no more and his 
whole body tightened, his muscles straining as his seed shot up into Tokimi. 
She cried out from the feeling, arching back as she helped Tenchi keep going a 
few second more until her own orgasm hit. Tenchi felt her inner muscles clamp 
down on his manhood, and Tokimi's body shuddered and shook. Her eyes glazed 
over and rolled back in her head. Tenchi was starting to recover from his 
orgasm and watched Tokimi as she enjoyed the feelings coursing through her. 
Slowly her eyes regained focus and she looked down at him and smiled. Tenchi 
smiled back. Tokimi laid down beside him, but still mainly on him. He kissed 
her and ran hind hand through her hair, causing beads of sweat to fling off.


" Tenchi," she whispered. " Whatever happens from this day forth, 
remember that I will always be there to help you. You must be strong though, 
and brave."
" I will," Tenchi promised. " And if I can ever help you, just ask." 
Tokimi smiled even brighter and snuggled in as close as she could to him.
" I'll remember to, Tenchi."
The End? 
I'm not sure if I should( or could) write a continuation of this story. 
I wrote after reading the comments on the poll regarding the third oav, most 
of which seemed to have little to do with the oav. Anyway, several people 
seemed to express an interest in a Tokimi lemon, so I decided to give it a 
shot. Let me know what you think. 
