Tenchi Muyo: Lineage



    A little bit of FanFic based on Tenchi Muyo OVA



    Disclaimer: Most of the characters herein contained are owned by
Pioneer and AIC. Any other characters/places are the property of their
respective companies. This story was not written with the intent to make
money, and as such cannot be sold. I retain copyright to this work, andä
(see inside cover of a book sometime). Do not post this on the internet
without permission, I donπt want half-finished or altered copies
circulating. Please contact me for permission to use this, or
significant parts of it somewhere. Please feel free to link to the TOC.



    Chapter 5: Pomp and Circumstance
    By Tuor Beleg <TenchiMisaki AT myrealbox.com>


    The next few days passed quickly, and as Thursday evening before
graduation rolled around, everyone was excited, especially Tenchi.



    Tenchi was fidgeting on the couch in the living room, trying to
think of something to do besides watch television. It wasnπt difficult
for him to be distracted by someone coming down the stairs. It was Ayeka
in a very formal and revealing Jurai-styled Kimono.

    "What do you think, Tenchi?" she asked.

    Tenchi wiped a little blood from his nose, "You look Beautiful,
Ayeka."

    Ayeka blushed and walked right up to Tenchi. "You really think so?"
she said, her face inches from his.

    Tenchi blushed and began to sweat. "Iä uhä well, that isä" he began.
Just than Ryoko came down the stairs.

    "Hey Tenchi!" Ryoko yelled. Ayeka stepped back and Tenchi let out a
little sigh in relief.

    Tenchiπs relief didnπt last very long. Ryoko was standing there in a
beautiful low-cut purple crushed velvet dress that ended just below her
knees. Tenchi quickly grasped for a tissue and held it to his nose, then
collected his jaw from the floor.

    "Ryokoä dressä surprisedä beautiful Ryoko, beautiful Ayeka," Tenchi
stammered. He quickly ran up to his bedroom before they noticed his
other reaction, the one that was making it even harder to get blood to
his brain.



    "I wonder what that was about," said Ryoko. Ayeka just walked off,
upset about being interrupted with Tenchi.



    Tenchi meanwhile had locked the door to his room. He lay down on the
bed and loosened his pants. "Gods above, I go through a lot of tissues
with them in the house," Tenchi mused out loud.

    He vividly remembered what the girls had looked like in those
dresses. They stepped forward toward him, Ryokoπs dress seemed to slide
down her body. It caught on her erect nipples for a moment. Ayeka
matched her counterpart step for step, untying her dress and letting it
fall off her smaller, but no less inviting chest. They stood on either
side of him now, Ayeka in an almost translucent set of purple lingerie
and Ryoko in little white cotton panties.

    They pulled him down on his bed and began to take his clothes off.
Ryoko reached over and ripped the princessπ underwear off next. "Nooä"
Ayeka moaned as the space pirate began to pillage her helpless victim.



    Ten minutes later, he wandered back downstairs. "I should stop
reading dadπs magna," he thought.



    Tenchi slid onto the couch and flipped on the television. Despite
earlier events, he was excited about graduation. He would be showing up
with six of the most beautiful girls his class would set eyes on, and he
was anticipating getting back at some of the guys who thought they were
"Godπs gift to women." Besides that, he knew his grades were good, and
he had a stack of university acceptance letters setting on his desk.

    He did have Washu to thank for that. She had tutored him with his
work. If it hadnπt been for that, he didnπt know how he could have
graduated on time.

    Thinking of his acceptance letters shifted his mind a bit, though.
Tenchi still was unsure where he wanted to go, or even if he was going
to go right out of high school. What of becoming a priest at the shrine?
Tomorrow, he decided, he would have to talk to his father and
grandfather about that, but now, it was Thursday, he had the evening
off, and he wanted to watch some TV.

    Flipping through the channels he stopped at Marmalade Boy. Sasami
came downstairs and sat next to him on the couch, she liked this one
too, and besides she had to keep him busy while the others began
preparing for his graduation party. Tenchi and Sasami fell asleep on the
couch with the little princess curled up against him.



    Sasami woke up and looked at the clock, it was after eleven and no
one had come in to bother them. "Well, they must still be working,"
Sasami thought. She woke Tenchi.

    "Bedtime, Tenchi."

    He took her hand and they went upstairs. They stopped at Sasami and
Ayekaπs room.

    "Tenchi, wait here a minute, I donπt think Ayekaπs in bed yet,"
Sasami said, peeking into the room. She turned back to Tenchi and said,
"Hey, ummä can I sleep with you tonight? Ayeka is still working on your
graduation present, and Iπm afraid to sleep alone. Iπve been having a
lot of bad dreams lately."

    Tenchi thought about it for a minute, but he was too tired to argue,
and Sasami looked up at him with her big pink eyes. "Alright," he
finally said. Sasami hugged him and took his hand. Ten minutes later,
she was again curled up next to Tenchi, asleep.



    About two in the morning everyone else decided they were done and
slumped to their rooms to sleep. Ayeka didnπt notice her sister was
gone.

    With so much drama in the L-B-C
    It's kinda hard bein Snoop D-O-double-G
    But I, somehow, some way
    Keep comin up wit' funky ass shit nearly every single day
    And can I, kick a little something mmm for the G's
    and, make a few ends as I breeze, through
    Doncha Know it's Two in the mornin and the party's still jumpin
    cause my momma ain't home
    I got bitches in the living room gettin it on
    and, they ain't leavin til six in the mornin
    So what you wanna do,
    I got a pocket full of rubbers and my homeboys do too
    So turn off the lights and close the doors
    But (but what!) we don't love them whores
    And we gonna smoke a ounce to that
    G's up, hoes down, while you motherfuckers bounce to this

    ["Gin and Juice" live cover by The Gourds of Snoop Dog.]

    Tenchi woke up and went to roll over to hit the alarm. He bumped
into something. As he lay there trying to get his mind to grasp what was
in his bed, Sasami reached over and turned off the alarm herself.

    "Good morning Tenchi," Sasami said.

    "Good morning Sasami," part of Tenchiπs mind replied. Now what was
in his bed?

    Tenchi looked at Sasami a moment. "What theä" he started. "Oh, yeah,
Ayeka." Tenchi said as last night came back to him.

    "What?" asked Sasami.

    "Nevermind," said Tenchi, "Come on, letπs get breakfast."



    The girls spent all morning preparing themselves. Finally, when
Tenchi and his father was sure they were going to be late they got the
last of the girls into the van. Tenchi of course was stuck between Ryoko
and Ayeka. "Well, at least theyπre separated," he thought.

    The girls mobbed around Tenchi as he got out in front of the school.
He had quite a big smile on his face as he watched every guy turn toward
him. A few were even being yelled at by their girlfriends for staring.

    After each girl had their turn at adjusting Tenchiπs graduation gown
and tie, and Ryoko had several, he finally made it to his seat in the
front row. He had made tenth in his class. After several speeches and
even more struggles to ward off sleep, the principal began calling
people up to receive their diplomas.

    Nobuyuki was not just filming the whole thing, but also ran up to
take stills while Tenchi was on stage. He did his best to ignore that,
but he could feel the sweat form as Ryoko and Mihoshi stood and waved at
him and then the rest of his family pulled them down.

    After he walked out the back doors to "Pomp and Circumstance" he
heaved a big sigh of relief. Everyone had managed to keep themselves
reasonably under control.



    Ayeka and Ryoko had fallen asleep in the back seat. How that
happened Tenchi didnπt know. He looked back at them and grinned at the
drool running down their faces. Not surprisingly Mihoshi was also out.
Kiyone leaned up.

    "Tenchi, weπve a surprise for you," she quietly spoke.

    "Really?"

    "Yeah, we sent a bunch of invitations out for a big graduation party
at our place tonight," his father replied.

    Tenchi face-faulted.
