Tuor Beleg (TenchiMuyo@myrealbox.com)
Lemon
Tenchi Muyo: Lineage - Chapter 1: "Chapter 1: No Need for an Opening", 
"One must start at the beginning" ...and introduce everything

==========

	Chapter 1: No Need for an Opening



	Morning light streamed through the window and woke Tenchi moments
before his alarm went off. He slid to the edge of his bed turned off the
alarm before it sounded, and rubbed his eyes.

	After a few moments contemplating a return to dreamland Tenchi
grabbed some clothes and headed off to the men's bath. Opening the door,
he stepped over Ryoko and Ayeka, and drifted into the bathroom. Luckily
with the two asleep, he wouldn't have to suffer any interruptions until
breakfast. Not that he didn't like them. He could hardly imagine life
without them anymore. Sometimes he wished they'd just chill out for a
few moments so he wouldn't have to always look over his shoulder. Well,
at least he could get some time alone on the onsen.



	Just as Tenchi was drifting off to sleep again, his father leaned
in, "Breakfast is Ready, Tenchi. Better hurry, you don't want to be late
for school."

	"Alright Dad" said Tenchi.



	Breakfast was good, and the girls were unusually calm, albeit some
of that was from being groggy, but Tenchi took what he could. "Yes, it's
going to be a nice quiet day in the Masaki household," Tenchi thought as
he waited for the bus, "I wonder what Sasami has packed me for lunch?"



	Tenchi sat under his favorite tree and opened his bento box. He
pulled out an apple and absent-mindedly bit into it. "I wonder what
everyone's up to back home?" he thought, "Hopefully not destroying it."
Tenchi grinned at that, leaned back against the tree and stretched.

	"The girls have been here for almost a year now... Ayeka, Ryoko,
Sasami, Mihoshi... *Yawn*" and letting each one fall through his mind,
he fell asleep.



	"Now Tenchi," Ayeka gruffed, "You know better than to act like that
in front of the council. It's embarrassing!"

	"Sorry Ay-chan," Tenchi said, "I was just happy to be back, that's
all. I hadn't seen you in over a month, dealing with those border
negations in the Scorpio sector."

	"Well, I guess I can forgive you," Ayeka said, blushing, "But don't
let it happen again." Ayeka walked over and planted a big kiss on
Tenchi, and they held each other for a while. "Well, I have to get back
to chambers," she said, "I'll see you later."



	"She's always so silly about protocol," Tenchi thought, "Everyone
knows how we love each other." Continuing to ponder the situation,
Tenchi walked back to the Royal Apartments. He looked at the pictures on
the wall of the children. Four of them now, the oldest son, with his
dark black hair looked so much like his father. He yawned realizing how
much the negotiations had worn him out, and decided on some sleep...



	"Damn!" Tenchi sat bolt upright. He looked at his watch and breathed
a sigh of relief. Still time to make it to class. He had never had a
dream like that before. He packed up the remnants of his lunch and
hurried on to gym.



	"Well students," his teacher said, "Since most of you are going to
graduate in a few weeks, we're going to reward you by working on sword
technique. I trust everyone is MATURE enough."

	Tenchi rocked back and smiled, at last something he was good at. He
knew he'd have to play it safe for the first few days, he didn't want
anyone to think he was too good. A couple of his friends leaned over and
winked at him. They knew all too well of his proficiency with the sword
from his stories.

	As they were paired off, Tenchi grabbed a practice sword and eyed up
his opponent. The guy was a real jock, but his grin wasn't going to last
for long.

	----------



	When he got home, Ryoko and Ayeka were waiting on the path as usual
to greet him. "I don't mind the attention," thought Tenchi, "But I do
wish they were a bit more normal about it." The girls each grabbed an
arm and immediately started asking about his day.



	A quick change of clothes and he headed up to the shrine for his
sword practice with Grandpa. "Beautiful day today, Tenchi," Katsuhito
said, "Soon you will be out of school for the summer, and the shrine
needs some work... but you needn't worry quite yet."

	Katsuhito handed Tenchi his bodkin. "How was school today?" he
asked.

	"Nothing exciting," Tenchi said, "I got a 'B' on my physics test."

	"Washu will not be pleased," his grandfather said, backing up a few
paces and readying himself.

	"I suppose not," Tenchi replied, mirroring his grandfather's moves.

	"So, have you made a decision about which one you'll marry?"
Katsuhito said, trying to catch Tenchi off guard as he moved in to
attack. Tenchi quickly parried. "Or will I have to another eighteen
years to see grandchildren?"

	Practice went on for quite a while that evening.



	Katsuhito stepped back and bowed, signaling that the match was over.
"Well, I see your coming along nicely, Tenchi" he said.

	"Thanks, Grandfather," Tenchi huffed.

	"How are you doing with The Once and Future King?"

	"I just started the Book of Merlin. The British have quite a
different view of royalty."

	"Yes, Tenchi. A ruler should have different perspectives to draw
from."

	Tenchi looked sideways at the old man, "What do you mean by that?"

	"Come, Tenchi," said Grandfather, "Sasami will be upset if we're
late for dinner."


