Tuor Beleg (TenchiMuyo@myrealbox.com)
Lemon
Tenchi Muyo: Lineage - Chapter 2: "Chapter 2: This is a Call", 
Ayeka recieves a call from Jurai

==========


	Chapter 2: This is a Call



	Tenchi sat down at the table; as usual Sasami's dinner was
wonderful. Ayeka, however, looked a little uncomfortable.

	"I received a Message from Jurai today," Ayeka said, "They want me
home soon. It seems my father has been sick lately. Nothing serious, but
they have been missing Sasami and me. Besides, Startica is just under a
month away, and they want me to preside over it this year, since I'm 21
now."

	"We don't have to go yet, though," added Sasami with a slight smile.

	Ryoko was torn. While she was excited at the prospect of having
Tenchi all to herself, she was a little sad to loose Sasami. Besides the
cooking, Ryoko had grown fond of the little princess in the last few
months. Even she was surprised when she first realized that she could
like a member of the Jurian royalty, besides Tenchi of course.



	After dinner, Tenchi caught Ayeka going out the front door. "Would
you like some company?" he asked.

	Ayeka looked at him. She would be going home soon, and she didn't
know if she could make it back soon. "I always like your company," Ayeka
said. Tenchi blushed, thanking the gods it was dark.

	Together they walked up the path and into the woods. They didn't say
anything for a long time. Ayeka was just glad to have someone with her,
especially Tenchi.



	Tenchi broke the silence, "I guess your worried about going home,
aren't you?"

	"Yeah," Ayeka said, and paused for a moment before continuing, "I'm
going to miss everything here. I'm afraid this is the call, that maybe
they won't let me come back to Earth." Tenchi put his arm around Ayeka
just as they approached the top of a rock outcrop, a little cliff.

	"It seems like just yesterday you took me here for the first time,
and soon I'll be going home, at least for a while. I don't want to leave
you, Tenchi," Ayeka said.

	"Well, I graduate in a couple of weeks. Why don't you wait until
then, and we all can go... that is if we can hide Ryoko well enough. I'm
sure Grandfather can find someone to tend the shrine for a few weeks,"
suggested Tenchi. "And besides," he continued, "I'm sure Grandfather
would want to see them too."

	"I guess it can be arranged, then," Ayeka gave Tenchi a big hug. "I
really wish Ryoko wouldn't come along, but we can't leave her, besides
if it lets Tenchi come along, it's worth it," she thought.

	"Besides," Tenchi said, "If we come along that will be an excuse for
you to bring us back at least." Ayeka smiled and leaned on Tenchi's
shoulder.

	"Well, we better head back before anyone starts worrying. Come on,"
Tenchi said as he pulled Ayeka around. She felt much better on the walk
back, but kept her arm around Tenchi until they were almost at the door.
Just as they reached the light, he pulled away and cleared his throat,
straitening up as if he couldn't show his feelings in front of everyone.

	"Goodnight, Princess," Tenchi said as he headed toward the bathroom.

	"Goodnight, Lord Tenchi," she replied.



	----------



	Tenchi woke up to the alarm the next day.



	" Well I know that your in love with him

	'Cause I saw you dancing in the Gym.

	You both kicked off your shoes.

	Man, I dig those Rhythm and Blues..."

	[From "American Pie" by Don McLean]



	He drifted out of bed and switched off the alarm. "I'm glad it's
Friday," he thought. Tenchi wandered down the stairs to breakfast. It
was his favorite today, the white miso and noodles.

	"Thanks, Sasami," he said, giving her a hug. She smiled at him with
her big pink eyes. That always made Tenchi blush, she was going to be
very beautiful when she grew up.

	Ryoko, and Ayeka sat down just across from Tenchi. A thought entered
Ryoko's mind and as she started eating breakfast, she let little drips
of miso soup dribble down her chin. Tenchi tried, in vain, not to look.

	"I hope your day isn't too hard," Ryoko said, playfully teasing the
chopsticks with her tongue. He blushed.

	"Ryoko!" growled Ayeka, as Tenchi sighed in relief.

	"What, what?" asked Ryoko, wiping her face.

	"Umm... I think I have to go now," stammered Nubioki.



	Tenchi had a great day in school. He fought six guys in gym, letting
one of the weaker guys just win and making the rest think he had just
gotten by them.

	Tenchi was tired when he got home, and was glad his Grandfather had
postponed practice for him today. He went up to his room and grabbed
some clothes, planning to spend some time relaxing in the bath. He
didn't notice the bathroom door was ajar.



	Ayeka had planned everything out. When Tenchi had said he was going
to take a bath, she rushed right in while he was gathering his clothes,
and stood in view of the door so he'd see her when he came into the
bath.

	She heard footsteps outside, and hoping they belonged to Tenchi, she
slid off her robe and let it drift down to just above her butt. Just
then he came in the door behind her. Ayeka heard the door open and
stretched her foot in to the water to test it.



	Tenchi stood there, his jaw on the floor. Ayeka continued to let her
robe drop, showing her firm ass. Tenchi could feel his pants tightening.
Ayeka's robe hit the floor and she stepped down into the water. Once she
was in she turned around to reach for her soap, and looked up at Tenchi.



	Ayeka blushed a little, seeing it really was Tenchi, and said, "Oh,
goodness."

	"I... I... I... I'm sorry" stammered Tenchi.

	"It's alright," Ayeka replied shyly. "Would you hand me a washcloth
from over there?" Tenchi quickly dashed to the other side of the onsen,
almost falling over. "Darn it!" Ayeka sighed. He slid down into the
bath, hoping the warm water would relax his erection.



	After the bath, Tenchi went to the kitchen to grab a snack. Sasami
was in there, already working on dinner. "Tenchi!" she scolded as he
took some rice balls out of the fridge, "You'll spoil your dinner; it's
almost ready. Oh, and your grandfather said he was wanted to talk to you
when you came down. He's out at the shrine right now. When you guys get
back dinner will probably be ready."

	Tenchi nodded, "OK." He swiped an apple instead and headed out to
the shrine. "I wonder what Grandfather wants?" he thought.



	"Ah, there you are Tenchi," Katsuhito said as he walked in the door.
His grandfater turned around and got up. "Must be dinner time, hunh?" he
said putting his arm around Tenchi and walking out the door.

	"What did you want to talk about Grandfather?" Tenchi asked.

	"Well, I think it's time we brought your training up a notch.
Tomorrow I want you to bring the sword with you. Have you been trying to
make the Lighthawk Wings lately?"

	"Yeah, but I've hardly been able to get them to form," Tenchi said.

	"Well, we'll have to work on that too, tomorrow. You'll want to be
able to defend the girls, won't you?"

	Tenchi blushed.

	"We'll practice after lunch tomorrow, Tenchi," his grandfather said.




