Tuor Beleg (TenchiMuyo@myrealbox.com)
Lemon
Tenchi Muyo: Lineage - Chapter 3: "Chapter 3: Wings of Silver, Nerves of Steel"
Tenchi's training is taken to a new level

==========

	Chapter 3: Wings of Silver, Nerves of Steel



	Tenchi's alarm went of at ten.



	" Breathe out

	So I can breathe you in

	Hold you in



	And now

	I know you've always been

	Out of your head out of my head I sang



	And I wonder

	When I sing along with you

	If everything could ever feel this real forever

	If anything could ever be this good again

	The only thing I'll ever ask of you

	You've got to promise not to stop when I say when..."

	[From "Everlong" by Foo Fighters]



	Tenchi ambled down the stairs for breakfast. Sasami had some cereal
and sliced fruit on the table. He went over, got the milk out of the
fridge and filled his bowl. "Even when she takes a day off," he thought,
"she still outdoes herself."



	He picked up his bowl and headed into the living room. Ayeka and
Sasami were on the couch. He sat down beside Ayeka.

	"Good morning Lord Tenchi," Ayeka cooed.

	"Yeah, good morning Tenchi," bounced Sasami.

	"Good morning dear princesses," Tenchi replied to Sasami. She
giggled.

	"Lunch will be at one," Sasami said, "Don't spoil it."

	"Alright," Tenchi said.



	After lunch, Tenchi put on his practice outfit, and headed up to the
shrine with his grandfather. Washu was already up there.

	"Alright Tenchi," Washu said, "I want to take some readings as you
try forming the Lighthawk Wings. You just need to relax your body and
concentrate, but don't force it."

	"OK Washu-chan." Tenchi replied.

	"We're going to start with the sword, Tenchi," Katushito said.

	Tenchi brought out the Tenchikin and concentrated. Sparks formed
around the hilts, then the blade thrust out of it.

	"Very good, give me the sword and try the Lighthawk Wings," his
grandfather said.

	The blade disappeared and Tenchi handed his grandfather the hilt. He
immediately made the blade form again for a second, then smiled.



	Tenchi closed his eyes and took three deep breaths. He held his
hands out in front of him and sparks started to form around them. He
kept this up for a few minutes then a dull blue glow appeared between
them. He stopped, breathing heavy. "I can't do it, Grandfather,"

	"Sure you can Tenchi. You were almost there Just relax for a few
minutes and try again," Katsuhito said.

	"Perhaps you should try thinking about how you felt the last time
you formed them," Washu suggested.

	"Alright, I'll try again," Tenchi said.



	Tenchi's grandfather walked behind him and put his hand on Tenchi's
shoulder. "Ready, Tenchi?"

	"I think so." Tenchi closed his eyes and concentrated. Katsuhito
concentrated as well. Moments later a Lighthawk Wing formed just past
Tenchi's hands. Katsuhito took his hand off Tenchi's shoulder and walked
around to face him. The Lighthawk Wing stayed.

	"You're doing it, Tenchi," Washu said. Tenchi slowly opened his eyes
and looked. He brought his right hand up to it and grasped the base, it
turned into a glowing sword.

	"How are you feeling, Tenchi? Can you keep it up?" Washu asked.

	"I think so," he replied.

	Katsuhito held the Tenchikin in his hands and brought out the blade.
"Are you ready, Tenchi?"

	Tenchi nodded. They spared for almost fifteen minutes before
Tenchi's Grandfather got the upper hand. The Lighthawk Sword began to
flicker and faded out. Tenchi stumbled over to a rock and sat down.

	"I think that's enough for today," his grandfather said, resting his
hand on Tenchi's shoulder and handing the Tenchikin back to him.





	--------

	It was a beautiful sunny day, Tenchi thought walking up to the
shrine for practice. He was still a little sore from yesterday's
practice, and hoped his grandfather would go easy on him today so he
wouldn't be sore for school tomorrow.



	"Aaah, there you are Tenchi," His grandfather said, "We're going to
try something a little different. Washu and I decided that it will be
enough right now for you to just try to hold the Lighthawk Wings as long
as you can. You need to get used to them so you can call them whenever
you want."

	Tenchi nodded and set down his bodkin and the Tenchikin.

	"Ok, lets start by seeing how many you can form today," Washu said.

	Tenchi closed his eyes and concentrated. One wing appeared, than
slowly another started to drift into existence, it almost became solid
for a few moments, than disappeared. Tenchi opened his eyes. "I think
that's it," he said.

	"That's ok, Tenchi," Katsuhito said, "Now hold that one for as long
as you can."

	After about fifteen minutes, Katsuhito said, "Alright Tenchi, lets
make it interesting for you. Try moving it into different shapes and
holding those for a few minutes." They continued on for another half
hour, and finally Tenchi let the wing fade out.

	"That was very good. You realize that was enough energy to remove
most of this island you just expended," Washu said.

	Tenchi looked in amazement. He didn't realize he was capable of that
much. As if to underscore how much it was, his legs began to shake and
he sat down.

	"Come on, Tenchi, it looks like you could use some tea and a bite to
eat," Washu said, leading him into the shrine. I've been here so long
I'm turning into his mother, thought Washu, it must have something to do
with missing my daughter... and son.




