                        Tenchi Muyo: Lineage



    Disclaimer: Most of the characters herein contained are owned by
Pioneer and AIC. Any other characters/places are the property of their
respective companies. This story was not written with the intent to make
money, and as such cannot be sold. I retain copyright to this work, andä
(see inside cover of a book sometime). Do not post this on the internet
without permission, I donπt want half-finished or altered copies
circulating. Please contact me for permission to use this, or
significant parts of it somewhere. Please feel free to link to the TOC.



                Preface: A little about what to expect



    Here you are, ready to sit down and read a story, so I guess I
should arm you with the background. There are quite a few holes to fill
in writing a story like this, and while my own imagination is important,
I might as well not re-invent the wheel here. You might notice a few
themes drawn in from the Celtic legends and the Arthurian, JRR Tolkien,
Babylon 5, and DUNE. Well, these are some of the things that have shaped
me, I canπt just throw them out.

    Hopefully, with all this floating around in the story, I havenπt
created static, and these ideas form to support the Tenchi universe
rather than diminish it. Why would I change what I love?



    Oh, yeah, do you like your lemon-aide regular or extra sweet?



                            Introduction:



    This story takes place after OVA 13, Daughter of Darkness, and
Tenchi Forever.

    Ryoko and Ayeka are still jealous, but arenπt so aggressive. Ryoko
came from the cave and watched Tenchi grow, Kakato imprisoned a much
more tolerable Washu (especially without those *&%@ "A" and "B" dolls).
Fit in some of the "Details" in your mind, or be patient until I can
write a Prequel.



    We start about five months after Tenchiπs safe return, five rather
"quiet" months for the Misaki household. Tenchi has recovered.



    Notes on the work:

    I know, the first intro was small, but this is its intention, a
place to comment on my story as I write it. With my thoughts wandering
into oddly-grammared sentences. Well, here goes:

    Chapters 1-3: I like keeping them short, I hope it makes them easier
to read. Iπm just getting started here, there are currently 12+ chapters
like that on my harddrive, and I havenπt even written into the main
thrust of the plot yet.

    Chapter 4: I am releasing it with this update. Itπs not the greatest
chapter, but I think the following chapters will make up for it.

    Chapters 5-6: Well, I was going to get to the point of the story
sooner, but I seem to have turned down some interesting side roads, with
Tenchi graduating and all. Donπt worry, a first battle is coming up
soon, and maybe even a wedding is in the future.

    The Music:

    You have to think about that. What kind of music does Tenchi listen
to? I had to pick something for his clock-radio station, unfortunately
Iπve never been to Japan, so I have to stick with something I know.
Based on his character, this is what I think he would listen to:

    Classical≠Tenchi definitely has classical CDπs. Also traditional
music. Itπs likely what he listens to when he studies or does homework.

    Mainstream≠i.e. some Japanese and European rock and techno bands. It
fits into the culture of a late-nineties Japanese teenager.

    Various US bands≠likely things from the Beatles and Dylan up through
some bands youπll find on the chart today. Remember Japan, like most of
the world, imports lots of American culture. Likely he has a couple of
American "Pop" albums also. Iπd have to put him toward classic rock for
the same reasons I think he listens to lots of classical music.

    So I picked a radio station. It plays a mix of US music. Good to
wake up to anyway.









    Comments that are spoilers (Indexed by chapter. You have been
warned)



    Ah, yes. The åevilπ chapter 4. Flashbacks. I HAD to fill in the
twists I used to put two movies into this universe.

    Unfortunately, I donπt think it flows smoothly, so hereπs a brief
description of my attempts.

    I need to rationale Kiyone living there. I write her in as an
addition to the GP force in the area. The main reason being very
significant people in the Jurai royal family live there. One very good
officer doesnπt attract attention, can be dismissed away by
administration, and can be a first line of defense in danger. Of course
these people arenπt defenseless, but the GP report on that is highly
classified.

    Tenchi has a daughter from the second movie, which is much more like
the OVA than the TV show. It would be difficult to have her living in
the house, being raised by a group of young, single adults, and get the
plot going anywhere I want it to. I have Washu keep Myuka as a gemstone,
ready for when Tenchi marries and decides he wants to start a family.
Tenchi would want whatπs best for his daughter.

    Strangely, the last movie is easiest to fit in. I like the character
direction everyone takes in the movie. It puts everyone on a level where
they are close to overcoming differences and making decisions. The only
catch is to make sure Tenchi can graduate in time for the story, but not
so that he has kept the girls waiting too long for a decision. I think
it just BARELY fits.