Disclaimer:  Got Tenchi?  Me neither.  Actually AIC and Pioneer own his ass.  
After being deeply emotionally scarred by Tenchi in Tokyo, I just write this 
stuff as therapy.  ;)


************************

"Oh, wow, Ryoko," Mihoshi gushed as she took a seat on the cushy maroon couch.  
"This is like being back on Earth; it's so homey!  And this tea is almost as 
good as Sasami's!"  Mihoshi grinned broadly, as she looked around at the room.  
It really was much more cheerful than the rest of the cavern hideout.  With its 
ricepaper walls and collection of knickknacks it really felt like they were in 
their old home just hanging out over tea.  

Ryoko chuckled proudly.  "Well, Hotsuma made it for me according to my exact 
specifications.  Hey, that's right!  You guys haven't been properly introduced 
yet!"  Ryoko lit up slightly as she looked over her shoulder for a glint of 
blond hair in the shadows of the doorway.  She didn't see him anywhere near the 
edge of the room.  He was usually a respectful distance away, but near enough 
for her to call if she needed him.  "Oi, Hotsuma!  Hoooootsssssuma!" she sang 
out.  There was still no sign of him.  Her features slipped into an expression 
of child-like disappointment.  This was finally her chance to share her big news 
with her friends, and the baka wasn't around!  Men had such rotten timing when 
it came to these things.  "Oh, well... I guess he's still busy in the loading 
bay.  He takes care of all that boring post robbery stuff for me," she sighed 
regretfully.  

 In his computer control room, Hotsuma winced.  He would have preferred being by 
Ryoko's side, but under the circumstances he needed to be able to act freely if 
these two "friends" posed a threat to him.  It wasn't merely his happiness with 
Ryoko that was threatened; it was Yugi's security.  It was his freedom and his 
very existence.  The stakes were too high to let his emotions govern his 
actions.  He had to reduce it down to being logical-practical even.  His 
continued nightmares were only making that harder to do, and now he was 
beginning to feel the dull throb of a looming headache.  

On the large view screen, Kiyone was changing the subject.  "I thought our 
disguises were really good, Ryoko.  How long did you know it was us anyway?"  
She'd relaxed around her cup of tea and was rolling her shoulders to loosen up 
her muscles as she spoke.  She liked this retreat very much, but knowing Ryoko 
she was surprised that it wasn't something more lavish like a casino or an 
onsen.  

Ryoko cackled with glee.  "Um.  Let's see, I'd have to say it was from the time 
Zeltris told me about the crazy blonde and her keeper who attacked his hangar 
and then blackmailed the coordinates out of him.  Of course, when I arrived at 
the tryouts there wasn't anyone matching the description, but there were only 
two women.  Not to mention Mihoshi was waving at me."  Ryoko grinned fondly at 
the memory as she leaned over her teacup.  

Mihoshi turned to her partner and watched as the teal-haired officer smacked her 
forehead into her palm and sighed in exasperation.  The bubbly woman decided to 
try to cheer her friend up, since it certainly wasn't their fault that they'd 
been the only women to show up.  "Maybe, next time we should disguise ourselves 
as men," Mihoshi suggested innocently.  

Ryoko came dangerously close to snorting tea from her nostrils as she fought 
back a gale of laughter.  She waved Kiyone off as the affronted officer told her 
and Mihoshi both off.  When she could finally speak Ryoko turned to Kiyone and 
said, "Don't you think you confused poor Aicheron enough, already?  I can only 
imagine how he'd have reacted to a man named Kei-lyn checking him out and 
drooling every time they were on cleaning detail together."  She broke back down 
into peals of laughter, as Kiyone nailed her with a pillow and turned away in a 
huff.  

"Why, Ryoko?" Kiyone asked abruptly.  She was tired of beating around the bush, 
and she couldn't understand how someone she knew so well could run off without a 
word and totally change her life.  Yet underneath she was still the same old 
Ryoko.  

"Why wouldn't Aicheron be comfortable with a man throwing himself at him?" Ryoko 
asked mischievously, as she raised her brows and leaned in toward her friend.  
Taunting Kiyone had been one of her favorite family pastimes for ages.  It was 
only second to taunting Ayeka.  

"No.  Why did you go back to piracy?" Kiyone asked bluntly, as she crossed her 
arms and shot Ryoko a warning look.  

"Kiyone, I'm a pirate.  It's part of the job description," Ryoko replied with a 
wave of her hand.  She really wanted to get away from this topic and get back to 
the good-natured fun.  Her friends were here, so why waste time talking about 
depressing things.  

"Fine.  Why did you leave Earth suddenly with no word?  Something happened with 
Tenchi didn't it?" Kiyone shot back.  She could feel herself going into 
interrogation mode, and she concentrated on searching for ways to get past the 
facade that Ryoko was obviously keeping up.  

"When?  I don't know what you're talking about," Ryoko replied nonchalantly.  
She tried to convey with her body language the ridiculousness of Kiyone's 
assertion, as she blew off the questions.  "Nothing happened," she maintained, 
giving Kiyone a shrug.  

"Uh-uh!  On the night of the festival!  Something happened between you and 
Tenchi, didn't it?  Why won't you tell me?" Kiyone shouted.  She leaned across 
the cushion and fixed Ryoko with a demanding glare.  

"Look I told you already, nothing happened.  Okay?" Ryoko replied, waving her 
hands as she drew back.  She needed a little distance under Kiyone's barrage of 
questions.  

"Then why did you leave Earth?!" Kiyone yelled angrily.  

"That's none of your business!" Ryoko hollered back with narrowed, glistening 
eyes.  She was starting to feel sullen, and the more Kiyone pushed the more she 
wanted to run away from this conversation.  She turned her face away, as she 
crossed her legs and threw her arm over the back of the sofa.  It wouldn't do 
for anyone to see the universe's greatest space pirate looking rattled.  

"You know, Ryoko, you might be a great space pirate, but you're an awful liar," 
Kiyone accused.  She too wore a sullen expression, but within moments it turned 
to a look of worry as she tried another tact.  "Okay, so will you at least tell 
me what you're doing with this Hotsuma guy?" Kiyone asked.  

Ryoko recognized the worried look as she glanced over.  She didn't like the way 
this conversation was going, or what Kiyone was insinuating with that look.  She 
was a space pirate to be reckoned with; she didn't need Kiyone treating her like 
a helpless child!  Likewise, Hotsuma had already proven himself to her, and 
Kiyone should know enough to respect Ryoko's judgment.  She'd wanted so badly to 
tell her friends all about him, but not like this.  "I'd have to say that's also 
none of your business," Ryoko said sharply turning her head back.  

"You have to admit, that he's not in the same class as Tenchi," Kiyone drawled.  
She watched closely as she waited for Ryoko's response.  She wasn't the only 
one.  

Tenchi was innocent in ways that Ryoko doubted either she or Hotsuma had ever 
been.  Tenchi was indeed in a different class, but she and Hotsuma were the 
same.  They lived for the thrill, and they went directly for the things they 
wanted.  Tenchi had toyed with her when he'd felt all along that she wasn't good 
enough for him, but she and Hotsuma were on the same level.  "Yeah," she sighed, 
lost in her private thoughts.  "But Tenchi's not the only man in the world," she 
added, looking at Kiyone from the corners of her eyes as she continued to face 
away.  

Hotsuma turned his back on the view screen and closed his eyes.  He lowered his 
head and growled as Ryoko's words swept through him.  She hadn't defended him at 
all!  She'd agreed to him being less than Tenchi, and then she'd insinuated that 
she was just with him because she couldn't have Tenchi.  He'd thought that she 
had gotten past her old fixation with that boy, but here she was obviously 
saying she'd only settled for what she could have.  

"You can't mean that!" Kiyone exclaimed, looking ready to stand up in her 
excitement.  Ryoko had just told Kiyone point blank that she didn't want Tenchi 
anymore-that someone else could hold her attentions just as fully.  

"Oh, but I do," Ryoko told her with assurance.  

Kiyone thought for a moment, then asked shrewdly.  "Well, if you don't want him, 
then can I have Tenchi?"  She looked up at the ceiling innocently, before 
casting an open look at the surprised space pirate.  Maybe if she shifted the 
spotlight off of Tenchi and Ryoko, the defensive pirate would finally drop her 
guard.    

"You can't be serious," Ryoko protested lightly, knowing full well that Kiyone 
had never displayed genuine interest in Tenchi as a boyfriend.  

"Why?  I think that Tenchi deserves a sober, law-abiding girl like me," Kiyone 
maintained aloofly.  She sipped her tea gingerly for emphasis.  

Ryoko rolled her eyes.  "Besides, you're too late," Ryoko said absently.  "When 
I last saw them Tenchi and Sakuya..." she broke off as she realized what she'd 
just revealed.  She tried to finish the sentence nonchalantly, but she couldn't 
say that Tenchi had been kissing Sakuya.  Not nonchalantly.  Not at all.  Hot 
tears welled up stinging her eyes, and Ryoko's voice shook as she stumbled over 
the troublesome syllables.  When the wounded pirate looked over, Kiyone's look 
of sympathy was more than she could bear.  Ryoko quickly rose to hide the raw 
pain still evident in her face.  "Enough!" she bellowed over the twittering 
commentary about what might have happened that ran between Mihoshi and Kiyone.  
"I just want to forget about it!" Ryoko spat as she walked proudly towards the 
doorway.  She refused to leave looking like some toy that Tenchi had broken in 
his excitement for a newer plaything.  

Hotsuma watched her stop as Kiyone reminded her exactly where they were 
standing, and within a few sentences Ryoko and her friends seemed to draw closer 
than before.  As the discussion about good times on Earth filtered into the room 
over the speakers, Hotsuma opened up the communications satellites.  "I'm sorry, 
Ryoko," he said wryly, "But I can't have you consorting with the Galaxy Police."  
By the time he was done with sending his message the conversation had shifted to 
the topic of what precisely Kiyone and Mihoshi's mission had been.  

Hotsuma was filled with both relief and guilt as the early detection net set off 
a warning alarm that destroyed the peaceful reunion before him.  The only way to 
keep him and Ryoko out of the conflict between Yugi and the Earth guardian was 
to keep Ryoko away from Earth.  It was time to put the wedges back between Ryoko 
and her old friends.  

He quickly teleported over to the doorway; the women were still getting to their 
feet in confusion when he came rushing in.  "Ryoko, the Galaxy Police are here!" 
he warned trying to sound out of breath from a scramble.  

"Huh?" Ryoko replied as she tried to put the pieces together.  He must have 
known that Mihoshi and Kiyone were GXP, when Aicheron brought them in at blaster 
point.  "I thought you already knew about Kiyone and Mihoshi," she said in 
confusion.  "Look, my friends are okay," she reassured him with a wink.  

"Really?" Hotsuma retorted, raising an eyebrow sarcastically as he clicked the 
main view screen up.  They were faced with a projection of a Galaxy Police 
armada entering their space.  A shiny new battle cruiser with all the firepower 
of a destroyer led the charge, and a swarm of smaller GXP cruisers defended it 
with their many lasers.  "You were saying?" he prompted Ryoko.  He watched her 
expression turn cold to the other women, as she accepted his words and gave in 
to suspicion.  

"Ryoko, I swear I didn't call in," Kiyone stammered.  Just when things were 
going so well, they switched to going catastrophically wrong.  She couldn't 
understand how the fleet knew their location, and she couldn't find the words to 
appeal to Ryoko.  She couldn't think of a thing to make Ryoko believe her.  

"This is why I went back to being a pirate," Ryoko hissed, as she looked back 
over her shoulder at the two dazed officers, "To disrupt the world that nasty 
backstabbers like the two of you walk around in."  

"C'mon, Princess!  Let's move!" Hotsuma called out, as he rushed her to Gaiyan.  
It had been better when it was just the two of them in many ways.  He reached 
into his pocket and gave Ryoko's locket a reassuring squeeze; the update was 
only half finished, and he wouldn't have left it behind for anything.  He knew 
he wouldn't feel relieved until the ship's airlock closed around them.  With 
Gaiyan's capacity for speed, they still had plenty of time to avoid the fleet.  
They'd be safe in a few minutes.  

Back in the mock-up of the Masaki living room, Kiyone instructed Mihoshi to try 
to stop Ryoko while Kiyone took care of something personal.  The two detectives 
took off in separate directions at a dead run.  Around her Kiyone could see 
agitated pirates gathering up gold and weapons as they prepared to either fight 
or flee.  One of the burly pirates who'd seen her escorted to the hangar earlier 
spotted Kiyone, and the world seemed to run impossibly slow as with a snarl he 
brought his weapon to bear.  She heard him cursing at her for being a "damned 
GXP spy", and she leaped to the right as a laser arc cut through the air between 
them.  

The brute turned quickly, trying to get a new lock on her.  The laser sight on 
his gun was activated and its little red beam was already climbing across her as 
Kiyone scrambled to her feet.  Kiyone closed her eyes as a flash of light 
momentarily blinded her.  She could hear a strangled scream, and when she could 
see again her attacker was lying motionless on the floor.  "Are you okay?" asked 
a familiar gruff voice.  

Kiyone nodded wordlessly.  "The Galaxy Police are coming, but I swear I didn't 
call them..." she blurted out hurriedly.  She was afraid that he would argue the 
point with her, and she didn't have the time to waste, if she was going to get 
Aicheron off the base before it was too late.  

"I know," he agreed calmly, holding up his palm to display the communicators 
that she and Mihoshi had given him earlier.  "According to the internal logs, 
these haven't been activated in weeks, and I know that I didn't call the GXP.  I 
take it things didn't go well with your friend."  He held up her hand and slid 
the transmitters into her palm; then he closed her fingers around them.  Next, 
he held out a small blaster for her.  "Let's get you out of here before any 
other pirates spot you," he told her, as he grabbed for her arm.  

Kiyone shook her head and jerked her arm out of his reach; there was that 
misplaced chivalry again.  "Follow me," she commanded dragging him by the arm 
instead.  "I'll be fine, but you have to get out of here fast!  The secondary 
hangar should be less crowded, and I have a ship there that you can escape in."  
Despite his protests, she led him through the busy corridors to the auxiliary 
hangar, knocking aside anyone who got in her way.  The ship she and Mihoshi had 
originally arrived at Kemvar in was waiting there.  It required GXP passcodes, 
and the fleet would confuse it for one of their own if they scanned it.  

She glanced over the hangar quickly as the narrow stone passage opened into a 
brightly lit room with limestone walls reaching high above to the lofty ceiling.  
Two ships were already exiting through the open hangar shutter in the center of 
the ceiling.  She spotted the small, grayish craft she'd used at the far right 
of the hangar.  It looked like a shitbox, but she knew it had a very fast drive 
hidden underneath its worn fa‡ade.  There was a pirate with a large sack of 
black-market instruments standing in their way, and Kiyone hit him with a well-
placed roundhouse kick as he turned at the sound of their rushing footfalls.  

With a wide grin Aicheron looked back at the unconscious man.  "I have to admit 
you have style, Miss Makibi!" he called as she opened the hatch to the ship and 
started running down the launch codes with him.  There wasn't that much to 
remember, and the ship did most of the prep automatically.  

Kiyone activated the holographic star maps and the GXP sensor reports, so that 
they'd have a clear view of the approaching fleet and the layout of the 
surrounding areas.  "They're coming in on this vector here, so your best chance 
would probably be to head into that debris belt along the Kemvar arc.  I think 
it's a less obvious course than to travel straight ahead of them.  This beacon 
right here will identify you as GXP according to their sensors..." she rattled 
off pointing to the consoles and controls in turn, as he leaned over her 
shoulder and studied the instruments.  

When she'd finished they said their goodbyes standing in the hatchway.  "Listen 
to me," Kiyone began nervously.  "I'm keeping you out of my report, but if you 
stay in this business the GXP will eventually hunt you down and capture you.  If 
it's not me, the GXP will send somebody else after you.  Once they get you it 
could be prison or even execution.  I don't want to be sitting at my desk and 
read a report or a news article about it one day.  When you get out of here, 
don't meet back with Ryoko's gang and get out of this life while you still can, 
okay?"  Kiyone told him earnestly.  She tried to keep a reign over her emotions, 
but her stomach felt like it was doing summersaults at the thought of probably 
never being able to see him again.  She wanted to say so much more, but there 
wasn't time.  

Aicheron's eyes softened and he nodded slowly as he ran his fingers through her 
long teal locks.  He kissed her tenderly, but he kept it short knowing that he 
need to leave as soon as possible.  "Finding yourself irresistibly attracted to 
a space pirate," he laughed with a slight smirk.  "That's pretty bad luck for a 
Galaxy Police Detective," he teased.  

Kiyone grinned back.  "Finding yourself irresistibly attracted to a GXP 
Detective, that's pretty bad luck for a space pirate," she teased back.  She 
lowered her face as she backed out of the hatchway, and she watched the doors 
close between them.  She looked up as the small craft lofted into the air and 
rose through the open roof.  It grew smaller in the distance, and Kiyone hoped 
that she wouldn't find his name among the captured or killed when the reports 
started coming in from this seizure.  

Mihoshi ran across the hectic hangar towards her partner's side.  She arrived 
out of breath and had to stand with her hands on her thighs as she recovered 
from her sprint across the base.  "I tried to stop her Kiyone, but she just 
wouldn't listen.  She and that blond guy... what's his name?  They got into 
their big ship and flew away, and Ryoko looked really sad just before they left.  
I just couldn't get through to her," Mihoshi panted.  "How did your task go?"  

Kiyone looked over at her best friend and a small smile tugged at the corner of 
her mouth.  "You know what, Mihoshi?  I think I accomplished exactly what I 
needed to."  

Days later Ryoko and Hotsuma had rejoined the remaining members of their gang, 
and they were trying to recoup their losses at a phenomenal rate.  Hotsuma had 
secured them a new base, and after some well-placed persuasion he'd insured that 
Ryoko had no intentions of heading back to Earth anytime soon.  Like most things 
with Ryoko, the secret was to make her think it was her decision all along.  
Their relationship still hadn't gone back to normal, however, and Ryoko had been 
beyond rude lately as she transferred her anger for Tenchi and her friends onto 
everyone around her.  

At the moment she was letting off steam by robbing an entire planet, while he 
sat at the base of a tremendous tree and watched her bully the citizens into 
submission.  With her reputation most people would cow down at the mere mention 
of her name, but Ryoko was taking it one better than that as she fought 
barehanded against monks of the shrine for this tree village.  It gave release 
to her anger, while at the same time reinforcing the terrible tales about her.  
Judging by the canine-revealing smirk she wore, Ryoko was enjoying the exercise 
greatly.  While she dished out the bruises and gashes, a contingent with anti-
gravity packs liberated the golden goddess statue from its vantage high above.  

The last of the monks landed in a pile at Ryoko's feet, and she paused to wipe 
the sweat from her brow with the corner of his robe, while she examined the 
beautiful golden deity that was winging its way into her coffers.  A low growl 
to her left alerted Ryoko to a new attack and she reached out instinctively to 
block it.  A green-eyed boy who looked slightly smaller than Sasami hurled 
himself at her, and Ryoko caught him by his dirty, tattered collar, hauling him 
off the ground with only one arm.  

The child spat every curse he knew at Ryoko, while the mothers in the village 
pulled their children against their skirts and warned them not to look.   Ryoko 
pulled back her fist as if to strike, and it was clear that she could easily 
take his head off with one punch.  

Hotsuma felt his chest suddenly constricting as heat coursed through his veins.  
He struggled to breathe; his mouth had gone dry, and he realized that his hands 
were shaking.  There was something about this scene that bothered him, and he 
didn't know why.  Still, he couldn't look away.  He rubbed his left temple as he 
watched Ryoko closely.  

The child had nearly screamed, when he'd seen Ryoko's fist haul back, and the 
assembled crowd gasped loudly, drawing away from the violence before them.  
"Relax!  Your little brat is perfectly safe!  I don't intend to kill him," Ryoko 
snarled at the crowd.  They were obviously still nervous, but they seemed to 
understand that death was not imminent for this child.  

"Who're you calling a brat?" the angry boy demanded, and he lashed out at her 
with a kick to the knee that left Ryoko howling.  

"Oh that does it!" Ryoko fumed at him, tightening her grip.  She moved the 
majority of her weight onto her other leg, knowing that her rapid healing would 
start to mend what felt like a torn ligament in her right knee.  No one got a 
hit in on Ryoko the space pirate, especially not some snot-nosed brat with too 
much attitude.  "I was going to let you live, but now you're toast!"  Her eyes 
narrowed to near slits and her fist flexed in readiness.  She gulped audibly as 
she hesitated-her fist still at the ready.  

Hotsuma buried his face in his hands and slumped forward as a burst of white-hot 
pain lanced through his skull.  His mind filled with the vision of another town-
a desert town filled with olive-skinned people.  He was standing in the town 
center, while a band of rough looking men gathered up the town treasury that sat 
behind him.  An enraged scream rang out, and from between the legs of the 
onlookers shot a child in a loose blue tunic.  The boy tried repeatedly to hit 
Hotsuma with his small shaking fists, but Hotsuma easily blocked the blows with 
his palms and laughed heartily at the pathetic attempt.  The boy's unruly black 
hair clumped against his forehead with perspiration and tears flowed freely from 
the child's completely black eyes.  

"I won't let you take everything!" the boy shouted furiously.  "My parents and 
everyone worked so hard, and I won't let you take everything away from them!"  
He released another flurry of strikes, which Hotsuma gleefully blocked.  Finally 
getting bored, the pirate backhanded the strange child hard enough to send him 
spinning into the sandy dirt of the main street.  

"You don't have any clout in the matter," Hotsuma sneered.  He pushed his 
glasses up with his middle finger, and the sun glinted threateningly off the 
smooth lenses.  "You should just be thankful that I'm leaving you your lives!  I 
could take those just as easily as I take your wealth."  He turned on his heel 
and began to walk away from the screaming furious boy.  Behind him, he could 
hear the laughter of his men drowning out the frustrated screams, as the pirates 
gathered up the remainder of the town's money.  

"Do it, Ryoko!" Hotsuma growled still cradling his throbbing head.  His voice 
sounded strained to his own ears, and he could feel a deep panic overtaking him.  
The pain in his head was becoming unbearable.  She had to kill him!  She had to 
kill him!  "Do it, now!"

At Hotsuma's words Ryoko's fist zoomed in towards the boys face, as his green 
eyes opened impossibly wide with shock.  She suddenly saw a glint at her wrist, 
as the sun broke through the tree canopy and reflected off the crystal that 
Tenchi had given her.  Had she fallen so far from virtue that she could cold-
bloodedly slaughter a child?  She'd led a normal life back on Earth, but if she 
did this there really was no going back.  This would be the last piece of her 
innocence that was destroyed as well.    

Ryoko's fist stopped less than an inch from the terrified boy's cheekbone.  She 
stared dumbfounded at the crystal, which hung wrapped around her wrist like a 
bracelet.  "Tenchi," she whispered to herself.  She would really be a monster to 
him and everyone else if she did this.  She already had what she'd come for.  
She flung the child at the crowd and started to walk away.  

Hotsuma's vision went red, as he saw himself in silhouette on some other planet 
some other time.  He was walking away as his men loaded the last of their hall 
into the shuttles.  One silhouette broke away from the crowd and rushed in 
behind the unsuspecting pirate.  The young man's arm drew forward and the shadow 
of a large knife arced downward.  That familiar nightmare pain exploded low in 
Hotsuma's back, and he struggled not to scream as it spread through his body.  
The young man in the vision turned Hotsuma around, and the pirate stared 
directly into his hate-filled black eyes.  "This is how you meet your end, you 
bastard!" mocked the young man.  "You destroyed my family, our town, my life.  
I've waited years to repay you," the man finished, as he flung the bleeding 
pirate into the dirt.  

"Dammit, Ryoko!  You can't let him live," Hotsuma protested whirling her around 
by the shoulder to face him.  The vision had faded, but the feelings from it 
were still riding him down under their weight.  She was making a grave mistake, 
and he had to stop her.  

"I'm the space pirate Ryoko; I can do anything I want!" she reminded him coldly.  
Hotsuma had never questioned her actions in front of anyone, and she surely 
wasn't going to let him start now.  "He's just a kid!  He can't do anything," 
she argued as the gestured towards the crying child with a flourish of her arm.  

"He won't be a child forever, and you may be about to leave a potential enemy 
alive behind you," Hotsuma whispered heatedly.  His hair flew outwards as he 
rounded on the child himself and pointed at the target of his rage.  "Never, 
leave an enemy behind!  Cut him down now, and let him serve as an example to 
others," he protested.  "If you don't finish him off, I will!"  He could feel 
his vision going blurry as the pain became excruciating.  Hotsuma reeled 
slightly, but caught himself by using Ryoko's shoulders for support.  

Ryoko drew her face close to his and studied his sweaty, strained features.  
"What the hell is wrong with you?" Ryoko demanded privately.  She was acutely 
aware of the changes in her partner as of late.  That first nightmare had only 
been a precursor of things to come, as he had continued to jerk awake screaming 
every night since with dreams that he refused to talk to her about.  He was 
constantly on edge lately, and she'd seen him rubbing his temples habitually for 
about a week, as if he had a headache that just wouldn't go away.  He was hell 
to live with lately, and she had problems of her own to sort out!  

She teleported them back to Gaiyan to finish this latest fight.  Normally, she'd 
have just led him into the sky, but he was in no shape to fly right now.  
Besides, the more distance she put between her partner and that brat the better.  
"I want an answer, Hotsuma, and I want it now!" she thundered at him.  

"I thought you were a space pirate!" Hotsuma hissed back.  "The great Ryoko!  
But apparently you're a little queasy about the job description these days!  If 
you can't take care of yourself, it's my job to do what you need done for you!  
Remember?"  He was trying to bring his breathing back under control, and the 
pain had receded to only his head and near the base of his spine.  

"That's not what I meant," Ryoko countered.  Ryoko pointed an accusing finger at 
the tall blond man.  "I want to know what the hell is wrong with YOU!  What's 
going on, PARTNER?" she asked, as she whirled on him and fixed him with a scowl.  

"Oh!  I'm fine!" Hotsuma answered, sardonically.  He let the sarcasm ooze from 
his smooth voice until his temper overwhelmed it as he continued, "I'm just so 
touched by the sudden concern from someone who's spent all her time doing 
nothing but lashing out at everything in sight for the past few days!  Should I 
assume that I'm the only target left standing?" He knew he should stop pushing 
at her, but at the moment he was too frustrated and he needed to yell.  

Ryoko stormed off to go find something worth pounding into dust.  How dare he 
talk to her like that!  Tenchi would never say something like that to her.  He'd 
never push her to murder children.  Of course not!  Tenchi wasn't a pirate.  
Shrinemasters didn't do things like that!  As far as yelling at her went, she'd 
always placed Tenchi on such a high pedestal that he'd rarely had need to put 
her in her place-only when she'd gotten in the way of him and Sakuya at the 
family's anniversary celebration.  And maybe he was normally too afraid of 
Ryoko's temper and powers to raise his voice to her.  Would he have fought with 
her if she'd only been a normal girl?  Once again Ryoko found herself 
preoccupied with thoughts of Earth.  Since seeing Kiyone and Mihoshi, all her 
emotional wounds had been reopened, and sometimes she felt like she was drowning 
in her own questions-in her uneasy thoughts.  

Back at Gaiyan, Hotsuma locked himself into his lab.  Everything there was so 
ordered and under control.  The projects were neatly arranged on the spotless 
surfaces of the carbon-metal table, counters, and shelves.  Parts were all kept 
together, and nothing was ever left out of place.  He needed to get himself 
clear again.  He needed to do something technical, to occupy his mind.  This was 
the first time he'd had a flash of vision like that, and he couldn't figure out 
what it was.  Yugi had never sent him to a desert planet, and shadows didn't 
have hallucinations.  What the hell was happening to him?  

He sat down at his worktable and looked at the project that sat before him.  
He'd decided to program something special into Ryoko's locket just before they'd 
been forced to abandon their old hideout.  He'd known better than to trust 
locked doors on a pirate base, so he'd simply carried the locket with him as a 
result.  He'd been glad to have it on hand, when he realized what he would have 
to do to keep Ryoko away from the influence of her old friends.  Waiting for her 
to bring the subject up, he hadn't told her that the locket was here.  He'd 
wanted it to be a surprise.  She hadn't mentioned the locket once since they 
took off.  

"What the hell is happening?" Hotsuma asked himself, as he tried to work through 
the tension between him and Ryoko as well as the strange emotions and 
hallucinations that were plaguing him.  He had to do something.  He picked up a 
small soldering iron and turned his attention to the intricate circuitry of the 
memory locket.  He was running out of options.  

***************************

Author's Note:  Okay, this was a really fun one to write!  I loved doing that 
fight scene between Ryoko and Hotsuma, and it was interesting to see how I could 
make Ryoko's comments to Kiyone mean different things to each of those three 
characters.  Depending on your mind-set, her answer could change meaning 
completely.  I could have kept Kiyone's comment that he wasn't "a match for 
Tenchi" the same and still done it, but I really liked this phrasing better.  

I've been leading up to this moment with Hotsuma for some time now, and I'm so 
glad that I finally got to it.  I've written scenes from these final four 
chapters in my head countless times already, and I just hope I can remember all 
the stuff I liked best.  It was quite difficult to write this section clearly, 
because his flashes are overlapping what's actually happening and it's 
disorienting.  

Yes, I've been trying to work everything into the original storyline, rather 
than just go completely away from Shin's plot.  I think there was potential in 
the plot for so much more, and I'm trying to bring out some of that lost 
potential.  There are more changes ahead, since with a different ending I have 
more room to play around.  I think Ryoko and Hotsuma both have a lot of issues 
to resolve, and that's really coming into play right now.  
