Disclaimer:  I don't own Tenchi, and I'm not making any money off this.  Suing 
me would be pointless
************************************

Ryoko found herself relaxing into her former lifestyle.  It felt like ages since 
she'd lived like this, but it was still familiar and comforting.  She'd never 
spent so much time in one place before crashing on Earth, and the constant 
travel exhilarated her.  She was what Tenchi's father referred to as a "free 
spirit".  She craved the freedom, the power of choosing her own destiny each 
day.  At the same time though she found herself inexplicably lonely.  Hotsuma 
had been spending time on some secret project lately.  He'd rouse from it to 
plan jobs with her, and he was always at her side during the raids.  Still, with 
only two people onboard the ship, she was painfully aware of any hours that 
passed without him.  He'd promised to let her in on this project when it was 
ready, but in the meantime he maintained that it was strictly to be a surprise.  
He'd finally locked her out of the lab, after her repeated excuses to interrupt.

Recognizing her loneliness, Hotsuma had been trying to make-up for his frequent 
absences from her days, and they were on their way to have a small vacation of 
sorts.  Her partner wanted to have Gaiyan's heat shields upgraded, and he had a 
supplier who was said to surpass the contractors used by the Jurian fleet.  Of 
course, black market merchandise tended to be more advanced than the legal 
goods.  The geniuses knew where the best money was to be had, and they sold 
accordingly.  

The best part of this diversion was that Hotsuma had promised to spend the 
entire three-day outfitting on the planet with her.  They were going to really 
let loose!  It wasn't a moment too soon, as the down time on the ship was 
starting to feel confining.  Thoughts of Tenchi still assaulted her when she was 
alone, and if she had to close her eyes one more time only to see him kissing 
that horrible Sakuya, Ryoko would go nuts.  "I won't let you hurt me anymore," 
she whispered, as she held back the tears.  She'd already shed too many.

"Approaching Kittros IV," Gaiyan announced over the internal coms.  Ryoko felt 
relief wash over her.  She leapt up and teleported to the bridge.  Hotsuma would 
have to come out of the lab to land, and then she'd have company for the entire 
weekend.  She was pretty sure this was a weekend at least.  Time seemed to slip 
away from her without the regularity of a planetary day.  She had no sunrises or 
sunsets to gauge the days by.  But for a precious 72 hours, that was about to 
change.  

As she watched the lush planet growing larger in the forward screen, she could 
feel him teleport in right at her elbow.  The air seemed to vibrate for a 
moment, and then the warmth of his body was palpable beside her.  He wore a 
flowing grey jacket over a ribbed black turtleneck and a pair of camouflage 
pants.  "I was starting to wonder if I'd have to land this ship myself," she 
goaded, as she crossed her arms and looked at him from the corners of her 
golden, cat eyes.  She felt herself start to lean into him and stopped.  What 
was happening to her lately?  

"As much as Zeltris enjoys a pretty face, I doubt you'd enjoy dealing with him.  
He fancies himself a ladies man," Hotsuma replied "and he'd hardly be able to 
perform the overhaul once you'd snapped both his arms.  Although, I hear he has 
seven ex-wives that'd pay you good money for such a deed."  He winked at her 
before moving to the control console.  

"Maybe I'll try to collect once he's finished," Ryoko laughed.  Her mood was 
already improving.  She'd heard Kittros housed some of the galaxy's greatest 
casinos, not to mention some very dangerous but beautiful jungle.  This was 
going to be exciting.  

"Hotsuma, you mercenary bastard!" greeted the teal-skinned man on the screen.  A 
series of bony ridges ran along the top of his head, and streaks of black oil 
were smeared across his cheeks.  "Nice to finally see you.  You're about six 
hours earlier than I estimated.  Whoa!  That must be the infamous Ryoko," he 
noted.  His eyes widened as he studied Ryoko.  The golden-eyed woman wore skin-
tight red pants with carefully planned holes to reveal the perfect skin of her 
thighs and calves.  She wore a matching sleeveless top with a mandarin collar; 
it was nearly backless.  Several inches of her flat stomach were visible between 
the bottom of the shirt and the top of the low-slung pants, and a metallic 
utility belt hugged her slim hips.  She'd chosen the outfit to get attention.  
Apparently, she'd chosen well.  "Not even the rumors can do you justice, my 
lady," Zeltris whistled.  

"Rumor is you've got a pretty silvery tongue," Ryoko acknowledged coyly.  "Just 
remember my interest's strictly professional," she continued as she planted her 
hands on her hips.  "The only parts of yours that I'm interested in are for the 
ship," she chuckled good-naturedly.  

"Can't blame a man for trying," he mused.  "Okay, Hotsuma, I'm transmitting the 
coordinates to you.  You're cleared for bay four, and I'll meet you at the dock.  
I'm sure you've brought the agreed upon amount," he queried.  

"Zeltris, if you've heard anything about our exploits at all, you already know 
I've got the money," Hotsuma reproached him.  "You'll get it, as agreed.  Half 
up front and half upon completion."  He gave the little, greenish man one of 
those cold smiles that failed to meet his icy eyes.   The little man's greed 
disgusted him.  Hotsuma understood the allure of money, but when it came down to 
it piracy was about the thrill and the challenge for him.  He yearned always to 
be the best, and he considered the focus on money to be for those of inferior 
mind and ability-barbarians and underlings.  

"Good.  I've got you booked into the best hotel here, the Galaxy Star.  
Penthouse suite."  The arms-dealer snickered.  "I'm sure you'll enjoy 
yourselves."  

"I'm sure we will," Hotsuma replied frostily, as he cut off the transmission.  
He was right, Ryoko didn't like dealing with the man.  She hoped he didn't do 
anything to make her snap his neck after docking.  It'd be a shame to ruin her 
first vacation in years.  

"So are you all packed, partner?" Ryoko asked, as she plopped into a chair and 
began to spin it around with a kick of her foot.  She leaned her head back and 
let the dizziness overtake her.  It felt like drunkenness, like flying, like 
first love.  Why did she feel this overwhelming need to feel-to let moments 
carry her to the highest highs and the lowest lows?  Maybe, she was just too 
extreme.  She was pretty sure that would be Tenchi's estimation.  Whatever the 
reason she clung to every sensation, and she knew there was no other way that 
she could live.  She floated into the air, still spinning with her arms extended 
out to her sides and her hands palm up.  "I am going to show you how to 
vacation," she promised.  

"I can't wait," he said, as he looked up at her.  "Good to see you're enjoying 
yourself," he added as he adjusted Gaiyan's course by point two degrees.  

"Hey, out of curiosity, why the sudden interest in upgrading the heat shields?" 
Ryoko asked suddenly serious.  "Is it a ploy to get me into a hotel room for a 
couple days or do you have something else up your sleeves?"  She asked with 
suspicious eyes.  

"Technically, I have more privacy with you here," Hotsuma said haughtily.  "I 
figured you might need to stretch your legs, so to speak, but it's also 
necessary for the next piece of work that I've found for us."  He was clearing 
the hangar doors and had the engines slowed, prepared to park.  "Be sure to rest 
up here, because after this little vacation, we're going to outfox a supernova."  
He waited for her reaction, and he braced himself.  

"A supernova!" Ryoko screamed.  "Are you fucking crazy?!  I always knew you were 
ambitious, but I didn't think you were suicidal!"  As she yelled she shook her 
head and waved her arms in front of her to signify that she wanted no part of 
this little plot.  She grabbed him by the shirt front and glared into his eyes, 
"Compared to a supernova that micro black hole at the Galaxy Bank is a kiddy 
toy!"  

"Ryoko, do I ever rush in without a solid plan?" Hotsuma responded soothingly, 
as he stroked her cheek with the backs of his fingers.  Ryoko closed her eyes 
and leaned into the caress, before she seized control of herself and jerked 
away.  He raised her chin with his fingers so that their faces were close 
together.  "I have it timed down to the last second, but I'll explain it all to 
you after our vacation," he continued, "A wise woman once told me that a space 
pirate should savor each victory."  His lips nearly brushed hers as he spoke and 
his warm breath all but kissed her skin.  It was all a game that he played with 
her.  He would have loved to bridge that small distance and seal her breath into 
his kiss, but he wouldn't.  He was teasing her, tearing away small chunks of her 
resistance with each small flirtation, pushing against the edges of her 
resistance, until she would be the one to break.  He would hold out until she 
needed to either bridge that gap herself or go crazy.  

He stepped back and calmly turned towards the doors.  With a little wave, he 
headed off to his quarters to pick up his gear for the weekend.  He could have 
teleported, but he was enjoying making her watch his back as he strolled off.  
He could feel her eyes boring into him, and had to suppress his laughter.  "Yes, 
Princess," he thought, "This is one game I'm not about to lose to you."  

Behind him Ryoko stared in disbelief.  She realized that her mouth was hanging 
open, and she probably looked something like a fish out of water.  Her jaw moved 
wordlessly, as she struggled to grab hold off any words to hurl at him.  "DAMN 
YOU, HOTSUMA!" was all that she finally managed, before flouncing off to collect 
her bags.  

Zeltris met them on the dock, and Ryoko was disgruntled to discover that the 
hormonal arms-dealer was exactly eyelevel with her chest.  He spent the next 
five minutes staring into her cleavage, as he discussed the shielding and his 
payment.  She allowed Hotsuma to run interference for her, in order to keep from 
doing the little man serious harm.  When she caught him ogling her posterior as 
she fished through her luggage for some sunglasses, Hotsuma was actually forced 
to restrain her from clawing the creep's leering face off.  After she pointedly 
destroyed one of the hydraulic lifts with an energy blast, Zeltris seemed to get 
the idea that she was not interested.  

Finally, the refit was underway and the pirates gone to deposit their gear in 
the penthouse.  The suite consisted of two bedrooms, two luxurious bathrooms, 
and a central living room with a fully stocked bar.  The carpeting was so lush 
that Ryoko imagined it was probably softer than many places that she'd had to 
use as a bed over the years.  Hotsuma insisted on unpacking and hanging his 
clothing before they went downstairs.  Ryoko decided it was just too much 
effort, since she'd be repacking it in a couple of days anyways.  She'd just 
live out of her luggage for the weekend.  

She sprawled across the couch as she waited anxiously for him to finish.  After 
a few minutes that felt like eons, he appeared at the door to his room.  He 
leaned against the doorframe, crossed his arms, and cocked his head.  "I assume 
that tapping on the coffee table means you're ready," he deadpanned.  

"How long does it take you to unpack for one little weekend?" Ryoko demanded.  

Hotsuma checked his watch.  "Three minutes and twenty six seconds, apparently," 
he confirmed.  He looked back to her, as she scrambled up from the sofa. "So 
where would you like to go first?" he asked.  

"The Grand Casino, of course!" Ryoko exclaimed as she grabbed his large hands 
and dragged him laughing out of the room.  She skipped down the hallway, like a 
little girl who'd just been promised a giant lollipop.  Ryoko practically glowed 
with exuberance when happy.  Radiant was the first word that came to Hotsuma's 
mind.  She was truly radiant.  

"Oooh!  Don't you love glass elevators!" she squealed in delight.  "Look at that 
view!"  She didn't go for more than ten seconds without a bubbly comment or 
joke, until they reached the craps table.  She gave him a confident grin and 
pushed his glasses up with her index finger, "Prepare to see the master at 
work!"  

She had $500 dollars in credits to start with.  If she needed any more than 
that, she must have lost her touch.  Shooting the dice was similar to shooting a 
perfect energy blast.  It took just the right amount of pressure, the right 
amount of speed, and good aim.  Ryoko hadn't rolled anything other than a seven 
or an eleven since she was twelve-not even when the dice were rigged against 
her.  "Come on!  Baby needs a new heat shield," she sweet-talked, as she rolled.  
She could hear Hotsuma's laughter behind her, and everyone cheered as she got 
her seven.  

She raised her eyebrows, rolled her eyes innocently, and smiled at her amused 
partner.  She held the dice cupped in her hand and reached out towards him. 
"Care to lend me a little luck?" she prompted.  

"I somehow doubt you need it," he chuckled, but obediently blew into her cupped 
palm.  Their eyes met, and Ryoko felt lost for a second.  Gathering her energy, 
she shook them again and gave them a throw at the table without ever breaking 
eye contact.  

"Eleven!" called the man.  

"I guess you're lucky," Ryoko said softly before she turned back to the table.  
They spent their time in the casino cheering and laughing, the way that tourists 
on a winning streak always do.  Soon Ryoko had amassed a small fortune, and they 
decided to cash out.  Casino's had a real problem believing that she was just 
that good at craps, and Ryoko had learned from experience when to leave the 
table without drawing undue attention to herself.  They locked the money in the 
hotel safe, secure in the knowledge that no other thieves posed as great a 
threat to this security system as they did.  

It was time to change for dinner, and Ryoko had the perfect blue dress with 
nothing but silver laces up the sides.  Hotsuma meanwhile changed into a pair of 
grey slacks and one of those dressy oriental jackets that he favored.  It was 
five-star dining all the way, with a full orchestra and a dance floor under the 
stars.  All Ryoko needed now to make the experience complete was a full spa, and 
they had one of those in this hotel too.  This was bliss!  

Ryoko watched the stars as they spun languidly on the dance floor, until a tap 
on the shoulder alerted her to the presence of a tall young man with black hair 
beside them.  He looked like a kid wearing his father's suit.  He shifted 
nervously, before asking, "Excuse me, but may I cut in with this lovely lady?"  
Ryoko saw Hotsuma's back stiffen, as he stared daggers at the young man, who was 
smart enough to know fear.  

"Look, Buddy, I've already got a partner," Ryoko told him shortly and rested her 
head against Hotsuma's shoulder, as they resumed dancing.  His hand at the small 
of her back felt warm and secure.  Yes, she had a partner, and he was always 
there to watch her back.  

As she sighed contentedly, she suddenly felt something brush against her hair.  
It made a small squeak, as it flew past, and Ryoko yelped as she looked up to 
catch a view of the flying creature heading into the woods that edged the hotel.  
"What the hell was that?" she gasped.  

"A minalli scandos," Hotsuma replied with a nod.  At her look of complete 
confusion, he clarified, "It's a bat like mammal of approximately 2kg that eats 
fruit, pollinates night-blooming flowers, and lives in the woods in this 
region."  

"What!  Do you know every kind of creature that's indigenous to those woods?" 
she challenged.  

"Nah," he yawned.  "Just 362 of them."  At her laughter he spun her outwards and 
back against him.  "I'm beat," he groaned, "Feel like turning in for the night?"  
He was thankful when she nodded in agreement.  

Ryoko couldn't sleep no matter how she tried.  The bed was comfortable enough, 
but she still wanted to sit up and talk.  She wanted to do something-anything so 
that this night didn't have to end yet.  She climbed out of bed and decided that 
she would go out onto the balcony to watch the stars.  Ugh.  There might be more 
of those bats to contend with out there.  Oh the hell with it!  She was a space 
pirate wasn't she?  Besides, she was bigger than they were.  

As she stepped into the living room, Ryoko noticed a light coming from the other 
bedroom.  Maybe Hotsuma couldn't sleep either.  "Talking to him beats watching 
the stars alone", she thought and padded over to his open door.  The room looked 
just like hers, painted a lovely slate blue and decorated with pictures from 
space-nebulas mostly.  As she stepped into the doorway, she could see Hotsuma, 
clad in a pair of silk boxers, sitting cross-legged on the blue bedspread, while 
he read a heavy book.  He was chewing on his lower lip, completely unaware of 
her presence, as he turned the pages and occasionally adjusted his glasses.  

"Didn't you say you were tired?" she mocked.  She feigned displeasure; reluctant 
to show him how glad she was that he was awake.  When he looked up in surprise, 
she fought to hide her smile.  

He blinked a few times.  "Um," he stammered, "I'm sorry.  Was the light 
bothering you?"  He started to get up, until she held up her palm to stop him.  
She could see his eyebrows lift as he noticed her little silk shorts set.  
"Okay, Princess, as lovely as you look in your pajamas, I doubt you're here to 
give me a fashion show.  What's up?"  

"Couldn't sleep," she replied, as she climbed onto the soft mattress and picked 
up the book in his lap.   "Let's see what you're reading," she gloated.  She 
stopped as she looked at the cover.  "A textbook!" she howled, "You read 
textbooks in bed?  I've known people with strange kicks, but this is a new one 
even for me!"  

"I'm studying up on supernovas," he said sounding slightly affronted.  He 
reached out and pulled the book from her fingers.  "I enjoy it, and since you 
want to survive the next job, you really shouldn't mind if..."  

She cut him off abruptly by pulling him in for a kiss.  She held his face 
between her hands, and kissed him playfully over and over.  She nipped at his 
lower lip one moment before pressing his upper lip between her own in the next.  
Then she flicked her tongue over his lips, as they became sensitive from her 
kiss.  It was just too cute to see him get his feathers ruffled like that.  

Hotsuma let the book fall forgotten, as he caught on to what Ryoko was doing.  
He grasped her arms in his hands and let his fingers flutter up her goose-
fleshed limbs and along her shoulders and neck, until they finally came to rest 
in her wild, soft hair.  He deepened the kiss, and Ryoko caressed his tongue 
with hers in response.  It felt as if some dam within them had burst, and they'd 
just discovered a new language to explore.  They wrapped themselves in a 
wordless admission of passion that just seemed to spiral outward feeding itself, 
until they finally had to draw back breathless and shaking.  

Ryoko picked up the book and knelt between his legs.  She turned around and 
leaned back into him, pressing her back against his chest and wrapping his arms 
tightly around her waist.  When she was comfortable, Ryoko looked back and 
kissed him softly.  "So, tell me all about supernovas," she asked as she ran her 
hands back into his hair and drew his lips down to her neck.  She gasped as he 
sucked at the delicate skin of her throat, and offered more of her neck to him 
as her fingers knotted in his hair.  

When she was good and riled up, Hotsuma drew back and playfully pushed her onto 
her side.  "They're very hot," he oversimplified, and she slapped him.  He 
pinned her down and tickled her, until she was nearly crying.  Then he drew her 
against him and spent the rest of the night holding and kissing her, 
occasionally pausing to rattle off some fact about supernovas which made her 
giggle.  

"I'm finished in the lab," he finally admitted, as they sat on the balcony the 
next morning watching the sunrise creep over the forest.  As Ryoko looked up at 
him, he continued, "I've got something for you, but I don't want to give it to 
you until after the next job."  

"Why then?" Ryoko wondered aloud.  Her eyes took on that open defenseless look 
they often got when she thought.  

"You'll see," he assured her, and he kissed the top of her head.  
