Disclaimer:  I don't own Shin Tenchi/Tenchi in Tokyo, but I do own a couple of 
really cute Hotsuma cels.  ;)  This story does however contain my original work 
and ideas, even if I'm not making money off them.  

***********************************************************************

Ryoko woke the next morning and wondered if her head was about to explode.  It 
tasted like a family of dust bunnies had taken up residence in her mouth, and 
the back of her throat felt like it had been paved in gravel.  "Too much 
yelling," she thought, "and too much sake."  At least her bed felt warm and 
comforting.  Her bed.  When had she gone to bed?  She certainly had no memory of 
it.

Ryoko sat bolt upright clutching her head.  She was fully dressed.  She never 
went to bed fully dressed!  If she had the power to crawl to the bed, she had 
the power to get undressed.  The irony of the situation washed over her.  Most 
women would be terrified of getting drunk and waking naked next to someone, but 
Ryoko was upset from getting drunk and waking up fully clothed and alone.  It 
wasn't that she wanted to be in the other situation.  Hell no!  But if she'd 
been put to bed, there was only one person here to have done it.  One person 
who'd been told not to do any heavy lifting.  One person who was about to get an 
earful, even if this hangover killed her as a result.  

Ryoko stood too quickly, and had to take several steps to her left to gain some 
sense of balance.  She grimaced at the cold floor, but she REALLY didn't want to 
bend down for her shoes in her current condition.  "What the hell was in that 
sake?  It's almost as bad as Washu's!" she thought as her head reeled.  When the 
room finally stopped spinning she called out to the ship's computer, "Gaiyan, 
where's Hotsuma?!"  She winced at the sound of her own voice as she waited for 
the reply.

"Hotsuma is in the galley," came the mechanical response.  And Ryoko, still 
ignoring her cold feet, set off towards the ship kitchen.  It would be faster if 
she teleported there, but she didn't want to think of what that effort would do 
to her already fragile stomach.  Instead she meandered in a zigzagging pattern 
down the hallways.  Once she had to stop to prop herself up against the wall, 
after she'd nearly tripped over her own toe.  "Damn him for making me get out of 
bed in this state just to yell at him," came her muddled thought.  

Ryoko stormed into the galley a little unsteadily, but looking plenty furious.  
"What the hell did you think you were doing?" she demanded angrily.  Her fist 
made contact with the steel counter, leaving a small dent to mark it's passing, 
and causing everything on the counter to shoot several inches into the air.  

The tall man looked up at her with confusion evident in his pale blue eyes.  
"Well, I thought I was making you breakfast.  I didn't think you'd be feeling 
well enough to fend for yourself this morning."  He gestured to a tray holding 
toast, aspirin, orange juice, black tea, and water.  He'd just been adding the 
finishing touches of a small tub of marmalade and a few wrapped butter pats.  "I 
know it's not much, but I somehow doubted you'd be interested in anything 
heavier after last night," he added with a shrug.  

"That's not what I'm talking about," Ryoko growled.  "Care to guess where I woke 
up this morning?" she continued.  She put her hands on her hips and waited.  

"In bed?" he ventured sarcastically as he returned his attention to the 
breakfast tray.  

"That's right," she cooed feigning a Mihoshi-esque innocence.  "And just how did 
I end up there," she dropped the pretense, "since it definitely wasn't under my 
own power, and I know damn well that my partner, who isn't supposed to be doing 
any heavy lifting, would never go against my orders.  Specifically, since they 
were for his own well-being!"   

Of all the things to be angry with him about, he hadn't expected this.  He found 
it rather cute, actually.  "What makes you think that I carried you?" Hotsuma 
replied coolly.  "I just held you up with my good arm and teleported to your 
room.  You really shouldn't be so suspicious, Princess."  It was a lie, but when 
compared to the other things he'd lied to her about, it was a very minor one.  
He dropped a little flower into a vase and carried the tray over to the table, 
as she watched.  "Thanks for your concern though, partner," he added playfully 
as he turned back to her.

Ryoko's face burned red and she tried not to sound as flustered as she felt.  
"I'm not concerned about you!  I'm concerned about what happens when we get into 
a pinch because you've aggravated that injury.  When you can't keep up your end, 
and we get busted by the GXP!" she bristled.  

"Then you'll be happy to know that my arm is much better.  I'd let you look at 
it, but it's generally considered bad manners to undress in the kitchen," he 
added silkily.  "You'd probably be more comfortable sitting down and trying to 
eat a little something at the table," he suggested.  He stepped away from the 
chair and let her come to the table on her own.  He noticed that she was 
barefooted, and wondered whether she'd forgotten or been unable to put on her 
own shoes.

As Ryoko attempted her first bite of toast, Hotsuma seated himself beside her.  
"And you assume I can't take care of myself," he chided, as he lifted her feet 
and placed them beneath his legs to warm them.  Ryoko looked like she was about 
to choke, but he simply ignored it, and changed the subject.  

"I found a great lead for our next heist, Ryoko.  Looks like the Crown Jewels of 
Polidis are going to be displayed.  They're said to rival the jewels of Jurai.  
And they are priceless," he whispered huskily.  

The queasy space pirate stared at him incredulously.  "When did you possibly 
come across that lead?  Don't tell me you stayed up all night looking for 
treasures to rob," she said pointedly.  She'd only managed the one bite of 
toast, but it seemed that she'd just gotten the aspirins past that lump in her 
throat successfully.  "Don't you ever sleep?" she continued.

"I don't need much sleep," Hotsuma said.  He crossed his arms over his chest and 
leaned back into his chair, as he watched her struggle to get a little bit of 
food down.  "Would you like to hear the details?" he inquired.

Ryoko nodded wordlessly, as she tried to psyche herself into taking another bite 
of toast.  She was starving, but she just didn't feel like she could swallow.  
All she really wanted was to lie back down and sleep this off, but she'd be 
damned if she showed weakness in front of that jerk.  That jerk who'd taken her 
away from an empty, Tenchi-less life, who'd risked his own life to protect her 
from a the GXP robots, who'd put her to bed when she'd passed out, who'd made 
her this breakfast.  Ryoko sighed and interrupted before he could explain his 
plans, "Maybe we could continue this in my room.  I think I've reached the limit 
of how long I can sit up," she gulped.  

Three days later, Ryoko was hiding behind a reddish marble wall in the high 
tower of Somea Castle on Polidis.  She was in a side access hall, which 
intersected the main hall just outside the Crown Vault.  She patted down the 
pockets of her grey cargo pants to ensure that she still had all the devices 
that Hotsuma had given her for the job.  Content that she did have everything, 
she looked up impatiently at her partner, who was floating upside down above 
her.  "Hey!" she hissed, "haven't you finished rewiring that force field yet?"  

Hotsuma stopped working on the connection he'd been bypassing to shoot her a 
look.  He'd traded in his usually flowing clothes for a pair of black leather 
pants and a high-necked, form fitting sapphire shirt.  It was embellished with 
cutouts on the arms, which showed off his muscles as he moved.  "Are you telling 
me that you've lost your confidence in my abilities already?  This is a hell of 
a lot easier than reversing a black hole, Princess.  But it still takes a few 
minutes," he scoffed, crossing his arms over his chest and tapping at the tiny 
welder he'd been using.  With a quick raise of his eyebrows and a small smirk, 
he turned back to the control conduit that ran behind the palace walls, and 
resumed his fiddling with the chips and circuits.  

As soon as he turned away, Ryoko stuck her tongue out at him and swatted his 
ponytail away from her face.  Then she jumped as she heard the sound of boots 
approaching.  Surely, no one had detected them!  They'd been extra cautious to 
keep Gaiyan cloaked from the planet's satellite network.  They'd avoided all the 
motion detectors, and Hotsuma had given them both insulated gear to fool the 
heat sensors in the security access tunnel.  And until Hotsuma got that panel 
rewired they couldn't teleport back to the roof for a quick escape.

Ryoko shot the tall blonde pirate a glance to see if he'd noticed the sound.  He 
was already looking towards the direction of the footsteps, and his cold eyes 
were narrowed.  She'd learned that he usually wore that expression when he was 
thinking something dark.  She was often amazed that there could be someone out 
there as ruthless as she knew how to be-if not more so.  

The pair exchanged a look and a nod of understanding.  Then Ryoko crept to the 
edge of the hall, and waited to see if these footsteps were going to lead to 
trouble.  The anxious woman fished through her top left thigh pocket for the 
sound dampener that Hotsuma had given her.  Whatever else she had to do these 
guys weren't going to be shouting out any warnings to their comrades.  

They would be within visual range in five seconds.  Ryoko located the oblong 
metal device and activated it.  The energy of the field thrummed through her 
body as it spun outwards like a great clear bubble encasing an 18-foot circle of 
the halls.  

Moments later a guard and two robots appeared on what looked like a normal 
patrol.  The palace guard wore the type of royal finery that denoted a highly 
visible position in the ranks.  It was probably the result of nepotism for one 
of the King's nephews, because the two robots looked like bodyguards.  "No real 
soldier would need bodyguards," Ryoko thought with a sneer of contempt.  "Damn 
royalty," she muttered under her breath.  Rather than risk meeting up with them 
later, Ryoko knew she had to put them out of commission now.  

She waited for the patrol to enter the field, before stepping out behind them.  
The feathery plumage on the man's hat waved in the air, as he suddenly stopped.  
He was near the center of the field; it had certainly taken him long enough to 
realize that he was no longer generating footfalls.  Ryoko made no hesitation as 
she lunged for him, and slammed the side of her hand into the back of his neck.  
He crumpled like some boneless sea creature, and fell unconscious to the floor 
with out so much as a hint that he'd known the attack was coming.  

The first robot came at her from the right and fired a bright laser.  She did a 
flip towards the mindless, metal tub, and the shot harmlessly impacted the floor 
behind her.  Without even landing, she punched her fist into the robot's chest.  
She missed that delicious crunch that the metal should have made under her 
assault, but the view of sparks and exposed wires made her grin as she smashed 
it's transmitter in her palm.  The other robot was shooting at her, and she 
quickly jumped to the side and planted a roundhouse kick to the side of its 
head.  The head flew off and landed 4 feet away on the highly polished floor.  

That bastard had nearly hit her!  She examined a singed spot on the right arm of 
her heather colored top.  The top was tight like most of Ryoko's clothing, which 
meant she probably had a small burn on her arm.  With a frown that would have 
scared any sensible person into running screaming, she strode over to the robot 
to exact her revenge for the near hit.  She thoroughly dismantled its 
transmitter, before crushing its CPU under the heel of her combat boots.  She 
ripped both machines to pieces and leered at her handiwork.  Something about 
venting her frustrations in fighting always made her feel better.  It left her 
feeling gleeful and giddy.  

Ryoko looked up to see Hotsuma dragging the guard into the side corridor, and 
she quickly she gathered up the machine parts and started to remove them from 
the main passageway.  Soon there was no trace of the man or his entourage 
anywhere in the opulent main hall.  With a thumbs-up, Ryoko deactivated the 
dampener.  She rested her weight on her back leg and waited expectantly for 
Hotsuma to comment on her handiwork.  

He didn't disappoint her.  "Beautiful," he commended, as he grasped her tiny 
waist and pulled her closer.  "You're a study in predatory grace, Ryoko.  No 
other creature could move with such fearsome beauty," he whispered against her 
ear.  His breath made her shiver, but she no longer pulled away as quickly as 
she used to.  It was a heady thing to be complimented, to be appreciated, to be 
so obviously desired.  After floating in such emptiness since the night she'd 
resolved to leave earth, Hotsuma's ardent pursuit of her had begun to draw her 
out.  It was a flame in the darkness.  No matter how afraid she was of its 
ability to scorch, she wanted the warmth that it promised.  Why couldn't Tenchi 
have wanted her this way?  

She pulled away shaking and with her heart pounding in her ears.  "Fun's only 
starting, partner.  Are we ready to head into the main vault?"  She'd taken a 
cautious couple of steps back, to give herself the distance to recoup.  

"Then what are we waiting for?" he asked.  Without a second glance he strode off 
to the waiting depository.  In his wake, Ryoko wondered if the double meaning 
off that question was intentional.  Probably.  Hotsuma wasn't going to push her, 
but he certainly found ways to let her know what was on his mind.  She knew the 
answer, but she'd have to ponder her situation further after they'd finished the 
job at hand.  

The door to the room was locked with titanium bolts, which were controlled by a 
password.  Hotsuma would only have one chance to hack it, because the first 
wrong answer would set off a contained nuclear explosion that would annihilate 
anything in the last twenty feet of the hall.  Ryoko didn't like the odds, but 
he seemed to be satisfied with nothing less than the most impossible and 
dangerous challenges.  The danger was a rush, and she knew that later they'd 
both be enjoying an adrenaline high.  

"All right, hotshot, what do you have planned to get past this little safety 
measure?" she challenged quietly.  He seemed to enjoy her challenges, and 
secretly she felt something pleasurable stir within her chest every time she 
heard his slippery voice challenge her.  She could feel an undercurrent between 
them during all that pushing, as though their immediacy fueled a hungry beast, a 
force that wanted to only drive them closer.  Yeah, he knew how to get under her 
skin.  

"If you want to see, you'll just have to risk nuclear detonation.  You do trust 
me not to get you blown up, don't you?" he dared her.  He darted a glance back, 
to see if she planned to come closer, and plugged a small keypad into the 
computer by the door.   Not all of his hacking in the side corridor had been to 
allow teleport, he'd also managed to disable several safety systems.  Although 
the bomb would still explode with the first wrong answer, the system would no 
longer detect the hacking program he'd plugged into it.  He'd also managed to 
loop the security cameras back to the last 5 minutes.  
Ryoko marched up behind him defiantly.  How dare he insinuate that she'd go 
coward!  She leaned against the wall and watched as he studied the small screen 
attached to the keypad.  Its read-out was in an unfamiliar language, and she 
wondered if he understood it, or merely had to duplicate the symbols on the 
keypad.  She sighed.  He probably did understand it.  At least he wasn't as 
gloating as Washu had been about her intelligence.  Washu had been a mercenary, 
but for the little scientist it had only been a means to an end-a way of 
demanding too much money, so that she could buy some new gadget.  Most of them 
never worked right anyhow.  

"That's it!" he declared, as the door swung open.  "I knew you trusted me," he 
chuckled as he entered the room.  

"No.  I just trusted you not to get yourself blown up.  You'd have something to 
protect yourself if the bomb went, and if I wasn't close enough I'd probably 
have been toast," she replied aloofly.  She caught up quickly, and had to catch 
a breath at the sight of all those gems and gold.  Now this was better than that 
damned Galaxy Bank!  She wondered just how much of it she could wear at once.  

They pulled out their rucksacks and began piling in the best jewels, and as many 
as they could carry.  Ryoko was giggling as she covered her fingers in priceless 
rings and picked up a huge ruby.  She figured whatever she really wanted that 
wouldn't fit in the sack, she could just wear out.  From the corner of her eye 
she could see Hotsuma loading up a necklace that practically dripped diamonds.  

Hotsuma finished loading his pack quickly, and turned to be sure he'd gotten all 
of the best pieces.  On a satin bed he spied a gold locket.  It was encrusted 
with diamonds and rubies and it hung on a two short chains of diamonds and 
rubies.  As he touched a particularly large diamond on the top, it suddenly 
projected a small hologram of the royal family above it.  Successive presses 
scrolled through a series of family shots and portraits.  It was exquisite, and 
with some reprogramming it would be perfect.  It was a treasure fit for a 
princess.  

Quietly pocketing it, he turned to his delirious partner.  "Come on, Princess!  
I think it's time to go."  
