				No Need For A Long Patrol!
		
	Kiyone, Mihoshi, Tenchi, and the rest of the gang are the property of 
Pioneer and AIC.




	Mihoshi collapsed on her bed.  It had been a long day and she was 
exhausted. She barely had enough strength to start pulling off her GP 
uniform.  Having recently been promoted to 1D (detective first class), 
her uniform was identical to Kiyone’s.  She found herself wondering 
where her partner/roommate was.  The night before, she had undressed 
Mihoshi, spread whipped cream all over her body, and licked it all off.  
The blond detective shivered at the powerful memory.  
	
	Her blouse came off first.  Under it, she had forgotten to wear a bra, 
and her nipples were firm and pressing through the material.  Next came 
the leggings/stockings.  These went up to her mid thighs--about four 
inches higher than her skirt’s hem--and when peeled off, revealed her 
long, tanned legs.  She then started unzipping her skirt; when it was 
unfastened, she shed it.  Underneath was a pair of pink cotton bikini 
panties.  These were very sheer and relatively tight fitting--you could 
almost see every pubic hair.  Finally the panties came off, and she 
stumbled into the bathroom.
	
	The hot shower flowed into every crevice of her body, over her high, 
rounded breasts.  Her hand traveled down the curve of her thighs, 
seeking her source.  Once she found it, she slid two fingers into it, 
and out, and in and out....  She had no idea how long she’d been doing 
this by the time Kiyone stepped in.  She was naked too, and her body was 
slightly more developed than Mihoshi’s.  Their mouths met in a hungry 
kiss, and Kiyone’s hand slid between Mihoshi’s thighs.

	Afterwards, the two of them were cuddled together in their bed.  Their 
quarters aboard Yagami were very spacious, and the furnishing were sized 
accordingly.
	Mihoshi smiled up at her beautiful partner/roommate/lover.  Kiyone was 
clad only in a pair of GP-issue panties--light gray, bikini style--and a 
matching sports bra.  “You were good, Kiyone.”
	“Thank you, Mihoshi,” replied Kiyone, leaning down to suckle on one of 
Mihoshi’s firm, strawberry-shaped nipples.  She was so glad that her 
beloved Mihoshi always slept in the nude....
	Mihoshi’s eyes squeezed shut as the pleasure arced up and down her 
spine.  “K-Ki-Kiyone....”
	Kiyone was kissing her way downward, headed for the thatch of flaxen 
hair just above Mihoshi’s gateway.  “Ready for another round, Mihoshi?” 
she asked, teasing her partner’s navel with her tongue.
	“Yes,” Mihoshi gasped.  Kiyone had shifted herself around, so that 
Mihoshi’s head was between her thighs.  Delighted at this, Mihoshi 
reached up, her hands already scrabbling at Kiyone’s panties.  The light 
cotton undergarments fell to the other girl’s knees, uncovering a patch 
of teal above her own core.  Mihoshi tentatively inserted her tongue, 
gently poking Kiyone’s clitoris.  The green-haired girl moaned loudly.  
“Oh, yes....oh, Mihoshi....make me come....”
	Mihoshi hungrily started lapping at Kiyone’s fluids, which had merely 
trickled out at first, but were now flowing forth steadily.  Needing 
more, she raised her face, burying her face in Kiyone’s mound.  The 
pleasure this gave her was enhanced by Kiyone’s echoing of the action on 
her inner thighs.  
	All at once both girls felt a violent wave of pleasure sweep through 
them, hitting them with so much force that they both came at the same 
time.

	In the afterglow (once again), the girls held each other, both out of 
affection and out of wanting to avoid the dreaded “wet spot.”  Kiyone 
started to kiss Mihoshi again, but noted that tears were trickling down 
her lover’s cheeks   Pulling the blond detective closer, she asked, 
“What’s wrong, Mihoshi?”
	“Nothing,” she sniffled.  “It’s just that....”
	“It’s just that what?” pressed Kiyone quietly.
	“I need to feel a....you know, a guy.”  She immediately recoiled, as if 
afraid that now her Kiyone would shun her.
	Kiyone just hugged her again.  “Oh, love, it’s okay.  It....it’s been a 
long time since I’ve had a guy, too.”  She turns Mihoshi’s face up to 
hers and smiles.  “So, what should we do about it.”
	“How about Tenchi?”
	Kiyone thinks for a moment.  “Well....he doesn’t seem to want Ayeka or 
Ryoko....poor kid’s probably still a virgin....”  She grins.  “Actually, 
Mihoshi, we’ll be doing him a favor.”
	“Yay!” cheers Mihoshi.  “So, when can we do him, er, it, er....”
	Kiyone brushes her tongue across Mihoshi’s.  “Hush.  Now, in five days 
we have to do a complete circuit of the Sol system.  He was talking last 
night about a science project he has to do on the various planets of the 
solar system.  How about we ask him if he wants our help?”
	Mioshi is already excited.  “That’s such a good idea, Kiyone!”  She 
leans up and kisses Kiyone again.  Kiyone hugs her tight.  “Now, 
Mihoshi, we’d better get to sleep now if we want to do this, okay?”
	“Okay.  G’night, Kiyone!”  Mihoshi snuggles close to her partner and 
falls asleep.  As she herself settles down for slumber, Kiyone thinks, 
Just wait, Tenchi.  In five days, you’ll learn all about heavenly 
bodies....

					End Part 1


	This is my response to the dearth of Miho-Kiyo lemons out there.  Don’t 
you people know a gold mine when you see one?!  Anyhow, the address is 
keiichi_masaki@hotmail.com.  Watch for Part 2, coming soon!
	The pun was fully intended.
