
No Need for a Long Patrol!
Part 2: Underneath the Stars

A Tenchi Muyo! fanfic by Keiichi Masaki
(Keiichi_dono@hotmail.com, Keiichi_dono@scifianime.com)

Tenchi and company belong to AIC and Pioneer--which is just as well, I suppose.

Warning: this is a lemon.  Not only is it a lemon, but it is the long-awaited 
sequel to the 
original No Need for a Long Patrol!, the first Miho-Kiyo lemon ever written (or 
that I've 
seen online).  As if that weren't enough, this chapter throws Tenchi into the 
mix.  (Thank--
or blame--Kthardin for this; if he hadn't sent me those doujinshi scans, I might 
never 
have written this.)  So, sit back, and....heh....enjoy.

(Cue opening theme: “2 Become 1” by the Spice Girls ^^)

	Tenchi hefted his duffel onto one shoulder and took a long, appraising 
look 
around the cockpit.  "Wow.  Thanks for bringing me along with you two!"
	“No problem,” Kiyone answered.  “We’re always glad to help.”  She smiled 
at 
Tenchi, prompting a smile in return.
	Behind them, Mihoshi giggled.
	Tenchi turned around, an inquisitive look on his face.  “What’s so funny?”
	“It’s nothing,” assured Kiyone, almost too quickly.  Fortunately, Tenchi 
hadn’t 
noticed.  “So, which.... heavenly bodies.... do you want to.... study?”
	Once again, Tenchi completely missed the entendre.  He was too busy 
digging 
through his school bag for the assignment sheet.  “Where is that stupid--ah, 
here we are.”  
He studied the paper.  “All the planets of the outer system--Jupiter, Saturn, 
Uranus--” 
unnoticed by him, both detectives almost burst out laughing at that planet’s 
name “--
Neptune, and Pluto.”
	Kiyone nodded in understanding.  “Ah.  Good thing you have a break right 
now, 
and this isn’t due till after it.  We can do a very.... thorough.... study of 
everything.”
	“Right.  Um, where do you want me to....?”
	Kiyone slapped her forehead in chagrin.  “Damn!  I knew I was forgetting 
something!  I’ll show you to your room.”
	Soon, Tenchi was settled into Yagami’s spare room.  When he tried to 
protest, 
Kiyone had shushed him, telling him that it would be no problem for Mihoshi to 
bunk 
with her for a few days.  
	“Now remember, Tenchi,” she told him before she left, “if you need 
anything--
anything at all--let us know.”  She winked at him playfully and left the room.
	Tenchi watched her walk away for a few moments, then turned and reentered 
his 
room. Flopping down on the bed, he sighed.
	Here I am, on my way to the edge of the solar system....I’m gonna have the 
best 
report of anyone in my class....and I’m all alone on this ship with two 
beautiful women...
	He chuckled at the thought.  Control yourself, Tenchi.  He took a look 
around the 
room, and his eyes fell on what looked like a small TV screen mounted on the 
nightstand.  
What the heck is--
	His eyes widened as he saw the tantalizing sight playing out on the screen 
(convenient, you say?  Well, this is a fucking lemon!  What were you expecting, 
Harlequin Romance (although I can do those as well) ?!).	
Apparently, Yagami came with a security camera system.
At least, that was the only explanation that Tenchi could come up with for this 
image of Kiyone in the bath.
Kiyone was stripping off her casual clothes--shorts and a T-shirt.  Tenchi’s 
eyes 
widened even more--and he got the most painful erection he’d ever had--as he saw 
what 
she was wearing underneath: lace panties and no bra.
Oh my god, he thought.  She’s so fucking sexy--she’s only wearing those skimpy 
little panties, and those breasts, they’re so big--those nipples are hard--Then 
Mihoshi 
entered the frame.  All she wore was a sheer silk robe, and her bronzed skin 
showed 
clearly through the translucent material.  Her happy smile grew--was that 
lustful?!--as 
she saw Kiyone.
	Tenchi gaped at his first surprise of the night: Mihoshi and Kiyone 
kissing each 
other hungrily.
	(This was, however, not to be his last.)
	Mihoshi’s robe came off quickly.  Tenchi noted--with what detachment he 
could 
muster--that she was a natural blond.  The blond detective then dropped to her 
knees in 
front of Kiyone and tugged the panties down with her teeth.  
	Tenchi’s detachment completely evaporated as he saw that Kiyone’s hair 
color 
was natural too.
	By now, Tenchi’s member was the length of Tenchi-ken, and he eased his 
zipper 
down.  His pants puddled around his ankles, followed by his boxers.
	Mihoshi was now on her knees, and buried her face between Kiyone's thighs.  
Kiyone arched her back, her cheeks flushed and her heart racing.  "Mi.... 
Mihoshi.... oh 
god you're so good...."
	Oh dear god....Tenchi gave up his self-control and started to stroke, 
moaning 
loudly.  His vision was growing blurry, but he could still make out the trysting 
pair on the 
screen.
	Mihoshi had Kiyone spread-eagled on the floor, quivering and moaning, as 
she 
kissed around her erogenous zones--her thighs, her nipples, her lips....
	"M.... Miho.... Miho-chan...." Kiyone was actually stuttering.  "G-g-
get.... y-y-you 
know wh-what...."
	Mihoshi placed a last kiss on Kiyone's left nipple, and rose, walking 
away.
	She reappeared about a minute later, carrying a long, thin case.
	Tenchi paused in mid-stroke, curious.  He watched Mihoshi open the 
snaps.... and 
draw the device out....
	This was the first time he'd ever seen a double-headed dildo.
	Mihoshi whimpered as she slid one end into herself.  "Mmph...." After 
wiggling it 
around for a few seconds, to get it settled and herself good and aroused, she 
smiled at 
Kiyone.  "Here I come, Kiyone!"
	With that, she thrust the other end into her partner.
	"Ahh!" Kiyone arched her back, her low moaning replaced by frantic 
panting.  
"Oh.... yes, don't stop...."
	Mihoshi soon settled into a rhythm, her lips curving upward as she saw the 
effects 
of her actions on her partner.  "Ooh.... you're good tonight, Kiyone.... so nice 
and tight...."
	"Ungh.... oh, god, Mihoshi.... so good...." Kiyone's eyes were squeezed 
shut, and 
her breaths came in quick bursts.
	Tenchi threw off his shirt and shifted his position on the bed, his eyes 
glued to the 
monitor.
	"Oh.... Mihoshi, I'm.... don't stop.... so close, I'm.... oh, god, 
Tenchi!"
	Tenchi's jaw dropped, but his hands, unfazed by Kiyone's outburst, 
continued on 
their merry way.
	Kiyone was now screaming, her body quaking as the orgasm slowly made 
itself 
felt.  "Oh, Tenchi.... oh god don't ever stop.... make me come, my Tenchi.... oh 
Tenchi!!!"
	And she came.
	At the moment that Kiyone had first cried out his name, Tenchi's hand had 
started 
stroking faster and faster and he had felt the building inside of him and he 
closed his eyes 
and saw Kiyone before him, his member buried deep inside of her, the folds of 
her 
womanhood hot and wet and tight around him, and thrusting and thrusting and her 
panting and moaning and crying out his name as if the very word could make her--
	Suddenly his vision was seared with a blinding white as his body buckled.
	When his vision cleared again, there was a small pool of off-white on the 
back of 
his shirt.  The contrast between the dark-red garment and the pool of.... 
fluid.... was 
almost contemptuous.  
	He lay still for a few moments, reality still catching up with him.

	*	*	*

	Kiyone and Mihoshi were sprawled across the floor, still catching their 
breath.  
Finally Mihoshi managed to prop herself up on one elbow and smile at Kiyone.  
“That.... 
Kiyone, that was incredible.”
	Kiyone was still short of breath.  “You.... you thought so too?” She 
winced 
slightly as she sat up.  “I haven’t had an orgasm like that since.... since....”
	“Since the first night we were together, right after you’d just met 
Tenchi?” 
Mihoshi teased lightly.
	Kiyone blushed slightly. “.... yeah.”
	“You really do like him, don’t you?”
	“As much as I do you,” Kiyone replied softly.  Shifting her tone to a more 
playful 
one, she commented, “Think he got an eyeful?”
	“I’d say so,” Mihoshi agreed.

	*	*	*

	As Tenchi prepared for bed that night, he reflected over everything that 
had 
happened during the day.  He had been a little wary of showing up for dinner--
for good 
reason.  Kiyone and Mihoshi had been wearing rather immodest night wear (Kiyone 
in a 
sports bra--under an open shirt, at least--and shorts abbreviated enough to 
almost be 
panties; Mihoshi in that same see-through robe), and.... well, he’d had no idea 
that the 
most innocent phrases could be turned into such come-ons, however subtle.  The 
one that 
had taken the cake was when Kiyone had leaned over in front of him, virtually 
pressing 
his face between her breasts, and asked in a sweet voice, “Hungry?”
	(“I am!” the Mugen Tenchi Muyo! Tenchi cried out.  His Kiyone responded by 
pulling him into the other room--the room with a spare bed.  Moving on with this 
story....)
	The thoughts of what he’d seen on the monitor earlier were still haunting 
him, and 
he was still hard from it.  Still, that wasn’t the only reason it was haunting 
him.
	Tenchi cared a great deal about the girls who lived with him, but he was a 
guy, 
and a teenage guy at that, so impure thoughts were something that he had to live 
with 
(except about Sasami and Washu, of course.  He was a teenager, but in no way a 
pedophile).  
	But was he really in love with any of them?
	Sasami?  No.  She was the little sister he’d never had.  She would be very 
pretty 
when she came of age, but he could no more see her that way than he could his 
mother.
	Washu? God in heaven no.
	Ryoko and Ayeka.... that was a toughie.  He didn’t want to hurt either of 
them.... 
but he could never be sure how much of their professed “love” was real, and how 
much 
of it was just one more bone of contention in their never-ending fights.  There 
had been 
many a time where he had simply walked out of the room during their fighting, 
and 
neither of them had noticed.  He would climb up onto the roof and just lay back, 
watching the stars, trying to figure out how he, of all people, got thrown this 
incredible 
curve.
	And, almost invariably, Kiyone (sometimes alone, sometimes with Mihoshi) 
would come up to see if he was all right.  He would say as much, and they would 
end up 
talking for hours about nothing and everything.  Of all the girls--except for 
Sasami, of 
course--he felt the most comfortable with those two.  Am I in love with them?  I 
don’t 
know.... but they’re the two I think that I could.
	And now he knew that the feeling was mutual.
	So what do I do now? he thought.  I guess the only thing to do.... is to 
let things 
happen.  He settled in for sleep, and snickered as a final thought occurred to 
him: I 
wonder what Dad would think of having two daughters in law....

	*	*	*

	“Tenchi, we’re in Neptune orbit,” Kiyone called out.
	‘Thank you, Kiyone.”  Tenchi swiveled his chair just in time to see Kiyone 
rising 
from hers and bending over to check some readings.  She was wearing very brief 
shorts, 
and he felt himself rising in reaction.  Easy, easy....“Can we see the planet?”
	"Of course."  Kiyone remained in her bent-over position, and Tenchi could 
make 
out the panty lines through the flimsy fabric.  Hmm.... bikini-style....
	"See something interesting?" Kiyone asked coyly.  
	"Actually, I do," replied Tenchi in the same tone of voice.  The first 
night out, he 
had decided to reciprocate, and had spent the past few days flirting back and 
forth with 
them.  "Mind if I come over there.... take a closer look?"
	"Please do," she replied, shifting her position slightly.  It might have 
been 
perfectly innocent, but he knew better, and he responded appropriately.  He came 
up right 
behind her, as if to peer past her to look at the display, but instead pressed 
himself against 
her rear end.  
	"Ahh...." Kiyone's eyes half-closed, and her sigh sounded like a desert 
wanderer 
who had found an actual oasis.  She pressed herself back against Tenchi, coming 
upright 
in his grasp.  His lips sought out her collarbone and began to nibble softly.  
“Mmm.... 
Tenchi....”
	Tenchi’s right hand worked it’s way around to her front, unsnapping the 
button on 
her fly and easing the zipper downward.  His hand then dipped inside the 
waistband of 
Kiyone’s panties, drawing another moan of pleasure from her.  He was gratified 
to feel 
her arousal, and he responded by pressing himself harder against her.  
For her part, Kiyone was enjoying the sensation of his erection pressing into 
her, 
separated from her by only a few flimsy layers of cloth.  It had a long time 
since she’d 
been with a man--with anyone other than Mihoshi--and Tenchi was proving to be 
everything she’d hoped....
She turned around and pressed her lips to his for the first time.
But not the last.
	When they broke away from each other, their eyes met.
	(Warning!  Warning!  Those of you not in favor of a Tenchi-Kiyone romance 
back out now!  Wait.... there’s still more sex.... well, try to stomach the 
idea, okay ^^?)
	Tenchi’s hand came up and caressed Kiyone’s cheek.  “I wish we’d done this 
a 
long time ago,” he whispered.
	Kiyone, her eyes glistening with more than mere lust now, nodded.  “Me 
too.”
	Tenchi met her eyes, and Kiyone’s heart leapt to see the softness that 
Ryoko and 
Ayeka tried to kill each other for.... directed at her.  In confirmation, he 
said softly, “I’m 
not just talking the.... you know.... either.”
	“Nor am I.” Kiyone sighed happily.  A thought occurred to her, and she 
asked, 
“Tenchi.... can I call you Ten-chan?”
	Tenchi looked happily surprised.  “Please do.... if I can call you Kiyo-
chan.”
	Kiyone blushed, and giggled in a very un-Kiyone-ish way.  “All right.... 
but that 
wasn’t what I wanted to ask.  Is it.... is it just me that you feel this way 
about?”
	“You’re asking if I care for Mihoshi in the same way I care for you?”
	Kiyone nodded.
	“Yes.”
	Kiyone sighed in relief.  “Good.”  Her smile became mischievous.  “I 
wonder 
what your dad would think about having two daughters-in-law....”
	“The thought had occurred to me,” Tenchi replied.  He picked Kiyone up in 
his 
arms and began to walk, as if a groom carrying his new bride across the 
threshold.  “Back 
to your and Mihoshi’s room?”
	Kiyone nodded.  “She’s already there, waiting for us."  She relaxed and 
let Tenchi 
carry her to the bedroom that she shared with Mihoshi.  
	Mihoshi was indeed waiting there, lounging on the bed in a white lace 
teddy.  Her 
tanned face lit up as she saw her lover and her crush walk into the room, 
kissing hungrily.  
"Don't use him all up on yourself, Kiyone!  I want some!"
	Tenchi almost burst out laughing.  "I'm not a sandwich, you two!.... 
though I 
wouldn't mind being in one...." He set Kiyone down on the bed and pulled her top 
off.  
>From the bounciness of her bosom, he had assumed that she wasn't wearing a bra.
	He was right.
	Kiyone’s lovely breasts bounced invitingly as she smiled at Tenchi.  
“Would you 
like to touch them?” she inquired.
	“S-sure.”  Tenchi gulped as he reached out a nervous hand and gently 
caressed 
Kiyone’s left breast.  It was soft yet firm to the touch, and his hand felt like 
it fit there 
naturally.
	“Mmm.... that’s good, Tenchi....” Kiyone smiled hungrily at him.  “Why 
don’t 
you get a little closer?”  Her eyes darted down to his crotch, and her girn 
widened.  “Let’s 
get you comfortable.”
	Tenchi looked down, saw the sizable bulge in his pants, and blushed.
	“Don’t worry, Tenchi!”  Mihoshi was behind him now, and she was easing 
down 
his zipper.  “We’ll get you.... comfortable.”  Both she and Kiyone giggled.  
Tenchi was 
unaccustomed to hearing Kiyone giggle, but it was certainly a sound he could get 
used 
to....
	He suddenly became aware of Mihoshi working down his pants, and his 
shorts, 
and suddenly her fingers were wrapped around him....
	“Ohh, Kiyone, you’ve gotta feel it!  It’s so big!”
	Kiyone was too busy kissing Tenchi, rubbing her swollen nipples up and 
down his 
chest.
	“Mmm....” If there’s any such thing as heaven, thought Tenchi, I must be 
there 
right now....
	“Come on, Tenchi!”  Mihoshi suddenly let go of Tenchi and started rubbing 
herself against his back.  At first he was feeling her nipples through the lace 
of the teddy, 
and then he heard the quiet rustle of cloth, her bare nipples rubbing against 
his spine.  
	“Ten-chan....” Kiyone whispered as she was nibbling on Tenchi’s earlobe. 
“....you 
ready?”
	“H-hai....”
	“Good.”  Kiyone stood up on the bed, her thighs level with Tenchi’s face.  
Her 
panties were soaked with both sweat and arousal, and since they were already 
sheer white 
to begin with, Tenchi could see the wet thatch of blue-green under the wet 
cotton.  
Licking his lips, he eased the panties down far enough for inertia to take over.  
	The wet panties puddled around Kiyone’s ankles, and Tenchi felt himself 
grow 
harder as he gazed at her sex.  Gently, as if afraid of breaking her, he leaned 
forward and 
started to lick around her gateway, lapping up her juices whenever possible.  
	“Ahh!....oh, Ten-chan....” Kiyone was getting lost in the sensations, and 
her 
balance was starting to fail.  She didn’t give a damn.
	“Mmm.... Kiyo-chan, you taste good....” Tenchi wasn’t just pillow-talking, 
either.  
he couldn’t quite identify the taste, but it was certainly a pleasant one....
	By now, Mihoshi had resumed pumping his shaft, and was delighted to feel 
it 
growing in her hands.  “Kiyone, I’m getting him ready for you....”
	“Oh, god.... thank you, Miho-chan.... can’t.... take.... it....”
	All at once, Kiyone collapsed onto the bed.
	Tenchi looked up from between her legs, now wearing a concerned look.  
“Kiyo-
chan?  Are you okay?”
	“Hai, hai.... T-Ten-chan.... in.  Now.”
	Mihoshi released Tenchi’s quivering member at that same moment.
	Tenchi gulped and began to ease himself into Kiyone.  An involuntary grunt 
escaped his lips as he was suddenly surrounded by her; she was as hot and wet 
and tight 
as he’d fantasized.  “Oooh.... K-Ki-Kiyo-ch-chan.... s-so t-ti-tight....”
	“Ten-chan.... you’re so big, Ten-chan....” Kiyone’s eyes were squeezed 
shut, and 
her breath was escaping in quick gasps, punctuated by contented moans.  “Fill me 
up, 
Ten-chan.... fill me up....”
	Tenchi nodded and started thrusting faster.  Kiyone’s moans started to 
become 
louder and wilder.  “Yes.... oh, Ten-chan....oh.... anata.... yes.... don’t 
stop....”
	Tenchi didn’t stop, and Kiyone felt it coming on.  It had been a long time 
since 
the last man she’d been with--in all honesty, she’d only been with a couple of 
men 
before deciding that she liked women better--and she’d almost forgotten what it 
felt like 
when it was a man inside of her.
	She was remembering fast, though.
	“Tenchi.... Ten-chan.... almost there.... just like that....almost.... 
don’t stop don’t 
stop harder harder yes yes yes yes yes YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!”  She came with an 
almost 
painful intensity; she almost missed it when Tenchi grunted inside of her and 
achieved 
his release.  
Tenchi looked down at her, and smiled, not with lust, but with tenderness.  “Ai 
shiteru, ore no megamisama,” he whispered, and kissed Kiyone’s lips.
“Ai shiteru, anata,” she responded.
“What about me?” mock-pouted Mihoshi.
Tenchi sat up and hugged Mihoshi.  “Oh, Mihoshi, I love you too.”
“Yay!” Mihoshi started covering Tenchi’s face with kisses.
“Hey!” Kiyone started to do the same.  “Don’t hog Tenchi, Mihoshi!”
“You’re not one to talk, Kiyone!  You had him first!”
“Girls, girls, please don’t fight!  Now, Kiyo-chan, Miho-chan’s right; you had 
me 
first, so it’s Miho-chan’s turn.”
Kiyone pouted, prompting Tenchi to give her a kiss.
“You can join in if you want, Kiyo-chan!” prompted Mihoshi.
Kiyone smiled.  “Thank you, Mihoshi, but it’s your turn with Tenchi.  Next 
time....” She giggled.  “We’ll share him.”
“Okay, that sounds like a good idea!”  Mihoshi looked hungrily at Tenchi, and 
then down at his member, which was recovering from Kiyone, and pounced on him 
without warning.  He was inside of her almost immediately, and he found her to 
be much 
like Kiyone is terms of tightness and wetness and--Don’t do that, he chided 
himself.  
Comparisons like that aren’t fair to either of them; just say ‘they’re both 
incredible,’ 
okay?
Mihoshi immediately assumed the on-top position, and straddled Tenchi, crying 
out as she slid up and down on his member.  Later on, in a more.... 
intellectual.... 
moment, he would note that the two girls’ behavior during sex were almost the 
exact 
opposite of their behavior otherwise.  Kiyone was very submissive, enjoying 
being 
dominated--not S&M-style, but she was more than happy to let Tenchi take control 
and 
set their pace.  Mihoshi, on the other hand, was very much the type that liked 
to be on 
top.
Not that he had a problem with either type.
Mihoshi came with a loud cry, and as she did, she abruptly constricted around 
Tenchi.  The sudden extra tightness took him by surprise, and he grunted as he 
shot his 
seed into a girl for the second time in....How long has it been....an hour?  I 
think so....
Now tired, he gently pulled out of Mihoshi and fell back on the bed.  “Oh.... 
wow.... that was.... wow....zzzz....”
Kiyone and Mihoshi exchanged glances, giggled, and pulled the sheets up around 
Tenchi.  They then slipped under the sheets and snuggled up on either side of 
him.

Tenchi stretched and yawned.  “Ah!  That was a great breakfast, Kiyo-chan!”
“Arigato, Ten-chan,” Kiyone responded shyly.  She giggled as Tenchi wrapped an 
arm around her and squeezed her shoulder.
Mihoshi snuggled up on Tenchi’s other side and sighed happily as Tenchi 
wrapped his free arm around her.  “So, Ten-chan, what are we doing today?”
Tenchi thought on that one.  “Well, I still need some information on Pluto.... 
but 
aside from that, I’m all yours.”
“Good,” remarked Kiyone.  “There’s something we want to try after Pluto.  Hope 
you don’t mind taking the long way home.”
Tenchi leaned over and kissed her cheek.  “I’m all yours.”

“....and that’s it.”  Tenchi hit the last key, and the computer whirred to 
itself as it 
sent a copy of the report of to be printed.  This had to be the most 
comprehensive report 
anyone at Okayama High had ever produced on the planets of the solar system, and 
he 
was sure to get good marks on it.
And it’s all thanks to Kiyone and Mihoshi--I mean, Kiyo-chan and Miho-chan.  I 
never expected this to happen, but I’m glad it did.  The only hard part will be 
explaining 
this to the other girls....
“Ten-chan....”
Tenchi suddenly became aware of a very nice pair of breasts pressing into his 
back.  A pair of arms wrapped around his neck, and a soft voice whispered, “You 
done 
yet?”
Tenchi craned his head back and smiled up at Kiyone.  “Hai, Kiyo-chan.  Now, 
what was this thing you wanted to try?”  He suddenly realized that she was 
wearing a 
very short-skirted version of her GP uniform, without tights, and that the 
hemline was 
hiked up enough for a peek of white panty.
Kiyone grinned and held up a pair of handcuffs.
Now Tenchi was worried.  “Ano....Kiyo-chan, I’m not into S&M....”
“Neither are we,” she assured him.  “Just lay back, and let us take care of 
everything.....”
(I think I’ll just let imagination take over here, and skip ahead to the end, 
ne?)

Epilogue:  
Tenchi’s report was very well-received, and he got very high marks on it.  He 
graduated high school with excellent marks on his college entrance exams.  The 
next day, 
he was married to both Kiyone and Mihoshi by his grandfather.  Soon thereafter, 
he 
contacted the Jurai royal council, and informed them that he would take the 
throne if they 
agreed to recognize his two wives as his empresses.  They agreed.  Tenchi now 
has two 
daughters and a son with Kiyone, a daughter and a son with Mihoshi, and has 
adopted 
Sasami and Mirei.  The entire family divides their time between Earth and Jurai.
Ayeka and Ryoko took the news of Tenchi’s decision with surprising calm.  It 
was soon revealed that the two of them had been participating in their own 
lesbian 
relationship and had snuck off to Hawaii to get married while Tenchi had been 
gone.  
They split their time between Jurai and Earth.
Washu married Nobuyuki.
Katushito remained single.
Keiichi Masaki has finished his fic and has gone out for dinner.
Where is Joe Merchant?^^;;;;;;;;;;

OWARI

(Cue closing theme: “I Wanna Sex You Up” by Color Me Badd)

Well, here it is.  I hope you weren’t expecting anything brilliant.  I’m also 
sorry if 
it seems that I just lost it at the very end.  C&C is expected, as always.  
Arigato.