Lost Soul by Dusken Archer

Disclaimer: I don’t own any of these characters they
belong to Pioneer and AIC blah blah just don’t sue me
ok I’m broke.
WARNING: THIS IS A LEMON AND IF YOU’RE NOT 18 PLEASE
BUGGER OFF! But hey I can’t stop ya so here ya go.
Tenchi Muyo!: Lost Soul

Hyame laid on the futon which sat in the dark room in
the second story of the Masaki household. He sat there
smoking a cigarette and remembering days long past and
all he could think of was pain. There was a soft knock
on his door and without looking up he spoke one word
“enter”.
It was Tenchi. He was looking a little distraught and
curious as to why anybody could be up this late.

“I heard you come in I was just checking on to see if
your ok.”

“I’m not Tenchi, truthfully I haven’t felt this much
pain in my entire existence.” Hyame said as he puffed
on his cigarette. “Do you know what true pain feels
like Tenchi?”

“If you’re talking about pain of losing someone you
care about yes I do.” Tenchi muttered as he stared
blankly at the image of Hyame as he was coated in
darkness

“I know you lost your mother when you were young. How
old where you five, six years old?” Hyame spoke as a
puff of smoke escaped his lips

“I was five.”

“I was four when I lost my family.... Mother, Father,
Sister...all gone.”

Tenchi just closed his eyes and hung his head “it must
have been very hard for you.”

“It was a living hell. I can still see their faces
when I close my eyes it hurts beyond anything I can
imagine but that’s only the beginning.” Hyame muttered
darkly as he watched his cigarette burn “years later
when I had grown and known nothing of the feelings
love or compassion I met true love. A beautiful woman
who had a heart of gold and I loved her
wholeheartedly. My first mistake!” Tenchi could hear
the spit in Hyame’s words as he talked “I loved her, I
died for her, I came back for her, and she left me in
this hell! Tenchi first lesson in love...Don’t.
Period. It will get you killed.”

“What do you mean you where killed?”

“I was a P.O.W. Prisoner of War and those fucking
idiots in the Juraian High Command said I was dead so
why not live the role? Hell I have no family
left...sadly it makes sense to me.”

  “I can understand where your coming from, but I
can’t live that way. Gomen nasai.” Tenchi muttered

“Everyone must choose his or her own path then live
it. Unfortunately mine leads straight into hell but
hey maybe then I’ll get some peace.”

Tenchi said nothing. He never knew how much pain one
person could feel in one lifetime or how much anger he
felt towards Hyame it was like he had given up on
everything without even trying but it was not his
position to criticize the man.

“It’s late boy go back to bed.” Hyame said distantly

Tenchi could only nod as he watched the blackened
figure that was Hyame sit and stair out the window
into the full moon. As Tenchi closed the door Hyame
spoke silently to himself “Tsunami why have you taken
the two things in the entire universe I ever loved?  I
prayed to you many times for help for answers and you
left me with nothing! I swear I will get my revenge
and get my family back with or without your help. I
will get back those I love at any cost even sell what
is left of my own soul. I swear it!”

On Jurai Lady Masaki heard these words and a tear fell
from her eye and whispered Sasami you will know the
truth soon.... Your father is closer than you
think....

This is my third installment of the story truthfully I
didn’t know it would turn out this way. Some of the
best writers write about there own experiences. This
story reflects my own life and it had become darker
than I had originated it to be. I hope it holds up to
your expectations. With all do respect please  e-mail
me at bone_grinder_04@yahoo.com or chat with me to
tell me what you think. It would be most appreciated.
Thank you and blessed be.
