Tenchi Muyo!:Lost Soul - Chapter 2 : "Faces in the Rain"


Disclaimer: I don’t own any of these characters they belong to Pioneer and
AIC blah blah blah just don’t sue me ok I’m broke.

WARNING: THIS IS A LEMON AND IF YOU’RE NOT 18 PLEASE BUGGER OFF! But hey I
can’t stop ya so here ya go.

Tenchi Muyo!: Lost Soul

As the Masaki household was talking and debating whom this new guest was no
one noticed the door to Washu’s lab open.

“Who do you think this man could be Tenchi?” Asked Sasami who herself was
very worried about this new comer, she was scared that he may hurt the
people she cared for.

“I don’t know Sasami and I don’t think that Little Washu does either.”

Washu just shook her head.

“I just want to know what the hell he’s doing here.” Said a very annoyed
Ryoko.

“Well Ryoko if you want to know so damn bad all u had to do was ask me.”
Answered the large man as he took another puff of his black cigarette. “But
you may not like the answer.”

At this moment every eye in the room was on him. He was a fairly large man a
little under six feet tall and from under his black shirt and coat his
muscles weren't very well hidden. The color of his skin, the long hair on
his head and face where very pale. He looked almost white in the sunlight.
He had long nails that looked like they were sharpened into points but also
sharp enough to pierce the skin. On his face he carried black battle
markings that started at the middle of his forehead to the middle of his
face. The color of his eyes was blood red and looked like a serpent’s
matching his heart and mood. Cold as ice. The most distinguishing mark he
had was a tattoo on the front of his throat. A circle that casted out curved
sharp lines in three directions as if meant to be some symbol.

“I am Hyame Keruya a Kensai Assassin and the last of my people.”

“A Kensai? I thought they where wiped out over a millennia ago.” Muttered a
very worried Ayeka

“Most were princess. No one knows how much it hurt me to see my friend’s
dead. Slaughtered like cattle...” Hyame’s voice trailed off as he crushed
the cigarette he was smoking in his hand out of anger and sorrow.

“How did u know who I am?” Asked Ayeka

“I know who all of you are down to the smallest detail.” Answered Hyame

“I’m sorry for your loss but we must put the past behind us no matter how
painful.” Said Tenchi

“Yes we all have lost someone we cared for at one point in there life.”
Answered Washu mournfully

“If I may ask until I get the Znitium up and running again do u have a place
where I can stay Tenchi? If it’s no trouble of course.” Asked Hyame

“Oh it’s no trouble Hyame there’s an extra room upstairs. Sasami can you
show him where it is?” Said Tenchi.

“ Okay Tenchi I’ll be back in a minute, come on Hyame.” Piped Sasami happily

“All right I’m coming Sasami.” Said Hyame following her up the stairs with a
soft smile on his face

“He seems to be very taken with Sasami. I wonder why?” Asked a very curious
Ayeka

Ryoko thought to herself watching him climb the stairs to the second floor
“I think I know why.”

A smile started to crawl across her face and she looked to her mother who
gave her a nod.

“Is there some thing I’m missing here?” Asked Kiyone

“Nothing well I got work I have to do I’ll see you all later.” Answered
Washu

“Yeah and it’s time for my mid day nape bye.” Said Ryoko as she disappeared

“I wish they wouldn’t do that.” Muttered Tenchi

“Yes it’s very aggravating.” Replied in the same tone

“Thank you Sasami for showing me to my room is there anything I can do for
you in return?” Hyame

“No except get some rest you look terrible.” She replied

As she walked away he said “you don’t know the half of it little one...”

As he lay on the futon he tries to sleep but he can’t all he can see are
distorted and disfigured images of soldiers screaming orders others being
blown apart and others firing weapons only to be struck down by gun fire.

“Leave me be goddamn it leave me be!” Cries Hyame

Time passes into the night everyone is asleep thanks eigsaution and to
another great meal by Sasami. All but Hyame. As he walked through the
remains of the Znitium he found a few things. For some strange reason his
telecaster wasn’t in pieces but it was made of Jurai wood so he just
shrugged it off, he also found that his speaker was in shambles and he just
borrowed the karaoke speaker. He walked through the woods to the cliff where
Tenchi showed Ayeka the scenery and plugged the guitar into the speaker and
began to play Staind’s “Outside”

And you

Bring me to my knees Again

All the times

That I could beg you please

In vain All the times
That I felt insecure
For you
And I leave
My burdens at the door

But I'm on the outside
And I'm looking in
I can see through you
See your true colors
'Cause inside your ugly
Your ugly like me
I can see through you
See to the real you

All the times
That I felt like this won't end
Was for you
And I taste
What I could never have
It's from you
All the times
That I've tried
My intentions
Full of pride
But I waste
More time than anyone

But I'm on the outside
And I'm looking in
I can see through you
See your true colors
'Cause inside your ugly
Your ugly like me
I can see through you
See to the real you

All the times
That I've cried
All this wasted
It's all inside
And I feel
All this pain
Stuffed it down
It's back again
And I lie

Here in bed
All alone
I can't mend
But I feel
Tomorrow will be OK

But I'm on the outside
And I'm looking in
I can see through you
See your true colors
'Cause inside your ugly
Your ugly like me
I can see through you

Hyame sets down his guitar and looks over the cliff

“Such beauty reminds me of Lotus 9. Mother...Father...I wish u could see
this.”

He closed his eyes and breathed in the cool crisp night air for a minute
then turned and walked back to the house. Just then as if in tune with
Hyame's heat it begane to rain.

Well that's two down. Please let me know what you thought of it feedback
that would be very helpful. My e-mail is angelous_@hotmail.com. Please leave
now or the cabbit gets it.
