Part Three:

        Later that evening Ryoko walked slowly over to John while he was
alone
drawing
pictures of roses. He turned to her, and imiditally blushed. “Ya’ know,
John, you look cute
when you blush...very innocent.....it’s a good look for you.” She said, as
she sat beside him
slowly on the bench in the garden. “I’m sorry, if I hurt you, I just did’nt
know how to react to
finding a man, I hardly know, in my bedroom....sitting on my bed! As some
one I cherish and
have known for a......long long time.”
“I understand.” He began doing the finishing touches on Ryoko’s face. “Ya’
know, John, that
looks pretty realistic! It looks more like me....then me!” John laughed at
Ryoko’s comment on
his pictures. “I could never capture all the beauty I see when I look at
you.”
“Is that how you really feel?”
“Yes....I have the deepest feelings for you.....I hav’nt felt this way
since....”
“Since---?”
“Since, Marcie.....my.....”
“Oh....” Not being good at comfort, unless it came to Tenchi, Ryoko
helplessly wraped a arm
around John’s shoulder as a sparkleing tear left his Light blue eyes. A tear
came from Ryoko’s
eye. She held John to her shoulder, as he cried into the side of her neck
and dress colar. She
rubbed his back and nuzzled the back of his neck. “Don’t worry, John.....I’m
here, I’ll help you
through it. Your only human.” As Ryoko held onto the weeping widoer, she
felt a small pelt of
light rain on her head. She looked up at the black clouds. “Awww, man. Well,
John, we better
get in.” John looked up at her, now the rain was running down his pink and
tired face. Ryoko
ran her hand over his long blond curly hair and smiled down at him, being
careful not to show
off her fangs too much. She thought to herself while looking at his face:
Such boyish charm, he
reminds me of a bit older and paler Tenchi. The two walked in the house
through the glass
doors, now soaking wet. They had walked in on a group game of Life. Ryoko
laughed and
nudged John over to the game board and group of people around it. Yosho from
around the
stair case looked about him. “Love is in the air. This is spring, and it
seems all these young men
and women are into the season.....” He chuckled softly, then walked into the
kitchen for some
tea. But still, on the game board, it seemed Washu, and Aeka were winning
the game. “Ah,
wise investments make a big difference..” Said Washu wisely. Tenchi shook
his head smiling
and Sasami spun the spinner. It landed on a LIFE card, that gave her enough
money to buy her
house insurance, which kept her safe from natural disasters. She stubburnly
stuck out her tounge
and pulled down her right bottom eye lid at Washu and Aeka on the other side
of the board.
Washu crossed her arms. John stepped over the board, making sure he was
careful not to mess
it up, and sat in a large overstuffed velvet chair, he curled up like a thin
cat, watching intently at
the combatnents moves. “Hey, guys, where’s Mihoshi and Wingdon?” Shouted
Ryoko. “Oh,
they’re watching T.V. on the other side of the house.” Shouted Sasami
emtusiacstically. Ryoko
huffed with a smile, then popped in the living quarters. She hovered above
the couch that they
sat on. “Hey you two love birds....GET A ROOM!” With that, the two looked up
and gave her
a funny look. “Okay, okay, don’t bark or bite me, I get it.” She popped out
again. She decided
to go to her bedroom. She found a small stuffed cat on her bed pillow.
“John....” She wispered.
She fell on the bed and examined the cat. It was white and had big glossy
cartoonie eyes. Then
she noticed a small button on the heart shaped colar charm. She pressed it
in suspense. The
small cute voice rang out from a speaker in the back of it’s stuffed body:
“Meow, I love you,
Meow!” And with that Ryoko giggled girlishly, and hugged the cat toy to her
breast. She sighed,
rolled over, and fell asleep.

        Late that night, when Ryoko had woken up already, she heard a knock
on her
door.
She sat up on her bed, putting the cat toy on the head bed post/shelf. “Come
in!” She shouted.
In walked the tall and thin John. “John! What are you doing up so late?”
“Sorry to disturb you...but I can’t sleep, I just keep thinking of---” He
looked up, his eyes had
an unearthly glow to them. “Well, come sit down on my bed, we’ll rap.” He
did as he was told.
Ryoko smiled. “So, you wanna talk about.....her?”
“No, I don’t want to bother you--”
“It’s not bothering me. If it will make you feel better to talk about her,
then do it!”
“O-ohkay....” He sighed. “She was so beautiful. You should have seen her.
She had dark
brown eyes, almound shaped eyes, long black lashes, and long black curley
hair. She was
sweet too. And really smart! She outsmarted me at EVERYTHING! We ususally
had lots of
fun together. We had been an arranged couple, by our parents, but we were
happy....I did’nt
know she was dead until Washu told me. I guess her small body was’nt able to
live with the
poison inside of her.” At the end of John’s description of his beloved dead
wife, Ryoko put her
hand on John’s shoulder. “I’m sorry....that you have to go through that
pain....I wish I could
take it away from you. Make you feel like yourself.”
“That’s okay. It’s not your fault.” John curled up on the bed, while she
rubbed his shoulders.
“I’ve never had feelings for another human being like this...” Except
Tenchi...

End of Part Three

Part Four:
        Washu sat in wondering at the science lab’s main computer. Her
spiked pink
hair was
all brushed back and put in a pony tail, which she did’nt do often. She
stared at the computer’s
screen and the formula that was there disturbed her and made her mind’s cogs
and gears spin
and churn. She just HAD to find out how to make John a normal being. She
just had too...she
owed it to him. That and so much more...

        Ryoko woke up on the bed, her arm was wraped around the sleeping
John, who
had
obviously cried himself to sleep. She ran her fingers through his hair.
“Wake up, John. It’s
breakfast time.” John woke up slowly and staired at Ryoko sleepy eyed with a
small dry smile
on his lips. Ryoko stared at him for a moment, then giggled lightly with a
warm smile on her
face. John began to laugh as well. Then he nudged up quickly and layed a
tiny kiss on her lips.
Ryoko had a bit of a time getting air. Her heart beat fast and her breathing
was awkward, her
eyelashes fluttered as the ususal odd body warmth covered her chest and
torso, it was like
being flushed as hot as she could go, but not turn red. The heat faded
slightly, but she wanted
more. John kissed her once more. His own body in need of some physical
contact. She ran her
delecate fingers down his toned arm, looked down at his lips, then back at
his eyes. If I stare at
his lips too long, I won’t be able to control myself....doing a terrible job
as it is now... She
then shrugged, put a trembeling hand between the suken part of his neck
between his shoulders
and neck, and sunk deeply into a kiss. Her lips locked onto his, she could
feel the blood rushing
to her lips, and making them hotter and redder. She finally succombed
completely to her
passion, as she wraped her arms around John’s shoulders. John placed his
ready hands on her
small but womenly hips, and moved with her own motions in the kiss. Finally
Ryoko took her
tounge and flicked at his lips, as if knocking on a door, and then, with his
permission by opening
his mouth, her tounge rammed into his mouth lovingly. She licked at his
tounge, and he twirled
his own with hers. They did this for some time, exploring each other’s
mouths, until a knock
came at the door. Ryoko shot up in emberassment, and John just looked
awkwardly at the
door, his crouch in a not so waiting mood. The knocker came in. It was
Sasami. “Breakfast
time, you two!” She chimed, then bounced off back to the kitchen. Ryoko and
John looked at
each other, then went out the door to join the others at breakfast.

        Wingdon kissed at Mihoshi, gently and with much admiration. He just
landed
light loving
little pecks on Mihoshi’s tan face. He loved to kiss her forehead and cheeks
while she giggled
and blushed. “Oh gosh, you really know how to treat me....” Giggled Mihoshi,
as her face was
turning a pinkish color. She slipped her hand down to his thigh and gripped
onto it as he ran his
hands all over the top half of her body. Mihoshi shook a bit. A kiss like
the sweetest nectur.
Was all Mihoshi could remmber from her years of reading romance comic books.

        A girl stared off into the distance. She had just now found this old
Japanese shrine. She
was’nt a space alien like every one else on the primisice, she was a poet
from America. She
was very pale with dark blue eyes that were almost black and dark
blond/light brown hair. She
was barefoot on the dew covered ground and she loved to breath in the muggy
humid lake air.
She then pulled out a old dry doughnut and popped it in her mouth. “Mmmmmm”
Taking that
little break she slid down the long tree covered hill on her sandle clogs.
She shreaked and
squealed as she dodged trees and bushes and jumped over sticks as the smooth
surface over
her sandles made her practically ski down the moutain side. Then right about
the end of the slide
she jumped up high in the air and took the form of a small blue cat/rabbit
looking creature.
“Meow!” She shouted then hopped to the front of the house to figure out how
to get in to see if
there were any residences.

        At the breakfast table every one ate silent but still with happiness
as
their main aura.
Ryo-ohki sat in Sasami’s lap and snacked on her carrots until she sniffed
something in the air,
then she began to hiss. “Shaaaaaaa, shaaaaa!” She shreaked. Sasami pulled on
her. Every one
looked up to where Ryo-ohki was looking, and they saw the blue cabbit. The
cabbit seemed to
smile. Then the blue cabbit jumped ontop of the middle of the table. “How
cute! A blue
Ryo-ohki!” Shouted Sasami, who immidately picked her up. The blue cabbit
purred and
Ryo-ohki stopped hissing and tilted her head in question. “Wow,  I wonder
what her name is?”
Asked Sasami. Then Washu laughed heartily. “It’s the Magic Cabbit Amber!!!”
Every one
stared at the blue cabbit in question. “Yes, that’s right, she’s a magical
cabbit, well, actually,
she’s the fourth goddess. She’s very smart and can use minor magic
spells...put her down
Sasami, and she’ll transform to her true form.” Sasami nodded and put her
down on the floor.
She morphed slowly into a human form of the pale brown haired blue eyed
figure wearing a
white Chinese female’s cloth with Japanese wood sandle clogs and a necklece
with a large
Juraian jewel on it. “Hi Washu, long time no see!” Amber waved at Washu. “I
came down to
Earth to warn you guys that the immortal queen’s coming, and she is’nt too
happy....” Amber
said gravely. Washu’s eyes grew wide. “No....this can’t be happening.” Washu
stepped back
and bumped into Mihoshi who “Ow-ed” and every one else just stared at the
blond standing on
the table. Amber picked at her finger nail then snapped her fingers. “I
know, I’ll help you! I am
the goddess of all electric and lightning, right?” She smiled down at little
Washu and picked her
up with one hand. “Don’t worry, I’ll help.” Then she looked at John. “But he
has to hide, she’s
coming for him!” She pointed at the boy’s face. John turned whiter then
usual. Every one then
scrambled to the front of the house, in the living room, and began to make a
plan. “I told you
guys, don’t worry, all you need is for me to trap her in one of my electric
titanium cell-crystals,
like the one Washu was stuck in, and then we’ll all put her in the cave so
she can sleep for a few
million years and reflect on what she’s done!” Chimed Amber, now munching on
a carrot that
Ryo-ohki carried to her in her human/mass form. Every one smiled and nodded.
They counted
on her now, the goddess of lightning, to trap the immortal woman, and keep
John safe. After
about an hour of trembeling and tear flow from Sasami and Mihoshi, a
rumbiling came from the
front of the house by the lake. Amber ran out with the carrot still in her
hand and witnessed the
long recoiled queen. She stood there in the middle of the dock, her dark
green hair and eyes
seemed to glow and her skin was a pale aqua, which clashed a bit with her
purple dress of silk.
She was mad. Every one could tell. She began to float up in the air and
Amber came with her.
“Stop guarding him, Amber, give me that child.”
“No, I will protect him and any one else you try to destroy” With that she
blasted a powerful
electric blast towards her, but it did’nt phase her. Finally she walked on
air slowly and
agoniasily to the young goddess and clasped onto her neck with her hand and
held tight. Her
claws were sinking into the skin, blue blood spewed fourth from the wounds
and Amber’s eyes
started to glow with an electric aura. The Queen looked about her in
mystery, then a large bolt
of lightning came down and shocked the Queen. She was held in a tight bind
by the electricity,
so Amber started to chant some encanation, and the woman was drove across
the feilds, across
the seas across the moutains through moutains, trees, and cliffs, and all of
this pressure and
things in the Earth’s atmosphere drove a bond around her even tighter then
the electricity. A
crystalization of atoms began around the woman and she shreaked with pain as
Amber brought
her back to the Masaki home. “Now!” She shouted at Washu, who with one of
her orb-like
flying inventions sent the woman flying into the Masaki shrine cave and back
into the pool where
both Ryoko and Washu were awoken. Amber and the rest sighed with releif,
until that is, the
Queen busted out again. “NO!” Shouted Amber. She then stood ontop of the
water by the
gravity of Earth and brased her self for an unslaught of helpless slashings
and attacks by the
immortal Queen. They were two immortals duking it out with now aval. Amber
blasted her
again and again and again until she felt dizzy from the power usage.
Electric storms flew all over
the Earth and one was hovering over the Masaki home. Then Tenchi brought out
the Tenchi
sword and started to swing at the immortal Queen, Aeka started to form a
barrier around the
Queen and tried electricuting her with Jurain power, Ryoko flew up in the
air and sent blast after
blast towards the Queen and Washu sent powerful rays of atomic lasers onto
the Queen. She
was getting battered, even for an immortal. “Keep going!” Shouted Yosho, as
he pulled out his
practice sword and flew at her with amazing speed as well. Every one kept
attacking and flying
at her like mad hornets. Except, unlike honey bees, these insect-like people
kept coming back
even stronger, with out loosing a stinger. Amber kept lashing at her with
electricfied hands and
tears of blue blood ran from her eyes as she kept going and going. The
others followed her lead.
The Queen was now crouched in a fetal position on the dock her hands on the
top of her head
and the waves of the lake lashing at her long purple robe. The waves were
being caused by all
the power admitting from every one. Mihoshi and Naboyuki stared in silence
and Sasami and
Ryo-ohki clencthed their fists and teeth, hoping they won. Finally, in
haste, Sasami wispered
something in Ryo-ohki’s ear and the cabbit went flying to the Queen. The
Queen was now in an
electrified ball with less power then even Tenchi to stop any attacks. Every
one finally stopped
and every one knew exactly what to do now. Amber picked up the queen’s small
ball of a body
and threw her at Ryo-ohki who formed into the space ship with her locked
inside. Then the two
flew out to the deep ends of space. “Syanora, don’t forget NOT to write....”
Wispered Ryoko.
John came out of the house, tears ran from his eyes. “I saw the whole
thing....so this is love...”
He then grapeled Ryoko’s shoulders and deeply kissed her. She fell into a
trance as the two
locked lips. Tenchi laughed to himself and Wingdon caught Mihoshi by the
hips and kissed her
too. With that notion, Aeka took Tenchi in her arms and they kissed, Washu
grinned at the
happenings, until Naboyuki kissed her on the cheek, for that she held him by
his arms and
dipped him and began kissing him deeply in the mouth as well. Amber laughed
and turned to
Yosho and bowed. “I’d kiss you....but your a priest...”
“And your a goddess...” Yosho spoke. Then he took her wrists and dove into
her mouth
himself. Amber could’nt help but think how the other goddess were going to
treat her now.
Every one made out in the front lawn that day. It was something they did’nt
talk about much
after that, but still remembered foundly. And what of Ryo-ohki?

        Ken-ohki stood at the end of the bar, he had blondish white hair and
tan
skin, his eyes
were a gentle red. He was drinking a drink made of carrot juice and Jurain
rum. Ryo-ohki, with
light brown skin and dark brown hair nuzzled up to him, sipping on her own
cocktail drink.
After throwing the now dethroned queen out in space, she came upon Ken-ohki
in this old
space bar, and she decided, that she needed a vacation.

THE END!!!!