Discaimer:  Okay same drill applies, insert your fave here.  Thanx.

AN:  Sorry about that last chapter, it was kind of slow.  Oh well all fan
fics have slow chapters.  It was just a catch up to get to this chapter.
Have
  fun reading as always.

* *-thinking

Chapter 6: Secrets Revealed

Part 1-
    It was late at night when everyone got home and Tenchi sat in the living
room, watching Ryoko and Makeni tickle each other.  At one point in time he
yelled out, and when Ryoko asked him what was wrong, he said that he had a
muscle spasm.  After a few minutes Ryoko and Makeni went back to thier
tickle fest.  He was very happy  when everyone got home.  Before Tenchi
could move, Washu had hold of his arm and pulled him with her urgently.
They disappeared into the lab and Tenchi followed with great hesitation.
    "Don't worry  Tenchi, I don't want to do any experiments.  I need to
talk to you about Makeni." she looked at him, warnings of danger glinted in
her eyes.
                                     ~*~
    "Heya sis, do you want to come up to the roof with me and talk for
awhile?" Ryoko walked over to Serena and watched her untangle herself from
Darien's arms.  She couldn't help it and busted out laughing.
    "Not funny dear.  Yeah okay lets go." Serena grabbed Ryoko's hand and
was grabbed by another hand.  She looked back at the hand and noticed Darien
looking at her.
    "I'll be down in awhile.  Go take a bath or something.  Just please
don't hold my pillow again."
    "Well you pillow might just take your place." they all laughed and
Darien walked away.  Ryoko and Serena phased out to the roof.
                                     ~*~
    "So you did take him with you?  How did he get back then?" Tenchi
watched Washu type on her main computer looking for an answer.
    "I couldn't really tell you, but I figured out why the voice is so
familiar.  He sounds like...Kagato." her eyes glazed in fear.  That was one
of the only things, besides losing Ryoko, that scared her to death.  Ryoko
shared her mother's thoughts about Kagato.  Their reasons varying only
slightly.
    "Well 'Little Washu', what are we going to do?" Tenchi looked at her
with concern.  He didn't want anything to happento Ryoko.
    "We can do nothing, because it may just be a coincedence.  If it is him,
he will be stronger, because he would have been brought back by powerful and
dangerous means.  This time, you have to wait it out, to find out what
Makeni's plan is, if there is one.  It could just be that he is taken by
Ryoko, like she is by you." she smiled at Tenchi again.
    "What do I do then?"
    "You need to keep an eye on Ryoko, whether it be by spying or when she's
in the room.  Just watch her.  If Makeni has a plan, we will find it out
very soon.  Of that I'm sure." sending Tenchi on his way, Washu turned back
to her computer to set up monitoring devices all over the house.
                                     ~*~
    "He can be possessive at times, but only for a few minutes.  I can do
what I want, he knows he can't stop me at doing that.  I just hope the
pillow thing doesn't become more." Ryoko and Serena laughed at the comment.
    "No but really he is a great person, both in company and love."
    The two atop the roof talked on about Tenchi, Darien, and the new guy,
Makeni.
                                     ~*~
    Again, like everynight so far the stranger quietly, but quickly moved to
a position to watch his ever growing obsession.  Wishing ever sweet smile
and tinker-bell laugh was directed only to him.  The stranger had positioned
himself in the crook of the tree, hidden by shadows.  Though, he couldn't be
seen, he could watch his beloved with full view.  This was his favorite
spot.

    *God, I want to wrap my arms around your waist, and caress your
beautiful skin.  Emerse my hands in your flowery smell.  Shower your body
with sweet, soft kisses.  Come home and find you waiting in the doorway.
Waiting for my love.  Want you to only see me.  Only have me touch you, for
every other touch is a sting.
    I wish for you to leave that man, that possesive man.  The one you have
to tell your every action.  Leave him and come to me.  I would love you
without fear of wonder.   Hope of what your every action is, does not
involve another man.  That man does NOT deserve you!
    That's okay though, soon you'll be mine.  Very, very soon.  Till then my
love.*
    The stranger snuck away, back to the house, in much anticipation to
start his plan into action.  For it would happen very soon.

Part 2-
    "Hey Darien.  Would you come with me to the lab?  Please." Washu smiled
and winked at Tenchi when she said that.

    *Oh boy, there she goes again.*

    Darien looked at Tenchi then at Washu, and back to Tenchi, wondering
what the whole secret was.  With great reluctance, he agreed and walked over
to the lab entrance.  He had remembered that Tenchi told him to do whatever
Washu said or you wouldn't like the consequences.
    "May I ask what for, though?"
    "I just want to perform a few...tests.  Nothing much, just a mandatory
thing I do to everyone who has ever come here.  It will be fast, painless,
and *he he* fun!" she smiles real big at Darien and pulled him into the lab.
    Tenchi sat on the couch and waited to see how long it would take before
Darien broke.  There was complete silence for about 30 minutes.

     *Man, she must not scare Dar-*

    "What the hell are you doing Washu?!  Leave my lower body alone!" a yell
came out of the lab.  Tenchi started laughing.

    *Nope, spoke too soon.  So that is what I sound like from in there.*

    He smiled and shook his head, while listening to the screams.
    "But Darien, I have MAGIC fingers!"
    "I don't care, leave me ALONE!!"
    "But I'm an angel of mercy, Darien."
    "No your an angel of HELL!!  Let me go NOW!!"
                                     ~*~
    Later, after Darien stumbled out of the lab and ran upstairs to hide,
Tenchi was sitting on the couch still when Makeni walked in.

    *Wow he is not with Ryoko, that's a first.*

    "Hey Makeni, why aren't you with Ryoko?" Tenchi's voice had a slight
twinge of anger.  Makeni just barely caught it.
    "She is on the roof talking with that Serena girl." he smiled and sat
down on a lounge chair.
    "Oh yeah.  They are probably catching up or talking about guys.  You
know how sisters are." he laughed at his thought of Ryoko and Serena
dreamily talking about the guys they liked.  He could just see it now.
Ryoko would be all starry-eyed and would probably fall off the roof from
joy, and Serena would blush when asked about Darien.
    "They are sisters?"
    "Yeah.  They just found out about two days before you arrived, and their
mother is the red-haired devil in the lab.  Hee hee."

    *That could be useful for my plan.  As much as she hates to admit it,
Ryoko can't stand losing loved ones.  Especially when she is still getting
to know a recently found relative.  This is just perfect.  Thank
you, Tenchi.*

                                     ~*~

     "Wow, this whole family thing is a huge surprise, if I do say so
myself.  Turns out I have a daughter who just happens to be a princess and a
soon to be son-in -law who is Prince of the Earth.  Jeez Tenchi, what type
of blood runs in your family?  First Yosho, then you, no your cousin.  I
wonder if that Safiiru guy is any different.  I guess I'll have to find
out." Washu typed and stored information she gathered and planned for
the "hostile" take-over of Safiiru's body.
                                     ~*~
    "Hey Ryoko, I'm going to take a walk in the woods.  I'll talk later.
Bye." Serena jumped off the roof,  onto her balcony and walked through the
house  to the trail leading into the woods.
    As soon as she entered the woods, Serena took a deep breath of the sweet
fragrance from the trees.  Serena walked for awhile and came to a stop
infront of Ryoko's cave.  Studying it for a moment, she realized how lonely
it looked.

    *Ryoko had to hate it in there.*

    Just before she turned to leave, Serena spotted a dark figure move at
the mouth of the cave.  Deciding to be bold, she called out to the figure.
    "Who are you?  Show yourself." as soon as she said that, Safiiru
appeared in the light.
    "Oh hi Safiiru.  What are you doing here?"
    "I've come to take you away my princess.  FOREVER."

    Write me, flame me, hell I don't care.  Just tell me what you think so
far.  Bye for now.

