Disclaimer:  Input your favorite "I don't give a shit whether I own whatever
show" here.  Thanx.

AN:  Hey everyone.  Sorry it has taken me so long to get off my ass and
type, but I have been busy.
   School and all.  Anywayz, have fun reading.  I promise you are getting
close to the sex chapters, but
   you still have a little bit.  Sorry about that ^_^.   However, sex just
don't go with these parts too well.
   Last, I would like to thank everyone who has written me about my fan fic
so far, but I would like flames
   also.  I know my story is not perfect and there has to be someone who is
in total hate of my story.  Please
   write me.  Bye.

* *-thinking

Chapter 5: Daydreams, Nightmares, and Unlikely Jealousy

Part1-
     The next morning Tenchi walked downstairs to find Serena leaning
against Darien, his arm wrapped possively around her waist.

    *Maybe Ryoko was right.*

    Laughing lightly at this thought, he looked at everyone else.  Ryoko was
talking to Kiyone, Sasami was cooking, Ayeka quietly talked to Serena, Washu
was helping Sasami, and Safiiru had not come down yet.  Hearing a crash
outside, followed by a loud 'Ow', he could only guess that Mihoshi was
outside.  Suddenly the screen door slid open; Mihoshi and a stranger walked
in.
    "Hello everyone.  This is... um" Mihoshi looked up as if she was trying
to see into her brain (AN: LOL, *ahem* sorry) for the answer.
    "Makeni.  What are you doing here?"
    "Yeah that's it.  Makeni Hokubi.  Wait, how did you know that?" she
looked to the steps and everyone else followed her gaze.
    "Safiiru?" Tenchi looked at him questionably, as did the others.
    "Makeni is my best friend.  I have known him since I was 10 years old.
What are you doing here?"
    "You told me where you were going and I followed or rather was bored.  I
hope it's no trouble." Makeni looked around and winked at Ayeka.  She
quickly looked down, for she knew exactly who it was.  Thankfully, no one
else noticed this exchange in facial expressions.  Ryoko hung back
uneasily.  There was a familiarity to his voice that grated on her mind, but
she couldn't figure out why.  Washu could feel Ryoko's weariness.  She
shrugged and filed the information in for later theory.  Tenchi didn't
notice anything unusual (AN: Figures. ^_^) and offered for Makeni to stay,
of course, on Sasami's approval.
    "No it's no problem, you may stay as long as you would like.  Please
accept the offer." Tenchi offered his hand as reassurment.
    "Okay, thank you." he shook Tenchi's hand and smiled back, only for
another reason.

    *Okay step one accomplished.  Now to get Ryoko on my side.  I feel
you're uneasiness dear.  That will change though.*

                                     ~*~

    Later that day, Ryoko was sitting on the couch, watching an increadibly
boring soap opera.  Soon she found herself in a wonderful daydream.

--Ryoko's Daydream--
    "Oh my Tenchi, I love you so much.  Word's just can't explain it." she
smiled at her love while they walked hand in hand on a path through the
meadow.
    "I love you too, Ryoko." Tenchi bent over and picked a daisy from a
patch of flowers.  He brushed it gently across her face, then handed the
daisy to his love.  Ryoko put her hands around his neck and pulled him close
for a passionate kiss.  Tenchi slowly lied them both down in the middle of
the fragrant blossoms.  His hands exploring her body on the way down.
    The sensation sent chills down Ryoko's spine, but Tenchi began to get
rough.  When she opened her eyes, she was staring straight into cold, harsh
eyes.  Eyes that belonged to her worst nightmare.  When Ryoko tried to move,
she found herself frozen to the spot as Kagato ran his hand down her face
softly, then brutally slapped her.
--Reality--

    "AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!! Noooooo....let me go.....Please!"
Ryoko started yelling.
    "Miss?  Miss please!  Ry...uh...Ryo..Ryoko wake up NOW!" Makeni shook
Ryoko, she flailed her arms about as if she was falling, but stopped,
abruptly when her eyes snapped open.  Frantically, she surveyed her
surroundings, realizing that she was on the couch.
    "Holy shit!  Sleep really is my enemy." looking up, Ryoko saw who had
woke her up.  She noticed that his brow was furrowed in concern.  Mentally,
Ryoko kicked herself fro showing her vunerability in public.  Not even
Tenchi had seen that.
    "Are you okay Ryoko?" he smile at her.

    *He has a warm smile.*

    "Yeah," she shook her head, "Yeah, I'm fine.  Thanks, Makeni.  I guess
you were my night in shining armor.  For once it's not Tenchi." she smiled
at him, a genuienly beautiful smile, and they both laughed at the comment.

    *That's right Ryoko.  Get used to me, then I'll show you my true
identity*

Part 2-
    Over the next two days or so, Ryoko and Makeni had become well
aquainted.  They would do many things together, but they most always liked
walking in the woods to talk about what was bothering them or just to talk.
Ryoko had stopped fighting with Ayeka, started calling Washu mom, and even
stopped tackling Tenchi.
    Everyone had noticed her behavior and many liked it.  Ayeka was glad,
because she got to spend more time with Tenchi and because she was being
left alone.  Washu had never been happier and came out of her lab more
often.  That really got people's attention, and Tenchi was just relieved but
sad at the same time.  He was happy she wasn't tackling him, but Ryoko never
confided in him anymore, nor did she watch him sleep.  Not that he was
complaining.  If he went on the roof to talk to her, he would always find
Makeni.  They would sit up their all night, doing god knows what when he
wanted to do the same thing with her "without" Makeni.
                                     ~*~

    *That's not right.  He just shows up at my door and Ryoko tells me she
doesn't feel comfortable with him, then POOF!  Now they are the best of
friends and he just takes my place.  That's not fair!*

    "Where did that come from Tenchi?" a slight giggle came from beside his
bed.  Tenchi sat up quickly to see a certain red-haired, child-sized  person
sitting next to his bed.
    "How did you get in my room and what are you talking about?"
    "I changed the mechanism on your door, back to a knock.  To the other
question, I have been monitoring your thoughts for quite some time now.
Seems, in your mind, you have chosen a girl, but not voiced it out loud.
That or you still don't realize that you have chosen a girl.  Ryoko means a
lot to you doesn't she?" Washu smiled at Tenchi, a knowing smile, but not a
sly one.
    "Yeah I guess.  It's not fair though.  Why does he now take my place in
just two days." Tenchi grabbed his covers in frustration.
    "Maybe because you always pushed her away before and now she has found
someone who doesn't and she enjoys being with him.  Though, I wouldn't
worry, Tenchi.  Her heart still belongs to you.  But really, how many times
do you actually expect to push her away with hopes of her coming back?  Just
a thought." Washu got up and left Tenchi sitting on his bed, thinking about
her question.  For once Washu actually made a great deal of sense to him.

    *I'm going to talk to Ryoko tomarrow and get everything straightened
out.*

    Tenchi layed down and went back to struggling to go to sleep.
                                     ~*~
    The next morning, Tnechi walked downstairs to find only Ryoko sitting in
the den.  She had a confused look on her face.

    *Good, now I can talk to her without Makeni around.*

    Looking up, Ryoko saw Tenchi and flashed a smile.
    "Washu and Yosho took everyone to the beach today and told me I couldn't
go.  What did I do?"
    "Well apparently they decided not to take me either, cause I'm still
here.  I guess we both did something wrong.  Oh well, would you like to take
a walk Ryoko?" he held his arm out to her and she gladly accepted.
                                     ~*~
    They walked through the woods and came to a stop infront of her cave.
Ryoko had a slight chill looking at her old captivity, but soon vanished
when they sat down next to it.
    "So Ryoko, what has happened lately, I never see you anymore."
    "Well you told me to stop bothering you all the time so I took your
advice.  Besides, Makeni and I have become very good friends and I talk to
him a lot.  Now you're able to spend more time with Ayeka, isn't that what
you wanted?"
    Tenchi looked at her with amasement.
    "Are you okay Tenchi?"
    "Yeah it's just that I -" Tenchi was cut short when Makeni came walking
into view.
    "There you are Ryoko.  Where is everybody?"
    "Hi Makeni, they all went to the beach.  I thought you had gone with
them.  Why are you still here?"
    "I was in the onsen and I guess they forgot me."
    Seeing that he was not going to get to talk to Ryoko, Tenchi got up.
    "Well Ryoko, I'll leave you two alone.  I have to go work in the fields
anyways.  I'll talk to you later.  Bye." he walked down the trail past
Makeni.  Tenchi thought he saw a slight smile on Makeni's face, but decided
to wait til they were alone to do anything, if at all.

    *That's right Tenchi.  Keep walking, you're not going to ruin my plans.
I have worked to hard.*

                                     ~*~

--The Beach--
    "Oh no, how did Makeni get back to the house?  He is an interesting
person.  I have a bad feeling about him." Washu grabbed her chin in
confusion.

    *Watch out Tenchi.  He may be after more than your position with Ryoko.
Keep your eyes open.*

Okay kids, that's all for now, but come back tomarrow.  Same bat time, same
bat channel.  Bye!