It was like any other morning at the Masaki Residence, Washu was fiddling
with one of her inventions, mind you this "little" invention was the size of
the table and had a Biohazardous sign on it. Tenchi grimaced at the thought
of what it could do, and what the little genious had planned for it. Ryoko,
as usual, was pigging out on the delicious food Sasami had made, her face
was
in the dish and she was eating plate after plate. Ayeka was sitting in front
of Ryoko with a disgusted look on her face. "She is so disgusting." Ayeka
thought as she took another sip of her tea, "Not suitable for Tenchi" she
thought  taking another sip of tea. Nobuyuki had gone off to some business
thing in the States and wouldn’t be back anytime soon, "Something with his
business, but probably chasing another woman around." Tenchi thought with a
chuckle. Grandpa was working at the shrine, as usual. "Now another "normal"
breakfast he thought, "Ayeka and Ryoko should start fighting any minute he
thought." Tenchi sat down quiet as usual, didn't utter a word except good
morning to them all. Ryoko then looked over from her plate and put on a sly
grin.

"Ooooooooo, Tenchi your so cute come here and give me a big kiss, come on
you
know you want too!! Ryoko said.

As she said this she started walking toward Tenchi on all fours, with a sexy
purr in her voice. She then grabbed him in a tight hold and hugged him, this
was cutting off Tenchi's air and he started turning blue. Ayeka looked
towards them and looked like she was going to scream, and well she did!!

"GET AWAY FROM HIM YOU LITTLE HUSSY I WON'T TOLERATE THAT KIND OF BEHAVIOR
TOWARD MY TENCHI!" screamed Ayeka, "LET HIM GO NOW, OR I WILL BE FORCED TOO
HURT YOU RYOKO!! Ayeka screamed again.

"Tenchi's mine and you know it!! Ryoko hissed, then she stuck her tongue out
at Ayeka.

"NO HE'S NOT!!" Ayeka screamed again.

"Ryoko can you let go of me, your choking me, I can't breathe." Tenchi
choked
out.

"Sure, anything for you my Tenchi." Ryoko purred.

He got up as Sasami walked into the room. That's when Ryoko got right up in
Ayeka's face.

"Oo no, not this again, they might level the house again." Tenchi said.
"I know, I hate when they get like this." Sasami said pouting.

Logs started to form around Ayeka as sparks started to fly from Ryoko's
hands. This is when Tenchi knew he had to get in the middle before they
really hurt someone.

"Ok, let's take this outside ladies." Tenchi said, pushing the two warring
girls out the door. "Listen try not to destroy the house this time." Tenchi
said.
"How could you call this brute a lady?" Ayeka said to Tenchi, but really for
Ryoko to hear.
"OH YEAH, I'LL SHOW YOU BRUTE YOU SPOILED LITTLE BRAT!!" Ryoko screamed.
."HOW DARE YOU, YOU, YOU....." Ayeka said as Tenchi walked into the house
not
hearing the rest of the sentence. Tenchi just shook his head as he walked
inside. As he walks inside there is an explosion outside that shakes the
house.

Tenchi grimaced as he heard a scream from Ryoko and then a thud. Tenchi
quickly turned and rushed outside. When he got outside he saw Ryoko slumped
on the floor, Ayeka still where she was when she made the attack. She had a
shocked face on, she couldn’t believe what she just did.

"Lord Tenchi will never pick me now, he would never take someone so
cold….it’
s all over, it was destined to be this way I guess, if only, if….." Ayeka
thought.

Tenchi started over to Ryoko with lightning speed as to get to her as fast
he
could. He lifted her slightly, "Sasami, go get water!!" Tenchi shouted. "Ok"
Sasami said, Sasami ran in the house and quickly got the water. He made
Ryoko
drink some, he sprinkled a little on her face to wake her up.

Ryoko slowly opened her eyes, it was slightly painful but to see her one
true
love sitting beside her, holding her, she gained the strength to do so.

"Tenchi." she whispered. "Ryoko." Tenchi whispered back, as he said this he
slowly lifted Ryoko up off the ground. When he got her up he looked into her
eyes and said, "Ryoko, I lo--, that’s when he noticed she was sound
asleep.
He smiled deeply as he held her closely, he found his one true love, "Ryoko,
I love you." Tenchi whispered. As he brought her inside. He failed to notice
Ayeka walking towards her ship with only a slight tear in her eye, "I will
always love you, Tenchi….." she whispered as the beam brought her slowly
up,
away from those she loved she would finally reclaim her Jurian throne as she
lost the battle that was obviously doomed from the day they met……..

Tenchi then lied Ryoko on his bed and walked out of the room, slowly closing
the door so not to wake her. He finally found his one true love, he thought
as he walked down the stairs, finally, he thought with a warm smile on his
face.

"Tenchiiiiii" Ryoko purred in her sleep, with a warm smile on her face, just
like Tenchi’s, as she fell into a deeper sleep.

Authors Notes- Part 2 should be out soon, I hope you liked 1, email me if
you
got any questions, comments, anything I don’t care even reticule me!!! :D
-Bongert
