Disclaimers and copyrights: All these characters belong to AIC and Pionner
LDC. (What ever that means, I'm not a lawer, mind you). The only characters
that are mine, Wingdon, John and Marcie. I enjoy e-mail, give me all your
comments about this fic. If you have a problem with it, don't e-mail it to
GenSao, it's not his fault. E-mail me. I'll ask to take it off, or I'll tell
you what I think : ) Depends on what you say to me. Let the show begin, eh?

        Mihoshi sat in a brown leather chair eating an apple, while Tenchi
was
studying an
action manga (Japanese comic book). Washu sat on a pillow on the floor
typing on her
holograph computer, Ryoko and Aeka were trampleing each other to Tenchi’s
laundry to clean
it, just to impress him. Sasami and Ryo-ohki were in the kitchen staying
busy over a pot of
ramon noodles and a plate of newly made sushi and shrimp. Washu got up,
cracked her
knuckles and walked off to her labrotory under the stair case. Tenchi looked
up. “What are you
doing now, little Washu?” She stared at him. “Going to look up some info on
my newest study.
The shapeshifter.” She smiled. “There creatures with unbalanced unstable
chemistry, there very
chromosomes are out of wack! There born with the abulity to transform into
anything, or any
one, that contains atoms. (Which all things do).” Mihoshi stared at Washu in
complete silence,
then fell over with the weight of confusion on her head. She stood back up,
then looked back at
Washu as if in a trance. “Huh?” She then walked up to her.
“Shapeshifter....sounds familiar, I
think the Galaxy Police fought a few of those.”
“Well, Mihoshi, it would’nt be impossible, there are planets out there with
nothing but
shapeshifters. Of course your going to get a few bad egg space pirates from
whole planets of
those creatures.”
“Ah....” Mihoshi sat back down and poundered the newly arisin subject. It
did’nt take her long
to get tired and fall asleep from the pondering, a small white bubble came
from her mouth as she
lightly snored. Washu struted into her lab door. Tenchi smiled at Mihoshi,
and walked to the
kitchen to check on dinner.

        Washu stood at the foot of a large water foutain inside her lab. On
the
bottom tank
under the water foutain, was a young slim man, with white skin, dark blond
hair, and his eyes
were closed, as his eye lashes fluttered, Washu ran her hand down the glass.
“Don’t worry,
John, I’ll find a way to bring you back out of the tank” She looked at the
face in the glass,
kissed the glass above the young man’s cheek, then walked off to one of her
larger computers.
A screen popped up, with a picture of the young man. The information on his
profile and bio
showed up beside the picture, explaining that he was a shapeshifter of
unknown origin, and that
he had died in a galient battle against a larger more supeior race of
shapeshifter from a
protruding planet. He died from many invisible darts filled with poison. “I
can’t believe an
ex-assistant of mine helped make those dredful devices....”. Washu clenched
her fist, then
walked huridley on to another computer screen, and a few liquid bases in
tubes, and began to
work on her cure, to bring back John DarkSun.

        Ryo-ohki followed Tenchi faithfully to the large garden to help him
with
carrot picking.
She had transfromed into her Mass/Ryo-ohki form, and began pulling carrots
out of the ground
steadily when Tenchi found his way to the carrot part. She had a bushel of
carrots already,
before Tenchi had even started, and thrown them into the back-carrier
basket. “Mreooww!”
She said cheerfully, a great smile widening across her cute face. Tenchi
looked back at her and
chuckled as he picked out more carrots. “Mreow, mreow, mreow!!!” She shouted
again.
Tenchi kept picking at the carrots, until his grandfather came out of the
tree shadows to him.
“Tenchi, picking more carrots?” Tenchi smiled at Yosho. “Yes, sir. I was
just trying to get some
carrots for Sasami and Ryo-ohki!” Ryo-ohki chimed in “Meow!” The wise old
man nodded,
and sat down in a lawn chair under the shade, drinking a cup of tea. What a
kind lad... thought
his grandfather. He sipped at the tea from the fragile china cupware. Once
the two carrot
tenders finished picking carrots, Tenchi loaded the large satchel on his
back, and Ryo-ohki
transformed back to her self and hopped atop Tenchi’s sturdy shoulder. “I
brought a buggy with
me, you two can ride on it, instead of walking.” Tenchi’s grandfather said,
while still sipping on
the tea. Tenchi and Ryo-ohki nodded, and walked with Yosho to the buggy
cart. They began to
start then engine, when suddenly a figure stood before them. It was a large
dark skinned
indiviual, with long black wavey hair, and brown eyes. “I come for John
DarkSun!” Shouted the
angry tall man. Tenchi stood up out of the buggy. “I’m sorry, we don’t know
any John
DarkSun....” The man seemed aggitated. “Oh, is that so? Then how come I can
feel his
pressance? Are you lying to me? ARE YOU?!?!” The man shouted, he pointed his
finger at
Tenchi, and a shockwave of electricity was shot in one string-like laser. It
knocked Tenchi to
the tree, knocking him uncouncious. The man sneered, then walked up to the
buggy. He looked
into the old man’s face. “Do I know you? Do you happen to be from Jurai?”
The man was
close enough to Tenchi’s grandfather, to hear his breathing. Tenchi’s
grandfather jumped up into
the air, did a flip, then landed beside his fallen grandson. He looked at
the man. “I don’t think
you belong here.” He said, quietly and patiently. The dark man chuckled, and
withdrew a large
samari sword made of some mysterious force, instead of a blade. The dark man
charged at the
older man, but he dodged it, then withdrew his own sword, the Tenchi sword,
and began to
make light stealthy steps in front of his grandson to protect his vulnibrle
body. The younger man
smiled. “Ah, so I see you wanna fight? Well, okay, pops. LET’S DO IT!” With
that the man
swooped up in the air in a hawk like stance, then crouched in front of the
old man effortlessly,
like a ninja standing watch. He looked up at the old man for an instant,
then slashed at the
oldman’s chest. It missed, the old man had dodged it. The old man, still
stood there, guarding
Tenchi’s body, while he took a swipe at the younger man’s arm. It had missed
as well. The
younger man tried to slice at the old man’s throut, which was a deadly
mistake, as the older man
grabed him by the wrist, startling the young dark man, making him drop his
sword. He sunk to
the ground, in defeat. “You have won this duel, oh honorble elder....” and
with that, the stranger
backed away, and dissipeared in a flash of dark purple smoke. Tenchi’s
grandfather breathed a
sigh, then attempted to revive Tenchi. “Wake up, wake up boy...” He could’nt
get him to rise.
Finally in desperation, he picked the teen-age boy off the ground, and put
him in the passenger
seat on the buggy. Ryo-ohki attempted to slap him awake with her small white
paws, but to no
avail. They finally drove off towards the house, in hopes to revive him with
water or to just let
him sleep it off.

        Aeka sat in the garden and arranged a bouque of roses and apple
blossoms,
with
babybreath. She smiled at her arrangement, and went to Tenchi’s room to
place it on his bed as
a present. As she made her way up to his bedroom, Ryoko walked up to her in
the hall.
“What’cha got there, princess?” Aeka frowned. “Nothing, you monster...”
“Awww, how touching.”
“Go away. It’s just....a gift....”
“A gift huh? Flowers for a boy? Ha!”
“GET AWAY!” Aeka in her frustraition pushed away the startled and slightly
humored Ryoko.
Ryoko hovered in the air cross-legged, as Aeka walked into the room with the
flowers. Ryoko
snapped her fingers, and rushed outside. When Aeka left the room, done with
setting the flower
arrangement. She heard some noise in the room. She went back. To her
surprise, there was
Ryoko, sitting on the bed, playing with a bushel of roses and dandylions.
And all around the
room were wild and domestic flowers alike. On the window, piled on the
dressers, streaming
out of the closet, hanging from the stucco ceiling, all over the bed sheets
and on the pillows, on
the book shelves, well, they had practicaully taken over the room! Ryoko
chuckled to herself as
Aeka stared in fascinated scilence. Aeka shook her self, huffed, then
stomped out of the room,
very unlady-like. Ryoko laughed hysterically, and popped herself back into
the den. She found
Mihoshi. “Hey! Where’s Washu? I need some of that jelly she makes for hair
styleing!” Mihoshi
shrugged, then went on reading her Romance Manga. Ryoko rolled her tounge
around in her
mouth, then walked over to the lab door. She knocked loudly, then popped
herself inside. She
could hear Washu saying “Just a minute.” Washu walked up to Ryoko.
“Goodness, why do you
do that!?” Washu was holding a hand over her chest, as to steady her heart.
She layed a hand
on her shoulder. “So, what do you need, little Ryoko...”
“Don’t call me ‘little’ Ryoko.....I’m not a---”
“Now now! You are my offspring, adult or not...., so, what do you need?”
“More styling gel.”
“Ah, I’ll go get it.” Washu walked off quickly to a large pink tube, poured
some in a bottle, and
handed it to Ryoko. Ryoko took the bottle and smiled. “Thanks.....’Mom’!”
She popped out
again. Washu sighed and went back to her end of the lab where John was. She
looked in the
tube, there was a slight stir. Washu’s eyes lit up. “He’s coming back! That
mysterious poison,
that had made his body immoble, and unable to work on it’s own....most be
waring off with the
treatments!” She claped. Then the arm of the patient shook. Washu shouted
and laughed. The
tube’s attacthed to the young man’s mouth muzzle, started to move, and then
the man’s eyes
opened. The man looked surprised and in mental shock. Washu hurried, so the
man would’nt
be damaged mentally, to the large computer, and shut off all life supports.
She then opened the
life tube, and made the tube elevator bring him up out of the now sinking
water. “John? John
DarkSun? Can you hear me?” She said, her hands clasped together.
“Y-y-yes....” He
respouned, his voice husky and deep, even for a 20 year old man. The young
thin man walked
down the stairs that had materilzed in front of him. “Ms. Washu?” He said,
his voice a bit raspy.
“What happened? I remember blackening out...”
“Don’t worry about it....the wars gone. We won. Now it’s the year 2001.”
“Oh my....where am I?”
“A planet called Earth, I know you’ve never been here, but you’ll have to
live here for a
while...”
“Oh...where’s Marcie?”
“She’s......”
“Oh.” John looked down, and walked off. Washu walked up to him and placed a
hand on his
shoulder. “I’m sorry, I tried to save her too, but I could’nt. It was too
late, John.” She draped a
cloth robe over his shoulders, then took his hands, and walked infront of
him. “Come on, I want
to show you your living quarters.”

        “Tenchi! Your awake!” Tenchi stared at Aeka, Ryoko, Yosho, Ryo-ohki
in Mass
form
all hovering over him. Mihoshi was sitting on the bed with a cloth ready to
put it over his head.
In walked Washu and John. “I thought you were all in here...as usual....I
have some one for you
all to meet.” Every one stared at Washu, and Tenchi smiled sweetly. “What is
it, Little Washu?”
She moved out of the way for every one to see the tall thin man in a long
heavy robe. “His name
is John. He’s a shapshifter from planet Jurai.” Tenchi stood up to shake the
man’s hand. The
man looked at it. Tenchi smiled. “This is how we say hello.” John nodded,
then shook Tenchi’s
hand. Tenchi bowed with his neck and introduced the names of his fellows.
John nodded and
they all seemed to enjoy John’s pressence. Sasami came out of the corner by
the window and
walked to the man. “Your a shapeshifter? Does that mean you can change into
anything?” John
smiled, then transformed into a perfect copy of Sasami. They both blinked at
the same time.
“WOW!” Shouted Sasami. John laughed. “Arn’t I cute?” Asked John, giggling
girlishly in
Sasami’s voice. Sasami nodded, took John’s hand and they both ran out the
door. The other’s
could hear Sasami asking him to change into different things. Ryo-ohki ran
out the door to catch
up with the two. Mihoshi giggled and ran with Ryo-ohki to see the tricks he
was preforming.
Washu smiled, and Ryoko just laughed. Tenchi smiled and looked out the door.
There they
were. John had turned himself into a giant blue frog, and Sasami was riding
on top of his
shoulders, as Ryo-ohki and Mihoshi petted his head. Tenchi’s grandfather
chuckled and walked
on through the hall, giving a light pat on the frog’s head, then walking on
downstairs.

End of Part One.

Part Two:
        The dark man, unknown to the rest of the family, walked through the
grassy
feilds along
the house. His dark purple light blade by his muscular leather clad leg. He
found the garden, and
walked through it. He went to the glass back doors. With telekenetic powers,
he opened the
door, steped in, and saw Mihoshi. He had a sparkeling vision of beauty (in
his opinion) in his
eyes. “My, what an angel...” He wispered. The young woman looked up from her
book and
smiled. “Hello! Are you a friend of the family?” Mihoshi stood up to greet
the stranger. He
smiled. “No, mam, but I wish to find a man named John, if you could direct
me to him. May I
greet you in a proper way of my order?” He asked. She shook her head,
mesmerized, herself,
by his looks. He lifted her small tan hand to his mouth, and laid a gentle
dry kiss on the top. He
kept in the bowing position, and looked at her, with a smile. “My name is
Wingdon. What’s
yours, my dear?” He asked. She smiled. “M-Mihoshi...” She sighed.
“Uhm....you stay
here....I’ll go get John...” She said, shyly, then ran off giggleing to find
John. Wingdon sat in a
leather chair with a shallow imprint of Mihoshi’s body on it. He could smell
the light scent of her
perfume. His animal keen scences loved the feel of the chair, and the smell
of her, and the way
the air from the air conditioning wisked away his worries in it’s electronic
hum. Then John and
Mihoshi walked up behind him. He shot up in a rush. “Ah, thank you, Ms.
Mihoshi.” he said, his
voice gentle, yet menecing from the sight of John. “So, long time no see,
Mr. DarkSun!”
“Wingdon HalfClaw!” Gasped John. “So, you two know each other, after all!”
Chimed
Mihoshi. Both men nodded. “I....I thought you were dead, master...” Said
John. He bowed at
the hips gracefully. Mihoshi was confused, which happened often. Wingdon
smiled, nodded,
then pulled up his student by his shoulders. Wingdon hugged onto his
student, John. Mihoshi
smiled. “Oh! A sensai and his student! Ah, I see!” Mihoshi ran to Sasami and
Ryoko in the
kitchen and got them back into the den to see the guest. Sasami and Ryoko
both had hearts in
their eyes for Wingdon. Ryo-ohki came in the room, and started hissing. All
the girls did’nt
seem to notice, as they stared at the dark tall hunk in front of them.
Tenchi and his grandfather
shame. “I’m sorry, I did’came in from down stairs. “What? That’s the guy
that attacked me!”
Tenchi pointed at the man with wide eyes. “What?” Asked John. Wingdon bowed
his head in nt
know. I thought you had my student imprisoned, or captured. I’d kill to keep
him safe. He’s
like...a son to me.” Wingdon had a loving face now. Tenchi’s grandfather
nodded. “Yes, I
understand why you attacked us. I forgive you.” Tenchi nodded as well. The
man smiled.
“Thank you. I feel so rude.” Tenchi’s grandfather waved his hands in front
of him. “No, no, it’s
fine! We understand!” Sasami shook herself from her daze of love for the
tall young sensai. “I
almost forgot to tell you all, it’s tea time!”
“Tea time?” Said the rest at the same time. John and Wingdon smiled. They
obviously knew
something about this ritual.

        All the gang, plus the new additions, that on short notice, had to
stay,
because of
Wingon’s ship’s unsafe conditions, were sitting around a short legged table,
drinking small cups
of tea, eating rice crackers, and watching the newest evening soap opera.
“Oh no...” Wispered
Mihoshi. “Is he going to die?” Sasami looked at the screen with teary eyes.
Ryo-ohki meowed
softly with wide eyes. Washu sipped on her tea, and enjoyed the cliff-hanger
show, while her
odd daughter chomped on rice cakes, sitting selfishly between both Tenchi
and Wingdon. “Ha!
Look at me! Both the men I like, and I’m right in between them!” Princess
Aeka was sitting
beside John, who she thought was cute, but not into completely as much as
Tenchi. Mihoshi
was between Wingdon and John. Under the table, Wingdon sliped his hand shyly
over
Mihoshi’s as the couple on the television played a scene of romantic kissing
and passionate talk.
Mihoshi shyly looked over at him, a light blush rushed over her face, and
she smiled. Wingdon
grinned at her charmingly. Sasami now seemed more interested in the real
soap opera going on
in the den then on the television. Sasami giggled at the two and thought of
how cute a couple
they made. Ryoko growled quietly, but then snatched Tenchi’s arm. “Why can’t
we be like
them, darling?” Tenchi gulped and stuttered “I dunno, maybe because...were
not dating?”
Ryoko was in a angry shock. Aeka laughed hysterically. Washu laughed
herself, and John kept
watching the television, while nibbeling in a almost squirrl-like manner on
a rice cake. The soap
finally ended, Sasami, Aeka, Mihoshi, and Wingdon helped clean up the
dishes. John,
transformed himself into a carrot with legs and ran around the house from
Ryo-ohki, while
Tenchi ran from Ryoko. Washu, of course, was back in the lab, trying to
figure out a new
formula. When finished with the dishes and clean up, Mihoshi and Wingdon
walked in the
garden. “So, you really used to belong to the Jurai guard? How’d you become
a sensai?”
“Well, I just decided, the rough life of fighting bad guys was not for me,
any longer. I trained
millions of teens, but John was my most beloved. He reminds me of my son,
who grew up and
moved away from me. I’m older then I look, you see. But I stay in the young
form for a long
long time, because of a special treatment the guard is put through, so they
don’t have to hire and
train more. They just keep the one’s they have had for years.”
“Ah, so what did you see in me? I mean...we barely know each other, but I
feel so close to
you.”
“Well, do you believe in love at first sight?”
“Of course...” She smiled, and layed her head on his shoulder, as they both
stared at the small
fish pound under the statue of the elephant God imported from India.

        In the house, John stared out the window at his sensai. He petted
Ryo-ohki’s furry
head, and Sasami had her head and arms propped up on John’s back, as they
all were laying on
the small cusion under the window sill. “Don’t they make a beautiful couple,
John?” Sasami
asked. Her dark pink eyes glowing in the starlight. “Oh yes, they
do....maybe if they get
married, Wingdon will stay on Earth, so I’ll be able to stay his student...”
He smiled. “It’d be
nice if he did’nt go off exploring the universe, while I’m left behind
because of my physical
condition.” Sasami looked at him. “What’s wrong with your body, John?”
“Oh, nothing, it’s just I can’t breathe the air from any other planet any
longer, even if I transform
my lungs. I used to be able to. But I also have a low-tolerance for air
travel. And if I left, I’d
miss you, and Tenchi, and Ryoko, and Aeka, and Washu.” Ryo-ohki meowed. “And
you too,
Ryo-ohki!” He patted the cabbit’s small head. Sasami smiled and hugged onto
John. “Your my
best friend already!” She said happily. John wraped a arm around the small
girl, and another
around the cabbit. “Your mine too, little Sasami! May we never fight!” With
that, the two left
the window to play a game of Chinese checkers, so the two love birds could
have time alone.

        The next morning John woke up and walked down the hall to find the
rest
room. He
could’nt find it, so he checked in every door. He found in one room, Ryoko.
She laid in her
bed, wraped around a pillow, with one thumb in her mouth. John stared in
awe. “She’s
beautiful....” he wispered. He crept in the room, shapeshifted into a vision
of Tenchi, and sat on
the bed, just staring at her face. He stayed there for a few hours, just
watching her, until she
woke up. Her eyes widened. “TENCHI?!?!” She clasped onto his body. “OH
TENCHI! I
KNEW YOU HAD FEELINGS FOR ME! YOU JUST DID’NT WANT TO SHOW IT!!!”
John smiled, then frowned at the thought that she thought he was something
he was’nt. She
laughed hysterically, until Tenchi walked in fully clothed in his gardening
outfit to see what the
loud voice was for. Tenchi was confused to see himself being hugged by
Ryoko. Ryoko looked
up. Her jaw dropped. She looked from Tenchi to John for a while, until she
stood up and shook
the one in the door. “WHO THE HECK ARE YOU?!?!” Tenchi looked shocked, then
grabed
onto Ryoko’s shoulders. “I’m Tenchi. Who do you think I am?” He said. Ryoko
looked back
at John on the bed, and pointed. “But HE’S Tenchi!” Tenchi shook his head,
and John looked
down, blushed, then transformed slowly back to his original form. “I’m
sorry, Ryoko, I’m just
John. I thought you’d hate me if I came in here as myself....” Ryoko stared
at him. “But why’d
you come in here, John?”
“So I could watch over you...” He wispered. Ryoko stared at him silently,
then looked up at the
real Tenchi. She looked down and clasped on arm with the other. “I-I...don’t
know what to
say....” She looked at the now ashamed John, who was afraid to look at her.
Ryoko clasped a
hand to her jaw. “I....I think I need to take a walk...” She walked out the
door and out to the
front lawn, and even further to the woods. Tenchi looked out the window, as
John wept silently.
He walked out slowly in a daze. Tenchi felt bad about the situation he had
walked into, so he
went after Ryoko to see if she would talk to John, and make him feel better.

        Later in Washu’s lab, she found a chemical that was left in the
life-support tube that
from John. “Gosh, this chemical is primitive....it shows that the ‘myth’
about the DarkSun and
the Dragoon family being related...is’nt a myth. John is part
Dragoon...which makes him...A
SUMMONS DEMON??!?!” Washu gasped and ran to find John.

Ryo-ohki and Susami were out in the feild with John. He sat under a tree,
drawing sketchs of
Ryoko asleep, Susami watched intently, as Ryo-ohki knawed on a large dark
orange carrot.
“Do you like her?” Asked Sasami. “Who?” This time, John looked up from the
art pad.
“Ryoko!”
“Uhm.....that’s not any thing little girls should worry about....”
“Aw, come on! I can see it in your eyes! You like her...you have a crush!”
“A.....’crush’?”
“Yeah, it’s when a boy or girl likes some one very much, and wants them to
be there boyfriend
or girlfriend.....I think it’s absolutely dreamy that you like her....maybe
you’ll be like that fairy
tale where---”
“No, we won’t. Because I don’t like her.”
“But you--”
“I don’t, okay, Sasami?”
“Oh....I thought you did.”
“Well, your wrong.” He laid the art pad down by a tree, and got up to go
inside, when he was
suddenly stoped by a out of breath Washu.
“You-you, won’t be-believe this, John, your decended....(huff)...from the
summon
demon’s...(weez)....clan...the DRAGOONS!” She cullapsed. “WHAT? Are you
serious,
Washu? I always knew my family history was hazy, but I did’nt think it was
that bad...”
“What’s a summon demon?” Sasami was now holding a meowing Ryo-ohki. Her eyes
were
wide with question. John turned around. “A summon demon is a creature, that
is a slave to an
immortal queen on the other side of the universe. She’s very powerful, and
the family of
Dragoons have spreaded all over the place. There are a few on Earth too.
They are controlled
against there will to do things they would’nt do if they had a will of there
own. She could
summon me to kill any one! Hopefully SHE has’nt found out what I am. As long
as she has’nt
found out, I think I’m safe...” He looked back at Washu, who was gaining her
breath, and now
was just squating down. “Yes....and since she has’nt found out yet, you
still have your will, but
there ARE one’s on Earth, and all of them can tell when they encounter
another Dragoon. Let’s
just pray you don’t encounter one. Or your going to be an immortal slave!”
She stood up and
looked down. “I wish I could take the chromosomes that make you a Dragoon
out of you---”
A look of enlightenment fell over her face. “What is it?” Asked John. “You
have an idea, don’t
you, Washu...” She nodded. She ran off to her lab as John, Ryo-ohki, and
Sasami looked on.

End of Part Two.

Part Three:

        Later that evening Ryoko walked slowly over to John while he was
alone
drawing
pictures of roses. He turned to her, and imiditally blushed. “Ya’ know,
John, you look cute
when you blush...very innocent.....it’s a good look for you.” She said, as
she sat beside him
slowly on the bench in the garden. “I’m sorry, if I hurt you, I just did’nt
know how to react to
finding a man, I hardly know, in my bedroom....sitting on my bed! As some
one I cherish and
have known for a......long long time.”
“I understand.” He began doing the finishing touches on the petals. “Ya’
know, John, that looks
pretty realistic! It looks more like the roses....then the real ones!” John
laughed at Ryoko’s
comment on his pictures. “I could never capture all the beauty I see when I
look at them....and
there beauty is a weak comparison of yours...”
“Is that how you really feel?”
“Yes....I have the deepest feelings for you.....I hav’nt felt this way
since....”
“Since---?”
“Since, Marcie.....my.....”
“Oh....” Not being good at comfort, unless it came to Tenchi, Ryoko
helplessly wraped a arm
around John’s shoulder as a sparkleing tear left his Light blue eyes. A tear
came from Ryoko’s
eye. She held John to her shoulder, as he cried into the side of her neck
and dress colar. She
rubbed his back and nuzzled the back of his neck. “Don’t worry, John.....I’m
here, I’ll help you
through it. Your only human.” As Ryoko held onto the weeping widoer, she
felt a small pelt of
light rain on her head. She looked up at the black clouds. “Awww, man. Well,
John, we better
get in.” John looked up at her, now the rain was running down his pink and
tired face. Ryoko
ran her hand over his long blond curly hair and smiled down at him, being
careful not to show
off her fangs too much. She thought to herself while looking at his face:
Such boyish charm, he
reminds me of a bit older and paler Tenchi. The two walked in the house
through the glass
doors, now soaking wet. They had walked in on a group game of Life. Ryoko
laughed and
nudged John over to the game board and group of people around it. Yosho from
around the
stair case looked about him. “Love is in the air. This is spring, and it
seems all these young men
and women are into the season.....” He chuckled softly, then walked into the
kitchen for some
tea. But still, on the game board, it seemed Washu, and Aeka were winning
the game. “Ah,
wise investments make a big difference..” Said Washu wisely. Tenchi shook
his head smiling
and Sasami spun the spinner. It landed on a LIFE card, that gave her enough
money to buy her
house insurance, which kept her safe from natural disasters. She subburnly
stuck out her tounge
at Washu and Aeka on the other side of the board. Washu crossed her arms.
John stepped
over the board, making sure he was careful not to mess it up, and sat in a
large overstuffed
velvet chair, he curled up like a thin cat, watching intently at the
combatnents moves. “Hey,
guys, where’s Mihoshi and Wingdon?” Shouted Ryoko. “Oh, they’re watching
T.V. on the
other side of the house.” Shouted Sasami emtusiacstically. Ryoko huffed with
a smile, then
popped in the living quarters. She hovered above the couch that they sat on.
“Hey you two love
birds....GET A ROOM!” With that, the two looked up and gave her a funny
look. “Okay,
okay, don’t bark or bite me, I get it.” She popped out again. She decided to
go to her
bedroom. She found a small stuffed cat on her bed pillow. “John....” She
wispered. She fell on
the bed and examined the cat. It was white and had big glossy cartoonie
eyes. Then she noticed
a small button on the heart shaped colar charm. She pressed it in suspense.
The small cute voice
rang out from a speaker in the back of it’s stuffed body: “Meow, I love you,
Meow!” And with
that Ryoko giggled girlishly, and hugged the cat toy to her breast. She
sighed, rolled over, and
fell asleep.

        Late that night, when Ryoko had woken up already, she heard a knock
on her
door.
She sat up on her bed, putting the cat toy on the head bed post/shelf. “Come
in!” She shouted.
In walked the tall and thin John. “John! What are you doing up so late?”
“Sorry to disturb you...but I can’t sleep, I just keep thinking of---” He
looked up, his eyes had
an unearthly glow to them. “Well, come sit down on my bed, we’ll rap.” He
did as he was told.
Ryoko smiled. “So, you wanna talk about.....her?”
“No, I don’t want to bother you--”
“It’s not bothering me. If it will make you feel better to talk about her,
then do it!”
“O-ohkay....” He sighed. “She was so beautiful.....and smart.."
"Oh" Said Ryoko. John started crying again. Ryoko held onto him as he cryed.