Hey Guys, this is my second fan fic so don't expect an epic masterpiece. I don't waste my 
time editing, so you'll have to deal with the mistakes. Please send all comments to 
RyokoForever@hotmail.com. I guess I won't bore you with anymore useless garble. Oh. One more 
thing. This is a story of love. Not a sick perverts fantasies. So, If you can't appreciate 
something like this, don't read it and send me a nasty E-Mail.


Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction
"Love Lasts Forever"

Part 1

	It was night at the Masaki home. Everyone was sleeping peacefully. Everyone of 
course, but Ryoko. She had been up all evening, thinking about one thing. Tenchi. Ever since 
she had laid eyes on him she had loved him deeply. She only wished that Tenchi had the same 
feelings for her as well. Up till now, Tenchi had resented Ryoko, not showing the slightest 
bit of compassion. This had lowered Ryoko's hopes, but not killed them. She had tried time 
and time again to show him her love, but he had payed her no attention. As she thought about 
it more and more, she began to doubt even trying anymore. She began to think that Tenchi 
thought she was the rudest, loudest, and ugliest person in the universe, but Ryoko had no 
idea that that was completely oppisite of how Tenchi really felt.

	Meanwhile, Tenchi had been awake doing some of his own thinking. "Should I show her 
how I really feel?" he thought. "I mean, I wouldn't want to hurt Ayeka's feelings. I know 
she has feelings for me, but I just don't find her very attractive." As he lay there, 
wondering about his true love for Ryoko, he also thought about the impact it would have on 
everyone else if he declared his real love. That's when an idea hit him. "Hey! What if I 
tell Ryoko, but keep it a secret from everyone else?" he wondered. "I'll think about it some 
more tomorrow, and maybe I'll be ready to tell her then."

	Tenchi woke early the next morning. He had been dreaming all night about Ryoko, and 
his mind was flowing with thoughts. He decided to see how Ryoko was doing. As he peeked into 
her room he saw that she was still sleeping, and the sight of her made him smile. He went 
down stairs and saw that Sasami was busy making breakfast. 
	"Hi Tenchi," she said. 
	"Hey Sasami!" he replied. 
	"Breakfast is almost ready, so maybe you should go wake Ryoko," said Sasami. He went 
upstairs and stopped at Ryoko's door.

	"Maybe I could surprise her?  No genius, what are you thinking? I'm not ready yet," 
he thought. He knocked on her door expecting it to fly open and have Ryoko jump onto him. 
Instead there was nothing. Not even a reply. He knocked again. Still nothing. He slowly slid 
open the door and saw Ryoko on her bed, still sleeping. Tenchi walked over and kneeled down, 
slightly leaning over her bed. 
	"Ryoko," he said in a normal tone. 
	She stirred slightly. Suddenly, he felt the urge to take her into his arms, but he 
couldn't. It would cause too much commotion. He did something else instead.
  	"Ry...o...ko...," he said in a low, slow, and soft voice.
	She awoke, surprised.
	"T-Tenchi!" she exlaimed.
	"Hello Ryoko," he said. "Breakfast is ready."
	"Uh...Ok," she said, still slightly confused from her awakening.
	
	As Ryoko ate, she tried to make sense of the strange encounter with Tenchi earlier 
this morning. "Why did he do that?" she wondered. "I sure hope that meant something."
	"Mmm. Very good Sasami," said Tenchi with his mouth stuffed full of food.
	"Thank you Tenchi," replied Sasami.
	"Yeah.  Really good," added Noboyuki.
	As breakfast went on, Ryoko and Tenchi sat thinking about each other. And everytime 
Ryoko encountered Tenchi during the day, he resisted the same urge he had had this morning. 
He went through the day ignoring Ryoko all up to the evening when everyone went to bed.

	Tenchi sat on his bed thinking. "Am I ready for this? I don't know. But I think I've 
waited long enough," he thought. He walked down the hall to Ryoko's door, and put his ear up 
to it to see if there was anything going on inside. It was completely silent. He slowly slid 
open the door just a small amount to allow him to look inside. Ryoko was laying on her bed, 
asleep. He slowly slid the door open the rest of the way and walked inside. After closing 
the door he sat down next to Ryoko and looked in awe at her beauty. He stayed in that 
position for what seemed like an eternity, until he decided it was time to tell her. He 
layed down next to her, being careful not to wake her, and rolled on his side, facing her.
	"Ry...o...ko...," Tenchi said in the same loving voice he had used this morning.
	She awakened.
	"T-Tenchi? Is that you? Oh Tenchi!" she said, feeling a mix of emotions go through 
her. "Why are you here?" she asked, her voice quivering.
	"I've come to tell you something," he said, in a normal voice.
	"Oh Tenchi! Why do you resent me so much?" she asked, with tears in her eyes.
	"That's what I've come to tell you Ryoko," he replied with a loving tone in his 
voice.
	"Wha-what?" she asked, sitting up.
	Tenchi also sat up.
	"I have come here to tell you that...that...," said Tenchi, his voice shaking now.
	"Yes?" asked Ryoko anxious to hear what Tenchi had to say.
	"That I love you," he replied. "I've loved you ever since I first saw you at school. 
I've loved you forever. The only reason I've been so cruel to you was to keep Ayeka from 
thinking that I loved either one of you. But I do. I love you, Ryoko."
	
	Ryoko couldn't speak. She was so taken by her emotions that she didn't know what to 
say.  She just stared into Tenchi's big brown eyes, and for that moment, it seemed that time 
had stopped. After what seemed like forever, Tenchi and Ryoko stood up, and Tenchi hugged 
Ryoko, who was crying from pure joy. They stayed in this loving embrace for a long time, 
until Tenchi started to speak.
	"You need to promise me that you will keep this a secret. Don't tell anyone. Not 
even Sasami."
	"I understand," Ryoko replied.
	

	