Disclaimer: Okay this is a lemon so if you are 18 please turn
  back.  No I don't own Tenchi or Sailor Moon, I'm just borrowing
  them for my story.  Makeni Hakubi is mine however, so don't
  use him without my permission.  To sum up, just don't sue me, I
  have no money.  Enjoy.

* * - thinking

Chapter 1: The Arrival

    "Okay Serena.  I need to tell you something before we get to Tenchi's
house.  Darien looked at Serena's face.
  *She's so beautiful.*
    His eyes studied her.  The sun cast across her hair, making it shimmer
like spun gold.  Her eyes looked like crystal clear skies in June.  Serena
noticed  him studying her, but she wanted to know what he had to say.
    "You see, Tenchi's house is full of ... girls." he let it out slowly and
waited for her answer.
    "That will be cool.  So I won't be the only girl there, and now I'll
someone to hang with.  Don't worry Darien, I trust you." she smiled at him,
allowing him to sigh in relief.
    He didn't know what she would say, but he was glad at the answer she
gave him.
  *I really don't deserve her.  She is so good to me.*
                                     ~*~
    "RYOKO!  Leave Tenchi alone, you filthy demon!" Ayeka had hold of
Tenchi's left arm and was trying to push Ryoko away from him.
    "Back off princess!  Don't make me have to hurt you!" Ryoko and Ayeka
engaged in their combative stances, energy sword and logs going.

                                 HONK! HONK!

    Everyone, but the two feuding ones, ran outside.
    "Get down Safiiru!" Tenchi tackled him just before an energy blast flew
over their bodies.  The energy blast hit the lake, and a tidal wave emerged
to soak them all.
    Ryoko and Ayeka peered out the hole in the wall at Tenchi.  He was mad,
more so then ever before.
    "Would you two stop fighting for atleast the time my cousins are here?
If you can't, then go somewhere else!" Tenchi was seething.
    "Sorry Tenchi, we'll be good." they both recited together and parted
their ways, but not without one last nasty look.
    "They are hopeless." Tenchi was shaking his head.
    "Who is hopeless Tenchi?"
                                     ~*~
    Darien and Serena had pulled up to the house to find Tenchi and a few
others standing around, completely soaked.  Tenchi was shaking his head in
dismay.
  *Oh boy.  What happened now?*
    Darien laughed and got out of the car.  He noticed Safiiru, but none of
the others.  The couple went to greet the others.
                                     ~*~
    "Hi Darien.  None other than Ryoko and Ayeka.  Who else?" Tenchi noted
sarcastically and turned to look at the girl standing next to Darien.  "You
must be Serena.  Darien has told me so much about you that I think I know
you better then he does.  It's great to finally meet you.  You don't have
any special powers do you?"
    "No." Serena was greatly confused.
    Seeing the look on her face, Tenchi and Darien laughed.
    "It's a long story.  Now lets go inside."
    Everyone but Tenchi started to leave.  He stayed to survey the damage.
*It's going to a long two weeks.*
    Hanging his head, Tenchi headed towards the house.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Okay anyone who's everyone, please send me comment.  I don't care if they
are flames are good, send them.  My email is incognitom666@hotmail.com.
Thanx for now.  Hope you liked the first chapter.  By the way how old do you
all think I am?