Diclaimer:  Same dis. applies. Yada, yada, yada.

AN: Sex is not a big issue yet, but there are some fun hints at sex in this
chapter.  Hope you think the pillow thing is as funny as I thought it was
writing it.

* * - thinking

Chapter 4: Strangers and Pillow Jealousy

Part1-
    Serena was brushing her long, blonde hair.  She was getting ready for
bed and was dressed in a tank top adorned with a moon, and matching pants.
Darien walked up behind her and wrapped his arms around her tiny waist.  He
smelt her hair, loving its flowery smell.
    She turned her head so that her crystal blue eyes looked itno his storym
depths.  Wrapping her arm around his neck, Serena brought him down for a
soft, tender kiss.  He leaned down and picked her up, so he could carry her
to the bed.  Lying her down, he layed beside her they started to kiss
passionately.

                                    THUMP

    "What was that?" breaking the kiss, Serena walked to the window and
looked out.  Suddenly a face appeared, hanging upside down, in the window.
    "Ahhh! Oh my god!" Serena fell back clutching her chest.
    "What happened Serena?" Darien walked over to where she was lying and
saw the face.  Serena finally realized who it was, got up and opened the
window for the surprise intruder.
    "Heya sis.."
    "What are you trying to do?  Scare me to death?!" Serena was still
holding her chest from surprise.  Her heart was racing.
    "No, actually.  I would have done much worse.  I heard a thumping
noise.  It came from over here, so I came to investigate."
    "You heard it too?  good, atleast it wasn't just me."
    "Hey do you want to come sit on the roof with me and talk or something?"
    "Sure, okay." she kissed Darien and climbed out the window to the roof
with Ryoko's help.
    "Well there went my plans for tonight.  Damn" Darien shrugged and
crawled into bed, hopeful to atleast have a sexual dream.
                                     ~*~
    "This is so weird.  The whole situation, I mean.  My whole life growing
up, I never knew my parents.  I was on orphan, that's one thing Darien and I
have in common, only I have been alone my whole life.  Then I come here and
find out that I had a sister and mother all along.  I cried every night for
my mother when she was right here.  I guess I should be mad at her, but I'm
not.  Isn't that strange?"
    "Well this whole mommy thing is a new kick for me too.  I just found out
about 3 months ago.  That's when I met Washu.  I have been alone for 2,000
years now.  You know what.  You're probably about 5,000 years old, and now
I'm really beginning to wonder what happened to you.  I mean if you were not
killed, what happened and why don't you remember?"
    "I don't really know."
                                     ~*~
    Unbeknowst to them a stranger lurked about in the shadows.  The stranger
watched Serena intently as he had done for the past years.  Watched her love
for Darien grow, her life after the amnesia, and even now while she was
talking heatedly to her new-found sister.
    *She's so beautiful.  Why can't she be mine to hold and love.  Mine to
never let go of.  Mine to caress her rosy cheeks, to stroke her soft, golden
hair.  Mine to love for all eternity.  But no!  She loves that whisp of a
man, the one who doesn't deserve her love!  That's okay though, because in
time, that will all change.  Time that will be here very soon.  Till then my
love.*
    The stranger sunk back into the shadows.  Sunk back to prepare for the
time he longed for.  The time where he would reclaim his queen.

Part 2-
    "So there you two are.  I was beginning to wonder."  Tenchi climbed onto
the roof in search of Ryoko, but found her and Serena.
    *I hope she doesn't stay long.  I need to talk to Ryoko.*
    "Hello Tenchi.  We were just talking about this whole thing, and we have
both concluded that Washu is an insane freak."  Ryoko laughed, but her
laughter was cut short when she morphed into a water sprite.
    "Forgive her Washu.  Sh-" Serena turned into a water sprite.
    "They didn't call me mom." Tenchi turned to face the little scientist.
    "Miss...er...little Washu.  Please don't do that.  I nee to talk to
Ryoko." Tenchi pleaded with the mad-scientist.  Quickly thinking it over,
she released them, winked, and went back to her lab.
    "I hate when she does that!  Stupid, INSANE, ya I hope you heard ME,
freak!  I can't believe we are realated." Ryoko punched the roof with her
fist.
    "Why does she keep doing that?"
    "She has this thing for her daughters to call her mom.  Not that she's
been here for us or anything.  I don't really ever call her mom unless I
want something." she smiled playfully at Serena.  Tenchi took his cue.
    *I hope this works, because it's true.*
    "Hey Serena.  I walked by your room and heard Darien saying something.
When I opened the door, he was hugging your pillow and calling it Serena.
You better go see him before the pillow takes your place." he chuckled at
the image of Darien and the pillow.  Serena blushed profusely.
    "Uh, I better go back and regain my position.  Besides a girl needs her
beauty sleep and all, so by." she quickly ran over to the balcony that lead
to her room and jumped down.
    After she had disappeared out of site, Tenchi turned around and smiled
at Ryoko.  They both laughed at the thought of Serena having to compete with
a pillow for Darien's love.  Tenchi walked over and sat next to Ryoko, his
expression serious all of a sudden.
    "Ryoko, have you been sensing a bad feeling or presence?  One that you
can't see?"
    "Actually, I have.  Though it only comes when I'm around Serena.  I
don't think it is her, but more like someone is watching her.  Other than
the ever present Darien."  crinkling her nose, she looked at Tenchi, "What's
with them anyway?  They look as if they would go insane if they were apart
more than two days at a time." Tenchi laughed at the picture of an insane
Darien.
    "They are engaged.  Though I think they could handle being away for a
longer time...I think."
    "I guess.  So what did you want to talk to me about?"
    "Oh, I uh ... I ... I forgot.  Oh well, guess it wasn't important."
Tenchi flashed a smile at Ryoko, who secretly swooned.(AN: Anyone who has
heard that before raise your hand. Melissa raises her hand)
    They went on talking for long into the night, laughing and stealing
secret glances at each other.
                                     ~*~
    *Damn that devil woman!  How dare she flirt with my Tenchi, and how dare
he respond.*
    Ayeka had been watching the whole scene in her mirror that she had
aquired, or rather stole, from Washu.  Now she looked upon the two, her face
twisted in anger.  Rage seeped into her blood, down to her very core.
    Turning, she entered a sub space room, that even Washu didn't know
about.  There, Ayeka hid her secret instruments of the black arts..  She had
taken up the black arts shortly after they had defeated Kagato.  Though she
had told no one, she had collected the remains, which were ashes, of Kagato
into a jar for a purpose such as this.
    Now she poured the ashes into her hand and blew them over an array of
candles.(AN: Like in the Mummy.  AWESOME MOVIE!)
    "Kagato come forth!  I summon you!"
    Kagato emerged, fully reformed, from the black candles.  He looked upon
his summoner with interest; never did he think that Ayeka Jurai would be the
one to summon him, though it did make since.  He figured that she probably
wanted Tenchi with no distractions from Ryoko.  This was were he came in.
    "Ah, my dear princess.  I am quite surprised to find you have skills in
the black arts.  What is it that you want?" he smile knowingly.
    "I have called upon you to offer a proposition.  Or rather to give you
what you have always wanted."
    "How would you know what I have always wanted?'
    "I saw it in your eyes, the day you came back for Ryoko."
    "Okay, if you think you know, tell me what your offer is."
    "I am giving you a chance to take Ryoko and have immortality joined with
her.  Giving you a planet of your own to do with Ryoko as you please.
The planet would change at you will allowing the ultimate torture upon her
and your pure enjoyment.  Will you accept?"
    "I like that idea and your deal seems fair enough, but what's in it for
you?" Kagato's eyes bore into Ayeka as she firmly gave her answer, not
intimidated one bit.
    "I would want nothing more than to have what I have always wanted.
Tenchi Masaki."
    Accepting her answer as reasonable, he nodded his head in approval and
set off to prepare for the capture of his ultimate obsession.
    Ayeka laughed evily with glee as she re-entered the room she shared with
her sister, Sasami.  Picking up the mirror once more, she watched Ryoko and
Tenchi laugh again at a secret they only knew.  This time Ayeka didnt's
watch in rage, rather in amusement.  She giggled once more and set the
mirror down.
    Climbing into bed, she had one last thought before she drifted off.
    *Enjoy your laughter while it lasts Ryoko, because very soon, you'll be
living a life of hell and for all eternity. ha ha ha!*

                                          -Melissa "Mokushiroku666" Ferguson


