Disclaimer: Okay standard disclaimer applies.  Turn back if not 18, Tenchi
and Sailor Moon not mine, yada yada yada.  Have fun reading.

Chapter 2: Questions

    "Oh hey handsome.  Come take a bath with me." Ryoko flew into the room
and draped her arm around Safiiru.  He looked pleadingly at Tenchi.
    "Ryoko, leave him alone, please.  He just got here.  Give him a break,
atleast for today." Ryoko looked at Tenchi, then sat in a huff, crosslegged
in the air.
    "You sure are stubborn Tenchi."
    "Wow cool!  You can fly?!" Serena walked over to Ryoko and waved her
hands under Ryoko, as if to see that she wasn't sitting on some clear
object.
    "Who are you, and why are you here?" Ryoko turned her head to look at
the girl who just made herself known.  She lowered her hands to rest on her
knees, revealing the gem.  This was a mistake and Ryoko knew it as soon as
she caught the curious, yet excited glimmer in the new girl's eyes.  Serena
grabbed Ryoko's wrist to look at the gem.
    "Are those embedded in your skin?  Did that hurt?  What is it for?"
    "What the hell?!  Who are you?  Did you just escape from the funny
farm?  Tenchi help!  She is crazy!" Ryoko wrenched her arm from Serena's
grasp and flew to Tenchi.  She peered over his shoulder at the girl, who had
a blank look on her face.  Ryoko started to come out of her hiding spot and
quickly went back as she saw Serena's face twist in anger.
    "That was rude!  I was only asking a question!" Serena grabbed Ryoko out
from behind Tenchi and swung her about five feet in the opposite direction.
The force was so great that Ryoko slammed into the wall.
                                     ~*~
    "Oh no! Not another one." Tenchi grabbed Darien and ran behind the couch
for safety.  Darien allowed himself to be relocated, half in fear and half
in wonder at Serena's outburst.  He had never seen her this angry before.
Even before they were going out, she never reacted this way to his
torments.
  *She's finally snapped!*
    Darien peeked over the couch to watch the upcoming fight.
                                     ~*~
    "Well maybe if you weren't grabbing me and asking bizarro questions, I
wouldn't have asked that!  I don't know about you, but I don't especially
fancy women grabbing any part of me, if you catch my drift!" Ryoko was doing
everything she could to keep from blowing the girl's head off. Electricity
surged about her; she was really pissed.
    "Well, if you were smarter than an ox, you would have answered my
questions.  It's not that hard, I only asked three.  Oh, but you wouldn't
know that considering that you can't count!" Serena stepped ever so
cautiously toward Ryoko.
    "Excuse me!  I'll have you know that I am the legendary space pirate,
Ryoko, and I have ten times more knowledge than anyone on this backwater
planet will ever have." she rushed at Serena, preparing to punch her.
    "Thanks, that was all I wanted to know." reaching up, she caught Ryoko's
fist with no effort and finished her statement, "I'm Serena by the way."
    Ryoko was caught was off-guard.  This girl had somehow managed to stop
her attack and trick her into telling her who she was.
    Narrowing her eyes, Ryoko began to speak.
    "How the hell did you do that?"
                                     ~*~
    Tenchi and Darien raised from their hiding place just to find Serena
holding Ryoko's fist.
    "Oh my god!  She stopped Ryoko's attack!  No one has been able to do
that, not even Ayeka, not even ME!" Tenchi looked at Serena in amasement.
He noticed a strange pink light being emitted from Serena.  No one else
seemed to notice it though, because they were all dazed at this girl's
actions, even Ryoko was taken aback.
                                     ~*~
    "What do you mean?  What did I do?  I have been standing here the whole
time."  Serena seemed to have just awaken from a trance.
    "You stopped my attack with ease.  No body has ever done that
before." Ryoko looked at her in amasement.
    Realizing that she was holding Ryoko's fist, she let go.  Wondering how
and why she had  ahold of Ryoko's fist, she was startled when a petite,
red-haired girl came running out of a door under the stairs.
    "Who was that?!" the scientist looked at everyone and followed the
fingers to the blond girl standing in the middle of the room.  Realizing
that everyone was looking at her, Serena came upon a question.
    "Wait a minute, what did I do?"
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Keep sending the mail.  I love mail, bad or not. SEND IT! I can not stress
this enough.  Thanx for coming back to my story. :-)

Here is the first part of my first fanfic.  Hope you add it.  Thanx.


-Melissa Ferguson

(Mokushiroku666)
