Akito Aganan Tenkawa

About the author.
Hi everyone, hope you enjoy my series of lemon Tenchi Muyo stories. Some 
background information on me, well currently I'm based in England. When I say 
based I really mean stuck in this hellhole. I'm 16 and currently working on my GSCE 
grades. I'm very fond of Anime and respect the Hentai nature of Anime. I only really 
started watching Tenchi Muyo on Cartoon Network's Toonamie, but got confused 
when it changed from Tenchi Muyo to Tenchi Universe. So I logged on and surfed 
round to this website where I found out about the different spin offs. Still confused I 
turned my mind to this part of the web site to find other fans stories based on Tenchi 
Muyo. I was very impressed with the lemon section (aren't we all?). So I decided to 
spawn my own series of stories of lemon Tenchi Muyo. Enjoy and I wouldn't mind 
some feedback either, so please email me at akira@neons.fsnet.co.uk Enjoy ?.

Loving Sisters Ayeka and Sasami.
Once again Tenchi is caught in the middle of an argument with Ayeka and Ryoko.
"Leave lord Tenchi alone Ryoko, he said he wanted to walk with me!" Our purple 
haired princess snares over to Ryoko.
"Why Tenchi is that true?" Ryoko teleports behind Tenchi and rests her head on his 
shoulder. "If you walked with me Tenchi we could," Ryoko's sentence mumbles into 
a whisper that Tenchi can only hear.
"Huh!!!" Tenchi leaps away from Ryoko. Ayeka shows her fangs and growls at 
Ryoko. 
"Now hold on just a second Ryoko all I wanted was an evening walk that's all."
"Yeah Ryoko so leave lord Tenchi and I alone." Ayeka pulls a magazine from the 
sofa and swings it at Ryoko's head. Ryoko quickly teleports over to Tenchi's side 
again.
"Whaaaa!" Ayeka falls over from her swing. Ow ow ow, look what you've done now 
my dress is ripped." Tenchi runs over to help Ayeka, but is anchored back by Ryoko.
"Come on Tenchi just a couple of quick laps round the block." Ryoko rubs her hands 
over Tenchi's chest. 
"Ryoko! Ayeka's hurt let me go." Tenchi struggles to get free of Ryoko.
"That's ok lord Tenchi." Ayeka gets up. "I'm fine lord Tenchi, but you Ryoko will be 
far from fine after I'm finished with you." Tenchi and Ryoko both stare at Ayeka. 
"Huh?" Ayeka is confused at the sudden silence. Tenchi becomes all red and shows a 
sweat drop.
"What are you looking at?" Ayeka yells out for some answers.
"Well I knew you where desperate to get Tenchi, but not as desperate as showing of 
your panties princess Ayeka." Ryoko's words hint with laughter. Ayeka shows a 
sweat drop as she slowly looks down to check herself. For once Ryoko is telling the 
truth and there Ayeka stands in her pink ribbon bra and matching thong. 
"This is all your fault Ryoko!" Ayeka screams at Ryoko.
"Hey don't blame it on me. It's not my fault you buy cheap clothes, but I like your 
choice of panties. Very tempting."  Ryoko grins at Ayeka. Tenchi is speechless and 
red in the face about the odd situation. Ayeka face brightens and she's becomes 
enraged with anger.
"I'll get you Ryoko!!!" Ayeka picks up the rolled up magazine and runs at Ryoko. But 
Ryoko teleports again with Tenchi and appears at the top of the stairs.
"Oh princess, up here." Ryoko calls from the stairs balcony with a grin on her face. 
"You. you no good space pirate!" Ayeka growls and chases up the stairs. But Ryoko 
does a few more teleports and teleports through the wall into Tenchi's room. Ayeka 
tries to open the bedroom door, but the door is locked from the inside.
"Ryoko open this door now!" Ayeka bangs on the door with her magazine.
"One second Ayeka, Tenchi and I are trying to get comfortable." Ryoko giggles from 
the other side of the door. Ayeka bangs harder with her magazine and starts to ram the 
door with the side of her body.
"If you've done anything such as laid a finger on lord Tenchi, I'll. I'll." The door 
opens inwards and Ayeka falls through unexpectedly. 
SPLASH! Ayeka gets teleported and lands in the lake. 
"Ah, it's freezing!" Ayeka quickly swims to the edge and jumps out of the lake. 
"That no good Ryoko using my own trap against me." Ayeka looks at her reflection in 
the lake.
"Eek, I'm naked." But on closer inspection Ayeka sees her underwear has just gone 
transparent. "I can't go back to the house like this." Ayeka hangs her head in defeat 
and heads to the spring baths to dry off.
	Ayeka walks into the changing rooms and stares at her defeated reflection in 
the mirror. 
"What is it that Tenchi sees in Ryoko but not in me?" Ayeka undoes her bra and lets it 
drop to the floor. "It can't be these. can it?" Ayeka looks at her breasts, squeezing 
them together, trying to display them more attractively than they already are. She 
brushes her thumb over her nipple, which quickly erects. "Perhaps it's because were 
part of the same family? Oh lord Tenchi, if only you gave me a chance I would.I'd" 
Ayeka bends down and slides off her thong, steps back and looks at her special area 
and its purple pubes. "Oh lord Tenchi, I would. If only you gave me the chance to I 
would, yes Tenchi I would." Ayeka brings her hand round and massages her vagina. 
"Oh Tenchi." Ayeka looks down as she rubs her nipple with her other hand. 
"Tenchi.Tenchi." Ayeka walks back further but slips on a carrot. "Ow my foot. 
What happened?" The carrot slowly comes out of its spin and lays on the floor. "A 
carrot, why would a carrot be in here? That no good Ryo-Ohki. This is just not my 
day." Ayeka picks herself up and kicks the carrot as she storms out of the changing 
room.
"Shhh, quiet Ryo-Ohki." Sasami whispers into Ryo-Ohki's ear. "You almost got us 
caught." Our cyan haired Sasami was hiding in one of the cubicles in the changing 
room having a bit of fun herself. "Oh no! My carrot!" Sasami holds her crushed carrot 
in her hands and bursts into tears. "I was just at my climax as well. Well I think I was 
anyway. Ryo-Ohki, do you have any more carrots?" Ryo-Ohki purrs at Sasami. "You 
do! Ryo-Ohki, I promise I'll let you have all the carrots you can eat tomorrow, if you 
let me have your last carrot." 
"Meow Meow!" Ryo-Ohki hops up and down with joy.
"Ok Ryo-Ohki, let me have that carrot." Sasami picks up Ryo-Ohki so she can't run 
away. Ryo-Ohki transforms into a large blue gem and pushes out a large carrot from 
inside.
"Oh wow! Thank you Ryo-Ohki, you're the best." Ryo-Ohki glows bright blue as 
Sasami holds up the carrot. "Wow, this one is really long." Sasami turns all red in the 
face. "Oh I can't wait."
	Ayeka swims across to the deep end of the pool with her rosy butt cheeks 
breaking waves on top of the water. 
"I wonder what those two are up to." Ayeka gets a rude thought in her mind but 
quickly washes it out. "No. lord Tenchi wouldn't do such a thing." Ayeka goes all 
red. "Well not with Ryoko, but definitely with me." Ayeka giggles at the thought and 
hugs her chest and leans her head on her shoulder as she presses up against the wall. 
"Oh lord Tenchi, I know you have feelings for me, but why are you shy about 
expressing them." Ayeka becomes aroused at the thought of her and Tenchi together. 
She rubs her boobs together and presses them up against each other letting them 
spring apart. A picture Tenchi starts to cloud up in her mind making herself pinch her 
nipple and rub her fingers around them. Ayeka widens up her legs and rubs her nails 
around her inner thigh sending chills up her spine. 
"Wow, look at that, Ayeka is really horny. Don't you think so Ryo-Ohki?" Sasami 
watches Ayeka from behind a large rock. "Ryo-Ohki? Where did she go?" Sasami 
looks round but can't see Ryo-Ohki anywhere. 
"Oh Tenchi!!!" Ayeka moans out Tenchi's name. Sasami turns her attention back to 
Ayeka. 
"Wow, it looks like she's just about to climax as well." Sasami gets a rather devious 
idea in her mind and looks down at her carrot. "I wonder how Ayeka would react 
though?" Sasami leans back on the rock, picks up her carrot and widens up her legs. 
Carefully, Sasami manoeuvres the carrot up against her vagina and pushes it against 
her entry. "Oh I feel so wet since I was in the changing rooms." Sasami gets that idea 
of hers again. "I'll go for it!" Sasami leaps up from her rock hide out. "But first I'll 
turn on the bubbles." Sasami quickly gets up and runs over to the pool controls. "This 
should be more than enough to sneak up to Ayeka. Sasami dives into the pool and 
swims towards Ayeka under the cover of the bubbles.
"Tenchi, don't be so shy, please Tenchi." Ayeka, widens her legs apart and licks her 
two fingers out of her mouth and rubs them down her neck, between her chest, over 
her belly button and into her.
"Hi Ayeka!" Sasami splashes up from underneath the bubbles.
"Tenchi?" Ayeka still has Tenchi on her mind. 
"Where? Is Tenchi here too?" Sasami looks round but sees no one.
"Oh Sasami, how nice to see you." Yeah right, Tenchi was just about to, I mean I was 
just about to finger myself. Ayeka gets a sweat drop on her forehead and quickly hides 
her naked body underneath the bubbles. 
"I've missed you Ayeka." Sasami hugs round Ayeka and presses her chest against 
Ayeka's.
"Um Sasami, I don't think no is a good time to." Ayeka goes red as Sasami closes 
her eyes and rests her cheek on top of Ayeka's nipple. "Sasami I really think now is 
not the best time to.to"
"To what Ayeka?" Sasami opens her eyes and sees Ayeka's other nipple. "Ayeka, 
your naked!" Ayeka goes bright red in her face.
"Now listen here Sasami, you better not tell lord Tenchi or Ryoko or I'll." Sasami 
stands up in front of Ayeka.
"That's ok Ayeka, I'm naked too, see." Sasami giggles with excitement.
"Your naked also. Sasami?" Ayeka is caught off guard. There in front of her stands 
her innocent little sister Sasami, only she's naked. Her small chest with just her 
nipples erected and a delicate soft small vagina. She still looks innocent when naked 
though. Sasami falls back onto Ayeka.
"Oh Ayeka, doesn't it feel great." Sasami rubs her cheek other Ayeka's nipple. Ayeka 
goes red again.
"What do you mean? You mean being naked?" Ayeka looks down at her sister.
"No, my skin against your skin." Sasami clings onto Ayeka. "It's so soft, it's just 
proves we are sisters. I heard you talking in the changing room by the way."
"You did?" Ayeka gets another surprise.
"Yes, and I agree with you sister. Your nipples can't be the problem to why Tenchi 
won't show his feelings to you. Because if it was, I wouldn't be doing this." Sasami 
licks one of Ayeka's nipples with her small tongue and awaits for Ayeka's reaction. 
Ayeka rubs her hands over Sasami. Sasami starts to lick at Ayeka's nipple more and 
grabs hold of it with her hand.
"Oh Sasami." Ayeka rubs her hands down Sasami's back and massages her butt 
cheeks. Sasami grabs hold of both of Ayeka's boobs and nibbles on her nipples 
making them erect and wet. Ayeka moans with pleasure and throws her head back as 
milk starts to leak out of her nipples.
"Oh Ayeka, your milk tastes so much sweeter than the house milk in the fridge." 
Sasami uses her small tongue to lick it all up. Slurp. Slurp.
"Sasami." Ayeka moans out. The soft sound of bubbles bursting is almost in line 
with Sasami's slurping. Sasami gets a mouth full of Ayeka's milk and moves up to 
Ayeka's lips. Ayeka kisses her sisters lips softly with the sweet tastes of her milk. 
Ayeka licks Sasami's lips as she rubs her fingers over Sasami's vagina.
"Ayeka." Sasami moans out in her squeaky young voice. Sasami moves down to 
Ayeka's thighs and pushes them apart from each other. Ayeka looks down at her little 
sis, and goes red waiting for her to.
"Oh Sasami!!!" Ayeka moans out in her posh voice panting for air. Sasami pushes the 
carrot further into Ayeka. "Sasami.oh Sasami!" Ayeka is lost in her words. Sasami 
opens up her legs also and pushes the carrot sticking out of Ayeka into her own 
vagina.
"Oh wow!" Sasami giggles. "That tickles." Sasamai closes her eyes and lets the carrot 
go even deeper until both sisters are touching each over. Sasami stares up at Ayeka 
who stares back biting her lip enjoying it all so far. Sasami starts it off and lifts 
Ayeka's part of the carrot out a bit. Ayeka does the same and they both take turns in 
pleasuring each other tugging on the carrot. Ayeka's boobs bobble up and down and 
Sasami little cute butt perks up tightly as the sisters both please each other. Ayeka 
gets carried away and takes over completely thrusting her body up and down against 
Sasami's. Sasami anchors on to Ayeka's boobs and just holds on tightly. 
"Oh Sasami, I'm getting close." Ayeka bridges her body from the pool with Sasami 
on top.
"Tenchi, oh Tenchi!!!" Ayeka comes out the thick gooey liquid as it slides down 
Ayeka's legs and down to her chest. Squirt. Splat. Dribble.
"But Ayeka what about me?" Sasami puts on her best puppy face and looks sadly into 
Ayeka's eyes. 
"Sasami, I didn't forget about you. After all you are my little sister." Ayeka smiles 
and so does Sasami. Ayeka pulls out of Sasami and the carrot. 
"So this is what it was? It felt very real." Sasami stands innocently in the pool. Ayeka 
looks over and holds Sasami against the wall. Ayeka starts to suck on Sasami's little 
nipples and pushes the carrot in and out of Sasami's vagina.
"Ayeka, that tickles." Sasami giggles. "No, stop Ayeka, something is wrong!" Sasami 
looks down at her big sister slurping on her nipples.
"Don't worry Sasami it's natural just wait ok." Ayeka continues to nibble over 
Sasami's flat chest.
"Ayeka, my vagina is getting all wet!!! Ayeka are you listening? Please stop I'm 
feeling all weird." Sasami bites her lip and holds onto the edge of the wall. Oh 
something's happening. Sasami moans out loud as she comes. Her gooey warm liquid 
slowly drips out and down her thigh. Ayeka comes up to Sasami's lips and gently 
kisses her little sis.
"Really I better check then to see just how wet." Ayeka licks down Sasami's body and 
pulls out the gooey covered carrot. "Wow Sasami, I better clean you up." Sasami 
watches Ayeka as she licks her tongue round Sasami's hairless vagina. "Mmm tasty." 
Ayeka licks deeper into Sasami's vagina and licks up the gooey treat.
"Ah, oh Ayeka, that tickles." Sasami moans panting for a bit of breath after her first 
climaxing orgasm. Ayeka licks her lips dry.
"Now what are we going to do with this Carrot?" Ayeka rubs the carrot against 
Sasami's lips. "Just try a little Sasami, you may like it." Ayeka smiles over to Sasami.
"Um, Ok." Sasami licks a little of the gooey liquid. "Wow, it tastes funny." Sasami 
licks some more and Ayeka joins in. Sasami slurps the last bit of gooeyness up. 
"Yummy. Wow that was fun Ayeka. Can we do it again sometime pretty please?"
Sasami smiles at her big sis. Ayeka grins back.
"We'll play again later ok Sasami." 
"Yea!"

¸ 2001 By Akito Aganan Tenkawa

Send me your opinions to akira@neons.fsnet.co.uk
