Author: Akito Aganan Tenkawa.
Hi everybody, I'm glad that you sent me your comments on Episode One 'Loving 
Sisters' and hope you all got my replies. I've also decided to call my series of lemon 
Tenchi stories 'Tenchi Tenkawa', named after my surname. It rings a nice bell don't 
you think? Also my email has changed to aatenkawa@ntlworld.com Well I hope this 
next story rings your bells, in 
Tenchi Tenkawa Episode Two: Loving Tenchi.
As Ayeka heads to the spring baths to think about her relationship with Tenchi 
(Episode One: Loving Sisters.) We return back to Tenchi's room where Ryoko and 
Tenchi are all alone. With Ryoko's hormones at their sexual limits, just how long will 
Tenchi be able to resist Ryoko?

Loving Tenchi.
The Galaxy Police are the most advanced law justice force in the Milky Way 
galaxy. With an endless count of arrests and solved cases in their background history. 
It's no wonder the GP Officers are feared by all criminal minds alike.
"Kiyone! Come on Kiyone I want to fly the ship now." Our blond tanned Mihoshi 
whimpers for the forth-hundredth time to her partner Kiyone.
"Will you shut up all ready!" Kiyone screams out to Mihoshi. Mihoshi starts to sulk.
"But, you promised Kiyone." Mihoshi sniffs in through her nose as she bursts into 
tears. "You promised." Kiyone goes all red in the face. 
"Alright then, but only if you shut up!" Kiyone switches the ship to autopilot. Mihoshi 
tears disappear as she jumps into the pilot seat with Kiyone still sitting in the chair.
"Get off me you dumb imp!" Kiyone goes red in the face as Mihoshi's hair falls down 
into her chest. "Mihoshi this is the last time I'm warning you, get off…" Mihoshi 
leans back into Kiyone's boobs and rests her back upon them. 
"Wow Kiyone, look at me I'm actually flying." Mihoshi sounds like she just learnt 
how to ride a bike, although she never did learn how to ride a bike in the first place. 
Kiyone just lays back thinking to herself.
"Is Mihoshi sitting on me on purpose?" Mihoshi takes hold of the joystick and 
wiggles it round like a stiff carrot stuck in the ground. The autopilot still activated 
fights against Mihoshi for control of the ship, but soon malfunctions and accidentally 
triggers the ships jump drive.
"Mihoshi you idiot. Press the emergency shutdown button!" Kiyone shouts right into 
Mihoshi's ear.
"Ouch! Hey Kiyone, you don't have to shout. I'm right on top of you, you know." 
Mihoshi rubs her ear. Kiyone goes all red. 
"Will you just press the emergency shutdown button all ready before we crash!" 
Kiyone loses her breath in her last shout. Mihoshi gets all upset at the thought of 
crashing.
"We can't crash Kiyone, you promised me that you'd take me to the annual circus on 
planet Yurises." Mihoshi looses all track of what's happening. Kiyone just gives up 
all hope.
"You still remember that promise, that's was almost three years ago!" Kiyone 
surprised at Mihoshi's distant memory span.
"Promise you'll take me Kiyone." Mihoshi turns over and faces Kiyone. "Please 
Kiyone." Mihoshi moves right on top of Kiyone. Mihoshi's boobs rub against 
Kiyone's. "Pretty please." Mihoshi eyes all widen up staring deep into Kiyone's.
"Only if you hit the emergency shutdown button!" Kiyone tries to wiggle free of 
Mihoshi. Mihoshi gets all excited again.
"You mean it, you promise?" Mihoshi waits for an answer. "Well you promise? Cross 
your heart and hope to die, stick a needle in your…Ouch!" Kiyone can't stand any 
more and pokes Mihoshi in the eye. 
"We haven't got time for this." The ship shudders as the bulkheads start to screech 
under stress. Kiyone reaches for the shut down button, but gets her leg caught.
"Don't leave me Kiyone, I'm scared!" Mihoshi anchors onto Kiyone's ankle and 
bursts into tears.
"Let go off me, or we'll crash!" Kiyone is really loosing her temper with Mihoshi. 
Suddenly the ships lights go out and red sirens pop out of the ceiling howling out. 
"We haven't got much time left." A bombarding asteroid destroys the ships gravity 
net. Kiyone is slowly hurled away from the cockpit and Mihoshi along with her 
dangling from her leg. Kiyone acts quickly and grabs Mihoshi's GP Cube off her butt. 
"Hey!" Mihoshi wonders what Kiyone is doing.
"Take this!" Kiyone swings back and launches the cube at the emergency shutdown 
button. Both Kiyone and Mihoshi watch the cube as if in slow motion as the cube 
slowly makes it's way to the core eject button and not the emergency shutdown 
button!
"Oh no, with out the core we can't hyper jump!" Kiyone leaps after the cube, but 
Mihoshi anchors her movement. The cube rams into the core eject button. The hatch 
doors opening echoes through the ship. The core ejects and unexpectedly explodes! 
The blast radius of the core throws the ship on an even more deadly spin towards the 
Earths moon.
"Kiyone, I'm scared!" Mihoshi keeps crying as the ship spins helplessly to the moon. 
"Mihoshi, if you live through this, I'm going to be very disappointed."
Meanwhile back at Tenchi's house.
"Well that's the princess taken care of. "Ryoko grins and slaps the dust off her hands. 
"Now it's just Tenchi and me. Just Tenchi and me… All alone" Ryoko goes all red 
and giggles as her mind fills up with dirty little thoughts. She slams the door shut and 
quickly barricades the only exit out of Tenchi's room.
"Ryoko!" Tenchi glares at Ryoko from across the room. Ryoko not taking any notice 
of Tenchi's negative tone teleports behind Tenchi.
"What's wrong Tenchi my dear?" Ryoko's voice drops softly. Ryoko places her 
hands on Tenchi's inner thighs and presses her boobs against Tenchi's back. "Is there 
something you want to get off your chest Tenchi?" Ryoko rubs her cheek against 
Tenchi's and circles his chest with her index finger. Tenchi goes all red and weak in 
the knees. 
"Chest?" Tenchi feels Ryoko's hard nipples against his back. He quickly pushes away 
from Ryoko and replies in a more dominant voice over Ryoko.
"There's nothing wrong with me Ryoko!" But Ryoko continues to ignore Tenchi's 
tone.
"Are you sure Tenchi?" Ryoko teleports right in front of Tenchi and moves her face 
right against Tenchi's. "Because if your not feeling well, I can be the nurse and you 
can be my bed patient." Ryoko goes all red as she starts to picture her dirty thoughts 
taking place.
"Um, Ryoko. Perhaps I should go see if Ayeka's ok." Tenchi turns round to the door 
but Ryoko quickly spins Tenchi round again.
"Will you stop thinking about that dumb princess for ten minutes!" Ryoko shouts at 
Tenchi, but softens up again. "Besides, you should be worrying about your own 
condition and not some dim wit princess." Ryoko teleports Tenchi onto a treatment 
bed and teleports herself into a tight luring nurse costume. 
"Ouch, these things are damn tight, I feel like my boobs are going to pop out." Ryoko 
stops to think. "Perhaps that's the idea."
"Hey Ryoko what did you do with my clothes?" Tenchi pulls the bed sheet over to 
cover his chest. Ryoko eyes roll upward.
"What did happen to our clothes anyway?" 
	Some hundred of miles away on the lunar surface our two GP officers Mihoshi 
and Kiyone are slowly recovering from the crash.
"Wow!" Mihoshi eyes widen up as she waddles up and down across the lunar surface. 
Kiyone wakes up on the ceiling of the ship.
"I'm alive, I haven't got a single scratch on me. Is Mihoshi…" Kiyone looks worried. 
"Is Mihoshi ok?" Suddenly Mihoshi appears outside the hub window and bangs on it 
loudly to grab Kiyone's attention. 
"Argh!" Kiyone falls from the ceiling and hits the floor. Mihoshi realising already 
how much trouble she has caused, disappears from sight of the window. Kiyone sits 
up and rubs her back.
"Great, she's still alive." Kiyone talks sarcastically to herself. A humming noise 
suddenly passes by the ship. Kiyone quickly gets up. "What was that?" Kiyone pulls 
out her GP pistol, straps on her space helmet and walks into the airlock. She hears the 
humming noise again.
"It sounds like some sort of vehicle." The airlock doors open and Kiyone jumps out 
looking right. "I could have sworn it went this way" Kiyone notices the dirt tracks on 
the lunar service and bends over taking a closer look. 
"Kiyone, look out!" Mihoshi screams for Kiyone to get out the way. Kiyone looks 
between her legs and sees Mihoshi driving some type of buggy, the moon buggy. 
Mihoshi drives the moon buggy right into Kiyone's butt. Kiyone however rolls over 
the front of the buggy and lands on Mihoshi's lap.
"Hi Kiyone, I'm glad to see your ok." Mihoshi talks happily to Kiyone.
"Yeah, like wise." Kiyone still displeased to see Mihoshi live and well. "Your not 
driving this thing are you Mihoshi?" Kiyone eyes sharpen on Mihoshi.
"Of course I am silly." Mihoshi smiles as she shares her new skill with her partner. 
"You see I thought I did so well piloting the ship." Kiyone glares at Mihoshi. "That 
when I found this buggy, I thought I should try out my driving skills."
"What driving skills?" Kiyone shouts at Mihoshi. Mihoshi lets go of the wheel and 
covers her ears even though she's wearing a helmet.
"Why do you always shout at me Kiyone?" Mihoshi starts to whimper out tears again.
"Oh great the moments on board the ship are happening again." Kiyone just realises 
what finally happened to the ship. "Um Mihoshi where are we going?" Mihoshi sniffs 
out a reply.
"I don't know, when you landed in my lap I couldn't see where I was going." Kiyone, 
mouth drops at the idiocy of her partner. Kiyone looks back at the ship in it's wreak 
state thanks to Mihoshi's piloting and then looks to where the buggy is heading.
"Figures." Kiyone watches as the buggy runs out of lunar surface and drives off a cliff 
into a giant canyon. Mihoshi grabs hold of Kiyone and hugs her tightly screaming out 
loud. Kiyone on the overhand takes it quite well.
"The sooner this day ends the better." Kiyone no longer bothered with her life. A 
bright flash appears right in front of Kiyone's face and Tenchi's clothes and Ryoko's 
appear. Kiyone caught completely off guard leans backward and rolls off the buggy. 
Luckily however Mihoshi grabs her and continues to cry.
	Ryoko checks herself out in the mirror, but notices Tenchi in the mirror and 
gets a rather devious idea. Ryoko teleports a clone of herself beside her.
"Oh doctor Ryoko, it's an emergency!" Ryoko talks to Ryoko. "Tenchi Tenkawa 
needs a mouth to mouth resuscitation." Tenchi goes all red as he over hears.
"No I don't, I'm perfectly fine!" Tenchi screams out. "Give me back my clothes 
Ryoko!"
"Ryoko looks over to Tenchi. Tenchi can't help but notice Ryoko's nipple erect out of 
the dress. Tenchi face goes red.
"My goodness, Mr Tenkawa your going into shock!" Ryoko putting on a serious tone 
as she examines at the life support monitor next to Tenchi's bed.
"Tell me about it." Tenchi replies in a low tone. Suddenly the life support system 
shows a vertical line. Ryoko dives on top of Tenchi and shocks him with her hands.
"Ryoko!" Tenchi screams out in horror. 
"Hey don't get mad at me, it was just a tickle shock that's all." Ryoko talks right over 
Tenchi's lips. 
"Um Ryoko, I'm really not in the mood for games so if you could just…!" Tenchi 
sentence is cut short as Ryoko gives Tenchi a mouth to mouth, which turns out to be a 
passionate kiss by Ryoko. Ryoko pulls away slowly.
"Ryoko." Tenchi replies softly.
"Tenchi?" Ryoko stares into Tenchi's eyes.
"Ryoko, this is way to early, you've only just got here and I'm still just getting to 
know you." Tenchi tries to let Ryoko off softly. Ryoko turns away from Tenchi.
"Damn it, this isn't working." Ryoko tries to think how to get Tenchi's attention and 
thinks back to one of the comics she read. "That's it!" Ryoko zaps Tenchi into his 
school uniform tied up to a metallic table. Ryoko walks over in a white suit. "I'm 
going to make a deal with you student Tenkawa." Ryoko talks in a deep voice.
Tenchi looks over to Ryoko confused. "A deal?" 
"Yes, a sexual deal." Ryoko tries not to grin. She presses a button and a laser gun 
appears above Tenchi, suddenly a bright red laser cuts a hole over Tenchi's crouch. 
Ryoko grins a little.
"Ah!" Tenchi looks down at his crouch to see if it's ok, but can't sit up due to the 
restraints. Ryoko walks next to Tenchi and whispers in his ear.
"If I make you erect Tenchi, you become my personal sex slave, if you don't erect, 
then I'll let you go and I'll never bother you again. Tenchi starts to get sweat drops 
down his forehead.
"Ryoko…" Tenchi doesn't know what to say. Ryoko walks back from the table. The 
table spins up and Tenchi can see what Ryoko is doing. The piece of fabric falls off 
and Tenchi's penis is bared. Ryoko takes full notice as Tenchi goes deep red in 
embarrassment. 
"Oh wow. I knew Tenchi was just right for me!" Ryoko thinks to herself as she 
checks out Tenchi's penis.
"Ryoko, please stop!" Tenchi isn't in the mood at all, but Ryoko's determination has 
never failed her yet. 
"Quiet student Tenkawa!" Ryoko shouts at Tenchi and teleports a gag in his mouth. 
Tenchi shakes his head to loosen the gag, but fails. Tenchi is forced to watch Ryoko. 
Ryoko begins by facing her back to Tenchi and spreading her feet apart. She then 
slides down her skirt and kicks it at the door. Tenchi eyes dilate and he can't help but 
watch. Ryoko then bends her body down and looks at Tenchi between her legs. Ryoko 
gently bites her bottom lip as she stares right back at Tenchi's eyes. Tenchi wants to 
look away but can't help but not too. Ryoko slides her hands up her inner thighs and 
grips on to her panties. Slowing she pulls her panties down to her ankles. Tenchi 
totally loses himself and continues to watch Ryoko. Ryoko's soft skin seems to shine 
round her open vagina; her soft clit is small but cute. Ryoko realises that she has 
Tenchi's attention now, but Tenchi has yet to erect. Ryoko notices her tail wiggling in 
excitement and decides to bring it into play. Ryoko's tail starts to tickle round her 
vagina and between her butt cheeks. Tenchi goes all hot inside watching Ryoko play 
with herself. Ryoko suddenly loses control of her tail to her sex drive as the tail dives 
into Ryoko's vagina. Ryoko immediately lifts her head up and places her hands on her 
knees to support the force of her tail pushing into her. Tenchi's penis starts to twitch 
as he watches in wonder. Ryoko moaning out as her tail continues to thrust in and out 
of her. Ryoko teleports above Tenchi, allowing Tenchi to get a close up action of 
Ryoko and her tail. Tenchi can't believe it all and is immediately turned on. His penis 
bursts into life as it erects. Ryoko notices Tenchi's penis come up. Ryoko lays on top 
of Tenchi and shoves the penis into her mouth sucking and blowing hard. Tenchi 
gazes down at Ryoko's bra and sees her mouth at work on his penis, but suddenly 
Ryoko pulls up from Tenchi and moans loudly as her vagina cums out hot gooey love 
juice. A large drop splats onto Tenchi's lips and Tenchi is forced to taste it. Tenchi 
swallows and suddenly breaks out of his restraints. Tenchi throws his hands on to 
both of Ryoko's butt cheeks and pulls Ryoko's vagina down towards his mouth 
licking her vagina dry. Ryoko gets back to Tenchi's penis and plays with his balls as 
she sucks and blows. Tenchi penis hardens as he comes closer to orgasm. Ryoko's 
vagina still moist is quickly licked out by Tenchi's powerful tongue. Ryoko pulls 
away from Tenchi's penis and swivels around to face him. Tenchi looks up at Ryoko 
with a flare passion sort of look on his face. Ryoko looks back down at him as she 
undoes her bra and drops it on to Tenchi covering his eyes. Ryoko carefully leans her 
right nipple over Tenchi's lip and gently rubs it over. Tenchi sends out his tongue to 
explore what is tickling his lip. Ryoko squirms a little as Tenchi's tongue quickly 
wipes over her nipple. Ryoko removes her bra from Tenchi and shoves her breasts 
into Tenchi's face. Tenchi nibbles on the left nipple and licks dead centre. Tenchi 
penis hardens even more as it gently pokes Ryoko's butt cheek. Ryoko opens her legs 
up and guides Tenchi's penis into her Vagina. Tenchi pauses a second as he moans 
out a little. Safe to say this is Tenchi's first time, as for Ryoko, only Washu would 
know, but that's another story. Tenchi soon recovers and moves over to Ryoko's right 
nipple. Ryoko holding onto the edges of the restraint table rides herself in and out of 
Tenchi. Ryoko's nipple becomes all creamy and starts to drip milk. Tenchi sucks at 
the nipple now, but almost chokes on it as he cums into Ryoko.
"Ah, ah, oh wow…" Tenchi says few words before going dead silent again. Ryoko 
loves her vagina filled up with Tenchi's love juice. So much in fact that she squeezes 
her boobs and sprays her milk at Tenchi. Tenchi licks what he can reach before 
shutting down in exhaustion. Ryoko pulls out of Tenchi and just lays on top of him 
rubbing her tail on Tenchi's thigh.
"Tenchi?" Ryoko speaks softly.
"Yes Ryoko?" Tenchi replies in his usual voice.
"You remember the deal, don't you?" Ryoko stares at Tenchi.
"Yes." Tenchi tries to remember the deal.
"I've always wanted my own personal sex slave." Ryoko grins to herself. Tenchi 
stays silent while thinking. 
"Um Ryoko?" 
"Yes Tenchi?"
"How many times do Sex slaves, well um you know…do it?" Ryoko looks over to 
Tenchi.
"When ever I get horny." Ryoko grins.

Next on Tenchi Tenkawa…Episode 3: "Loving Partners." Will Kiyone and Mihoshi 
ever get of the moon? Find out next time on Tenchi Tenkawa.
