LEGACY OF TEARS PART 5:

A Wedding in the Dark
----------------------

 Miaku waited at the end of
the aisle at the Moribani Temple.
 The temple's interior
consisted of a long aisle which
was actually a catwalk. Jutting
out on either side were a number
of smaller catwalks leading to
alcoves carved into the wall.
 The alcoves looked almost
like the domed seats of an
expensive theatre, except that
there were no seats there. Prayers
in the Moribani Temple were always
conducted from a standing position.
That was the way of the Draalthi.
>From early on they were taught two
things about prayer: Stand when
you're praying so your words have
less distance to travel. And, pray
with your eyes open, so the gods can
see the sincerity in them.
 At the end of the aisle, two
pairs of steps rose in a V formation.
At the top of each of these was a
circular platform made of stone. Miaku
guessed that each one had probably
taken decades to carve. The temple had
taken a very long time to complete.
 Atop one of these platforms stood a
priest. Atop the other, a priestess.
Both wore robes appropriate to their
station. They never blinked. They
couldn't.The Draalthi believed that
a priest's or priestess's eyes must
always look upon the gods, and so when
one became so, they cut off their
eyelids. The effect was haunting, but
at the same time, it was inspiring
 Takero wheeled Shiasta's chair to the
end of the aisle, joining Miaku.
 The Priest spoke first. "Young Lady,"
he asked. "What is your name and what
is your request."
 Shiasta looked up to him and spoke.
"My name is Shiasta and I wish to
marry."
 The Priestess asked the same thing of
Miaku, who gave the same answer..
 The Priest and Priestess descended
from their places and each drew a small
dagger from their belts. Very carefully,
they made a cut on each of Shiasta's and
Miaku's palms. Then, they bound their
hands; his to hers.
 As their blood mingled, the pressure on
the cuts caused just enough pain to make
them teary eyed, but not enough to make
them pass out.
 The Priest and Priestess caught their
tears in two small cups.
 When they stopped bleeding, which given
how small the cuts were didn't take
long, their hands were unbound.
 The Priest and Priestess blessed the two
cups and then exchanged them. Then Shiasta
and Miaku drank down each other's tears.
 When the cups were empty the Priest handed
Shiasta a thick silver collar. Miaku had to lean
over so she could put it on him. She did so,
smiling up at him with affection in her eyes.
Then the Priestess handed a delicate and thin
golden collar to Miaku. Miaku placed it on
Shiasta's neck, then kissed the top of her
muzzle. "I love you." He told her, softly.
"I love you." She replied.
 Takero tilted her head slightly and wiped a
tear from her muzzle as the ceremony came
to its conclusion.
  Miaku smiled, winningly, at her. "Don't worry,
mom." he told her, in a voice that matched his
smile, "I'll take good care of her."
   "You'd better." Takero warned, but there was
no belligerence in her voice.

   At the entrance to the Temple, Takero and
Shiasta kissed each other goodbye. It was the
custom of the Draalthi for a newlywed couple
to stay alone for a year, or until their first child
was born. Miaku had a quiet vacation home
on one of the smaller stalagmites and they
would be spending their wedding year there.
   Takero wept tears of sweet sorrow as Miaku
placed Shiasta in his transport and then got
in himself, after carefully placing her wheelchair
in the compact cargo space. She kissed her
daughter through the window, then stepped
back to let the transport move away. As it did,
Shiasta waved to her. She watched and waved
back until the transport was out of sight, then
she returned to her own transport and headed
home.

***

Miaku pulled his transport into the lot of a
large building. It was a coupling center, a
place for newlyweds to spend their honeymoon
year in complete solitude, except for a monthly
delivery of groceries. He got out of the car. Then
he went around to the cargo hold and got out
Shiasta's wheelchair. Once it was properly set
up, Miaku went to the passenger side of the car
and helped Shiasta out of the car and into the
chair. He wheeled her into the center. They didn't
bring clothes. Coupling centers provided this sort
of thing, along with food and shelter. They were
designed to make the first year of marriage as
worry free as possible. It was believed that this
would increase the couple's chances of having a
child.
The center's main supervisor welcomed them and
gave them the keys to their suite.
Miaku and Shiasta thanked him and then headed
into their rooms.
The suite wasn't overly big, but it roomy. Miaku had
called ahead and had explained about Shiasta's legs,
so it had been adapted for her.
Shiasta went into the bedroom and was a little
dismayed at the lack of a hammock.
"You don't have to worry." Miaku told her as he
stroked her hair. "I'll hold you up so you don't fall."
Shiasta looked up at him, her eyes wide. She
seemed frightened.
"Will it hurt me?" She asked, anxiously. "Tonight, I
mean."
"Maybe a little." Miaku admitted. "But don't
worry. It will only hurt for a short time."
Shiasta seemed a little relieved.

Miaku unpacked their belongings, stopping briefly to retrieve the first
of their twelve monthly grocery deliveries.Once that was done, he
turned his attention to his young wife. "Hungry?" he asked.
"A little." Shiasta admitted. "I haven't eaten since before the
wedding."
"Me neither." Miaku smiled. "We certainly have a lot in common, don't
we. No wonder you married me."
"Oh you..." Shiasta laughed.
Miaku bent down and kissed her, deeply, then pulled back. "Let's save
the rest for tonight." He told her as he walked into the kitchen.
"Can I help?" Shiasta asked.
"You could set the table." Miaku replied.
"Okay."

Shiasta set the table. She set her place, then Miaku's. She started to
set a third place, automatically, then stopped herself. Her mother,
sister and brother weren't here. They were miles away, at their home.
She thought about this, then started to cry.

Miaku ran into the room. "What's wrong?" He asked, concern on his face.
"I'm okay." Shiasta blinked away her tears. "Just a little homesick I
guess."
Miaku planted a number of kisses on Shiasta's muzzle. "It's all right."
he told her, gently. "I'll make sure you don't get too lonely."
Shiasta raised her head and returned her husband's next kiss. He
started to pick her up out of her wheelchair, then stopped as he heard
a hissing bubbling sound from the kitchen.
"Oops." He laughed. "Almost forgot." he rushed into the kitchen, only
to return moments later with a slightly burned pan full of some
blackened material which looked anything but edible. "I think dinner is
going to take a little longer than we thought." He apologized.

Miaku's second venture into the kitchen was a bit more fruitful.
The young newlyweds quickly polished off their first meal together as
husband and wife. After cleaning up the kitchen and dining room,
Shiasta decided it was time for a bath.
Miaku, who knew she would need help getting into the bath followed her
into the bathing room. He helped her out of her wheelchair and out
of her clothes. "Beautiful." He said, his voice an awed whisper.
Shiasta lowered her gaze in a blushing gesture.
Miaku carefully lowered her into the bath, then poured some fur
shampoo onto his hand.
"I can b..." Shiasta began to protest. All her objections fell away,
however, when her husband's hand slid tenderly over her breast and she
realized that he had far more on his mind then just bathing her. She
closed her eyes so she could concentrate on these new sensations.
Miaku continued to bathe Shiasta, washing her breasts a bit longer than
was neccessary for just getting them clean.
Soon, Shiasta was moaning. Her breathing became ragged and Miaku
could feel her heartbeat increase under his hand. She could feel
Miaku's hands massaging her body as they lathered up the shampoo. He
slowly worked his way down her body. Her pulse rate increased further
as he worked his way down to the juncture of her thighs. He slipped his
hand between her legs, pushing them apart just a little, and shampooed
her inner thighs, deliberately ignoring the part of her that now ached
the most. Soon almost every part of her was covered in suds. Almost.
Miaku tensed in anticipation as she waited to feel Miaku's hand on that
one place where she most needed it Instead, she felt warm water being
sprayed gently over her, washing off the shampoo. She opened her eyes,
and was starting to protest when Miaku lifted her from the tub and lied
her down on the towel he'd spead out on the floor. Using another towel,
he dried her off in the same way that he had bathed  her.
As she felt his ministrations, she prayed that this time, he would not
skip any part of her. As first, it looked as if he would. But then he
slipped the towel across her body there. She quivered and gasped,
hoping for more, but he put the towel back on the rack and lifted her
off the floor.
Miaku carried Shiasta into the bedroom. Carefully, he turned her upside
down and draped her knees over the sleeping bar.
She started to remind him that she would fall off, but he quickly tied
her legs to the bars with ropes to keep her from slipping.
Once Shiasta was securely in place, Miaku manuevered himself up onto
the bar. He hooked his knees around the bar in between hers and wrapped
his arms around her midsection.
Shiasta was still frightened of the pain she was sure she would feel.
Now, however, that fear was mixed in with overwhelming need. Tears of
fear and frustration ran down her face.
Miaku couldn't wait any longer. He tightened his grip on Shiasta's
waist, then thrust into her for the first time.
Shiasta shrieked in pain as her husband's first thrust pierced the thin
veil of her virginity.
Miaku didn't move. He simply held onto his newly impaled wife and let
her get used to him. He kissed her and soothed her while her womanhood
adjusted to his intrusion. With one hand, he untied her legs. She
wouldn't need the ropes anymore now that he was holding her up. Then,
he resumed making love to her.
Shiasta felt him swell up in her and began to whimper in pain.
"Shhh shhh." Miaku soothed her, continuing to move within her until at
last the knot at the base of his manhood made it quite impossible for
him to move. Kissing Shiasta, he moved one of the hands he was clasping
her with down to her crotch. At first Shiasta was afraid he was going
to try to get his hand inside her. She knew that she could possibly
take anything more in there and she nearly panicked. Miaku did not put
anything more into her however. Instead, he began to gently massage her
clitoris. Shiasta squealed in pleasure as her body responded to the
soft caresses and the presence of his body within hers. She felt a
tension building up in her. The useless muscles in her legs and thighs
did not tense up, so her full attention was on her crotch which was now
gripping Miaku like a vice. She was certain the muscles would snap if
they tensed any further. Then the tension finally broke and Shiasta's
body spasmed around Miaku's. This triggered Miaku's own orgasm. He
emitted a grunt of triumph and ejaculated. Shiasta felt his seed fill
her and heard his cry of joy. Then, exhausted and overwhelmed, she fell
asleep..

------------------------------------------------------------
Lt. Trakal
GP No Tantei-A
http://members.xoom.com/Trakal/ficpage.htm (fanfic page)