Disclaimer: "Is there a point to this? HELL NO!"

Let's Thrash That Bitch Sakuya!
Chapter 02: "Tokyo 3... LEVELED."
---------------------------------
By Ultima-Trev!

Setting: Tokyo 3. Chris Redfield and Jill Valentine were on vacation in the
fortress city of Tokyo 3. A couple of days ago, Lillith has been unleashed.
She was able to destroy EVA units 00-02 with quite the ease, as well as Tokyo
3. The lone survivors were Chris and Jill. 

Ultima-Trev: "I always manage to crossover fics in the weirdest way, do I
not? Back to the story..."

Since Lillith has supernatural powers, it's gonna be hard to bring her down.
(Seeing how Chris and Jill only have guns)

Chris: "Taste some vengeance courtesy of STARS!"

Chris fires off his dual CMP150s, (from Perfect Dark) but it's not doing any
damage.

Jill: "Let's see how she likes the raw power of my golden DY357s." (Also from
Perfect Dark)

Not even Jill's extra powerful magnum pistols can pentrate Lillith's AT
field...

Lillith: "I think it's time I show you the insignicance of your weapons!"

Lillith then fires several rapid ki blast (I've even turned Lilltih into a
fighting machine, LOL!) at Chris and Jill, but they are able to evade the
blast. (Apparently Lillith is soley fixed on power, not speed) For the next
5 minutes, Chris and Jill take turns in a shoot out with Lillith...

Lillith: "Damn, my ki blast are too slow. If only I had some help. Wait!"

Lillith then uses Life2 (from Final Fantasy VII) to revive Wesker, who is
apparantly stronger than Lillith...

Wesker: "You have revived me to do your bidding, though I seek to unite with
you and take revenge on Sakuya."
Lillith: "You will do as I say, destroy them!"
Wesker: "I refuse, I will absorb you."
Lillith: "Shiest!"

YES! WESKER HAS RETURNED! Hopefully we can see Wesker and myself battle.
I just hope I'm in Berzerk while doing so, because he's a strong guy...

Wesker: "KAIOKEN X20 + Haduken!" (Combining moves from DBZ and Street 
Fighter? LOL!)

Wesker's blast sends Lillith flying back 802 feet...

Chris: "Okay, who the Hell should we be shooting at?"
Jill: "I say Wesker."

Jill and Chris then open fire...

Wesker: "I think I can get rid of them. let's see how they like my displacer
cannon!" (The displacer cannon from Half-Life: Opposing Force! LMAO!)

Wesker's blast teleports them to an onsen, where Jill and Chris are staring
eachother down, naked! (where do I come up with this? It's so retarded! Ha-ha
ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Back to the story...

Chris: "You know, it sure has been a while."
Jill: "I've always been wondering, do you still love me?"
Chris: "HELL YEAH!"
Jill: "Alright."

Jill and Chris then get there groove on. Chris pumps in and out like a mad
man, using the HIGH ENDURANCE condom, whcih will give him unlimited sexual
stanima. My first fic encounter with one of these babies was in my fic
Evangelion Muyo Aftermath. If you haven't read it, do so now! Back to the
damned story. Chris is pumping in and out, in and out. Jill's cl*t is so
wet is leaking like the NYC sewer system!

Jill: "Chris, I'm-I'm..."

Jill sprays out 2 gallons of girlcum in Chris's face...

Chris: "You defenitely need a bath now, you and your dirty ways of showing
affection."
Jill: "I demand you to clean me up, big boy."
Chris: "YES MA'AM!"

Back to Tokyo 3...

Wesker: "Now Lillith, unite with me, and together we shall rule the universe
as God III!"
Lillith: "You may have power, but good always prevails!"
Wesker: "You just leveled this city, so you're just as evil as I."
Lillith: "No, I didn't kill them, I merely sent them to Heaven."
Wesker: "Oh well, I'm already the most powerful person next to God and God
II."
Lillith: "Just what we need, two evil Gods."
Wesker: "You don't have a choice. Kaioken x20!"
Lillith: "Oh no..."
Wesker: "KA... ME... HA... ME..."
"Ultima Death Flash!"

Ultima-Trev has sprung back into action! Since his blast catches Wesker of
guard, Wesker lost the energy for is ki blast...

Wesker: "You!"
Ultima-Trev: "I'm gonna blow you a new hole!"
Tenchi: "Ryouko, Aeka, I say we hide during this fight."
Ryouko and Aeka: "We couldn't agree more."
Adrian: "I suggest we take cover as well"
Trell: "After you."

Now Trev is able to fight to the best of his Berzerk abilities. Sprouting
featherless angel wings and having his pupils glowing red, he is now in his
Berzerk state. God II's Palace, (It looks like Yugi's palace by the
way) She is watching the prelude to Wesker and Ultima-Trev's battle...

God II: "Looks like this battle will be very entertaining. Both of them have
the exact same potential. They can't out do the other in strength and speed
alone. One will have to push himself beyond the breaking point...

Back to the damned battle...

Lillith: "Who is this? Things are getting more absurd by the minute."
Wesker: "I bet you're after the power of Lillith as well."
Trev: "Yes, but it's soley for restoring the Earth. I have no intention of
world domination."
Wesker: "Who ever wins this fight get's Lillith, understood?"
Ultima-Trev: "Whatever."
Wesker: "Let's see how well you counter this. Super sonic dash attack!"

Wesker is going in for the kill...

Trev: "Dragon uppercut!" (from Tekken!)

BOOM! Wesker gets launched 30 feet in the air...

Wesker: "What the Hell was that?"
Ultima-Trev: "It seems I too have learned the ability to mock other people's
fighting techniques."
Wesker: "Finally, a challenge that will prove to be fun!"

Wesker then procedes by settiing up 8 light Hawk Wings... (LOL)

Wesker: "Let's see you breakthrough this defense..."
Trev: "Kaioken x10! I summon upon you, Bahamut Zero!" (Final Fantasy VII)

Bahamut Zero also seems to be using Kaioken X10... (this is pretty fucked
up right here)

Trev: "GIGA FLARE!"

Bahamut fires a powerful blast, more powerful since he's tapping into Trev's
kaioken x10 attack, but there is no harm done to Wesker...

Ultima-Trev: "Shit."
Wesker: "HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA!"

Wesker then summons two more Light HawK Wings...

Ultima-Trev: "Kaioken x20, Sonic Boom!" (Street Fighter)

Wesker's defense is still able to absorb the blast...

Wesker: "It's obvious my defenses will never brake, so I'm going to end this
right now! KAIOKEN X20! (then jumps up about 100 feet and 4 inches) Gamet Gun
Fire!"
Ultima-Trev: "Kaioken x20, Ultima Death Flash!"

Wesker and Trev's blast unite in an exquisite energy war. No planets (Earth,
Jurai, Namek, Sentinal 3) have seen this kind of energy discharged...

Wesker: "FUCK! His power perfectly rivals mine!"

The entire sudden, the energy gets too great to be contained. BOOM! After
that energy battle, Trev is extremely winded. He can no longer harness his
Berzerk power, giving Wesker a MAJOR advantage...

Ultima-Trev: "Damn it, with out my Berzerk power, I'M SCREWED!"
Wesker: "Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!"
Lillith: "Damn, that Trev fellow was is only hope for saving humanity! Trev,
We have to unite now!"
Trev: "Wha?"
Wesker: "No!"

Lillith then approaches Trev...

Lillith: "Do not fear child, for we are to combine our powers, and clense
the world of sin..."

Trev seems to be in a trance. Lillith's hidden power has complete
authority over him, for the time being anyway...

Wesker: "DAMN IT!"

When the merger is complete, We see Ultima-Trev, but instead of Dark Brown
hair and a goatee, we see silver hair and a silver goatee. Instead of Blue
eyes, we see Red eyes...

God III (with a big smirk on his face): "Well kiddies, the party is about to
begin. Best go home if you can't handle it."
Wesker: "KAIOKEN X20, FINAL FLASH!"

For about a whole minute Wesker is attemtping to vaporize God III...

Wesker: "Not even a God can survive that..."

Someone the teleports behind Wesker...

God III: "Politically incorrect I see."
Wesker: "Fuck..."

God III uses his katana and turns Wesker into 10 gallons of blood and
severed limbs...

God III: "Looks like I blew him several new holes..."

The others are now coming out of hiding...

Tenchi: "The energy discharged, It's impossible."
Ryouko: "It's obvious we'll just get in this guy's way."

God III: "Good idea. You all stay here while I battle God II. I promise you I
will free Sasami from Sakuya."

Trell: "Later dude!"
Adrian: * 5 years ago I would of never guesed that Trev would become a God.
I just hope he can control his infinite power... *
God III: "Farewell!"

God III then blast off into the sky of Tokyo 3 to find God II's Palace...

God III: * Soon... Soon Sakuya will pay for everything she's done. She even
has to pay for living in the first place. *

God II's place: * It's almost time. It only took him one day to absorb
Lillith. I though it would take him around a month. Obviously he is much
more powerful than what Fragmaster remembered him to be. *

The end of Chapter 2. This has got to the most fucked crossover there is.
Please send comments to superultimatrev@netscape.net. The grande finale is
upon us! Please read! LATER!
