Disclaimer: I don't own any of these people, (except Ultima-Trev, Adrian,
Trell, and Israpheal) so don't sue me. If you do sue me, I'll sue you for
twice as much. LOL! Okay, okay, I'll get on with the fic. Is such inpatience
necessary?

Let's Thrash That Bitch Sakuya
Chapter 01: "The Massacre Reborn"
---------------------------------
By Trevor "Ultima-Trev" Flickinger

Setting; Okayama, Ultima-Trev and Nemesis are about to engage in a major
battle.

Nemesis: "Time to feel the pain of my tentacle slicing through your head!"
Ultima-Trev: "Shit, judging by this incredible turbulance I'd say his power
surpasses my own!"

Nemesis then spears Trev with his tentacle. The tentacle makes impact on
Ultima-Trev's left arm, leaving a big cut...

Ultima-Trev: "It's time Nemesis gets a taste of my iron chef skills."

Ultima-Trev draws his katana, then charges Nemesis...

Nemesis: "ROAR!"

Nemesis lashes at Ultima-Trev with his tentacle once again. This time the
blow makes contact with his abdomen. Ultima-Trev drools mad blood...

Ultima-Trev: "Too... Fucking... Powerful..." (Trev is now out cold)
Adrian: "DIE YOU BASTARD!"

Adrian now charges Nemesis with his claymore. Nemesis sidesteps Adrian's
attack and deliver's him a round house kick to the back of his head...

Nemesis: "ROAR! I'M GONNA KILL YOU ALL!"

Trell: "Eat this you bitch!"

Trell launches a ki blast that Nemesis easily absorbs...

Nemesis: "Let me show you how it's done."

Nemesis charges Trell and delivers a KO in one punch...

Nemesis: "ROAR!"

Nemesis then marches over to Ultima-Trev's KOed self and proceeds to stomp on
his head to deliver...

Tenchi: "Oh no, they were our only hope!"
Nemesis: "So long sucka!"
Sasami: "Wait, you have to spare them!"
Alexia: "Nemesis, you wil do no such thing."
"Come on Alexia, we shouldn't finish off out pre so quickly."
Nemesis and Alexia: "Lady Sakuya!"

Both Nemesis and Alexia step up to Sakuya and bow to her...

Sakuya: "Come now my faithful servants, in order to achieve universal
dominance, we must absorb the beast, the shrue, and the innocence."
Alexia: "What ever do you mean lady Sakuya?"
Sakuya: "Princess Sasami is the innocence, and you two are the beast and the
shrue. And of course my loyal servents, I'll have to absorb you first."
Nemesis: "We'll let you do no such thing!"
Alexia: "Well Sakuya, do you think you're any match for the two of us?"
Sakuya: * Damn it, the spell is losing power. I'm screwed! *
Nemesis: * Her scorpion tale must be her absorbing tool. *

Nemesis then teleports behind Sakuya, rips off her scorpion tail, and beats
her with it...

Sakuya: "Ouch, that hurts damn it!"
Alexia: "Nemesis, give me a chance will you?"
Nemesis: "ROAR!"

Though Nemesis wants all the fun to himself, he throws the tail to Alexia
anyway...

Alexia: "My Nemesis, you're quite the gentleman."
Sakuya: "You'll pay for this treachery!"
"Do not worry lady Sakuya, I will save you!"
Alexia: "That can't be!"
"But it is."
Sakuya: "You fools, you really think I didn't forsee this?"
Nemesis: "Damn it, the bitch had a back up plan."
Alexia: "I knew I smelt your stench around here somewhere, Wesker."

Something about Wesker sets something off in Nemesis's head...

Nemesis: "STARS!"
Wesker: "You're shit compared to me."
Nemesis: "ROAR!"

Wesker does his super sonic dash, knocking Nemesis back around 17-20 feet.

Tenchi: "Not good."
"Annihilate!"
Sasami: "Who are they?"
Ryouko: "I sure hope they're friendly."

The Protoss Infantry (composed of Zealots, Dragoons, Templars, and Archons)
has arrived...

Zealot commander: "There is the legendary evil known as Sakuya!"
Dragoon commander: "KILL HER!"
Archon commander: "Kill that worthless scum!"
Wesker: "You're fools if you think you can beat us."
Zealot Commander: "Commnce attack!"
Wesker: "EVA series, come forth!"
Archon Commander: "What's this?"
Sakuya: "I have made a deal with SEELE, so they sent their EVA series incase
we ran in to trouble."

The Protoss Infantry then engage EVA units 06-12. (At least I think that's 
what the EVA series is composed of.) Since that battle goes on for endless
hours, I'm not going to get in the details of that. Let's get on with the
battle of Nemesis and Wesker...

Wesker: "Answer me Nemesis, were you impress by the speed of that attack?"
Nemesis: "STARS!"
Wesker: "I've been training for quite some time since the Antarctica
incident. I think that helped"
Alexia: "Really?"
Wesker: "Of course, and that attack displayed only a 20th of my speed."
Alexia: "How Absurd."
Sakuya: "It's true. Wesker, show Nemesis this power of yours."
Wesker: "Now to end this pointless battle! KAIOKEN X20!"
Alexia: "How can his power be so great?"
Wesker: "Now Nemesis, fell my unbridled wrath! KAMEHAMEHA!"

Nemesis is blown away to nothingness. All that remains is a red crystal...
Sakuya: "The crystal of the beast is mine!"

Sakuya walks up the the crystal and absorbs it...

Sakuya: "Now for Alexia!"
Wesker: "Hurricane Fist!" (from Fatal Fury)

Nothing remains of Alexia but a yellow crystal...

Sakuya: "The crystal of the shrue is now mine. Sasami, come to me!"
Sasami (under a spell): "Yes ma'am."
Aeka: "Sasami!"
Tenchi: "What have you done to her?"
Ryouko: "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"

Ryouko charges foward with her beam sabre, but Sakuya counters...

Sakuya: "Fire Axe!" (A spell from Magic the Gathering)

The axe explodes, and Ryouko is down...

Aeka: "Ryouko!"
Sakuya: "Sasami, in ordeer for me to complete my evolution, I'll need to
merge with you. In order for us to merge, we need to make love."
Sasami: "Yes ma'am."

Oh-no! That bitch Sakuya has possesed the ever adorable Sasami! Damn it, If
only I could wae up from my knap. Damn it Nemesis, why the fuck did you have
score a KO?

Tenchi: * Sasami, she's the only one I truly love. She's about to be absorbed
by a pure evil monster, NO! * "Sasami, I won't let that Bitch Sakuya absorb
you!"

Tenchi then goes Berzerk... (Berzerk turns his eyes pure red and his strength
increases 5 fold)

Sakuya: "Wesker, watch over Sasami. I have some business to attend to."
Wesker: "But you haven't completed your evolution!"
Sakuya: "It's okay, the power obtained from from Alexia and Nemesis' crystals
is all I need."
Tenchi: "Let's see how your actions measure up to your ego!"

Though Berzerk Tenchi may be very powerful, he's only powerful enough to
bring down Wekser. Sakuya is now in a leage of her own. If she merges with
the innocent sasami, the universe will witness the most vile of intentions...

Sakuya: "I can't believe my power, it feels amazing!"
Tenchi (chraging with the Light Hawk Sword): "Tell me how this feels!"

Sakuya catches the LHS with her hand, yanks it from his grasp, and breaks it
over her knee. Tenchi then lets his power Berzerk go away. Tenchi now
realizes that Sakuya is unstoppable...

Tenchi: "I've failed. Beating her is impossbile. She's like God, only evil."
Sakuya: "That's exactly what I am. I am the Lord-almighty, only evil."
Tenchi (crying): "Sasami, please forgive me. I'm unable to stop her..."
Sakuya: "Wesker, finish him off."
Wesker: "With pleasure."

Wesker then does his super sonic dash, knocking Tenchi out...

Sakuya: "Now Sasami. let us continue."
Sasami: "Yes Ma'am."

Sasami then strips off her clothes. Aeka can't stand the thought of her
sister being both mentally and physically raped...

Aeka: "Azaka, Kamedake! Prepare the Ultra Jurai blast!"
Azake: "Anything but that!"
Kamedake: "Is such force necessary?"
Aeka: "YES IT IS, DAMN IT!"
Azaka and Kamedake: "Yes Ma'am!"

Meanwhile in Ultima-Trev's dream...

"Trev, you must get up."
Ultima-Trev: "No, it can't be."
"It is I."
Ultima-Trev: "Israpheal?"
Israpheal: "It is I, the Guardian of Forever."
Ultima-Trev: "But I thought you have abondoned us for good!"
Israpheal: "I guess I exargerated about never meeting again, for I am here on
vacation."
Ultima-Trev: "Oh."
Israpheal: "Listen, you must destroy sakuya at all cost. If she merges with
Sasami, she'll be even stronger than the Lord-almighty."
Ultima-Trev: "But how?"
Israpheal: "With your transmission locked into Berzerk, there's nothing that
can stop you."
Ultima-Trev: "Okay I'll give it a shot."
Israpheal: "I also have the keyword to victory for you. The keyword is
LILLITH. Asorb her power and the fight is yours."
Ultima-Trev: "Yes sir!"
Israpheal: "Later my friend."
Ultima-Trev: "Later."

Back at the battle with Aeka and Sakuya...

Aeka, Azaka, and Kamedake: "Ultra Jurai Attack!"

The blast (as expected) doesn't even phase Sakuya's supreme power. After the
smoke clears...

Aeka: "Oh no!"

It's too late. Sakuya and Sasami are surrounded by a massive AT field while
they make passionate love. As Sakuya rubs her fingertips on Sasami's
clitoris, her evolution comes closer to being complete. Sasami then orgasms,
spewing out girlcum. Sakuya then realized that this was the time to merge...

Sakuya: "Here it goes!"

Sakuya and Sasami combine to make an incredibly evil and powerful Sasami.
Sakuya is now without a doubt on the same level as the Lord-almighty...

Sakuya: "I am no longer Sakuya, I AM NOW GOD II!"
Wesker: "Yeah!"
God II: "Wesker, I apreciate your support, but you are no longer needed."

Wesker then burst into spontaneous combustion...

God II: "Well-well."
Ultima-Trev: "Looks like I've returned from my nap."
God II: "Does it matter? I am your God now."
Ulitma-Trev: "No, the original God is still living."
God II: "He won't be for long!"
Ulima-Trev: "How unfortunate that I've found a way to beat you."
Aeka: "Huh?"
God II: "Let me hear our story."
Ultima-Trev: "The guardian of forever pointed out someone known as Lillith."
God II: "And?"
Ultima-Trev: "Lillith is the origin of Life. If I absorbed her power, I would
become God III."
God II: "Too shay."
Ultima-Trev: "Aeka, wake the others. We have a lnog journey in front of us."
God II: "I'm inspired by this tale. I will give you a month to find Lillith
and absorb her."
Ultima-Trev: "You're too kind."

My-My, this getting interesting. Trev must absorb Lillith to stand a chance 
against Sakuya... Excuse me, God II. If Trev can manage to find Lillith
and become God III, will Trev have the upper hand? You'll have to wait and
see, for this is the end of the chapter!
