Luckyest person in the world.
Written by Marc "Eucep" Tuijtelaers.
28 Oct. 01.

Lemon, so no underage people here OK.
Oh and this is no claim of ownership, yadda yadda. Yet I wonder if those 
guys who came up with Tenchi Muyo, don't read these stories anyway. This lemon 
occurs in the TV series about three years after the last episode. At this time 
Sasami is 15. Oh, and I don't give a darn if this story is very unrealistic 
or if I mixed up realities). It's just a funny story.



Part one, Prelude: Sasami's new pet.

----

Aeka had been down now for a few days with the flue. (Thanks to her and 
Ryoko fighting in the cold rain.) We start in Aeka and Sasami's room.

Aeka: "Sasami? Would you please go into Washu's lab to check upon Ryu-oh?"

Sasami: "Of course Onee-chan." She makes a small bow. "And when I'm back 
I'll make some more chicken soup."

A: "Thanks Sasami, that's very kind of you." <Yuck, even more chicken soup.> 
As she looks at the empty bowl next to her bed. "Hopefully I'll be better 
tomorrow."

Sasami goes to Washu's laboratory. At the door.

S: "Little Washu? Could you please open the door to Ryu-oh? I have to check 
upon it for Onee-chan."

Washu's face appears on the door.

Washu: "I'll open the door for you to the tree nursery."

S: "Thanks. Oh, Washu do you want to join us for dinner today? I'll make 
your favourite."

W: She seems to ponder shortly. "Yeah, I'm nearly done with this new 
invention so I'll join you all for dinner."

S: Smiles and walks in. "See you there then."

She walks into the lush garden where Ryu-oh floats in his special nursery. 
There's no problem with it so she makes sure it gets all the water and 
nutrients it needs.
As she is nearly finished she flinches as she feels something touch her 
leg. It tingles, it feels as if several fingers are gently rubbing her leg. 
She looks down and back at her leg while she is kneeling. Partially 
covering her leg she sees a purely transparent goo which moves on it's own 
accord. As is doesn't hurt her she studies it carefully. A blob about the 
size of her own head, but amorphous and slightly pulsing with a kind of 
hearth beat.

S: "Are you one of Washu's inventions?"

She slightly quivers as the blob moves up her leg to massage it completely, 
even under her skirt. Yet it seems to avoid those places where she wears 
skin tight clothing she observes. Normally her instinct would have told her to 
back away, but somehow she didn't feel any danger from this being. Especially 
while it caresses her so. Her hearth beat quickens and she slightly moans as it 
massages her inner thighs. Once again it stops before it reaches her panties she 
observes. Seeing this she experiments. She takes off her shoe and sock and 
indeed the goo slowly crawls over her feet and massages it. As a mental note she 
makes sure to ask Washu about this thing. As it continues to massage her she 
feels her wetness increase and eventually she notices it trickling down her leg 
until it reaches the goo. The goo reacts by increasing it's caressing a bit.
As she feels real good she rubs her young breast through the cloth of her 
blouse with both hands. Quickly she finds her nipples to have become stiff. 
Her mind now on the drift of pleasure and she looks down. She wants more of 
this. She stops rubbing herself and reaches out for her other shoe and 
sock. Then she pulls her blouse off of her revealing that she wears nothing 
underneath. (She finds bra's uncomfortable.) She pinches her nipples oh so 
slightly and moans even more as they become more erect. She stands up and 
locks her fingers under her panties and quickly pulls them down over the 
goo covering her leg.
She gasps as she feels it crawling up further it covers her ass quickly and 
then her entire crotch. It quickly flows all over her body except her head 
and hands. Somewhere she knew it wouldn't crawl over her face. She feels 
great as the thing caresses her whole body. She squirms as it pleasures her 
entire nether region with a passion. 
She moans loudly as it pulls open her inner pussy lips and starts to enter 
her vagina. Slowly she is being filled up until it reaches the still sealed 
entrance of her womb. (Juraians have a slightly different body from 
Terrans. The hymen does not exist, but a fleece covers the entrance of the 
womb until they are adults.) The goo starts to vibrate inside her and 
ripple it's surface. It does the same to her backdoor, but it doesn't 
really penetrate her there. As she gets more and more into a state of bliss 
her body produces more and more pleasure fluids, as she feels herself 
becoming more moist. (The goo itself isn't slimy, just very smooth like silicon 
plastics.) 
She feels the being inside her pussy expand her a little and thus producing 
a lot more pressure on her. As to this point she was able to stand while 
leaning against Ryu-oh, but now she lets herself slide to the ground. She 
enjoys every pulse of the slime as it fully pleasures her. From the way it 
makes her nipples twirl, the way it massages her sensitive belly, the way 
it strokes her legs and arms to the way it completely fills her up.
She moans louder and louder as the creature increases it's speed more and 
more. Until her body loses control to her orgasm. The quivers for a long 
time until she's completely exhausted and falls asleep for a little while.

As she wakes up a few minutes later she feels that the creature is still on 
her, but it has reshaped itself as a one-piece bathing suit. Very light 
headed she stands up and considers what to do, now that it's still on her, 
she doesn't know what to do with it. While embarrassing she decides to go 
to Washu. She thinks about the fact that she feels, 'dry'. As if the ooze had 
cleaned her off. Quickly she puts on her clothing, while noting that the 
creature this time does not stay away from the fabric. Then she heads to find 
Washu.

As she is dropped by the internal transporter at the part of the lab where 
Washu is.

S: "Hia Little Washu." She blushes severely.

W: "If you come to remind me of dinner, I haven't forgotten."

S: "That's not why I'm here. I think I encountered one of your 'inventions' 
on the loose."

W: She turns around and looks confused at Sasami. "Say what?"

S: She pulls up her blouse to reveal the goo around her waist. "This one. 
I must admit that it is a very nice invention, but I can't get it off."

W: She now smiles nearly insane and starts laughing out loud. "Very nice 
indeed. From your blush I can tell you fully felt it's main purpose." She 
sits down to prevent herself from falling over from laughing. "It comes off 
very easy, just ask it, verbally and mentally."

S: Smiles while still being tomato red. "That easily?" She puts on a 
thinking face. "Main purpose? What is this thing anyway?"

W: Puts on a scientific tone. "It's main purpose is to be a pleasure unit, 
it's secondary purpose, while being a side-effect, is that it acts as a 
body armour." Sasami looks as Washu quickly launches a fist at her stomach, 
hits and doesn't hurt her at all. The goo fully absorbed the kinetic 
energy. "See?" Then she turns to a screen. "For what it is, it's a 
genetically altered symbiotic multi-cell amoeba. It's original form 
attached itself to larger organisms and fed on the waste from that 
organism, while providing it's host with good protection with it's tough 
cell membranes. I increased it's size and feeding, to be precise it feeds 
on bodily fluids produced by sexual arousal. And I programmed it with a way 
to remove it." She turns on a serious face. "Now to find out how it got 
loose from it's nutrient bath." She used her holo-top. "MIHOSHI!" As she 
looks at several creatures on the loose all over the biological parts of 
her lab.

S: "Oh my, is she unhurt?" She looks as Mihoshi is being chased by a cat 
like monstrous being. Then she sees her disappear and reappear in the 
living room.

W: "Now that that has been taken care off. Would you please explain why you 
allowed it to pleasure you?"

S: "Well, I sensed it to be harmless and well, I needed it." She looks down 
at her toes. "Aeka has all of her toys, but I don't." She looks up, with a 
big grin on her face, while Washu looks amused. "Especially as she starts 
moaning at the middle of the night, I get aroused as well. She starts moaning 
out names while sleeping. 'Tenchi, Tenchi, ohh Tenchi. Tenchi, TEN CHIIIIIII.' 
But the weird part begins as she calls out other names as well. You know about 
Jurai women Washu?"

W: "Well, I think I know most of it. What part do you mean?"

S: "About our upbringing towards the genders." She once again becomes very red.

W: Contemplates shortly. "Oh yeah, that it's not wrong to love either of 
them." Then it hits her. "Let me guess, she calls out the names of some of 
the girls? Who, Mihoshi or Kiyone maybe?"

S: Shakes her head. "Nope, she calls out all of us. Ryoko being at the top of 
the list."

W: Visibly shudders. "All right. Even mine?" Looks as Sasami nods. "So she 
actually has feelings for others than Tenchi."

S: "And the thing is that she nearly always wakes up afterward and nearly 
cries. I actually heard her saying one time that she wished that her dream 
would come true, but that she just fears that if she ever says anything 
about it that she will be totally ridiculed by Ryoko and discarded by 
Tenchi. She really hates the fighting, but Ryoko always knows how to hurt her 
feelings."

W: Gets a very big grin. "That's perfect. The last piece of the puzzle has 
reshaped itself perfectly. Sasami, I think you should know a bit about 
Ryoko too. I found out when she was hiding herself one time from Aeka after 
a fight with my spy camera's. She too has feelings for Aeka, she was 
actually worried for Aeka. She had hurt Aeka during that fight. Like Aeka she 
hates the fighting, but she hates it how Aeka ridicules her with her 'princess' 
behaviour." Washu smiled at Sasami. "And for the rest. I caught Mihoshi and 
Kiyone straight in the act. And they quickly spoiled their love life secrets to 
me, including their desire for Tenchi and the other girls. I know my own 
feelings, but I need to be sure about your feelings Sasami."

S: Walks to Washu and before Washu can act kisses her full on the mouth. "I love 
all of you. I don't know really why, but it's deeper than with a family kind of 
love. Yet I also feel at home here like it was my family. Well, except I really 
feel towards Nobiyuki and Katsuhiro like my parents."

W: Looks slightly stunned. "That same feeling goes for me too. A very tight 
family." She lays a hand on Sasami's shoulder. "And I know even Tenchi feels 
this way. I read his diary. I must say that Nobiyuki isn't the only one with a 
naughty mindset. Now is time for a plan."



Part two, Main course: gang bang deluxe.

---

Then Washu and Sasami continue setting up a plan and setting it into 
motion. (And while Sasami returned the goo to it's habitat.)

About two days later, Friday evening, all the girls are in the onsen. Most 
look pretty shaken and unsure, especially Aeka and Ryoko. Washu then 
activates a mechanical part of the onsen, swiftly the wall that separates the 
men from the women part disappears. On the other side they see Tenchi with a 
cloth over his eyes, relaxing in the water. Then all of them swim over to 
Tenchi.

Ryoko: "Oh, Ten-chi." As she wraps her arms around his left arm.

Tenchi: "Whaah, Ryoko, you shouldn't be here, what if Aeka finds you here." Then 
he removes the cloth with his free hand.

A: "What if I find out?"

T: His eyes go wide as he sees Aeka next to Ryoko, while she places her 
hands on one of his legs. "A-e-ka. What are you doing here?"

Kiyone: "The same as we are going to do, isn't that right Mihoshi?"

Mihoshi: "Uhuh. We're going to have a lot of fun together."

T: "Kiyone, Mihoshi, you too, here, what kind of fun?" He gulps and stares 
at the four pairs of breast in his direct eye-sight. Yet he sees even two 
more pairs.

Adult Washu: "The kind of fun called..."

S: "Sex."

T: "S.. S. Sex? Wait a minute, I must be in a dream. Yep, gotta be a dream."

A: "Oh, I wouldn't call this a dream." As she positions herself over his 
stiff shaft, while Ryoko guides it in. Then allows him to go in all the 
way. "Finally. Ohhh, you're so big Tenchi. Oh Ryoko, thank you." While Ryoko 
embraces Aeka from behind and starts to massage Aeka's breasts.

T: "Very real, very real, very real..." He continues for a short while.

He gasps as he feels Aeka going up and down on him. From his eye corners he 
can see Kiyone tonguing with Mihoshi. A bit further he also sees Sasami 
being fingered by Washu, while floating just above the water on one of 
Washu's floating pillows. As he looks back he sees that Aeka has turned 
around a bit and is now kissing Ryoko full on the mouth. The feeling is 
incredible and the sight is purely intoxicating to him.
Mihoshi apparently has disengaged herself from Kiyone as he sees her next 
to his other side where Ryoko is. She presses her large breasts into his 
side and starts kissing him on the cheek and slowly up to his mouth, slowly 
turning it into tongue kissing.
On the pillow Sasami is enjoying a double tongue job as both Washu and 
Kiyone are licking at the juices she is producing. What Sasami can't see is 
that Washu is fingering Kiyone furiously, making her suck and lick Sasami 
more feverously.
Aeka quickly has her first orgasm of the evening. She looks satisfied at 
both Tenchi and Ryoko. She gets off and allows Ryoko to take her place. The 
same time Mihoshi stops kissing Tenchi and turns to Aeka. She guides the 
princes up on the edge of the pool. As Aeka lies down she looks down as 
Mihoshi crawls next to her. She admires the way Mihoshi's bald pussy looks 
like. She knows that Mihoshi's race doesn't have any body-hair at all, very 
convenient she thinks as she looks down at the purple hart shaped shaved 
pubic hair on her own body. Then she smiles as she looks up at her little 
sister and sees that her sister thinks alike, as she sees a small blue hart
just above her clit which is currently being fingered by Kiyone.
She sees Mihoshi getting into a 69 position with her and gladly starts 
lapping at Mihoshi's engorged sexual organ. All the while Mihoshi is glad 
that she can taste the honey sweet taste of Aeka and the slightly salty 
taste of Tenchi on Aeka.
Meanwhile Ryoko is in heaven as she pounds up and down on Tenchi's shaft 
while he is playing with her breast. He squeezes them and then cups them. 
Bringing his head to one of them he starts to suckle and lick on it. He is 
shortly stopped as he tastes a weird yet slightly familiar tasting liquid 
coming from Ryoko's breast. He looks at it and sees a slightly orange milk 
dripping from it, he looks up at her bliss filled face and sees her nod to 
continue. So he eagerly does. In less than a minute Ryoko reaches her peak, 
clamping down on Tenchi in such a way that it makes Tenchi come too. 
Filling her up he pushes in and out for the last few times, yet the extra 
warmth is enough to make her come a second time. He considers shortly the fact 
that there might be more surprises. He should take more time to contemplate the 
differences between them, even if they appear to be human.
Nearly at the same time Sasami comes to a climax as Washu has managed to 
fit nearly her entire hand into Sasami's crack, while Kiyone makes sure 
Sasami is spread out enough. At the same time Kiyone is kissing Sasami's 
belly. (A more sensitive area for Juraians.) Sasami luckily is being 
supported in the back by another floating pillow or she would have fallen 
off as her body spasms from the tremendous orgasm. Even if it slightly hurt 
her a bit as she stretched a bit too much.
On the flour Mihoshi too reaches her climax, pleasing Aeka with a load of 
juice which Aeka quickly licks off, while nearing her own second orgasm. Which 
comes close very quickly as Mihoshi puts her fingers a bit more to work. Tracing 
the inner contours of Aeka's sex with her index fingers, while rubbing her clit 
with her thumbs. This little added pressure makes Aeka loose it for the second 
time in less than half an hour. Yet unlike the last time she goes on and on, 
continuing to orgasm for nearly five minutes. Then she passes out.

As Aeka becomes conscious again she sees the worried look of the rest. Washu has 
a small gadget scanning her. She smiles and closes it.

W: "It seems that Guarth and Juraian females together have an unexpected side 
effect." She points at a guilty looking Mihoshi. "Normally the lubricating 
juices of a Guarth only stimulates a male Guarth to produce more seed. With 
Juraians it overloads their system as they orgasm."

M: "I'm sorry Aeka." She looks teary eyed now.

A: "Don't worry Hoshi, I never felt a higher ecstasy as just a few moments ago 
thanks to you." She crawls over to Mihoshi and kisses her on the mouth.

Tenchi just sits there with this incredibly stupid grin. Just a moment ago he 
asked himself if this was a dream, apparently not. Then he eyes most of the 
beautiful girls around him, most are still slightly red from the action. He sees 
how that Washu crawls up to Kiyone and hugs her. Kiyone returns the favour with 
abundance, kissing Washu's individual lips, then descending down to the still 
stiff nipples of adult Washu.
She lets her tongue slip out and play with the dark pink nipple. As she manages 
to curl her tongue all around the nipple she places her whole mouth over it, 
taking a lot of breast in as well. The hot breath makes Washu shiver in delight. 
Tenchi looks on in slight confusion as he sees milk like Ryoko's from the corner 
of Kiyone's mouth, who is happily sucking and drinking at Washu's breast. Ryoko 
as well looks slightly confused.

R: "Washu's of the same race as me?" She softly whispers in Sasami's ear.

S: "Looks jummy." She whispers back, then looks down at Ryoko and plants her 
mouth over Ryoko's breast.

Washu in the mean time lays down, still with Kiyone latched onto her breast. She 
looks at Tenchi with pleading eyes. Seeing that Ryoko is occupied and Aeka 
nodding he moves over to Washu. He shortly stops as he looks down at her 
entrance, but then moves on. Resting on his knees he lifts her legs resting them 
on his shoulders and pulling her butt from the ground. Then he slowly enters 
her. (All that training does have this advantage of being strong enough to pull 
off these positions.) Mihoshi, not wanting to be left out, starts playing with 
Washu's other breast. Using her hand she massages it. Washu rewards Kiyone and 
Mihoshi by fingering them, even if with a lot of trouble as she is being pounded 
considerably. She begs Tenchi to go harder and harder. As he complies she's 
nearly shoved away from him.
Sasami nearly giggles as she hears Ryoko's moans, they are closer to purring 
than moans. The taste of Ryoko's milk is very good. The thought of having this 
for breakfast every morning crosses her mind. She sees that Ryoko is enjoying 
it, tough not as much as when she was filled by Tenchi. Actually she saw Tenchi 
shoot inside of her. Thinking about what she had read in some hentai-comics she 
releases Ryoko's breast and goes down to her sex. As she looks down at the small 
bush of teal hair she shortly studies Ryoko's sexual organ. It's different from 
her own, unlike humans and Juraians Ryoko doesn't have labia, it's smooth with 
the vagina on the usual spot. As she touches it she sees the amount of muscular 
control Ryoko has over it. She then wonders where Ryoko's clitoris is hidden. As 
she starts rubbing her over her mound she notes that apparently the clitoris 
isn't a visible nub, but that nearly the entire area around the vagina is super 
sensitive. She remembers her earlier thought and looks around at Tenchi and 
Washu. It's difficult to see, but indeed, Washu has a similar physiology as 
Ryoko. She hears Ryoko whimper from not getting attention, so she turns around 
and starts fingering Ryoko. Slightly blowing air over Ryoko's reddening mound 
making Ryoko shiver and moan. In the back she hears Washu scream in pleasure as 
she has her orgasm. This making Sasami even hornier than she was to this point. 
Then she hears Tenchi release himself as well.
Washu frees herself from Kiyone and Mihoshi and pulls herself up to kiss Tenchi 
on the mouth. She then whispers into his ear.

W: "Three more to go, if you don't feel up to it." She pauses, having short 
breath now. "I concocted something to replenish you far faster."

Washu pulls herself off completely now and is being helped up by Mihoshi and 
Kiyone. She then makes her holo-top appear again and types shortly. In front of 
Tenchi appears a glass with a green liquid.

W: "It's a special energy drink suited to human and Juraian beings."

Tenchi quickly gulps it down and notes it to taste rather well. In a few seconds 
he feels how his tiredness disappears and how his member starts to erect itself 
again.

T: "Who's next." He smiles.

Mihoshi and Kiyone point at Sasami with her but in the air, playing with Ryoko's 
nether region.

K: "We can wait for a while." She giggles and cuddles again with Mihoshi.

Tenchi sneaks over to Sasami. As he sees her from behind he takes a double take 
as he sees something really unexpected. Then he looks back at Aeka and waves her 
over to him.

T: "Turn around please."

Aeka looks a bit confused, but complies.

T: "You too?" He reaches out to the base of Aeka's back.

A: Giggles heavily. "IIII... Please don't tickle me ther...e hi, hi." As she 
wriggles herself away from Tenchi.

T: "I didn't know you two had tails, even short ones." As he stares at the one 
inch tail, resembling a short finger.

A: "Well, we do. And it's very sensitive. Why do you think we normally hide it 
between our cheeks?" She looks behind Tenchi. "It seems that Sasami is really 
enjoying herself." Pointing at the tail of Sasami, which wags in a happy way. 

T: "That's how I noted that."

A: "Don't humans have one?"

T: "Nope." He looks at the rest. "Anyone else here got a surprise like that?"

Mihoshi and Kiyone looked over at him and shook their heads. Washu simply 
giggled and went back into the water to relax herself.
Relieved Tenchi went back to his plan seeing that Sasami and Ryoko hadn't 
stopped yet. He reached over Sasami and wrapped his arms around her from behind. 
Kissing her neck, while his penis touched her sex, but did not enter it. Sasami 
cooed from the sudden touch, but didn't stop with Ryoko. She started to wriggle 
her but a bit until she managed to get the tip of Tenchi's cock in her entrance 
and then impaled herself. She did this so fast that it caught Tenchi off guard, 
but he soon started to return her effort. Predicting according to what Sasami 
just did Tenchi went for a more aggressive mode. Hard and fast. Luckily, he 
guessed right. Sasami's cries of joy were only muffled by the fact that her 
mouth was occupied with Ryoko's crotch, otherwise a few people would need some 
healing for their eardrums. As Tenchi felt the building of his orgasm he started 
to say so out loud. This did not slow down Sasami one bit as she made up for his 
slowed down pace by going faster herself. As she felt a sudden rush of warmth in 
herself she stuck out her tongue even further into Ryoko, pulling both herself 
and Ryoko over the edge of orgasm.

As Tenchi pulled out a stream of semen and Sasami's juices hung from the tip of 
his prick to Sasami's cunt. Before it could get broken Kiyone brought her tongue 
to the starting point on Sasami. Giving the young princess a deep tongue in her 
crack before moving sensually yet fast to get all of it into her mouth until the 
reached Tenchi's tip. She visibly swallowed and then went back down covering 
Tenchi with her hot mouth. Playing with her tongue across his entire length 
several times before quickly deep throating him for a short time. Pushing her 
hand against his chest making him lay down. As he finally lay down Kiyone 
stopped sucking him off and moved herself above him. At the same time Mihoshi 
crawled over to his face. His mind went fast enough to know what they wanted. 
While Kiyone was penetrated by his shaft, Mihoshi would get some tongue. Make 
that tongues, as Kiyone kisses her GP lover intensely. Unfortunately Kiyone's 
time was only short as Tenchi started to fill her up with his latest batch of 
semen.
Kiyone got off and Mihoshi switched to her place, going down on his barely 
recovered member. She treated him to an entirely new sensation, she didn't go up 
and down on him, yet the feeling of just that was there. Her face was very 
blissful. And the sensation went up a gear. Kiyone now stood with her crotch at 
Mihoshi's face, who eagerly started to ear her out. Tasting both Kiyone and 
Tenchi. While reaching underneath Kiyone, Tenchi started to play with the two 
large bouncy globes in front of him. They felt really soft. He heard a cry from 
Kiyone and felt liquid falling on his belly and arms. He saw her legs quiver, 
but saw how Mihoshi managed to keep her standing. After a minute Kiyone was 
guided away by Aeka. Now that he had a bit more clear view he could see 
Mihoshi's stomach contract a bit at the rhythm of the up and down movement he 
felt. He really felt how wet his loins were getting from what Mihoshi was 
producing now. As it contacted his balls he felt a special burning sensation 
there and before he knew he started to shoot his jism inside of the dark blonde. 
This made Mihoshi loose it too. As he finally stopped ejaculating nearly a 
minute later. Mihoshi's eyes were already closed and she simply fell down on top 
of him, asleep. Tenchi too felt totally spend and fell asleep too.

When he woke up a few minutes later he noted that Mihoshi had been dragged off 
of him and lay asleep on a blanket nearby, Sasami next to her on one side and 
Ryoko on the other side. Next to Ryoko lay Washu and next to her lay Kiyone, all 
on blankets. He sat up and stared up at Aeka who was the only one left awake.

A: "Lord Tenchi, I hope you enjoyed yourself." She smiled and sat down next to 
him. "At least I am sure I could be very happy with this."

T: "Lady Aeka, I certainly felt very good, but now I'm totally spent. Hopefully 
like training for swordplay, I hope to get more endurance practicing love." He 
smiled warmly and hugged her. "Otherwise I'll probably die young and happy."

They just sat there for a few minutes.

T: "I realized something Aeka."

A: "Yes lord Tenchi?"

T: "Like with your tail and a few other things I saw this evening I realized I 
know so little about your lives on other planets. I barely ever consider that 
the rules of this house can be so different from your own home. Tomorrow I want 
to talk to you all about this, to learn more about all of you."

A: "I think that that is very wise of you." As she leans on his shoulder.

T: "I think that I'm the luckiest person in the world."

---

Yahoo, it's finished. Took long enough, but here is a new twist of the tale. I 
hope you enjoyed it, I certainly did. Well, comments, praise or flames, send 
them to: Eucep@yahoo.com

I came up with it contemplating about the difference in biology of humans and 
aliens. It was sparked by another lemon wherein Ryoko unlike a human had milk in 
her breasts all the time. Of course this also includes alien believes about sex.

I also am now thinking about some other famous female aliens, like Lum. How 
'human' are they (besides the obvious ones).


---

Part three, Epilogue: Stunning facts.

Azusa: "So you are now engaged to that offspring of Yosho?"

A: "Yes father."

Azusa: "So you won from Ryoko at last."

A: "No father." She smiles at the ruler of a big part of the known universe. 
"She'll be his second wife."

Azusa: "Figures, to bad tough for the other females, they seemed pretty attached 
to him, Sasami especially."

A: "That won't be a problem."

Azusa: "Ehrm, what do you mean my daughter?"

Aeka walks over to him and whispers something into his ear.

Azusa: "SIX EMPRESSES!?!" Faints, remembering how draining two empresses can be.

Misaki: "Oh my, Tenchi is even worse than our husband sister."

Funaho: Nods. "Somewhere I expected this." Sighs.

A very happy ending. ^.^
