	Disclaimer:  This is a Tenchi Muyo lemon.  This means 
two things.  One, that the characters herein belong to AIC 
and Pioneer LDC.  Two, this story contains sex.  Lots of sex.  
Hot, freaky, lesbian sex!  If you're under eighteen years of 
age, stop reading.  Hey, what I just get done telling you?!  
Stop reading!  Stop!  STOP READING, YA LITTLE PUNK!
Oh well, it's not as if we can reach through the phone lines 
and strangle you.  (Authors try for several minutes without 
success.)  	Well, anyway, I guess we have no choice but to 
assume you are of age.  Some of you may wonder why we wrote 
this fic.  Simple. (Grins) Someone told us it couldn't be 
done.
	On with the fic!

Lunch Date


	Minagi had always gotten along reasonably well with 
Princess Ayeka, so when the Jurain noblewoman asked Minagi 
to have lunch with her in the Ryu-Oh unit, Minagi thought 
nothing of it and showed up on time carrying a bottle of sake 
with her, her contribution to the meal.  Ayeka met her at 
the door and invited her inside with a smile.  Ayeka had 
everthing set up already.  A table and chairs had come from 
somewhere, and the meal Ayeka had prepared was nothing short 
of exquisite, which was odd considering the Princess couldn't 
cook to save her life.  Ayeka sat her down and poured her a 
glass of wine.  Minagi took a sip, and her eyes widened in 
shock.  Jurain cherry wine was a very rare brand.
	She and Ayeka had lunch and talked.  Ayeka made sure 
that Minagi's glass was never empty, and after an hour, Minagi 
felt her nose begin to go numb, the surest sign that she was 
drinking too much.  Ayeka smiled at her warmly and tried to 
pour her another.
	Minagi held her hand up.  "Um...no, thank you, Ms. Ayeka, 
but I really have to be going."
	Ayeka looked a little disappointed.  "Do you?  I was 
hoping we could talk some more."  She reached across the table 
and took Minagi's hand.  Minagi gulped nervously.  There was 
something wrong with this.  She stood up.
	"Thank you, Ms. Ayeka, it was a wonderful lunch, really, 
but there are things I have to do today, and I..."  She 
turned as she sputtered excuses.  Behind her, she could hear 
the sound of Ayeka getting out of her chair.  Minagi started 
toward the door...
	Only to watch it slide shut in her face.  She put her 
hand on the door and willed it to open, but it didn't respond.  
She turned to find Ayeka grinning at her, leaning against 
the table.
	"Um...Ms. Ayeka?"  The princess giggled and started 
toward her.  Minagi took a step back and bumped into the wall.  
"Ms. Ayeka, really, I have to go!"
	Minagi decided that she would just have to be rude, and 
proceeded to phase herself through the wall.
	Nothing happened.
	She blinked in surprise and tried again, with a similar 
result.  She turned to Ayeka in fear.  "My powers!"
	Ayeka smiled.  "What did you think of the wine, Minagi?"  
Minagi blinked in confusion.  "The chemists on Jurai worked 
for centuries to get this solution.  It saps the power from 
life forms such as yourself and Ryoko.  My father gave me the 
formula last time he was here...just in case."  She giggled.  
"I don't imagine he'd ever conceive of me using it like this!"
	Minagi took a step back and noticed the wall there.  
"L-l-like what?"
	Ayeka grinned at her and nodded up at the ceiling.  
Minagi looked up just in time to see several vines strike 
down at her and wrap themselves around her arms and legs.  
Minagi cried out and struggled, but the vines held her fast.  
Her arms were pulled up over her head.  She looked down and 
found that the ones around her legs were slowly pulling them 
apart.  She looked up and saw Ayeka approaching her.
	"W..what do you think you're doing!?  Let me down!"  
The vines pulled her upwards so that she was forced to stand 
on her tip toes.  Ayeka grinned at her, placing her hands on 
Minagi's shoulders, she began to coo.  
	"Shhhhhhh.  It's okay.  Just relax."
	Minagi tried to pull away from her, but the vines kept 
her from escaping.  Ayeka stood on her tip toes and leaned 
forward, placing her hands on Minagi's pert breasts.  She 
whispered in Minagi's ear.
	"Most people don't see me like this," she whispered 
seductively.  "Out there, I'm the prim, proper Princess Ayeka, 
but you know what, I don't *like* the prim, proper princess 
Ayeka.  I love Tenchi, of course, but sometimes...sometimes 
I just have let my other half out."
	Minagi swallowed nervously as she heard this.  She 
was shaking in fear now, unsure of what the deranged princess 
had planned.  She felt something caressing her leg and looked 
down to find Ayeka running the tip of a riding crop up the 
inside of her thigh.
	Ayeka giggled.  "I started doing this when I was fifteen.  
When you're surrounded by nothing but serving girls...you 
acquire a taste for them.  I admit, I've felt somewhat 
thrilled whenever Ryoko would show herself off.  I could 
never let on, of course, I was the prim and proper Princess 
Ayeka, but...I always wanted her here where you are now."  
The riding crop came up, gently grazing her stomach, up 
between her breasts until it was under her chin.  Minagi's 
face was pushed upward.  She blinked tears out of her eyes 
as she quivered with fear..and something else.  Ayeka grinned.  
"But I knew she would never submit to me.  Not in the way 
you are going to."  Ayeka blew in her ear.  Minagi whimpered 
in fear.
	The riding crop went down her body again, stopping at 
her thigh.  Ayeka began kissing her neck.  Minagi's breath 
quickened.  Suddenly she whimpered again.  Ayeka had begun 
rubbing the riding crop between Minagi's legs, creating a 
pleasing friction between the fabric of her jumpsuit and 
her venus cleft.
	"I assure you,"  Ayeka whispered as she kissed her 
cheek.  "You can find this quit pleasurable..."  She kissed 
Minagi's lip, nibbling on it.  "If you let it...and obey."
	Minagi squirmed in her bonds again in another vain 
effort to escape.  She felt the moisture between her legs 
as Ayeka rubbed the riding crop against her clit.  
	"Ms. Ayeka...please, I..." she was cut off as Ayeka 
kissed her.  Minagi's eyes went wide as she felt the 
princess' tongue enter her mouth.  Suddenly, Ayeka stopped 
and stepped back.  From her kimono she produced a wicked 
looking knife.  Minagi tensed.  Ayeka smiled and began 
cutting away Minagi's clothes.  Minagi felt the cold blade 
of the knife kiss her skin, followed shortly after by the 
noblewoman's lips and tongue.  Before long, Minagi was nude, 
shaking in fear and a feeling she didn't understand.
	Ayeka tossed the knife to one side and began to remover 
her kimono.  Minagi's eyes widened when she saw what Ayeka 
wore underneath.  The princess stood before her arrayed in a 
black leather bra but no panties, revealing a thick tuft of 
purple hair between her legs.  Ayeka grinned and approached 
Minagi again.
	"Ms. Ayeka, please..."  She gasped as Ayeka slapped her 
in the face.  
	"You will address me as, 'Oujo sama.'"  she ordered.
	Minagi licked her lips and decided to try again.  
Ayeka began to run her tongue around Minagi's left nipple 
while her hands gently caressed her ass.  
	"Um...Oujo sama..it's not that I'm..." she paused to 
gasp, "not flattered but...but..please, Ms. Ayeka, I..."
	She realized her mistake a split second before Ayeka 
made her aware of it by biting her nipple.
	"OUJO SAMA!"  Minagi cried out in pleasant pain.  "I 
meant Oujo sama!"  Ayeka ignored her.  She ran her tongue 
down her captive's stomach.  Minagi whimpered when Ayeka 
stopped at her cunt.  Ayeka reached out with her fingers and 
found Minagi's clit.  Minagi's breath quickened as Ayeka's 
fingers caressed her swollen girl cock.  Minagi gasped and 
arched her back as Ayeka inserted a finger into the young 
girl's cunt.
	"Do you like that, little slut?"  Ayeka asked her 
huskily.  Minagi blushed a deep red, but could only mewl 
in pleasure as a response.  Ayeka stood up, but continued 
to massage Minagi's cunt with her finger.  Minagi closed 
her eyes and panted as Ayeka inserted a second finger into 
her.  Ayeka grinned and closed her mouth around Minagi's 
right nipple, her other hand roamed up the girl's back.  
Minagi groaned in a pleasure she had never felt before.  
Her heart was racing, the fear was still there, but it took 
a backseat to the sensations of lust she was feeling.  Her 
cunt felt like an oven.  All she could feel was Ayeka's 
fingers plunging in and out of her.  Her head rolled from 
side to side.  The feelings were intensifying.  Minagi began 
to wail in pleasure...
	Suddenly, Ayeka stopped.
	Minagi blinked in surprise.  "Wha..."
	Ayeka grinned up at her.
	"Ms..er...Oujo sama...you..."
	Ayeka moved closer and whispered in her ear.  "Would 
my little slut like me to continue?"
	Minagi swallowed again.  She felt the beads of sweat 
rolling down her forehead.  "Y..Yes, Oujo sama," she gasped 
out.
	Ayeka grinned.  "What do we say?"
	Minagi struggled to think through the lust filled haze 
that had engulfed her brain.  All her attention was focused 
on that small area between her legs.  She tried to wriggle 
enough to force Ayeka's digits inside, but the princess' 
fingers danced away from her.
	"What do we say?"  Ayeka repeated.
	Minagi thought desperately.  "Please, Oujo sama, do 
what you were doing."
	Ayeka's left hand came up and grabed a handful of 
Minagi's cyan hair.  She pulled back roughly.  Minagi cried 
out in pain.  "No,"  Ayeka whispered.  "What do we say?"
	Minagi blinked back tears.  She was so close to 
something wonderful.  She could feel it.  It would only take 
a little more...
	"Please, Oujo sama..."
	"'Please, Oujo sama, make me cum.'"  Ayeka supplied.
	"Please, Oujo sama,"  Minagi gasped out, "Make me 
cum."
	"Beg for it, slut!"  Ayeka growled, emphasizing this 
with another tug of her hair.  "Beg me to make you cum."
	Minagi's face turned red from the huskiness tone.  She 
licked her lips and said, "Please, Oujo sama, please make me 
cum.  Please!"
	Ayeka grinned.  Minagi gasped in ecstacy as she felt 
Ayeka's fingers move inside her.  She began to squirm and pull 
against her bonds.  Suddenly, she was wracked with an 
incredible feeling of pleasure!  Her muscles spasmed, her 
hands clenched and unclenched, her fingernails biting into 
her palms almost to the point of drawing blood.  She cried 
out in pleasure.  
	When it was over, her breath came in ragged gasps, and 
she felt something trickling down her leg.  She looked up at 
Ayeka, who was giving her that devilish grin again.  She felt 
Ayeka remove her hand from her cunt.  Ayeka ran the wet 
fingers up Minagi's stomach, across her breasts, and up her 
neck, stopping at the girl's lips.  Minagi's breath quickened 
as Ayeka gently touched her lips.  Minagi shook her head 
slightly, but Ayeka would hear nothing of it.  She wormed her 
fingers into Minagi's mouth.
	Minagi tasted the sweet nectar on Ayeka's fingers, the 
taste of her own sex and found herself licking the juice from 
the well manicured fingers.  After a few seconds of this, 
Ayeka's fingers were replaced by her tongue as Ayeka kissed 
her, her tongue scouring her mouth for a taste of Minagi's 
cum.
	When they separated, Ayeka caressed Minagi's cheek.  
"Did you enjoy that, little slut?"  Minagi found herself 
nodding.  
	"Y..yes, Oujo sama."
	Ayeka grinned.  "Good, because it's my turn, and you're 
going to *work* for what I have given you!"
	Minagi's eyes went wide as some of the fear returned.  
With an nonverbal cue, the vines released Minagi, and she fell 
to the ground.
	"Follow me, slut,"  Ayeka told her.  Minagi started to 
climb to her feet, but Ayeka stopped her.  "No!  You will not 
stand!  Now follow me!"  Minagi's face grew hot at the 
humiliation of it and began to crawl after Ayeka, who led her 
back to the table and chairs where they had shared lunch not 
too long ago.  
	Ayeka turned and sat in a chair.  Minagi knelt before 
her, her face turned away as tears ran down her cheeks.  What 
had she gotten herself into by accepting that invitation from 
Ayeka?  
	"Well, slut,"  Ayeka said in an imperious voice.  "What 
are you waiting for?  Eat me out."  Minagi shook her head 
quickly.  Ayeka's riding crop appeared in her hand.  "Now," 
she said with a strong hint of threat in her voice.
	Minagi whimpered and crawled to Ayeka.  She placed her 
face between the princess' legs, smelled her scent.  She was 
already wet.  Minagi saw her lips through the thick  matte 
of purple hair.
	"And don't you dare think of touching yourself while 
you work,"  Ayeka told her sternly.  "You've already had your 
turn, now you exist for *my* pleasure.  Understand?"
	"Yes, Oujo sama."  Minagi took a nervous breath and 
began.  She felt Ayeka tense, then heard the princess sigh 
contentedly.
	"Good, little slut, good.  Just keep doing that."
	Minagi continued to eat the princess out, doing what 
she thought *she* would find pleasurable.  Her tongue darted 
back and forth, in and out.  Thinking of this, however, 
caused her to become wet again, herself.  She looked up at 
Ayeka's face and saw that the princess' eyes were closed.  
Minagi's hand trailed down to her cleft.  She began to stroke 
her own clit slowly, hoping that Ayeka wouldn't catch her, 
and at the same time, hoping she *would*.
	She was just beginning to enjoy it when she felt Ayeka 
tense.  "What did I tell you about that?!"  Minagi's hand 
jerked away from her pussy as if her cunt had burst into 
flames.  Ayeka's expression was harsh.  "You filthy slut," 
she accused.  
	Minagi felt the fear well up again.  "Please, Oujo sama, 
I..."
	"SILENCE!  You will have to be punished."  Minagi 
began to whimper.  "And who told you to stop!?"  Minagi began 
to work on Ayeka's cunt again, even more furiously than 
before, hoping to make up for her transgression.  She felt 
Ayeka move, lean closer to her.  She heard something whistle 
through the air, then a sharp crack as the riding crop struck 
her ass.
	Minagi bit down a cry, a sole tear made its way down 
her cheek.  She felt the bite of the crop again, and bit her 
lip.  Suddenly, Ayeka had a handful of her hair.  She pulled 
Minagi's face up until the girl was looking up into Ayeka 
wrathful, purple eyes.
	"If you cry out, slut,"  Ayeka told her, "I want to 
*hear* it."
	Minagi blinked as more tears ran down her face.  
"Y..yes, Oujo sama."
	Ayeka pushed Minagi's head back between her legs.  
She lapped at Ayeka's cunt as she heard the riding crop come 
down again.  This time, Minagi cried out in pain, as she did 
when the crop came down again, and again.  Finally, only 
when Minagi was bawling her eyes out, did Ayeka stop.  
	Ayeka gasped and grabbed another handful of Minagi's 
hair, pushing her closer to her cunt.  The muscles in her 
thighs began to spasm.  Suddenly, Ayeka came!  Minagi lapped 
up the nectar like a kitten would milk.
	"All of it, slut!  Get it all!"  Ayeka gasped out.  
Minagi did her best and managed to get most of it.  Even 
so, her lips and chin were covered in cum.  Ayeka had cum 
a small river.
	She felt Ayeka grab her hair again and pull her up.  
Minagi found herself leaning against the princess.  Ayeka 
kissed her, once again scouring Minagi's mouth, but this 
time, it was for her own juices.  
	After several minutes of kissing, Ayeka released Minagi.  
She leaned forward and pushed Minagi to the ground.  Minagi, 
having learned the rules of the game, did not try to stand.  
She looked up at the princess.
	"Jerk off, slut,"  Ayeka ordered.
	Minagi turned red, but obeyed.  Her fingers found her 
clit, and she began massaging it, gently at first, then with 
more vigor.  She looked up and saw Ayeka staring down at her.  
The thought of the princess watching her as she fucked 
herself pushed her over the edge.  She cried out as her 
second orgasm took her.  She fell backwards onto the floor 
of Ryu-Oh, her fingers still massaging her clit.
	She opened her eyes and saw Ayeka standing over her, 
grinning.

	A few minutes later, they were both sitting in one of 
the shallow pools of water in Ryu-Oh.  Minagi sat with her 
back to Ayeka, whose fingers trailed gently up and down the 
young woman's body.  Minagi mewled and snuggled closer to 
the princess.
	"Oujo sama?"
	Ayeka smiled.  "Yes?"
	"Can we do that again sometime?"
	Ayeka's smile got wider.  "Of course.  Anytime you like.  
You just have to swear never to tell *anyone* of what happens 
between the two of us.  If you do...I'll have to punish 
you...severely."
	A feeling of fear as well as a distinct thrill ran up 
her spine.  "Yes, Oujo sama."
	"Good," Ayeka said.  "Very good."  She smiled.  "Now, 
then, all I have to do is figure out how to get Ryoko to 
have lunch with us."
	Minagi felt a thrill run through her at that statement.  
She sat back and allowed her mind to play with the idea.
	Together, the two drifted off to sleep.
	
	
	Please send comments and critiques to:
	James St. John-Smythe at Targeter@otakumail.com and to
	Kazam at kazam@otakumail.com