I don't own any of the characters in this fan fic. They belong to whatever 
anime company made them. I
am making no money off of this. Please hang out after the story for the 
author's note.


Mihoshi and Kyonei, together at last. (Rated PG13)
-a side story to my fic Interesting diversions-
By, Clayton Overstreet

  It was a typical day at the Masaki residence. Tenchi was out training with 
his grandfather while Ryoko
watched from a discrete distance. In the front yard Ryoko's doppleganger 
kept Ayeaka busy fighting.
Sasami was making lunch while Noboyuki sat at the table with his stomach 
growling. Ryo-oki was
hiding under the counter waiting to snatch a carrot when Sasami wasn't 
looking. Kyonei and Mihoshi,
who had been staying at Tenchi's place since they had been kicked out of 
their appartment, were sitting
on the back porch. Mihoshi was asleep in a deck chair while Kyonei was 
reading a detective novel.
  As she turned the page Kyonei stopped and looked over at Mihoshi. She 
looked so peaceful asleep,
not like the airhead that was constantly raising Kyonei's blood presure. 
Setting her book aside Kyonei
continued to stare at her blonde partner, trying to imagine her life without 
Mihoshi. She would have her
own desk, as the youngest police commisioner of all time. Sending out 
thousands of police officers all day
every day to make sure all was right with the universe. And on her free time 
she'd... she'd... well who
needs free time? Her job would be all the fun she needed. Who realy wanted 
to waist time singing
kareoki? Just because it was fun didn't mean she wanted to do it. Mihoshi 
was the only reason she took
any time off of her job, whining about being bored. Arrg! She was thinking 
about Mihoshi again.
  Mihoshi yawned and smiled in her sleep, " One more song Kyonei. You have 
such a pretty..." she
yawns, "... voice." Kyonei smiled down at her. At times she did envy 
Mihoshi. The girl seemed to not
have a care in her head... or a thought for that matter. Kyonei never did 
understand how she could be
so ditzy. Before being partnered with Mihoshi she had looked up her records. 
Mihoshi had set new
scores on the galaxy police exams and I.Q. tests. She had never lost a 
battle and seemed not to even
get a scratch on her. Kyonei had been a bit curious as to why Mihoshi had 
such a bad reputation among
the people she had worked with. Now that she thought about it she realy 
didn't know why her partner's
airheadedness bugged her so much.
  Maybe it was because she knew that Mihoshi seemd to be able to do so much 
better. But despite
everything they went through, Mihoshi turned down every promotion and made 
what she did sound like
an accident. She had seen Mihoshi once take down twelve armed men with one 
blast, had seen a cold
and totaly calm look on her partner's face. But when she had asked Mihoshi 
how she's done it, the girl
had suddenly gotten her usual blank stare and asked, "Did what Kyonei?" 
Kyonei hadlooked at her
amazed. "You just took out a dozen men with one shot!" Mihoshi had smiled at 
her playfully, "Oh that.
I ...um... tripped. The blaster wnet off and next thing I know they were all 
laying on the ground. I thought
you'd done it."
  Kyonei never understood why Mihoshi never took credit for anything that 
would have promoted her.
When she had asked her about it Mihoshi had just shrugged and suggested that 
they go to the kareoki
bar. Kyonei still wasn't sure how Mihoshi had gotten her to agree to it.
  Oh well, she thought and turned back to her book. Suddenly there was a 
loud beeping from her wrist.
She turned to Mihoshi and yelled, "Mihoshi wake up! We're getting a call 
from H.Q.!" She could have
sworn Mihoshi had been peeking through one eye, but when she looked again 
Mihoshi was still sleeping.
Growling with frustration Kyonei reached down to pick her up. Suddenly 
Mihoshi's eyes opened and
she smiled at Kyonei, "Hey Kyonei! What's up?" Kyonei growled again and 
yelled, "We have a call
coming in from headquarters!" Mihoshi gasped, "Then what are we doing here, 
come on!" Mihoshi
jumped up and ran towards their space ship. Kyonei screamed and took off 
after her.

  By the time they reached the ship they were both in their GP uniforms. 
They activated the screen and
the police commisioner's face appeared, "It's about time you two got here!" 
Kyonei mumbled some
appologies but was interupted by Mihoshi, "We were sunbathing." Kyonei 
looked at her partner like
she was crazy. She was about to yell at Mihoshi, but the commisioner beat 
her to it, "Sunbathing! What
were you thinking? If you keep this up you'll never get promoted!" Kyonei 
was about to appologize
when she saw Mihoshi. The blonde actually seemed to be smiling more. What 
was wrong with her.
The commisioner continued, "Anyway you were called here because we got a 
call from the dead zone
on the other end of the galaxy. You two are the closest so we're sending you 
to check it out. Once you
enter the dead zone all comunication will be shut down. We don't know what 
causes it because we've
never gone there before." Mihoshi quietly raised a hand, "Um... sir. How did 
whomever it is get a
distress call out if it's a dead zone? Wait, that must mean that..." Kyonei 
and the commisioner waited
for her to continue, "...it must mean that they have a realy good radio!" 
Kyonei and the commisioner
both banged their heads against the wall for a minute. "We don't know how 
they sent the call, or if it was
a distress call." Kyonei nodded while Mihoshi just stared ahead numbly. The 
commisioner cut the
communication and Kyonei turned to Mihoshi, "Why did you tell him that? Do 
you want to be stuck out
in the back of the galaxy fighting dangerouse criminals all the time?" 
Mihoshi looked at her and calmly
said, "Yes... don't you?" She winked and then turned to leave the spaceship 
and go tell everyone that
they were leaving for a couple days.
  Kyonei was shocked. Mihoshi had just said flat out that she didn't want a 
promotion. That she actually
liked all the dangerouse and bizzare situations they found themselves in. 
But Mihoshi's last words rang
through her ears. "...don't you?" Kyonei shook her head. Ofcourse she didn't 
want to spend the rest of
her carear like this... right? Staring ahead in a confused daze she followed 
behind Mihoshi.

  Two days later they were almost to their destination. They would have left 
sooner but Sasami had
offered to make some food for them and before she could argue Mihoshi had 
said yes. Things had
gotten pretty much back to normal, and Kyonei had almost forgotten about 
Mihoshi's comment. After
everyone had seen them off, the GPs had headed straight for t6he location of 
the trasmision. Kyonei had
wanted to get this over with as soon as possible. Looking over at Mihoshi 
she saw the her partner had
fallen asleep again. Kyonei tried not to hold it against her. It wasn't 
exactly like she needed her right now,
and it was a nice change from hearing her babble all the time.
  Yawning slightly Kyonei realized just how tired she was. Checking the 
autopilot she lay back in her
seat and closed her eyes. Five minutes later she was out like a light. 
Mihoshi heard her snoring softly and
slowly opened her own eyes. Smiling softly she went and got Kyonei a 
blanket. After she tucked
Kyonei in she turned back to the control panel infromt of her and began 
working.
  An hour later Kyonei woke up to the sound of typing. Slowly opening her 
right eye she saw Mihoshi
typing away at the console. Keeping quiet she watched as Mihoshi's fingers 
flew over the keys. Kyonei
was amazed at the concentration her partner was showing. She looked kind of 
like Washu when she
was working on one of her experiments. Mihoshi looked at the screen and 
said, "Computer, if I use the
spacewarp engine at only forty percent, increase the forse field to 
onehundred twenty at marks three,
two and seven, what will happen?" The computer flashed for a second, "It 
would cause I rip in the rip in
space-time that the engines create and cause us to arrive at any 
predetermined destination five minutes
before we entered subspace." Mihoshi nodded and began typing again. All of a 
sudden she looked over
at Kyonei and saw her looking at her.
  Kyonei sat up and looked at Mihoshi closely, "Mi... Mihoshi?" A tear 
welled up at the corner of
Mihoshi's eye. She started to say something when the computer beeped and 
said, "We have just entered
the dead zone. All comunication with headquarters has been cut off and we 
are less than fifteen minutes
from the origin of the call." Kyonei turned back to the screens and read out 
the information. The
sensores on the outside of the ship were dead, the only way to see out was 
visual. The cammera's
showed a small object in the distance that the computer identified as a 
space ship. It did not appear to
be damaged, but without the sensores they couldn't tell for sure. Slowing 
the ship down Kyonei pulled
along side. Suddenly there was a brilliant flash of light and Kyonei felt 
something hit the side of her head.
As she fell onto the control console, everything went dark.

  Kyonei woke up groggily. She shook her head and looked around. She was 
laying on the ground next
to a camp fire. Mihoshi was sitting above her holding something cold against 
her head. Kyonei looked
at her and asked, "Wha...what happened. There was a bright light and..." 
Mihoshi smiled and pushed
her back down, "Shhh, calm down Kyonei. Don't move around so much. You've 
been out for three
days." Kyonei's eyes widdend and she tried to get up again, only to have 
Mihoshi push her back down.
"If you don't hold still I'll strap you down." Kyonei lay back down and 
sighed, "Fine, just tell me what
happened."
  Mihoshi smiled, "Thats better. Now to answer your question we were 
attacked. They knocked you out
and almost got me to." Mihoshi grinned, "Long story short, our ships 
collided and you and I are the only
survivores. We landed on this small planet."
  Kyonei shook her head. "How did our ships collide?" Mihoshi got her numb 
look again, "Oh no you
don't Mihoshi. That wont work this time. Now you are going to tell me 
exactly what happend." The
blonde sighed and shook her head, "Well if you must know I killed the people 
who borded the ship, then
when the others began powering up their weapons I set the ship on a 
collision course. After that I put
the two of us into a stasis pod and gettisoned it in the direction of this 
planet which i noticed on our way
into the dead zone." Kyonei looked at Mihoshi with her jaw hanging down, he 
head shaking in total
disbelief. "Why?"
  "Why did I crash the ship?" Kyonei shook her head and Mihoshi adopted a 
grin, "Ph you mean why
have I been pretending to be a... what was your word? Total numbskull?" 
Kyonei blushed and looked
down. Mihoshi giggled lightly, "Well if you must know it was the best way I 
could think of to avoid a
premotion." Kyonei looked at her confused, "Why would you do that? With the 
stuff you've done you
could have made commisioner." Mihoshi smiled down at her and shook her head, 
"And be stuck behind
a desk all day instead ofbeing somewhere I could actualy help people? I 
don't think so. Besides, I would
have missed you too much." Kyonei looked at her, "What do you mean. I would 
have been promoted
too. We could have had increased salary and been in charge of the whole 
police forse." She trailed off
and looked back at Mihoshi, "You'd miss me? Why? All I ever do is yell at 
you and blame you for my
missing promotions." Mihoshi looked down at her and laughed again shaking 
her head, "Yeah you do
alot of that, but we also have alot of fun and I realy do care about you 
Kyonei..." Mihoshi stopped as if
thinking of something, then shook her head. "We can talk more about it 
later, you need more sleep."
  Kyonei wanted to continue talking, but her head began to pound and her 
eyes closed almost of their
own will. Mihoshi smiled and watched Kyonei as she drifted back to sleep. 
She bent down to change the
bit of wet cloth on Kyonei's head. As she did she ran a hand slowly along 
her partners cheek. Kyonei
stirred slightly and Mihoshi sat back, watching over her .

  Kyonei woke up again the next day. When she did she saw Mihoshi sitting 
over her again, but she was
fast asleep. Kyonei reached up and felt the side of her head. It didn't hurt 
any more so she sat up.
Looking around she studied the landscape. They appeared to be on the edge of 
a massive forest. There
were no signs of habitation, but there was a small stream and pond. She 
walked over to the edge of the
pond and checked herself over in the reflection. He hair was matted and 
dirty. There was a huge bruise
on the side of her head. She almost thought she recognized the shape of it 
from somewhere and leaned
down for a closer look. "It's the Galaxy Police insignia," Mihoshi said. 
Kyonei turned around and saw
Mihoshi standing behind her. "Why would they do something like this? What 
would they have to gain?"
Mihoshi shrugged, then waved a hand infront of her nose, "Wow Kyonei, you 
realy need a bath!"
Kyonei laughed, "Look who's talking! You look like you wrestled with a sand 
storm." Mihoshi looked
down at herself and saw the dirt sticking to her, "Ha ha, make jokes. I was 
just a little busy making sure
you were all right." Kyonei blushed, but kept smiling, "Ok, fine. How about 
we both take a bath ok?"
Mihoshi nodded and pulled the bows out of her hair. Kyonei reached up and 
dragged her head band out
of the tangled mess on her head, "Ow! Hey Mihoshi, could you give me a hand 
here?" Mihoshi smiled
and reached out to help her. After about five minutes of trying the band 
finaly came out.
  Kyonei smiled, "Thanks Mihoshi." They got undressed and stepped into the 
water. After they washed
up a bit Kyonei looked at Mihoshi, "I thought about what you said and you 
were right. I'd hate to get
stuck behind a desk. But did you have to drive me so crazy all the time?" 
Mihoshi giggled and nodded
at her, "Yeah, it was funny." Kyonei bit her lip nd grinned, "Oh? You think 
that's funny? Well what do
you think of this?" Kyonei kicked some wather in Mihoshi's face. Mihoshi 
sputtered for a second, then
laughed, "If that's they way you want it Kyonei!" They both began to splash 
eachother and dunk
eachother under the water. After a while they calmed down and sat back 
again.
  Mihoshi stared up at the sky, getting her glazed look again. Kyonei looked 
at her and asked, "Is
something wrong Mihoshi? Anything you have on your mind?" Mihoshi closed her 
eyes and lay her head
back on the bank, "Kyonei... how do you feel about me?" Kyonei looked at 
her, "What do you mean
Mihoshi?" Mihoshi turned away and said, "Nothing... never mind." Kyonei put 
a hand on Mihoshi's
shoulder and pulled her back, "No, I want to know what you meant."  Mihoshi 
blushed and said, "What
I mean is... I want to know if you... I just want to know how you feel about 
me." Kyonei looked into
Mihoshi's eyes and saw something there. Something she recognized. She'd seen 
that same look on
Mihoshi's face a thousand times, never recognizing it before now.
  Tears fell from Mihoshi's cheeks into the water. Kyonei reached out and 
wiped them off and smiled.
She leaned forward  and looked Mihoshi in the eyes, "I couldn't picture my 
life without you Mihoshi."
Mihoshi broke into a smile and hugged Kyonei to her, "Thanks Kyonei, I love 
you." Kyonei hugged her
back and kisses her gently on the lips, "I love you to Mihoshi." Mihoshi 
leaned forward and kissed
Kyonei behind the ear. Kyonei moaned slightly in responce and bent her neck 
to give Mihoshi an easier
target. Mihoshi leaned forward and took her ear lobe between her teeth and 
sucked on it gently. Kyonei
sighed happily, "Oh that feels good!" Mihoshi smiled and kissed her way 
under Kyonei'c chin and to her
collar bone. Kyonei's hand ran down Mihoshi's spine, tickling the small of 
her back.
  Mihoshi shivered and smiled up at Kyonei, "Hmm, nice." Kyonei grinned and 
said, "Um, think we can
take this somewhere a little dryer?" Mihoshi nodded and they stood up and 
walked over to the escape
pod by the fire. As they walked Mihoshi they looked at eachother and smiled. 
Kyonei bit her lip and
Mihoshi asked, "Are you alright with this Kyonei?" Kyonei nodded and smiled 
nervously, " Yeah, it's
fine... great actualy. But, well I've never done this... with another girl I 
mean." Mihoshi smiled back and
hugged her, "Neither have I, and I wouldn't with anyone else." Kyonei hugged 
her back, "Thanks for
understanding Mihoshi." Kyonei kissed Mihoshi again and pressed herself 
against her. Mihoshi moaned
slightly and slid her tongue slowly into Kyonei's mouth, her nipples 
hardening against Kyonei's.
  Mihoshi leaned forward gently and slowly let Kyonei fall onto the soft 
matress of the pod and began
kissing down her neck again. Mihoshi stopped at the top of her breast and 
sucked on it, lightly nipping.
Kyonei ran her fingers through Mihoshi's hair as a slight breeze hit the 
water on their bodies causing
goosebumps. Mihoshi looked up at her and giggled playfully.  Kyonei smiled 
down and nodded
encouragingly, "Don't stop, it felt good." Mihoshi smiled and bent back, 
locking her mouth over
Kyonei's nipple. Kyonei let out a small moan, "Mmm, yessss..." Mihoshi began 
sucking and nipping on
it, tugging it betweenher teeth. Kyonei ran her hands down Mihoshi's sides 
and grabbed onto her breasts.
She gently squeesed and rubbed them. Mohoshi squirmed ontop  of her moaning 
into Kyonei's chest.
  After about ten minuted Mihoshi began moving down Kyonei's belly, lightly 
kissing and licking on the
way down. They both let out a disapointed grunt when Mihoshi's breasts 
slipped from Kyonei'd hand.
Mihoshi finaly reached Kyonei's thighand gently runbbed her fingers over 
them. Kyonei spread her legs
out and Mihoshi saw her friends vagina. Kyonei's clit was sticking up, 
matching her nipples. Mihoshi
grinned and gave her an experimental lick. Kyonei gasped slightly and bit 
her bottom lip. Mihoshi leaned
in again and licked across it, then stopped when her tongue hit something 
cold and hard. Looking down
she saw a small gold ring sticking out of Kyonei's labia. She looked up at 
Kyonei and grinned, "When
did you get this pierced?" Kyonei blushed, "Remember that time at the 
kariokie bar when we got
sloshed and woke up back in our appartment? I woke up and it was there." 
Mihoshi grinned. "Then you
must have gotten that in the smae place i got this." She moved back showing 
Kyonei the inside of her
thigh. On the edge of her vagina was a beutiful and very detailed dragon 
tattoo. Kyonei reached out and
slid a finger across it. Then playfully slid it across her clit. Mihoshi 
moaned lightly and smiled down at her
saying, "Tease." Kyonei grinned and pulled her close. "Tease? Never." She 
kissed Mohoshi gently on
the lips. "I don't suppose we could try a sixty nine could we?" Mihoshi 
hugged ehr tight, "Anything you
want Kyonei."
  Mihoshi turned herslef around so that she lay across Kyonei with her mouth 
on Kyonei's crotch and
Kyonei at her's. Mihoshi used her fingers to open Kyonei up and slid her 
tongue in, licking across her
clit. After afew seconds of moaning Kyonei started to run her fingers around 
the edge of Mihoshi's. Both
of them moaned and squirmed in pleasure. Then they both vanished.

  They found themselves standing in Washu's lab. They looked around and saw 
all of their friends
standing around them. Tenchi was standing holding Ryoko, but he quickly 
turned away when he saw
that they were naked. Washu smiled and said, "Welcome back." Mihoshi and 
Kyonei looked at her.
Kyonei was blushing furiously, but Mihoshi had adopted her usual airhead 
look. "Washu, how did we
get here?" Washu grinned and said, "I've been monitoring your trip to the 
dead zone. I had a small
cammera following you to gather data on the area. I couldn't get any 
readings until it followed you
two out of the zone. Then I began building and calibrating a machine to 
bring you two back." Washu
winked at them, "I guess I forgot to include your clothes." Kyonei smiled 
thankfully at her. Washu
continued, "Ok everybody out. I need to check them for injuries and find out 
what happend.
  The gang left the room and Kyonei looked at Washu, "So exactly what did 
you see?" Washu grinned
and shook her head, "Everything. What can I say? I'm into voyarism. Anyway 
would either of you two
care to tell me what happened before that?" Mihoshi stepped forward, her 
dull expression gone. "We
were set up by someone in the galaxy police. They dragged us out into the 
dead zone and tried to kill
us." Washu shook her head, "I still can't believe how smart you realy are 
Mihoshi. When this is over you
are coming in here for some tests and are telling me just how the hell you 
keep getting in here. In the
mean time we will focus on your fellow officer's actions... by the way, nice 
work on figuring out that
way to increase the efficeincy of the warpdrive, I hadn't gotten around to 
it yet."
  Mihoshi grinned, "I'll take that as a compliment. Did your cammera take 
any pictures of them?" Washu
nodded, "Yes. And I have aleady done a sweep of the galaxy police records. 
The people who did this
are listed in here."Washu handed Kyonei a list. She read it over and her 
eyes widdened. "These people
all work under the same commisioner as we do.Why were they trying to kill 
us?" Washu shrugged, "I
think that's something you'll want to ask your commisioner... Infact I think 
you may want to do it in
person. Did you know you two are dead?" Kyonei and Mihoshi nodded. Then 
Mihoshi asked, "Um
Washu, can we get some clothes now?" Washu smiled and nodded. She turned 
back to her computer.
While her back was turned Mihoshi summoned her own computer and quickly 
erased the tapes of their
last few activities from Washu's computer.
  Their clothes appeared on them, the standard GP uniform. Washu smiled, "I 
think you guys might want
to ask the othersto help you out. It wont exactly be easy to get in and out 
of GP headquarters." Mihoshi
nodded and looked at Kyonei, "Could you handle that? I want the others to 
still think of me as usualy
until this is over... just incase ya know?" Kyonei nodded and hugged 
her.Then Kyonei turned to Washu
and asked, "Was it just me... Or were Tenchi and Ryoko hugging?" Washu 
grinned and shook her head
saying, "That's what you get for being gone so long. You're out of the 
loop."

  "...So you see we could realy use your guy's help." Kyonei finished 
telling Tenchi and the others about
what happened. Tenchi smiled and nodded, "Ofcourse we'll help you, right 
guys?" There was an overall
yes and a meow from Ryo-oki. Kyonei noticed that Ryoko and Tenchi were very 
close and though
Ayeaka seemed a bit upset about it, she wasn't saying anything. Looking at 
Mihoshi she saw the blonde
had her blank look on. Kyonei couldn't help wondering how she did that so 
well, but then figured she
had alot of practice.
  Once outside Ryoko threw Rio-oki into the air and she turned into a huge 
spaceship. They were all
teleported aboard and took off. They arrived at the GPHQ in afew hours. Once 
there Kyonei lead the
way to their commisioner's office. When he saw them his reaction was less 
than flattering, "What the hell
are you doing here? You're supposed to be de... investigating the dead zone. 
Why haven't you reported
in? And who the hell are all of these people?" Kyonei grinned, "Don't you 
ever read out reports sir?"
He shook his head, "No, I have been instructed to send them immediately to 
Jurai." Kyone grinned," In
that case allow me to introduce you to the people we live with while on 
Earth. Tenchi Misaki, Yosho,
Ayeaka and Sasami, the crown princes and princesses of Jurai." The 
commisioner's face turned white
and Kyonei continues, "And this is Washu Jakabi the greatest scientist in 
the universe, her daughter
Ryoko Hakabi, the formerly most wanted criminal in the universe. And the 
glowing young lady above
Sasami if the goddess Tsunami." The group bowed and the commisioner's jaw 
dropped. Kyonei turned
back to him, "And they were wonderign why you wanted to kill us." The 
commisioner looked at her and
started to mouth a denial. Kyonei shook her head and showed him the bruise 
on her head, "You should
have issued them some different weapons. But on the plus side they won't be 
facing the charges. Now
do you want to tell us why you did it?" The commisioner put his head down on 
the desk and groaned
slightly, "Because you two were ruining my record. You busted the most 
wanted criminals in the universe,
but you did it by accident, or with somebody elses help. And when we tried 
to promote you to get you
out of the way you tuned it down again and again. What else could I do?" 
Suddenly he pulled out a
blaster from under his desk and pointed it at her.
  "For some reason though I don't think I'll be facing any charges." He 
fired at Kyonei whojumper out of
the way. Before he could get off a second shot Mihoshi had pulled her gun 
and fired into his heart. He
looked down at his chest and fell face first onto the floor. Mihoshi looked 
over at Kyonei, "Are you
alright?" Kyonei nodded and hugged her, "Yeah, thanks partner." She looked 
down at the commisioner
and said, "Consider this our resignation." They both threw their badges down 
ontop of him. Suddenly an
alarm sounded and they found themselves surrounded by GPs with guns drawn.
  Mihoshi's grandfather, the Marshal, entered and looked around, "What the 
hell happened here?
Mihoshi, Kyonei you had better start..." The commisioner stopped mid 
sentance when he saw Washu
standing in the room, "Mom!" Washu smiled and nodded, "Hello Moran." They 
hugged while everyone
else looked at them.

  Two moths later everything was back to normal. Kyonei and Mihoshi had 
explained everything to the
Marshal. Sice everyone invilved was dead, there was no real problem. They 
went back to Earth with
the others.  They enjoy not having to run off everytime there is a crash. 
Two new officers took over
their possitions and actually live in America so nobody at the house knows 
about them. They pay Tenchi
rent by writing books based upon their adventures in the GP and since. And 
yes, they are sill dating.

The End

Author's note

Hmmm, my first lemon. I think I was supposed to write something at the 
begining.... Oh yeah!
Warning this is a lemon. Ofcourse since you were looking at lemons  to find 
this and you've already
read it you know that already. It didn't start out that way. I was going to 
write a Mihoshi and Kyonei
romance deal to get out o my Tenchi and Ryoko rut. It just kinda... turned 
ouyt this way. Hope you
understamd and had fun reading it. Anything else you want to say can be sent 
to clayton_n@hotmail.com

