Disclaimer:Tenchi Muyo and all its characters are the property of Pioneer and 
AIC, and I assume no copyright over any of it, so please don't sue me, 'cause I 
ain't got much anyways.


			The Masaki Family Line Part Two
			By Argus Cromwell, a.k.a. Dade Gifford


	On an island of Japan, just a pinch to the south of the Main Japan Island, 
the sun shone on a beautiful, hilled forest.  That same sunlight peeked over a 
hill and sparkled through a window to rest on the face of one Tenchi Masaki.  As 
usual, Tenchi awoke.  At first, he suffered from "morning amnesia," and wasn't 
sure where he was or who he was.  He rolled over to his left, and came in 
contact with a very soft surface.
	Ryoko awoke next to him.  "Ohayo, Tenchi!" she said.  She wrapped her arms 
around Tenchi, who was already on her chest, and kissed him deeply.  He 
responded in kind, and released his grip on her. "Ohayo, Ryoko," he said 
groggily.  Upon releasing his grip, his hand came into contact with yet another 
soft surface.  He heard an unmistakeable female yawn, and then a giggle.  "My 
my, Ten-chan, aren't we forthcoming?"
	"Ah heh-heh...sorry 'bout that, Aeka.."  
	"No need for apologies, Tenchi."
	"You know, I hate to leave bed, especially when I'm between you two, but I 
gotta..you know..go."
	Ryoko was feeling like playing with Tenchi.  "Go where, Tenchi?"  Tenchi 
removed his inadverdent grip on Aeka's breast, and put his hands to his sides.  
"Uh..y'know,....go....Aeka?  Do you mind explaining to Ryoko, 'cause this is 
kinda an emergency."
	"Of course, Ten-chan."
	Tenchi lit out of the room and for the bathroom.  Of course, he hadn't 
counted on the fact that Ryoko can phase through walls.  He was in the middle of 
finishing his business, when she phased through the wall right in front of him.  
"YAAAAH!" he yelled, spraying everywhere. He sighed.  "Geez, Ryoko.  Can I at 
least go to the bathroom?"  She retreated, laughing till she cried.  Tenchi 
cleaned up his mess, and went down the stairs.
	Instantly, he felt pressure around his waist.  "Tenchi!  I heard the good 
news!" she said.  "Oh...yeah?" stammered Tenchi.  "Yep! Now Aeka and Ryoko are 
going to be friends, and you and Aeka are going to be married!!"  At this last 
revelation, Tenchi swallowed nervously. "Uh, who t-told you that, S-sasami?"
	"Why, Aeka, of course!"
	Tenchi's gaze shifted to Aeka, who smiled.  "Oh, Ten-chan, I'm so happy.  
You have no idea how long I have dreamed of this.  You and I, together 
forever.."  "And Ryoko" corrected Tenchi.  "Oh, yes, and Ryoko."
	Just then, Washu's door opened, and out stepped the radiant red-head, 
Washu.  This morning, though, she didn't look so radiant.  She had bags under 
her eyes, and her hair was frizzed.  She sat at the table, trying to stay awake.  
"Washu...I mean, Washu-chan, how long has it been since you last slept?"  Washu 
muttered something about the space-time continuum not sparing time for sleep, 
and she gave up on staying awake.  There was a dull *THUMP* as her forehead 
impacted the table.  
	Tenchi sighed, and lifted Washu up.  He carried her to the sofa and laid 
her down on it.  <She'll be out for a while> thought Tenchi.  Tenchi sat down 
and wondered aloud.  "Where's Ryoko?" No one knew.  He sat at the table, 
figuring that she'd show up sooner or later, anyway. "Um, Aeka, there's 
something I've been meaning to ask you and Ryoko."
	"Yes, Lord Tenchi?"
	"I thought you two were just too mad at each other to ever become friends, 
much less what happ..." Tenchi lowered his voice, so Sasami couldn't hear.  
"Much less what happened last night." he said with a smirk, recalling his tryst 
with Aeka and Ryoko.
	"Well, we decided that we loved you too much to let a little thing like 
our bickering get in the way.  It wasn't easy, so we decided to use your love 
for us as the cornerstone, rather than a simple truce. As for what happened last 
night...Juraian customs don't usually condone it, so I don't expect you should 
say anything about it to anyone."
	Tenchi nodded, surprised at the girls' dedication to him.  He recalled his 
dream about the Aeka-Ryoko mix.  That had come true.  Only in a less literal 
manner.  Suddenly, a scream that sounded like a little girl erupted from 
upstairs.  Nobuyuki was running like a madman, screaming the same noise they had 
heard before.  A beam lanced over his head, and Ryoko suddenly appeared, holding 
a tape in her hand.
	"Woah, Ryoko, calm down!  What's with you this morning?"  Ryoko gestured 
towards Nobuyuki, who was cowering behind Aeka.  Aeka did her best to get away 
from the hentai.  "He and Washu conspired together somehow, and they got a tape 
of us making love!" she protested.  Tenchi was shocked.  "Daaaad!!  How-why, why 
would you do such a thing?"  Nobuyuki regained his composure, and spoke.  
"Tenchi, this is a part of Masaki tradition.  To carry on the Masaki Family 
line, you not only have to have offspring, but also visual aids!"
	Tenchi stared.  "WHY?!" he yelled.  "You just wouldn't understand, Tenchi.  
It's tradition!"  "No, dad, it's PERVERTED!!" he corrected.  "Tenchi, you know 
all the tapes we have of when Achika was still alive?" he said.  "Well, wouldn't 
you rather see her than just hear about her?"  "Dad, this is totally different.  
That's just so I can see mom.  This is you watching ME and AEKA and RYOKO having 
SEX!"
	Tenchi cringed as he heard Sasami gasp.  Her cute little face poked into 
Tenchi's view, her mouth wide open.  Tenchi turned bright red.  He pulled 
Nobuyuki into the den, hearing Aeka explaining on the way out.  "But Aeka, you 
said you were just sleeping in Tenchi's room to talk about being friends with 
Ryoko!"  "Now Sasami, that was really none of your business, and...well...just 
forget about it, Sasami."  "But that's wonderful!  You and Tenchi love each 
other!  Are you gonna have a..."
	Sasami's voice was muffled as he entered the next room.  "Now dad, that is 
just wrong!  I still don't understand why you'd do that!" "Tenchi, it's not what 
you think it is.  I need these records of your ascension into manhood!"  Tenchi 
decided to end this conversation once and for all.  "Dad, get rid of the tape."  
"No," said his dad with firm resolve.  "If you don't get rid of the tape, Ryoko 
will," informed Tenchi.  "Please don't DO this to me, son!  You don't 
understand, this isn't what you think it is!  Every one of our family members in 
the past has had some sort of visual records of their love life!  It's a proud 
tradition, and once a year, all the members that have ascended into manhood 
watch the tapes, look at the pictures, admire the tapestries, all the way back 
until there are no more records left.  And yours must be part of that!"
	"No, Dad, the answer's still no.  I don't like the idea of someone 
watching me having sex!  And what's more, you did it in secrecy!  That's 
insulting, that you would actually work behind my back like that...And Washu!  
She's going to get a lecture, too!"
	"Tenchi, I don't know what to say to you, because you just wouldn't 
understand the tradition behind all this.  It's not hentai, it's a record."
	"Well, I don't like the idea of a visual record of my personal life, 
especially without my permission!"
	"If I had asked you, would you have let me?"
	"Not likely"
	"See what I mean?  That's why I had to do this in secret"
	Tenchi was getting fed up with Nobuyuki's excuses.  "Dad, that's it, I'm 
not arguing anymore.  RYOKO!"  Nobuyuki cringed.  It almost seemed like he was 
going to cry.  A second or two later, Ryoko phased through the wall, and 
Nobuyuki whimpered.  She was holding the tape, and glaring at Nobuyuki.  "Ryoko, 
get rid of the tape," said Tenchi.  "With pleasure," replied Ryoko.  She was 
about to disintegrate the tape when suddenly Nobuyuki snatched it out of her 
hand and ran like a madman.  
	"I don't know where he thinks he can hide." said Tenchi.  "Right, Ryoko?"  
She nodded.  "He won't get far."  Nobuyuki had ran for his car and was currenly 
fumbling the keys.  He started the car and drove away as fast as he could.  He 
thought he made it a sufficient distance away, but suddenly the car's hood 
pointed skyward.  "AAai!" screamed Nobuyuki.  Ryoko was underneath the car and 
was flying it back to the house.  
	Tenchi stood there in front of the house as Nobuyuki's car, with Ryoko 
flying it, landed gracefully in front of him.  "Dad, why is this so important to 
you?  I mean, really, this isn't like you." said Tenchi.  "Tenchi, please!  You 
can never know what it means to the family!  Achika would've wanted it this 
way!"  At those words, Tenchi stalled.  He ran the thoughts over and over.  He 
weighed them against the possibility that Nobuyuki was lying.  But he just 
didn't think his Dad would lie when it came to Achika.  "You know what, Dad, 
I'll give you five hours to try and convince me that this is really important.  
After that, if I'm not convinced, it goes."
	Nobuyuki sighed in relief.  He went off somewhere in the house, stowing 
the tape somewhere safe.  But Ryoko was watching the whole time, so she knew 
exactly where it was hid.  As Tenchi reentered the house, Washu woke up.  The 
first thing she saw was a stern Tenchi.  "Washu, we need to talk."
	He decided that Washu's lab would be the best place to talk at.  "Washu, 
what's the idea helping my Dad to sneak in and get a tape of me in private?"  
	"Well, Tenchi, I wouldn't normally have helped him, but.."
	"But what?"
	"He submitted to a couple of my tests, so I could get a little more 
information on the human side of you.  Now all I need is a little Juraian DNA 
and I can match them together!"
	Tenchi fumed for a minute.  "Well, I guess since you weren't helping him 
out of pity or something, I can sort of understand.  But, can you shut down 
that...whatever you gave him to let him get in unnoticed?"
	"Sure thing, Tenchi...of course, I'll need a little...cooperation from 
you, if you know what I mean..."
	"Washu.."
	"Ahem"
	"Washu-CHAN...."
	"Yes?"
	"Absolutely Not."
	"Well, I suppose I could also give Nobuyuki my little hypnotizer, so he 
can get you guys friendlier more often, or whatever he wants..."
	"You wouldn't!"
	"Oh yes I would, especially since I am immune to its effects!"
	"Do you want me to get Ryoko in here?"
	"Do you want Ryoko to become a Kappa again?"
	"Washu, you'd just use my DNA for some purpose that'll end up backfiring, 
or something, like cloning me for your own reasons..."
	Washu called up her holo-top, and promptly Tenchi was conked on the head 
with a crab statue.  
	"Owww..."
	"Look....geez...If I let you get a sample from me, will you please then 
shut that down?  And if possible get rid of the tape without traumatizing my 
dad?"
	Washu could barely contain her happiness.  "Of course, Tenchi!"  Now then, 
let's get you prepped..."
	"You can't let Ryoko or Aeka know about this, or they'll be after you, and 
I don't want a couple of Kappas toddling around here, either"
	In about five minutes, Washu had Tenchi ready for the "operation" so to 
speak.  To say the least, Tenchi was nervous.  And he had one request, as well.  
"Washu, if you're going to do this, could you at least be in your adult form?" 
he pleaded.  "Oh, so I see you did like me the way I really am!" she giggled 
maniacally.  Tenchi blinked, and then boom, there she was, adult Washu.  She 
moved over to him, and the operation began.  She pulled on a pair of rubber 
gloves, and questioned, "Would you prefer hands, or...?"
	Tenchi was sweating profusely, now.  "Uh...surprise me, I guess."
	She smiled,and decided he could use a little more stimulation.  She pulled 
the neckline of her shirt down lower, lower, and then she had exposed her 
breasts.  Tenchi could feel an erection coming on.  "Well," said Washu.  "I see 
someone's happy to see me," she giggled.  Tenchi closed his eyes as she went to 
work.  He did want to be surprised, so he wouldn't watch.  He did notice, 
however, that he wasn't as shy around women, all of a sudden.  Is this what 
happens when you make love? he wondered.  He wasn't too surprised by the 
sensation of something wet and slippery moving up and down his still-growing 
length.  He opened one eye, just a bit, to see Washu performing felliato over 
it.  <Just like Ryoko> he thought wistfully.
	It wasn't long before he found himself breathing faster, and faster.  His 
heart was hammering.  Then, climax took him.  He gasped, as Washu quickly pulled 
away held a container for it.  After he was done, she let him rest for a bit, as 
she stored the container.  She was so excited, she couldn't wait to perform 
tests on that sperm sample.  
	But also, she couldn't believe what making love to those girls had done to 
Tenchi's personality.  He had allowed her to take the sample.  <I haven't done 
that in a while> she thought.  And she had enjoyed it, had enjoyed seeing the 
techniques she learned work their magic on Tenchi.  She had to admit, Tenchi was 
pretty kawaii...But she didn't think Ryoko and Aeka would appreciate sharing 
Tenchi with her as well.  
	Washu reverted to her younger form, and walked back to where Tenchi could 
see her.  He was sitting on the edge of the operating table, still sort of 
overwhelmed.  Tenchi looked over at Washu with surprise.  "Wow, I mean...damn.  
That was good, Washu..."  Even though Tenchi had consented to it and enjoyed it, 
he couldn't help but feel somewhat violated.  "All right, Tenchi, we'll see what 
we can do about Nobuyuki's little hentai streak!" chimed Washu.
	Tenchi was amazed at her talent.  Even Ryoko couldn't compare, and she was 
amazing at that art.  Abruptly, Tenchi realized what he was talking about.  
<Man, a mere month ago, this kind of talk would have made me faint.  And what 
happened to all the nosebleeds?  They just sort of disappeared..>
	Tenchi, unable to think of anything to say, simply stared awkwardly at 
Washu.  She batted her eyelashes very uncharacteristically, and Tenchi blushed.  
He couldn't think of any reason why he was still in her lab, so he walked out.  
Washu watched him go.  <That Tenchi...>  She thought.  <He's so sweet sometimes, 
I almost wish he wasn't so innocent...>  She likened the event to a teen 
recieving a blowjob from a woman in her middle to late twenties.  That image 
made her laugh.
	As Tenchi walked away from the door, he tried not to appear as if he'd 
just recieved a blow job from a genius in all arts, and apparently that one, 
too...  Ryoko popped up and kissed him.  "Tenchiiii...I want you Tenchi..."  
Tenchi hugged her, and they stood there, making out, as Sasami came in.  They 
didn't even notice, and Sasami was standing there, somewhat transfixed.  After 
what seemed like forever, Tenchi and Ryoko parted....and then noticed Sasami.  
Tenchi turned as white as a sheet.  
	Sasami finally snapped out of it.  She giggled nervously, and stepped back 
into the kitchen.  Ryoko pulled the tape out of the folds of her clothing.  
"What do you want me to do with this, Tenchi?"  Tenchi thought for a moment.  He 
was in an especially good mood after his little orgy with Washu.  "I guess you 
can give it back to Dad.  I mean, I just convinced Washu to make sure he can't 
do that again."  <Oh yeah...>  He thought.  <"Convinced" is the right word for 
it.>  
	He and Ryoko walked off to his room.  They met up with Aeka halfway there.  
"Aeka, do you want to.." Tenchi gestured to his room.  She suddenly grew 
excited.  "Of course, Ten-chan!"  They stepped into his room, and Tenchi noticed 
some differences.  "Oh, and Tenchi?" said Aeka.  "I took the liberty of asking 
Washu-sama for a larger bed, as you suggested.." she trailed off.  
	Tenchi, Aeka, and Ryoko all climbed into the larger bed.  "Definately one 
of your better ideas, Aeka," commented Ryoko.  Ryoko phased out of her clothing.  
Aeka removed her outer kimono before stepping into bed.  Tenchi contemplated 
Aeka.  Not as chesty as Ryoko..or Adult Washu, for that matter.. But there was 
just something about her that radiated beauty.  Even clothed, she was a sight to 
take in.  And personally, Tenchi found the purple hair a turn-on.  
	As she laid next to him, she undid her ponytails, and they enveloped him 
in a sheet of purple tresses.  Ryoko pressing against his right side let him 
know that she was ready.  Tenchi would've taken the initiative, but Ryoko always 
likes to be the one to do all the work.  He laid back as she speared herself on 
Tenchi's stiff member.  Tenchi gasped.  Getting a blowjob was good, but sex 
itself was another matter. Not forgetting Aeka, Tenchi pulled her in as close as 
possible. His hands did some wandering.  They lingered around her supple 
breasts, down past her navel...And parted her labia.  "Ooh, Ten-chan, you're 
being hentai.."  she crooned.  
	Of course, Tenchi was a bit distracted.  He put his hands on auto pilot, 
as Ryoko bounced wildly.  She was getting close.  Her back arched, and she 
gushed on him, her fluids running down his legs.  Tenchi gasped out her name 
"Ryookoo...yes.." he said softly.  And then it was his turn.  "Unhhh.." he 
moaned, as he streamed into her, several times.  Thanks to Ryoko doing her own 
work, Tenchi had enough energy to have a go at Aeka.  
	Aeka had been pleasured by Tenchi while he and Ryoko were at it, but now 
came the real pleasure.  Tenchi raised himself over her, as she sighed in 
anticipation.  Tenchi ever so slowly edged himself into Aeka.  His penis pressed 
against her soft outer flesh, and slowly parted her labia.  As soon as he 
pressed against her vulva, he began to pump in and out.  She gasped, and moaned.  
Tenchi leaned forward and kissed her, letting her moan into his mouth, making a 
muffled noise.  
	Aeka's voice was so soft, even in passion, that the soft sucking noises of 
his penis moving in and out could be heard.  Tenchi moved faster.  The noises 
were drowned out as Aeka's passion grew.  She moaned louder, her breasts swaying 
slightly as Tenchi worked.  His speed grew, and she found herself moaning 
louder, gasping for air.  Aeka looked into the eyes of her love, and imagined 
that it was just her and Tenchi.  Aeka climaxed, screaming loud enough that she 
could be heard throughout the house, even to Nobuyuki who was watching the tape 
and admiring his son's technique.  He especially admired Ryoko's ability. 
	Tenchi neared his climax, and then he moaned with release, and Aeka felt 
his warmth inside of her, spreading as his fluids filled her. Tenchi laid there 
for a moment, before moving off to the side.  He kissed Aeka, then Ryoko, and 
fell asleep with both of their heads resting on his chest.  He could only think 
of how fortunate he was.   
=======================================================================
Well, what did you think of that one?  Same as usual, if you liked it, e-mail 
me.  cubone41@yahoo.com  

Yeah, I'll probably get flamed and MST'ed about letting Nobuyuki have that tape, 
but every perve gets his day, right?  I also threw in that Washu bit for all the 
Washu fans out there.        
     
	
	
