Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi or any characters.  They are
owned by Pioneer and AIC.

		
		The Masaki Family Line Part Three
		by Dade Gifford
		a.k.a. Argus Cromwell




	Tenchi was somewhat saddened when he realized it was Monday.  
He stared groggily at his alarm clock in disbelief.  The bright
red letters betrayed the darkened room around them.  Of course,
he could barely see them over the twin mountains of Ryoko.  And
he was at the wrong angle to take a quick stroll through the 
valley, so he had to make do with climbing them, and looking 
around from his new, higher position.  
	Ryoko giggled as she noticed Tenchi's chin resting on
her right breast.  Tenchi smiled at her.  But his smile soon
faded.  "What's wrong, Tenchi?" she questioned.  "Oh, just
school...sigh..." he replied.
	"Don't tell me you're actually going to school, after what
happened over the weekend?"
	"I have to...But I really wish I didn't."
	"Then don't."
	"I gotta, or I'll never pass, and never get a job, and then
never get any money."
	"I'll just steal it for you, Tenchi!" 
	"It's not right."
	"So?"
	".....Nevermind," said Tenchi, when he realized this conversation
wasn't going to go very far.  "Ohh, but Tenchiiii.." she pleaded.  
Tenchi hung his head, and this brought his view to Aeka, who was 
snoring lightly to his right.  She looked so peaceful, so serene. 
Tenchi zoned out, staring at Aeka.  He was quickly staring into 
Ryoko's golden eyes.  "I can't explain why, Ryoko," he finalized.
Ryoko looked as if she were about to cry.  Tenchi tore his gaze from 
Ryoko, a very hard thing to do.  
	Tenchi got up and dressed, then went to take a bath in the onsen.
Ryoko got Nobuyuki to open up the door, and in she went.  Ryoko barred
the door behind her, and then phased out.  She came up between Tenchi's
legs, nude, as he sat there soaping up his arms.  Tenchi dropped the soap
upon seeing her.  "Ry-Ryoko, what are you doing here?" he said, searching 
for the soap.  Ryoko held the bar of soap in front of him long enough
to realize that he didn't need to look for it anymore.  She wrapped
her legs around his midsection, and looked him in the eyes.  He caught
her gaze, and almost instantly began to harden.
	Ryoko smiled, and guided his manhood towards her love canal.
Just as his penis parted her labia, the door opened.  <What?> thought
Ryoko.  <I barred that!>  In stepped none other than the Greatest
Scientific Genius in the Universe (and many others) Washu-chan!  
"Oh, don't mind me, you two!" she said.  "And as for the door, Ryoko,
you forgot that this door slides open.  And the fact that I 
have access to both baths!"  Ryoko shuddered at the thought
of Nobuyuki entering.  Tenchi tried to get up, but this motion caused his 
member to enter almost fully into Ryoko.  She did her best to gasp, "Mom,
if you don't mind.."  Washu promptly left.
	Ryoko's body was very liberal with the lubrication, so Tenchi
never found any trouble with getting off in her.  They went at it 
like they hadn't done it in years.  Tenchi's hands were all over 
Ryoko, and she was overwhelmed.  A few minutes later, Tenchi left the bath 
with Ryoko.  He ran face-to-face with Aeka.  "Uh, sorry, Aeka.." he 
said, but Aeka just fixed him with an icy glare.  "Oujo-sama.." she 
corrected.  "You didn't give me another turn, did you, Tenchi?" Aeka
stated.  She took Tenchi's hand and led him outside, into the woods.
She picked a suitable tree and tied him to it.  Aeka stepped out of view
and changed into a tight leather outfit.  
	Tenchi was nervous.  He thought he knew what she was up to,
but was taken totally by surprise.  Aeka stepped into view, toting
a whip.  "Oujosama to Oyobi!" she yelled.  Tenchi was taken by surprise.
"Aeka, I'm sorry!" he cried.  "You will be," she said calmly.  
He counted five lashes, each punctuated with "Obey!"  He was on his
knees before Aeka after this.  "Now.  Show me your love." she said.
	He didn't know what to do, so she indicated to her sex.
He got the idea, and was kind of nervous, to say the least.  He'd never
done *that* before.  But he had no choice, lest he get whipped some 
more.  She held his head to her crotch, and he began to do everything
he could with his tongue.  Soon after her orgasm, she stated, "You are
forgiven," and allowed him to go to school.  Tenchi arrived at school,
and had to listen to the beginning speech that his principal always
did.  When he was finished, the students were allowed to their first
class.
	The day passed rather uneventfully, until his last class.
Suddenly, when he was sitting in his seat at the back of the room, 
he felt someone unbutton his pants.  He heard the fly go down,
too.  He glanced under the desk, only to see Ryoko, preparing
to start working on him.  He looked around to make sure that no one
was looking, and he sat back to enjoy this little treat.  
His breathinghad become quickened, and his teacher 
noticed.  "Tenchi, are you all right?" he questioned.  
"Y-yes, sir...ohhhuummmmm...yes, no n-no
prohhhhblemmmmm....yeeaahhh, nonnnee at 
ahhhlllll..." swooned Tenchi.
	His teacher shrugged, and went back to grade work, not
being able to see Ryoko because of the angle and distance.  Tenchi
squirmed in his seat as Ryoko finished up, making him try to arch his
back in the stiff seat.  He gasped for air as Ryoko phased away.
He missed her already.  So at the end of class, Tenchi put his stuff
in his locker and rode the bus home.  And Aeka and Ryoko were there
to greet him, Tenchi being sure not to let Aeka know, just in case
she still felt like whipping him some more.
	But just in case...  Tenchi called Aeka to his room, and they
went at it, just as they had the first time.  Aeka settled down onto
him, entirely enveloping his shaft.  Aeka tilted her head back and
moaned, letting time pass uneventfully as her fluids leaked down
his length, and onto him.  She lay on him, and he pumped.  Tenchi
kissed her, stopping the moans.  She bounced on his lap,
crying out loudly each time.  Tenchi sighed as he came and
she finished, and she moved over to his left.  
	Tenchi then realized how many times he'd 
had sex in just one day, and groaned.  He nearly
fainted with remembrance of the energy waste.  But,
he still had practice with Katsuhito, so he couldn't
afford to be idle.  Tenchi drooped as he walked out
to the shrine.  Of course, after all that sex,
he did think about the possibility that one or
both of the girls had gotten pregnant....
	"Tenchi, you're late.  You'd be late to
your own funeral, especially lately.  What's going
on with you?"
	"Well, um.." said Tenchi, remembering that he
had neglected to tell Katsuhito of his recent...affairs.
Now that he thought of it, his entire frame of mind had
almost completely changed, after experiencing the
women as they had intended him to.  Hell, just the 
thought of 'sword practice' made him want to roll
on the ground with laughter.  And when he noticed
Aeka and Ryoko had followed him, to WATCH his 'sword
practice' he couldn't help but contort his face in 
an attempt to contain himself.
	"Never mind.  I can tell by your recent actions."
	"You can?"
	"Yes.  You've been flirting with the girls,
haven't you?  I'm sure Nobuyuki must be pleasantly
surprised."
	"Um...not just flirting..." Tenchi smirked.
	"Oh, so you've been kissing them, too?"
	"Um, SOMETHING like that.." Tenchi was getting
peeved.
	"Oh my god.  You've been peeking on them in
the onsen, haven't you?"
	"GEEZ, GRANDPA!!" Tenchi exploded.  "The word
perceptive does not come anywhere near to describing 
you, does it?"
	"Whatever do you mean?  You mean you haven't
been peeking in on them?  That's a load off my mind."
	"Grr...."
	"So, then, you've been taking baths with them,
or what?"
	"MIHOSHI HAS MORE BRAINS THAN THAT, GRANDPA!! IF
YOU CAN'T GRASP IT ALREADY, I'LL TELL YOU!!  I'VE BEEN 
F***ING THEIR BRAINS OUT ALL DAY!!  WHAT DID YOU THINK?"
	Tenchi gasped for breath after his little speech, 
and calmed down.  His grandfather was stunned at this 
outburst, his hair blown back, his glasses missing.  Aeka
and Ryoko were stunned by that.  Tenchi looked at the 
ground guiltily.  "Well, couldn't you be even a little
more blunt, Tenchi?" questioned a slightly disheveled
Katsuhito, whilst searching for his missing spectacles.
	"Ummm...sorry, Grandpa."
	"Well, you can bet you're going to get some practice
today, Tenchi, especially after your confessing to THAT."
	Tenchi groaned.  It wasn't like he was losing
his concentration, he just had more on his mind.  He 
wasn't even going to bother telling Katsuhito about 
his little visit with Ryoko at school...
	Their fight began.  Tenchi swung his bokken
laterally at Katsuhito, who blocked and hit Tenchi in
the abdomen with one fell swoop.  Tenchi resisted the 
impulse to drop the bokken and clutch at his stomach,
and again tried to swing, but this time, longitudinally.
Katsuhito stepped to the side and smacked him in the
back of his head with his bokken.  Tenchi fell forward.
	"Well, I can see you're too distracted to even
think about practice, Tenchi.  If you were facing off
against a real opponent, you'd be dead by now."
	"If I'd been facing off against a real opponent,
I'd have activated the Light Hawk Wings by now." stated 
Tenchi.  
	"Then go ahead, Tenchi."
	"Well, I just don't want to hurt you, Grandpa."
	"That's no excuse."
	"Fine."
	Tenchi concentrated and called the LHW's forth.
He put his arms out and took two on as armor, and the 
last as the sword.  To his chagrin, Katsuhito took 
Tenchi-ken, and activated it.  Of course, Katsuhito
landed numerous blows, but they all healed over 
quickly.  Tenchi swung the blade and it impacted against
Tenchi-ken, dispersing its power.  
	Tenchi stopped his blade millimeters from hitting
Katsuhito's forehead.  The blade hummed quietly, as if 
awaiting a response.  "Well done, Tenchi, but if it weren't
for your Light Hawk Wings, you'd have no advantage."
	"I think you're getting senile, old man," said 
Tenchi.	
	Katsuhito glared at him.  "No more practice for
today, Tenchi.  And don't break that sword of yours, or
your lady friends just might dump you," he stated calmly.
Tenchi blushed at the shocked looks Aeka and Ryoko were
giving him.  
	So, Tenchi walked back to the house to enjoy a
fine dinner.  Aeka and Ryoko trailed behind.  "So, why
are you two sticking back?" he asked.  
	"Well," started Aeka.  "We weren't sure if we
were supposed to bother you, it seemed as if you were
in a bad mood."
	"No, not really, it's just that Grandpa was 
acting denser than Mihoshi does, and that got annoying
really fast."
	Aeka and Ryoko moved over to Tenchi, though
still slowly, and held him.  Tenchi gave them each a
kiss to help reassure them, and they passed the 
threshold into the house.  
	There was Sasami, waiting expectantly with the
food set out on the table.  "What took you guys?  I 
made unagi and some gohan for you!" she piped.  "Or 
were you off doing the nasty?" she giggled and blushed.
Tenchi, Ryoko and Aeka were all stock still, their eyes
taking up eight tenths of their faces.  "What have I 
told you about that, Sasami?!" fumed Aeka.  
	"Not to say anything about your...yournights
ofhotpassionatelovemakinglikecrazedweaselswith
TENCHI!!!" Sasami burst out laughing, and fell to rolling
on the ground and pounding it, tears forming at the corners
of her eyes, blushing madly.  Tenchi's eyes were wide,
his nose was actually starting to twitch, an early
sign of his nosebleeds.  Aeka was shocked, staring
at her currently indisposed sister, who was rolling
around, cackling like a maniac.  Ryoko was smiling, 
her cheeks puffing out, struggling not to laugh.
She knew if she did she'd never stop.
	Aeka grabbed Tenchi's and Ryoko's hands, and
led them out of the kitchen, to sit on the couch.  At
that moment, Mihoshi and Kiyone walked in the door.
"Hey Mihoshi, Kiyone!" greeted Tenchi.  "Hi, Tenchi!"
bubbled Mihoshi.  "Hello, Tenchi," stated Kiyone.
	"Sorry to just drop in like this," Kiyone
apologized.  
	"Oh, no problem at all!" said Tenchi.
	Kiyone noticed how Tenchi had Ryoko and Aeka
under each arm, and how he was smiling, and also
how Aeka and Ryoko weren't sending icy glares at each
other.  "Did I miss something?" she asked.  "Um, well.."
started Tenchi, in his usual halting manner.  "Y'see..."
	Tenchi filled in the details to Kiyone of what
had taken place over the last few days.  "Wow," she 
understated.  Tenchi was looking down, blushing.  Aeka 
and Ryoko were looking contented.  "Tenchi?  Ryoko and
I are going to the onsen after dinner.  Care to join us?"
said Aeka.  "Sure, I could use a little relaxation."
Kiyone gave Aeka a look, blushing somewhat.  "Oh, you 
two would also like to join us?" finished Aeka.  
"Yeah, but...well...can Tenchi take a bath at a later 
time?"  "Why?" asked Mihoshi.  Kiyone stared at her.
"Thick.." she muttered.  
	Washu, with her expert timing, stepped in,
saying, "I just switched it so Tenchi can only enter
the women's bath."  Ryoko and Aeka showed no distress
at this, and Nobuyuki, who had been heading for the
dining room cheered Tenchi on.  Tenchi relaxed when
he noticed that Aeka and Ryoko failed to question
why Washu didn't care, either...
	  Kiyone had no support on the matter.  
Mihoshi was too stupid to realize what they'd just 
said, and none of the other women seemed to care at
all.  She sighed and decided she'd have to put up 
with it for a while.  She WOULD be wearing a towel,
anyways...
	After dinner, Aeka and Ryoko were in the
onsen. Tenchi wasn't there yet because he hadn't
checked on the carrots yet, and had forgotten.  
He wouldn't be too late.  Mihoshi and Kiyone had
found a captivating soap opera, and they'd be 
delayed for a while.  "So Aeka, you've been seeming
a little more quiet lately.  What's going on?" said 
Ryoko.
	"Oh, nothing really, I've just not had much
to say," she said admittedly.
	"Ne, there's something more going on, isn't
there?"
	"Well, yes there is," she sighed.  "I'm 
pregnant."
	Ryoko's jaw dropped.  "Really?"
	"Yes.  But what about you, Ryoko?"
	"Well, I haven't really checked, yet."
	"I wonder if it will be a boy or a girl," 
Aeka mused.
	"Washu could probably tell."
	"I asked.  She said not this early on."
	"Well, when are you planning on telling
everyone?"
	"I'll tell Tenchi when he gets in."
	"I guess I'm just not as virile as you,
princess."
	"Or maybe it could be that you just don't
know because you haven't checked."
	"Yeah, that too."
	Tenchi stepped in, looking somewhat harassed.
	"What's wrong, Ten-chan?" questioned Aeka.
	"Let's just say that now Sasami AND Noboyuki
are dying of laughter, Mihoshi is clueless, Kiyone
is embarrassed, and Grandpa is on the verge of laughing
as well."
	"Lord Katsuhito, too?"
	"I know, what a hypocrite."
	"Sasami and I are going to have a talk later, I 
can assure you."
	Tenchi undressed and joined the women in the
bath.  He noticed Aeka wasn't wearing her customary
towel.  But he could understand, easily.  Aeka cleared
her throat.  "Tenchi, there is something I have to tell
you."
	"Y-yes, Aeka?" Tenchi could tell something in 
her tone of voice.  
	"Tenchi, I am with child."
	Tenchi's eyes bulged, and his jaw sank in the
water like the Titanic.  Iceberg, thy name is Aeka.
Tenchi broke out in a cold sweat, he noticed this, and
the last thing he saw before blacking out was Aeka's
concerned face.  <she looks so beautiful like that...>
	Tenchi woke up in Washu's lab.  Washu had told
Aeka that Tenchi was all right, but Aeka had insisted
on making sure there was nothing wrong.  "Woah, Aeka.."
said Tenchi, grasping his forehead.  "I had this dream
that you told me you were pregnant."  "Fancy that."
said Aeka.  "I am."  Tenchi fainted again.
=======================================================
Well, Aeka just seems more likely to become pregnant
than Ryoko, for some reason.  I don't know, maybe it's
just her demure mannerisms.  After all, her name does
mean fragile.  Well, as always, tell me what you think.
I'm going to keep on writing with this, almost as if
it were a TV show.  Hm...  Two thoughts comes to mind..
At the rate I've been writing, only three days have 
passed, more or less.  So, how long will it be 'til
Aeka gives birth?  And again, how long is a Juraian 
pregnancy, anyway?  I mean, they live for millennia,
so couldn't development take a while, too?  If you know
the answer, or think you know, please include that
in any response you may have. (cubone41@yahoo.com)
	  
	
	






















  















      
	 