Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Tenchi
Muyo Characters, they are the property of Pioneer
and AIC.  So don't sue me.


		The Masaki Family Line Part four
			By Argus Cromwell
			a.k.a. Dade Gifford


	Tenchi awoke from his catatonic sleep
to see two reddish colored eyes.  "I think he's
coming around," said Aeka.  "W-what happened?"
questioned Tenchi.  "You blacked out, after I
told you that I was pregnant."  Tenchi blacked
out again.
	"Ohhh.....DRAT!" yelled Aeka.  This had
happened thirteen times already...  What about
it made him black out so many times?  About an
hour later, Tenchi awoke again.  "W-what happened?"
questioned Tenchi.  "You blacked out, after I...I 
mean, you blacked out."
	"Why?"
	"Prepare yourself for this, Tenchi."
	"W-what?"
	"Because if you black out one more time,
I'll wake you up the hard way."
	"O-okay.."
	"Tenchi, you and I have conceived a child
together." 
	Tenchi's face drained of its color.  He 
looked dizzy.  Aeka slapped him across the face.
"Now you stop that!!" she said loudly.  "All right!
All right!  I'm fine!  ...Gee.  You're pregnant, 
huh?"
	Aeka blushed a little.  "Yes, Ten-chan. 
I believe mother and father should be around soon."
	"Oh no!  Not them!  Uh, I mean, great!"
	"I think it's time you told your father,
Tenchi."
	Tenchi's shoulders slumped.  "All right."
Tenchi scurried off to tel Nobuyuki the good news.
And he supposed he could tell jiichan while he was
at it...  How did he get in Washu's lab?  Hmm..
Oh well...  He decided he could figure that out 
later.  Right now, there's more pressing stuff
to attend to.
	Aeka looked over at Washu.  "So, Washu,
how are things here in your cave?"
	"Not as exciting as what's going on outside
of it, I assure you." said Washu, hiding a smile.
	"So, I hear you took part in letting 
Nobuyuki videotape us..."
	"Don't worry!  Tenchi...convinced...me, so
I won't do your dad anymore favors.  But, if you
guys decide to bug me or something...I think I could
do something about that onsen door.  There seems to 
be a problem.  You see, there's no mechanism that
allows Nobuyuki in..."
	"You wouldn't!"
	"Just try to stay on my good side, okay?"
<That'll keep her from asking any questions..>Thought
Washu-chan.
	"Well, I do hope I can rely on your equipment
to allow Tenchi and I to see the child, soon."
	"Of course!  Who am I to prevent you two
lovebirds from seeing your child?  That would just
be downright mean."
	"Domo Arigatto, Washu-chan."
	"No problem!"
	At that, Aeka marched out of the lab.  Washu
shook her head and laughed.  <Those kids...>
	Tenchi, unable to locate his father, decided
to announce it at the table, instead.  He'd do that 
later....Right now, he had Ryoko to attend to...
	"Oh, come on Ryoko, I'm too tired." said 
Tenchi.
	"That's okay, I'll do the work for you!"
	"All right.  But we gotta be done before
dinner!"
	So Tenchi and Ryoko went in his room and
made love.  Sasami walked by the door.  She overheard
the noises they were making.  "Oh no, Tenchi and
Ryoko are in trouble!" she thought.  After all, what
else besides a monster or something could make Tenchi
and Ryoko have to exert that much effort?  Sasami 
slid the door open.  "Tenchi!...Tenchi?"  Sasami
stared at them in confusion.  "What's Ryoko doing
in your lap, Tenchi?  Oh, are you giving her a 
ride?  Can I have one too?!"
	"S-sasami, um, could you leave, please?"
	Tenchi's voice sounded strained.  "Well,
okay, but you gotta give me a ride later, okay?"
Sasami left.  <I wonder why they were naked?>
	About an hour later, Sasami called out,
"Supper's ready!"  Tenchi and Ryoko came down the
stairs.  Tenchi looked somewhat embarrassed, Ryoko
looked like she was going to laugh.  They began 
to eat their carefully prepared Ramen.  About
half-way through the meal, when he was sure he'd
have everyone's attention, Tenchi spoke up.
"I have an announcement to make."  Everyone
looked up expectantly.  "Well, y'see, Aeka is
pregnant."
	Everyone gasped.  Aeka blushed, and kissed 
Tenchi fully on the lips.  Nobuyuki was crying,
even as he pulled out his camera to snap a picture
of Tenchi kissing Aeka.  "Wow, really?" said Mihoshi.
"Who's the father?"  Everyone sweatdropped.  Kiyone
groaned.  "Mihoshiiii....TENCHI is the father."
	"Oh, okay."  a second later, she said, "So,
Tenchi, does that mean I can sleep with you, too?"
She asked in total innocence.
	Aeka and Ryoko very quickly answered, "NO!"
	"Oh, okay..."
	Sasami was aghast.  "Wow!  You're going to
have a baby, Aeka?!!  That means I get to be her
auntie Sasami!!!  I'm so happy for you, Aeka!" 
Sasami hugged her sister.
	"Well, Tenchi, you've got a bumpy road 
ahead of you," said Katsuhito.  
	Tenchi smirked, remembering the other time
jiichan had said that.  "And.." he added,
"..Congratulations."
	"My first Grandchild!!  Exclaimed Nobuyuki.
"I can see that you've finally grown up to be a 
healthy man!!  I'm proud of you, Tenchi!!"  This
was punctuated with several slaps on the back, and
then his father hugged him.
	Tenchi blushed.  Ryoko shook Aeka's hand.
"Congratulations!" she commented.  This had everyone's
attention, except for Tenchi and Aeka's, of course.  
"What, can't I congratulate her?" said Ryoko, mildly
annoyed.
	As soon as they were all finished eating,
a loud noise was heard from outside.  Everyone ran 
out the door to witness the arrival of a Juraian
tree-ship.  "...And that would be Mother and Father."
said Aeka.
	A bright green globe came from the ship
and alighted on the ground in front of them. There stood Asuza, Misaki, and Funaho of the Royal family.Aeka
sighed, and then said, in a very highly pitched
voice, "My Mommy!"  She ran over and hugged her.
	Misaki was all too happy to reply.  "My
little Aeka!!"  Of course, these three were still
unaware that Aeka was pregnant.  It was just a
prescheduled visit.
	Aeka backed up, and collected herself.
"Mother, father, there is something I need to tell
you.."
	"You can tell us anything Aeka, we'll always
be glad to help...RIGHT, FATHER?" she said, nudging
Asuza in the ribs.  He merely grumbled. 
	"Well..Mother, I am pregnant.."
	"WHAT?!" yelled Asuza.
	"Oh, I'm so happy, Aeka!!!  Oh, I just can't
wait.  Just think: Three months from now, I'll be a
grandmother!!"
	Tenchi said, "THREE MONTHS?!" he fainted...
again.
	"So daughter, who's the LUCKY man..?" said
Asuza, unsteadily.  "No doubt some wealthy, powerful
suitor, yes?" 
	"No, father.  Tenchi is the child's father."
said Aeka, and purposely put pride in her voice.
	Asuza's left eyebrow twitched.  "So...you
are here to say that this backwater...THING...has
soiled my daughter?"
	Misaki glared at him.  As did Funaho.
	"Asuza, I think you and I need to have a talk."
said Funaho.  
	"Yes, I think I shall come, too.." said Misaki,
very stiffly.  
	Asuza sweatdropped.  "Uh, no no, that won't be
necessary...Er-hem..Daughter, I...I have one question.
Why?  Why do you want to do this to your planet, your
people?"
	Misaki gave him that evil look we all have seen
before.
	"Father, he is Juraian, you know.  And also
the most powerful one anywhere.  He may not have fleets
of powerful ships, but he commands three light hawk
wings.  And he also commands something more important.
My heart."
	At this, Asuza would say nothing more.  So, 
they all went into the house, Tenchi in tow, and 
conversed amongst each other.  Tenchi awoke twenty 
minutes later.  "Th-three months?" he said, weakly.
	"Three months," said Misaki.
	"Why?"
	"It is because she is royalty.  The royal
family has a faster metabolism."
	"I feel faint.."
	Tenchi went upstairs to rest for a while.
Ryoko followed him, with a tray of tea and some
leftover ramen.  Tenchi sat down on the bed.  
"Three months from being a father..."
	"I just thought of something," said Ryoko.
	"What's that?"
	"Well, when we get married, I'll be a 
Juraian princess, as well."
	Tenchi thought about that.  It was pretty
hard to picture Ryoko as a princess...  She 
just didn't carry that regal air about herself.
	"So, Ryoko, you aren't pregnant, are you?"
	"No, you'd know pretty quick whether
or not I was pregnant."
	"What do you mean?"
	"Well, it only takes me one week until the
baby is ready."
	"O-one w-week?"
	"Yes.  And don't worry, the child wouldn't
be born from an egg."
	"That's a relief."
	Of course, it wasn't too long until Aeka's
parents had to leave.  Asuza wasn't going to put
up a fight this time...And strangely, Misaki and
Funaho looked somewhat satisfied.  Come to think
of it, weren't they missing for about an hour?
	There was much weeping, and hugging between
the family members.  Misaki whispered some reminders
to Aeka about the traditional way to carry and care
for one's children.
	So they returned to their ship, and shot off
into space...  Sasami was still crying, but not for
very long.  "Aeka, how come you didn't tell me earlier?"
	"I wanted it to be a surprise, Sasami-chan."
	"I guess that all right.  But you know you
don't have to keep secrets from me, right?"
	"I know that, Sasami...AUNTIE Sasami."
	Sasami smiled at that.
	"Hey, where's Ryoko?" she questioned.
	Ryoko came down the stairs.  "Hey, I don't 
feel so good..." she ran to the bathroom.
	There came much sounds of distress as she was
sick.  She stepped out looking a bit under the weather.
"Hey mom, what's wrong with me?" she questioned.
	Washu had a quick look at her, and brought
out her holo-top to have a look.  "Well I'll be 
damned."
	"What?" questioned four people, plus Tenchi,
who had just came down the stairs.
	"Ryoko's pregnant."
	Tenchi's eyes widened for a mere moment before
he blacked out.  So did Ryoko.  "He's unconscious
again..But hey!  I'm an aunt again!" said Sasami.
	Nobuyuki walked in and found out the great
news.  He would've patted Tenchi on the back again,
except for the fact that his son was requiring
resucitation right now.  Katsuhito started to chuckle,
and then outright laughed.  "Oh, what surprises life
can bring!" he sighed.  That week went by, or at least
would have went by uneventfully, except for the fact
that Ryoko tried to make love with Tenchi.  But Tenchi
wouldn't have it, not in the condition she was in.
	Tenchi was shook awake by Nobuyuki on the 
seventh day.  "She's giving birth!!" he yelled.  This
was more than enough to get Tenchi out of bed.  They
both ran into Washu's lab.  Tenchi stayed at Ryoko's
side.  She took his hand, and with every contraction,
she screamed, and so did Tenchi, as she smashed and 
mangled his hand into powder.  
	After Washu had delivered the child, she 
immediately went to Tenchi to heal his destroyed
hand.  Ryoko held her child, her hair plastered
to her forehead with sweat.  She sighed, and looked
at her baby with happiness and contentment in her
heart.  Tenchi came back to her side, his hand bandaged
but otherwise fine.  "Ryoko..." Tenchi kissed her.
"So," started Ryoko.  "What do we name her?"
	"That's a good question."
=======================================================
Well, this time, I have a request to make.  I need 
someone to help me think of a name for Tenchi's child.
Well, e-mail me (cubone41@yahoo.com) with your input.
	