Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi muyo or any of the
other things affilitated with it. I dunno, just 
don't sue me, okay?  I ain't got no cash.

	The Masaki Family Line-Part six
	by Argus Cromwell
	a.k.a. Dade Gifford

	Tenchi awoke to the sounds of crying.  He
listened quietly as Achika Masaki cried herself
back into slumber.  Tenchi sat up from his bed,
and looked over at the cradle that Nobuyuki had
created for Achika, and placed in Tenchi's room.
Ryoko snored softly to his left, Aeka to his right.
Tenchi got up, and then it hit him.  
	<Today is Sasami's Birthday!>
	He didn't have anything for her.  He'd 
forgotten to get some gifts.  That thought weighed
on him as morning advanced.  He looked at the 
alarm clock.  4:00 AM.  He sighed.  There was no
way he could go into town right now.  He finalized
that he would take Sasami to the mall, and let 
her pick out something.  It kinda cut out on the
surprise factor, but it was the best he could do
on short notice.
	Aeka woke up.  "Ten-chan?" she questioned.
	"Yes?"
	"Oh.  Um, Tenchi...Ohh...I don't feel so
good..."
	Aeka got up as quietly and as quickly as
she could, and ran for the bathroom.  Tenchi heard
some muffled sounds of sickness.  <Ah, the joys
of pregnancy,> he thought.  Ryoko only had to
do that a couple of times, but that might be 
because she has a gestation period of about one
week.
	Aeka had been showing a little more.  Her
stomach was just a little convex where it had 
normally been tight.  Tenchi sat at the edge of
the bed.  He just had to confess to someone.  
And Aeka was his best bet, given the situation.
Soon enough, Aeka came through the door.  
	She looked a little green.
	"Good morning, Ten-chan..  I'm sorry
for the...interruption.."
	"Oh no, no problem at all.  I was just
going to tell you something, as a matter of
fact."
	"Yes?"
	"Well, I forgot to get Sasami a gift.
I was going to take her out to the mall later
so she could pick something up of her own. 
I just feel kind of rotten for not remembering,
since I know she'd remember my birthday."
	"Oh, don't worry about it.  I'm sure
she'll appreciate the effort."
	"I hope you're right, Ae-chan."
	"Yes.  Just so you know, Sasami will
be turning a year older in just a few seconds
now.  At 4:10 AM in the morning."
	They watched the clock together.  It
hit 4:10.  Tenchi looked down at his feet for
a moment, before being startled by a loud 
noise.  It was coming from Sasami's room!
	Aeka heard it too.  She and Tenchi
flew from the room and ran down the hall.  
	As they reached the door, they could
see a bright light emanating from where
Sasami slept.  "Sasami!" yelled Aeka.
	Abruptly, the light cut off.  "Yes,
Aeka?"  Sasami sat there, holding a flashlight.
	Aeka facefaulted.  "What were you doing
that for?  And what was the noise?"
	"Well, something fell off the shelf over
there, and I got scared and pulled out the 
flashlight to see what it was."
	"You scared the daylights out of me, 
Sasami!"
	"Well, I don't have anyone in here with
me, so I keep this flashlight nearby."
	So Tenchi and Aeka left back for bed.
But Tenchi couldn't help but notice that Sasami
looked very slightly different from before.  
Nothing much, she still looked like the adorable
Sasami he always knew, but there was a little
touch of more maturity there...
	Tenchi awoke again, at 6:00.  Time to
tend the fields.  He showered and went out to
weed them, hoe them, and make sure that they
were all getting enough water.
	Sasami came down the stairs at 7:00 to
make breakfast, and a bento box to bring out
to Tenchi.  For some reason, she felt heavier
in front, like she had a light weight tied to 
her, or something.  She almost tripped a couple
of times.  Sasami was still groggy, so she 
made some hot tea to wake herself up.  She
sat there sipping at the tea.  Then she noticed
her hands.  They were bigger.
	This snapped her awake right away.  She
was no longer tired.  Sasami looked at herself.
Her hands were larger.  Her legs were longer.
Her hips were more shapely.  And her...
Sasami stared down at her breasts.  Her new,
large breasts.  They each weighed about a pound 
and a half, and pulled her forward when she
walked.  "Oh!" she yelped.
	Sasami dropped the tea and looked at 
herself.  She was still dressed in her 
nightgown, which was now much too small for her.
It barely reached over the edges of her newly
formed chest.  She ran for the room that she
and Aeka had shared, thanking whatever gods
she needed to thank that Nobuyuki hadn't been
up earlier than her.
	She found one of Aeka's robes and put
it on.  It was still tight around the chest,
though.  None of Aeka's bras fit her, because
they were much too small to fit her.  Sasami
never liked stealing, but she had to find 
some of Ryoko's bras.  They would do the 
trick, she thought.
	Sasami came out of Ryoko's stash of
lingerie with a still-too-tight bra.  Not
by much, though.  She still felt somewhat
clumsy in her new body, her new adult body.
Every few steps she almost fell over.  
Sasami blushed, thinking of what Tenchi 
would think.  
	So she continued breakfast preparation,
and hardly noticed when Ryo-ohki came in.
The little cabbit looked at Sasami, and 
Miya'ed a questioning tone.  Sasami turned
around and smiled.  "Ryo-ohki!  There you
are!  It's me, Sasami!"
	Ryo-ohki leapt onto Sasami and
sniffed her for a second.  She then licked
Sasami.  
	Sasami paused for a minute, lisening
to her own voice.  Deeper, and somewhat more
feminine.  Lord Katsuhito came in from the
shrine about an hour later, looking for some
of Sasami's world-class breakfasts.  He 
stepped into the dining room and sat across
from Sasami.  He began to drink his tea.
	"Good morning, Sasami," he said.
	"Good morning, Jiichan," she replied.
	Katsuhito's head snapped up for a 
minute, regarding Sasami.  He looked into 
his tea, looked up again, and then emptied
the cup into the sink.  He walked back into
the dining room.  When he noticed Sasami
waving at him, he ducked back into the
kitchen and pulled a small bottle from his
robes labeled "Jack Daniels" and threw
it out the window.
	Katsuhito VERY slowly stepped back
into the dining room.  There she was, again.
Slowly, unsteadily he spoke. 
	"S-sasami?"
	"Yes?" she replied.
	"Why are you wearing Aeka's robe, and
a bra that is three sizes too small?" he 
questioned.
	Sasami blushed and tried to pout
like she usually did.  It just turned into
a scowl.  "Jiichan..." she said, testily.
	Meanwhile, Aeka had just finished
worshipping at the temple of the porcelain
goddess, and shakily made her way down the
stairs.  She sat down at the table and
began to drink her tea.
	"Ohayo, Aeka!" said Sasami, cheerily.
	Aeka's eyes snapped open.  She
regarded Sasami carefully, looking her up
and down for a few minutes.  
	"Sasami, how many times have I told
you NOT to wear my robes?" she said.
	Sasami facefaulted.  "Cut it out,
Aeka," she grumbled.
	"Cut what out?  Please change into 
one of your own garments, Sasami."
	Sasami's left eyebrow twitched.
	Ryoko phased in nearby, holding
Achika in her arms.  She got a drink of 
tea.  
	"Good morning, Ryoko!" said Sasami.
	Ryoko started to reply, but then
she looked at Sasami.  
	"Hey, little girl, I don't think
that bra's your size," she said, and then 
broke out into a fit of laughter.
	Sasami groaned. 
	Tenchi came in early from yardwork.
Sasami took the food she'd packed into the
bento box and set it out for Tenchi.  Tenchi
came in and sat down.  He drank some tea.
	"Ohayo, Tenchi," said Sasami.
	"Good morn-" Tenchi looked at
Sasami.
	He then looked around at everyone 
else.  "S-sasami?" he questioned.
	"Yes?" she said.  <Finally, someone
acts like they notice!> she thought.
	"Sasami, why are you wearing Aeka's
robe?  And Ryoko's...."
	Sasami growled.  
	So she stood up to get some more tea,
and everyone saw her height.
	"Ayah!"
	"EEek!"
	"Woah!"
	"MIYA!"
	"Waugh!"
	Aeka started, "Sasami!!  What happened
to you?  Is that you?"
	"Yes, Aeka," she said, relieved. 
	"I guess Tsunami decided to assimilate
me on my birthday."
	"But you're still...you...right?"
	"Yup!  I still feel like me...sorry 
about bothering your robes, Aeka.  And Ryoko,
sorry about borrowing your bra."
	"That's MY bra?!  And it's too small?!"
	Sasami blushed.  
	Tenchi had been staring at her ever
since he noticed her height.
	Breakfast had finished with a few 
questions, like what did it feel like, what is 
it like to go from being a kid to an adult, stuff
along those lines.
	After breakfast, Tenchi had asked his 
Dad if he could take Sasami and him to the mall
to get her present.  His dad had flipped when he
saw Sasami.  But after about half an hour of 
questions, he allowed them to go.
	So Tenchi and Sasami walked around the 
mall, looking at various items in several windows.
They chanced past a new store, one that had 
come from America.  It was called Victoria's
Secret.  Tenchi blushed at looking at the 
various pieces of lingerie on open display.
	Sasami stopped by the window.  "Ah! I
know what you can get me, Tenchi!"
	They stepped inside, and Tenchi did his 
best to stay out of sight where the lingerie
was.  Sasami walked up and down the aisles,
picking out a few various pieces of skimpy 
cotton.
	Once she had what they'd came for,
Sasami and Tenchi took the items to the checkout
counter.  Tenchi paid 4,000 yen for the clothing,
and they left to find Nobuyuki.  It wasn't
hard, he was right outside staring at the 
bodystocks.
	When they got home, a surprise party
was thrown, and even Mihoshi and Kiyone came
over for it.  Kiyone did a double take.  Mihoshi
didn't notice for a solid hour.  Of course, 
many of the gifts didn't suit her, now that
she was grown.  All of the clothes that were
bought had to be returned.  
	Aeka had made a tiara for Sasami,
like she said she would.  Sasami carefully
slipped it over her head.  It still fit,
thanks to the magical wood of Funaho.  The 
whole party was going fine until Tenchi 
gave Sasami a hug and said, "happy birthday."
	After he let go of her, she felt
a stirring inside.  Sasami knew what it was.
She liked Tenchi.  At first, she moped 
knowing that she wouldn't be able to have
Tenchi for her own.  Then she thought about
it in depth.  <Well, why not?  I've got a 
grown body, now.>
	Washu popped up the stairs, and
strangely, she was the only one that knew
Sasami would be like she was.  Washu got
Sasami some of her own robes of the same
type of Juraian make.
	The day continued on as normal,
with the exception of Sasami trying to
get used to her body.  Soon enough, night
fell.  Ryoko and Aeka had gone to bed,
Aeka feeling faint from carrying the baby
around, and Ryoko still a bit tired after
giving birth not two days ago.  
	Tenchi and Sasami sat up late, 
watching some show that Sasami was 
considered old enough to watch.  She 
didn't notice it, but Tenchi was drifting
off into sleep.  He eventually fell over
to his left, and his head landed in 
Sasami's lap.  She was somewhat surprised
by this, but then began to stroke his
hair.  
	"Don't you know," she said 
softly.  "Just like all the others, I
have fallen for you, Tenchi."  She knew
he was asleep, and this was why she said
it out loud.  "And now I could show my
love for you.  But I don't know how to
approach.  What should I do?"
	Sasami mulled over these thoughts
for a moment.  Tenchi's eyes opened.  He
said, "Approach as you are, Sasami, you're 
doing fine."
	She was very startled, and she
blushed very rapidly.  Sasami felt like
she was going to cry, having said that
stuff to Tenchi.  She was just so 
embarrassed!
	Sasami covered her face in shame
with her hands.  Tenchi clasped her
wrists, and pulled her hands away from
her face.  Sasami shut her eyes, not 
wanting Tenchi to see her embarrassment.
	He kissed her.
	Sasami hadn't expected this.  The
sensation of his lips, warm and yielding,
on hers sent electric feelings up her
spine.  She didn't know how to react.  
He had initiated the kiss, so all she 
could do was respond to it in kind.
	They just sat there, kissing, for
minutes on end.  Sasami didn't want it
to end.  It seemed to her that this kiss
was her world.  She didn't know how she'd
ever lived without it.  
	Tenchi felt her kiss.  He felt 
slightly embarrassed at having kissed the
one he had once thought of as a kid 
sister, but that was different now.  She
wasn't a kid anymore, and she was never
his sister.  She was lightly caressing
him, and the way she did it said to Tenchi
that she wasn't entirely conscious of her
actions.
	The motion of their kiss rotated
them slowly down towards the couch, Tenchi
above Sasami.  She put her hands under his
shirt and caressed his muscles.  Then she
lifted his shirt off.  He was somewhat
surprised at this action.  But not to the
point where he would startle Sasami.
	Tenchi's arms moved from Sasami's
sides, till they gently touched the bottom
of Sasami's breasts.  She blushed, but 
allowed him to continue.  His hands 
traveled slowly up, till his palms brushed
against her stiff nipples.  Sasami 
shivered, but not from the cold.  She began
to unfasten her robe.  
	Sasami didn't have the complex 
amount of kimonoes and undergarments that
Aeka had.  She just had this robe, followed
by her lingerie.  Sasami pulled the straps
of her bra down, and held the cups in place
by keeping her arms firmly at her sides.
She smiled at Tenchi, and they kissed again.
	Tenchi moved to her arms and pulled
them apart.  Her bra fell away, revealing
her ample breasts.  Tenchi put his mouth
over Sasami's nipple, and moved his tongue
over it.  Sasami felt several shocks go
up her back as he did this.  He bit 
lightly at her nipple, and she gasped at
the attention he was giving her.  
	Recklessly, Sasami forced his 
pants down and off of him.  She then 
worked his boxers off.  Tenchi's 
attention snapped down to his crotch, 
paying special attention to what her touch
did to him.
	Sasami gasped as Tenchi's erection
was freed, and she looked at it for a few
moments, encompassed in his divine length.
She had never once seen a guy naked, not
even during the Summer Startica festivals.
Sasami looked at Tenchi for a minute, 
before she allowed him to edge her panties
down.
	As soon as she was naked, Tenchi
began to close the distance (albeit not
a large one) between them.  As they 
kissed, Tenchi's erection touched the
entrance to Sasami's sex.  She couldn't
resist any more, she had to take this all
the way.  
	Sasami looked Tenchi in the eyes
as she edged down, pressing his manhood
past her labia.  She gasped at this new
sensation, topping all the others she'd
yet felt.  Tenchi began to slowly enter
her.  He reached her tightness, and 
slowed his pace down.  Sasami bit her lip
as his manhood forged past her hymen, 
tearing as gently as Tenchi could manage.
	After this moment of pain, a 
wondrous, warm feeling filled her.  
Tenchi's manhood filled her entirely as
he finished thrusting in, and then began
to draw his member out.  She gasped.
	"Tennnchiii......ohhh....yes.."
	A cry escaped her lips, unable
to be stopped.  She put her hands on
his chest, as he places his on either
side of her, and started to thrust faster.
	Her breasts bobbed as he quickened,
and Tenchi just couldn't resist.  He took
one in his mouth and began to trace
circles around it with his tongue.
	Sasami's cries became faster,
her breath in quickened gasps as Tenchi
went harder, faster.  
	"Tenchi..Tenchi..Tenchi.TenchiTenchi
TenchiTenchitenchitenchitenchitenchitenchi
tenchitenchiiii!!" she cried. 
	Finally, Sasami orgasmed, leaking
her juices onto Tenchi.  It was the most
amazing feeling she had ever felt in her
entire life.  Tenchi wasn't done yet, though.
He continued to pump into her, and she 
felt the sensations building again.  
	Tenchi was nearing climax, his own
breath and Sasami's both coming quickly.
He pumped faster, and finally, his climax
overtook all thought.  
	Sasami cried out in pleasure as
Tenchi came, shooting his seed into her,
also causing her final climax.  They 
settled into each other's arms, allowing
the heat between them to die down slowly.
	Tenchi looked into her eyes as 
they kissed again.  Their lips left each
other, and Sasami said, "I love you, 
Tenchi."  Tenchi smiled and replied, "I
love you too, Sasami-chan."
	The next morning, Aeka came in
after another bout of sickness, and saw
them in each other's arms, asleep.  Instead
of being mad, she sighed at the looks of
absolute bliss on their faces, and 
remembered her nights with Tenchi, and
how they would begin again soon enough,
after her baby was born...
===========================================
So, what did you think?  I pored myself 
over this one.  I started working on it at
9:13, and it is now 11:39.  I myself was
always partial to Sasami's adult form. Yes,
she will still be called Sasami when she
changes.  I mean, she's still herself,
just older.  E-mail me with replies!
cubone41@yahoo.com