Disclaimer:I do not own Tenchi.  Pioneer
and AIC do.  Well?  What do you expect
me to say?  It's true, right?

	     The Masaki Family Line part ten
		by Argus Cromwell	
		a.k.a.Dade Gifford

	Tenchi sat at the breakfast table, 
quietly picking at his food.  After Aeka had
her child, at 12:00pm, mind you, Tenchi was
extremely exhausted.  And for some reason
after all that, Sasami had wanted him...but
Tenchi couldn't figure it out.  Oh, well.
	Katsuhito came in and calmly took
a plate.  "Well, Tenchi, I see your new son
has been born.  Well, I hope you train him
in the ways of fighting... Ee hee!" for some
reason, this was very funny to Katsuhito.
Tenchi was too tired to care at this sudden
change in character.  Katsuhito slapped 
Tenchi on the back, very hard.  Tenchi's face
slapped forward into his bowl of miso.
	Tenchi remained there for several
minutes, as Katsuhito laughed his fool head
off.  About three minutes later, bubbles 
came up in his soup.  Tenchi picked his face
up, eyes closed, still looking fatigued.  
Miso dripped from his face onto his clothes.
Katsuhito was laughing, his head down almost
under the table.  He poked his head back up,
and looked at Tenchi.  "Pfff....HAAAAAAHHAHAH
HAHAHAAAHAAHAAAAHAHAHHAAAHAHAAA!!!" he cackled.
	Slowly, deliberately, Tenchi said,
"Grandpa, are you feeling all right?"
	Tenchi's grandfather was unfortunately
occupied for several moments, and was unable to
respond to his grandchild's question.  Tenchi
sighed.  "Oh well.  Anyway grandpa, Aeka decided
she wanted to name our new boy Hazuma."
	Abruptly, he stopped laughing.  "Oh, really?
Any reason in particular for that?"
	"Not that I know of.  But I must admit, it's
a rather attractive name."
	"Yes, that is true.  And I suppose you can't
have two children named after relatives, right?"
	"Yeah.  I just wish *dad* was here to see 
this..."
	"Tenchi, he is here.  His spirit lives on
inside of you.  You know the pride he would have in
his own son.  And you know he wouldn't want you to
continue to grieve over him.  But I can understand how
hard it must be on you, to lose *both* parents."
	Tenchi could only nod.  He didn't trust that he
could speak without a crack in his voice.  He didn't 
say anything, but simply nodded.  Tenchi promply left
to get a head start on his chores.  He went out the door
quickly, not stopping to take the bento box that Sasami
offered.
	"Tenchi, here you go...Tenchi?"
	"......"
	"Hmm, what's wrong with him, jiichan?"
	"Oh, he's just sad that his father died, that's
all."
	"Oh....  I wish there was something I could
do..."
	"You could probably talk to him.  I'm sure he'd 
appreciate it."
	"You really think so?"
	"Of course."
	"Okay.  Whoops, I better bring his bento box..."
	Tenchi had just finished hoeing.  He looked at
the rising sun, and leaned on his hoe.  A lone tear
fell from his eye, until he wicked it away quickly.  
Tenchi felt shame that his emotions were taking over.  But
he knew it would come.  The time for him to take actions
over his life had come, and he knew it.  But still, he
wasn't prepared for this...
	"Tenchi!"
	Tenchi snapped out of his reverie, and turned to
see Sasami coming towards him from the house, Ryo-ohki
perched on her head.
	Tenchi cut her off.  "Um, hey...  I was wondering,
since I've never asked you before...  Do you prefer being
called Sasami or Tsunami?"
	"Tenchi, you *have* asked me before, and I told
you that I preferred Sasami.  And anyway, you're attempting
to keep me from talking to you."
	Tenchi turned away from her, scratching the back of
his head.  He was about to resume hoeing, but found that he
had already finished the entire field.  Tenchi started to
move for his shovel, so he could reestablish the irrigation
ditches that had been weathered simply by wind.  But Sasami
stepped in front of him.  "You're not going to continue
working until you talk to me, Tenchi."
	Tenchi sighed, and looked into her pink eyes, trying
to lose himself in their seemingly endless depth.  
	"Okay...." he said, reluctantly.
	"Tenchi, I understand that the death of your father
must hurt you deeply.  All I want to know is if there's 
something I can do to help."
	"Yeah...you can leave me alone for a while," he
said, harshly.  Tenchi gave up on the shovel, and instead
picked up the hose and began to water the plants, which hadn't
gotten water for a while lately.  Sasami looked at him with
anger, and then seemed to concentrate.
	Tenchi was spreading water from side to side, trying
to edge away from Sasami bit by bit.  Suddenly, dark clouds
very quickly gathered, and a heavy downpour started.  Tenchi
looked up, startled, and then turned to face Sasami, as if
to ask her why it started so quickly.  Instead, he saw that
Sasami had a faint aura around her.
	"Sasami, what are you doing?" he said, unnerved.
	"I needn't pray to Funaho for rain, Tenchi," she
said calmly.
	Tenchi stared at her for a moment, and then sat down
on the grass.  Sasami kneeled beside him. "Okay, fine.  You 
want to know how you can help, huh?" 
	Sasami nodded.
	Tenchi very quickly embraced her, and began to kiss
her deeply.  This took her largely by surprise, and she fell
over backwards.  The rain soaked Tenchi and Sasami as they 
kissed, making Sasami's kimono heavy.  Tenchi's shirt stuck
to his skin as rain ran down his sides.  They kissed for what
seemed an eternity, and yet not long enough.  The rain held
fast throughout their passion, and seemed to amplify the
mood that Tenchi held within him.  Slowly, he unfastened her
kimono, as she unbuttoned his shirt.
	Inside, Ryoko held little Achika, feeding her, and 
rocking, singing a song in another language to her.  Lord
Katsuhito had gone to the shine for something momentarily,
and Ryoko continued to feed Achika.  Washu stepped in.
	"Ryoko, daughter, have you been eating correctly?"
	Ryoko sighed.  "Of course, *mom*, do you think I 
would deprive my daughter of what she needs?"
	"Just pullin' your chain!  Ha heh ha!"
	Ryoko shook her head.  Just then, Yosho stepped 
through the doorway.  
	"Katsuhito, where's Tenchi?"
	"He's out in the fields, but I think you should
give him a bit of privacy."
	"Oh, so THAT's where Sasami's at."
	Meanwhile, Tenchi had just unfastened Sasami's
bra, and was working on her panties.  He sucked on her
nipple softly, urging moans from her.  She caressed his
hair, moaning his name.  Tenchi went from her nipple and
began to kiss her again, putting his tongue into play.
Sasami worked his thick pants off, heavy with rainwater.
At almost the same time, she got his boxers off, and
stroked him lightly.
	Tenchi rubbed the smooth skin between her legs,
and she crooned.  Tenchi, unable to contain himself any
longer, he positioned his member before her sex, and slowly
began to enter her.  Sasami cried out softly, as his manhood
pressed inside of her.  Tenchi began to work slowly, and she
panted with every drive.  The rainwater ran over their bodies,
mixing with their sweat, and cooling them...but not much.
	Tenchi looked deeply into her eyes, watching as she
closed them almost completely.  Sasami wrapped her legs behind
his back, rocking back and forth as he pumped.  Soon enough,
she began to gasp more loudly.  Tenchi worked faster, causing
her large breasts to sway.  He took one in mouth, and sucked
on it as he went.  Sasami cried out suddenly, her back
arching, lifting her off the ground.  Tenchi took hold of
her waist, just above her hips, and pumped faster.  
	Tenchi began to feel the urge for release, and for
a few moments, pumped the fastest he could muster.  Then,
relief took him, and he sighed.  Tenchi let himself fall
slowly to her right side, and caressed her.  They kissed for
a while and relaxed, letting the rain wash them clean.  After
a while, Tenchi spoke.  "I feel much better, now."
	"I'm glad there's something I could do to help you,
Ten-chan."
	Tenchi blinked.  "'Ten-chan?' Now you're starting to
sound a little like your sister."
	"Watch what you say, because I know where Aeka keeps
her whip.."
	At that, Tenchi instantly quieted.  "Okay, okay, I
give."
	Sasami put her damp clothing back on, as did Tenchi,
and since he was finished, they headed back for the house.
The rain held for another hour or so, and then stopped as 
suddenly as it had started.  Of course, Sasami and Tenchi were
home much before this.  They stepped inside, their damp shoes
making squishy noises as they walked.  Ryoko was waiting for
Tenchi as he stepped in.
	"So, Sasami, taking advantage of the fact that you
haven't gotten pregnant yet?"
	"Oh, I can prevent myself from getting pregnant.  It's
the goddess in me.  I just don't feel that I can handle the
responsibility of a child, yet."
	"Oh...well, I guess that could come in handy."
	"Yes, it sure does."
	Tenchi left the women to their conversation, as he
left to get a towel and dry clothes.  A few minutes later,
he came back holding the aforementioned.  
	"Does anybody feel like taking a soak in the onsen?"
	Sasami and Ryoko nodded, and they followed Tenchi
into the onsen, Ryoko holding Achika.  Washu spoke up from
around the corner.  "Hey, wait up!"  Tenchi opened the door
and paused, allowing the women to go in first.  He then 
stepped in, allowing the vapors warm him, and relax his so
recently tested muscles.  Sasami, Washu, and Ryoko settled
down into the water, as Tenchi disposed of his damp clothing.
	"Woo!  Take it off!  Yeah, baby!" yelled Washu, 
thrusting her fist into the air.
	Tenchi blushed, and reflexively covered himself.  
Ryoko stifled a laugh, and little Achika cooed, seeing her
mother so happy.  Ryoko handed Achika over to Washu, and
went over to Tenchi, who was now in the water.  She sat
in his lap, putting her legs over to his left.  Tenchi and
she kissed for a while.  "You know, I just realized.  It's
been a while since we last made love."
	Tenchi thought about it.  "Yeah, you're right!  ever
since Achika was born, huh?"
	Ryoko looked at him seductively.  "Ohh..." he said.
	"Go on, we don't mind," said Washu.
	Tenchi gave her a look, remembering the little...
"agreement" they'd made a while ago.  He seemed slightly
disturbed by the notion, but Ryoko didn't really care, and
she began to caress him.  Tenchi had no choice in the matter,
as Ryoko took over.  She was so full of lust as it was, that
she didn't allow for foreplay.  Tenchi was somewhat surprised,
because that had usually been Ryoko's favorite thing to do.
Sasami and Washu continued to wash, and talk over certain
events that had happened of late.  	
	It wasn't long before Tenchi had a major hard on.
Ryoko settled down onto his shaft, sinking in deeply.  She
sighed pleasureably, relishing the moment.  For her, three
months had been a terrible amount of time to go without
being with her Tenchi.  Ryoko bounced wildly on Tenchi's
lap, as he did his best to keep up with her.
	Meanwhile, Washu and Sasami continued talking as
if nothing was happening.  
	"So, Sasami...is he good?"
	"Washu!"
	"Well?"
	Sasami blushed for a minute.  "Yes, he is..."
	"I envy you.  It's been a good 16,000 years since
I'VE been with a man."
	"I don't know if Tenchi would like to share with
another of you guys.."
	"Oh, no, that's not what I was getting to..  Ha!"
	"And you were getting to...?"
	"Something completely differend than the subject
we were currently talking about."
	Sasami face-faulted.
	"Well, I was wondering if I could do a few tests
on you to determine your power."
	"I'm sorry, but I can't."
	"Well, then I guess I'll just check Tenchi.." bluffed
Washu.
	"Oh, I know you already have."
	"WHAT?!  I mean, what are you talking about?"
	"Don't feel violated, but I can read minds, now.  It
sure makes things different...  But I can tell what people
really like to eat!  I imagine it also has an adverse effect
on sex..."
	"Oh, you little hentai!  But please don't tell anyone?"
	"If I was going to tell anyone, Washu, I would've told
them a long time ago."
	"Mmm.."
	"That leads me to another question, Washu."
	"Yes?"  By now, they were struggling to understand 
each other over the cries and moans from across the bath.
	"Well, as you know, my lifespan as a goddess is
infinite.  I was wondering, is there something you can do
for Tenchi?  I know it's kind of selfish, but I don't want
to go through my life without him..."
	"Actually, if you delve deeper into your powers,
you may be the one to do that.  As for my lab equipment, I 
can only make him live longer, not immortal."
	"I suppose it doesn't do the mind good to ponder
over things that will not come to light for eons, yet.  But
does Tenchi have the lifespan of a Juraian, or an Earthling?"
	"His lifespan is actually a little longer than that
of a Juraian, because you have to add the base maximum age
for earthlings to the maximum of Juraians."
	Sasami gave a low whistle.  "Wow."  Washu nodded.
	Meanwhile, Tenchi and Ryoko were nearing climax,
panting hard, moaning.  Sasami noticed a sheen of sweat
developing on Washu's brow.
	"Um, Washu....?" she questioned, pointing to her
sweat.
	"It's our link." said Washu, simply.
	Mere moments later, Ryoko climaxed, as did Tenchi.
This caused Washu to shiver violently for a moment.  "Well,
I guess that's as close as I'll get.." she said, with a
twinge of guilt in her voice.
	Sasami patted her on the back for a moment, until
Washu regained her composure.
	After a short amount of time later, they left the
bath, feeling very refreshed (Ryoko and Tenchi especially).
Ryoko took Achika back from Washu, and went into her bedroom.
Sasami quickly went to work, preparing lunch for everyone.
	"Washu, when is my sister going to be able to come
out of your lab?" she questioned.
	"Oh, not much longer.  She *did* just give birth
yesterday.  By the way, Tenchi, did she say what she was
going to name him?"
	"Yeah, she named our son Hazuma."
	"Any reason in particular?"
	"None that I can think of.  But it's a pretty
good name, if I do say so myself."
	Sasami fixed up some ramen just the way Tenchi
liked it, along with unagi, which Tenchi also liked, and
fish tempura.  "Wow, you knew exactly what I was in the
mood for, Sasami!" he said.  "Heh.. it's just women's
intuition..." she said, innocently.
	They finished, and Tenchi helped with washing
the dishes.  Washu went into the living room, and put on
the TV.  Tenchi had noticed that lately, she seemed to
be more concentrated towards the family, and using some
inventions to help them out.  For instance, she had 
already created several toys for Achika, including a 
little stuffed crab.
	Tenchi sat next to her, as Sasami finished putting
all the dishes away.  Washu looked into his eyes, causing
Tenchi to fidget uncomfortably.  
	"Tenchi?" she said, a hint of loneliness in her
voice.
	"Y-yes, Washu-chan?"
	"Well..." she shifted to face him more directly.
	"I..."  Tenchi could easily tell that she was having
trouble talking to him.
	"Washu, whatever it is, I will listen."
	"O-okay, here goes...  Tenchi, I have been feeling..
lonely, lately.  Lonely for a man."
	Tenchi gulped, and looked around nervously.  Sasami
was still occupied, Ryoko was nowhere to be seen, and Aeka
was still recooperating, with Washu's robots to tend to 
her for the time being.
	"N-now, you don't have to even answer me..."  Washu
seemed nervous, like these words she said were blades, and
as she spoke them, they turned, prepared to strike her.
	"But...  Well, I know you already have women...but..
but..." she continued to struggle.
	Tenchi felt overwhelmed with pity as he saw tears
form in her eyes.
	"I don't know, just seeing you and the rest together
seemed to amplify that...."
	"Washu, if you need some company...I'm sure I could
make an excuse, or something..."
	Washu looked up at him quickly, tears still sparkling
in her emerald eyes.  "You really think so?" she said, 
hopefully.
	"I'll try... But remember, we can't do anything...well,
physical."
	Washu seemed somewhat downtrodden at this, but perked
up quickly.  "Arigatto, Tenchi." she said, hugging him with
a strength Tenchi hadn't felt before.
	Unsteadily, he hugged her back.  
	Tenchi had a little talk with Ryoko and Sasami later,
and they didn't have a problem, just so long as nothing funny
happened.  Sasami didn't really care either way, but Ryoko
was a little perturbed.
	Tenchi arranged for the other women, minus Aeka, to
stay at the inn for a while.  It had taken some money, which
was in relatively short supply since Nobuyuki's death.  They
were to stay there for two days only, since Ryoko didn't 
trust Washu as far as she could throw her. 
	But if you take that literally, that's pretty far.
	For the first day, Washu seemed uncharacteristically
quiet, simply wanting hugs from Tenchi, and not much else.
She was a decent cook, so things went over well.  Tenchi
made sure they slept in separate beds.  But the second day..
	This day, or rather evening, 
Washu had rented a movie.  Tenchi had expected a romance, what 
with Washu's recent turn in emotion,but it was a horror movie.  
Some movie with subtitles, one fromamerica, called "Holler," or 
"Yell," or something like that.
	Washu and he cuddled up on the couch.  Tenchi was still a
little uneasy about it, but had to help her.  But the real
trouble started when Washu had asked him to toast with her.
She pulled out a cleverly hidden bottle of sake.
	"Umm...Washu, I don't think so..."
	"Oh, come on, Tenchi.  You look so nervous.  You
need to unwind.  Besides, there's no trouble with it.  Once
in a lifetime isn't going to kill you."
	Tenchi tried to think up an excuse, but couldn't.
He didn't really want to drink it, but Washu seemed insistent
on this, so he hesitantly took the bottle and poured some in
a dish.  They lifted the dishes and toasted, then drank.  
Washu smiled jovially at the resulting flush in Tenchi's face
from the alcohol.  However, he seemed to like it, a little.
It wasn't long till they were both a little soused, and 
laughing at the movie, mocking the words the americans said,
cackling at the expressions on the people's faces, and 
generally having a good time.
	"Ya know...Washu?  This stuff ain't all that bad...
I don't feel different at all, nossir..." commented Tenchi,
loudly.  
	Washu laughed, and took another slug from the bottle
she was holding.  After it was empty, she fumbled with her
holo-top, trying clumsily to hit the right keys.  After a
few minutes of trying, a hole opened in the air, and she
yanked a case of the stuff out.
	"Yayy..." slurred Tenchi.
	Washu leaned over and handed Tenchi a bottle.  But
instead, he pulled her close and fumbled his way into a 
kiss.  This sobered Washu, a little.  Enough to question
whether or not to go on with it.  Tenchi deepened the kiss,
and that was put on hold.  After a few minutes, he took
the bottle and parted.  Tenchi cracked it open, and slugged
it a few times.
	"Yer pretty sexy like that, Washu..." he drowsed.
	Washu gulped deeply at her sake, to try and wash
down any inappropriate emotions.  But they seemed simply
to grow.  And her judgement faltered, instead of sharpening.
Tenchi leaned in for another kiss, and then slugged the
bottle again.  Washu just watched him as he laughed at
something from the movie, and started to sing something
about carrots...badly.
	Washu took another slug, and allowed her brain to
cloud.  She laughed and tried to sing along with him.  Of
course, neither knew the words.  Tenchi punctuated each
line of speech with another slug of his sake.  The small
part of Washu's still conscious thoughts couldn't help
but admire his stamina, he was still slugging like he
had just started, and hadn't even tried to stop yet.
	He leaned over again and kissed her, but this
time, they fell off the couch and on top of each other.
	"I don't know where you came from, you beautiful
little elf, you...but I like your pixy drink..." said
a half-conscious Tenchi.  
	Washu was also totally out of it now, and didn't 
have any inhibitions, either.  She had an idea, though.
	"Hey, Tenchi...lez play tooth er dare.."
	"Wuzzat?"
	"I said, lez play srooth ar dere..."
	"Ohh.....you first...dare..."
	"Arite...I dare you...oof...I dare you.. to run
around outside, and to the shrine, nekkid..."
	"Sure...but I getta dare you, nex'.."
	So Tenchi stripped down, and took off out the 
door.  Washu watched him and busted a gut as he traipsed
around, naked as a jaybird, stumbling over his own feet,
and generally making a total fool of himself.  Tenchi got
back about twenty minutes later, still tripping, and then
it was his turn.  
	"Arite, Shu-shu..."
	"*gulp* shushu?"
	"I dunno, what'd I say?  Anywhatz...my dare...you
gotta do just what I did."
	"Oh...ohkay...."
	So Washu stripped and ran around like Tenchi did,
but with slightly more grace, because she could hold her
liquor better.  Tenchi stood in the door, still buck naked,
laughing at her.  After a while, Washu stumbled through the
door, running over Tenchi.  They collapsed to the ground in
a heap, laughing until they were out of breath.  Tenchi was
still slugging that sake as Washu watched, bemused.
	Then Tenchi kissed her again, and this time, he
seemed to mean it.  Washu wasn't really startled this time,
because she was basically floating in sake, everything 
abuzz.  Their hands started to wander, and Tenchi actually
dropped the sake, spilling all over, getting onto each 
other.
	Tenchi tousled Washu's hair, as his hands went 
exploring.  His right hand was getting a little kinky, now
that Washu thought about it...but thinking was too hard
right now, she just wanted to stop it.  Tenchi was caressing
her right breast as she tried to recall all the various
techniques for lovemaking that she had studied.  She felt
his erection touching the inside of her thigh, and then
lust overtook her.  Tenchi positioned himself in front of
her entrance, and slowly began to enter.  Washu moaned
loudly, and for a little while, that was the only sound in
Tenchi's head.  He started pumping, and was vaguely aware
of Washu's cries ringing out.  Tenchi moaned as well,
as he continued to thrust.  
	Washu clutched at his shoulders, her fingernails
digging into him.  A few minutes later, she cried out
loudly, her skin flush, the heat increasing majorly.
Tenchi was near, they both knew that, and he pumped faster.
It wasn't much longer before climax took him, and they
rested their, warmed by each other.
	*BUZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ*
	Tenchi moaned and clutched his head.  It felt as
if there were a thousand hammers pounding from the inside,
trying to get out.  Finally, he noticed the alarm, which read 
10:00 AM, and he hit it to silence it.  He spread his arms out, 
and his left one hit a soft mass.  Another moan sounded out, 
and Tenchi saw red hair come into view.  The hair was a bright 
enough color to the point that it hurt his eyes to look at it.
	For a moment, he just stared groggily.  Then it
clicked.  He was in *bed*.  With Washu.  Wait a minute,
how did he get up here in bed?  Never mind that, how did
Washu get into his bed?  Washu sat up, clutching her skull.
Then she noticed Tenchi there, too.  "Kami-sama...what have
we done?" she said.
	Tenchi looked at her questioningly.  Then they
heard the door downstairs opening...at which point, they 
panicked.  Tenchi stood up, and tripped on some sake bottles.
He crashed to the floor, and then he noticed that neither one
of their clothes were nearby.  He couldn't remember a thing,
nor could he remember where their clothes were.  Washu saw
this, and panicked.  Tenchi took a change of clothes from
his closet, and gave a shirt and some shorts he almost never
wore to Washu.  
	They both tried to sneak out of his room, but Ryoko
and Sasami were both there in a flash.  It wasn't long before
they assessed the situation, seeing Washu dressed in Tenchi's
clothes.  "N-now, it's not what you think!" he tried
pathetically.  Ryoko took a deep sniff, and said one word.
"Sake."
	Ryoko faced Washu and was about to give her best
verbal assault, when Tenchi turned her around.  "Listen,
it's not her fault, because I was the one who brought out
the sake.  I said she needed to unwind."
	Washu stared at him intensely, knowing that this
wasn't the truth.  Sasami knew, of course, but she didn't say
a thing.  First of all, she really didn't care, but also, she
knew how much trouble they would be in with Ryoko.
	"Tenchi?  You did this?  I find that hard to believe.."
she said suspiciously.
	"I know, it's not like me.  But I had to help her, 
you know."
	Ryoko looked at him with a look that oozed sarcasm, 
but she calmed.  "I'll let you two off the hook by not
asking what happened, okay?  That'll be between you two.  But
don't get used to this kind of treatment, okay?"
	Tenchi smiled.  "Thanks, Ryoko."
	"Oh, and Tenchi?"
	"Yes?"
	"You have to do that with me, sometime..."
	Tenchi facefaulted.
	Washu turned to him.  "I'm really sorry..."
	"Don't be.  I had a good time.  And besides, it helped
you out, didn't it?"
	Washu blushed and nodded.  
	"Well, that's all that really matters, then." finalized
Tenchi, giving Washu a hug.
	"Tenchi?  Thanks.  I mean, that was...magnificent.."
	"I guess you could think of it as thanks for all the
stuff you've done for us."
	"Tenchi, that more than makes up for everything I've
ever done for you guys.."
	"No, it doesn't.  You do too much for us."
	"Well, in a way, I have to thank you.  I guess that
loosened me up a little more.  Maybe now I can have a little
more fun with everyone..."
	Washu simply smiled.  Then she went into her lab, to
see if there was some experiment she needed to work on.  As
soon as she got through the door, she leaned on it, and sighed.
	"Ohh, Tenchi..." she moaned.
	Tenchi sat on the couch and sighed.  <Well, that's
FOUR women, now.  Dad, what would you think?> he thought.
	Then he smiled.  <Well, I know what you would think...>
===============================================================
Okay, I knew it's been a while since my last one, but I had to
have a christmas break too, you know.  But I made this one extra
long, to make up for it.  20% for your lost time!!
E-mail:cubone41@yahoo.com
URL:www.geocities.com/cubone41