	Disclaimer:  I do not own these characters, they are owned by Pioneer and 
such, so please don't take legal action.  This was done, as a matter of fact, 
out of appreciation of the amazing show and characters that they developed, so I 
feel it's a tribute, of sorts. 
	Yes, this is a Lemon fanfic, which means it includes explicit ideas or 
situations, so if you're too young, or just don't like this kind of stuff, don't 
read it.  REMEMBER, YOU WERE WARNED.  
Well, that was boring.
	
		Tenchi Muyo: The Masaki Family Line

				By Argus Cromwell 
				a.k.a. Dade Gifford

	
It was yet another day in the Masaki household.  As usual, Tenchi was out in the 
fields, tending to the carrots.  Ryo-ohki ran up to Tenchi with a carrot in her 
mouth.  Tenchi heard a muffled "myaa" and turned to look.
"Ryo-ohki, can't you at least wait till I've....oh, whatever."
He sighed, and carried a basket full of carrots back into the house.  As usual, 
Sasami was making lunch.  
"Ohayo, Tenchi!" she said, full of cheer.  "Oh, you can just sit those carrots 
right there," she said, indicating the table next to where she was working.
	Tenchi sniffed deeply, and decided that she must've been making Misao 
soup.  <At this time of day?  Oh well, I can't complain, because no one else can 
cook like she does...> thought Tenchi.  He sighed and flopped onto the couch.  
He then realized how he smelled, and decided to head for the onsen, towel on 
hand.  He stepped through the portal door, and removed his clothing.  He stepped 
slowly into the water, and relaxed.  <I sure am glad Washu made that gender-
sensitive door...>
	Just then, Nobuyuki walked in.
"Hi, dad," said Tenchi.  
	In a blur, Nobuyuki was on the ground, and Ryoko was inside.  Seeing this, 
Nobuyuki whipped out his camera and closed the door.  He wasn't sure what this 
was all about, and that fall had hurt, but Ryoko in the men's bath could only 
mean one thing: she was after Tenchi.  This was exactly what the camera was for.  
Ryoko dashed at Tenchi.  He didn't even get a chance to scream.  Ryoko flew on 
top of him, making a colossal splash.  They were underwater.  Nobuyuki saw some 
blood on the surface.
He smirked, remembering all those times his nose bled, until he gained more self 
control...maybe too much.
	Tenchi popped up first, gasping for air.  It seemed Ryoko momentarily 
forgot that Tenchi had to breathe.  Blood was still dripping from his nose, from 
the minute he got a good view of Ryoko's cleavage, even after she put her 
breasts on either side of his nose, so that he got poked in the eyes.
"Ryoko!  Get out!!" he said, trying to coax his nose to stop bleeding.  
	Ryoko turned, with a hurt look in her face, a look that made Tenchi feel 
guilty.  But he remained steadfast as Ryoko went through the door.  He looked at 
the blood in the water, and sighed.  He had SUCH an erection that it wasn't 
funny.  And now he had to drain the water, too.  So much for relaxation, anyway.  
His dad, sensing that Tenchi was about to ask him why he shut the door behind 
Ryoko, stealthily made his way back out.  Tenchi turned just in time to see the 
door shut.  "Nuts."
	That was the same thing on Ryoko's mind, too, as she laid on her beam, 
thinking.  <Just how much more obvious do I have to be?  Why doesn't he get the 
hint?  Can't he see how much I love him?>  
"Ryoko, dinner's ready!" Sasami called.  <Later.> she thought.
	Aeka walked in just as Ryoko phased at the table.  They glared at each 
other.  Tenchi walked in, looking a bit harassed.  
"Ohayo, Lord Tenchi!" said Aeka, rather cheerily.
"Ohayo, Aeka," said Tenchi.  He took his place at the table and picked up his 
chopsticks.
	He was just about to start eating, when he noticed Aeka and Ryoko's usual 
bickering about to start.  He cut them off at the pass.
"Now, don't you start!" he said.  They both looked rather downcast.  Again, he 
felt a pang of guilt.
<What will I do about them?  I want them to quit fighting, but I don't want to 
hurt their feelings...>
	Sasami placed a few plates of takenoko gohan.  Tenchi picked at his food 
idly, thinking about what he should do.  Ryoko shot stoic glances in Tenchi's 
direction, still feeling hurt and confused.  She ate, but still couldn't figure 
out why Tenchi didn't like her.  She'd done everything she knew of to get a 
man's attention.  And to no avail.  Maybe it was some other problem?  Maybe 
Tenchi just didn't want her?  But Ryoko refused to believe that.
	Tenchi finished first, complemented Sasami on the delicious meal as usual, 
and made a discreet exit.  As soon as he was gone, Aeka and Ryoko shot venomous 
glances at one another.  Tenchi, meanwhile, lay flat on his back in his bed.  He 
looked at the blank, nondescript ceiling, and thinking about the pangs of guilt.  
"Why can't they just get along?" he said aloud.  "That would make my choice so 
much easier."  Ryoko had been phasing through the floor, out of Tenchi's line of 
sight, when she heard this.  Coincidentally, or maybe just arranged by the 
powers that be, Aeka was passing by his room, and overheard this from Tenchi's 
room, through his thin door.  A thought burnt into her head for a minute.  <What 
if....?> she thought.  <What if we could get along?  Then, I could finally 
display my true feelings for Ten-chan.>  Ryoko, who had stopped mid-phase, was 
thinking <so THAT's his reason!  Oh why, oh why does it have to be the toughest 
thing for me to do?>  But they both vowed t!
o at least consider it.  Tenchi fell into a deep sleep, dreaming about a woman.  
A woman that was a mixture of Aeka and Ryoko.  She had violet hair that spiked 
wildly upwards.  She had a well developed bust, almost an orange-colored iris, 
and perfect complexion.  "Tenchi" she called, with a mix of both voices.  Soft, 
like Aeka's, but seductive, like Ryoko's.  Tenchi smiled in this dream.  He made 
love to the woman, who was not insistent, but not meek, either.  A very lovely 
woman.  Tenchi couldn't tell if the feelings he felt in his dream were the 
feelings one undergoes during sexual intercourse, because he didn't yet know 
them.  
	Tenchi woke up the next morning, after several dreams about the same 
woman, a mixture of Aeka and Ryoko, but each time the mixture was somewhat 
different.  He couldn't decipher what the dream meant, but he wanted the utopia 
of his dreams so badly.  He took a shower, and made his way downstairs.  Sasami 
was the only one down there.  "Hey Sasami, where's Aeka and Ryoko?"
	"I don't know, Tenchi.  Aeka wasn't there when I woke up."
	"I hope nothing bad has happened"
	"Me too"
	Tenchi feared they had gone off to fight again.  Meanwhile, Aeka and Ryoko 
were elsewhere.  
	"You heard it too?" said a surprised Aeka.
	"What do you think we should do about it?"questioned a sheepish Ryoko, who 
feared the proceedings.
	"I think if we want Tenchi as badly as we have demonstrated, then we need 
to find a way to...." Aeka just couldn't say it.  Neither could Ryoko.  "Well, I 
know I want Tenchi," finalized Ryoko.
	"As do I," said Aeka.  
	They both sat in silence for a moment, unsure as of how to proceed.  Aeka 
and Ryoko both seemed very shy at the moment, but they finally locked eyes.  
Slowly, painfully, but surely, Ryoko raised her right hand.  Aeka looked at her 
for a second, unable to do anything.  She knew her love for Tenchi was 
incredible, but this was too much.  Make friends with the demon that had plagued 
her for so long?  If Tenchi wasn't involved in this, she would have thrown that 
out as soon as it entered her mind as absurd.  Totally rediculous.  But the 
thought of Tenchi loving her openly, even if it was shared love, was just enough 
to make the thought linger in her mind.  They had both heard it, so it wasn't a 
mistake, because they both knew the exact word he had said.
	Aeka finally looked over at her, and very shakily, raised her right hand.  
It moved only very slowly at first, too slowly.  But eventually, Aeka's hand 
brushed Ryoko's.  She shivered at Ryoko's touch, like it was unclean, but to 
still her nerves, she thought of Tenchi.  She opened her eyes to see herself 
shaking Ryoko's hand.  She looked in Ryoko's eyes again, and sighed.  She knew 
it would only be a shaky friendship at first, but it would build over time.  It 
would have to build.  They went back to the house, side by side, which provided 
some difficulty in getting through the door, until Ryoko just decided to phase 
through it.  
	Tenchi saw them come through the door, side by side.  This, he knew, was 
unusual.  "Where have you been?  I've been worried."  Sasami, hearing him speak, 
looked over her shoulder.  "Aeka!  Ryoko! Are you all right?  You almost missed 
breakfast."
	"Um, Tenchi?" questioned Aeka.  "We have something to talk with you 
about."
	Tenchi looked up nervously.  "Uh, yeah, sure."
	They lead Tenchi into the den.  "Tenchi," began Ryoko.  "We heard what you 
said last night."
	Tenchi showed his surprise.  "We've decided to give it a shot.  It's not 
going to be easy, but we'll try.  For you."  Tenchi was moved, at first.  Then a 
thought clicked into his mind.  He pinched himself.  He didn't wake up.  So he 
slapped himself.  Same deal.  He refused to believe that he wasn't dreaming.  
Everything was just too unreal.  He began to see faults in this room.  Yeah, 
that couch wasn't there... was it?  He could not comprehend this.  "Why won't I 
wake up?" he said loudly.  Sweatdrops formed over Aeka and Ryoko.  "Excuse me, 
Lord Tenchi?" asked Aeka.  "You're not dreaming..." said Ryoko.  
	Tenchi looked up at them, emotion filling him.  "You mean, you're REALLY 
going to try this?  Get outta here!" said Tenchi.  "No, we're serious!" said 
Aeka.  "No, I mean, it, get outta here, I have to think this through!" said 
Tenchi.  Aeka and Ryoko face-faulted.  But they left.  Tenchi sat down, buried 
his head in his hands, and began to think.  So this is what that dream meant.  
But how?  They were mortal enemies.  
	About an hour later, Tenchi called them back into the den.  "I've thought 
this through, but still don't understand why."
	"For your love, Ten-chan," replied Aeka.  Tenchi looked thoughtful.  He 
smiled, and hugged them both.  At first, he could sense them cringe at such 
close proximity to one another, but they relaxed.  Tenchi was feeling a bit 
relieved at the thought that the fighting would end, but a little embarassed at 
his change of character, i.e., the sudden hug he gave them.  He longed for a 
mate, and he knew it, but he also knew that he loved them too much to choose 
just one.  He could now dwell in bliss, but he decided to keep an eye out, just 
in case.  Sasami saw them hugging, and joined in.  Ryo-ohki did, too.  Tenchi 
sweatdropped.  
	That night, Tenchi had the same dream, exactly the same in all respects.  
And he decided to get up and get some water.  But he found himself unable to 
move.  He opened his eyes and looked.  Not just Ryoko, but Aeka, too, were both 
in his bed, asleep and clinging to him.  His nose began to bleed.  He looked 
around for something to suppress his nosebleed, but found nothing.  He slipped 
out from under them.  He heard twin moans, and saw both of them wake up.  He 
couldn't move.  Or didn't, either one.  They looked at him and saw the 
nosebleed.  Ryoko giggled.  Aeka blushed.  Tenchi gulped.  "What about Sasami?  
He said.  "Don't worry, I explained to her that we'll be a bit....occupied 
tonight.." she said, shyly.  "So you explained...?"  "Oh, don't worry, not that 
explicitly, you naughty boy." 
	Aeka looked at him pleadingly, and Ryoko watched expectantly, waiting for 
Tenchi to come back.  Tenchi spoke.  "I'll have to ask Washu for a bigger bed."  
At this, they both smiled from ear to ear.  Tenchi settle back in bed, between 
the two of them.  His nosebleed continued, but Aeka pulled out her obi to wipe 
it with.  Her obi?  Tenchi glanced quickly at her attire.  She wasn't wearing 
anything.  Same with Ryoko, although Tenchi had grown to expect that.  Aeka 
kissed Tenchi on the lips, and backed off, blushing.  Tenchi pulled her close, 
with much hesitation, and she resumed the kiss.  <What am I doing?  He thought.  
Why do I always have to be so damn shy when these women have gone to all this 
trouble to do exactly what I always wished they had?>  He quickly moved his 
tongue onto her lips.  She gasped, and blushed ever the more.  But she continued 
as well.  Ryoko, feeling left out, began to caress Tenchi, making it clear that 
she desired him.  He pulled her in closely.
	He kissed her deeply, as Aeka moved closer to Tenchi, closer than before.  
He slipped his tongue across Ryoko's teeth, letting them hesitate on her fangs.  
She entwined her tongue with his, as Aeka slipped her hands under Tenchi's 
shirt, feeling his muscular physique.  She sighed happily, as Tenchi turned to 
meet her lips with passion.  The heat between their bodies was immense, and 
Ryoko began to remove Tenchi's clothing.  She massaged his crotch for a moment, 
relishing the touch of it, that Tenchi was letting her, not like how she always 
had to fight for it.  Tenchi let her remove his pants, while Aeka slipped his 
shirt off.  Tenchi put his right arm around Aeka and massaged her soft, silky 
breasts.  Aeka moaned and urged him on.  
	Ryoko was busy with his underwear.  She slipped them off slowly.  Tenchi 
blushed, but allowed her to continue.  His erection was very suddenly freed.  
Ryoko gasped in triumph, and kissed it on the head.  She licked it, and Tenchi 
moaned deeply in his throat.  Her tongue flicked lightly over it several times.  
She clamped her mouth over it tightly, and Tenchi sighed deeply.  Aeka was 
getting much pleasure at the hands of Tenchi, both of which were both occupied 
at the moment.  One was massaging her left breast, the other holding her 
tightly.  
	Nobuyuki, hearing these curious noises, awoke.  He listened in silence for 
a moment, then snapped fully awake.  A bright smile, as well as a tear, came 
forth onto his face.  He grasped his camcorder and snuck into the dimensional 
portal that he had Washu create about two months ago, just for such an occasion.  
He could see the outside world, but it couldn't see him.  He could step through 
walls and the like.  So he casually stepped through a few walls, and set up the 
camcorder.  He left it running there in that dimesion, facing the bed, and 
decided to give them at least some measure of privacy.  He left for bed, not 
able to contain his excitement, and his eagerness to see that video.
	Tenchi shuddered as he neared climax, Ryoko sucking noisily on his penis.  
He had begun to massage Aeka's crotch, and she was moaning ever so lightly, 
almost sounding like she was crying aloud, but from a good distance away.  
Tenchi inhaled sharply and sighed deeply as he came.  Ryoko swallowed every last 
drop of it.  Tenchi kissed Ryoko deeply, even as Aeka sat on top of him, and 
looked in his eyes eagerly.  She positioned herself over his (very) firm member, 
and began to lower herself onto it.  It split her labia, and pressed against her 
hymen.  She gasped.  But she didn't go down all the way.  
	He looked in her eyes.  She was afraid of the pain.  He looked at her with 
love, a full, passionate gaze.  She swallowed deeply and then lowered herself.  
She felt her flesh give slightly, then more, until a sharp pain filled her.  She 
bit her lip, trying not to cry out.  She lowered her self all the way, letting 
Tenchi fill her.  Tears formed at the corners of her eyes.  For the first few 
thrusts, she felt pain, but on the fourth, a warm, amazing feeling filled her.  
Tenchi's eyes widened.  She was so warm, so moist.   
	Ryoko began to feel left out.  Tenchi wasn't able to notice, because Aeka 
was bouncing lightly on him, with slight squishy noises as her lubrication 
allowed his penis to move in more quickly, more easily.  Ryoko knew her turn was 
next, regardless, but she grabbed Tenchi's left arm and guided it to her crotch.  
He noticed then, and pressed his fingers past her labia.  She sighed happily.  
Tenchi was surprised to find that she was rather tight.  Ryoko, a virgin?  That 
was almost unbelieveable.  He massaged her, brushing his fingers over her 
clitoris.  She felt every nerve in her tingle.  Aeka was bouncing faster and 
faster, her breasts bouncing, crying out loudly, in her high pitched voice. Her 
back arched, and she gushed her cum onto Tenchi.  
	Tenchi was nearing his climax, his breath coming in quick gasps, the bed 
creaking wildly.  Aeka couldn't believe that this was it, she was finally having 
Tenchi, and it was so worth the wait.  Tenchi, feeling the building excitement 
as he got closer and closer, could only wish this had happened sooner.  He cried 
out loudly, "AEKA!" as he climaxed, his cum filling her with a spreading warmth.  
Aeka cried lightly, feeling this, feeling his love for her.  Tenchi turned his 
gaze toward Ryoko, who had orgasmed several times during the course of Aeka's 
session.  He smiled, and moaned, "Ryoko.."  Aeka laid by Tenchi's side, very 
tired, and very satisfied.  The feelings were incredible.  
	Ryoko wasted no time in mounting Tenchi.  His penis tore her hymen 
violently, and she did cry out, in a mix of passion and pain.  But she had 
handled worse pain before.  She bounced wildly, urging Tenchi to go faster.  
"Yes!  Ohhh.....oh TenchiTenchiTenchiTenchiTenchi....Ahh...Ohh.." she gasped.  
She had waited for what seemed like years for this.  And it was happening.  
Tenchi massaged her breasts as she bounced, finding them irresistible.  She was 
ecstatic.  She orgasmed three times at once, gushing all the fluid she had, 
flooding his member.  "Ryoko...oh god...ryoko..."Tenchi neared his climax.  
"Ry...Ry....oh....uhnnn......RYYOOOKOOOO!!"
	She sighed, and slid off of him to his left, where she had lain before.  
Tenchi gasped for air several times, and looked at both of them.  Aeka kissed 
his cheek, and whispered, "I love you, Ten-chan..."  Ryoko licked his ear.  
Tenchi kissed Ryoko, then Aeka, and drifted off to sleep.  He had the same dream 
yet again, but it meant little compared to what had just happened.  Secretly, 
Noboyuki slinked in through his portal, and retrieved his camcorder.  He 
spirited the tape away, to keep Tenchi from finding out.  He wouldn't 
understand, anyway....
END PART ONE

So, what did you think?  Was it impressive?  I might make more parts to it, if 
anyone reads it and finds favor in it.  Respond to cubone41@yahoo.com, and tell 
me how you felt about it.  You see, I figured I wanted Tenchi to have both of 
them, and for neither to miss out on anything....  Well, anyway, tell me how you 
felt.  Thanks!
