Disclaimer:Tenchi and co do not belong to me,
they belong to Pioneer and AIC.  So please,
please don't come along and kick my dog and
cat around, okay?


		The Masaki Family Line part eight
		by Argus Cromwell
		a.k.a.Dade Gifford


	Tenchi woke up between Aeka and Ryoko.
He had been a little too shaken up to do anything
that night, and he tried to make Ryoko understand
that he just wasn't in the mood.  Aeka, having 
somewhat more of a grasp on such things, understood,
although still with a bit less enthusiasm.
	Tenchi felt a little better this morning,
but he still missed his dad.  Nobuyuki was gone,
and that was the end of it.  Tenchi couldn't help
but feel guilty for having that fight when his dad
had wanted that tape.  Right now, Tenchi was in a
more submissive mood, and probably would have said
yes, without the trouble..
	Since his bed still was small, Sasami had
to sleep on top of him, which wasn't neccessarily
a bad thing...just probably uncomfortable for her.
Well, now Tenchi had something to do today... 
Gently, he roused the sleeping princess, who was 
still sound asleep on his chest.  Sasami sat up
and looked around.  "Oh my!  I'd better go make
breakfast!" she said, and bolted from the room,
after dressing.
	Tenchi woke Aeka and Ryoko up with a 
kiss, which made him feel a little better.
<At least I know I'll have these three to be
around.  I'll never be lonely.>
	Aeka sat up.  "Good morning, Lord Ten-"
Her speech was abruptly cut off by her hand on
her mouth, and then punctuated by the sound of
her feet as she ran for the bathroom.
	<Geez,> thought Tenchi.  <Juraians must
have it tougher.  Maybe it's because of the
shortened gestation period..>
	As Aeka was away, and somewhat...occupied,
Ryoko woke up and took Achika from the crib.  She
rocked Achika for a little while, and smiled at 
Tenchi.  Tenchi took Achika for a minute, and 
looked into her eyes.  A replacement, perhaps,
for his father?  No, Achika was more than that,
to him.  She cooed and opened her eyes.  Tenchi
looked into the brown eyes of his daughter.  
	<Eyes just like me...> he thought.  Then,
Tenchi's attention was drawn to the strands of
hair on her head.  <And she has Ryoko's hair,
too.>
	Tenchi carried Achika down the stairs,
followed by Ryoko, and went into the kitchen.
Achika started crying.  "Oh, I'd better feed
her," said Ryoko.  Ryoko let Achika suckle on
her nipple as she sat and waited for Sasami
to finish breakfast.  Soon, Sasami came in with
a couple of trays with hatchou Miso.  Aeka 
joined then shortly, after leaving the bathroom.
	They sat and ate their miso, as Washu
came up in one of her rare appearances from
the lab.  Now was Tenchi's chance.  "Hey, 
um, Washu?" he said.
	Washu stared at him blankly.
	"Sorry, uh, Washu-CHAN."
	"Yes?" she said sweetly.
	"Well, I was wondering, um..could
you perhaps get us a bigger bed?"
	Washu's smile grew.  "Ohh...okayyy..
I think I could, but only for you, Tenchi."
	Tenchi began to sweat as Washu looked
at him in that special way that meant he was
going to pay for her generousity sooner or
later....  
	Ryoko, still nursing Achika, said
"Gee, thanks, *mom*, that's a great gift for
us."
	Washu nodded and smiled, saying,"Thank
you, for calling me mom!  Now all we have to
do is get you to call me mommy, just the way 
that Aeka does when she sees Misaki..."
	Aeka fumed.  "If mother were here, she
would see to your little comment."
	Ryoko started laughing.
	After breakfast, Tenchi went back to his
usual morning routine of tending to the carrots.
<This batch ought to be ready soon,> thought 
Tenchi.  Ryo-ohki came up next to Tenchi with
a questioning meow.  "Not yet, Ryo-ohki, but
soon," he replied.  Ryo-ohki happily meowed, and
went back inside.  Tenchi sighed and mopped his
brow after he'd finished.  He was walking back
to the house, when he was suddenly thrust into
shadow.
	Looking up, Tenchi saw a gigantic
cabbit-ship, and as he looked at it harder,
he noticed more detail about it.  "Nagi!" he
said, and ran as fast as he could for the house.
There was no way he was getting caught by her.
	"Shaowwww!!" cried Ken-ohki, as he
blasted the ground around Tenchi, who tripped and 
fell.  Soon enough,Nagi came out of the ship, and 
Ken-ohki transformed back into a cabbit.
	"What do you want?" said Tenchi.
	"Why, Ryoko, of course," she said, slickly.
	Tenchi growled as he stood up and ran again.
Nagi quickly caught up with him and stopped him.
	Ryoko had just finished nursing Achika,
and Ryo-ohki had come back in the house, when
they heard some loud explosions coming from down
the path, where Tenchi was.  Ryoko handed Achika
over to Washu, and Teleported out there.  Aeka
quickly followed.  And so did Sasami.
	When they got there, they saw that Nagi
had her whip wrapped around Tenchi's neck.
	"Let him GO!" screamed Ryoko.  Nagi
complied, and turned to meet her.  Ryoko, with
her three gems, had considerably more power 
than Nagi, so she was able to keep Nagi at bay
much easier.  Sasami arrived, and saw what was 
going on.
	"STOP!!!" she screamed, at the top of
her lungs.  Ryoko and Nagi, startled, stopped
quarreling.
	Sasami's eyes were glowing, and her hair
was lifting up into the air slightly.  "Leave
now, Nagi."
	Nagi was only slightly impressed by this,
and ignored her, going after the one she was here
for.  Her whip lashed out at Ryoko, who teleported
away and behind Nagi.  Ryoko struck Nagi with 
a well-aimed kick, and created her sword. 
	"I SAID STOP!" a wave of energy swept
over the area and knocked Nagi off her feet.
	Nagi was supremely surprised at this sudden
occurrence, and replied calmly, "This is between
me and Ryoko, so stay out of it."
	In response, Sasami struck Nagi down again
with another wave of energy, only this time she
flew forty feet through the air and landed roughly
on the ground.
	Tenchi was staring at Sasami's newfound
abilities, until something clicked in his head
and he remembered,<Oh yeah, she's a goddess...>
	But Nagi still wasn't easily deterred,
and she rushed Sasami, lashing out with her whip.
The whip was absorbed into a shield around Sasami,
and redirected, causing a large amount of energy
to course through Nagi.  Smoke rose from Nagi in
tiny wisps as she stood up.  Nagi turned and ran
into the forest.  She thought,<I'll return, Ryoko,
when you're less protected.>
	Ryoko started to give chase, but Tenchi 
stopped her.  
	Nagi was in the forest when Ken-ohki 
caught up with her.
	"Where were you?" she questioned.
	"Shaow shaow!" he replied.
	"Well, next time, stick around!  You can 
go after Ryo-ohki after we've beaten Ryoko!"
	"Shaow."
	Tenchi and the rest retreated back to 
the house.  Tenchi rubbed his neck where the whip
had been around him.  Sasami seemed unusually 
quiet.  Almost as if she was ashamed at having
to attack someone.  Ryoko looked a little angry,
and Aeka did, too.  Ryo-ohki came running up to
them with a questioning, "myaa?"
	Ryoko replied, "No, I'm not going to tell
you where that Ken-ohki went.  I forbid you from
seeing him!  Just stay away."
	"MYAA!" refused Ryo-ohki, and ran down
the path after him.  
	Ryoko concentrated, and Ryo-ohki came
back, looking downtrodden.  "miyaaaaa.." she
whimpered.  
	"Look, I'm sure there are better guys 
than that around.  Just because he's the only
one you've seen since you've gotten here doesn't
mean you gotta chase him."
	Ryo-ohki jumped up on Sasami's shoulder,
miyaing plaintively.  Sasami petted the cabbit,
trying to comfort it.  "Don't worry Ryo-ohki,"
she said.  "You'll get him someday."
	Back inside, they found Nagi, much to
their surprise, threatening their baby.  
	"Now, Ryoko, fight me or your precious
little baby dies," she said.
	A vein popped up on Tenchi's forehead.
	"You...leave...Achika...ALONE!!!"
	Tenchi's anger caused him to form the Light
Hawk Wings.  Nagi was ultimately surprised at 
this turn of events.  "Now now, I will fight Ryoko,
not you."
	"The hell you won't," he replied.
	Tenchi held his Light Hawk Sword at Nagi's
throat as Washu, who had been knocked out, came
to and took Achika from her.  Nagi brought out her
energy whip and swung it at Tenchi, but it was
destroyed on the Light Hawk sword.  Tenchi slashed
with the sword at Nagi, but she leapt back.  He
rushed at her slashing, and she kept leaping back.
This made Tenchi madder and madder, and he slashed
faster.
	On Nagi's next backflip, the sword caught
her in the heel, and she fell to the ground, gasping.
	"Never threaten my family," said Tenchi, 
who then took a last swing at Nagi.
	"Nooo!" screamed Nagi.  Her scream was 
coupled with another, as Sasami put up a forcefield
to block the sword from hitting Nagi.
	"Sasami..." said Tenchi, testily.
	"Never kill anyone, Tenchi.  She has done
bad things.  But we shouldn't kill her.  Let her
go."
	Tenchi sighed and extinguished the sword.
He picked up Nagi by the front of her outfit, and
said, icily, "Leave."
	Nagi ran out the door, made Ken-ohki 
transform, and left.
	"Thank you, Tenchi," said Sasami.
	Tenchi nodded, feeling somewhat defeated.
He looked up and watched as Ken-ohki became nothing
but another star in the sky, and then disappeared 
entirely.  Ryoko hugged Tenchi from behind, Aeka
hugged Tenchi from the left, and Sasami hugged him
from the right.  Tenchi sighed contentedly.
===================================================
Well, this chapter makes me have to explain something.
First of all, this is a (slight) mixture of the OAV
and the TV show.  That's why Nagi was here and able
to fight them.  Well, as always, tell me what you
think!
E-mail:cubone41@yahoo.com
URL:www.geocities.com/cubone41
