     Tenchi finally makes it back to the Masaki household, but Mayuka runs
him
over trying to greet him at the door.

Mayuka:   Daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!!  I'm so glad that daddy's back!!
Tenchi:   Ouch...  Mayuka.  You weigh a ton!
Mayuka:   Did you bring me anything, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy?!
Tenchi:   [That Mayuka is so cute...  AAAARGH!!  I'M NO PEDOPHILE!!]
          Uh...  No, I didn't.  Sorry.
Mayuka:   Awww...  Well, that's okay!  Daddy can give me something else!
          Right, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy?!! ^0^
     [SHWING!!  AAAAAHH!! NOT WITH HER!!]
Mayuka:   Oh, what a big thing you got between your legs,
          daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!! [Massages her hand over the bulge in
          his pants.]
Tenchi:   [The better to fuck your...] AAAARGH!!  No, Mayuka!  I can't...
Aw,
          fuck it!

     Tenchi's animalistic urges take over once again.  He frees his mighty
Johnson
and pounds the living daylights out of his own blood relative.  Mayuka howls
outworldishly as she feels herself get banged and filled and violated
repeatedly for
minutes on end...
     [SPLURRRTT!!]
     An uncontrollable shockwave hits Tenchi as he empties his seed into
her.
And he keeps on filling her; he's unable to stop his torrent of semen
squirting from
out of his manhood.  It ends up spilling from out of the lucious daughter's
pussy
and onto the floor.

Mayuka:   Oooooohhh...  That was the greatest, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!!
          Let's do this again and again and again and again, forever and
ever and
          ever, daddydaddydaddydaddydaddy!!

Tenchi:   I'm going to hell for this...  I just know I'm going to hell for
this...

-=**=-

 The man blinks as he goes through Shinji's discarded notes.
"Oh, what is this? a Mayuka Lemon?"
 The mans laughter can be heard miles across as he continues to make a fool
of himself.

Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo belongs to Pioneer and so does
my perverted fantasies.

CREDITS:
My most sincere adorations to Shinji Ikari the original author. Without you
I wouldn't have thought about this.
tyree3@pacbell.net

             *******************

  10-CHI CLAN "The Quickies' Directors Cut"

               Mayuka Gets it.

             *******************

 Entering the Masaki Residence Tenchi is preoccupied with finding
some solution to his problem, some way out of it.
His train of thought, however, is abruptly cut of as his daughter jumps him
in the empty hallway.

Mayuka: Daddy, daddy, your home I missed you so much!
Daddy!

Overbalanced by her unexpected weight Tenchi stumbles into the wall.

Tenchi: Ouch... Mayuka. You  weigh a ton!

 Tenchi sets her down, all to aware of his bulging pants.
Damnit, gotta get out of here if Mayuka notices it she will
wonder what is up with me, maybe think I  am ill or something.

Tenchi: Eh, Mayuka.. uh

Mayuka: OH, Daddy bring me present?

Mayuka sees the bulge in his pants and tries to get her hands
into his pockets.

Mayuka: Come on, daddy! I know you are hiding something.
I'm a big girl, daddy! ^.^0

Tenchi: uh, yeah.. eh look Mayuka eh.you just wait here and
I will be back with a present. Okay?

 Tenchi decides to make a run for it.
Damn these hormones, they would kill him yet one of these days.
Leaving his daughter behind with a puzzled look on her face
Tenchi runs out of the house as fast as he can, almost tripping
over his own feet. After several minutes of running he stops
exhausted, and looks at his suroundings. A cornfield, he was surounded by
kilometers after kilometers of corn. He blinks.
 A cornfield?! He couldn't remember ever seeing this field here
before, when had it been planted?
 Never mind about the cornfield, it wasn't as if it was of any real
importance he had enough on his mind alread. He had to find a present or
something for Mayuka, going back on his word was out of the question.
 Finding a present in a cornfield, no problem..
Tenchi slashes a plant causing it to fly away, when had this field been
planted? He was sure it hadn't existed before he arrived here.
 Being to caught up in his own train of thought, Tenchi doesnt notice his
attacker before its to late that is he doesn't notice her before she has her
arms tightly wrapped around him traping him in a bear hug as they both
colapses on teh ground. Ryoko?.

Mayuka: Aw, come on daddy I told you you
couldn't hide anything from me.

 Tenchi slowly gets to his feet Mayuka still clinging to him trying to get
into his pockets. His pants bulge some more.
 <Mayuka is such a sweet girl. Damnit, I wish she wasn't,
this is getting out of hand>

Tenchi: Listen here Mayuka... Hey.. HEY wha what are you doing!?!

 Mayuka had worked her way over to Tenchi's front unbuttoning his pants.
Tenchi started feeling the cold fire of his own sweat burn on his skin.

Tenchi: MAYUKA, STOP IT! WHAT ARE YOU DOING!

Mayuka: huh..?

Mayuka seems suddenly taken aback by Tenchi's shouting and a moment later
she in crouching on the ground sobbing.

Mayuka: Why are you shouting daddy? I only wanted wanted the present you
were hiding.

Tenchi: eh.. heh eh.. listen here Mayuka I .. you see uh..
<aww hell, I cant really tell her that I never had
a present after saying I did. but I cant let
this go on for much longer. the hell am I going to do?>

Mayuka looks up with expectant eyes at Tenchi, still sobbing.

Tenchi: eh.. aw DAMN!

 Tenchi falls to his knees on the ground, felling a little like sobbing
himself
 < What is wrong with me?> Seeing Mayuka's sad eyes he turns around not able
to face them.
< It's all this damn sex with the Ryoko and the others. It has finaly
screwed my mind.  I cant behave properly around girls anymore, so how am I
supposed to be a good father to my daughter?>

Mayuka: don't cry daddy..

 Mayuka strokes a tear away from his cheek he never even knew had been
there.
 < I never asked for this. All I ever wanted was a normal childhood, and a
normal life. Mayuka.. the poor girl... NO I have to be a good father to her,
I cant abandon her now.
 Maybe I can give her the happines I myself missed out on when my mother
left this world, maybe I can give my daoughter the childhood
I never had got..>

Tenchi: Mayuka.. it's my fault.. I..

 He clasps the hand she was stroking his cheek with and turns around to face
her, still on his knees.
 No she was hardly a child any more. But even if she had the age and body of
a 15-16 year old girl, mentally she was still a child.

Tenchi: .. Mayuka you know I love you I .. There
isn't any present .. I..
<I love her> That is .. <I love her... I.. >

 More cold sweat forms at the base of his neck. <This isn't right>
Mayuka had stopped to cry and instead a brilliant smile appears on her face.
< NO AAARGH I cant .. I CANT HAVE THEESE FEELINGS!
its unhealthy Damn Ryoko and the others DAMN THEM ALL!>

Mayuka: Oh, daddy I'm so happy you love me. Its
the best gift you could neverever give me!

 Tenchi feels a sudden chill as his daughter hugs him. <Nothing wrong with
her hugging me I am her father aft.. eergh..>
 As his little girl hugs him Tenchi can feel his member trying to escape,
pressing hard against Mayukas leg. <not again>
 Trying to pry her away from him as gently as he could he prayed a silent
prayer she wouldn't.. Mayuka eyes widen in surprise.

Mayuka: Daddy, you do hide something from me in your pants!

 Before her father could even start to react, one of her hands dives into
his pants. Its Tenchi's turn to make big eyes.
 Mayuka makes a repeat performance as she sees exactly what her father hid
in his pants.

Mayuka: ....!! Never knew.. What is this daddy?

 Tenchi swallows feeling the sudden urge to faint as his girl still holds
his mighty oak in her hands. <run tenchi run!> <what  with my pants down?>
 Mayuka starts to look a little pensive as he doesn't answer her.

Mayuka: Daddy don't hide anything from me you
know I don't like that..
 What is this? how come you have one and I don't?

Tenchi: uh.. <This is to much>
Mayuka.. daddy has this cause he's daddy. <phew got out of that one ok.. why
isnt she letting go?>

Mayuka: huh? But why? Explain!

 unconsciously stroking his organ, she shoots him a pleading look.

Mayuka: please? Please daddy? please?

Tenchi: Mayuka.. I ..
<I gotta get the hell outa here.. ah .. damnit if she could only stop
stroking it>
.. that is to say you eh.. you make baby's with
these <cant believe I just said that>

 Mayuka lets go of his highly aroused member and embraces him sobbing once
again.

Tenchi: Mayuka why, why are you crying?

 He strokes her hair gently trying to ignore the fact that his cock
is free and pressing against her dress, trying to ignore that his feelings
are only getting fuelled by her closeness.

Mayuka: But I want to make babies, daddy. They are so cute.

Tenchi: No Mayuka you don't understand..

Mayuka: I promise daddy I would take good care of them. I would feed them
play with them, bathe them, play with them. Please daddy I want to make
babies.

 Tenchi kisses her gently on her forehead, a fathers kiss nothing more.
Mayuka.. why did she have to make things so difficult. Damn these urges, it
was just the hormones talking.. I love his little girl and I would never do
anything to hurt her.
 She continues to cry so he kisses her on her eyelids whispering
that its alright, that she misunderstood.

Tenchi: Mayuka you can make babies .. not just the way a man does it.. in
fact.. Mayuka you are a girl.
<I am already down this path so I have to tell her the truth>
 You see babies comes from when a boy and a girl love each other.. when they
care deeply for each other.

Mayuka: I love you daddy.

Tenchi blinks. Of course, She had to say that.
Couldn't she just have kept silent?

Tenchi: No Mayuka.. not like that I, you..

Mayuka: But you said you loved me daddy?

Tenchi: Yes I love you Mayuka.. I would do anything for you .. egh  .. <
naw, placing my foot in my mouth wasn't enough,
I had to swallow my whole leg>

Mayuka: Cant you give me a baby daddy? Please? I want to make a baby!

Tenchi: uh yeah..<OO!>

Mayuka: Oh daddy You are so sweet! I could just kiss you!

Tenchi: uh speaking of which.. that's what you do.. err when you make babies
Mayuka
<ShutUP you blabbering fool, oh she is such a sweet girl>

 Mayuka kisses her father lightly on the cheek and he freezes. Mayka frowns,
and after a few seconds she kisses her frozen  father on his closed lips
instead.

Tenchi: No Mayuka..

 As he opens his mouth he gets caught up in the kiss. reacting by sheer
instinct he responds passionately. Mayuka breaks the kiss first leaving
Tenchi with a gaping mouth, panting. Shock is all that exists.
 By now Tenchi was used to pleasing the other girls, but he had never
expected that he would lock lips with his own flesh and blood. And to
Tenchi's horror he could feel deep down inside
that this was something he really wanted.
 He wanted to make his daughter happy, he wanted to give her a baby. He
wanted to have mad passionate sex with her.
 Tenchi almost throws up. This was to much.

Mayuka: mm.. I think I like kissing you daddy.

 She leans in closer with a smile on her lips and once again locks lips with
him, to Tenchi the world is a blur of contradicting emotiones. <just kill me
please!><Feels so nice..>
 Without thinking, Tenchi slips his tongue into her mouth, freezing his kid
in shock.

Mayuka: mmm .da.. mm

 Tenchi can feel Mayukas own tongue coming up to greet him.  The tongues
make acquaintance. Mayuka leans kinda drowsily against him, her hands
clutching on to his shirt, tearing at it.
 Tenchi breaks the kiss and rips his shirt off.

Tenchi: Its alright Mayuka..

 Placing one of her hands on his chest he guides it across his muscles
making circling motions. Ater a while she seems to get the genaral idea so
lets go of her hand knowing she would continue.
 She was so sweet.. so beautiful. He cupping her chin he kisses her nose,
then works his way down her neck.

Mayuka: I love you, daddy..

 Why was he doing this? he had to be sick or something, even Washuu would
agree with that if she knew what he was about to do.. what he was about to..
So he had already decided he would go through with this? Damn his luck!
 Mayuka moans slightly but not very loud as he licks her neck then continues
up her chin and around her lips. The sweetness of her naked flesh makes him
return to her mouth letting his tongue probe its interior once again.
 He traces the curve of her left ear with a finger, knowing how extra
sensitive the blood streaming into her ears had made them.
 With his other hand he works his way down her right arm, caressing her soft
skin, then griping her now slack hand and pulling it up to his chest were he
makes it
squeeze his nipple. After a moment of thought, both Tenchi's hands work
there way
to the upper front of her cotton dress. Carefully, ever so gently he
caresses
his daughters breast through the dress fabric. A slight blush appears on her
cheeks, so he lets one hand stroke her hair gently instead. Looking into her
darkly orange eyes he finds the love she has for him there, but also not so
little uncertainty and fear. Tenchi thinks that she might be mumbling
something,
but if there ever was anything there it's muffled as he closes his lips
around hers again. Tenchi slips one of the cords down her shoulder,
and is rewarded with a hard tug on his nipple that draws blood. Breaking the
kiss, he covers his injured nipple protectivly with a hand.

Tenchi: AOOUH! Mayuka.. be careful its not like you can tear at these things
without repercussions!

Mayuka: sorry daddy, I don't know why I did it.
It was like somebody else
was controlling my body...

 Tenchi frowns at this notion wondering why she couldn't say out front that
she was a bit scared.
 He moves his left hand as if to caress her cheek but instead he pulls the
other cord down and with it almost exposing one of her breast.

Tenchi: Trust me Mayuka..

 With that he pulls the upper part of her yellow dress down, exposing
Mayuka's young bosom. Of course he had seen them before, at least he thought
he had.
images of a bath, and Ryoko trying to pry his naked daughter away from him
flashes through his mind.
Strangely Tenchi had no recollection of what they had
looked like, probably because the lack of oxygen to his brain the nosebleed
had caused.
 Determined to make up for that missed opportunity Tenchi explores her
breast while he carefully touches their edges, Mayuka didn't even seem to
breath.
 Tracing inwardly his hands finds her nipples and after circling them for a
while they latch on to them, tugging gently and moving them in clockwise
circles. His little girl starts to breath again but in a kinda raged way,
like as if she had run a couple of miles or something.

Tenchi: Now just leave everything to daddy Mayuka..
<Thats it! if I'm not going to hell for what I'm about to do, I ceartanly
will go there cause of that line>

 Still playing with her nipples Tenchi leans in closer placing his head
in front of her breast and starts to lick between them. Tenchis mouth is
favoured of the delicacy of salty flesh as he lets his tongue run wild.
 Heaven.. he was in heaven.. a brief flash of hell runs through his mind
once
again but is ignored as his tongue climbs one of the hills and finds the
peek, eh, nipple.
 Letting his hand on that nipple take a hold of her waist instead, his
tongue resumes  the work. licking around the edges and down her cleavage,
after a while though, it settles to tease the tip.
Mayuka's breathing becomes even more raged and if Tenchi wasn't mistaken
maybe a little moaning?
 Tenchi's mouth closes around the nipple and he begins to suck wich makes
Mayuka moan a little higher. Yes, that's was definitely a moan that time.
With an audible pop, Tenchi lets go of her nipple feeling kinda dizzy.

Tenchi: Mayuka..

 Tenchi caresses her cheek then carefully forces her head down were she
finds his
oak fully erected, a strange look crosses her face.

Mayuka: Daddy..?

Tenchi: Mayuka, now uh.. just pretend that its a popsicle. yeah.. a
popsicle..
you do know what to AAOOWW!!! DON'T BITE MAYUKA!

Mayuka: oki, sorry daddy.

Tenchi: ah, that's better..

 A world of pleasure washes over Tenchi as his daughter, first licks around
the head of his penis and then with two hands takes the whole thing in her
mouth, eyes closed.
She makes a small sucking noise then she opens her eyes and the sucking
increases,gradually.
 Tenchi casually removes a whisker from her flushed face watching her
eyelids taking a pink color.
 He grunts, sure he could finnish this now, but then
Mayuka probably would bite in shock. Tenchi clenches his eyes then lifts her
head away with a plop.
 He could still get away, tell Mayuka that he had lost the
ability to make baby's, yes that was it.. he could.. no.. she probably would
really believe it.
 In fact she probably would ask Washuu about it telling her ab.. . Tenchi
shudders. What the hell had he gotten himself in to?
 Cupping his daughters face he looks into her now bleary eyes.

Tenchi: Mayuka.. You really want to go through with this?
I mean you .. I err..

 Respiring, his daughter peers up at him, looking more timid than ever.

Tenchi: What I am trying to say is that this isn't something you can tell
anyone
about..yah, if we are going to go through with this it has to remain our
little secret <.. ugh..>

 A pleased expression crosses Tenchis face as his little girl nods. Good, at
least one thing covered.

Tenchi: now if I could just...

 He takes a hold of the dress's waistline and pulls it down her hips,
exposing white panties, and finnishes with pulling it off her legs.
 Once again the concerned father makes its presence in Tenchi's mind as he
spreads the yellow dress on the ground as a sort of blanket for his young
daughter to lie on.
 Embracing her in a hug he guides her down onto the
blanket.

Tenchi: Comfortable?

Mayuka: Yes daddy, but why, umm am I lying down?

She tries to get up from under him, not knowing what making babies meant.

Tenchi: <the better to fuck your...> What? oh well we could do this
standing up I suppose but i've never been into that punishment thing..

Mayuka: ..Daddy?

 Tenchi shoves her back onto the blanket putting an end to her words with a
kiss.

Mayuka: mmffh!

 Keeping eyecontact to be able to see her reaction he caresses her stomach,
gently touching her belly button.
A giggle escapes her throat then another, so he ceases his kissing and works
his way down to her belly kissing gently.

Mayuka: haha stop that daddy it tickles!

Tenchi: well its an important part you see Mayuka.. in the process of making
baby's ..

Mayuka: haha well then continue on.. haha

 She covers her mouth trying to hold back her laugher as her father
continues to shower her belly with kisses, sometimes even licking around her
belly button.
 Licking and kissing her narrow waist Tenchi finds himself at the rim of her
white panties. With a finger he traces a circle around his bloodrelatives
belly button resulting in even more giggles, well as long as she is not
crying..
 White panties.. his fingers traces the skin beside the the panties rim.
 White panties, the rim decorated with an intricate pattern of small blue
flowers. No not yet..
 Tenchi's hands brushes by the panties rim and follows the curve of her
thighs down her smooth ankles instead.
 Amazed over how slender her legs are he starts to
wonder if she gets enough to eat, then realises that her body wasn't that of
a young woman, but of a young girl beginning to blossom.
 Wonder of wonders, what did I do to have the light grace me with this
wonderful gift?

Mayuka: Daddy why did you stop?

 Tenchi gets snaps back into reality. Now were had that
poem come from? what was he doing anyway.. oh yeah..
 He starts to kiss Mayukas toes and foot, getting his nosed kicked a couple
of times when uncontrollable giggles wash through her. Quickly he moves on
to
kissing her ankles instead judging them a safer pray, much safer. Damn she
was to thin!
 He kisses her kneecaps then takes a hold of each of them and spreads her
legs.

Tenchi: wonder of wonders...

 The Jurianprince strokes his daughters legs then starts to kiss her inner
thighs. Mayukas giggles dwindle.

Mayuka: feels kinda weird..

Tenchi: what was that?

Mayuka: nothing..

 Making his tongue slide against her inner thighs, Tenchi again marvels over
the taste as he lets it perform all kinds of acts.
 He sucks a bit then finds himself positioned over her panties. Carefully
Tenchi slips a thumb under each side of the panties and pulls them off inch
by
inch until he has revealed his daughters most private part, her innocence.
 He discards the panties and studies her for a while inhaling in the aroma.

Tenchi: you are so beautiful Mayuka..

 As his daughter blushes Tenchi lowers his own head, and gets a real good
look.
<Kill me><huh? what was that?>
 He licks carefully around her mound waiting for a reaction, as there is non
he contiues into phase two.
Letting out a breath he spreads her labia apart with to fingers exposing her
inner most private parts to his naked
eye.
 His tongue lingers dangerously close to her clitoris but settles down in
other territories, yet it does get a result as Mayuka arches her back at the
feeling.
 Moving his tongue around for a bit he slips a finger, or tries to slip a
finger inside her, he frowns and his other hand comes down to widen her
pussy unsuccessfully.
 <Damnit she could probally chew nails down here> having
failed drastically Tenchi decides that her clit might not be such a bad idea
after all. Was that, a giggle?

Mayuka: what are you trying to do daddy?

 Ignoring her question he starts stroking her clit gently producing a gasp
and a slight shiver.
<well atleast its better than her talking><what am I
thinking?>
 Continuing to rub her clit Tenchi starts using the old tongue also, his
other hand still trying to gain access as Mayuka grows moist. Her body
starts to quiver
more violently as Tenchi tries to focus at his task at hand.

Mayuka: uuh... what are you.. doing.. daddy?

 Tenchi penetrates her small pussy with his pinky finger.. well it was a
start.
 Every man begins small but grows with time. He widens her little pussy,
still working on her clit, and
shoves a larger finger in instead, poking and prodding her.
 The moans he had heard earlier are repeated but in a much regular interval,
now sounding kinda small.
 Tenchi smiles inwardly, this was great! He didn't really
know why he thought this was great after all she was his daughter but he
couldn't help how he felt, could he?

Tenchi: Mayuka..

 Tenchi stops rubbing her clit for a moment and raises his head watching her
ribcage rise and fall, rise and fall. In a weak tone she responds, mumbling
a yes or something.

Tenchi: I am gonna, well enter you now.. do you understand what I am saying?

Mayuka: ..no

Tenchi frowns. <ofcourse>

Tenchi: well you see err.. to be able to make babies I have to enter you. uh
here.

 He pokes a finger at her mound, never thinking what a strange scene this
was.

Mayuka: didn't you do that just now daddy?

 Tenchi sighs. Better if he showed her.

Tenchi: well there is more to it than that.. there is a slight twinge of
pain,
if I understand this correctly. Uh, you okay with that?

 He returns to to  massaging her clit, stimulating her into answering
exactly what he wanted her to say. Cause even if Mayuka had a teenage body
her maturity
was on a much lower scale and there was no way in hell she could know what
she was getting herself into.
 Crawling on top of her Tenchi spreads her legs a little further then gets
up on his knees.
 Rubbing his cock stiffer he slaps it a few times over her vagina then lets
it caress against her slit a couple of times also.
 <what ever will be will be..>
 With that song in his mind Tenchi drowns out all other sounds preparing for
impact.
 <The future is overs to..>
 One hand widening her slit he lets his other hand guide his stiff penis and
presses it against her pussy.
 The head gets through and Tenchi adds even more pressure penetrating his
daughter, reaching further into her recesses until she cries out in pain.

Mayuka: Aaha'aah! daddy you didn't say it was going to hurt this much! you
said a 'slight twinge'..

 Tenchi grimaces, okay so he had been wrong..
 But how could he have known, neither Aeka nor Mihoshi had shown this much
pain, and he knew at least that
uptight princess had been a virgin.. the hell with their pain.. what about
him?

Tenchi: Stop crying Mayuka! I thought you wanted this, I mean you did agree
didn't you? Didn't you?

 His daughter sniffles, trying not to sob. The hurt clear in her eyes as
tears licks her cheeks no matter how much she tried to stop them.

Mayuka: .. y.. yes.. I wanted to make baby's daddy.. please don't be angry..

Tenchi: That's good now wipe those tears away. That's a good girl.

 A smile creeps across his face, he was a good parent, and it was obvious
that his daughter needed a strong father figure in her life with all that
crying.
 After having made sure Mayuka had wiped her tears away, Tenchi caresses her
belly and legs but no this doesn't seem to cheer her up so he lets one again
return to stimulating her clit gently.

Tenchi: Does this feel nice when daddy does this Mayuka?
no more tears?

 Mayuka nods hesitantly, eyes a bit swollen. Ah, well he wouldn't get
anything better than that he supposed, but he could live with that.
 Moving slightly around he makes himself more comfortable and places the
hand not stimulating her, on her hip. In a jagged sort of motion he lets his
cock move out of her
just to be brought right back ever so slowly. he repeats the performance,
watching her face hesitantly for signs of tears, after all he couldn't have
her screaming like that again now could he?
 No tears, but a slight quiver of her lip, fuck it. He repeats the motion a
third time then a fourth, no the quiver was all there was, good. Tenchi
chuckles lightly.

Tenchi: Your such a good daughter Mayuka..

 The testing motions becomes more frequent until its not testing at all but
more or less regular. All is stupidity suffer sweet misery..
He increases the speed, thrusting his male organ time after time into her
small vagina making her whimper.
 Tears again start to lick her cheeks as Tenchi violates his daughter,
violates the trust that children should be able to have in their parents.

Mayuka: Daddy .. not so hard aaa..

 In his rapacious state of mind, Tenchi neither cares nor hears his
bloodrelatives cry as trickle after trickle of the red substance smears his
penis.
But he sure noticed her claws. Blood calls blood.

Tenchi: Augh! Get those claws away from me!

 Making a face he forces her arms to the ground, blood streaming from the
gashes.
 If you have ever seen a predator in action you know the smell of blood only
agitates them and makes them come on even harder, Tenchi was no exception.
 The predator lashes out against his pray, getting a chokehold on her throat
with his mouth he bends the female's arms behind her back forcing her to
submit to his
might.

Mayuka: ....g'l.. can't breath...uhh..

 Something simmers across Tenchi's iris and lets go of her throat which
produces coughing noises mixed with small rapid breaths. A smirk crosses
Tenchi's lips as her trembling increases with her strangled breaths.
 He lets his hands wander away from Mayukas arms, having had them locked
under her own body, and lets them
wander down her hips getting a firm hold then wandering underneath her
grabbing her ass instead.

Tenchi: The studded bridle on a ragged bough
Nimbly she fastens:--O, how quick is love!--
The steed is stalled up, and even now
To tie the rider she begins to prove:
Backward she push'd him, as she would be thrust,
And govern'd him in strength, though not in lust.

 The rocking motion becomes more violent as he bucks her hips while his
plunging gets harder, more blood gushing out. Time seeming to have no
substance at all as
he pounds her repeatedly, the ground shaking under his tremors power.
 Then, an all to familiar feeling makes itself known as the laws of reality
makes it presence seeming too freeze time, then he breaks.
 Wave after wave of semen floods into Mayuka as Tenchi lets the barriers he
had built up burst. His
cocktail fills her up and then some more, sowing its seeds all over the
place.
 Tenchi pulls away stumbling backwards into a half lying position watching
his daughter lie on the ground crying.
Damn her wailing, he had given her what she wanted, exactly what she wanted.
 Again a chuckle escapes his mouth, the urge wasn't gone yet.
 Pulling himself up Tenchi crawls over to Mayuka again with a grin. Hell
couldn't be that bad after all could it?
 Taking a hold on her waist and one of her legs he turns his semi-conscious
daughter around making her lie with her
stomach to the ground.

Tenchi: Bottoms up, Mayuka..

             *******************

The last lines are inserted on the sheet and the man pulls the script out
from
the typewriter. He eyes it for a couple of seconds then places it in a
folder
with the same smirk he had written Tenchi had.
Yes, poor Tenchi had never had a chance against his mighty genius, and
neither
would these poor zaps that would read this piece of shit either. Poison
there
minds with anime get them addicted, then add a little hormones and you got a
fine
stew, a fine stew indeed.
And that Tenchi was really out of character would only make his victory so
much
sweeter. He barks a laugh. morons.

BOGHADEN.

HOW FARE THEE HENTAI PERVERT?

 The voice crushes Boghadens mind as it erupts in his head, making him drop
to the floor cringing in incredible pain.
"Master my honor is yours my life is yours all of the universe is yours!"

 MY FANTASIES ARE ALWAYS THE WRONGEST BUT YOU LET YOURSELF FEEL PITHY. YOU
GAVE CREDIT TO THOSE WHO MIGHT OPPOSE ME, BOGHADEN.
LIFE IS THE WOMB FROM WHICH DEATH IS BORN.
LIFE IS THE ULTIMATE ILLUSION 'CEPT SEX.
THE ULTIMATE DERIVATIVE. THE ULTIMATE DEATH.
HOW FARE THE DREAMS OF DEATH, BOGHADEN? HAVE YOU YET INSERTED YOUR JOYSTICK
TO THE ASTRAL REALM?
HAVE THEE CONTORTED WITH ASTRAL BODIES?

 Boghaden cringes even more on the floor tears of blood streaking down his
cheeks.
" No master I was just about to when i was pulled from
my disillusion, but its quit finished, really!"
silence draps the room a couple of seconds and then
the voice returns.

 YOU HAVE FAILED ME FOR THE LAST TIME BOGHADEN.
MY FANTASIES ARE ALWAYS THE WRONGEST ONES!
MY HAND MOVES.

 Frantically clawing the carpetless floor the man yells out on desperation.
"
Mercy master, Mercy!" but there is no mercy in life. its only an illusion...

             *******************

Mommy, mommy the typewriter made me do it!
