Disclaimer:  I jus' canno' do it, Kep'in!  I dun'na 'ave th' pow'r!  The
power or finances to defend myself in court, anyways.  Yes, you can all
stop groaning now.  Pioneer LDC and AIC own all of these characters...
well... except for the ones I made up, anyways... and they *do* have
the power to sue my ass.  Let's just hope they don't notice this fic.  ^^

Forward:  I'd like to make a quick thanks to Beautiful Mirage, Beagle-san,
Dark Jezter and Zelgabunny for beta reading this fic.  Thanks a whole lot,
you guys.  I really, really appreciate it.

Quick Notice:  There will be a certain character who will make an
appearance in this chapter.  The said character's appearance will be
based on what the physical description was in the movie "Tenchi Muyo in
Love."  Just so you know.



(( Opening Theme: "Eden", by 'Sarah Brightman' ))



	**********

MEMORIES OF LIFE
Chapter 2: "Permanence"

	**********


(( Play: "Instinctive", from 'Bubblegum Crisis Tokyo 2040' ))


The darkness of the room that she lay in seemed to almost comfort the
woman.  She lay in the small room on her even smaller bed with her arm
resting on her forehead, staring up at the metallic ceiling above her.
A few strands of her dark green hair fell in front of her eyes, but
she didn't seem to notice.
	Kiyone sighed.
	<Where did they go?  What happened?  What was that message all
about?>
	Sighing once again, Kiyone fell back a little further into her
pillow as the answers that she desired refused to come.  Her many
questions and concerns fell on deaf ears, so she simply stared at
the ceiling.
	<We were there... *right* there... and then...>
	<...gone.  Completely gone.>
	Kiyone frowned as she remembered the message that had appeared
on the super computer.  <You shall be as gods.  Man is obsolete.>
	She sniffled.  <I wonder where *that* came from?  Maybe it was
a bug in the system?>
	The detective immediately shook her head in protest to her silent
thought.  <Impossible.  There's no way that the system could have been
bugged or tapped.  They change the access codes every few days, and
there are over twelve different virus regulators and scanners working
inside the database.  No one could have got in.>
	Her frowned deepened.  <But someone *did* get in.>
	Her thoughts were shattered as the door to the small dark room in
which she lay slid open with an electronic hiss, letting the dim light
from the hallway of the Yagami pour into the room.  Mihoshi stood at the
doorway with her hand on the button, and she simply stared at Kiyone.
	Her eyes were bloodshot from crying, and her face was cast in
the stone of sorrow.
	Kiyone sat up slightly.  "What is it, Mihoshi?"
	Mihoshi looked at the ground.  "Kiyone... um... can I... um..."
	Kiyone smiled softly and nodded, nodding her head to the other
small bed beside the one she lay in.  "Sure, Mihoshi.  Come on in."
	Mihoshi's lips perked up ever so slightly on the sides, and she
stepped into the dark room, the door closing behind her.  The blond
galaxy police detective sat down on the edge of the bed, and Kiyone
plopped back into her pillow.  The two of them sat/lay there in silence
for a few minutes.
	After a while of silence, Kiyone sighed.  "So, how did it go?"
	Mihoshi sniffled.  "I told them.  I told them that everyone was
gone.  They... didn't get angry.  They didn't... do anything."
	"It wasn't your fault that everyone disappeared, Mihoshi,"
Kiyone told her, "The Masaki's would never blame you for it."
	"Mayuka is gone."
	Kiyone jerked up and looked at her downcast partner.  "What?!"
	Mihoshi sniffled and nodded, her eyes not leaving the ground at
her feet.  "Grandfather said that... that... she just... vanished.  She
was in Mr. Masaki's arms one moment... and then... she... she..."
	Mihoshi stopped trying to explain, and put her hand over her eyes
as she began to cry again.  Her tears shimmered in the darkness of the
small room.
	Kiyone let out a long breath.  "What the hell... is going on?"
she muttered as she fell back into her bed, completely at a loss for
what to do, say, or feel.
	"This is all my fault," Mihoshi cried.
	"No it's not, Mihoshi.  What would give you that idea?"
	"If I was a better detective, I'd be able to--"
	"Oh, stop that!" Kiyone interjected harshly.  "You think I don't
feel somewhat inadequate about this?  You think that I feel all
spectacular that every attempt I've made to understand what the hell is
going on just left me *more* confused?  That doesn't make it my fault!"
	Kiyone looked at the sobbing woman.  "...and it doesn't make it
yours, either."
	"But Kiyone..."
	"No buts!  We're detectives, Mihoshi.  I'd like to think that
we're *good* ones, too.  We'll find them.  I *know* it."
	Mihoshi sniffled.  "Maybe *you* will."
	Kiyone frowned.  "What does that mean?"
	Mihoshi let herself drop backwards and lean over the bed as her
back rested against the cold metal wall.  "I'm awful.  I can't do any
of this."
	Kiyone arched an eyebrow as she sat up.  "This doesn't sound like
you, Mihoshi.  You've never been one for self-pity.  You've never sullied
your own record."  Kiyone snorted.  "You're the one who's always so
gung-ho about everything!"
	"But they're my friends, Kiyone... what if I... what if I let them
down?  What if I screw up like I *always* do?"
	Kiyone smiled supportively.  "Then I'll be right there to help."
	Mihoshi blinked.  "You... you mean it?"
	Kiyone grinned and nodded.  "Of course I will.  That's what
partners are for, right?"
	Mihoshi sniffled and wiped at her eyes.  "Okay, Kiyone.  Let's
find our friends.  We can do it!"
	Kiyone smiled.  "We *will* do it."


__________
**********


(( Play: "IXTL", from 'PatLabor 2' ))


"Here.  I want you to take a look at this."
	The balding man behind the desk slid the thin dossier across the
lacquered wood to the taller man.  The man who stood at the far end
of the desk was almost six feet tall.  His hair was black, and was
held straight up in long spikes.  His eyes were a dark blue.
	He picked up the dossier, and opened it.  Scanning the documents
contained within, he looked back at his senior officer.  "What the
hell is this all about?"
	The two men were in a small office.  The room was dimly lit by
an eerie red light that was in the upper far corner of the room from
the electronic door.  Both wore Galaxy Police uniforms, but ones of
different rank.
	Major Yamitski behind the desk sighed, and leaned back in his
reclining leather chair.  "It's about Detectives Kiyone Makibi and
Mihoshi Kuramitsu, Malus."
	Malus Yemen'ka wrinkled his nose as he quickly re-scanned the
documents.  "Uh... what *about* them?"
	Major Yamitski leaned forward, and crossed his fingers together
in front of his face as he looked at Malus from the tops of his eyes.
"What I'm about to tell you is classified information.  It doesn't
go past these four walls.  Understood?"
	Malus nodded, closing the dossier.  "Understood, sir."
	"At approximately 0930 hours this morning, the Galaxy Police
decoding branch received confirmation that Prometheus was activated
on board the Specially Sanctioned Ship, the Yagami.  The Yagami is
currently under the possession of one Kiyone Makibi."
	Malus blinked.  "Uhm... Prometheus... sir?"
	Major Yamitski nodded behind his white gloved hands.  "That's
correct, Lieutenant.  Prometheus.  It's an artificial intelligence
program that was created for the purpose of performing higher
processing capabilities within a single unit's Hyper Operating System.
Technical readouts and schematics, even some more advanced protocols
can be initiated with Prometheus."
	"And...?"
	"Prometheus is not to be initiated without a specific chain of
sequential codes that are to be sent to and from Galaxy Police
Headquarters and the actual vessel itself."
	Malus nodded.
	"We received no such advance that it would be activated."
	"Ah."
	"Failure to inform Headquarters of activating Prometheus can
result from anywhere from a temporary suspension of active duty, to
as much as the termination of one's GP Registration."
	Malus sighed, dropping the dossier onto the desk.  "And I take
it that you want *me* to go and investigate?"
	"That is correct," the Major confirmed, "You are to go and
meet with the Yagami and physically dissect any information on activation
from Prometheus using the Yagami's super computer."
	Malus nodded.  "Alright, then what?"
	"If it was indeed activated, you are to take Detective Makibi
into custody and bring her back here."
	Malus nodded.  "Alright, sir.  I understand."  With that, the
GPTEC turned, and began to walk out of the small, dimly red lit office.
He stopped as his hand fell to the control panel as he heard the sound
of Yamitski clearing his throat behind him.  Malus blinked, and turned
slightly.  "Sir?"
	"This is extremely classified, Yemen'ka.  You are to, under no
circumstances, tell any other officer or member of the TEC that you
are undertaking this mission.  Punishment will be brain wipe.  Understood?"
	Malus blinked.  "Uh... understood, sir.  I won't tell a soul."
	"Good.  Dismissed."
	Malus simply nodded, and opened the door, slowly shaking his head
with a befuddled expression on his face.
	<What the hell is going on?>


__________
**********


(( Play: "Earthlight", from 'Einhander' ))


The massive black ship sat in a dormant state in its designated paddock
in the TEC wing of the Galaxy Police Hanger.  The ship, known as the
'Mortiphasm', was shaped in a similar style to that of Kiyone's Yagami.
The difference was that this ship was smaller and more aerodynamic,
being thinner than the red behemoth.  It was also as black as the night
sky.
	The insignia on the nose, and the drive engines in the rear of
the Mortiphasm were the only pieces of equipment on the ship that were
not black.
	Malus scratched his eyebrow and sighed as he waited for the access
ramp for the Mortiphasm, his ship, to lower to the ground.  The massive
hanger which spanned for kilometers in all directions, up and down, side
to side, was silent.  It was after hours, and the members of the TEC were
either out on patrol, or in their dorms.
	The GPTEC.
	An abbreviation for "Galaxy Police Tactical Espionage Confederation",
was a special branch of the Galaxy Police.  While not a secret
organization by any means, the TEC was a completely legitimate and well
funded subsidiary section of the Galaxy Police which related to Internal
Affairs.  Essentially, even though the Galaxy Police were such a large
and expansive organization that was accepted as the "official" Police in
the Galaxy, there were still other, smaller law enforcement corporations.
	Often they were simply a group of security officers from a
mining colony or space station, but sometimes these corporations could
span as vast as a large populated planet.  Some people simply decide
that they will govern their own justice and administer it to themselves
as they see fit, after all.
	The TEC was the branch of the Galaxy Police which dealt with keeping
relations with these other law corporations at a maximum level of
efficiency and cooperation.  While, when all is said and done, the Galaxy
Police's word is law for the galaxy, they respected the right for
governments that wished to enforce their own sense of law and justice
for their own people.
	Often, some would be so passionate about their own stance in their
own chains of politics, that any outside interference could lead to
repercussions... even wars.
	Thus, it was the TEC that dealt with such political figure heads.
While they still resumed the right to take supreme command over any
situation, they allowed more minor illegal instigation's to be overseen
by people's own governments.
	Basically, the desk part of the job.
	However, the TEC also had another task.
	The TEC was also the branch of people within the Galaxy Police
that was responsible for monitoring other GP officers.  The Marshal
wasn't ignorant.  He knew that inner crime within the GP existed,
and desired to keep it as low as possible.
	So, in order for such a large organization to maintain stature
and not fall pray to rampant inner crime and insurrection, the TEC
was responsible for checking up on officers and making sure everything
was in order.
	Malus yawned and stretched, noticing through the slits of vision
in his fatigue that the ramp door was now ajar.  He blinked tiredly,
and began to march up the ramp.  "Damn, I'm tired..."
	The entire hanger lay in an eerie state of calm.  There was no
life other than Malus himself, and the only noise was the occasional
sound of ships automatically reconfiguring different gear and protocol
checks.  These noises were merely the sounds of sporadic gear shifts,
which sent eerie clangs throughout the massive chamber.
	Malus frowned as he finished yawning, and walked up the steps
of the ramp.  The pale blue light from the interior of his ship
gave a rather unsettling glow to his face as he stepped into the ship.
	"So then..." he mused aloud, "Are we ready to go?"
	A quick buzzing sound could be heard over the intercom, and then
an electronically automated female voice came over the COM.  "Greetings,
Lieutenant Yemen'ka.  The Mortiphasm is offline currently--"
	"Yeah, I can see that," he muttered, rolling his eyes.
	"--however the internal systems and HOS are online.  Do you wish
to embark immediately?"
	Malus shrugged, and made his way down the metal hall, towards the
bridge of his ship.  His uniform was similar to Kiyone and Mihoshi's,
only his was black, red and white.  He closed his eyes, and ran his hand
through his long, black spiky hair as he walked.  "Nah, not yet.  I'm
coming to the bridge, Leen."
	"Aye, sir," the ship's computer, Leen, intoned, shutting off
the COM system for the ship.
	Malus sighed through his nose as he scratched his neck.  <I
still don't get it.  This whole assignment is bullshit.  Why does
Detective Makibi have a Prometheus on her ship, anyways?  She's
nothing special.>
	As he pondered these things, the door to the bridge of the
Mortiphasm opened, displaying the small, yet cozy, cockpit.
	Malus let out a long breath of relief as he was finally able to get
off his feet.  He walked around the pilots chair in the small dark room,
and plopped down into it.  He propped his feet up on the dash in front of
him, and closed his eyes.
	Just at the top of the dash, where the ceiling connected with the
viewing screen, a small dome shaped AI dropped down, and then turned to
face the almost dozing Malus.
	"Shall I turn on the lights?" Leen asked.
	"Meh," was about all Malus could respond.  He felt an overwhelming
desire to sleep taking over him.
	"Where shall we be going, Lieutenant Yemen'ka?"
	Malus frowned through closed eyes, his patience for Leen wearing
thin, as he found it difficult to get some shut eye with an electronic
interface yapping away.
	Leen didn't notice.  "Lieutenant?  What is our destination?"
	Malus groaned and sighed, propping himself up properly into
the pilot's chair.  "Fine, fine.  You can be such a bitch, you know.
We're heading to... hey, Leen.  Lights."
	"Oh!" Leen exclaimed.  "My apologies, sir."  As she said this,
the once dark room brightened significantly.
	Malus nodded.  "Better.  We're heading to the Sol system."
	"Compliance," she droned, "Setting destination of the Mortiphasm
to the Sol system."
	Malus waved his hand.  "Wait a minute."
	"What is it, sir?"
	Malus took his feet off the dash, and sat up, pressing a few
buttons on the side of his pilots seat, causing the dash board to come
to life with different keypads and controls.  "I want to get some data
before we go."
	"What data do you desire, sir?"
	Malus sat back in his seat, and cracked his knuckles.  "Hmmm...
first, get me all pertinent data to one Detective Kiyone Makibi."
	"Compliance."
	As Leen droned this, her mechanical appendage which could be
considered to be a head moved upwards towards the ceiling on its
mechanical tether.  As this happened, the room dimmed again slightly,
and numerous holographic windows of information began to pop up all
over the dash and viewing screen.
	Malus blinked.  "Umm... Leen?  Give me the run down, if you
don't mind.  I'm not the mood to read *all* of this."
	"Affirmative, sir.  Where should I begin?"
	Malus looked around at the dozens of information windows, trying
to find one that he was particularly interested in.  The overwhelming
desire to sleep was still present, unfortunetly.  Finding one, he pointed.
"That one.  Give me the information on her designation to the Sol system."
	"Compliance," Leen droned, moving back down the mechanical
tether once again.  "First Class Detective Kiyone Makibi.  Stationed
to the quadrant commonly referred to as the Sol System.  Her presence
there is to be stationed with her partner, one First Class Detective
Mihoshi Kuramitsu, who was relegated to the Sol system earlier this
year."
	"Wait," Malus intervened, "Relegated?  So she was demoted?"
	"Affirmative.  First Class Detective Mihoshi Kuramitsu has
displayed valiant effort and skill in apprehending wanted felons.
However, her infamous ability to rend innumerable amount of damage
costs, freelance expenditures, inexcusable incarceration methods,
and repeated inadvertent assault battery to civilians has caused many
of the superior officers within the Galaxy Police to place her in
relegation."
	"Wait a minute.  'Inexcusable Incarceration Methods'?  What the
hell?"
	"It seems," Leen droned, her mechanical head pivoting around
its joint, "that Detective Mihoshi was engaged in combat with prisoners
on board Yukinojo.  The brig was damaged, and to accede to the realm
of expediency, in her opinion of course, she simply stored them in
the oversized overhead compartment."
	Malus yawned.  "Beautiful."
	"Shall I continue?"
	Malus shook his head, as he tiredly blinked his eyes.  "No, I'm not
interested in Detective Mihoshi's 'heroic episodes'.  I'm more concerned
with Detective Makibi and her ship."
	"The Yagami, sir."
	"Yeah," he said, nodding.  "Give me the information on that."
	Leen's mechanical appendage swiveled around in a full circle as
she droned on.  "The Yagami.  An advanced Galaxy Police Space Cruiser.
Issued to one Kiyone Makibi.  Equipped with Centaurus Drive Engines
and Phase Transition Locomotion, it is a very fast cruiser.  It is
equipped with two Hyper Operating Systems, as well as the Prometheus
protocol."
	Malus nodded, yawning once again.  "Right, I got that.  What I want
to know is *why* the Yagami has it."
	"Processing," Leen droned as she began to siphon in more and
more of the information displayed on the various screens.
	Malus sighed and rested his head against the top of his pilots
seat.  He crossed his hands behind his head, and stared at the
temperature schematics for the cockpit on the roof.  He frowned as
his thoughts began to wander.
	<Why the secrecy?  What's so important about this?>
	He replayed the demand that he had received about his silence on
the matter once again through his head.  He shivered.  <Brain Wipe.
No thanks.  I'll pass on that.>
	<What does Detective Makibi have that is so special?  Why is the
information of their whereabouts so suppressed?  Why, if they want
to forget that they exist, did they *give* them a Prometheus program?>
	Malus sighed.  "Dammit, this doesn't make any sense."
	Leen beeped.  "Information accessed.  The Yagami--"
	"Forget it," Malus waved with his hand, yawning one last time "Just
fire up the ship.  I need sleep.  I can't think when I'm this tired."
	"Affirmative, sir."
	As the Mortiphasm's drive engines began to kick to life, Malus
curled up in his chair, trying to drive the many unsolvable questions
from his mind and get some sleep.
	"Leen... lights."
	"Oh!  Sorry, sir.  Compliance."
	The lights dimmed.  Malus closed his eyes.
	<...I hate my job.>


__________
**********


(( Play: "Memoria", from 'Final Fantasy IX' ))


The thunder rumbled, creating a sickeningly ominous feel to the desolate
environment.  The sky was an ashen blue, as it was drenched with thick,
motionless clouds in all directions.  Thunder rumbled every so often in
the still of the desolation.  The ground was a scorched wasteland, the
earth itself being almost gray like a slab of stone.  The dirt was
unnourished, thus it was cracked like shattered glass in every direction.
	Tenchi stood there, looking around in awe.
	He stood in a valley, as the earth climbed up very steep all around
him, several miles away in every direction.  The sky felt very cool, yet
at the same time, almost as if it yearned for rain.
	Thunder rolled again.
	Hints of gloomy perturbed sunlight was flickering at the very
tips of the hills, yet the sky full of ash prohibited the light from
entering the valley.  It only added to the haunting calm.
	Tenchi took a slow step forward as he looked around, his shoes
making crunching noises as the cracked brittle dirt beneath his feet
shattered into smaller particles.
	He gulped as the thunder rolled once again.  "*Now* where am I?"
	<Come to me.>
	"What was that?!" Tenchi whirled around as he heard the cadaverous
whisper through the wind, but saw nothing.  His eyes darted around in
every direction in apprehension, attempting to locate the source of
the voice.
	<Come to your memories.  The memories of your soul.>
	Tenchi frowned, and called out.  "Who's there?  Where are you?"
	The thunder rumbled again, and the voice was silent.  Tenchi
could feel his fear beginning to climb into his chest and take dominion
over himself.  His knees and hands began to shake, along with his jaw.
He was glancing apprehensively throughout the valley of desolation,
yet all he saw was dark hills in the distance, the ash clouds of the
sky, and the broken earth at his feet.
	<Let your memories of your soul guide your path to salvation.>
	Tenchi closed his eyes, and tried to push out the sound of the
howling wind and the clap of thunder, and draw upon his inner
discipline.  He attempted to push his fear away, and hone in on the
voice that was echoing calmly throughout the valley.
	For a long time, Tenchi simply stood there with his eyes closed,
concentrating.  The wind continued to whip his hair and clothes around,
and the thunder continued to rumble.  All he did was concentrate.  His
breathing was slower, yet heavier.
	Eventually, he voiced a question, his eyes remaining closed.  "Where
are you?"
	<I am within your soul.  I am within your memories.>
	"Where can I find you?"
	<You wish to see me?>
	Tenchi nodded, his fists tightening in anticipation.  "Yes."
	As he spoke that word, his eyes snapped open.  The earth that was
no more than twenty feet directly in front of him began to rumble, and
then collapse.  The sound of the thunder was drowned out, as the
scorched earth was cracked and broken as a massive objected began to
protrude from beneath it.
	Tenchi tried to maintain his balance, but the force of the
expulsion from below was too powerful, and he fell onto his rear.  He
simply watched as he sat on the ground as it continued to rise.
	The object that was erecting from the ground was monolithic.
It was made of sheer black marble stone.  It ran almost forty feet
length wise, and around the same width wise.  The monolithic tower
continued to rise out of the ground, casting debris in all directions,
sending the discarded earth back to the ground whence it came.
	Eventually, the tower stopped its ascent, ending the calamity
it brought about with its genesis.  The dust from the broken earth
kicked up, and began to blow off away from Tenchi almost immediately
from the harsh wind of the valley.
	Thunder crashed once again, very loud this time, as if it was
adding to the deathly atmosphere of the tower.
	Tenchi wiped stray dirt off of his clothes, and stood up,
appraising the tower in awe.  It was completely sealed, and it had
no windows, and no doors.  It stretched nearly three hundred feet
up into the massive valley.
	Tenchi let out a long breath.  "Oookaay..."
	<I am here.>
	"Here?" Tenchi asked aloud.  "You're inside that?"
	<Above.>
	Tenchi looked up the tower.  "On top?  How am I supposed to get
to the top of this thing?"
	Thunder crashed once again, and the voice whispered through the
valley once again.  <Climb.>
	As the voice said this, the stairs appeared.  Eerie ethereal
crystal steps began to materialize at the basin of the tower.  As they
continued to manifest themselves, they began to steadily grow further
and further up the tower, climbing in a spiral motion.
	Tenchi let out a long breath.  "You... want me to take...
*those*?"
	<I am here.>
	Tenchi rolled his eyes and sighed.  "Yeah, I know that already."
	<You wish to see me.  Come to me, who is yourself.>
	Tenchi sniffled, shaking his head.  "Well... here goes nothing."
	Tenchi walked over to the crystal steps, his feet continuing to
crunch over the desolate earth.  He found himself having difficulty
walking properly, as his knees were shaking.  More than likely it was
due to the outright absurdity of the situation.
	"How did I even *get* here?" he muttered as he came up to the
very first of many steps.  He looked straight up as he stood at the
basin of the glistening black marble tower.  As the vision of the tower
ended, it was replaced by the ash blue clouds.  Letting out another
long breath, Tenchi looked at the stairs he was to use.
	They all seemed to just... float.  They defied the very laws of
physics.  They appeared to be almost transparent, and they glowed a
deep blue color.  Tenchi took in one more long breath, then spoke.
	"Well... I'm not getting any younger."
	Slowly, ever so slowly, he stepped on the first step.  His foot
didn't pass through the ethereal embodiment, rather, it seemed as
if the steps themselves were made of marble just like the tower.
Letting out a quick breath, Tenchi began to slowly ascend the steps.
He kept one hand on the tower for support the entire way, trying his
best not to look down as he climbed higher.
	He found himself almost awed as he ascended higher from the view he
was granted.  The massive valley was nothing more than a sea of
desolation.  There was no life.  No rain.  No fertile soil.  It was a
wasteland, in every means of the word.  Thunder crashed ahead, and Tenchi
heard the voice once again as he continued to climb.
	<Higher.  I am here.  I am waiting for you.>
	"I know... I'm coming."
	<Come to me.  Come and see your memories.>
	Tenchi shook his head as he grew closer to the roof of the tower.
"Doesn't anything ever make sense?"
	Eventually, after several tense moments for the young Japanese man,
he reached the top of the monolith.  His head seemed to rush with a
surge of energy as he cleared the last of the steps, and set foot onto
the stone roof.  Tenchi fell to his knees, finding it difficult to breathe
or focus.
	His vision was blurry and spotted.  Blinking many times in an attempt
to dislodge this feel of perpetuation, Tenchi shivered as the wind whipped
around at the roof.
	"Here I am."
	Tenchi stopped altogether as he heard the voice.  The voice was
coming from the center of the roof, of that he was certain.  But it was
not *where* the voice was coming from, rather *who's* voice it was.
	Slowly, Tenchi looked up and across the roof to be granted with
the vision of this mysterious persona.
	His eyes went wide when his suspicions were confirmed.
	Standing in the middle of the roof, looking back at Tenchi with
his arms crossed...
	...was Tenchi.
	Himself.
	He wore a smug yet almost sinister grin on his face, and the same
clothes that Tenchi himself wore.  The face between his nose and his
hair was completely black, cast in shadows.  His eyes could not be
seen.
	The other Tenchi smirked.  "Took you long enough."
	Tenchi let out a quick breath as he managed to wobble to his
feet.  The wind was strong at this elevation, so balance for uneasy
priest-in-training was difficult.
	Tenchi looked back at his alter ego.  "Um... I know this might
sound dumb, but..." he frowning, trying to look at the doppelganger
closer.  "Who are you?"
	The doppelganger smirked again.  "Why, I'm *you*, of course."
	Tenchi groaned, and looked straight up into the ashen sky,
shaking his head.  "Nothing.  Absolutely *nothing* makes sense anymore."
	The doppelganger smirked as he uncrossed his arms, and began
to walk towards Tenchi.  "More accurately, rather, I am your memories."
	Tenchi frowned, returning his gaze to the other Tenchi.  "My...
memories?"
	"That is correct," he said, as he stopped mere feet away from
Tenchi, "I am the you that has been lost in the stream of life.  I
am as much you as you are.  Well... I *was* you, since I am a memory.
To be the *real* you would mean that I couldn't be a *memory*, would it?"
	Tenchi let out a long breath, shaking his head.  "I don't get it."
	"Look at it this way, Tenchi," the doppelganger explained, "It's
like a prophecy."
	"Prophecy?"
	"Yeah.  A prophecy.  A prophecy is a prediction of events that
have yet to happen.  When a prophecy is fulfilled, it is no longer a
prophecy anymore, is it?"
	"I guess not."
	"It's the same with memories.  I am a memory of you, thus, I can't
be the *real* you."
	Tenchi tried to look past the shadows on this Tenchi's face, yet
they were as thick as skin.  It appeared that wherever he moved,
there was infinite shadow over his eyes.
	Doppelganger Tenchi smirked.  "To remember your life."
	Tenchi blinked.  "Uh... excuse me?"
	"Memories of Life... life is memory.  Through memories, we are
all connected."
	Tenchi frowned.  "I..."


(( Play: "Bootleg - 14", from 'Serial Experiments Lain' ))


Tenchi wasn't given a chance to finish that sentence as the doppelganger
of Tenchi disappeared.  His body almost immediately metamorphosed from flesh
into a thin gray mist, which was then carried away with the wind.
	Tenchi blinked again.  "What the..."
	Almost immediately after his own alter ego disappeared, two more
reappeared.  One to his left, one to his right.  Standing no more than
five feet away from him side by side, these apparitions of mist quickly
began to manifest themselves into fleshly bodies.  Only these ghosts
were not of Tenchi.
	To his left was Aeka, and to his right was Ryoko.
	Both looked back at him with the same empty shadow enriched faces
that the previous apparition did.  Tenchi was looking back and forth,
finding that the back of his throat was becoming increasingly dry and
that his knees were becoming exceptionably wobbly.
	Thunder crashed once more overhead.  A purple electric tendril
of lightning snaked its way across the ash blue sky, giving the tower
a quick flash of light.  The burst of electrical effervescence caused
the shadows that soaked the upper half of Aeka and Ryoko's faces' to
disappear for just a moment, and Tenchi went white as he saw what was
underneath them.
	There were no eyes.
	Underneath that cloak of shadow, were mouths, gnarled into a
scream of hate, or a scream of terror.
	It was a sight that chilled Tenchi straight to the bone, and
he felt much better once the shadow fell back over their faces.
	Tenchi stood there.  He had no idea what to say or do.
Eventually, after a few more tense moments passed, the girls spoke.
Their voices were hollow and empty, and there was no emotion behind
them.  Their voices seemed almost ravaged, as if the act of speaking
was painful.  Painful and mechanical.
	"You didn't choose," Aeka spoke.
	"We have been forsaken by you, Tenchi," Ryoko added.
	"What?" Tenchi breathed.
	"Why?  Why did you let us suffer?" Aeka asked once again.
	Thunder crashed once again before Ryoko spoke.  "Why didn't you
help us when you had the chance?  Are we too worthless in your eyes?"
	<Eyes... AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!>
	Tenchi's head snapped back as the sound of the wind screamed
through his mind, blazing through his psyche and then leaving as fast
as it appeared.  His eyes were wide, and he stared at the ground,
breathing heavily.  Tenchi looked up at the girls as he continued to
attempt to regain his breath.
	"What are you talking about?"
	"In the battle," Aeka droned on, "You could have saved us.  You
had the power to do so."
	"So why didn't you?" Ryoko finished.
	"What battle?!  What are you talking about?!"
	"Did we do something wrong?" Aeka asked.
	Ryoko continued, "What did we do?  What did we do to make you
forsake us, Tenchi?  If we could be forgiven by you, Tenchi... every
breath of our existence would be a prayer."
	Tenchi stumbled backwards, and then fell onto his rear, completely
in a daze.  He simply looked up at the sky as the thunder continued to
crash.  "WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?!" he screamed, his voiced almost
drowned out by the thunder.  "You didn't do anything!  I didn't forsake
either of you!  What did *I* do that was so horribly wrong?!"
	"You had the power.  The power to save us.  But you neglected to
use it," Aeka droned.
	Tenchi propped himself up on his elbows, and stared back at the
two girls.  "Power?  What power?"
	Ryoko continued, "To use your power, or to be used by your power is
a supposed problem of the heart.  You did not use your power to save
us.  We, who desire your heart.  Who feel as though we belong there."
	Tenchi frowned.  "I... I don't..."
	Lightning crashed once again, this time cleaving the cloudy sky
in twain, causing the light from the heaven's to pour down onto the
rooftop.  The massive blast of light annihilated the apparitions of
Ryoko and Aeka, and Tenchi felt pain beyond pain as the pure light
was decimating the entire wasteland with its brilliance.
	Tenchi opened his mouth to scream, but no sound came.  All
sense of presence within his own body had been destroyed.  Just as
he began to reach the climax of pain and oblivion within the heavenly
light, he heard the voice whisper to him, which somehow managed to
break through the tantic circle of his pain.
	"Accelerate your evolution, you who is obsolete.  Let the game
begin."


__________
**********


(( Play: "Another Arni", from 'Chrono Cross' ))


The world around him came to a crashing halt.
	Tenchi sat up quickly.  His head was spinning.  Images from the
ephemeral visitation of dreams within his mind were now flickering
and slowly fading away into nothingness.
	<What was... that?>
	Tenchi, in a sitting position, put his hand onto his forehead.
He hoped it would stop the dislocation and the sense of distortion that
plagued his thoughts and vision.
	Taking in a moment of his reality, Tenchi looked around.  He
could feel that there was no question to his presence; he was most
certainly awake.  That wasn't what surprised him.
	It was a dim register of shock compared to the recent events that
had transpired, but it was still somewhat perplexing.  Tenchi looked
around him, and his jumbled thoughts managed to hone in on one question.
	<*Now* where am I?!>
	The room was rather small.  It was by no means a containing space,
but more along the description of... cozy.  The walls were made of the
same wood of the cabin that he had entered before, and there was a small
window to his right where sunlight poured in.
	He could tell from his immediate sense of tactile contact that
he was now in a bed.  Blinking a few more times, Tenchi looked down at
the bed that he was in.
	It was a double sized bed.  The mattress on which he lay seemed
old, yet surprisingly soft and comfortable.  The sheets were as white
as the snow just outside his window.  What caught Tenchi's attention
the *most* however...
	...was who he shared his bed *with*.
	Sighing he looked at the sleeping face of the now grown up Sasami.
Her head was tilted towards his, and her lower lip hung open ever so
slightly.  Her blue hair was splashed over the pillow she lay on like a
pool of tropical water.
	To Tenchi's gratification, she was adorned in a body encompassing
white nightgown, which was evident by the cuffs that flared over her
hands as they rested on top of the sheets.
	Tenchi noticed that he too was adorned in sleepwear.
	<Well... it's better than being naked.>
	Tenchi blinked, and then frowned as another thought occurred to
him.  <*Who* dressed us and put us here?>
	Tenchi knew that he wouldn't have done anything with Sasami.  He
remembered falling asleep with her in his arms as he tried to blanket
her with the warmth that she craved.
	The youth took in a long breath as he looked up at the low
ceiling as he sorted his thoughts.
	And then he stopped.
	<Something smells *good*.>
	Tenchi blinked tiredness out of his eyes once again, and directed
his gaze across the room to the door.  He could smell scents of cinnamon,
freshly baked dough, and fish lofting through that small slab of wood.
He could also hear the sound of light chopping, and murmurs of some
people quietly chatting in the other room.
	<Could this get any more confusing?> Tenchi thought bitterly.
	Sighing, and realizing that he wasn't going to figure out anything
on his own, Tenchi slung his feet off the edge of the bed, and onto
the carpeted floor.  He wriggled his toes as if to confirm to himself
that they were there along with the rest of him. Tenchi sighed.
	<I'd better go and thank them for taking care of us, whoever they
are.  And apologize for barging in on their home without asking.>
	Tenchi felt embarrassed about that last thing, but nearly as
embarrassed as he felt when the realization that they must have stumbled
across Sasami completely naked.
	Tenchi stood, and looked down at the sleeping girl with pity in
his eyes.  <Poor Sasami.  What happened to you?  Why can't you remember
who you are?  Why are you grown up?>
	Tenchi frowned.
	<How... how do I even *know* that you're Sasami?>
	Tenchi couldn't figure that one out.  Try as he might, he didn't
know why he knew.  He just did.  He had no doubt... this was Sasami.
Maybe it was her eyes.  The way her eyes looked at him.  Maybe he knew
then.
	Maybe he was going crazy.
	Shivering as he considered that last possibility, Tenchi walked
over to the door, adorned in a pair of sweat pants and a T-shirt.
	Tenchi reached out to the wooden handle which allowed him access
to the adjacent room, but he stopped.  He closed his eyes, and took in
a deep breath.
	<Well... here goes nothing.>
	Tenchi gripped the knob tighter, and then turned it.  He then slowly
opened the door.  What he saw, he would remember until the day that he
died.
	All breath left him.  All color from his face simply drained.  His
entire body just seized up and went completely numb.  The ability to
speak or even *think* was completely lost on him in that moment that
he saw.
	Her.
	He saw *Her*.
	In the corner of the very small cabin next to the door, standing
next to the counter, quietly chopping some green onions next to a pot
of steaming water... was her.
	Achika Masaki.
	There was *no* mistaking it.
	She was appeared to be around her mid to upper twenties in years.
Her long black hair was held up by a hairpiece, and it cascaded down
her back in one long ponytail.  Her skin was the same.  Pale, yet
hauntingly beautiful.  Her movements... they were the same.  Simple
things that only a child would notice.  The way she moved, the way
she giggled when the water bubbled... it was the same.
	The *very* same.
	Her gentle brown eyes surveyed everything she did with a tempered,
silent strength.  Her lips were perked up just slightly in a bemused
smile as she continued to prepare breakfast.
	Tenchi couldn't move.  All he could do was stand, and watch as
the mother -- His Mother -- that he had lost happily make breakfast.
	Finally, his throat relaxed, and he managed to speak.  The word
he spoke accompanied the tear that fell down his cheek.  "Mother..."
	Achika blinked from her little station in the tiny kitchen and
turned to Tenchi.  She beamed a gentle smile at him.
	A smile that could shatter ice.
	"Hello there," she said, her brown eyes locking with his, "I
see that you're finally awake!"
	"U- Uh... I... I..."
	"Dear!" a muffled voice called.
	Achika turned, and answered back.  "He's awake now, honey!  Why
don't you come out and say hello!"
	Tenchi's eyes never left his mothers face as the footsteps from
the fireplace approached the small kitchen.
	"Well," the voice said, "so he is."
	Tenchi nearly died from shock.
	Now standing next to Achika, putting his arm around her waist,
was his father.  Only younger.  Much younger.  Near the same age of
Achika, Nobuyuki smiled back at Tenchi behind his thin rimmed glasses.
His face was softer.  It had no wrinkles.  It had none of its wily
premonitions that his current fathers had.  He appeared to be almost
as if he had stepped out of college, only just... older.  He certainly
didn't look it, but Tenchi could feel the aura of wisdom from the
young Nobuyuki.
	"I... I..." Tenchi stammered again, tears falling down his face.
	Achika's smile melted away, and adopted one of concern.  "Oh,
are you alright?  Are you hurt?"
	Tenchi shook his head.  "N- no..."
	<Mother... It's... It's my...>
	<Is this really her?  Are these really my parents?>
	Achika dashed over to Tenchi, her leg movement restricted by the
apron that she wore.  She took his hands in hers, and lifted them.  She
looked him straight in the eye.
	Any sort of feel of breath, or even a reservation over his own
emotions abandoned one Tenchi Masaki then.  The feel of her hands on
his, the closeness of her body, the worry in her eyes... looking straight
into his...
	It was too much.
	Far, far too much.
	Without a word, it shattered away.  Any sort of resolve or
emotional honing vanished under Achika's gaze and her touch.  Tenchi
let out a small sob, and fell onto her shoulder, crying.
	Achika was taken aback for a moment, but understood.  She closed
her eyes, and then opened them again, looking at his head buried in her
shoulder weeping with pity.  No, more like... comfort.
	Nobuyuki walked over to the two of them.  He looked at Achika.
"Is he alright, dear?"
	Achika let out a quiet breath through her nose.  "I... I think
he'll be okay, honey.  He must have had a terrible ordeal.  The poor soul.
It'll be okay.  We're here now," she said, trying to comfort Tenchi.


__________
**********


(( Play: "Hitomi's Theme", from 'Vision of Escaflowne' ))


"I'm... I'm sorry."
	Tenchi now sat on the couch.  His face was slowly returning to
its normal color, and he had stopped crying.  He sat in the middle of
the couch, directly in front of the fireplace, with Achika to his left,
and Nobuyuki to his right.
	"I..." he continued, feeling ashamed, "I... don't know what came
over me."
	"It's alright," Achika said sweetly, putting her hand on his
to comfort him.  "We all need to cry, sometimes."
	Nobuyuki nodded, resting his hand on Tenchi's shoulder.  "That's
right.  And I'm sure that you and your lady friend have been through
a terrible time."
	"That's..." Tenchi started, trying to keep his eyes off of
Achika's hand, so he wouldn't breakdown again, "That's... not it."
	"Oh?  What do you mean?" Achika asked him quizzically.
	Tenchi looked at her from the corner of his eye.  <No.  It can't
be.  It can't be *her*.  You must be dreaming.  You must be in some
sort of other dimension or something.>
	<But... but it's...>
	<No!  It can't be!  Stop it!  Stop pretending it is!>
	<But...>
	<Shut up!  Shut up!  Shut up!>
	Tenchi closed his eyes tightly.  "I... I... I'm sorry."
	Achika sighed, and squeezed his hand a little tighter.  "It's
alright.  Don't force yourself."
	Tenchi shook his head.  With his eyes closed, he spoke.  "Can
I ask you something?"
	Achika nodded.  "Of course you can."
	"This... this might sound dumb, but..." Tenchi gritted his
teeth, both dreading and anticipating the answer.  "Are... are you
my..."
	Achika looked away.  "I... I'm afraid not."
	Nobuyuki reached across Tenchi's back, and gently stroked Achika's
arm as if to comfort her.  Tenchi sighed.  He knew it was stupid.
	"I..." Achika said, looking down at her now clasped hands, "I
can't have children.  And... you're too old to be my child, even if
it were true."
	Tenchi let out a long breath.  "I know... I'm really sorry."
	"Don't worry about it," Achika murmured, her voice lost the
sweetness it once held, now replaced with a dull sorrow.
	Tenchi sighed again, and rested his head in his hands.
	<I told you.>
	<It... it could've been!  Why do you deny me hope?!>
	<...because your hope was for *nothing*.>
	"Honey," Nobuyuki said, looking down at the distressed Tenchi,
"Why don't you finish with breakfast?  I'm sure that these two could
use a good meal."
	Achika's smile returned, the seemingly out of place solemn
persona gone as soon as it had came.  "Of course, honey.  I'll finish
up right now!"
	Achika gave Tenchi's hand one last squeeze, and then bounded off
of the couch, and over to the kitchen, leaving Tenchi with Nobuyuki.
	Nobuyuki sighed.  "It'll be okay, son."
	Tenchi's eyes blinked.  "Son?  Are..."
	Nobuyuki sighed once again, shaking his head.  "I'm sorry.  Bad
choice of words on my part.  No, I'm not."
	Tenchi jerked his head away and cursed.  "I'm... so terribly
sorry for all of this.  You must think I'm crazy."
	Nobuyuki gave a half smile that Tenchi couldn't see, and didn't
answer.  Obviously, the thought had crossed his mind.
	"You see," Tenchi tried to explain, "My parents... they looked
exactly like you two."
	Nobuyuki nodded.  "I understand.  Hey... by the way, what's
your name?"
	Tenchi blinked, completely forgetting about that part.  Since
they didn't *know* him yet, he still was a complete stranger to them.
Tenchi lay back against the couch, sighing.  "My name is Tenchi.  Tenchi
Masaki."
	Nobuyuki smiled.  "I see what you mean.  Our name is Masaki, too.
I'm--"
	"I know who you are." Tenchi cut him off, his eyes focused on
the small fire in the cavity under the mantle.  "I know."
	Nobuyuki blinked.  "Oh.  Of... of course."
	Tenchi shook his head quickly.  <Idiot.  Idiot.  Idiot.>  He turned
to Nobuyuki.  "I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to sound... that is..."
	Nobuyuki smiled, and patted Tenchi on the back.  "It's quite
alright.  You're very out of sorts.  You're allowed some room to fly off
the handle."
	Tenchi smirked, but his face denied enjoyment despite the gesture.
"Still... I'm sorry."
	"Alright, alright.  I can see you're the kind who won't stop saying
that until we either tell you to can it or accept your apology.  In that
case... apology accepted."
	Tenchi smiled back at Nobuyuki as the young man offered out his
hand as a gesture of friendship.  Tenchi looked at the hand of his... no...
the hand of this man, and smiled.  He took it, and they shook.
	"It's nice to meet you, Tenchi," Nobuyuki said.  "We don't get
many visitors up here." Nobuyuki looked from side to side, then leaned in
closer to Tenchi.  "I think people are scared off by her father..."
he said, whispering that last part as he jerked his thumb in the direction
of the kitchen.
	"Hey!" Achika cried from across the room.  "I heard that, buster!"
	Nobuyuki chuckled.  "Can't get away with anything, these days."
	Tenchi felt a smile creep up on his face as he listened to Achika
giggle, and Nobuyuki chuckle beside him.  <Even if this doesn't make
sense... even if this isn't even real...>
	His smile grew.  <I like this.>
	The room slowly grew back to the sound of quiet chopping and
bubbling water, but the silence was not a representation of awkwardness
as it had been before.  It was a welcome sound.
	Tenchi leaned back, and stared into the fire.  <This feels like...>
	He sighed, almost happily.  <...like home.>
	Nobuyuki coughed as he stood from the couch.  "Well then.  We can
talk over breakfast.  Should we wake your companion?"
	Tenchi's eyes went wide and he blinked.  He'd completely
forgotten about that little detail.  "Sasami!" he blurted, standing
quickly.
	"Sasami, eh?" Nobuyuki said nodding, with his hand on his chin.
"That's a nice name."
	"It certainly is," Achika said, now looking over at the pair, "It's
very pretty, Tenchi."
	Tenchi scratched his neck.  "Uh... I guess..."
	Achika walked over towards them a few steps with the knife in
her hand.  "Um... not to pry, but... just so we don't get any accidental
mix-ups or anything..."
	Nobuyuki nodded, following the line of thought.  "Right.  So,
Tenchi?"
	"Yeah?"
	"What is your relation to Sasami?"
	Tenchi shrugged.  "It's hard to say.  She's kind of like the sister
I never had," he said, immediately frowning as to the events of just
yesterday.  Well, he *assumed* it was yesterday.  "But it's..." he
continued, still frowning, "...complicated."
	Achika tilted her head.  "Again, not to pry, but... what do you--"
	"Honey," Nobuyuki cut in grinning, "That *is* prying."
	"Hush, dear." Achika admonished.  "Is it alright if you tell us,
or would you prefer not to talk about it?"
	Tenchi sat down on the arm of the couch and thought about it.
<What should I say?  That's she's a princess of an alien empire, and
that she's also one half of a goddess?>
	<And she doesn't remember a thing.  Don't forget that.>
	<Oh yeah.  But, can I... trust them?>
	Tenchi took a quick look into Nobuyuki's and then Achika's eyes,
and he knew he could.  It was a presence that they held in their eyes.
Something that he felt akin to.  He somehow knew that while they weren't
his real parents... somehow...
	...they were still his family.
	Tenchi shrugged and sighed.  "Well, you see, it's like--"
	"Huh?  Where... where am I?"
	The conversation between the three Masaki's stopped, and all
directed their attention to the sound of the voice.  It stood at the
now ajar door to the bedroom, in the form of a nightgowned woman.  She
looked around the room with confused, yet curious, pink eyes.
	She looked at Tenchi.  Her now freckleless face adopted a warm
smile, and her eyes lit up.  "Friends?"
	Tenchi stood.  "Sasami!"


__________
**********


(( Play: "Bootleg - 9", from 'Serial Experiments Lain' ))


The cyan haired space pirate lay sprawled against the wall.  She sat
on her rear, with her back against the firm wood, and her head slightly
tilted.  Her feline amber eyes were fixated on the very location that
Tenchi had been standing in a few minutes ago.
	The orange twilight continued to pour into the abandoned Masaki
home, and everything was still eerily quiet.  Only the blue and gold
dressed demon pirate remained.
	The space in which her humble and fragile gaze was fixated on
was no longer occupied.  When that man had disappeared, so had Tenchi.
A mere illusion, Ryoko had confirmed.
	So, she sat.
	There was nothing other than that to do, after all.  Her thin,
pale lips were open ever so slightly, and her gaze and facial
expression was vacant.  Short, warm breaths emanated from the small
opening that her mouth presented.
	Her glazed eyes shimmered in the orange light of the evening.
Her chest rose and fell with much difficulty with every breath that she
took in, staring at the floorboards that had once held up her prince.
	<Tenchi...>
	Coughing, Ryoko pushed away the thoughts of her torment that
had transpired mere moments ago.  Everything that had happened was
shoved aside.  Pain was destroyed, as she forced herself to think of
but one thing.
	<Tenchi...>
	So, her soul in the state of petulance and disarray that it was
in, made one last ditch attempt.
	"Tenchi... Tenchi..." Ryoko whimpered aloud as she began to
crawl.  She forced her near limp body that was beating with agonizing
pain to fall onto the hardwood, torso down.  Then, in a state of almost
complete perpetuation, Ryoko began to crawl.
	"Tenchi..."
	Using her elbows as the sole leverage and locomotion, Ryoko began
to drag herself out from under the balcony and towards the stairs.  The
light from the front door and window continued to sift in, adding to
the haunting and almost cadaverous atmosphere of the psychological
graveyard that resembled the Masaki home.
	Grunting in pain and aggravation as Ryoko's elbows smacked against
the stairs, she continued her handicapped march across the smooth wood,
still whimpering her Tenchi's name like a mantra.
	The dead calm of the house was broken every few seconds by the
sound of blue and golden fabric being dragged across the floor.  Pictures,
doors, and even grooves in the walls and floors seemed to peer down at
Ryoko with absent eyes.  The broken woman did not notice this, however,
as she continued to push her elbows onto the floor and drag herself up
the stairs, and down the hall.
	<Tenchi... I'm coming...>
	<Maybe it's today.  Maybe this is the day.>
	Sniffling and attempting to refrain from sobbing once again, Ryoko
rounded the corner, and began to crawl towards Tenchi's room.
	<Today might be the day.  Here, in this house.  Alone.>
	<Where I am... alone.>
	<Today might be the day when I give up hope.>
	Seeing Tenchi's room grow closer, Ryoko let out a sob, and pushed
her forearms foreword.  Her pale, balmy hands came into contact with
the ground, and she used the sticky leverage of her palms to pull herself
quicker towards the object of her desires.
	<I'm... coming Tenchi.>
	<Just... please... be there for me.>
	<I...>
	<...I don't... I don't want to be alone.>
	Ryoko tears streamed down her pale face, and her vision became
blurry and distorted.  The gentle twilight of the evening sky seemed
to swirl into a varial smattering of water colors under her currently
handicapped gaze.
	Sobbing, and not caring about anything other than who she hoped
would be behind that door, Ryoko began to rise.  She pulled herself
up off of her elbows, and began to run.  Not caring to fly, not even
thinking to, she simply ran towards Tenchi's room.
	"TEEENCHIIII!!!"
	Once again, not stopping to open the door, she simply phased
through the sliding wooden obstruction.  And then stopped.  Her heart
fell.
	It was as she had left it.
	Ryoko fell to her knees, and gazed futilely out through the window
at the far end of the completely vacant room.  Evening showers of light
poured in, providing the only occupancy aside from the glistening
hardwood of the floor.
	"No... No..." Ryoko began to whisper.  "Ten... Tenchi..."
	Ryoko curled her hands into fists atop of her knees, and shut
her eyes tight, tilting her head to the side.
	"You were supposed to be *here*!  You... You weren't supposed to
leave me *alone*, Tenchi!"
	Ryoko covered her eyes as she cried.  "Where *are* you, Tenchi?
Why am I alone?  Why... why can't you *stay* with me...?"
	"Because you no longer need a body."
	Ryoko sniffled, but didn't open her eyes.  She knew the voice.  It
was the same voice as the man who had talked to her mere minutes ago.  She
drooped her head.
	"Your presence is no longer needed here, Ryoko.  That is why.
Your having a body is actually an inconvenience to many people.  More than
you know."
	The voice seemed to whisper throughout the room like a gentle
scent of the wind.  There was no embodiment through which this voice
spoke, it merely seemed to permeate from everywhere.  Regardless that it
seemed to exist in all areas of this reality, it was not a powerful
voice, but a calm, soothing, and compassionate one.
	Ryoko felt her body go limp, and she slumped over onto the
floor.  She felt the skin of her face drag across the hardwood, creating
a stinging sensation, but she didn't care.  She lay there, with her
arms limp at her sides and her vision directed straight in front of
her with her head resting against the floor.
	"It's like the cave.  All over again."
	The voice didn't respond.
	Ryoko simply gazed along the floor at the wall.  "Only... only
somehow... *worse*.  It's like I'm free, only I'm... not.  Like I'm
trapped inside my own feelings, somehow."
	"And this time," she whimpered, "There will be no Tenchi to
come and unlock the goddamn gate."
	As she said this...
	...she realized she was mistaken.
	The door slid open.  Softly, and almost completely silently.  The
rustling of the wood across its track was almost inaudible.  But Ryoko
heard it.
	"Ryoko..."
	Ryoko closed her eyes, and shut them tight.  <No.  This is all
part of the dream.  It's all... a... bad...>
	"Ryoko."
	"It's a dream!" Ryoko shouted from her spot on the ground, her
eyes still shut tight.  She heard the sound of feet softly patting
against the wood, moving from the door over towards her.  Praying to
herself silently that this nightmare would go away, she steeled herself
for whatever was coming.
	She felt it.  The hand.
	The man who spoke from the door laid his hand gently on her
shoulder.  The warmth that spread throughout her body from that hand
was incredible.  Ryoko shuddered from inner pleasure and warmth as
she felt his hand on her shoulder.
	"Ryoko," the voice said again, this time next to her ear.
	Ryoko opened her eyes, and slowly turned over to look up at him.
Taking in the sight of the youth, she opened her mouth and let out a
long breath.  The thin mucus within her mouth coated her throat, causing
her to cough.  She stared up at him.
	"You're... a dream.  You have to be," she murmured.
	Tenchi looked down at her from a kneeling position, and put his
hand back on her shoulder.  He said nothing.  His brown eyes gazed deep
into Ryoko's golden ones.
	"You're... a dream, yet..." Ryoko stuttered, "You feel... you
feel so *real*, Tenchi..." Ryoko continued to gaze into his brown eyes,
still feeling an inner delight at the warmth from his hand on her shoulder.
"Are you... are you real, Tenchi?"
	Tenchi continued to gaze down at her.  He said nothing for a few
moments, but finally, he answered.  "I love you, Ryoko."
	Ryoko's breath caught in her throat.  "Ten- Tenchi..."
	"I love you more than anything in this world, Ryoko."
	"It... it can't..." Ryoko tried to say, but found that the ability
of speech had long since left her.
	Tenchi leaned down, and then lightly drifted his lips against
hers.  Ryoko felt a presence awaken within herself as she felt his lips
graze hers.  The nearness of his body, its warmth, and the *reality*
of it overwhelmed her with desire and love.
	Ryoko reached up with her right hand, and placed it on the back
of Tenchi's neck.  She felt new tears streaming down her face.  "I love
you too, Tenchi..." she whispered, before pulling him into a kiss.
	The kiss was soft.  Their lips merely rested against each others
for a few moments.  Tenchi creased his lips inwards slightly, softly
taking her lower lip in between them.  Ryoko closed her eyes, and
lightly sucked on his upper lip.
	Tenchi's hand was gently sliding up the soft skin of Ryoko's
leg.  Ryoko felt electrical fire from the sensation of Tenchi touching
her bare skin.  As they continued to kiss, Tenchi's hand slid higher
into her dress as his fingers gently caressed the soft flesh of her
thigh.
	"Oh, Tenchi..." Ryoko once again whimpered, this time in love
and pleasure as she continued to kiss him, enjoying his soft touch.
	Ryoko took in a quick sharp breath through the kiss as she felt
Tenchi's warm fingers brush against her crotch.  His fingertips gently
glided along the soft skin of her opening.  The tips of his fingers
were so softly pressed against the skin, causing waves of pleasure
to radiate throughout her body.
	With a small smile and a thought, Ryoko managed to phase up
through her clothes.  The dress lay underneath her now, almost like a
blanket, leaving her completely nude for her Tenchi.
	Tenchi smiled softly at her.  "I love you, Ryoko."
	Ryoko smirked softly.  "I love you too, my Tenchi.  You... you
really are real?"
	Tenchi grinned, and ran the hand of his fingers down the side
of her face.  "Does this feel real to you?"
	Ryoko quietly sighed, and bent her neck so that his fingers were
pressed better against her face.  "Oh... yes, it does..."
	Tenchi turned his fingers over so the pads of his fingertips were
once again in direct contact with her smooth, pale skin, and began to
slowly, gently glide then down her face and over her neck.  Once they
reach her collar, they would retreat, retracing their path.
	As Tenchi continued to stroke Ryoko's face, he bent over.  Tenchi's
lips met with the tip of Ryoko's collar bone, and he gently kissed it.
As Tenchi kissed from the very small dip in between her collar bones all
the way to her shoulder, Ryoko continued to sigh quietly in wordless
encouragement to her Tenchi.
	Gently flicking his tongue against the skin of her shoulder, Tenchi
began to kiss a trail down her chest, still gently stroking her face
with his fingertips.  Tenchi's lips eventually came into contact with
the smooth, soft flesh of Ryoko's bosom.  Tenchi tilted his head slightly
as he did, gently sliding his chin and the bottom of his left cheek
across her right breast.
	Ryoko continued to sigh, and placed her hand on the back of Tenchi's
head, and began to stroke her fingers through his black spiky hair.
"Tenchi..." she sighed once again.
	Tenchi pushed the tip of his tongue against Ryoko's breast, and
he ran the wet muscle down her full bosom towards her nipple, gently
sucking at the skin of her breast every few seconds.
	Ryoko took in a quick gasp of pleasure through her teeth as she
felt Tenchi's mouth close around her right nipple, and she sighed his
name as she gently let out that very same breath.
	And then...
	...it all came to an end.


(( Play: "Drifting", from 'Final Fantasy VIII' ))


"It... it really isn't real, is it?  It's all just a lie."
	Ryoko stood in her blue and gold dress with her arms crossed at
the doorway.  Her face was mostly expressionless, but her eyes hinted
at the feel of sorrow.  She looked down at a completely frozen image
on the ground.
	She gazed upon her own self image lying on the ground as Tenchi
pleasured her.
	They had completely stopped movement.  It was as if they had
been frozen in the sands of time.  And once again, Ryoko was forced
to stand and look on as the sole observer.
	Ryoko sighed, and leaned against the doorframe.  "It's all just
a... lie.  A big, fat... *lie*."
	"Well, sort of.  Not entirely."
	Ryoko looked to her right slowly, and took in the sight of the
man standing next to her.  Next to her, stood the same man as before,
dressed in the same clothes, with the same hair.  He too gazed down at
the frozen image of Tenchi pleasuring Ryoko.
	"What do you mean?" Ryoko asked him.
	The man sighed, crossing his arms and leaning against the
doorframe, mimicking Ryoko.  "I mean that this *is* real, in a certain
sense."
	"How?" Ryoko asked skeptically.  "I mean... that was just some
dream of mine.  It wasn't even really *me*."
	"I can't say that's entirely true, Ryoko."
	Ryoko sighed.  "What do you mean?"
	"Your thoughts are, for the most part, real.  Even if one was to
argue that they are simply electrical signals that happen to be transmitted
and interpreted by your brain, it doesn't change the fact that within
your *own* psyche that there are these thoughts and images occurring."
	Ryoko shrugged.  "Yeah?  So what?"
	The man mimicked her shrug, grinning.  "So nothing, really.  It
is a simple matter of deductive logic.  You *see* these things in your
brain, correct?"
	"Well... yeah.  Those are my dreams."
	"Then they are *real*.  They *occur*, if only to *you*.  See my
point?"
	Ryoko nodded.  "I... guess so.  But..." she continued, sighing,
"What is this place?  I'm... starting to go crazy.  It's like I'm
caught in my own thoughts.  Caught in my own dreams."
	"Memories."
	Ryoko arched an eyebrow at the man.
	The man chuckled, brushing a strand of his green bangs from his
eyes.  "A paradox.  Somewhat of an intermingling of various dimensions.
Connecting the dots, as it were."
	"Connecting the dots?"
	"History, life, and various different dimensions," the man
explained, "These things are all connected.  Memories, existences,
thoughts, events, and everything else.  These things aren't merely
points that happen to be scattered across a timeline.  No.  These
things are all part *of* the line."
	Ryoko looked away from the man, and up at the ceiling.  "I thought
that by showing Tenchi my own feelings, I could run away.  Run
away from my past.  My memories," she smirked dryly, not displaying any
sort of amusement despite the gesture, "Hell, my *life*.  I've tried to
show him these things don't matter.  That I am who I am.  I'm not who
I was."
	She sighed.  "Didn't work, though."
	"You are who you are, and yet, you are who you were.  All at once."
	"I know," Ryoko said, still looking off.  "It's just that... I
wish that I could *forget* who I was.  *Forget* what I am.  I just...
wish that I could be who I want to be.  Through Tenchi."
	"You have no idea how to behave," the man concluded.  "You think
you know, but you have no desire to do so.  You are, essentially, a lost
being.  A failed existence.  You were created for more, and yet you
lived with less."
	Once again, Ryoko found herself smirking at the assessment of her
life.  "Yeah... I'd say that's about the extent of it."
	"Do you know why *I* was created, Ryoko?" the man asked.
	"No... and... no offense, but... I frankly don't give a shit right
about now."
	The man sighed, and turned from her so he was facing down the hall.
"I see.  That's too bad, Ryoko.  It is pertinent to you, after all."
	Ryoko closed her eyes and shook her head.  "Just... leave me alone."
	The man shrugged.  "Your decision, my friend."
	Ryoko felt her neck go limp and her head tilt against the doorframe
where it came to a rest.  "I just... don't understand, anymore.  I don't...
even know if I *care* anymore.  I'm... alone.  I've always *been* alone.
I really think that this is the day that... the day that I lost hope."
	The man looked back at her from the corner of his dark green eyes
and nodded, and walked off down the hall.  "Very well then," he said
over his shoulder.  "If you are alone... you are your own demon."
	Ryoko didn't even notice that he had left.  She simply leaned
against the wooden doorframe limply.
	<If I'm alone...>
	<...what do I do now?>


__________
**********



The thin beaten path that descended down the face of the cliff silently
accepted each step of the two women as they traversed down it.  Their
soft steps made but slight patting sounds as they touched the earth.
	Aeka and Sora walked down the cliff.  Aeka, still in her torn
battle garments and war paint, was somewhat eager... and even a little
nervous as to what their destination would be.
	Sora simply continued onward with a smile on her face.  Her long
white hair fluttered in the breeze ever so slightly, along with her
beautiful priestess gown that she wore.
	"So... Miss Sora..." Aeka began as the two continued to walk.
	Sora looked at Aeka from the corner of her deep cerulean eyes.
"Yes?  What is it, Lady Aeka?"
	Aeka kept her gaze on the path before them.  "Where... are we
going?  Where is this citadel?"
	Sora laughed lightly.  "It is not far from here.  It is a
beautiful place within the forest.  I am sure that you will feel right
at home, Miss Aeka."
	Aeka nodded.  "Yes.  Thank you for your hospitality, Miss Sora."
	The silver moonlight peered down on the two women.  The moon was
full, and the light was very prominent in the night sky.  One would not
have any difficulty navigating due to the darkness on a night such as
this, when the silver moon was bright enough to read outdoors.
	As the two of them neared the bottom of the cliff, where the
small path once again became one with the forest, Sora began to hum.
It was a different song than the one that she had been singing a few
minutes ago.  Aeka was content with simply listening to the priestess
hum her song.
	"That is the song of love," Sora said after finishing her wordless
hymn.  "It is a song that we, the children of Fa'Dien sing in honor of
those that have been born, or those that have been brought to us
safely."
	"Ah, I see."
	Sora smiled.  "It is also a song that is sung when someone's
heart has been wounded.  The song is then sung to Fa'Dien in hopes that
She will cleanse and purify the wounded heart.  The wounded heart will
then advance towards the light of Fa'Dien."
	As Sora spoke of love, Aeka felt her own thoughts creep up on
her.  Ones of *her* love.  The heart that she had that could be wounded
*because* of her love.
	<Tenchi...>
	Aeka sighed.
	Sora looked over at Aeka as the two of them were now treading
through the thick, yet calm forest.  "Is something wrong, Miss Aeka?"
	Aeka shook her head.  "No, it's just that... oh, nevermind.  It
is of no concern."
	Sora stopped walking, and placed a gentle hand on Aeka's
shoulder.  "That is not true, Aeka.  Fa'Dien and I will listen to the
story of your heart."
	Aeka arched an eyebrow.  "How is it that you were privy to knowing
that I had a problem of my heart?"
	Sora's pale lips perked up into a grin.  "We know *lot's* of
things, Aeka."
	"Why do you sing, Sora?" Aeka asked, trying to change the subject.
"Does your religion communicate through song?"
	Sora nodded.  "It does.  But that is not why.  A song is the
language of the soul that comes from the bottom of ones heart.  When
someone sings, they are communicating through words that they truly
mean to say.  They are putting all of who they were and who they *are*
into that song.  It is the most beautiful thing that a person can do."
	"Can I... ask... why were you singing the hymn of love?"
	Sora smiled again, and began to walk further into the forest.
Aeka blinked, then quickly caught up to her compatriot, still looking
at Sora's face, waiting for an answer.
	Sora's smile didn't disappear.  "It is because we love all of
Fa'Dien's children.  And when one of Her children is returned to us,
we must sing."
	Aeka blinked.  "You mean... me?  Or the child that you found?"
	"Both."
	Aeka shook her head.  "But I am a child of Jurai, Sora.  Not of
Fa'Dien."
	Sora once again adopted a grin and looked at Aeka out of the corner
of her eye.  "*All* are Fa'Dien's children."
	Aeka didn't know what to say.
	<*All* are Fa'Dien's children?  What... what does she mean?>
	<Who is this baby that they have found?>
	<Where *am* I?  Who *is* this woman?>
	"I... I..." Aeka stammered, attempting to formulate some sort of
response to Sora's statement.  However, she wasn't given the time.  The
two women eventually walked into a small clearing in the forest, and
that's when Aeka saw it.
	The citadel.
	Aeka felt all sense of presence and her own breath leave her as
she gazed upon it.
	The remarkable structure stood tall in the moonlight, the pale
silver glow of the sky glistening off of the archaic wood of the walls.
Ancient glyphs and carvings were smattered all over the massive temple.
Beautiful stained glass windows hung on all sides of the gigantic
structure, all above the ground level.  The two doors that granted
access to the sacred building were well over two dozen feet tall.
	The building itself was at least three hundred feet high, and
well over five hundred feet wide.  Aeka didn't know how far back it
went from her.
	Sora smiled at Aeka's awe, and then gestured to the citadel.
"Shall we?  I am certain that my sisters will be eager to meet you,
Lady Aeka."
	Aeka took in a few deep breaths as she attempted to break away from
her awed appraisal of the magnificent structure.  "Y- yes.  Of course,
Miss Sora.  Please lead the way."
	The two of them walked across the path, which had now changed from
beaten earth to ancient cobbled stones.  The stones were all intricate
in design, and although they appeared to be as ancient as anything
Aeka had ever seen, they also appeared to be in perfect condition.
	While the moon was partially blocked by the majesty of Fa'Dien's
cathedral, it did not seem to loom over everything.  In fact, the
very shadows of the citadel seemed to be arms of comfort for Aeka.
	Sora and Aeka stopped in front of the massive doors.  Aeka waited,
but Sora did nothing.  Blinking a few times, Aeka looked over at the
priestess.  "Miss Sora, do not we desire entrance?"
	Sora's smile returned.  "Of course, Miss Aeka.  Why don't you
open the doors?  Why don't you take the first step into the citadel?"
	Aeka nodded.  "Very well.  I shall.  Thank you, Sora."
	Aeka rested her still gloved hands against the extremely thick
yet beautiful wood of the doors of the citadel, and pushed.  She was
overwhelmed at how easy to open the doors were despite their size.
	And then...
	...she was inside.


(( Play: "Creid", from 'Xenogears Creid' ))


If the sight of the actual citadel itself had taken her breath away,
the sight of the interior would have caused Aeka to have an epiphany
and cleanse her soul of all things that she considered beautiful.
	Because nothing would ever match this.
	The interior of Fa'Dien's citadel was massive, yet comforting.
Haunting, yet inviting.  Simple... yet... beautiful.
	The room which would be considered to be the actual cathedral
itself was enormous.  It spanned over three hundred feet from Aeka,
and well over two hundred feet from her on both sides.  The ceiling
was three hundred feet above her.  The only room she had ever seen
that was this large was the throne room in her own palace.
	And that did not come even close to matching this one's beauty.
	A perfect cloth of red carpet welcomed Aeka and spread it's
girth throughout the entirety of the room.  The walls themselves were
a very dark brown, almost black.  The walls all had intricate hand
carved insignias and glyphs on them, making the entire room itself
a massive tapestry.  At several points along the room on both sides
were average sized doors, all of which were coated with fabulous
artistry like the walls.
	But what took Aeka to beyond and back, was what lay at the
end of the citadel.
	There was a massive stained glass window.  Just beneath it, was
a pulpit, which was reached by a small flight of stairs directly
in front of it.  The window was mere feet above this pulpit, and
extended almost to the roof.  The window at least one hundred and
fifty feet wide, and almost two hundred and fifty feet tall.  Hanging in
some sort of perfect limbo directly in front of the window, was an
enormous hand sculpted statue of a woman with her arms outstretched.
	Aeka found that her breath was gone, and tears of beauty were
flooding through her vision.  Two dozen priestesses stood in perfect
form, in front of the pulpit, window and statue, all singing the
hymn of love that Sora had hummed in perfect unison.
	Never before had Aeka been so moved spiritually.  It was as
if some divine being, the moment she entered the citadel, had
grasped her entire soul, and gently held it in it's embrace.
	Sora's smile was smaller now, but still spoke volumes.  The
two of them stood just inside of the citadel doors.  She simply
gazed at Aeka from the corner of her eye, as Aeka continued to
almost choke on her breath as she looked around her.
	"Fa'Dien," Sora whispered.
	Aeka sniffled, but did nothing to wipe away the tears.  "What?"
	"Fa'Dien has welcomed you, Lady Aeka.  You are now a child of
Fa'Dien."
	Aeka fell to her knees and watched through a seemingly endless
sea of tears of absolute awe as the priestesses continued to sing the
hymn of love.  Aeka found herself humming along with their simple
yet overpowering hymn, a large smile on her face and tears flowing
freely.
	Sora put her hand on Aeka's shoulder, and began to sing in
tune with her sisters.
	How long?
	How much time passed?
	Aeka didn't know.  It could have been an hour, at least.  There
was never a time in Aeka's entire existence that she ever felt her soul
to be so overpowered.
	And frankly, she never wanted it to end.  But, it did.
	Eventually, the priestesses finished singing to Fa'Dien, and
turned to see Aeka weeping and Sora smiling back at them.  Sora had
taken the courtesy of closing the door behind Aeka.
	All of their eyes lit up upon seeing the pair, and they all
quickly, yet calmly, scuttled across the massive carpeted floor to the
pair, being careful not to trip on their long gowns.
	"Miss Sora!" they chorused.
	Sora greeted them all with a smile.
	"We were awaiting your return!" one chorused.
	Sora patted Aeka gently on the shoulder.  "We have arrived."
	Aeka stood slowly, and took the time to wipe tears out of her eyes.
"How... how embarrassing.  I'm so terribly sorry, Miss Sora..."
	"Heaven's no!" one sister cried, "There is nothing to be sorry
about!" she added with a smile.  The others were quick to mirror her
sentiment.
	All of the sisters had various individual characteristics, of
course, such as brown hair, black hair, green eyes, blue eyes... and
the like.  Yet they all wore the same clothes, and they all seemed to
have the same pale yet beautiful skin.  All of their hair appeared to
be at equal length with each other, falling just above the small of
their backs.
	"Oh," Aeka said, finally dabbing her eyes clean, "Thank you so
much."
	Sora squeezed Aeka's shoulder supportively.  "This is Miss Aeka.
She is a new child of Fa'Dien."
	The sisters let out a cheer of happiness, and quickly gathered
around Aeka with hugs, hellos, and congratulations.  Aeka didn't know what
to say, but she took it all with a smile.
	"Sisters!" Sora admonished, only with a smile on her face, "Miss
Aeka is no doubt very exhausted on her trip here.  Let us prepare her
some clothes, and fetch her a bath.  Someone get her a suitable room
to stay in as well."
	The sisters were apologetic, yet very eager to help out in any
way that they could.  They quickly bustled in various different directions,
heading through the various doors along the walls.  It was then that
Aeka noted a long balcony which ran across the entirety of the citadel,
sans the stained glass window portion.  Aeka noted that the balcony was
quite high up, and the spot directly above her would have a most
spectacular view of Fa'Dien and the window.  She'd most certainly have
to investigate later.
	Aeka continued to smile through glossy eyes as the way the sisters
ran about, all seeming so happy to have a visitor.  What just happened
proved something to her, though.  She looked over at Sora with a half
grin on her face.  "You didn't tell me you were a *High* Priestess,
Lady Sora."
	"Oh?  So I'm 'Lady' now?" Sora added with a small giggle.  "Yes,
I can see that sort of thing does not get past the keen observation of
Aeka Jurai."
	Aeka nodded.  "I've seen my fair share of temples and citadels.
I know authority within the church when I see it," she added, once again
finding herself gazing around at the magnificent architecture.  "But
never have I been in a place with the beauty of this vessel..." she
murmured, once again seeming to lose her place.
	Sora softly smirked.  "Come, Aeka.  Let's fetch you a warm bath
and some fresh clothes.  There is much to speak of."


__________
**********


(( Play: "Her Most Beautiful Smile", from 'Rurouni Kenshin - The Movie' ))


Aeka shook her shoulders.  "Well... it fits.  It is actually rather
comfortable, I must admit."
	Aeka now stood inside a much smaller room on the second floor
of the citadel.  The room was extremely well furnished, as would be
expected of such a place.  The carpet was red, thick, and very soft.  Aeka
now understood how all the priestesses walked around bare foot.
	There was a large dresser made from a beautiful wood that
seemed to glisten in even the slightest of lights.  There was a small
seat of leather situated in front of a vanity, the mirror being
rather impressive.  There was golden ridges along the edges, which
were all carved into tapestries of leaves and branches, much like the
rest of the citadel was.
	There was also a rather large and comfortable bed in one corner
of the room, the place where Aeka gathered she would be sleeping.  On
the vanity there was not much, other than a music box.
	Sora nodded as she addressed Aeka's new raiment's.  Her torn
battle garb was now replaced by a long white gown, much similar to
the one that Sora herself wore, only less extravagant.  Aeka's
tiara still rested on her head, only her hair was let back.  There
were no clips in her hair, so it flowed behind her back in free form.
A waterfall of shimmering purple beauty.
	"It looks very beautiful on you, Miss Aeka," Sora added with
a final nod.  "I'm glad you like it."
	Aeka clasped her hands together and bowed to the white haired
High Priestess.  "I thank you, Miss Sora.  I truly appreciate your
hospitality.  Everyone is so kind here."
	Sora smirked and crossed her arms under her breasts.  "That
is because we do not get visitors that often.  Rather... *never* would
be a more accurate assessment.  We rejoice when a new child of Fa'Dien
joins us."
	Aeka smiled.  "I rejoice as well.  I cannot describe the amount
of joy that coursed through my entire being when I entered your house.
The house of Fa'Dien."
	Sora's cerulean eyes drifted from Aeka, over to the music box
that rested on the vanity.  "How do you fare with your memories?"
	Aeka blinked.  She tilted her head, puzzled.  "Excuse me?"
	Sora walked over to the music box.  "Memories.  Sometimes
people forget things.  I'm curious... do you remember everything?"
	Aeka frowned.  This wasn't making any sense.  "Of course I
forget things sometimes, Lady Sora.  I... I'm only a human, after
all."
	"Only a human..." Sora murmured as she rested her soft pale
hands on the music box.
	Aeka slowly, somewhat unsure of herself now, walked over to
Sora to look at the music box.  Sora didn't look up from the square,
crimson marble box as she spoke.
	"Music is funny sometimes.  That is part of the reason why we
sing."
	"Oh?" Aeka asked, now standing next to Sora.
	Sora nodded, still looking deep into the grooves of the box.
"Music and memories... these are intermingled.  Sometimes hearing a
song will cause someone to remember something they forgot a long time
ago... regardless of whether the listener wants to remember or not."
	Aeka found herself looking at the box now.  "What are you getting
at, Lady Sora?"
	Sora looked up at Aeka, all hints of pleasure gone from her face.
Her face was serious, almost stricken with sorrow.  "I... I think you
should listen to this song, Aeka."
	"But... but why?"
	Sora picked up the box tenderly in her hands, and offered it to
the Jurain princess.  "Please?  Listen?  Maybe you can remember something.
This song always makes people remember."
	Aeka frowned as she took the music box.  "Remember... what?"
	Sora gazed back into Aeka's eyes.  There was no mistaking it now,
there was an incredible sorrow behind them.  "It's different from
person to person.  But... please?  I want to see if you can remember
something."
	Aeka sighed.  "Very well, Lady Sora.  I will humor you."
	When Aeka opened the box... everything changed.  The song played,
but... she herself was gone.  Aeka blinked and opened her eyes, and
found that she was no longer in the room of the citadel.  She found
she was no longer in a body.
	<A... a memory?  What is this?!>
	Aeka realized that she was reliving one of her memories as an
observer.  So, with nothing to do but relinquish control to her ego,
she simply watched.


(( Play: "Shattered Egg of Dreams", from 'Xenogears' ))


The room was small.  Not just small, but somewhat desolate as well.
The walls were made of metal.  There was a shower in one corner of the
room, and an electronic door in the other.  The room was well lit,
and the shower was on.  Steam flooded from the opening at the top of
the nearly transparent door and filtered into the room.
	There was a rack for towels on one end, and on it, rested two
long, fluffy dark green towels.  The sounds of water dripping off of
a body within the shower filled the small room, as someone simply
cleaned themselves in the pouring water.
	<Where... where is this?  I don't remember anything like this...>
	After a few moments, the door to the room slid open with an
electronic hiss.  In the doorway, looking in rather timidly, was...
	...Aeka.
	Herself.
	She stood in her normal purple, blue and white kimono.  She
didn't enter the room, but she simply gazed into it.  Her eyes were
bloodshot, and it was easily evident by the contours of her normally
soft, inviting skin on her face that she had been crying.
	Not saying anything for a few moments, just standing there,
a voice called from the shower.  "Yeah?  Who is it?"
	Aeka swallowed.  "I- I... It is I."
	<What memory is this?  I don't remember anything like this at
all!>
	"Oh, it's you Aeka," the voice in the shower said.  "Well, what
do ya need?"
	It was Kiyone.
	Aeka took in another gulp of saliva.  "I- I wish... I wish to...
would you be willing to talk, Kiyone?  I... I don't mind sitting here."
	The sound of movement stopped in the shower, and the silhouette
of Kiyone's body stopped scrubbing itself.  She simply stood there.
"Umm... sure, I don't mind.  I'm kinda busy here, but you can come in."
	"Thank you," Aeka said, walking in rather timidly, "I was
hoping I could talk to you alone."  Aeka pressed a button on the small
panel next to the door, and it slid shut.
	<Where is this?  Is this on the Yagami?  But...  I've never *been*
on the Yagami!  What's going on, here?>
	Aeka then walked over to a dry white bench that was next to the
rack of towels, and sat down.  She clasped her hands together in her lap,
and simply stared at the metal floor below her while listening to the
sound of Kiyone resuming her shower.
	"I apologize," Aeka started, sniffling, "For intruding on you like
this.  But I... I... just *had* to talk to someone.  I couldn't talk
to Tenchi because... well..." she faded, shaking her head, "And I most
certainly couldn't talk to Ryoko about this.  And not Mihoshi, either."
	"Sure," Kiyone said from the shower, "I gotcha.  What's up?  I'm
all ears."
	Aeka let out a long breath.  "It's... Sasami.  She's... well,
she has..."
	<What?  What *about* Sasami?>
	"Growing up?" Kiyone said from the shower.  The sound of the
water splashing changed pitch as it began to pound against Kiyone's
hair as she rinsed out the shampoo.  "It had to happen sometime,
Aeka."
	Aeka sighed, wringing her hands.  "Yes, yes, of course.  I'm
aware, it's just that... it's... too fast.  It's just happening in
the blink of an eye.  Faster than it should."
	"I haven't noticed anything," Kiyone commented.
	"No?  Haven't you seen her?  She grows with every passing day...
both physically and psychologically.  I don't--"
	"Heh, Aeka," Kiyone interrupted, turning the water off, "That's
just like normal kids.  They all grow up too fast if you're not
careful.  It's part of life.  I'm sure it seems like it's taking
forever for her, but to us... It's in the blink of an eye."
	Aeka sniffled.  "I suppose you're right."
	<What is all this talk?>
	Kiyone slid the door open, and stepped out onto the floor nude.
She tostled her hair slightly, then took a towel.  As she ran it
through her hair, she continued.  "I know why you're worried.  And,
to be honest... I would be too, if I was in your shoes.  But I think
that you don't need to worry about *that*."
	Aeka blinked, and looked over at Kiyone.  "What do you mean?
What are you talking about?"
	Kiyone wrapped the towel around herself, and then sat down
next to Aeka.  "You know what I'm talking about, Aeka.  You're worried
that Sasami will grow up, and snatch Tenchi right out from under your
nose, aren't you?"
	<I am not!>
	"I am not!" Aeka protested, frowning at the Detective.  Once
she realized that Kiyone was wearing that 'Yeah, if you say so'
expression, she sighed.  "Perhaps that is part of the reason.  I just...
don't really know."
	Kiyone patted Aeka on the back.  "Don't sweat it, Aeka.  I'm
sure that it'll be okay.  It's Tenchi's choice.  And Sasami's, too.  I
don't think that the Sasami we know would ever consciously hurt you
that much by letting herself fall for Tenchi."
	Aeka arched an eyebrow.  "Then you don't know Sasami very well,
do you?"
	"Huh?"
	"You haven't seen them!" Aeka exclaimed.  "All of the letters,
all of the pictures... all of the EVERYTHING that she does for him!
Why would she do that otherwise?"
	Kiyone smirked.  "Aeka, there *is* such a thing as being nice
to someone, yet not loving them."
	"I--" Aeka caught herself, then sighed, looking back down at
the floor.  "I suppose you're right, Kiyone.  You... You are right."
	"Of course I am.  I'm always right," she answered with a grin.
"That's why you came to me for advice, right?"
	"Of course," Aeka added, smiling.  "I don't know what to say about
it all.  I know that... that somehow... she'll win.  That she'll
just come, and sweep him off of his feet.  But it helps to know that
you can at least make me forget.  At least... for a little while."
	<What?!  What is this?  When did I say that?  I DON'T REMEMBER
THIS AT ALL!>
	Kiyone frowned.  "That's not funny, Aeka."
	"I wasn't trying to be, Kiyone," Aeka said, with a faraway look
in her eyes.  "I wasn't trying to be."
	"You..." Kiyone began carefully, "You really believe that Sasami
is going to 'win'?  That Tenchi'll choose *her*?"
	Aeka looked up into Kiyone's eyes.  She simply made eye contact
with Kiyone, and said nothing.  That silence spoke more than words
ever could.
	Aeka eventually said, "I don't think that.  I just think that
somehow... something is going to happen.  Something is going to happen
to maybe Tenchi or maybe Sasami... and... and I'm not going to be there
to stop it."
	Kiyone shook her head.  "You're not making a hell of a lot of
sense, Aeka.  But I think I can see your point.  I think you just need
to have faith in your sister.  And trying harder to win Tenchi wouldn't
hurt.  Oh, don't tell Ryoko I said that."
	Aeka smiled.  "I wouldn't.  I know you'd extend the same courtesy
to her after all."
	Kiyone sighed.  "Yeah, probably."
	Aeka stood.  "Thank you, Detective.  I truly appreciate it."
	Kiyone stood as well.  "Any time, Aeka.  Any time."


(( Play: "Fisherman's Horizon - Piano", from 'Final Fantasy VIII' ))


Aeka dropped the box, and stumbled backwards.  Her vision was spinning,
her head was hurting, and her hands were shaking.
	Sora let the box bounce on the soft carpet.  "Aeka?  Aeka!  Aeka,
what did you see?"
	Aeka put her hand to her chest, and began to hyperventilate.  Her
world was spinning.  Nothing made sense.  Everything was a blur.
Everything...
	Sora frowned.  "Aeka!  Think!"
	"What?" she choked out.
	"Stop breathing!"
	Aeka blinked at that command.  She fell to her knees, but her
eyes went wide.  She couldn't believe it.
	She stopped breathing.
	Nothing.
	Not a breath of life.
	And she felt fine.
	Sora walked over to Aeka, and helped her up.  "I'll explain that
one to you later, Aeka.  It is a long story."
	Aeka nodded dumbly, completely at a loss with everything.  Her
entire world seemed to be crashing down in a blaze of confusion.  She
simply let Sora guide her over to the soft bed, and she sat down
gently on the soft sheets.
	Sora sat down next to her.  "I won't ask what you saw right away.
My only suggestion for right now is to think of the time that you entered
here.  Entered the citadel."
	Aeka nodded, and thought back.  Back to that moment when Fa'Dien
came.  When Fa'Dien had wrapped its arms around her...
	Aeka closed her eyes and smiled.  The feeling of being lost and
perpetual discord seemed to vanish as she relished in the thoughts of
the epiphany of her soul.
	Sora smiled as she saw Aeka's slight bliss, and whispered to
herself, "Pain is not allowed in this place..."
	Aeka shook her head.  "Mmm?  What did you say, Lady Sora?"
	Sora chuckled lightly.  "Oh, nothing.  No worries.  We can talk
tomorrow when you are well rested.  How do you like the sound of that,
Miss Aeka?"
	Aeka yawned, pushing away thoughts of that 'memory', and nodded.
"That does indeed sound pleasant."
	As Sora prepared to rise, there was a very soft knock at the door
to the room.  Sora looked at Aeka, and then rose to answer the door.
	"Yes?" Sora asked through the thick slab of wood, "What is it?"
	It was one of the sisters.  "It is I, Miss Sora.  I have the
other daughter.  Mayhaps Aeka would wish to meet her?"
	Sora raised her eyebrows, and looked back at Aeka.  "Well, Miss
Aeka?  Do you want to see the baby?"
	Aeka smiled softly.  "I'd love to."  Aeka rose from the bed,
and walked over next to Sora.  The door opened gently, exposing the
room to the balcony of the citadel and the massive room behind it.
In the doorway stood a black haired priestess with a baby in her arms.
	Aeka smiled, and peered in for a closer look.  Upon inspection,
Aeka nearly fainted.
	"My heavens!  Mayuka!"


__________
**********


(( Play: "10:30am", from 'Bubblegum Crisis Tokyo 2040' ))


"--and thus leading to the reconstitution of the original proclamation.
Due to a counterbalance in the magnesium triathalate bypass actuators,
the rest of the operation was closed.  Professor Immiama afterwards
filed a protest and was later granted diplomatic immunity.  The signed
affidavit by all parties involved is currently under possession of the
Minister of Foreign Affairs himself.  Thus concluding the Mark V 12 series
of Bipedal Autonomic Protocol Actuators (BAPA).  In recent events--"
	Malus groaned.  "Alright, alright Leen!  That's all good.  I think
we've covered the history of the Yagami and its construction and
supplication more than enough."
	"Oh!" the ships computer exclaimed, "My apologies, sir."
	"No worries," Malus said, waving his hand at the interface.  "We
simply need to keep on topic here, I believe."
	The black knife of steel and hydrogen combustion drive engines
-- the Mortiphasm -- sped through the dead of space.  "Sped" not being a
terribly accurate word, however.  The ship itself was travelling at an
extremely fast rate, however on the other hand, compared to the max speed,
or even average speed of most cruisers, the ship was travelling at a
lethargic rate.
	Seeing as the amount of information that Malus felt he was required
to absorb prior to meeting Detectives Kiyone and Mihoshi was enormous,
he was taking it nice and slow, letting every detail sink in one at a
time.
	The rest of the ship was running on stand-by power.  The lights
were all a very dim blue, blanketing the interior of the small cruiser
in near perpetual darkness.  The exception of course being the engine
room and the CCB (Command and Control Box.  In other words -- The Bridge.)
The engine room was completely saturated in a deep red color from the
sole light at the roof of the room, and the CCB was dimly lit by
various control boards of information.  A rather ethereal smattering of
electronic colors.
	Malus sighed, resting back in his seat.  "So... let's run over the
basics again."
	Leen pivoted her 'head', and swiveled down to the furthest extent
of her tether, so her optical interfaces were staring back at the TEC.
	"Detective Makibi," Malus began, "Is just a normal officer.  One
who happens to strive for achievement in everything she does... and
probably needs to have some sort of rapturous experience in the field
of entertainment and *relaxing*... but regardless, she's your standard
cop.  Detective Kuramitsu is *not* your standard officer, in fact,
she is vastly *inferior* to most officers, due to the constant breaking
of official procedures and Authorized Doctrines.  Yet her track record
precedes her," Malus put his hands behind his head.  "So all in all...
they're original, but they ain't going up any time soon."
	"Affirmative," Leen confirmed.
	Malus smirked lightly as he continued his overall assessment.  "They
both have a ship warranted to each individual officer -- The Yagami, for
Detective Makibi, and Yukinojo for Detective Kuramitsu.  Yukinojo being
currently out of service.  Both ships are, for lack of a better term,
mediocre.  Nothing special in really any way whatsoever."
	"Affirmative."
	"Finally," Malus added, this time sniffling, "The two of them
patrol Quadrant Ena'mek Geren, Sections 1000 to 9000.  Also known as the
'Sol System'."  The TEC operative glanced at the various transparent
windows of data strewn about the main console.  "Again, a rather mundane
system.  Primitive, ill equipped, and.. in the grand scheme of things with
regards to procedure and political stature... dead as a fuckin' doornail."
Malus sighed.  "And yet..." he concluded, propping his black boots up on
the dash again, "...the Yagami is equipped with a Super Computer bypass
interface, fully augmented with a Prometheus hardware system."
	"Affirmative."
	Silence.
	As Malus twitched his eyes back and forth in his optically impaired
contemplation for a few moments, he thought.  And thought.  And thought.
Eventually, he groaned, and opened his eyes.  "Nope.  I still can't figure
out why the hell they have it.  It just doesn't make sense."
	"Perhaps," Leen surmised, "It has to do with the relegation of
said officers.  There is a possibility that because of their lower
performances in the past that Headquarters came to the consensus that
they needed improved equipment."
	"You know," Malus said, rolling his eyes, "For an advanced
artificial intelligence program, you're pretty fucking stupid sometimes,
Leen."
	Leen didn't respond.  She merely beeped.
	Malus let out a long breath as he adjusted his feet on the
dashboard.  "No, I doubt that.  Even if, for some fluke of a chance,
they decided to give the good Detectives better equipment, they'd need
to be stupider than YOU to give them a Prometheus program."
	"I apologize for my lack of wisdom, sir," Leen responded.
	"Hey, no worries," Malus comforted, "It happens to the best of
us.  But the fact of the matter is... I don't think that I'm going to
be able to know why these people have this thing until I actually get
onto the Yagami itself."
	The Mortiphasm continued to travel through the vast sea of stars
at a rather slow pace.  Since the ship itself was running along an
already set course that was set up by navigation buoys, it could be
considered a 'freeway' in space.  So, occasionally, there would be
a ship to pass by the Mortiphasm.  Usually going at blindingly fast
speeds.  Often, they'd be going so much faster, that visual confirmation
was impossible.
	Of course, those were called "speeders".  If Malus had been
paying attention, he'd have quite the catch this day.  Of course,
not being a beat officer, he wasn't about to start writing tickets.  One
perk of being a TEC, Malus found, was that you didn't have to sit
around and listen to people bitch while getting the story out of someone.
When a TEC made an arrest, it was one that was already carefully planned
by several people.  So you could just walk in, slap the cuffs on the
perp, and be done with it.
	Of course, then there was all the PAPERWORK...
	Malus sat up.  "Hey, what's our ETA?"
	Leen blipped and beeped for a few seconds.  "Our ETA to the Sol
System is approximetly Seventy Eight Hours, Forty Two Minutes, and
Eleven Seconds.  Make that Ten Seconds."
	Malus rolled his eyes.  "Okay, pump up the speed.  I think I've
got enough info.  Well, as much as I'm going to get outta *you*,
anyways.  I need to actually meet these two before I can determine
anything else."
	"Compliance," Leen droned, powering up the plasma engines.
	Malus cracked his knuckles.  "We'll see exactly what's up when
we meet 'em."


__________
**********


(( Play: "Bootleg - 37", from 'Serial Experiments Lain' ))


"Well, it's certainly been long enough.  I'm looking forward to this."
Kiyone said with a grin on her face.
	Kiyone and Mihoshi both sat in their chairs on the bridge of
the Yagami.  The viewscreen in front of them showed space as it zoomed
by them as they made their way down a celestial highway.
	Both were dressed in their official Galaxy Police uniforms.  Both
were in command at their stations.  Both were filled with a sense of
sorrow, but also a sense of excitement.
	Headquarters.  After all this time, the pair were finally returning.
	Kiyone had decided that the best course of action for the two
to take would be to go back to Headquarters, as they had superior
equipment if they were going to initiate a multi-person manhunt.
	That, and they wanted to be away from the Masaki home when they
had to notify the Jurai Royal Family that both Princess' were now
missing.
	Mihoshi giggled with delight.  "Headquarters... I can't wait!
It's been so long, for both of us!  This is so exciting!"
	Kiyone's smile faded slightly.  "It is, Mihoshi.  But we mustn't
forget why we're coming out here in the first place."
	Mihoshi's chipper attitude melted away a little with that.  "You're
right, Kiyone.  I won't forget.  I promise.  I'll keep a lookout for
our friends."
	The interior of the bridge had no interior lights.  There was
no means to illuminate the small room by use of light fixture.  However,
the light from the various consoles strewn about the dashboard and the
viewscreen illuminated the room in a various smorgasbord of colors.  They
were all dim, but for the detectives, they found the lights almost... cozy.
	This was where they belonged.
	Kiyone began to kick in the hyperdrive.  "Alright, then.  Plasma
conduits at full power.  Preparing to switch fuel line from the Magnesium
Actuator over to the Genome restructuring drive engine.  Mihoshi?" Kiyone
said, looking at her partner from the corner of her eye.  "Mihoshi!"
	Mihoshi shook her head.  "I'm sorry, Kiyone.  I just got lost in
thought there.  What do you want me to do?"
	Kiyone pointed in the general direction of Mihoshi's controls
while still operating her own.  "Bring the Drive Engines online.  If you
don't, the priming chamber will overload!"
	Mihoshi saluted.  "Yes, ma'am!"  The blond detective then set out
to work.  To Kiyone's surprise, Mihoshi was surprisingly fast and
accurate with her commands.  Her fingers danced about the console with
a stream of command, and her eyes showed a determination that Kiyone
felt almost inspired by.
	Mihoshi stopped typing.  "I'm sorry, Kiyone.  This is my first time
trying to do this on your ship," she looked apologetic, "What do I do
now?"
	Kiyone waved her hand.  "Just put in code 33-AD93-2264-HH, and the
computer will do the rest on its own."
	Mihoshi did as she was instructed, and brought the drive engines
online.  Which a jolt from the engine room, and a cry of glee from
Mihoshi, the Yagami bolted forward further away from earth at a blinding
speed.
	Even Kiyone was a little excited.  Just a little.
	Kiyone smiled, and leaned back in her chair.  "We'll find them.
I *know* we will.  I won't rest until we do."
	"Neither will I, Kiyone!" Mihoshi agreed, snuggling back into
the soft seat, joining her partner in gazing at the stars fly by.
	The two of them sat there in perpetual silence for a while.  The
sole sound was that of the console humming, and it was far more relaxing
than annoying.
	Kiyone's head rested against the soft leather of her seat, and
she simply let the Yagami fly itself.
	"Say, Kiyone?"
	"What?" she answered, not removing her gaze from the stars.
	"Do you..." Mihoshi started a little reluctantly, "Do you think
that everyone back at headquarters will be happy to see us?"
	Kiyone shrugged in her chair.  "Sure.  Why not?"
	"I don't know.  I just hope no one is mad."
	Kiyone arched her eyebrow.  "Why would anyone--" she caught
herself.  It sunk in.  The officers among Mihoshi wouldn't have an
issue... but her supervisors and superior officers certainly would.
	Mihoshi was notorious for driving Captain's, Lieutenants, Colonel's,
Chief's, and other high ranking statures in the Galaxy Police straight up
the wall with her rather nasty string of one idiosyncrasy after another.
	Kiyone knew this all too well.
	Kiyone sighed.  "I can't see there being a problem," she lied.
"After all, your Grandfather will happy to see you, won't he?"
	"Yay!" Mihoshi cheered, as she remembered her grandfather, "I sure
hope we get to see Grandfather."
	"I'm sure we can swing in a visit," Kiyone added with a yawn.  This
was one mind numbing day.  "And we'll find our friends.  You'll see."
	"Yeah!  That's right!" Mihoshi said, her voice adapting a naive
determination, one you just couldn't help but love.  "Evil doers beware!
Detective's Mihoshi and Kiyone are one the case!" she cheered.
	"Yeah, something like that," Kiyone added, rolling her eyes, but
smiling all the while.  "We'll find them.  All of them."


__________
**********


(( Play: "Bootleg - 44", from 'Serial Experiments Lain' ))


Washu simply stood there.  She didn't move, she didn't blink... she
didn't even breathe.  Life within this alternate superior reality
made such a thing possible.
	Washu didn't even bat an eye as she saw the horror of her own
reality unfold in front of her.
	Tokimi and Tsunami stood in front of Washu, looking down at
the red head with nigh-expressionless faces.  All around them, the
reality seemed to be... melting.  The very fabric of existence was
bleeding away, all the different colors swirling and transmogrifying
as if they were mixing paint and blood.
	"So this is where you two live?" Washu finally said.
	"Yes," Tokimi answered, her voice hollow, "This is our Garden."
	Washu continued to watch the reality bleed away.  "It's... cozy,"
she added sardonically.
	The pair said nothing.
	"Why did you bring me here?" Washu demanded, her eyebrows adopting
a frown.
	"Tell me, Washu," Tsunami began, "Are you aware of the sequence of
electrons and protons that create trianthium carbonate?"
	Washu smirked.  "Of course I am," she added, trying to remain calm,
despite the fact that everything around her was now just a mass of
perturbed colors, "It is, after all, the exact electronic frequency that
I share with Ryoko."
	"Indeed it is," Tokimi continued, "As well as Ryoko with Ryo-Ohki,
correct?"
	"That's right.  What's it to ya?"
	Tokimi's once neutral face adopted an almost sinister grin.  "Is
it true that you can only be empathetic with your daughter?"
	Washu frowned.  "Why?"
	Behind the goddess', the reality bled into a very distorted moving
image of Ryoko running, then jumping and slashing.  Once the image was
finished, it looped back to it's genesis, and continued to run like a
recording.
	"Because, you do not know the specifics of your daughters own
thoughts, Washu," Tsunami pointed out.  "You simply only know what she
is experiencing as far as her own empathetic trauma is relayed directly
to you.  You can only know if she is happy, not *why* she is happy.  You
can only know that she is sad, not *why* she is sad."
	Washu smirked, looking up at the distorted image rather than the
two goddess' who were annoying her to no end.  "If this is true, then
how would I know about *Tenchi*?"
	"We told you," Tokimi deadpanned.
	Washu frowned again, still looking at Ryoko run, slash, then
repeat.  "I'm calling bullshit on that one.  I've never even met *either*
of you face to face before."
	"You never met us," Tsunami began, "We met you.  Through this Garden.
Through your own quest for knowledge.  Your desire to become infinite
within the universe with your own wisdom made us see you.  Desire you.
So... we spoke to you."
	"How?"
	"Across the waves of reality.  This reality exists on the super
natural plane of existence.  The very possibility of a God or Goddess
existing within your reality, as it is, is improbable.  While the concept
of a Deus like embodiment attempting to gain complete manifestation is
possible, there are... obstacles.  However, being who we are, we can
speak across the membrane of different realities."
	"So," Washu said, finally looking back at the Goddess', "You
can't fully manifest yourselves in my reality.  You can only create an
ephemeral projection of yourselves."
	"Correct," Tokimi said, nodding, "We can only create a small
burst of our own psyches to be our momentary representations, since
our very existences go beyond the natural laws of your universe."
	"So is that it?" Washu said, rolling her eyes, "You're playing
this damn little 'game' of yours, just so you can come into our universe?"
	Tsunami smiled and shook her head.  Tokimi laughed.
	Washu frowned.  "What?!  What *is* it?!"
	Tokimi finally stopped laughing, and took a few steps towards
Washu.  They way that she moved through the distorted, bleeding reality
caused all the matter around her entire being to shimmer and undulate.
	"No.  That is only *part* of the reason."
	Washu scoffed.  "Oh... *I* get it.  Oooh!  Look at me!  I'm
a goddess!  Bow before my evil powers!  I am ruler of the entire
universe!" she snorted.  "You'd better think of something more
interesting, girls.  Because that's been done to death by who knows
*how* many people.  Hell, one of them imprisoned me for five thousand
years!  I should know!"
	Tokimi laughed.  She laughed for a long time, as if Washu's words
had truly caused her a great amount of amusement.  Tsunami simply
continued to smile almost benevolently.
	Washu grunted.  "I'm right, aren't I?"
	"Oh... oh, *Heavens* no!" Tokimi said, finally calming her laughter
down.  "Why would we do that?"
	Washu shrugged.  "I dunno.  It was a guess.  After all... you
haven't freaking *told* me *anything* at *all* yet!"
	Tokimi's almost hypnotisingly deep blue eyes went wide, all sense
of humor lost from her being.  She stared deep into Washu's now somewhat
frightened green eyes.  Her entire being permeated an unnatural amount
of presence and a frightening amount of authority.
	"Why?" she asked again, this time her voice cold and empty, "Why
would we *rule* the universe... when... when we could *become* it?"
	Washu took a step back.  "What?" she whispered.
	"The theories of chaos... matter... people... plants... space...
particles... conscious thought... everything, everywhere... why rule
these things, when we could *be* them?"
	Washu's eyes were wide as she stared at the goddess.
	Tokimi simply stared down at Washu, her face almost hollow with
emotion.  "And in order to do so... we need you.  And... your daughter."
	Washu stopped moving back from Tokimi, her face adopting an angry
glare.  "You... you stay away from her!"
	Tokimi continued to stare down at Washu from the bottom of her
eyes.  "No."
	"Damn you!  Stay away!"
	"No.  Never."
	Washu held out her hand, and materialized a red beam saber.  "Fine!
I'll *make* you stay away!"
	Washu leapt at the taller goddess with the attempt of slashing her
with the energy weapon.  Unfortunately for the red haired scientist,
though, things didn't go the way she planned.
	Washu's humming energy weapon cleaved through the bleeding reality,
creating a wake of distorted and undulating particles behind the weapon.
As the sword was about to strike Tokimi, it stopped.  It seemed to smash
into an invisible barrier, causing a seemingly invisible wall to shimmer
for just a moment.
	Washu frowned, but couldn't react quick enough.
	Tokimi snapped her eyes wider.  The barrier instantaneously folded
forward, and caused Washu's beam saber to dissipate into smaller red
particles.  The barrier and the particles, then, in a cooperative motion
screamed away from Tokimi, and smashed full force into Washu.  Washu
was sent sprawling almost twenty feet backwards into the nothing reality.


(( Play: "Sheer Greed", from 'Bubblegum Crisis Tokyo 2040' ))


Washu hit the invisible ground with a thud, her entire body wracked with
an intense inferno of pain.  Trying to prop herself up onto her elbows,
Washu coughed, causing some small droplets of blood to eject from her
mouth.  The drops simply floated in the super natural vacuum.
	Tokimi began to walk towards Washu.  "You can't stop us.  You
*shouldn't* stop us.  What we do is for the *good* of existence.  Would
you not wish for all pain... all suffering... everywhere, as we know it...
to cease to be?  No one would feel pain.  No one would feel sorrow.
Everyone would be as a God.  Wouldn't that be splendid?"
	Washu managed to roll onto her back, and keep herself somewhat
upright on her elbows.  "So... you'll just toy with the lives of innocent
people and make them suffer?  'The end justifies the means'?"
	"Precisely."
	Washu coughed a little more blood up, and then chuckled lowly.
"You... you're nothing but a goddamn *fool*!"
	Tokimi's eyes widened once again, and then black snake like tendrils
of electricity began to crackle all over the scientists body.  Washu
was thrashing about, screaming in absolute excruciating pain.  Her pleas
for mercy were simply met with more pain.
	Tokimi then caused Washu to float off of the ground, and simply
look back into her eyes in a crucifix position.  Tokimi walked up to
Washu, her face still emotionless.  "Ryoko will help us.  You'll see."
	Washu spat all of the lingering blood in her mouth onto Tokimi's
pale face.  "You bitch!  Don't you *dare* hurt Ryoko!"
	Tokimi smirked, and wiped the blood off of her face.  "Hurt
Ryoko?  Hurt... *Ryoko*?  Dear me, Washu, it seems that you have
gotten the wrong indication as to what is going to happen."
	Washu simply floated there looking down in disgust and agony.
	"Ryoko isn't going to *be* hurt... Ryoko is going *to* hurt.  Ryoko
is going to destroy... *erase*... all of existence.  She is going to be
our wings of destruction upon the eve of our own apocalypse."
	Washu didn't care.  At that point, whatever happened to her was
meaningless.  She just couldn't let that happen to Ryoko.  "You goddamn
bitch!  If you touch... even TOUCH Ryoko, I'll rip your fucking heart out!"
	Tokimi said nothing for a moment, then she closed her eyes.  When
she did, Washu felt pain unlike no other.  Every single joint in her
entire body began to twist in all directions, muscles and sinew began
to tear, bones broke, and organs began to rupture.  All at once.
	Washu tried to scream, but her throat was bleeding too much.
Washu could feel blood beginning to seep out of her ears, and her eyes
felt as if they were about to burst.
	"Ts... Tsunam... Tsunami... why?!  Why... why aren't... why
aren't... you helping me...?!"
	Tsunami simply stood there, looking at Washu.  Her face held no
emotion.  Not a smile, not a frown.  She eventually walked over next to
Tokimi, where the sound of Washu's cracking bones and joints was much
more audible.  She looked up at the tortured scientist, and then spoke,
"Because, Washu.  You will all be as Gods."


__________
to be continued



(( Ending Theme: "The Memory of Trees", by 'Enya' ))



*****


A/N: I'd like to give a big thanks out to absolutely anyone who has ever
given me any means of support.  Be it a simple review at FanFiction.net,
an email, at a Message Board, on AIM, whatever.  Anyone.  I thank you all,
from the bottom of my heart.

That said, on to business.

If anyone is reading this, I'd appreciate it if you'd pay attention to this
part, because it's very important.  Due to a variety of reasons, none of
which you, the reader, would really care about, I have become detatched from
Tenchi Fan Fiction.  The point is this, mostly.  This is, without question,
my final attempt at Tenchi Fan Fiction.  However, I am practically inclined
to stop RIGHT HERE.  At this very point in the fic.  I don't know if I
really want to write this anymore.

So I'm asking you, the readers.  I know that the majority of you couldn't
give a crap about giving feedback and all, but this is more along the lines
of:  Do you want to read more of this story?  I'm at the point at which I
just... don't want to write anymore, but I don't want to make readers who
have been enjoying this story annoyed.  I may be deluding myself into
actually thinking that I have "fans" or that people *like* this fic, but
just in the small chance that there are any, I'd like to know.  So please,
tell me.  This is definitely my final Tenchi fic, but unless someone wants
me to go on, this will be it.  Right here.  I'm not asking for pity, I'm
asking if you want to read more of this.  Because if you people want me
to finish this... I will.  I really appreciate every single one of my
readers opinions.  All of you.  I thank you so much for taking the time to
read what I've put many hours of effort and time into.  I even appreciate it
more when you tell me that you read it.

Well, let me know.  Take care and have fun, everybody.


*****


Thanks for Reading.
Email: lateralus_metatron@hotmail.com
The Entry Plug



