	Authors note: Ah. What did I tell you? I knew I'd be done with 
the second chapter soon! Well, remember, this does contain lemon 
content (a little less than last time, sorry) so please be sure you are 
over 18 or I'll be very mad that young ones are reading my fictions. 
ENJOY! Also, I DO NOT OWN TENCHI CHARACTERS! DON'T SURE MY ASS OR I'LL 
CRY!		
			          
Meow, meow, purr Chapter 2
	Ayeka awoke staring into Ryoko's cyan hair. 
	"Oh Ryoko." Ayeka whispered. She looked down at Ryoko's pussy and 
noticed her tail was pushed in a little. "Heh. After Ryoko fell asleep 
she must have still been horny." Ayeka giggled as she took Ryoko's tail 
out of her. "There now Ryoko. Now you have room for me in there!" Ayeka 
chuckled. 
	Ryoko opened her eyes and looked deep into Ayeka's eyes.
 "Good morning my pet." Ayeka smiled.
 "Good morning Master." Ryoko smiled back.
 "How was your sleep my love? I see you decided to have fun 
without me."
Ayeka said as she looked down at Ryoko's cum soaked tail. Ryoko turned 
red. 
"Sorry. I always get horny in my dreams." 
"I understand. I get horny when I think of you, so I understand 
perfectly." Ayeka added in as Ryoko nodded. 
"Thank you. Did you want to hear my dream?"
 "Sure my little sex pet. Anything that makes you cum is welcome 
to my ears."
 "Alright. Anyways, you and I were flying through space in Ryo-
ohki and then you leaned in and kissed me." Ryoko began , while Ayeka  
smiled and rubbed her pussy. "Then a carrot popped out of nowhere and 
landed on my head. Then Tenchi flung into the ship and smiled. He was 
naked all the way. He took his penis and was about to stick it into a 
star thing when it turned into a carrot!" Ayeka burst out laughing. 
"LORD TENCHI!? Hahahahaahahahahahah! Ryoko! Now why did that happen?" 
Ayeka began to push her finger in and out of herself as she laughed. 
"My, my little sex kitten! You sure are a dirty one!" 
Ryoko nodded, "Clean me up then master." Ayeka grinned and began 
to lick all over Ryoko's body, taking extra long on Ryoko's breasts and 
pussy. 
"OH! AYEKA! MORE! MORE!" Ryoko began to scream at the top of her 
lungs as Ayeka's tongue was going in and out of Ryoko's pussy. 
"OH MY!" Ayeka stopped and looked at the clock. "IT'S BREAKFAST!"
They both ran down as fast as they could and found a note on the 
counter.
"Hm. Should we read it?" Ryoko asked. Ayeka had already picked up 
the note and read it. 
"Dear Ryoko and Ayeka, We are sorry we missed you guys. We are in 
Tokyo visiting Tenchi. Please don't yell at us because we didn't bring 
you two. Well, we will see you at dinner! Bye! P.S. You two will have 
to manage breakfast on your own." 
 "Well, it seems we are on our own 'till dinner, huh Master?" 
Ryoko dropped to the floor and crawled over to Ayeka's leg and began 
nudging it with her head.  Ayeka pat Ryoko's head softly.
"Yes my pet. Yes. But can you cook at all?" "Hm. Maybe." Ryoko's 
eyes gleamed as she hopped over to the fridge and pulled out a bottle 
of honey.
"Get the picture babe?" Ryoko said as she began to undo her 
panties and bra.
"Yes. Let me help you." Ayeka  tugged Ryoko's panties down around 
her ankles and Ryoko kicked them away. 
"Alright." Ryoko kissed Ayeka then began to pour the honey all 
over her breasts and down her stomach to her tight pussy.
"I'm hungry Ryoko! Feed me now!" Ayeka whined. 
"Alright master." Ryoko sat up on the table and waited for Ayeka 
to follow.
"You look so yummy dear! I can hardly wait to taste that honey!" 
Ayeka said as she grabbed one honey soaked breast and began suckling at 
her left nipple. 
"And you are yummy!" Ayeka giggled as Ryoko moaned in pleasure. 
Ayeka grabbed her other breasts while still sucking the left. 
"OH MASTER! AYEKA!" Ryoko began to move her hands around Ayeka's 
firm ass. 
"Ryoko! Cum on me! Make me cum as well!" Ayeka screamed as Ryoko 
obeyed. Cum splattered all over the table and down Ayeka's left leg.
"Oh Ryoko." Ayeka sighed as she stopped sucking Ryoko's tits. 
"Ryoko. I need you."
"I need you to Ayeka. But what will Sasami think when she finds 
out her sister is a lesbian?" 
"No need to worry my sex pet. On Jurai it is pretty much 
ENCOURAGED to be lesbians. So I can just explain that you seemed better 
for the position than Tenchi. Besides, Sasami would be happy so she can 
have Tenchi." Ayeka grinned, aware of Sasami's love for Tenchi.
"Ah I see. You really are a genius." Ryoko smiled happily.
"A SEX genius." Ayeka corrected. "I love you Ryoko. Stay with me 
always. WAIT! WHAT IF WASHU FINDS OUT ABOUT US TOO SOON!"
"Don't worry. She won't. She's too busy playing with her robots 
to notice. 
"Her robots?" Ayeka asked.
"Curiosity killed the master. If you want to know what I mean, 
you will finish your dinner." Ryoko grinned as she pointed to her STILL 
honey drenched pussy lips. 
"Oh yes! I shall." Ayeka moved her head down and pleased Ryoko, 
sucking wherever Ryoko told her honey was. 
"OH! MASTER! GET INSIDE ME NOW!" Ryoko moaned as Ayeka shoved her 
tail into Ryoko's pussy.
"AH OH YES! OH YES! OHHH!" Ryoko moaned loudly. "YES!"
"I love hearing you scream Ryoko. It makes me want to cum all 
over you, inside of you, and you do the same to me." Ayeka said between 
slurps of honey.
"Ayeka." Ryoko said one last time before she led them both 
upstairs.

"TENCHI! WE ARE HERE!" Sasami cheered as Washu knocked on his 
door. 
"UGH! OH! BE RIGHT THERE!" Tenchi said, seeming to be 
preoccupied.
"Tenchi who is it? OH!" Another voice began to moan from inside. 
Just then Sasami flung the door open as everyone saw a naked Tenchi and 
Sakuya. 
"YOU GUYS! IT ISNT WHAT IT.looks like." He bowed his head. "I'm 
sorry you all. It's just." Tenchi held up a bottle of pills with a crab 
symbol on it.
"MY HORNY PILLS!" Washu screamed as she grabbed them away from 
Tenchi.
"I'M SORRY WASHU! I had a headache before I left for Tokyo so I 
thought these were headache pill things, when I finally got there 
Sakuya came running up to me and I got REALLY horny. Washu, then after 
she got into my room, she began to stroke me so I got even more horny, 
then you all came and it knocked my senses back into me. BUT NOW SHE 
WON'T STOP!" Tenchi yelled.
"TENCHI! You know you love me!" Sakuya said seductively.
"NO! NO! LEAVE ME ALONE SAKUYA! THEY WERE PILLS THAT MADE ME DO 
THAT! I WOULD HAVE DONE IT TO ANY GIRL I SAW!"
Sakuya's eyes filled with tears. "Tenchi! You said my cum was 
filling!"
"Well Sakuya, it WAS filling, but very disgusting!" Tenchi 
yelled.
"TENCHI! HOW DARE YOU SUCK MY CUM AND NOT LOVE IT!" Sakuya shoved 
her breasts into Tenchi's chest and began rubbing them along his face. 
"OH TENCHI! SUCK MY BREASTS!" Sakuya kept moaning as Nobuyuki 
cheered. "MY SON IS BECOMING A MAN!" 
Everyone stopped for a moment as Washu hit Nobuyuki with a pot. 
"What?"
"SHUT UP!" They all yelled at Nobuyuki.
"That's enough fun for you Sakuya. Back to the whore house where 
you belong." Washu began typing when her computer popped up. In seconds 
a horny rabid chipmunk started to gnaw on Sakuya's pussy making her 
moan in pleasure and yet in pain as she ran out the door. They all 
watched and then looked back at a still very naked Tenchi. 
"WHOA!" Tenchi screamed looking down. He then darted to his room 
and put pants on.
"Anyway, where are Ryoko and Ayeka?" Tenchi asked trying to 
change the subject that practically everyone in his house had seen his 
penis now.
"They were asleep when we left so we just left them a note." 
Sasami chimed in, trying not to let anyone know that her panties were 
wet thanks to Tenchi's large cock. The thought made a moan escape her 
lips. Everyone stared at her then looked back to Tenchi.
"Oh. Well, tell them I said hi." Tenchi nodded.
"Alright Tenchi." Sasami said trying to get as close as she could 
to the bump in his pants. She slowly made her hand down there and 
tickled it. 
"Sasami?" Tenchi asked as he stepped away.
"What? Did I do something?" Sasami tried to sound innocent.
"Sasami get over here for a moment."
"Sure Tenchi." Sasami was excited that Tenchi was leading her 
into his room.
"Everyone can watch TV while I talk to Sasami." Tenchi called 
back.
Now in Tenchi's room he looked at Sasami's large glassy eyes.
"Sasami. I know what you have been thinking. I can't really do 
this to you." He said as the gleam in Sasami's eyes faded.
"Tenchi! I love you!" Sasami cried.
"I love you too. But not like that. Sasami, please."
"TENCHI! PLEASE! All I need is for a moment of you inside me. 
Then I will let you go Tenchi." Sasami pleaded.
"Alright Sasami. Only a few moments. That's all. I mean, what 
could it hurt huh?" Tenchi said as he and Sasami began to strip off 
their clothes.
"Are you sure you want this Sasami?" Tenchi said calmly.
"Yes Tenchi. Yes. I need you inside of me. I love you Tenchi.." 
Sasami added in a calm voice.
"Alright." Tenchi nodded as he began to suck at Sasami's little 
nipple. 
"OH TENCHI!" Sasami moaned as she began to play with his cock.
"OH SASAMI!" Tenchi moaned even louder as Sasami worked her 
fingers around his cock.
"Tenchi." Sasami sighed as she moved down towards his hard as a 
rock cock. She put her mouth around it and began to slurp and suck it.
"OH SASAMI! YES! YES!" Tenchi moaned as her little tongue worked 
all over his shaft.
"Sasami! I'm going to-" He was too late, he had already 
splattered all over Sasami's face.
"Don't worry." She said as she began to lick her lips. 
There was still cum all over her face so Tenchi leaned over and 
began to lick it all off of her.
He then moved his lips to hers and they fell back onto his bed 
locked in a passionate kiss.
"Oh Tench. I love you." Sasami moaned.
"Sasami." Tenchi began but Sasami had stopped him.
"Tenchi. I know. You don't have REAL feelings for me, but you 
still do love me as a sister."
Sasami smiled at Tenchi as she lifted herself up and onto 
Tenchi's cock. She winced in pain for a moment but then recovered.
"OH OH! PUMP!" Sasami screamed as Tenchi began pulling in and out 
of her. 
"Sasami! Oh! Your tight pussy is making me horny!" Tenchi yelled 
as Sasami began to smile.
"Good Tenchi." She laughed.

Later after everyone was about to leave, Tenchi leaned into 
Sasami and whispered, "Sasami, don't think that I will do this again."
"I know. I won't expect it anymore Tenchi. At least now I know 
how lucky the girl who wins you is." Tenchi nodded at the compliment 
then began to blush after remembering he just had sex with his little 
sister.
"BYE YOU ALL!" Tenchi called out as they drove away. "Phew! 
Sasami is pretty good for a kid.WHAT AM I SAYING!?! Am I really almost 
as bad as my dad? I just had sex with my little sister.hm.I'm sure when 
its Ryoko's turn she'll really turn me on.AAARRGGH! I AM A PERVERTED 
FREAK! I'M ALREADY THINKING ABOUT RYOKO AND ME!" Tenchi yelled as he 
slammed the door shut.

Back at the house sat a lonely Ryo-ohki. "Myah Myah MIYA!" She 
cried. (Translation: "Why would Ken-ohki run away? Did I do something 
wrong?")
She walked around the kitchen and hopped onto the cum stained 
counter. "Miya?" ("What?") She sniffed at it and then looked around. 
She then began to lap it up. "MIYA MEOW!" ("Hey! It's Ryoko!") She 
looked around and saw Ryoko and Ayeka coming downstairs. 
"Oh Ryoko! That was so much fun!" Ayeka exclaimed as Ryoko was 
stroking Ayeka's tail.
"Yes indeed my princess." Ryoko nodded. 
Ryo-ohki ran behind the counter so they couldn't find her.
"Oh Ryoko. You are so kind. For a while I was starting to believe 
you really were a mean bitchy space pirate." Ayeka said as she grabbed 
a carrot off of the table and began to lick it.
"You know I only love you Ayeka. You are my sex princess." Ryoko 
smiled warmly as she took the other end of the carrot and began sucking 
it as well.
"Miyah." ("whoa.") Ryo-ohki purred as she hoped out in front of 
them.
"RYO-OHKI! WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING HERE!?!" Ryoko screamed as 
she yanked the carrot out of her moth.
"MIYAH!" Ryo-ohki cried as she began to tell them about Ken-ohki.
"That pimp." Ryoko commented while Ayeka stroked Ryo-ohki's fur.
"Poor Ryo-ohki. Maybe we can cheer you up! Right Ryoko?" Ayeka 
giggled and winked at Ryoko.
"Oh sure! Sure! C'mere Ryo-ohki! I have a surprise for you!" 
Ryoko cooed.
"MIYAH!" Ryo-ohki hopped excitedly over to Ryoko.
"Good girl." Ryoko said. She then snapped up Ryo-ohki in a flash 
and shoved her little head into her pussy.
"OH! OH! OOOH!" Ryoko moaned as Ryo-ohki squirmed around.
"Mph YA!" Ryoko's tight pussy muffled Ryo-ohki's cries.
"Oh c'mon Ryo-ohki! She is your master! Lick her pussy dry! She 
has provided for you, now do the same by pleasuring her! Then me!" 
Ayeka giggled as she pushed and pulled Ryo-ohki in and out of Ryoko's 
pussy.
"OH AYEKA! YOU HAVE A WAY WITH ANIMALS!" Ryoko screamed between 
moans and "ughs". 
"Yes I know don't I?" Ayeka laughed as Ryo-ohki began to get used 
to going in and out of Ryoko.
"UGH! Your turn OH! Ayek UGH! A!" Ryoko said trying to calm her 
voice.
Just before Ayeka could slip Ryo-ohki inside of her they heard 
someone coming but it was too late, 
"Well, well, well, what are my daughter and her worst enemy up 
to?" Washu said calmly keeping a main focus on Ayeka's hand wich was 
frozen halfway to her pussy with a squirming Ryo-okay in her hand. She 
let go of Ryo-okay and let her hop out into the backyard with a 
nosebleed.
"WHAT DO YOU WANT WASH -uh- MOM?" Ryoko screamed. "CANT YOU EVER 
LEAVE ME THE HELL ALONE!?!" 
"Hm.no. Seeing you naked, dear, is making me as horny as hell. So 
is your girlfriend and cabbit." Washu said as she removed her top and 
revealed a bra just like Ryoko and Ayeka's only it was red.
"WHERE DID YOU GET THAT MISS WASHU?" Ayeka demanded.
"Well, I knew the whole time what you two were up to, so I 
decided, I would join you, so I made this outfit! Arent I such a 
genius?"
"Ugh.mom." Ryoko murmured
"Ugh? Ugh is something I love to hear! No really." Washu and 
Ayeka laughed as Ryoko just glared.
"You always spoil my fun." Ryoko complained as Ayeka began to 
stroke Ryoko's hair.
"It's alright dear. We needed to tell her soon anyway my sex 
pet."
"Sex pet? Good one Miss Ayeka." Washu complimented.
Then Washu walked over to Ryoko and changed into her adult form, 
then began to remove her shorts revealing the red panties.
"What do you think dear? Your mother really is sexy huh?" Washu 
asked. All Ryoko did was nod her head, but her eyes were fixed on her 
mothers tight pussy.
"Wow mom. Why didn't you ever tell me you were so tight? I would 
have jumped into bed with you in an instant! Psh." Ryoko rolled her 
eyes. 
"Really Ryoko? I love you sweetie." Washu grabbed Ryoko in a 
tight hug; making sure Ryoko's head was buried into Washu's breasts. 
Ayeka just stood there tapping her foot waiting for Ryoko to return to 
her.
"Ahem. I know she is your daughter Miss Washu, but she is my sex 
pet and I have a right to push her into my breasts as well." Ayeka 
added in a jealous tone.
"Oh yes. Sorry. I forgot my little baby is growing up. She needs 
to be with her girlfriend." Washu giggled. 
"Thank you mom." Ryoko said, gasping for air from being trapped 
in Washu's large breasts.
"That's SEXY momma now Ryoko." Washu corrected.
"Well, SEXY MOMMA, could you make Ryoko and I a soundproof, 
room?" Ayeka asked innocently.
"Well sure, as long as I get to CUM visit on Fridays and 
Saturdays." Washu laughed as she clapped her hands together.
	"When can we enter Washu?" Ayeka asked politely.
	Then Washu began to type franticly until, "DONE! Your horny house 
awaits ladies." 
	"Thanks Mom! So, would you join us then?" Ryoko asked looking at 
the red door that just appeared in front of them.
	"Ah I wish I could sweetheart but I have to finish my -ahem- 
business." Washu said as she shook her head and began walking toward 
her lab. 
	"Alright Ma, I'll see you later then. Good night!" Ryoko cooed.
	"Well Ryoko, I guess we should enter, yes?"
	"Guess so Princess Pussy pants!" Ryoko laughed. Normally Ayeka 
would be offended being called a 'Pussy Pants' but this time she took 
it as a compliment.
	"Alright lets go!" They both yelped as they ran through the door.
	"WOW! WASHU IS GREAT! SHE MADE THE PERFECT PLACE!" they both 
cried with glee.
 	The room was very large -maybe the size of Tenchi's house- with 2 
bedrooms, a kitchen, a living room, 1 Onsen, (kewl, what I wouldn't do 
for one of those) a library (it figures Washu would add that) and a 
green house out back.
	"WOW! I'm going to love visiting this place!" Ryoko giggled 
skipped around like a giddy schoolgirl.
	"My, my! Look at this library!" Ayeka exclaimed, pointing at all 
the porno books.
	"Wow! Take a look at the Onsen! It's better than the other one!" 
Ryoko giggled as she pointed across the onsen to a bar on the other 
side.
	"IT HAS KAREOKE!" They both shouted with glee. 
	"Oh Ryoko! I love you! I am very sure we will love it here." 
Ayeka said as she began to kiss Ryoko.
	"Ayeka, look." Ryoko grabbed Ayeka's hand and pulled her into the 
first bedroom.
	"Is, is that us?" Ayeka asked pointing to a poster with Ayeka and 
Ryoko in a 69 position.
	"I guess so.but how did Washu manage to get that picture?" Ryoko 
asked.
	"Ugh! Your mother sent spy cameras to check up on us. That's how 
she got that picture." Ayeka groaned.
	"Well that's okay, at least we can remember the moment better." 
Ryoko laughed as they both fell down onto the king size bed. 
 	


So. What did you think? I know, probably not as much lemon as you 
wanted huh? Well, next chapter will help you understand a little more 
clearly! Don't forget to e-mail me your suggestions or whatever at: 
horneyhoneychik@yahoo.com Bye! Oh and, thanks all you who complimented 
my first chapter! I love ya New York! (Lol that made no sense) 
P.S And um, sorry the first chapter was kind of, well, "Blah" But 
you try not getting any sleep while writing a fan fic. See ya'll!


