Authors Notes: Ok, this is my first lemon fan fiction so don't laugh at 
me if it sucks. Well, I do not own any of these characters, nor do I 
claim to own them. (Yawn) Blah, Blah.(hours later) so anyways, if you 
are under 18, you should not be reading this. Nope. (But even if I were 
10 I'd be sneaking a peek at a few of the words) Anyway, read it now! 
Oh yeah, this chapter has a few drops of lemon, a fuck that! IT HAS TEN 
CASES OF LEMON!
				Meow, Meow, purr
	It was a day like any other, Ayeka and Ryoko were out back 
fighting, Sasami was cooking, Washu was in her lab, and Tenchi was out 
in the fields with Ryo-ohki. Mihoshi and Kiyone had gotten a call from 
the GP headquarters so they were to return. 
	"YOU NASTY BEAST!" Ayeka was screaming "YOU HELL WHORE!" Ryoko 
snapped back. "YOU BITCH!" "YOU PIGLET BITCH!" They continued for what 
seemed like hours until Sasami broke them up. 
	"AAAAAHHH! TENCHI IS LEAVING FOR THE WEEKEND!" Sasami ran out 
waving her hands around like her butt was on fire. "WHAT!?!?" Ryoko and 
Ayeka both yelled together. They both yanked at their own hair. 
"Tenchi! Nooo!" They repeated over and over. "This is your fault 
Ryoko." Ayeka snapped. "What? You were the one that ate him out of the 
house." Ryoko grinned. "What?" Ayeka growled. "Well, you've eaten all 
the food, my dear sweet Tenchi decided to leave so there would still be 
food left." Ryoko began to laugh, as Ayeka turned red. "SHUT UP 
YOU.YOU" "Aw, little princess prissy out of words to say to her loyal 
subjects?" Ryoko laughed. "Shut up." Sasami growled and walked away 
leaving Ayeka and Ryoko to fight. 
	At the dinner table, (Washu was still in her lab), Tenchi stood 
up, "Um, excuse me everyone. I am leaving tomorrow for Tokyo to train 
for a while." "Probably to be with that penny whore Sakuya." Ryoko 
whispered to Ayeka. Ayeka just blushed when she noticed how close 
Ryoko's breasts were to her own. "Ryoko." Ayeka just mumbled softly. 
"Tenchi! When you're gone can I sleep in your room!?" Sasami said with 
tears spilling from her eyes. "Tenchi I'm going to miss you!" Ryoko 
growled when Tenchi nodded to Sasami. "Thank you." Sasami sat down and 
smiled. "But Tenchi?" Ryoko whined. "Ryoko, it's okay. You have your 
own room." 
	Just then everyone heard a loud boom come from Ryoko's room. 
"SORRY!" Washu yelled as she ran downstairs. "Um, Little Ryoko, I um, 
kinda blew up your room." Washu edged toward the table slowly afraid of 
what Ryoko might do. "Aw that's too bad." Ryoko grinned. "I guess I'll 
have to sleep in Tenchi's room since he is leaving." Ryoko began to 
smile wider. Ayeka stood up and was about to talk when Sasami cried. 
"NO! I wanted to stay in Tenchi's room. Besides Ryoko, you can always 
stay on the couch." Sasami pouted. "Well, if I must I will. Ryoko." 
Ayeka was interrupted by a very horny Nobuyuki. "Well, I wouldn't mind 
at all if Miss Ryoko stayed in MY room." Everyone fell over. "NO WAY 
DAD! RYOKO IS NOT GOING TO BECOME MY MOM!" Tenchi screamed. "Well, like 
I was saying." Ayeka was about to start again when Grandpa Yosho chimed 
in. "She can sleep with me and I'll train her." He grinned. "GRANDPA!" 
Tenchi growled. "Oh I was just kidding Tenchi. I would never bring 
Ryoko to do that." Yosho laughed. "EVERYONE SHUT UP PLEASE!" Ayeka 
boomed. Everyone became quiet as Ayeka spoke. "Ryoko can stay in 
Sasami's bed." Ayeka smiled at how no one else had thought of that. "I 
wouldn't mind much if a demon slept in the same room as I. Besides, 
maybe this goddess can teach her manners." Ayeka said pointing, 
referring to herself as goddess. "Oh no! You won't get me to sleep near 
that brat!" Ryoko yelled. "Ryoko, it's settled, you sleep in Sasami's 
bed." Tenchi nodded. "Erg." Ryoko stormed off muttering curses under 
her breath. 
	After dinner (finally it's over! Lol) everyone got ready for bed. 
Ryoko phased into lavendar kimono (like the one she wore in OAV: I love 
Tenchi), Ayeka wore a kimono almost like Ryoko's only hers was pink, 
Sasami wore blue Pajamas, Washu wore her crab pajamas, and Tenchi, 
Yosho, and Nobuyuki drove off to Tokyo. 
	Later in Tenchi's room, Sasami plopped down onto his bed and 
grinned. "Ah, now I won't miss Tenchi so much!" She smiled sniffing in 
the smell of Tenchi's shampoo on his pillow. "Wow! I never noticed his 
hair smelled like Ayeka's baby powder she puts in her panties!" Sasami 
just giggled and went to sleep.
	In Ayeka and Sasami's room, Ryoko phased down onto Sasami's bed 
only to be stopped by something poking up into her kimono. "What the?" 
She lifted the covers and saw a little doll. "Oh gosh. How creepy." 
Ryoko said as she tossed the doll at the wall. "Much better." Ryoko 
said as she slipped under the covers. Just then, Ayeka tiptoed into the 
room smiling from ear to ear (ouch. How can someone's mouth stretch 
like that?) Thinking about something other then sleeping. Ayeka sat 
down onto her bed and looked at the sleeping Ryoko at the other side of 
the room. "Yes. I WILL teach her something." Ayeka whispered. "Ryoko." 
Ayeka cooed softly. "Ryoko." She said again. Then Ryoko rolled over 
onto the floor still fast asleep. "Gr. Ryoko, you really need to sleep 
lighter." She sighed. Ayeka slipped off of the bed slowly just in case 
Ryoko would wake up. She moved over towards the door and locked it. She 
moved back and crouched down near the sleeping Ryoko. Ryoko sniffed a 
little and could smell the baby powder in Ayeka's panties but she 
didn't seem to notice much. "Mmn. Tenchi." Ryoko rolled over. "Ayeka." 
She repeated. Ayeka blushed that Ryoko was dreaming about her so she 
kissed Ryoko on the cheek. Ryoko sat up instantly and began kissing 
Ayeka passionately slipping her tongue in and out. Ayeka did the same. 
Ayeka moaned "Oh. Ryoko." Then Ryoko's eyes popped open and she 
screamed "What the fuck!?!" Ryoko pushed away from Ayeka and growled. 
"What are you doing?" Ayeka just grinned an evil grin, "Well MY Ryoko, 
you just kissed me." Ryoko turned red, "What do you mean?" "Well," 
Ayeka began but she quickly leaned over to Ryoko and kissed her on the 
cheek. "I think, I love you Ryoko." Ayeka stood up and looked down at 
Ryoko. "Make love to me Ryoko. I need you to be mine. Mine only." Ayeka 
said in a lighter tone. "No way princes-" Ryoko was cut off by heavy 
breathing in her ear. Ayeka had lowerd her self to talk to Ryoko, "Oh 
Ryoko. Ryoko." Ayeka moaned in pleasure as she rubbed her hand over her 
pussy. "WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING!?!" Ryoko yelped as Ayeka began 
to lean in on her. "Ryoko. Are you feeling a little horney? I am." 
Ryoko just nodded, giving into her hormones and began to slip under 
Ayeka. Ayeka moaned as Ryoko began to slither up her kimono and rub her 
tongue against Ayeka's now wet panties. "Ryoko! Ryoko! Oh Oh!" Ayeka 
yelped in pleasure. "Okay now, Ryoko, It's MY turn to pleasure you!" 
She pushed Ryoko over to her bed and pulled off Ryoko's kimono. "Oh 
Ryoko! Your body is even more, how can I say, sexier than I ever 
thought!" Ryoko nodded. "Yep." Ayeka giggled and looked hungrily at 
Ryoko's panties. "Ryoko. I bet you taste sweet." She bent over and 
began to tug at Ryoko's panties with her teeth. "Oh!" Ryoko moaned. 
"Are you ready for me?" Ayeka asked. Ryoko nodded. "WAIT!" Ryoko ran 
into the closet, and a few minutes later she was in bright purple 
panties with a cat tail, and a bra to match. She also wore a purple set 
of cat ears on her head. "Now I am ready." She looked at Ayeka for a 
moment. "Hm. Ayeka. You need one to match." Ryoko phased out of the 
room and then fazed back with a bra and panty set just like her own 
only Ayeka's was pink. "Put this on." Ryoko handed the set to Ayeka who 
jumped into the closet. She came out wearing the outfit and grinned. 
"What's the tail for? And why is there a little button under the 
panties?" Ayeka knew the answer but she'd rather hear it from her 
Ryoko's lips. "Well, the button at the bottom, is so you can open it 
dear. Then the tail-which you can control yourself and make it do 
whatever you want- is used to slip inside of yourself, or someone 
else." Ryoko grinned. "Washu isn't the only one who makes neato stuff." 
"Ah. You are so smart, AND sexy Ryoko." Ayeka unbuttoned her little 
thong panties and slipped her tail inside, "OH! OH! OH YES! OH GOD! OH 
YES!" Ayeka moaned. "HEY! Don't forget, I'M the one your after." Ryoko 
added jealously. "I know." Ayeka took the tail out and kissed Ryoko. 
"Ryoko!" "Ayeka!" Ayeka reached down and unbuttoned Ryoko's panties and 
slipped her finger inside. "OH AYEKA! OH!" Ryoko moaned as Ayeka began 
to walk them both to Sasami's bed. They both laid down, Ryoko on top 
and Ayeka on bottom. They both stopped to laugh for a moment, and went 
back to kissing. "Ryoko. I never really loved Tenchi, I was just 
jealous that he had your heart. Ryoko, don't fall for Tenchi, I can 
treat you better then he could." Ryoko nodded. "I will always love you 
Ayeka." "Good. I love you, my little sex kitten." Ayeka and Ryoko 
giggled and then sighed. "I love you too master." Ryoko added. 
	While in Tenchi's room, Sasami seemed to be enjoying herself as 
well; she had taken out a Tenchi doll and was humping its little dick. 
"OH! TENCHI! OH, OH, OH! I'M READY TO CUM TENCHI! CUM, CUM, CUM!" She 
did cum indeed. All over the little Tenchi doll. "Oh Tenchi. How can we 
explain to all of them that we love to have sex with each other and 
that you love only my sweet young pussy?" She pretended to whisper in 
the doll's ear. "Sh. don't say a thing my horn doggy." Sasami giggled 
at her joke. "Lets just see if you dick can fit into my mouth my dear." 
She began to suck rapidly at the doll's little dick. 
	Back in Washu's lab, she was currently playing with one of her 
machines. "HIT ME BABY!" Washu yelled. It seems she wasn't the only 
horny girl in the house. "HUMP MY PUSSY DRY!" She screamed at the top 
of her lungs as a robot began to hump her. "OH OH YEAH! HUMP ME MORE 
YOU BITCH!" The robot slapped her ass. "You are only MY bitch." The 
robot said in a fake mechanical voice. Washu moaned. "You really know 
how to have fun." Washu giggled as the robot began to spill its juices 
inside of her. "I'm-OH! - So glad that-OH!- I -OH GOD!- added that -
AHHH!- cum storage space -ugh!- inside of you!" Washu yelled as the 
robot began to hump her harder. "MAKE ME CUM EVEN MORE BITCH!" the 
robot said while slapping her breasts. "I will then." She turned a knob 
on the robot with said 'horny meter' she turned it all the way up to 
'Nobuyuki' (lol). "OH OH OH OH OH! AH AH AH AH AH! HUMP ME BABY! HUMP 
ME!" The robot just slapped her ass again, "NO! GIVE ME HEAD OR I'LL 
SLAP YOU AGAIN BITCH!" Washu brought the robot's dick up to her mouth 
and began slurping as the robot humped her head. "Oh yes! Yes bitch! 
YES! YES!" Washu took the dick out of her mouth and shut off the robot. 
"Good boy." She laughed as she licked his metal body down. "Time to let 
you rest." 	
	    And back in the kitchen, Ryo-ohki seemed to be occupied as 
well. "MIYA! MIYA!" She yelped as Ken-ohki pounded into her. "CHEOW! 
CHEOW!" Ken-ohki responded. Just then Ken-ohki slapped her and growled. 
He hopped out of the kitchen leaving poor Ryo-ohki to think what she 
did wrong.
	
See? What did I tell you? Gallons and gallons of lemon spilled 
here I bet! Well, the next chapter will be a little more ON THE BALL 
(get it? Ball? Um guess not.) So it will still have a lot of lemon, but 
it will actually lead to something. Well, feel free to e-mail this 
horny bitch at HorneyHoneyChik@yahoo.com I know, it was probably bad of 
me to use Sasami as one of the horny girls, but that's the only way 
you'll get the next chapter. And about Ryo-ohki? Well, I thought she 
needed to have a little fun too.
