Well, here is the next chapter.  I hope you all like it.  Due to high demand, I have
dropped the Japanese except for certain words.  Read chapter 5 for the
translations.


DISCLAIMER: I don’t own Tenchi Muyo.  They are the property of AIC and
Pioneer.

 

 

 

 

                   Masaki Hausuho-rudo Rekidaishi

               (Translation: Masaki household chronicles)

                            Chapter 6

                         Nearing the storm

                                

                                

                                

            It was 7 in the morning when Tenchi woke up.  He looked around.  He
was surprised that Ryoko hadn’t tried to sneak into his room today.  He got
dressed and went downstairs.  He looked around at the quiet house.  Then he
smelled food being cooked in the kitchen.  He went in there and found Sasami,
cooking some vegetables.

 

            “Good morning Sasami.” Said Tenchi.

 

            “Good morning Tenchi.” She said, smiling back at him.  “You’re up pretty
early.  No one usually wakes up for another hour, especially since you don’t have
school today.”

 

            Just then, Ryoko phased behind Tenchi and hugged him tightly.

 

            “Good morning Tenchi.” She said.  “I figured you wouldn’t mind if I held
you after you got dressed.”

 

            “Uh, Ryoko,” said Tenchi, blushing, “could you please let go of my
crotch?!”

 

            Ryoko looked down.  “Oops!” she said.  “Sorry.” Then she let go.  “Well,
I’m going to start on the laundry.  Bye!”  Then she kissed Tenchi on the cheek and
phased out.

 

            Tenchi and Sasami both stood still, with a confused look on their faces.

 

            “Um, Tenchi,” asked Sasami, “is Ryoko okay?”

 

            “I’m not sure.” Answered Tenchi.  “When we get back home from
shopping, I’ll go see if she’s alright.”

 

            Just then Ryoko phased back in.

 

            “Oh yeah, I almost forgot!” she said.  “Don’t worry about breakfast.” 
Then she tossed two paper bags at Tenchi and Sasami, who caught it quickly.  “I
already bought breakfast.  Well, see ya!”  Then she phased out again.

 

                                

 (<?xml:namespace prefix = st1 ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags"
                            />8 a.m.)

                                

                                

            Everyone was eating breakfast.  Aeka was eating her food and noticed the
different taste to it.

 

            “This isn’t your usual cooking Sasami.” She said.  “Did you try a different
recipe?”

 

            “No.” said Sasami.  “Ryoko bought it.”

 

            Aeka nearly choked on her food when Sasami said this.

 

            “What?!” she said surprisingly.  “Why would she do something like that?!”

 

            “We’re not sure either.” Said Tenchi.  “This morning, she was calm, and
she even did laundry.”

 

            This statement surprised Washu.  “Now that’s strange.” She said.  “We
can’t even get her to do her chore, much less somebody else’s.  I think I’ll see if
she’s alright later.”

 

            “She’s probably just up to something!” exclaimed Aeka.  “That space
pirate would never do anything like this for any reason at all!”

 

            “You’re probably right.” Said Tenchi.  “But let’s give her the benefit of the
doubt, okay?”

 

            “If you insist.” Said Aeka.  “But I am still watching my back.”

 

            “What are you so paranoid about?” asked Pixelle.  “She’s just out staging
you, that’s all.”

 

            Aeka became furious.  “She will not!  Come Tenchi-sama!  Let’s go
Sasami!  We have a busy day ahead of us!”

 

            Tenchi and Sasami just shrugged their shoulders and followed her.  Then
Tenchi saw Nobuyuki carrying a box of certain contents.  He looked inside it and
got a nosebleed.

 

            “Dad!” exclaimed Tenchi.  “What are those things doing out of your
room?!”

 

            “I’m just throwing them away, that’s all.” Answered Nobuyuki.

 

            Everyone’s eyes went wide when they heard what he said.  Then
Nobuyuki left.  Washu just grinned.  Nobody noticed it.

 

“Maybe you should check to see if he’s alright too.” Tenchi said to Washu.  Then
they left the house.

 

            

 

 

                             (9 a.m.)

                                

                                

                                

Pixelle and Ryoko were in the living room talking.

 

            “See!” said Pixelle.  “Being a little passive works.”

“Yeah, I know.” Said Ryoko.  “Resisting is hard though.  I want to express my
emotions to him in the fullest way possible.  I also don’t want that bitch to steal
Tenchi away!”

 

            “Well she’s going to succeed if you keep glomping and groping him.” Said
Pixelle.  Then she handed Ryoko a briefcase.  “Take this.  It contains a few things
to ruin their little moment out together.  Just make sure you don’t get spotted!”

 

            “Yeah yeah!” said Ryoko as she took the briefcase.  “Just be sure to call
me once in a while to make sure I don’t lose control, or if one of your plans
backfires.  Believe me; it’s very possible, especially when Aeka is involved.”  Then
she phased out.

 

 

                         (10 a.m, the town)

                                

                                

It was a cool autumn morning.  Tenchi, Aeka, Sasami, and Ryo- ohki were
walking around a clothing store.  They were looking for school clothes for Tenchi
to wear.  Also, some things for themselves.  They were having Tenchi try on many
things.  Then they tried on many things.  Ryoko came in, hid herself, and put on her
disguise.  Then she came back out.  Her hair was now blonde, tied back, and had
blue contact lenses on.  Her clothing was a long black gown usually worn at balls.

 

            “(Now I can sneak around and nobody will recognize me).” She said
triumphantly.  “(Now all I need to do is make Aeka’s time here miserable
without being noticed.  Unfortunately, I also have make Tenchi
uncomfortable as well.  Pixelle better be right, or else I’m tearing off those
wings of hers)!”

 

Then she heard some guys behind her.

 

            “What do you want?!” she exclaimed.

 

            “We were just wondering if you had some nice tits to go with that great ass
of yours.” One of the groups said.

 

            Ryoko clenched her fist.  “I have a better idea.” She said.  “How about if I
kick your asses instead?”

 

            “Give it to us baby!” said the other one.  “We like it rough!”

 

            “Then you’ll love this.” Said Ryoko.

 

            She punched one guy square in the face, and kicked the other one in the
crotch.  They both passed out.  The third one just ran away.  Ryoko picked up a
chair and threw it at him.  This caused the guy to fly into a magazine rack.  Ryoko
phased away before anyone could see her.

 

 

                          (Masaki home)

                                

                                

            Pixelle was in the living room watching TV.  Washu was in her lab, and
Nobuyuki was at work.  Washu came out of the lab and greeted Pixelle.

 

            “Good afternoon.” Said Washu.  “You seem bored.  What’s on?”

 

            “Nothing good.” Said Pixelle.  “What do these people do to pass time
around here?  I’m really bored!”

 

            “Is that so?” said Washu.  “In that case, I do need somebody to help me in
the lab.  Go get us something to eat and meet me there.”

 

            “I’m not THAT bored!” exclaimed Pixelle.  “Can’t we do something fun?”

 

            “This is fun.” Said Washu as she grabbed Pixelle and was dragging her to
the lab.

 

 

                             (Lab)

                                

                                

            Washu was displaying a large machine to Pixelle, explaining every detail to
it.  Pixelle was even more bored, but pretending to be interested, since Washu was
easily insulted by being bored of science.  The phone suddenly rang.  Pixelle
rushed to pick it up.

 

            “Hello?” she said.

 

            It was Ryoko.  “Hey Pixelle.” Said Ryoko.  “You didn’t tell me what the
contents were inside this thing.  I can’t read any of the writing.  What kind of
language is it anyway?”

 

            “An old fairy language.” Answered Pixelle.  “I guess I should have told you
that.  But don’t worry.  I color-coded them also.  Blue means sleep.  Red means
laxative.  Green means stimulant.  Yellow means sickness.  Purple means, uh, I
forgot what purple meant, but that doesn’t matter.  It’s for emergencies anyway. 
Whatever you do though, don’t use the black one and t! he white one unless you
really have to!”

 

            “Why not?” asked Ryoko.

 

            “Black is a super aphrodisiac.  Use that one later.  White is something
poisonous.  Don’t ever use that!”

 

            “Then why did you put it in here?!”

 

            “I don’t know!  I got carried away!  Don’t call back unless it’s an
emergency!”

 

            Then Pixelle hung up the phone.

 

            “Bitch!” thought Ryoko aloud.   “Now where are they now?” (Looks
around) “There they are!”

 

            Sasami, Tenchi, Aeka, and Ryo-ohki were waiting at a table for their
food.  Ryoko phased in the kitchen and saw the number and what they were
having.  She saw a parfait, a sundae, a milkshake, and a carrot pastry.

 

            “Hmm.” She thought.  “Now which one is Aekas?”

 

            The restaurant manager tapped Ryoko on the shoulder.

 

            “What are you doing here?” he said impatiently.  “Are you the new
waitress I hired?” (He examines the picture).  “You seem to match the description. 
Blonde hair, blue eyes.  That dress will have to go.  Here, put this on.” (Hands her
a uniform).  “There.  Now get to work!”  Then he left.

 

            Ryoko put on the uniform and opened case Pixelle gave her.  

 

            “Now which one is the laxative?  Hmm.  Here we go!”

 

            Ryoko opened the red bottle and poured some on the parfait, assuming
this was Aeka’s.  Then she brought them their orders.

 

            At the table, she saw that they were talking and having a good time.  She
listened to their conversation.

 

            “I am having such a wonderful time, aren’t you?” asked Aeka.

 

            “Yeah.” Said Tenchi.  “But why are we having dessert first?”  I thought
lunch came before that?”

 

            “I decided to try a different approach.” Said Aeka.  “Which reminds me,
what is taking that waiter so long?  It’s been a half hour already.”

 

            Ryoko hurried to the table.  Aeka looked at her in a puzzled manner.

 

            “You look strangely familiar.” She said.  “Have we met before?”

 

            Shocked, Ryoko tried to use a fake voice.  “No, I don’t know what
your’re talking about.  We have never met before.”

 

            Ryo-ohki jumped off the table and nuzzled on Ryoko’s leg.

 

            “Aww how cute!” said Sasami.  “Ryo-ohki likes you.”

 

            “Go away!” whispered Ryoko.  But Ryo-ohki didn’t listen.  She knew
who it really was.

 

            “Hmm. Now that I think about it,” said Tenchi, “she kind of does look
familiar, but I don’t quite know where.”

 

            “Yes you’re right Tenchi-sama. Said Aeka.  “But it couldn’t be.  This
waitress is too friendly to be that filthy space pirate Ryoko.”

 

            Ryoko, resisting every urge to throw the food plate on Aeka, calmly
laughed.

 

            “Oh, me?”  Said Ryoko.  “You think I look like a space pirate?  So she
must be beautiful then.”

 

            “Oh, I’m sorry.” Said Aeka.  “Please accept my apologies.  I wasn’t
referring to her as ugly.  I just said you look like her, that’s all.  The only difference
is that she’s actually a grotesque monster once you get to know her.”

 

            Ryoko’s hands were now shaking.  Her teeth were now grinding.  She
took a deep breath, and then placed the tray on the table.  Ryo-ohki jumped back
on the table to eat the carrot pastry.  Ryoko calmly walked back into the kitchen
and started to break dishes.  Muttering foul language under her breath.  The other
chefs and waiters looked at her strangely.  The manager got angry.

 

            “This is coming out of your paycheck!” he yelled.

            

“(Who the hell cares)!” thought Ryoko.  “(It’s not even my check to begin
with)!”

 

            Back at the table, Sasami was eating her sundae, Aeka was drinking her
milkshake, and Tenchi was eating his parfait.

 

            “You’re right Aeka.” Said Tenchi.  “This parfait is really good!  I’m glad
you talked me into ordering it.”

 

            Within a few moments, Tenchi had to use the bathroom really bad.  Ryoko
looked over from the kitchen and saw Tenchi running to the bathroom.  Ryoko
was puzzled.  Then she saw the empty parfait glass where Tenchi was eating. 

 

            “Kuso!” exclaimed Ryoko.  “I didn’t know Tenchi even liked parfaits! 
Aeka probably traded with him!  Damn that bitch!”

 

            Ryoko ran to the table.

 

            “What happened to him?” she asked.

 

            “I’m not sure.” Answered Aeka.  “Maybe he’s lactose intolerant.  I did let
him try some of my milkshake.”

 

            Ryoko went back to the kitchen and called Pixelle.

 

            “What do you want?” asked Pixelle.

 

            “Tenchi accidentally ate the blue laxative stuff instead of Aeka.” She said.

 

            “I guess you’re screwed until lunch.” Said Pixelle.  “Listen. Washu is
looking at me suspiciously, so you’ll have to call me back.  Just watch them until
then.”  Then she hung up the phone.

 

            “How can Washu stand her?” Ryoko wondered.

 

 

                                                           (Lab)

 

 

            Washu was looking at Pixelle in a disgusted look.  She knew that Pixelle
was up to something and had gotten Ryoko involved.

 

            “What are you up to?” asked Washu.  “And don’t tell me nothing because
I know that isn’t so.”

 

            “I’m just helping Ryoko get Tenchi.”  Answered Pixelle.  “Why is none of
your concern.”

 

            “If you insist.” Said Washu.  “But you don’t need to do it for me.”

 

            “Who said I was?!”  Exclaimed Pixelle.

 

            Washu just smiled and shook her head.  “Keep it a secret if you wish, but
don’t let yourself be known.”

 

            “Yeah yeah.” Said Pixelle, ignoring Washu’s last statement.  “I know what
I’m doing.  Well, I’m going to look for food.  Want any?”

 

            “Surprise me.” Said Washu.  “Just stay away from the alcohol.  You know
what that does to you.”

 

            Pixelle nodded and exited the laboratory.  When she went in the kitchen,
she started grumbling to herself.

 

            “What does she know anyway?!  Always treating me like a child!  Don’t
do this!  Don’t eat this!  Like I don’t know what’s good for me!  Even
Kojiro-sama says I can’t eat or drink a certain item!  Now let’s see what’s in
here.” (Opens cupboards).  “Hmm, instant meals, seasonings, full bottles of
something.” (Takes a bottle).  “Too bad I can’t read kanji.” (Opens bottle, tastes
it.)  “Yuck!  By the taste of this, this is either rubbing alcohol or sake!” (Takes
another sip). “Yep!  Definitely sake.” (Puts down bottle, then takes some instant
ramen and cooks it).  “I don’t feel like cooking.”

 

(Authors note: “Sake” is Japanese wine).

 

            When the ramen was finished, Pixelle gave it to Washu, and then went to
the living room to watch TV.  As she was watching, she decided to drink the sake
to see if the boring programs on TV. would become more interesting.

 

            “Gnomes are boring.” She started saying.  “All they want to do is work.  I
don’t like Goblins either, since they remind me of imps.” (Sigh), “When is
Kojiro-sama going to come pick me up?  This planet is beautiful, but there isn’t
much else to do here, especially since I can’t go out in public.”

 

            As time passed, Pixelle began to feel the effects of the sake. 

 

            “What’s Washu talking about?” she said.  “I feel just fine.  A little weird,
but just fine.  And this weather channel is starting to look interesting.”

 

            Just then the phone rang.  Pixelle got up and answered it.  It was Ryoko.

 

            “What’s up Ryoko?” said Pixelle.  “I’m glad you called.  I’m really bored.”

 

            “Just drink sake.” Said Ryoko.  “It’s amazing how easily you can cure
boredom with just a few bottles, several for me.  But anyway, Tenchi is feeling
better now, and has just ordered lunch.  Which content do you prefer?”

 

            “Give them the stimulant.” Said Pixelle.  “They’ll be so hyper that they
won’t be able to enjoy themselves.  Just make sure that Sasami doesn’t have any
of it.”

 

            “I’ll make sure of that.” Said Ryoko.  Well, I’ve gotta go! Bye!”

 

 

                           (Restaurant)

                                

                                

            After Ryoko hung up the phone, the manager started yelling at her.

 

            “What kind of an employee are you?!” he shouted.  “First you break the
dishes, then you sit around and do nothing, and now you’re talking on the phone!! 
One more mistake and you’re fired!!”

 

            “Uh, yes sir!” answered Ryoko.  “I’ll get back to work!  Bye!”

 

            Then Ryoko went into the kitchen.  She looked at the order numbers. 
After reading what Tenchi and Aeka ordered, she pushed a cook aside and started
cooking the food.  The cook got angry and moved her aside.  She calmly watched
the cook and opened the case.  She looked at the bottles, forgetting which one the
stimulant was.

 

            “(Damn)!” she thought.  “(Which one is it)?” (Grabs black bottle). 
“(This must be it)!”

 

            Ryoko distracted the chef by splitting into two.  Her double threw foil in
the microwave when no one was looking and turned it on.  The original was just
standing behind the chef.  Within seconds, the microwave caught fire.  Everyone
quickly tried to put it out.  The double Ryoko was also there, pretending to help,
while the original Ryoko poured some of the liquid into the food.  During the
commotion, the two became one and nobody noticed.

 

 

                     (Masaki house)(Much later)

                                

                                

            Pixelle was now reading a romance novel, now a little drunk, since she still
had the sake.  The contents excited her somewhat, and the alcohol from the sake
amplified it.  As she was reading, Washu walked out of the laboratory and saw
Pixelle reading and drinking sake.  Washu hurried and took the bottle away from
her.

 

            “What the hell do you think you’re doing?!” Pixelle exclaimed.

 

            “Didn’t I tell you not to drink alcohol?!” exclaimed Washu.

 

            “You tell me not to do a lot of things!” answered Pixelle.  “Besides, I’m
thousands of years above the drinking age!”

 

            “But you’re not other people.” Said Washu.  “You have a different
bloodstream from others!  Certain things affect your body in certain ways!  In this
scenario, alcohol acts as an amplified aphrodisiac to your anatomy!  In laments
term, you are very horny right now!”

 

            “Am not!” exclaimed Pixelle, but then blushed when she noticed the
moistness in her lower area.  “Well, maybe a little, but I can control it!”

 

            “Not if a male enters this domicile!” Answered Washu.  “Then your body
will have something to react to!  Unfortunately, I’m not prepared for this situation,
so I’ll have to ask Katsuhito to help me locate specified ingredients to create a
serum to counteract the effect.  Until we return, do not leave the house!  I repeat,
DO NOT leave the house!”

 

            “I told you I have it under control!” exclaimed Pixelle.  “But if it stops your
nagging, I won’t go anywhere!  There, are you happy?!”

 

            “As long as nothing happens.” Said Washu.  Then she left the house.

 

 

 

                     (Restaurant: some time later)

                                

                                

                                

            The food was done and Ryoko brought it out to them in trays.

 

            “Wow!” said Tenchi.  “The food smells great!”

 

            “I agree.” Said Aeka.  “It does have a very nice fragrance.”

 

            “Too bad my food doesn’t have an aroma.” Said Sasami.

 

            “Miya!” said Ryo-ohki in delight.

 

            Ryoko handed them their food.  Tenchi had a king crab, Aeka had a
Caesar salad, with plenty of dressing, Sasami had sushi and Ryo-ohki had (you
guessed it) steamed carrots.  Sasami had originally ordered a salad, but Ryoko
persuaded her to have sushi instead (since it was one of the foods that Ryoko
didn’t mess with).  As they were about to eat, Nobuyuki walked to their table.

 

            “Hi Dad!” said Tenchi.  “What brings you here?  I thought you were at
work?”

 

            “I was.” Answered Nobuyuki.  “But the power in the building went out
and all the pencils were missing, so they sent us home while some repairmen came
and fixed the power.  The best part is that I get the rest of the day off, and still get
paid for a full day!  I also heard that you were here, so I came to see if you had
become a man yet.”

 

            “Dad!” exclaimed Tenchi.  “It’s nothing like that!”

 

            “That’s too bad.” Said Nobuyuki.  “But don’t worry; it’s going to happen
eventually.”(Looks at the food). “That crab sure looks tasty! Can I have the claws
to eat on my way home?”

 

            “Okay.” Said Tenchi, then realized what his father just said. “Wait a
minute!  Why would you want to go home so badly?”(Then remembers Pixelle and
Ryoko). “Don’t even think about what I think you’re thinking!  They’ll kill you if
you try anything!”

 

            Nobuyuki just laughed.  “Don’t worry about me son!  The worst they
could is hurt me.  They wouldn’t kill me as long as you’re my son.  Besides, I’m
trying a different approach.  Wish me luck Tenchi!  And good luck on becoming a
man!”

 

            Tenchi just sighed and put his head down in embarrassment.  Nobuyuki
took the crab claws, which were already cut open, and put them in a napkin.  As
he was about to leave, he noticed the waitress (Ryoko).

 

            “Hmm.” He said.  “You look kind of familiar.  Oh well.  I probably just
saw you somewhere else before and remembered your face.”  Then he left.

 

            Tenchi was a little surprised.  “He didn’t even flirt with her.” He said.  “I
wonder why?”

 

 

 

                (Alley of Nobuyuki’s workplace building)

                                

                                

                                

            Kai was walking out of the back door of the building.  Two small imps
were following him.

 

            “Thanks for bringing the two of us back to life.” Said Imp1.

 

            “Yeah.  Hell is horrible, even for us!” said Imp2.  “But why didn’t you
bring the others back too?”

 

            “They weren’t of any use to me!” said Kai.  “Besides, they were filthy
looking and have horrible manners!  I rarely tolerate filth like that!  Consider
yourselves lucky to have some manners, especially since your shameful failure that
other night!”

 

            “Why did Clay want us to kill the power and steal the pencils from that
building anyway?” asked Imp2.

 

            “Apparently he has some scientific use for the building.” Answered Kai. 
“Besides, I did a background check on this buildings foundation.  It seems that it
was once one of the many doorways leading to the underworld.  With my
summoning power used in a place like that, I’ll have enough power to summon
anything I want! No matter how powerful the demon, it will be under my control! 
Who knows, even the devil himself could be under my control!”

 

            “I wouldn’t put any money on that.”  Said Imp1.  “I met the guy.  He’s
probably as powerful as Lady Tokimi.”

 

            “I doubt it.” Said Kai.  “If that were so, then he would have overthrown
her and Tsunami.”

 

            Both Imps just shrugged as Kai called Dr. Clay telepathically.

 

“Everything is in order.” Kai announced.  “A magic barrier has even been built to
keep Washu from detecting you.  You are clear to enter.”

 

            Dr. Clay transported in front of Kai.  “Good.” He said.  “Everything is
going as planned.  Has the shapeshifing demon possessed the owner of this
building yet?”

 

            Kai nodded.

 

            “Excellent!”  Said Dr. Clay ecstatically.  “I shall now convert the building
into our new stronghold.”

 

            “But why make the workers leave?” asked Kai.  “Couldn’t we have just
made them our laborers?  Or possibly just kill them?”

 

            Dr. Clay shook his head.  “That is why Lady Tokimi did not put you in
charge of this mission.  If we did any such thing, attention would arise, and we do
not want to be discovered yet.  When my plan is achieved, Lady Tokimi will
reward us and we shall have our vengeance!  “Washu will be put in her place, and
you shall have that battle with Kojiro you wished for.  Besides, the workers will
come back tomorrow and start working on a new project, unknowing of what it
can do.”

 

            The four of them entered the new building that they now owned.

 

 

 

                       (Forest around shrine)

                                

                                

                                

            After Washu had told Yosho about what had happened, he agreed and
helped Washu look for ingredients.

 

            “You do know how demeaning this is for a genius such as myself?” stated
Washu.  “Having to look for herbs by hand and all.  If the herb wasn’t so rare,
then I could’ve just whipped up an antidote via holotop.  But no use fussing about
it, since Pixelle needs it.”

 

            Yosho was just calmly helping Washu with her search.   “May I ask you a
question?”

 

            “As long as it doesn’t have to do with my plan failing.” Answered Washu.

 

            “Actually,” continued Yosho,   “it has to do with you being too late.”

 

            Washu thought for a second, and then responded.  “The only way I can be
too late is if fate makes us too late.  Besides, she’s by herself, what’s the worst that
can happen?”

 

            “You do know its bad luck to say that right?” said Yosho.

 

            “Don’t be superstitious.”  Said Washu proudly.  “That theory has not been
scientifically proven.  I also don’t believe in fate.  It’s too depressing.  In fact, I
laugh at fate! Hahahahahahaha!”

 

            As they walked on, they saw a kappa by a tree.  It looked at them, and
then walked to them.

 

            “Hello.” It said.  “You must be a friend of Pixelles.  My names Byron.”

 

            “How did you know about Pixelle?” asked Washu.

 

            “I know a lot of things.” Byron continued.  “I even know that you’re
looking for a special herb that only grows in certain parts of this planet, and is even
rare on Jurai.”

 

            “Yes.” Answered Washu.  “Do you know where some grow?”

 

            “Of course I do.” Said Byron.  “But if you want it, you’re going to have to
play a little game first.”

 

            “We don’t have time for games!” exclaimed Washu.  “Every minute
counts!”

 

            “Normally, I don’t talk to humans.” Said Byron.  “But I overheard your
conversation about laughing at fate.  It really bothers me when humans try to go
against the cosmos!  So here’s the deal.  You find me three times, and I’ll give you
all the herbs you can carry.”

 

            “Like I said,” said Washu in a stern voice, “I don’t have time for this!”

 

            “Neither does Pixelle.”  He said with a smirk.  “But you must not care
enough for her.”

 

            “You must really be bored!” growled Washu.  “Fine!  We’ll play your
game!”

 

            “Excellent!” exclaimed Byron with delight.  “It’s been a long time since I
had a playmate!  As an added bonus, I’ll tell you something interesting, but only if
you win my game!  Try to find me, if you can.”  (Disappears).

 

            “Hey!  No fair! Shouted Washu.  “I won’t be able to see you!”

 

            Yosho tapped her shoulder and whispered in her ear.  “A kappa is a
water spirit, and Jurians can see them, since use the same chemistry as fairies
to cloak themselves.  I’ll spot him for you, and you grab him each time.”

 

            “I completely forgot!” whispered Washu.  “Thank you for your help. 
Even if we are too late, we’ll always have some more just in case.”

 

            So the three of them proceeded to find an invisible kappa in a large forest.

                                

                                

                                

                                

                   (Masaki house) (Late afternoon)

                                

                                

                                

                                

            Nobuyuki entered the house and sat on the couch, tired from all of the stair
climbing.  

 

            “There has got to be an easier way to get home.” He said.  “I would be
starving if I didn’t have those crab legs on the way.  I wonder where Pixelle and
Ryoko are.  Maybe Washu knows.”

 

            He walked to the closet where her lab was.  He opened it, and it was just
a closet.

 

            “I guess she isn’t here.” he said to himself.  “Pixelle!  Ryoko!” he said out
loud.  “Is anybody home?  I came home from work early!  Long story!  Do you
want to go to the restaurant that Tenchi and the others went to?”

 

            He looked upstairs to see if anybody was there.

 

            “Maybe they’re at the shrine or something.” Thought Nobuyuki.  “I’ll go
and see.”

 

            As he went downstairs, he heard the front door lock.  He went to the living
room and saw Pixelle walking toward him, looking seductively at him.  

 

            “Um, are you okay?” he asked.  Then he saw a large sake bottle, its
contents almost empty (Washu failed to take it from her in time).  “Isn’t this
Ryoko’s special sake?  I wouldn’t want to be you when she finds it almost empty.”

 

            “It doesn’t matter.” Said Pixelle seductively as she sat Nobuyuki down on
the sofa. “Let’s just say I’m glad to see you.” (Interrupts herself) “Did I just say
that?!  Washu really wasn’t joking!  I am very horny right now!”

 

            Nobuyuki’s eyes went wide and smiled in delight.  “R-really?” he asked.

 

            “Yes.” Answered Pixelle seductively.  “Right here, right now.” (Interrupts
herself again).  “No!  I can’t!  I barely even know you!”

 

            “What happened?” asked Nobuyuki.

 

            “It seems that alcohol makes me very horny.” Answered Pixelle.  “Washu
and the old guy are out looking for an antidote.  She also told me to not leave the
house.”

 

            “So why not let me relieve your sexual tensions?” asked Nobuyuki.

 

            Pixelle sat in front of him and gently caressed his chest.  Then she stopped
herself.  “No!  I can’t!  Especially not to a human, no offense!” (Loses control). 
“On second thought, maybe I’m being a little prejudice about this.  I should always
try new things.”

 

            She embraced him and started kissing his neck.  Then the phone rang. 
Pixelle regained control and picked it up.  It was Ryoko.

 

            “We have an emergency Pixelle.” Said Ryoko worriedly.  It seems that the
real waitress is here.  I didn’t know what to do, so I tied her up and placed her in
the garbage out in the alley.  It won’t be long before they find her.  Also…” (She
could hear heavy breathing on Pixelles side).  “Why are you breathing so hard?”

 

            Pixelle had lost control again.  She signaled for Nobuyuki to come to her.

 

            “(I might pay for this later),” he thought, “(but I’d be foolish to pass
up an offer like this).”

 

            He proceeded to Pixelle.  He kissed her, first quick, then longer and
slower.

 

            “Pixelle?” continued Ryoko.  “Are you listening?”

 

            “Listen.” Said Pixelle calmly, “I’m going to have to hang up on you.  As
long as you (moans) didn’t use the black or white contents, then you should be
fine.”(Moans) “Bye!” (Hangs up phone).

 

            “This isn’t good.” Thought Ryoko aloud.  “I don’t know what’s gotten into
Pixelle, but I have quite a situation to handle.”

 

            Ryoko looked over at the table and saw Aeka and Tenchi, staring at each
other, blushing a deep red.  Sasami was looking at them strangely.  “Is something
wrong?” she asked. 

 

 “N-nothing Sasami.” Said Aeka quietly and nervously.  “By the w-way, where is
Ryo-ohki?”

 

            “She ran out of the resturaunt after she ate.” Answered Sasami.  “I don’t
know what’s gotten into her.  We have to find her!”

 

            “Need help?” asked Ryoko, who had already removed her disguise and
was in her normal clothing.

 

            “Wow!  Great timing!” beamed Sasami.  “Tenchi and Aeka are acting
strangely, and Ryo-ohki just ran off somewhere!”

 

            “I could help by seeing what’s wrong with them.” Ryoko suggested as she
went to Tenchi and embraced him, who in turn blushed deeply.  “Wow!  He didn’t
even fight back.”

 

            Aeka snapped back to reality.  “You get away from him!” she shouted. 
“And what are you doing here?!”

 

            “To check up on my Tenchi.” Answered Ryoko, and then kissed him. 
“(This is strange.  He’s not saying anything).”

 

            Aeka was furious.  “How dare you!  Get away from him this instant!”

 

            “Make me.”

 

            Aeka jumped out of her chair and tackled Ryoko and Tenchi.  Suddenly,
they stopped.  They looked at Tenchi’s pants.  He had an erection that wasn’t
easy to hide.  Aeka blushed deeply.  Tenchi tried to cover it up.  Sasami closed
her eyes.

 

            “(It seems that I really messed up this time).” Thought Ryoko.  “(Oh
well, might as well turn a negative into a positive).”  “So that’s what’s wrong. 
I’m glad to see you too Tenchi!”

 

            Tenchi became embarrassed and nervous.  “I-i-it’s n-not what you think
Ryoko!  I-I think it was something I ate!”

 

            Ryoko also felt moistness in on Aeka.  “Sorry Aeka.” She said while
pushing Aeka off.  “Nothing personal, but I don’t swing that way.”

 

            Aeka was red with embarrassment.  “It was most certainly not from you! 
These awkward feelings were here long before you arrived!”

 

            “So you were having impure thoughts about Tenchi?” Ryoko asked, even
though she knew the answer.

 

            Aeka now blushed and turned away.  “T-that’s none of your business! 
But we’re not talking about me!  I won’t let you corrupt Tenchi-sama’s mind!”

 

            “This coming from someone whose panties are soaking?” quipped Ryoko. 
“Besides, Tenchi’s a little ‘bothered’ right now.  We should take him home.”

 

            “Not without me!” exclaimed Aeka.  

 

            “But what about Ryo-ohki?” asked Sasami.

 

            “She can wait!” answered Aeka.  “Right now, I have more important
matters to tend to!”

 

            “No you won’t!” shouted Sasami.  “If you don’t help me find Ryo-ohki,
then I’ll look for her myself!”

 

            Aeka sighed.  “Fine, I’ll help you find her.  But only if Ryoko helps too!”

 

            “Fine, I will. Said Ryoko.  “After all, she is my spaceship.  But let’s take
Tenchi to the train first.”

 

            “Very well.” Said Aeka.  “Let’s just get this over with!”

 

 

 

                          (Masaki house)

                                

                                

            Pixelle had just regained control of herself and pushed Nobuyuki off of her.

 

“It seems that my resistance is weak.” Said Pixelle.  I need to get out o…” (Loses
control). “Let’s go upstairs!”

 

            Pixelle had now lost all control and wouldn’t be back to normal until all of
the alcohol has left her system.  She dragged Nobuyuki upstairs, and looked
around.  

 

            “Let’s use my room.” Suggested Nobuyuki. 

 

            She led them to his room, locked the door, and sat down on the bed.  She
slowly removed her skirt, from the thigh, to the knees, and finally, to the ankles,
until it was completely removed.  Then she tried to take off her shirt, but her wings
made it very difficult to do.  Nobuyuki assisted her.  He went in back of her and
was adjusting her wings so they could slide off her shirt.  Once it was off, she
started kissing Nobuyuki passionately while unbuttoning his shirt.  He removed the
arm sleeves.  Pixelle was surprise! d to see that he had a decent build.  He wasn’t
buff, but he didn’t have any fat on him either.  He layed her down and started
caressing her soft breasts, still kissing.  He took one of his hands away from a
breast and was now caressing her wings.  Pixelle was feeling great ecstasy from
her breast and wing being slowly caressed at once.

 

            Nobuyuki broke the kiss and was now kissing her neck.  Pixelle grabbed
on to his back and caressed it, and brought his head closer to her neck.  After a
while, she sat up, rolled him on his back, and placed herself on him.  She
unbuckled his belt while he caressed the center of her breasts.  Pixelle moaned
every time his fingers touched her now stiff nipples.  He removed one hand from
her breast and was now rubbing her clit.  After all the time she was holding the
urge, she couldn’t take it anymore and orgasmed.

 

            This surprised Nobuyuki.  “I guess all that caressing brought you over the
limit.”

 

            “I have been holding it for hours.” Pixelle answered.  

 

            However, the alcohol in Pixelle’s system has not left yet, and was ready to
go again.

 

            “Wow! That fast?” exclaimed a surprised Nobuyuki.  “How’s that
possible?”

 

            “Who cares?” said Pixelle as she pushed him down on the bed and started
kissing him again.

 

                                

                          (Train station)

                                

                                

            It was late afternoon when Ryoko dropped Tenchi at the train station. 
After that, the rest of them went out to look for Ryo-ohki.  Tenchi found a seat and
sat down.  As he was trying to focus his erection away, he felt a hand on his
crotch.  He turned and jumped out of his chair.

 

            “Ryoko?!”  Exclaimed Tenchi.  W-what are you doing here?!  I saw you
leave with the others!”

 

            “You mean you saw my double leave.” Answered Ryoko.  “Now I can be
two places at once.  Doesn’t that make you happy?”

 

            “Yes and no.” answered Tenchi.  “One thing comes to mind though.  Did
you have anything to do with this?”

 

            Ryoko smiled.  “Why Tenchi, I have no idea what you’re talking about.”

 

            Tenchi sighed.  “Aeka was right.  You were up to something.”

 

            “It’ll be evening by the time we reach home.” Said Ryoko seductively. 
“There are lots of things that we can do in the dark.”

 

            Tenchi blushed.  “This isn’t helping Ryoko!”

 

            “I’ll admit it.” Said Ryoko.  “I did screw up and gave you and Aeka the
wrong potion, but in a way, it did work out.  She didn’t put up much of a fight, and
you aren’t resisting me like your usual self.”

 

            “Ryoko!” exclaimed Tenchi.  “This isn’t right!  We need Washu to fix
this!” (Remembers the nurse Washu event).   “Uh, on second thought, maybe I’ll
just sleep it off.”

 

            “Why sleep it off when I can relieve it for you right away?” continued
Ryoko.  “Besides, you wouldn’t want to have a wet dream, now would you?”

 

            “Uh, um, I, uh...” (Ryoko interrupts him with a kiss).

 

            Tenchi tries to resist, but somehow stops.  Ryoko notices this and breaks
the kiss.

 

            “If you liked that, then you’ll love what we’ll do when we get home.”

 

            “Uh, I-I d-on’t think we shou...” (Ryoko interrupts him with another kiss)
“(Oh no)!” he thought.  “(I’m having trouble controlling my hormones!  My
mind and my body are in a real battle right now!  I can only hope that
somebody’s around to stop us when we get there)!”

 

 

                 (Meanwhile, at the Masaki residence)

                                

                                

 

            Pixelle and Nobuyuki were at their current position again.  After a while,
they switched positions, with her lying down and him on top of her.  She was now
removing his pants and boxers quickly, exposing his full erection.

 

            “Be gentle.” She said softly.  “This is my first time.”

 

            “Don’t worry.” Nobuyuki said.  “But I warn you.  This will hurt a little.”

 

            He gave her a soft kiss and then entered her slowly.  Pixelle was feeling
pleasure from it until her barrier was finally penetrated and broken.

 

            “Ouch!!”  She yelled.  “I thought you said it was only going to hurt a little!”

 

            “Sorry.” Said Nobuyuki apologetically.  “Do you want me to stop?”

 

            “No.” answered Pixelle.  “The pains going away anyway.  Like I said, just
be gentle.”

 

            So he continued, inserting himself into her slowly, in and out again.  She
moaned, then inched herself deeper into him, which Nobuyuki welcomed.  After a
while, he noticed that he hasn’t climaxed yet, and still had the stamina to continue.
(Authors note: He didn’t realize that the crab legs that he ate contained the
contents that Ryoko poured in Tenchi’s lunch).

 

            As he was thrusting, he placed his hands on her breasts and was caressing
them.  She in turn was stroking his chest.  After a long time they finally climaxed,
her fluids gushing on him and his shooting inside of her.  They rolled off of each
other, panting.  They held each other and dozed off to sleep.

 

 

 

                           (The forest)

                                

            Washu and Yosho were still playing Byrons game.

 

            “It’s almost evening.” Said Washu worriedly.  “And we only found him
twice!  We need to hurry?”

 

            “I think I know just the place.” Said Yosho calmly.  “Follow me.”

 

            So they walked and walked until they reached the cave where Ryoko had
been imprisoned.  He pointed to the rock.

 

            “He’s behind that rock.” Whispered Yosho.  “A bit of his head is
exposed.”

 

            So Washu crept up behind the rock and tackled him before he could run
off.  He made himself visible and smiled.

 

            “Congratulations!” said Byron.  “You’re the first to ever win my game, and
to ever have the patience to continue playing it.”

 

                “Enough talk!” exclaimed Washu.  “We’re in a hurry!  Where are the
herbs?”

 

            “Right here.” Answered Byron.  He snapped his fingers and the area that
they were at were filled to the brim with them.

 

            “The only reason they’re so hard to find is that we harvest them and sell
them to imps and goblins, which use it to make humans and Juraians and other
types of creatures impotent and have sexual hang-ups.  It’s all in good fun, so
don’t take it personally.”

 

            “Your ‘fun’ is the main cause of ruined marriages!” exclaimed Washu.

 

            “Ask me if I care.” Said Byron.  “Take as many as you like.  Oh, and
here’s the juicy bit of information I promised.  It’s too late for your friend Pixelle,
and your jewel has been pilfered from your lab while you were playing my game.”

 

            “What?!” exclaimed Washu.  “How?  No one except me can enter without
permission!”

 

            “That may be,” Byron continued, “but Pixelle finding that sake bottle was
no accident.  It was set up by a demon who works for Kai.  The demon entered
while she was outside.  It gained access to your lab by entering the spectrecal
realm.  It waited there until you were gone.  Then it entered, stole your jewel, and
left.  With Pixelle the way she was from the sake, her senses were blocked, and
couldn’t detect the demon.  I knew about this all along, since I know lot’s of
things.  However, I remained silent, since Kai is a very dangerous person to screw
around with.”

 

            Washu was so shocked that she couldn’t move.  Yosho calmly nodded.

 

            “It did seem like too much of a coincidence.” He said.  “We will need to
prepare for a battle then.  As far as Pixelle goes, what’s done is done I guess.”

 

            Washu recovered from the shock and quietly picked the herbs, filling a
large basket.  Byron just shook his head.

 

            “Poor girl.” Said Byron.  “Losing even more things that mean dear to her. 
She has my sympathy, since she was a good sport.  Also, she didn’t run or try to
kill me when she first saw me.  Humans can be such amazing creatures sometimes. 
Well, maybe I’ll see you again next time I’m bored.”

 

            Byron disappeared.  The herbs did as well.  The only herbs that remained
were the ones in Washu’s now completely full basket.  Yosho led her home.  They
didn’t talk all the way home.

 

 

 

                       (Somewhere in space)

                                

                                

            Kai presented the jewel to Lady Tokimi.

 

            “Your plan was a success.” He said.  

 

            “Very good.” Answered Tokimi.  All that is left now is to wait for Kojiro
to arrive.”

 

            “You were right about Clay.” Said Kai.  “The building he chose to make a
stronghold out of will provide us with mindless drones, a great summoning place,
and access to anywhere in the universe.  Nothing will be out of our reach.  With
your permission, I would like to have some fun with the Juraian boy.”

 

            “Not yet.” Answered Tokimi.  “Let things settle down.  When they least
expect it, Kojiro will come.  It will be in two months.  Until then, prepare for
battle.  Do what you need to do to prepare.  Just don’t kill anybody.  If you decide
to show yourself to them, do not let any of the plan leak out.  Also, tell Dr. Clay
that he must only monitor Washu until Kojiro arrives.  I still need to talk to her, but
now is not the right time.  I shall now activate the power of the jewels that you
already possess, so no human or Juraian can stand in your way.”

 

            She waved her hands, and the three jewels were now active.

 

            “There.  It is done.  You now have the power to control time, fire, and
earth.  Also, your normal power has been amplified because of the jewels
awakening.  That is all.  You are now dismissed.”

 

            Kai bowed and teleported back to the stronghold.

 

 

                         End of chapter 6

                                

                                

Well, this chapter is finally finished.  I hope I did well.  Send in any comments,
suggestions, etc. to rubynall@hotmail.com

 

I will answer your e-mail back.  Suggestions are always considered and
compliments are greatly appreciated.  Well, until the next chapter.

 

Sayonara!^_^