Disclaimer: Read chapter 1 for the disclaimer. I don't feel like typing it.

Warning!: This is a lemon. Whether or not you are underage, I just hope
you're a bit mature. Personally, I'm getting bored with saying this, but
it's required I guess. Before the story starts, "WN" is short for "Washu
Narrating". You'll see what I mean. I would also like to thank all of you
readers for the compliments and suggestions. You know who you are.  Anyway,
I'll shut up now. Enjoy!^_^



                       Masaki hausuho-rudo rekidaishi
                 (Translation - Masaki household chronicles)
                       Chapter 3 - Washu's revelation


          "What do you mean by that"!? exclaimed Aeka.

          "Enough already"! Interrupted Tenchi. "We already have enough on
our hands! We don't need you two fighting again"!

          Both Ryoko and Aeka stopped. It was silent for a short while
before Tenchi spoke again.

          "Anyway, he continued, we need to figure out what to do
now". "Hmm", .. "I know! Let's go ask Washu-chan! She'll know what to do"!

          Pixelle quickly turned to Tenchi.

          "Did you just say Washu"? she asked worriedly.

          Tenchi nodded.

          "As in Washu, greatest scientific genius in the universe"?

          Suddenly, the lab door opened. Washu came out.

          "Someone call my name"? asked Washu in a somewhat conceited voice.

          "Ohayo Washu-chan". said Tenchi. "Yes we did. You see..." (Washu
looks toward Pixelle's direction and interrupted Tenchi.

          "Pixelle"?! she exclaimed. "What are you doing here? Where's
Kojiro"?

          "Not here"! exclaimed Pixelle. "And it's their fault"!(Points to
Mihoshi and Kiyone).

           "N-nani"?!?! Exclaimed everyone but Pixelle, Washu, and Yosho.

           "You know her"?! exclaimed Ryoko and Aeka.

           "That's right"! said Washu. "And I also know Kojiro on a more
personal level".

           Everyone had a very shocked look on her face. Washu looked
around.

           "What"? asked Washu. "Just because I lost a husband and a child,
doesn't mean I can't see anybody else right"?

           "Perhaps a story is in order". said Yosho.

           "Great Idea"! said Washu. "This will take a while. You all better
come into my lab. I have a mind projector in there. I can just show you
rather than just tell you".

           Everyone nodded and went inside the lab.

                                (Washu's lab)

           Inside Washu's lab everybody was sitting in chairs that resembled
the ones that you see in a movie theater.

           "Before I begin", she said, "I need to warn you of the following.
First, anyone who makes fun of me or offends me, I will change them into
kappa. Second, some scenes may not be suitable for younger viewers,(then she
turns to Aeka)so cover Sasami's eye's when necessary".

           "Hai Washu-chan". agreed Aeka.

           "Okay". said Washu. "Anyways, this projection will show not only
how I met Kojiro, but how we met Pixelle. It will also be my P.O.V., so
don't expect to hear what they are thinking". (Washu steps on the seat-like
projector). "Now, without further adieu, Let's begin"!

  (Authors note: The following will be script-like, so it would be easier to
read. Interruptions made by the characters watching will be the normal-type
writing).

                          (Flashback visual starts)

Washu: (at a bar)"groaann! Barkeep, give me another shot".

Barkeep: "But Washu, that's your fifth shot. You know the science academy
forbids excessive drinking".

        "Wait a minute"!! shouted Ryoko. "Why are you in your adult form?!
And I thought you had a low tolerance for alcohol"?!

         Ryoko is instantly pelted on the head with a cat statue.

         "Don't ask stupid questions"! exclaimed Washu. "This took place a
short time after my husband and child were taken from me. So of course I
wouldn't have a childs form. Besides, I had a higher tolerance for alcohol
back then".

                       (Flashback continues)

WASHU: "Here"!(gives pouch of money).

BARKEEP: "Another shot coming right up"!

WASHU: "Leave the bottle".

BARKEEP: "Okay". (pours the drink, then leaves the bottle).

WASHU:(staring at the drink) "Why did something like this have to happen to
me".

MAN IN CLOAK: "Is something wrong"?

WASHU: "GO AWAY"!

MIC: "Quite the friendly talker I see. (sits by the stool next to her).
Is this seat taken"?

WASHU: "I SAID TO GO AW..(Washu looks up at the man, seeing a very handsome
face)..ay".

          Ryoko burst out laughing.

          "Boy this is rich! Washu, actually falling for a guy? Boy you
must've bee"..(Ryoko is instantly turned into a kappa).

          "I warned you". said Washu.

          Aeka burst out laughing.

          "Hahahahahaha"!!! After she stopped laughing,she spoke. "Really
Ryoko-san, laughing at your mother like that. I say that transformation
brought out the real baka in you".

          Ryoko just frowned. Then continued to watch the flashback.


WASHU: (softly speaking) "Konnichiwa. My name is Washu. Gomen-nasai for my
rude behavior. I'm just depressed".

MIC: "Think nothing of it. My name is Kojiro. It's a pleasure to meet you".

          "Washu-chan, how come you never told us this story before"? asked
Tenchi.

          "It was too painful to speak about". said Washu. "You'll see what
I mean later on".

                      (flashback continues)

WASHU NARRATING: "It was then that I came to my senses and noticed the
jewel,the glow emanating from his pouch".

KOJIRO: "Is something wrong"?

WASHU: "No, nothing. Say, you want to come over to my place"?

KOJIRO: "Sure".


               ("That sounds more like Washu". thought Ryoko).


WASHU NARRATING: "We are now at my place. I'm thinking of a way to take the
jewel away from him without him noticing. I want to awaken their power.
I had one ever since I pick pocketed one from Dr. Clay, before he was driven
out of the science academy".

KOJIRO: "Is this your place"?

WASHU: "Yeah. Its not much, but it's temporary. Once I perfect my invention
that opens altered dimensions, I'll be living on easy street, With
technological advances of course".

WN: "We now enter our room. It's a bit of a blur on how I seduced him, but
here we are. I didn't know if it was love or lust, maybe both, but we
eventually started kissing passionately. We explored each others bodies with
our hands".


              Aeka quickly covered Sasami's eyes. Sasami covered her ears.

             "Washu"! exclaimed Aeka. "Showing us I understand, but do you
really need to narrate the event"?!

             "Of course"! said Washu. "It elevates the event. Oh, and before
I forget,(turns Ryoko back to normal). There! Now don't make me do it
again".

             Ryoko just grumbled. Mihoshi was watching in shock. Kiyone just
rolled her eyes. Tenchi stared nervously.


WN: "I'll continue now. As we caressed each other, I reached for his pouch
and took the jewel. It was then I found out what was so charming about him.
He had also taken my jewel away".

WASHU: "How did you know"?

KOJIRO: "I am also looking for the jewels. There are six in all. Right now I
only have one".

WASHU: "But how did you come to find out about them"?

KOJIRO: "It's a long story".

WASHU: "Never mind then".

WN: "So we gave each other our jewels back and continued what we were doing.
He started to undo the front of my shirt, while at the same time I removed
his cloak. Once he undid my shirt, he did the same to my bra. Oh, wait a
second, I wasn't wearing a bra".


            Everybody fell on their side, anime style.

WN: "Anyway,he removed my shirt, letting it slide slowly off. We were still
kissing at the time. He now fondled my breasts, feeling all the sensitive
areas. I moaned in delight. Then I broke the kiss and quickly removed his
shirt. I was now stroking his chest while he was now unbuttoning my blouse.
He slid it down, my panties following. I stopped him half ways".

WASHU: "Wait a minute. Let's go in my room".

WN: "We did so and now were on the bed. We kissed again,this time for quite
a while. I unbuckled his belt and proceeded to slide them down. I also made
his boxers follow. Then he finished pulling down my blouse as he was before.
Eventually, we were both naked, caressing each other".

          Mihoshi was now covering her eyes. Kiyone turned away. Aeka closed
her eyes. Tenchi passed out. Ryoko went to reach for Tenchi's crotch, but
Aeka sensed it and slapped her hand away.

          "Dammit Princess"! said Ryoko. "You're no fun"!

WASHU: "Wait! Before we go any further, we need to use protection".

KOJIRO: "Fine by me".

WN: "So then I ...(looks at their disgusted faces)..fine! I'll skip this
detail!

           Everybody's face relieved.

WN: "Once we were protected, so to speak, he proceeded to enter me".

            Ryoko now had her eyes shut.

WN: "He did so, thrusting in and out,in and out. WOW! I'm getting hot just
narrating"!

            Aeka cringed.

WN: "For what was hours of thrusting,caressing, thrusting, caressing, I
finally climaxed".

WASHU: "UHHHHHHH"!!!!!!!!

WN: "He climaxed two seconds later".

KOJIRO: "YESSSS"!!!!!

WASHU: "Wow! My last husband didn't even have that much stamina! How many
failures did it take before you learned how to last this long"?

KOJIRO: "Well, actually, this was, um, my first time".

             Ryoko was nearly trying to hold back her laughter. Covering her
mouth, she snickered. Immediately, blue light surrounded her, and she was a
kappa again.

             "(Stupid baka)".thought Aeka. "She just doesn't know when to
keep her mouth shut".


WASHU: "So I'm your first, ne"?

KOJIRO: "Hai".

WASHU: "So why let me be your first? I thought you just wanted my jewel".

KOJIRO: "I did. But, for some strange reason, all I could think about was
you,and nothing else. I.I think.. I'm in love with you"!


             Pixelle was fuming the whole time. "So that's how you hooked
Kojiro-sama! You are an ungrateful wench"!

             Green light surrounded Pixelle, and then she was a cat.

WASHU: I think I am too. I could have took the jewel and vanished, but I
hesitated to do so. Let's just forget about the jewels.

KOJIRO: I got a better idea. Let's trade jewels. That way, we have something
to remember each other by.

WN: A year passed. And Kojiro and I grew very much in love with each other.

             Tenchi woke up. Everyone else was finally watching the screen
again.

             "Um, Washu-chan"? asked Tenchi, "How did you meet Pixelle? And
could you change Ryoko-san back? I think the water's dripping from her
skull".

              Washu looked over at Ryoko. "Baka"! she exclaimed. Then she
changed Ryoko back. "Make fun of me again, and I'll change you into
something worse".

              "Geez MOM"! Ryoko complained. "Learn to have a sense of
humor"!

               Washu leered at Ryoko. Ryoko grumbled, but kept silent.

               "And before I forget", Washu continued; then changed Pixelle
back into a pixie."There"! "Now behave and don't let your jealousy get the
best of you"!

                Pixelle frowned. "The only reason I don't start destroying
your lab, is because Kojiro-sama still loves you!

                Washu grinned. "And the only reason I don't turn you into my
lab rat, is because of the love I still have for Kojiro".

                "If you love him so much, Pixelle shouted, then why did you
disappear from his life"!?

                 Washu stood up, but then sat back down. She took a deep
breath, then spoke.

                 "I didn't leave him. Just watch the flashback in order and
you'll see. You forget, I still have to tell everybody how we met you".

                 Washu looked at the projection screen and continued with
the flashback.


                            (flashback)


WN: "It was spring break at the science academy. But instead of going to a
party, Kojiro and I traveled to Jurai to collect rare and exotic specimens".

WASHU: "Look"!(points to dust)"A fairies dust! That would make an
interesting specimen"!

KOJIRO: "I thought it was against the law to collect fairies on Jurai"?

WASHU: "Yeah, but what do those stuck up Jurians know about science anyway"!

              "HEY"! shouted Aeka.

WASHU: "Besides, if you look closer, you'll notice that those dust particles
belong to a pixie".

KOJIRO: "A pixie"?

WASHU: "Hai. A cross between a fairy and an imp".

KOJIRO: "I see. How sad. I hate imps! I read about how pixies are created.
It's usually caused by an imp raping a fairy. Then the child is considered
an outcast".

WASHU: "Now that I think about it, it is sad".

WN: "Before we could discuss the matter any further, we heard a scream".

VOICE: "AAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!! HELP ME"!!!!!!!!

WN: "So we quickly ran to the area where the scream was coming from. We
quickly hid in the bushes. And to our horror, we found who was in danger. It
was a pixie, and she was cornered by rather large imps".

WASHU: (whispering)"It's a pixie. And she's trapped by filthy imps".

KOJIRO: (whispering) "Then we need to help her"!

WASHU: (whispering) "Not yet. We need to wait until they're completely off
guard. Then you shoot them with your holy blast".

KOJIRO: (whispering) "Hai! When you give the word, I'll destroy them"!

WN: "So we listened to what the imps were saying".

IMP1: "Well well well. We finally caught up to you".

IMP2: "Yeah. Now we can do what we like to you".

IMP3: "It's too bad we weren't as big as trolls, then we could do this to
humans as well".

IMP4: "Oh well. I guess we have to settle for fairies and Gnomes".

IMP2: "Yeah. For some strange reason, humans like to kill us".

IMP1: "Yeah. Stupid humans. I hate them. The devil worshippers are the only
exception. They love our mischief".

PIXIE: Get away from me!! (she flaps her wings,then dust flies out).

ALL IMPS: (flapping their wings,causing the dust to fly back and stun her).
"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

IMP3: "This is almost too easy! Now let's see. What do you guys want to do
to her first"?

IMP1: "I want to fuck her ass"!

IMP2: "I want to pop her cherry"!

IMP4: "I want to shove my prick in her mouth and make her swallow my cum"!

IMP3: "I guess that leaves me with her breasts. I don't know what to do.
Maybe I'll start with a tit fuck".

WN: "Then they all approached her and ripped all her clothes off".

WASHU: (whispering) "Now Kojiro"!

WN: "Kojiro-chan jumped out of the bushes and fired a large holy blast at
them. It killed all of them except for Imp3".

IMP3: (in writhing pain)"Who the fuck are you"?!

KOJIRO: "It does not matter what my name is! You'll be dead anyway! Now,
RETURN TO HELL"!!

WN: "He shot one large blast at it, disintegrating it to dust".

ANOTHER MYSTERIOUS VOICE: "Well done! But did you have to ruin a good show
like that"?

KOJIRO: "That voice"!

WN: "I jumped out of the bushes and stood by Kojiro-chan".

WASHU: "Who's there"?!

ANOTHER MYSTERIOUS VOICE: (jumps out of a tree,then lands on his feet) "I'm
right here! Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Kai. I am the evil
counterpart of Kojiro! I was created by Lady Tokimi to find him, kill him,
and take his jewels away from him"!

KOJIRO: "Well you can't have them"!

KAI: "You take me for a baka? If I kill you now, I"ll only get one jewel.
But if I wait until you find the rest, I'll kill you, then that will save me
the trouble of having to look for the jewels myself. Since I have one,that
will give me all six! And since only Lady Tokimi can call forth the jewels
power, I'll bring them to her and she'll reward me with great power"!

WN: "For some strange reason, he focused his attention on me".

KAI: "With Washu by your side, this may be trouble. I'll just have to remedy
that. Until then, Sayonara"!

WN: "And then he vanished".

WN: "Anyway, to skip time forward, we helped the pixie back to our ship".

WASHU: "So who are you anyway"?

KOJIRO: "Are you alright"?

PIXIE: "My..my..name..is..Pixelle".

WN: "So eventually, she got better, Kojiro-chan gave her some clothes of her
own, and we all eventually just ended up living under the same roof. Another
year passed, and I had just finished creating an armored suit as a surprise
for Kojiro-chan while him and Pixelle were out getting a gift for me. I had
some free time on my hands since I was no longer attending the science
academy".

WN: "Unfortunately, while they were gone, that was the time Kagato broke
into my house and kidnapped me. I was able to hide the armor, but I don't
know how he knew where I lived. Not even the science academy had the
resources to locate me".


                         (flashback ends)


            Washu stands up.

            "And now you know the whole story. I tried to find Kojiro-chan
once I created a new lab, but I couldn't find him. It was probably because
the jewel he had blocked all things scientific from tracking him".

            Then Washu wiped a tear away from her eye.

            "After all these years, I finally know how to contact
him.(looking in Pixelle's direction). And I want you to help me!

            Pixelle stood up. "Fine! But you realize it's going to be a
while before I forgive you! Kojiro-sama was so heartbroken. He did
everything he could to find you. He never ate. He never rested. He would've
died before he found you! So I had to erase his memory of you".

            Washu gave an expression of great hurt.

            "Before you say anything, Pixelle continued, there is a way to
bring his memory back. All you have to do is knock him unconscious, replant
his memory of you, and then the rest of his times with you will also
return".

            Mihoshi raised her hand.

            "Umm, Pixelle? What if it doesn't work or you plant a wrong
memory"?

            Pixelle got angry. Everyone else was surprised that Mihoshi
asked such an intelligent question.

            "I don't want to think about that! shouted Pixelle. But since
it's a good question, I'll answer it. If it fails, or if a wrong memory is
placed, any memory he once had of Washu will be gone forever. That, and the
slight possibility of brain damage".

             Everyone stared,wide eyed.

             "We'll cross that bridge when we come to it". said Washu.


                        End of Chapter 3


Well, that concludes chapter 3. Tell me what you think. Also give me some
suggestions. I appreciated them last time. Once I get some feedback, I'll
begin chapter 4. And if you're confused by the holy blast thing, it only
hurts evil. I just wanted to clear that up. Once again, my e-mail address is
rubynall@hotmail.com  Until chapter 4,

Sayonara!
