Masaki hausuho-rudo rekidaishi - Chapter 2 :"Enter the Masaki house"

DISCLAIMER- I don't own Tenchi and.. you know the rest.If you need to read
it again, go back to chapter 1.

WARNING!- This time it is a lemon. Read the rest of the needed stuff on
chapter 1. I also want to apologize for any misspelled words, especially
"Masaki". If the TMFFA did'nt already fix it,then chapter 1 will have
"Masaki" spelled as "Misaki". That's not a very good mistake for an OAV
based story.Well, enjoy!^_^.


                       Masaki hausuho-rudo rekidaishi
                  (Translation)Masaki household chronicles
                          Chapter 1 Something strange


                    Pixelle decided to sneak up on Tenchi, since humans
can't see fairy's unless they reveal themselves. She also grew to a height
of 5 feet, 7 inches.

                    (Grabbing that jewel should be easy!) thought Pixelle.

                    Tenchi turned toward Pixelle's direction. Konnichiwa. he
said. What brings you here?

                   (N-nani?!) Pixelle was surprised. How can you see me? she
asked. No, wait, don't tell me. You're either a Jurian, a priest, or a
sorcerer.

                   I'm the first one. answered Tenchi.

                   (Dammit!) she thought.

                   Ryoko looked at Tenchi, confused. Who are you talking to?
she asked.

                   This lady. said Tenchi.

                   Ryoko's face faulted. I don't see any lady Tenchi. she
said.

                   (I better grab it quick!) thought Pixelle as she grabbed
the jewel with both hands and was trying to pull it away from Tenchi.

                   Hey! exclaimed Tenchi as he was struggling to keep her
from taking it. What's the big idea?! That's not yours!

                   It is now! she shouted. Give it to me now!

                   Ryoko just stood there, very confused. What are you doing
Tenchi! shouted Ryoko. That's no way to treat my gift to you!

                   It's not my doing! exclaimed Tenchi. This lady with wings
wants it!

                   Maybe it's a poltergeist. said Ryoko. I'll go get your
ojiisan! He'll know what to do!

                  And with that, she phased away.

                  I'm losing patience! shouted Pixelle. Give me that jewel,
you stupid bastard!

                  Watch your language! exclaimed Tenchi. And stop trying to
steal my jewel. Ryoko gave it to me and I will keep it with me always.

                  Stop making me sick! shouted Pixelle. (how am I going to
make him loosen his grip)? she thought. (I know! He's a male, so let me try
it).One last chance! she said. Give it to me now or face the consequences!

                  Do your worst! exclaimed Tenchi. I still won't give it up!

                  I'll do my best. said Pixelle calmly.

                  She let go of the jewel with one hand, and held it tight
with the other hand. She then proceeded to move away the hair that was once
covering her breasts.

                  Tenchi gulped. (Oh no).

                  She moved up closer to him and started grinding her chest
onto Tenchi's. She kissed him passionately, her tongue forcefully in his
mouth. She broke the kiss and saw that his hands were trembling, but his
grip was still tight.(Still won't give up)? (Then I'll have to try harder).

                  (I've got to fight this)!thought Tenchi. (I can't loosen
my grip).

                 Pixelle then started to gently rub her right breast,
letting out a moan every time her sharp fingernail touched her nipple.

                 Tenchi qiuckly got a nosebleed.

                 (What a dork)! she thought. (I guess this won't take as
long as I thought).

                 (Oh no)! thought Tenchi.(I'm weakening! Hurry up Ryoko)!

                  She stopped rubbing her nipple and then started rubbing
his crotch, stroking the area delicately. She moved her hand inside his
pants, feeling his erection. She stroked it gently, up and down, until
Tenchi's grip was very weak and his nose was bleeding profusely. She quickly
let go of his shaft and pulled the jewel away.

                  I got it! I got it! she said excitedly. It was almost too
easy!

                  Then suddenly, Yosho dashes past her, taking the jewel
away from her.

                 Not anymore! he said.

                 Dammit! shouted Pixelle. You're also a Jurian aren't you!?

                 Yosho nods.

                 Oh well. she said. I guess stealth is worthless here.(she
now makes herself visible to all).

                 Ryoko phases in front of Tenchi. She notices the large gush
of blood from his nose. Then she frowns and looks at Pixelle.

                 How dare you hurt "my" Tenchi you bitch!

                 Who are you calling a bitch! shouted Pixelle. Besides,
that's blood from arousal. He apparently got turned on by my looks.

                 Tenchi, shouted Ryoko, how could you?!

                 It's not my fault! exclaimed Tenchi while he was wiping the
blood from his nose. She's the one who was doing certain stuff to make me
aroused!

                 So she could get the jewel. finished Yosho.

                 Okay okay! said Pixelle. You got me figured out. My names
"Pixelle". If you haven't figured it out, I'm a pixie.

                 So what do you want the jewel for? asked Tenchi.

                 And where the hell did you come from?! exclaimed Ryoko.

                 Well, Pixelle began, I want the jewel so I can give it to
Kojiro. Where I came from is none of your damn business! (her stomach
growls). Anyway, I'm hungry, so either you give me the jewel, or I'll (her
head starts to hurt). Ouch! exclaimed Pixelle. I have a telepathic message!
Hold on while I answer it.

                 Everybody's face faults.

                                  (In space)

                 Pixelle! This is Kojiro.

                 Good news and bad news Kojiro-sama!said Pixelle. The good
news is that the jewel is found. The bad news is that Ryoko the space
pirate, and two Jurians have it, and I've confronted them.

                 I see. said Kojiro. Let's go to plan "B". Make friends with
the baka's. Then try to steal the jewel. I will contact you as soon as I
can.

                What do you mean by that? asked Pixelle.

                The galaxy police have spotted me. Listen.(turns on the
speaker).

                Kojiro! said the voice. This is first class detective
Kiyone! I have you in my sights! Give yourself up right now! You are
surrounded!

                But wer'e the only one's here. said another voice.

                Dammit Mihoshi! shouted Kiyone. Can't you just shut up and
let me work!

                Mihoshi started to cry.

                Looks like this won't take as long as I thought. said Kojiro
with a grin. But just in case, start plan "B". Also contact me if you
discovered anything new, or if you're in any danger.

                Hai! said Pixelle. I will do as you say. Pixelle out!(she
resumes normal position).

                Looks like you lucked out. said Pixelle. My orders have been
cancelled thanks to the galaxy police force. They have spotted Kojiro-sama
and are presently chasing him.

                Good to hear. said Yosho. Come, you said you were hungry.
Let us go back home and eat.

                "But ojiisan", exclaimed Tenchi, we can't let some invader
into our house! What if she tries to harm someone?!


                "Tenchi"! exclaimed Yosho. If that was how I treated people
then surely Ryoko would have been shunned. Besides, I want to learn more
about her and her sensei.

                  Tenchi just lowered his head in defeat. Alright. he said
in dissapointment. You always know the right things to say.

                   Whatever! said Ryoko. Just don't try anything funny, or
I'll kill you.

                    If you can see me! Pixelle retorted.

                           (At the table)

                    Everyone was eating lunch. Everyone except Washu and
Nobuyuki were there.

                    So are you really a pixie? asked Sasami.

                    Hai. said Pixelle.

                    Your wings are kawaii.

                    You really think so?

                     Mmhm!

                     Arigatou!

                     Can I touch them?

                     (Aeka interrupts)

                     Sasmi-chan! Don't touch those filthy things! Are you
forgetting that she is not a friend? Besides, pixies are halfbreeds. They
aren't like fairies.

                     How can you say such a mean thing!? exclaimed Sasami.

                     It's okay. said Pixelle calmly. It isn't her fault that
she's a Jurian, no offense Sasami. Jurians tend to be, how shall I say it,
prejudice. Royal one's are the worst, no offense once again Sasaimi.
Truthfully, you're the first friendly Jurian I've ever encountered.

                     Aeka fumed. How dare you insult the royal family!
You're no better than that filthy space pirate!

                     HEY! shouted Ryoko.

                     No offense at the moment. she said.

                     You compare me to a space pirate?! excaimed Pixelle.

                     Well I would compare you to a space gaishou, Aeka
continued, but that title is already taken.

                     I've had enough of this! shouted Ryoko.

                     Speak when spoken to gaishou. said Aeka.

                     Gaishou this!(Ryoko punches Aeka).

                     Stun powder! shouted Pixelle.

                     She flapped her wings and dust started to extract from
it, paralyzing Ryoko and Aeka.

                     Call me gaishou will you! she exclaimed while walking
behind Aeka. Get a good look at this Tenchi! She grabbed Aeka's kimono and
ripped it off, revealing Aeka's nude body.

                     Tenchi passed out. Sasami catches him before he hits
the ground.

                     And you call me a gaishou. said Ryoko as she examined
Aeka. You aren't even wearing panties.

                     Aeka's face was red from anger and embarrassment.

                     How dare you do this! she shouted. I was doing laundry
after dinner, so I needed to wash them! At least I wear clothes!

                     That's enough you two! exclaimed Sasami as she was
putting the robe back on Aeka.

                     But Sasami, explained Pixelle, this is how Kojiro-sama
taught me how to do things. Take revenge on the people who hurt you, whether
it's physically or emotionally.

                     Sounds like my kind of rule.said Ryoko. Now could you
please unfreeze me?

                     You know the old saying, said Yosho, vengeance only
brings more vengeance. Kojiro's heart must have turned cold.

                     Kojiro-sama is a very warmhearted person! exclaimed
Pixelle.

                     Suddenly, Mihoshi and Kiyone enter the house.

                     What are you two doing here? asked Sasami.

                      We thought we stopped by, seeing as how we got off
from patrol early. said Kiyone.

                      But Kiyone, said Mihoshi, we were sent home early for
trying to pursue Kojiro ourselves, then we lost him, and now Galaxy Police
has to find his whereabouts again.

                      Kiyone hit her head against the door. Mihoshi!
exclaimed Kiyone. Can't you just for once learn to keep a secret?! HQ is
already down our throats for losing him!

                      Mihoshi was no longer paying attention. She was
looking at Pixelle.

                      Who's that? she asked.

                      Oh, said Sasami, this is Pixelle. She's a pixie.

                      WOW! exclaimed Mihoshi. They really exist?! Pixelle,
what do you do with the teeth that you collect?

                      I'm not a tooth fairy! exclaimed Pixelle.

                      Are you a leprachaun?

                      NO!

                      Are you a Gnome?

                      NO!

                      Are you a sugarplum fairy?

                      Noo.

                      I know! I know! Your'e that pixie that can make people
fly!

                      Hell no!

                      She's just an unusual pixie. said Ryoko, finally able
to move. I guess this dust is temporary.

                      Where did you find this airhead?! exclaimed Pixelle.

                       I'm not stupid! said Mihoshi. I was just wondering
what kind of pixie you were!

                       (And how long would that have taken). thought Ryoko.

                       Tenchi finally wakes up. Aeka can finally move.

                       Gomen-nasai for the hurtful thing I said. apologized
Aeka.

                       Really? asked Pixelle.

                       Hai. said Aeka.(Actually I'm just saying that to make
Sasami-chan happy).

                       And gomen for ripping your dress. said Pixelle.

                       Really? asked Aeka.

                       No. answered Pixelle.

                       Aeka frowned. No matter, I am willing to be the adult
here. We Jurians have to maintain our dignity.

                       (Yeah),thought Ryoko, ( that's why you have to be a
tease).

                                             End of chapter 2

Well, chapter 2 is done. I am still waiting for your comments, questions,
suggestions,or praises before I start chapter 3. (If you take too long, I'll
assume you like it just the way it is and continue). I was able to get some
lemon into this chapter, but chapter 3 will probably be more graphic, but
still tastefully done.Also give me comments on the character, Pixelle ( I
decided to create her when she appeared in a dream, I guess I have a vivid
imagination). Once again my e-mail address is rubynall@hotmail.com

Until chapter 3, sayonara!^_^.