Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo belongs to AIC and Pioneer.  Also, I am very sorry I
took so long.  I had a lot of studies to do and work to complete.  With that said,
on with the fic.

                   Masaki hausuho-rudo rekidaishi

               (Translation: Masaki household chronicles)

                           Chapter 7 

                           The Storm

                               

                               

                               

            Sasami, Aeka, and Ryoko (double) were searching for Ryo-ohki.  They
searched until they heard a vomiting sound coming from the alley.  Sure enough,
Ryo-ohki was there.  She had vomited the black stuff that was in the food, and
therefore was not affected by it.  She looked at the others, and tilted her head.

 

            “Miya?” she asked.

 

            “What is she trying to say?” Aeka asked.

 

            “She’s asking if you’re okay.” Answered Ryoko.

 

            “I feel a bit funny.” Answered Aeka.  

 

She turned around towards Ryoko’s direction, only to see her vanish.

 

“Oh no!” exclaimed Aeka.  “She’s after Tenchi-sama!  We need to get there
first!”

 

Without thinking, she picked up Ryo-ohki and flung her into the air.  She
transformed into a spaceship and teleported everybody inside.  Then they flew
back home.

 

 

                      (Evening: train station)

                               

                               

            Tenchi and Ryoko got off the train and walked the usual route home, but
then she grabbed Tenchi into a thicket of trees.  Her double reappeared and
they phased back into one.

 

            Ryoko grinned at Tenchi.  “Now that we’re alone, we can be intimate
with each other in privacy.”

 

            “I really don’t think this is such a good idea Ryoko.” Said Tenchi
nervously. “What if someone walks by?”

 

            “They won’t.” cooed Ryoko as she slid off her top.  “Besides, it’s not
like we were going to have intercourse, just a little fooling around, don’t you
remember?”

 

            “I don’t remember saying anything like that!” said Tenchi, sweatdrops
beginning to form.

 

            Ryoko felt the base of Tenchi’s crotch.  “I see he’s ready for action.” 
Ryoko said, grinning.

 

            The minute she said that, he automatically became limp.  This really
surprised Ryoko. 

 

            “What the hell?!” she exclaimed, and then brought her head down in
sadness.  “I guess I don’t turn you on anymore.” (Hugs Tenchi) “If I knew this
was going to happen, I would have never done this.”

 

            And with that, Ryoko phased out.  Tenchi was also surprised.

 

            “All of a sudden, I didn’t feel aroused anymore.”  Tenchi said to
himself.  “Now that I think about it, that’s not normal. I think I better ask
Washu.”(Remembers the nurse Washu event again). “On second thought, I’ll
just go see a doctor!”

 

            Tenchi looked around and was about to climb down the tree Ryoko
brought them on, and then saw the Ryo-ohki spaceship land where he was. 
Then Aeka ran towards him and hugged him tightly.  She felt a little weird being
that close to him like that, and it was turning her on, but then she suddenly lost
the urge entirely.

 

            “That’s strange.” Said Aeka aloud.  “For some reason, I feel all better.”

 

            Tenchi sighed.  He didn’t want to tell Aeka what was happening.  “(It
would only cause trouble).” He said to himself.  “(Besides, I’m not so sure
myself.  Maybe it was a side effect to the potion).”  Then he said aloud,
“Well, I guess we should go home!  It’s already dark.”

 

            So the four of them walked home.  As soon as they were out of sight,
Byron, the kappa, came out of the bushes, with some powder in a bag.

 

            “I love making humans go limp like that.” He said to himself.  “Well, I
hope Washu appreciates this.  The last thing she needs right now are more horny
youths running about.  Now we’re even Washu.”

 

            And with that, he disappeared.

 

 

                         (Out in space)

                               

                               

            The royal Juraian spaceship was in space, waiting for their scout to
arrive.  The occupants of the spaceship were <?xml:namespace prefix = st1 ns =
"urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags" />Azusa, Funaho, Misaki, a few
servants, and three suitors.

 

            “Where is that scout?!” asked Azusa impatiently, his gaze staring out the
window.  “We need to pick up Aeka and Sasami!  I won’t have them in the
middle of battle should Kojiro arrive!”

 

            Funaho rested her hand on his shoulder.  “Then we should just go right
now.” She said calmly.  “The scout probably got stuck there, just like Aeka and
Sasami did.”

 

            “Oh no!” exclaimed Misaki, her eyes full of tears.  “My poor babies! 
We need to hurry!”

 

            Azusa stood up.  “Captain!” he exclaimed, pointing to the destination. 
“Full speed ahead!  If the scout didn’t tell them yet, then they’re just going to
have to be surprised!”

 

            So at full speed, the ship continued its course for earth.

 

 

                        (Masaki doorstep)

                               

                               

            Ryoko was very depressed.  So depressed she didn’t even notice
Washu and Yosho also heading to the door.  Washu was so depressed; she
didn’t even care why Ryoko looked bummed out.  When the three reached the
door, Yosho unlocked the door and let everybody in.  Ryoko went straight to
the kitchen and opened the refridgerator, taking all of the sake out of it.  Then
she phased to the attic, but then came back and closed the fridge, and then
phased out again.  

 

            Washu and Yosho went upstairs.  They went towards Noboyuki’s
room.  Washu tried to open it, but it was locked.  So she picked the lock,
opened the door, and looked inside.  She was shocked, but not surprised, at the
sight that she saw.  Nobuyuki and Pixelle were asleep, nude, and holding each
other in their arms.  Yosho looked too, and then whispered to Washu.

 

            “She’s going to be awfully upset when she wakes up.”

 

            “I know.” Washu also whispered.  “It was to be expected, but I
didn’t think it would be this soon.  We’ll also need to plan this out, since
Kojiro will probably try to kill him.”

 

            They quietly shut the door and went downstairs and into the laboratory.

 

 

            Meanwhile, the group, Tenchi, Aeka, Sasami, and Ryo-ohki entered the
living room.

 

            “I better go prepare dinner.” Said Sasami as she walked into the
kitchen.

 

            “I’ll help.” Said Aeka.

 

            “No, that’s okay.” Said Sasami.  “I’ll just make something light, since
we all came home a little late.”

 

            Then the phone rang.  Tenchi picked it up.  “Hello.” He said.  “This is
the Masaki residence, how may I help you?”

 

            It was Nobuyuki’s boss.  “Hello.” He said.  “Is Nobuyuki Masaki
here?”

 

            “Hold on a second, I’ll see.” Answered Tenchi.

 

            Tenchi put the phone down and shouted upstairs.  He heard no answer,
so he went upstairs.  He knocked lightly on his father’s door, but there was no
response.  So he quietly opened it and looked inside.  Tenchi looked towards
the bed and froze.  His eyes widened, and then he quietly closed the door. 
Tenchi walked downstairs, and picked up the phone.

 

            “I’m sorry,” said Tenchi, “but he is not available at the moment.  Can I
take a message?”

 

            “Tell him to come to work the day after tomorrow.” The man
answered.  “The repairs at the job are finished.  Thank you and have a good
night.” 

 

            Then Tenchi hung up the phone.

 

            “Who was that?” asked Aeka.

 

            Spaced out a bit, he didn’t answer.

 

            “Tenchi-sama?”

 

            Tenchi shook his head.  “Oh, sorry Aeka.  That was Dad’s boss.  He
wants him back at work in a couple of days.”

 

            “Is something wrong?” asked Aeka worriedly.

 

            “Well, now that you mention it,” continued Tenchi, “but it’s a bit too
embarrassing to say.”

 

            Aeka moved closer to Tenchi.  “Whatever it is, you can tell me.”

 

            Tenchi took a gulp and whispered to Aeka what he saw in his dad’s
room.  Aeka was surprised at the statement.

 

            “Really?” she asked.  Tenchi nodded.  

 

            “I thought she couldn’t stand him?” asked Aeka.

 

            “I thought so too.” Answered Tenchi.

 

            “Couldn’t stand who?” asked Sasami.

 

            Both Tenchi and Aeka jumped.

 

            “Um, er, well,” stammered Tenchi, “I really don’t know how to say
this.” 

 

            “I-it’s a little too, um, well, it’s kind of hard to say to you.” Aeka
stammered as well.

 

            Sasami frowned.  “Oh, you mean ‘adult’ things.  You never let me hear
anything like that!”

 

            “Please don’t take it too personally Sasami.” Said Tenchi, rubbing the
back of his head. 

 

            “I was just kidding.” Smiled Sasami.  “I don’t think I’d want to hear it
anyways.  But maybe you should tell Washu.”

 

            Both Tenchi and Aeka nodded and went inside the laboratory.  When
they entered, they saw Washu typing on the holotop and Yosho watching her. 
So they decided to approach the two.

 

            “Uh, little Washu?” asked Tenchi, but was shushed by Yosho.

 

            “Not now.”  He whispered.  “Wait until she’s done scanning.”

 

            After several seconds, Washu was finally done.  She stood up and
spoke.

 

            “Well guys,” she started, “I’m glad you’re all here, but we need Ryoko
in here as well.  Could somebody go get her?  It’s very important.  I want all of
you to hear.  We’ll tell Sasami later.”

 

            Tenchi nodded and left the lab and went to the attic.  There he found
Ryoko drinking her seventh bottle of sake.

 

            “Are you okay Ryoko?” asked Tenchi, a bit worried about her.

 

            “I’ve had worse.” Answered Ryoko.  “But one thing bothers me.  It’s
the fact that I’ve ended up pushing you away to the point where you don’t find
me attractive anymore.”

 

            Tenchi remembered what had happened in the forest.  Then he
answered.

 

            “Yeah, about that.  I don’t think it was you, but the side effects of the
potion.  Aeka was feeling better as well.  So you don’t need to worry.”

 

            “Maybe you’re right.” Answered Ryoko.  “But can you tell me
something?  Am I still attractive to you?”

 

            Tenchi blushed at that statement.  He didn’t answer.  He was trying to
speak, but no words were coming out of his mouth.  This made Ryoko feel
worse.  She turned her face away from Tenchi, a tear flowing from her eye. 
Tenchi quickly got himself together.

 

            “(If I don’t say anything),” he thought to himself, “(I’ll definitely hurt
her feelings).”

 

            So Tenchi took a deep breath, exhaled, and approached Ryoko.  He
was feeling very nervous right now.  He cupped her chin with his hand.  Ryoko
was taken back a bit from his sudden forwardness, but welcomed it anyways. 
She turned to face him, depression in her eyes.  This made Tenchi even more
nervous.  He paused for a second, and then shook it off.  Then he leaned closer
to her, and gently kissed her on the lips.  Ryoko’s heart was pound! ing.  Then
he stood up and spoke.

 

            “If I didn’t find you attractive, I wouldn’t get a nosebleed every time you
appear before me naked.  Words wouldn’t heal the way I hesitated to answer,
so I had to show it.”

 

            Ryoko was filled with delight.  She remembered what Pixelle said about
being passive, so she resisted every urge to pounce on him.  Finally, after a short
pause, Tenchi remembered why he came up there.

 

            “Oh yeah, I forgot!” he exclaimed worriedly.  “Washu wants us in her
lab!  She says it’s very important!  Let’s go, before she wonders what’s taking
us so long!”

 

            Ryoko nodded and stood up.  “Just one more thing.” Said Ryoko.  “Are
you finally starting to come around?”

 

            Tenchi scratched his head nervously.  “L-let’s take it one step at a time
okay?”

 

            Ryoko cheerfully nodded, and the two went to the laboratory.

 

 

                     (At the architect building)

                               

                               

            Dr.Clay was experimenting on his new victim.  He called Kai over to the
basement via intercom.  Kai teleported over to where Clay was.

 

            “Found anything interesting on our new lab rat?” asked Kai.

 

            “Yes, very interesting.” Answered Clay.  “It seems that this Juraian
scout was on his way to the Masaki shrine.  After doing countless experiments
on him, I finally have all the data I need on Juraians.  I even found an interesting
display in the subject’s retina.”

 

            “Please continue.” Said Kai.

 

            “Anyways,” continued Clay, “inside the eye of a Juraian is the pupil, or
retina, as it is accurately called.  However, inside the retina is yet another retina
that allows them to see molecules that even advanced telescopes are unable to
see.  This is why they can see pixies and other camouflaging creatures.”

 

            “In what way?” asked Kai.

 

            Dr. Clay just grinned evilly.  “That brings me to my next test subject.  I
have taken the liberty of dissecting one your imps to get results.  I hope you
don’t mind.”

 

            “Not at all.” Answered Kai.  “They’re just stupid imps.”

 

            Clay continued.  “Through careful examination and a bit of luck, the
cloaking abilities that make them invisible are not by magic, as we all once
thought.  It is merely a large group of outer molecules that surround its host and
camouflages them into the surroundings.  But that’s not the amazing part.  Each
one of those molecules is a living organism.  I haven’t yet figured out what allows
them to cloak their host, but I’ll just have to dissect another imp to find out. 
Also, these molecules become useless if immediately covered with a foreign
substance.  I have also created a device which will render that extra vision ability
of a Juraian helpless for an hour.”

 

            “Excellent.” Said Kai.  “And I have some wonderful news as well.  The
Juraian emperor and his wives are coming to this planet.  I will be able to use
this on them when arrive.  From where they are right now, I’d say they’ll be here
in about three and a half weeks, if nothing distracts them.”

 

            “Things just keep getting better and better!” exclaimed Dr. Clay in
delight.  “Prepare for their arrival, and have fun when they do!”

 

            

                       (Washu’s laboratory)

                               

                               

            It was getting late, but Washu was adamant about stating what she had
to say.  Before she could start, there was a knock on the door.  Washu opened
it and found Sasami, Kiyone, and Mihoshi at the door.  Washu just sighed.  She
let them in and let them talk.

 

            “We have some good news and some bad news for you.” Said
Mihoshi.  “The good news is that Kojiro will be here sooner, thanks to Kiyone
giving the GP some information that led them on a wild goose chase.”

 

            “Actually,” said Kiyone, “Mihoshi’s the one you should thank.  We
picked up coordinates on Kojiro’s ship, and Mihoshi accidentally read the
coordinates wrong.  The commander took her word for it, and sent us to watch
the Earth.”

 

            “But it gets worse.” Said Mihoshi sadly.  “Uh, what was it again?  I
forgot.”

 

            Kiyone just shook her head irritably.  “The bad news is that the emperor
and his wives are coming to this planet as well.”

 

            Everyone was very surprised at this statement.

 

            “Do you know when?”   Asked Aeka worriedly.

 

            “We’re not exactly sure.” Answered Kiyone.  “But according to
distance, they should be arriving here before Kojiro does.”

 

            “Then we don’t have much time!”  Interrupted Washu.  “Everyone! 
Listen to what I have to tell you.  First off, the jewel I once had in my quarters
has been stolen by one of Kai’s demons.”

 

            Everyone gasped and was talking all at once, but not in unison.

 

            “Quiet!” shouted Washu.  “One person at a time!  Anyways, he
managed to conjure up a demon that can escape my sensors.  We need to make
sure that we’re strong enough to outwit Kai.  If he has managed to activate his
jewels, Kojiro doesn’t stand a chance!”

 

            “I don’t know about Kojiro,” Ryoko stated, “but I know that with
Tenchi by my side, I can defeat any opponent who comes my way!”

 

            “I wouldn’t worry about it much either.” Aeka also stated.  “He is no
match for Juraian power, and he will be getting a triple dose!  One from me, one
from father, and one from Yosho.  Quadruple if you count Tenchi-sama!”

 

            Washu just sighed.  “As powerful and as confident as you all are, still be
careful!  Kai may be vulnerable to holy power, but he is very tricky!  And now
that he has three of the jewels, he can now control the element it represents. 
Let’s just pray that one of them isn’t time or space.  If it is, we’ll need all the
power that we can muster.”

 

            Everyone was silent for a moment, but their eyes still showed
confidence.

 

            “And to make things worse,” she continued, her voice fainter, “Pixelle is
no longer a virgin. Kai will try to kill her, now that she’s conceived.  He will kill
her and her baby in front of Kojiro, just to spite him.”

 

            “What the hell are you talking about?” asked Ryoko.  “When did Pixelle
have sex?”

 

            Washu didn’t respond. Tenchi and Aeka both had sweat drops on their
heads, remembering the event.  Washu finally took a breath and responded.

 

            “When all of us were out of the house,” she started, “the demon Kai
sent, went inside the house, took one of Ryoko’s special bottles of sake, and
placed it where Pixelle could find it.  With her senses blocked, he could roam
about the house undetected.  When I left to find an antidote, he must have used
this opportunity to sneak inside.  He entered my lab through the spectrecal realm
and stole the jewel.  Sometime during that whole event, Nobuyuki came in the
house.  With the alcohol inside Pixelles system, she becomes a different person. 
She flirted with him, and, ! being the person that he is, went with it. One thing led
to another, and you know the rest.”

 

            Tenchi just shook his head.  “Of all the people to walk in at that time.”
He muttered.

 

            “Well, at least it wasn’t Tenchi.” Said Ryoko, but a large cat statue fell
on her head as soon as she finished speaking. Ryoko groaned.  Washu frowned.

 

            “At least Tenchi would’ve run away.” Said Washu while glaring at
Ryoko.

 

            “The way Tenchi is, I doubt he would have the strength to get away
from her.” Said Kiyone as she dodged the ray of green light that formed under
her.

 

            “The point in subject,” continued Washu, now glaring at Kiyone, “is that
now Kojiro has a weakness!  We need to hide her pregnancy from everyone,
until Kai is destroyed!”

 

            “How do you even know she’s pregnant?”  Asked Ryoko. 

 

            “Pixies are very fertile.” Answered Washu.  “The chances of her not
conceiving are ten-trillion to one.  I highly doubt that Nobuyuki has any fertility
problems.”

 

            “Speaking of which,” asked Aeka, “what will be of them now?”

 

            “Well,” answered Washu, “either Nobuyuki marries her, or Kojiro kills
him to preserve Pixelles honor.  Don’t ask me why, but he says it’s an old
custom of his people.”

 

            Both Tenchi and Aeka gasped.

 

            “No way!” exclaimed Tenchi.  “I don’t want my dad to die!”

 

            “He won’t.” answered Washu.  “I’m certain of it.”

 

            “What makes you so sure?” exclaimed Aeka, very much worried about
Tenchi’s welfare.

 

            “Because he admitted to falling in love with her.” Answered Washu.
Everyone fell silent in surprise.  “But that’s not the problem!  Kojiro hasn’t
regained his memory of me yet.  Without me to calm him down, he’ll try to kill
him, and even remembering me isn’t a guarantee for his safety.  Our best bet is
to have Pixelle fall in love with him in return.  Unless, of course, Tenchi doesn’t
mind being fatherless.”

 

            “Of course I mind!” exclaimed Tenchi.  “We need to handle this as soon
as possible!”

 

            “In due time.” Answered Washu.  “These things take patience.  Besides
(big smile), I’m hungry! Let’s eat something!  We’ll start planning tomorrow.”

 

            Everyone’s face faulted.  Even in such a hectic time, Washu was still
able to remain calm through it all.

 

 

                     (Masaki house: Morning)

                               

                               

            It was early morning.  The sun had just risen, and Sasami was preparing
the food.  Pixelle awoke with a splitting headache. Her eyes were still a bit
blurry from sleep.  She held her head and tried to recall what happened the
other day.  After a few seconds, her vision cleared.  She saw herself naked in a
bed.  Her pussy also felt a bit sore.  She also noticed some blood on the sheets. 
Pixelle tried very hard to remember what happened.  As she moved her legs,
she felt another body next to her.  Curious, she removed the sheets and found
Nobuyuki asleep, next to her, also naked.  Without giving it a second thought,
she screamed to the top of her lungs.  

 

            Surprised by this, Nobuyuki jumped out of bed.  Pixelle punched him in
the stomach, and disappeared.  By now, everybody was up and ran to
Nobuyuki’s room.  As soon as they rushed in, they found him on the floor,
clenching his stomach.  

 

            “I guess this means Pixelle’s up.” Grinned Ryoko.  

 

            Aeka covered her eyes.  Tenchi quickly put a bed sheet over him, but
also cringed at the sight of blood on it.

 

            Sasami had come in a minute later.  “What’s wrong?” she asked.  “Did
Pixelle wake up?”

 

            Everyone nodded.

 

            “Where is she?”

 

            Everyone shrugged.

 

            “I’ll go look for her.” Answered Washu.  “Ryoko. Tenchi.  I need you
two to help me.  The rest of you, fill Nobuyuki in on what’s going on.”

 

            “Wait a minute!” exclaimed Aeka.  “Why does Ryoko get to go with
Tenchi-sama?!  I want to help too!”

 

            “Actually,” said Tenchi a little nervously, scratching the back of his head,
“there’s something I need to say to Ryoko, so it’s probably best that she helps
me.  Besides, my dad needs you guys right now.”

 

            “But Tenchi-sama,” continued Aeka, “what if that filthy space pirate tries
to flirt with you, or worse?!”

 

            “Don’t worry.” Said Tenchi.  “I don’t think she’ll try anything with
Washu around.”  

Thinking about what he just said, he decided to keep his mouth shut for now.

 

 

                           (Outside)

                               

                               

            Ryoko and Washu were following Tenchi.

 

            “Remember to tell us when you see her.” Said Washu while looking
around.  Before she could say anything else, a faint sobbing could be heard. 
Tenchi looked around, and saw Pixelle in the grassy area of the shrine steps. 
Judging by how her face looked, she had been crying for quite some time.  The
three walked over to where she was.

 

            “Are you okay?” asked Tenchi, a concerned look in his face.

 

            “(Damn Juraians)!”  Thought Pixelle.  “(I can’t even cry somewhere
without being seen by one)!”  She became visible again, and turned away from
them.

 

            “What do you want!” shouted Pixelle in between sobs.

 

            “We were concerned.” answered Washu.  “A kappa called Byron told
me what happened.  I wanted to know if you were okay.”

 

            “Of course I’m not okay!”  Exclaimed Pixelle, crying even more.  “I
can’t believe what I’ve just done!  And with him of all people!  What will
Kojiro-sama think of me now?!  How will I live with myself?!”

 

            Washu placed her hand on Pixelle’s shoulder.  “Don’t worry. 
Everything will work out in the end.  These sorts of things always do.”

 

            “Yeah, don’t worry.” Said Ryoko.  “Shit happens.  You’ll get over it.”

 

            Washu gave an icy glare at Ryoko.  Ryoko just shrugged her shoulders. 
Tenchi grabbed her hand and led her up the shrine.

 

            “I think we should leave the sentimental talks to Washu.” Said Tenchi.

 

            “That’s little Washu.” Washu corrected.

 

            Ryoko was happy at the moment.  There Tenchi was, leading her by the
hand.  She made a mental note to thank Pixelle for the talk later.

 

            When they left, Washu told Pixelle all about what happened.  Pixelle
broke into tears again, crying on Washu’s shoulder.  When she had finished
crying, she sighed, and finally spoke in a soft tone.

 

            “What will I do now?  It looks like I won’t be able to sail the galaxies
with Kojiro-sama anymore.  I just wish Kojiro-sama was here to kill Kai for
making this happen.  Amazing.  All these things happening in such a backwater
planet.  It’s too bad their battle is going to destroy it.”

 

            “I know.” Answered Washu.  “The Earth normally wouldn’t be able to
tolerate such destruction.  At least, not until the greatest scientific genius in the
universe came to this backwater planet.”

 

            “What the hell are you talking about?” asked Pixelle irritably. 

 

            “They can just have their battle in an alternate universe that I’ll create. 
The only problem is luring Kai into it, but I’ll think of something.”

 

            Washu and Pixelle continued to talk.  Meanwhile, elsewhere in the
shrine, Ryoko and Tenchi are talking as well.

 

            “I wanted to apologize for last night.” Said Tenchi.  “I’m not sure what I
was thinking; I just acted upon instinct or something.”

 

            “Why are you apologizing?” asked Ryoko.  “It’s not as if I didn’t like
it.”

 

            “I know, but it was rude not to ask.” Answered Tenchi, who was
beginning to blush.

 

            Ryoko smiled.  “Then can I ask you to kiss me?  Don’t take too long to
answer, or I’ll kiss you instead.”

 

            Tenchi froze.  “Um, uh, well, I, uh,..”  was all Tenchi could muster
before Ryoko kissed him, gently this time.  He nearly passed out.

 

            “If you want me to go at this pace, it’s all right with me.” Ryoko said
while cuddling him.  “But what will you tell Aeka?”

 

            Tenchi recovered and thought for a moment.  Then he finally spoke.

 

            “Well, I guess I could tell her before her family comes.  It won’t be easy
though.  She won’t take it very well.”

 

            “I’ll just tell her!”  Said Ryoko cheerfully.

 

            “Ryoko!” exclaimed Tenchi.  “If the tables were turned, would you want
me doing the same thing to you?!”

 

            “No.” Ryoko pouted.  “Alright, I won’t say a word. “(Damn Zero
effects)!”

 

            Tenchi gave Ryoko a warm smile.  “I’m glad to hear it Ryoko.”

 

            “No problem.” Said Ryoko as she cuddled closer to him.  “Tenchi, can
I ask you something?”

 

            “Sure.”

 

            “When did you realize that you had feelings for me?”

 

            “I’m not really sure.  It was officially yesterday, but I think it went as far
back as when I used to see your spirit around that cave.  You frightened me
when you tried to kill me, but I guess that was partially my fault as well.”(Looks
at watch). “Well, I think that’s enough time.  We better get back before the
others start wondering what’s taking us so long.”

 

 

                            (Later)

                               

 

            Everyone was at the table eating the fresh curry that Sasami had
prepared.  Ryoko was giving winks at Tenchi.  Aeka got angry and clutched her
bowl.

 

            “Is there something in your eye?!” growled Aeka.  “Stop disturbing
Tenchi-sama!”

 

            Ryoko ignored her and sat closer to Tenchi.  In retaliation, Aeka also
sat closer to Tenchi.  The two growled at each other, lightning bolts in their
eyes.  Tenchi ate his food nervously.  Aeka and Ryoko continued to eat, their
cold gaze never leaving each other.  Pixelle was next to Sasami, eating her food
slowly.  Nobuyuki tried to talk to her, but each response was answered with a
glare.  All of a sudden, she felt sick.  She ran to the bathroom as fast as her legs
could take he! r.  There were vomiting sounds, as well as curse words of every
sort.

 

            Everyone looked confused.

 

            “Morning sickness.” Washu answered between mouthfuls of food.  “It’s
normal.  She’ll be okay.”  Then she thought for a second.  “I guess I should’ve
told her about that. Oh well.  Better late than never.”

 

            When Pixelle came out, she frowned at the scientist.  “I heard that!” she
exclaimed.  “There better not be anymore of this, that’s for sure!”

 

            Washu didn’t say a word and continued to eat.

 

 

                        (One month later)

                               

                               

            It has been a month since that event.  Everyone just went about their
lives as usual.  Tenchi going to school, the girls doing what they normally do,
Washu working in her lab, and Nobuyuki going to and fro from work.  Every
time Nobuyuki tried to talk to Pixelle, she would become invisible and
disappear.  Finally, he entered Washu’s lab to speak with her.  When he was
inside the lab, he found Washu, working on these unusual machines.  They
seemed to be weapons of some sort.  Finally he approached her.

 

            “What can I do for you?” asked Washu, not looking back.

 

            “I came to talk about Pixelle.” He said.  “Every time I try to talk to her,
she disappears.  I know what I did was wrong, but she won’t even let me
apologize.”

 

            “And what do you plan to do once you apologize?” asked Washu, who
was still working on her machines.

 

            Nobuyuki thought for a second, and then answered.  “Well, I’ll try to
make it up to her however I can.  I know that’s not enough, but what else can I
do?”

 

            Washu stopped working and turned around to face him.  “I have a
question for you.” Said Washu, staring seriously into his eyes.  “When you said
you loved Pixelle, did you mean that, or were you just saying that to get on my
good side?”

 

            “I meant it wholeheartedly.” Answered Nobuyuki.  “I know I shouldn’t
have taken advantage of her like that, but can I do now?  Aeka said that if I
don’t marry her, Kojiro will harm me.  Not that I don’t deserve it, but I really do
want to marry her.  I want her to love me in return though, or the marriage won’t
mean a thing.”

 

            Washu looked at him, seeing the concern in his eyes.  “If you are truly
serious, then I can help you.  I hope this is true.”

 

            Nobuyuki nodded.

 

            “Good.” Said Washu, now standing up.  “I take it Aeka didn’t mention
about how not marrying Pixelle will cause Kojiro to kill you.”

 

            An expression of fear was now on his face.  “S-she didn’t tell me
anything about that!”

 

            Washu just smiled.  “It’s okay.  At least I know that you’re serious. 
You basically have to do this on your own though.  All I can help you with is
getting her to stay in one place long enough to speak.  Watch and learn.”

 

            Washu now made her holotop appear.  She was punching in random
keys until Pixelle appeared in front of them.  She was wearing one of Aeka’s
kimonos.  She looked around.

 

            “Why am I here?” she asked, then looked at Nobuyuki.  “What the hell
does HE want?!”

 

            “I wanted to apologize.” Stated Nobuyuki.  “But that isn’t all I wanted
to say.”

 

            Pixelle turned toward Washu’s direction.  “Tell him that I don’t wish to
hear his excuses!”

 

            Washu shook her head.  “Didn’t I tell you to stay away from alcohol?! 
This is partially your fault as well!  Can’t you see that he’s very sincere about,
you know, loving you?!”

 

            This statement surprised Pixelle, but after a second she just grinned.

 

            “You mean lusting me right?”

 

            Nobuyuki grabbed her hand.  Pixelle was about to charge an energy
blast, but saw Washu’s glare, and stopped.

 

            “Pixelle,” he started, “even though it’s only been a little over a month,
I’m very sincere when I say I love you and want to spend my life with you.  I
know I can’t make up for it, but at least give me a chance to try.”

 

            “But I’m not ready for marriage!” exclaimed Pixelle.  “And as much as
you deserve it, I don’t want Kojiro-sama killing you either!”

 

            “As scary as that sounds,” continued Nobuyuki, “I’m willing to take that
chance.  We can get to know each other better first, but I will marry you when
YOU are ready.”

 

            Several different thoughts were racing about Pixelles mind.  Part of her
wanted to let Kojiro kill him, another part wanted to marry him, and yet another
part wanted to die.  She believed he was sincere, which made her all the more
confused.  Finally, she pushed all other thought’s aside, and let her emotions
answer for her.

 

            “Well, I guess we can TRY to see if things can work out.  After all,
you’re the one losing the most.  That does show sincerity.”

 

            Nobuyuki was overjoyed.  He hugged Pixelle and thanked her for giving
him another chance.  She resisted the urge to push him off.  Finally, he let go. 
He noticed her wings were able to go through the kimono, so he decided to ask.

 

            “Um, Pixelle, won’t Aeka be mad that you put holes in her kimono so
that your wings could fit?”

 

            Pixelle just shrugged.  “So what?  She has a whole bunch just like it.”

 

 

 

                     (Saturday: Masaki home)

                               

                               

            Two days has passed.  It was Saturday, and everybody was eating
breakfast.  Pixelle looked at Ryoko.  She was just staring lovingly at Tenchi. 
Aeka was pretending not to see this and was eating her food grumpily.  

 

            “So Tenchi,” Pixelle said, “have you finally got up the spine to tell
Aeka?”

 

            Aeka looked at Tenchi in surprise.  “Tell me what?”

 

            Ryoko was eager to finally hear it.  After a month of seeing Tenchi in
secret, he was finally going to confess.  Pixelle just grinned, knowing that Tenchi
had to finally give the Juraian princess the brush off.

 

            Tenchi rubbed the back of his head, laughing a little, being quite
nervous.  Finally, he spoke.  

 

            “Well, I do have a confession to make.  You see…”

 

            Before he could finish, Mihoshi and Kiyone run into the room.  After
catching her breath, Kiyone finally spoke.

 

            “Princess Aeka!  Sasami!  Yosho!  Your parents are coming this way!”

 

            Alarmed, Aeka and Sasami quickly ran to the door to greet them. 
Nervous, Pixelle and Ryoko disappeared.  Yosho just calmly walked to the
door, bringing Tenchi along with him.  The door knocked.  Tenchi opened it. 
Surely enough, it was Azusa, Funaho, and Misaki, along with three strange
people.

 

            “Well?” answered Azusa impatiently.  “Aren’t you going to let us in?”

 

            Tenchi quickly got out of way and let them in.  They sat down on the
couches.  Aeka and Sasami greeted their mother and father in a formal manner. 
Misaki frowned.  Sweat drops appeared on their foreheads.  Ryoko and Pixelle
quickly teleported upstairs within earshot.

 

            “Why are we hiding?” whispered Pixelle.

 

            “Just listen in.”  Answered Ryoko.  “You’ll die with laughter when
you hear this.  Just teleport out of here before you laugh, or they’ll hear
you. Also, what is it that you did to me?  I’m able to be around Tenchi
without glomping on him.”

 

            “Well, I just…”

 

            “Sh-sh,” said Ryoko, “tell me later.  They’re gonna say it!”

 

            So they listened in.  As soon as Aeka and Sasami greeted their mother
in that funny high pitched tone as “their mommy” (Authors note: those who seen
“here comes Jurai” know what I’m talking about), Ryoko held her mouth and
teleported away.  Pixelle, not heeding Ryoko’s warning, laughed hysterically. 
All of a sudden, a stampeding sound could be heard coming up the stairs. 
Pixelle tried to teleport away, but her cheek was grabbed by Misaki and she
was pulled downstairs.

 

            “I heard that, Pixie!” flared Misaki as she pulled Pixelle’s cheeks even
wider.  “I won’t even ask what a pixie’s doing around Earthlings and Juraians,
but nobody mocks my daughters!”

 

            “Geez!  I’m sorry lady!” exclaimed Pixelle as she was trying to pry
Misaki’s hands away.  “Damnit!  That hurts!  Let go!”

 

            Aeka was quietly laughing at the sight.  Sasami held up some signs
toward Pixelle.  She reluctantly read them out loud.  Misaki let her go after that,
but then hugged her tight.

 

            “Misaki!” shouted Azusa.  “Don’t touch that filthy thing!  It’s a pixie, not
a fairy!”

 

            “I know that! She shouted back.  “Why do you always have to be such
a bigot?!  We hardly get any foreign visitors because of you!”

 

            “Fine!” he shouted back.  “Just make sure it’s not filthy!”

 

            Pixelle had all she could stand.  She removed herself from Misaki’s grip,
and walked straight over to Azusa.  She raised her hand and tried to slap him. 
He just dodged and laughed.

 

            Pixelle was really angry now.  “How dare you say things like that about
things you don’t even understand!”

 

            Azusa stood up and approached Pixelle.  “And how dare YOU try to
strike royalty!  If you weren’t just a pathetic little pixie, I would have you thrown
in a cell!”

 

            Nobuyuki was quite upset and stood in front of the emperor.

 

            “And I don’t appreciate the way you’re talking about her!” said a rather
upset Nobuyuki.  “I may have not met you last time, but that’s no way to treat
members of this household!”

 

            Pixelle was speechless.  “(No one has ever stood up for me before,
not even Washu).”

 

            “Insolence!” exclaimed Azusa.  “This is why I hate coming here!  Now
on to business!”

 

            Just then, Washu came in from the lab.  She had a very concerned
expression on her face.

 

            “Bad news everyone!” she stated.  “Kai’s outside!  He wants to see the
emperor!  He also said that if he doesn’t come outside, then he won’t return the
missing scout!”

 

            With that, Azusa rushed outside, energy sword drawn.  He approached
Kai, who in turn just smirked.

 

            “Who are you and what do you want?!  Azusa shouted.  “What have
you done to my scout?!”

 

            Kai snapped his finger, and the scout appeared before the emperor,
blood trickling from his body, his left eye bleeding as well.  His clothes were
tattered, like he was attacked by wolves.  Azusa called Funaho, who came
rushing out.  When she saw the scout’s bad shape, she held her hands to her
mouth, trying to hold back the gasping sound that was coming out.  She picked
him up and brought him inside the house.

 

            “He was a good specimen you know.” Answered Kai, smiling evilly this
time.  “He didn’t even scream, which is good.  Men sound like such pussies
when they scream.  Anyways, I’ve come to challenge you to test my power.  Do
you accept?”

 

            Sword in hand, Azusa nodded.  Kai nodded, and materialized his
energy sword.  They charged towards each other.  Everyone was looking
outside the window, watching them fight.  It seemed that Azusa was having the
upper hand, as he managed to strike Kai’s cheekbone.  They continued, making
loud clangs with each connecting blade.  Azusa found an open area and struck
Kai in the solar plexus.  Kai qu! ickly teleported on top of a tree, clutching his
wounds.

 

            “Ugh!”  He grunted.  “You’re a lot better than I thought!  But let’s see if
you can withstand this!”

 

            Kai jumped off the tree, landing perfectly on his feet.  He healed the
wounds he had.  Azusa did not have any wounds, for he wasn’t struck at all. 
Kai charged up an energy blast.  When it was fully charged, he shot it.  Azusa
blocked it with his sword.

 

            Kai grinned.  “I’ve really underestimated you!  I guess Jurai’s royalty is
strong.  I must warn you though.  A little more than a month ago, you might have
defeated me.  Now, however, I’m afraid the tables are turned.  Watch this!”

 

            Kai mumbled, and red, black, and yellow orbs were floating around
him.  From the house, Washu could tell what it was.  She hurried into her lab. 
The others were still watching.  Kai’s arm turned into a flame.  He shot a wave
of flames at Azusa, who in turn blocked it with the light hawk wings.

 

            “My turn!” shouted Azusa as he charged at Kai with blinding speed, the
light hawk blade glowing.  Kai didn’t move.  His body was now glowing black. 
Azusa struck, but was stopped in his tracks, the blade almost at Kai’s
forehead.  A light trickle of blood flowed from it.  Kai wiped the blood from his
brow, and now walked over to the Juraian emperor.

 

            “You almost killed me!” exclaimed Kai.  “Just half a second later and I
would have been done for!  But, this is what I get for underestimating Jurai’s
royal bloodline.  By the way, do you want to know why you can’t move?”

 

            Azusa didn’t say a word.

 

            “Oh, that’s right!” said Kai, almost laughing.  “You can’t say anything
can you?  Not as long as you’re frozen in time.  This is just too easy!”

 

            Kai’s energy sword materialized again.  He pointed the tip at Azusa’s
neck.  The others were now running towards him.  He just raised his free hand
and froze them as well.  He teleported over to Pixelle, who was the only one
who was still moving.  Pixelle tried to teleport away, but Kai stopped her as
well.  His arm now was glowing yellow, as the earth itself grabbed Pixelle.  He
waved his hands again, and Pixelle was able to move again.  She tried to break
free from the earth’s grasp, but the more she struggled, the tighter the grip. 
When she felt the rock tighten around her womb, she stopped struggling, and the
rock loosened its grip on her.

 

            A little confused at this, Kai approached her until he was close enough
to smell her.

 

            “Why did you stop struggling?”  Asked Kai.  “With a bit more
struggling, you could have teleported out of here, or at least change your size.”

 

            Pixelle didn’t answer.

 

            “Won’t talk?  Then I’ll just have to find out myself.  However, I was
never the type to touch anything I found revolting.”

 

            Kai snapped his fingers, and an imp appeared.

 

            “Thanks for summoning me boss.” He said, bowing down to Kai.  “Dr.
Clay is insane!  He’s using our kind for experiments!  I’ll do whatever you
want!  Just don’t send me back there!”

 

            “Examine this pixie!” ordered Kai.  “Find out what’s with her!”

 

            The imp looked at Pixelle, and then grinned.  “With pleasure boss!”

 

            It flew next to Pixelle.  He felt through her hair.  There wasn’t anything
different.  The imp sniffed the air.

 

            “I think I know that smell.” It said.  The imp punched a small hole, long
enough to fit his arm, into the rock.  Pixelle kicked the imp when he tried to
undo her obi (Japanese robe sash).  The imp, in turn, kicked her in the shin. 
Once it was undone, he felt around her clit.  Pixelle tried to struggle, but to no
avail.  The imp, finally realized what it is he was looking for turned to Kai, not
removing his hand from where it was.

 

            “Now this is going to sound strange,” the imp said, “but this pixie is
pregnant.”

 

            Kai gave an evil smile.  “Imagine!  Who would want to lie with such a
disgusting creature?” (Looks at the imp) Do what you want with her, just don’t
kill her.  I want to save that…”

 

            This was all Kai could say before he was stabbed through the chest.  He
turned around and saw Ryoko.  She had her energy sword still in hand, pushing
the sword even deeper.

 

            “W-we m-meet again.” Said Kai, weakening from the wound.

 

            Don’t you ever hurt my friend! Yelled Ryoko.  “Now, go to hell and
stay there!”

 

            “Y-you f-irst p-puppet!” growled Kai.  His eyes were glowing red.  As
if her hands had a mind of their own, they extinguished the energy sword. 
Ryoko’s eyes were now glowing red.

 

            “Apparently you f-forgot about m-my demon c-on-trol.  Grunted Kai, in
pain from the wound.  Now, heal me with your life force!” 

 

            Without hesitation, the space pirate let Kai absorb energy from her.  His
wound healed, and Ryoko fell to the ground.  Feeling much better, Kai faced the
imp.

 

            “Now, you have two choices!  One!  I send you back to Clay!  Two!
You do something to calm my anger!”

 

            The imp nervously thought of something.  He removed his arm from the
rock, and went behind Pixelle.  He lightly caressed her wings, and with one fell
swoop, tore them out.  Pixelle screamed, tears flowing from her cheeks, and
blood trickling from her back.

 

            “Hey, it was either you or me.” Said the imp.  “Besides, those wings
were ugly anyway.  Consider what I did a favor.”

 

            “Very impressive.” Said Kai.  “I never though an imp had the brain
capacity to think up something so clever.  Good work!”

 

            “Thanks boss!” said the imp.  “I think.”

 

            All of a sudden, everyone’s bodies were able to move again.

 

            “What the hell?!” exclaimed Kai.  “How is this possible?!  I still have
them in my hold!”

 

            Washu came running out of the house, shooting Kai with holy attacks. 
Each attack struck him painfully.  She kept doing this until he passed out.

 

            “(I’m getting the hell out of here)” thought the imp as he teleported
away.

 

            “I guess the jewels didn’t prepare you for one pissed off scientist who’s
been studying how they work!” exclaimed Washu.  “I guess you also didn’t see
those special cubes over in the sky, purposely made for this event.  It sucks up
any kind of power into them!  The only problem is that someone needed to
make them float.” (Looks up)  “By the way, thanks Azaka and Kamidake!”

 

            “You’re welcome. Said Azaka.

 

            “Anything to help our friends.” Said Kamidake.  “But why are you
talking to Kai? Isn’t he unconscious?”

 

            “I’m not just talking to him.”  Explained Washu.  “I’m talking to
everyone.  Right guys?”

 

            “Once again,” said Funaho, “you do something amazing.”

 

            

 

                        End of chapter 7

                               

                               

Well, that’s it for this chapter.  Once again, sorry for taking so long to post this. 
I would also like to thank everyone who read this and continued to read this,
especially you, priest.^_^  You signed the review box more than anyone else. 
I’ll be starting chapter 8 tomorrow, which will probably be the closing chapter,
unless I get feedback saying to continue, which would most likely be up to the
readers (you) discretion on what it should be about.  Once again, all comments,
compliments, and suggestions are to be e-mailed at rubynall@hotmail.com  

Sayonara until then!^_^


Join the world’s largest e-mail service with MSN Hotmail. Click Here


