Misaki hausuho-rudo rekidaishi - Chapter 1 :"Something strange"


This fanfic is by ryu???(me)

DISCLAIMER: I do not own the Tenchi characters. They belong to AIC and
Pioneer. This is merely for entertainment and I am not making a profit out
of this. This is free for everyone to read. Also,if AIC or Pioneer want to
use any of these ideas,feel free to do so. The only characters that are mine
are the pixie,the armored guy,and his counterpart. You'll find out what I
mean later. Please read this before reading the story.

WARNING!This is a lemon,although it does have a plot and will be done
as tastefully as possible. If you are underage,please turn back now... but
you're probably not going to listen to me anyway,are you? This story will be
set in the OAV universe,some time after "Here comes Jurai". Kiyone will be
in it because it makes sense to me,since she was in the galaxy police
special and the Tenchi movies,which were all OAV based. This story was
inspired by Happosai,who wrote "Aikan muyo", and Kunoichi,who wrote "Ranma
nibun no ichi".These were great lemons
with wonderful plots. Now that I said all this,I don't have to repeat
myself. I'll shut up now and let you read the story:P. Enjoy! ^_^.

                    Misaki hausuho-rudo rekidaishi
              (Translation)Misaki household chronicles
                     Chapter 1 Something strange

          It was a normal day in the Misaki home.(Well, normal for them
anyway). Tenchi woke up,feeling quite groggy from lack of sleep. It was
5:54. His alarm would'nt go off until 6. Groan; were Tenchi's first words.
Why did ojiisama have to go and extend his training? He knows that I have to
harvest the fields today. I can remember his answer too: "Tenchi,you must
always be focused,for there is no rest among the wicked". Tenchi thought
about what that meant. What's he talking about?! Tenchi muttered. What kind
of evil being attacks at 3 in the morning?!

           I do. said a playful voice.

           Surprised,Tenchi looked to his side,and saw Ryoko next to
him,staring at him seductively. N-nani?! exclaimed Tenchi as he jumped out
of bed. Ryoko! What are you doing in my bed?!

           Just being with you. Ryoko said playfully while signaling him to
get back into bed.

           Ryoko!he exclaimed. How many times do I have to tell you to stay
out of my room! Now leave!

           Fine! said Ryoko as she removed the covers,revealing her fully
nude body. Tenchi's instantly froze and developed a nosebleed.  What's wrong
Tenchi? said Ryoko as she phased right behind him,pressing her body against
his backside. Tenchi's nosebleed became even worse. You've seen me naked
before,so what's the difference now? Recovering from his shock,Tenchi
quickly ran out of his room,tripping over the floor. Ryoko giggled. She had
a firm grasp of his ankle. Where are you going Tenchi? asked Ryoko in a
seductive voice. You know you want to.

           Just then, Aeka came into the room. Tenchi-sama,I heard you
yelling.Is something wr...(she had just caught sight of what was happening).
Eek!

          (Oh great),thought Ryoko as she let go of Tenchi's ankle,(princess
bitch is here to ruin things for me). What do you think you are doing
Ryoko-san! exclaimed Aeka,pointing at her.

          What does it look like? said Ryoko,grinning.

          Aeka flamed. It looks to me like your exhibitionist ways are going
too far,you filthy gaishou!

          Ryoko frowned,then smirked. Tenchi quickly ran to the side of
them."Don't be jealous",said Ryoko as she cupped her breasts and put them
together;"of these",she finished. After all,is it my fault yours are so
small?

          Aeka flared. They are not! she shouted.

          Now,now princess; continued Ryoko; we all know you're as flat as a
board. I bet Tenchi would'nt even ...(SMACK!)

          Aeka had just slapped Ryoko in the face. Ryoko felt the red mark
on her face and slapped her in return. Tenchi could see what was coming
next. So he quickly spoke up.

          Listen you two! he exclaimed. You can't fight in my r...(they
stared hard at him)uh,never mind. Then he ran out of his
room. Just then the 6 o'clock alarm went off. It went ignored. After a
minute of slapping each others faces,they backed away from each other.

          It seems that I need to put you in your place,Miss
Ryoko! shouted Aeka. Prepare to feel the wrath of an angry Jurian! Azaka!
Kamidake! (The two log guardians break through Tenchi's walls,and the alarm
clock flies outside). All Tenchi could do was
stare.

          We are here Aeka-hime! said Azaka.

          What are your orders Aeka-sama? said Kamidake.

          Attack Ryoko! shouted Aeka.

          Yes Aeka-sama! They both said. Then they went to the side of Ryoko
and took hold of her. Aeka brought forth her little logs,surrounding the
space pirate.

          Look at it this way; said Aeka mockingly; at least this won't hurt
as much without clothes.

          That reminds me, said Kamidake,why is Ryoko-san without clothing?

          We're not supposed to question. whispered Azaka.

          Gomen-nasai. said Kamidake. I often forget.

          Aeka's logs shot electricity at Ryoko,electrocuting her and
burning other things in Tenchi's room.(My room!)thought Tenchi as he stared
in horror,watching his things burn.

          Ryoko quickly recovered and phased away from the guardians. My
turn! shouted Ryoko as she shot an energy blast at Aeka. Aeka blocked it
with her force field,and reflected it back at Ryoko. The space pirate dodged
and it destroyed Tenchi's bed. Too slow Aeka! Ryoko phased behind Aeka and
grabbed her,holding her up in the air. Then she threw Aeka out of the
window(well,use to be). Her guardians caught her.(HA! Fell for it!)The space
pirate charged up an
energy blast and hurled it at the guardians. It sent Aeka flying until she
fell on Tenchi's desk,shattering it. It sent Azaka and Kamidake flying into
the air. Aeka staggered to get up. She ran over and punched Ryoko dead in
the face. Ryoko backed away from her and picked up Tenchi's reading lamp and
threw it at her. Aeka blocked it with her forcefield.

          Ryoko unleashed her energy sword. Aeka was quickly looking around
for something to defend herself with. She grabbed Tenchi's sword and a box
of CD's. She unleashed the sword,then started throwing the CD's at Ryoko
like shurikens. Ryoko charged at the princess,blocking each disc with her
energy sword. When she reached Aeka,they began to fight. Ryoko was using her
energy sword,while Aeka was using Tenchi's energy sword. Each time they
did'nt connect,a piece a Tenchi's wall was sliced. This went on until they
were suddenly turned into "Kappa". Surprised,they looked around to see who
it was. It was Washu,and Tenchi was with her. They looked behind them and
saw Mihoshi and Kiyone putting out the small fire that was around the room.

           (Kuso!)they thought.(We are in BIG trouble!)

          That should be enough time to settle down. said Washu. She walked
over to them,pushed a couple of buttons,and changed them back to normal. I'm
surprised at you two! exclaimed Washu. Imagine,a princess of "Jurai royal
family",acting the way you did! (Aeka's head was now downcast). And
you,"otome",I did'nt raise you to act like this! This is horrible,even for
you!

          I'm not in the mood,"MOM"! shouted Ryoko.

          She's right you know! exclaimed Tenchi. Look at what you two done!
My whole room is destroyed! It's going to take days to repair
this!

          A hurt expression appeared on Ryoko and Aeka's faces. Ryoko was
used to Tenchi yelling at her,but not like this. B-but Tenchi,

          (Tenchi interrupts) There's no excuse for your actions! I don't
even want to think about how mad I am right now!Then he leaves.

          Then Sasami walks in. She notices all the silence,then speaks up.
Breakfast is ready! Tenchi took his breakfast with him to the field. He says
he wasn't hungry right now. C'mon,let's eat! Everyone nods and leaves.
Everyone except Ryoko and Aeka. They just stood there,motionless.

                    (At the dinner table)

          Eventually everyone,including Ryoko and Aeka,were at the dinner
table. Aeka just sat there,looking at her food. Ryoko was eating her food
very slowly.

          Katsuhito looked at them. Is something wrong? he asked.

          They said nothing.

          Oh them? said Nobuyuki. They got into another fight
and destroyed Tenchi's room. He got mad at them and they've been that way
ever since. Also,it looks like we got some repairing to do when I get home.

          Not necessary. said Washu. I'll do it for you.

          Are you sure about this? Asked Katsuhito. It's hard work.

          Who said anything about work? said Washu,grinning. I just created
a small group of servant robots to help keep my lab clean and fully
functional.

          Hmm,I see. he said.

          Arigato Washu! said Nobuyuki while bowing.

          Don't thank me, said Washu, thank Mihoshi. If she did'nt keep
sneaking into my lab and "offering" to help,I would have never needed extra
maintenance.

          That's for sure.said Kiyone.Then Washu looked at Mihoshi. So,thank
you for being an inspiration Mihoshi.

          Your welcome! said Mihoshi cheerfully.

          Kiyone just sighed. All of a sudden,Ryoko and Aeka stood up. I got
it! they both exclaimed. They looked at each other,then turned away.
Finally,they rushed to their rooms.

          Sasami just stood confused. What was that all about? she asked.

          I think they just found a way to make things up to Tenchi.said
Washu.

                      (Ryoko's room)(attic)

          I know just the thing to make it up to Tenchi.said Ryoko.She
opened a loose floorboard,and took out a black box. Then she opened it.
Inside was a fiery red jewel. This thing is more precious to me than any gem
around here. Even though it it isn't one of my gems,or even a gem for that
matter,it still seems to have a certain power to it. I don't really want to
part with it,but if it's for Tenchi,I'll give up anything. I just wonder how
this thing becomes active? Suddenly,the fire symbol on the jewel started
glowing. Then it stopped. That's strange. thought Ryoko as she put it back
in the box. Oh well,It's going to be Tenchi's now. I can't wait to see how
happy it makes him! He's so kawaii when he's happy!

                      (Somewhere in space)

           Hovering around Earth,there was this blue spaceship. Inside it
was this man in golden armor. It had a lancer type feature in its design,the
helmet had a design of gold wings on the sides,a blue visor,and a red cape
on his back. He was monitoring space when a siren went off. He looked at it
and saw a red beacon on it.

           Good! he said. After all these years of searching,I finally found
one of the jewels! He took out a pouch and removed it's contents. Inside
were the same type of jewels of different colors. An aqua colored jewel,a
sand colored jewel,and a starry night colored jewel. They all glowed the
same way. He put them back in his pouch,then turned around. Pixelle! he
yelled. It's time!

           Out of nowhere,a pixie appeared in front of him.             The
pixie was only 3 inches tall. She had orange colored hair,a light tan on her
skin,and a tiara on her head. She had no clothes on except for what seemed
to be a chastity belt on her lower area. She had long,slender legs,some fur
on her ankes,and sharp toenails. Her upper body had slender curves,and two
long streaks of hair which covered her firm,round breasts.Her arms were
toned,she had some fur on her wrists,and had claw-like fingernails. On her
back were fairy wings,except on the outer rim of them,which kind of
resembled bats outer wings. Even though she was a beautiful pixie,her wings
were not pretty.

           Pixelle at your service! said Pixelle as she saluted him,her eyes
beaming with excitement. You said it was time?

          Yes. answered the armored man.I have found the next jewel. It is
on this planet.

          Just 3 more to go,isn't that right Kojiro-sama? Pixelle asked.

          Very much so. said Kojiro. I want you to go get it. I will
monitor you in case you get into trouble. If so,contact me through
telepathy.

          Don't worry!said Pixelle confidently. As long as it isn't Washu or
Ryoko or someone dangerous like that,I'll be fine.

          Be careful though. said Kojiro. I can sense her power on this
planet. Tread carefully. With that,Pixelle was beamed
to Okinawa; Japan.

                         (Aeka's room)

          At last!thought Aeka. I've finally found a way to make things up
to Tenchi-sama! I don't want to try to sew anything,not after what happened
last time. So I'll take him to Tokyo and buy him
anything he wants! It'll be like a date,and there's nothing that baka Ryoko
can do to stop me,since I'm not going to lose my temper. It's foolproof! Or
in this case,Ryoko proof! Aeka procedes with her
plans,laughing that wicked laugh she often makes.

                      (The carrot fields)

          Tenchi was picking the carrots from the ground,thinking about what
he said to the girls earlier. Maybe I was too hard on them. he thought. I
had to let them know that what they did was
wrong,but maybe I should have been nicer. After all,they were only fighting
about me. That's all they ever fight about. Damn! I am such a baka! I'm only
hurting them by not choosing,but I don't want to hurt the other one's
feelings. If I choose Ryoko,Aeka will be devastated. She might even die from
grief. And if I choose Aeka,Ryoko will be devastated. There's no telling
what "she" might do.

         In the bushes,Pixelle was listening to Tenchi speak his thoughts
out loud.(Stupid human!)she thought.(He sounds so full of himself.
Imagine,being devastated just because they weren't chosen by him! Look at
him! He's not even handsome,or wealthy! He's just some stupid farm boy who
doesn't really know what he wants!) Before she could think further,she saw
Ryo-ohki digging in Tenchi's basket of carrots.

         Tenchi pulled out the cabbit. Ryo-ohki!he exclaimed. Those haven't
even been washed yet!

         "Miya"! said Ryo-ohki.

         Tenchi smiled. Don't worry. I'm almost done,then we can take
them home and Sasami could make you a whole bunch.

          "Miyaa"!exclaimed the cabbit cheerfully.

          "Tenchi"!called a voice.

          Tenchi looked behind him,and there was Ryoko,her head
downcast,holding a black box.

          (Kuso!)thought Pixelle.(The space pirate is here!Let me just watch
and see what happens!)

          Ryoko? said Tenchi. Anyway,I'm glad you're here. Ryoko looked up.

          R-really? she asked."Hai". said Tenchi. I wanted to apologize for
being so hard on you Ryoko.

          No Tenchi. said Ryoko,it's my fault. Gomen nasai. Here,I wanted
you to have this.(she gives the box to Tenchi).

          Tenchi opens it and takes out the jewel.

         Wow! said Tenchi. What is it?

          It's a magical jewel called "the fire jewel". It's more valuable
than anything I've ever owned.

          Tenchi looked at the jewel,then at Ryoko. This is beautiful
Ryoko,but I can't accept something that means so much to you.

          (That's it!)exclaims Pixelle.(That's the jewel Kojiro-sama has
been looking for!)

           Ryoko smiled and looked at Tenchi. I want you to have it. she
said. It would mean a lot more to me if you kept it with you
always.

           Arigato-ugozaimasu. said Tenchi. I will keep it with me always.

           Ryoko nearly burst into tears and tightly hugged Tenchi. You
don't know how happy you've made me. said Ryoko in between sobs.

           (Shimatta),thought Pixelle,(all this romance is making me sick!
Time to attack!)

                       End of Chapter 1

So,what did you think? I know that there were only limes,not lemons,in this
chapter,but like I said before,I want this to have a good plot and to be
tastefully done. So be patient. If you liked that chapter,(or did'nt),please
e-mail me. My e-mail address is rubynall@hotmail.com
Remember, I can only make this story better with your opinions.
