Hello everybody!  I am so sorry for not writing anything. Xmas and New Years can 
really take a lot out of you.  But I'm back and writing again!  Before I begin,
let me get a few things straightened out.  


First off, for those of you who didn't know what the Japanese words meant, I 
will gladly translate it. "Sama", which means Lord or Great person; "Kuso", 
which
means shit; "Kawaii", which means cute or adorable.  

 

Secondly,  "Gomen" means sorry, and "Nasai" means very (the Japanese use certain 
words as a suffix, rather than a prefix).  "Arigatuo" means thank you, and
gozaimasu means very much.  "Gaishu" means whore.  "Ojiisan" means grandfather.  
"Nani" means what.  "Shimatta" means dammit"(I only used this word once,
since I like the English word better).  "Konnichiwa" means hello.  "Hai" means 
yes.  "Otome" means daughter.  "Hime" means lady.  "Ohayo" means good! day. 
"Baka" means fool, idiot, etc.  "Otousan" means father.  And finally, "Okaasan" 
means mother.  Whew!  That was pretty long.  With that said, on to the
disclaimer. 

 

Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo.  They belong to AIC and Pioneer.  With that 
said, let's start the fic.

 

 

                          Masaki Hausuho-rudo Rekidaishi

                   (Translation: Masaki household chronicles)

                                    Chapter 5

                            The Calm before the storm

                                                              

                                                              

                                                              

            The morning had arrived.  Nobuyuki was recovering in Washu's lab, 
and everybody was tired from the night before.  So everyone, including Sasami, 
was
asleep.  Everyone except Tenchi, who was trying to hurry for school.  

 

            "I'm going to be late!" Exclaimed Tenchi.  "Everyone else is tired, 
so I'm going to have go without lunch for today."

 

            Just as he was about to head out of the door, Pixelle called out to 
him.  

 

            "Tenchi," she said, "thank you for helping me and letting me in your 
house, regardless of the things I did."

 

            "It's okay." Said Tenchi.  "We'll talk later.  Right now I have to 
get to school."

 

            "Here." Said Pixelle as she handed him a paper bag.  "It's a lunch I 
made for you, since everyone else was tired.  I used to cook for Kojiro-sama you
know."

 

            Tenchi was a bit surprised.  "Arigatuo." He said.  "Now I won't be 
hungry at lunch time."

 

            Pixelle just smiled.  "Your welcome.  But don't get any ideas.  I'm 
just being nice because I feel obligated to. It'll wear off."

 

            Tenchi smiled back.  "Sure thing." He said.  Well, I got to go now.  
Ja'ne!"  Then Tenchi hurried off to catch the bus.

 

 

                                                           (Noon)

                                                              

                                                              

            At noon everyone was up and eating breakfast.  Pixelle had cooked 
it.

 

            "This is pretty good!  Said Sasami.  "I didn't know you could cook."

 

            "I agree 100 percent!" Beamed Mihoshi.

 

            "Arigatuo!" said Pixelle.  "Don't get used to it though.  Not unless 
I really feel like it."  Then she turned to Washu.  "So how is Tenchi's otousan 
doing?"

 

            "A speedy recovery!" boasted Washu.  "He'll be completely restored 
in a few more minutes.  Nothing too spectacular for a genius such as myself!  
I'm so
brilliant!"

 

            Pixelle just grumbled to herself.  "(Conceited wench, always showing 
off how smart she is)!"

 

            After they had finished eating, they went about their business.  
Pixelle and Washu went to the laboratory.

 

            "The telepathic amplifier is finally up and running." Said Washu.  
"Now you can contact Kojiro."

 

            Pixelle quickly flew on the machine and tried to contact Kojiro.  
After a couple of minutes, she made contact.

 

            "Kojiro-sama," she said, "Pixelle here.  Where are you?  I've been 
trying to contact you!"

 

            "Gomen for worrying you Pixelle." Said Kojiro.  "How are you 
contacting me?  I'm still out of communication range."

 

            "It's a long story." Answered Pixelle.  "Could you come back here as 
quick as you can?  Kai is on this planet and he got to the jewel before I 
could!"

 

            "This is not good." Said Kojiro.  "Alright then!  I'll come back as 
quick as I can!  Stay away from him until then!"

 

            "I will." Answered Pixelle.  "But one thing bothers me though.  Why 
are you after the jewels in the first place?"

 

            "It's a very complicated story." Said Kojiro.  "I will tell you in 
full detail once I arrive.  Until then, be careful!  I'm signing off now!"

 

"Okay," Pixelle said, "Pixelle out!"

 

            She got off the machine and sighed.  "Who knows how long it will 
take before he gets here."

 

            "Until that time comes," said Washu, "you can stay here.  I trust 
you now."

 

            As they were about to leave, Nobuyuki came out of one of the 
recovery pods.

 

            "I feel great!" He exclaimed.  "Arigatuo Washu!"

 

            "Don't mention it!" said Washu.  "All in a days work for the 
universes greatest scientific genius!"  

 

            Pixelle frowned.  "If your going to continue to gloat, I'll be at 
the shrine, seeing if there are other pixies around!  I could care less about 
your stupid
gloating!"  Then Pixelle disappeared.

 

            "I knew that would make her go away." Said Washu.  "Once again 
proving how much of a genius I am!"

 

            "Um", said Nobuyuki, "can I talk to you?  It's kind of important."

 

            "Is it about Pixelle?" asked Washu.

 

            "Uh, well, yes." He continued.  "I know it's only been a couple of 
days, but I think I have certain, uh, feelings for Pixelle."

 

            Washu frowned and brought out her holotop.

 

            "No no, wait!"  Exclaimed Nobuyuki.  "That's not what I meant!  At 
least not entirely, but only a small fraction!"

 

            "Keep talking." said Washu.

            "What I mean to say is that the last time I had feelings for someone 
like this was when I met Achika.  I would be lying if I said my thoughts were 
pure, but I
really do mean what I said!"

 

            Washu's holotop disappeared.  "Okay, I believe you.  Now where do I 
come in?"

 

            "Well, she doesn't seem to be interested in me for some reason," he 
continued, "so I was wondering if you could help me out?"

 

            Washu thought for a moment.  "I don't know. Pixelle can be pretty 
stubborn, sometimes downright bitchy.  Are you sure you want to try?"

 

            Nobuyuki nodded.

 

            "Alright then." She continued.  "There may be many reasons why she 
wouldn't like you, but let's get rid of the obvious first.  Nobuyuki, for 
starters, you're
going to have to discard all of your pornography."  Second, you're going to have 
to be a gentleman, and third, you're going to have to do everything I tell you. 
When I'm done with you, you'll be the Nobuyuki that Achika first met."

 

            "Really?" 

 

            "Well, maybe."

 

            "But, how did you know about who I used to be?"

 

            "Never mind that!  Do you want Pixelle or not?!"

 

            "Hai!"

 

            "Then let's begin."

 

 

                                                        (Masaki shrine)

                                                              

                                                              

            Pixelle was flying around the shrine, when Yosho saw her and called 
out to her.

 

            "Pixelle!" said Yosho.  "Why are you flying around this shrine?  Did 
you lose something?"

 

            Pixelle flew down and stood in front of Yosho.

 

            "No." she answered.  "I was seeing if there were any other pixies 
around here.  All I found were gnomes and goblins."

 

            "There are gnomes and goblins here?" asked Yosho.  "I knew I sensed 
something mystical around here."

 

            "Hai," she said, "but they don't like humans and usually keep to 
themselves.  I can't blame them though.  They never met any good humans before."

 

            Pixelle and Yosho continued to talk for a couple of hours.  Then 
Pixelle flew back to the house.

 

 

                                                        (Living room)

                                                              

                                                              

            Everyone was glued to the television watching a soap opera.  Pixelle 
flew in and saw everybody watching it.

 

            "What's this?" asked Pixelle.

 

            "It's a television show." Answered Sasami.  "It's about two people 
who are madly in love."

 

            "Sounds boring." Said Pixelle.

 

            "Give it a chance." Said Sasami.  "You might like it."

 

            Pixelle sighed and sat down.  She watched the show.  The two 
characters were embracing each other, saying how they would do anything for the 
other. 
Pixelle was getting bored.  Everyone else watched in amazement.  Then the two 
characters kissed each other passionately.  Everyone but Pixelle watched 
closely. 
Then the male started to undo the back of the females dress.  Pixelles eyes 
widened.  Aeka covered Sasami's eyes.

 

            He slid the dress slowly, down to her thighs, then her waist, and 
finally, her ankles.  He was kissing her neck and she was taking off his vest.  
Then she
unbuttoned his shirt and was sliding it off.  They lied down on the floor.  He 
was now working on removing her bra and she was working on his belt.  Then, all 
of a
sudden, the news came on.

 

            "Dammit!" shouted everyone in the living room. 

 

NEWS REPORTER: "We interrupt this program to bring you an urgent news bulletin.  
A mysterious man has appeared on the Tokyo T.V. towers and wanted to
give everybody a serious warning.  We now bring you to the tower."

 

KAI: "Konnichiwa out there everybody!"

 

            Washu jumped out of her chair.  "Kai!  What is he doing there?!"

 

KAI:  "I have an important message for all of you on earth and Jurai!  A man by 
the name of Kojiro is coming to earth!  I'm not sure when, but when he does, he
plans to overthrow Jurai, and destroy the earth using the power of these certain 
jewels (shows everyone a picture of the green jewel that Washu had)!  I know the
exact location of the remaining jewel!  I would go get it myself, but I must 
prepare for the ultimate battle against the evil Kojiro (shows a photo of 
Kojiro)!"

 

            "That liar!" shouted Pixelle.

 

KAI:  "Great power and 500 billion U.S. dollars, or 500 billion Jurai, whichever 
your preference, to the person who brings me Washu Hakubi!  She has the
jewel!  As for Kojiro, watch out for him, and don't believe a word he says!  
That liar once tried to kill the emperor of Jurai!  Bring Washu to the tower 
when you
capture her!"

 

            With that, Kai disappeared.

 

            "Damn him and his lies!" shouted Pixelle.  "Not only is Kojiro-sama 
in danger, but so is Washu!"

 

            "I guess this means that I'll have to stay in my lab more often." 
Said Washu.  "But Kojiro is now going to have to tread carefully.  It's a good 
thing Kai
forgot to give the exact coordinates of my location.  The only thing we have to 
worry about now are Jurians.  Earths sector will definitely have their security 
beefed
up.  All we can do now is pray."

 

            "I got it!" said Mihoshi.  "All we need to do is call the galaxy 
police for protection!"

 

Everyones face faulted.

 

            "Mihoshi!" shouted Kiyone.  "If you do that, they'll arrest Washu!  
Weren't you paying attention!"

 

            Mihoshi just blinked.

 

            "Ugh!  Never mind!  We'll do what we can to slow them down!  Good 
luck everyone!"

 

            Then they left and took off in the Yugami.

 

            "We'll finish this meeting when Tenchi gets home." Said Washu.  "He 
needs to hear this too."

 

            "Just let anyone come in here!" exclaimed Ryoko.  "And dare let them 
mess with Tenchi!  I'll really kick their asses!"

 

            "For once we agree on something Ryoko!" exclaimed Aeka.

 

            "Yeah yeah," said Ryoko, "just stay out of my way when I'm 
protecting Tenchi."

 

            Aeka flared.  "Who said you were going to protect Tenchi-sama!  I 
am!"

 

            "No, I am!"

 

            "I am!"

 

            Sasami looked confused.  "I thought they were supposed to be 
protecting Washu-chan?"

 

            Washu just shook her head.  "Just leave them.  At least they'll be 
helping."

 

 

                                                           (Later)

                                                              

                                                              

            Tenchi was now walking home from the public train.  He was feeling 
tired from not getting much sleep the other night.  He was so tired, he didn't 
even
notice Ryoko phase in front of him.  Within a second, he crashed on top of her.

 

            "Nani?" he exclaimed.  Then he saw he was on top of Ryoko.  Tenchi 
blushed and got off of her.  Ryoko smiled.

 

            "Tenchi," she said playfully, "I didn't know you had it in you.  We 
can finish this right now if you want."

 

            "Gomen-nasai Ryoko." Said Tenchi.  "I didn't see you.  I'm still 
tired from last night.  By the way, what are you doing here?"

 

            "There's an important announcement Washu wants to make." Answered 
Ryoko.  "She wants you to hear it too.  It has to do with seeing Kai on the
news."

 

            Tenchi was shocked.  "Nani?!  Not again!  I need to get back to the 
house quickly!"

 

            Ryoko embraced Tenchi.  "There's no need to hurry.  Can't we fool 
around a bit first?"

 

            "Ryoko!" shouted Tenchi.  "Let go!  This is important!"

 

            "Okay fine!" pouted Ryoko.  "How long are you going to make me 
wait?"

 

            Tenchi just sighed, and then continued to walk back to the house.

 

                                                        (Masaki house)

                                                              

                                                              

            Everyone was gathered around in the living room as Washu was 
speaking.  She told everyone about keeping a low profile, and told Tenchi what 
they saw
on the news.

 

            "Now that everyone knows what to do," said Washu, "you are all 
dismissed."

 

            "Wait a second!" said Tenchi.  "Since this is on the subject, 
Pixelle, why did you give up the jewel to Kai anyways?"

 

            "Do I need a reason?!" exclaimed Pixelle.  "Your girlfriend was in 
danger and I felt sorry for you two, and it brought up sorrowful emotions 
ins."(kuso),
"Uh, I mean, Washu would have yelled at me, and I would have never got her 
jewel!"

 

            "Glad to see you finally opened up." Said Washu.

 

            "I didn't open up fully!" shouted Pixelle.

 

            "But you will soon." Finished Washu.  You're finally starting 
to..(Aeka interrupts)

 

            "What do you mean girlfriend?!  Tenchi-sama is my boyfriend!"

 

            "He is not!" shouted Ryoko.

 

            "On the contrary." Retorted Aeka.  "As you know, Tenchi is of Jurai 
royal bloodline, which makes us destined to be together."

 

            Pixelle thought for a second.  Then spoke.

 

            "Um, if Tenchi is a member of Jurai royal family, and you're a 
member of Jurai royal family, then aren't you two related?"

 

            "She's his great grand-aunt." Answered Ryoko.  "Yosho is her half 
brother.  Tenchi is his grandson."

 

            "Then," said Pixelle, why try to marry him if he's related to you?"

 

            "Where you come from it may seem odd," answered Aeka, "but on Jurai 
it's completely normal.  It also preserves our royal power."

 

            "(Odd is an understatement)."  Thought Pixelle.  "(Disgusting is 
more like it.  Are Juraians so prejudice that they'll marry family before 
anybody
else)?"

 

            As Pixelle was thinking, Ryoko and Aeka were already fighting with 
each other.  Just then, Aeka bursted out yells.  Ryoko had gotten her in an arm 
lock
and was pulling it backwards.  Washu brought out her holotop and typed in a few 
keys.  Ryoko and Aeka were now paralyzed.

 

            "Stop that you two!" exclaimed Washu.  "Can't you go one minute 
without fighting?!"

 

            "Yeah, well she started it!" answered Ryoko.

 

            "You were the one who started all this mess!" shouted Aeka.

 

            "Stop fighting!" exclaimed Tenchi.  "This is important!"

 

            Both of the girls were now silent.

 

            All of a sudden, the phone rang.  Tenchi picked it up.

 

            "Moshi-moshi," he said, "This is the Masaki residence.uh huh, yeah, 
okay."  "Sayonara."(Then he hung up the phone).  "That was my school.  They said
that due to the announcements, school would be closed until further notice."

 

            Both Ryoko and Aeka were so overjoyed at the thought that Tenchi 
would finally be home with them full time, they broke from their paralysis and 
ran to
hug Tenchi, but accidentally trampled on him.  They picked him up and started 
holding him.  Tenchi was trying to break free from their grip, but it was no 
use. 
Pixelle and Washu were now looking at them.

 

            "They really do love him, don't they?" Said Pixelle.  "I think Ryoko 
should get him, but she seems too straightforward."

 

            "You don't know the half of it." Said Washu.  "When she first met 
him, she tried to kill him.  But I guess that explosion did her a lot of good.  
Besides,
Emperor Azusa would never allow Aeka to marry Tenchi.  I just keep quiet about 
it since it isn't my business."

 

            "What about Ryoko?"  Asked Pixelle.  "Don't you want her to be with 
Tenchi?  She is your daughter after all."

 

            "Hai," sighed Washu, "that's true.  But she doesn't even respect me.  
She won't even call me mom.  Just once I would like her to call me mom."

 

            Pixelle looked at Washu and saw a tear forming in her eye.  Then 
Pixelle felt a little depressed.

 

            "(Sigh.  Why am I even caring?  I must be getting soft or something.  
I wish Kojiro-sama were here, he would know what to do. With him gone,
all I have left is Washu. .I may regret this later, since her stupid ego will 
escalate, but I guess I should).

 

            Then she took a deep breath, and hugged Washu.  This surprised 
Washu.

 

            "You better not make fun of me later," said Pixelle, but, during the 
time that I knew you long ago, you were like an okaasan to me, since mine died a 
long
time ago, when I was very young.  So, if you like, I'll refer to you as an 
okaasan I never had.

 

            "Thank you Pixelle." Said Washu.  "Who knows? Maybe Ryoko will call 
me mom someday."

 

            "(That day may be sooner than you think)." Thought Pixelle.

 

 

                                                     (Somewhere in space)

                                                              

                                                              

            Lady Tokimi was scolding Kai for his insubordinance.

 

            "You disobeyed a direct order.  She said.  I do not take 
insubordination lightly.  Because of your actions, Washu will now go into 
hiding.  For that you
must be punished."

 

            She shot a non-elemental energy bolt at him.  The blast sent him 
flying and sending jolts through his body, giving him excruciating pain.  When 
it was over,
she healed him.

 

            "Remember that next time you go on a mission!" said Lady Tokimi.  
"As a result, you must now flush her out, with the jewel.  I don't care how you
accomplish this task, but I want her brought here in one piece.  It also seems 
that you are not competent enough to carry out this task without losing 
patience.  So
Dr. Clay will assist you.  He will give you the technology you need, and he can 
also make up for his past failure."

 

            "But Lady Tokimi," argued Kai, " with all due respect, I can summon 
anything I want when I need assistance.  I don't need help from some scientist."

 

            "Your previous actions prove otherwise." Said Tokimi.  "Besides, 
Clay has the intelligence and the patience that you lack.  Work well with him, 
and you
will be greatly rewarded.  Fail, and you will be severely punished.  Do I make 
myself clear?"

 

            "Hai." Answered Kai.

 

"Good." Said Tokimi.  "Your first task is to make sure that you get that last 
jewel before Kojiro does.  Clay is waiting for you in the next room.  Teleport 
him to
earth with you.  You are now dismissed.  Don't fail me."

 

 

                                                   (Masaki house, dinnertime)

                                                              

                                                              

            Everyone was eating dinner.  Sasami had cooked stir-fry.  

 

            "Tenchi-sama?" asked Aeka.  "Since you won't be attending school for 
a while, I was wondering if you wouldn't mind shopping with me tomorrow.  I will
be paying, so you can get whatever you want.  It would mean a lot to me if you 
agreed."

 

            Ryoko stood up.  "Like hell you will!  I know what you're up to!  
You're planning to seduce Tenchi!"

 

            Aeka turned to her.  "Unlike you, I don't go around showing off my 
body like some gaishu!  Besides, this is to make amends for destroying his room.  
At
least I'm showing appreciation for Tenchi-samas forgiveness."

 

            "What would you know!" exclaimed Ryoko.  I gave him a gift already!"

 

            "Oh?" said Aeka sarcastically.  "You mean the one that was taken by 
Kai because you had an evil heart?  Is that the gift you mean?"

 

            "Don't push it Aeka!" warned Ryoko.

 

            "Fine." Said Aeka.  "As long as you don't stop us from going." Then 
she turned to Tenchi.  "So can you?"

 

            "Sure Aeka." Said Tenchi.  "I'd love to go."

 

            Ryoko was about to speak, but was pulled back down by Pixelle.

 

            "Don't worry," said Pixelle telepathically, "I'll help you out."

 

            "And what do you get out of this?" asked Ryoko.

 

            "I get the satisfaction of taking away what a Juraian wants." 
Finished Pixelle.

 

            "You really don't like Juraians huh."Said Ryoko.

 

            Then Pixelle broke telepathic communication and said to herself,

 

            (Maybe this will make Washu happy and finally get out of that stupid 
child's form)!"

 

 

 

                                                       End of chapter 5

                                                              

                                                              

Well, that's it for chapter 5.  Sorry for those of you who were expecting a 
lemon scene, but this chapter didn't have a good place to put one.  The next 
chapter
will, now that all the characters are set in place, I won't have to do any 
explaining.  Right now, my mind is a little fuzzy in the idea department, so 
suggestions
would be greatly appreciated.  Like always, send comments, suggestions, 
compliments, etc, to rubynall@hotmail.com

 

 

Before I go, I would like to thank Komobito at komobito@communicom.com

 for proofreading my story.  I would also like to thank everybody who sent me 
compliments and suggestions.  This time I won't take so long with the next 
chapter
unless I don't get any feedback, or I get writers block.  Well, Sayonara!^_^
