
Disclaimer- I don't own Tenchi Muyo.  They are the property of AIC and Pioneer.  
The only characters that are mine are Pixelle, Kojiro, and  Kai.  With that 
said,
on with the story. One more thing.  Italic letters mean whispering  and/or 
silent speech.


 

 

                                 Masaki hausuho-rudo rekidaishi

                           (Translation- Masaki household chronicles)

                                   Chapter 4 Pixelles search

                                                               

 

 

 

            "We will now begin to contact Kojiro." Said Washu.  "Pixelle! Begin 
contact!"

 

            "Beginning contact!"  Exclaimed Pixelle. "(Why am I listening to 
this bitch anyway)."

 

            After what seems like minutes of  trying, no contact has been made. 
Pixelle finally gives up.

 

            "No use!" she exclaimed. "He must be out of range!" (*Kicks 
Mihoshi*). "It's all your fault! If it wasn't for you, I would've been home 
now!"

 

            "But it wasn't my fault!" said Mihoshi inbetween sobs.

 

            "You're partially right!" said Pixelle as she kicked Kiyone in the 
shin.

 

            "OWWWW!!!" shouted Kiyone.  "I've had enough of you!  If I can't 
arrest Kojiro, then I'll arrest you, for being an accessory!"

 

            Then Kiyone started chasing Pixelle around the laboratory with her 
GP blaster.  Pixelle flew into the air and started zapping Kiyone and Mihoshi 
with energy
bolts.  Kiyone and Mihoshi ran behind two lab tables (which they turned over) 
and started returning fire.  Lasers and bolts were flying everywhere.  Everyone
ducked for cover as Pixelles bolt shot over their heads.  Washu finally had all 
that she could stand.  She sent three mechanical claws to grab them.  The first 
two
grabbed ! Mihoshi and Kiyone easily, while the third one tried to grab Pixelle, 
but she flew out of its range.  Pixelle just laughed until she was electrocuted 
by the
ceiling.  She fell, and the third claw grabbed her before she could hit the 
ground.

 

            "I hope you two got that out of your system!" exclaimed Washu, and 
then turned to Pixelle, who was surprisingly okay. "And you, stop acting like a 
child!
Would Kojiro let you act that way?!"

 

            Pixelle thought for a second, then answered. "Don't talk to me like 
that! Kojiro-sama has nothing to do with my behavior!"

 

            "Then stop acting hysterical!" shouted Washu.

            Pixelle was about to yell back at her, but then she remembered that 
she needed to get the jewel away from Tenchi, and eventually, Washu.  So she bit 
her
tongue and nodded.

 

            "Okay." Said Washu as the claws let go of them. "Now that that's 
settled, let's get you into some clothes. We would'nt want people gawking at 
you."

 

            "(Especially Dad)." Thought Tenchi in embarrassment.

 

            Washu started typing on her holotop.  In an instant, Pixelle was 
covered with clear clothing.

 

            "This suit will allow you to phase into any type of clothing that 
you want." Said Washu. It's even waterproof, flameproof, electric proof, and 
dirt resistant.
The only problem is that they're hard to make. So don't destroy it!"

 

            Pixelle thought for a while, and a blue lacy dress was phased.

 

            "Nah," said Pixelle,  "not my style."

 

            Then she phased into a red leather outfit.

 

            "Nah, too kinky."

 

            Then she phased into a miniskirt with a red top and spaghetti strap.

 

            "There! Just right!"

 

            "Oh, one more thing."  Washu added. "I don't trust you enough to 
sleep in the lab, so you can sleep outside!"..  "Just kidding! Until I can 
create another
room for you, just sleep on the couch."

 

            "But I don't want to sleep on the couch!" exclaimed Pixelle.

 

"Either that," said Washu, "or sleep in the attic with Ryoko."

 

            "Okay okay!" exclaimed Pixelle quickly. "The couch it is!"

 

            "Anyway," said Washu, "I'll be trying to create an amplifier to 
attach to Pixelle so she can reach even the nether regions of space. So get out! 
People
watching me work is disturbing!"

 

                        Everyone leaves. Just as Tenchi is about to leave, Washu 
calls him.

 

            "What is it?" asks Tenchi. 

 

            "I still need that sample from you." She said.

 

            Tenchi automatically gets nervous.  Washu just laughs.

 

            "I'm just kidding Tenchi. I'll just find some other way to discover 
how your light hawk wings generate. Well, I have a lot of work to do."

 

            Tenchi then leaves, this time, thinking to himself. 

 

            "(Wow, she must really be serious about finding Kojiro. I wonder why 
he's a wanted man anyway. I guess I'll ask Pixelle later)."

 

 

                                                         (Dinnertime)

                                                               

                                                               

            Everyone is eating dinner. Nobuyuki is being told the story of 
Pixelle by Yosho, and Pixelle is staring at her food, poking it with her 
chopstick.

 

            Sasami approached Pixelle. "What's wrong? Don't you like your 
okonomiyaki?"

 

            Pixelle looked at the food. "What's okonomiyaki?"

 

            "It's a batter mixed with meats and vegetables and fried like a 
pancake. Said Sasami happily. It's really good! Try some!"

 

            "(It sounds disgusting)." Thought Pixelle, and then looked at 
Sasami's beaming eyes. "(I don't want to hurt her feelings, so I better try it. 
Besides,
Kojiro-sama always said to try new things)."

 

            So Pixelle tasted it. "(It's not as bad as I thought it was. In 
fact, it's a little good)." "It tastes great!"

 

            Sasami smiled and went back to eating.

 

            Pixelle kept thinking while eating her food. "(Why are they being so 
nice to me?  Don't they know I'm only interested in the jewel? Maybe Washu
really does care about Kojiro-sama."  ".. but that's not going to stop me from 
taking that jewel! It's very important to him. Besides, I don't want Kai
getting it. Who knows what that bastard will do with it? I've made up my mind! 
When they all go to sleep, I am taking that jewel away from Tenchi)."

 

            Then she noticed Nobuyuki staring into her cleavage. She threw him 
over her shoulder and stunned him with the dust off her wings. Tenchi just shook 
his
head in embarrassment.

 

 

                                                          (Midnight)

                                                               

                                                               

            When Pixelle thought everyone had gone to sleep (including Ryoko), 
she quietly walked up the stairs and towards Tenchi's door.

 

            "(I'll let Kojiro-sama deal with Washu, all I need to do is enter 
this room and.)."

 

            The minute Pixelle opened Tenchi's door and tried to go through it, 
she appeared in the middle of the lake. Pixelle quickly flew out of the water, 
soaked
from head to toe. 

 

"Damn Washu and her traps!" shouted an extremely pissed Pixelle. "Only she would 
think of something like that! I'm soaking wet! Now I have to dry my clothes!"

 

            So Pixelle flew out of the water and to the laundry room.  She 
phased her wet clothes back into a one-piece suit, and quickly took it off.  She 
threw it in the
dryer and turned on the machine.  She was now freezing from the cold night air 
as she opened the laundry room door.

 

            "I better find some clothes until mine dries." She said to herself.  

 

            So she flew back to the door.  She tried to open it, but it was 
locked.

 

            "Kuso!" she exclaimed.  "How the hell am I supposed to get in?!  I 
guess I'm going to have to find an open window or something."

 

            Pixelle flew around the house until she saw an open window.  Without 
thinking, she quickly flew into it.  She landed in the room and looked around.  
It
didn't look like Tenchi's room, but it definitely wasn't a girl's room.  She 
looked at the futon and saw Nobuyuki sleeping.

 

            "(Dammit)!" she thought.  "(Out of all rooms that I could've 
entered, I had to end up in his! It's disgusting!  It's not very clean, and what 
the hell
are those by the television)?!".."(Ewwww!  Pornography)!"

 

            As Pixelle was walking through the pile of garbage, she stepped on a 
videotape.  She picked it up and examined it.  It was another pornography tape.  
It
portrayed an Asian woman covered in whipped cream, having it licked off by two 
other women.  Pixelle quickly dropped it and stepped on it, smashing it to 
pieces. 

 

            "(Yuck)!" she thought.  "(He's nothing but a sick pervert!  I better 
get out of here before I decide to destroy this place)!"

 

            So she quickly walked out the door.  Nobuyuki, who had been awake as 
soon as she entered his room, was watching her the whole time, getting quite
excited by her nude appearance, not to mention that her nipples were stiff from 
the cold.   

 

            "Wow! What a sight!"  Nobuyuki whispered.  "I just wished she didn't 
destroy my tape.  Oh well.  I have plenty of videotapes anyway.  Hmmm,
maybe if I follow her for a while, I'll get to see more."

 

            "So Nobuyuki got out of bed, took his video camera, and followed 
Pixelle.  He did such a good job at keeping himself hidden from view, that you 
could've
sworn that he was a ninja or something.  

 

            As Pixelle was walking in the living room, something was bothering 
her. 

 

            "(I could've sworn that somebody was following me)." She thought.  
"(It's either my imagination, or Washu has a camera hidden somewhere)."

 

            So she pretended to not suspect anything, and kept walking.  She 
looked around, but saw nothing.  

 

            "(If Washu is really watching me)," she thought, "(then I'd better 
be careful.  But I have to lose that camera first.  The only way I can think of 
is
shutting it down.  But first, I better get a towel.  I'm leaving a trail of 
water everywhere)."

 

            So she headed to the bathroom.  She went in and started drying 
herself off.  Then she walked back to the laundry room, walking slowly enough 
for the
camera (Nobuyuki, unknown to her) to keep up.  When she went inside the laundry 
room, she made herself invisible, then hid on top of the ceiling. Nobuyuki
walked in, confused as to where she went.  Pixelle seen him and got angry.

 

            "(That pervert)!" she exclaimed.  "(It was him this whole time, not 
Washu!  I guess I'm going to have to teach him a lesson then)!"

 

            So she landed on the ground and slammed the door.  Nobuyuki jumped, 
and without warning, she tackled him.  Unaware of what is was that tackled him,
he struggled, but soon stopped as he felt a pair of cold breasts against his 
back.  Pixelle used this opportunity to paralyze him.  Once he could no longer 
move, she
threw him against the washing machine.  She now made herself visible and started 
interrogating him.

 

            "Why are you following me!" she shouted. 

 

            "Uh, um, I, uh," stammered Nobuyuki, "I, uh, was just, uh, curious 
as to, um, where you were going. Yeah, that's it!"

 

            "Don't give me that shit!" exclaimed Pixelle.  "I know exactly what 
you were doing! You were trying to film me naked on that stupid video camera of
yours!"

 

            Pixelle was about to shoot him with an energy blast, but came up 
with an idea.  

 

            "I know," she continued, "I'll make you a deal.  You help me get 
into Tenchi's room, and I'll spare your life, plus I'll give you better shots of 
me."

 

            Nobuyuki, who was scared at first, was now relieved.  "Oh sure." He 
said agreeably.  "But why would you want to sneak into.ALRIGHT!!! You're going
to make a man out of Tenchi!  Can I watch?"

 

            Pixelle looked at him in a confused manner.   "(What the hell is he 
thinking?!  Oh well, I guess I'll just lead him on so he'll be more 
cooperative)."  
"Y-yeah, that's it.  Now let's go!"

 

            So Pixelle took her suit out of the laundry and, for show, put it on 
slowly.  Nobuyuki was still recording.  She let it slide up her body, slightly 
squeezing her
breasts in the process.  Then she zipped up the back and then she phased into 
the same clothes that she had on at dinner.  Then they left the laundry room.

 

 

                                                       (By Tenchi's door)

                                                               

                                                               

            When they reached Tenchi's bedroom door, Nobuyuki looked at it.

 

            "Hmm," he whispered, "it seems that trap Washu set is still here."

 

            "No shit!" she answered. "Why do think I need your help in the first 
place?!"

 

            "Take it easy." He said.  "I have an idea.  Tenchi's door only opens 
when someone knocks on it and he opens it.  This keeps Ryoko and Aeka out
of his room.  Why he would want to do a thing like that is beyond my knowledge.  
But anyways, just climb into his window, since you can fly.  I'll knock
and divert him so he doesn't hear you come in.  But we have to act fast!  If the 
other girls know about this! , our goose is cooked!"

 

            "Yeah yeah!" Pixelle said impatienly,"you just give the signal and 
I'll know what to do! Now, let's hurry!"

 

            Pixelle flew outside and waited by the window.  Nobuyuki knocked on 
the door.  Tenchi reluctantly got up and opened the door.  To his surprise, it 
was
Nobuyuki.

 

            "Otousan!" said Tenchi in a surprised manner.  "What are you doing 
up?"

 

            "Well," said Nobuyuki, "I have to store this package that I received 
from work in your room.  I don't have a safe place in my room to store it."

 

            Too tired to think straight, Tenchi agreed.  Nobuyuki placed the 
package on his desk, and opened the window.  Then he left.  Tenchi was too tired 
to
fathom the reason of his otousan opening the window, so he just shrugged the 
thought off and went back to sleep.

 

 

            Pixelle saw her chance and quietly flew through the window.  She 
looked around for the jewel, but couldn't find it.  She saw a picture of Achika 
and Tenchi
as a little boy.  She picked it up and examined it.  

 

            "(So this must be the boys okaasan)." She said to herself.  "(He 
looks really happy.  Maybe I was a little too hard on him.  I remember losing a
mother once.  I cried for a long time)."

 

            As Pixelle was recollecting her past, tears were forming in her 
eyes.  She noticed it, and then shook it off.  She placed the picture on the 
desk face down,
then proceeded to Tenchi's bed.  She looked at him, seeing how peaceful he 
slept.  Then she saw the glow of the jewel.  Tenchi had kept it under his 
pillow.  She
took the jewel from under his pillow and smiled.

 

            "(Gomen nasai to have to do this to you)," she said, "(but Kojiro-
sama means a lot to me.  He was there when nobody else was.  Well, maybe
Washu was a little nice, but then she had to disappear like that. But why am I 
wasting my time thinking about that?  You shouldn't take this personally,
but what other choice do I have?  If Kojiro-sama doesn't get the jewels, then 
Kai will)."

 

            Pixelle became invisible and was about to fly out the window, but 
saw Ryoko flying towards it.  Pixelle quickly ran beside the bedroom door. 
Nobuyuki was
still watching with the door partially open.

 

            "What's going on?" he whispered.

            "Ryoko's coming." She answered.

 

Ryoko flew in the window and next to Tenchi.  Pixelle was annoyed by her 
presence, but Nobuyuki was excited.  Ryoko then sat on the foot of his bed, and 
stared
at him.

 

            "You look so sweet when you're sleeping." She said.  "I wish I could 
get you to know how I feel.  I know I'm a bit too forward at times, but that's 
only
because I love you.  But it seems that every advance that I make only pushes you 
farther away.  I wish I knew what to do."  

 

            Ryoko then gently planted a kiss on Tenchi's cheek.  

 

            "I know you will only be mad at me if I sleep in your bed, so I'll 
only sleep next to you."

 

            Ryoko picked up a chair, put it next to Tenchi's bed, sat on it, and 
went to sleep, holding his hand.

 

            "(Kuso)!" exclaimed Pixelle.  "(How the hell am I supposed to get 
out now?  I guess I'll have to sneak out the window, and hope she doesn't wake
up)."

 

            "(Kuso)!" exclaimed Nobuyuki.  "(Now Tenchi won't become a man!  But 
that was the most beautiful speech I've ever heard)!"  

 

            Pixelle flew to the window, but Ryoko grabbed her by the wings.

 

            "I may not be able to see you," Ryoko said, "but I sensed you the 
whole time.  Give back the jewel!" 

 

            "Never!" exclaimed Pixelle as she threw Ryoko at the desk.  Nobuyuki 
opened the door.  At the same time, Pixelle flew at the door, forgetting about 
the
trap.  Nobuyuki, also forgetting about the trap, walked in.  They were both 
instantly transported into the lake.

 

                                                           (Lake)

                                                               

                                                               

            Pixelle tried to fly away, but her wing was sprained.  So she was 
hopelessly trying to stay afloat.

 

            "Baka!" she yelled at Nobuyuki.  "Now I can't get ou."

 

            Pixelle started sinking under the lake like a rock.  Nobuyuki took a 
deep breath, then dived in after her.  He pulled her out from under the water 
and brought
her to the surface.  He pumped air into her and gave her CPR.  He repeated this 
until she coughed up water and woke up.  Pixelle looked around and saw
Nobuyuki, Ryoko, and Tenchi standing above her.  

 

            "Be glad he saved your life!" exclaimed Ryoko. "Cause you know I 
sure as hell wouldn't!" 

 

            Pixelle looked at Nobuyuki.  "Why?" she asked.  

 

            Nobuyuki blushed. "Well, because it's the right thing to do.  I 
couldn't have let you drowned.  Besides, who would want a cute woman like you to 
die?"

 

            "I wouldn't mind." Said a voice.

 

            The four turned to their side and saw a man dressed in black robes.  
He had brown skin and flaming red hair.  He smiled at the group in an evil way.

 

            "Kai!" shouted Pixelle.  "What the hell are you doing here!?  You 
don't belong in the same solar system as other people!"

 

            Kai just chuckled a little.  "That's really hurts coming from a 
freak show like you.  But that's not the reason I came to this backwater planet.  
Kojiro is
taking too long collecting the jewels.  So I gave the Galaxy Police some 
information on his whereabouts, and now he can't save you."

 

            "So you must be the one that we saw in the projection." Said Tenchi.  

 

            "So you've heard of me." Said Kai.  "How very rude of me.  I haven't 
even introduced myself.  Kai's the name, summonings my game.  Now, on to
business.  Give me the jewel, or I will kill you all."

 

            "Go to hell!" shouted Pixelle.  

 

            "Never been there." Said Kai.  "But let me show you some associates 
who have."

 

            Kai raised his arms and summoned four imps.  Pixelle recognized them 
and grew afraid.  She stood up and hid behind Nobuyuki.

 

            "I believe you are familiar with imps number 1 through 4." He 
continued.  "Let me show you something else."

 

            Kai shot a beam at the imps, and they grew to a height of 10 feet.  

 

            "Hey Pixie!" Said Imp1.  "How's bout we start where we left off so 
many centuries ago!"

 

            "Yeah," said Imp2, "but this time no bloke to kill us!"

 

            "This is gonna be fun!" said Imp3.

 

            "Time for revenge!!" shouted Imp4.

 

            They charged at Pixelle, only to be shot at by Ryoko.

 

            "Get Pixelle out of here!" exclaimed Ryoko.  

 

            Nobuyuki picked up Pixelle and ran out, but was stopped by Kai. 

 

            "Now now," he said, "let the imps have their fun."

 

            Ryoko and Tenchi, both armed with energy swords, sliced the imps in 
half.  Kai clapped mildly.

 

            "Well done!" he said.  "I would expect no less from a space pirate, 
but can you handle this monster?"

 

            Kai raised his hands up, and the same water demon that Ryoko once 
summoned appeared.  It then split into two.  Ryoko sliced through them, but it 
was no
use.  Kai laughed, but his laughter was cut short by a large blast that 
evaporated the monsters.

 

            Everyone looked in that direction.  It was Washu with a rail cannon.  

 

            "So we meet again Kai." Said Washu.  "I was hoping you were dead!  
Tell me, why is Kojiro a criminal?!"

"You mean why is he a wanted man?" said Kai.  The answer is simple.  I needed 
assistance in capturing him, so, disguised as him, I made it look like an 
attempt to
kill emperor Azusa.  The punishment is death if they ever catch him, so once 
he's dead, I would take the jewels from the GP.  However, I didn't count on them
being this incompetent.  So it seems that I have to do it myself."

 

            "Why would Lady Tokimi create a bastard like you?!" exclaimed Washu.  

 

            "That one is a little complicated." Answered Kai.  "You see, Kojiro 
is of a race that is nearly extinct.  The reason for this is because he has the 
power to kill
a god.  At least not yet.  Once he gets all of the jewels, he will be 
unstoppable.  My mission is to get all of the jewels to kill him so that can't 
happen."

 

            "But long ago you said only Lady Tokimi could activate the jewels 
power." Said Washu.

 

            "Not entirely true." Answered Kai.  "Any god or goddess can activate 
the jewels power.  The only problem is that there are also evil gods who wish to
destroy their competitors.  I am assuming he will go to one of them."

 

            "Liar!!" shouted Washu.  "Kojiro would never be that evil!" 

 

            "What reason would I have to lie?" asked Kai.  I serve the high and 
mighty Lady Tokimi.  He serves no one. Also keep in mind that he was searching 
for
the jewels long before he met you. But then again, you did fall for him.  Lady 
Tokimi is right.  Love is such a trivial thing.  It should be discarded and 
replaced with
duty."

 

            "Shut up!!" shouted Pixelle.  "I've been with Kojiro-sama longer 
than she has!  He has kept no secrets from me!  That's how I know you're a 
liar!"

 

            Kai just grinned.  "Ah, how noble.  Let us test your sincerity with 
a test.  As you know, I have the power to summon up anything I want, and control 
people
with bad hearts.  I'll show you both!"

 

            Kai raised his hands and two large dragons appeared.  Ryoko tried to 
shoot Kai, but nothing came out.

 

            "N-nani?!" exclaimed Ryoko.  "What the hell is going on here?!"

 

Kai grinned again.  "Ah, so it seems that your heart isn't as good as I thought 
it was.  That means I can control you.  Splendid!"

 

            Kai's eyes glowed.  Ryoko flew next to him, her eyes glowing.  Aeka, 
Sasami, Ryo-ohki, Yosho, Mihoshi, and Kiyone ran into the scene.  

 

            "Wonderful!" said Kai.  "More people to play with!  Ryoko!  Kill the 
Juraian princesses!"

 

            "How did he know about us?" asked Aeka.

 

            "He's reading Ryoko's mind." Answered Yosho.  "I suggest you two 
run.  I'll fight this battle."

 

            They ran and hid behind the bushes.  Yosho was fighting Ryoko, 
trying not to kill her.  Mihoshi and Kiyone were being chased by the two 
dragons.

 

            "Ryoko!!" shouted Tenchi. 

 

            Just then, a bright red glow surrounded Tenchi's body.  The light 
hawk sword appeared, and now Tenchi was in his new garments.  Pixelle was very
surprised.  Kai just smirked.

 

            "Is that power real?" he asked.  "I've seen many Jurians who could 
do that, but can you really be of royal bloodline?  Let's find out!  Ryoko!  
Kill him!"

 

            Ryoko did as she was told and tried to kill Tenchi.  

 

            "Ryoko!" shouted Tenchi.  "Listen to me!  I know your heart is good!  
Remember Zero?  Come on Ryoko! Remember!"

 

            Ryoko fell to the ground and screamed in pain.  Then she passed out.  
This surprised Kai.

 

            "It seems her heart really wasn't bad." He said.  "Impossible!  I 
was able to control her!"

 

            "It's like the old saying goes Kai." Said Washu.  "Love conquers 
all."

 

            "No matter!" exclaimed Kai.  "I still won't lose! Pixelle!  I have a 
present for you!"

 

            Kai shot an energy beam at Pixelle, but Nobuyuki got in front of it, 
paralyzing and nearly killing him.

 

            "I just don't get you people!" shouted Kai.  "Love is hopeless!  Why 
do you defy me?!"

 

            Tenchi charged at Kai.  Kai quickly picked up Ryoko.  Tenchi stopped 
where he was.

 

            "Give me the jewel or she dies!" exclaimed Kai.  "Lady Tokimi is 
losing patience!"

 

            Tenchi frowned.  Pixelle threw the jewel at Kai.  He caught it. 

 

            "Wise decision!" said Kai as he threw Ryoko at Tenchi.  "Why Pixelle 
did this is beyond my knowledge.  I am a man of my word.  I will go for now.  
But
be warned.  I will kill Kojiro once I find something that can lure him to me.  I 
think the third jewel will suffice, once I find it that is.  Until then, 
farewell!"

 

            Kai disappeared, but leaving the two dragons behind.  One of them 
picked up Ryoko and tried to eat her.  Tenchi quickly chopped off its head.  
Caught off
guard, Tenchi was swallowed by the other one.  Its body glowed, and was sliced 
vertically in half.  He ran up to Ryoko and picked her up.  She woke up.

 

            "Tenchi?"  She asked.  "What's going on?"

 

            "It's okay Ryoko." Said Tenchi.  "Its all over.  I'm just glad that 
you're alright."

 

            "Y-you do?"

 

            "Hai."

 

            Ryoko nearly burst into tears when she embraced Tenchi.  She was so 
happy to know that he cared about her so much.

 

            "Take it easy." Said Tenchi.  "This isn't the first time I saved 
you."

 

            "I know." Said Ryoko.  "But somehow it just feels different."

 

            "Get your filthy hands off him!" shouted Aeka.  "He's not yours!"

 

            "Back off Aeka!" exclaimed Ryoko. "I'm having a moment here!"

 

"You will not!" shouted Aeka as she pushed Ryoko away.

 

"I will too!" shouted Ryoko, pushing back.

 

            The two went about their normal fighting as they usually do, 
shouting back and forth, pulling Tenchi towards them.

 

 

                                                    (Somewhere out in space)

                                                               

                                                               

            Kai appeared before Lady Tokimi.

 

            "I have returned with the jewel." He said.  "Soon your worries will 
be over."  All we need to do is find the third jewel, then I can face Kojiro."

 

            "The jewel is already found." Said Tokimi.  "It resides at the 
Masaki residence."

 

            Kai was surprised.  "But how?"  He asked.  "The jewel that I was 
carrying didn't go off."

 

            "The reason for that is because Washu has it." She answered.  "But 
no need to get it right away.  Kojiro will eventually return to her, whether he 
remembers
her or not.  That is when you will return.  The battle is not yet ready to 
begin.  We must wait for the advantage.  Until then, we bide our time.  We will 
be safe from
his threat soon enough."

 

            Kai just nodded in agreement. "(I will kill him soon enough.  Lady 
Tokimi knows best.  Until then, I need to train for that day)."

 

 

                                                        End of chapter 4

                                                               

                                                               

                                                               

Whew!  I finally finished it.  I think it came out pretty good.  Once again, 
send your comments compliments, and suggestions to rubynall@hotmail.com

I will begin chapter 5 after a little feedback.  I would like to thank "Komoito" 
for pre-reading and checking my errors.  I would also like to thank everyone 
else for
their compliments and suggestions.  You know who you are.^_^

 

Well, until chapter 5, Sayonara!
