Disclaimer: Pioneer & AIC own these characters, not I.
Even if you *do* sue me, you wouldn't get any money.
I'm flat broke. Even the cockroaches is pissing on me.

Notes: This fic contains graphical nudity(well, sorta')
and coarse language(ahem). Readers discretion is advised.

This was an idea that popped into my head one day at
school. (See what the school does to kids nowadays?)
Yes, it's a lemon (spam-lemon) and no, Sasami does not,
I repeat does NOT engage in sexual activity of any kind.
      //Markus "Scarre" Goding

* (section change.)

Mihoshi Interrupted
Or
What goes on in *private* in the Masaki household

*

Mihoshi yawned as she reached for her cup of tea while looking at the big
screen TV. She was watching one of the ordinary series while Sasami was
clearing the table after breakfast. She wasn't really paying any
attention to the happenings on the screen, her mind occupied with thoughts
about an entirely different matter.

"What should I do to make Tenchi see me as a woman, just not some friend 
that
he feels like he has to be nice to?" she thought. "It's not like I haven't
tried, but with Ayeka and Ryoko running around and competing for his
attention every of his wake hours, it's hard for him to notice me, when I'm
not doing a mistake anyway. It's just isn't my way to force myself upon
him, like those two does."

As Mihoshi sat deep in thought, she wasn't really concentrating on what she
was doing. The cup she was bringing up to take a sip of was forgotten as
the rest of the present world, her lips not even parted, when suddenly she
was ripped from her pondering when she felt a burning sensation on her
chest. She had poured the tea onto herself.

"Ouch! Oh no!" she exclaimed. "I'm so clumsy! What should I do?" she
started flailing around with her arms.

"You should go change your clothes, that's what you should do." Sasami said 
as
she came in from the kitchen when she heard Mihoshis screams. "You could 
catch
a cold if you keep your wet clothes on."

"Yes, I'll go and change now." Mihoshi said as she stood up and knocked the
teacup over, emptying the last of what was in it. "Oh no!" she exclaimed
yet again.

"Don't worry, I'll take care of that, just you go change." Sasami said and
started to wipe up the spilt tea, while sighing to herself. Mihoshi was her
usual, clumsy self, she thought. But if she wasn't, she wouldn't be Mihoshi.

While Mihoshi walked back to her room to change clothes, she couldn't help
but think about Tenchi again. He always seemed to pop into her mind, and
more so recently. He was so kind, and gentle, and strong, and never yelling
at her because she was clumsy or because of her mistakes. He was just the
kind of man she wanted. If she could just get him to...

"Hey! Wait a minute!" she said aloud to herself. "If I ask him out on a
date. Yeah, that's it! We will go to the movies and se something romantic,
and afterwards we will go to a ice-cream bar and he will tell me that he
loves me and it will be so romantic!" She almost cried out with joy before
she caught herself.

She slumped as she realized the impossibility in that. Of course she would
never dare to ask him, not with Ryoko and Ayeka watching over him twenty-
four seven.

"Whom am I kidding?" she said with a very small and shaky voice. "He would
never go out on a date with someone as clumsy and dumb as I."

She could feel the burning of tears behind her eyelids as she opened the
door to her room. She stepped in and shut the door. She sagged with her
back against it and shut her eyes as her tears began to flow.

She cried.
She cried because she loved Tenchi, and he would never, ever love her. Not
the way she wanted.
She cried because she was stupid and clumsy and couldn't do a thing right.
She cried because she couldn't make herself confess her feelings for him in
front of the others.
She cried because Tenchi loved her anyway, just the way she was.
She cried and she cried and she cried.

After crying for a long time, she couldn't tell exactly how long, she ran 
out of
tears. The sadness left her with only a cold, empty feeling remaining inside 
of
her.

She half-heartedly got up from the floor and began changing her wet clothes.
They were cold and sticky, and they rubbed mercilessly at her sensitive 
skin. It
could have been enjoyable if she hadn't been so sad. She wriggled out of the 
wet
shirt and bra that clung to her skin as if it was unwilling to let go. She 
threw
them into the washing basket.

When she was about to get new clothes from the wardrobe, she caught a 
glimpse of
herself in the mirror. She stepped closer and took a good look at herself in 
the
mirror.

"Well, I'm at least as good looking as Ayeka or Ryoko." She thought 
gloomily.
She ran her fingers over her chest and the large, soft mounds of tanned 
flesh
that was her breasts. They were cold, so she held them in an attempt to warm
them.

The tingling sensation that she had started to feel deep inside of her 
recently
grew stronger. It seemed to grow stronger when she thought of Tenchi too. Or 
when
he looked at her, or touched her, or gave her that sweet smile of his. So 
warm
and caring.

"If only Tenchi would be here with me now." She sighed as she started to 
caress
her pink nipples. They where quite large, almost an inch in diameter, with 
small
nubs in the middle, perfect for sucking.

She relished in the idea of Tenchi licking and sucking at her breasts, and 
it
sent electric shocks from her nipples, down her spine to a place between her
legs as she stroked with heightened intensity at her nipples.

She began moaning, and a hand traveled downwards, loosening the belt and
unbuttoning her pants as it went. Down it reached, stroking through her 
panties.
She let out a small gasp as her fingers passed over her most sensitive 
place.

* (Meanwhile, in the kitchen.)

Sasami was making lunch in the kitchen when Tenchi suddenly poked his head 
in
through the open door.

"Hey, Sasami, what are you cooking? It smells good." He said as he inhaled
deeply, and then let it out with a content sigh. Sasami smiled as she turned 
to
him. "That's a surprise! Now, unless you are willing to help me, get out of 
the
kitchen!" She said as she turned back to the stove.

"Actually I was looking for Mihoshi. I haven't seen her since breakfast, and 
I
was starting to worry that something bad had happened. Do you have any idea
where she might be?"

Sasami picked up a carrot and started to slice it down into something that 
was
brewing on the stove. "I don't know. I haven't seen her either. You might 
want
to check her room. She spilt tea on her shirt, and went to change. She might
still be there." Sasami said. "She seemed a little down when she left, so 
see if
you can cheer her up, will you?"

"Of course. Thanks Sasami." Tenchi said as he left and started to walk up 
the
stairs. He hoped that she wasn't too depressed. He always felt guilty when 
she
cried, and he usually made his best to comfort her when she was sad. Not 
that it
happened very often, with Mihoshi being so optimistic and carefree all the 
time.

He smiled as he thought about the lightheaded, blond ditz, that had brought 
so
much chaos into his life, but she had also brought him an equal amount of
smiles. And she wasn't fighting the other girls over him. On the contrary, 
she
was usually trying to stop the two others from fighting.

When he reached her door, he could hear small moans emitting from the room. 
"Oh
no! She really is crying." He thought, mistaking the almost inaudible sounds
reaching him from behind the door for something else than what they where.
Sounds of a young woman pleasuring herself.

He knocked on the door lightly as he opened it. "Mihoshi." He said. "Are 
you..."
What he then saw made him stop dead in his tracks, sweat braking out on his
brow, blood spurting out of his nose. The blond GP officer lay on the floor,
legs spread towards the door, a hand on her bare chest, kneading one of her
large, tanned breasts.

The other hand was in her white cotton panties, now damp with her juices,
working away at her center of pleasure. Suddenly she realized that he stood
there. She looked up at him with lust in her eyes.

Not knowing what to do, Tenchi broke the eye contact, bowed deeply, let out 
a
small "Gomenasai." and rushed out, closing the door after him. He slumped
against the wall in the hallway and wiped his nose free from blood.

He forced his breathing to be calm, and willed his heart to stop racing. He 
had
done something very wrong. He knew that. He had done something unforgivable. 
He
wished the ground would open up and swallow him, but he knew it wouldn't. 
Not
sure what to do next, Tenchi decided to go to his room to think.

At the same moment Tenchi closed the door to his room Mihoshi opened her 
door.
She was dressed in shorts and a tank top. "Tenchi?" Mihoshi said in futile 
hope
that he would still be standing in the hallway. "Tenchi." She sighed as she
sagged against the door-post, a miserable expression on her face.

She knew that this would come between them, unless she did something quick. 
But
she had no idea as what to do. One thing she did know was that she wouldn't 
stop
trying, ever. With a determined manner and a steady gaze, she walked down 
the
stairs.

*

So, what did you think? Not bad for a first, eh? :-)
I have another part ready, feturing Ayeka, but I'm not to happy with the 
result.
If you would like me to finish it, mail me. I'm not to motivated right now. 
:-P
Comments, flames and fan-mail(sure) goes to: scarre44@hotmail.com
If someone want to MST this piece, please mail me before you post it.
I woldn't want to miss that for the world. =)

"The problem with keeping an open mind is, that all my ideas tend to fall 
out!"
-Unknown

