Disclaimer: I Do Not Own Tenchi Muyo Or Halloween. So I'm Not Making Any
Money From This.

Note: I'm going solo right now, I would suggest you look at my other works
under my other pen names. Just in case you were wondering I have so many
damn names because with any name that isn't F.T.W. is a work that I did with
one of my friends. When we do a joint fic I get the emails and they choose
the names and I always say it's me instead of saying F.T.W. and Fat Toby or
F.T.W. and Atticus. Feel free to email me with comments, questions, death
threats, whatever. Happy V-Day. Oh and by the way "Mr. Sinister" is a bitch.
Just thought I'd share with y'all. For other pen names please email. I
didn't feel like taking the extra time to go back to find all my old names,
also if any is interested I have works not posted on TMFFA, e-mailed on
request.

Mihoshi's Household Adventures

A year. An entire year had passed since the event. Since then things changed
for the worst. Mihoshi lost her happy-go-lucky attitude. Every night she'd
cry herself to sleep and sulk for most of the day. Sasami too was feeling
the change of atmosphere. She became less interested in doing the things she
used to love like cooking. Everyone was pretty much depressed with the
exception of Ryoko who had a bullenschweine (anti-cop) attitude. Normally
with any death the mourners would usually move on with there own lives. But
this situation was different. Nobody died so there nothing to move on from.
Since her self-inflicted wound Kiyone had spent the rest of the year in
Washu's patented healing tank (See Tenchi Universe). While she always showed
sings of a slow recovery she never opened her eyes or reacted to anyone's
voice. She practically was the living-dead. Every night Mihoshi would sit
next to the tank and tell Kiyone about her day and how it could've been
different if she was with her. Early one morning Washu was awoken by a small
stirring about in he lab.

Kiyone: "....where.....where am I? No.....I'm in the lab....WASHU! WASHU CAN
YOU HEAR ME!?"

Slowly arising from her bed she walked groggily to the tank. Without a word
to Kiyone she checked the data on the monitoring system and turned off the
switches.

Kiyone: "Washu?"

Washu: "Kiyone."

Kiyone: "What am I doing here?"

Washu: "We brought you here when you shot yourself. You're very lucky we
came when we did. A bit later and you'd of died little lady."

Kiyone was in a state of disbelief.

Kiyone: "That was the idea Washu."

Washu: ".....I know....pretty foolish of you Kiyone. I always kinda expected
more from you than that. Sleep now, we'll talk in the morning."

Kiyone: "Uh....ok."

The next morning Kiyone woke to see Washu, Sasami, Tenchi and Mihoshi.
Everyone else was still asleep. The guards on the tank were put away so she
could move about, but she dare not do anything except sit up.

Sasami: "Kiyone are you OK?"

Kiyone: "......yes....no......I don't know...."

Tenchi: "Well you're lucky to be alive Kiyone."

Kiyone: "Yeah I know."

Sasami: "You had us all really worried! Why would you do that Kiyone!?"

Kiyone: "Sasami....you're too young to understand."

Sasami moved forward quickly and latched onto Kiyone crying into her.

Sasami: "Don't leave us again Kiyone. Please don't leave again."

After a moment Tenchi took hold of Sasami's shoulders and led her upstairs.
He knew that Mihoshi and Washu needed a moment alone with the newly revived
detective. When they were gone Kiyone stood up, stumbling a little bit.
Washu took a seat on her hover pillow so she could watch everything unfold.
Without a word Mihoshi slapped Kiyone as hard as she could across the face.
The green haired detective quickly put her hand to her face as the red hand
print began to form. Before she could say anything Mihoshi practically
absorbed her. However Kiyone quickly shoved her back and narrowed her eyes
into a cold stare.

Kiyone: "Don't touch me."

Mihoshi: "I..."

Kiyone: "No! I don't even want to hear your voice Mihoshi. Just leave me
alone....forever."
Mihoshi was at a loss for words. She couldn't understand how Kiyone could
suddenly hate her so much as to never want to see or hear her again. Not
knowing an alternative she sat down and started to cry. Kiyone just shut her
eyes and turned her head away from the tanned woman. Washu decided now would
be a good time to play match maker.

Washu: "Kiyone...why? Can't you see that Mihoshi still cares about you? She
still loves you Kiyone. She was here everyday. Everyday for an entire year
at your side...when you finally wake up you dismiss her as easily as
rubbish. Have you no heart or soul?"

Kiyone: "I did once Washu. You don't understand."

Washu: "But I do Kiyone. I too have lost everything because of a love that
couldn't be. What you did is not the answer. Kiyone....she still loves
you...I know it's hard to accept but it's true."

Kiyone: "It doesn't matter. She betrayed me. Not only that but with Ryoko
and Ayeka. We're supposed to be arresting Ryoko not fucking her!!"

Mihoshi: "Ki-yone I'm sorry but I couldn't help it."

Still crying, Mihoshi's words were spaced and hard to understand but she
still got her point across.

Mihoshi: "I don't love them like I love you Kiyone. You hardly ever touch me
and when you do it's a hug or kiss but never...."

Kiyone: "Because we're in a house with 3 other women, a boy and a child! If
we still had our apartment it'd be different."

Washu: "Sounds like you two have some things to work out with each
other....but I think I can help you two out. Just give me a second."

With that Washu brought up her holo-computer and began to type away.
Suddenly a door appeared in front of the girls.

Washu: "It's your choice."

Kiyone: "What is it?"

Washu: "Well I think I'm being extremely kind by doing this for you but I
hate to see someone go through what I did. It's a door that leads to a place
much like the lab. A place separate from everything else. Like a big, big
apartment. If you'd like, it's yours."

Kiyone stared at the door in disbelief. A whole world just for her and
Mihoshi. Could she forgive Mihoshi just that easily?

Mihoshi: "Kiyone?"

Kiyone: ".....Thank you Washu.....let's go Mihoshi."

Hand in hand they entered the room to find not an entire world but rather
just a large bedroom. It wasn't even a every fabulous bedroom, instead it
was more like the bedroom in there apartment. Every last detail of there old
room was there, or at least what it would look like if it were clean without
the stains Mihoshi's accidents caused, absolutely everything down to the
plush cabbit doll on Kiyone's night stand.

Kiyone led Mihoshi to sit on the edge of there bed. Mihoshi quickly tried to
move in for a kiss but was stopped by Kiyone's hands on he shoulders.

Kiyone: "No Mihoshi....we need to talk first. I....I don't feel right about
this."

Mihoshi: "Kiyone please understand....I do love you but I have needs like
anyone else and well...you don't always fulfil those needs."

Kiyone looked at the ground as if her eyes were frozen. She suddenly
realized that it was her fault. Mihoshi didn't betray her, she drove Mihoshi
away. Wait a second, what was she thinking. That's no excuse.

Kiyone: "Did you ever tell me this? You never brought it up Mihoshi so how
could I've known? You don't always communicate easily. Sure you talk a lot
but it's never real communication."

Mihoshi: "I'm sorry Kiyone. It'll never happen again. I promise."

Kiyone: "Don't worry about it. I love you."

Mihoshi: "I-"

Before Mihoshi could finish Kiyone locked her lips down on hers. Before
Mihoshi could really assess the situation Kiyone's tongue was inside her
lovers mouth in an exotic dance. Her hands wondered aimlessly over the
tanned women's outlines. As her hands reached the breast Mihoshi let out a
long moan into her partners mouth. They parted only for a moment as Kiyone
pulled of the blonde's pink tank top. She let it fall to the floor beside
them as she pushed Mihoshi onto her back and began to suck on the beauties
round treats. Mihoshi began to moan louder and louder every time Kiyone's
tongue ran over the erected nipples. Kiyone was having more than her fair
share fun in this, she thoroughly enjoyed teasing Mihoshi like this. Time
and again she would flick her tongue over the nipple, sometimes she would
just trace the outer rim and finish off by a hard suck or two. This was
something new to Mihoshi altogether. When ever she had sex with Ryoko or
Ayeka she never reacted like this before. Her back arched to the point that
she thought it would break if she went any further. But this just wasn't
enough for her. She felt an amazing heat between her legs as they were
making love. Somehow, in some way she was able to remove her khaki pants and
red lace panties. Kiyone however was quick to catch on to what was
happening.
She reached out and took hold of Mihoshi's wrists and forced them over her
head. Kiyone then pulled her head back and looked into her lovers eyes and
moved in to whisper into her pointed ear.

Kiyone: "Is that what you want Mihoshi? Do you want me to go lower?"

Mihoshi's eyes became glassy all at once.

Mihoshi: "Kiyone....let my hands go...please..."

Kiyone smiled devilishly and drew a pair of handcuffs the nightstand and
quickly locked Mihoshi's hands up nice and tight. She didn't want Mihoshi to
be able to touch herself...well that would just defeat the purpose of Kiyone
being a tease.

While her partner was tied down nice and snug Kiyone licked her lips and
began licking and kissing the inside of the bronze goddess's thighs at times
coming dangerously close to the clit but always shying away at the last
second.