Disclaimer: I Do Not Own Tenchi Muyo Or Halloween. So I'm Not Making Any
Money From This.

Note: No Sex. None! Because it's almost Valentines Day I decided to make a
lemon that is clean, however the sequels will be....well ya know. Also
because this is the newest fic I'm doing solo I would suggest you look at my
other works under the pen names. Just in case you were wondering I have so
many damn names because with any name that isn't F.T.W. is a work that I did
with one of my friends. When we do a joint fic I get the emails and they
choose the names and I always say it's me instead of saying F.T.W. and Fat
Toby or F.T.W. and Atticus. Feel free to email me with comments, questions,
death threats, whatever. Happy V-Day. Oh and by the way "Mr. Sinister" is a
bitch. Just thought I'd share with y'all. Also if anyone knows if theres a
site like TMFFA but Oh My Goddess based please let me know.

Mihoshi's Household Adventures

Kiyone: "Mihoshi! Don't touch that!!"

A familiar explosion echoed throughout the Masaki home as Mihoshi managed to
blow up Yagami's left wing clean off. Kiyone just stood in shock and stared
at her destroyed ship.

Mihoshi: "Um....sorry Kiyone."

Mihoshi closed her eyes tightly expecting Kiyone to bite her head off for
being a ditz. Instead Kiyone just shook her head and went inside to sit
down. Mihoshi glanced around not quite knowing what had happened. The summer
sun glared into Mihoshi's eyes causing her to cover them with her arm. She
slowly walked inside trying to be unnoticed and watched Kiyone sitting on
couch in the living room watching TV. She slowly moved in and sat down next
to her partner.

Mihoshi: "Um...Kiyone...I'm really sorry about your ship...."

Kiyone never took her eyes off the TV.

Kiyone: "It's OK Mihoshi. Don't worry about it."

Mihoshi: "Really?"

Kiyone: "Yeah, really. It's no big deal."

Mihoshi: "So you're not going to yell at me like you always do?"

Kiyone: "No."

Mihoshi: "Are you feeling alright?"

Kiyone: "I'm fine Mihoshi...what'dya say we go out and have some fun
tonight. We got some extra money from the part time jobs."

Mihoshi: "You mean it? Can we really?"

Kiyone: "If you want to, sure."

Mihoshi: "Yay!! I'll go get changed!"

Mihoshi charged upstairs as fast as she could to change into her outdoor
clothes. Later that night on the streets of Tokyo, Kiyone and Mihoshi walked
aimlessly looking for something to do. Eventually they found a small kareoke
bar and went through a few rounds. When they finished singing they went out
to an old pub to get a few drinks and talk.

Mihoshi: "Kiyone.....why do you always yell at me?"

Kiyone: "Because you destroy things....lots of things."

Mihoshi: "Do you hate me?"

Kiyone laughed a little and tilted her head back.

Kiyone: "No Mihoshi, I don't hate you at all."

Mihoshi: "Then why do you always say I'm a clutz and a hazzard and that your
life was so much better before you became my partner?"

Kiyone sat still for a moment to think about it. She stared into the bottom
of her glass only to see a reflection of herself.

Kiyone: "It's not because of you Mihoshi. I.....it's just that
I.....l...l.."

Mihoshi: "I understand Kiyone."

Kiyone stood up and approached Mihoshi more closely and brought her into a
tight embrace. Suddenly Mihoshi's vision got hazy and she passed out.

The next she knew she woke up in her bed in the apartment she shared with
Kiyone. She looked around for a moment looking for Kiyone and spotted her in
the kitchen making breakfast. She stood up and walked over to her partner
and grabbed her from behind in a tight squeeze. Kiyone smiled and put her
hand over Mihoshi's.

Mihoshi: "Kiyone?"

Kiyone: "Yes?"

Mihoshi: "What happened? Did I dream last night? Was it real?"

Kiyone: "If you mean going to the bar yes. It really did happen. You passed
out. I had to carry you out and into a cab to get us to the train back
home."

Mihoshi: "Good....I was hoping it was real....if it was a dream I didn't
want to wake up."

Kiyone didn't say a word. She turned to Mihoshi and kissed her deeply. The
blonde detective closed her eyes in concentration in hopes of taking in
every moment. When the kiss was broke Kiyone stepped back and fired a shot
from her gun into her head with one last phrase, "I love you."

With a flash of light Mihoshi sat up covered in sweat. She looked around in
the dark room to see Kiyone laying next to her in the bed. Mihoshi shook her
violently to wake her.

Mihoshi: "Kiyone....Kiyone....please wake up Kiyone."

Kiyone moved a bit in the bed and turned to face Mihoshi. Her eyes fluttered
a little and opened a bit.

Kiyone: "Ugh...Mihoshi...what time is it?"

Mihoshi: "I don't know....I..."

Tears began to form in Mihoshi's eyes and she threw herself on top of the
green haired girl sobbing into her chest. Kiyone put her hand on the back of
Mihoshi's head and stroked her hair in an attempt to calm her down.

Kiyone: "Mihoshi what's wrong?"

Mihoshi: "I...I had a bad dream....a really bad dream...I blew up the yagami
and you didn't care and then we went out on the town and the next morning
you.....oh Kiyone!"

Kiyone: "Well for the most part that did happen. You did blow up my ship, we
did go out last night. You passed out. I had to carry you to the train.
Listen it was all a dream. Try to go back to sleep and we'll talk in the
morning."

Mihoshi: "O....OK Kiyone."

Mihoshi put an arm over Kiyone and fell asleep much like a child afraid of
the storm. The next day Mihoshi woke to find Kiyone in the kitchen making
breakfast. Her eyes started to fill with tears again as the powerful
memories of her dream came back to her. She buried her face in her pillow
and began to cry loudly. She grabbed her partners pillow and covered the
back of head to silence the sound of the gun shot that would soon happen.
Kiyone heard the crying and walked over and started to caress the young
girls back.

Kiyone: "Mihoshi are you OK?"

Mihoshi: "No...Kiyone this is it...this is how it starts...."

Kiyone: "How what starts?"

Mihoshi: "My dream. You were making breakfast and we kissed and then you
shot yourself."

Kiyone: "Mihoshi...I'm not going to shoot myself....I made pancakes for
breakfast."

Mihoshi wouldn't answer. She remained under her pillow crying for almost a
half hour. Kiyone eventually had to pull her out to get her ready for work.
They had to go on patrol in almost 10 minutes but it wouldn't be easy
without a fully working ship. Washu had to make special temporary parts so
it would fly for just the day.

In space Mihoshi was still shaking as a result of her dream. Sitting in the
cockpit Mihoshi couldn't help but to stare at her partner in wonder. What
her dram did come true? What would she do?

Kiyone: "C'mon Mihoshi...at least say something. All you've done is cry
since you woke up."

Mihoshi wiped her eyes and took a deep breath before turning to face Kiyone.

Mihoshi: "I....I know. I'm sorry Kiyone but...it was so real."

Kiyone: "Sometimes dreams are like that but it's nothing to worry about.
I've had dreams that seem real too but I know that they're just dreams...."

Kiyone released the controls and took Mihoshi's hand in her own.

Kiyone: "Sometimes they come true. But so far....only the good ones."

Mihoshi: "Kiyone....I...."

Kiyone: "Don't worry Mihoshi. I understand."

Without another word Mihoshi pulled Kiyone into a deep kiss. Their hands
roamed each others bodies for a few stolen moments before an image of their
Captain suddenly appeared.

Captain: "Detectives Kiyone and Mihoshi. How are....."

Kiyone and Mihoshi quickly broke there embrace, however they weren't quite
fast enough.

Captain: "What's going on here!?"

Kiyone: "Um....you see I...."

Mihoshi: "I fell into Kiyone."

Although it was totally obvious that she was lying the Captain decided to
not see what had happened.

Captain: "Oh. I thought it looked like you two were kissing. Good thing you
weren't though. I'd hate to have to fire two of my detective for breaking
the rules."

Kiyone: "Fire?"

Captain: "Oh course. You know just as well as I do that same sex relations
are strictly forbidden in our position. Wouldn't look good."

Kiyone: "Oh course. Is there anything in particular that you wanted?"

Captain: "Oh yes. You two were supposed to go check out a developing black
hole for the science department but I just got word a moment ago that the
Marshal wants to see you both A.S.A.P."

Mihoshi: "We're on our way!"

During the trip to headquarters many thoughts ran through Kiyone's mind. Is
she getting fired? What would the Marshal want? She had a feeling things
weren't gonna turnout for the best.

Upon arriving at headquarters the duo stepped out to be met with odd looks
from other officers all around. Without a word to anyone the girls went
straight to the Marshals office. He stood with a straight spine with his
back turned to them. The shades were drawn and the lights were dimmed.

Marshal Kurimitsu: "Kiyone....Mihoshi....please....sit."

When the girls were settled the Marshal turned on his heel to face his
granddaughter.

Marshal Kurimitsu: "Mihoshi....I'm rather disappointed in you....and
Kiyone....well I'm shocked at best. The Captain ignored what he saw but I
haven't and will not."

Kiyone hung her head and prepared for the worst.

Marshal Kurimitsu: "You both know the rules we go by. If I overlooked
this....well...I'm just going to make this quick. You're both fired."

Kiyone imediatly sprung up in protest.

Kiyone: "But sir..."

Marshal Kurimitsu: "No. Not a word. Just leave your weapons, badges and
uniforms with the Captain."

Kiyone just slumped over and left without another word. Mihoshi however
wasn't prepared to leave so easily.

Mihoshi: "Marshal...why?"

Marshal Kurimitsu: "You can just call me grandpa now Mihoshi. You know our
rules and regulations prohibit....your activities. Mihoshi why? You've
always been popular with the male officers...why Kiyone? Of all people
Kiyone!"

Mihoshi: "Because I love her!! Grandpa I love Kiyone! Do you think that this
will break us up? Grandpa blood is thicker than water but love is thicker
than blood....goodbye."

Marshal Kurimitsu: "Miho-"

Before he could finish Mihoshi was outside with Kiyone. The green haired
girl was leaning against the wall with tears in her eyes and her arms
crossed. She wiped her eyes and crushed Mihoshi against herself and cried
into her lovers shoulder.

Mihoshi: "It's OK Kiyone. We still have each other. Hey maybe we could be
cops on Earth?"

Kiyone: "Yeah, maybe."

-End Part 1!!-