

 This fanfic is not sutable for immature people. If you are not at an 
mature age please don't read this fanfic. 

Summary: Mihoshi wins tickets on the radio for a romantic dinner after a 
movie. She invite's Tenchi to go and well you can guesse the rest.


Mihoshi was in her room typing her report for her galaxy police job and 
listing to the radio.

"The next person to call our station will win 2 tickets to "Flesh Eatter 
2" and a dinner after the movie with a limo ride. You might want to 
invite someone special to go with you if you know what I mean. Just be 
the 9th caller on our Dinner and Movie Weekend."

"Oh wow! 2 tickets to see "Flesh Eatter 2". Mihoshi said.

"GIVE ME THAT PHONE!" Ayeka said

Mihoshi heard all the noise and went down stairs to cheak it out.

"I'm the one who's gonna win those tickets. Not you princess." Ryoko 
said

"You just want a moment along with Tenchi, but your not gonna get it. I 
am!" Ayeka said

Mihoshi took out her pocket her cell phone and diled the radio number 
and it began to ring.

"Give me the phone Ryoko!" Ayeka yelled

"Never! Tenchi and me were ment to be." Ryoko yelled

"Oh Wow!" Mihoshi yelled

"Huh?" Ryoko and Ayeka looked at each other weirdly

"I won!" Mihoshi said

"Yes baby you won!" Joey the DJ said. "You get to have a Dinner and 
Movie. You will see your movie at the Tajahita Cinama and have a 
wonderful dinner at Shogun. You can come pick up the tickets at the 
station. You know where it is?"

"Do I ever!" Mihoshi said

"Ok! See ya then!" Joey said and hung up

"MIHOSHI!" Ryoko and Ayeka said. "You have to give me the tickets!"

"No Way! I may be silly and clumsy but I'm not stupid." Mihoshi said 
running upstairs as Ryoko and Ayeka was chasing her.

"No! Get away!" Mihoshi said.

Mihoshi was running so fast she didn't see Tenchi standing there and 
crashed into him.

"Whoa! Mihoshi what's the rush?" Tenchi said

Ayeka and Ryoko was coming at them really fast. Mihoshi grabed Tenchi's 
arm and pulled them into Sasami's room.

"Come out of there with Tenchi!" Ryoko yelled banging on the door.

"What do they want?" Tenchi said scared half to death.

"Don't make me come in there!" Ayeka yelled tring to get the door open.

"They want my tickets that I won on the radio and I don't even have them 
yet." Mihoshi said turning red. "Do you wanna go with me to see "Flesh 
Eatters 2?"

"Sure." Tenchi said. "Does this weekend sound good?"

"Oh Yeah! I'm off duty so I'll be free." Mihoshi said happy and full of 
joy. "Thank you Tenchi." Mihoshi gave Tenchi a long kiss on the lips. 
"It's a reward. See ya tonight."

Mihoshi opened the door and Ryoko and Ayeka fell throgh the door and 
Mihoshi bolted out the door and throgh the frount door. Mihoshi took a 
short cut to get to the city.  Tenchi wasn't living very far from the 
station.


*That Night*


"Mihoshi! Please! I'll do anything for those tickets." Ayeka said in 
Mihoshi's bedroom while she was getting ready in the bathroom.

"No Miss Ayeka. This is really important to me." Mihoshi said. "I always 
wanted to go on a date."

Mihoshi grabed the make up kit next to her.

"But, loving lord Tenchi has always been a fantasy of mine and well, I 
would really like the tickets." Ayeka said making fake tears.

"No. Now it's Ryoko's turn to give me a good reason why I should give 
you the tickets." Mihoshi said

Ryoko teleported into the room.

"Mihoshi? You would really like a promotion right?" Ryoko said slyly. 
"Well, I promuse to turn myself in if you give me the tickets."

"Ok. I've heard enough." Mihoshi said. "I'm gonna be late If I don't 
hurry."

"Gr! Mihoshi! Give me the tickets!" Ryoko yelled

"No. Now I have to go or I'll be late." Mihoshi grabed her spagettie 
strap purse and ran out of the room. Tenchi was down stairs waiting for 
Mihoshi.

"I'm ready!" Mihoshi said

Mihoshi was wearing a min-skirt with a shirt with a small star on it.

"Wow....Mihoshi...You look great." Tenchi said studdring.

"Thanks a lot Tenchi...Now come on! We'll be late for the movie and we 
have a limo waiting for us."

Mihoshi ran down stairs and grabed Tenchi's hand and ran out the front 
door.

"Have fun you 2." Tenchi's Dad said. "Nothing frisky now. Ha ha ha."

The limo was at least 20-30 feet long. Ryoko and Ayeka was glaring at 
Mihoshi and Tenchi getting in the limo.

"Come on Tenchi." Mihoshi said. "The limo won't bite."

Tenchi steped in and saw the whole limo. It had green carpeting and the 
walls were lepor-spotted, and wine on  the mini-bar in front of him. The 
drivers window was raised down. Mihoshi's pretty blue eyes glisned at 
the luxiory and beutiful suroundings.

"Wow Tenchi! Isn't this romantic." Mihoshi said

"Yeah." Tenchi said still looking at everything.

"You guys ready?" The driver said. "The movie starts in 10min."

"Wow we better get going." Mihoshi said.

The driver started the engine and rolled up the little window to leave 
Mihoshi and Tenchi in private.

"So...What's the movie about?" Tenchi said scooting closer to Mihoshi.

"Well, I don't want to give it away." Mihoshi said slyly. "But you'll 
find out."

"Oh..Ok." Tenchi said. "My friends say it's a pretty scary movie.

"Oh it is." Mihoshi said with a excited face. "Its tearing up the box 
office. The Tajahita Cinama is the coolest! They have suround sound and 
a huge screen. I went there with Kiyone to see the Police Policeman 
Movie."
Mihoshi then discovered she was acting like a little kid waiting to go 
on a rollercoaster for the first time.

"I'm sorry. I'm acting like a little kindergardener." Mihoshi said 
blushing of imbrassment.

"It's ok Mihoshi." Tenchi said "I understand. That's what I like about 
you. Your so carefree unlike the other girls. Well, maybe Sasami."

"Really?" Mihoshi said. "You really like me?"

"Well, yeah!" Tenchi said. "You can put it that way."

"Wow!" Mihoshi said. "No ones ever had a crush on me before."

"Wait that's not what I mean." Tenchi said with a swet drop from his 
head. "I mean I like you the way you are not like..well you know."

Mihoshi was staring at Tenchi for a while and looked kinda upset. "It's 
ok Tenchi." Mihoshi said putting on her carefree face.

The limo then stopped and pulled up to the entrance of the theather.

"Where here!" The driver said.

The driver got out of the car and opened the door. As Tenchi and Mihoshi 
stepped out there were cameras flashing and TV crews everywere.

"Mihoshi! What's going on?" Tenchi said covering his face from the 
flashes of the cameras.

"I almost forgot to tell you." Mihoshi said also being blinded by the 
cameras. "I'm in the movie! I play one of the people running from the 
Flesh Eatters."

"So Mihoshi." A news woman said getting right in front of her face. 
"Who's your little friend?"

"I rather not talk about it." Mihoshi said. She grabed Tenchi's arm and 
ran throgh the crowed of desperate news people. They ran throgh the 
entance and closed the door keeping the crazy reporters and fans out.

"Whew!" Mihoshi said. "I'm sorry I forgot to tell you I was in the 
movie. We have 5min til the movie starts."

"We better hurry." Tenchi said. "Too bad we won't be able to get 
popcorn."

"Were having a dinner after this." Mihoshi said giggling. "We don't want 
to spoil it."

"Oh yeah!" I almost forgot." Tenchi said.

"Come on!" Mihoshi said "This way." Tenchi and Mihoshi ran down and 
empty hall and ran into the movie. They found a good seat right in back 
with a perfect view and everything.

"We made it just in time!" Mihoshi said sitting in the seat right in the 
middle. "It's just starting."

Tenchi sat in the seat right next to Mihoshi.

"Look!" Mihoshi whispred. "There's me. It took about 20 takes just to 
get this part because I kept falling, triping or knocking things over."

Tenchi could hardly belive Mihoshi was right there on the screen. She 
was walking into the kitchen and saw a dead man on the floor with a 
knife in his chest.

"AAAAHHH!" Mihoshi's charactor screamed. "Kashito! Oh My God! What 
happened?" Mihoshi's charator ran to the phone and picked it up to call 
911. Then someone from behind her grabbed her and had a knife in his 
hand.

"Hello Kira! You tried to kill me." The man said. "Now I will kill you."

"Get away!" Kira said and hit the killer in the head with the phone and 
ran upstairs. Then the killer was already upstairs and grabbed Mihoshi 
by the arm and threw her agenst the wall.

"Ahhhh!" The crowed screamed. Mihoshi was holding on to Tenchi's arm. 
Even though she's seen the movie before.

"Please! No get away!" Kira screamed. The killer rasied the knife and 
stabbed Kira in the shouder. Kira screamed and sled to to the floor as 
Kira was crying in pain. The killer then got a gun and pointed it at 
Kira then a huge german shepered named Ryoohki (Mihoshi came up with the 
name of the dog.) grabbed the killer by the hand and got shot in the ear 
as the dog fell to the ground with a yelp Kira had time to get away.

***********************************************

"I'm just glad the whole thing is over" Kira said to her dog Ryoohki as 
the bodie of the killer was floating down the river and into the sea.

"Wow Mihoshi!" Tenchi said with an impressed look. "You act really 
great."

"Thanks Tenchi." Mihoshi said blushing again. "It was just a hobbie. 
Come on let's get back to the limo." Tenchi and Mihoshi took the other 
exit to avoid being attacked by reporters. Mihoshi whisled to the limo 
driver to srive to where they were. The plan worked with flying colors 
and they were off to Shogun. 

"What did you think of the movie Tenchi?" Mihoshi asked.

"It was great Mihoshi!" Tenchi said. "I never thought you could act so 
good. Did you do your own stunts."

"Well, most of them but not all." Mihoshi said "I did the jumping off 
the expolding building. I did the knife one and I did the gun one and 
the motercycle chase. It was my fav."

Tenchi was so impressed of how Mihoshi did all that stuff. Tenchi was 
getting a little edgey and had a tingling feeling in the lower area. He 
was horny and wanted to get Mihoshi in bed. Tenchi looked at Mihoshi on 
the other side of the limo looking out the window so inoccent and 
carefree. Tenchi looked at her breast and felt even hornyer. He stopped 
and said to him self to wait till she's tired and weak then ask her.

Tenchi and Mihoshi's dinner was great. Tenchi had 3 Sakis in a row! 
Mihoshi had 5! They had hamburger stake and krapes for dinner along with 
some shrimp and miso soup. Mihoshi and Tenchi was being a little to loud 
and they had to be thrown out. It was embarassing but it was cool.

"Wow! Tenchi I had a great time!" Mihoshi said yelling.  Tenchi had to 
carry her to the limo because she was drunk. Tenchi was half drunk but 
he managed. Tenchi sat her in the limo and Mihoshi had some coffie to 
calm her nerves. The driver raised up the little window and drove out 
the lot of the resturant.

"Mihoshi? Are you ok?" Tenchi said waking her up.

"Yeah. I'm alright." I feel kind of imbrassed. I'm sorry." 

"Mihoshi!" Tenchi said grabbing her arm. "I lied."

Mihoshi cocked her head in counfusion. "About what?" 

"I really....I really do love you." Tenchi said with a little imbrassed 
look. "I really have a crush on you and I can admet that."

"Tenchi I-" Mihoshi was starting to cry. "Tenchi I want to have sex with 
you!" Mihoshi quickly covered her mouth. "I'm sorry."

"Mihoshi." Tenchi said with a very serious voice. "I will."

Mihoshi went over to Tenchi and kissed him on the lips. Tenchi was 
supised how good she was at kissing. Mihoshi and Tenchi fell to the 
floor. Their kissing lasted for a minute. Then Mihoshi sat up and 
unbuttoned Tenchi's jacket and took off his shirt. Then Tenchi took a 
hold of Mihoshi's breast. Mihoshi giggled and took off her shirt and 
there was her bra. It was pink with a little flower in the middle. 
Tenchi went to the back of her bra  and tried to unbuckle it. Mihoshi 
took her hands in the front where the buckle was and undid it and it 
came completely off. Mihoshi then turned around and kissed Tenchi again. 
Then Tenchi started to pull down her skirt. There was her white thin 
panties as Tenchi put his hands on her hip he slowly pulled them down. 
Tenchi got on top of Mihoshi and started kissing her and rubing her 
large breast. Mihoshi began to moan in plesure. Tenchi then went down to 
her breast and started to lick and nibble on her nipples. Mihoshi was 
moan withe pleasure really loud. "Tenchi...Oh...My." Mihoshi said that 
over and over again. Then Tenchi put is finger in her vagina and started 
to rub it back and forth. Mihoshi was moaning a little louder now and 
rubbing her hair. Tenchi then took his finger and stuck it up her 
peehole. Mihoshi was almost screaming this time. Tenchi pulled it in and 
out faster and faster. "Oh.....Oh....Keep..going....Oh." Mihoshi said 
rubbing her breast to the rhythm of Tenchi rubbing her vagina. Then they 
stopped. Mihoshi sat up and wrapped her arms around Tenchi. It was his 
turn. Mihoshi then began to kiss him and then went down to his chest and 
started to lick his nipples. Tenchi began to moan and rub Mihoshi's hair 
as she nibbled on them. Then Mihoshi made her way down to Tenchi's cock 
and began to lick it. Tenchi was moaning with pain and pleasure. Mihoshi 
then got to his penis and began to suck it. Tenchi was holding the seat 
very tightly as Mihoshi was sucking his cock and putting it down her 
throat. Tenchi was cuming her down her thoat and Mihoshi was swollowing 
every bit of it. Tenchi was cumming her so much she could hardly swllow 
it all and took Tenchi's penis out. and cum was going all over the 
floor. Then Tenchi stopped cumming and fell back and Mihoshi fainted. 
The driver had stopped and they were at the house and Ryoko and Ayeka 
was waiting at the front porch.

"OH NO!" Tenchi yelled. He quickly scarmbled to put his pants and 
underwear on. "Mihoshi wake up!" Tenchi yelled. The driver knocked on 
the window and asked if they were ready.

"No not yet." Tenchi said. "Don't open the door yet." Tenchi tried to 
dress Mihoshi while she was passed out. But it was too late Ryoko and 
Ayeka was running for the limo!

"Oh no." Tenchi tried hard to find out how the bra got on. He finnaly 
mastered it. Tenchi then tured around and locked the limo door. Tenchi 
then put Mihoshi's panties on. Then he put her shirt and her skirt on 
and signaled the driver to open the door. He pick Mihoshi up and put his 
jacket on her cause she was shivering. The driver opened the door and 
Ayeka and Ryoko tackled Tenchi to the ground while he was holding 
Mihoshi.

"Tenchi! I'm so glad your back!" Ryoko and Ayeka said together.

"Hey! Get off me your crushing Mihoshi not including me!" Tenchi said 
trying to get them off of him.

"I'm sorry Tenchi!" The girls said.

"Back off Princess!" Ryoko said. "How many times do I have to tell you 
that Tenchi is mine and always will be."

"I don't see your name on him so back off." Ayeka said.

Tenchi had enough time to escape with Mihoshi. He opened the other door 
and snuck out of the limo. He stud up with Mihoshi in his hands and 
walked into the house. Everyone was asleep so he sat Mihoshi on the 
couch cause he didn't want to wake Kiyone. Then he kissed Mihoshi good-
night and went to his room.



There's no second chapter to this beacause it wouldn't make any sence 
however, There will be one for the others but a lot better then 
Mihoshi's. She's my fav charactor and I screwed it up. I'll try to make 
another one.


UPDATE: I will make 2 more lemons One is called Sakuya's Best and 
Nobiyuki the Rapest

Cool huh? Well I g2g. Have any Qs? Well I have The A's! Send me an e-
mail if you have any qustions or comments. Please don't say anything 
about the spelling. I know it's bad. Sorry but I'll try better. My e-
mail is mihoshi_spacegirl@yahoo.com.
