Disclaimer:I do not own Tenchi Muyo or anything else even vaguely 
associated with them, so don't sue me.


		Mihoshi's Bliss
		by Dade Gifford
		


	The sun cast its pink and purple glow across the hills as 
Tenchi tromped back home from the fields.  Jiichan had worked him extra
hard today, so he hadn't had enough time to get at the fields earlier
in the day.  He sighed, and stopped to watch the sunset for a moment.
Sweat ran from his brow, to the left of his left eye, ran down his 
cheek, down his neck to be absorbed by his collar.  Tenchi turned about
and, hoe in hand, trekked down the dust path to the Masaki home.  Of
course, upon reaching the door, Ryoko phased through the wall to his
right.

	Tenchi could instantly tell that she was drunk out of her mind,
and in Ryoko's case, that takes an AWFUL lot of sake...

	"Tensshhiii.....  Cshom on, lez getta drink 'r three..."
	Tenchi recoiled from her sake breath.  "Uh, I'd really rather
not..."
	"Awww...looshen up and haff a drink..." Ryoko presented a
bottle of sake to him.
	Tenchi pushed the bottle away.  "Ryoko, no."
	Ryoko looked angry.  "Awrite, ah'm tyred uf you allays bakkin'
outta this schtuff...  Yer GONNA haff a drink!"
	Tenchi's eyes widened, and he ever so slowly backed away from
her.  
	Ryoko reached for him, and managed to get the scruff of his 
shirt, which was dirty with sweat.  It was quickly getting sweatier.
	"Awrite, we's gun' haff sum phun.." she began to drag him to
the house.
	"NO-OOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!" Tenchi ran, tearing the shirt right
off of him.  Ryoko stood there for a moment, her glazed eyes watching
him go, and then looked at the shirt.  
	"Awww....SHIT!" she fried it.
	Tenchi ran, trying desperately to remember how he could get
around to the front of the house without Ryoko knowing.  He looked
behind himself, then tripped on a root.  His face landed in the dirt.
	"Ugghh.." he said, pulling himself up.  It was then that he
realized he'd lost the hoe somewhere back there.  Tenchi silently
cursed his clumsiness, and made his way through the brush.  Luckily,
Ryoko didn't find him, and he made it to the front door.  Upon stepping
inside, he met up with Aeka.  She, too, was drunk.  Her eyes were 
misty.
	"Ten-chan!  How good to shee you..." she slurred.
	Tenchi gulped.  This was quite unlike her....must've been some
powerful stuff.  "Uh, hi, Lady Aeka."
	"Ohh, you're schweet..jus' call me 'Aeka,' 'kay, my luv?"
	DEFINATELY not like her...  "Umm, I don't know.."
	Aeka pressed herself against him.  And very strangely, she too
was pressing a bottle of sake towards him.  "You too, Aeka?"
	"Huh?  Whutchew meen, me tew?" she took a slug from that 
bottle.  
	"Umm..." Tenchi thought of how the women fought when they were
drunk..  "Nevermind."
	Mihoshi was playing some video game with Sasami, and she was
vegged out...  All in all, basically like she usually is.  Sasami did
her best to ignore the drunken ramblings of her sister.  Mihoshi had
been hitting the sake, too, but she didn't usually show any of the 
usual reactions to it.  She just got really quiet, and vegged out with
whatever she could.  
	Nobuyuki and Katsuhito were on the couch right behind Sasami
and Mihoshi, and for some reason, were drunkenly cheering them on.  
	"Shaa...kik them robots..Shashami...yeh, press thet butt'n, the
red one..." instructed Katsuhito.  
	"Yuh...lissen to yer gran'pa...whutevver he sez iz gotta be 
rite...y'know..I don' think I ever rillly tol' ya, stepdad, but I haf
lottsa rezzpect fer ya..." said Nobuyuki.
	"Wul, itz normal...y'see, lotsa people have respect fer me..."
	Tenchi shook his head, and stopped listening to his relatives
drunkenly speaking nonsense.  Aeka was now rubbing herself against
Tenchi.  <Wow...> he thought.  <There must've been an awful lot of sake
for Aeka and Jiichan to be acting up like this.>
	Wasyuu came out of the lab door.  "Hi, Tenchi!" she said. 
Oddly enough, she wasn't drunk.  
	"Uhh, hi, Wasyuu-chan..any idea what's going on?" he said, 
trying to ignore Aeka, who was still caressing him.  
	"Oh, you like?  It's one of the old inventions I made back at
the academy.  It was popular in the dorms.  It's extremely intoxicating
and inhibition stripping!  You could give some of this to the pope, and
he'd probably do anything you want!  Ha!  I had LOTS of fun with this,
back a while ago.."
	Tenchi stared at her.  "Wasyuu..." he said disapprovingly.
	"Oh, don't worry.  I never used it on MYSELF... and I never did
anything to the students..nothing harmful, at least...I think.." her
face crimped up in thought.
	Tenchi's vision was then filled with a brown ceramic sake
bottle as Aeka thrust it in front of him.  "Aww.. come on, Tenshii...
yew kin trust me...  I won' try nuthin' funny.." she said.
	Tenchi slowly pushed the bottle away.  "N-n-no thanks..."
	THOONK!  
	"Mmmf!!  Gurglemrggle....*gulp*"
	Aeka had put the mouth of the bottle into Tenchi's mouth, and
held it there till he had to either swallow some of it, or suffocate.
	He flung the bottle away with disgust.  "Aeka!!  How COULD you?
I thought...I mean YOU, of all people!!"
	She looked at him with glazed eyes for a few minutes, then just
broke down in front of him.  "Ohh...I'm shoo shoorrry...Ten-shan.."
she pressed her face into his chest, reminding him that he needed to 
get a shirt on.  
	Aeka cried into Tenchi's chest for a minute, and he couldn't
help but feel somewhat sorry that he'd yelled at her.  Aeka had the
ability to make anyone feel sorry for her.
	Tenchi grasped her and held her at arm's length.  "Aeka...just,
don't do it again, I guess...*urp*...wooaaahhh..."  Tenchi finally
caught the tail end of the symptoms of Wasyuu's "special" sake.
	Aeka smiled.  Just what she'd been waiting for.  "Ohh, I'm sho
sho shorry...Tenshii.."
	Tenchi looked at her, a rising flush developing in his face.
"Aww, no...*hic*....no prollem, Aeka-shan...woooah..what'd ya put in
this schtuff, Wasyuu..?"
	Wasyuu beamed.  "Well, a mixture of brealtine, grazo-dioxide,
porglo-venoition.." she went on like that for a while.
	Aeka decided that now was the time.  She kissed him full on the
lips.  Tenchi responded.  Aeka reached down for the button on his pants
with total disregard for everyone in the room, including her little
sister.  Ryoko phased in nearby.  She gasped in mock-shock.
	"Wull, little prinschesh, maykin' yer muve allreddy?" she took
another slug from a bottle.  
	"Why, yesh I am..  And jus' what is wrong with that?"
	"Nuttin'...jus' the fact thet Tenshii prolly wants bodda us.."
	"Wuzzat?"
	"I sed Tenshii prolly wans ta fuck me an' yew..."
	Aeka put her hand to her chest.  "Naw...rilly?"
	Tenchi wavered on his feet.  The liquor proved a little too
much for him, and he wavered over to the couch.  He plopped down next
to his dad.  Nobuyuki slapped Tenchi on the back.
	"Wul, glad yuh finally decyded ta looshen up a little, Tenshi.
So do ya need a pryvit room wit onna yer wommin?" he said as slyly as
he could slur.
	Tenchi looked over at him, one eye wide open, the other one
squinted up.  "Whutchew talkin' 'bout, Nobuyuki?"
	"Shudda known even if you's drunk, you's still persistent 'bout
keepin' away frum yer wommin'.."
	"Naw, I ment, you sed 'one,' and two 'r three wan' me at the
shame time..."
	Nobuyuki looked at him cock-eyed.  "Wull, aren't you gettin' a
lil' greedy, there?  Pass onna 'em this a way, shon..."
	"Aww, shaddup, ol' man..."
	Aeka came over and sat in Tenchi's lap.  She turned his head
her way and kissed him full on the lips.  Ryoko floated over, and 
licked his ear.  Aeka then gripped his face, and held him to her while
she french-kissed him.  
	Tenchi seemed a little more sober right after that.
	"Uhm...yew wommin' wanna let me breathe?"
	"Naw, whyever would we wanna do thet?" said Aeka.
	Nobuyuki stood up and pointed.  "The bedroom's thet way, lil'
lady.."
	"Dammit, I know where the hell th' damn room is, ya stinkin'
hentai!"
	Nobuyuki was too soused to care.
	It was at this moment that Mihoshi stood up.  Sasami looked up
at her, but didn't dare say a thing.  She knew how drunk people could
get, sometimes.  But this time, she didn't even have Tenchi to confide
in, because he was another one of the drunkards, and it surprised her.
	Casually, she strode over to Tenchi.  Aeka and Ryoko were now
slapping each other, pushing to get a kiss at Tenchi.  Mihoshi grabbed
him by his left arm, and stood him up.  "Come on, let's get out of here
and to someplace more...suitable..." she said.
	Oddly enough, she was the only one who was acting normal, and
that was *still* out of character for her.
	Aeka and Ryoko took a couple more slugs each off their sake
bottles, and didn't even notice as Mihoshi dragged a drunk Tenchi off
to the nearest bedroom.  Nobuyuki raised his bottle, and drawled 
something unintelligible to Tenchi.  Tenchi struggled to keep his 
balance.
	Across the room, Wasyuu said, "..and coelexine.  Hey, where's
Tenchi?"
	Sasami pointed to the bedroom.  "Mihoshi dragged him in there.
I think she wanted to talk to him about something."
	Wasyuu smiled devilishly.  "About time someone got the guts to
do that."
	Sasami pretended she didn't know what was going to happen, and
resumed playing her game.  She was worried about tomorrow, though, and
decided to turn in early, before everyone else collapsed and basically
slept where they fell.
	Sasami didn't plan on having to make a big breakfast tomorrow,
though.
	Tenchi stumbled into what he realized, vaguely, was his room.
Mihoshi was next to him, holding him tightly by the arm.  Tenchi was a
bit drunk, but even he realized she had undergone a change of character
(due in no small part to the liquor)and it would have scared him, had
he not been honed and capped.
	Mihoshi gave him a seductive look, a dangerous glimmer in her
deep blue eyes.  She reached towards her back.  ZZZZIIIIPPPP.
	Mihoshi's shirt fell away, revealing a white cotton bra.  She
sighed passionately, and advanced on Tenchi.  Because of Wasyuu's 
little concoction, Tenchi actually reached for her.  "Mmm..Tenchi..."
she said.
	Mihoshi pressed her breasts to Tenchi's face, and massaged 
them, sighing.  Tenchi reached behind her.  He fumbled with her bra for
a while.  Then he pulled his face out of her cleaveage.  "How do ya get
this thing off?" he mumbled.  
	"Like this," she said, and the bra fell away, revealing her 
large, tan breasts.  
	Tenchi, overdriven with lust and liquor, began to suckle on her
breast as she sighed and moaned.  Mihoshi reached for her jean cutoffs,
and took them off.  Her white panties greeted Tenchi, and his manhood
strained towards her.  Mihoshi sat down on the bed, and pulled Tenchi
down onto her.  Tenchi and Mihoshi kissed for a while, groping each
other with lust.  Her hands wandered, and she found the edges of his
pants.  She forced them down, and a pair of white boxers presented 
themselves, expanding forwards like a cirus tent.  She took them off.
	Tenchi's hands found her panties, and he forced them down.  
They were glistening.  Wet.  
	Tenchi went back to kissing her, and she stroked him lightly.
Tenchi's hands, after ridding Mihoshi of her panties, caressed the 
tight skin around her sex.  She groaned, and pressed towards his hand,
encouraging him to go on.  His fingers parted her labia, and ran across
her inner lips.  Mihoshi gasped.
	She turned him around so that he was sitting on the bed's edge,
and she got off.  Mihoshi pushed him lightly back, letting him lay down
on the bed.  Tenchi felt her blonde hair tickle his stomach as a kiss
was planted on the head of his penis.  Tenchi put his hands on the back
of her head, and she slowly engulfed his manhood.  Tenchi moaned as
she worked on him, putting her hands into play.  Tenchi began to take
in huge gulps of air as she worked faster, her lips clamped tightly
around his member.  Tenchi thrust his hips toward her as she worked.
	Tenchi looked down and saw her head bobbing, and felt the need
for release.  He gasped, and Mihoshi sucked faster.  Tenchi gasped 
again as he came, and Mihoshi swallowed all of it.  Tenchi kissed her
as she brought herself level with him.  He slid three fingers into her,
and she gasped aloud.  He worked them, and drew his fingers away,
dripping wet.  Mihoshi licked them clean, and he went back to work.
His fingers repeatedly entered her, and she reached climax, her juices
flowing over his hand.
	Tenchi pulled her onto the bed again, and rolled her over.  He
placed his hands on either side of her, and let his member touch the
entrance to her sex.  Overdriven with lust, Mihoshi spread her legs.
Tenchi gently pressed forwards, and her hymen was torn suddenly.  But
Mihoshi didn't cry out, she just bit her lip.  Tenchi started slow, but
then worked faster, pumping, making her large breasts sway.  Juices
flowed from her like a river, soaking his cock.  
	Tenchi's breath came out in sharp hisses as he pumped.  Mihoshi
grasped his shoulders tightly, clawing into him unintentionally.  He
hardly felt it, anyway.  The bed began to creak wildly as he thrusted
faster.  Mihoshi felt the tension building up, and then she screamed
as climax took her.  Added lubrication flowed from her love canal onto
Tenchi, the bed, and herself.  Tenchi took one of her nipples in his
mouth as he pumped, and sucked on it lightly.  
	 Tenchi felt the rush again, and pumped faster.  The bed began
to bang against the wall with loud thumps.  Mihoshi cried out lightly
on each thrust.  Tenchi finally climaxed, emptying himself within her.
Mihoshi cried out "Tenchiiii...!" as she felt the spreading warmth of
his semen filling her, then spilling out onto the sheets.  Tenchi fell
to the side of her after another few minutes, gasping for breath.  She
was, too.  They kissed again, and exhaustion overtook Tenchi.  He fell
asleep, as did Mihoshi.
	The next morning, Tenchi awoke with a pounding headache.  
	"Oww...ughh..?"  Tenchi had a look around.  He didn't remember
coming into his room last night...  In fact, the last thing he could
remember was Aeka drunk and crying into his chest, and him telling her
that whatever she did was all right.  He couldn't remember what she'd
done, either.
	Tenchi struggled to get up, but something was holding him down
to the bed.  At first he just thought he was still tired, but then he
realized that there really WAS something holding him to the bed!
	"Mmm..."  Mihoshi sighed and rolled over in his bed.
	"Whaa?!" said Tenchi loudly.  <Kami-sama..> he thought.
	Mihoshi woke up.
	"Hmm?  Oh, my!  Tenchi, what are you doing in my room?" she
questioned.
	"Umm, you're in *my* room, Mihoshi.."
	"Huh?  That can't be right!  Let me see..first I was out by the
Yukinojo..." Mihoshi detailed everything she'd done for the last 
fifteen hours.
	Tenchi just sat there, dumbfounded.  Mihoshi didn't know how
she got there, either, but for some reason, that didn't surprise him.
	"Maybe we should go ask the others..."
	"Hmm?  Let's see..I don't remember them being around at all.."
	"Uh, I mean, let's see if they know what happened yesterday."
	"Oh!  Okay, let's go, then..  But Tenchi?"
	"Yes?"
	"What was I doing in your bed?"
	"I really don't know, Mihoshi.." <And I hope it's not as bad as
it looks...>
	Tenchi sat up after Mihoshi released him...and realized he was
totally naked.
	"Aai!"
	"Oh my!"
	Tenchi took the sheets and covered himself.  Unfortunately,
this also uncovered Mihoshi.  She looked down at herself.
	"EEEEEK!!" she took a pillow and held it over herself.  
	"Waugh!" Tenchi's nose bled.
	He wrapped the sheet around himself, and stood up.  He found
his clothes on the ground, gathered them up, and ran out of the room.
Luckily for Tenchi, everyone else was still asleep.  He made it to the
closet nearby and put his clothes on.  Tenchi opened the closet door 
and peeked around.  Dead silence.  He stepped out and closed the closet
door as silently as he could.
	"Tenchi, what were you doing in the closet?"
	"Woah!  Whew, Sasami, you scared me for a minute.  I was just..
um...changing my clothes, that's it!"
	"Whatever you say, Tenchi."
	"Uh, Sasami?  Perchance, do you know what happened last night?"
	"You mean you don't remember?" she said incredulously.
	"Not a thing.  Was it that bad?"
	"Well..." Sasami explained all she had seen and heard.
	"Kami-sama..." whispered Tenchi.  "But how did YOU know that...
that..."
	"I may look eight, but I've lived longer than you, Tenchi.  Not
to be disrespectful or anything, but I should think I would know about
that stuff by now."
	"Oh...yeah...guess I forgot."
	"You two sure made a lot of noise in there."
	Tenchi blushed, his eyes wide.
	"I think you almost woke Ryoko up with the bed banging against
the wall like that."
	Tenchi was still blushing, but now a drop of blood fell from
his nose.
	"And Kami help you if Ryoko ever gets wind of this..."
	Tenchi cringed.  "Sasami..."
	"My lips are sealed."
	"Thanks," he sighed.
	Aeka walked by, on her way to the bathroom.  She looked like a
mess.  "Oh!  Lord Tenchi!  Please, don't look at me!" Aeka ran as fast
as she could to the bathroom.  Tenchi cringed when she got near, after
hearing what she'd done last night.
	Aeka, of all people.  He half expected Ryoko to pull a stunt
like that.  Mihoshi came out of the bedroom.  
	"Tenchi?  What's going on?"
	"Uhh, nothing, Mihoshi.." Tenchi didn't have the guts to tell
her what had happened.  Every time he steeled himself to say it, he 
couldn't help but look into those innocent eyes, and be turned about.
	Tenchi leaned over to Sasami to whisper in her ear.  "I don't
know if I can work up the guts to tell her."
	"Well, what is it you want me to do?"
	"Uh...I don't know if we should tell her yet or not...  I don't
think she could keep her mouth shut over it."  
	Mihoshi spoke up.  "Listen...if this is about what happened 
last night...  I'm sorry."
	Tenchi looked up, his eyes spooked.  "Huh?"
	"I didn't mean to take advantage of you, Tenchi."
	"M-m-m-mihoshi?"
	"Hm?  Oh, you're wondering why I'm not acting like I usually 
do.  Well, to tell you the truth, I'm supposed to act ditzy.  I'm a
secret agent in lieu of Juraian Royalty protection."
	"Huh?  Whaa?" this was too much for Tenchi to absorb.
	"Yeah.  Not even my GP 'superiors' know this.  My 'grandfather'
in the force is a Juraian official designated to keep me in the GP, 
even after all the things I was instructed to do.  I'm supposed to make
sure that nothing happens to you or the princesses.  Also, I send 
reports back of the goings-on around here."
	"So..you're not really ditzy?"
	"No.  Sorry for misleading you."
	"Then...isn't it dangerous for you to be telling us this kind
of stuff?"
	"In truth, yes.  But I'm not going to tell my superiors that."
	"Oh.  So that means you're still going to act ditzy?"
	"Yes, that's the plan."
	"And Mihoshi?"
	"What?"
	"You didn't take advantage of me.  Wasyuu took advantage of us,
or so Sasami says."
	"Yup," said Sasami.
	"Hmm... I thought she'd try something like that.  I'm also 
supposed to ruin some of her experiments, to keep them from getting you
in trouble.  Like that time I walked in before she...?"
	"Yeah," Tenchi said quickly.	
	"In truth, I carry enough technology on me to break any of her
lab's defenses.  But that's only because she doesn't know about them.  
I'm sure if Wasyuu discovered that, I'd never get in."
	"Hmm.."
	"What are you thinking?"
	"Well, now what do we do?"
	"Oh, you mean about last night?"
	"Yeah.."
	"Well, I suppose we have to go on like nothing ever happened.
Otherwise, things could get dicey."
	"Yeah, I see what you mean."
	"Well, sorry it has to be a one-night stand, but..."
	"Uh, don't be sorry.  I feel kind of guilty, actually."
	"Don't be."
	"Hey, do you think you should tell jiichan, now?"
	"No.  You see, if he found out, there might be a family 
struggle between him and Asuza, because of me being here and 'meddling'
in his business."
	"Oh... I didn't know jiichan was like that."
	"Yeah, well, he may look old and wizened to you, but on Jurai,
he'd basically be the equivalent of a man just out of his teens."
	"It's hard to picture him that way."
	"I can understand that."
	Tenchi shuffled his feet absently.  "Well, should we get some
breakfast..oww!" Tenchi grabbed his head as his hangover presented 
itself again.
	Mihoshi looked buzzed, but tried to remain on her feet.  
	"Okay!  I'll go get started!" said Sasami, who was her usual
cheery self again, and ran to the kitchen.
	"Tenchi.." said Mihoshi.  "For what it's worth...thanks."  She
kissed him, and his eyes bugged out.  
	"Well, I..I..."
	"You don't have to say anything."
	"Well, alright..."
	Mihoshi turned around and bubbled her way to the kitchen, now
back to her usualy ditzy self.  Tenchi stared.  She was back to the way
he'd always known her to be, but it still looked weird, seeing such a
distinguished person hopping around like that.
	At breakfast, everyone had a hangover, and absolutely no 
knowledge of what had happened.  Ryoko kept trying to convince Aeka 
that she and Tenchi slept together last night.  Aeka looked at Tenchi,
and he shook his head.  She sighed with relief. 
	<I don't know what would happen if I chose one of them.>
thought Tenchi.  <They'd probably always be worried that I'd be with
the other.>
====================================================================
I only have a couple more of the women to do 'til I'm done with this
mini-series.  I know, I know, I haven't been writing on NNFSC, but I've
written myself into a corner!  I don't know what should happen next! 
But you know what?  I'm going to try, and try, til I can think of 
something.  I'm not going to leave my only non-lemon series as it is.
I'll get to it, I promise.  But things have been so busy around here
lately!
URL:www.geocities.com/cubone41
E-mail:cubone41@yahoo.com
	