Disclaimer: I Do Not Own Tenchi Muyo Or Halloween. So I'm Not Making Any
Money From This.

Note: I'm going solo right now, I would suggest you look at my other works
under my other pen names. Just in case you were wondering I have so many
damn names because with any name that isn't F.T.W. is a work that I did with
one of my friends. When we do a joint fic I get the emails and they choose
the names and I always say it's me instead of saying F.T.W. and Fat Toby or
F.T.W. and Atticus. Feel free to email me with comments, questions, death
threats, whatever. Happy V-Day. Oh and by the way "Mr. Sinister" is a bitch.
Just thought I'd share with y'all. For other pen names please email. I
didn't feel like taking the extra time to go back to find all my old names,
also if any is interested I have works not posted on TMFFA, emailed on
request. This will be pretty short but the next one will have much more
length and sex. Scouts honor.

Mihoshi's Household Adventures

Almost a month had passed since Kiyone and Mihoshi were fired for there
forbidden love. They lost there apartment and were forced to move back in
with the Masaki's. While this didn't bother Mihoshi it played games with
Kiyone's mind all the time.  She had lost her job, her house and her ship
badly needed repairs. But despite all that her spirits were always high when
Mihoshi was around. However the fact that she now had to live with 4 more
women and a young man deprived her of private time with Mihoshi. She was so
ready to make her big move too. On that hot summer day Kiyone had been
searching like no other for a new job. She didn't like the idea of living at
someone's house without contributing at least a little bit. But like always
every job she could get was messed up by Mihoshi. Mihoshi's idea of being a
cop on Earth didn't fly too well since they had no Earthly records and any
records they could show wouldn't be understood by Earth offices. The day was
almost half over. After her long searching she decided it'd be a good time
to take a bath and relax a little. When she arrived she caught a quick
glimpse of Mihoshi sitting on the edge of the bath. She took a small step
inside and began to say something, however she was quickly cut off by
Mihoshi's giggling. Kiyone, hiding behind a corner, turned just enough to
see Ayeka and Ryoko necking furiously.

Mihoshi: "C'mon you too. You're gonna use up all your energy and I'll end up
getting left out again."

Kiyone's eyes shot open. Again? Mihoshi had been cheating on her. The
ex-detectives heart was broken. A few tears began to form in Kiyone's eyes.
She couldn't help but to start crying. She turned quickly and ran out as
fast as she could to crash into her bed and weep into her pillow. In the
bath however Mihoshi had heard the door open and close. She also heard the
weeping of her friend. She lowered her head and followed the green haired
girl to her room. When she got there Kiyone had her back turned to the door
and was still crying uncontrollably. Mihoshi went and sat.
Mihoshi: "Ki...Kiyone?"

Kiyone didn't make a sound. She couldn't stop crying enough to speak and
didn't feel like turning to face Mihoshi.

Mihoshi: "Kiyone are you alright?"

Kiyone: "Ju....just leave me alone Mihoshi."

Mihoshi: "I..."

Kiyone: "JUST GO!"

Kiyone turned quickly and slapped Mihoshi dead in the mouth. Her sadness and
turned to anger very quickly. Everything rushed to her at once. Her job, her
home, her ship, her love. She had lost everything. Kiyone stood slowly and
stared down her ex-partner coldly.

Kiyone: "Mihoshi....you have taken absolutely everything away from me!
Everything! But I didn't care. My job was my life. You took it from me.
Mihoshi....I didn't care because I still had you...now this. I don't know
what to do anymore. Everything is gone. Mihoshi....go....go have fun with
Ryoko and Ayeka and don't worry about me. I'll be gone by tonight."

Mihoshi started to stand slowly and approach Kiyone. She began to stare at
Kiyone's shoulders. It looked like she was shaking from either hate or pain.

Mihoshi: "Kiyo-"

Kiyone: "GO!"

Kiyone sharply shoved Mihoshi out of the room and shut the door. Mihoshi
reached forward to open it again but was met by the sound of the lock. Her
eyes filled with tears. She hung her head and went to sit on the couch and
sulk. Upstairs Kiyone was busy packing her things in a large bag. She
thought that maybe since she wasn't with Mihoshi anymore she could get her
job back.

In the kitchen Sasami was hard at work preparing dinner for the group. She
had just finished heating the water when she heard Mihoshi crying. Being
that she is such a curious person she went to investigate. When Mihoshi told
her the story Sasami only shook her head.

Sasami: "Well it serves you right Mihoshi. You've been such a burden on
Kiyone but she always sticks up for you when others talk badly. You owe her
more than a broken heart."

Mihoshi: "......you're right Sasami....what should I do?"

Sasami: "Wel-"

Before she could finish the sound of an roaring engine could be heard as
what was left of Kiyone's ship took off into space. Nobody had heard from
her in three months. In that time Mihoshi had drifted away from everyone
since Kiyone's departure. She wasn't herself. She smiled a lot less. Her
basic attitude was depressing.

On one random afternoon there was a knock at the front door. That night was
Mihoshi's birthday.  Most of the family had taken Mihoshi out to a kareoke
bar to sing and get wasted. Sasami was the only left at home, this was
however by her own will as she said she had work to finish.

When everyone got home they were all, with the exception of Tenchi pretty
damn drunk. Everyone stumbled into there rooms except Tenchi and Mihoshi who
went into the kitchen for some coffee. When they stepped in Mihoshi's eyes
instantly shot open. Her heart skipped a beat when she saw Kiyone and her
grandpa sitting at the table enjoying some tea.

Mihoshi: "Kiyone! Grandpa! What are you two doing here?!"

Kiyone: "Happy birthday Mihoshi."

Mihoshi ran forward and clutched Kiyone in a tight embrace and cried into
her shoulder.

Marshal Kurimitsu: "Mihoshi I made a mistake. I shouldn't have fired you two
for falling in love with each other. If you'd like you can come back to work
for the Galaxy Police, and you can be Kiyone's partner again."

Mihoshi: "Oh! Well yes of course! Thank you Marshal."

That night Kiyone and Mihoshi made up.

Mihoshi: "Kiyone.....I'm sorry.....I'm so sorry. Things have been miserable
without you around."

Kiyone: "I'm sorry too Mihoshi. I shouldn't of gotten so mad."

Mihoshi: "It's ok, let's go to sleep. I love you."

Kiyone: "I love you too Mihoshi."

The next mourning Mihoshi woke up very early. For some reason her alarm
clock was set for 4 AM. With a yawn and a stretch she went downstairs for
some breakfast. When she got there she found Kiyone wearing her Galaxy
Police uniform cooking some tea.

Mihoshi: "Kiyone? What're you doing up so early?"

Kiyone: "I have something I wanted to show you Mihoshi."

Mihoshi began to walk forward to get a closer look at whatever it was that
Kiyone was doing.
Without warning Kiyone pulled Mihoshi into a deep kiss. When they parted she
mouth "I love you." Mihoshi's eyes suddenly filled with terror.

Kiyone: "I just wanted you to see this, know it's your fault and to feel
what I felt when I saw you in the bath."

With that Kiyone drew her gun and unloaded a shot into her stomach. She
cringed and gritted her teeth. Her eyes squeezed together tightly as she
fell to the floor. As the blood spilled out onto the floor Mihoshi dove
forward to grasp her dying partner and lover.

Mihoshi: "Kiyone! No! NOOOOO!!!!"

Sasami was the first to hear the shot and scream. She rushed downstairs as
fast as she could to see Mihoshi holding Kiyone's body. She was frozen in
terror. Mihoshi pulled Kiyone close for a final embrace and wept into her
shoulder. In the lab however Washu was moving as fast as she could to create
some sort of a device that might save Kiyone. An energy field or something.
Meanwhile Mihoshi continued to cry feeling a sharp pain in her heart that
she just couldn't shake.

-End Pt2-

That was really hard for me. Kiyone is my fav so killing her off isn't
exactly what I wanted to do. I'd rather Mihoshi died. Oh well. Check out Pts
3-4 coming soon!