Lets get started, shall we? ALMOST ALL OF THESE CHARACTERS DO NOT BELONG TO ME!! 
Only one does. The others belong to AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. Please don't sue 
me! I put this at the beginning of all my stories just to be safe. Sorry guys! 
No lemon.	
I am angiesangel and this story is about Ryoko getting busted with Ken. Ryoko 
also realizes that she did WHAT? Washu is not at all pleased with her daughter 
and is intending to punish her when she returns but all that changes when 
something terrible happens. Even Ryoko isn't able to save herself due to her 
actions. Enjoy! 
Mistakes and Reunions	Part 4
Busted!
 
Tenchi was lying in bed looking up at the ceiling. His thought's kept wandering 
to how Washu acted when he told her that he loved Ryoko. 
<Why did Washu react like that? Is Ryoko in trouble? Is she hurt?> These 
thoughts swam through Tenchi's head as he tried desperately to fall asleep. It 
was no use. He was wide-awake. He decided to go downstairs to see if Ryoko had 
returned yet.
Tenchi looked for Ryoko in all of her favorite spots but found her nowhere. 
Tenchi sighed as he headed for the kitchen. As he walked through the door, he 
saw Washu sipping a cup of tea at the table. He considered going back to bed but 
then decided against it. He had to know why Washu got upset.
"Washu?" Tenchi said as he approached the table. Washu just closed her eyes and 
continued to sip her tea.
"I'm sorry for how I acted earlier. I was just scared," Washu said as a tear ran 
down her cheek. Tenchi sat down and poured himself a cup of tea and waited for 
her to explain herself. 
"Scared of what, Washu?" Tenchi asked, clearly confused. After a brief pause, 
she continued to explain.
"I really didn't want to tell anyone this, especially you Tenchi," she said as 
she looked up at him. Her eyes were full of pain as they glistened in the 
moonlight seeping through the window. Tenchi was a little worried at what she 
might tell him but he had to know.
"What is it Washu?" Tenchi asked reassuringly. Washu took another sip of tea as 
she thought about how she was going to tell him about Ken. Just the thought of 
that man sent chills down her spine. She went with the direct approach.
"Tenchi, Ryoko is seeing someone," Washu said as Tenchi sat there in shock. 
"That's why she didn't care when Ayeka asked you out in that date. She meet him 
the other night when she left. She is with him tonight again.  I know what 
they're doing too," Washu said as she took another sip of her tea. She looked at 
Tenchi, hoping he would get what she was hinting at. All Tenchi could do was 
stare at the scientist in shock. He felt tears welling up in his eyes as he 
realized what she was talking about. He couldn't think of anything to say. He 
finally makes a decision just to have his hopes shattered. 
"I'm sorry Tenchi. I didn't want to hurt you. That's why I didn't say anything 
before. I didn't want to see you upset, but I had to tell you. This isn't 
something I could hide from you," Washu said as she studied Tenchi's face. "If 
it makes you feel better, I don't trust him. I think he's going to get Ryoko 
into trouble." Tenchi looked at Washu with anger as she said this.
"Then why didn't you try to stop her?" Tenchi asked as he looked at Washu. 
"I tried but she wouldn't listen to me. I tried to reason with her but she was 
too stubborn to listen." Washu said as she finished her tea. She then realized 
that Ryoko had good reason to be mad at her and not listen. Wahsu actually 
thought she deserved it after what she had put Ryoko through and how she treated 
her.  Her experiments weren't the funnest experiences. 
"I'm sorry, Tenchi." She studied Tenchi's face and could see that he was getting 
angry. Washu was afraid he was getting mad at her and stood up and backed away 
from him.
"If he does anything to hurt her, than I swear..." Tenchi's growled through 
clenched teeth. His anger had gotten the best of him and he couldn't finish his 
sentence. Washu looked at him with pity. She felt bad for him, knowing that he 
loved Ryoko. This must be hard for him. Washu went over to him and knelt beside 
him.
"Tenchi, it's going to be ok. I've been keeping an eye on her," Washu said, 
hoping this would cheer him up. She felt guilty for snooping but she had no 
choice. His expression didn't change as he looked her square in the eye.  He had 
asked her numerous times to find Ryoko and she said she couldn't.  This only 
upset Tenchi more but he decided to let it go for now.
"Where is she?"
					*		*		*
Ryoko woke up with confusion. She looked around the room for a minute before 
recalling some of the previous night's activities. Her eyes grew wide as she saw 
Ken sleeping next to her. She sat up slowly and realized that she wasn't wearing 
any clothes. Her mouth was dry as she recalled the night's activities.  
Everything started when she took that pill. That pill...
<What *was* that?> she asked herself as she empty head. Her eyes grew heavy as 
she pondered what it was that Ken had given her. Her memory of last night failed 
to return to her as she wondered what else they did. She looked at the 
nightstand and noticed a small tray with white powder on it and a Visa credit 
card.  Ryoko's eyes widened as she thought of the previous night.
<Did I...> Ryoko thought. <No. I couldn't have. But I don't remember so much of 
last night that it could be possible.> Tears started to form in her eyes as she 
stared at the tray on the nightstand. She looked away and saw Ken was looking at 
her. She jumped and started to move away when he grabbed her gently by the arms.
"It's ok Ryoko. Everything is ok," he assured her but she just shook her head 
and looked away.  Never in her life had she ever even thought of doing drugs.
"No it's not ok!" she cried as tears started to roll down her face. She wanted 
to get back at Washu but it had gone too far. Ken took her in his arms but she 
pushed away from him. She didn't see the hurt in his face as she did this. He 
got up and walked around to the nightstand where the tray rested. He picked it 
up and used the credit card to form three small lines of the white powder. He 
held a rolled up dollar bill in his hand as he looked at her. She watched him 
snort two lines of the white powder up his nose and couldn't believe that she 
had done that the night before. He looked back at her and handed her the tray 
with the other dollar bill on it. Ryoko quickly shook her head and turned away. 
"Don't worry Ryoko. It will make you feel better," he said.
"That's what you said last night and look what happened," Ryoko said as she 
looked back at him. She still didn't remember a thing.
"You weren't complaining," he said as he gave her a devious grin. She was taken 
in by his looks and then realized that he was naked. She blushed and looked away 
as quickly as she could. 
"What's wrong Ryoko? It's not like it's nothing you haven't seen before," he 
said as he placed the tray in front of her. Her thought's turned to Washu as she 
looked at the tray. She knew her mother was snooping on her last night and she 
knew how mad it would make Washu to see her doing this again. Ryoko knew that 
Washu would already be fuming by now. Again, her mind protested but for some 
reason her body begged for the white powder. Ryoko picked up the rolled up 
dollar bill with one hand and held her hair back with the other even though her 
brain was screaming at her to stop. She hesitated a bit and then inhaled the 
powder through her nose. It burned at first but after a few minutes of sniffling 
and rubbing her nose, the burning went away. Ken put the tray back on the 
nightstand and sat down in front of Ryoko and stared into her golden eyes. Ryoko 
started to feel the effects of the drug and a sudden paranoia settled over her. 
She didn't know why, seeing they had done some pretty kinky stuff during the wee 
hours of the night. Ken could see Ryoko's discomfort and took her face in his 
hands. He then kissed her on the lips and laid her on her back and soon, Ryoko 
and Ken were lost in pleasure once again. 
					*		*		*
Washu watched on in horror as Ryoko snorted the powder that Ken had handed her 
for a second time. The first time she did it, Washu thought it was only because 
of the previous drugs she had taken but this time, she was sober. Washu felt 
anger and hatred towards the man that was now screwing Ryoko once again, but 
mainly her anger was directed at Ryoko. Her hands formed fists at her sides as 
she watched what was going on. Tears clouded her eyes as they darted across the 
screen. Before Washu knew it, her fist was imbedded in the center of the 
monitor. Her whole body shook as she stood there with blood oozing out of her 
wounded hand. She was going to have to have a little chat with her daughter when 
she returned home.
					*		*		*
Tenchi sat in silence as he ate his breakfast. His anger was still fresh and he 
didn't even realize that Washu had walked into the room and walked over to the 
sink. The plumbing in her lab wasn't working right so she had to go to the 
kitchen to wash her bloodied hand off.
"Washu what happened?!" squealed Sasami as she ran to Washu's side. Washu didn't 
answer the little girl, but only continued to clean off her wounded hand. The 
others were know aware of her injury and became worried.
"Washu? Are you all right?" Ayeka asked worriedly as she walked up to the small 
scientist. Washu still didn't respond to their questions as she proceeded to 
pick the small shards of glass out of her knuckles. Everyone was now worried, 
and not to mention confused, at what made Washu so upset. Her face was twisted 
in anger as she tended to her wound. When she was done, she turned and faced the 
worried group, with a towel wrapped around her hand.
"There is no need to worry about my daughter anymore, for she's going to be dead 
when I get a hold of the little bitch," Washu growled as she walked out of the 
room and back to her lab. Everyone looked at each other with confusion and fear 
as to what she might do. 
					*		*		*
Ryoko woke up to the sound of a door being slammed. She looked round the room 
and noticed a group of men standing at the door. Ken was already sitting up and 
ready for action when he saw their guests. It had only been a few hours since 
she last woke up so the drug was still coursing through her body.  Not to 
mention the narcotic hangover she had from the other drugs.
"What are you doing here?" Ken shouted as the other men just smiled at him and 
then looked over at Ryoko. Ryoko drew the covers closer to her bare chest. She 
knew what they were thinking and she didn't like it one bit.
"You know what we want and I expect you to give it to me," said a short man as 
he emerged from behind the others. "Hope I didn't catch you at a bad time," he 
said as grin crossed his face. Ryoko looked away from the group but she could 
still feel their sex hungry eyes upon her. Her body started to shake with anger 
as she thought of what they might do to her. What surprised her is that she 
wasn't only mad, but she was scared. 
<Why am I acting like this?> Ryoko thought as she stared down at the floor. 
<It's probably because of the drugs. Damn you Ken!>
"I'll get it to you. Don't worry! You can trust me," Ken pleaded as the stubby 
man walked closer in their direction. He stopped in front of Ken and looked him 
square in the eyes. 
"Well, I'll make you a deal," said the short man. "I'll let you go but only 
under one condition," he said as he shot a glance over at Ryoko. Ken saw this 
and knew what he wanted. Ryoko looked over at them again but she couldn't see 
Ken's face. 
<What makes you think he cares about you?> Washu's words ran through her head as 
she thought about their conversation. Ryoko considered this and a new wave of 
fear came over her. She never wanted to listen to Washu but she was infuriated 
at the fact that she should have listened this time. What if Ken didn't care 
about her? It was hard for her to think he didn't after last night but still. 
All she could do was hope he wasn't as much as a low life as Washu made him out 
to be.
					*		*		*
"Tenchi?" Ayeka asked as she walked over and sat next to him on the shrine 
steps. Tenchi looked into the sky and ignored her. Ayeka could feel tears in her 
eyes as Tenchi turned away from her. 
"Tenchi, can we talk?" Ayeka said as Tenchi looked the other way.
"What is it Ayeka?" Tenchi said in a cold voice. Ayeka was hurt by the tone in 
his voice and looked at her hands, which were folded in her lap.
"Tenchi...I want to apologize for what I said about Ryoko. I know it was wrong 
for me to do that," Ayeka said. She really wasn't sorry and she had meant every 
word she said at the time but she lied to make Tenchi feel better.
"I don't think I'm the one you're suppose to apologize to, Ayeka," Tenchi said 
as he turned to look at her. His eyes were full of hate and anger and it shocked 
Ayeka. She looked away to avoid his hateful gaze.
"Ayeka, I'm not mad at you. I just don't like it when you two fight. I care for 
both of you and I don't want you two to hurt each other," Tenchi said as he 
looked back at the sky. Ayeka couldn't stand it anymore. She had to know his 
feelings for her.
"Tenchi..." Ayeka started as Tenchi looked over at her again. Some of the anger 
had left his face and Ayeka was happy for that.
"What is it Ayeka?" Tenchi asked as he looked at her. 
"Tenchi...I...I..." Ayeka stuttered and then found a different approach. This 
would put Tenchi on the spot but she had to know.
"Tenchi, how do you really feel about me?" Ayeka said as Tenchi looked at her, 
unable to answer right away. He looked down at the ground as he tried to find 
the right words. Ayeka was frightened when he didn't answer right away.
"Do you love me?" She asked as he sat there, hoping he would say yes. A long 
pause went by as Tenchi thought. Ayeka could feel the tears swell up in her eyes 
as she waited for his answer. She had a feeling it wasn't going to be what she 
wanted to hear. Tenchi then looked back up at the sky and let out a long sigh.
"I'm sorry Ayeka. I don't know who I love," Tenchi said without emotion. Tenchi 
turned and looked at her. Ayeka had a hurt look on her face and Tenchi couldn't 
bare to look at her any longer so he turned around again.  He couldn't bring 
himself to tell her that he loved Ryoko.  That would crush her.  
"So you love Ryoko?" Ayeka asked as the silence subsided. Tenchi looked at the 
ground and shrugged his shoulders. His anger then returned as he thought of 
Ryoko with someone else. He closed his eyes and clenched his fists at these 
thoughts.
"I don't know, Ayeka," Tenchi said as he got up and walked away leaving Ayeka by 
herself. He turned and looked at her pain ridden face. "I just don't know who I 
love," Tenchi said as he turned and walked away. 
"Tenchi," Ayeka whispered to herself as a sudden rage came over her. She wanted 
Tenchi to love her the way she loved him but she felt that Ryoko was getting in 
the way. 

* She's probably doing this for attention.   I bet all the money in the world 
that she is watching this and laughing her ass off! * Ayeka thought to herself.  
She had to keep Tanchi away from Ryoko at all costs.  Her furture with him 
depended on it.
				*		*		* 
"Well?" said the man standing in front of Ken. Ken looked at him and thought of 
what he was going to do.
<If I say no, He'll kill me.> Ken thought.
<But if I say yes, he'll take Ryoko.> Ken let these thoughts roll through his 
head. He looked at the ground and then turned to see Ryoko sitting on the bed 
with her eyes on Ken. He could see she was upset but mainly scared as she waited 
for his answer. For some reason, it didn't effect him. Her eyes begged him to 
say no but everything inside of him told him to say yes. He finally came to the 
decision that he wasn't going to die for this woman. He didn't even know her. He 
used her and now he didn't need her. Sure she was the most attractive woman he 
had ever seen and he did have some feelings for her, but he wasn't going to die 
for her. He looked back up at the man in front of him and let out a slow sigh.
"Have you made up your mind?" the man asked as he looked at the naked man in 
front of him. 
"Go ahead," Ken said as he looked down at the ground. He didn't want to see the 
reaction on Ryoko's face for fear that it would make him change his mind.
					*		*		*
Ryoko's heart stopped as she heard the words escape Ken's mouth. Her breath 
caught in her throat as she stared at the back of his head. The man in front of 
him laughed and motioned for the men to grab Ryoko. 
<Don't let him get you into trouble> Ryoko heard Washu's voice ringing through 
her head again. She was mad at herself for not listening to her. She let their 
petty differences get in the way of their relationship. If only Ryoko had 
listened and paid attention, this probably wouldn't have happened. Ryoko wasn't 
listening to her mother to piss her off but now, it got her in trouble that even 
she wouldn't be able to get out of easily. Her powers weren't working and she 
would need a lot of time to regain them fully. The drugs had taken their toll on 
her. Ryoko closed her eyes and tried concentrating on her powers. Maybe that 
will help restore them faster. While her eyes were closed, Ryoko realize that 
one of the men had moved around to her back. When she turned to see him there, 
it was already too late and her world went black.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
I'm sorry to leave you hanging like this but I have no choice. I need to think 
of what is going to happen to Ryoko. I also have to think of what Tenchi is 
going to do. No worries. Everything will be revealed. Mail any comments or 
harassment's to ryoko_washu222@hotmail.com. 
