I'm back!  This is the last one.  So sorry it took me so long to finish it.  
Tenchi and the gang (scratch Takara, Ken, and Yushito) belong to ACI and 
Pioneer LDC Inc.  Please don't sue me cuz one, I have no money, and two, 
because I'm making no profit.  Enjoy the ending!

Takara is what!?  Are you sure?  Kagato is 'taken care of' as well as Ken 
with him, and Tenchi asks a very torn apart Ryoko a very important question. 
  No lemon, just sappy stuff.

Mistakes and Reunions	Part 10

Virtual Reality and Love

Washu watched as Ryoko cried quietly over her daughter's life-less body.  
Kagato had gone too far this time.  Way too far.  Washu knew that Kagato was 
still around and just waiting for the right moment to strike.  Washu then 
looked around the room in frenzy, wondering where he was.

"Show yourself you coward!!" Washu screamed, attracting everyone's attention 
except Ryoko who was still leaning over Takara.  Kagato's evil laughter rang 
through the lab and echoed in Washu's ears.

"Well professor, looks like I won.  I killed the child and that was my 
objective.  Now all I have to do is finish you off and I can go home," 
Kagato said as he materialized above the computer consols next to Ryoko and 
Takara and stared at the flustered Washu.  Washu looked at Ryoko and then at 
Kagato, wondering why Ryoko hadn't lunged yet.

"You went too far this time Kagato," Washu said again in a soft yet evil 
voice.  Kagato chuckled and shook his head.

"My poor professor.  Look at my creation.  She is totally oblivious to the 
world right now.  She finds her daughter just in time to see her killed by 
her own hand.  I actually found it quite amusing myself," Kagato said as he 
crossed his arms across his chest.

"She's not your creation!  She is human and she is my daughter!  I won't let 
you get away with this!" Washu threatened.

"I'm tired and I'm cranky so I want this to end so I can go home!" he yelled 
as he formed an orb of energy in his hands.  Washu took a step back and 
called for her laptop but found that it really wasn't needed.  Before Kagato 
had released the energy, Ryoko had her sword in hand and he thrust it 
straight into Kagato's body.  She had totally caught him off guard and now 
it was over before it began.  He fell to the floor and looked at Ryoko with 
wide eyes.

"...How...," he started but couldn't find the strength to finish his 
thought.

"Because you can't win over me anymore," Ryoko said in a surprisingly calm 
voice.  Kagato opened his mouth to say something but his last breath had 
escaped before he could speak.  Everyone stood there for a moment, gathering 
their thoughts before saying anything.  Washu looked at Kagato and then at 
her daughter.  Ryoko's face was blank and she seemed unresponsive.  Washu 
turned and looked at Tenchi as he moaned, waking from his unconscious state. 
  She walked over to him and knelt down, examining his wound before pulling 
out a bottle of ointment from another dimension.  She applied it to the 
wound and Tenchi tensed in pain as the ointment healed his wound almost 
immediately.  Everyone looked back at Ryoko and saw her kneeling over 
Takara's body with her head hung low.  Washu looked at the others and 
motioned for them to leave them be.  Everyone reluctantly left the room so 
that it was only Ryoko and Washu left in the lab.  Washu stood over her 
crushed daughter and let out a low sigh of sympathy.

"Ryoko..."

"..."

"Ryoko, please..."

"..."

"I'm sorry I couldn't have helped sooner.  If I had been a few minutes 
faster in reaching you I-"

"Don't.  Just don't talk right now, Washu," Ryoko said bitterly.  Washu took 
a step back like Ryoko had just punched her in the mouth.  She worked her 
jaw, trying to think of some way to talk to Ryoko but nothing came to mind.

"I want to be alone," Ryoko said in a flat voice.  Washu was worried that 
this would permanently effect Ryoko's mental stability.  She had just killed 
her daughter, whom she presumed to be dead, with her own hands.  Washu 
lowered her head and walked to the exit.

				*		*		*

Everyone was gathered in the living room, sipping on freshly made tea, 
hoping that someone would fill them in on the situation in the lab.  Washu 
dragged her feet as she entered the room and took a seat on the couch next 
to Tenchi.

"How is she?" he asked with concern.  Washu just shook her head and let out 
a chuckle.

"I don't know if she's going to come back from this.  She's so torn," Washu 
said quietly.

"Isn't there anything that can be done to help?" Tenchi asked, receiving 
agreement from the rest of the group.  Washu let out a sigh and lowered her 
head again.

"If she could spend one day with Takara and talk to her, that might 
he.l..p...," Washu said as she trailed off in thought.  She then jumped up 
from the couch and ran for the lab, leaving everyone in a cloud of 
confusion.

				*		*		*

Ryoko had left the lab and was now sitting at the edge of the lake, thinking 
about her life.  She lived a life with Takara, she was kidnapped and Ryoko 
believed her to be dead.  Then she was imprisoned by Kagato who striped her 
of what pride and free will she had.  She was released and was sot after as 
a criminal, and then started having dreams about Takara, just to have her 
show up when she was in a coma.  Then she finds her and ends up killing her 
with her own hands.

"Where's the irony in that?" Ryoko said bitterly as she chugged a small 
bottle of sake.  She has already drunk three to the head and was feeling a 
comfortable buzz but that's as far as she was going.  She called up a small 
dagger-length energy sword and looked at it as she thought of the pros and 
cons of killing herself.  After a moment, she shook her head and 
extinguished the blade, returned to her sake.  She was just going to have to 
drink the problem away for now.

					*		*		*

Washu worked in her lab all night and into the next night without showing 
her face.  She had closed the lab off to all people and Mihoshi couldn't 
even fumble her way in.  Everyone was worried about both her and Ryoko for 
they had both been pretty scarce since the night Takara was killed.

"When are they going to return to normal?" Sasami asked as she sat down to 
dinner with the remaining group.

"I don't know, Sasami.  I just hope it's soon," Tenchi said as he picked at 
his plate.  He was really worried about Ryoko and was praying that she 
wouldn't pull another stunt like she had when Takara showed up.

"Washu!" Sasami cried as the small scientist walked into the room with a 
very tired look on her face.

"Where's Ryoko?" she asked without even saying hello.

"We don't know, Washu.  Why don't you eat something?" Tenchi suggested but 
Washu only waved the food away.  She left the room as soon as she had 
entered and everyone looked at each other with worried expressions.  Tenchi 
got up and followed Washu out to the porch where she sat by herself, looking 
up at the stars.

"Washu, talk to me.  Is everything all right?" he asked as he placed a 
friendly hand on her shoulder.  She let out a sigh and looked at him.

"If I can find Ryoko, everything should be back to normal, but I need to 
find her," she said as she turned her gaze back to the stars.

"Why can't you just communicate with her through your link?" he asked.

"She's blocking me off.  I can't get through to her,"

"Well, maybe she's at the lake.  I know she likes to go there and drink sake 
all night.  You know her," Tenchi said as he gazed up at the stars with 
Washu.

"Tenchi?"

"Yeah?"

"Do you think you could come with me to look for her?  She might feel beter 
if you're there to comfort her," Washu asked.

"Of course I will.  I need to ask her something anyway," Tenchi said as he 
stood up, offering a hand to help Washu from her seat.

"And what would that be?" Washu asked with a happy grin on her face.  Tenchi 
smiled and removed the black box that every woman wants their love to show 
them.  Washu smiled and stood up, hugging Tenchi.

"Thank you, Tenchi, for making her so happy," she said as she let go and 
proceeded to walk with him.  They walked in silence for most of the way, 
just gazing up at the stars, hoping Ryoko was okay.

"Tenchi?  Can I asked you something?" Washu asked.

"What?"

"You're not going to change your mind, are you?"

"I would never change my mind about this.  I love her more than anyone else 
on this earth," he said without hesitation.  "Why?"

"It just makes me feel better hearing you say that.  I don't want her to get 
hurt.  It lets me know that there will always be someone to love her," Washu 
said as she small smile crossed her face.  They walked on in silence for a 
while before reaching the edge of the lake.  They looked around but saw no 
Ryoko.

"Where could she be?" Washu asked out loud.

"I'm right here," they heard her say from a nearby tree.  She slowly floated 
down to the ground and stood before them with a solemn look on her face.

"Ryoko, are you all right?  Everyone's been worried sick about you," Tenchi 
said as he walked over to her side.  She looked at him and gave him a fake 
smile.

"I'm fine," she lied.  Inside she was screaming out in pain and frustration. 
  Tenchi looked her in the eyes and she couldn't hold it in any more.  He 
wrapped his arms around her as she broke down in a fit of sobs.  He quietly 
shushed her as he stroked her long hair.  He held her close and was glad 
that she was safe and unharmed.

"I love you, Ryoko," he said quietly.  She only buried her face deeper into 
his chest as her sobs slowly died down.

"You mean more to me than anything else in my life, and I want to ask you 
something," he said as he raised her face to meet his.  Ryoko's heart 
pounded in her chest as she thought of what this question might be.  He 
pulled a small box from his pocket and opened it to reveal a diamond 
engagement ring.  The diamonds twinkled in the starlight which only enhanced 
it's beauty.  Tears ran down Ryoko's face as she heard him speak the words.

"Ryoko Habuki?  Will you be my wife?" he asked in a straight voice that 
didn't fit Tenchi at all.  Ryoko only stared at the ring and then at him.  
She smiled and nodded her head.  He smiled and stood up, placing the band on 
her finger.  He hugged her close as she cried tears of joy.  After a few 
moments, he raised her head and leaned in close to her face.

"You will always be my light when it's dark; you will always be my eyes when 
I can't see; you will always be my breath when I can't breath; you will 
always be hearts guide, but most of all, you will always be my one true love 
and I will love you until the day I die.  This I vow to you," he said in a 
whisper.  Tears formed in her eyes as he kissed her tenderly and lovingly on 
the lips.  They held each other for a while longer before they heard someone 
clear their throat.  They had both forgotten that Washu was even there.

"Ryoko, I have something for you back in the lab," Washu said.  Ryoko 
shuddered at the idea of going in their again after what had happened only a 
few days ago.

"I promise you that you'll like it," Washu said as she walked over to them.  
They all walked back in silence, afraid to say anything for fear of 
upsetting someone.  They reached the house and Tenchi walked in while Ryoko 
and Washu disappeared into the lab.  Washu walked over to a door to the side 
of the lab computer and opened it for Ryoko.  Ryoko hesitated before slowly 
making her way into the dark room, followed by the scientist.  The room was 
small and there stood a large dome shaped object in the middle of the room.  
Ryoko looked at it with questioning eyes, then looked at Washu.

"I made this specially for you," she said as she marveled at her own 
brilliance.  Ryoko only examined the machine, still not understanding.

"What is it?" she asked.

"It's a virtual reality machine.  Here, let me show you how it works," Washu 
said as she opened a door on the side of the dome.  Ryoko looked inside and 
say a chair that looked like something out of a dentist's office with gloves 
and a visor resting on the cushions.

"A virtual what?" Ryoko asked as she looked at the equipment.  Washu rolled 
her eyes and sighed before explaining it to her daughter.

"It's a virtual reality machine.  You put this equipment on and you can go 
anywhere," she said as she watched her daughter's reaction.  Ryoko only 
looked at Washu with curiosity in her eyes.

"Want to try it?" she asked, indicating the chair.  Ryoko hesitated again 
but reluctantly sat in the chair.  It was a lot more comfortable than she 
thought it was going to be and soon relaxed as Washu put the gloves on her 
lap.

"Put these on as well as the visor," she instructed and Ryoko obeyed without 
question this time.  She became a little agitated at the fact that the world 
was black.

"Think about where you want to be and who you want to be with," Washu said.  
Again, Ryoko hesitated, not knowing if it was a trick question or not.

"Don't limit yourself to the living Ryoko," Washu said slowly.  She knew who 
Ryoko was thinking about and was happy that she figured it out so soon.

"Close your eyes and relax, okay?" she said as she typed at the main console 
of the machine.  She turned at looked at Ryoko with a smile, glad that she 
could finally be happy.

				*		*		*

Ryoko wasn't sure what this was going to do, but she trusted Washu now that 
she proved herself trust-worthy.  She closed her eyes and thought about 
where she wanted to be and who she wanted to be with just like Washu 
instructed.  She waited patiently, not knowing when to open her eyes or what 
so she just lay there, waiting for more instructions.  After a moment, she 
felt something on her face.  It was warm and she immediately recognized it 
to be a breeze.  Like that of an open field on a nice day.

* Open your eyes, Ryoko * Washu said.  Ryoko took a deep breath and opened 
her eyes to see a vast blue sky and an open field of wild flowers, just like 
the one her and Takara caught butterflies in.  Ryoko took in the sight, 
enjoying the smell of the flowers, the cloudless sky and the chirping birds 
flying through the sky.  She looked around and stopped when she heard 
someone giggling behind her.  She slowly turned to see Takara standing with 
her hands behind her back.  Tears filled her eyes the second she saw the 
girl standing there, so innocent and fragile looking.

"Takara?" Ryoko said in disbelief as the little girl shifted her weight from 
one foot to another.  She held out her hand to reveal a bouquet of wild 
flowers before her.

"These are for you, mommy," she said in a sweet young voice, just like Ryoko 
remembered her.  Ryoko walked to her and kneeled in front of her and 
thankfully took the flowers and inhaled their sweet scent.  She looked at 
Takara who looked at her with love in her eyes.  Ryoko reached her arms out 
and pulled the little girl close to her and shed tears of joy when the 
little girl returned her hug with all her force.

"Come on, mommy.  Daddy's waiting for us," she said as she ran off giggling. 
Ryoko looked up and saw in the distance a man waiting for them.  As she made 
her way towards him, she recognized who it was.  Yushito.  Ryoko smiled and 
ran the rest of the way to him.  It was just now that she noticed she was 
dressed in a long, elegant white gown with a necklace of diamonds around her 
neck and on the crown on her head.

* Just like it use to be.  A picnic in the field while catching butterflies 
and gathering flowers * Ryoko though as she saw the blanket with food 
resting on it.

"My love," Yushito said as he held out a hand to her.  Ryoko looked at it 
for a long time, still not believing how real this all seemed.  She took 
Yushito's hand as he pulled her close to him.  She looked deep into his eyes 
and could see the love she use to see and felt the warmth of his touch.  Her 
dream came true.  She had longed to see her family again.  She longed to 
feel their touch, their embraces, to hear their voices again.

"Mommy mommy!  Lets go catch some butterflies!" Takara yelled happily.  
Ryoko smiled and followed her a little ways away where they could see the 
butterflies dancing in the flowers.  She knelt down and watched as Takara 
jumped, trying to catch a butterfly that flew past her without any luck.  
Yushito knelt down beside her and put an arm around her.  She hugged him and 
held up a finger for him to wait.  She slowly walked over to Takara and 
tapped her on the shoulder.  She looked at her and Ryoko smiled as she 
slowly held out a hand next to a butterfly that was perched on a flower.  
She slowly moved her fingers closer to encourage it to step onto her hand.  
It stood on her finger and she slowly moved it to Takara's face so she could 
see it.

"It's so pretty!"  Takara whispered, afraid that it would get spooked if she 
spoke too loud.  Its wings were silver with gold flecks of color in them.  
Takara giggled as it flew from her finger and danced on her nose.

* Thank you mom.  Thank you from the bottom of my heart *

				*		*		*

Washu watched with tears in her eyes as she saw how happy her daughter 
finally was.  This has already helped with her guilt and frustration.  She 
could finally be with her family.  Washu had taken memories of them from 
Ryoko's dreams and made simulation that would mold itself to anything Ryoko 
wanted it to do.

* Thank you mom.  Thank you from the bottom of my heart * she heard Ryoko 
tell her.  Washu wiped a tear from her eye as she realized that her daughter 
had a new found happiness.

*Anything for my little girl * Washu said to herself.  She didn't want to 
interrupt Ryoko.  Washu had made this room so only Ryoko and her could get 
into but she programmed the machine to work with only Ryoko.  This was the 
best thing she could think of to give to her daughter to show her it wasn't 
that bad.  She could get around this.  She heard someone come into the lab 
but made no effort to go see who it was.  She was enjoying watching her 
daughter and virtual reality granddaughter catch butterflies.

"Washu?" she heard Tenchi call.  She rolled her eyes and got up, walking to 
meet her soon-to-be son-in-law.  She opened the door to see Tenchi looking 
around the lab, scratching his head lightly.  He saw Washu and smiled at her 
as he walked over to her.

"Sorry to bother you, but I just watned to know if Ryoko was okay.  I know 
she was really upset earlier and I wanted to check on her," he said with 
concern.  Washu smiled as she thought of the feil of flowers and wild 
butterflies that Ryoko was enjoying.

"She's fine, Tenchi.  I think she's over it already," Washu said, still 
smiling.  Tenchi cocked his head slightly and eyed Washu.

"You sound so sure," he said mockingly.

"I am sure," she said as she indicated the door behind her.

"Where does that lead?" he asked nosily.  Washu chuckled and waved a finger 
in front of his face.

"That's no place for you, Tenchi," she said, still smiling.  Tenchi furrowed 
his brow as he though of the possibilities.

"Don't worry, Tenchi.  She's still your fiancé and you know that," she said, 
causing Tenchi to relax.

"Besides.  If she wanted sex, she would just go to your room," Washu said, 
folding her arms across her chest.  A very large sweatdrop appeared above 
Tenchi's head and he turned every shade of red under the sun.

"Well, uh, I gotta go, uh, sort my, uh, coin collection.  Yeah!  That's it! 
My coin collection!  See you later, Washu," he said as he stubbled to the 
door.  Washu smiled at his youth and wished she was that young again.  She 
shook her head and went back to the room behind her and found Ryoko enjoying 
a picnic lunch.  Washu was proud of her invention as well as her daughter.   
This was hers and hers alone.  Nothing was going to take this away from her. 
  Nothing.























