This is becoming a very long story! Almost all of these characters belong to 
ACI and Pioneer LDC, Inc. not me. One belongs to me and that's it!  I don't 
take any credit for the other characters.

Ryoko and Tenchi have a touching moment but are rudly interupted by a 
certain princess.  Washu tells Ryoko how she feels and vice versa.

Mistakes and Reunions	Part 8

All is told


Takara sat in the lab, looking at the monitors in front of her.  She had 
hacked into Washu's security system and now had access to her laptop and 
computers.  Right know, she was watching Ryoko sleep.  It had been so long 
since she had seen her but she still looks the same.

"Takara?" she heard someone say from her left.  She looked over and saw 
Washu leaning on the doorway of her room.

"Washu!  What are you doing out of bed?  You should be resting," Takara 
protested as she got up from the floating chair.

"How are you able to use my computers?" Washu asked in a weak yet curious 
voice.  She looked at Takara with a hard look.  Takara looked at the floor 
and thought for a moment.

"I don't know.  I think about it all the time, but I still can't figure out 
how I can do these things," she said softly as she continued to look at the 
floor.

"You hacked into my security system and you don't know how you did it?" 
Washu said.  It wasn't a question.

"I didn't say I don't know how I did it.  I said I didn't know how I knew 
how to do it," Takara repeated as she raised an eyebrow, figuring out what 
she just said.  She then shook her head as she got up, walking towards 
Washu.

"You should be in bed," Takara said as she stood in front of Washu.  Washu 
stood up but her legs wouldn't cooperate with her and she fell to the floor.

"Maybe you're right," she said in a defeated voice as Takara helped her to 
her feet.

"Come on," Takara said as she lead her to the bed.

"You were watching Ryoko.  You're worried about her, aren't you?" Washu said 
as Takara turned to leave.   She stopped but kept her back facing Washu.

"I am worried about her.  Just like you," Takara said as she stood there 
with her back to Washu.  Washu thought about this and nodded her head as she 
realized that it was true.

"She'll be ok.  Don't worry about her anymore.  You have a lot to think 
about," Washu said as she closed her eyes.  Takara knew that she was right 
about Ryoko.  Her mother would recover and so would Washu.  She thought that 
playing stupid would help but she found that it made things more difficult.  
She had always been a prodigy child.  Now that she was older, she knew 
almost as much as Washu did.  Yukio knew that she was a potential genius and 
he honed her skills.  He was her teacher and her trainer.  She was smart, 
but Washu had special equipment that only he could use.  Takara turned and 
looked at Washu.  She had fallen asleep and Takara couldn't help but smile 
at her.  She looked so young and innocent as she slept quietly.

"There is more to me than meets the eye, Washu," Takara said quietly before 
leaving the room.

					*		*		*

Tenchi slowly walked up the stairs, headed for Ryoko's room.  He wanted to 
make sure she was ok.  He opened the door and peeked in.  Ryoko was sound 
asleep on the bed with her head turned away from him.  He closed the door 
and put the chair next to the bed and sat down.  He watched her steady 
breathing and smiled at her.  He loved her so much and there was so much 
that he wanted to tell her.  He was just happy she was ok.  That's all that 
mattered to him right now.  Tenchi let out a slow sigh as he watched the 
sleeping pirate.  Ryoko stirred in her sleep and rolled her head over in his 
direction.

"...Tenchi..." she mumbled in her sleep.  Tenchi couldn't help but smile at 
the fact that she was dreaming of him.  He leaned in close to her face and 
kissed her very lightly on the forehead.  A smile touched her lips as he 
drew his head back.  He brushed the hair out of her face and admired her 
angel-like expression.  He had watched her sleep before, when she wasn't 
watching him sleep.  Out of all the times he had watched her, she had never 
looked this innocent.  He almost didn't like it.  It wasn't her.  He knew 
that she was no angel.

* She would have made a beautiful angel, though * Tenchi thought to himself 
as he stared at her.  She started to move around again and rested on her 
side, facing him.  He suddenly felt uncomfortable in his position.  He would 
be the first thing she saw if she woke up, which wasn't a bad thing but he 
didn't want to wake her up.  He quietly got up from his chair and looked 
down at her.  She mumbled his name again as she slept quietly.  He couldn't 
help himself and leaned down, kissing her on the forehead again but before 
he could pull away, her eyes shot open and looked at him in surprise.

"Ryoko!  I'm sorry!  I didn't mean to wake you up!" Tenchi said quietly as 
he knelt down next to the bed.

"It's ok, Tenchi," she said sleepily as she rubbed her eyes.  She stretched 
and yawned and Tenchi watched her with a smile.  She then opened her eyes 
and looked at him.  He could see himself in her cat-like eyes.

"Ryoko, there's something I need to tell you," he said as he sat back down.  
Ryoko lifted herself up on one arm and looked at him with a tilted head.

"What is it, Tenchi?" she asked in a sweet voice.  He looked at her and got 
lost in her beautiful eyes.  He looked away and tried to think of a way to 
tell her how he felt.

"Ryoko...I...," he started.  "I'm glad you're ok," he said.  Ryoko gave him 
a look of disappointment as he finished his sentence.

"Thank you, Tenchi," Ryoko said in a slightly disappointed voice.  She 
wanted him to say more.  Tenchi knew what she wanted him to say.  He didn't 
know why he didn't tell her how he felt.  What was he afraid of?  Being 
turned down?  He knew how Ryoko felt about him.

"Ryoko, there is something else," he said as he watched her look at him 
again.

"What is it this time?" she asked.

"Ryoko, I know how you feel about me," he said as he looked at her.  She 
looked down at the bed as he spoke, unable to meet his gaze for fear that 
she would start blushing if she did.

"Ryoko, I need to tell you that, I feel the same way about you," he said in 
a slow and caring voice.  Ryoko snapped her head up and looked at him in 
surprise.

"Tenchi?" she asked in an amazed voice.

"It's true Ryoko.  I've loved you since I first meet you.  I'm just not the 
type to express my feelings so openly," he said as he looked deep into her 
eyes.  Tears started to form in her eyes as she listened to Tenchi speak.  
He sat next to her on the bed and put an arm around her.

"When I saw you on the side of the road, I thought I was going to die," 
Tenchi said in a soft voice.  "I was so worried."  Ryoko snuggled up to him 
as he told her these things.  Tenchi tightened his grip around her and spoke 
softly into her ear.

"I don't ever want to loose you Ryoko," Tenchi said as he thought of life 
without her.  He stroked her hair and held her close, as if someone was 
going to take her out of his arms.  They sat that that for a long while 
before they finally looked at each other.

"I love you, Tenchi," Ryoko said in a whisper.

"I love you too, Ryoko," Tenhci whispered back as he smiled warmly at her.  
They locked gazes for a moment before Ryoko leaned up, kissing him softly on 
the lips.  She slowly slipped her tongue into his mouth, enjoying the taste.

"You should get your rest," Tenchi said as the kiss broke.

"Please don't leave, Tenchi," she said as she wrapped her arms around his 
waist.

"But you need-" Tenchi started but he was cut off by Ryoko's finger to his 
lips.

"Please, Tenchi?" she pleaded with him.  He could see the need in her eyes.  
He couldn't help but pull her in for another kiss.  Ryoko slowly pushed 
Tenchi back on the bed until he was under her.

"Ryoko, we really shouldn't do this.  You need your rest," Tenchi protested 
as Ryoko kissed his neck.  She looked up at him and stared him in the eye.

"Tenchi, believe me.  I'm okay.  Please believe me," she said as she cuddled 
up next to him.  "Please.  I need this.  I need you."  Tenchi thought for a 
long moment and then realized that he wanted her.  He lifted her head to 
meet his gaze and stared into her eyes.  He smiled and kissed her deeply.  
Tenchi could feel her raise herself higher on his body and felt her place 
her hands on his cheeks, holding his head in place.  He slowly drew his 
hands up and down her sides, teasing her by lightly brushing her hardening 
nipples, causing her to let out a low moan.  He lowered his hands to the 
base of her shirt and slowly slid it up towards her shoulders, causing her 
to shiver with pleasure.  She broke the kiss only to lift her arms up, 
allowing Tenchi to remove the T-shirt all together.  He stared up at her 
full breasts as she sat on top of him.  She then lowered her body to meet 
his face again and rested her cheek on his.

"You can have me if you want, Tenchi," she whispered as she slowly started 
to rub up and down on his growing erection.  She moved her head to meet his 
lips and they kissed passionatly as Tenchi explored her every curve.  She 
sat up and pulled him with her, removing his shirt in the process.  She 
moved her hands up and down his chest and stopped at his pants.  She looked 
at him with love in her eyes as she lowered herself to his waistline.  
Tenchi leaned back and smiled as he thought of what she was going to do 
next.  She slowly removed his pants, teasing him the whole time.  All she 
could do was stare at his manhood when she finished removing his under 
garments.

"Oh, Tenchi!  You're....," she started but was unable to come up with the 
words.  She looked at him and gave him a sly grin before leaning down, 
licking up the length of his erection.  Tenchi's breath caught in his throat 
as she teased his head with her tongue.

"Oh God, Ryoko.  Don't stop," he moaned as he placed his hands on the top of 
her head, gently pushing her down on his cock.  Ryoko greatfuly slid Tenchi 
into her mouth, enjoying the pleasure of his hardness.  She could feel him 
growing hard in her mouth and quickened her pace.

"ooohhh...Ryoko...that feels so good," Tenchi said breathlessly as Ryoko 
continued to move him in and out of her mouth.  Tenchi's breath stopped 
completely when she deep throated his cock, gently sucking on it as she 
removed it from her mouth.

"Oh my GOD!!" Tenchi moaned as he cam in her mouth.

"Was it good?" she asked as she wiped Tenchi's cum off of her chin.  He 
looked at her with astonishment as she drew closer to his face.  She kissed 
him and started to rub her wet sex on his cock, trying to get him hard 
again.

"That was the best, but I can't let you do all the work," Tenchi said, 
breaking the kiss.  Ryoko grinned at him as he kissed her neck, slowly 
worked his way down.  He stopped at her breasts and licked around the 
nipples, causing Ryoko to issue small cries of pleasure.

"Oh Tenchi," she moaned as he made his way down.  He stopped at her belly 
button and licked around it, causing Ryoko to shiver.  He looked up at her 
as she sat on all fours.  He then slowly began to run his fingers slowly 
over her pussy.

"Oh Tenchi!  Please don't tease me like that!" she cried as he lowered 
himself the rest of the way.  He was now underneath her with her pussy 
inches from his face.  He took a deep breath, savoring her scent before 
gently licking her sencetive spots.  He could feel her body tense at the 
sensation.  This only encouraged him to venture deeper within her.  He found 
her opening and licked at it with slow, drawn out licks.

"ooh...Tenchi...aahhh...that feels...so good!" Ryoko moaned loudly as she 
rocked her hips in Tenchi's face.  Tenchi then pushed two of his fingers 
into her dripping pussy and started to slowly push them in and out.  He 
couldn't help it anymore.  She smelt so good, so sweet.  He licked from his 
fingers all the way up until he found what he was looking for.  He heard 
Ryoko gasp as he licked at her clit.

"Ooooh Tenchi!  Oooohhhhhh.....OOOOOOHHHHHH, Tenchi!!!" Ryoko cried as she 
shoved her face in the pillow so she wouldn't draw the attention of the rest 
of the household.  Tenchi could feel his fingers geting wetter by the second 
so he quicked his pace, darting his tongue back and forth across her clit, 
causing her to cry out in pleasure.  Before she reach her climax, he stopped 
and looked up at her.

"Tenchi?" she asked, slightly upset at the fact that he stopped.  Before she 
had a chance to turn around and look at her, he was kneeling behind her, 
doggy-style.

"Is this okay with you?" he asked as he kissed her lower back.  Ryoko smiled 
at him and turned her head back around.  She brushed her ass against his 
hardening member, telling him her answer.  With out a moments hesitation, 
Tenchi guided himself to her dripping pussy and slowly slid into her.  
Ryoko's breath caught in her throat and every muscle in her body tensed as 
Tenchi pushed himself deeper withing her.

"OOOOOHHHHH Tenchi!  AAAAAAHHHHHH," Ryoko cried as she could feel her climax 
drawing near again.  Tenchi let out low grunts with every thrust and was 
soon rock hard inside her.

"AAAHHHH!  Harder!" Ryoko moaned.  Tenchi obayed and thrust deeper and 
harder into her.  Ryoko's breath caught in her throat and her face twisted 
into a silent scream as she reached her climax.  Tenchi wasn't far behind 
and let out a long, deep moan as he released his seed deep within her.  
Ryoko collapsed onto the bed as Tenchi removed his cock from her wetness.  
He laid down next to her with an arm wrapped around her and kissed her 
gently on the cheek.  She looked over at him and smiled.

"I love you, Tenchi," she said in a soft voice.

"I love you too," Tenchi said as he kissed her on the lips.

"How do you feel?" Tenchi asked with a sly grin on his face.  Ryoko looked 
at him with love in her eyes and smiled at him.

"Wonderful," she said as she laid her head in his chest, listening to his 
heart.  Before she knew it, she was asleep and dreaming of Tenchi.

				*		*		*

Ayeka and Sasami sat on the couch for a while before deciding to go to bed.  
They slowly walked up the stairs but Ayeka stopped in front of Tenchi's 
door.  He had been up here for a long time.

"What is it, Ayeka?" Sasami asked as she looked at her sister.

"You go ahead, Sasami.  I'm going to check on Tenchi to make sure he's ok," 
Ayeka said as she walked to his door.  Sasami nodded and went to their room. 
  Ayeka politely knocked on the door and was a little puzzled when she 
received no answer.  She slid the door open a crack and saw that Tenchi 
wasn't in his room.

"Where could he be?" she said to herself as she closed his door.  She 
thought for a moment and then went to check Ryoko's room.  She figured he 
went to check on her.  She put her ear to the door but didn't hear anything 
so she slid it open a little.  Her eyes widened as she saw the two asleep on 
the bed.  Tenchi had his arm wrapped around Ryoko as she slept with her head 
on his chest.  The worst part was that Ryoko no longer had her T-shirt on 
and Tenchi, as well, was undressed.  Ayeka only stood there, dumbfounded at 
the fact that Tenchi would agree to this.

"RYOKO!!!!!" Ayeka screamed, waking them up from thier peacful sleep.  
Ryoko's head shot around to see a very fumed Ayeka in her doorway.

"Ayeka?! Wha-"

"WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU"RE DOING!!!!! GET OFF TENCHI RIGHT NOW!!!!" Ayeka 
screamed again as she stood there.  Her whole body was visably shaking with 
anger.  Ryoko looked over at a very red Tenchi.

"uhh....Ayeka?  Do you think-"

"Tenchi, I don't know what she did to you but I'll take care of this!  Ryoko 
has no right to take advantage of you like that!"  Ayeka yelled, cutting 
Tenchi off.  By now, the whole house was awake and crowding behind Ayeka to 
see what was going on.

"Ayeka, please.  Can I get dressed first?" Tenchi said as he slowly sat up, 
using Ryoko as cover.  Ryoko only looked over her shoulder at Ayeka with a 
blank face.  She was mad at the fact that she barged in here uninvited and 
accused her of taking advantage of Tenchi, but she also felt bad about the 
situation.  She knew how she would feel if she walked in on Ayeka and Tenchi 
together like this and she would never wish that on anyone.  Not even Ayeka.

"Ryoko, what were you thinking?  How did you manage this?  I know Tenchi 
would never love a demon like you, no matter how bad he felt for you!  You 
are a demon, not a human!  Tenchi needs someone who will be able to provide 
him with a life he deserves to live and as far as I can see, you aren't the 
right one for him!" Ayeka raved as she drew closer to the bed.  Ryoko only 
looked at her with the same blank expression.

"Ayeka!  How can you say that?" Tenchi argued.

"What's going on here?" Washu asked as she made her way to the open doorway. 
  She heard the screaming even from inside her lab and she could feel 
Ryoko's mixed emotions.  She walked in and her eyes widened as she saw the 
two on the bed.

"Well well.  What do we have here?" she said as she raised an eyebrow at her 
daughter.  Ryoko, however, never took her eyes off the princess standing 
next to her mother.

"Ayeka, will you calm down?" Tenchi said as he reached for his boxer shorts 
and pants.

"No I will not calm down!  What she did to you was wrong, Tenchi and you 
know it!  So how did she do it?  Did she drug you?  Did she use on of 
Washu's contraptions to get you into bed with her?" Ayeka shouted as she got 
ready for a battle.  Ryoko however looked at the floor not saying a word.

"Ayeka, you have no right to accuse Ryoko of-"

"But Tenchi!  She took advantage of you!  While she was injured!!"  Ayeka 
schouted.  Washu put her hands over her ears, due to the loudness of Ayeka's 
voice and her migraine.

"Ryoko, this is unforgivable.  You are going to have to pay for what you 
have done!" Ayeka continued as she advanced towards the bed before being 
stopped buy Washu's hand on her arm.

"Ayeka, will you just shut up for a minute!" Washu yelled as she rubbed her 
temple with her free hand.  Ayeka looked at her with surprise at the 
harshness in her voice.  She let go of the princess' arm and looked at the 
Tenchi, who already had his pants on.  Ryoko sat there with the covers 
wrapped around her, with her eyes on the floor.

"Tenchi, I'd ask what happened but right now, I'm not really that 
interested.  That was between you and Ryoko.  I had nothing to do with it," 
Washu said as she shot a glance at Ayeka, letting her know that this was 
more of Tenchi's decicion than her doing.  She turned her gaze back to Ryoko 
and knew that she had to talk to her but not in front of everyone like this.

* Ryoko, what were you thinking? * Washu said throught their link.  Ryoko 
only looked at the floor and didn't answer.

* Ryoko, I'm talking to you?  What were you thinking?  You go out on this 
fling with a stranger, almost get yourself killed, and now this.  You never 
think things through, Ryoko.  I thought I did a better job on my creation 
than this! * Washu said.  She watched Ryoko's blank expression transform 
into an expression of hurt.  She looked up at her mother with tears in her 
eyes.

* Washu, I know what you did to try and save me.  After what I did, I don't 
think I really deserve the kind of treatment you gave me. I'm sorry for what 
I did but I know that won't change anything.
I'm sorry  * Ryoko said.  Washu looked at her with anger on her face but 
when she saw the hurt and sorrow in her daughters eyes, she couldn't help 
but feel bad for what she had said to her.  Everyone looked at the two, 
knowing that they were speaking throught their link and waited patiently for 
something to happen.

* I'm sorry, mom * Ryoko said as she looked back at the floor.  Washu's eyes 
instantly started to tear at the sound of her daughter's voice.  She had 
never heard Ryoko sound like this before.

"Ryoko," Washu said as she watched her daughter's lip start to quiver.  She 
walked over to the pirate and sat next to her, wrapping her arms around her. 
  Ryoko leaned on her mother's shoulder and started to sob.

"I'm sorry," she repeated over and over as she sobbed.  Washu couldn't hold 
the tears back any more and started to cry with her daughter.

"I didn't mean what I said, Ryoko," she said after the sobs died down.  
Ryoko only hugged her mother, letting her know that it was okay.  That she 
understood that she was mad at her.  Washu looked up as she felt a hand rest 
on her shoulder.  Tenchi stood over them with curiosity in his eyes.

"Washu?  Ryoko?" he said in a soft, gentle voice.  Washu stood up and looked 
at Tenchi with a serious face.

"Tenchi, what happened?" she asked.  Tenchi looked at Ryoko and then the 
others.

"Well...uhh...you see," Tenchi stammered as he tried to find the right 
words.  Ryoko looked at him with red eyes, waiting for him to say something. 
  He looked at her and a smiled crept across his face.

"I love her.  I love her with all my heart and I always have," he said as he 
stared into her eyes.  Tears started to fall from Ryoko's eyes again as she 
heard the love in Tenchi's voice.

"What!!?" Ayeka yelled, causing everyone to cringe.  They were all caught up 
in the moment that they forgot that she was there.  Ayeka stood there, 
wide-eyed and hurt by Tenchi's words.

"Ayeka, I'm sorry.  I love her.  She didn't do anything to me to get me to 
be with her.  It was my choice as much as it was hers," Tenchi said as he 
looked t the upset princess.

"But Tenchi," she said in a soft voice, unable to comprehend what he was 
telling her.  He walked over to her and stood in front of her.

"Ayeka, please understand.  You are a very dear friend of mine, but that's 
it.  Ryoko has always meant more to me.  I was just afraid of letting you 
know for fear of hurting you," Tenchi said in a gentle voice.  Tears ran don 
Ayeka's cheeks as he spoke.  Tenchi put his arms around Ayeka and let her 
cry on his shoulder.

"I'm sorry," he said.  He was surprised that he really didn't feel hurt by 
her tears.  He looked over at Ryoko and smiled at her, letting her know that 
he loved her.  She looked back at him with a slight smile on her face.

"Oh no! I left Takara by herself!" Washu said as she ran out the door.  
Everyone watched as the small scientist ran out of the room and down the 
stairs.

"What?" Sasami asked as she heard her friend's name being mentioned.  She 
followed Washu and everyone else followed Sasami.  Tenchi let go of Ayeka 
and watched as she walked after her sister.  He turned around and saw a look 
of confusion and shock on Ryoko's face.

"Ryoko?" he asked as he sat down next to her.  She looked at him and 
furrowed her eyebrows.

"Takara?"

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

There is a lot more to go to this story.  Hope you like it so far.  I hate 
when I start to read a good story and then all of a sudden, it turns into 
crap.  Tell me if that is happening.  Mail me at 
ryoko_washu2222@hotmail.com.  Thanks!!

































* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
There it is. Another chapter complete. Sorry to leave you hanging! What is 
Kagato up to? Read the next one to come and find out! All comments, good or 
bad, are welcome. Mail me at ryoko_washu2222@hotmail.com. Don't be shy! Tell 
me what you think!















