Disclaimer time. Almost all of these characters belong to ACI and Pioneer 
LDC, Inc. They do not belong to me except for a couple of them. Please don't 
sue me! Now that that's done, we can continue with the description of the 
story as well as any warnings I decide to put in here.
						 WARNING
This has no hard-core sex scenes in it but it does have scenes of attempted 
rape. It's not really that in depth and really nothing to worry about, but I 
thought I would warn you. If this kind of thing offends you, STOP READING! 
Don't take offense and then chew my ass out about it. I gave you fair 
warning! It's your own fault if you don't read this 
warning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I'm angiesangel and this story is about how Ryoko is kidnapped and misses 
the carnival in Tokyo. Washu is patiently waiting for her daughter to return 
home on her own. Something terrible happens though.

Mistakes and Reunions	Part 5

Big Trouble

Tenchi stormed down the hallway towards Washu's lab, hoping he'd find her 
there. He had thought about it and decided he was going to find Ryoko. She 
had been gone for way too long. One night was nothing for Ryoko. She did it 
all the time, but two nights in a row, soon to be three? Something was wrong 
and Tenchi knew it.
"Washu!" Tenchi yelled as he entered the dark lab. Washu was at one of her 
screens, typing in commands like there was no tomorrow. She spun around and 
looked at Tenchi as he walked over to her.

"Washu, where is Ryoko?" Tenchi asked urgently. Washu just continued to look 
at her screen, ignoring Tenchi.

"Washu, I'm talking to you!" Tenchi screamed in anger as he stood next to 
her small form. "WHERE IS SHE!!??"

"Why Tenchi?" Washu asked. "Tonight is the night we are going to the 
carnival in Tokyo. You can't possibly go looking for her," Washu said as she 
looked at Tenchi. She didn't seem upset at Ryoko's absence. Deep down 
inside, though, she was screaming at herself for not going to look for Ryoko 
herself. Despite the things Ryoko did, she was worried. She hasn't been able 
to locate Ryoko and she could no longer use her psychic link with her. This 
scared Washu more than anything.

"Washu, I have to find her," Tenchi pleaded. "She's been gone for too long." 
She could see the worry in his eyes but she wasn't going to help. Not 
tonight at least. She just shook her head and looked him square in the eye.

"Tenchi, Ryoko will come home when she feels like it. Now if you'll excuse 
me, I have to finish inputting this data and get ready for the carnival," 
Washu said as she turned back to her computer. Tenchi could feel the anger 
growing in his face as she worked.

"Washu, don't you care? I mean, she's your daughter!" Tenchi yelled. Washu 
was hurt by Tenchi's words. The pain of reality stung her like a thousand 
bees. She shot him a quick glance, hopping he didn't see the pained look on 
her face.

"Tenchi, my little Ryoko has to learn some lessons on life. If she gets 
herself into trouble than she's going to have to get out of it on her own," 
Washu snapped. It hurt her deeply to say this but she didn't have a choice. 
She knew what kind of trouble Ryoko was in too. The worst part was that she 
couldn't find Ryoko; therefore she couldn't help her. Tenchi was taken back 
by the harshness of her voice. "Now can you please leave me be? I have a lot 
of work to do." Tenchi stormed out of the room and left Washu to her work.

"I'm sorry Tenchi. You couldn't possibly understand how worried I am about 
her," Washu said to herself as she looked at the data on her screen. She 
wasn't having any luck locating her lost daughter, which is what she was in 
the process of doing when Tenchi stormed in. It was almost like she had 
disappeared into thin air. She wasn't going to let people know that the 
greatest scientific genius in the universe couldn't find her own daughter 
who she had a psychic link with, so that's why she made it sound like she 
didn't care. Washu rubbed her eyes and decided to get ready for the 
carnival. Maybe it would help take her mind off of Ryoko for a little while.

					*		*		*

Everyone piled in to the van as the sun started to go down. Noboyuki had 
taken out a seat because of his work so the van wasn't big enough to seat 
everyone comfortably.  Sasami had to sit on her sister's lap and Washu had 
to sit on Tenchi's lap, which made Ayeka very upset. Washu hardly said a 
word as they left for the city.

"Everyone ready?" Noboyuki asked as he pulled out of the driveway. Everyone 
let out a cheer of excitement in reply. Washu and Tenchi just looked out the 
window. They were both thinking the same thing. Where was Ryoko?  Washu let 
out a sigh as they passed a field of cherry trees in full bloom. They were 
Ryoko's favorite. Tenchi could tell what Washu was thinking and let out a 
sigh of his own.

<I really hope she's ok> Tenchi thought as they drove along the dirt road. 
<How could Washu be so calm about this? This is her daughter we're talking 
about!> Tenchi thought angrily. He knew they didn't get along as well as 
they should, but he knew how Washu felt. He could see it on her face every 
time Ryoko yelled at her for ruining her life. Washu put her head in her 
hand as she sat on Tenchi's lap. She had been so involved in other 
experiments that she didn't have time to make Noboyuki a bigger van. Also, 
the fact that everyone pleaded with her not to make anymore inventions for 
the house probably sapped her motivation. Everyone knew how her experiments 
worked out.

"MIHOSHI!!" Kiyone screamed. Everyone looked over to see Mihoshi with her 
elbow on the power window button. The window was all the way down and 
everyone yelled at her to roll it up because Noboyuki had the A/C on.  Not 
to mention it was blowing things all around the inside of the van.

"I can't!" said the blonde as tears started to form in her eyes at 
everyone's yelling.

"Whose bright idea was it to give this bimbo a window seat?" yelled Kiyone, 
trying to be heard over the blast from the window. This was going to be a 
long trip.
					*		*		*
Ryoko rolled her head from side to the side as she woke up from her 
unconscious state. The room slowly came into focus as she stared at the 
ceiling.

"Sleeping Beauty finally awakes," chuckled a man standing in the room. Ryoko 
didn't know where he was exactly. All she knew was that it was poorly light 
and that she wasn't alone. She tried to lift her hand to her throbbing head 
but realized she was tied down. At that moment, she was fully awake and 
staring into the cold dark eyes of a stranger looming over her. She then 
realized that she was strapped to a bed. Her head swam as she tried to make 
sense of the situation. The man looked her up and down as she lay on the 
bed. Ryoko noticed that she was naked and spread eagle on the bed. She 
started to struggle with her restraints that were holding her arms and legs 
but to no prevail.

"It's ok. We won't hurt you............too bad," another man chuckled. This 
voice came from the corner of the room. Ryoko could feel the anger flowing 
through her body as she lay there. Her anger and her fear clouded her 
thoughts completely.

"LET ME GO!!" she screamed as the men laughed. Her anger was building but 
there was nothing she could do. Her anger was there, but her energy wasn't. 
She also knew that the drugs she had taken weakened her powers. To what 
extent, she didn't know. At this point, she was almost completely 
defenseless.

                 			*		*		*

As they reached the city, everyone's eyes light up at the sight of all the 
excitement. They had to take a bus to the place were the carnival was being 
held. They paid for their tickets and boarded the bus. Noboyuki sat next to 
Yosho, Ayeka sat next to Sasami even though she wanted to sit next to 
Tenchi, Mihoshi sat next to Kiyone and Tenchi sat next to Washu. He decided 
it was best to stay with Washu in case anything important happened.  Washu 
took the window seat and peered at the scenery as the bus started to move.

"Washu?" Tenchi whispered as he leaned over. Washu just continued to look 
out the window. Tenchi could see how upset she was and all his thoughts of 
her not caring about her lost daughter fled his mind. He put a hand on her 
shoulder and she looked at him.

"Washu, I want to apologize for how I blew up earlier. It's not your fault 
she left," Tenchi said as he looked reassuringly at Washu. She looked at her 
hands and closed her eyes. She slowly shook her head and looked back out the 
window.

"It is. She's doing all of this to spite me," she said slowly, as if she 
wasn't sure if she was using the right words. Tenchi looked at her and 
frowned.

"You're talking about that man she's seeing?" Tenchi asked in a bitter 
voice. Washu sighed and looked out the window a long time before nodding her 
head. There was something she wasn't telling him.

"Washu? Is there something you're not telling me?" Tenchi asked, surprised 
at his nosiness. Washu just looked out the window without responding. She 
had no intention of telling him about the drugs that were involved.  Tenchi 
decided that it was best to leave this topic for another time.
					*		*		*
Ryoko lay there, helpless as the man with the dark eyes touched her naked 
body. He ran his fingers all over her, starting at her chin and ending 
between her legs. Her body tensed at his cold touch. He could sense her fear 
but it only encouraged him. Ryoko could feel tears of anger and fear forming 
in her eyes.

"I said let me GO!!!" she screamed again as his hands wandered over her 
body. He just laughed as she struggled with her restraints. She cursed 
herself for not listening to Washu. It's just that Ken was at the right 
place at the right time. He fooled her into believing he was a nice guy who 
cared, but she was now paying for her ignorance. Her fear gave way to a new 
wave of feelings. Humiliation. Embarrassment. Fury. She was lying wide open 
for these men and she couldn't think of anything to get away. Ryoko closed 
her eyes as the dark-eyed man continued tracing her with his hand, ignoring 
her demands. He then leaned over and kissed her neck. Tears of anger and 
hatred fell from her eyes as he kissed her.

"This is going to be good," whispered the man who was kissing her. His head 
was inches away from the side of her face as he whispered in her ear. She 
could smell his sour breath as he moved closer to her face. With out 
warning, Ryoko swung her head over and bit down hard on his ear. She could 
taste the coppery taste of his blood as he screamed in pain. She was 
reluctant to let go though. He then brought his fist down hard on her rib 
cage and she let out a shout of pain as she felt something crack under the 
force in his blow. He pulled back and cupped his wounded ear. She could feel 
his blood running down her chin as she coughed, trying to recover from the 
blow. The man looked at his bloodied hand and then at her with wild eyes.

"You stupid bitch!" he shouted as he punched her in the face, splitting her 
eyebrow open. Warm blood flowed down the side of her face and into her eye 
as she blinked away the tears. Her anger was at full throttle now. She 
looked back at him with fury in her tear filled eyes. She fought with her 
restraints even though it was useless. The more she struggled, the tighter 
they became. Her wrists and ankles were raw from the tightening straps. The 
other men in the room just stood and watched the scene unfold. Ryoko closed 
her eyes and tried to concentrate on her powers. The more she concentrated, 
the stronger they became. The dark-eyed man got on top of her and put his 
face close to hers. He stared at her with blood dripping off of his ear. 
Ryoko never opened her eyes.

"So. You think you're tough, huh?" he asked as he brought another fist down 
on her ribs. Ryoko saw sparks flying behind her closed eyes as the pain 
raced through her chest. He just laughed at her pain and grabbed her neck.

"I would love to snap you in two, but I better leave that for the boss," he 
said with a slight grin on his face. He shook her violently to get her to 
open her eyes. Ryoko could feel her powers coming back to her despite the 
pain she was in. She opened her eyes to see him started to unzip his pants, 
but Ryoko was determined to ruin his plans. She then thanked whatever god 
was watching over her as she dematerialized into the bed. The man sat there 
with a shocked and confused look on his face. She let out a small chuckle as 
they looked around in confusion.

"Where the hell did she go?" he said as he looked around the room. Ryoko 
then appeared in the far corner of the room with her red and black battle 
suit on. She was ready to make them pay for their actions even though she 
had no strength.

<I barely have any power left> she thought as she stood there, staring at 
the man with a slight grin in her face. <Let's just hope no one else decides 
to join the party.>

Before she had time to react, the man closest to her stabbed at her with a 
knife he had strapped to his leg. Ryoko barely jumped out of the way in time 
to dodge his attack. She then sent an energy ball flying in his direction. 
The man was paralyzed with fear as the blast hit him in the stomach. His 
comrades just stood there with stupid looks of surprise on their faces. 
After a very brief pause, they were running at her.

<This is bad> she thought as she defended herself from their attacks. After 
that energy blast, she had no power left. She couldn't even call on her 
energy sword. She had to fight them with her bare hands.

"Come on guys! Surely you can do better than that!" Ryoko laughed as she 
lifted both men off the ground and threw them head on into the wall. She 
could feel her muscles getting weak and a sharp pain flashed through her 
chest as she fell to one knee. The door behind her opened and she spun 
around to she three new men standing in the doorway.

<Shit!> she thought as they ran to attack her. She jumped out of the way of 
the first attacker but the second one was right on top of her. He held her 
arms and kicked her in the gut three times before she collapsed on the 
floor, gasping for breath. She could feel her lungs filling with fluid as 
she coughed. He smiled at her and then kicked her in the ribs, causing a few 
more of them to break. Ryoko curled up in the fetal position trying to block 
him as he continued to kick her.

"HEY!!" someone shouted, causing the man to stop what he was doing. They all 
looked over at the source of the voice. Ryoko turned her head and winced in 
pain as she struggled to see who had come in the room. It was the short man 
from Ken's apartment.

"What do you think you're doing?" he asked his men in a high-pitched voice.

"Well, uh, you see boss sh-"

"Shut up! I don't want to hear your excuses," he said cutting them off. He 
then turned his gaze towards a very hurt and very pissed Ryoko. She closed 
her eyes and concentrated on her healing powers but they weren't responding. 
She had to get out of here before they killed her. Go figure. Mortal men 
killing someone like Ryoko. She couldn't help but issue a small laugh at her 
own misfortune.

"And what's so funny?" the man asked as he loomed over her. Ryoko opened her 
eyes and looked at him but didn't answer his question. He looked over at the 
man implanted in the wall and his jaw dropped. Ryoko could now clearly see 
the fury in his face as he looked at his dead bodyguard. His gaze then went 
to the two unconscious men on the floor. He looked back at Ryoko and kneeled 
down in front of her.  Ryoko lifted her head slightly and spit blood in the 
man's face.  He calmly wiped away the saliva mixed blood dripping down his 
nose and then looked at Ryoko with anger.

"Why you ungrateful bitch," he said in a calm voice. He shook his head and 
looked at the ground. "The boss was right.  You are quite a handful." Ryoko 
was taken back a little by the comment.  Who could their boss be and how did 
he know her?  Never the less, she was happy to feel her powers growing again 
as she lay there. It wasn't much but it was enough to get her ass out of 
there and back to the house. She knew she couldn't take them in her current 
condition.

"He had big plans for you but I can't allow you to do this to my men," he 
said as he looked at his fallen men. "The boss will be mad, but he's going 
to have to deal with it.  No one does this to me without paying the price," 
he finished as he got up and walked towards the door. She cried out in pain 
as she slowly made her way up onto her feet. She stood there and looked at 
the man in the doorway. Without a word of warning, he spun around and fired 
a gun in her direction. The blast rang through Ryoko's ears as she stood 
there in the corner of the room. The man smiled as he saw Ryoko's reaction 
to the blast. He walked out of the room and left the other men to take care 
of her. Ryoko then felt a dull pain in her stomach and it was growing 
stronger. She was scared to look down for fear of what she might find. She 
knew what she would find.  She closed her eyes and lowered a hand and placed 
in on where the pain was coming from. She felt something warm flowing from 
her stomach and then raised her hand until it was in front of her face. She 
opened her eyes and saw blood dripping off of her fingers. She then 
concentrated the rest of her powers together once more and disappeared 
before the bodyguards could finish her off.
					*		*		*
<What's happening to me?> Ryoko thought as she appeared on the dirt road 
leading to the house. Her powers had failed her completely. She could barely 
stand up on her own. She put a hand on her wounded stomach and she could 
feel the blood oozing out of it in a steady flow. Ryoko then felt a feeling 
she hasn't felt since her life with Kagato. Fear. Ryoko was scared. She 
didn't want to die. Not like this. She knew that if she didn't get help, she 
wouldn't make it home. Tears ran down her face, mixing with the blood 
pouring out of the gash on her forehead as she realized what was going to 
happen. She was going to die, alone in the dark.
					*		*		*
"What happened?  Where is she?" a man asked from the shadows in the corner 
of the room.  Ken sat in a chair nearby and looked at the small man who just 
entered the room.
"I'm sorry sir.  She had killed some of my men and I acted out of anger.  I 
shot her and she took off," said the small, round man.   Ken could see that 
he was visibly shaking, afraid of what the boss might do.
"I see," he said in a curious tone of voice.  "If I remember correctly, your 
orders were to capture her and hold her prisoner until I was ready to see 
her.  Not to let her go!" said the man in the shadows as he got up from his 
chair.
"I-I'm s-sorry sir!" the fat little man stuttered as he begged for his life 
to be spared.  Kagato appeared out of the shadows and looked down on the 
groveling little man and smiled as he raised a hand.
"She is my property and you nearly kill her.  I can't let you get away with 
that," Kagato said before sending an energy ball at his head.  The man 
screamed in pain as it hit him.  The screams didn't last as long as Kagato 
had wanted them to but it was good enough.  He turned towards Ken and smiled 
as the man cowered in his seat.
"Well, at least you did your job correctly," Kagato said as he sat down in 
his chair once again.
"Now, how am I going to get her back?  I'm thinking maybe an all out attack 
on the Masaki residence.  What do you think?" he asked as he turned and 
looked at Ken.  Ken nodded his head and smiled.
"Good." Kagato said with an evil grin on his face.
"I'm coming for you Ryoko.  You can't hide,"

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Another hanger! What happens? Does she live? Does she die? Do you care? 
Honestly, I think this story is taking too long. I have to finish it though. 
I have quite a ways to go! I know Ryoko is acting a little out of character 
but don't worry. She'll go back to normal. Share your thoughts. Mail me at 
ryoko_washu2222@hotmail.com. I love feedback!!

