Ready for the Third? Like I said in the last two, almost all of these characters 
aren't mine, they belong to someone else. That someone else is AIC and Pioneer 
LDC, Inc. Please don't sue me!! Only one of the characters is mine. That's it. 
Let's get started!	
					 HEY!!!!
This story contains lemon content so if you are under the age oof 18 STOP 
READING!!!! It took me a couple of stories but I got to it and I hope everyone 
who is over 18 enjoys it.
I'm angiesangel and this story is about how Tenchi gets mad at the fact that 
Ayeka is calling Ryoko a monster. Ryoko goes with Ken to his apartment 
and...uh...you know. Washu sees what Ryoko has done and get's upset and to top 
it off, Tenchi tells her something that she really doesn't want to hear at the 
moment. Enjoy!
 
Mistakes and Reunions	Part 3
Love and Hate
 
"Hi Tenchi!" Sasami exclaimed as Tenchi walked into the kitchen. 
"Good morning Sasami. Mmmm! Smells good," Tenchi said as he went to take his 
place at the table. Just then Ryoko walked into the room.
"Good morning Ryoko," Sasami said as Ryoko took her seat at the end of the 
table.  "It's good to se you back!"
"Good morning, Sasami. Thanks! Breakfast smells good!" Ryoko exclaimed as she 
looked at the food on the table. Tenchi was confused by Ryoko's actions. Usually 
she sits right next to him and practically hangs on him. This morning, though, 
she sat across, fixing her plate. 
"Good morning Tenchi," Ryoko said cheerfully. 
"Uh...good morning, Ryoko," Tenchi said as he watched her fix her plate. The 
more he thought about it, the more he wanted her to appear behind him and cling 
to him. He had no idea why he felt this way. 
"Where is everyone?" Sasami asked as she put more food on the table. Just then 
everyone walked into the room as if they were queued, and took their seats after 
their greetings. They all made their plates and started to eat.
"Where's Washu?" Tenchi asked as he realized her absence. Everyone looked around 
noticing her absence as well.
"She's probably just working on an experiment like usual," Sasami said fixing 
her plate, oblivious to what happened the night before.
"Let's go out tonight, lord Tenchi. I think it would be fun to spend time 
together," Ayeka said as she nudged Tenchi hoping to start a fight with Ryoko. 
She didn't get to fight with her yesterday so she felt like she had to make up 
for it today.  She thought that she would be happier without the fighting but 
she found that she missed it.  She was bored without the fighting.  Everyone 
glanced at Ryoko who just sat there, enjoying her breakfast. Everyone then 
looked at each other with confused expressions. Normally Ryoko would start a 
fight with Ayeka, but today, she seemed like she didn't care. 
"Uh...I don't know Ayeka," Tenchi started as he scratched the back of his head. 
He glanced at Ryoko who still seemed unworried about this whole thing. Ayeka 
found it a little odd too but she didn't say anything. She was hoping Ryoko 
would start a fight but she then reconsidered.  She was bored but she then 
thought that she wasn't that bored.
<If she's not fighting with me by now, than she must have realized that Tenchi 
loves me and not her and so she's given up on trying to win Tenchi!!> Ayeka 
thought as a small smile crossed her face. <Why question a good thing?> 
"Ryoko, are you feeling ok?" Sasami asked. Ryoko looked at her with her golden 
cat-like eyes.
"I'm fine. Why do you ask?" Ryoko said as she returned to her food. Sasami 
looked at her with curiosity along with everyone else except Ayeka. Just then, 
Washu walked through the door. She stumbled a bit on her way to the table. She 
looked like she was still asleep. Ryoko looked at her but quickly resumed eating 
her breakfast.
"Whoa, Washu! A little too much saki last night?" Noboyuki said with a snicker. 
"Washu? What's wrong? You should go back to bed if you're tired," Tenchi said 
worriedly. Washu just looked at Tenchi and shook her head.
"I'm too hungry to sleep," she said with a yawn as she sat down at the table. 
She looked over at Ryoko, who was finishing up her breakfast as fast as she 
could, and then at Sasami, who sat there, watching everyone eat, totally 
oblivious to the conversation they had the night before. 
"That was a great meal Sasami," Ryoko said as she got up from the table. 
"Thank you, Ryoko," Sasami said in a cheery voice. Washu was suddenly stripped 
of her tiredness and stood up to face Ryoko as she turned to leave.
"And where do you think you're going?" Washu said to Ryoko's back. Ryoko just 
turned her head and glared at her. Washu could see the anger on Ryoko's face but 
held her ground.
"Why do you care?" Ryoko snapped as Washu studied her face.
* If you're going to see that man, forget it! I won't allow you! * Washu said 
through their psychic link so the other wouldn't hear their conversation. Ryoko 
turned all the way around and glared at the small redhead in front of her. 
* So what if I am? What are you going to do to stop me? * Ryoko said as she 
stared down at her mother. Washu looked at Ryoko with concern in her eyes. She 
wasn't going to back down.
* Ryoko, there really isn't anything I can do to stop you but please hear me 
out. Don't get into trouble. Don't let him hurt you. * Washu said as she took a 
step towards her now very upset daughter. Ryoko jumped back and continued to 
glare at her mother. How could she say that? She only loved Ryoko as a guinea 
pig! She had no right to even think that!
"Well if there's nothing you can do to stop me, than leave me the hell alone!!" 
Ryoko yelled as she disappeared from the room. Everyone looked at Washu and then 
to the place where Ryoko was just standing.
"What was that all about?" Tenchi asked after a long silence. Everyone looked at 
Washu as they waited for an answer. Washu just sat back down and continued 
eating her meal. Everyone could see that she was fighting back tears but kept 
quiet.
"Washu?" Tenchi asked, hoping she would explain the other half of the 
conversation she had with Ryoko. Washu slammed her fork down on the table and 
walked back to her lab.
					*		*		*
Tenchi slowly made his way up the shrine steps. He certainly wasn't looking 
forward to his day of training with grandpa. He still had bruises from the last 
time. He couldn't help but think about Ryoko's behavior this morning. She didn't 
do anything to stop Ayeka. That wasn't like her to let something like that go 
without a fight.  And that whole thing with Washu didn't settle right either.  
What was that all about?
<Where is Ryoko anyway? She usually tackles me when I go to train with grandpa.> 
Tenchi thought as he stopped and looked around. 
<I hope she's ok.> Tenchi thought for a moment and realized that he was really 
worried about Ryoko. He stood there a moment and thought about where she could 
be. 
"Where are you Ryoko? What's wrong?" Tenchi thought to himself out loud. He 
looked at his watch and jumped at the time. 
<Oh no! If I'm late one more time I'm really going to get it!> Tenchi said as he 
ran the rest of the way up the steps to the Shrine.
					*		*		*
Ryoko sat in a tree close to the shrine steps where Tenchi had stopped. She 
looked at him standing there and felt saddened. She loved him since the first 
time she saw him but she knew he didn't have the same feelings for her. She was 
taken back a little by what he said about wondering where she was. This made her 
feel a little better knowing that he was a little worried about her. She still 
knew he didn't love her though. Ryoko sighed as she leaned back and put her 
hands behind her head. She then started thinking of Ken and all her thoughts of 
Tenchi vanished. 
<He appreciates me more than Tenchi and I've only known him for a day!> Ryoko 
thought as a smile crossed her face and she fell asleep. She dreamed of her 
night with Ken and how wonderful it was going to be.
					*		*		*
Night had fallen as Ryoko awoke from her peaceful slumber. 
<What time is it?> She wondered as she rubbed the back of her head. She looked 
around and disappeared. She appeared in her room and looked at the clock on her 
nightstand. It was 7:30. Ryoko then walked to her closet and wondered what she 
was going to wear on her date with Ken. She stood there for a couple of minutes 
before choosing an outfit. The outfit she chose was a tight fitting black dress 
with an open back that stopped a little ways above her knees.  It had two 
spaghetti straps that tied behind her neck and her shoes were simple black dress 
shoes. She looked at herself in the mirror and turned to see how the outfit made 
her butt look. 
<Perfect!> She though as she disappeared. She reappeared a little ways from the 
city and started to walk to the spot where she was going to meet Ken. 
Butterflies danced in her stomach as she reached their meeting place. She stood 
there for a minute as she waited for Ken to arrive. She noticed that a lot of 
young men were staring at her but she didn't care. She knew she looked good in 
her outfit and she took pleasure in knowing that the young men were probably 
thinking of a way to get into her panties. A smile touched her lips as she saw 
Ken walking towards her. He was wearing a deep blue colored suit with the same 
color tie. He looked like he was about to go to a formal dinner. Casual yet 
dressy looking. He stopped a few feet away from Ryoko and stared at her. Ryoko 
blushes slightly as a smile came across his face. 
"Wow," he said as she stared at her. Ryoko looked at the ground as her blushing 
intensified. That was all he could say. 
"Shall we go?" Ryoko said, breaking Ken out of his trance. He smacked his 
forehead and walked over to Ryoko and reach out for her hand. She gladly gave it 
too him and marveled at his touch. His grip was strong and warm. It made her 
feel safe when she was near him. They walked a little ways before flagging down 
a taxi. Ken couldn't stop looking at her while they were in the taxi. Ryoko 
sensed this but decided to play stupid. She liked it. It made her feel special. 
Tenchi never looked at her like this when she dressed up for him. The taxi 
stopped in front of a very fancy restaurant. A lot of the people who went in 
were dressed up in very flashy looking clothes. All Ryoko could do was look at 
the place in awe. Ken put a hand on her shoulder and Ryoko looked over at him. A 
smile touched her lips when she saw he was offering his hand again. She took 
hold of it and they walked into the restaurant together, hand in hand.
					*		*		*
At the dinner table, everyone ate in silence. Tenchi kept looking at the spot 
where Ryoko sat in hopes that she would appear but she never did. He missed the 
seductive actions she use to pull on him. It caught him off guard every time but 
he liked it even though he would never admit it. He knew that if he was to make 
a choice, he would choose Ryoko. He liked everything about her. The way she 
looked at him with those beautiful golden eyes, the way she said his name when 
he feigned annoyance, the way she fought with Ayeka. Well, maybe not that, 
seeing the repairs were getting a tad too expensive. 
"Tenchi?" Sasami said from across the table. Tenchi looked up with a start and 
then realized that everyone was looking at him. He looked around nervously as 
the others watched him.
"Is something wrong lord Tenchi?" Ayeka asked as she looked at him worriedly. 
Tenchi just looked at his plate and played with his food.
"No. Nothings wrong really. I'm just worried about Ryoko, that's all," Tenchi 
said as he looked at his uneaten food. Ayeka cringed at the sound of the demon's 
name. 
"Well, if I were you I wouldn't worry about her. She's a big girl. She can look 
after herself," Ayeka said in a snotty voice. She then continued eating her 
supper. Tenchi looked at her and then looked at Washu. Washu was at the corner 
of the table doing the same thing he was. He could tell she had no intention of 
eating what was on her plate. He felt the same way. His appetite disappeared 
when he thought of the trouble Ryoko might get into. Washu had seemed really 
upset when she left. 
"Washu?" Tenchi said. Washu looked at him with sadness in her eyes. She tried to 
hide it but Tenchi could see that she was worried about Ryoko as well.
"Yes Tenchi?" she asked after clearing her throat. 
"You have a psychic link with Ryoko, right?" Tenchi asked again, hoping that she 
would be able to contact Ryoko and find out if she was all right. Washu could 
feel anger rising up in her as she thought about it. Ryoko would be pissed if 
she snooped anymore.
"I do, but I can only use is if Ryoko is willing to cooperate," Washu said as 
she looked back down at her plate. She was gotting tired of everyone asking the 
same question.  She knew for a fact that Ryoko wasn't going to cooperate. She 
hated Washu. Tenchi's hopes were extinguished when he heard this. He then looked 
at his plate and continued to play with his food. 
"It'll be ok. Ryoko will come home. I'm sure of it," Sasami said reassuringly. 
Ayeka could hardly contain her anger any longer.
"Way is everyone so worried about that she-demon?" she shouted. Everyone looked 
at her in shock at her words. "Ryoko can take care of herself. Besides, I think 
it's been a lot more peaceful around here without her." Tenchi's face grew red 
with anger as Ayeka finished her comment. His hands formed fists as he tried to 
calm his anger. He was sick of her bad-mouthing Ryoko.
"She's so loud and obnoxious. And the way she acts around you is absolutely 
disgusting, lord Tenchi," Ayeka said before continuing with her meal. Tenchi 
slammed his fists on the table as she got up and looked at Ayeka. Ayeka looked 
shocked as Tenchi glared at her.
"How could you be so cold-hearted?" Tenchi yelled as Ayeka's eyes filled with 
tears at Tenchi's outburst. "Ryoko isn't as much of a monster as you think! She 
has feelings and emotions! I admire her strength. She deals with your bullshit 
every day!" Ayeka just looked at Tenchi with surprise. He had never yelled at 
her before. The tears threatened to show themselves as Tenchi let out his anger.
"I care for Ryoko as much as I care for everyone else in this house and I don't 
want to see her get hurt," Tenchi said as he tried to control the anger he felt 
towards Ayeka. When he thought about it, Ayeka acted no different than Ryoko 
did. She only did it in a more polite manner. Ryoko could be mean and start 
fights but Ayeka started fights just as often as Ryoko did. Ryoko just defended 
herself. Well, most of the time. Tenchi left the room as Ayeka sat there, wide-
eyed and hurt by Tenchi's words. 
"Tenchi?" Ayeka whispered after he left the room. Everyone just sat there, 
shocked at the violence in Tenchi's voice. They let his words sink in and before 
long, everyone felt guilty for how they treated Ryoko. Washu got up from the 
table slowly and made her way to her lab. Everyone else cleared the table in 
silence as Ayeka ran out of the room crying. 
					*		*		*
After dinner, Ryoko and Ken went back to his apartment. It was small but roomy. 
You entered into the living room, which had a couch and a reclining chair in the 
corner. The kitchen was to the right and there was a hallway on the other side 
of the kitchen. He gave her a tour, ending with the bedroom. It had a big, king 
size waterbed in the middle with a small nightstand on either side. Ryoko looked 
around and admired the room. She walked over to the bed and sat on the edge of 
it. Ken just smiled at her as Ryoko laid down on the bed. Ken went over and sat 
down hard on the bed, causing waves. Ryoko giggled as she went up and down on 
the large bed. Ken started to laugh as Ryoko's giggles turned into laughter. 
When the laughter subsided, Ryoko sat up and looked at Ken and he was taken in 
by her beauty but her eyes are what caught his attention. He sat up as well and 
stared into those beautiful cat-like eyes. Ryoko could feel her mind arguing 
with her about what might happen. She looked away, breaking their gaze, but this 
man made her feel so safe and happy that she had to look back to his face. After 
a moment of thought, Ryoko came to the conclusion that he could do anything and 
she wouldn't care. Ken moved his face closer to hers and she could smell his 
sweat breath wash over her face. Before she had a chance to speak, he kissed 
her. Ryoko wanted to pull away but her body wouldn't let her. She succumbed to 
the kiss and opened her mouth slightly. Ken felt this and slipped his tongue 
into her mouth. He raised a hand and caressed her cheek as his tongue danced 
with hers. After a few minutes, she broke away. 
"What's wrong?" he asked as she looked away from him. When Ryoko didn't answer, 
he got up and went to his nightstand. He knew what she was thinking and he had 
the perfect remedy. He opened a draw and brought out a small bag with little 
white pills in them. Ryoko was confused as he sat down next to her. He looked at 
her and saw the confusion on her face.
"What is it?" he asked as she looked at him.
"What are those?" Ryoko asked, indicating the small bag he held in his hand. Ken 
smiled and took her hand, raising her off the bed and leading her into the 
kitchen. Ryoko became worried as he poured two small glasses of water.
"Here," he said as he handed her a glass of water and one of the pills. She 
looked at the pill in her hand. It had a small white music note on it and Ryoko 
looked at Ken in question.
"It's ok, don't worry. It will make you feel less tense," he said reassuringly 
as he popped one into his mouth and took a gulp of water. 
<Less tense?> Ryoko thought as she looked at the pill. <I am a little tense I 
guess> she thought to herself as she looked back at her pill and decided she 
could trust Ken seeing that he had taken one as well. She put the small pill in 
her mouth and took a couple gulps of water. She put the glass on the counter as 
Ken took two more pills and looked at her. He led her back to his room and 
closed the door. Ryoko knew what he was doing but for some strange reason she 
didn't care. Her mind screamed not to go along with this but her body didn't 
cooperate with her mind. Her body welcomed the idea actually. Tenchi had ignored 
her advances so often that she needed someone who was going to fulfill her 
needs. Ken dimmed the lights and sat on the bed. He motioned for Ryoko to sit on 
the bed beside him. Ryoko slowly started to move towards the bed. She felt a 
strange feeling wash over her as she approached the bed. What was that pill he 
had given her? Ken could see the hesitation in her eyes.
"Don't worry. I won't bit, unless you want me to," he said as a sly grin 
appeared on his face. Ryoko was startled at his remark but she was more startled 
at the fact that she gave him one of her own grins as she stood in front of him. 
She slowly started to unbutton his shirt as he put his hands on her hips. She 
felt like she could trust Ken with her life. He was her best friend right now. 
<What am I doing!?> she thought as he removed his shirt the rest of the way. <I 
can't stop either. It's like I'm not controlling my body.>
She couldn't help but stare at his very muscular build. It was much better than 
Tenchi's. He slowly pulled her onto the bed and met her lips with a kiss. His 
touch felt so good! She didn't want him to stop. She wanted to stay like this 
forever. Ryoko's mind was fighting the warm feeling coursing throughout her body 
as they kissed, but she failed. Their tongues engaged in a dance as Ken untied 
the straps behind Ryoko's neck. Ryoko was surprised to find herself wiggling out 
of her dress as she unbuttoned his pants, still locked in a passionate kiss. Her 
heart was pounding as Ken paused to look at her well-developed body. Her full 
breast swayed as she sat on top of him and her curved hips grinding into his 
own. He could hardly contain his pleasure. Soon, they were both naked on the bed 
and kissing wildly. Ken ran his finger through her hair as she supported herself 
over him. Ken rolled her over onto her back and gently kissed her neck. 
<Why am I doing this?> she thought as she continued to fight the urges she felt. 
Ryoko sighed in pleasure as he made his way to one of her breasts. It felt so 
good that it was almost painful when he paused. He kissed around her erect 
nipples, sending shivers of pleasure through her body. Soon her body took over 
her mind and she gave in to the pleasure as he took on of her nipples into his 
mouth and sucked on it gently. Ryoko let out a moan of pleasure as he worked his 
magic. She reached her hands down and gripped his hard-on, causing him to stop 
what he was doing for a moment to enjoy the contact. He slid down her stomach, 
strategically placing kisses as he went. He reached her sex and thanked the lord 
that she shaved. He kissed all around the beautiful sight, causing Ryoko to moan 
as he teased her wet sex. He carefully parted her nether lips with his tongue 
and massaged her clit. Ryoko arched her back in pleasure as he played. She 
started to pant as she neared her orgasm. Ken could see that she was close and 
slipped two fingers into her, sending shudders through her body.
"Do...don't s...stop," Ryoko said between pants of pleasure. The feeling was 
overwhelming as he massaged her inner walls with his fingers and played around 
with his tongue. He saw that she was close and quickened his pace. Ryoko's 
orgasm hit her like a mac truck. Her back arched and she screamed in ecstasy. 
Ken looked up at her has she collapsed onto the bed, creating waves on the 
waterbed. Ken kissed her and she could taste her juices on his lips. They rolled 
over so that Ryoko was now on top and she slowly made her way down to his cock 
and places her lips around the head. Ken's breath caught in his throat as she 
began to lick just below the head on a very sensitive spot. She then placed her 
mouth over his cock until he could feel the back of her throat. She massaged 
what she couldn't fit in her mouth with her hand. He moaned in pleasure as his 
cock grew harder. Ryoko licked up his cock as she removed it from her mouth. 
This was all Ken needed to send him over the edge. Hot cum started to spurt as 
Ryoko quickly placed her mouth over his tip and greedily drank what she could of 
his juices. The rest landed on her hands and breasts. 
<What am I doing!> her mind protested again.
"Oh my God," Ken said as his pants slowed and he could talk. Ryoko smiled and 
kissed him on the lips, letting her body take over again.
"Good?" she asked breaking the kiss. Ken laughed a little at the question and 
rolled her onto her back again. He spread her legs and positioned himself above 
her. Ryoko's mind started to protest again.
<You can't do this.>
<But it feels so good!> He looked at her face as he slowly pushed himself deep 
within her. Ryoko let out a gasp as he slid inside her. It's been a long time 
since she's felt this much pleasure. She closed her eyes as Ken thrust into her. 
The pleasure overwhelmed her as her breath quickened. She shuddered as sweat 
pour of their bodies. Ken neared the edge as Ryoko's walls tightened around his 
cock. Ryoko thrust her hips as he came down sending a wave of ecstasy through 
both of them. 
"Oh...my...GOD!!" Ryoko screamed as she was hit by her second orgasm. Ken let 
out a yell as he released his seed deep into her. Ken sat up and looked at her 
eyes. Ryoko slid out from under him and laid there, trying to catch her breath. 
After what seemed like an eternity, Ryoko was struck by an idea and whispered in 
his ear.
"Let's go get something to eat," Ryoko said in a seductive voice as she got off 
the bed and headed for the door. She turned and motioned for him to follow her. 
Ken followed close behind her as she entered the kitchen. She walked over the 
fridge and leaned in. Ken's gaze was fixed on Ryoko's ass as she bent over to 
explore the fridge. He could feel himself getting hard again. As far as he was 
concerned, her curves were perfect. She then stood up and turned around holding 
a bottle of chocolate syrup. She smiled at Ken as he walked over to her. He took 
the bottle from her and carefully pushed her against the counter. He began to 
apply the syrup all over her breast and he the lowered his head to her chest to 
lap up the chocolate. Ryoko moaned with pleasure as his tongue covered every 
inch of her upper body. He lifted her so that she was sitting on the counter and 
poured more syrup over her inner thighs. Ryoko gasped as he licked her sensitive 
areas. He parted her lips once more as she leaned back as far as she could. 
Ryoko screamed in pleasure as her cum flowed from her into his mouth. She looked 
down on him as he lifted her off the counter. It was his turn to lean against 
the counter as he lifted her light body onto his hardness. He slid inside her as 
she wrapped her legs around his waist. He grabbed her ass and held her up as she 
started to bounce up and down. Ken couldn't hold it anymore and he let out a 
strong flow of cum into her a second time. Ryoko screamed as she reach her 
climax and held onto Ken with all her might. She slid down, letting his cock 
fall out of her and walked over to the living room. Ken followed and collapsed 
with her on the couch.  Ken then got up and walked back to the room, leaving 
Ryoko on the couch.  He soon returned with two cigarettes.  Well, at least they 
looked like cigarettes.
"Here," he said as he handed one to Ryoko.  She looked at it for a minute and 
then took it from him.  She looking it over and then she smelled it. She 
wrinkled her nose at the pungent odor.  She looked at Ken with question.
"What is it?" she asked as he sat down nex to her with a lighter in his hand.
"Don't worry.  It's ok," he said as he placed the 'cigarette' between his lips.  
He inhaled deeply and help his breath as he looked at Ryoko.  After a few 
moments, he let out a cloud of smoke.
"Try it," he said as he handed her the lighter.  She took it and thought about 
it for a moment.  Ryoko finally gave in and gave it a try.  Ken did it and she 
trusted Ken, for some odd reason.  Ryoko inhaled slowly and then broke down in a 
fit of coughing.  When the coughing passed, she looked at Ken with a raised 
eyebrow.
"What the hell is this * cough *," Ryoko said as she looked at Ken's smiling 
face.  
"Everyone coughs their first time," he said as he took another hit off of his 
joint.  The two sat there, inhaling and exhaling for a while before Ryoko forgot 
what she was doing.  Everything seemed to be happening in slow motion.  It was 
almost like she was watching a movie.  Ryoko also found it extremely hard to 
stop smiling.  She started to giggle as she looked at Ken's face and he started 
to laugh out loud at how much of a lightweight she was.  She was only half done 
with her joint and she was stoned silly.  
"Let's go back to the bedroom," Ken said after a few minutes of giggling and he 
held out his hand to help her up. Ryoko took his hand a thought dawned on her 
despite how stoned she was, as she got up and walked back to the room. She was 
going to have to deal with Washu when she got home. She knew the scientist was 
watching this and she also knew that she didn't approve of Ken. Ryoko then 
thought that this was a good way to get back at Washu and all protests her mind 
was making ceased. 
<Hope you're enjoying this, 'mother',> she thought as a smile crossed her face. 
She decided to forget about her nosy mother so that it didn't ruin the fun she 
was having. Ken led her into the bedroom and they started on their third round.
					*		*		* 
Washu sat there, watching the activities going on in the small apartment. She 
couldn't help but spy on her. She didn't trust Ken and she was worried he was 
going to do something to her. A tear rolled down her face when she saw what 
Ryoko was doing. She knew how Washu felt about Ken yet here she was, fucking him 
after only the second date. She hardly even knew him! What upset Washu the most 
was the fact she had taken drugs! Washu knew she was doing this to get back at 
her and that upset her, a lot. She put her head in her hands as the monitor went 
blank. She had seen enough. She didn't need to watch her daughter destroy her 
life with her irrational behavior. How could she hurt Tenchi like this? Washu 
knew that Ryoko loved Tenchi and she also knew that Tenchi loved Ryoko, he just 
hasn't admitted it yet. 
"Washu?" said a familiar voice coming from behind her. She didn't have to turn 
around to tell it was Tenchi. "Washu, can I talk to you?" Tenchi asked as he 
closed the door. Washu just sat there without saying a word.
"I know it's late but I can't sleep. I also can't stop worrying about Ryoko. Do 
you think you could find her? I would feel a lot better knowing she was ok," 
Tenchi said in hopes that Washu would cooperate. Washu lowered her head before 
speaking.
"She's fine," Washu said. She wasn't about to tell Tenchi what she had seen on 
her monitors. She didn't even want to tell herself what was going on with her 
daughter right now. Tenchi looked at her for a moment and then sat on a chair 
that had appeared when he entered the room.
"Are you sure? I mean, I want to make sure she's not hurt," Tenchi said. The 
worry was obvious in his voice and that saddened Washu even more. She looked 
over at Tenchi and then back down at the floor in front of her. How could she 
tell him? Anger reared its ugly head once again as Washu thought of her 
daughters actions.
"I..." Washu began. She couldn't think of a way to finish her thought. Washu let 
out a long sigh and looked at Tenchi.
"How do you feel about my Ryoko, Tenchi?" Washu asked in a serious voice. Her 
question was so out of the blue that Tenchi just sat there with his mouth 
gapping at her.
"Well I...uh...I," Tenchi stuttered. The serious look on Washu's face didn't 
change as she waited for Tenchi's answer. Tenchi looked at her and cleared his 
thoughts. He knew he couldn't escape answering that question.
"I care about her a lot. I've always cared about her, it's just that I never 
knew how to show it and I didn't want to hurt Ayeka. I've never had a girl show 
her affection for me so openly before. Washu, I've never felt this way about 
anyone before," Tenchi said and then pause before continuing. "I...I...," Tenchi 
couldn't bring himself to say it right away but when he did, he looked at Washu 
with a straight face.
"Washu, I love Ryoko," Tenchi said in a calm cool voice. Washu couldn't handle 
it anymore. Tears started to form in her eyes and she knew she couldn't hold 
them back. She put her head in her hands and cried at the thought of Tenchi's 
heart being ripped out when he learned of Ryoko's inexcusable behavior. Tenchi 
went to Washu's side and put a hand on her shoulder but Washu pulled away from 
his touch as she walked trough a door that magically appeared out of nowhere, 
leaving a very confused Tenchi alone in the dark lab.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
Is it getting better? Sorry about the fact that Ryoko did it with someone other 
than Tenchi but don't worry. He'll get what's coming to him. Hope to hear from 
you! Mail me again at ryoko_washu2222@hotmail.com. 					
 
