I'm back! Again, almost all of these characters don't belong to me so please 
don't sue me! They belong to ACI and Pioneer LDC, Inc. Only one belongs to me. 
There still isn't any lemon content so don't worry. Be warned though! Lemon 
comes later so don't get too involved if you're under 18!
Again, my name is angiesangel and this story is a continuation of Mistakes and 
Reunions  Ryoko's Dream. I got enough feedback so I decided to write another one 
to keep the viewing public happy. In this story, Washu finds out about Ryoko's 
date and she's afraid that this guy isn't as nice as he sounds. Tsunami tries to 
convince Washu that it's not as bad as she thinks but Washu is too wrapped up in 
her own emotions to listen. Enjoy! 
Mistakes and Reunions	Part 2
Washu's Feelings
 
	The restaurant was crowded but we were lucky because we had reservations. 
Ryoko felt a little underdressed but her date assured her that she wasn't. 
<Guys will say anything to get into your pants> Ryoko thought as they were 
sitting at the table. It was a nice restaurant with dim lights and soft music 
playing in the background. Ryoko looked at her surroundings and realized that 
she wasn't really underdressed. A Lot of the other people weren't really dressed 
up. That made Ryoko feel a little better. 
"Well," Ryoko said, "We've made it this far and I still don't know your name."
"Ken. Yours?" 
"Ryoko,"
"Ryoko...that's a lovely name," He smiled warmly and Ryoko could feel the 
redness in her cheeks. The butterflies that were previously dancing now felt 
like they were having a wrestling match in her stomach. The waiter came over to 
the table and took their orders. Ryoko still had little appetite so she ordered 
something small. She figured Ken felt the same way because he didn't order 
anything big either. 
"So, Ryoko. Tell me about yourself," Ken said, trying to start conversation.
"No way. You go first. After all, you're the one that brought me here," Ryoko 
said. She sure as hell didn't want to tell him about herself. 
"All right then. Here goes nothing," Ken said as he got comfy in his chair. 
Ryoko sat and listened to his story with interest. His parents were American but 
he was born and raised in Japan. His mother died when he was fifteen and his 
father was an executive for a major corporation. He had no brothers or sisters 
and he lived in the city in a small apartment. He wasn't into business and was 
presently unemployed.
"Wow," Ryoko said. She didn't know what else to say.
"That's it for me. What's your story?" he asked.
"Well," Ryoko started, "There isn't much to talk about. I live in a house with 
my friends and I don't have a job. I've never had a job."
<Unless you consider being a space pirate a form of employment> she thought to 
herself. She went on to describe how her life was living in the Masaki 
household.
"What about your past?" he asked. Ryoko looked at the table and didn't reply. 
She wasn't about to open up to a complete stranger. Well, not with the truth at 
least.
"I don't remember my past too well," she lied. " I was taken from my mother when 
I was young and I don't remember my father at all."
"That's terrible!" Ken said. "I wish there was something I could do to help."
"Don't worry about it. I'm a lot tougher than you think," Ryoko said shooting 
him a sly grin, trying to change the mood.
"Oh really?" he said shooting her one of his own. Ryoko could feel her face 
growing hot again. 
"If you'll excuse me, I have to use the bathroom," Ryoko said as she got up and 
walked away. She looked at herself in the mirror and a million thoughts were 
racing through her head.
<What is it about him that makes me feel this way? I've never felt like this 
before. Not even around Tenchi.> Ryoko washed her hands and decided to go back 
to the table. Half of her wanted to go home but half of her wanted to stay with 
Ken. At this point, the "stay with Ken" side was winning. She sat back down at 
the table. Ken was looking at the nearby tables, totally oblivious at Ryoko's 
return. She looked at him for a moment, admiring his good looks. He finally 
directed his attention back to Ryoko and looked startled to see her sitting in 
front of him.
"Whoa! That was quick! I didn't even see you sit down. How long have you been 
sitting there?" he asked. Just then the waiter returned with their food and set 
it in front of them.
"Not long. You looked really out of it. Is something wrong?" She asked as she 
started on her meal.
"No, no. Nothings wrong. I was just waiting for you to get back. That's all," he 
said as he started his own meal. As they ate, Ryoko couldn't help but notice how 
edgy he was. He kept looking around like someone was going to attack him or 
something. Ryoko decided to leave him alone for now and continued eating her 
dinner.
				*		*		* 
As Tenchi and the others sat down for dinner, Ayeka couldn't help but notice 
that Ryoko was still gone. This made her feel better. She wasn't going to get 
into a fight, which would make Tenchi happy.
"Ryoko still hasn't gotten back yet. I hope everything is ok," Tenchi said 
worriedly. The others just kind of looked at each other, hoping someone would 
have the answer. Ayeka didn't even acknowledge the question. Washu walked in and 
sat down at the table and started eating without saying a word. The others 
looked at her as she ate and she became aware of this.
"What?" she asked with a mouth full of food. She swallowed what she had in her 
mouth and looked at her plate.
"I don't know where Ryoko is. I don't know when she'll be back either," Washu 
lied as she put another mouthful of food in her mouth. 
"But don't you have a psychic link with her? Can't you find out? She's been gone 
all day and I'm starting to get worried," Tenchi said as Washu swallowed her 
food. 
"Yes I do have a psychic link with her," she said. Everyone expected her to say 
more and were disappointed when she didn't. Everyone accepted the fact that she 
didn't want to continue but Tenchi wouldn't let her get away that easily.
"Well isn't there anything you can do?" Tenchi said. He was practically yelling. 
This only upset Washu even more.
"Can't you just leave her alone!!??" Washu screamed, leaving a look of shock on 
everyone's face. "What's wrong with you people!? You act like you don't really 
care if she's here or not and now this happens and you're all worried about her? 
You people make me sick!" and at that Washu storms out of the room and back into 
her lab. All the others could do was sit there, staring at the doorway where 
Washu stormed out of a moment ago. 
"What's gotten into her?" Sasami asked as Tenchi got up and walked towards the 
lab.
"Tenchi," Yosho called.
"I have to talk to her Grandpa," Tenchi replied without turning around.
"Let's just let her cool down a bit before we try talking to her," Ayeka said. 
She looked at Tenchi, hoping he would listen. She let out a sigh of relief as he 
returned to his seat. Who knows what Washu might do when she's mad like this. 
The more Ayeka thought about it, the more she understood about Washu's comment 
about not caring about Ryoko. Tenchi was always trying to get Ryoko off his 
back, Kiyone and Mihoshi were always on partol, Sasami was always doing the 
chores, Ayeka was always fighting with her, and Washu was always in her lab. No 
one would actually hold a conversation with her. Even Ryo-ohki was spending more 
time with Sasami than with Ryoko. Ayeka thought she would have a chat with miss 
Washu after dinner.
				*		*		* 
	Washu sat on her bed, thinking about what the others thought of her know 
that she blew up at them. She was so mad at the fact that one-minute they didn't 
care, and the next they were all worried about Ryoko. 
<She just needs some time> Wahsu thought as she laid back on her bed. She knew 
they were going to ask her why she blew-up like that and she dreaded it. She 
didn't want to have to deal with their bullshit. She also had a lot on her mind. 
This whole ordeal with Ryoko and her past was taking its toll on Washu. Old 
memories were being brought to the surface. Washu would have been happy if they 
had just been left buried. 
*Ryoko * Washu said through their psychic link. She didn't receive an answer but 
she didn't really expect one.
* Ryoko, I know you can hear me. Why don't you answer? * Washu said, trying to 
get her daughter's attention but she still got no word from Ryoko. Washu loved 
her daughter more than anything but she knew how Ryoko felt about her. She 
thought Washu loved her only as a guinea pig but that wasn't true. Washu sighed 
and closed her eyes. She thought of Ryoko when she was a little girl. She was so 
happy, believe it or not. Washu guessed that everything that happened to her in 
her past made her hard and unforgiving. Especially her experiences with Kagato. 
<I know that's why she changed. The same thing happened to me. Well, the loosing 
your family part anyway.> Washu thought. <Ryoko's going to have to realize that 
she can't do this on her own> Washu's eyes grew heavy and nodded off and 
eventually fell into a deep dreamless sleep.
				*		*		*
Ryoko walked down the street with Ken walking next to her. She heard Washu 
talking to her but she didn't respond. She had had enough of her 'mother'. How 
could she expect Ryoko to consider Washu her mother when she didn't act like 
one? She only wanted to think of Ken right now. She found out more about him as 
the night proceeded and she liked everything that she discovered about him. He 
was a really nice guy who has been dumped on too many times in his life. She 
told him very little about herself but enough to satisfy him. They walked side 
by side through the streets. It was late and people were going home. Ryoko liked 
it better without all the people. There was a lot less noise so it was easier 
for them to hold a conversation as they walked.
"Do you feel better know?" Ken asked as they past a small coffee shop. The aroma 
from the coffee beans filled Ryoko's nose as she walked by.
"A little bit," she said as she looked at the ground. She really did feel better 
but she wasn't sure what it was that changed her mood. "What about you?"
"Me? I feel a lot better. It's not every day that I ask a beautiful young lady 
to join me for dinner and have her accept the offer," he said as he gave her one 
of his sly grins again. Ryoko blushed and looked back at the ground with a smile 
on her face. She felt happy talking to him. He really knew how to make a woman 
feel wanted. For all Ryoko knew, this could be an act but something told her it 
wasn't. 
"Well I'm not your average young lady," Ryoko said as she ran a little ways in 
front of him. She stopped and turned to face him. "I'm not as sweet and innocent 
as you may think. I have a wild streak and it takes a lot to tame it," she said 
as she smiled at him. He laughed as she finished what she was saying. 
"What's so funny?" Ryoko asked teasingly.
"Nothing," he said between chuckles.
"Tell me. What was so funny about what I said?" Ryoko didn't get mad like she 
usually did. His laugh seemed to put her in a good mood. 
"I just find it hard to believe that you could be a trouble-maker. If you really 
do have a wild streak, than you don't show it," he said as his chuckles died 
down.
"Ha! You should talk to my friends. They'll tell you a completely different 
story," Ryoko said as she walked back to his side. They walked for a little 
while longer before stopping in front of an apartment building. Ryoko remembered 
him saying that he lived in an apartment in this building. She was confused to 
see that he didn't stop.
"Isn't this where you live?" she asked as he turned and looked at her.
"Yeah, but I was going to walk you home," he said, a little disappointed.
"I live too far away for you to walk me home. You wouldn't get back for hours," 
Ryoko said as he stood next to her. 
"Are you sure? I'll walk you home if you want," he said as he looked into her 
eyes. She shook her head and looked down at the ground to avoid his gaze. She 
knew she would never be able to look away if their eyes meet. 
"All right then. Will I get to see you again? I would really like to take you to 
dinner again," he said as lifted her chin to meet his eyes. Ryoko thought she 
was going to melt with joy at his offer.
<He want's to see me again?> Ryoko thought as she stared into his eyes. <Why 
does he want to do that? He doesn't even know the real me.>
"You would really do that?" she asked as he pulled his keys from his pocket.
"Of course!" he said as he moved closer to her. Ryoko could feel her knees 
getting weak but she didn't move. She let him get closer and slid a hand down 
her cheek. Ryoko didn't know what to think. She would love to see him again.
"All right then," she said, "How about tomorrow?"
"Sounds good to me. Say around eight? We'll go to a fancy restaurant this time 
so wear something nice," he asked, confident that she would say yes.
"Eight it is," Ryoko said, smiling. He smiled back at her with a warm, welcoming 
smile. She didn't want to go home. She wanted to stay with him but she knew she 
couldn't. She had to go face the others at home even though she didn't want to.
"So I'll see you at eight. Same spot?" he asked as he looked at her.
"Yup," Ryoko said as she watched him walk towards the door. Ryoko stared at him 
as he disappeared into the doorway. Ryoko walked around the corner and leaned 
against the building. Her heart was all a flutter and she couldn't stop thinking 
about their night together.
<To think he was a complete stranger just a few hours ago, and now he's asking 
me out on a second date> Ryoko thought happily as she arrived at the house using 
her powers. She looked at the house and thought of what the others might say 
about her behavior. She really didn't want to deal with that. She was in too 
good of a mood to deal with their concerned questions. Ryoko used her powers to 
go directly to her room. She just laid in her bed, thinking of her night. 
<I'm glad he said something to me tonight> she thought as sleep descended upon 
her. She smiled to herself as she thought of him walking through the door of his 
apartment building.
<This is great! A nice guy with a nice ass wants to take me to dinner again> she 
thought as she drifted off to sleep.
				*		*		* 
Washu was aware that Ryoko had returned home but she wasn't going to tell the 
others. She was sure that Ryoko didn't want to be faced with their questions. 
She figured everyone would ask her in the morning. Washu herself was a little 
curious as to where Ryoko went.
<Maybe I'll just read her memory> Washu thought as she closed her eyes. Ryoko 
was thinking about a guy a she had meet. Washu watched the evening via Ryoko's 
memories and was a little surprised at the fact Ryoko liked this guy. He was a 
handsome young man but Ryoko had her heart set on Tenchi. Washu also knew how 
Ryoko acted around strangers. She thought about this for a moment. She had a 
feeling that this Ken guy was no good. There was something about him that Washu 
didn't trust but she couldn't put her finger on it. She knew her daughter would 
be upset if someone bothered her when she was in bed but Washu had to find out 
about this guy. You could say it was the mother in her.
				*		*		* 
Ayeka walked down the hall towards Washu's lab and quietly opened the door.  

"Washu?" she called politely.  There was no answer as Ayeka looked around the 
dark room.  

"Where is she?" Ayeka thought out loud.  He then decided to go back to bed and 
not worry about someone she really didn't care about.
					*		*		*
	Ryoko was lying in bed when her door opened a bit. Ryoko looked up 
wondering who had the nerve to come in when she was in bed. Washu peeked around 
the corner and looked at Ryoko with a motherly look.
"Ryoko, can we talk?" she asked as she came in and closed the door. Ryoko knew 
what this was about because she could feel Washu's presence in her head a moment 
ago. She hated that. Washu was always butting in to her private affairs. Ryoko 
really wasn't in the mood for this crap. Her night had been too good to be 
spoiled by her mother's concerns.
"What do you want? You've already seen everything I know about him," Ryoko said 
as she rolled over, facing her back to Washu. 
"I don't need to know anything else about him. He seemed to give you a good 
explanation of himself. I just don't want to you trust him too much," Washu said 
as she waited for her daughter's response. Ryoko looked over at her with a hint 
of surprise and anger in her eyes.
"What are you talking about? He was good company. We're just friends," Ryoko 
said defensively even thought she had a feeling that would change after 
tomorrow. Washu looked at her and decided it would be better if the others 
didn't decide to eaves drop.
* Ryoko, isn't a little strange how he came up to you? He didn't even know you 
and he asked you out to dinner! * Washu said through their psychic link. Ryoko 
looked at her again but this time her eyes were full of rage and hatred. She was 
doing it again. 
* He saw that I was upset and he tried to cheer me up! What's so wrong about 
that? * Ryoko thought angrily. * He's a nice guy and he cares. * She was pissed 
at the fact that Washu was trying to act like her mother now. Where was she when 
Ryoko really needed her? 
* All right, I'll give him that much about the cheering up part, but what makes 
you think he care about you? Because he listened to you problems? Ryoko, he 
doesn't even know you! * Washu thought and waited for her daughter's reaction. 
Ryoko just looked at the ceiling. Her anger was so strong that she couldn't 
react. She realized after her anger subsided a little, that she hardly talked 
about herself let alone what was bothering her. 
* Washu, I would like to go to sleep now. Do you mind? * Ryoko said as she 
glared at her mother. Washu was hurt by the hatred in her daughter's voice. She 
decided to leave before a fight broke out and woke up the whole house. She got 
up and walked for the door. After a few steps she stopped and turned to face 
Ryoko.
"Just be careful, Ryoko. Don't let him get you into trouble," Washu said. She 
was worried about Ryoko and didn't want her to get hurt. She hoped Ryoko would 
consider that as a motherly concern. Washu let out a sigh before she left the 
room and left Ryoko with her thoughts. 
				*		*		*
Sasami looked about the hallway as she made her way towards the bathroom. She 
stopped just before the door when she heard a door close behind her. She was 
curious as to who woke up so she decided to investigate. As she walked around 
the corner, she saw Washu standing in front of Ryoko's bedroom door.
"Washu? What are you doing up so late? Is Ryoko home?" She asked as she walked 
over to Washu so she wouldn't have to yell.
"Oh, ahh...yes, she's home. I just needed to talking to Ryoko," Washu said 
hesitantly. She had started crying the minute she closed the door. It hurt her 
to see her daughter pushing her away and she didn't really feel like tell anyone 
that Ryoko had her sights on someone other than Tenchi. She needed to get these 
feelings out, but she didn't think Sasami was the right person. Hell she *knew* 
Sasami wasn't the right person. Tsunami on the other hand...
"Washu, is everything all right? You seemed upset earlier," Sasami said, clearly 
concerned. Washu knew this was coming and looked at the floor as she tried to 
answer that question. Seeing Washu's insecurity, Tsunami appeared inplace of 
Sasami.
"I don't know. I guess I was just in a bad mood, that's all," Washu said as 
Tsunami looked at her. 
"You're really worried about Ryoko, aren't you?" Tsunami said with a smile. It 
was kind of cute how this little twelve year old girl could act so motherly to 
someone who looked older than her. A tear rolled down Washu's cheek as she 
thought of her relationship with Ryoko. Washu looked at Tsunami with pain and 
hurt on her face and then looked back at the floor again. Tsunami knew that 
Washu didn't want her to see her cry. It hurt Tsunami to see her sister so 
upset. Good thing it was dark. Tsunami couldn't see the tears that had fallen 
since she saw Washu on the floor. 
"Sasami..." Washu started. Her voice caught in her throat as she tried to speak. 
There was a long pause as Washu fought back a new wave of tears. Tsunami went 
over to her and stood in front of her.
"Sasami isn't here," she said, knowing it would make Washu feel a little more 
comfortable. "What is it Washu?" Tsunami asked. Washu just shook her head due to 
the fact that her tears had her choked up. Tsunami placed a hand on Washu's 
shoulder to encourage her. "It's ok Washu. Go on," Tsunami coaxed. Washu looked 
up at Tsunami and the next thing she knew she was in her lab.
"I couldn't talk to you right outside of Ryoko's door. She, as well as the 
others, might have heard us," Tsunami said. Washu sat down and another chair 
appeared for Tsunami. Tsunami sat down and made herself comfortable because she 
knew she might be here for a while. Washu looked off into space as she sat 
there. There was a long pause before she said anything.
"I know I can trust you Tsunami," Washu said as she looked at the floor. 
"Of course you can!" Tsunami said. She was a glad that Washu had that much faith 
in her. 
"It's just that it's such a touchy subject. I have to be careful who I tell. I 
don't want to upset Ryoko any more than what she already is," Washu said as she 
looked at Tsunami. Washu had done a lot of things to hurt her daughter and she 
didn't need to add any more to the list.
"I won't tell a soul, Washu. You know I won't," Tsunami said as she looked at 
Washu. "Sasami won't even know." 
"Ryoko is trying to deal with something that happened in her past, and now she's 
seeing some stranger she just meet. There is something about him that I don't 
trust. She wasn't going to tell me about it either. She's been keeping this 
secret of her past all of her life," Washu said. She stopped and closed her 
eyes. Tsunami felt pity for Washu. Watching your daughter go through something 
like this must be hard. Washu opened her eyes and looked at Tsunami. 
"I'm just worried. That's all," Washu said as she looked at the floor again. 
Tsunami didn't know what to say. She doesn't have any children, obviously, so 
she couldn't possibly understand what Washu was going through. Tears started to 
run down Washu's face again as she sat there in silence. 
"Washu..." Tsunami started. Washu just shook her head and looked away.
"I know what Ryoko's going through. She lost her husband and daughter. The same 
thing happened to me when I was still at the academy. My child and my husband 
were taken from me. I was torn apart as I watched them walk away. There was 
nothing I could do to stop them. I watched them leave, knowing I would never see 
them again, and all because of me," Washu said as she stared into space. Tsunami 
was shocked at the fact that Ryoko had a husband and daughter. She never told 
anyone. Tears were clearly running down Washu's cheeks and Tsunami got up and 
walked over to Washu. She knelt in front of her and looked her in the eyes but 
she spoke before Tsunami could say anything.
"I'm so confused. Ryoko never said anything about her family. I know that these 
are memories because I saw them in her dreams. Why didn't she come to me? She 
knew I would understand," Washu said with confusion written all over her face. 
She knew the answer to this question but she tried to ignore it.
"I'm sure Ryoko will explain everything when she's ready," Tsunami said 
reassuringly. "As for your past, you know that you shouldn't blame yourself, 
Washu," Tsunami said. Washu went to say something but Tsunami stopped her. "I 
know it's hard to except the fact that they are gone but what other option do 
you have? You can't let this things bother you, Washu. Ryoko needs your help in 
dealing with her past and her emotions. You're the only one who can get close 
enough to Ryoko to help her. You may not believe that but it's true.  Tenchi 
doesn't have the courage to help Ryoko.  But how can you help her if you're 
grieving over your family? You've never let it bother you this much before," 
Tsunami said as she held Washu's shoulders. Washu sat there, thinking about what 
her sister said and then closed her eyes. She sat there in silence for a few 
minutes before returning her gaze to Tsunami.
"You're right. I need to help Ryoko and I can't if I'm thinking of my own past. 
I don't know why it's bothering me so much. It's just so hard for me to think 
that it was my fault," Washu said as a wave of sobs overtook her. Tsunami hugged 
her sister and tried to comfort her as best she could. Washu's body shook as the 
tears came. Tsunami didn't know how Washu felt or what she was going through. 
All she could do was help to comfort the sobbing little girl.
 
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
What do you think? Is it getting better or is it coming along too slow? Well, I 
hope you enjoyed it and for all you lemon fans, the next one might interest you 
a bit. I hope to hear some more feedback. Mail me at 
ryoko_washu2222@hotmail.com.  
