Let's get going. Almost all of these characters belong to someone else and 
that someone else is ACI and Pioneer LDC, Inc. Don't sue me please! I 
apologize if these last few stories are a little vague but I'm starting to 
get a tiny bit sick of writing them and the only time I have to write them 
is really late at night. I've also noticed that the title has really nothing 
to do with the story. Anyway! On with the description.
This one is about how Washu helps Ryoko but she ends up paying a fairly 
steep price.

Mistakes and Reunions	Part 7

A Disastrous Plan


A week had passed and everyone accepted the fact that there was nothing they 
could do for Ryoko.  Everyone also got to know Takara a lot better and 
everyone seemed to like her well enough.  Ayeka, however, felt that she 
acted too much like Ryoko for her tastes.

"Suppers ready!" Sasami shouted from the kitchen doorway.  Takara was in the 
kitchen, putting plates on the table for everyone.  Ayeka walked in and sat 
down at the table in silence.  Sasami gave her a worried look before 
continuing with supper.  Ayeka had been really quiet the past couple of 
days.

"Ayeka?  Is something bothering you?" Sasami asked worriedly.  Ayeka looked 
at her and smiled

"No, Sasami.  I'm fine," Ayeka said.  Tenchi and the others then walked in 
the room and started to take their seats.  Sasami noticed that Washu wasn't 
with them.

"Tenchi? Do you think you could go tell Washu that supper is ready?" Sasami 
asked as she started to put food on the table.

"Sure, Sasami," Tenchi said as he headed for Washu's lab.  He opened the 
door and looked around.

"Washu?" Tenchi called as he closed the door behind him.  He walked to where 
she had Ryoko and saw her sitting there, staring at Ryoko through the glass 
tank.

"Washu?" Tenchi said as he walked over to her.  She slowly looked over at 
him with a pained look on her face.

"Yes, Tenchi?" she asked in a distant voice.  It was almost like she wasn't 
there.  It was like it was only a ghost talking and not the real Washu.

"Is everything ok?" Tenchi asked as he looked at her face.  Washu smiled and 
let out a small laugh.

"I'm sorry Tenchi.  I'm fine.  I'm just upset at myself for not helping 
Ryoko," Washu said as she looked at the unconscious girl again.  Tenchi gave 
her a curious look before turning his gaze to Ryoko.  He felt a heaviness 
weigh at his heart when he looked at Ryoko.  There was nothing he could do 
to help her.

"What are you talking about, Washu?  You helped her more than you think.  If 
it weren't for you, she would surely be dead," Tenchi said in his usual 
positive voice.  Washu issued another small laugh and looked at him.

"Positive as always I see.  I know.  She'll be ok.  I know she will," Washu 
said in the same distant voice as before.  Tenchi looked at Ryoko for a 
little while longer before shaking his head to ride his mind of all the bad 
things that could possibly happen.

"Sasami wanted me to tell you that supper is ready.  You really should get 
something to eat.  You haven't been eating right for a while now.  We're 
starting to get worried," Tenchi said as he placed a hand on Washu's 
shoulder.  She looked at him and smiled.

"Don't worry about me, Tenchi.  I'm a lot stronger than I look," Washu said 
before turning back to the tank.  "You go ahead.  I might come out later."

"Ok, Washu.  As long as you get something to eat," Tenchi said as he turned 
and walked away.  He left the lab and headed for the supper table when 
Takara meet him half way.

"How's Ryoko?" she asked.  Tenchi smiled and rustled the hair on her head.

"She's just fine.  Washu has everything under control," Tenchi said as he 
headed back to supper.  Takara looked in the direction of the lab and then 
slowly followed Tenchi who was waiting for her.  She had a feeling that 
Washu was up to something.  She didn't know whether it was good or bad and 
that scared her.

					*		*		*

"Mecha-Washu.  Come here," Washu said as she watched the tank.  Mecha-Washu 
walked over to her and waited for Washu to speak.

"I want you to listen carefully and do everything that I tell you, got it?" 
Washu asked the robot.  Mecha-Washu nodded and awaited her orders patiently. 
  Washu listed off things that she wanted the robot to do and Mecha-Washu 
listened carefully like she was told.   After Washu finished her briefing, 
she asked Mecha-Wahsu to repeat the list of jobs.  She did so and everything 
was there and in order.  Washu couldn't help but smile at her own genius.  
She had created Mecha-Washu and she had done a fine job.

"All right.  Let's get this over with," Washu said in a low, serious voice.  
Mecha-Wahsu nodded and got in position for her first job.

					*		*		*

After supper, everyone went and did their own thing.  Kyione and Mihoshi 
Went back to their apartment because they had to get up early for work, 
Grandfather went back to the shrine, Noboyuki locked himself in his room and 
did...whatever he did, and the others settled on the couch to watch TV.

"I wonder where Washu is? I didn't see her at supper.  Maybe I should go 
check on her," Sasami asked as she got up and started for the lab.  Takara 
jumped up and grabbed Sasami's arm to prevent her from going.

"I think we should leave Washu alone," Takara said as she released her 
friend's arm.  Sasami looked at her in confusion.

"What do you think she's doing?" Ayeka asked as she looked at the little 
girl.  Takara looked at the floor and thought for a moment and then raised 
her gaze to the older princess.

"I don't know, but I have a feeling she doesn't want to be disturbed," 
Takara said.

"All she was doing when I went in there was looking at Ryoko.  Sure she was 
a little out of it, but she didn't say anything about not being disturbed," 
Tenchi said as he walked over to the two small girls.  Ayeka got up and 
walked towards the lab in curiosity.  She then stopped and looked back at 
the others.

"What makes you think this, Takara?" she asked.  Takara shrugged her 
shoulders and looked at the floor.

"I...I don't know.  I just have this feeling we shouldn't walk in on her 
right now," said the little girl as she continued to look at the floor.

"Well, I, for one, am curious as to why you feel like this.  I'm going to go 
see what she's doing," Ayeka said as she turned and walked towards the lab.  
Sasami and Tenchi followed.

"I don't think this is a good idea," Takara said as she reluctantly followed 
the others.  They reached the lab but for some reason, Ayeka hesitated in 
opening the door.  Takara now had the princess worried.  She didn't want to 
get caught in the middle of one of Washu's experiments.  Tenchi then walked 
past her and opened the door.  They could hear someone talking quietly as 
they entered the lab.  The recognized it as Washu's voice and walked over to 
where Ryoko's tank was.  They were surprised and confused at what they saw 
as they entered the room.  Washu was in a similar tank next to Ryoko with 
wires running from her to a small computer that was attached to the tank.  
Her eyes were open and she appeared to be conscious but she didn't seem to 
realize they were there.  Mecha-Washu was half typing commands into the 
computer and half saying them.  The robot then moved to Ryoko's tank and did 
the same thing.

"Washu!" Tenchi shouted as he ran to the tank Washu was in.  Washu the 
realized that the others were there and looked at them with a straight face. 
  Mecha_Washu turned and faced them with a blank robot look on her face.

"What is she doing?" Tenchi demanded of the robot.

"She's helping Ryoko.  Please don't interfere," Mecha-Washu said as she 
turned back to the computer to finish the final preparations.

"Helping Ryoko?" Ayeka said in a confused voice.  "How is her doing this 
going to help Ryoko?"

"I don't know but I don't like it!" Tenchi said as he looked at Washu in the 
tank.  Her eyes kept her straight face as she watched them through the 
glass.    Mecha-Washu then looked up at her and waited for her to give the 
go ahead.  Washu looked at the robot and nodded her head slowly.  She looked 
at the others before closing her eyes again.  Mecha-Washu nodded and started 
to punch in some more commands but Tenchi was determined to stop this before 
Washu or Ryoko got hurt.  He went to Mecha-Washu and hit the button on the 
back of her neck, disabling her.  Her eyes went black and she fell over onto 
the control panel, causing is to make commands that it wasn't suppose to 
make.  As the robot slid off the panel, her hand hit the 'start' button.

"NO!!" Takara screamed as she saw what Tenchi did.  This was bad and she 
knew it.  Tenchi looked up in time to see Washu clamp her eyes shut before a 
flash of light sent everyone stumbling back.

					*		*		*

Noboyuki was sitting on his bed, watching on of his 'movies' when all of a 
sudden the screen went blank and the lights dimmed before going out 
completely.

"What!! What's going on!  It was at the best part!" he yelled as he got up 
and walked over to the TV.  He pushed the power button but nothing happened. 
  He scratched his head and looked around.  It was completely dark and he 
light a candle that he found on his nightstand.

"Why did all the light's go out I wonder," he thought to himself.  He walked 
out of his room and down the stairs.  He tried the TV in the living room and 
got no response.

"What's going on here?" he asked out loud.

"Maybe Washu will know what this is all about," he said as he walked to the 
lab.  He could see a faint glow emitting from the space under the door and 
cocked his head in confusion.

"I hate to bug her when she's working but I need to know what's going on.  
This is an emergency.  She'll understand," he said as he opened the door.  
He looked around and saw that the source of the light was coming from the 
other room where Ryoko was.  He walked around the corner and shielded his 
eyes from the glare.  His eyes adjusted to the light and he saw Tenchi and 
the others on the ground, covering their eyes.

"What's going on?" Noboyuki asked as he huddled next to them.

"Dad!  What are you doing here?" Tenchi asked as he lowered his arm a 
little.

"All the power is out.  I though Washu might know what's going on," he said 
as he looked at the others.  They all looked towards the tanks but all they 
could make out right know was the tanks themselves.  They still couldn't see 
Washu or Ryoko due to the bright light.  Noboyuki cocked his head again in 
confusion as he shielded his eyes from the intense light.

"What's going on?" he asked.  The light from the tanks then started to die 
down to reveal a still unconscious Ryoko and Washu who looked like she was 
in severe pain.  Her hands were at her temples and her face was twisted in a 
silent scream as she held her head.

"Washu!" Takara yelled as she got to her feet.  The light that had faded 
started to build again and Washu started to shake in the tank. Takara ran 
over to Mecha-Washu and hit the button on the back o her neck.  Her eyes lit 
up as she got to her feet.

"Mecha-Washu, do something!" Takara yelled.  The robot looked into space and 
didn't react to the little girl's pleas for help.  Takara looked at Washu 
who was rolled up into the fetal position in the tank.

"Hold on Washu!" Takara shouted as she went to the control panel.  She 
looked at the buttons and for some strange reason, she knew what to do.  The 
others looked at her in confusion as she started to type into the panel, 
causing the light to die completely.

"Tenchi, go get mo...uh I mean Ryoko out of that tank," Takara said as she 
continued typing.  Tenchi looked at her in surprise at her knowledge of 
Washu's machine.  Takara turned and looked at him as he stood there, 
dumbfounded.

"Hurry!  Before she falls out!" Takara shouted at him, breaking him out of 
his trance.  He looked over at Ryoko and saw that the water had been drained 
and she was leaning against the glass.  He ran over and caught her as the 
door to the tank slid open.

"Ryoko!" Tenchi said as he cradled the half-awake Ryoko in his arms.  She 
looked at him and tried to speak but nothing came out.

"Is she ok?" Sasami asked as she knelt next to Tenchi.  Ryoko looked over at 
the little girl and smiled weakly.  Sasami smiled back at her and looked 
over at Takara, who was dealing with Washu.  She had opened the tank and was 
now placing the unconscious scientist on the floor.

"Washu!" Sasami cried as she ran over to her.  Takara looked up at Sasami as 
she arrived at her side.

"She's alive," Takara said as she checked Washu's pulse.  It was weak but it 
was there.

"What's going on here?" Noboyuki asked as he scratched his head.

"I don't know.  We came in and saw Washu in this tank.  Mecha-Washu was 
typing something and said that she was trying to help Ryoko," Tenchi said as 
he held Ryoko.  She had closed her eyes but she was till listening.

"How was that going to help Ryoko?" Noboyuki asked as he examined the tanks.

"The plan was to give Ryoko her healing powers for a short while, but 
something went wrong when Mecha-Washu was turned off.  She hit some wrong 
buttons as she slid down the control panel," Takara explained as she stood 
over Washu.  She looked at Tenchi and he hung his head in shame for what he 
had done.

"I'm sorry.  I didn't think it would happen like that," he said in a sad 
voice.

"It's ok, Tenchi.  You didn't know that was going to happen," Sasami said as 
she put a hand on his shoulder.  He looked down at Ryoko who was looking at 
him with sympathy in her eyes.  She opened her mouth to speak but Tenchi 
silenced her.

"Don't speak, Ryoko.  You need your rest," he said as he got to his feet 
with Ryoko in his arms.  He looked at Sasami and Noboyuki.

"You two stay here and help Takara with Washu.  Ayeka, you come with me," 
Tenchi said as he headed for the house.  Ayeka looked at him in protest but 
followed like she was told.

"Noboyuki, help me carry her," Takara said as she got up and headed for the 
main room.

					*		*		*

Tenchi entered Ryoko's room and placed her in the chair next to her bed.  
She had woken up a bit on the walk up here and had a little bit of strength 
to sit up, but that was about it.  Ayeka watched with worry as Tenchi knelt 
down in front of Ryoko.  She didn't know what her role in this was.

"How do you feel, Ryoko?" Tenchi asked as he held the side of her face in 
his hand.

"Tired," she said weakly as she allowed Tenchi to hold her face.  She felt 
terrible for what she had done to him and she felt like she couldn't face 
him like this.  She also felt bad for what she had done to Washu.  She had 
done so much to hurt her yet she willingly sacrificed her healing powers to 
save her.  She then felt she had no right to live.

"Well, you get some rest, ok?" he asked and Ryoko nodded slowly.

"Ayeka?" Tenchi said as he turned and faced the princess.  She looked at him 
in question as he got up and walked over to her.

"Will you help her get some dry clothes on?" he asked as he stood in front 
of her.

"What?" Ayeka asked with surprise.

"Please, Ayeka?  She's tired and weak.  She can't do it on her own," Tenchi 
said as he waited for the pirate to protest.  He was relieved that she 
didn't.  He didn't want to have to do it himself.

"Tenchi..." Ryoko said as she sat in the chair.  Tenchi turned and looked at 
her.  Maybe she would protest.

"I can do it," she said as she looked at him with tired eyes.

"Can you at least stay with her in case she needs help?" Tenchi asked Ayeka 
as he turned to face her again.  He knew it was no use trying to convince 
Ryoko that she needed help.  Ayeka let out a long sigh and closed her eyes.

"I will, but only because you asked me to, Tenchi," Ayeka said in a soft, 
unhappy voice.

"Thank you, Ayeka," Tenchi said as he gave her a friendly hug.  Ayeka's eyes 
widened at the hug but soon a small smile crossed her face.  He let go and 
walked out of the room.  Ayeka looked at Ryoko who had turned her back to 
the princess.

"Like I said, I'm only doing this for Tenchi," Ayeka said as she turned 
around to give Ryoko her privacy.

"I don't need your help," Ryoko said bitterly as she proceeded to take her 
wet clothes off.  Ayeka stood there, looking at the door in silence.  She 
was a little surprised to find that she felt bad for the pirate.  What had 
happened that had caused her injuries?  She couldn't take it any more.  She 
had to know.

"Ryoko, what happened?" she asked.

"That's none of your business," Ryoko said as she wrestled with her wet 
clothes.

"You don't have to be so rude!  It was just a question," Ayeka said 
defensively.

"Sorry.  I'm just in a bad mood, ok?" Ryoko said after a long pause.  Ayeka 
was caught a little off guard at the apology but accepted it none the less.  
She tilted her head quizzically as she heard a whimper from the pirate 
behind her.  She turned and saw Ryoko struggling with the sleeves of her 
shirt.  She stopped for a moment to rest and then started her struggle 
again.  Ayeka felt pity wash over her again as she watched the struggling 
pirate.  She really didn't have any strength seeing she couldn't even get 
her clothes off by herself.

"Let me help," Ayeka said as she approached Ryoko.  She was surprised that 
Ryoko let her help her.  She didn't say any harsh words to get the princess 
away from her and that was odd.  Ayeka stood behind her and helped her slid 
her arms out of the wet sleeves and walked over to the closet and grabbed an 
oversized T-shirt and walked back to Ryoko who was holding her arms across 
her chest.

"Here," Ayeka said as she slid the T-shirt over Ryoko's head and guided her 
arms through the sleeves. Ryoko then wrapped her arms around her chest again 
and started to cry.  Ayeka took a step back in surprise as the pirate broke 
down in front of her.  She had never seen Ryoko cry like that before and it 
was quite a shock.  Ryoko's body shook as she cried and Ayeka could think of 
nothing to comfort her.

* This must be hard for her.  She's never had to depended on anyone and here 
she is, getting help from her rival, just to get her clothes on * Ayeka 
thought as she watched Ryoko cry.  After the tears slowed down, Ryoko lifted 
her head.

"I'm sorry," she said in a soft voice.  Ayeka shook her head in protest.

"You have nothing to be sorry about.  I understand this must be hard for 
you," she said in an equally soft voice.

"Do you think Washu will be ok?" Ryoko asked in a shaky voice.  Ayeka 
thought about the condition the scientist was in and let out a sigh.

"I don't know.  I still don't fully understand what happened," Ayeka said as 
she watched Ryoko hold herself tighter.

"It's all my fault.  If I hadn't done what I did, none of this would have 
happened," Ryoko said as she started to break down again.  Ayeka shifted her 
weight from one foot to the other as she watched Ryoko cry.  She felt so 
useless.  There was nothing she could do to provide comfort for the pirate.

"Don't blame yourself, Ryoko.  Washu chose to do what she did," Ayeka said, 
trying to reassure Ryoko.  Ryoko raised her head slightly as she thought 
about this.

"I've put her through more pain than you can even imagine, princess," Ryoko 
said.  Ayeka looked at her in question as she said this.  Washu did seem 
pretty upset when Ryoko had disappeared.  Ayeka thought it would be best if 
they ended this conversation.  She respected that fact that Ryoko didn't 
want to talk about what happened.  This conversation could lead into a fight 
if she wasn't careful.

"You need your rest, Ryoko.  Let's get you into bed," Ayeka said as she put 
a hand on Ryoko's shoulder and held out her other hand to help her up from 
the chair.  Ryoko looked at Ayeka's hand for a moment and then took it in 
her own hand.  This was the first time that Ayeka had willingly touched 
Ryoko and she was surprised to find that her grip was soft and gentle.  It 
was almost like a mother's grip.  Caring and warm.  Ayeka lead Ryoko to the 
bed and she collapsed onto the soft surface.  Tears were still running down 
her face as she lay there with her eyes closed.  Ayeka then lifted the 
covers and placed them over Ryoko.

"Is there anything else you need?" Ayeka asked as she looked at the pirate.

"No," was all she said.  Ayeka stood there for a moment before turning to 
leave the room.

"Ayeka?" Ryoko said as the princess opened the door.  She turned and looked 
at Ryoko who was now looking at her with tear filled eyes.

"Yes?" she said in an unsure voice.

"Thank you," she said softly before closing her eyes and turning her head 
away.  Ayeka couldn't help but smile as the pirate showed her feelings.

"Your welcome," she replied in a soft voice.  She left the room and closed 
the door.  She stood there, thinking about what just happened.  She had just 
seen a side of Ryoko that she had never even thought was there.  She cared 
about Washu more than she liked to admit.  Ayeka thought she was a selfish 
bitch that only cared about herself.  She just witnessed something that 
threw those thoughts right out of her head.  She had more of a potential 
friend in Ryoko than she thought.  Ayeka then walked to the living room to 
meet Tenchi and see what he had to say about this whole thing.

					*		*		*

Takara placed a cool wash cloth on Washu's forehead as she lay in her bed.  
Noboyuki had carried her into the main room followed by Sasami as Takara 
called up Washu's bedroom door.  She didn't know why she was able to do 
these things but she didn't question them too much.  Her abilities had 
helped so far.  Sasami left to go fix some tea when they entered the room.  
Washu opened her eyes when Noboyuki placed her on the bed.

"What happened?" she asked in a small, weak voice.

"Don't worry.  Just rest," Takara said as Noboyuki left the room.  Washu 
looked around before closing her eyes.

"Just get your rest, Washu.  I'll take care of everything," Takara said as 
she looked at the scientist.

"What about Ryoko?" Washu managed to say.

"She's awake and fine.  She's just a little tired.  Tenchi brought her 
upstairs to her room and is keeping an eye on her," Takara said.  Washu 
looked at her with probing eyes.  Takara looked away so Washu wouldn't see 
her distress.  Her mother was alive and was going to recover but something 
inside her didn't feel right.  She didn't know why though.  Washu closed her 
eyes and was soon asleep.  Takara looked at her and smiled.

"You're worried about her still.  I know, because I feel the same way," 
Takara said to herself.  She got up and went to the door but turned and 
looked at Washu once again.  She then left the room and headed for the 
living room, hoping that someone would be there.

					*		*		*

Tenchi sat on the couch and waited for everyone to join him.

"Here, Tenchi," Sasami said as she placed a cup of tea in his hands.

"Thanks, Sasami," he said as he gratefully took the cup from the small girl. 
  She sat down next to him and sipped on her own cup of tea.

"Do you think Ryoko and Washu will be ok?" she asked in a worried voice.  
Tenchi smiled as he sipped his tea.

"They'll be fine.  Don't worry," he said.

"Lord Tenchi?" Ayeka said as she reached the bottom of stairs.  Tenchi 
turned and saw that Ayeka was looking at him with worry.

"Ayeka.  How is Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.  Ayeka didn't feel jealousy wash 
through her like she usually did at the space pirate's name.  She knew that 
he was worried for a good reason.  Everyone in the house was worried about 
her, including herself.

"She's fine.  I only have one question to ask of you," she said as she 
walked over to him.

"What is it, Ayeka?" he asked in confusion.

"Please make sure that Washu will be ok.  Please?" Ayeka pleaded as she 
stared into his eyes.  He nodded his head and smiled at her.

"Of course I will, Ayeka.  Takara is with her right now but she'll be out 
soon," Tenchi said as he sat back down on the couch.  Ayeka and Sasami 
joined him and started to sip on some tea.

"So, did she need some help?" Tenchi asked, trying to change the mood.  He 
figured that Ayeka would have a silly little story to tell that would bring 
a smile to their faces.

"A little, yes," she said as she continued to sip her tea.  Tenchi expected 
her to say more but she didn't.  He was about to say something to her but 
Takara walked in, catching his attention.

"How is Washu?" he asked as she sat down in the chair across from the couch.

"She's fine for now.  I went through Mecha-Washu's memory banks and looked 
at the orders Washu had given her.  I also looked at the commands that she 
hit when she slid off the panel and they aren't good," Takara said as she 
sipped her tea.  The others looked at her with wide eyes as she spoke.  
Takara looked at her cup to avoid their shocked faces.  She didn't know how 
she knew how to do these things and it kind of scared her a little.  It was 
like someone turned on a light inside a dark room inside her.  She found a 
new form of understanding deep within her, which made everything easier to 
comprehend.

"She had the settings set to only give Ryoko her healing powers, but as 
Mech-Washu slid off the control panel, she adjusted them from healing powers 
to life energy.  If the program hadn't been terminated, Washu would have 
died.  I did what I could to restore her energy, but she still has a ways to 
go before she's back to normal," Takara said as she took another long sip of 
tea.  The others could only look at her in surprise as she told them what 
happened.

"How do you know all this, Takara?" Tenchi finally asked.  The little girl 
looked at him with a slightly frightened look.

"I don't know.  It was like someone was telling me how to do these things.  
I can't explain it," she said as she refilled her cup.

"It was like who was telling you?" Ayeka asked as she refilled her own cup.

"I don't know.  Like I said, I can't explain it," Takara said as she got up 
and walked to the lab and out of sight.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
* *

What do you think?  Like always, replies are GREATLY appreciated.  Please, 
please send them to ryoko_washu2222@hotmail.com!!  Thanks!!










