	Just so you know, almost all of these characters aren't mine. They belong 
to ACI and Pioneer LDC, Inc. One is mine and that's it. Please don't sue me! 
I've read a lot of fan fictions and I haven't seen one like this before so I 
thought I would write about it. If anyone else has this story line, I apologize. 
I'm honestly not looking to piss anyone off. I'm just trying to have fun. I'm 
also tired of reading the same story line about how Ryoko gets Tenchi. She gets 
him in this one but it has a slight twist to it. This is my first so please 
don't hate me.
People call me angiesangel and my story is mainly about Ryoko and Washu. The 
others notice that Ryoko is acting out of character. Washu also notices and 
finds out something she never knew about her daughter. This is my first so all 
feedback is appreciated. 
Mistakes and Reunions     Part 1
Ryoko's Dream
 
The night was quiet at the Masaki residence. Everyone was snug in their beds. 
Even Ryoko, who is usually watching Tenchi sleep, was in her own bed for a 
change. It wasn't a peaceful sleep like everyone else's, though. Ryoko tossed 
and turned in her bed as she dreamed. Sweat poured down her face as the 
nightmare filled her head. She started to cry in her sleep as she gripped the 
covers in her fists. This wasn't the first time she's had this dream. It's been 
haunting her for a long time. 
       *  *  *
Washu was in her lab finishing up an experiment she had been working on for a 
couple of days. She stretched and yawned as she got up from her floating chair
<I really need to cut back on the late nights> she thought to herself as she 
scratched the back of her neck. <I wonder what Ryoko's thinking about. I haven't 
rummaged through her thoughts lately.> 
At that she closed her eyes and almost immediately, she could see Ryoko's dream. 
People were running in every direction as Ryoko flew through the streets. They 
were being chased and tormented by some dragon-like demon. Wahsu couldn't tell 
where Ryoko was in this dream, nor could she figure out what these demons were. 
Nothing looked familiar. Ryoko had her sword out in front of her, using it like 
a plow to get the demons out of her way. She would stop every now and then to 
help someone but only if they needed it. 
<What is this?> Wahsu thought as she watched the dream unfold. Ryoko reached a 
castle that was being guarded by the demons. This didn't stop Ryoko though. She 
brought her hands up and concentrated all of her energy into a ball and let it 
fly. Demons flew in every direction as she proceeded through the massive 
doorway. She seemed to be looking for something. Ryoko flew through the 
hallways, destroying demons left and right. But then she stopped and listened. 
Washu could hear a man in one of the rooms. Ryoko flew fast in the direction the 
voice was coming from. She phased through the door and there was a man being 
attacked by a demon and he seemed to be loosing. The man looked over at Ryoko 
and the demon took this opportunity.  It lashed out and got the man right across 
the stomach. Blood flowed in rivers as the man clutched his stomach, trying to 
keep his insides from falling out. Ryoko let out a grunt and was on the demon in 
a flash. After a brief struggle, she defeated the demon and went to the wounded 
man's side. His face was covered with blood and his hand was trying to hold in 
his insides as he sat in Ryoko's arms.
"Yushito?" Ryoko said in a weak voice, tears in her eyes. The man looked up at 
her and raised his hand to touch her face. Ryoko held him in her lap, running 
her fingers through his hair trying to comfort him.
"Ry..ok..o" his voice was soft and fragile. Ryoko knew he wasn't going to live. 
Tears filled her eyes as he stroked the side of her face.
"You can't leave me now, Yushito. I need you," Ryoko said as the tears started 
to fall. 
"I'll..be..ok. Don't wor...ry about...me," he said," I'll...be ok," he assured 
her. She didn't believe him. She cried even harder as she looked into his eyes. 
They were full of pain. "I won't... ever lea...ve you," he said. He slipped away 
just as he finished his sentence. He closed his eyes and his hand fell limply to 
his side. 
"Yushito? YUSHITO!" Ryoko's tears fell faster as the man lay dead in her arms. 
She could feel a scream forming deep in her throat. She knew she couldn't let it 
out. The last thing she needed right know was a herd of demons hassling her. She 
held Yushito tightly, trying to muffle her sobs. Washu was confused by all of 
this. 
<Is this a dream or is it a memory? Did Ryoko really go through this or is it 
something from a T.V show she watched? How could this be a memory? She was 
captured and enslaved by Kagato.> Washu asked herself. <Hmm...If it was because 
of a T.V show, than I'm pretty sure this Yushito character would have been 
Tenchi.> Washu thought about this for a moment before reaching the conclusion 
that it was a memory. But how could that be? This worried Washu and she thought 
about this secret Ryoko has kept for so many years. She also searched through 
her own memories to see if there was a time span in which Ryoko would have had 
time to find a love.  She saw none and this only confused her more.  She let out 
a long sigh before returning to Ryoko's dream. 		
       *  *  *
Ryoko was whining in her sleep as her dream continued. She was running through a 
field of flowers, watching the demons up ahead. She was scared of what she might 
find. She had left something very precious to her there with a couple of the 
guards from the castle. Ryoko thought it might have been safe seeing she left 
them in a field that was nowhere near the castle. Ryoko arrived at the spot to 
find the two guards fighting off some demons but she didn't see what she was 
looking for. Ryoko rushed in on the fight and helped the guards. 
"Where is she!?" Ryoko screamed after the fight ended. "Well!?"
"S-s-she's g-gone," the guard said in a trembling voice as he raised his arms to 
ward off an attack, not like it would do any good.
"What do you mean she's gone!" Ryoko screamed as she started towards the 
frightened guard.
"W-we had her run w-when the d-demons came! I s-swear!" The guard stuttered, 
trying desperately to think of a way to calm Ryoko down. Ryoko just stood there 
with her fists balled at her sides and her teeth clenched, trying not to rip the 
guard to shreds. She closed her eyes and just stood there quietly. The guard was 
confused and looked at Ryoko with a little less fear. Ryoko returned her gaze to 
the guard who jumped back a bit when their eyes meet. They were hard and 
unforgiving. 
"I'm going to ask you again," Ryoko said in a calm voice that startled the 
guard. He swallowed hard and tried to regain his posture. "Where is she? Where 
is Takara?" Ryoko said as all the muscles in her body tensed. 
"We saw the demon's coming so we told her to run for the woods. I don't know 
where she is right now but I know you'll find her." The guard said, trying to 
reassure Ryoko. Ryoko just looked at him with furry in her eyes. She was ready 
to kill this man for his ignorance. The whole point of leaving Takara here with 
them was so that she wouldn't be alone. Without saying a word, Ryoko was off to 
search the forest for Takara. She looked everywhere but saw no sign of her. She 
looked for a while longer and went back to where the guards were only to find 
them dead.
<Oh Well. I probably would have killed them anyway> Ryoko thought as she looked 
at the mutilated bodies. She looked up to the sky and was startled to see a man 
in a long black cape hovering above her. Ryoko jumped back and created her sword 
but the man just hovered there, looking down on her and chuckling lightly to 
himself.  Washu thought that the man was Kagato at first but on second glace, 
she saw that it wasn't.  
"Who are you and what do you want with my people!" Ryoko demanded.
"I want your people dead," He said matter-of-factly. Ryoko looked at him with 
hatred and had this urge to stab him in the throat with her sword but he spoke 
before she had a chance to act.
"Your too late. She's gone and you'll probably never see her again, I assure 
you. Oh, and don't bother looking for her. You won't find her," He said. Ryoko's 
eyes grew large as she stared at him and her mouth went dry. Takara then 
appeared next to him in the arms of a demon.  She was unconscious and limp in 
the demon's arms. Every muscle in her body was screaming for her to jump on him 
and kill him but she couldn't move. Her eyes were fix on the small girl.  She 
wanted to know more but before she had a chance to speak, he was gone and so was 
Takara. She could hear his laughter as he phased out and left her in the field. 
Ryoko dropped to her knees and tried to fight the tears but she couldn't help 
it. 
"TAKARA!!!!" Ryoko screamed in the silence of the field. She lowered her head 
and cried over her losses. First her husband and now her daughter. All she could 
do was cry because there was no way to get either of them back and it was all 
her fault that they were gone.
				       *  *  * 
Washu had had enough. She didn't even finish watching the dream.  She knew where 
it was headed.  She walked out of her lab nto the dark hallway and walked up the 
stairs and stood in front of Ryoko's door. She could hear Ryoko's voice getting 
louder. She opened the door and saw Ryoko sprawled out on her bed. Her face was 
streaked with tears and her body was covered with sweat. She started to thrash 
as the dream neared its end. Wahsu walked over to the bed and looked at Ryoko's 
pain ridden face. Ryoko's eye's suddenly popped open as she lunged forward. 
Washu quickly grabbed her by the shoulders and looked her in the eyes.
"It's ok Ryoko! It was just a dream! It's ok!" Washu said in soothing yet firm 
voice. Ryoko looked at her before landed back in the real world. She looked at 
Washu with tears in her eyes. Washu could see the hurt in her daughter's face 
and tried to comfort her. She embraced Ryoko. Ryoko struggled at first, seeing 
as she didn't really get along very well with her, but soon succumbed to it and 
started to cry. Her cries quickly turned into sobs. Washu stroked Ryoko's long 
cyan hair as her daughter cried on her shoulder. She did all she could to quiet 
Ryoko down before she woke up the whole house. 
"It's ok Ryoko. It was only a dream. Everything is ok now," Wahsu whispered as 
Ryoko cried. "That's all in the past now. You're alive and with people who love 
you."
"No," Ryoko said. "It's not ok. Why? Why did that happen? Why were they taken 
away from me?" Washu just sat there, thinking of how she felt when her husband 
and son where taken from her. Ryoko lifted her head and looked at her mother 
with teary eyes. Washu felt Ryoko's pain. She hugged Ryoko again and let out a 
long sigh. She really did want to think about the past but she guessed there was 
no avoiding it.
"No one knows why these things happen. They just happen. Either you live with it 
or you let it eat at you. I know what your going through, Ryoko. The same thing 
happened to me when your I lost my first child. It haunted my dreams for years. 
Everything turned out ok though. You're here with me now. You were taken from me 
once and I won't let anything take that away from me again."  
Washu was on the verge of tears. Bringing back those memories of her past were 
hard for her. The memories of the long, restless nights and the painful 
addictions to drugs to help ease the pain of her loss. She just hoped that Ryoko 
wouldn't do anything like that. It only makes things harder. 
Ryoko was looking at her hands that were folded in her lap as she thought about 
what Washu said. She had never really listened to Washu before but right now, it 
seemed to make sense.  Washu watched Ryoko and hoped that what she said was 
sinking in. Tears started to form in Ryoko's eyes again and Washu pulled her in 
for another hug. Ryoko accepted the embrace and cried quietly on Washu's 
shoulder. Washu stoked Ryoko's hair and thought of her own past. She couldn't 
help it. They memories were now fresh in her head. She thought of the pain and 
anguish she went through over the loss of her child and the money she wasted on 
drugs. But the memory that stuck out in her head the most is the reaction from 
everyone when they found out about her addiction to drugs. Washu shuddered at 
the thought and decided to put the memories away. Ryoko had cried for a little 
while longer before falling asleep. Washu laid her down on her bed and kissed 
her on the forehead.
"It's going to be ok. Just don't turn out like I did," Washu whispered and 
walked out of the room. She closed the door and slid down until she was sitting 
on the floor. She pulled her knees up and put her head in her hands and cried. 
				        *  *  * 
Morning light spilled through the window and into Ryoko's face. She sat up and 
rubbed the sleep from her eyes and thought about the previous night. She 
remembered the dream and Washu letting her cry on her shoulder. Ryoko was 
ashamed of herself. She never thought she would ever need any help from anyone. 
Especially Washu, but she was almost happy that the scientist was there.  Why, 
though?  She had made itthis far on her own.  Why was she now resorting to other 
people for comfort? Ryoko looked out the window and watched as the sun played in 
the clouds. She knew Sasami would be waking people up for breakfast. Ryoko 
wasn't really hungry so she decided to get up and leave before anyone saw her. 
Just as she finished getting dressed, someone knocked on the door. Ryoko groaned 
and waited for them to open the door.
"Ryoko? Ryoko are you up?" It was Sasami. Ryoko knew she had to go to breakfast 
or the others will wonder if something was wrong. They'll probably think 
something is wrong because of her loss of appetite but at least she'll be able 
to explain herself. 
"Yeah I'm up," Ryoko said. "I'll be down in a minute," and with that she phased 
through the floor and was sitting at the table. Sasami came down the stairs and 
smiled at Ryoko as she walked into the kitchen. Everyone was already at the 
table, except Wahsu of course. Ryoko looked at the food Sasami had made and she 
could feel her stomach warning her not to touch it. Ryoko just played with her 
food without any intention of eating it. All she could do was think of her dream 
and what Washu had told her. 
"Ryoko, is something wrong? You haven't touched your food?" Tenchi asked from 
across the table. Ryoko looked up at him and noticed everyone was waiting for 
her answer.
"Uh...it's nothing really. I'm just not hungry, that's all," She said.  Her 
thoughts were on the dream and tears started to form in her eyes as she thought 
obout it.  She put her fork down as got up and walked to the door.
<So much for explaining myself> Ryoko thought as she reached the door. She 
looked up and noticed Washu standing in front of her. Washu looked at her and 
then at the table and then back to Ryoko again. Ryoko just stood there looking 
at her mother. 
* I'd ask what's wrong but I already know * Wahsu said through their psychic 
link. Ryoko just looked away and closed her eyes. She could feel the tears 
coming as she remembered her dream but she wasn't going to let the others see 
that.
* Ryoko...* 
* I'll be fine * Ryoko said before disappearing. Washu just stood there, hoping 
Ryoko wasn't going to do anything stupid.
				       *  *  *
After breakfast, Sasami cleared the table with Tenchi to help her.
"I wonder what's wrong with Ryoko," Sasami said as she washed the dishes.
"I don't know Sasami. I hope she'll be ok. Look. She didn't eat any of her 
breakfast," Tenchi said holding up Ryoko's full plate. 
"She just has a lot on her mind right know," Wahsu said from the doorway. Sasami 
and Tenchi looked at her a little startled seeing they didn't know she was 
standing there. They were hoping she would tell them what was wrong but she 
didn't. Washu looked at the floor and hesitated before walking back to her lab. 
Tenchi just looked at Sasami and shrugged his shoulders. Sasami was curious 
though. She stopped doing the dishes and walked to Washu's lab. 
"Washu?" Sasami called as she opened the door. Washu was sitting on her floating 
chair in the middle of the room with nothing but her laptop in front of her but 
even that wasn't doing anything. It was just sitting there, unused. Sasami 
closed the door and walked over to where Washu was sitting.
"If you think I'm going to tell you what's wrong with her, think again," Washu 
said as Sasami reached her side. Sasami just looked at her as she sat in her 
chair with a blank look on her face. Washu then looked down at the floor with 
tears in her eyes. 
"Washu, what's wrong?" Sasami asked as she saw the tears start to run down 
Washu's face.
"I can't talk about it right know. I'll tell you some other time," Washu said as 
she got up and disappeared through a door that magically popped up in front of 
her and she disappeared into it. Sasami stood there wondering why Washu and 
Ryoko were so upset. 
"What's going on?" 
				         *  *  *
Ayeka walked along the path leading to the pond that surrounded Funaho. She 
looked at Ryoko's favorite cherry tree, hoping to find her there and ask her 
what was wrong this morning. Unfortunately, she wasn't there. Ayeka kept on 
walking until she reached Funaho's pond. She sat on one of the large roots 
emerging from the ground. She thought about how Ryoko acted this morning at 
breakfast and how quickly she left when they started asking her questions. 
<I wonder what's wrong with her?> Ayeka wondered to herself. <And what's got 
Washu so upset?> Ayeka turned these thought's over and over in her head but all 
she could come up with was it was a touchy subject for both of them. Ryoko left, 
practically in tears and Sasami said that Washu was really upset and wouldn't 
talk to her.
<What's gotten into me? Since when do I care about Ryoko?> Ayeka thought as she 
looked into the serene pool of water. She had fought with Ryoko ever since they 
meet each other. They would battle over who would win Tenchi's heart. Ayeka did 
hate Ryoko.  At least she htought she did, but now she wasn't so sure.  She was 
curious as to what's wrong. She fought her because she was jealous. She just 
couldn't stand the idea of a demon like Ryoko stealing Tenchi away from her. 
Ayeka looked at the water and thought about this whole situation. She got up and 
started to walk down the path when she heard something rustling in Funaho's 
branches. Ayeka looked up and noticed something sitting in the tree. Just then, 
Ryo-ohki jumped out of the tree and landed in front of Ayeka.
"Oh! Ryo-ohki. What were you doing here?" Ayeka asked, not expecting to 
understand the answer seeing only Ryoko could understand the little fur ball.
"Miya," Ryo-ohki replied jumping up on Ayeka's shoulder making herself 
comfortable. Ayeka was about to push Ryo-ohki off her shoulder when she realized 
Ryo-ohki's sad expression. She also seemed upset but probably because she 
couldn't find Ryoko. 
"You want a ride home, don't you," Ayeka asked the cabbot. Ryo-ohki just meowed 
quietly as Ayeka walk towards home.
				        *  *  *
Ryoko walked through the crowded streets of Tokyo, trying to get that dream and 
Washu's comments off her mind. The city was a good place because no one would 
look for her there and if they did, they wuldn't be able to find her.  Ryoko 
walked for a while before someone stopped her. She turned around to see a fairly 
attractive young man with his hand on her shoulder. 

"You look upset. Is something wrong?" he asked in a gentle voice. Ryoko knew how 
she would normally answer his question but she looked into his eyes and saw 
something that made her reconsider her "kick in the nuts" answer. His eyes were 
warm and as blue as the sky and his smile made her feel safe. All she could do 
was stare at him.
"Miss?" he asked, breaking her thoughts. 
"Uh...no. Nothings wrong. I'm just...," she looked into his eyes was in that 
same trance.
"Just what?" he asked as she looked at him. Ryoko looked was snapped out of her 
trance once more.
"Lonely," she said after a short pause.
"I know how you feel. My date blew me off. I had reservations for dinner too," 
he said as he stared into her cat-like eyes. Ryoko felt butterflies rising in 
her stomach.
<Why am I acting like this? I've never felt this way about a stranger before,> 
Ryoko thought as she looked at him. His dirty blonde hair flew lightly in the 
breeze. His tan skin only brought out his eyes more and his smile was one that 
would make the women go crazy. 
<Why would anyone in their right mind blow this guy off?> Ryoko thought. 
"Hey!" he said breaking Ryoko's trance once again.
"What is it?" Ryoko asked wondering what he was talking about.
"The reservation was for two. Would you like to join me for dinner? It might 
help to have someone to talk to," he said. Ryoko thought about this for a 
moment. 
<I don't know anything about this guy and he's asking me out to dinner? No way! 
But...there's something about him...> 
"Uh...I don't know," Ryoko said hesitantly.
"Come on. It'll be good for both of us," he said as he put his hand back on her 
shoulder. Ryoko's gazes meet his again and she knew her answer.
"Ok."
*  *  *
Washu sat in her floating chair as she typed away on the keyboard of her laptop.  
She was worried about Ryoko and decided that it would be best if she found her.  
She stared at the screen and saw that Ryoko had gone to Tokyo.
<Why did she go there?> Washu thought as she watched Ryoko walk through the 
crowded streets.  A man then stopped her and started talking to her.  Washu 
frowned as Ryoko was drawn in by his good looks.  Washu watched as the two 
talked and then started to walk together.  The man called a Taxi and got in.  
Wahsu didn't want to watch anymore.  She was scared that she would see something 
she didn't want to.  She sighed as she rubbed her head.
<I might as well get some sleep> she thought as a door appeared in front of her.  
She walked through and laid on the bed that was in the corner of the room.  She 
thought of the previous night.  That was the first time that Ryoko had let her 
hug her.  Washu smiled as she slipped into a deep sleep.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
What do you think? Is it good? Is it bad? Mail me at ryoko_washu2222@hotmail.com 
and tell me what you think. Love to hear from you! 
