Ready to find out what happens? Let's start things out right. None of these 
characters are mine! They belong to ACI and Pioneer LDC, Inc. My story is 
drawing to and end! I think it is anyway.
This one is about how Tenchi and the others find a small girl at the 
carnival. Washu is extremely shocked by the little girl. Then everyone finds 
out what Ryoko did and why she did them when she returns home. They also 
find out a lot about the little girl and why her impact is so strong on a 
couple of the members of the Masaki household.

Mistakes and Reunions	Part 6

Lost and Found

The carnival was full of life and excitement. Everyone seemed to be having a 
great time. Even Washu was cheering up. All worries were forgotten as they 
explored the park.

"Oh! Let's go on this ride!" exclaimed Sasami as they neared a 
rollercoaster. Kiyone let out a moan as Mihoshi jumped around, clapping her 
hands with excitement.

"I think I'll sit this one out," Kiyone Groaned as the others counted their 
money.

"I think I will too," said Washu as she examined the ride. Her stomach did 
flops just thinking about the ride's twists and turns. Her and Kiyone sat on 
a nearby bench as the others got in line. They all looked on with joy as the 
line started to move.

"Having fun yet?" Kiyone asked as she watched the others.

"Yeah. What about you?" Washu asked as she looked over at Kiyone. She smiled 
back at Washu as she nodded. Washu was in a surprisingly good move despite 
what she had found out about Ryoko. This was the perfect thing to take her 
mind off of what troubled her. She watched as the others got on the ride 
with big smiles on their faces. She smiled at herself as she thought of the 
carnivals they use to hold at the academy. They weren't as big as this and 
they were a lot more complex, but the idea was the same. Washu looked around 
and spotted a young girl sitting on a bench a little ways away. She looked 
at the girl with a curious expression. She appeared to be about twelve and 
was sitting all by herself with her head in her hands. Something inside 
Washu told her to go to her. She didn't know why, but she trusted her 
instincts and got up from the bench.

					*		*		*

"Where are you going, Washu?" asked Kiyone as Washu began to walk away.   
She stopped and looked back at Kyione and then looked at the ground.  Why 
was she going over to that bench?  She didn't know that girl and it was 
probably best if she stayed away.  It really wasn't any of her business.

"Uh...nowhere really," Washu said as she walked back to Kyione. The ride had 
ended and the others had joined them at the bench.

"That was great!  You should have gone on, Washu," Tenchi said as he looked 
at the scientist.  Her attention, however, was directed elsewhere.  Tenchi 
followed her gaze but didn't see what she was looking at.

"What are you looking at, Washu?" Tenchi said as Washu snapped her head up.

"Uh, nothing.  Nothing at all," Washu said as she smiled at the others.  
Tenchi didn't buy this and looked at her with curiosity.

"Let's go get some cotton candy!" Sasami shouted.

"Yes.  That sounds good, Sasami.  Where's the stand?" Kyione asked as she 
looked around.

"Umm...Oh!  Over there!" Sasami said, pointing in the direction of the 
little girl.  Washu noticed that she was sitting next to the stand.

"Let's go then," Kyione said as she got up from the bench and followed the 
others to the stand.  Washu hesitated for a moment and then got up.

"Still worried, aren't you?" Tenchi asked as he walked beside Washu.  It 
wasn't really a question.  Washu nodded her head but never took her eyes off 
the little girl on the bench.

"Don't worry.  She'll be ok.  You just have to keep telling yourself that, 
Washu," Tenchi said as he placed a hand on her shoulder.  Washu almost 
didn't feel his grip on her shoulder as she continued to stare at the little 
girl.  Tenchi looked over at what Washu was looking at and wrinkled his face 
on confusion.

"Whay are you staring at that girl, Washu?" Tenchi asked.  Washu looked at 
him and smiled.

"No reason.  It's just that she seems upset about something," Washu said as 
she turned her gaze to the girl once again.  Tenchi looked at Washu and then 
at the girl again.  They were growing close to her and Tenchi decided to 
find out what was wrong as the others reached the stand and waited 
impatiently in line.

"Wait here," Tenchi said to Washu as he walked over to the little girl.  
Washu watched and took a few steps but stopped.  She really didn't want to 
go over there after all.  She just decided to watch from a distance.

					*		*		*

Tenchi walked over to the little girl and sat next to her on the bench.  He 
was a little surprised when she didn't look up at him.

"What's wrong?" he asked in a friendly voice.  The little girl lifted her 
head slightly but didn't look at Tenchi.

"Nothing," she said in a shaky voice.  Tenchi frowned and put a hand on her 
shoulder.  They little girl tensed at his touch and he drew his hand back.

"You look lonely.  Why don't you join my friends and me.  We're getting 
cotton candy and I would be more that happy to share mine with you," Tenchi 
said in a cheery voice.  Tenchi then got a good look at the girl's features 
as she lifted her head and looked at Tenchi.  Her long dark blue, almost 
black, hair was very long and styled a lot like Washu's and her eyes were as 
silver as steel.  Her features resembled Ryoko's a bit and this threw Tenchi 
off a little.  His mind wondered to Ryoko and that other man and anger found 
it's way into his heart.

"You would really do that for me?" the little girl asked.  Tenchi nodded his 
head and all anger was gone at seeing the innocence of the little girl.  He 
only hoped that he could help cheer her up as he motioned over to the 
others.

					*		*		*
* Who are they? * I thought as I sat on the bench next to the young man.

"I know they wouldn't mind.  We like meeting new people," the man sitting 
next to her said as the she followed his gaze.  A woman with purple hair 
stood at the front of the line and was talking to the tender as a little 
blue haired girl jumped and pointed at the blue cotton candy.  Two other 
women, one with dark blue hair and another with blonde hair, stood behind 
them.  The blonde was acting no different than the little girl with blue 
hair as she jumped up and down, pointing to the flavor she wanted.  I then 
froze my gaze on another small girl who was looking straight at me with a 
shocked look on her face.  Her hair was long and styled like my own but it 
was fire red.  The man with me on the bench looked at the girl with red hair 
and gave her a curious look.  She then looked at the cotton candy but kept 
looking out of the corner of her eye at us.

"Who's that?" I asked as I continued to look at the redhead.  The man looked 
at me and then looked back at his friends.

"Which one?" he asked.

"The one with red hair?" I asked again.

"Oh! That's Washu.  I think you'll like her.  She's ahh...not in a very good 
mood today, but she's usually very fun to be around," the man said as he 
scratched the back of his head.  I looked at the girl who was looking at me 
again.

"Well, are you going to join us?  It would be more fun if you had friends to 
hang out with," the man said, holding out a hand for me.  I looked at his 
hand and then decided that I could trust him.  I took his hand as we started 
to walk towards the small candy stand.

					*		*		*

Washu stared in shock as the little girl walked towards them, holding on to 
Tenchi's hand.  She didn't look any older than Washu herself, in her child 
form that is.

"Hey guys!  We have someone whose going to tag along," Tenchi said as he 
joined the group.  The others looked at him and then looked at the little 
girl.

"Oh!  Hello!  My name is Sasami," Sasami said as she looked at the little 
girl with a big smile on her face.

"Like she said, that is Sasami, the woman with purple hair is Ayeka," Tenchi 
said as Ayeka smiled and bowed slightly.

"The woman with dark blue hair is Kyione,"

"Hi," Kyione said in a cheery voice as she smiled at the slightly frightened 
little girl who was half-hiding behind Tenchi.

"The woman with blonde hair is Mihoshi,"

"Hi there!  Aren't you cute!" Mihoshi exclaimed as he laughed and waved at 
the little girl.

"And the wom...ah I mean little girl with red hair is Washu," Tenchi said.  
Washu only stared at the little girl next to Tenchi in shock.  Her 
expression must have startled the little girl for she moved behind Tenchi 
and peeked out at her.  For some strange reason, though, she felt she had 
seen the redhead before.

"Hey," Tenchi said as he moved aside.  The little girl looked at him and 
then back at Washu.  Washu couldn't speak nor move.  Shock had paralyzed 
her.

"And my name is Tenchi.  My grandfather and father are off doing their own 
thing.  We probably won't see them until later," Tenchi said as he studied 
the little girl's face.  She seemed frightened but he didn't know what of.  
He then realized that she was looking at Washu.

"Ah...do you know each other?" Tenchi asked as the little girl looked up at 
him and then back at Washu.

"I...I don't think so," the little girl said in a soft voice.

"Hmm," Tenchi said rubbing his chin in thought.  He then slapped his 
forehead and then smiled at the little girl.

"Stupid me! We don't even know your name," he said as he looked down on the 
girl.  She looked at him and smiled slightly.

"My name is Takara," she said in a shy voice.

"No..." Washu said in a soft voice.  Everyone looked at her as she started 
to back away from the Takara.

"Washu?" Tenchi said taking a step towards her.  She only looked at Takara 
with shock and fear.  "Washu, what's wrong?" Tenchi tried again but still 
got no response.  Mihoshi walked over to Washu and waved a hand in front of 
her eyes, snapping her trance.  Washu looked at Mihoshi and shook her head 
to clear her thoughts.  This isn't the best time to tell them about the 
whole 'Takara' story.

"Sorry," Washu said in a soft voice and looked at the ground.  All she could 
do was try and get her to come with them back to the house.  How she was 
going to do that, she didn't know, but she was going to find a way.  She had 
to bring her to see Ryoko.

					*		*		*

Ryoko could barely carry her body along the road leading to the house. Her 
powers had failed her halfway through the trip home. She stumbled from side 
to side as she held her bloodied stomach. Every step she took was agony but 
she had to make it home. The pain clouded her thoughts and she couldn't 
think straight. Ryoko stopped and leaned against a tree as she coughed up 
blood for the eighth time since she started walking. She could barely breath 
due to the fluids that were slowly filling her lungs. Ryoko tried to 
continue on her hike but realized that she didn't have the strength to hold 
her weight anymore. She stopped again and leaned against another tree.  If 
she were to fall to the ground, she wouldn't be getting up again.

*...Washu...* Ryoko said through her psychic link with Washu. She became 
worried when Washu didn't answer. Worried wasn't the word to describe 
Ryoko's feelings. She wasn't only worried. She was scared shitless. She was 
scared that no one would find her out here.

*...Washu...please...answer me * Ryoko said again. She was going to die. 
Washu wasn't answering her and no one would find her out here until tomorrow 
morning. By then it would be too late. Ryoko strained to lift her head up to 
the sky. The stars were shinning bright and there wasn't a cloud in the sky.

*...Washu...I'm dying...please...help...me * was the last thing Ryoko said 
to her mother before falling hard into an unconscious heap on the side of 
the dark dirt road.

					*		*		*

Kagato looked at the scene with slight disappointment.  He had wanted to 
kill Ryoko himself and to think of that pathetic little man finishing her 
off upset him.  He still liked the idea of her suffering, though.

"Poor little Ryoko is hurt.  What will she do?" Kagato mocked as he smiled 
at the suffering pirate.

"Maybe I should wait until you've recovered.  It would make the fight much 
more interesting if you were in full fighting condition," Kagato said to 
himself.  He rubbed his chin and chuckled to himself.

"I'll have you soon enough, my dear little Ryoko," Kagato whispered to 
himself as the scene of Ryoko on the deserted road disappeared.

					*		*		*

They Masaki group went on many rides and played a lot of games with their 
new friend.  Takara had cheered up a lot since they first met her and she 
had quite a wild streak in her.  Washu tried to act normal but she couldn't 
stop thinking about how Ryoko was going to react to seeing Takara, if they 
found Ryoko.  It had been so long that she might not know how to react.  
Washu was afraid of what she might do.  She watched as the others played a 
game at one of the stands.  Her mood started to change for the better but 
that was ceased the minute she heard Ryoko's voice.

* ...Washu... * Ryoko said to her through their link.  Washu's face went 
white and she stared into space.  The others all looked at her with surprise 
and worry as she stood there with a scared expression.

* ...Washu...please answer me... * Ryoko's voice came again.  Washu was too 
shaken up to answer.  Ryoko's voice was soft and distant.

* ...Washu...I'm dying...please help me... * Ryoko chimed again.  Those 
words snapped Washu out of her trance and she her head and tried to respond. 
  She had to find out where Ryoko was.

* Ryoko!  Where are you? * Washu said through the link when she regained her 
posture.  Washu's face went white again when she got no answer from her 
daughter.

"Washu?  What's wrong?" Tenchi asked putting a hand on her shoulder.

"We have to leave now!  We have to find Ryoko," Washu said as she turned 
towards Takara.  Takara only looked at her in surprise.  It had been so long 
since she had seen her mother and now, she had found her.

"Ryoko?" Takara said in a soft, shocked voice.

"Ryoko is one of our other friends.  She didn't come with us 
tonight..."Tenchi said as he looked at Takara.  "Is something wrong, 
Takara?"  Takara couldn't answer for she was too shaken by the fact that she 
was going to see her mother after all these years.

"You come too," Washu said as she turned to walk away.

"Wait!  Washu what's going on?" Kyione asked as she and the others joined 
Tenchi and Takara.  "Why is Takara coming with us?  What about her parents?" 
  Takara looked at Kyione with pain in her eyes.

"My parents are-"

"I hate to be rude but we don't have time for this!" Washu shouted as she 
turned back towards them.  Everyone looked at her with surprise and anger.

"Washu, you must have more manners than that!" Ayeka said as she looked at 
the small scientist.

"Ryoko is dying.  D-y-i-n-g.  We have to find her NOW!" Washu shouted again 
as she started to head for the bus station.  Tenchi and the others looked at 
each other in shock but soon followed Washu.  Takara lagged behind, thinking 
to herself.

* She knows my mother? * she thought to herself as she followed the others 
to the bus station.

					*		*		*

"HEY!" Noboyuki shouted when the others came into view.  He waved his hands 
to get their attention.

"DAD!  GRANDPA!  OVER HERE!" Tenchi shouted as the two men ran to meet the 
others.

"What's going on?  You look like you're in a hurry," Noboyukio said as he 
reached Tenchi's side.

"We have to find Ryoko.  She's in trouble," Tenchi said as he quickened his 
pace.

"What!?  What are we waiting for then?  Come one!" Noboyuki said as he 
started to run for the bus station.  The others nodded and ran after him.  
People watched them fly by in confusion.  They reached the bus station and 
were in luck to see a bus headed in the direction they needed to go.  They 
got on and told the bus driver that there was an emergency and he had to 
make it a quick ride.

"I hope we make it in time," Tenchi said as he looked over at Washu.  She 
had her eyes closed and looked like she was deep in thought.  Tenchi decided 
it was best to let her be.  He sat there looking at the ceiling as anger 
flushed through him again.  He was going to make this Ken guy pay for what 
he has done.   He was going to make him pay dearly.

					*		*		*

Washu concentrated on finding Ryoko the whole bus ride but was having very 
little luck.

* Ryoko, please answer me * she said through their link.  Tears of fear, 
anger and worry built in her eyes.  She was worried about Ryoko and scared 
for her life, but she was also furious at her for what she had done.  What 
she had to do right now was find her daughter before it was too late.

					*		*		*

"I hope she's ok?" Tenchi said in a worried voice. Washu was sitting in the 
front, leaning as far forward as she could without kissing the windshield. 
Her eyes darted back and forth along the road as she looked for her 
daughter.

* Ryoko! Where are you? Ryoko? Please answer me! * Washu said through their 
psychic link but she received no answer. She could feel the tears in her 
eyes.

Everyone looked at her as a tear rolled down the scientist's face. They all 
had a feeling she knew where Ryoko was and how she was. Guessing from the 
tone in her voice, it wasn't good. Everyone became worried as Washu urged 
Nobuyuki to go faster.

"I'm coming Ryoko," Washu said in soft, yet urgent, motherly voice. Washu 
could feel Ryoko's presence getting closer. She then urged Nobuyuki to slow 
down as the neared the top of the hill. Washu then saw something on the side 
of the road.

"STOP!" Washu screamed as Nobuyuki slammed on the breaks, causing everyone 
to fall off their seats. Before the van stopped completely, Washu was out of 
the car and running to the heap that had caught her attention. She stared in 
horror at the sight she came to. Ryoko lay unconscious on the ground in a 
pool of her own blood. Washu was instantly snapped into reality as she ran 
to her fallen daughter's side. Ryoko was on her side, blood running from a 
cut it her eyebrow and from her mouth. She then noticed a small pool of it 
beneath Ryoko's head.  She tilted her head to see that Ryoko had hit her 
head on a rock, splitting her skull open.   Washu then moved Ryoko's hands, 
which were covering her stomach and gasped as she saw the bullet wound. 
Washu looked at the van with a panicked expression on her face as she saw 
Tenchi and the others running to her side.

"Tenchi, come here. The rest of you get back in the van!" Washu yelled. The 
others followed the orders given to them as Tenchi reach Washu's side. He 
looked down in horror at the unconscious Ryoko.

"Tenchi, let me see your shirt," Washu said quickly as she knelt next to the 
wounded Ryoko. Tenchi wasted no time in taking his shirt off and handing it 
to Washu.  Washu tore the shirt into two different pieces and wrapping them 
around the deepest wounds.  One was wrapped around her head to cover her 
head wound and the other, around her stomach to try and slow the bleeding.

"You're going to have to carry her to the van, Tenchi," Washu said as she 
got up and waited for him to pick Ryoko up.  Tenchi didn't hesitate in 
lifting her limp body off the ground.  Washu then turned and started to run 
back to the van.  Tenchi took a few steps before Ryoko started to convulse.

"Washu!" Tenchi yelled as the scientist turned and looked at the pair. 
Ryoko's convulses grew more violent as Tenchi held onto her. Washu hesitated 
before motioned for him to keep going.  There wasn't really anything she 
could do to stop Ryoko's jerking.  The best she could do was bring her home. 
  As Tenchi started to walk, a burst of blood left Ryoko's mouth, covering 
Tenchi and herself with more deep red liquid. Tenchi reached the van covered 
in Ryoko's blood as he stepped in and closed the door. Sasami screamed and 
Mihoshi fainted at the sight of the half dead Ryoko.

"GO!" Washu screamed at Noboyuki as he slammed the van into gear. No one 
noticed the girl in the back, staring at Ryoko with shock and sadness.  She 
closed her eyes as tears fell down her cheeks.  I took all she had to keep 
her head.

					*		*		*

When they reached the house, Washu had Tenchi take Ryoko directly to the lab 
and then promptly ordered everyone to leave as she helped her daughter. 
Everyone was worried about leaving Ryoko alone with Washu. They had never 
seen Washu so upset before. She was a hysterical mess and they were worried 
she wouldn't be able to focus on helping Ryoko.
Tenchi looked at the clock, impatiently. She had been in there for eight 
hours straight. Dawn had come and everyone was sleeping in the living room. 
Tenchi couldn't sleep though. He was scared that something would happen and 
he wouldn't be able to help. He got up and walked to the door of the lab and 
put an ear to it. Silence. He sighed as he slowly started to walk back to 
the living room. Sasami looked at Tenchi with sad eyes. It must have been 
hard for her to look at Ryoko in that condition. She was one of Sasami's 
best friends.

"Anything yet?" she asked as Tenchi sat down next to her. Everyone seemed to 
wake up at the same time, due to the fact that they were now all looking at 
him.

"No. Washu still hasn't come out of her lab. It's been eight hours. You 
would think she'd be done," Tenchi said quietly. As if someone had queued 
her, Washu slowly opened the door to her lab. Everyone looked over at her as 
she closed the door and walked towards the living room. Sasami handed her a 
cup of tea as she sat on the couch with everyone looking at her, waiting for 
her to say some thing. Her hand was shaking as she took the cup of tea from 
Sasami.

"Well?" Tenchi asked impatiently. Washu took a couple of sips of tea before 
answering his question.

"She's alive," Washu said without looking up from her tea as everyone let 
out a sigh of relief. "But that could change, so don't get your hopes too 
high." Her last words slapped everyone in the face. They all looked at her 
with worry.

"What happened?" Tenchi asked.

"I don't know. I can't find out until she wakes up," Washu said, still 
looking at her cup of tea. "If she wakes up," she added as she brought the 
cup to her lips. Tenchi looked at Washu with an angry look on his face.

"Don't you have any faith in her!? What makes you think that she's going to 
die?" Tenchi shouted. Washu grip on her cup tightened as Tenchi yelled. Half 
way through one of Tenchi's raves, Washu jumped up and threw the cup on the 
floor, shattering it into a million pieces. She looked at Tenchi with fury 
in her eyes.

"Tenchi I've done everything I could possibly do and her condition isn't any 
better then when she arrived here!!" Washu screamed. "I would love to be 
able to save her and make her better but there isn't anything else I can 
do!" Tears were falling like rain from Washu's eyes as her screams echoed 
through everyone's head. Washu's legs started to shake and she fell to the 
floor, sobbing uncontrollably. Tenchi just stared at her, paralyzed by the 
fact that Washu was so mad at him. She held herself as her sobs continued. 
Tenchi then knelt down beside and pulled her into a strong embrace. She 
quickly pulled away and turned her back to him. Tenchi sat there and waited 
for an explanation.

"Her injuries are too severe," Washu said, choking back the tears. Everyone 
knew this was hard for her and they waited patiently until she was ready to 
continue.

"Almost all of her ribs are broken, her right lung has several puncture 
wounds in it and the bullet went through her stomach, not to mention that 
when she collapsed on the road, she split her head open on a rock," Washu 
said as she started to shake. "She should be dead," Washu said weakly before 
breaking down again. Everyone stared at Washu as she listed Ryoko's 
injuries. There was nothing anyone could do to help. All they could do was 
wait and hope that Ryoko would have the strength to make it out of this 
alive.

					*		*		*

Takara quietly sat on the couch and watched as Washu broke down in a fit of 
tears. Takara felt sad because of her mother's failing conditions, but they 
weren't as strong as everyone else's. She was mainly in shock at seeing her 
mother in the car and that was the reason for her tears.  She knew should be 
more upset at this but she wasn't. It was probably because her later 
childhood had taught her to ignore such emotions. She had always felt sad 
for being taken from her mother but she never let it show for fear of a 
beating. She remembered when she was kidnapped as if were only yesterday. 
Her body shook as she remembered what had happened to her. The man who 
kidnapped her was called Yukio. She was playing in a field with a couple of 
the guards from the palace when he had appeared. The guards told her to run 
as they fought the demons that Yukio had summoned. She ran towards the 
forest but she was no match for the twisted man. He had appeared in front of 
her before she reached the tree line, causing her to stop in her tracks. He 
smiled at her as her world went black. The next thing she remembered was 
waking up in dark room. She also noticed that she was naked. She remembered 
him telling her that she was going to have to learn a lot if she was to grow 
to her full potential. He told her that he took her because her mother 
didn't appreciate her powers. He had tortured her to no end to try and 
awaken the power deep within her. She had put up with his beatings but she 
did not now why. She had attempted at ending her life many times when she 
grew older, but for some reason she never succeeded. Maybe it was the fact 
that deep in her subconscious, she knew that he was only trying to help her. 
Or maybe it was because deep down inside, she knew her mother cared for her 
and that she would see her again. She never imagined it like this though. 
After she turned twelve, something happened and she was frozen in a deep 
sleep.  She didn't remember the incident too well but she remembered hearing 
that Yukio was dead.   Now she was sitting in a strange place with strange 
people as her mother was dying in the other room. She could feel tears in 
her eyes as she listened to Washu's sobs. She closed her eyes and thought of 
the last time she saw her mother before tonight. Her mother's smile filled 
her vision as she looked down on the young Takara. Her eyes were warm and 
gentle, just like her touch.

						***

"This is for you, mommy," Takara remembered saying. Her mother's smile 
widened as Takara handed her a bouquet of wild flowers. Her mother held the 
bouquet in her hands as she inhaled their fresh scent. Takara smiled as she 
hugged her close. Takara then ran off, chasing the butterflies in the field. 
Her mother sat and watched her as she giggled and smiled at the butterflies 
flying around. She caught one and ran back to her with a big smile on her 
face. She opened her closed hands to reveal a fragile looking butterfly. Its 
wings were white with gold and silver speckles all over them. Her mother 
carefully took the butterfly from Takara and cradled it in her palm. She 
looked at with Takara with loving eyes as she held the fragile creature.

"It's so pretty, isn't it mommy?" Takara said in a whisper, afraid she might 
scare the butterfly away. She only smiled and put an arm around Takara.

"Yes, it is," she said quietly. Her eyes never left the butterfly. "Just 
like you," she said and Takara smiled at her.

"Oh mommy! How can I be beautiful like that? I'm not a butterfly!" Takara 
giggled as her mother released the butterfly. It fluttered away in silence 
as her mother smiled at its beauty.

"I know that!" she laughed when Takara's giggling subsided. "But you are. 
You are a butterfly. You're my little butterfly," she said as she held 
Takara close.
"My beautiful little butterfly.  You're my treasure, Takara.

						***

Then disaster struck as they heard a loud explosion coming from the palace.
Takara squeezed her eyes shut as the memories floated into her head. Tears 
were running down her face and she thought she was going to explode from all 
the emotions she felt. She felt hatred for the man who stole her, sadness at 
the fact that her mother was dying, and fear that she might loose her mother 
after dreaming about this reunion for so long.
Takara didn't realize the others looking at her as she sat there with her 
eyes squeezed shut. She felt someone put a hand on her shoulder as she tried 
to keep the emotions bottled. She looked up to see Washu looking at her with 
understanding eyes. Her face was streaked from her tears as new ones began 
to fall. All Takara could do was look down at her hands as tears ran down 
her face.

"It's so hard-" she whispered but was unable to finish her sentence as her 
tears choked her. The stranger then brought her close and hugged her in her 
small arms. Takara felt that Washu knew her secret.  She knew that Ryoko was 
her mother but she didn't know how she knew.  She didn't look any older than 
Takara was, though she could tell that she knew more about life than Takara 
could ever dream of knowing. At first, Takara just sat there limply in 
Washu's arms but then she found herself returning the embrace as tears fell 
down her cheeks. She had learned to keep her emotions bottled up in her so 
this was almost like a new experience for her. It had been so long since 
someone tried to comfort her.

"Shhh," Washu said as she held the girl close to her. "Everything will be 
ok. I'll try my hardest to help her. Don't think I'm going to let her slip 
through my fingers so easily," Washu said as she stroked Takara's long dark 
hair. Washu then noticed for the first time that night, that Takara's dress 
had a tail, just like Ryoko's.  It quivered as she quietly cried on the 
scientist's shoulder. Everyone looked at the too as they sat there in 
silence. Then they too realized the tail.  They all looked at each other in 
confusion.

"She has a tail like Ryoko," Sasami whispered to Ayeka.  Washu looked at 
them and brought a finger to her lips to silence them as the little girl 
sobbed on her shoulder.

"Shhh," Washu said again as Takara started to shake in her arms. "She'll be 
ok. She'll be ok," Washu said, referring to Ryoko. Takara started to 
shudder, as her emotions became too strong for her to hold in any longer. 
She let the tears come and Washu just tightened her grip on the sobbing 
little girl. Takara tried to keep her tears back but she couldn't help it 
even though she was scared to let them show. Takara's shudders grew more 
violent as Washu held her in her arms. She couldn't let this happen after so 
many years of waiting to see her mother again, just to loose her.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Sorry to leave you hanging again. If you have any suggestions for the future 
stories, let me know. I always need new ideas!  Mail me at 
ryoko_washu2222@hotmail.com. I love to hear from the people who read my 
stories.



















