All "Tenchi Muyo" references are copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LD. This is an 
amateur, non-commercial story which is not produced, approved of, or in any way 
sponsored by the holders of the trademarks/copyrights from which this work is 
derived, nor is it intended to infringe on the rights of these holders. She's 
got it, yeah baby she's got it.

Writer's note-This story combines elements of the TM OAV, Tenchi Universe, and 
the Manga. I was bored that day.


MISTAKEN IDENTITY
By Jeff Morris (jeffreysmorris@aol.com)

	Few events were more joyful than Minagi's occasional visits to the Masaki 
household. The young woman's sheer exuberance and friendliness were enough to 
lighten the grumpiest heart, and she always brought armloads of presents and 
tales of her recent adventures. This visit, however, the spunky pirate was even 
more excited than usual, and it didn't take Ayeka and Ryoko very long to find 
out why.
	"I've met someone special," Minagi told them, golden eyes ablaze with 
delight. "I think it's love!"
	"That's wonderful, dear!" Ayeka said, taking the cup of tea Sasami was 
offering. "Tell us all about it."
	"Yeah, starting with the name of the lucky guy," Ryoko grinned. "And where 
is he? You know, as your clonal kind-of mother, I do have certain 
responsibilities."
	"Well..." Minagi smiled shyly. "For openers, it's a gal, not a guy. That's 
not a problem, is it?"
	"I don't see why it should be," Ayeka shrugged. "That's hardly unusual on 
Jurai. In fact, it's encouraged somewhat among the women of nobility. Keeps 
illegitimate pretenders to the throne at a minimum."
	"Don't look at me," Ryoko said. "Never tried it, myself. But if she makes 
you happy, more power to you. I'll stick with Tenchi."
	"That brings mental images to mind that I'd rather not deal with," Ayeka 
laughed. "Go on, Minagi."
	"Okay. The other thing you need to know is..." Minagi looked hesitant. 
"Well, Ryoko, it's someone you know, and, umm, you might not be too thrilled 
about it at first, but I've got to ask you to keep an open mind, because she's 
really not a bad person at heart, and when you hear how we met, you'll 
understand why you had problems with her."
	"Now I'm REALLY intrigued," Ryoko said.
	"Promise me you won't get angry or start anything," Minagi asked.
	Ryoko raised two fingers--the middle one on each finger. "Pirate's honor."
	"Now there's a contradiction in terms," Ayeka noted.
	"Blow me, princess."
	"Oh my. And here you'd just said you weren't interested in that sort of 
activity."
	"Guys." Minagi rose to her feet and hurried over to the door. "Okay. You 
ready?" She slid the door open and leaned outside. "Come on in, they said it was 
okay." And with that, she took the stranger's hand and guided her in.
	Ryoko wasn't sure what to expect--given the background Minagi had just 
given, she was just grateful it hadn't been Kagato--but this was in fact the 
last person in the universe she'd ever have expected to see. "YOU?"
	Nagi stood there, a bit nervous but still managing to look both graceful 
and menacing at the same time. "Hello, Ryoko. Long time no see."

* * * * *

	"That's it, Ryoko," Sasami urged. "Just breathe into the paper bag, and 
you'll be fine in a minute."
	"I'm really sorry, Ayeka." Minagi was standing nearby, the picture of 
embarrassment. Nagi had settled onto the edge of the sofa farthest away from 
Ryoko, watching the situation quietly but clearly amused. "I wasn't sure how 
she'd react, but this wasn't what I thought would happen."
	"No," Nagi said dryly. "She figured Ryoko would try to skewer me with her 
sword."
	"The...day's...young," Ryoko gasped, glaring at the bounty hunter who'd 
given her so much trouble in the past. "Just what the hell are you doing here? I 
thought I'd seen the last of you seven hundred years ago!"
	Nagi grinned. "You went into cold storage, why couldn't I? I figured you 
weren't dead, so I made some arrangements. When you resurfaced, I was revived." 
She leaned back and stretched, giving everyone a long look at her supple, 
muscular form. Minagi sighed rather audibly at the sight, earning her a glare 
from Ryoko. "I also got a rejuvenation treatment while I was at it. What do you 
think?"
	"Nagi, you promised you wouldn't provoke Ryoko!" Minagi protested.
	"All right, love. I'm sorry. You too, Ryoko." The apology seemed sincere, 
but Ryoko couldn't help but notice the humor dancing behind Nagi's eyes.
	"Well, this is certainly...unexpected," Ayeka said, choosing her words 
carefully. "I am curious, though, to hear just how the two of you came together. 
You were going to tell us, Minagi, and I for one still want to hear it."
	"Well...okay," Minagi nodded, going over to sit beside Nagi. The bounty 
hunter slid a protective arm behind her. "This is how it happened..."

* * * * *

	There were corners of the Jurai Empire that you'd never find on any 
tourist brochure, areas that nice boys and girls simply did not even think about 
entering. These were the places where the bad people--the smugglers, the 
pirates, the criminals, and the bounty hunters--dwelt, and they did not take 
kindly to strangers. They would, however, gladly take their earthly possessions, 
their virtue, and their lives, not always in that order.
	Ryoko the space pirate was widely known and her reputation feared, so 
everyone gave the young woman with light blue hair a wide berth when she entered 
the 'Pistol Whip' that evening. If anyone saw the twin scars that framed her 
face perfectly, he or she would just attribute it to a long-ago battle and shrug 
it off. Ryoko had recently returned to action--the rumor was that she'd dealt 
first with her captor, then her former master--and was once again striking fear 
into the hearts of cargo shippers everywhere. Maybe seven hundred years had 
passed, but her wrath--and what she could do when provoked--was still very much 
in people's minds, so they made a point of leaving her alone.
	Which was just how Minagi, partly a clone of Ryoko with the genetics of 
the greatest swordsman in Jurai history thrown in, wanted it. The way she saw 
it, Ryoko wasn't using her reputation for anything, and she was pretty sure the 
woman wouldn't mind if she borrowed it from time to time. It saved a great deal 
of time and prevented a lot of hassle. Someone had put a far-too-friendly hand 
on her breast once; Minagi had subsequently provided the bar denizens with a new 
definition of "ripping him a new one", and that had pretty much settled the 
issue of respect.
	Minagi's purpose in coming to the 'Pistol Whip' was simple: a free trader 
had offered her a sizeable sum to haul a large quantity of questionable 
merchandise to Antari. While pirating the ships of those she deemed to be "bad 
people" was fun, it wasn't always profitable. She'd therefore decided to take on 
the occasional smuggling assignment when necessary. Her ship Hinase was in need 
of some routine maintenance, and this job would cover the bills.
	A quick, quiet word to the bartender, and she was directed toward one 
particular dark corner, where a balding little man who was sweating far more 
than would normally be expected was sitting, his knobby little hands wrapped 
around a drink glass. His gaze constantly shot back and forth in every 
direction, as if he was expecting the Hordes of Hell to descend upon him at any 
second. Minagi thought about telling him not to worry-last she'd heard, they 
were over in the Southern sector-but decided to stick solely with business.
	She stepped up to the booth and stared down at the little man. "Gobaki?"
	His head shot up instantly. "Y-yes. That's me. Won't you have a seat, R-
Ryoko?"
	"Fine." She slid gracefully into the seat directly opposite him. "But my 
name isn't Ryoko. It's Minagi. Okay?"
	A sly look crossed his eyes. "Ahh. Of course. I understand perfectly... 
'Minagi'."
	"No, no, you don't understand. It really is my name..." Minagi shook her 
head in despair; even when she tried to build her own reputation, Ryoko's 
completely overshadowed her. "Let's get to business," she said firmly. "What 
have you got, when does it need to be at Antari, and how much is it worth to you 
to get it there?"
	Gobaki trembled slightly. "Ahhh...would you like a drink, 'Minagi'?"
	"No." She leaned forward. "Business first."
	"Well, okay...here's the deal. I've got a big supply of Denarti grain that 
needs to be delivered to a special location without anyone spotting you doing 
it."
	"Grain?" Minagi asked, a bit startled. "Grain's pretty tame."
	"Not when you use it to synthesize some of the most potent alcohol in the 
galaxy," Gobaki replied with a leer. "And you know what religious prudes the 
Antarians can be. They find out what's going on under their noses, and all hell 
will break loose."
	"You've got a point." Minagi did some quick calculating and planning; it 
could be done, of course, and it wouldn't be too hard to go undetected. That 
left the time limit to factor in, but if she played this right...
	"AH! MY BABY!" A scream from nearby caught Minagi's ear, and she  
instantly moved out of the booth. A blanketed bundle was falling directly in her 
path, and just behind it was a terror-stricken woman with silver hair and a huge 
dark robe wrapped around her. No wonder she'd tripped; Minagi had seen more 
swordfights lost due to players stumbling over their clothing than she cared to 
think about. She lunged forward and caught the baby almost instantly.
	"Oh, thank you so much," the woman said, rising slowly to her feet.
	"No problem. My pleasure." Minagi peered down at the bundle. Her eyes 
widened. "Hey, this isn't a baby. It's a..." 
	The stun grenade went off at that instant. Minagi hit the floor hard, 
knocked senseless by the blast. The 'mother' smiled and quickly hauled the 
unconscious woman up over her shoulder, then turned to the terrified Gobaki and 
threw him a small bag. "Payment in full. Thanks."
	"A...anytime, Nagi."

* * * * *

	"Let me get this straight," Ryoko said to Minagi, her eyes blazing. 
"You've been using my rep to get ahead? Don't you realize I'm trying to lie low 
and reform so Tenchi will marry me? What the hell do you think you're doing?"
	"I'm sorry," Minagi shrugged helplessly. "I try to tell people, I really 
do, but no one believes me."
	"I'm helping her build her own rep," Nagi said. "Don't sweat things, 
Ryoko. Nobody really remembers you these days anyway. Just the few really old 
people who still have a marble or two left."
	"Oh, thanks so much," Ryoko replied sarcastically. "Now I feel so much 
better."
	"So what happened next?" Sasami asked eagerly.
	"Something that a girl your age shouldn't be listening to," Nagi said 
pointedly. "Move along." Sasami made a face and slunk out of the room toward the 
kitchen. "Okay. Now she can listen in from there and think she's getting away 
with something. Go on, Min."
	"Okay," Minagi grinned. "Eventually I came to, and that's when I realized 
something really weird was going on..."

* * * * *

	Minagi opened her eyes and moaned...or at least, she tried to. That was 
the moment she discovered that she was both blindfolded and gagged. In trying to 
remove said items, she next found that she was handcuffed from behind. When she 
tried to phase through the bonds, Minagi realized that the cuffs had an anti-
phase relay. Hmmm. Initial outlook wasn't good. She needed more data.
	She was lying on top of something big and comfortable with a satisfactory 
amount of give, which most likely meant a mattress. Her fingers slid over silk 
sheets. There was a faint smell of perfume mixed with a burning odor...scented 
candle? Her legs were free, but she still felt pretty drained from the stun 
grenade. Nice trick, that. So, she concluded, she had no idea what the hell was 
going on. The more she thought about it, she didn't really want to know what was 
coming next. Minagi closed her eyes and concentrated on picking the handcuff 
locks, the way Master had taught her to several years ago.
	The voice made her pause. "Ryoko." Definitely feminine, somewhat husky, 
kind of seductive-under optimum conditions, of course, of which this most 
certainly wasn't. Minagi was starting to get an idea of where this was 
heading...and oddly enough, she was intrigued. She stopped struggling and 
waited.
	"You don't know how long I've waited to catch you," the voice purred. 
"Over seven hundred years. You thought you'd lost me, didn't you? You figured 
I'd get old, or die. Wrong again. You always did underestimate me, Ryoko. You 
should have known that Nagi never gives up on a bounty."
	Nagi? Bounty? But the statute of limitations for Ryoko's crimes had 
expired. Boy, Minagi thought as she lay there waiting, this Nagi sure was a 
determined soul, if not downright obsessed.
	Minagi heard a soft rustling of cloth falling. Uh-oh.
	A soft crackle of energy heralded the activation of an energy sword. A 
moment later, Minagi felt the heat of the blade as it slid from her neck to her 
legs, neatly parting her jumpsuit down the middle without once touching her 
skin. A pair of warm hands pressed briefly against her chest as the cloth was 
pulled further apart and ripped away. Definitely an uh-oh.
	She just wished she wasn't getting so turned on by the whole thing.
	Nagi's breathing was getting faster and raspier by the minute. "Ryoko," 
she breathed. "Oh, Ryoko. Here's where you get what's coming to you..."
	Minagi gasped as something warm pressed against the area between her legs. 
Something long and wet was probing.
	Oh boy.
	Ohhh boy.
	Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh boy...

* * * * *

	By the time Nagi had torn the blindfold and gag away and positioned 
Minagi's head between her legs, her captive was more than ready to reciprocate. 
WAY more than ready.
	Minagi had never seen anyone climax so fast, so hard, and so often.

* * * * *

	"What?" Minagi paused in her narrative; Ryoko had gone sheet-white, her 
mouth agape. "Is something wrong, Ryoko?"
	"Where...did you...learn...about that?" Ryoko said slowly.
	"About what?"
	"Sex."
	Minagi laughed. "Oh, come on, Ryoko. I may look and sound a bit young and 
innocent, but surely you didn't think I..." She hesitated upon seeing the new 
look on her clone-mother's face. "Oh. You DID think that I..."
	"I just thought..." Ryoko shook her head. "Never mind."
	Ayeka decided to intercede. "Minagi, you had just...finished...your 
liaison with Nagi," she prompted gently.
	"Oh, yeah. Well, we kind of fell asleep for awhile, and when I finally 
woke up..."

* * * * *

	Minagi slowly drifted awake. She hadn't felt this sated, this relaxed, in 
ages. With slowly-dawning awareness, she realized that the phase shackles were 
gone, as were the tattered remains of her clothing. She stretched and yawned 
lazily before sitting up and looking around.
	It was a pretty nice room, all things considered; a bit Spartan, but 
comfortable. Her captor was sitting at a desk nearby, her head in her hands. "So 
you're awake," she said dully.
	"Yeah." Minagi hopped off the bed and walked over to the other woman's 
side. "You alright?"
	"You're not Ryoko."
	"No, I'm not. My name's Minagi. I'm kind of her clone. Long story." She 
put a hand on Nagi's shoulder. "Listen..."
	"I am...so embarrassed..." Nagi's breath caught momentarily. "Please 
forgive me for what I did. I thought...oh hell, I don't know what I was 
thinking. I'm so sorry."
	"You said you've been after Ryoko for a long time," Minagi said quietly. 
"Only it wasn't for the bounty, was it?"
	"I...no. At first it was," Nagi said slowly. "The more I pursued her, the 
more I saw her, learned about her...the more it became something more. It 
consumed me. I thought about her day and night. I became obsessed...to the point 
where I took an innocent stranger and did...what I did..." A mournful sigh 
filled the air. 
	"I could have escaped any time I wanted, you know," Minagi said gently. 
"You left my legs free. I could have brought my legs together and stunned you. I 
had the shackles halfway undone." She giggled. "But once you got 
started...leaving was the last thing on my mind."
	Nagi's head slowly lifted. "You're kidding," she said.
	Minagi shook her head. "It was incredible. I really enjoyed it. Kind of 
kinky, but I liked it." She slid her fingers under Nagi's chin and slowly 
lowered her head. "In fact, I'd like to take you back to bed and do it again."
	Nagi's exclamation of surprise was interrupted by Minagi's long, deep 
kiss. Mesmerized, she allowed Minagi to guide her to her feet and lead her back 
to the bed.

* * * * *

	"And then we ate pussy!" Minagi finished. "All night, in fact! And the 
next morning, we got to talking and decided to see where it went...and a few 
months ago, we decided to make it permanent. So we got married!"
	"Oh my," Ayeka breathed, privately deciding that an afternoon visit to the 
onsen was definitely needed. "That's...quite a tale, Minagi."
	"I don't believe this," Ryoko groaned, her head in her hands. "Are you 
telling me that all Nagi ever wanted to do was...that?"
	"I kept telling you I wanted your head," Nagi grinned. "I just didn't tell 
you what I wanted to do with it."
	"Oh God," Ryoko said. "Let me die now."
	"Oh, come on," Nagi said. "You going to tell me you've never had a Girl's 
Night in the onsen? I refuse to believe that, especially after what I've heard 
about the women in the Royal Family." She was rewarded with furious blushes from 
both Ryoko and Ayeka. "Uh-huh."
	"That's different," Ryoko said furiously. "I just...dammit, Minagi, you're 
supposed to be sweet and innocent. You're supposed to be the me I could have 
been if I hadn't become me...I mean...I mean...oh, hell!"
	"I'm sweet," Minagi said uncertainly.
	"I'll say," Nagi leered.
	"Ryoko, I appreciate that you thought that, but...I'm not you. I haven't 
been a virgin in years. Truth is, guys are okay, but I prefer girls." She 
shrugged nonchalantly. "It might be because Master always told me that boys were 
only after one thing and that sex weakened the legs."
	"Wrong on both counts-well, he was right about boys, but he forgot about 
girls," Nagi added. Minagi put a warning hand on her leg...at least, that was 
what everyone was hoping it was for.
	"Oh, to hell with all this!" Ryoko declared, soaring into the air and 
through the ceiling before anyone could react. Minagi started to follow, but 
Ayeka shook her head.
	"Just give her a little time to cool off," the princess suggested. "In the 
meantime, perhaps Sasami could stop panting in the kitchen and bring in some 
fresh baked cookies..."

* * * * *

Ryoko closed her eyes and let the warm water wash over her body. A good bath and 
long soak, aided by a few bottles of sake, had done a lot to dispel her bad 
mood. She just wished she could think of a way to apologize gracefully to Minagi 
for her tirade. She was right; they were quite different individuals, and it 
wasn't fair for Ryoko to try and force the girl to be something she wasn't 
simply because it didn't fit Ryoko's mental image.
	"Oh, I can think of a way," someone behind her giggled. Before Ryoko could 
react, two long, slender arms that looked oddly familiar had grabbed her by the 
wrists and pinned her down securely. Ryoko tilted her head back and found... 
"Minagi?"
	"Hi! We were wondering if you'd help us out with a little experiment, 
Ryoko!"
	"Experiment? We? What the hell are you talking about, Minagi?"
	"It's quite simple," came a voice from directly in front of her. Ryoko 
shot her head forward to find the incredibly well-sculpted body of Nagi standing 
there...between her legs. "What I'd like to do, Ryoko, is perform a little taste 
test to see just how alike the two of you are. That's all. It won't hurt a bit, 
I promise." She knelt in the water, slid her arms under Ryoko and gently pushed 
her into position.
	"Now wait a minute!" Ryoko yelled. "You can't do this! This isn't right! I 
haven't...haven't...uhhh...I...oh boy. Ohhh boy...Ohhhhhhhhhh boy...."
	"Well, Nagi?" Minagi asked. "Nagi?" There was no answer, just a series of 
moans growing ever louder and a throaty chuckle. "Hmmm. Guess this might require 
a bit more research. Hope the sake holds out..."


