Izuki's Note: Hello, I am Beth-Beth. I have made an amazing multipart fan
fiction called "The Daughter of Masaki" (located in Regular) I am now
concluding that multipart fan fiction. I am now making little short stories
in the Lemon section, mainly about Aeka's love for Tenchi. I would recommend
that only mature audiences read these.

    She laid in a sleeping bag in the guest room of the Masaki Household.
Her
long purple hair was out of her usual hairstyle, free and a mess after
sleeping for most of the night. She wore a purple shirt and white shorts as
her pajamas to bed. She laid on her right side and slightly snored, unlike
Ryoko's snore that wakes everyone up. She looked delicate as the moonlight
touched her face through an opened window.

    Her name was Aeka Jurai. She is the first crowned princess of the planet
Jurai. She was engaged to her half brother Yosho who went to fight the demon
named Ryoko and never returned. She had a sister named Sasami Jurai, who was
the second crowned princess of the planet Jurai. But now, Aeka and Sasami
are
trapped on Earth far away from home. Aeka twitched.

    Aeka woke up to find her sister laying beside her in another sleeping
bag. Sasami's beautiful blue hair was free from her two ponytails that
reaches down to her knees. Sasami had a soft smile on her face. "It must be
nice to be young with dreams of life ahead." Aeka thought to herself. Sasami
had Ryo-Ohki hugged close to herself. Ryo-Ohki meowed in her sleep. Aeka
tried not to laugh, but instead smiled and gently patted Ryo-Ohki.

    Aeka looked around the room. The room isn't much, but just a couzy,
guest
room. Aeka made a quiet sighed and thought of Jurai. "Yes Jurai," thought
Aeka "such a planet with many wonders that is rule by my family. Someday, I
will find that someone to rule Jurai with me. That someone, that will help
me
express my thoughts of pleasure and love. I hope he will come soon, for I
may
have to marry someone that I wouldn't give my heart to." Aeka stood up and
opened the guest room door that lead to the hallway.

    Aeka looked at the hallway as if she was going to cross the street. She
looked left, and then she looked right. Then Aeka stepped out of the guest
room and entered the hallway. Aeka's bare feet touched the cold floor. Aeka
had a shiver coursing through her bones. Aeka didn't notice the shiver. She
looked around to find a certain room. "Where could it be?" Aeka thought.
Aeka
just picked a room. "Let's see what's behind here." wondered Aeka. Ayeka
opened the door.

    There she saw him, sleeping in his bed. Is he the one who made Aeka's
heart bleed for love? Yes, it was. It was him, Tenchi Masaki. Aeka had a
sigh
of relief. Aeka's heart raced so hard, she thought she was going to die.
Aeka's eyes glowed. "Tenchi, I love you Tenchi my dear!" Aeka whispered
softly. Aeka was about to cry. "Oh, Tenchi, someday we will be lovers, to
share our love and heartache." Aeka whispered she leaned against the wall
and
slide down it. Aeka hugged herself around her knees. "Oh, Tenchi!" Aeka
wanted to cry out to him. Aeka started to cry. "Fine, I must get this over
with now!" Aeka confirmed.

    Aeka stood up and walked over to Tenchi. Tenchi did not make a sound
when
he slept. Aeka looked at his precious moonlit face. Aeka bend down to his
bed
level. "Tenchi," She whispered into his ear. "Tenchi....Tenchi wake up!"
Aeka
shoked him. She tried to shake him harder, but no matter how hard she shoked
him, he wouldn't wake up. "He sleeps like a rock!" Aeka thought. Aeka looked
at Tenchi with her eyes filled with tears.

    Suddenly Aeka got this sensation to give herself to Tenchi. She wanted
Tenchi so badly, she loved him so much. "Tenchi....wake up!" Aeka whispered
a
little louder. Tenchi still wouldn't wake up. Aeka stood up and was about to
leave when she turned back to Tenchi. She slowly kissed him. "Goodnight, see
you tomorrow." Aeka lefted the room. Tenchi opened an eye.

    Early morning. Aeka woke up to find Sasami looking over her. "Finally,
you woke up Aeka, you seemed dead." Sasami greeted with a smile. "Yes
Sasami,
that is the first thing I like to hear in the morning, I am dead." Aeka
moaned. Ryo-Ohki was on top of Sasami's head with a carrot. Aeka yawned and
strecthed out.

    Aeka made her way into the bathroom. Aeka closed the door and locked the
door behind her. Aeka looked into the mirror. "Yes, the perfect thing to get
to in the morning!" Aeka charmed herself. Aeka ran the shower on warm. Aeka
took off her clothes and laid them neatly on a rack. Aeka stood in the
shower
for a while, washing herself up. Then there was a pounding at the bathroom
door. "Hello? Who's in there?" the voice sounded like Tenchi's. Aeka decided
not to answer. "Hello?" Tenchi repeated himself. "Aeka decide to go unlock
the door and show off her woman-self. Aeka was about to unlock the door when
she tripped and fell. She let out a scream in pain.

    Tenchi managed to open the door. And there she was. Aeka. Lying on the
floor naked. Tenchi wanted to cover his eyes but he was frozen in that
position. Aeka blushed. "Oh, Tenchi!" Aeka looked up at Tenchi. "Miss Aeka,
I
am so sorry!" Tenchi apoligized. Aeka stood up in front of Tenchi. "Oh,
Tenchi don't be sorry, just close that door behind you!" Aeka spoke in a
voice trying to seduct Tenchi. Aeka put her arms around his neck. "C'mon
Tenchi, you know you want to!" Aeka tried to please him. "Ah, Miss Aeka, are
you okay?" Tenchi asked, trying to get away. "I am feeling fine Tenchi, I
just need some of your love though!" Aeka answered, trying to take off his
pants. "Now, Tenchi, close that door!" Aeka was speaking in her "seducting
voice". "Tenchi......" Aeka kissed him.

    Tenchi tried to stop, but that kiss felt good Tenchi thought. "Come on
Tenchi!" Aeka pleaded. "Miss Aeka......." Tenchi started to kiss Aeka.
Aeka's
heart raced when she felt his tongue in her mouth. "I knew that I could make
love to Tenchi......Oh, Tenchi!" Aeka thought. "My room is next room on the
left." Tenchi told Aeka. "Carry me to it Tenchi." Aeka was getting more into
the mood. Tenchi picked her up in his arms and carried her to the other
room.
Tenchi threw Aeka on his bed. Tenchi pinned Aeka on the bed. "Tenchi.......I
love you Tenchi, you are my heart's desire." Aeka whispered to him.

    Tenchi grinned and started to kiss her neck. Aeka was trying to take off
the rest of his clothes, when all of a sudden Sasami opened Tenchi door.
"Tenchi, breakfast!" Sasami skipped in happily. Sasami saw the position
Tenchi and Aeka were in. Sasami's eyes widen. "Aeka? What are you doing?"
Sasami started to shake. "Umm....Sasami, can you go, please?" Aeka asked
sweetly. Sasami was as still as a statue. "Uhhhhhhhhhh..............."
Sasami
repeated it over and over. "Tenchi, were are you?" Ryouko sung happily. She
flew into Tenchi's room. Ryouko saw something she prayed she would never
see.
Ryouko pushed Tenchi aside and picked up Aeka.

    "WHAT THE HELL IS TENCHI DOING ON TOP OF YOU, YOU LITTLE WHORE!" Ryouko
screamed. "How dare you call me a whore, you exhibitionist!" Aeka told Ryoko.
"Why don't you look at yourself, princess!" Ryouko pointed at Aeka's nude
body. Aeka grabbed a sheet and started fighting with Ryouko. "Tenchi, will
they ever stop fighting?" Sasami asked. "I don't count on it Sasami." Tenchi
answered. They both sighed.

    Aeka laid in her sleeping bag. "This is just the beginning, I will have
Tenchi be mine! You hear me!" Aeka screamed. "Keep it down Aeka, I am trying
to sleep!" Sasami groaned. Aeka looked down at the floor. "Tomorrow........"
