This is one of my most oddest fics I have yet made, but I feel like doing
it.  So you the fans be my judge.

Time Note: This takes place after Ryo-Ohki is blamed for breaking Yosho's
statue, in the "Tenchi in Tokyo, Moon Mission" episode.

by Tank Cop

My Little Baby Cabbit
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ryo-Ohki runs from the Makia house in tears and cries as she runs into the
deep forest.  She jumps from log to log, from bush to bush, from tree to
tree.  Running farther and farther away from home.

The poor Cabbit could hardly bare the fact that she was hated by everyone.
She soon finds a small cave where she takes refuge in.  She then lies
herself down, shacking and cold as she cries herself to sleep.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
At the house the entire family, now aware of the mistake they made, goes
looking for Ryo-Ohki.

"Ryo-Ohki where are you?"  Sasami yells.  "Ryo-Ohki, where sorry, please
come back."  Aeka says.  "Come on out Ryo-Ohki, its to late and cold to be
playing games like this."  Ryoko says.

The family looks for the lost Cabbit with no luck of finding her.  Aeka
holds her little sister tight in her arms as Sasami cries for her lost pet
and friend.  "Oh Ryo-Ohki where are you?  Boo Hoo."  Sasami said with tears
in her eyes.  "Come on Sasami, its late and getting very cold.  We will look
for Ryo-Ohki tomorrow, I promise."  Aeka tells her sobbing sister.

They all go back into the house and get some rest.  So they can get up early
to look for Ryo-Ohki.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ryo-Ohki wakes to up to find herself in a completely different place then
she was yesterday.  She yawned only to have something fall out of her
mouth.  It was a pacifier!  SHe then felt something on her head, she then
took it off to see that it was a bonnet!  She then looked around and saw
bars all around her.  She thought for a moment that she was in a cage.  She
then looked up to see there was no top to this cage.  Then looking around
again and released she was not in a cage, but a crib!  She took a closer
look at her surroundings.  She was in what appeared to be a little girl's
room, there where stuffed animals, dolls, and little girl clothes all over
the floor.  Ryo-Ohki then stands up and decides to try and escape, but as
she moves she hears a crunching sound and feels something in-between her
waist.  She looks down to see she is wearing a diaper!  Ryo-Ohki blushes all
over!  She then moved to the side of the crib and tries to get out, but its
to high.  Ryo-Ohki tries to jump over, but the diaper she was wearing made
jumming very hard, and made her move slow, and unsteadly.  So Ryo-Ohki only
managed to get to her paws to touch the top of the crib before falling down
on her diapered butt!  Ryo-Ohki was so unhappy with how things where that
she started to cry.

Just then a little girl in a blue dress comes into the room.  "What's the
matter?  Baby hungry?"  The little girl picks up Ryo-Ohki and holds her in
her arms, like a mother would hold her baby.  "My name is Nilly.  I live in
America, but my parents have to come to Japan once a month for business, and
i have to go with them.  Your a funny looking bunny.  My mommy and daddy
told me I could keep you.  So now your my baby and I am your mommy!"  Nilly
said with a smile.  Nilly seemed a sweet girl, age 5 or 6 from what Ryo-Ohki
could guess.  All though Ryo-Ohki was not ok with the being her baby thing.
"Here mommy will feed you now.  Baby must be hungry."  Nilly takes a baby
bottle full of milk and sticks it into Ryo-Ohki's mouth!  Ryo-Ohki once
again was blushing.  She found being bottle feed to be very embarrassing,
but she was thirsty and the milk did taste good.

After Ryo-Ohki drank all the milk, Nilly takes Ryo-Ohki over her sholder and
pats her back until she burps!  "Burp!"  Ryo-Ohki goes with a red face.
After Nilly started to play with Ryo-Ohki, bouncing her on her knee.  They
where both having a good time.  It was so much fun that Ryo-Ohki even lost
control of her bowles, and wet her diaper!  Ryo-Ohki was so ashmed and
embarrassed of what she did that she started to cry.  Nilly carried Ryo-Ohki
over to a changing table.  Shhh its ok baby, theres no need to cry, mommy
will change your diaper."  Nilly lies Ryo-Ohki on the table and removes her
wet diaper and puts it in the trash.  She then takes some talcom powder and
powders Ryo-Ohki's crouch and butt.  She then rubs some baby oil over her
crouch and butt.  Ryo-Ohki purred as Nilly rubbed her fingers over her oiled
pussy and bottom.  She creased and rubbed over Ryo-Ohki's most sensititve
spot for a few minutes.  Nilly then goes to get a fresh diaper, lifts up
Ryo-Ohki's legs and slides the diaper under her butt.  She then floods it
over her waist and crouch, and tapes the sides up nice and tight.  She then
picks up Ryo-Ohki and puts her in her arms and sings and rocks Ryo-Ohki back
and forth, until Ryo-Ohki falls asleep in her arms.

That night as Nilly was sleeping in her bed Ryo-Ohki took the chance to
escape.  She tried to jump over again, but failed.  Then she looked around
the crib to find something to help her get out.  She found some reading
blocks and started to stack them, until they where high enough.  Ryo-Ohki
then got on top of them and stretched her little arms over tothe top of the
crib and managed to pull herself out.  She then moves out of the house as
quicl as she could with diapers on.  As Ryo-Ohki walks out of the house she
can hear the sound of Nilly crying.  Ryo-Ohki walks back into the house and
to the door way of Nilly's room and sees her crying her sad eyes out.
Ryo-Ohki then made a hard dection.  She walks over to Nilly and goes "Meow"
behind her.  Nilly then looks back to see her little baby.  "OH your back,
your really back!"  Nilly yells as she picks up Ryo-Ohki and hugs her
tight.  "Well I will just stay here for a while, its alot better then being
cold and hungry in the woods."  Ryo-Ohki thought.

The next day Ryo-Ohki went though more bottle feeding, and baby food eating
as well.  She also endured the diaper changing too.  Everything was going
great until later on that day at dinner time.

At dinner Nilly's family was having carrots as a side dish.  Ryo-Ohki could
smell them and of course escaped her crib to try and get some.  Ryo-Ohki was
able to get under the table and could smell the sweet carrots that where
above her.  She then took the table cloth and started to pull on it hopping
to pull down a carrot or two.  Instead Ryo-Ohkipulled down the entire dinner
came crashing down on the floor.  *CRASH*  Then Nilly's Family looked down
to see Ryo-Ohki staring back at them.  Nilly then takes Ryo-Ohki back into
her room.  "Now look what you did you bad baby.  My mommy and daddy are mad
at me now.  I will have to punish you!"  Nilly then sits on her little
rocking chair and puts Ryo-Ohki over her lap.  She then takes the back of
Ryo-Ohki's dipaer down exposing her bare bottom to the world.  Nilly then
raise her hand and spanks Ryo-Ohki hard!  *SPANK*  Ryo-Ohki jumps in pain,
but is held down by Nilly.  "You bad, bad baby!"  Nilly yells as five more
hard swats hit Ryo-Ohki's defensless butt.  Poor Ryo-Ohki just cries out in
pain as Nilly keeps spanking her now very red and sore bottom.  After a
while Ryo-Ohki start to get a weried feeling in her pussy, as it starts to
get wet.  Nilly then moved from hand spanking to using a wooden hairbrush!
With made the spankings stink like crazy and made Ryo-Ohki cry even more
loud.  But as the heat in her ass was building, so the heat in her pussy.
Ryo-Ohki then rubbed her hips against the softness of the diaper, rubbing
her pussy and clint over the diaper, bringing her closer to a climax.  Nilly
gives Ryo_ohki tem more good hard swats with the brush, Ryo-Ohki cums full
force at the last swat.  As Both the pleasure of cumming and the pain of the
spanking hits her at once.  Ryo-Ohki then lies tired on Nilly's lap, as
Nilly rubs her hands over Ryo-Ohki's fiery bottom, saying how sorry she is.

Later on that day after Ryo-Ohki was again given a fresh diaper, Nilly's
parents talked to her and told her that Ryo-Ohki was to dangerous to keep,
that she could break more of there things, and that she should be set free
to the woods where she found her.  Ryo-Ohki could hear poor Nilly cry as she
walked in and told Ryo-Ohki.  "My mommy and daddy, say your no good, and I
have to set you free.  They promised to buy me a new bunny, but I don't want
a new one, I want to keep you."  Nilly picks up Ryo-Ohki and carry's her out
side, where Nilly's parent's where waiting.  Nilly then gives Ryo-Ohki one
last hug and kiss then puts her on the ground and lets Ryo-Ohki run into the
forest.  As Ryo-Ohki leaves the area of Nilly's home, she can hear Nilly's
cries growing less and less.  Ryo-Ohki started to cry too.  She will miss
Nilly, but knows she needs to get back to her own home.

It was late when Ryo-Ohki found her way back to the Maskia house.  AS she
approached the house she heard cries coming from inside, it was Sasami.
Ryo-Ohki ran in and finds Aeka comforting her sad sister.  "Is ok Sasami, we
will find Ryo-Ohki no matter what it takes."  Aeka said as she crossed her
sister's hair and rubbed her head.  Ryo-Ohki then walks in front of them and
goes "Meow".  Both of them stare at the happy little cabbit.  Sasami rushes
to pick her up.  "Oh Ryo-Ohki your back.  Oh I missed you so much.  Where
all sorry we where so mean to you!"  Sasami hugged Ryo-Ohki until she felt
something?  She looked at Ryo-Ohki again, and saw something very
surprising.  "Ryo-Ohki, why do you have a diaper on?"  Sasami asks.
Ryo-Ohki just blushed all over!

The End
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It is a happy ending with a sad twist.  It is hard to tell how to feel?  You
decide.  Was this funny, sad, ect?

I hope you enjoyed this lemon.  Strange as it is.  Well I did complete this
in just 2 hours.  I still don't know why I made this, I just thought it was
a cute lemon to make.  You be my judge.

Write to me what you thing.

Tank Cop ^_~
