

	The story arc Needful Things and all its sequels belong to 
a series called The Odd Man Out.  All current parts can be found 
at http://members.tripod.com/ballisticsausage/index.html




	Needful Things chapter one: Capitalism in Action.

	A Tenchi Muyo TV series lemon comedy by Ragun P. Moody.  
	Email the author at kichigai@tds.net with any comments.
	All characters and situations copyright their creators, 
Hiroki Hayashi and Masaki Kajishima, and AiC and Pioneer and are 
used without permission.  This is a nonprofit work only.




	*ding-dong*

	"Ryoko, could you get that?" Sasami called from the 
kitchen.

	*ding-dong*

	"Ryoko?" she called again.
	
	*ding-dong*

	"I'll get it Sasami," Ayeka replied, walking towards the 
door.

	"Thanks!" 

	Ayeka smiled her best welcoming smile, composing herself 
before opening the door.

	One hail of gunfire later, her lifeless body slumped to the 
floor, or so Ryoko imagined it, having just phased in through the 
ceiling on the way to answer the door herself.  She mentally 
shook herself and made a silent vow to cut back on the American 
TV shows.

	"Hello," Ayeka greeted warmly, bowing politely to the old 
woman on the other side.  "This is the Masaki residence, and I am 
Ayeka Masaki."

	"Why hello there," she replied, bowing deeply in return.  
"My name is Hisako Ikeuchi.  I'm sorry to trouble you, but thanks 
to a recent purchase you or someone you know made, my company has 
been made aware that at least one of the members of this 
household may be interested in 'feminine accessories'."  She 
smiled broadly, deep lines criss-crossing her face until it was 
hard to tell the eyes and mouth from any of the other few hundred 
age lines.  She was very well dressed, wearing an older styled 
but still fashionable kimono and toting a small sack in one hand.

	(A door to door salesman?) Ayeka wondered.  (They're 
usually scared off by Azaka and Kamidaki...)

	The same thought crossed through Ryoko's mind as well, but 
unlike Ayeka she spared the pleasantries.  "Yeah, whatever," she 
said dismissively, dropping down slowly from the ceiling to 
better add to the effect.  "Whatever it is, we don't want any."

	Ayeka immediately rounded on her.  "Ryoko!  How rude!  I 
realize that you are uncivilized and uncouth, but there's no need 
to be insulting!"  She glared at her nemesis, who glared right 
back.

	Blinking twice in astonishment, the old woman recovered 
with amazing speed.  "Oh, that's quite alright.  I've been 
subjected to far worse receptions than that.  However, I urge you 
to at least consider what I'm offering here."

	Both of them immediately turned to her.  "And just what is 
it you're peddling, old woman?" Ryoko asked in a tone that 
implied it had better be a good answer.

	She smiled again, this time the widest yet.  "You two are 
such pretty young women, yet here you are far out in the 
countryside.  Tell me, do you get out much?"

	Ayeka clasped her hands in front of her and looked pensive, 
while Ryoko sighed slightly.  "No, not really," they both replied 
sadly.

	She nodded as if she'd been expecting that answer.  "I 
thought not.  This is indeed far from the city, and while I'm 
sure you get to go to town sometimes, it's simply too 
inconvenient to make the trip often.  It is for that very reason 
that many of my best customers live this far out.  Tell me 
another thing, girls, do you occasionally... get lonely?"

	They turned and looked at each other, then laughed.  

	"Mrs. Ikeuchi, loneliness is the last thing we have to 
worry about," Ayeka replied.

	She smiled knowingly.  "I see, what is his name?"

	They both sighed melodramatically.  "Tenchi..." they 
chorused.

	"Oooh, he must be quite a boy to have two girls at once!" 

	They both backed away and glared at each other.  

	"No way would I share Tenchi with little miss princess!" 
Ryoko denied.

	"Yes, I'm afraid you misunderstood us.  Neither of us is 
dating Tenchi at the moment.  There are... other considerations."  
Ayeka turned back to their guest.  Something struck her.  "Oh!  
Excuse me, where are my manners!  Would you like to come in and 
have some tea, Mrs. Ikeuchi?"

	"Yes, please.  I'd like that."  Inwardly she exulted.  
(Sold!)
	
	Ayeka escorted her into the living room and called to her 
sister.  "Sasami, could you please bring us some tea?  We have a 
visitor."

	"A visitor?" came Sasami's reply.  "I'll be there soon!"

	"Back to this young fellow you both are interested in, does 
he live close?" asked the old woman, graciously taking the seat 
Ayeka offered her.

	"Actually, he lives here.  We're just staying with him," 
Ryoko replied from her seat opposite Ayeka's.

	She raised one eyebrow.  "I see.  And these other 
considerations..."

	"Ayeka and the others won't leave us alone so we can be 
together," Ryoko replied again, sticking out her tongue at Ayeka.

	"Leave you two alone?!  Hardly!  It is you who will not let 
Tenchi and I be together, as we were clearly meant to be!"

	Mrs. Ikeuchi chuckled, even as she shook her head mentally.  
(They really do get strange, this far from the city...) Out loud 
she said, "I see.  I take it things get lively around here."

	They nodded.

	"I see what you mean by not being lonely.  Are there many 
others that live here as well?"

	"Tenchi, his father and grandfather, my sister Sasami and 
I, and then there's this bum..."

	Ryoko glared at the princess.  "You forgot Kiyone and 
Mihoshi," she pointed out.

	"Yes, but they don't actually live here," Ayeka reminded 
her, looking up as Sasami entered the room carrying a tea tray.

	"Might as well, Ryoko grumbled.

	"Ooh, thank you child."  Mrs. Ikeuchi leaned forward to 
help with the tea, a very informal gesture that neither Ryoko or 
Ayeka noticed.	

	After they'd all accepted a cup, Mrs. Ikeuchi resumed 
talking.  "Well, I'm glad to hear that you don't get bored often.  
However, that's not exactly what I was talking about.  I mean, do 
you ever, you know, get _lonely_?"  She glanced at Sasami, then 
back at the other two.  Seeing the looks of incomprehension on 
their faces, she continued.  "You know, sometimes the bed just 
feels a bit too large for just one?"

	"Lonely?  I get lonely sometimes, but I've got Ryo-Ohki to 
keep me company, and then there's everyone else that comes 
through..." Sasami replied thoughtfully.  "But I like my bed."

	Finally getting it, Ayeka laughed nervously.  "Umm, Sasami, 
this is a little too adult for you, thank you for the tea, but 
could you please let us be for now?"

	Sasami sighed.  "I know, I know, I never get to hear the 
good stuff..."  She walked away dejectedly.

	Ryoko angrily turned to Ayeka.  "That was pretty mean, 
telling her to leave like that."

	"Oh, but necessary, I'm afraid," Mrs. Ikeuchi interrupted.  
She reached in her little bag and pulled out two glossy magazines 
with the logo 'Secret Pleasures' on them and handed them to her 
hosts.

	They both accepted them wordlessly and thumbed through 
briefly.  

	"Oh..." Ayeka said, amazed.

	"My..." Ryoko finished, one eyebrow raised to its furthest 
physical limits.

	The old woman nodded.  "I get that reaction a lot.  See 
anything you like, Dear?  I'm afraid I can't guarantee 
satisfaction, most of our customers just scream 'More!' and 
'MORE!'"

	Ryoko nodded enthusiastically and thumbed madly through an 
entire section devoted to crotchless lingerie and bikinis 
guaranteed to 'Light the fires of your lover's passion.'  

	Ayeka involuntarily flipped a few more pages, then moved to 
hand the magazine back.  "I'm sorry, but I don't think we need 
such objects of base perversion in this..." she trailed off, 
looking at Ryoko.  "I don't think _I_ would need such objects of 
base perversion."

	Ryoko looked up at her and stuck out her tongue.  "You're 
just jealous because I'd look better in these than you would," 
she replied, holding up the magazine.  The 'these' in question 
being two sequins and a cork short of a rather modest one piece.

	Ayeka struggled to ignore Ryoko's antics.  "Unlike Ryoko, 
some of us don't care to dress up as the town slut and sleep with 
every man, woman, and toaster oven that crosses our path-"

	The old woman frowned and cut Ayeka off mid-sentence.  "Oh, 
come off it, Dear, we're all women here.  Sometimes a girl needs 
a little something special to revive a marriage, or comfort 
herself in loneliness, or maybe, dare I say it..."  She paused, 
waiting for their full attention.  

	"Yes?" they both asked, leaning forward.

	"Something to help bag that perfect man..."

	
				****************

	
	"You couldn't get her to come out?" Kiyone asked, eyeing 
the door to Washu's lab.  "I'm sure she'd find all this... 
Interesting."

	"Nah," Ryoko replied.  "Sasami tried before her and Tenchi 
left.  If she wants to stay locked up in there, that's fine with 
me."

	"I brought rice cakes and pocky!" Mihoshi announced, 
carrying a tray loaded with snacks into the living room.

	"And I brought tea and drinks," Ayeka seconded, also 
carrying supplies into the living room.

	"You didn't get the sake," Ryoko replied.  "I did."

	Ayeka sniffed.  "And I'm sure our guests will appreciate 
it.  After all, almost _everyone_ except _me_ starts drinking 
right after lunchtime..."

	Kiyone looked around the room, checking to make sure 
everything was in place.  Flower arrangements, seats, glasses, 
napkins... 

	The 'party', explained to her by Ayeka and Ryoko, was 
nearly ready.  She reached in her pocket and pulled out one of 
the large, glossy business cards that had been left.  Starting on 
the front and flipping over to the back, it read, 'Secret 
Pleasures, adult gifts, toys, and more.  Don't be embarrassed in 
a store, give our catalog a try.  Afraid of what the mailman will 
think?  (Or want to keep it a surprise from him.)  Ask about our 
traveling inventory!  We bring the store to you!'  There was also 
a phone number and a fax number.

	As the old woman had put it, she didn't actually carry 
around any merchandise.  Instead, she would visit an area and 
talk to the people, carefully feeling out her reception.  Then 
she would help organize a party for the local women, whereupon 
she would bring a large selection from her catalogs and show it 
off to the women assembled.  When informed that two more girls 
were all they knew to invite, she had tsked and asked if she 
could bring several more.

	*ding-dong*

	"I'll get it," Ayeka called.  "That must be them." 

	The other three gathered in the living room to wait for her 
return, Ryoko mostly indifferent but curious, Mihoshi just 
curious, and Kiyone trying to shake off a bad feeling.

	Ayeka returned with five women in tow, Mrs. Ikeuchi right 
behind her and the others trailing along.

	"Hello," the three in the living room chorused and bowed.  
The others responded in kind.

	Mrs. Ikeuchi stepped forward, drawing attention.  "Ladies, 
my name is Hisako Ikeuchi, and this is Miyo Okawa," she said, 
indicating a pleasant looking woman in her forties, "Mariko 
Kibogame," a younger woman in her late twenties or early 
thirties, "And Ayame Sekuchi and Reiko Yamoto," the last a pair 
of young college women who stood rather prominently together.

	Ayeka smiled and started listing names.  "I am Ayeka 
Masaki, and I'll be your hostess.  This is Mihoshi, Kiyone, and 
Mrs. Ikeuchi has already met Ryoko."

	Several eyebrows raised at the lack of last names, but 
everyone smiled awkwardly.  It was a very specific kind of 
awkwardness, akin to the feeling of unease everyone shares just 
before an orgy, but with considerably more embarrassment and less 
heavy breathing.

	"Well, before we get started," began Mrs. Ikeuchi, "could 
we all go out to my van and get the boxes?  I'm afraid they were 
a little awkward to bring in when we first got here."

	Everyone nodded and trooped out silently to help her carry 
them in.  After everything had been brought in and everyone had 
sat down and had a cup of tea, Mrs. Ikeuchi hastened to bring the 
oppressive nervousness to an end.  

	(Some people,) she thought, (just don't know how to be 
themselves.)

	Having conveniently seated herself near one large box, she 
set her tea down and opened it.  It was stuffed with lace, and 
every color of the rainbow was represented. 

	"Ah, here's a cute little number," she said, unfolding one 
to show the others.  It was a fetching shade of green, long silk 
stockings and garters topped by a voluminous teddy with built in 
support.

	They all admired it thoughtfully, but no one spoke up and 
she laid it aside.  "How about a nice schoolgirl uniform?  Some 
men really go for this kind of thing, and you can regain your 
lost youth!" she announced, pulling out a fairly nondescript blue 
skirt and blouse, although on closer inspection the skirt was 
just a _little_ shorter than regulation.  

	It, too, was met with indifference.  Although several of 
the girls looked almost interested, especially the thirty-
something year old, none of them were willing to air that kind of 
personal detail.  Maybe they were just too uncomfortable with 
getting their private life out in the open.  Kamisama knew it 
wouldn't be the first time.

	She tried again.  "Maybe a flashier version with matching 
boots and heart wand?  You know he'll like it if you've ever 
caught him watching magical girl anime!"  

	No sale.

	Shrugging, she set that aside and dug through another box, 
finally pulling out a complicated system of leather straps 
attached to a large rubber ball.  "Eh?" she inquired, holding it 
up for them to see.  "Makes the perfect gag gift!"

	A few people stirred uncomfortably.

	And thus it went, with more and more outfits being shown, 
ranging from an completely authentic geisha outfit, complete with 
hair ornaments and makeup, to a rather inventive take on what the 
American girls were supposed to be wearing.  Alas, it was not to 
be.  Mrs. Ikeuchi began wondering if she may have been wasting 
her time.

	Ryoko, having gotten somewhat bored, grabbed a bottle of 
sake and waved it in the direction of the other women invitingly.  
Much to her surprise, the older woman, Miyo Okawa, she managed to 
remember, grinned in relief and nodded enthusiastically.  Ryoko 
took a little extra time to make sure Ayeka noticed, then poured 
herself and the other woman a cup of sake.  Technically, it 
should have been warm, but Ryoko didn't care and neither did 
Miyo.

	Several cups later, both of them had a faint blush.

	Mrs. Ikeuchi was getting a bit discouraged, as no one had 
seemed in the least inclined to buy anything.  In fact, one of 
her prospective customers had already nodded off to sleep!  She 
sighed, then put down the fishnet stockings she'd been boring 
people with.  "Listen, everyone.  I know I've been boring you, 
because I'm so enthusiastic about my merchandise I just can't 
stop talking about it.  But I'm so confident in the goods 
contained in these boxes that I'm going to be quiet and let my 
wares do the talking.  Have at it girls, if you've any questions 
don't hesitate to ask."

	"Mrs. Ikeuchi, what do you mean?" Ayeka asked, puzzled.

	"I mean for you to open the boxes and go through them 
yourself," she replied, opening up another in demonstration.  She 
reached inside and withdrew a large leather whip, then cracked it 
over everyone's head, startling Mihoshi awake.  "Well?" she 
asked.  "What are you waiting for?"

	They needed no further prompting.  Ryoko and Mrs. Okawa, 
each a little tipsy, gleefully ripped into a box.  Ayeka's eyes 
lit up at the sight of the whip, and she went straight for the 
box Mrs. Ikeuchi had opened.  The others were a bit more reserved 
in their explorations.

	Mihoshi leaned near Kiyone.  "Huh?  What's going on?" she 
asked.

	"If you hadn't fell asleep, you might have known," she 
hissed.  "We're to look through the boxes on our own."

	"Oh!  I see," Mihoshi nodded happily, brightening.  "It's 
sort of like a treasure hunt!"

	Kiyone shrugged and handed her a rather thin box.  "Here, 
hunt away."  After handing it to her partner, she moved farther 
down the couch to be closer to the other women.

	"Books, bleah, why would I want a book?" Ryoko grumbled, 
trying to make sense of the cover.

	Miyo carefully examined the back, then reached out and took 
it from Ryoko, turned it over, and handed it back.  Ryoko 
scratched her head, then read the cover aloud.  "Secrets of 
Seduction, volume one.  What that idiot is thinking, and why he 
is so difficult to attract.  A beginner's guide to finding a 
man."  She raised an eyebrow and turned it over to read the back.  
"Oh, wow, it's written in short words and it even has diagrams!"  
She put the book to one side.

	Miyo's box, on the other hand, contained edible body oils 
and lubricants.  Finding little of interest other than a rather 
phallic shaped bottle for citrus scented cream, she divided her 
attention between the bottle and the contents of other peoples 
boxes.

	Mihoshi carefully opened the tabs holding her box closed 
and looked inside.  "Kiyone?" she asked, pulling out a smaller 
box.  "What's a 'Pleasureslave 2000'?"

	Kiyone reflexively glanced at the box, then blushed.  
"Mihoshi, that's a fake penis," she hissed, trying to avoid 
drawing attention.

	Mrs. Ikeuchi, however, could hear a potential sale across a 
crowded store.  She spoke up indignantly.  "That's hardly _just_ 
a fake penis!  Nine out of ten women rated that better than the 
real thing, and the tenth was a virgin!"  

	Kiyone, faced with several raised eyebrows, spluttered 
something and lapsed into silence.

	Mihoshi turned the box around, looking at it from all 
sides.  It didn't display a picture.

	"It has triple lightweight rotary heads," Mrs. Ikeuchi 
began, eyes losing focus as she tried to remember the details.  
"drawing only two watts of power per motor.  The nickel-cadmium 
batteries recharge in less than an hour and will last more than 
long enough for each session.  The heads have special slots for 
long hair and little holes for short stubble-"  She stopped, her 
hand over her mouth.  "Oops, that was the specifications for my 
husband's electric shaver I bought him last week.  I'm sorry.  As 
you get older you memory starts to go, you know."

	Mihoshi looked at her in complete confusion.

	"Anyway," she began again, trying to regain her composure.  
"The Pleasureslave 2000 XLW does have long lasting, rechargeable 
Ni-cad batteries included, a twin motor design that allows both 
twisting and vibrating motion, and special expansion rings along 
its side that stimulate real coitus.  It represents the 
culmination of modern sexual science.  It was even endorsed by 
that man among men, John Holmes." 

	"Wow!  I bet this would feel much better than those 
cucumbers you always use, Kiyone!" Mihoshi exclaimed.

	One of the two college girls looked at her and raised an 
eyebrow.

	Kiyone blushed bright red and attempted to fade into the 
background, amid the occasional snicker.

	Mrs. Ikeuchi leaned over and patted her leg.  "That's okay, 
Dear, that's why I'm here."

	"Just how much does that thing cost?" Kiyone asked 
accusingly, trying to shift focus away from herself.

	Mrs. Ikeuchi shook her head.  "Ask me later, Dear.  It's 
not polite to discuss money in the middle of inventory."

	Having already leafed through several h-manga, most of 
which Nobuyuki already had, and glanced at the several Kama Sutra 
translations available, Ryoko decided it was time to annoy the 
princess, who, despite her protestations that she was only 
looking for something to entice Tenchi, had immediately dove into 
the kinkiest box in the room.  (It figured,) thought Ryoko.

	Ayeka had had to set aside several leather and vinyl 
outfits to reach the real prize, an assortment of leather riding 
crops and bullwhips in different colors.  She was trying to 
decide between a purple whip with a red bow above the handle and 
a solid black one without any adornment when Ryoko interrupted 
her.

	"Oh, Ryoko, which one do you like?" she asked distractedly.

	"Which one hurts more?" 

	Ayeka lay them down and turn to face her.  "The point isn't 
to hurt your partner, it's to show your love and affection, and 
occasionally remind him who is boss.  But I suppose that someone 
with _your_ upbringing could never appreciate the finer points of 
bridal training."

	Ryoko ignored her for the most part, choosing instead to 
examine one of the cheap vinyl dominatrix outfits.  She toyed 
with it idly and dropped it.  "That has got to be the stupidest 
looking thing I've ever seen.  Who would buy something like 
that?"

	Although she privately agreed, Ayeka felt compelled to 
defend the horrid looking clothes.  They were clearly associated 
with some form of Earth bridal training, and who was she to look 
down on another culture's customs?  "Hmph, I don't see you 
picking out anything to wear.  Could it be that you know you 
wouldn't look good in anything here, hmm?"

	Ryoko, her relative good mood spoiled by the princess's 
bitchy attitude, finally started getting mad.  "And I suppose you 
think you'd look better?" she returned, her voice dropping a few 
octaves. 

	"Oh, I'd look better in this than you would in any two 
outfits here!"  Ayeka shot back, getting up in Ryoko's face.  

	"Prove it."  Ryoko had had it with her, and now it was time 
to make her pay in abject humiliation.

	"Fine, I will," Ayeka replied.

	Mrs. Ikeuchi, who'd been paying careful attention lest 
they start fighting, jumped in gleefully.  "All right girls, 
that's what we need!  A fashion show!  Or if you want to look at 
it that way, a beauty competition.  We can set up a runway, and 
you two can change and show us your stuff."  She turned and 
looked around at the others.  "Reiko!  Ayame!  You two young 
ladies will be the judges here.  I believe both of you can 
appreciate the nuances of the female form, am I correct?"

	They both nodded, a slow smile starting to form on Reiko's 
face.

	The old woman nodded happily.  "Alright, it's settled.  
Pick an outfit and get dressed.  We'll see who is the sexier for 
ourselves!"

	Ryoko left Ayeka to play dress up while she searched for 
something... Special.  She had a plan.  She wasn't just looking 
for something to make herself look better than Ayeka, that 
wouldn't take much, no, Ryoko was digging through the piles of 
lace and spandex with only one thought in mind:  What would 
Tenchi like?

	(This is it, Ayeka,) Ayeka thought.  (It's down to the 
wire.  Which one do you like more?)  Ayeka had in fact picked up 
the two whips she been unable to decide over earlier and had 
resumed her deliberation.

	Suddenly, Ryoko saw it.  It was white with black spots, 
fuzzy as Ryo-Ohki, just her size, and soft and supple as a 
lover's caress.  She picked the two-piece up and cradled it, 
stroking the luxurious fur.  The label said genuine snow leopard 
skin, not that she knew what a snow leopard was.  It was so small 
and skin-tight that the leopard had probably got up and walked 
off after the surgery.  The price tag was twice the number of 
digits of anything else, but she didn't care.  She had a princess 
to humiliate, after all.  

	Kiyone, abandoning her partner to chat with the other 
women, walked over to where Ayeka was still playing with the 
whips.  "Still can't decide?"

	Ayeka nodded.  "The whip is everything, I have to 
accessorize around it.  This is a very important decision."

	Kiyone cocked her head sideways and felt the red bow.  
"How well do they work?  I mean, does one handle better than the 
other?"

	Ayeka smiled, looking at them in a new light.  "I don't 
know, Kiyone, I'll tell you in a minute."  Suddenly, she turned 
and snapped her hand, this one holding the black whip, aiming at 
a box lip flap sticking up on a table near where the others were.  
Two snaps later there was a sloppy but recognizable heart etched 
into the cardboard.  

	Everyone jumped and dove for cover at the first crack, but 
when they saw what she'd done they applauded nervously, almost 
afraid not to.

	Ayeka critically examined the whip, then set it down.  
"Pulls a little to the right.  I'll try the other."  She 
transferred the purple one into her right hand and weighed it 
thoughtfully, then snapped it twice, aiming to the left of her 
last mark.

	Aware of what she was doing this time, no one dove for 
cover, but they still watched from a distance.  This time the 
heart was more shapely, but the two lines didn't quite join.

	She weighed it again, tugging slightly at the large bow.  
"Better, but the bow throws it off a bit.  Still, I think this is 
the better of the two.  I'll use it."  

	Kiyone nodded and didn't ask any more questions.  She'd 
probably just want to demonstrate again.

	Ryoko's eye fell on another pile of clothes that had been 
lain neatly to one side.  On top was another matching bra and 
panty set, a translucent blue counterpart to the little balls of 
fur she had already selected.  A slow smile crept across her 
features.  (Well, she did say any _two_ outfits here...)  She 
giggled evilly, grabbed it up, and left to go change.  No sense 
letting the competition see what she was up to.

	Her choice of whip now behind her, Ayeka set about the task 
of picking the right accessories.  Too bad she had so little to 
chose from.  Every one of the outfits was hideous.

	Mrs. Ikeuchi stepped up to help her decide more quickly.  
On the most expensive, naturally.  

	"Having trouble picking something, Dear?"

	"Yes, they're all so strange.  I've never seen anything 
like this before," Ayeka replied.

	"How odd, you popped that whip like a professional.  Hmm, 
you're looking to outshine your friend, so you want only the very 
best."  She made a little show of sorting through the pile.  
"Ah," she said, picking one up.  "Here's just the thing."  She 
held it against Ayeka to judge the size.  "Ooh, it's a good thing 
you can cinch the laces tighter, or I don't think I'd have 
anything that would fit you."

	Ayeka took it from her, and examined it, then looked at the 
price tag.  "Oh, my, it's a little expensive.  Do you have 
anything cheaper?"

	Mrs. Ikeuchi frowned thoughtfully.  "Well, yes, I do, but 
it's in vinyl.  You'd look like a cheap slut, Dear.  This is 
genuine leather, top quality.  That's why it's so expensive."

	Ayeka hesitated.  "Yes, but I only have so much money.  I'd 
like to look through your other selections as well."

	(Fine, as long as she spends it here,) she thought.  (But 
it's dreadfully hard to sell these things.)  "Oh, come now, Dear, 
you want to look your best, right?  Do you think Miss Ryoko would 
hesitate at price?"  That was a calculated gamble at best, but 
given the way she'd already seen Ryoko's eye stray toward the 
more expensive items she was willing to risk it.

	Ayeka frowned.  "No, probably not.  The little thief 
probably has a pile of cash tucked away."

	"Well then, you can't let her outdo you, you've got a man 
to think about."

	Ayeka hesitated once more.  Then, "Do you think he'd like 
it?"

	"Oh, of course, Dear.  What young man wouldn't want to kiss 
your whip for the privilege of seeing you in that?"  (It takes 
all kinds...) thought Mrs. Ikeuchi.

	"Well...  Alright."

	"Great!"  the old woman's enthusiasm was unforced.  "You'd 
better go change, then, I think Miss Ryoko has already left."

	While they were gone, Mrs. Ikeuchi gathered the girls and 
set up a sort of runway, a clear path amongst the furniture and 
seats for the two judges at the end.  The silliness started to 
get to them, and there was much giggling and quiet smiles as they 
worked.  Or, in Miyo's case, bawdy laughter.

	It didn't take long for Ayeka and Ryoko to change, but when 
it came time to make their entrance, Ryoko waved Ayeka on ahead 
under the pretense of fixing her hair in a mirror.

	Ayeka paused to gather courage, it was an _awfully_ silly 
looking outfit, then boldly strode through the door.

	Whistles and murmurs greeted her, every eye in the place 
glued to her body.  The fear, the knowledge that she looked 
silly, nearly drove her back through the door to hide.  There 
were so many new faces judging her!  (A princess of Jurai must 
not waver,) she thought grimly, drawing upon her past experience 
to walk regally through the room, pausing to look contemptuously 
at Mihoshi and survey the others with a superior air.  

	She coiled her whip at her side, the red and purple 
standing out against the polished black of her outfit.  Leather 
covered her from crotch to throat, but there was an open vee 
between her breasts down so far it was nearly indecent, held 
together only by tight leather laces.  Black knee high boots and 
tight gauntlets completed the look, but the heels were much lower 
than would be normal.

	Reiko leaned over to her friend and whispered, "Not bad.  
Better than I would have expected."

	Ayame nodded but replied, "She doesn't look bad, but the 
condescending attitude annoys me.  More dominatrix, less rich 
bitch."

	Reiko shrugged.

	Suddenly, a slow dance song started playing throughout the 
house, and one long, long, shapely leg stuck through the crack 
between the door and the frame.  

	Everyone oohed, appreciating the style Ryoko had invested.  
Miyo raised a bottle of sake in salute and tossed it back.

	Ayeka, her spotlight stolen, fumed.

	Slowly, Ryoko emerged in tune with the music.  She didn't 
walk as Ayeka had done, she _strutted_ into the room, rolling her 
hips and turning, giving the audience the best view of her furry 
derriere.  The white fur sparkled in the light, the light dusting 
of glitter teasing the eye as she moved.  She pursed her lips, 
running hands up her body to her head, long teal locks falling 
through her splayed fingers.

	The music changed tone, three sharp drumbeats which Ryoko 
responded to by hip bumping, then stalking over to her rival.

	Ayeka stood frozen, turning only her head to keep the 
pirate in view as Ryoko circled, sizing up her opponent.

	With a sniff and a toss of her hair, Ryoko turned her back 
and strode over to the rest of the people assembled.

	Ayame leaned back over to Reiko.  "You see?  Now that's 
what I'm talking about."  Louder, she yelled, "That's how you do 
it!  Shake that thing!"

	Reiko glared.  "Hey!"

	Miyo, too, liked the moves and dress of her drinking 
partner, and laughed loudly.  "Way to go, yeah!  You're twice as 
sexy as she is!  Let's declare Ryoko the winner!"

	"That is IT!" Ayeka growled, rounding on Miyo.  Her whip 
flashed and popped, and three severed hairs fell across the older 
woman's line of sight.  The whip was coiled back in an instant, 
years of practice turning it into an automatic procedure.  Ayeka 
strode towards her, using the bend of her whip to lift her slack 
jaw and look her directly in the eye.  "Be quiet," she hissed.

	Miyo gulped audibly and nodded, clutching at the sake 
bottle with both hands.

	Turning, Ayeka deftly swung her whip, softly this time, 
so the tip was just able to snag a bright yellow flower from one 
of the vases and send it flying back to her.  She held it for a 
second, inhaling the sweet fragrance, then tucked it into Miyo's 
hair.  "Be good, now," she smiled.

	"Whoa...  Can I be next?" Reiko breathed.

	Ayame pinched her, getting another glare.

	Ryoko watched with narrowed eyes, not liking the way things 
were going.  (Time to bring out my secret weapon...)  

	All eyes focused on her as she jumped and spun, 
reaching behind her with both hands as she grabbed for the tie to 
her top.  The two ends fell away freely, but her arms were 
clamped to her sides and the front remained firmly fixed in place 
as she sashayed over to the judges and leaned forward, putting 
her breasts in Ayame's face.  "Go on, take it," invited Ryoko.

	Ayame reached out hesitantly and hooked one finger in the 
narrow portion between her breasts, but Reiko batted her hand in 
a fit of pique, sending the snow leopard top flying.  A thin 
trickle of blood trailed from Ayame's nose as she got an eyeful 
of Ryoko's now see-through blue lace bra.

	Ryoko grinned at the reaction, then turned to show the rest 
of the girls.  Her hips swayed seductively as she sauntered to 
the center of the room and tugged at the band of her bottom, 
giving brief flashes of the even skimpier panties underneath.  In 
two quick jerks she'd dropped them down, baring the sheer sky-
blue cloth that disappeared between her cheeks long before it got 
close to her legs and then re-covering it in a flash.  

	She spun in a slow circle, pulling both sets halfway down, 
exposing _incredibly_ soft flesh before Ryoko released the 
panties with a snap, only then continuing to drop the leopard 
skin until it finally fell to her knees, pressing her legs 
together slightly to slow its descent until it pooled at her 
feet.  She stepped one foot out and used the other to raise the 
fur high into the air like a trophy, then flip it in the 
direction of the judges.

	Ayeka's whip snagged it out of the air before it had sailed 
more than a few feet.

	Ryoko's eyes reflexively followed its path, a mistake as 
the whip snapped again so close to her bottom she could feel the 
wind.  "Ah!" she yelled, surprised and startled.  She jumped into 
the air and backed into a fighting stance.

	Ayeka stomped menacingly closer, snapping her whip into the 
air around her opponent, getting a tiny flinch each time.  
"Ryoko..." she growled, getting in her face.  "Do you see this 
whip?"  She brought it up between them, no more than a few inches 
from either of their faces. 

	Ryoko nodded.  "So?"

	Ayeka licked, starting at the bow on the handle and 
traveling closer to the body, her eyes never deviating from their 
aggressive stare into Ryoko's.  

	Reiko ceased to breathe, hanging on the edge of her seat 
with white knuckles where she gripped the sides.

	(Damn,) thought Ryoko.  Then she had an idea.  Gingerly, 
she reached out and stroked the whip, a motion similar to the 
ones she used when she petted Ryo-Ohki.  Two fingers captured the 
trailing end, and she tugged the coils free to wrap around her 
own body.  

	Ayeka held onto the handle firmly, lest Ryoko wrench it 
from her grasp, but Ryoko simply resumed her dance, always 
focusing on Ayeka.

	She moved, sometimes nearer, sometimes farther away, always 
grinding her hips, sliding her feet, and giving heavy lidded 
stares to everyone around her. 
		
	Ayeka was far from finished, however.  She waited until 
Ryoko drew close, then pulled her hand up and flicked the handle 
in a circle, sending several coils of leather around Ryoko's arms 
and drawing them tight.

	Ryoko blinked in surprise, stumbling as Ayeka pulled on the 
whip strongly, forcing her to get within arms reach.  Ayeka 
suddenly seized her, stepping up and hugging her with both arms, 
hooking one of those tight black boots behind Ryoko's legs and 
leaning forward.  

	Ryoko tripped and bent backwards at her knees, Ayeka's arms 
and whip the only thing between her and the floor.  They held 
that pose for several seconds, then Ayeka straightened up and 
jerked on the whip, stepping aside deftly to allow Ryoko to spin 
past and collapse on the floor.

	Ayeka stood triumphantly over her fallen foe, recoiling the 
whip into both gloved hands.  Her face had a look of extreme 
satisfaction as she breathed heavily, leather creaking in 
protest.

	Ryoko lay on her hip with her head down, one leg stretched 
out and the other bent beneath her, her arms supporting her upper 
body as she gazed up through the veil of hair that had fallen 
forward to conceal her face.  She, too, shuddered as she gasped 
for breath, face flushed with exertion.  

	Somewhere, the music stopped.

	Reiko hit the floor.

	Ayame, on the other hand, sagged nerveless in her chair, 
eyes closed as she tried to remember every detail. 

	*clap clap clap*  

	Mrs. Ikeuchi stepped forward, clapping loudly and 
distinctly.

	Everyone else started clapping as well, slowly at first but 
gradually getting louder.  Miyo whistled in approval.

	"Well _done_ girls, that was as fine a performance as I've 
ever seen!  I'm sorry, though, but I think we'll have to call it 
a draw.  Neither of our good judges seems to be with us at the 
moment."

	Ayame waggled one hand weakly.  "I want one of those 
outfits."

	"Me, too," floated up from the floor beside her.

	Mrs. Ikeuchi flashed a bright smile at the rest of them.  
"Anyone else see anything they like?"

	This time, she was not disappointed.


			*****************


	The common household rat is a creature that is eternally 
seeking to avoid confrontation.  It skulks quietly around in dark 
places, always keeps to the edges of a room, and hides instantly 
when faced with anything bigger and stronger than itself.  Like 
all things, it is constantly avoiding that final appointment with 
fate.

	That's not to say that it's a truly cowardly animal, merely 
that it knows when it is far outmatched, which, sadly, is most of 
the time.  However, when the chips are down and it's backed into 
a corner, all that repressed ferocity pours forth, making it an 
opponent to be reckoned with.

	Tenchi shared many of the personality traits of a rat, as 
he was also eternally seeking to avoid confrontation.  In fact, 
according to the less charitable, he was a weenie.  That wasn't 
entirely his fault, at one time he was actually able to have an 
intelligent conversation with the opposite sex and could consider 
a relationship in a clear frame of mind.  

	All that was before aliens landed in his backyard.

	First impressions are often the most powerful, and Tenchi's 
first impression of the beautiful alien women that kept moving in 
with him was of beautiful women wielding powers beyond his 
understanding and trying to kill each other.  He was far 
outmatched, and he knew it.

	A normal, manly view of this would be 'Go for it, it's 
worth the risk!', especially when it became apparent that they 
liked him.  Tenchi was too afraid to even think about it.  
The potential gains did not outweigh the risk of being squished 
like a bug.  His worldview, a product of a male dominated 
society, had trouble with powerful women, and thus, he turned 
into a weenie and lost much of his emerging manliness.

	Still, being a male such as he was, he did have several 
manly characteristics.  He was a good bit dense, he tended to 
leave the toilet seat up, and he avoided thinking about anything 
he didn't know how to handle in the hope that it'd go away.  That 
wasn't much to work with, but it was all Ayeka and Ryoko had.


				****************


	"We're home!" called Tenchi, opening the door to let Sasami 
through.  They'd spent the day in the city, going to amusement 
parks and shopping.  Neither of which were Tenchi's idea of a 
good time, but he had fun regardless.

	"Ayeka?  Ryoko?"  Sasami called, carrying a few small bags 
in and letting Tenchi bring the rest.  

	"Hello!" chorused the two girls as they appeared to greet 
them.  Kiyone and Mihoshi had already gone home after helping 
clean up, and the others had long since left.  "How was your day, 
Sasami?" asked Ayeka cheerfully.

	"Good, thanks!" Sasami replied, setting her bags down on 
the couch.  "We went shopping, and then we went to a water park, 
and then we ate pizza, and then we shopped some more!  Did you 
have fun while we were gone?"

	Ayeka nodded, glaring at Ryoko where she was trying to 
cuddle up to Tenchi.  "Yes, it was quite interesting.  I had no 
idea Earth shared so many similarities with Jurai- Ryoko!  Would 
you stop that!  We agreed, not till we finished the book!"

	"I was just checking!" Ryoko protested innocently.  "You 
know, article twelve!"

	"You've already done that.  Lots."

	Tenchi turned to Sasami, who shrugged.  "Well," he said, 
turning back, "I'm glad you had a good time.  Did you ever get 
Washu to come out?"

	"Nah, she never would answer her door.  I wonder what she's 
doing in there..." Ryoko mused aloud.

	Tenchi shuddered reflexively.  "Probably best not to ask."

	They all nodded agreement.

	Ayeka grabbed Ryoko's arm and started dragging her out of 
the room.  "Come on, we've got to finish reading my book and 
figure out what type he is."

	"_Our_ book.  And I found it first.  I wouldn't even have 
told you about it if I hadn't ran out of money."  Ryoko 
reluctantly allowed herself to be dragged along.  "I still say 
he's an alpha type..."

	Ayeka delicately refrained from snorting.  "Oh, come now, 
as manly as he is, even I don't think-" their voices faded from 
hearing.


				****************


	"Umm, Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked, blushing.  They'd already 
been home for several hours, and Mihoshi's nervousness was 
palpable.  The first thing she'd done had been take out the 
Pleasureslave and plug its little AC adapter/charger into a wall 
socket.

	Kiyone sighed.  "Yes, Mihoshi," she replied, already 
knowing what the question was.  "Just go to the other room."

	Earlier privacy issues had resulted in the installation of 
an expanding screen which divided their apartment in half.  The 
thin paper and lightweight wood barely blocked light and didn't 
stop sound at all, but it did at least provide the illusion of a 
private bedroom. 

	"Umm, I don't know if I can.  Could you, umm, take a walk 
or something?"  She squirmed visibly.  It wasn't a good enough 
illlusion, in her opinion.

	"Fine, whatever."  Kiyone carefully avoided grumbling a few 
choice words as she left.  She couldn't really begrudge her 
partner a little private time.  Sometimes even Kiyone liked a 
little time to herself.

	Figuring that Mihoshi would like at least an hour, she 
stayed gone for some time.  Walking was cheaper, so she ambled 
idly around the city, gazing wistfully at a karaoke bar from 
afar, but in the end deciding not to.  People were everywhere, 
and she blended in nicely.  Just another earthling, nothing to 
look at here...

	She was quite tired when she finally made it back to the 
apartment.  It was late, and she'd had a very long day.  There 
was work tomorrow to consider, as well.

	"Oh, that's incredibly loud," she exclaimed involuntarily 
beneath her breath upon entering the small apartment.  It was an 
easily heard sound, although hard to identify if you didn't 
already know what it was.  Kiyone's first thought was of the food 
processor she'd seen Sasami use.  Soft thumps and moans 
accompanied it, although they were much more readily filtered out 
by the walls.  That buzzing, however...

	Kiyone briefly considered going out for another walk, but a 
wave of exhaustion hit her and she reconsidered.  She decided to 
compromise.

	"Mihoshi," she said loudly, knocking on the thin door to 
the bedroom.  "Mihoshi!"

	"What."  

	Kiyone blinked.  That had been very terse and annoyed, 
especially for the blonde.  "Mihoshi, how much longer are you 
going to be?"

	"I don't know!  Go away!" Mihoshi replied petulantly.

	Kiyone frowned.  "Mihoshi, I'm tired, and we have work 
tomorrow!  Now hurry up!"

	The buzzing mercifully stopped.

	Kiyone was just about to open her mouth when the door 
opened a foot and a blanket, a pillow, and her alarm clock was 
pushed out.  The door slammed shut and a few seconds later the 
buzzing restarted.

	She sighed and grabbed her sleeping gear, then made herself 
as comfortable as possible in a chair.

	As tired as she was, it was still a little difficult to 
sleep when your best friend keeps moaning in pleasure from a few 
yards away.  Not to mention the blender-like noise.




	Washu:  In the next chapter of Needful Things, Ryoko and 
Ayeka continue to debate over Tenchi's character, with 
potentially embarrassing results.  Mihoshi enjoys her new toy, 
and Kiyone patience wears thin.  And most importantly, I finally 
make an appearance!

	Ryoko:  Just what kind of man is he anyway?

	Ayeka:  I don't know, but I intend to find out.  One way or 
another.

	Washu: So be sure and point your browser at the next 
chapter of Needful Things, Desperate Measures.

	Mihoshi: It's unspeakably frustrating.



