

	The story arc Needful Things and all its sequels belong to 
a series called The Odd Man Out.  All current parts can be found 
at http://members.tripod.com/ballisticsausage/index.html




	Needful Things chapter three: Pirate Games.

	A Tenchi Muyo TV series lemon comedy by Ragun P. Moody.  
	Email the author at kichigai@tds.net with any comments.
	All characters and situations copyright their creators, 
Hiroki Hayashi and Masaki Kajishima, and AiC and Pioneer and are 
used without permission.  This is a nonprofit work only.






	Tenchi toiled away under the hot sun, occasionally pausing 
to wipe the sweat from his brow, only to hurriedly get back to 
work at the snap of a whip.  He worked shirtless in the fields, 
his well toned (if not very large) muscles gleamed under a 
coating of scented oil rubbed in by a pair of very diligent 
women.  

	Those same two women sat in folding chairs off to one side, 
lightly fanning themselves, sipping glasses of lemonade, and 
chatting idly.  They watched him from behind dark glasses, 
hungrily, possessively, as he hoed weeds and carefully tended the 
plants.  

	Coincidently enough, those were the same two women who 
loved him, and who he loved, and just one day ago had tripped him 
up, knocked him down, and informed him in no uncertain terms just 
how it was gonna be and that he was going to like it.  The memory 
of that event still brought a haze to his vision and a quickened 
pulse.  Though a little ashamed that it had taken two girls to 
muster the courage that he had lacked, he was extraordinarily 
happy with the way things had turned out.  His body worked on 
autopilot as he mused, ever conscious of the two pairs of eyes 
following his every movement.  

	"Why Princess, I never knew you were so... adventurous," 
Ryoko replied, not voicing the word that had originally popped 
into her mind.  Old habits died hard, but they were nominally 
good friends now.  Mostly.  Any girl will arrange a date for a 
friend, but it takes a _real_ friend to hold him down later.  
Still, Ryoko was in a little bit of shock at Ayeka's blushing, 
whispered confession.  

	Ayeka giggled slightly, then nodded.  "It's just one of 
those silly things that pop into your head, it doesn't mean 
anything.  Mother was explaining to me all these things you're 
suppose to do with your husband, and I just sort of wondered if 
it was okay for the man to tie up the woman."

	"Did you ask her?" Ryoko asked, intrigued despite herself.  
They'd been talking for nearly the past hour, and the 
conversation had wandered back over to Tenchi and his performance 
(not very good, but they were looking forward to round two), 
then to other details.  Ayeka had been in an amazingly good 
mood ever since they had finally caught Tenchi, rarely rising to 
the wicked barbs Ryoko threw her way, and even then only with
good-natured jabs.  After much consideration, Ryoko finally 
concluded that the entire time Ayeka's only problem was that she 
needed to get laid.  Well, she could relate.  Ayeka hadn't been 
the only one with a tight pair of panties.

	"Oh, good heavens, no!" Ayeka quickly denied.  "It's just 
not proper!  Mother would have been horrified!"

	Ryoko chuckled.  "Miss Perfect Princess, and she has a 
naughty little secret..."

	Ayeka frowned.  "You're blowing it way out of proportion.  
It's not that big of a deal, compared to wishing Tenchi was a 
bounty hunter come to track you down and _rehabilitate_ you."

	Ryoko laughed again.  "Yes, but I'm not ashamed like you 
are.  It just makes you fun to tease!"  She lightly reached out 
and patted Ayeka's cheek.

	Oh, what a snarl.

	(Looks like she's back to her old self,) Ryoko thought 
gleefully.  "Now, now Princess, there's no need to get catty.  
Tonight will get here when it gets here."  (And,) she continued 
mentally, (that gives me a really great idea to pay you back for 
that incident on planet Kaminski.)

	Ayeka sighed, her eyes glazing over in anticipation.  "I 
just wish we could have snuck in last night..."

	"Geez, kill him why don't you.  Poor Tenchi really needed a 
rest after yesterday.  Give him time to get used to it."

	Ayeka nodded sadly, then brightened.  "But, as you say, 
there will be a tonight!"

	"Right.  We'd better not push him too hard out here."  She 
set down her glass.  "Come on, Tenchi, that's enough for today.  
You can finish the rest..." she let the sentence trail off.   
"Later."


				****************


	"Shh," Ayeka hissed, holding a finger over her lips.  "We 
don't want anyone to know we've gone in Tenchi's room."  They 
paused on the stairs, listening to the sounds of other people 
echo through the house.	 

	(You got that right, Princess...)  Ryoko agreed mentally, 
nodding acquiescence to Ayeka's shushing.  (I definitely want to 
keep _this_ a surprise.)

	Although Ayeka actually made more noise than Ryoko, they 
were both nearly soundless as they crept into his room.  His soft 
comforter enveloped Ayeka as she lay back into it while Ryoko 
closed the door.

	"Ah... you don't know how long I've waited for this, she 
said quietly, turning over to rub her face all over the smooth 
material.  

	Ryoko watched her wallow for a few seconds.  "And you, 
Ayeka, don't know how long I've waited for _this_."  Before Ayeka 
could turn, she leaped on her, pressing her face into the bed to 
muffle the sounds and pinning her arms and legs.  A few moments 
later, the huge thick blanket was wrapped around her tightly, 
leaving only her hands and feet sticking out each end.

	Ayeka waved them franticly and mumbled something about 
breathing, although it was hard to tell as muffled as she was.

	Ryoko leaned her head close and whispered as loudly as she 
dared.  "You, my dear, sweet, innocent Princess, are a captive of 
the Space Pirate Ryoko.  And no one, _no one_, has ever escaped 
my clutches."  She flipped her over again, working her bundle 
into position on the bed.  She patted the comforter comfortingly, 
then leaned in once again.  "Don't worry about breathing, this 
will only take a moment."  Withdrawing some items she had placed 
under the bed earlier by phasing in through the floor, Ryoko 
quickly got to work.


				****************


	"Come on, Tenchi, it's time for bed.  You did know we 
lowered your bedtime, didn't you?" Ryoko asked, pressing her 
nightgown clad body against his and winking at Sasami from across 
the room.  

	Sasami giggled, knowing full well what she implied.

	So, for that matter, did Tenchi, and he allowed himself to 
be led away.  His confidence boosted by praise from two beautiful 
women, and the decision-making process largely out of his hands, 
he could relax and enjoy himself, as long as he didn't think.  
One niggling question did remain, however.

	"Ryoko, where is Ayeka?" 

	"Oh, she's around, don't worry."  She slipped behind him, 
wrapping her arms around his shoulders.  "Tenchi," she cooed.  
"Guess what?"

	He tried to turn to look at her, but couldn't.  "Umm, 
what?"

	Ryoko giggled.  "I've got a surpriiiise for you..."

	Tenchi's mind raced, wondering about the _surprise_, but he 
gave it up.  Whatever was cooked up had to be stranger, anyhow.  
"I give, what is it?"

	"You'll see..."  Walking along behind him, she guided them 
to his room and reached around to open the door.  Pushing him in 
ahead of her, she slipped in and shut the door, giving a silent 
prayer that the rest of the household weren't light sleepers.

	Tenchi stared at his bed, the blanket being rather bunched 
and crumpled, with new lumps in places there weren't usually 
lumps.  A mass of dark hair was arranged artfully on his pillow, 
and Ayeka's wide eyes stared at him from just over the edge of 
the comforter.

	"Do you like it?" Ryoko asked him, unable to wait for a 
response.  "It's an authentic Juraian princess, gift wrapped just 
for you!"

	Ayeka's eyes narrowed.  "Mmmph. Mmmph mmph mmmpo."

	Ryoko rounded on her.  "The prisoner will remain silent, or 
else," she snapped.

	"Umm, Ryoko," Tenchi began hesitantly, not sure how to 
react.  "Did you tie her up without her permission?"

	Ryoko grabbed his head in both hands and kissed him firmly.  
Withdrawing her tongue, she said, "Don't you worry your handsome 
little head over things like that.  Just leave the details to 
me."  She glanced at Ayeka.  "She'll enjoy herself, _if_ she's 
good."

	"Okay," Tenchi agreed.  After that kiss, he'd have agreed 
to almost anything, up to and including marriage.

	Ryoko slid her hands under his shirt, running light 
fingertips over his smooth, clean skin, delighting in the way his 
body tensed wherever she touched.  She pulled it over his head, 
assisted in part by his own efforts.  

	Tenchi sighed in contentment, a sigh mirrored by her own as 
she hugged him close, burying her head in his shoulder and 
inhaling deeply.  He wrapped his arms around her in turn, kissing 
her softly before turning his gaze to where Ayeka was slowly 
smoldering.

	"Mmm, you smell good."  She ran her hands over his back and 
pressed harder against him.	

	"I just got out of the bath," he admitted.  Her breasts 
felt wonderful pressed into his chest, and his rapidly 
stiffening erection pressed into her in return.

	"I wish I could have been there."  She kissed him again, 
this time on the ear.

	He shuddered.  His gaze diverted from Ayeka, much to her 
annoyance.

	Pleased by his response, she kissed him again and again, 
leaving a cool trail on his flushed skin as she worked her way 
lower and lower, following the line of his collarbone to his 
chest, and down that to his stomach.  At first only bending at 
the waist, she soon knelt before him, her hands lightly gripping 
his waist.

	Tenchi stared, speechless.  He'd heard of such things, but 
he'd never thought..

	Ryoko threw back her shoulders and peeled out of the gown, 
leaving herself completely naked at his feet.

	Thoughts derailed, he simply stared.  

	Ayeka started to wiggle, upset at the lack of attention.

	Ryoko smiled up at him, innocent, friendly, just a loved 
one having fun.

	Tenchi relaxed, much of the nervous tension leaving his 
frame.

	"Good, good..." she cooed, working her fingers into the hem 
of his shorts and pulling them back, outlining his enthusiasm.  
She reversed the pull, pulling them toward her to free any 
restriction, then down in one smooth pull.

	Interested despite herself, Ayeka squirmed to see better.

	Ryoko reached out one hand and encircled his penis in one 
hand, leaving just the head sticking out.

	Tenchi flinched at her touch, the colder skin of her hand 
sending electric shivers up his spine as it contacted his much 
warmer flesh.

	Teasingly, she stroked him twice, her hand stopping at the 
base of the shaft, pressed into his pubic hair.

	He groaned softly.

	She paused to grin at him.  "You like that, huh?"  Then 
turned and smirked at Ayeka.  "You like that too, don't you?"  
Suddenly, she leaned forward and...

	And...

	Tenchi shivered in anticipation, his eyes glued to her 
face.

	And...

	His knees started shaking.

	Licked, very slightly, just flicking with her tongue, the 
underside of the swollen, flared head.

	He jerked, hard, groaning in pleasure. 

	Ryoko hastily released him, grabbing his hips to steady 
both of them.  "Easy, there, almost lost it."

	"Oh," he shuddered, "Ryoko..."

	"MMMPH!"  Ayeka complained.

	Ryoko stood and turned to her in a hipshot stance.  "Well, 
if the prisoner doesn't quit complaining, she may be punished.  
Or," she paused, eyeing Ayeka gleefully, "We could just keep this 
up _all_ night.  How 'bout it, would you like to watch?"

	Ayeka mumbled something that might have been an 'I'll get 
you for this!' or maybe a 'Please don't!' but whichever it was, 
it indicated a dissatisfaction with her current situation.

	Ryoko grinned triumphantly.  She had her right where she 
wanted her.  "Not very fun, is it?  I've been wanting to take 
_my_ Tenchi in front of you for a long, long time.  And the best 
part is, there's nothing you can do about it but watch."  She 
pressed her nude body against Tenchi's own.

	Tenchi had watched the little byplay in silence, but now 
stepped back, out of his shorts.  "Ryoko, we can't just leave her 
like that."

	She turned to him.  "I wasn't planning on it, but it's so 
_fun_ to tease...  I take it you're ready to open your present 
now?"

	Tenchi followed her as she walked over and grabbed the 
covers, pulling them off with a flourish.

	Quietly, Ryo-Ohki phased through the door looking for 
Ryoko.  She stared silently from where she sat unnoticed in a 
corner, trying to make sense of the strange things people did.

	Ayeka lay naked, bound and spread on the bed with her arms 
and legs tied to the four corners.  A rope was tied around her 
head, holding the fluffy white material stuffed in her mouth.  
Her eyes were dilated to the extreme, and she flinched her head 
back when Ryoko caressed her cheek.

	"This wasn't quite what _I_ had wanted, but I've already 
had my wish come true," Ryoko said thoughtfully, staring down at 
her bound rival.  "Well, Tenchi?  What should we do with the 
prisoner?  She's your pet now.  Will you take care of her?"

	Tenchi nodded, taking it literally.  "I'll do everything I 
can to take care of you both."

	Their eyes softened and their hearts swelled at his fervent 
pronouncement.  Then Ryoko tsked and waggled her finger at him.  

	"Well?  Go ahead!  She's spread and waiting."  Seeing his 
hesitation, she molded herself to his form and guided him, always 
touching, always yielding to his motions.

	Ryo-Ohki cocked her head sideways in puzzlement.

	Following her lead, he positioned himself between Ayeka's 
spread legs and caressed a thigh in each hand.

	Looking down between her breasts, Ayeka could see two 
bright, shining faces staring up at her, although the 
expressions were very different.

	"Kiss here," Ryoko pointed, her finger on Ayeka's knee.

	Tenchi obediently did so.

	"Lick here," she said again, pointing to a spot higher up 
on the opposite leg.

	Ayeka made a soft noise.

	Without further prompting, he continued, alternating legs 
with each kiss, slowly working his way up.

	"That's it," Ryoko nodded, "That's the way."

	Ayeka shuddered as his kisses got closer and closer to her 
sex, his hands gripping her thighs tightly as he began to 
experiment, nibbling here, licking there.

	"Now, just blow on her, right across there, get close, 
closer, let your nose touch those lips..."

	Following directions, his cool breath burned on Ayeka's 
light pink flesh, and she let out a squeal when his nose touched.

	"Stop," Ryoko said, halting him.  "Give her a kiss, but 
make it a short one."

	Actions suited words, and Tenchi got another squeal.  The 
taste was musky, not altogether pleasant, but the simple fact of 
_what_ he was kissing brought a rush of blood and made it taste 
better than ambrosia.

	Ryoko leaned forward and tickled Ayeka's belly, right along 
the sides where she was sensitive.  Tenchi started to do the 
same, but Ryoko prevented him with one hand.

	"What... Oh," he said as she leaned him back, over Ayeka's 
leg.  

	This time there was no hesitation to her movements, no 
teasing, no stopping the onrush.  She kissed his manhood, licked 
the length, tickled his thighs and stomach...

	Ryo-Ohki stared in wide-eyed amazement.

	Tenchi was in heaven, and he sounded like a one-man band as 
Ryoko played him.  Excited, heavy breaths gave way to sharp 
grunts as she cupped his testicles, cooing and kissing each one 
in turn before devouring his length so fully her nose pressed 
into his groin.  Her head bobbed repeatedly, guided by Tenchi's 
own hands curled in her hair as he approached climax.  

	His hips bucked and writhed as she continued her 
ministrations, until finally he could stand no more.  He gave a 
shout, a moan, and a sigh in the same breath as Ryoko's head 
paused, her lips no longer touching him.

	Ryoko turned and grinned at Ayeka.  "You got all that?" she 
asked smugly, moving to make sure Ayeka could see the viscous 
milky seed climbing its way out and flowing down in great sticky 
globs.  Giving Ayeka one last smile, she struck out her tongue 
and touched the tip to one stream, then drew it back in and 
smacked her lips thoughtfully.  "Not bad, you should try it."  
She had an idea.  "In fact..."

	Ayeka watched in morbid fascination as Ryoko extended her 
tongue to the utmost and licked upwards, catching most of 
Tenchi's semen still on its journey.  None could be wasted, 
apparently, as Ryoko licked around the base of the again 
expanding shaft, cleaning Tenchi thoroughly before returning to 
Ayeka.

	Her mouth closed, Ryoko crawled around to Ayeka's side, 
leaning in over her face.  Parting her lips very slightly, she 
forced a thin stream out to anoint Ayeka's forehead, then one 
quickly closed eye, then her cheek, and finally, the final touch, 
one large gob on the tip of her nose.

	Tenchi watched in extreme fascination, his erection already 
starting the climb upwards.

	Ayeka mmphed and shook her head back and forth, only to be 
rather forcefully stopped by Ryoko grabbing her face in a firm 
grip.

	Tucking the remainder to one side in her cheek, Ryoko 
whispered fiercely in Ayeka's ear.  "Knock it off, Princess.  
That's Tenchi's come, or have you forgotten?"  Seeing her relent, 
Ryoko again leaned forward and firmly licked it off Ayeka's cheek 
and forehead, her tongue digging and probing to clean Ayeka's 
eye.  She grinned, a smug I-know-something-you-don't grin at 
Ayeka's bewilderment.  The dollop on her nose having slid, Ryoko 
simply devoured the other girl's nose, sucking firmly down the 
length much like she had a few minutes before.

	The comparison was not lost on Tenchi, who reacted 
accordingly.  He shifted his position uncomfortably, unable to 
remain still.  Natural feminine pheromes were playing merry hell 
with his mind, and his IQ dropped to low double digits.  Tenchi 
was happy, Tenchi was horny, and anything good that ever happened 
to him from that moment on was pure bonus.

	Her captive's face now finished, Ryoko moved down, 
dribbling little bits of Tenchi all over Ayeka's right breast, 
encircling the nipple, then swinging back around to pick up the 
trail, leaving only moist, tweaked flesh.  

	A thin trickle of blood poured from Ryo-Ohki's nose.

	Ryoko turned and grinned at Tenchi, licking her lips.  As 
far as she was concerned, this was for Tenchi, not the princess.

	Tenchi had no complaints.  He bobbed his head, indicating 
that she should continue.

	Ayeka's eyes started rolling back in her head, showing that 
she, too was enjoying Ryoko's attentions.	

	Acutely aware that Tenchi was behind her, Ryoko wiggled her 
rear as she planted a trail of kisses up the hollow of Ayeka's 
throat.  Upon reaching her ear, she bit the earlobe, hard.  

	Ayeka mmphed in displeasure, then her eyes flew wide as 
Ryoko dribbled into her ear.  Convulsively, her hands twisted 
around the ropes that bound her, pulling and stretching with all 
her might as Ryoko's greedy tongue explored the recesses of her 
ear, seeking the elusive taste of Tenchi.

	By now that particular taste was getting a little thin, 
mixed in with Ryoko's saliva and with more and more being 
swallowed, bit by bit.  When, finally tiring of this game, Ryoko 
spit the remainder out into Ayeka's navel, there was barely 
enough to fill it and that was only with Ryoko's addition.

	Ryoko sat back on her haunches to survey the situation.  
"Are we all having fun?" she asked brightly.

	Tenchi moaned something in reply.  So, for that matter, did 
Ayeka.

	"Right.  Now, little naughty Princess, do you promise to be 
good?  If you're not good, I'll leave you tied up."

	Ayeka nodded franticly and mumbled assent.

	Ryoko cocked her head sideways.  "Are you sure?"

	Another nod.

	"Well, I don't know.  I don't trust you.  I say we leave 
her tied up.  We can have fun without her, Tenchi!"

	Ayeka shook her head furiously.

	Not trusting himself to speak, he shook his head.  Finally, 
"I-I think we should untie her.  It's not really fair."

	"Life's not fair," Ryoko replied.  "But alright.  How bout 
a compromise?"

	They both raised eyebrows at her.

	She grinned, then reached under the bed for more rope.  By 
carefully loosening one rope and pulling in the slack with the 
new one, Ryoko was able to tie Ayeka's knees together, despite 
Ayeka's efforts to resist.  It was quite a struggle to tie her 
arms the same way, but with persistence and strength, she 
succeeded.

	Now freed from the bed, she started to reach for the gag 
and sit up, but Ryoko's hand stopped her as Ryoko again leaned 
over and sucked the semen from Ayeka's belly. Only after that 
would she allow Ayeka to sit up, and then Ryoko undid the gag 
herself and pulled out a plain pair of cotton panties that had 
been stuffed into Ayeka's mouth.

	Tenchi sat at the very foot of the bed on his legs, 
absentmindedly fondling himself.

	"Gah, that was terrible!" Ayeka complained, then eeped and 
went silent at Ryoko's frown and finger wag.

	Holding her hand cupped under her mouth, Ryoko spit the 
somewhat thinning fluid into her palm.  "Now, little Princess, I 
hope you took notes when I was pleasuring Lord Tenchi here, 
because now you're going to do the _exact_ _same_ _thing_..."

	Ayeka's eyes widened, and she shook her head.  "No, please, 
no!  Don't make me do that!"

	Tenchi frowned and started to say something, but Ryoko cut 
him off.

	"The captive appears reluctant.  Well, it looks like you'll 
have to teach her a lesson, won't you?"  Ryoko smirked.
  
	"I don't know if I should.  She doesn't want to."

	"You don't know how?" Ryoko asked in mock astonishment.  
"Oh, I'm sorry, here, let me show you."

	"No, Ryoko, I won't force..." he trailed off as he caught 
Ayeka's clandestine wink at him.  "Oh.  Right."  Tenchi shut up 
before he said anything else stupid.

	Forcefully, but with careful tenderness, Ryoko tilted 
Ayeka's head up and turned her hand down over Ayeka's upturned 
mouth.  Two of her strong fingers forced Ayeka's jaw open where 
she held her by the throat, just as the first drops splattered 
into Ayeka's open mouth.  Quickly she turned her hand back over, 
stopping the flow as her other hand forced Ayeka's mouth to close 
and patting her cheek as she swallowed.  "Good girl, good girl, 
that wasn't so bad, now was it?"

	Ayeka nodded and gulped audibly, her eyes staring hungrily 
at Tenchi, then Ryoko, wanting more.

	"Go on, clean it up," Ryoko encouraged, holding her hand 
out palm forward, allowing Ayeka to lick.

	Lick she did, her delicate red tongue lapping at Ryoko's 
palm, showing every bit of the pirate's diligence in licking up 
Tenchi's seed.  Her gaze bored into Tenchi from around Ryoko's 
hand as she licked farther and farther up Ryoko's upturned 
fingers.

	Pleased, she spread her fingers to allow access to the 
inner edges, moving her hand so Ayeka concentrated on her index 
finger, then making her hunt it, drawing her mouth around and 
around in circles as Ayeka hungrily lapped for the digit, her 
tongue extended and twisting in the hunt.  Finally, Ryoko let her 
have it, sliding it deep past those waiting lips, letting Ayeka's 
tongue lash and twirl around her finger.  Then she lifted, not 
removing the finger but making Ayeka tilt her head back as far as 
it would go, exposing the tender, pale throat.

	Judging by his flush, his heavy, labored breathing, and his 
obvious... tension, Tenchi appreciated Ryoko's creativity.

	"See, Tenchi?" Ryoko said, drawing three light fingertips 
over Ayeka's vulnerable throat, sending a shiver up both Ayeka's 
and Tenchi's spine. 

	Poor Ryo-Ohki finally passed out on the floor, blood 
spewing from her nose.

	"There's really nothing to it.  She _wants_ to do it, but 
she just won't admit it.  But she will now, won't you?" Ryoko 
explained, smoothly withdrawing her finger.

	Ayeka nodded earnestly, looking at Tenchi the entire time.

	Ryoko grinned and laughed, nodding her own head along 
Ayeka's.  "Yes, I knew you would," she chuckled, not quite 
evilly.  "Get to it, then, and don't disappoint us.  You_will_ 
be punished..."

	Wordlessly, already trembling in excitement, Ayeka swung 
her bound knees around under herself, relying on Ryoko's 
assistance only slightly.  Her bound forearms provided support 
for her torso and she splayed her legs at her knees to keep 
herself from falling over as she positioned her knees under her.

	Tenchi spread his own legs and lay back, determined to 
enjoy himself.  Unfortunately, he forgot something.

	*WHUMP* 

	"Tenchi!" both of the girls exclaimed at once, staring in 
shock where Tenchi had lost his balance and fell off the foot of 
the bed.

	Springing to his feet with all the grace of an overweight 
cow, he scratched the back of his head in embarrassment, or maybe 
he just had a lump.  "Oww, I'm okay, really," he assured them, 
his cheeks bright red.

	They both tittered in amusement, momentarily forgetting the 
situation.

	This time he was a little more careful in his positioning 
as he scrambled back into bed.  "Where were we?" he asked 
breathlessly.

	"The dreaded space pirate Ryoko was just forcing the snooty 
but easily tamed princess to pleasure her lover despite her 
protestations," Ryoko replied promptly.

	They both looked at her strangely.

	"What?" 

	They exchanged a look, then turned back to her, unspoken 
questions written across their faces.

	Ryoko frowned and slapped Ayeka across her rump.  "Get to 
it, Princess!"

	Tenchi's confusion and questions about Ryoko's strange 
behavior soon disappeared as Ayeka greedily enveloped him in her 
mouth, making up for her lack of inventiveness with sheer 
enthusiasm.  

	Ryoko watched contentedly, lounging in a seductive, 
powerful pose crafted to make her feel as if she was in a private 
lair somewhere, directing things according to her whim.  As her 
(mostly) private fantasy played itself out, something deep inside 
herself was finally satisfied.  Her huge smile was of pure 
happiness, but the grin that tugged at the edges was born of her 
mischievous and playful nature.  It was time to really join in 
the fun.

	Ayeka's mouth worked Tenchi over, her tongue always moving, 
lips always tugging him closer to the edge.  It was proving more 
difficult this time, for Ryoko had already tired him out some.  
Suddenly Ayeka yelped, feeling a hand slide up the inside of her 
thigh.  "Ryoko!" she exclaimed, turning her head to see.

	"Quiet!" Ryoko snapped, pinching the flesh of the thigh 
between forefinger and thumb.

	Apprehensively, she resumed her task, slowly relaxing as 
Ryoko's hand stroked the inside of her thigh, the other caressing 
her firm, heart-shaped rear.  Her eyes closed in pleasure, no 
longer caring in the slightest that it was her old rival behind 
her.  She could always pretend Tenchi had really long arms.

	With casual curiosity Ryoko traced the cleft of her cheeks 
with one finger, her touch firm from Ayeka's spine back, fading 
into feather-light tickles over Ayeka's tender anus, and probing, 
repeating strokes across her moist, cool labia.  Ayeka's gasps 
guided her, as did Tenchi's delighted moans. 

	"Huungh!" Ayeka groaned, barely resisting her impulse to 
clench her jaws shut.  Instead she screwed her eyes tight, trying 
to both ignore and concentrate on the goings on at her nether 
regions.

	Ryoko had two fingers buried in Ayeka's cleft, and was 
tempted to add a third, sliding the tip to where it just touched, 
and then drawing back.  Finally, she went for broke, gingerly 
inserting her left index finger into the warm, moist cavity.

	Ayeka moaned softly and rocked back against Ryoko's hand, 
who pressed it in ever harder.

	Tenchi sat up and watched this in annoyance, frustration 
and torment warring across his features.  He cursed mentally, 
wished she'd at least finished him first!

	Ayeka rode a wave of pleasure, pushing backwards against 
Ryoko's wandering fingers.  She wanted, no, she needed release 
after having been tied up so long.  The lust for freedom ached 
within her, and she belonged completely to whoever would provide 
it.  (A contradiction that she was too far gone to appreciate.)

	Watching Ayeka's wonderful mouth steadily get farther and 
farther away, Tenchi scooted closer, abandoning grace for simply 
getting there.  Dammit, he couldn't stand this much longer!

	Ryoko used both hands, alternating fingers and pressure, 
drawing on her own knowledge of what she herself liked to do.  
One hand emerged, sticky, slick fluid coating her fingers.  That 
same hand wandered idly north, back to one of the places she had 
skipped over on the previous journey.  One slick finger probed at 
Ayeka's hole, pressing hard and firm at the entrance.

	"Whoa!  Whoa!" Ayeka protested.  "Oh, no, I don't think 
so!"  Where she had been pressing backwards she now leaned 
forwards, trying to get away from the deviant pirate.  The ropes 
on her arms and legs prevented a crawl, and Ayeka ran into 
Tenchi's hard stomach as he tried to entice her into finishing 
what she'd started.

	Ryoko was having none of it.  She walked forward on her 
knees, forcing Ayeka farther down on the bed, till the point 
where she was just barely able to keep herself from laying prone.  
"I don't remember asking you.  You're _my_ prisoner, remember?"

	"Ryoko, don't...  Ngyyh!" she gagged, although Tenchi was 
still several inches from his goal.  Her entire body convulsed as 
Ryoko pressed in, the intruding digit pressed just inside the 
tight, guarding ring of muscle.

	The tip of one tongue protruded from the corner of her 
mouth as Ryoko concentrated, one hand pumping and twisting, the 
thumb teasing Ayeka's clitoris, and the other hand splayed 
lightly across one muscular cheek, just the very tip placed 
inside Ayeka.

	"Girls, come on!" Tenchi finally growled in frustration, 
not at all happy about being forgotten.  Ayeka's face remained 
squinched, her eyes shut and her jaw clenched on her tongue.  
"That's it..."  Sometimes a man had to do what a man had to do.
 
	Ryoko stroked Ayeka's mound, filling her with three fingers 
as once.  She also alternated gentle pushes and pulls with her 
other hand, the already lubricated finger gradually meeting less 
and less resistance as Ayeka became used to the sensations.

	Tenchi, meanwhile, had finally taken matters into his own 
hands.  He carefully eased back out from under the princess's 
head and onto the cold floor, walking around to the side of the 
bed where Ryoko was kneeling.

	Despite being rather engrossed in her task, Ryoko wasn't so 
far gone as to not notice his coming.  Her hands slipped back 
out, eliciting a gasp from Ayeka, and pulled on Ayeka's hips, 
bringing her back so only her rump stuck into the air.  Before 
Tenchi could get back on the bed, she'd moved aside, gesturing at 
the waiting, shivering woman with no small amount of pride.  
"Ready when you are, Lord Tenchi.  She's primed and ready.  Make 
'er howl."

	"Ohhh thank you," Tenchi said in quiet desperation, from 
the bottom of his heart and possibly lower.  He kneeled on the 
bed and positioned himself behind Ayeka.

	"Anything for you," Ryoko replied sincerely, a little 
queasiness in her stomach from the way he said it.  (And that's 
how you know it was worth it,) she thought.

	No finesse, no hesitation, and only a brief fumble as he 
tried to position his stiff member, Tenchi plunged in with all 
his might.

	Ayeka bit her lip, almost drawing blood as she felt the 
touch of the two hands belonging to the man she loved, a touch 
she'd never forget and always desire.  She cried out the moment 
his engorged shaft penetrated her and clasped her bound hands 
beneath her chin, pressing her face into the sheets.

	Ryoko was once again left on the sidelines, but not as a 
spectator.  No, she was the director of this scene, and she loved 
it.

	Grunts and moans filled the air, Ayeka's shrill 
exclamations punctuating Tenchi's rhythmic grunts of effort.  He 
held nothing back, becoming a driving, unstoppable force 
concerned only with going deeper and deeper.  His entire body 
quaked, a violent shudder that swayed Ayeka from side to side as 
he withdrew for another pounding.  None too experienced to begin 
with, Tenchi's stamina was severely lacking, and he'd already 
been brought dangerously close to climax, only to be repeatedly 
denied as his partners kept forgetting about him.  Well, he'd 
show them!  He'd do it, he'd do it, he'd do it right!  That one 
thought became a mantra, holding him in a steady, Zen-like 
trance, as close to nirvana as he'd ever achieve.

	If Tenchi had jumped on her when they first started, Ayeka  
would have outlasted him.  But as Ryoko had planned, 
Ayeka too had been brought extremely close to climax, and had 
been turned on considerably longer than Tenchi had.  Ropes, being 
caught, being forced to do unspeakable things...  

	Her body convulsed, a great walloping tidal wave of... 
something, something that mad her heart sing, her insides quake, 
her mouth scream...

	"Come on! Come on!  Now! Now! Now!" Tenchi yelled.  Stars, 
hearts, and red balloons swam before his eyes, a kaleidoscope of 
color and sensation that kept building and building and building.

	Ayeka wailed dejectedly, screaming and barking, the release 
there but driving her mad.

	That was it.  Tenchi's mind was gone, his senses insensate, 
his body on autopilot as he thrust three final times, sliding 
Ayeka across the sheet with the force as his climax hit...  And 
left him panting and wheezing, collapsed upon Ayeka's bare back.  
His muscles felt like jelly, and his bones no longer supported 
his weight.  Absently, one part of his mind wondered if he'd have 
a heart attack, such was the volume of the blood pounding in his 
ears.

	Ryoko crawled to his side and flipped him over, staring 
down into his face as comprehension was restored to his eyes.  

	"Thank you," he murmured, exhaustion claiming him.  Her 
soft kiss was the last thing he felt as he slipped into deep 
slumber.


				****************


	Singing.

	Ryoko grunted and turned over, pawing her hands in the air, 
as if to bat away the annoying sound.

	A wordless sound of joy, flitting about the room in pure 
happiness.
	
	Arms cradled her head, and a pair of lips pressed firmly 
into her own.  Ryoko smiled happily and kissed back, awareness 
slowly piercing the veil of sleep that owned her.

	A creak, and then sounds of another smooch, loud and long.

	Ryoko stirred slightly, cuddling closer to Tenchi.

	A voice, chirpy, happy, female.  "Good morning!"

	Ryoko grumbled, clutching at the covers.

	A scent, warm and rich, tickling the nose and stimulating 
the tastebuds.	

	That did it.  Ryoko's eyes snapped open almost audibly, 
and, suddenly ravenous, she moved with the now stirring Tenchi to 
sit up in bed and look around.

	Bright eyed and bushy tail...  Well, it was certainly 
bright, the pale skin gleaming in the morning sunlight, but bushy 
didn't really apply.  Smooth, yes, firm, the particular tail in 
question was only about a foot from Ryoko's bleary eyes, but 
moving rapidly.

	"Gah, what a thing to wake up to first thing in the 
morning," Ryoko complained, then yawned.

	"What was that?" Ayeka asked innocently, standing up with 
the tray she'd been retrieving off the floor.  The scent of 
breakfast was suddenly tripled, setting Ryoko's mouth to 
watering.  The well laden tray drew inexorably nearer.

	"Food..." breathed Tenchi from her side, his stomach 
rumbling in punctuation.

	Her own growled back.

	They both sat up carefully as Ayeka placed the deep tray on 
the bed, careful not to let any of the miso soup spill.

	As hungry as they were, first things were still first.

	"Umm, did you cook this?"

	Momentarily hurt, Ayeka laughed it off.  "Of course not, 
silly.  I asked Sasami to earlier, and then I decided to serve it 
to you in bed."

	Ryoko shrugged and dug in, but as hungry as he was, Tenchi 
still had one question.  

	"In _that_?"  

	_Then_ he dug in.  He didn't need an empty mouth to be able 
to hear.

	"Yep!" she replied, nodding, then turned and ran/slid 
across the room to start picking up the mess.  

	_That_ was not much.  Ayeka jiggled freely, erect nipples 
easily visible in the morning chill, especially since she had 
nothing on over them.  A pair of Tenchi's socks protected her 
feet from the cold floor, the loose toes flapping only slightly 
as she slid across the smooth wood to pick up the unconscious 
cabbit and wipe up the dried blood with a tissue.  Which brought 
two pairs of eyes to Ayeka's fashion statement as she bent over, 
the pair of white cotton panties from the night before, pulled up 
in the front, but the rear had been bunched and tucked under the 
curve of her lovely buttocks.

	She turned back to them, clutching the warm, fuzzy cabbit 
to her bare breasts.  "It made me feel...  Deliciously naughty.  
And speaking of naughty, for the kidnapping and subsequent 
ravishing of a Princess of Jurai, the space pirate Ryoko is now 
on the most wanted list.  We will be tracking you down and 
punishing you shortly."  She paused and inspected Tenchi with 
wide, bright eyes.  "Or at least sometime after Tenchi-sama is 
sufficiently rested."

	"Dear Kamisama," Ryoko mumbled under her breath.  "I should 
have _never_ untied her last night."

	Tenchi shoveled in more food and nodded.

	
				****************


	Later that morning they were interrupted by someone beating 
on the front door with some urgency.

	*WHAM WHAM WHAM*

	"Don't worry, Sasami!" Tenchi called.  "I'll get it!"

	Ryoko and Ayeka, both now wearing decent clothes, followed 
him closely, curious as to who would be so rudely banging on 
their door this early in the morning.

	They all rushed to the door, the girls fanning out behind 
him as Tenchi opened it.

	On the other side slouched a ragged, haggard Kiyone.  Her 
hair was a mess, her clothes probably hadn't been changed in a 
while, and they could smell the stench of old sweat.  Three 
scabbed scratches crossed her cheek, and there were bruises 
visible up and down her arms.  They stared in shock, noting the 
dark circles under her eyes.  She was obviously extremely tired.

	She fell to her knees, whether in supplication or from 
simple exhaustion was hard to say, and grabbed for Tenchi's 
shirt, balling it in each hand.  "Oh, please, oh, please, you've 
got to help me!"

	"Easy, easy!" Tenchi said soothingly, grabbing her hands in 
his.  "Calm down, please, just tell us what's wrong!"

	Looking fearfully behind her, as if afraid someone or 
something would burst into view after her, she gulped and tried 
to control her babbling.  "It's Mihoshi, she's gone crazy!  
You've got to stop her!"

	"Mihoshi?  How?  Why?"

	"It's that damned vibrator, I finally couldn't take it any 
more, and I snapped!  I threw...  I threw the damned dildo out 
the window!" she wailed.

	"D-dildo?" Tenchi stammered, confused and embarrassed.

	"It was her favorite, she loved it.  She was always using 
it, it was driving me crazy.  That buzzing, that infernal 
buzzing!  I couldn't help it, I snapped!  _She_ snapped!  Now 
I've got to find it, replace it, something, _anything_..."  She 
glanced around furtively, as if hoping that a traveling dildo 
salesman would suddenly walk into view.  

	Unfortunately for her, Mrs. Ikeuchi already had an 
appointment elsewhere.  

	"Well why didn't you just walk outside and get it?  Give it 
back, she'll calm down," Ryoko said reasonably.  Ayeka nodded 
agreement.

	"You don't understand, I _threw_ it out the window, and 
there was this train passing by...  I looked, I really looked," 
she said earnestly, rubbing her bruised arms unconsciously, "but 
I couldn't find it.  Maybe it's in the train, maybe someone 
picked it up, I don't know!  Now Mihoshi's on a rampage, we've 
both been fired, and I don't know what to _do_!" she cried.

	Tenchi helped her stand and guided her back into the living 
room, letting the others close the door.  "Don't worry," he 
soothed, putting an arm around her comfortingly.  "We'll help you 
find it and calm Mihoshi down.  Won't we?" he asked, looking back 
at the girls.

	The nodded solemnly.  Yes, they were willing to help.


			OMAKE  OMAKE  OMAKE  OMAKE


	The Masks We Must Wear.

	With apologies to Bob Barnes.
	

	Ryoko chuckled evilly to herself as she climbed the stairs 
to Tenchi's bedroom.  She was really starting to like this 
arrangement, because when one tired out, the other was ready to 
go.

	The last she had saw that day, the two had snuck off to his 
bedroom with the promise of preparing a surprise for her.  

	Ryoko _liked_ surprises.

	Carefully, she eased up to the door and rapped on it twice, 
sharply.

	The door was immediately jerked open and strong hands 
pulled her into the dark.

	Ryoko barely had time to squeak in dismay as she was 
dragged in, but had plenty of time for slower noises as those 
same hands started wandering naughtily all over her body.  She 
moaned as the strong, slender hands massaged and teased her 
breasts, forcefully backing her up to the wall beside the door.

	Ryoko sensed rather than saw the figure drop to its knees 
and tug at her clothing.  Her own hands helped the silent figure 
unwrap the obi, and their fingers intertwined as they dove 
beneath the band of Ryoko's panties.

	Soon Ryoko was rocking in ecstacy, the forceful probings of 
her partner and the wall behind her the only things holding her 
upright.  Her knees were jelly under this person's careful 
ministrations, and she sagged under her own weight, sliding down 
the wall and incidently flipping the light switch that had been 
digging into her back.  The room was suddenly flooded with light, 
and Ryoko blinked down at the face of her dark lover.

	Richard Nixon's pasty white face stared blankly back.

	"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!" screamed Ryoko, walls no 
obtacle in her newfound desire to be _away_.

	One hand came up and raised the mask, revealing Ayeka's 
stunned face as she examined the little pile of clothes Ryoko had 
inadvertantly left behind when she went insubstantial.  "Ryoko?  
Tenchi, what's gotten into her?"

	Tenchi, tied up and gagged on the bed, of course said 
nothing.  His eyes had also been shut tight since the first 
moment he saw the mask.

	"Oh, well," Ayeka sighed in resignation.  "I'd best go get 
her."  She ran out after the pirate.


	Downstairs, Nobuyuki and Katsuhito were enjoying a quiet 
game of afterdinner chess in the living room.  Nobuyuki was just 
about to say 'check' when-

	"AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!" screamed Ryoko as she ran through 
naked.

	"Ryoko!  Come back!  I thought we were supposed to be 
exploring our sensuality together, dammit!" called Richard Nixon 
as he ran through a second later.

	"..." said Katsuhito.
	
	"..." said Nobuyuki.

	"...was it just me, or did Richard Nixon just run through 
here wanting to explore his sexuality with Ryoko?"

	"Yeah..."

	Katsuhito frowned.  "I was hoping it was just me."

	Nobuyuki tapped his chin thoughtfully.  "Looked a little 
like Ayeka, too."  Abruptly, he snapped his fingers.  "I get it!  
Ayeka found my old Nixon mask!  I havn't used that thing in 
_years_!"  He chuckled in relief.  "Ayeka makes Richard Nixon 
look _good_."

	Katsuhito turned and politely retched.  Some things you 
didn't want to know about your son-in-law.  Or your daughter.

	Or even your grandson's girlfriends.


	
	Tenchi: That's it?  Surely not!

	Ragun: Of course it's not, and don't call me Shirley.  This 
is not the end.  It is not even the beginning of the end.  It is, 
however, the end of the beginning.  

	Ryoko&Ayeka: Does this mean we get to have sex with Tenchi 
even more?

	Ragun: Heh.  No.  Enjoy it while you can girls, cause next 
time, Katsuhito lays down the rules, and it's no more sex until 
marriage, or at least until the arrangements are finalized with 
Ayeka's parents.  But before anyone can even leave Earth to meet 
with them, Tenchi has to finish school and get out on spring 
vacation.  And as we all know, several weeks simply cannot go by 
at the Masaki household without at least a few things happening.  
Be sure and stick with us for the next part of The Odd Man Out, 
Aurora of Rainbow Fire.

	Sasami: It's just filler episodes.




