Disclaimer: I Have used Tenchi Muyo In very selfish ways but it doesn't 
belong 
to me, it is property of Pioneer and AIC(god bless em')

	              
		
New Journey 
Part 1: Fatal Love 
By RDanime	         	         

"Ahhhhhh!" Tenchi sighed as he looked at the sun rise from his window, 
just 
moments from now he knew Ryoko would be barging into his room, and he just 
shuddered at the thought of what she would try to do to him, Tenchi Knew 
Ryoko 
loved him very much, but she could somtimes overdo it a bit, okay so she 
overdoes does it alot. But Tenchi Knew it was just because she cared about 
him. 

"Well I guess i should tend to my garden. Today's the first day of fall and 
that means harvesting the big stuff, I wish some else here to help me, but Dad 
and Grandpa are busy and none of the girls will be able to help, I doubt I 
can 
count on Ryoko to do manual labor," just then there was a crash in Tenchi's 
room, Tenchi turned around, he didn't see anybody,then he saw his closet door 
close. 

"Oh, man!" Tenchi thought to himself, "Please don't let be who I think 
it is, 
anbody but her!" Tenchi walked slowly toward his closet door and slowly 
opened it, his heart beating fast. Then he closed his eyes and opened the 
door 
all the way. His heart stopped, but nothing happend, so he opened his eyes, 
he 
was releived to see that it was just Rio-Ohki who crashed in his closet. 

"Hey Rio-Ohki! Shouldn't you be in Ryoko's room?" said Tenchi.

"Miyaaaa" said Rio-Ohki as she got back on her paws and scurried away.

"Man, that was close, thank God it was only Rio-Ohki!" spoke Tenchi.

But then a voice cried out behind him, it said, "Tenchiiiii!!!" Tenchi 
felt 
something pull him back onto his bed, Tenchi Go caught in the bed sheets, and 
then when he finaly got loose, he saw how he had gotten into this position. 
Ryoko was right in front of him, on all fours, naked, crawling toward him, 
like a cat ready to pounce with her yellow eyes and her tail.

"Ryoko! Get out of my room!" cried Tenchi. 

"Don't worry my dear Tenchi, this should take any longer than, five 
minutes!" 
said Ryoko as she spoke in soft lustfull voice. Tenchi hoped Ayeka was around 
so she could stop Ryoko before she did anymore harm to him, but so far no 
luck. Ryoko went straight for Tenchi's pants because he didn't have a shirt 
on. Ryoko had Tenchi pinned down in a position not even he could get out of. 
Tenchi had just one chance, he couldn't summon the Lighthawk Wings right now 
so he grabbed hi Jurai battle ring, and transformed into his Jurai Battle 
outfit. He had so many clothes on, Ryoko had no chance of taking any of them 
off. Ryoko saw that there was no way she could have Tenchi now, so she just 
dissapeared, Tenchi sighed, but then he looked over to the doorway and he saw 
Nobuyuki, his dad, with the camcorder.

"Dad! I want you to stop that! Why do you always have to videotape me 
with 
Ryoko." yelled Tenchi.
 	
"Uhh, it's a secret" said Nobuyuki as he rran back to his room with the 
camcorder close to him. Whatever Nobuyuki wanted to do with those videos, 
Tenchi thought he was better off not knowing. Tenchi got dressed in huis 
normal clothes and went off to tend to his garden. 
	                                               	
		*   *   *	 
   
After passing through the Mars customs sector, a ship paused right 
above the 
Earth. On the ship was a dark figure with long white hair, he stood next to a 
holographic model of the earth.
	
"Soon Tenchi Masaki, you won't be able to stop me, not again, even with 
the 
Lighthawk Wiings, I've something else in store for you, project Rio-X!"
		End of part 1>>>   

