Disclaimer: I Have used Tenchi Muyo In very selfish ways 
but it doesn't belong 
to me, it is property of Pioneer and AIC(god bless em')

	              
		
New Journey 
Part 2: Rio-X	         
By RDanime	        

In Washu's lab Washu saw on her radar that a ship was inside the Earth's 
atmosphere, it was especialy weird because it was a Jurai ship.
	
"A Jurai Royal ship? Who could that be? It doesn't look like Ayeka's parents, 
who is it?" said Washu. But just then dhe saw odd movement in the matter 
tank, 
it was joining together. Washu checked her computer to see what was going on, 
but only one word was blinking on the screen, Rio-x.
	
"Rio-x? It can't be, I destroyed that project years ago!" said Washu, but 
then 
the matter fully formed together, it formed the body of a man, a tall man, 
who 
looked like Ryoko, tail and all, only one differece, his hair was different, 
he had all of his hair down the sides of his head. Washu realized one thing.
	
"Kagato, you bastard!" she said. The being then opened his eyes, he had 
glowing red eyes. He walked right through the glass, Washu jumped in front of 
him.
	
"Stop right there! I don't how you were created and how it got past me, but 
you're not going anywhere!" Washu yelled, then she pointed at the being and 
sent five blasts at it, it no affect on him, he was sheilded, then he wrapped 
his tail around her neck and strangled her untill she blacked out. Then the 
being dissapeared.
		
		*  *  *	

Tenchi was tending to his garden when he saw Ayeka walking toward him, 
she 
was smiling her usual smile, Tenchi always enjoyed having Ayeka around, it 
brought pleasure for whatever pain Ryoko put him through. Ayeka walked toward 
Tenchi.
	
"Good morning Lord Tenchi." Ayeka said cheerfully.
	
"Good morning Ayeka, how are you today?" asked Tenchi.
	
"I'm fine, uh, Tenchi, I need to talk to you about something." said 
Ayeka.
	
"Yeah sure, what's up?" Tenchi said to Ayeka as he got off of his 
knees.
	
"Well as you know, everybody has a birthday, even princesses..." Ayeka 
said.
	
"Of course." Tenchi said.
	
"Well, Sasami's birthday is in a few weeks, and well, I was wondering 
if you 
were to get her a certain outfit, it's an outfit that a certain teenaged 
singer in America wears, here is a picture." said Ayeka as she hande Tenchi a 
picture of Britney Spears. Tenchi took a good long look at the picture.
	
"Hey Ayeka, can I keep this picture?" asked Tenchi.
	
"No." replied Ayeka with a smile.
	
"Oh well, sure I'll get her the outfit." said Tenchi.
	
"Oh thank you Tenchi!" Ayeka cried as she gave him a great big long 
hug. Then 
Ayeka went up to the shrine, Tenchi then went back to the house, he saw 
Sasami 
cooking breakfast.
	
"Good morning Sasami!" Tenchi said.
	
"Good morning Tenchi!" Sasami replied smiling with her cute freckled 
face. 
Tenchi also liked having Sasami around, she's  sweet, and always happy, she's
just like her sister Ayeka, just not as paranoid. Plus Sasami is the only one 
who can cook, if it weren't for her, they'd all probably starve.
	
"Tenchi, I almost have breakast ready, could you go get Washu for me?" 
asked 
Sasami.
	
"Sure Sasami." replied Tenchi. Tenchi went off into Washu's lab. 
	
"Washu! Sasami has breakfast ready, Washu?" yelled Tenchi as he was 
walking through Washu's gigantic lab. But then he saw her lying on the 
ground, 
unconcious.
	
"Washu!" Tenchi cried as he ran to Washu's aid. Tenchi pick up Washu 
and layed 
her on a table. Then Tenchi poured a little water on her face. Then Washu 
opened her eyes, then she slowly sat up and groaned. Then she turned to look 
at Tenchi.
	
"Are you okay Washu?" Tenchi asked.
	
"I'm fine, just a little shaken up." replied Washu.
	
"What happened?" asked Tenchi.
	
"The matter formed together to create being exactly like Ryoko." Washu 
said.
	
"A being exactly like Ryoko?!" cried Tenchi.
	
"Not so loud Tenchi, I'm weak but I'm not Deaf!" said Washu as she was 
scratching her head.
	
"The thing is that the being was made the same way that I created 
Ryoko, the 
exact same way." said Washu.
	
Then Tenchi got a confused look on his face and asked, "What are you 
saying?" 
	
But just then the matter started to reform again, and it created the 
same 
being, except there was a difference about him, his eyes, they weren't 
glowing red like the being before him, they were just yellow and cat-like, 
just like Ryoko's. Then, the being walked through the glass, he looked around 
and started gasping, then he fell down on all fours, gasping harder, he 
couldn't breathe, then he started screaming and yelling, untill he passed out.
	
After the being passed out, only one thought went through Tenchi's 
mind, "What 
the hell?"
		End of part 2>>>
	


  	
