Disclamer: I don't own any of the Tenchi characters in
this story and I'm not making any money either, so
please don't sue me!

TITLE: New Beginnings Part 1: Troubled Hearts
Author: Ryoko
E-mail: anime_fanjapan@yahoo.com
My URL: http://www.geocities.com/anime_fanjapan/
Comments: This is my first fanfic ever. It'll probably
have a few parts too. Please e-mail me and let me know
what you think so that I'll know if I should keep
writting! Arigato! ^-^
Text: "dialect" <thoughts>


        It was one of those days where everything was great,
for Tenchi anyway. Sasami was cooking another
masterpiece, Kiyone and Mihoshi had just been assigned
a new mission and wouldn't be back for a couple of
days, Ryo-ohki was running around outside, Washu was
working on some new experiment down in her lab, his
dad would be working late, his grandfather was
cleaning the shrine, Ayeka wasn't fighting for once,
and Ryoko was off doing who knows what. As long as it
wasn't getting him into trouble, he was happy. Now
that he thought about it though, Ryoko hadn't been
herself recently. She'd been acting quiet and to
herself. She'd even backed out of a fight with Ayeka
yesterday! Tenchi looked out his window and sighed.
The sun was shining ever so brightly and a cool breeze
could be felt from the north. He got up and made his
way dowstairs. Instantly the smell of Sasami's cooking
hit him like a ton of bricks.
Tenchi poked his head into the kitchen. "Wow Sasami,
that smells really good! Can I have some?"
She twirled her spatula in the air as she spoke. "No
silly, this is for lunch, you've already had breakfast
twice today."
Tenchi sweatdropped. "Well yeah but.."
"No buts Tenchi, you're gonna turn into Ryoko eating
like that." Sasami smiled and pushed him out of the
kitchen before he could say another word.

"Good day Lord Tenchi." Ayeka said as she saw him
walking out of the kitchen. "How are you on this fine
day?"

"Oh hello Miss Ayeka. I'm doing well, thanks."

"That's good to hear Lord Tenchi. Oh, I have a message
for you from Washu."

"Yes, what is it Ayeka?"

"Well she said that she needed you to go down to her
lab and see her, she needed to talk to you about
something or other. Can't seem to remember..."

"Well, I just hope she isn't planning on doing any
more experiments on me. I've had enough attempts this
week to last me a year!"

Ayeka giggled. "Of course Lord Tenchi. Would you like
me to acompany you?"

Tenchi pictured Ayeka and Washu fighting over him and
decided that it wouldn't be a good idea. "No, that's
alright Miss Ayeka, I'll be fine."

        Two minutes later Tenchi was in Washu's lab looking
at odd contraptions and trying to figure out what they
were. "Uh, little Washu, what did you wish to speak to
me about?" He looked at her hoping she wouldn't attack
him with a probe.
        "Now, now Tenchi. Don't worry, I haven't brought you
down here to try and conduct another experiment on
you, although I did have something in mind..."
Tenchi's eyes went wide and he was about to dash out
of there when Washu grabed his arm and sat him down in
a chair. "It's about Ryoko, Tenchi. She hasn't been
herself lately. One of my cameras caught her sneaking
out of the house last night as she headed towards the
fields. I think she's up to something but I can't be
sure what, so I want you to keep an eye on her and
make sure she isn't getting into trouble."

Tenchi sat up in his chair. "Do you not have any idea
of what's going on?"

"I'm sorry Tenchi, but I don't know. All I can say is
that my sensors have been picking up a new small but
constant stream of life energy from somewhere near by.
And that happened after a shift in the temporal
stream, which means there could be something or
someone that traveled here from another time."

"Do you think Ryoko knows about it?"

"Well she is the daughter of the greatest scientist in
the universe you know!" Washu grinned. "For all I
know, she took part in it!"

"Washu I'm being serious! Do you think it could be
Kagato? Maybe he somehow made it here from the past
and is out to destroy us!"

"I doubt it Tenchi. The energy just isn't of that
type. In a way it doesn't even seem to be human."

"Then what is it!?"

"I don't know, but I need you to find out. Be careful
Tenchi, we don't know if it's from the past or the
future, so I don't know what you can expect."

Tenchi nodded. "Right Washu."

"And Tenchi.."

"Yes?" Tenchi turned and looked at her.

"Make sure my baby doesn't get hurt, please?"

"Sure thing Washu." He got up and walked out of
Washu's lab, leaving her to her work, but he couldn't
stop thinking about Ryoko and how she'd-"Oww!" Tenchi
fell to the floor after something ran straight into
him.
        "Tenchi? I'm sorry, I should've been watching where I
was going."

He looked up rubbing his head. "Ryoko?"

She helped him up slowly. "Yes Tenchi?"

He smiled softly and hugged her. "It's good to see
you.."

She was slightly surprised, and pulled away from his
embrace. "Yes Tenchi...it's good to see you too, but I
have to go now."

She began to turn but Tenchi stopped her. "Ryoko,
where have you been lately? You're not around the
house anymore except when you sleep or eat, and
sometimes not even that much."

"Sorry Tenchi, I have things to do and I'm not going
to spend my time in a place where I'm not wanted. Now
let go of my hand."

"No Ryoko, I'm not gonna let you go until you give me
some answers!"

"Tenchi, let go."

"NO! What's so important now that you abandon your
family and leave us in the dark!?"

Ryoko turned towards him, tears swelling up in her
eyes as she yelled, "I don't have a family Tenchi!
I've never had a family in my entire life!"

Tenchi pulled her closer to him and hugged her. "You
have me Ryoko, you have all of us. We're your-"

Ryoko pushed him away, but Tenchi held onto her hand.
"No! I have no one! Let me go Tenchi! I can't stay
here!"

"Ryoko please!"

Ryoko slapped him across the face, hard. "No, stop it!
You can't control me anymore Tenchi! I won't let you!"


        Tenchi was stunned, he let go of her hand and watched
her float up the stairs and into her room, slamming
the door on the way in. He was about to follow after
her, but Sasami and Ayeka had heard all the noise and
had rushed to see what was happening.

Ayeka looked like she had a heart attack. "Lord
Tenchi! What's happened? We heard all the yelling and
we worried about you."
Sasami came running in behind her sister with her
apron in hand. "Are you ok Tenchi?"
Tenchi's hand found the spot where Ryoko had hit him,
it stung badly. "Yes Sasami, I'm alright."

"Sasami, run into the kitchen and get Tenchi some
ice." Ayeka reached to touch Tenchi's cheek, which was
very red, a certain person's handprint clearly on it.

Tenchi took her hand and gently pushed it away. "Don't
worry, It'll be fine."

Sasami came back with the ice and Tenchi took it
gratefully. "I think I'll go lie down for a while.
Please excuse me."
Ayeka and Sasami looked at each other and then back at
him. "Sure Tenchi."
Sasami took his arm and led him to the stairs. "Now
Tenchi, if you need anything just call and my sister
or I will be right up to help you."

Tenchi smiled. "Thanks, both of you."

Sasami giggled. "Sure thing Tenchi! Now go lie down."
She pushed him towards the stairs. "Have a nice nap!"
With that she grabbed Ayeka and headed back to the
kitchen. "Now you can help me cook Ayeka!"
Ayeka rolled her eyes and sighed. "Oh well, I guess I
won't be able to see that new novel today."
Sasami's eyes widened. "Oh does that start today!?"
"Yup, it's supposed to be something else."

        Their voices soon faded away as Tenchi began up the
stairs. He stopped in front of Ryoko's room and stared
at the the door. He could still feel the sting of her
hand across his face, and the pain only grew worse.
She hadn't been playing when she hit him. "Ryoko..."
Why was she acting this way? What had he done wrong.
It felt like it was all his fault. What did she mean
by a place where she's not wanted? Sure, the girls
sometimes made her jealous and Ayeka fought with her
every now and then, but they all cared about her very
much, at least he... He stopped himself and looked
down at the floor. She'd always said that she loved
him, but she was just kiding, wasn't she? How she'd
try to seduce him day after day...he'd wake up in the
mornings, and she'd be there at his side..the way
she'd look at him during dinner while seductively
playing with her chopsticks...the way she whispered in
his ear...even the times that she'd sneak into the
men's onsen while he took a bath. And what did she
mean when she said that she wouldn't let him control
her anymore? He hadn't forced her to do all those
things, but he had always ignored her, pushed her off
and told her to get lost. And now that she wasn't
being herself, it actually hurt. The truth was that he
missed it, he missed her. There was something about
her that was different, and he had to find out what.
<Tenchi, you're so stupid, you know that? You never
even let her know you cared. You deserve to be hated
for the rest of your life.>
        He looked back up at the door and decided to go in.
It took every nerve in his body to open that door, not
knowing how she'd react to his intrusion. He peered in
quietly, and what he saw left him in awe. Her slender
body lay on the bed motionless, except for the steady
rise and fall of her chest as she breathed. She looked
so peaceful as she slept, like an angel that had
fallen from heaven. He made his way to the side of the
bed and sat down in a chair from the nearby dresser.
He looked down at her hand and gently took it in his.
"Ryoko, I don't know what's making you feel and act
this way, and I know that I haven't been the best to
you all this time. I just want you to know that I'm
here. I'll always be here for you..."
        A couple of hours later the sun had set and Ryoko
started to wake slowly. She felt something and opened
her eyes expecting to see Ryo-ohki, but instead she
found a sleeping Tenchi holding onto her hand. She
looked down at him. He looked like a child again. A
child without a care in the world.
        She smiled softly at him as she removed his hand from
hers. "My Tenchi, you never were my Tenchi were you?"
She looked out the window and saw the reflection of
the moon on the lake's surface, calm and sweet,
everything Tenchi would never find her to be. She
looked down and traced the pattern of her handprint on
his cheek, realizing that she had hurt him in more
ways than one. She then leaned down and placed a soft
kiss on his forehead. "See you around Tenchi...I'm
sorry." She picked him up and laid him gently on her
bed. With that, she teleported out of the room,
leaving him to figure things out on his own.

~~@.@ Shifts in the temporal stream, strange new
energy, and Ryoko actually slapped Tenchi! What has
the world come to?
E-mail me and let me know what you think:
anime_fanjapan@yahoo.com
