
Yo, this is the sequel to my first story, New Men in the House (for which I'm
sorry for the couple of typos).  If you haven't read the first one you won't
under stand a thing, so please read it first.  Also as with my stories
there's a storyboard too so just read it and the juicy stuff will be a
little later.

        New Men in the House, Part 2: Aeka Has Been Kidnapped!

    It had been about a month since Aeka and myself had been a secret
couple.
 The only people who knew about us were Glen and Kyone.  We had a great time
almost every night Aeka came in and laid down with me and we would often
have
some great sex!

    I had just woken up from a night of great sex with Aeka when I noticed
she wasn't there.  Instead there was a dagger with a ransom note attached to
it stuck into my bed.  It read:
        If you ever want to see your pretty little princess again you'll
follow our orders.  First we want you and only you to come up to our ship
unarmed.  Second to get her back unharmed, we want your life for hers.  Oh
yea, our ship is floating above the lake.  Be there by 11:00 or she gets it.

    I was out raged, how could "they" do this to her, and why didn't they
just take me.  Well, anyway I knew what I needed to do.  I got dressed and
went to grab my gun, and then I remembered that they said I should come
unarmed.  I jumped out the window and ran by the kitchen window.  I think
Sasami noticed and told every one that I was out there.

    I got to the lake and looked up there was the ship, about a 100ft up.  I
walked right under the ship and a bright beam surrounded my body as I was
transported into the ship.  Once inside I saw Aeka in some type of bubble.
She seemed to be happy at my presence.  Then I saw who was behind this, a
ghostlike version of Kagato.

    I shouted out, "OK now that I'm here and I'm unarmed let her go!"

    Kagato just said, "Fine."  And Aeka was freed and then transported back
to the house.  Then all the exits to the room were gone and the only way out
I thought was through that row of windows.

    Being an honorable man I kept to the deal and just stood there looking
at
Kagato.  He had a small grin as he pulled out a gold and green pistol which
he said contained poison bullets.  I stood there fearing the worst and then
I
felt a power surge in my body.

    For some reason I clasped my hands together and put them to my side.
Then some words just shot out of my mouth, "CHA-OS-BEAM!"

    Then a huge green and black beam shot out of my hands right at Kagato.
He yelled as he shot as fast as he could.  The beam lasted for about 5
seconds.  Then I noticed I'd been shot 3 times, twice in my left arm, and
once on the outside edge of my left leg.  I stumbled back as the ship began
to explode, and I fell out of a shattering window.

    I fell down a100 feet into the deepest part of the lake.  I fell down on
my back as soon as I touched the water I fell unconscious.

        (Now Glen tells some of the story)

    We all had just reached the lake as the ship exploded, and we all saw
Dave fall into the lake.  I hesitated for a second then; when I didn't see
him come up, Tenchi and I dove into the water and swam out to where he had
fallen.  The water was blood stained, so we dove down and grabbed his almost
lifeless body.

    We dragged him into Washu's lab and set him down.  She examined Dave and
said that he has a lot of poison in him and the fact that he was unconscious
didn't help.  Then Aeka came running in.

    Every one left except for Washu and myself.  She fell onto the lab table
crying.  She grabbed his body and tried to make him wake up.  All of a
sudden
her wooden head band began to glow and her tears started to glow also.  When
her tears hit Dave, Washu began to notice that the poison was dissolving and
the worst wounds began to heal.

    Then Dave's eyes twitched and they opened.

            (Back to Dave telling story)

    The first thing I saw was Aeka's teary eyes and that she began to smile.
She leaned down and gave me a tight hug.  I looked around the room and saw
Glen, with his arms folded, smiling at me.  And then I saw Washu at the
computer trying to figure out what happened.

    I tried to get up, but my arm and leg screamed in pain, and I fell back
down to the table.  Washu came over, still trying to figure out what
happened, and gave me some of her super aspirin.  I almost immediately felt
better and got up.  Aeka and Glen helped me up the stairs and into my room
and placed me on my bed.  Aeka said she'd be back in a little while, I
nodded.

    About 10 minutes later, there was a knock at my door; I scooted over
thinking it was Aeka.  I said, "Come in."  The door opened and to my
surprise
it was Sasami.

    She had Rio-oky on her head.  She said something about wanting to check
on how I was.  Then she sat on the end of the bed watching TV.

    About 20 minutes later the door slid open, and it was Aeka.  She seemed
shocked that Sasami was there, but she hopped on the bed and slid over me so
she can be to my right.

    She laid her head on my chest, as usual, and gave me a little squeeze.
After a minute or two she started to slide her hand down my chest and she
put
her hand into my pants!  Then she started playing with my balls; she stroked
them and massaged them.  As soon as I was really starting to like it I
remembered, Oh crap Sasami is like two feet away.  I looked at Sasami and
luckily it looked like she didn't notice anything.  I gave Aeka a worried
gaze and nodded my head toward Sasami, Aeka realized what could happen and
she had to stop.

    After about another 10 minutes Sasami decided to leave.  Aeka began to
put her hands down my pants again.  She started playing with my balls again.
After a couple of minutes she stopped playing with my balls and began to
take
off my pants and my boxers.  Then she started to give me a blowjob!  She
stuck my hard cock into her mouth and began to lick it and suck on it.  She
seemed to be having fun; I was liking it a little too much.  After a few
minutes she noticed I was ready to cum, she braced herself as I cummed into
her mouth, then she licked my cock clean.  She rolled her tongue and
swallowed my cum while my dick was still in her mouth.  I leaned back
extremely pleased.  Felling tired I began to close my eyes, seeing this Aeka
pulled up my pants and lay down on my chest.  Then I drifted off and fell
asleep.

    When I awoke, an hour or so later, Aeka looked up and smiled then said,
"Dinner should be ready in a couple of minutes, I'll meet you down there."
With this she crawled out of the bed and slipped on her slippers and left
the
room.

    I go up, stretched, put on my slippers, and took some more of that
aspirin.  Then I left my room and headed down stairs.  Aeka was already at
the table, so I sat right across from her and waited for the food to be
placed on the table.

    Sasami, I thing being nice to me, prepared a dinner of just finger foods
so I didn't have to use my left arm.  The food was great, and I noticed all
through dinner Aeka was looking at me with love in her eyes.  Plus all
through dinner everyone was asking me questions about what had happened
earlier that day.  Tenchi and Glen also asked me why I hadn't asked for
their
help.  I simply said, "In the note is said that if I didn't come alone he
would have killed Aeka."

    After dinner Glen mentioned that he thought I was a dead man when I fell
out of that ship.  I gave him a smirk and walked upstairs.

    Back in my room, I laid down on my bed and started to watch TV.  The
door
flung open, it was Aeka again!  She jumped right in the bed and started to
kiss me.  Then she started to strip, when she was down to her underwear she
started to strip me.  She whispered into my ear, "Tonight it's just your
turn, my knight in shining armor!"

    She took off my boxers, then her bra, and then her panties.  She stared
kissing me again and then stuck her breasts into my face!  At that I go a
boner.  She grabbed my dick and put it in her pussy!  She started to ride
me,
starting slow, and then she started going faster and faster.  She gabbed
onto
my shoulder for balance, so her huge, luscious breasts were right in front
of
my face!  I was so horny it didn't take long for me to cum, but she kept on
going!  She finally came too, but she didn't stop.  A couple of minutes
later
I cummed again, she kept going.  She came again too, and then she started to
slow down.  Breathing heavy, she slipped off me and onto the bed to my
right.
 She gave me one more long passionate kiss before we both passed out.

    The next day we both slept until almost 10:00 in the morning.  Sasami
guessing to herself what had happened last night, gave us both a bowl of
cereal.  After eating we went to the living room.

    I laid down on one part of the couch and Aeka sat next to me.  She now
seemed to not care if any one knew about us being a couple, so she laid down
too, and put her head on my chest.  We both watched TV acting like nothing
unusual was going on.  Some of the girls got suspicious and asked Aeka if
she
and I were together.  She said, "Why yes, we are, and I don't care what any
one of you say."

    Every one just looked at us oddly for a second, then most smiled and
started to watch the TV again.  Sasami, overhearing the conversation, sat
down next Aeka and me, and she asked, "If you two get married, David would
be
my brother in law, right?"

    Aeka blushed at the idea, then said, "Yes, he would be your brother in
law."

    Sasami said, "That's great I'll have a new big brother!"

    Aeka and I both smiled as Sasami turned around and watched TV.

    Later that day everyone had left the living room, except Aeka and my
self
who still lay on the sofa.  We watched some TV and Aeka thanked me again for
saving her.
She gave me another little hug and then we cuddled on the couch, as she
seemed to drift off into sleep.

    While Aeka was asleep, Washu came in and stated asking questions like
how
are you feeling, Does it still hurt, and Do you have any idea what happened
when Aeka healed you?  I said, "I'm fine now, and I don't know what happened
with Aeka healing me or how I destroyed that ship with my bare hands."

    Washu was satisfied with my answers and went back to her lab.  A little
while later, Aeka woke up.  She stretched in a way that I could see the
outline of her body.  She sat up, we French kissed and then she went to her
room.  I also went upstairs to my room.

    While in my room I built a model airplane and polished my gun.  Around
9:00 their was another knock at my door……
    That's the end of my story, I hoped you liked it.  Plus keep an eye out
for my next story: Almost Killed by Sex
