Disclaimer: I Have used Tenchi Muyo In very selfish ways but it doesn't 
belong
to me, it is property of Pioneer and AIC(god bless em') Author's note* Rio 
and 
Ace are actually my characters that I created, they belong to me and are my 
responsibility. Please contact me if you would like to use either charcter, 
Thank you. 

	              
		

No Need For A New Journey 
Part 5: Temptations	         
By RDanime	         
 
"What do you want to talk to me about, Ayeka?" asked Tenchi as he and Ayeka 
walked into his room. Ayeka closed the door behind them and locked it.

"Ayeka, what are you doing?" asked Tenchi.

Ayeka slowly turned around and looked at Tenchi, blushing at the sight of him 
with his shirt off.

She said, "Tenchi, ever since I came here to Earth, and lived with you, I've 
had times that I never want to forget, I desperately want this to be one of 
those times. Tenchi, I love you, and you know I love you, that's all I have 
to 
say anymore. If you can't accept that fact, then, then..." 

Tenchi cut her off, "Ayeka, I do accept that fact, but I..."

Then Ayeka said, "That's not all Tenchi! I wish, I wish I could just be 
together with you, forever. Tenchi, when I think about me and you, I imagine 
the two of us in love, holding hands, married, and Tenchi, I know you're not 
ready for that. But I am, and Tenchi if you're not ready for that, maybe I 
should just leave with Ace and go back home, because I can take it you don't 
want me here anymore." 

She looked away, then Tenchi grabbed her by the shoulders, and looked at her 
straight in the eyes.

"Ayeka, don't go, please, I enjoy having you here, my life has been great 
since you've come here. Ayeka I lo..." Tenchi started, but then stopped as 
soon as he realized what he was saying.	

Ayeka looked at Tenchi and asked, "You what?!" 

Tenchi couldn't speak for a second, he was just about to say three words that 
he wasn't sure he meant. But then he looked at Ayeka, she didn't have any 
makeup on, but at that moment, she looked more beutiful than she ever could 
be 
at any other time. Those innocent eyes, eyes that only she could have, the 
beutiful princess of Jurai. At that moment, it came to him, all this time 
of avoiding Ayeka, treating her like a bother, when she was the object of his 
affection. Could he actually love Ayeka? At that moment, a tear ran down her 
cheek, and Tenchi knew that the answer to his question, was yes.

Tenchi put his hand on Ayeka's face and wiped away her tear, she gasped, 
Tenchi put two of his fingers on Ayeka's mouth, so she wouldn't inturrupted 
him, he moved his face close to Ayeka's, and with a little smile, he 
whispered, "I love you Ayeka." 

Ayeka didn't know what to do, but at that moment, tears ran down her face. 
She 
smiled, finally, her dreams, they were all starting to come true. She moved 
her face closer to Tenchi's, closer, and closer, and just before their lips 
met, Ayeka murmered, "Oh, Tenchi!"

Their lips locked, Tenchi inserted his tounge under Ayeka's. He put one hand 
on her hip, and the other on her head, in the locks of her beutiful violet 
hair. Ayeka put her arms around Tenchi's neck.

Then, when they finally pulled themselves away, Ayeka opened her eyes to see 
Tenchi covering his eyes with his hand.

"What's wrong Tenchi?" she asked.

"Uh, Ayeka, part of your robe came off." said Tenchi.

Ayeka looked down at herself, one of her breasts had popped out of her robe, 
and she wasn't wearing a bra. She quickly covered her self up and blushed. 
But
then she realized something, a large grin grew on her face.

"Did cover yourself up?" asked Tenchi, who still had his eyes covered.

"Almost." said Ayeka.

Then she giggled and said, "Okay, you can open your eyes Tenchi."

Tenchi uncovered his eyes, but gasped at the sight he saw. Ayeka hadn't 
covered herself up, instead, she removed her whole robe. So she stood there, 
totally nude, round breasts, with pink nipples, all the way down to her 
short-haired cunt. For the first time, Ayeka had given Tenchi a nosebleed.

"A-Ayeka?" Tenchi asked, his mouth gaped wide open.

Ayeka wiped off Tenchi's nosebleed, and kissed him passionately, and while 
kissing him, she grabbed his hands and placed them on her rear. Tenchi knew 
what she wanted, but Ayeka was still a virgin, so Tenchi still had ask to ask 
her.

"Ayeka, are you sure you want to do this?" he asked.

Ayeka looked him in the eyes and said, "I'm sure, Tenchi."

Then the two locked lips, while Tenchi slowly rubbed his hand up and down 
Ayeka's smooth rack, he could feel his erection growing inside his pants, 
pushing into Ayeka's stomach . Ayeka started unzipping Tenchi's pants, while 
Tenchi moved his hand to her front, and slid his fingers in her cunt, 
fingering her soft clit, he could hear Ayeka moaning with pleasure. Ayeka had 
already helped Tenchi take his pants off, and she grabbed a hold of his thick 
member and slowly rubbed it up and down steadily, then going faster every 
second. Then Tenchi cummmed, Ayeka did as well, then Ayeka went down on 
Tenchi, and started sucking steadily, slowly, up and down, up and down, 
cleanng him off. Tenchi then laid Ayeka on the bed and kissed her again and 
started rubbing her smooth breasts, twitching her nipples, Ayeka yelped, now 
it was his turn, he started going down on her, kissing every part of her body 
as he went. Then he finally got to her soft, sweet cunt, as he he put his 
tounge inside, he lapped at her clit. Ayeka moaned in enjoyment, which 
started 
to turn into a scream, Tenchi started to get worried that someone might hear, 
but then he looked at her again, and he realized he didn't care. Tenchi went 
back up and kissed Ayeka, then he slowly shoved his hard erected piece inside 
of her. Tenchi slid in and out of Ayeka, in and out, in and out, in and out. 
Ayeka was going into consecutive orgasims. Tenchi was nearing his climax, 
untill he finally shot his seed into Ayeka. Then he calmed down, he looked at 
Ayeka in the eyes, and kissed her soft and and tender lips, then they 
snuggled 
up next to each other, Tenchi lying down behind Ayeka, he put his arm around 
Ayeka's waist. Ayeka giggled and kissed Tenchi again, and then once more.

Then Tenchi whispered in Ayeka's ear, "Goodnight, Princess."

Ayeka turned toward Tenchi, "Goodnight Tenchi-chan."

The two kissed again and fell asleep, cuddled together...

					*  *  *

Rio was wandering around in the forest, trying desperately to think about 
something, anything. Rio was just confused and angry, he had only one 
question 
in his mind "Why?" Why was he created? Why was he alive? he could feel 
another 
mentall breakdown coming on, but then, Rio-Ohki walked right toward him in 
her 
human form.

"Miyaaa!" she said cheerfully.

"Get away from me!" said Rio.

"Miyaaa?" Rio-Ohki wondered why Rio wasn't smiling, people usually enjoyed 
having her around.

Rio was having surges of horrible emotions. But then Rio-Ohki handed him 
something, a crown made of flowers.

Rio looked at it, then looked at Rio-Ohki, "For me?" he asked.

Rio-Ohki smiled.

A small smile grew on Rio's face, he put the crown on and said, "Thank You."

For a little bit, Rio was feeling happy, but just then, a voice was yelling 
in 
Rio's head. It was so loud, Rio couldn't take it, he then fell to his knees, 
and started screaming, screaming so loud, he was scaring Rio-Ohki.

"Who are you?!" screamed Rio.

"You mean you don't know?" said the voice in Rio's head, "I'm your creator 
Rio." 

"Why are you doing this to me?" Rio asked.

"Because I want to help you, Rio." the voice said.

"Help me?!" asked Rio who seriously doubt this was helping him.

"Yes Rio, you have questions, I have the answers, I can help you." said the 
voice.

"What do I have to do?" Rio asked.

"Return To Me Rio, Your Future Is With ME!" said the voice.

Rio couldn't think for second.

"Why are you pondering?! Just return to me! Your home is with me! I'm your 
creator, I have everything you need to know!" yelled the voice.

"Get out of my head!" Rio said softly.

"What?!" asked the voice.

"Get out of my Head!!!" Rio screamed.

Then Rio got up and knocked down Rio-Ohki, who was trying to help him up. He 
ran off screaming untill he had another mentall breakdown and collapsed. 
Rio-Ohki saw that Rio had thrown down the crown she made for him, when she 
saw 
this, she started crying.

					*  *  *

"Damn! The connection was broken!" shouted Kagato.

Kagato was in his ship which was just outside of the Earth's atmosphere.

"Why do you even need him father? You still have me!" said the other being.

"He has the other stone, to use the Dragonell stone, I still need his stone." 
said Kagato, "I guess we'll just wait untill tomorrow."

The being looked at Kagato and said "But he said..."

Kagato cut him off, "I know what he said, but just wait, expect a battle with 
him tomorrow, count on it."...

					*  *  *

Tenchi woke up about an hour after he had made love to Ayeka. He had to go to 
the bathroom. So he got up, kissed the still asleep Ayeka on the cheek, and 
got his boxers on. Tenchi went to the bathroom and started walking back to 
his 
room, but on the way back, he heard a noise behind him. He turned around, 
there was no one there. But then he turned back the other way, and he was 
staring into two, cute, cat-like eyes. Ryoko was awake.

"Good evening, Tenchi." she said.

"Good evening Ryoko." said Tenchi as he tried to walk around her, but she got 
right in front of him. 

"Ryoko please, not now, I'm tired." pleaded Tenchi, who was trying to keep 
awake. 

"But I need to talk to you Tenchi." said Ryoko.

"Ryoko I don't have time!" Tenchi said as he was about to enter his room, but 
then he heard crying, he looked to his side and he could see it was Ryoko. As 
she went back into her room, tears fel to the floor. Tenchi, never liked to 
see a girl cry, especially because of him. So he sighed and walked into 
Ryoko's room.

"Ryoko, I'm sorry, it's just that I..." Tenchi started, but then stopped as 
he 
saw Ryoko on her bed, looking at a photo in a frame.

"Ryoko?" asked Tenchi.

"Remember this time, Tenchi?" said Ryoko, Tenchi sat down next to her as she 
showed him the photo. It was from the time they were at the carnival,The 
photo 
showed Tenchi smiling in the photo booth next to Ryoko who was hugging him.

"This was my favorite time with you Tenchi, we were so happy that day." Ryoko 
said.

"Yeah, that was untill I got cotton candy stuck in my hair. That stuff's hard 
to wash out." joked Tenchi.

They both laughed, but then Ryoko started crying again.

"Ryoko, What's wrong?" Tenchi asked.

Ryoko looked at Tenchi, "Tenchi, I'll never forget that time! But there's 
also 
another time I can never forget, the first time we faced Kagato."

She grabbed Tenchi's hand, "Tenchi, I'll never forget that horrible day, I 
thought I had lost you forever, and if it wasn't for Tsunami, I don't know 
what I would've done."

Then Ryoko looked at Tenchi in the eyes and said, "Tenchi, I don't want to 
lose you again, I can't live without you, I love you Tenchi."

Then Ryoko turned away from Tenchi, Tenchi couldn't beleive it, for the first 
time, Ryoko was serious and worried, Tenchi could hear Ryoko sniffling after 
she turned away. Tenchi got a little closer to Ryoko.

"Ryoko, please stop crying," he said as he put his hand on her shoulder, 
"Ryoko, we're both going to come back home alive..."

But Ryoko cut him off, "And then what, Tenchi?" 

"What do you mean Ryoko?" Tenchi asked. 

"Tenchi, what do you see in our future?" Ryoko asked.

"I don't really know, Ryoko, I try to stay in the present." said Tenchi.

"Tenchi, I've always thought about me and you, from the first time I saw you, 
as a child, you were so cute, Tenchi, but I could never talk to you, and you 
didn't even know I existed, Then I saw you grow up into the person you are 
now, and you're a sweet person, and that's why I love you Tenchi. I want to 
be with you forever, but I just don't see that happening." Ryoko said as she 
tilted her head down and more tears fell to the floor. 

Tenchi picked up Ryoko's face and looked her in the eyes, "Ryoko, please 
don't 
do this, I love you too much to see you do this to yourself."

"What did you say?" Ryoko asked.

Tenchi tried to think, "Why, what did you hear?" he asked.

Ryoko brought her face closer to Tenchi's, "You, love me?"

AWWW Man! Tenchi had to say something to Ryoko, but he couldn't say no, so he 
looked at Ryoko in her eyes, and something about her just turned him on, he 
couldn't hold it in.

He smiled and said, "I love you Ryoko."

Ryoko's jaw dropped wide open, Tenchi finally said the three words she always 
wanted to hear him say. In her surge of emotions, she pounced on him and 
yelled, "Tenchi!" 

The two were now lying in Ryoko's bed when Ryoko locked lips with Tenchi. 
Tenchi inserted his tounge under Ryoko's. She moaned lustfully. Tenchi rubbed 
his hand up and down Ryoko's body, Ryoko grabbed his hand and shoved it down 
her pants, Tenchi did'nt even have to ask Ryoko, he knew she had been waiting 
for this for a long time. Tenchi rubbed his hand on Ryoko's soft cunt, 
fingering her soft clit. Ryoko climbed on top of Tenchi and took her shirt 
off, then Tenchi put his arms around her and helped her remove her bra, when 
she did she threw it to the side, and shoved her large beutiful breasts in 
Tenchi's face, Tenchi got a nose bleed of course, but Ryoko wiped it away, 
she 
kissed Tenchi Passionately again. Tenchi rubbed her breast and gently tweezed 
at her nipples, Ryoko yelped with pleasure. Then, Ryoko went down on Tenchi, 
and pulled his boxers off. To reveal his thick, hard erected member. Then 
Ryoko put Tenchi's erected dick in her mouth and started sucking steadily, up 
and down, going faster and faster every second. While Ryoko was down on 
Tenchi, she still had her rear at Tenchi's end, and he saw her big, round, 
perfectly-shaped ass, so he pulled her pants off and opened up her cunt to 
lick her soft clitoris. Ryoko moaned while she was still sucking, then, 
Tenchi 
cummed and it exploded in Ryoko's face. Ryoko was shocked for a moment, then 
she grinned even wider, and started licking Tenchi off. Then Ryoko got back 
up 
to Tenchi, and kissed him again. Tenchi took his member and shoved it in 
Ryoko's cunt and slid in and out, in and out again, Ryoko was going into her 
orgasmis. Tenchi was nearing his climax. Then he finally shot into Ryoko. 
Tenchi settled himself down, and cuddled next to Ryoko. Ryoko Kissed Tenchi 
with her tender soft lips, then she put her arms around his neck, Tenchi put 
his arms around Ryoko's waist. 

"I love you Tenchi." said Ryoko.

"I love you Ryoko." said Tenchi.

The two then fell asleep, holding each other...

								End of Prt 
5>>>


*Author's note* Well, I really hope you liked this one, it was my first 
lemon, 
my favorite fan fic by far. It was just too tough to think of reasons why 
Tenchi would make love to Ayeka and Ryoko. So I made up a story for Ryoko, 
and 
Ayeka threatened to leave, so, I think this starting off my first successfull 
lemon series.        

   
								 


 




 









  	
