Disclaimer: I Have used Tenchi Muyo In very selfish ways but it doesn't 
belong
 to me, it is property of Pioneer and AIC(god bless em')

	              
		

No Need For A New Journey 
Part 3: The Son of a Menace	         
By RDanime	         

"Miyaaa!" cried Rio-Ohki cheerfully as she lay on the being's chest. 
The 
Being, now fully dressed in one of Tenchi's pair of blue jeans and one of his 
black T-shirts, was now lying on the couch with everyone around him. Sasami 
had laid a hot water bag on the being's head. 
	
"What's his name Washu?" asked Tenchi.
	
"His name is Rio-x, he is a mass-created being, like Ryoko. He was a 
project 
created by me after I created Ryoko, it was the only project where I actually 
managed to clone Ryoko's stones." said Washu.
	
"Wait! I thought there was no way to clone my stones!" shouted Ryoko.
	
"I did, once, but I had to destroy the data." said Washu.
	
"But, why?" asked Kiyone.
	
"Because I was afraid someone would steal it from me, someone like 
Kagato." 
said Washu.
	
"Kagato stole the project from you?" asked Ayeka.
	
"Well, he tried, but he couldn't, so instead he stole Ryoko and trapped 
me in 
my icy prison." said Washu.
	
"Wait! Are you saying that Kagato is behind this?!" yelled Tenchi.
	
"It can't be, Kagato is long dead. But the real question is, who? And 
why did 
they do it the exact same way?" asked Washu to herself.
	
"You mean there are two of them?" asked Kashuito.
	
"Yes, the first attacked me as soon as he was born." said Washu.
	
"Then why did he struggle to breathe?" asked Tenchi as he pointed at 
Rio.
	
"He wasn't struggling to breathe, he had a mentall breakdown of all his 
knowledge, but it should all come back to him shortly." said Washu.
	
"A mentall breakdown?" asked Nobuyuki.
	
"Yes, when he was born, all the knowledge that was given him was too 
great, he 
couldn't think, he became temporarily insane." replied Washu.
	
"Then, how come the other attacked you?" asked Ryoko.
	
"Well, I guess whoever is behind all of this decided that they only 
needed a 
being that had no feeling, and that the other could just be killed by a 
mentall breakdown." said Washu, but then Rio started moving.
	
"Uhhhggg..." he moaned as he awoke. Rio slowly sat up, everyone slowly 
backed 
away a bit. Rio looked around at the surroundings, then he stood up, 
but then 
he tripped and fell on the floor. Washu slowly walked toward him and 
stared at 
him as if he was a child.
	
"Hello Rio." she said, but then Rio backed away in fear.
	
"What's wrong with him?" asked Tenchi.
	
"He doesn't know who we are, how would you feel if you woke up in a 
strange 
place surrounded by people you don't know?" asked Washu.
	
"I see." said Tenchi.
	
"We have to get him to trust us." said Washu. Then Washu got on her 
hands and 
knees and crawled toward Rio, then she looked him straight in the eyes.
	
"My name is Washu, and these are my freinds," she said as she pointed 
at the 
gang, "we want to help you Rio, but first you have to trust us." Then 
she 
raised her hand slowly.
	
" So will you trust us?" Washu asked in her cutest voice. Rio looked at 
her, 
then he looked at everybody else, then back at Washu. Washu smiled at 
him, he 
smiled back then he grabbed her hand and she helped him up. It was when 
he 
stood up when everyone realized just how tall he was. He was just a 
little 
taller than Ryoko. Then everyone saw that he almost looked just like 
Ryoko. 
Ryoko saw that everyone was staring at her and Rio.
	
"What?!" she screamed.
	
"Nothing." said Kiyone.
	
"Nothing at all." said Washu.
	
"Hmph!" said Ryoko, she shrugged and turned away from everyone in insult. Rio 
looked at how mad she was, and backed away. Rio walked around a bit as Tenchi 
turned back to talk to Washu.

"Washu, I just realized, where did the other being go?" asked Tenchi. Washu 
then looked at Tenchi, then she thought about it for a second. 

"I don't know." said Washu. 

But unkown to them, the other being was right above all of them, but no one 
could see him because he was in astroprojection form. The being eyed 
everybody
one by one, untill he caught sight of Tenchi.

"Tenchi Masaki, kill Tenchi Masaki." he said silently to himself. 

"Well, keep on a look-out Washu, I gotta go finish harvesting the crops. Man, 
I wish I had some one to help me lug the big stuff." said Tenchi as he picked 
up his back sack, but then...

"I can help." said a male voice behind Tenchi. Tenchi turned around, and he 
saw Rio.

"What did you say?" asked Tenchi.

"I can help you." said Rio. Tenchi, was a little puzzled, but Washu did say 
he 
was going to gain much knowledge in few hours.

"Yeah, sure." said Tenchi. So Rio followed Tenchi into the garden. But the 
other being saw where they were going, so he turned into two beings, one to 
keep a look-out, and one to follow Tenchi. His eyes glowing red, he repeated 
the same words over and over again.

"Kill Tenchi Masaki!"
			End of Prt 3>>> 




  	
