Disclaimer: I Have used Tenchi Muyo In very selfish ways but it doesn't 
belong
to me, it is property of Pioneer and AIC(god bless em') Author's note* Rio 
and 
Ace are actually my characters that I made up, they belong to me and are my 
responsibility. Please contact me if you would like to use either charcter, 
Thank you. They make great beer bong buddies.

	              
		

No Need For A New Journey 
Part 4: Ace, the Jurai warrior	         
By RDanime	         

"Yeah put that over there Rio, yeah, thanks." directed Tenchi. Rio was 
helping 
Tenchi pretty well from what Tenchi was seeing. While they were working 
Tenchi
decided to ask Rio some questions.

"So Rio, um, how did you learn how to talk so soon?" asked Tenchi.

"I don't know, it just came to me, I'm not too sure what it is, I guess Washu 
just created me pretty well." said Rio.

"I guess so, hey wait. You only have one stone." said Tenchi as he pointed at 
the stone on Rio's right wrist. Rio looked at it.

"Yeah, do you know what it is?" asked Rio.

"I don't know exactly what it is, but I can tell you what it does." said 
Tenchi.

"What?" asked Rio.

"I'll tell you exactly what it does!" shouted a voice behind them. Tenchi and 
Rio turned around, they saw the other being that looked exactly like Rio, and 
he was dressed in the same thing as Rio. The other being drew his laser sword 
and walked toward Tenchi and Rio.

"It's the source of your true power, and if you have any will at all, you'll 
use it to defend yourself!" shouted the being. 

The being then jumped high into the air and slashed at both Rio and Tenchi, 
Tenchi grabbed a basket and ducked when the being slashed at him, then he 
popped back up and hit the being with it. The being turned around and 
jump-kicked Tenchi down. Rio ran toward the being and tackled him down, they 
rolled down a steep hill. When they got to the bottom, the being got right 
up, 
drew his laser sword and put it to Rio's throat.

Then he stared into Rio's eyes and shouted, "Give me the stone!" 

"But you already have two!" said Rio.

The being then kicked Rio in the head and shouted "Give it to me!" 

Rio was bleeding from his lip and his eye. He looked up, the blood dripping 
from his cheek and said "No!"  

The being was shocked, then he stared at Rio with a frown on his face and 
said, "Alright, then I'll just take it from you!" 

Then the being raised his sword, looked at Rio and grinned, but as he was 
about to slash Rio, a hand grabbed his arm and kicked him down. The being 
looked up to see who had kicked him. He saw a tall man, with long black hair 
and was wearing a black suit, giant brown gloves, with golden decals and 
shoulder gear. He wore a scarf and a decorated crown. 

He stared down at the being and said "I don't think you wanna do that."

The being got up and drew his sword, but then he just stopped, a voice spoke 
in his mind. It said "Stop, return to me at once!" 

The being looked back at the man, "We'll settle this later." he said, then he 
flew into the sky untill he dissapeared. 

"Man, that guy is in serious need of Visine." said the man. The man then 
looked at Rio, who was now unconcious, he walked toward him.

"Don't worry buddy, I got ya" said the man as he lifted Rio up and carried 
him 
on his shoulder.

Meanwhile, on top of the hill, Tenchi was getting back up from the really 
hard 
kick that was given to him. He sat up and he saw Ayeka kneeling down right 
next to him.

"Are you alright Lord Tenchi?" asked Ayeka.

"Ayeka, what are you doing here?" asked Tenchi.

"Oh Tenchi, I couldn't stand to leave you out here, knowing that there was 
someone who would try to hurt you." said Ayeka.

"Where did Rio go?" asked Tenchi.

"I don't know, I thought he was with you." said Ayeka. 

But then they heard footsteps, someone was coming up the hill. Tenchi pulled 
Ayeka close to protect her.

"Stay close, Ayeka." said Tenchi.

"No problem Tenchi." said Ayeka, blushing as Tenchi put his arm around her to 
try to protect her. Tenchi pulled out his Jurai sword.

"Stay back! I have a weapon!" shouted Tenchi.

"But there's no need use it." said a voice comming up the hill. Then, a tall, 
strong, long black haired man came into view, carrying Rio's beat-up, bloody 
body on his shoulder. Ayeka gasped when she saw the man.

"Oh, My, God!" gasped Ayeka.

Then she looked at Tenchi, then back at the man again.

"Ace?" asked Ayeka.

"Hello Princess Ayeka." said the man.

		*  *  *

Later, back at Tenchi's home, everyone was in Washu's lab. Washu was tending 
to Rio's wounds. 

"How is he Washu?" asked Tenchi.

"Well, he is beaten pretty badly. But, the odd thing is that, I think that 
his 
life source is in his one stone." said Washu.

"What do you mean?" asked Tenchi.

"It means he's invincible unless the stone is seperated from him, if they 
are, he's totally vulnerable." said the long haired man who was leaning on a 
wall with his arms crossed.

"Now exactly who are you?" asked Washu.

"I'd like to know that too!" said Kiyone. 

The man looked at Ayeka, then at Yosho, expecting them to say something.

"Should I, tell them?" he asked.

"I think it would be best if you, would tell them." said Yosho.

Then the man looked at Ayeka, "Ayeka?" he asked.

Ayeka turned away with her arms crossed, and with a frown on her face, she 
said, "I'm still not talking to you Ace!" 

A sweatdrop fell from the man's head, "I deserve that." he said.

Then he turned to the rest of the group, "My name is Ace, I am a Jurai Royal 
Warrior." he said, "I have been an apprientace of Yosho for years. Untill he 
left to Earth."

He stopped right there. Ayeka looked at him. Then she looked him in the eye 
and said, "AAANND?"

Ace sighed and said, "Okay so I tired to become your suitor, and... seduce 
you. But I've changed! I know you love Tenchi." 

"Hey! Wait a second! That Jurai ship I detected! It's yours isn't it?" asked 
Washu.

"Right" said Ace.

"Why are you here Ace?" asked Ayeka.
  
"Your parents sent me, well your father sent me. There is a familiar looking 
ship floating up above the Earth's atmosphere. Your father thinks it's best 
if 
you come back home." explained Ace.

"What do you mean? Familiar looking ship?" asked Tenchi.

Ace looked at him and said, "You remember what Kagato's ship looks like."

Everyone turned to look at each other, and then looked back at Ace.

"Did you say, Kagato?" asked Tenchi.

"Did I stutter?" Ace sarcastically said.

"Well, I guess this means Kagato is still alive." said Tenchi.

"Obviously, and he's going after you, Tenchi. This time I'm not too sure you 
can stop him, even with the Lighthawk Wings." Ace said.

"What do you mean?" asked Tenchi.

"A few weeks back, the Dragonell stone was stolen from the meuseum of Jurai. 
And Kagato's ship was sighted near the area." explained Ace.

"The Dragonell stone?" asked Tenchi.

"Yeah, it kinda looks like the stone on his wrist." said Ace as he pointed at 
Rio.

"Oh my god!" said Washu.

"What's wrong Washu?" asked Tenchi.

"That's why Rio was born, Kagato is planning to something with the stone and 
the being!" said Washu.

"Ace, what does the stone do?" asked Tenchi.

"Well, I'm not too sure, but I heard a rumor that it was cursed." said Ace.

"But is it Kagato?" asked Mihoshi.

"Of course it's me!" said a voice behind them. 

Everyone turned around and they saw Kagato's face on Washu's giant vid-
screen.

"Hello everybody! Miss me?" he sarcastically asked.

"Like a hemeroid." Ace joked.

Kagato turned to look at Ace, "Ahhh yes, the Royal Jurai Warrior. Who tried to 
get into Princess Ayeka's robe when Yosho wasn't around." said Kagato with a 
smirk. 

Ace's eyes filled with rage "Take that back you son of a bitch!" he shouted.
Tenchi had to litteraly pull Ace back from the giant screen.

Then Tenchi looked at Kagato and shouted "What do you want Kagato?"

Kagato laughed and said "You must be kidding, and when I thoght you couldn't 
be any more stupid than you are now. You obviously need to be reminded of the 
past. Do the words *Lighthawk Wings* mean anything to you?!" Kagato began to 
change his tone as a vain popped in his head, "Do you know the Hell I went 
through to get where I am now?! I want my revenge Tenchi Masaki! I won't stop 
till I have my sweet, sweet, REVENGE!!! I want to let your body hit the 
floor!
I want you to bleed the way I did! I want you to feel MY PAIN!!!!!! I want to 
battle you again, I beleive you know where my ship is, oh, and bring the 
family. Oh, I hope you enjoyed my new expierement! Bye-Bye!"

That said, the screen turned off.

"What a sick, bastard!" Tenchi said. Every one turned to look at one another.

"So what do we do?" asked Ayeka.

"Well, your father wants you to come home, Ayeka." said Ace.

"I'm not going back, Ace." said Ayeka.

"Then I guess I can't go back, your father said unless I can bring you, I 
can't return. I guess I'll just have stay here and help you fight, then I'll 
just have to find a ditch to live in." said Ace.

"But we have to rest first." pointed out Tenchi.

"Well, that is a good idea, we should rest first, I do have a cot in my 
ship." 
Ace said.

"Why don't you sleep here?" asked Sasami.

Ayeka turned toward her little sister, Sasami, with an angry look and said, 
"Sasami! You can't just go and invite someone to sleep here!" 

"That's alright. I don't want to be a bother." started Ace but then Tenchi 
cut 
him off. 

"Hey! I insist. It's my home anyway, you stay the night, then we attack 
Kagato 
in the morning!" shouted Tenchi.

"Really? Well, I don't know what to say." Ace said.

"Don't mention it! We have to get rested now, if we have to fight in the 
morning." said Tenchi.

"I'm not fighting." said a voice behind everyone.

They turned around and saw Rio, who had just awaken.

"But, why not?" asked Ayeka.

Rio looked at his palms, "I have little time on this planet, I don't want to 
spend it fighting."

"What are you talking about?" asked Tenchi.

Rio got up and looked Tenchi in the eyes, "You don't get it do you?! The 
other 
being and I are the same person! Once you kill him, I die as well! 

Tenchi was shocked to hear this information, he turned toward Washu, "Washu, 
is this true?"

Washu looked at Rio with a sad look on her face, then she looked back at 
Tenchi and said, "I'm afraid so, Tenchi." 

Rio turned around and headed toward the door.

"Wait! Where are you going?" asked Tenchi.

"I don't know, I, just, don't..." Rio said as he walked out.

		*  *  *

Later that night, Ace had just awoken, he couldn,t get to sleep, he got up 
and 
got dressed in his armor. Then he went downstairs to pass the the time before 
morning came. He decided to do something quiet, like read a book, but the 
only 
books he could find were all Manga hentai comics.

"I am not going to read this smut!" he said to himself.

Then he heard a noise coming from a doorway.

"Who's there?" he asked.

"It's just me." said Rio as he walked into the reading room.

"Man, you freaked me out. That guy who looks like you has got scary eyes." 
said Ace, "So you couldn't sleep either huh?" he asked.

"No, I can't stop getting these thoughts, I just, can't *sigh* nevermind"

"Are you okay man?" asked Ace.

"I'm fine, oh, hey, I forgot to thank you for helping me out earlier." said 
Rio.

"Hey, don't sweat it. I can't stand to see someone get hurt, physically or 
emotionally. It's just good to see that you're not bleeding anymore." Ace 
said. Then Rio walked toward the door.

"Rio, where are you going?" asked Ace.

"Somewhere, anywhere." said Rio.

Ace decided not to ask again and thought he should just get back to his ship 
to check over some files, untill he heard another noise, he turned around 
again. But he didn't see Rio this time, this time he saw, Kiyone.

"Sorry, did I frighten you?" she asked.

"Nah, I'm fine, what are you doing awake?" asked Ace.

"Oh, well I couldn't sleep, so I decided to get dressed in my uniform and 
find 
a way to pass the time untill morning." Kiyone said.

"So what are you doing?" she asked.

"Same thing." Ace said.

Then they were just standing around, feeling uncomfortable. Then Kiyone 
decided to break the ice.

"Hey, mind if I turn on the radio?" she asked.

"Nah, go ahead." said Ace.

Kiyone turned on the Jukebox stile radio that Ryoko had bought from a garage 
sale earlier in the summer. A familiar tune came on, Kiyone recognized it 
immediately.

"Ohhh, I love this song!" she said.

Ace listened, he heard the song saying:

(And I'd give up forever to touch you
'Cause I know that you feel me somehow
You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be
And I don't want to go home right now

And all I can taste is this moment
And all I can breathe is your life
'Cause sooner or later it's over
I just don't want to miss you tonight

And I don't want the world to see me
'Cause I don't think that they'd understand
When everything's made to be broken
I just want you to know who I am

And you can't fight the tears that ain't coming
Or the moment of truth in your lies
When everything feels like the movies
And you bleed just to know you're alive

And I don't want the world to see me
'Cause I don't think that they'd understand
When everything's made to be broken
I just want you to know who I am

(long solo)

And I don't want the world to see me
'Cause I don't think that they'd understand
When everything's made to be broken
I just want you to know who I am

And I don't want the world to see me
'Cause I don't think that they'd understand
When everything's made to be broken
I just want you to know who I am

I just want you to know who I am
I just want you to know who I am
I just want you to know who I am)

Ace finally got out of his trance from the song then he turned to look at 
Kiyone she still had her eyes closed untill the tune faded out. Then she 
looked at Ace.

"That's a nice song isn't it?" she asked.

"Yeah, it has a beutiful meaning to it." said Ace.

"Every time I listen to it, I think about how much he must love the woman he 
speaks about, I wish I could have a man who could say beutiful words like 
that 
to me." Kiyone said, "Of course, the only people I ever even think of dating 
are those filthy, overweight, donut-stuffing, illegal  blunt-smoking losers 
at 
Galaxy Police HQ."

"You don't have to settle for that." Ace said.

"That's what all the guys say, even Tenchi." Kiyone sarcastically said.

"You know I'm trying to help you, Right?" Ace said.

Then Kiyone said, "I'm sorry, It's just that I've met guys like you before 
and 
I'm just sick and tired of..."

Then Ace cut her off, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, guys like me?"

"Well yeah, the whole, 'I feel sorry for you' rutine, yeah they feel sorry 
when they try to get into my pants! And then there are guys like Tenchi, who 
are perfect and you've known them for years, then it turns out they're not 
even intrested!" Kiyone yelled. A sweatdrop fell from Ace's head.

"Uh, Kiyone, I think I'm starting to learn what your problem is." Ace said, 
still kind of afraid from Kiyone's outburst.

"I'm sorry, I don't know if you know this, but I have a really bad temper." 
said Kiyone.

Ace rolled his eyes in obviousness, "Really? I didn't notice." he said with a 
fake smile.

Kiyone giggled, "Shut up!" she said playfully.

"Make me." said Ace.

"Oh I'll make you, but you won't like it." Kiyone said giggling.

They both started laughing, then they stopped, and looked at each other in 
the 
eyes, then their faces moved in close to each other, then their lips got 
closer, closer, closer...

Then, Ace accidently knocked over a photo frame with his elbow, Damn.

Kiyone had awaken from her trance, so had Ace. Kiyone smiled, in 
embarassment. 
Ace pretended he had an itch on his head and leaned away quickly. Sweatdrops 
fell down both their heads.

"Well, I guess that I'll just go and, uh, get my ship ready." Kiyone said as 
she got up and headed for the door, but as she was walking Ace couldn't help 
but notice the slow and steady movement of her rounded, nicely shaped rear. 
He 
started going into another trance untill the ass stopped moving, then a hand 
was laid on her waist. Ace looked up, he saw Kiyone with her head turned 
toward him.

"Find something intresting?" she said.

Ace's face turned red, Kiyone had spotted him looking at her ass, he lowered 
his head down low untill he didn't see anything except Kiyone's feet. Then 
she 
left the room. 

But as she left, Ace heard her say, "Just like all the other men!" 

"Awww, Man! Stupid!" Ace thought to himself. "Oh well, I'll just listen to 
more of the radio."

then a voice on the radio said:

"I'm Kacy Kason with the American top 40, you just heard 'Iris' by the Goo 
Goo 
Dolls at number 27, now at number 26, 'Show me the meaning of being lonely' 
by
BSB..."

That's when Ace changed the station, what a coincedence that that song would 
come on, then he started listening to some Sister Hazel, that relaxed him a 
bit, now this was music.

					*  *  *

Meanwhile, Tenchi had awaken from the music.

"Who turned on the radio at this hour?" he said to himself.   
 
Tenchi slowly got up and rubbed the sleepies out of his eyes,

"Jesus, I got get some sleep, I'm tired!" he said with a yawn. Then he put 
his 
hand on his chest and started scratching himself. Then he opened his door and 
stuck his hand outside to see if Ryoko was lurking in the hall. So far 
nothing
so that's a good sign. Then he started going downstairs untill he heard a 
door 
opening. Tenchi turned around slowly, hoping it wasn't Ryoko. It wasn't, it 
was Ayeka.

"Tenchi? what are you doing awake?" she asked.

"I heard the radio on, I decided to go turn it off." said Tenchi.

Ayeka laid her head on her shoulder and said, "Oh, I see. Um, Tenchi, can I 
talk to you? In your room?"...
							      End of Prt 4>>>




*Author's note* Okay, well, I hope this fic was pretty good, and hey! Kacy 
Kason made a special guest radio appearance! Oh, and if you don't know what 
Visine is, it's eydrops, and if you don't know what the American top 40 is, 
turn on a damn radio!

P.S. The next fic is a lemon. Of course! 
				
								 


 




 









  	
