( ) = Narrator, me, Zero Cool, BMScaife@aol 
Category: Lemon / Crossover. This story has just a little DBZ
Sake= cheep word for strong wine or beer.
*= Thinking
~ = Talk between two people	
FB= flash back
Onsen= Dimensional Bathroom

If you have any questions or comments about my story feel free to e-
mail me, my address is at the top of the page and right before you look 
at the story. And please enjoy.

Note: First of all this is not the Zero the computer, it's Zero Cool, 
ME.
Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi or any of the other character, they are 
property of AIC and Pioneer so don't I repeat please do not sue me (I 
have no money so it would be futile). This story is just for fun. Also 
I got some ideas and terminology (I'm not sure of the meaning) from 
some of the other Lemon Fan Fics I hope you don't mind. Just want to 
let you know.
Note: If you the name Zero or Zero Cool, It refers to the same person.
This Story is about my friends and I if were Juraiyan's  (Explained in 
the story).

The Newcomers


Three months later. Gray Fox is sleeping up in a tree. Kiyone and 
Mihoshi are watching Soap Operas. Tenchi is in the training room; 
Washuu has been gathering his data. Double S and D Shade are at the 
super market. Ryoko and Ayeka are in the onsen talking with each other. 
Yosho is at the shrine. Zero, who has been sick with the flu for the 
past week, is in Washuus medical ward and Sasami is watching over him.
~"Zero, Zero, Zero wake up. Pleas wake up." Sasami
"Ugh. wha, wha, what day is it?" Zero
"Oh my god your alright! (Sasami crying) It's Friday, you've been 
unconscious for three days."
"Ugh my head, what happen?"
"Well against my judgment, you were training on the mountain. You 
must have passed out and fallen, anyway Ryoko had just gotten out of 
the time training room and was looking for you. She got to you just in 
time to see you falling and caught you just as your head first the 
ground."
"Oh. Well am I getting any better?"
"You can say that, your fever is down to 99 degrees, and that's 
from 107."
"Sasami can you go get Ryoko, I need to talk to her."
"Sure I'll be right back." (Two minuets latter).
"Ryoko thanks for catching me back there. By the way what did you 
want to talk about?" Zero
"You welcome, think nothing of it. Well I'd been training for a 
wile and made a lot of progress I think, anyway I wanted to get a match 
against you." Ryoko
"As soon as I get better we'll have a one on one match." Zero
"Anything else?" Ryoko. Sasami has left the room.
"Well what happen while I was out?"
"Not much, I think that your friend D Shade has grown fond of 
Mihoshi."
"Well, that's 4. And I take it that you and Ayeka are hooked on 
Tenchi."
"Um. how did you know?"
"I could tell, it's really easy with you. Ayeka is a little more 
difficult to spot. But he seems to spend a lot of time with you two 
especially." All of a sudden Tenchi falls into the room, his arm is 
bleeding.
"My god Tenchi what happen?" Ryoko
"I was training in the forest setting, well I was blowing up some 
things and this bolder came up and hit me." Tenchi
"Ryoko, can you leave the room for a minute." Zero gets up and 
gets dressed, then he reaches into his vest pocket and gives Tenchi a 
Sensue Bean. Tenchi gets up and they both walk out into the hall, 
Sasami and Ryoko great them and have a seat in then living room. Zero 
and Sasami head up stares into Zeros room. (Washuu built rooms for each 
one of the space fighters.)

Outside.
Double S and D Shade are speeding up to the house in a red and 
black Dodge Viper.
"Hey, their back. You guys need any help unloading the car." 
Kiyone 
"Sure, we have a lot of stuff. The big game is about to come on." 
Double S 
"Who is playing again?" Mihoshi
"Baltimore and New York." D Shade
"Why are we going to watch American Foot ball. In Japan." Double 
S
"Because it's the big game and the best one of the season." 
Kiyone

Up stares in Zeros room.
Zero is sleeping and Sasami is watching him and dozing off in his 
sleep. Sasami starts to doze but hears him talking in his sleep.
"Sasami.Sasami I love you Sasami. You can ask me anything." Zero 
talking in his sleep. Sasami leaves to get Washuu, Washuu returns and 
watches.
"Washuu he keeps talking, about me, he said he loves me." Sasami
"You say he said you can ask him anything. Ask a question." 
Washuu
"I love you Sasami, you can ask me anything." Zero
"Well, do you love me?" Sasami 
"With all my hart and soul." Zero
"This is incredible he actually responded. He's asleep but will 
answer to any question asked. I'll try one, did you have brothers or 
sisters."
"Yes." Zero
"This is interesting, I have one more. Zero what is you real 
name?" Washuu
"My name is." Zero
"Zero wake up!!!!" Sasami yells shaking him.
"Ugh. what is going on?" Zero
"Sasami why did you do that, he was going to tell us his real 
name." Washuu
"Explain please!!!" Zero his eyes shifting to red.
"Please don't be mad, you were talking in your sleep and were 
about to tell us what your name is." Sasami
"Well thank you, you know I know you all well enough to tell you 
my name now." Zero.
"Well are you going to tell us your name now." Washuu
"I should break you legs for trying that. And no not right now." 
Zero
"Zero!! He's just kidding Washuu. Right?" Sasami
"Remember what Gray Fox said." Zero drifting back to sleep.
 "What did he mean by that?" Washuu
"Well Gray Fox said that Zero wouldn't hesitate to kill anyone 
who knew his real name." Sasami
"I was just kidding. But I still feel sick and need to get some 
sleep." Zero 
"Well I'll leave you two alone." Washuu, she leaves the room.

~"What did I say while I was asleep?" Zero
"Well you said that you love me with all your hart and soul." 
Sasami
"Well that's true, and my name is." Zero
"You don't need to tell me." Sasami 
"I will anyway, it's. Brian."
"Really, what's so bad about that?"
"I guess nothing. You can tell the others if you want to."
"Ok but only when you're better, get some rest." Sasami leaves 
the room.

Back down stares every one is drinking and watching the game. 
Mihoshi leans over and kisses D Shade. Tenchi is drinking and Ryoko and 
Ayeka are kissing him.
"Hey you guys knock it off. Br. I mean Zero is trying to sleep." 
Sasami catching her self before saying his real name.
"Sorry well keep it down." Ryoko.
"Br? Is that his real name?" Tenchi
"He told me what it was, I'll tell you when he gets better." 
Sasami
"I don't know if that's wise, he'll kill us if you tell us his 
real name." Gray Fox
"Naw, he said once he's feeling better he let me tell you." 
Sasami
 
D Shade and Mihoshi leave the room talking drunkenly; they step 
into the onsen, get undressed and have a seat in the water. A hologram 
screen comes up and the Football game comes on. Mihoshi starts to kiss 
D Shade and shifts her self on top of him. He lays back and returns the 
favor. Moving his head down he begins to suck on her breast and 
massages her back at the same time. He looks up at the screen then back 
down to her, he sinks down into the water and begins to lick at her 
neither region. She tosses her head back and little beads of water 
sparkle in the air as her hair flows back into the water. D Shade takes 
one of her hand and begins to lead kisses up to her neck, moving from 
her neck to her ear the contact of his tong to the back of her ear shot 
her temperature to the top. Hyperventilating she grabs his hair and 
starts to tug on it. 

Back in the House.
"What do you think of the game?" Gray Fox
"God damn Giants, I can't believe this." Kiyone.
"Well I guess you having a good time." Sasami
"Tenchi lets do something, coming Ayeka?" Ryoko
"We can't Zero is still asleep." Tenchi
"Kiyone come in, please respond!!" Wrist communicator (The Chief)
"What is it?" Kiyone
"We have a situation, there is a war on planet Sentinel. The 
Jurai military is on the way but I don't think they can handle it. We 
need all the help we can get." The Chief
"Wait a second." Kiyone. She leaves and heads for the onsen.

Mihoshi is panting and yelling the name Sean. D Shade's (Real 
name is Sean) is driving into her with great force. Kiyone burst into 
the door.
"I don't even want to talk about it. Get dressed and come into 
the house." Kiyone

"Ok I'm back, I think we can help. Would it be alright if we bung 
some friends." Kiyone.
"Do you think we could help?" Gray Fox
"You guys have the powers of a Jurai space ship, we have Tenchi, 
Ayeka, Sasami, Ryoko, and the rest of you on our side. We can't lose." 
Washuu
"Kiyone you're living with Ryoko the space pirate? What the hell 
are you thinking!!!" Chief
"If you're all dead it won't matter, so let her help!" Tenchi
"Ok, but the Sentinels each have the power to destroy a Jurai 
battle ship." Chief
"Lets leave now, Zero is still sick and can't help us." Sasami
"Kiyone how long will it take to get there?" Gray Fox
"At the most 1 hour." Kiyone
"Have your forces pull back when we get there and stop the Jurai 
Military. Once we're there we can take care of the rest." Double S
"Are you crazy, 9 people against an entire planet? You'll all be 
killed." Chief
"We'll be fine just make sure that you clear the area, because 
things are going to get real bad." Gray Fox
(Explosion in the background) "Oh shit. damn it I don't care who 
you bring just get here as soon as possible!!!"
"We're on our way." Kiyone
"Are you sure we shouldn't bring Zero, I mean he is the strongest 
one of us. And from what I herd we'll need all the help we can get." 
Mihoshi
"He'll just be in the way if he's sick so lets not bother him." 
Double S
"What ever you need get it now, we may be there for a while." 
Kiyone
"I'll stay behind and watch your progress. I have some satellites 
posted around that region." Washuu

45 minuets later near planet Sentinel.
"Ok Chief have your forces pull back we'll take it from here." 
Gray Fox
"They are retreating as we speak, it's all up to you, good luck." 
Chief

15 minuets later they land on planet Sentinel. Kiyone passes out 
some earpieces. Washuu can you here me.
"Loud and clear, I'll pull up the planet on my computer, you have 
incoming about 250 meters away to your north.
Sasami stands out and looks over the horizon. "I can feel some 
powers, my god they're huge!!" Sasami
"Lets get ready." Gray Fox

The group of fighters stand ready to meat up with an army, they 
are confronted with 18 Sentinels. All the Sentinels are dressed in 
traditional Sayian battler armor. The earth starts to shake and rumble, 
the sentinels begin to build up their powers.
"Well there's no time like the present. LETS TURN UP THE HEAT!!!" 
Gray Fox 
"aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhggggggggggggggggggggg"!! 
Everyone.
The group from earth start to build up their powers, the three 
space fighters' hair begins to glow and stand on end and their bodies 
increase in size. Sasami, Kiyone, Tenchi, Mihoshi, Ayeka, and Ryoko 
draw their weapons and start to build their powers, their bodies glow 
and increase in size. 
"Here's a little information for you all. The Sentinels fight in 
a standard 18 person wave, if defeated enough times they increase the 
numbers in the waves." Washuu typing away at the computer.
"Thanks Washuu, is Zero still asleep?" Sasami
"Yes." Washuu
"We'll take two per person. Now lets get this party started 
right!!" Gray Fox

Gray Fox and Double S leap toward their selected two and begin 
the fight. Gray Fox run strait forward and slides under the Sentinel, 
he popes up and spin kicks him in the back. The Sentinel rolls around 
and slams Gray Fox in the ground, Double S and his two Sentinels fly 
into the air and begin throwing energy balls at each other. Kiyone and 
Mihoshi charge up energy balls and fire disintegrating two of the four. 
Ayeka and Ryoko combine their powers and whip out 3 fighters, but are 
then slammed face first into the ground. Tenchi lights up his sword and 
cuts off the arm of one. Sasami head's in to hand to hand combat with 
one while the other grabs her from behind, the first one runs toward 
her trying to shove a hand through her chest but she rips off two of 
the second ones arms and beats the first over the head with them.

"Everyone clear the area, I'm going to finish off them all. 
BLASTER CANON!" D Shade
"Check, clearing out." Everyone else
D Shade charges up his Blaster Canon and fires, 300 meters of 
space is blown up.
"Perfect aim all the remaining troops are gone. You've got to be 
kidding! Guys one time was good enough, they have increased their wave 
to 27." Washuu
"Thanks, this isn't going to be easy." Tenchi

Three Sentinels attack each fighter, they are holding them off 
the best they can but are loosing ground. Double S, D Shade, Gray Fox , 
Ryoko, and Tenchi are holding their own. Sasami is being punched and 
then tossed to the ground. Picking herself up she builds up some energy 
and grabs a rock, using the Inner Blast she throws the rock at the 
group closing in on Ayeka.
"You puny earthling is that all you got!"
"You're finished" Sasami lifting two fingers into the air. The 
rock explodes and wipes out 4 fighters.
Sasami turns back to her problems and is the victim of a mega 
blast, she falls to the ground and turns to see them walking closer to 
her.

Back on earth.
When the blast hit Sasami Zeros eyes sprang open. He immediately 
teleports to Washuus lab.
~"Where is Sasami Washuu?!"
"Um. I don't know!" 
"I want to know where she is!!!!"
"Really I don't know" fear creeping into her voice
"This is the last time I'm going to ask. She's injured and needs 
my help. Now tell me where she is or I'll break your neck!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 
Zero grabs Washuus shirt collar his eyes turning red.
"She and the others are on planet Sentinel fighting a battle 
against some strong enemies. I'll pull it on to the screen." Washuu's 
typing incredibly fast even for her. 
"Zero in on Sasamis signal right now and put her on the screen" 
The screen comes up and Sasami's being held and punched in the 
stomach.
"Damn it! What direction is Sentinel in?"
"Over there, but your still sick." Washuu pointing up and to the 
west.
"I'm fine, I'm coming Sasami." Zero teleports away

Back on Sentinel
A tear rolls down Sasamis cheek, the others can't get to her in 
time and she is helpless. All of a sudden one of the fighters is 
knocked to the ground, Sasami looks to her side and sees Zeros sword 
sticking out of the ground. Another tear rolls down her cheek and she 
begins to laugh.
"Earthling what is so funny." Sentinel 1
"I think she lost her mind, earthling are simple creatures. Well 
what do you have to say bitch." Sentinel 2
"Hahahaha, my boyfriend's back and you're going to be in 
trouble." Sasami with a smile.
"She's lost it." Sentinel 1
"No really she's right, you've hurt her and now your going to 
die." Zero floating above Sasami.

Zero lands in the ground and gives Sasami a hand, then he turns 
his attention to the Sentinels. Number one rushes and takes a swing at 
Zero his claw goes right through an image of him, the second tries an 
energy ball it also travels through him. Zero picks up his sword and 
hands it to Sasami she powers up and takes one slice, both of the 
Sentinels heads drop off and role onto the ground.
"Sasami I'm really angry at you."
"Why? I didn't want you to get hurt if you were sick."
"Never mind, I just don't want you to get hurt."
"I'll be fine go help Ayeka she needs some help badly."
"Ok, I'll be back."

Ayeka flies back and lands on her back, the Sentinel powers up an 
energy ball and lets it fly. Zero standing where he is teleports in 
front of the Sentinel and jams his fist into his chest so hard it flies 
through it, he grabs him and teleports next to Ayeka. Next Zero drops 
him and grabs Ayeka then teleports back to Sasami, the energy ball 
connects and the fighter disintegrates.
"Ayeka are you ok?" Zero and Sasami
"I'm fine, Zero when did you get here?" Ayeka
"Not too long ago. Where is Kiyone?" Zero
"She's near Yagami." Ayeka
"I need to get one of those earpieces, I'll be right back. Never 
mind, grad on to me." Zero, he teleports Ayeka and Sasami with him to 
the space ship.

At the ship Kiyone and Mihoshi are firing blast but aren't 
hitting the Sentinel's, they are getting closer and closer as the pre 
pare to fire at Kiyone and Mihoshi. All of a sudden two energy beams 
hit them, Gray Fox and Zero appear next to Yagami.

"Zero it's good to see that you're feeling better." Mihoshi
"Did Washuu tell you to come here?" Kiyone
"No. I had to threaten to break her neck to get here, anyway I 
need to get one of those earpieces." Zero
"Oh. ok here you go." Kiyone handing Zero an earpiece.
"Are you happy now, your on planet Sentinel. You didn't have to 
be so rough with me." Washuu over the earpiece.
"Well you could have told me before, and you all could have woken 
me up." Zero
"You were sick, we didn't want to chance you getting killed." 
Gray Fox
"Well thanks for the concern." Zero
"Oh shit, approximately 100 Sentinels are approaching" Washuu
"Damn it, every one please come to the ship at once!!!" Zero
"Were on our way." Everyone who is not there.
"Washuu are they all coming from the same direction?" Zero 
"Yes, their 900 meters north of where you are." Washuu.
"We herd the situation, what are we going to do about it"
"With a force that size none of us can do it alone, we only have 
one chance. Lets try the team blast." Zero
They all get into a line (Zero and Sasami in the middle Gray Fox 
and Kiyone on Zeros side. Mihoshi and D Shade are on Sasamis side, 
Ayeka and Ryoko are on the same side as Sasami, and Tenchi and Double S 
are on the same side as Zero). Zero, Sasami, Gray Fox, Double S, and D 
Shade cup their hands and move them to their side (Goku stance); Ayeka, 
Ryoko, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Tenchi raise their hands over their heads 
and put one hands behind the other (little Gohan stance). "Well it's 
time, are you ready?" Zero. "Ready!!" Everyone else, they chare up 
their powers as high as possible, the ground begins to rumble and rock 
are rising out of the ground.
"They are speeding up, now 200 meters away."
"Ok!!! NOW EVERYONE!!!!"
"Kaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaa" Every one, their bodies fill with energy as small beams of light 
form in their hands. 
"Aaaaahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaameeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehaaaaaaaaaaaaaa" They 
release the attack from their hands, the wave of energy form into one 
big ball, it hits and destroys them all, the beam of energy was so 
large it flew off the planet and dissipates in space.
"Ddddddddddaaaaaaaammmmmmmnnnnnnnnn! That was spectacular!" 
Washuu
"Did we get them all?" Kiyone
"Yes, and then some. The power of that blast finished off some of 
the back up troops." Washuu
"What the hell is going on down there, what was that?" Chief
"It's just us taking care of business." Gray Fox
"Incoming, incoming there is some one making their way toward 
you, his power level is above Zeros!" Washuu
"Are you kidding, can you get a picture of him?" Zero
"Yeah, I'll patch it into your sunglasses." Washuu
"What ever, your scanner can't be right. I'll finish him off." D 
Shade

D Shade leaps out toward the fighter; he tries a kick but is 
tossed to the ground. D Shade flips onto his feet and throws an energy 
ball, standing still the other fighter swats it out of the way with one 
hand. In a last ditch effort D Shade starts a 10-piece combo but is 
blasted away on the first hit. Mihoshi rushes out and catches him just 
as he hits the ground. 
"I must admit you're pretty strong." D Shade
"Are you ok?" Mihoshi
"I'll be fine." D Shade
"You puny Saiyan, you can't beat me!!" Mystery Fighter
"Maybe he can't but I can." Gray Fox 
"Gray Fox don't you leave my side" Kiyone
"I can take care of my self, don't worry" Gray Fox

Gray Fox steps forward, the fighter stops and waits for him to 
strike. Gray Fox begins to build up power his arms and legs begin to 
bulge as the force rushes into him. 
~"Let's see how strong you really are!! 
Aaaaaaaggggggggghhhhhhh!!" Gray Fox
"What ever you can dish out I can handle!!" Mystery Fighter
"Oh yeah, FINAL FLASH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Gray Fox 
sends a great beam of energy toward the fighter. The fighter raises one 
hand and holds the beam back being pushed back, he kneels down then 
rises up and sends the beam into space and hits a Jurian military ship. 
Gray Fox appears behind him and kicks him in the back, the fighter 
doesn't flinch and punches him in the stomach, the fighter is about to 
stomp on Gray Fox when he teleports back with the others.
"Damn that hurt, Double S your up." Gray Fox
"I'll give it my best shoot." Double S
"Will you just get it over with" Mystery Fighter
"Ok then, this is one that Gohan and Piccolo taught me and the 
other one I learned on my own. Gggggrrrrrrrraaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!" 
Double S raises two hands into the air and energy balls form in them. 
One was yellow the other was blue.
"What ever, can we just get this over with?" Mysterious Fighter
"Fine, MASASENKOU aaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!!!! CHAOS BEAM fire!!!!!" 
Double S.

The two balls travel toward their target and fuse together into 
one huge green ball, the ball connects and explodes into a huge red 
cloud. Out of the dust the Mystery Fighter flies out and flattens 
Double S with a kick to the head. He slides back and is picked up by 
Kiyone.
"Well this has been fun but I really need to kill you all so I'll 
let one more of you try your luck." Mystery Fighter
"Well then I'm up." Zero
"Zero don't go, please he's going to kill you." Sasami
"Well I don't have much choice, I can't let anything happen to 
you guys." Zero
~"Ah so you're the famous Zero Cool, do you remember me we have 
met before." Mystery Fighter.
"No I don't, where did we meet?" Zero
"You remember the Qui De Ta on your home planet, well I was the 
general, General Seth." Mystery Fighter.
"You son of a bitch!"
"I can say the same thing about you. Well since you're the last 
to fight me I'll give you a little incentive." The mystery fighter 
sticks his hand out and sends a super fast beam out. Zero and the 
others are stunned; the beam travels by Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Kiyone, 
Mihoshi, Zero, Double S, D Shade, and Gray Fox but hits its target. 
Sasami. She falls to the ground and doesn't move.
"Sasami!!!!!!!" all the others.
"I'll take her back to Washuu's lab." Zero. He picks her up and 
teleports back to the lab. Washuu is waiting and has some medical 
supplies ready.

~"Washuu is she going to be ok?" Zero
"Let me pull her stats up on the screen (five minuets later) um 
Zero."
"What is it, is she ok?"
"Well she um. just didn't make it." Washuu crying slightly.
"Ahhhh, damn you Seth, damn your eyes!!!!!!" Zero
"Where are you going? You shouldn't leave right now!" Washuu 
grabs Zeros arm, he turns around and pushes her back.
"Don't bother now, the others will be back in a minute." Zero 
teleports back to Sentinel

"My god I thought you weren't coming back, how is Sasami?" Kiyone
"She is . dead." Zero with his head held down trying not to cry 
but he couldn't hold back any longer.
"Your kidding, she cant' be dead." Tenchi
"My dear little sister, nnnnnnnnnnnnoooooooooooooooo!!!" Ayeka
"Zero are you alright?" Gray Fox. Gray Fox places a hand on 
Zeros' shoulder, Zero grabs his arm pulls it out ward and punches Gray 
Fox in the head, and knocks him out cold.
"Zero I know you angry, but you had no right to take it out on 
any of us!" Kiyone
"There is a reason I did that, when Gray Fox wakes up tell him 
I'm sorry, but for now all of you grab on to me." Zero
They all grab onto Zeros vest and he teleports them off of the 
planet.

Back at the house.
"You guys are back, good, Zero please don't leave." Washuu
"Don't any of you try to stop me!" Zero, walking toward the exit 
to Washuus lab.
"We have to try, your going to die trying to fight him alone." 
Ryoko standing in Zero's path. She come face-to-face wit him and 
notices his eyes glowing red.
"Ryoko it's no use trying to stop him now, just take care of 
yourself." Double S. Zero teleports out of the room and back to planet 
Sentinel.
"We can monitor his progress on the satellite." Washuu

Back on Sentinel

"Well your back I didn't expect to see you again." Seth
"You killed the one I loved, and your going to pay." Zero
"It's not the first time I've done something like that to you, 
you should be use to it by now." Seth
"I don't follow you." Zero
"I was the general remember, I was responsible for the whole 
thing. The destruction of your home planet, your friends, your mother, 
I killed them all."
"Then lets get down to business."

Seth runs forward and tries a kick but goes through an image, 
Zero reappears and tries a under cut (That's an upper cut but coming 
down ward) but also hits and image, Seth grabs his arm and slams Zero 
into the ground. Zero holds on and jams his knee into Seth's gut. Zero 
flies through the air and throws several energy balls but is diffused 
by Seth's. 
~"Well we seem to be evenly match." Zero
"Yeah, but I've been fighting at 5% Full power." Seth
"Don't hold back on my behalf, I'm going to kill you sooner or 
later."
"Then I'll turn up the notch a little. 
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!!!" 
The ground starts to rumble and the earth caves in around him 
(Seth) as a huge increase of energy comes, Zero is trying to hold his 
balance but is loosing ground quickly and floats into the air. One huge 
shock wave is thrown from Seth's body and knocks Zero back to the 
ground.
"Are you ready, I'm at 100% if you want to leave, leave now. Just 
like you left your mother to die that day."
"Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh! I swear I'm going to kill you before the 
day is over."

Zero takes one step but is flattened by an elbow to the stomach. 
He drops to his knees and is kicked high into the air; Seth appears 
behind him and gives him a sledgehammer in the back (sledgehammer- lock 
your hands together raise them above your head then strike with hands 
still locked). 

Back on earth.
"Shit that was really bad, his energy level is going down fast." 
Washuu
"Washuu can he win?" Tenchi
"Yea, and why did he knock out Gray Fox?" Kiyone. Who is rubbing 
the still unconscious Gray Fox's head. 
"Well Tenchi I really doubt that he can pull through now, that 
Seth guy has him outmatched in all qualities. And I finally figured out 
why he hit Gray Fox." Washuu
"Well tell us then, he really hit him hard. It's good that Double 
S pulled me out of his way, or else I be like Gray Fox." Ryoko
"He would not have hit you Ryoko and I want you to guess why." 
Washuu
"We don't have time." Tenchi
"Ok then. It really makes a lot of since when you think about it. 
Zero taught Gray Fox and Sasami a lot of his moves but there was one 
that would have caused him some problems during the fight." Washuu
"Which one" Mihoshi
"The Instant Transmission." D Shade interrupts Washuu
"Oh I get it, Zero can't use his full power with the rest of us 
around and when he brought us back here Gray Fox would have went back 
to Sentinel and got in his way." Ayeka
"That's correct, so to keep that from happening he eliminated the 
problem." Washuu
"Well it doesn't seem to make a difference, he's still getting 
beat really bad." Ryoko
"Who's getting beat really bad?" Sasami
"Sasami?" Everyone
"I through you were dead! Not to say I'm not happy to see you 
alive." Tenchi 
"I'm fused with Tsunami remember, it's kinda hard to kill me." 
Sasami
"Anyway Zero is getting killed out there!" Ryoko
"What!?" Sasami
"He's still out there fighting." Double S
"Why didn't you try to stop him!?" Sasami
"Look what he did to Gray Fox" Ryoko.
"But that was so no one could come and get him." Washuu
"He did that, ouch!" Sasami
"The reason he's still fighting is because he thinks your dead." 
Tenchi
"Really." Sasami
"Oh man, look he's still going, man he's going to feel that 
tomorrow." Ryoko

Back on Sentinel.
Zero's being swung around by his feet and is driven into the side 
of a mountain. 
"This is fun, if your energy gets any lower I may mistake you for 
the girl I just killed." 
"That's it, that was the last straw. I can't take it any more, I 
just can't win . I . I give up."
"Well your no fun, I'll make it quick." Seth slowly walking 
toward Zero.

~* Well, I can't believe it ends like this. * Zero 
*I can't believe you'll give up like that. * Goku talking through 
his mind.
*Goku is that you? *
*Yea it's me. Listen I've faced guys like that before, you can't 
hold anything back. Have you done what I told you in a situation like 
this? *
*Yes I've cleared the area of anyone I want to stay alive. It's 
just him and me. *
*Then what's the problem? Don't hold back, I can feel your anger 
let it go. *
"* Thanks Goku needed to talk to you. *" Zero speaking through 
his mind and out loud.
"Ok people it's official he has lost his damn mind" Seth
"Now you're going to get it. Sasami, Mother, my friends, my home, 
I'll avenge them all. Ggggggggggrrrrrrrraaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!" Zero. He 
begins to scream and a new power rushes to him. His hair turns gold 
gets longer and moves onto little triangular strips, his body increases 
in size and a golden glow covers him from head to tow.

Back on earth.
"What is happening to him?" Sasami
"I think he's transforming." Washuu
"He's turning into a level 2 Super Sayian." Double S
"His power is moving up but it's still not enough, Seth still has 
a big advantage." Washuu 

Back on Sentinel.
"My god what are you?" Seth
"My power still isn't enough. I'm still holding back, 
aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh!!"
Zero raises his hands and starts concentrating all of his power. 
All of a sudden he changes again, His hair gets three times longer and 
starts to slope down his back, he increases in height and looses his 
eyebrows his eyes are glowing green.
"Hehehehe are you afraid yet? If not, don't worry I'm still 
going."
"No stop that's enough!!"
"You killed the ones I loved you destroyed everything and now 
your going to pay."
Zero raises his head, and sees the turning point of the entire 
match, a full moon. At the sight of the moon he changes once again into 
a raging ape like beast.

Back on earth.
"Oooook, now can the rest of you do that?" Kiyone
"Yep, we don't' have the Sayian tail but still have the power to 
change into the Oozaru (huge man ape)." D Shade
"When we change into that our power increases 10 fold." Double S
"Wow. can Zero win now?" Sasami
"He could have won in his third transformation. There is 
something up?" Washuu
"Washuu do a scan of the entire plant." D Shade
"What are you looking for in particular?" Washuu
"The inhabitants of the planet." D Shade
"Oh I see where your going with this." Double S
"Pardon me if I'm just a little lost." Kiyone
"Done, this planet is the home to the entire Sentinel species. 
That would explain why they call it Sentinel" Washuu
"What are the Sentinel's?" Sasami
"As we all found out today, they are a race of super strong 
aliens that live only for destruction." Washuu
"Well then it makes since." D Shade 
"What makes since?" Washuu
"Get a satellite scan around the out side of the planet." Double 
S
"Ok, Scanning, and here we go. My god. what the hell is 
that!!!!!!!??" Washuu
"There it is. the Spirit Bomb." Gray Fox
"Gray Fox your awake, I through Zero knocked you into a coma." 
Kiyone
"Just what is the Spirit Bomb?" Washuu
"It's a mega ball of energy that is only capable of destroying 
anything evil. That and an entire planet." Gray Fox
"He wouldn't." Ayeka
"He thinks Sasami is Dead, and he not going to stop until the job 
is done. He will destroy the entire thing." Gray Fox
"Yea, like you Ryoko. What would you do if you through he killed 
Tenchi." D Shade
"I see what you mean. Oh well, say good bye to Sentinel" Ryoko
"And Zero also." D Shade
"What do you mean?" Sasami
"To him your dead, and for him there would be no use continuing 
life." Gray Fox
"Well can't you go and get him, I can't bear to lose him." Sasami
"I can't, I don't have enough power now to use the Instant 
Transmission. And when the planet goes, so dose the air, and then 
that's the end." Gray Fox
"It. can't. end. like (sniff, sniff) this." Sasami crying on 
Tenchi's shoulder.
"It's ok, Sasami, it's ok" Tenchi

Back on Sentinel.
"It's almost done." Golden Oozaru Zero
"What, what are you?"
"Here it comes, aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaagggggg" Zero, roars 
as his body begins to shrink into the last transformation. Zero appears 
with no shirt, red fur covering his body, and his hair even longer but 
is now black again.
"You can't beat me, I'm Seth the invincible." Seth

 Back on earth.
 Washuu is looking over the data the she took from Zero.
"This data never even hinted that he could control that much 
power." Washuu
"What is the up there, it has the name Prophecy." Kiyone
"Just some things he said while I was taking the data. Kiyone 
you're a genius." Washuu
"Ah, thanks but why." Kiyone
"That was the key the entire time. The Prophecy has come true." 
Washuu
"What do you mean?" Sasami
"Read this. See what I mean." Washuu
"Yeah I understand, so there is still a way to save him." Sasami
"Right, but lets wait until he lets the bomb go." Washuu
"Who the hell is that?" Ayeka looking over at the monitor
"It's Zero, in the last form." Gray Fox
"That is more than enough power to wipe out the planet Jurai, 
What is the thinking." Ayeka
"Well I must admit what ever Zero dose he's vary efficient, and 
if he's going to destroy the planet, he's going to make damn sure there 
is nothing left." Gray Fox

Back on Sentinel
Seth rushes Zero once again and connects with a strong punch to 
the body; Zero looks over to him and knocks him to the ground with a 
telekinetic blast.
"My how the tables have turned." Zero
"Your nothing, I can crush you like an ant."
"It so then why are you shaking? Is it because I'm not as 
careless as you?"
"What do you mean?"
"I mean I'm not going to give you a chance to get away, like the 
one you gave me. You've pushed me too far and now your going to get 
what you deserved."
"No, please don't!"
"Aren't those the same words that came out of my mouth when you 
had your sword up to my mother's neck? Didn't I cry for you to let her 
go, to take me instead?"
"You were just a punk kid how was I to know that this would 
happen?"
"Well it's over now, I can't hold this form for vary long and if 
you can sense powers you can feel the energy ball above our heads, 
you're going to die along with this planet."
"Your too good, you don't have what it takes to destroy a planet 
full of living things."
"Ah yes it's done (Zero just finished the Spirit Bomb). Yeah 
right, like I really give a damn about you and this god-forsaken 
planet. Since I have know were else to go, after you killed my girl 
friend, I'll give you some company on your way to hell."
"Um. would it help if I said I was sorry?"
"Are you kidding!!? (Zero Back Fists Seth) Happy trails. Kaioken 
times 70!!!"

Energy erupts everwhere and the power rages through Zero into the 
Spirit Bomb. With all the power of the Super Sayian 4 and the 70 times 
Kaioken fused into the Bomb Zero slams his hands down, in the outer 
atmosphere the giant ball of energy slowly begins to descend onto the 
planet.

Back on earth.
"Washuu if were going to do something the we must do it now, 
there is know time to lose." Sasami
"I don't know what to do Sasami, I mean if it were Ryoko I could 
open up a telepathic link but none of us have a link with Zero." Washuu
"Gray Fox don't you have a link with Zero?" Sasami
"No, I only have a link with Double S"
"There has to be something we can do, don't we have any Sensue 
Beans left?" Kiyone
"No, we used the last ones before we started to fight." Tenchi
"Washuu, how long until the ball hit's the planet?" D Shade
"About 100 seconds." Washuu

(Well it's back to Sentinel. You know I should be getting some 
frequent flyer mileage for this.) 20 seconds before the ball hits

"Well, do you have any last words?" Zero
"Well if I'm going to go I'll at least take you with me."
Be ball connects on Seth driving him deep into the ground.
"I'm on my way Sasami!!! I'm coming to join you in death."
*Don't you leave me Zero!!!!!* Sasami final connects with Zero 
through a telepathic link.
*Sasami? Are you alive? * Zero
*Yes I'm alive and I want you with me, please come home now! *
*I'm on my way. *

Zero looks up and sees a huge shock wave coming strait for him. 
Not concentrating at all he teleports back to earth, but brings 10 
square yards of space around him with him. Zero appears 2 miles away 
from the Misaki house, the shockwave hits.
"Hey guys I can feel Zeros power, lets go outside and meat him." 
Gray Fox
"(Outside now) I can't see him but he's coming in fast, we can 
get a better look if were flying above." Double S, The group floats 
into the air searching for their friend.
"What in the name of." Tenchi
Tenchi looks into the forest and sees a path being cleared, there 
is something moving with great speed in the forest. The figure is 
sliding on the ground, it hit's the pond dives under one side, slams 
into the other side pops up out of the water, hits the ground rolls 
over a few times and lands on the Misaki door step.
"Well Zero is back. I think." Washuu
"It's him, I know it for sure. But he's not getting up, I think 
he's hurt." Sasami
"Quick lets get him into the medical ward." Washuu

Three hours later.
"Ugh. what a shitty week." Zero, who is back in regular Sayian 
form and regaining consciousness.
"Zero your ok, never leave me again." Sasami crying on his 
shoulder.
"Trust me, I'm not going to leave your side." Zero
"Well, well, well, you made it out alive, good work." Washuu
"I swear I've never seen you that mad before, I through you were 
going to blow up the universe." Gray Fox
"Hey, I'm efficient, I'm not crazy. That would be going way too 
far, sure I'd be dead also but I still wouldn't be able to forgive 
myself." Zero
"I tell you this is something else, Washuu made a tape of 
Sentinel blowing up. It is the best show I'd ever seen, I mean normally 
I'd hate to see a planet blow up but that was well worth it." Ryoko
"Zero the planet of Jurai called, they want to give you a medal 
for your performance." Ayeka
"Forget it, I'm not going to accept it." Zero
"Why not, well all be there cheering for you." Sasami
"I don't deserve it, I would have killed myself along with the 
planet if it weren't for you Sasami. Besides you all held them off and 
took care of most of them, you deserver it, all of you." Zero
"Well thanks, by the way the Chief also called, he wants to make 
you an official Galaxy Police Star Officer." Kiyone
"I'm flattered but he has to find some one else, and I know just 
the ones to do the job." Zero
"You mean. us." Mihoshi
"That's right, it's not like he can refuse, I never would have 
come if it weren't for you two." Zero
"Tell me were you really that pissed, that you took out an entire 
planet, the moon and all three suns." Tenchi
"Well I didn't do that for no reason." Zero
"Oh yeah, Zero about that match against you, forget it." Ryoko.
"Hey, hey, hey I'd never use that much power on any of you, 
unless you made me do something drastic." Zero
Ring, ring, ring, ring.
"Hello, Misaki residence, Tenchi Misaki Speaking" Tenchi
"Yes, hello, this is the Galaxy Police Chief, is that young man 
awake yet?" Chief on a videophone.
"Am I the one your looking for?" Zero
"Is your name Zero Cool?" Chief
"That's me, what can I do for you?" Zero
"Well did you consider the offer I made?" Chief
"Yes is did, and I decline. But you can do me a favor, these two 
are the best GPOs you can get a hold of, why not promote them?" Zero
"Consider it done and good work clearing up that mess out there." 
Chief, hanging up the phone.
"Thanks Zero, you the best." Mihoshi giving him a huge bear hug.
"Ouch, ouch, bruised ribs, right Washuu." Zero recoiling from 
Mihoshi.
"That's not the only thing, you're lucky to be alive. I mean the 
shock wave was bad enough knock you out and back to your regular Sayian 
form. Then there was the 2 mile slide through the forest where you 
knocked over approximately 203 trees, and thanks to you the pond is now 
50 feet deeper." Washuu
"Well thank you for making me feel better Washuu, what else it 
there?" Zero
"You have 3 bruised ribs, a dislocated shoulder, and a slight 
concussion but other that the forest is up for the most healing." 
Washuu
"Hey Kiyone, how do we explain that we lost Yagami?" Mihoshi
"Well Zero can take the rap for that one, he did blow it up." 
Kiyone
"Don't worry, it's back where I left it, 2 miles from here." Zero
"You're a life savor, thanks again." Kiyone
"Think nothing of it. Well Sasami and I have some catching up to 
do, so I'll see you all later." Zero grabs Sasami's hand and they start 
walking out the door.
"Hey!! No sex until your shoulder is better!" Washuu
"Ok then." Zero turns his body and smashes his shoulder into the 
wall. "Well it's fixed I'll see you later." Zero
"Well I guess you and I also have some catching up to do Washuu." 
Double S
"I'll say this to you all because you're my friends. (Martin 
style) GET THE HELL OUT!! We can talk later but gets the stepin!!" 
Washuu
Outside of the lab "Hey lets finish what we started earlier." 
Mihoshi running a finger across D Shade chest.
"Where to, the onsen?" D Shade
"Nope, my room" Mihoshi, walking up stares motioning for him to 
follow.
"Well those two really hit it off, lets chat down by the lake." 
Gray Fox
"What ever you want." Kiyone
"I'm going to take a nap on the couch you two can watch your soap 
operas, while I'm there." Tenchi
"Perfect timing, I'll get some snacks you can make your selves 
comfortable." Ryoko

Ryoko leaves for the kitchen and Tenchi lays back in a reclining 
chair, slowly he drifts off to sleep. Ayeka strolls over and has a seat 
on his lap and kisses him quickly wakening him up. She begins to 
unbutton his shirt and rub his bare chest with her hands.
"Uh. Ayeka you have a bruise on your neck, let me kiss it and 
make it better." Tenchi lifting his head to meet Ayeka's. She lets out 
a soft moan as he presses his lips up against the back of her neck. He 
reaches behind her and starts to slide her shirt over her head; he 
tosses it aside and leads kisses down to her bra. All of a sudden Ryoko 
walks in.
"Tenchi, Ayeka!" Ryoko with a tray full of strawberries and a 
very large bowl of whipped cream.
"Ryoko you did say to make yourselves comfortable." Ayeka
"I know, but you should have waited for me." Ryoko, making her 
way toward Tenchi in a sexy way.
"I'm sure you two can come to some sort of agreement." Tenchi, 
putting an arm around Ayeka and Ryoko.

(These characters I really don't care too much about but to make 
sure that every one who reads this is happy I stuck this in also. 
Enjoy)
Ayeka picks up a strawberry dips it in the whipped cream and lets 
Ryoko take a bite out of it. Tenchi kisses Ryoko messing around with 
the strawberry with his tong; Ayeka slides behind Ryoko and leads 
kisses around her neck. She grabs the zipper to Ryoko's dress and 
slides it down.
"Are you enjoying yourself Tenchi?" Ryoko, lifting his shirt over 
his head and depositing it in on the floor.

Tenchi begins to lose his balance and grabs hold of Ryokos waist 
pulling her down to top of him. She lands on the hard spot in Tenchi's 
pants. She gives a slight moan moving back and forth on the spot. Ayeka 
removes the cloths she has on and sets beside Tenchi. Ryoko removes 
Tenchi's pants and boxers, she could tell that he was very excited. 
Ayeka positions herself on Tenchi's stomach and faces Ryoko, Ryoko sets 
up and begins to kiss Ayeka moving her tong around in her mouth. Tenchi 
raises his hands up to Ayekas chest and rubs her breads twisting the 
nipples with his fingers. A wave of pleasure curses through her as he 
plays with her nipples, Ryoko settles her on Tenchi's member and she 
starts to ride him back and forth. Ayeka is panting and moaning as his 
still member pulses inside her, she takes two of her fingers and slides 
them into Ryoko moving them in and out at a breakneck speed.
"Tenchi harder please. I need more." Ayeka
"Ayeka go deeper. your not there yet. I want more." Ryoko
Tenchi sets up and kisses Ryoko keeping her screams down to a 
whimper, Ayeka is pounding onto Tenchi harder than before and is on the 
verge if making him cum, she raises herself up comes down on him one 
good time and he cums right on queue. Ayeka droops down as Tenchi 
shoots his load into her. Ryoko Removes her from Tenchi and teleports 
her to her room, she finds Zero and Sasami talking quietly.
"Hey I through you two were going to. you know." Ryoko
"Were talking, why is Ayeka like that?" Sasami
"Why are you two in her room?" Ryoko
"We figured that some one was going to come barging in so we came 
in here to talk." Zero
"Ok well. Ayeka, Tenchi and I were having a little fun but I 
think he got the better of her, well be good you two." Ryoko, 
teleporting back to Tenchi

"Ryoko will Ayeka be ok?" Tenchi
"She'll be fine, but you and I are still going" Ryoko says 
pouncing onto Tenchi's member with a loud thud.
"Hey don't be so rough." Tenchi says, moving his hands to her 
waist and settling her on his once again hard member.	
Tenchi begins to move her up and down, her breast swaying in with 
the monition. She is panting and screaming once again, moving her hands 
on his waist for support. He grabs her shoulders and turns her over 
onto her back and opens her legs. She blushes slightly and turns her 
head away; Tenchi turns her head to face him and kisses her with deep 
passion. Ryoko lays her hands back and lets Tenchi take command, he 
moves his lips up and down her body, giving her the same affect it gave 
Ayeka. 
(I kind of figured that I was no good at this but practice makes 
perfect.)

Ryoko wraps her arms around him drawing him in closer as he 
pounds into her going back and forth. She is in heaven and is hoping 
that it will never end, that her lover can go on forever, Tenchi on the 
other hand is about to explode into Ryoko. He pins her shoulders down 
and begins the drive into her harder than before, it wasn't long before 
he had injected his seed into her; Ryokos body falls limp for a second 
as Tenchi releases her from his grip.
~"Ryoko. Ryoko, are you in there?" Tenchi, handing her a glass of 
water.
"My god Tenchi, that was incredible."
"Well I guess that you enjoyed yourself." He says sarcastically
"Could it have been any better my love?" Ryoko
"Yeah. if you didn't scream in my ear." Ryoko turns and hits him 
in the arm. "Hey I was just kidding, it was fabulous."

Back in Sasami's room.
"Zero are you sure that your ok?"
"Yeah I'll be fine once all my strength returns."
"Good, tell me. why didn't you accept the GPO position?"
"Well I thought you didn't want me to, and Kiyone and Mihoshi 
never get a break, they deserve this one."
"That was nice of you though, almost too nice. Are you sure your 
ok?"
"I'm just fine. here we go" Zero changes into his Super Sayian 
form.
"Well I guess you're felling better. I think you should take the 
job."
"Why, I'd miss you too much. Besides the fact that they would 
send me on suicide missions."
"Well you have favor with the GP and the planet of Jurai. You can 
have your selves assigned to patrol the solar system."
"I think that would work, ok I'll do it."

Later that day after all the moaning and screaming died down from 
everyone but Sasami, Zero, Gray Fox, and Kiyone having sex the sat down 
at the table for diner.
"Hey Kiyone can I ask you something?" Zero
"Sure go right ahead." Kiyone
"Would you mind if I accepted the GP job but patrolled the solar 
system with you?" Zero
"I think so, you'll have to check with the Chief and planet Jurai 
but I don't see a problem, they all like you anyway." Kiyone
"That great, Gray Fox and D Shade have decided to become officers 
also. Were all going to be patrolling the same region." Mihoshi
"I'm sure that you three will make great GPOs" Ayeka
"Well if we have to deal with criminals like Ryoko it wont be 
easy, no offence Ryoko." Gray Fox
"None take, I take pride in the fact that you all see a worth 
opponent in me." Ryoko
"Just don't turn back to a life of crime you slut." Ayeka
"Who are you calling a slut, you royal bitching pain the ass." 
Ryoko
"Hey, you too either be good or go to your room." Tenchi
"Fine" Both Ayeka and Ryoko
"Well Ayeka is right Ryoko, if you do go back to crime well be 
the first ones that the GP call." Zero
"But you wouldn't hurt me would you?" Ryoko
"Hey I'm not going to make any promises but I won't be coming for 
you." Zero
Dinner continues on in it's normal fashion, Tenchi send Ayeka to 
her room for throwing a glass at Ryoko. Zero, Sasami, Gray Fox, and 
Kiyone go for a moonlight walk. Washuu is reviewing the tape of the 
fight between Zero and Seth, Double S is in the training room. Mihoshi 
and D Shade are watching Chris Rock on Comedy central, and Ryoko is 
sleeping with Tenchi and Ayeka.

Epilog. Two weeks later
It's just the main characters.

ZERO COOL a.k.a. Brian- Joins the GP is immediately promoted to 
the top but chooses to say behind and patrol the solar system, he is 
also the commander of the Zero Squad. Which is an elite team of police 
consisting of Zero, Gray Fox, Kiyone, Mihoshi and D Shade, the team 
works with the GP and Planet of Jurai. Two weeks into service he and 
the others were called to respond to a terrorist attack on the planet 
Jurai in the royal palace, Zero was suspended from duty for 2 days for 
sending the leader to the next dimension after he spat on Sasami who 
was in the building.

SASAMI - Still is love and lover of Zero, makes a hobby of 
cooking. She also wanted to join the GP but was denied, she thinks that 
Zero had something to do with it but never confronted him about it. She 
figured that they didn't want a princess of the planet of Jurai getting 
hurt. She feels that Zero is lonely in the ship with the couples of 
Gray Fox and Kiyone and D Shade and Mihoshi.

GRAY FOX a.k.a. Robert- Enjoys spending time with Kiyone and 
being alone. Is still the right hand man of Zero cool, and is 3rd in 
command for the Zero Squad. He also got on great terms with the GP and 
planet Jurai.

KIYONE - Was appointed 2nd in command of the Zero Squad by Zero. 
Also in love with Gray Fox is still the brightest star in the GP not 
even Zero can take that honor. She doesn't feel as bad anymore now that 
she has some one to talk to beside Mihoshi.

D SHADE - Is in love with Mihoshi and is always hanging around 
her. With his knowledge of space he has the job of navigating Yagami.

MIHOSHI - Is still as clue less as ever but has a guy to hold on 
to so it's not as bad. She is able to keep out of Kiyones hair and stay 
out of trouble and even seems to be getting smarter.

TENCHI - Still stays around the house doing chores and training 
in the time chamber with Yosho. Even though it's hard for him to 
believe, he has become bed buddies with Ryoko and Ayeka.

AYEKA - Still insist that she is the only one for Tenchi and 
refuses to let Ryoko be alone with him. She has resorted to some of 
Ryokos methods of getting Tenchi.

RYOKO - Decided to stay out of the pirate business given a fair 
warning by Zero and the others. Still has a knack for getting under 
Ayeka's skin with Tenchi at her side.

WASHUU - Was in her lab for an entire week trying to figure out 
the source of Zeros power but that was a mystery that even she couldn't 
solve. After giving up on him she went back to trying to make Tenchi 
use the light hawk wings.

DOUBLE S - Is still the lover of Washuu, he helps around the 
shrine, trains Tenchi, and helps in the field. Every once and a wile 
Zero calls him if they need a little extra power. He also works with 
Washuu as a guinea pig, trying to find the source of Zeros power.

Hey tell me what you think good or bad, I take all types of 
criticism. If you have any questions feel free to ask, I'll get back to 
you with in the next 12 hours.
