( ) = Actions or  Narrator, me, Zero Cool, BMScaife@aol 
Category: Lemon / Crossover. This story has just a little DBZ. You know 
the deal there is some violence, sexual content, and language. but if 
you have read my last two then you should know about it. 
Sake= cheep word for strong wine or beer.
*= Thinking
~ = Talk between two people	
FB= flash back
Onsen= Dimensional Bathroom


Aside from my normal Introduction I'd like to take the time out to 
thank my many (2) fans that e-mail me their reviews. 

If you have any questions or comments about my story feel free to e-
mail me, my address is at the top of the page and right before you look 
at the story. And please enjoy.

Note: First of all this is not the Zero the computer, it's Zero Cool, 
ME.
Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi or any of the other character, they are 
property of AIC and Pioneer so don't I repeat please do not sue me (I 
have no money so it would be futile). This story is just for fun. Also 
I got some ideas and terminology (I'm not sure of the meaning) from 
some of the other Lemon Fan Fics I hope you don't mind. Just want to 
let you know.

The Newcomers 3 (Zeros Brother)

Our story starts rather abruptly. Zero is standing alone looking 
strait at the pair of Sasami and his brother. A black aurora surrounds 
is body and his energy builds 20 fold.
*I can't believe this shit. my own brother is kissing my 
girlfriend." Zero, standing there with a look of utter rage in his eye. 
(Clutching the small black box in his hand)
"My god Zero. it isn't what it looks like. I was just standing 
here then (he) kissed me." Sasami
"Brian calm dow." (Brother)
"I throughout I told you guys never to call me that especially 
not you!!" Zero, with a tear in the side of his eye.
"Ok sorry. Zero I'm sorry. I really didn't know. I just got here" 
(Brother)
"How in the hell can you stare me in the face and lie to me like 
that, you've been living here for 3 months!!!!"
* Great now that he's out of the way she is all mine. * 

FB
The Zero Squad has just been informed that a band of Ultra Class 
Space Pirates has just robbed the Jurian First Universal Bank. Zero has 
decided to call Double S for some reinforcements.

"Ryoko are you sure that they are that strong?" Zero, on 
videophone.
"Yeah I use to work with the leader. we have the same powers, and 
the guys that we worked with were just as strong."
"In the briefing it was stated that they're at least 20 guys 
working at once." Kiyone
"The gang consist of around 50 members, 30 men, and 20 women. Hey 
don't look at me like that I'm not in the pirate business but I still 
keep in touch with the old friends." Ryoko
"Ok, ok just remember we gave you a fair warning." Zero, who is 
looking over Ryoko's files.
"Hey those guys screwed me on a deal. if you needed any of them 
identified come and get me." Ryoko
"Will do Ryoko." Mishoshi
"Ryoko is that Zero you're talking to?" Sasami, in the kitchen.
"Yeah he's there. here. aw you know what I mean." Ryoko	
"Zero honey how is it going?" Sasami
"Fine now that I can talk to you for a while." Zero
"Well aren't you sweet, you'll get a special treat when you get 
back." Sasami
"I'm looking forward to it." Zero
"Commander Zero, have you found the pirates hideout yet?" Chief, 
coming in the corner of the screen.
"Not yet, Ryoko do you know where it could be?" D Shade
"Yeah, your close, when you get into range your transmission 
equipment will start acting up. it's. if you... now..........."Ryoko
"It's just a hunch but I think were here." Double S
"I think you right, Mihosi try and restore transmissions, Kiyone 
scan the outside for other ships. I'll scan for advanced power levels." 
Zero
"Zero transmissions are not responding." Mihoshi
"I can't pick up anything on the outside scanner." D Shade
"So basically were death except for the high level of energy 
around us." Zero
"Which direction should we head in?" Kiyone
"We stay here, their coming to us so there's nothing to move 
for." Zero

All of a sudden there was a loud rumble and a crash. Zero and the 
other were knocked unconscious and taken abroad the other ship. Zero 
was the last to wake up and found that they were chained up.

"Ok jackass who are you?" Guard1
"Ugh. my head. who me." Zero
"Yes you stupid" Guard2
"Haha. I'm commander Zero Cool of the Zero Squad." Zero spoke
"You're the leader of the Zero Squad yeah right! I herd that he 
was an unbeatable fighter and that his crew was just as tough."
"You Herd Right" Gray Fox. He and Zero look at each other then 
teleport away.
"What happen to them?" Guard1
"I really, really hope you have a high tolerance for pain." 
Kiyone

Zero and Gray fox appear behind guards and break their necks. 
Kiyone, Mihoshi, and D shade rip the chains out of the wall. Another 
wave of guards comes to stop them form getting away. Kiyone and the 
others power up and attack. Mihoshi grabs one guard and slips backward 
sending him into 3 others. Kiyone grabs one of the females and 
Kamahamehas her into one of the cells. 

"Hey nice shot honey." Gray Fox, kicking the feet out from under 
a guard and then jamming his knee into his chest.
"I think the control room is this way." Zero, walking steadily 
down the hall dragging a guard behind him.
"What's with the guy." D Shade
"Well it will be easier to get around the with the palm codes and 
he has them, will you shut the hell up!!! (Slapping him in the back of 
the head)." Zero 
"You can make it easier and just kill him." Double S
"Can't, the code won't go through with out a pulse." Zero, 
shoving the guards hand onto the scan pad.
"Hand print accepted, you may pass." Computer program
"You can at least knock him out." Kiyone
"Well we don't need him now that were in the control room." Zero, 
kicking the guard in the chest.

The leader of the pirates steps forward. He has a look of utter 
rage in his eyes. Holding an energy blade in his hand.
"I swear you are the most persistent bitch I have ever known." 
Leader, looking directly at Kiyone.
*My god, man did he just fuck up* Zero shaking his head.
"Gray Fox would you like to do the honors, or may I?" Kiyone
"Oh alright but make it quick." Gray Fox, in a flash Kiyone is 
gone and behind the leader with a blaster to his head.
"In the name of the Galaxy Police and the Zero Squad I place you 
under arrest. From this point on any suspicious move you make will 
result in having you head knocked off. You have the right to an 
attorney though I'm sure you can afford one (kicking the leader onto 
the floor). You have the right to remain silent about anything that 
will incriminate you, but you going to jail so it won't matter (back 
fist the leader in the mouth)." Kiyone
"Zero can she be charged with police brutality?" Mihoshi
"I don't see a thing, do you guys see anything." Zero, lowering 
his sunglasses over his eyes.
"Do you understand your rights!!??" Kiyone, resting her fist in 
his gut.
"Uh yes. yes I do" leader.

20 minuets later all of the pirates that are still alive are 
rounded up and are being towed toward Head Quarts by Yagami. All of a 
sudden the ship stops, Zero looks down at the control panel and see the 
fuel gage at E.
"MIHOSHI I TOLD YOU, I TOLD YOU TO MAKE SURE THAT THE SHIP HAD 
ENOUGH FUEL BEFORE WE LEFT!!!!!!!!" Zero slowly making his way toward 
her.
"Zero please don't. I'm sorry. I forgot. I was tired. um someone 
help." Mihoshi, quivering in fear.
"You. you. you. ggggggggerrrrrrrrrrrre" Zero, a black aurora 
surrounds his body, and then disappears.

All of a sudden the sensors in the ship go off. A small beeping 
noise is steadily getting louder and faster. Zero falls to one knee and 
holds his head screaming in pain. His screams die down as a howling 
ship appears on the screen.

"Zero, Zero are you ok?!" Kiyone
"Where did that ship come from." Zero, regaining his composer.
"There is no data on that ship, it came from out of no where." D 
Shade
"Never mind, I know the owner of the ship." Zero, narrowing his 
eyes.
"How? Who is it?" Mihoshi
"Koran. he's my half brother." Zero
"I throughout that Seth killed everyone from you home planet." 
Kiyone
"No. (sighs) he was gone at the time. Off visiting one of his 
girl friends. He came back and found that the plant was destroyed. We 
got into a big fight and parted ways." Zero, opening his eyes.
"So. um. who won?" Mihoshi. Zero looks over and gives her a stare 
that could freeze a volcano.
"Who do you think?" Zero "I only lost one battle and that was to 
Seth."
"Zero cool down." Gray Fox
"Are you making fun of me?" Zero, his eyes shifting to red.
"Zero you need a vacation, you've been working nonstop for 3 
months." Kiyone
"Yeah your right, I'm leaving right now. Tell the office that 
I'll send the report later." Teleporting away.
"Ok. um. oh never mind, back to the other ship." Mihoshi
"Hello this is Koran from the ship Prima, may I ask what the year 
is?"
"This is officer Kiyone of the Galaxy Police and Zero Squad, the 
year is 3057." Kiyone, taking a look at the half brother.
"Wow you Zero's brother, you're cute." Mihoshi
"Uh Mihoshi. honey I'm still in the room." D Shade giving her a 
stern look.
"Hey do you know Zero, um. err Brian." Koran
"Yeah he's our team leader" Double S
"Koran come with us he's probably at home. no wait we're out of 
gas." Gray Fox.
"The transmission system has been restored, we can call a gas 
tanker then head quarters and just head home."


Three hours later Yagami is touching down in the lake, Koran 
appears under Prima. Kiyone and the others are standing on the dock. 
The group starts on their way to the house but is confronted by a dark 
figure leaning against a tree. In an instant the figure is gone and 
Koran is on one knee.

"I said I never wanted to see your face again." Zero, with his 
sword drawn.
"Yeah that's the Brian I know, feared by all, the same one that 
got his ass kicked by Seth and let our mother die." Koran, he stands up 
but is then knocked onto his back in return for his statement.
"She wouldn't have died if you were there to help protect her, I 
almost lost my life fighting once. oh yeah and the name is Zero." Zero, 
teleporting away.
"He's gotten stronger, his kick never use to hurt like that." 
Koran
"What is the deal between him and you?" Kiyone
"Gray Fox knows the story better than I could tell it." Koran
"It was a while in the future, the war was over and their parents 
kingdom has just fallen. Koran had just returned from visiting his 
girlfriend in a neighboring planet and was kinda. ok really drunk. He 
comes to find his mother dead and Zero unconscious with me beside him 
waiting in the escape pod." Gray Fox
"When I sobered up Zero was awake, the next thing I know we were 
fighting. I cut his right arm with my sword, and he broke my leg but I 
was the one to pass out." Koran
"D Shade do you remember a scar on Zero's right arm?" Mihoshi
"Not really but lets finish this in the house." D Shade

In side the house.....
"I see we have a visitor." Ayeka, bowing to Koran. 
"Hello there, you're a pretty young lady. I'm Koran." Koran, 
taking Ayeka's hand and kissing it. Ayeka blushes slightly.
"Young yeah right, she's 723years old." Ryoko snickers.
"Yes and you are over 2000 if I'm not mistaken." Ayeka shoots 
back.
"Well you both look 20 so it doesn't matter." Koran
" Ayeka what are you and Ryoko fighting about now?!" Tenchi 
yelling from the kitchen.
"Nothing, come in here there is a visitor." Ayeka
"Hello who are you? I'm Tenchi Misaki." Tenchi
"I'm Koran, it's a pleasure." Koran

After a long discussion and a late dinner things get down to the 
heart of the matter.

"So your Zero's brother, he never mentions you." Washuu
"We're not on speaking terms, he blames me for the death of our 
mother. We got into a fight I cut his arm he broke my leg and that was 
it." Koran
"Funny. the way I remember it, it was your fault." Gray Fox, 
giving Koran a bad stare.
"And what's that suppose to mean asshole??!!" Koran, standing up.
"Sit down and do yourself a favor, Zero knocked you to the ground 
with a single kick and he was at 15% strength. You'll lose if you can't 
get any higher that you are now." Gray Fox, crossing his arms.
"Well Mr. Fox as a matter of fact I can, so if you want to lets 
see what you can do." Koran
"Lets settle this in the training room. Not in the living room." 
Tenchi

The group enters Washuu's lab and heads for the training room. 
When trying to open the door the found it was stuck. 
"That's strange, the only reason the door won't open is if its 
locked from the inside but there is no lock. Computer bring up the 
stats in the room." Washuu
"Stats of person in room, gravitational level 2500. Power level 
700,000,000, person in room unknown. Power being used 125%, level 
nearing critical." Computer
"Computer what is the setting?" Washuu
"Setting, ocean blue." Computer
"It's Zero, that is his favorite setting." Sasami
"Manual override, computer open the doors." D Shade 

The system shuts down and the setting disappears. A strange dark 
blur is heading strait for them from the distance. In an instant the 
Image was gone the door closed and the new setting being programmed. 
Deep forest and 50 times earth's gravity.

"Well, well, well, your standing I'm somewhat impressed" Zero, 
taping his sword on the ground.
"Zero are you insane?! You could have gotten yourself killed and 
then where would I be." Sasami, crying into his chest.
"I'm sorry that I scared you Sasami, it will never happen again, 
I just needed to blow off some steam." Zero, lifting her head with his 
finger and giving her a tinder kiss.
"Zero, you wouldn't mind us using your stadium simulator." Gray 
Fox 
"Not really, I'm done training for now but why?" Zero
"Well I'm planning on kicking the shit out of your brother, I 
hope you don't mind. " Gray Fox 
"Not at all, computer load Zero Training stadium." Zero

The area turns black and then a large building is in front of 
them, it expands for the entire area and never seems to stop. Inside 
the ground is made of a mix of titanium, Gundaium, and neo-titanium (it 
is exceptionally strong). Gray Fox and Koran enter the arena, Washuu 
gets her energy gauge and gets ready for a power reading.

" Well Koran, I hope that you can power up, because I'm not 
holding back... 
gggggggrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!" Gray 
Fox's body begins to bulge and increase in size, his hair gets longer 
and sparks form around his body. Electricity runs from his body onto 
the metal floor.
"Gray Fox is at 100,000,000 and has transformed into a level 2 
Super Saiyan. I wonder how far Koran can push it?" Zero
"A level 2 Super Saiyan, lets see what you got. 
Grrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeaaaaahhhhh!!" Koran. A wave of energy washes over 
him and in an instant he has taken the same affects as Gray Fox.
"Washuu, what dose your energy meter pick up?" Zero
"It says 50,000,000. What do you have?" Washuu typing at her 
computer.

Gray Fox flies forward and spin kicks Koran in the arm. Koran 
slides back from the hit and jackknife kicks Gray Fox in the shoulder, 
dislocating it. Gray Fox pops his shoulder back into place and lets 
lose a barrage of energy blast. They connect and send Koran onto his 
back; he slides back and flips onto his feet.
"Are you sure it's at 50,000,000. Did you ever recalibrate your 
meter?" Zero
"I lowed it by 100%." Washuu
"Why, you were only suppose to lower it by 50%, this means that 
Koran is also at 100,000,000." Zero

Gray Fox kicks Koran in the head and charges up and energy ball, 
Koran tosses one of his back and wait. The balls collide and explode. 
Both Gray Fox and Koran power up for their special attacks, the attacks 
collide and both fighters are out cold.

"Ok. the match is over it's a draw. Kiyone you can take care of 
Gray Fox, Washuu (with an evil grin) Koran is all yours." Zero
"You're really going to let me test him?" Washuu, astonished
" Yep he's all yours, at a power level of 100 million I say you 
can handle it, what are you at 90 million?" Zero
"Right Zero" Washuu
"Zero you got a call from Head Quarters the Chief has an 
assignment for you, he wouldn't say what it was though." Kiyone, 
helping Gray Fox to his feet.
"Sasami we'll have to postpone our little get to get together." 
Zero says giving Sasami a deep kiss and teleports to HQ.

At the Galaxy Police Head Quarters. there is a knock at the door.

~"Yes come in. (Zero enters) ah yes Commander Zero, how long has 
it been?" Chief
"Since the last time you suspended me (laughing)."
"I had to, how's life?"
"Ok. lets cut the BS and get to the point, I'd like to get back 
to my Girlfriend."
"So be it, let me get to the point. I'm sorry about cutting off 
your vacation but you have been selected to take on an undercover 
mission. The problem is that there was a shipment of large arms 
(weapons) and neo- titanium. We need you to get into the heart of the 
criminal underworld and give us the coordinates to arrest them all and 
hall in the leader."
"And you need me why?"
"You are one of the best we've got, you've worked her for 4 
months and have captured more criminals than people who have been on 
the force for years. There is one problem."
"What might that be?" narrowing his eyes.
"(Types at the computer, a screen pops up on the side so both 
Zero and the Chief can see it) Start reading."
"It's a criminal's warning poster. It's a poster that criminals 
circulate for the most dangerous police officer to come across."

Poster
#10. Officer, Mikhail Maxima- arrested 20 drug dealers in one night.
#9.   Officer, Nihos- brought down ringleaders of 7 terrorist 
operations.
#8.   Detective, Cane- Retrieved stolen Jurian Super weapon, and 
captured 5 ultra-class criminals.
#7.   Detective, Sergue- arrested 10 ultra-class criminals.
#6.   1st class Detective, Heroine- known for getting underground force 
out into the open.
Top 5 most Dangerous (New force Zero Squad)
#5. Ultra Class Detective and member of Zero Squad, Mihoshi Kuramitsu- 
don't be deceived by her dizzy nature, she has captured 20 terrorist, 
50 1st class criminals, and 15 Ultra-class Criminals.
#4.  Member of Zero Squad, D shade- new to the force he has captured 
the number of criminals as Mihoshi in the 4 month spanned there.
#3. Member of Zero Squad, Gray Fox- 3rd in command he has great powers 
and special attacks, using his stealthy approach he'll have finished 
you before you know it.
#2. Ultra Class Detective and member of Zero Squad, Kiyone Makibi- 2nd 
in command and the brightest star in the Galaxy Police and one of the 
most serious in the Zero Squad. Like the other members she has 
incredible powers and is not to be taken lightly.
#1. Leader of the Zero Squad, Zero Cool- The strongest of the five, has 
unconceivable amount of power. He along with the rest of his team has 
the ability to sense power levels, and will never back down from a 
fight. Has arrested every type of criminal and was responsible for the 
destruction of planet Sentinel. 

~"It gets worse, they have pictures of every one on the list. 
Which means they know your face." Chief 
"Well at least they know who's on top. Do you have the picture 
they have?"
"Yes, let me bring it up" He types at the computer the photo of 
Zero comes up.
"Well that makes the job easier."
"Why is that?"
"Those fools got the picture while I was in Regular Saiyan mode."
"So what's the difference?"
"This is. aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhgggggggggggrrrrrrrraaaaaahh I can 
stay in this form for as long a possible." Zero eyes start to glow 
green, and his hair changes to a golden yellow.
"Well I must say that, that's impressive. Why didn't the files 
list that unique ability?"
"There were something that you didn't need to know of, like that 
I was the prince of an entire planet form the future. Now what are the 
details of he mission."
"This is always the tough part for undercover missions. Your 
leave here at 23:50 hours tomorrow, this is a delicate mission and will 
take time to uncover the entire operation. That means you can't just go 
and beat people up until you find who your looking for."
"Damn scratch that out, just how long is this mission."
"You must first gain the trust of the leader, who has a 
personality like, like, well like yours."
"Well that will be though, anything else?"
"You cant return until the job is done, which means you cant just 
teleport home anytime you want. The leader will not trust you until you 
prove yourself to him."
"And how do you expect me to do that?"
"You have 2 choices: let them beat the shit out of you or beat 
their strongest fighter.
"I really don't think there is anyone in the world strong enough 
to beat me."

Back at the house.

"Fox are you feeling better?" Sasami
"Yeah fine, my power level is low but I'm fine." Gray Fox 
"Sasami are you ok, you seem depressed." Kiyone 
"I'm ok, it's just that Zero hasn't paid any attention to me. 
He's been gone for so long and as soon as he got back he went into the 
training room." Sasami, taking a sip of Sake.
"Sasami don't worry about it, he's been under lots of stress 
lately. Zero came back to take a vacation and spend some time with you, 
if he hadn't ran across Koran he'd have been with you the whole time. 
Trust me, as soon as he gets back you have plenty of time to catch up." 
Kiyone
"Thank you, I feel much better." Sasami, hugs Kiyone and heads to 
the kitchen to finish dinner.
"Sasami I'm home" Zero, appears in the kitchen and gives Sasami a 
kiss.
"Oh Zero I missed you so much." Sasami 
"And I you." Zero, he grabs Sasami by the wrist and they teleport 
into Zero's room.

Zero gently caresses her cheek with his hand and starts leading 
kisses around her neck and collarbone. Her eyes flutter close and she 
lets out a sigh of ecstasy. She nuzzles her head against Zeros cheek as 
he holds her firmly and close against his body. Zero slides his hands 
around her waist and to the bottom of her shirt, he lifts it over her 
head to once again view her soft skin and her nicely sized breast 
covered by nothing. Losing control for a brief moment Sasami rips the 
vest off of Zero and tosses it out the window landing with a thud on 
the ground below next was his shirt but that landed on the bed. 
Lowering his head and putting an arm around her waist he pulls her onto 
the bed where he licks and sucks at her breast circling and flicking 
the nipples with his tongue.
"Ohhhhh aaahhhhhhhh. Zerooooo I've missed you sooooooo 
haaaaaaaahaaaaaa much. You soft yet firm touch, your tongue 
proooooobing my mouth." Sasami moans while Zero massages her sides

He turns her over and sets her on top of him; eagerly he unhooks 
and unzips the back of her skirt. It slides off with ease to reveal her 
long slender legs and her silk panties. Sasami loosens his belt and 
also tosses it out the window; next to come off were his pants and 
boxers. Sasami slowly slides herself onto Zero's hard member, and lets 
out a long awaited sigh. The sigh of a horny woman whose urges that 
have been building up for 2 months, that needed to be released. Slowly 
she presses up and down on Zeros member, she let out a sigh of relief 
as he caresses her back and breast. Turning over Zero begins driving 
into her harder and faster than Sasami could handle, coming immediately 
and falling limp for a second while Zero continues pumping into her as 
she yells his name.

"Hey Kiyone do you here that??" Gray Fox, hearing a muffled cry 
of Zeros name.
"Ah yes the sound of an orgasm, I told Sasami that Zero would 
spend some time with her." Kiyone, snickering and taking a sip of Sake.
"Sounds like their having fun, when was the last time we. you 
know??" Gray Fox 
"It's been two days I think." Kiyone, giving Gray Fox a sly look.

21:00 hours day before he leaves, in Zeros bed room.

~"That was incredible, I haven't felt like that since our first 
time." Said Sasami, breathing rapidly.
"Um. I have something I need to tell you." Zero, having a nervous 
and uneasy voice.
"What is it, you can tell me anything you know that." 
"Ok, I have been selected to take on an undercover mission. I 
don't know when I may come back and I won't be able to contact you for 
a while."
"Why didn't you tell me sooner?"
"I didn't find out until a little while ago. It was during the 
appointment with the chief"
"Zero. are you seeing someone else??" with a tear in her eye.
"No, no, no it's just like I said, here read this. It's 
classified but I don't care."
"Oh I'm sorry about that I just can't believe that your going to 
be gone for so."
"It's ok, I really don't want to go but I don't have much of a 
choice. I just wanted us to have a good night before I left. I'll be in 
the training room doe most of tomorrow."
"Your so. ah. sw.ee.t." Sasami finishes as she fell asleep in 
Zero's arms.

Zero slides out of bed gets his cloths on and teleports to 
Washuu's lab.

"Washuu how's it going with Koran." Zero
"Oh hey, it ok he's not what you would call a willing subject but 
he'll come around." Washuu, pointing to Koran in a shatterproof room 
strapped to a metal table with electrodes attached to him.
"How's it going in there?" Zero
"Zero can you please tell her to let me go." Koran
"Washuu do you have all the data you need?" Zero
"Except for that special sample yes." Washuu 
"Well you not getting that one, let him go" Zero
"Aw come on Zero I never get that last sample for anyone." Washuu
"Have you ever thought to try and get it first?" Zero
"Thank you Zero"
"What ever, Washuu I'm going into the training room I'll be in 
there all tomorrow come and get me at 21:00 hours or 10:00 p.m."

Inside the training room.

"Computer use setting Ocean Blue, gravitational level 2700 Gs." 
Zero, setting the computer simulator.

Zero steps off of the pad and is pull onto the ground; slowly he 
starts running around the island. After he had gotten to the point 
where he could run at top speed and use all of his special attacks he 
went to the center of the island and began to power up. Starting at SS1 
and moving onto SS3. Using the artificial moon technique that Vegeta 
taught him he changed to SS4. In his first transformation to SS4 he was 
only able to hold it for 10 minuets but after some training in that one 
area alone he was now able to make it up to and hour.
*I'll try for 2 hours today, then up the G-force.*
He starts powering up to the point where his muscles are budging 
and constricting his movement; he continued to train like that to where 
his over sized arms and legs no longer had an affect on how fast he 
could move.

The next day 9:00 P.M.

"So you decided to come out early, let me test your power level" 
Washuu with a wide grin.
"Ok, did you make sure to change to setting?" Zero
"Yep changed it today."
"Ok. ggggggggggggrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!" 
the floor begins to shake under the Washuu, Zero builds his power to 
its max.
"9, 1, 7, 4, 6, damn. Zero you can stop you broke my scanner."

Later than night at dinner.

"For he's a jolly good fellow which nobody can deny " all but 
Zero
"Thanks you guys, I want you all to know that I won't miss you a 
bit. Just kidding I'm hoping to make it back in one piece and really 
quick." Zero
"Same here we'll be waiting." Yosho
"Well what is you mission, you never did tell us." Mihoshi
"It's confidential, I knew that Sasami would be upset so had to 
tell her." Zero
"Gee Sasami you really went all out for dinner." Tenchi 
"Yeah, it's almost too fancy you would think someone was getting 
married." D Shade.
"Oh yeah, Double S, I want you to go on patrol with the others. 
And Kiyone stay out of trouble." Zero
"Sure thing Zero." Double S 
"It's a shame, I just found you and already you have to go. But 
good luck anyway." Koran, raising his glass for a toast.
"Thanks, stay out of trouble." Zero
"Well it's time, Zero you need to get to HQ." Kiyone
"Shit your right I'll see you all. um bye." Zero, kissing Sasami 
and teleports away.

At Galaxy Police HQ.

~"How do I make contact with this guy, where do I meet him, what 
is my code name, what is his name?" Zero
"You arrive on planet Cornaiea, his name is Darien, your code 
name is up to you, you meet him at the Siam Bar on the east part of 
town, he'll find you." Noxxe
"So you our top computer and tactics expert, Noxxe right. Hum 
cute, what am I saying Sasami would kill me."
"She's a lucky girl, I get that a lot your nice." Laughing 
lightly.
"I guess I'm a little nervous about my first undercover mission."
"You'll get over it when you get over it, I had too."
"What was your mission?"
"It was a simple infiltration, not nearly as deep in as your 
getting. The guy Darien really watches his back and won't truly trust 
anyone. You want to know the secret to having and easy undercover 
mission?"
"Sure ok."
"Be your self, don't change your personality in any way other 
wise you'll let something slip out and it can cause problems."
"Zero, I see that you have met Noxxe, she's the best." Chief 
"I can tell, well lets get this started so I can get it over 
with." Zero
"As you wish."

10:30 p.m. next day.

Zero is sitting in the dark corner of the bar, all of a sudden he 
feels a strong force approaching. A man enters the bar, he's 6' 0, has 
ice blue eyes, and is wearing dark blue jeans, a steel chain necklace, 
and yellow shirt. Everyone sitting on a stool clears the bar except for 
the bartender. Zero lowers his sunglasses and clicks the scanner. It 
comes up with the profile: Darien, age 29, Sex male, Power level 
unknown expected to be at you level.
"There is someone here that wants to join our group please stand 
up."  Darien

Five different guys stand up, they all had power but none of them 
were near Zeros level. Darien took a seat and looked over at the five, 
he surveyed their powers and didn't find anything worthy of joining his 
group.

"You five try and join every time I come in here and I always 
turn you down" Darien, Zero sitting in the dark corner stands up.
"Hey I'll take a stab at it." Zero
"Take a seat wimp." Henchmen
"Excuse me." Zero, in a split second his knee is in the 
henchmen's gut.
"Jack I always told you that you talk too much, and what's your 
name." Darien
"Sage, Brian Sage, and I'm hoping to join your group." Zero
"Well Mr. Sage why is that? And do you think you can pass our 
joining process."
"Well I need the money and I like to fight what else is there. 
And what is the process for joining."
"Take your pick, would you like to be beaten or do you want to 
beat our strongest fighter?"
"I'll beat your fighter."
*This is really easy I'll have this done in no time. * 

Later that night at the warehouse.

"Sage meet Nitro, Nitro this is Sage." Darien 
"Hey" Zero sticking his hand out for a handshake, Nitro in return 
gave him a punch to the chest. "My god I hope your better at fighting 
that that." Standing there.
"Wow, I think he broke my hand." Nitro
"Hey you hit me I did nothing, am I suppose to fight him??" Zero
"Yep, if you can." Darien.

Zero quickly turns around and spin kicks Nitro in the chest.
	He falls to the ground gasping for air.
"I win, right?" Zero
"Ah yeah. Your in." Darien
"Cooler, what now?" Zero
"Now you meet the rest of the team. This is Lei, he's our 
technology expert. That lovely young lady is Rei or Raven for short she 
handles our transportation needs. Nitro the guy who is regaining 
consciousness he dose surveillance and security." Darien.
"Good to meet you, wait I never got your name." Zero
"I'm Darien the leader of the team." Darien
"Cool, what is my first job?" Zero
"Well first, besides the sword do you have any other weapons?" 
Darien
"Yeah but I need ammo for it." Zero
"Look around where in a warehouse, I'm sure we can find what 
you're looking for. And that ammo heist was the best." Lei
"Oh yeah, throw out that box, we don't have the right gun for 
that ammo, and what the hell is a Caster anyway." Nitro
"Did you say Caster? That's what I need." Zero, pulling out a 
long gun.
"Yeah here, lets see what they can do. The shells are marked 1-
20." Lei
"Ok, try a number one." Darien, Zero loads a shell into the 
Caster and aims into the sky. He pulls the trigger, a large beam of 
energy come on and knocks the roof off.
"Cooler, hand me a twenty." Zero, loads shell and fires. A 
massive beam is thrown out and knocks every one to ground.
"Hell yeah!!!! I got to get me one of them." Nitro
*They have to be weak; I could have withstood that blast with 
eases. * Zero
"Look there is a warning label. It says, Warning: the black 
shells 1-20 will drain life out of user, do not fire black shells back 
to back." Rach
"Yeah, Gean told me about those." Zero


Back on Earth two months later.

"Man it's so calm, without Zeros energy it's so different." 
Washuu
"Well he did contribute a lot of energy to this solar system." 
Gray Fox
"I miss him already, I'm use to at least getting a call every 
once and a while" Sasami/ Tsunami, looking deeply into her cup of tea.
"Hey it will be ok, he'll be back soon." Koran, puts an arm 
around Sasami.
* I hope he's not getting to fond of Sasami, if Zero saw this he 
would break his arm off. * Tenchi
"Thanks Koran, tell us more about your family, Brian doesn't talk 
about them much." Sasami
"Well as you know Zero and I was Prince of our home planet, and 
were in charge of training the royal Army in different combat, and 
sword techniques. Zero was the dark one of the family, and always 
seemed to be lurking in the shadows. And me I was the ladies man of the 
family. The scientist of our planet were developing our time travel 
technology and had finally perfected, I say 2 months before the attack 
on our planet he went back in time, and stayed for quite some time 
which I guess is when he met that guy Goku. I have to admit when he 
came back he had picked up some new tricks. The next week I came across 
Gray Fox, Double S, and D Shade. Zero and the others were good friends. 
The night before the attack on our planet my girlfriend called me from 
a neighboring planet for a "Visit". When I returned the palace was in 
shingles, Zero was out cold, I was drunk, and Gray Fox was injured. The 
rest is well history." Koran.
"Wow" the others.
"Hey where did you all get popcorn?" Koran, still with his hand 
around Sasami.

Back on planet Cornaiea Zero felt a shiver through his spine.
"Hey Brian are you ok, you look sick" Raven
"Hold on." Zero, he concentrates all of his energy on Earth, then 
on the Misaki home. 
Back on earth a dark cloud over comes the entire area.
"I can feel him, he's here." Sasami
"And he is pissed." Tenchi "Koran I suggest you take you hand off 
Sasami."
A lightning bolt strikes near the house and the full force shakes 
the countryside.
"I think your right." Koran, pulls his arm back
"Look the storm is clearing up, I suggest you keep your hands off 
he while you still have them." Gray Fox
"Is that right" Koran, placing his hand on Sasamis side."
An image of Zero, eyes glowing red, and sword in hand appears. 
Koran quickly withdraws his hand, and moves away as the image 
disappears.

Back on Cornaiea.
"Brian you in there?" Raven
"Huh? Sorry kinda zoned out." Zero
"I said did you have a good time on the job we pulled." Raven, 
inching closer
"It was the best, I herd the last group that tried to rob that 
bank was caught by the Zero Squad." Zero
"Darien can take care of them." Lei
"Let's get some sleep we have a long briefing tomorrow." Darien
"What's the job?" Zero
"Well when we hijacked the shipment of titanium and weapons they 
were take by a rival group during the escape." Darien
"Where will the locations be?" Zero
"Lei won't tell until we're ready to leave." Raven
"We go to get the shipment one month from now." Lei
"Well let's get some sleep." Zero

3 and a half-weeks later.

* Let me think, who is the easiest. Raven. no she is a girl, I 
can't put her through that. Nitro. yeah right he'll die before we find 
what we need to know. Darien. it would take too long to get him there. 
Lei. he's perfect, he knows the location, he's easy to take care of. 
And he's weak. * Zero, thinking of how to get the information on rest 
of the criminal ring

"What you thinking about?" Lei
"Where is every one else?" Zero
"They went to the bar." Lei
"Good." Zero, gabs Lei's arm and teleports him to the GP HQ.

In the interrogation room.
~"What the hell, where are we?" Lei
"Hey I'm the one asking the question. Now where is the shipment 
of Weapons?" Zero
"I'm not telling you, who are you?" 
"Fair enough, have you ever seen this?" showing Criminal Warning 
Poster 
"Yes. What dose that have to do with anything?"
"Look at the bottom picture."
"Zero Squad." Lei, Zero changes back to his regular form	 
"Look familiar?"
"You! You can't be. 3 months you have lived with us and we never 
thought about it."
"Good, you know who I am. Now tell me what I want to know."
"Hell no, I'm not saying a word." Lei, Zero walks over and jams 
his fist into Leis gut, then backhands him to the ground. 
"Listen to me (holds by shirt) it's not going to get any easier. 
It's only going to get harder for you." Zero
"I'm going to call police brutality on you." Lei
" (Kicks in chest) no one knows you're here, there is a note back 
at the hideout incase the others come back. Now tell me what I want to 
know."
"(Spits out some blood) you can't break me you'll never break 
me."
Zero picks Lei up by his shirt and tosses him into a chair and 
chains him in.
"Those are neo-titanium chains, you can't break them."
"Fuck you!!" 
Zero back fists him and reaches into his pocket and pull out a 
mouth brace.
"Are you going to tell me?"
"NO!!!!!"
Zero takes the brace and places it in Leis mouth holding it open. 
He thin pulls out a small black box, opening the there are lots of 
small shining metal tools., Zero pulls out a miniature corkscrew 
looking device.

"What are you going to do with that?" Lei
"Everyone has a threshold for pain. Now you sorry fuck, if you 
don't tell me what I want to know I'll find yours."

Out side the room it is silent, officers are working quietly. All 
of a sudden there is a bone chilling scream, a few seconds later there 
is another louder scream. 
Twenty seconds later.
"Thanks you for the information, you know that you could have 
made this much easier and told me strait out. But nooooooooo you just 
had to make me do that. You think I enjoyed that? You can talk you 
know."
"It's over, it's all over. Darien is going to kill me."
"You'll be fine just stay here. Eat this you'll feel better."
" Thanks, (eats Sensue bean) wow I feel great."
"Don't leave here or I'll have to find you."

Later in the Chief's office.

~"So I take it that you have the information that we needed." 
Chief
"What makes you say that?" Zero
"Because your back here"
"The shipment will be transported tomorrow. Were still holding 
that Lei guy in custody"
"Why?" 
"He can't go back, that guy will kill him."
"Well anyway good work. All you have to do is bring them in 
tomorrow."
"Ok. Can I call home now?"
"Yeah sure. You can't go back yet but you can call there"

In Zeros Office.

"Hello, Masaki home, Tenchi Misaki speaking." Tenchi 
"Tenchi is been a while." Zero
"Who is this?" Tenchi.
"You have got to be kidding. Damn you leave for 3 months and no 
one remembers you." Zero
"Oh god, Zero it's you. It's been a while." Tenchi
"Yeah good to hear from you again, what been going on?" Zero
"Not too much. Your brother is growing fond of Sasami." Tenchi
"I know, I'm sure you got that thunder storm I sent a few weeks 
back." Zero
"Hey Sasami just walked in, I'm sure you want to talk to her. 
Sasami come to the phone." Tenchi
"Who would be calling me, hello?" Sasami
"It's so good to hear your voice again." Zero
"It's you. I've missed you sooo much. Your brother has been very 
supportive while you were gone."
"Is that right, and what kind of support is this?" Zero
"Oh please, Zero you know you're the only guy for me." Sasami
"I'll remember that, just make sure he keeps his hands off you." 
Zero
"When will you be back?" Sasami
"In two days. Get Gray Fox for me please." Zero
"Really you'll be back that soon. I can't wait, Robert get over 
here." Sasami
"Sasami what have I told you, what have each and everyone of us 
told you, never call us by our damn names!!! Hello?" Gray Fox 
"Who the hell do you think you are Fox????!!!!" Zero
"Oh shit!!!! Ahh Zero is been a while." Gray Fox
"Listen to me and listen good. If you ever, ever, I mean if you 
get a hint in your mind that you can talk to her like that again I'll 
cut your tongue out and make you eat it. Do you hear what I'm saying 
Mr. Fox??" Zero, hitting Gray Fox with a telekinetic blast.
"Damn it's good to hear your voice again, sorry about the thing 
with Sasami. Kiyone and I have been having problems." Gray Fox 
"It's ok, just bring the guys here tomorrow morning, I'm at the 
GPHQ." Zero
"Ok what's that job?" Gray Fox 
"Remember a while back, that shipment of titanium and weapons 
were stolen. Well my mission was to retrieve the equipment and bring in 
the group that stole it. Well from what I've learned it was stolen from 
the group during their escape from the GP." Zero
"Well what do we do about it?" Gray Fox
"It's an easy run, we need to bring Tenchi and the others on this 
may be a tough fight." Zero
"What about Koran?" Gray Fox
"Let me talk to Tenchi." Zero
"Hey, Tenchi get the phone. Talk to you later Zero." Gray Fox  
~"Zero what's up." Tenchi
"Ok Tenchi to be blunt, I trust my brother as far as I can throw 
him. Well that was a bad example, but you know what I mean." Zero
"Yeah sure, what's the problem?" Tenchi
"I never want him and Sasami to be alone in the same room. Keep 
an eye on him for me and I'll see you all on the battle field 
tomorrow." Zero
"Battle field??" Tenchi 
"Yeah Fox will fill you all in tonight." Zero
"Ok, I'll make sure that I'm around Sasami at all times." Tenchi 
"Thanks I owe you one." Zero, hangs up phone

In the Misaki home. 
~"Hey let me talk to Brian." Koran
"Too late he's gone. Koran do yourself a favor, if you have any 
plans on getting with Sasami she's take." Tenchi
"Hey, who are you to tell me that I can't love her."
"Well I can't tell you, I can only warn you. Your brother loves 
her and he's not going to allow you to take her away from him."
"Well we'll see about that. You can't stop me and thanks to 
Washuu's time chamber I don't think Zero can stop me ether."
"Hum? I don't really think you can beat him. But your welcome to 
try." 

        Briefing Room 12:00
"First of all it's good to see al of you again, I'll be going 
over the planes for our the attack against the Qubics Space pirates. I 
trust that Gray Fox has told you about the mission." Zero
"Hey your Ryoko the space pirate, guards come quick!!!!" Office1
"Man, sit your sorry ass down!! Even if the Statures of 
Limitation didn't clear her of all charges she's a personal friend of 
mine if anyone tries to harm her they answer to me." Zero
"But sir? She's a pirate and one of the worse." Office2
"She saved my life once, and in my book is a honorary GPO, now 
back to the mission. Zero Squad and Tenchi's group we take on the 
pirates but first we take care of Darien. Any questions?" Zero
"Who takes care of what?" Tenchi
"Tenchi you and the others go to the pirates, Darien is mine. 
Sasami you come with me I don't want to hurt Raven so you'll have to 
take care of her. She's not strong but I'm not going to hit her. Let's 
move out Sasami and I will take Yagami, you all use a military 
transport ship." Zero


Planet Cornaiea, Warehouse, 1:30 P.M.

"Brian where have you been, where Lei, who's the girl?" Darien
"Listen I'm Commander Zero of the Zero Squad, she is my 
girlfriend Sasami in the planet of Jurai, and Lei was interrogated then 
arrested. Now the best thing you can do is come peacefully." Zero
"You're kidding, there is no way I'm coming with you!!" Darien 
" You can eight come with us quietly and nice and easy or he can 
beat you and drag you back." Sasami
"I know him, Brian would never hit me." Raven
"That's why he decided to bring me." Sasami
"Megaton beam!!!!" Nitro. Zero side steps and shoves his knee 
into his stomach.
"I'm not going to put up with this, Sasami you get Raven she ran 
into the back." Zero

Darien and Zero fight back and forth treading blast for blast, 
figuring that this was getting them no where Zero uses the newest 
attack in his arsenal. "Level 5 constriction" Zero. Five golden rings 
lock around Darien and drain him of his power. Raven goes flying 
thought the wall and lands right beside Darien.

"Sasami are you ok?" Zero
"I'm fine, she put up a good fight though." Sasami
"How could you? We trusted you and you betrayed us like that." 
Darien
"If it was up to me I never would have taken the job, but that's 
what they assigned me to." Zero
"Anyway what are you going to do to us now?" Raven
"Well I really have no say in that matter, it's up to the planet 
of Jurai. Sasami do you have any ideas on what their punishment will 
be." Zero
"Well if your luck, they will only sentence you to 20 years in 
the Odessa Prison." Sasami
"My god no, I her that you'll die before you finish your 
sentence." Raven
"We won't we'll be together for ever, even in our darkest moment 
I'll never leave you." Darien
"Zero? Um Zero. do we really have to send them to be sentenced." 
Sasami, pulling him over to the side of the room
"As much as I hate it yes we do." Zero

*Across head set*
"Commander, we have defeated the pirates and secured the weapon. 
Heading back to base." Officer 1
"Good work, we have Darien and are heading back" Zero
"Please Brian let us go." Darien
"I can't so don't ask, I'm getting vexed" Zero
"Please." Sasami
" *Eyes shifting to red* I said don't ask." Zero
"Well there is no use trying now, let get you two up and going." 
Sasami

Back at GPHQ

"Well done commander, and the rest of you, great work." Chief 
"Thank you Sir." Said everyone in uniform.
~"Sir may I speak to you in private." Zero
"Certainly, you are all dismissed, what is it?" Chief
"What were the other charges on Darien and his group?"
"Well other than the heist just 2 parking tickets, why do you 
ask?"
"If those are the only charges on them and the weapon was taken 
from the during the heist, then on a technicality the can't be charged 
with that. Am I right?"
"Well yes, if it was taken from them before an office showed up 
then they are not accountable."
"So all they really have to do is pay off their tickets and there 
you go."
"That's the just of it."
"I'll go and inform them of that then."
"Enjoy your vacation you have a month off."
* He'll never agree to the new job."

In the holding rooms

"Has he always been like that, well for as along as I've known 
him." Sasami
"Excuse me???" Zero
"Um nothing hun." Sasami
"What ever, I have some good news." Zero
"Let me guess, our sentence is only 20 years." Raven
"Let the man talk." Darien
"Thank you, well in short all you have to do is pay off your 
parking tickets and you're free to go." Zero
"Really, thank you, thank you, thank you!!!" Raven, tightly 
hugging him.
"Well I'm glad you're happy, see ya later." Zero
"Where are you going, I figured you stay for a while." Sasami
"I'm home sick *waves * bye." Zero, steps into the party that was 
thrown for getting the weapon back. "Hey I'm heading home, you guys 
enjoy your selves."
"Well see you later then."

Back at the house, Zero finds a note left by Koran

Note: Hey guys I hope your mission went well, I'll be gone for a 
few days. Koran

"Well that will keep him out of my way for a while, now to calm 
down."

Zero walks into the kitchen and pulls a bottle of vodka from the 
cabinet, also grabbing a shot glass he takes a seat that the table. 
Taking off his vest and over shirt and setting them in the chair beside 
him, the chair creeks under the 700 pounds of pressure, he pours a 
glass and downs it really quick. Feeling a presence around him he takes 
off his metal wristbands and flings them at his watcher.

~"Wow these things are heavy." Ryoko
"Their 300 pounds each, why aren't you at the party? Is it over 
already?" Zero
"No, I was getting strange looks form the other GPOs. I felt so 
out of place."
"It's not your fault (downs 2nd glass) their morons who are afraid 
of their own shadow (pours third glass)."
"I know what you mean, well why didn't you stay? Pour me a 
glass."
"Here you go. (Passes glass to Ryoko).  I didn't stay because I 
did my good deed for the next two years. I got Darien and Raven out of 
a space prison. (Downs 5th glass)."
"I never see you with that shirt off, you look pretty good. 
(Downs 4th glass.) Also I never see you drink, are you ok?"
"Not really (downs glass 7), I'm concerned about the high energy 
level around the planet. There is no why that any of you could gain 
that much power in that short a time, no offence."
"None taken, it's true though. As a matter of fact none of use 
have been in the training room in 3 months. Washuu said that there was 
something wrong with it and it's not safe to go in. (downs glass 6)"
"Is that right? (Glass 10)"
"Hahaha (hiccup) did you ever notice that we stay in that room 
forever and never age?"
"Yep, one of Washuus genus modifications, otherwise I'd be dead 
about now."
"Wow you sure are cheery when you're drunk." She puts his arm 
around his neck.
 "Hey don't do that, what will the others think? In fact there on 
their way back now."

Out side still in ship.

"That was a horrible party." Tenchi
"Well what do you expect when you party with a whole bunch of 
police." Ayeka
"Well if they were more like Mihoshi and Kiyone then we'd have 
some fun." Double S 
"They didn't seem too thrilled to have Ryoko around, they weren't 
really nice to her." Mihoshi 
"This is rich, Zero is going to tear them apart when he gets back 
form his vacation." Gray Fox
"What's so funny?" Sasami
"What they have him signed up for when he gets back *hands paper 
to Sasami)." Gray Fox 
"No, hell no, they have no chance in hell of getting them to 
agree to do that." Sasami
"Let me see (reads over paper), they are crazy. He's going to 
kill them." Washuu
"What could be so bad  (looks over paper), (snickers, laughs out 
loud). Washuu can I use your camera. I have to get the look on his face 
when he finds out he has to train the new recruits." Kiyone
"Oh dear, he's going to be really rough on them." Ayeka 
"That's only if he doesn't quit." Double S


Back in the house.

Ryoko is sliding her over shirt off, and downs her 13th shot 
glass. Zero is slightly dazed and sweating, his undershirt is gone and 
his vest is back on.

"Come on Zero lets have some fun." Ryoko
"Not a chance, I'm not that drunk yet. You need to get some 
sleep, I feel that tomorrow will be a long day." Zero
"Hey Hun were home. Why are you only wearing your vest and what's 
wrong with Ryoko?" Sasami, with an accusing look.
"Well it's hot that's why I'm only wearing my vest and Ryoko has 
been drinking. I want all of you to get some rest I feel that tomorrow 
will be very long." Zero
"Well no wonder it's hot, you have it at 100 degrees in here." 
Washuu
"He's part Saiyan his temp is 100 at normal. I'm going to bed, 
come along Kiyone we have some things we need to discus." Gray Fox, 
with a huge smile.
"I've seen that smile before, I'll go find Kiyones back brace for 
tomorrow." Mihoshi
"Nope, you're coming with me" D Shade, same smile.
"Tenchi, since I don't think Ryoko will be coming with us tonight 
I guess where on our own." Ayeka
"Not a chance, Tenchi grab the bottle because where going to 
party all night long." Ryoko
"Someone please save me." Tenchi, being pulled up stairs.
"I guess that leaves us, lets try bondage tonight." Double S
"Not tonight, lets try pure passion with a side of the rough 
stuff." Washuu
"Deal" Double S, walking into the lab.
"Washuu I'm going to take a look at the training room, Sasami if 
I'm not back in an hour then I fixed the machine." Zero
"Ok but I'll be waiting, and if you don't come back I'll make you 
pay dearly." Sasami
"Noted, I'll be back." Zero

Zero has a seat near the control panel and starts typing away. 
After and intense hour of fragmentations and firewalls he came to the 
system memory.

"Computer how long have you been shut down?" Zero
"I have been operational since my program was installed, you 
haven't been in for a while. They told me that you were on a special 
mission." Computer
"Your telling my that you were never off line, how come Washuu 
never figured that out?"
"Because there was no sign of something wrong, surely your 
friends would have told you about it. They've been every day for two 
weeks for 4 hours a day."
"Wait, they told me that they haven't been in 3 months."
"This room has had a regular visitor for the last three months, 
the last I had recorded his power level he was at your lever in power, 
last week he brought 3 others."
"Well as far as I can tell, Gray Fox is the only one what could 
get to my level."
"Gray Fox has not been in the room in the past 3 months also, I 
have the name. Koran registered as the user."
"Koran? I guess Washuu had inputted his data into the computer. 
And what about the other 3 of them, what are their names?"
"I don't have any hard data on them, just the names, and power 
level registry."
"Give them to me, and compare them to the others"
"Intruder 1, Name Soyao power level even with Gray Fox, Second 
intruder Drekon he's a little stronger than Double S, Gerin weaker than 
D Shade."
"I see a battle on the horizon, what are our chances on wining?"
"I well I have my programming on you. If you do fight good luck"
"Wait. there is one thing that just doesn't add up, even if Koran 
was in the room everyday all day there is no way he could get to my 
level on that short amount of time. Did they change the programming?"
"Yes, it was change. Instead of one year equaling one day it 
equals four hours."
"That explains the huge jump in their powers, well I'll have to 
see just how much he has improved. I could be wrong about the fight but 
it's just not adding up, things will play out more tomorrow. Shit I'd 
better get back to Sasami.

Back in Zeros room.
" 5. 4. 3. 2." Sasami, Zero teleports back into the room.
"I'm back, sorry was I late."
"Nope just in time, now can we "catch up" on old times."
"Not to night Sasam, hey do you here that?" (Lying down and 
resting his sword in the stand).
"Ohhhh harder. ah ah ah ah ahhhhhhhhhh......!!!" Kiyone
"Oh lord. she must be having a good time." Sasami
"Sasami I have something to ask you, and I need you to answer me 
strait." (Rolls over to face her).
"What is it?" Sasami, with love in her eyes.
"Has Koran been making passes at you?"
"Well um. how do you mean passes at me?"
"I'm meant has he been trying to hook up with you?"
"Ohhhh. well yes, but don't worry I can take care of myself. He's 
been helping me deal with you being gone."
"Sasami, I don't like him. Even if he is my brother don't want 
you to hang around him. He took my last 10 girlfriends."
"10! What do you mean 10? You've had 10 Exes."
"Sasami calm down, you have them beat hands down. You're smart, 
funny, beautiful, and can kick their Asses at a moments notice." 
(Rolling onto back).
(Jumping onto his waist). "And don't you forget it ether" (Kisses 
deeply)
"Come on Sasami not tonight."
"Aw ok. But tomorrow you owe me."
"Trust me you wont be disappointed."
* I'll propose to her tomorrow. * Zero

The next morning at breakfast.

"Mmmmmmm (stretching) it felt good to power up again." Ryoko
"Sure did, my technique was rusty I hadn't fought in so long" 
Tenchi
"Hey, you seem to be distracted. What's wrong Zero?" Ayeka
"I'm just thinking." Zero
* I guess I'll go and get the ring this afternoon, now how do I 
bring. Ayeka or Kiyone. *
"So what are your plans for today Kiyone?" Gray Fox
"Well we have a months vacation, I think I'll get a tan today." 
Kiyone
"Oh guys I fixed the training room last night." Zero
"You did? Well I guess I'll go and train" Ayeka
* Kiyone it is then.* Zero
"Kiyone before you get started on your tan I need for you to take 
a small trip with me. We'll be gone for about 2 hours." Zero
"What's this about" Kiyone
"I'll tell you on the way there." Zero
"Lets leave now." Kiyone
"Hey can I come too?" Sasami
"Not this time, but when I get back it will be well worth it." 
Zero

An hour later on Yagami.

~"So are you going to tell me now?" Kiyone
"First cut off all communications. I don't want anyone listening 
in on this" Zero, (motions to the red light symbolizing that the others 
may hear them).
"Ok, (flips switch) the comms are down. Now tell me what this is 
about."
"I need you help."
"With what? What could the great commander Zero need my help 
for?"
"I'm. (exhales) I'm going to get Sasami's engagement ring and I 
can't figure out which one."
"Oh my god. well it took you long enough. She was getting 
restless."
"Really?"
"She confides in me all the time, we're like sisters. Speaking of 
which, why didn't you ask Ayeka"?
"Well Ayeka is her sister, so naturally she'll tell her. Well do 
you think you can help?"
"With out a doubt now let me think."
"I was going to give her this (shows Kiyone a ring, its pure 
platinum with a crystal that changes colors like his eyes), here try it 
on."
"My god it's lovely, forget anything else give her this. Where 
did you get it?"
"I made it 3 years ago for the one and only love of my life when 
I found her, now I relies that it's Sasami."
"You made that? You must have had Sasami in your mind because 
that's the same Jurian symbol as the one on her head." 
"Cooler, well that saves me the problem of having to buy the 
ring. Since we're on Blue Heaven I'll treat you to lunch, what ya say?"
"Deal, I can't wait to get back home to tell Sasami though."
"If you tell her, this will be your last meal. Is that clear?"
"Crystal."

Zero and Kiyone have a seat at the table outside the restaurant. 

"Well how are things going with you and Fox?"
"They are ok, last night was incredible. He made me feel 17 
again. What about with you and Sasami we didn't hear your name being 
chanted."
"I know, I fixed the training room last night then wanted to get 
some rest. Kiyone tip that chair over and draw you blaster."
"Oooooooook? (Knocks over chair and pulls blaster out of pocket)" 
There is a large crash and the sound of a bank alarm. A man dressed in 
black and tugging a huge bag of money behind him comes running towards 
them. He trips over the chair and lands face first on the wooden floor. 
Kiyone laughs and points her blaster at the man, relishing who he is up 
against he hits he head on the ground again and places his hands behind 
his back waiting to be cuffed. One of the banks security guards run up 
and retrieves the robber and the money taking them both back to the 
bank
"Thanks for the assist." Guard
"Zero I don't even want to know how you knew that was going to 
happen."
"I saw him going in with the explosives, where were we?"
"You said that you wanted to get some rest last night."
"Oh yeah, I told her that I'd make it up to her today. And I 
think that proposing will do the trick if I do say so myself and I do 
say so myself."
"(Laughing) Sasami is a lucky girl, she clearly got one of the 
best around."
"Well you didn't do bad yourself, each of us is one of a kind. 
But I think you and Sasami made out the best"

After lunch and a pleasant chat Zero and Kiyone deicide to head 
back home, after making a brief stop at GPHQ and getting Zero new 
assignment changes. (Laughing) "Me again. Zero exact words were "You've 
got to be out of your damn mind, if you think for a second that I'm 
going to train these snot nosed cadets. Tell me the truth, do you 
really want a group of 15 guys out there with powers like mine, they'll 
be unstoppable. I'll quit before I do that."
"Needless to say Zero is still patrolling the Solar System."

When Zero and Kiyone return home, Kiyone goes to find Gray Fox. 
Zero on the other hand goes to check on Sasami in the garden. He walks 
into an unimaginable scene.

FB End

Zero is standing alone looking strait at the pair of Sasami and 
his brother. A black aurora surrounds is body and his energy builds 20 
fold.
*I can't believe this shit. my own brother is kissing my 
girlfriend." Zero, standing there with a look of utter rage in his eye. 
(Clutching the small black box in his hand)
"My god Zero. it isn't what it looks like. I was just standing 
here then Koran kissed me." Sasami
"Brian calm down." Koran
"I throughout I told you guys never to call me that especially 
not you!!" Zero, with a tear in the side of his eye.
"Ok sorry. Zero I'm sorry. I really didn't know. I just got here" 
Koran
"How in the hell can you stare me in the face and lie to me like 
that, you've been living here for 3 months!!!!" Zero, he turns and 
walks towards the house.
* Great now that he's out of the way she is all mine. * 

Zero slowly walks back into the house; Tenchi and the others are 
surprised to see the darkness around him. That and the tear that fell 
from the edge of his sunglasses. Taking a seat at the kitchen table he 
raises an unbreakable barrier on the door frame so that no one can 
enter, he slams the black velvet box down upon the table and grabs a 
bottle of Sake. Anger finally taking full control over him he breaks 
the bottle in his hand. Tuning into the commotion in the kitchen Gray 
Fox runs strait for the kitchen and is knocked cold after hitting the 
barrier, the others run to look in the kitchen and find that most of 
the appliances are floating around and Zero had a burning red field 
around him.

* Something must have gone wrong she turned him down. But that 
doesn't make any sense. * Kiyone
"Zero can I talk to you? I'm sure I can help what ever it is." 
Kiyone 
"No, you can't help me. That son of a bitch, no offence mom, did 
it again." Zero
"He who, what did he do?" Kiyone
"Zero wait! It's not what it looked like!" Sasami, yelling and 
running toward the kitchen.

In a split second Zero had teleported away, the barrier 
dissipated, and the energy field was gone opening the kitchen up again.

"Sasami what the hell did you do to him?!" Kiyone 
"Nothing I ." Sasami
"You did something, the man was crying. Did you hear what I just 
said, ZERO the emotionless one himself was crying." Ayeka
"It's not my. Koran." Sasami
"What ever you did fix it quick, it's not good when he gets like 
that. That man has more than enough darkness in this heart already that 
is the last thing he needs." Gray Fox 
"For goodness sake will you let me finish?!" Sasami
"Guys let her talk." Tenchi
"Ok here is what happen. (Exhales) I was in the garden watering 
the roses I herd Yagami coming back to earth so I was expecting Zero to 
be there any second. I felt a pair of hands grasp my shoulders but the 
grasp didn't feel right. It was too rough; I swirl around and see Koran 
facing me. Before I could react he had pulled me into a kiss, his grip 
seemed to paralyze me. I closed my eyes trying, struggling to break 
free. Then I felt a greater energy, a dark energy come up, Zero just 
standing there peering at us through his sunglasses. I. I . I could 
feel his heart breaking, his blood boiling, .then he just left us." 
Sasami
"He didn't say anything?"
"No." Sasami
"Where is Koran, I think on the behalf of Zero we should kill 
him." Gray Fox 
"Forget him, we have to find Zero!" Sasami, she has a seat at the 
table. She notices the small velvet box.
"Sasami don't open the. (owwwwww too late)" Kiyone
"(Opens box) oh my. he didn't." Sasami
*Here it comes, the crying* Mihoshi
"Sasami, don't worry about. We will find him soon enough." 
Tenchi, hugging Sasami.

Back on planet Cornaiea.

Zero is sitting at the bar, having a drink and looking for a 
reason to break someone's bones into millions of tiny pieces. One of 
his older enemies spotted him and decided to have some fun at his 
expense. 

"Well if it isn't the man that put me in jail. Maybe now I can 
repay the favor." Guy
"Listen, you picked the wrong guy, on the wrong day, at the wrong 
time. Now unless you want to end up dead like your leader I suggest 
that you leave me the fuck alone." Zero
"Hey no fighting in the bar." Bartender
"And just what makes you think you can beat me." Zero
"Get up and we can take this outside like men." Guy, he walks up 
behind Zero
"I've had a long day and need to drown my sorrows. I suggest that 
you not touch me right now."

Guy grabs Zeros shoulders and is instantly paralyzed. Two of the 
bouncers come up and throw Guy out onto the street.

"Sorry about the trouble Jack. Today is not a good day for me." 
Zero
"That's ok, I never did like that guy. Well what's the problem?" 
Jack/ Bartender
"I'm going to kill him, I love her enough to let her live. maybe, 
what am I saying I could never hurt Sasami. She's the force that keeps 
me going. Or at least that use to be true."
"Ah women troubles. What happen?" 
"(Sigh) I was out ring shopping with one of my Girlfriends 
friend, we had a good time Anyway I come home relishing that she was 
the one I was searching for this entire time. I mean look at her (shows 
picture of Sasami) how could you not love that? She's smart, funny, and 
can fight better than Darien. Where was I, oh yeah, I come home and go 
to the garden I see her kissing my brother."
"Wow, what did you do?"
"Nothing I was really pissed off, I tried to pour a drink but 
broke the bottle in my hands."
"Here, (pours drink) this one's on the house."
"Thanks man, well you tell me, what should I do about this."
"Well only you can really decide how this will play out, I 
personally would have beat the shit out of him but that's just me."
"You got a coin on you?"
"Yeah here you go."
"I'm going to spin this coin on the table, if it comes up heads 
I'm going to go home beat the shit out of Koran weather she likes it or 
not, Tails (sigh) I leave her after a short talking hoping that they 
are happy together. Then I'll kill them in their sleep."
"Well leave off the kill them in their sleep part and you have a 
deal."
"Deal. (Spins coin) and it's........ (sigh) heads."
"Go and take care of business my boy."
"Thanks Jack."


Back at the Misaki Residence	

"His energy signature is not here I guess I'll wait." Zero (sits 
on couch)
"Hey look who's back, Sasami was having a fit." Gray Fox
"Is that right? And just where is my fianc?" Zero
"She's sitting by the pond waiting for her heartless bastard of a 
boyfriend to come home (Zero punches him in the chest) owwwwww. I was 
just stating the obvious."
"What am I going to do? I can't believe that he's gone." Sasami 
(sitting at the edge of the water and slowly rocking)
"I'll wait till I'm sober again then I'll talk to her." Zero
"And just what are you planning to do?" Gray Fox
"Propose to her, then kill Koran." Zero
"Good choice." Gray Fox 
"Damn it, what did I do with the ring?" Zero
"It's on Sasamis finger. Now how are you going to pull that off." 
Gray Fox 
"I'll cross that bridge when I come to it."

Two hours and a small head ache later. Outside near the lake.

"Where could they be? This is really bad." Tenchi
"Tenchi what's wrong?" D Shade 
"Hey what's going on?" Zero
"The Girls!!!!!! Their gone!!!!!"
"What!!!!!!!" Zero, Gray Fox, D Shade, Double S.
"Their missing, no where to be found." Tenchi
"When was the last time you saw them?" Gray Fox 
"About an hour ago, they were sitting by the lake talking. I 
think I over hear Kiyone saying that she saw you sleeping." Tenchi
"And Ryoko and Ayeka?" Zero
"They were all sitting at the lake talking about well. us." 
Tenchi
"Was there an energy signature?" Zero
"Yeah there where 4." Double S
"Koran and his associates." Zero
"What makes you say that?" D Shade 
"I know him that well, he's done this before. But I didn't care 
about the others like I do her, and I will have her back." Zero
"Ok well how do we go about getting them back?" Tenchi
"Incoming!!!!!" Double S
Out of know where a dagger comes and lands a millimeter away from 
Zeros foot.
"Theirs a note attached (reads) {Well Zero I one-upped you again. 
But you didn't care about the others I figured that one more wouldn't 
hurt. I tell you this one is a keeper, my other associates will be 
having fun the other 5 but Sasami is all mine every and anytime I want 
her, but once again like you care. But I take by the ring on her finger 
that you really care about her, if you actually want to fight for this 
one meet me in the Sahara Desert. You have one hour.} 
Grrrrrrrrrraaaaaaahhhhhh, I'm going to kill that, sorry, useless, 
heartless, son of a bitch. If he hurts Ayeka, Ryoko or any of the other 
girls in anyway" Tenchi
"Let me see." Zero (reads not, eyes start to glow red) "Tenchi 
you wont lay a hand on him." 
"What your just going to let him get away with this, maybe he was 
right about you. You don't care about Sasamiiiiiiiiiiii (Zero is 
pointing her sword at Tenchis neck)." Tenchi
"Look Koran is mine, I will have his head at the end of my sword. 
I already have a lock on his energy signature; you guys go and train 
since he gave us an hour you have 55 minutes which is a year to work." 
Zero 

Meanwhile in the middle of the Sahara Desert. A menacing half-
brother is toying with some victims. Sasami and the others girls are 
stuck onto the wall by constriction rings holding their neck and other 
limbs in place and are struggling to break free. Koran pulls out a 
chair and sits right in front of Sasami. Two minuets before Zero and 
the others arrive.

~"Well Sasami my sweet, you are looking even better than ever." 
Koran 
"How could you do this to Zero? What type of person are you?" 
Sasami
"After the first 2 times it got really easy, he never really care 
too much about his girlfriends so there was nothing to worry about. But 
you, his fianc, what do you think your chances of him coming to save 
you are?"
"I know I'm special to him, and that alone means that he will be 
here and even if you are his brother there is no way in hell you'll 
live through a fight with him."
"I hope you people really didn't think that the training room was 
broken. I just set it to where I was the only one able to get in. Then 
I figured that my partners over there wanted some of the action so I 
let them in too. They were looking for some pretty girls, and I think 
that they will do (pointing to Ayeka and the others), but you on the 
other hand, you are all mine."
"What?!!!" Ayeka, Ryoko, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Washuu, and Sasami
"Hahaha, that's right Sasami. How dose it feel knowing that 
you'll be mine. I'll take you when and wherever I want. I'll kill Brian 
right in front of your face then make you my own. And there is nothing 
you or any of the others can do." Koran, he stands up and moves his 
hand around Sasamis neck gently massaging it.
"Stop please. Zero will have your head at the end of his sword." 
Sasami
"Who is going to stop me? (Grabs her left breast.) Now if you 
don't mind, I'm going to give you a preview of what's to come after 
Zero is dead. And if you do mind I don't care. (Loosens her belt and 
unbuttons her pants."
"No stop!!!" Sasami
"Get you hands off of my little sister." Ayeka
"Hehehe your in no position to stop me, and if I were you I'd 
watch the way I talk to my capture horrible things can happen to you." 
Koran

Beep Beep. Beep Beep. Beep Beep
"Damn, I'll have you for desert. I guess Zero is the main 
course." Koran

Zero and the others land in front of Koran. The mood instantly 
turns bad, the sky darkens and lighting crashes around the high levels 
of energy.

(Alright people, I apologize for the time it took me to get this 
out to you. Also I didn't what to do this but I guess you deserve a 
treat. If your wondering what it was, it's the fact that I didn't 
finish and still posted it. Personally I hate a fic where the writer 
leaves the readers hanging but this had to be done, E-mail me your 
reviews, what you say will determine if I finish the series or not)


