( ) = Narrator, me, Zero Cool, BMScaife@aol or the actions or a 
character.   
Category: Lemon / Crossover. This story has just a little DBZ   
Sake= cheep word for strong wine or beer.   
*= Thinking   
~ = Talk between two people   
FB= flash back   
Onsen= Dimensional Bathroom 

If you have any questions or comments about my story feel free to e-
mail me, my address is at the top of the page and right before you look 
at the story. And please enjoy. 

Important note: Ok here's the deal, After spending a year working on 
this damn thing I have decided to give it to my cousin to write. 
Hopefully she won't do a bad job. The great Commander Zero has retired. 
But don't worry, I'll read what she writes first. I hope you guys like 
Sailor Moon, that's one of her favorite shows, don't worry too much 
I'll make sure thing go well. Hey, I'm Little Megami and I'll be taking 
over. 

Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi or any of the other character, they are 
property of AIC and Pioneer so don't I repeat please do not sue me (I 
have no money so it would be futile). This story is just for fun. Also 
I got some ideas and terminology (I'm not sure of the meaning) from 
some of the other Lemon Fan Fics I hope you don't mind. Just want to 
let you know.   

The Newcomers 4
(or 3 continued)

Zero and the others land in front of Koran. The mood instantly 
turns bad, the sky darkens and lighting crashes around the high levels 
of energy. Koran and his associates go to meet their opponents. Zero 
and the other land in formation, angrily waiting for their chance. 
"Zero!!" Sasami   
"Sasami! Where are you?" Zero   
"She and the others are on the other side of the wall, she is a 
sexy little thing. I can't wait to get her all alone." Koran   
"If you touch her or any of the others I'll kill you." Tenchi   
"Tenchi you go and get the girls, we'll take care of the trash." 
Grey Fox   
"Ok guys, power up." Zero Lighting crackles around them as they 
increase their powers. Korans associates Soyao, Gerin, and Drekon look 
on in amazement then sheer terror. Sand tornados rise up and their 
powers increase, Koran isn't fazed at all by the display of their 
powers. "Well boys are you ready? This will be a piece of cake." Koran   
"Hell no!!! You must be out of your motherfuckin mind. You never 
said that they were that strong." Drekon   
"Those guys are going kill us for sure, them bitches aren't worth 
that much." Soyao   
"Listen, I don't know about you two but I'm taking my ass back to 
blue heaven." Says Gerin as he flies away from the battle site.   
"We're right behind you." Yell Soyao and Drekon in close pursuit.   
"Well, well, well, your on your own. I guess that four on one 
sounds like fun." Grey Fox   
"Not a chance I want you to go help Tenchi with the girls." Zero   
"Take your time, I'm not running anywhere." Koran   
"We're on it Zero." D Shade Zero and Koran get set into similar 
styles. With both fighter knowing that their counterpart is hiding the 
better part of their powers they stair each other down. Zero removes 
his sword and Koran follows suite, next goes Korans jacket and Zeros 
vest. Right before they were about to commence in the fight Tenchi 
comes running up.   
"Zero we need your help, we can't break the constriction rings." 
Tenchi   
"Oh that's right, I've been holding them there with that little 
trick that you taught me, and you know as well as I do that those rings 
are unbreakable." Koran Tenchi leads Zero to where Sasami and the 
others are being held. Sasami could barely contain her joy struggling 
to get free. The same was with the others trying to get back to their 
lover. Zero walks to Sasami and gently caresses her cheek; slowly she 
calms down but still tried to break free. "Honey (kisses her lips) calm 
down, you know that as long as I'm near you, no harm will come to you. 
You did nothing wrong so there is no need to fear me in anyway." Zero. 
Zeros words sooth her to the point of stillness. "Now hun remain 
perfectly calm, don't move at all." As she listens to her fianc‚ the 
rings slowly began to disappear, in an instant she is falling forward 
onto his chest. The others follow the same instructions and are also 
soon freed for their bonds.   
"How did you do that?" Koran   
"I never teach you something that I can't break or get out of. 
The rings that you learnt can be broken if the opponent stays calm. You 
have a lot to learn, but after today it wont matter at all." Zero. With 
concern written all over his face he pulls Washuu over to the side for 
a quick chat. ~"Little Washuu there is not doubt in my mind the Koran 
is going to die here today, but. I don't think I'll make it either." 
Zero   
"What are you talking about? You shouldn't have any problem at 
all beating him."   
"He he's right up there with me but the last attack I developed 
can destroy even the toughest opponent. When Koran and I start fighting 
I don't want you or anyone else near here. The blast is that bad."   
"We'll leave on the double, just keep the planet in tack or well 
you know."   
"Take care Washuu, by the way if I don't make it use the dragon 
balls (hands key to her) there in a cast iron box in my room."   
"Good luck Zero we'll all be rooting for you, especially Sasami."   
"Don't tell her anything I just told you. She doesn't need to 
worry about me."   
"But. but."   
"No buts, tell her noting."   

 Some where in the middle of space.   
"Sir. are you sure that we need to use that one? He's so ." Aron 
(Third class guardian)   
"You don't have a problem with my selection do you? Nova what do 
you think." Miles (Supreme guardian)   
"Well his friends are kinda attached to him, and well frankly 
he's too strong for his own good, and he's older than what we need for 
this mission." Nova (second class guardian)   
"Once again your right hun. We can take care of the age and the 
power level, as for his friends you'll need to talk to them face to 
face."   
"Her, why dose she got to talk to them?" Aron   
"Yes why me?" Nova   
"Because Aron, your not a people person. Look the battle is about 
to start." Miles 

On the battle field. 
~"Well now that everyone is gone let's get down to business." 
Zero   
"So be it but know this, you're not going to leave here alive."   
"I know, and you won't be going on ether."   
"What? What do you mean you know your not coming back alive?"   
"I mean this battle is going to kill both of us, believe that." 
Zero and Koran move into their stance again. Koran attacks first with a 
strait punch to the heart that what block, Zero counters with a similar 
attack also being blocked. Zero flip kicks him in the mouth then tries 
for a mega back fist but is kneed in the chest. At Tenchi's house. The 
battle between the two warriors rages on as the other are watching in 
Washuus Lab. 
"Damn that's going to hurt tomorrow, but I guess there won't be a 
tomorrow for him." Ryoko   
"Who's wining?" Tenchi   
"It looks kinda even form here, they have both risen to their 
highest levels and for what I can tell Zero is starting to gain the 
upper hand. Leave it to him to make you worry over nothing." Washuu   
"What are you talking about Washuu?" Sasami   
"Nothing, before that battle he said that he may not make it out 
of this battle alive." Washuu   
"Don't be so sure Miss. Washuu, the battle has just begun." Nova, 
appearing out of nowhere.   
"What is the meaning of this, who are you?" Ayeka   
"Yeah, and how did you get in here?" Kiyone   
"Maybe she used the back door like me." Mihoshi   
"I'm Nova, a second class guardian for this system. My um. leader 
ask that I speak with you." Nova   
"What is this about?" Sasami   
"We guardians are in charge of keeping a balance in the universe. 
On earth in a parallel universe there is a great evil force 
approaching, we will need to commandeer the services of Brian for some 
time." Nova   
"You can't really expect us to believe that, are you out of you 
damn mind." Grey Fox   
"Calm down, I'm sorry to give you this bit of bad news but he 
will die out there. That why we have to use him, there is no one else 
that has died and is that strong. Now if our calculations are correct 
he will only be gone for 1 year in your time, the I promises we'll 
bring him back good as new." Nova   
"No way, I'm not going to let you." Sasami   
"Please Princess Sasami, you really don't have a say in the 
matter. We just thought it better to tell you before you tried to bring 
him back with the dragon balls and it didn't work." Nova   
"We're his friends what do you mean we have no say?" Kiyone   
"I agree, there has to be something we can do?" D Shade   
"Not a thing, it's up to him, and we all know the he will accept 
the mission." Nova   
Tenchi and the others lower their heads knowing that she was 
right.   
"Koran is gaining the upper hand." Washuu   
"Ok, well is Koran going to win the battle?" Mihoshi   
"(Laughing) Nope, he's a dead man. It will all be over in five 
minuets." Nova Back at the battlefield, Koran is choking Zero. "How you 
doing brother, you know that after I done with you that Tasty little 
bitch Sasami is all mine." Koran   
"You won't lay a hand on her." Zero counters the chokehold and 
rams his elbow into his stomach. Both sliding back they charge at each 
other, throwing punches, kicks and energy balls to the other. Koran 
releases a lighting kick to Zero back, Zero fall forward hitting the 
ground with a great thud. He files high into the air and cups his 
hands. "Fare well bother. 
Kaaaaaamaaaaaahaaaaaaameeeeeeeeeehaaaaaaaaa!!!" The beam travels strait 
down to Zero, striking him with a great explosion. The entire earth is 
shaken for the energy of the blast. When the smoke clears there is no 
trace that Zero was ever there. Feeling that his opponent was 
completely obliterated Koran lands. Back at the house.   
"Zero!!!!!!!" Sasami, crying as the dust settled and there was 
nothing there.   
"You said that he was going to win." Grey Fox   
"Maybe I was wrong?" Nova   
"No his power level is still there." Washuu,  Korans victory was 
short live, as he was struck in the back by Zeros blade and special 
paralyze attack.   
"Sasami, I won't be coming back. But I. I love you." Zero   
Zero begins to gather all the energy around him forming a medium 
sized energy ball in his hands. Giving one final look he around he 
tosses the ball high into the sky.   
"Shower blast!!!!!!!!!!!!" Zero The ball travels strait up only 
gaining energy as it rises. The ball explodes into a beam with a 200-
mile radius. The beam comes down taking the lives of both Zero and 
Koran, and sending a shockwave over the next 500 miles. "Oh." Ayeka   
"My." Ryoko   
"God!!" Kiyone   
Sasami is sitting totally silent rocking back and forth in 
Tenchi's arms. Grey Fox was amazed at how much damage that ball did, if 
any of them were there they would have been killed for sure. Nova 
looked astonished after realizing the type of powers that they would 
have to remove from him. "Sasami it will be ok. Like she said he'll be 
back in a year, so don't worry." Tenchi   
"Your time in the training room prepared me to be away from him 
for an extended period." Sasami, making a vein attempt to smile.   
*Be brave Sasami, he'll be back for sure." Nova   
*Nova, return at once. He's here." Miles, using telekinesis Back 
in the Guardians Summit, in the middle of space 
"Ok here's the deal. You're going to Earth in a parallel universe 
to stop a great evil from taking over the planet you leave today so get 
ready." Aron   
"Let me think about it, um...... No! Now take me back to the 
check in station so I can be wished back." Zero   
"I'm sorry Mr. Sage. You'll have to excuse Aron, he's kinda 
stupid." Miles   
"What ever I'm going out." Aron, leaving the summit   
"Yes please excuse him he's not really a people person." Nova   
"You have five minuets." Zero   
"Fair enough. We are the guardians we're in charge of keeping a 
balance in each universe. Well in the next universe there will be a 
great unbalance." Miles   
"And what's this got to do with me?" Zero   
"Well, the problem is that we can only move the dead to the other 
universes. Other wise we would have contacted you at a later time to 
see if you could help up. If that were possible we wouldn't have to 
make any changes to your person." Nova   
"Um. right, changes to my person?"   
"What she's trying to say is that due to the time you'll be 
there, we'll have to change certain things about you so you can fit 
in." Miles   
"Ok Miss." Zero   
"Call me Nova." Nova   
"Ok Nova, what type of changes are we going to make to my 
person?" Zero   
"Well do to the time you'll be there, you'll have time to get 
acquainted with the guardians of that planet. They're kinda young, so 
we'll have to make you a bit younger. Also the one of them can read the 
future and would be able to pick up on your power, so we're going to 
cloak your powers. Are these changes ok with you?" Nova, snickers 
lightly   
"Who ever said I was going accept the mission? And what's so 
funny." Zero   
"You'll be 17 and enrolled in school again." Nova   
"Please. We're not going to force you into this. I'm sorry if you 
got that impression from Aron. But an entire planet is depending on 
you." Miles   
"Ok, I'll accept. I take it that you told the others already." 
Zero   
"How did you know?" Nova   
"You two seem kinda thoughtful, so I figured that you told them." 
Zero   
"You may go and see them if you please." Miles   
"No I hate good-byes. Speaking of which how long will I be gone?"   
"1 year, give or take a week or two." Miles   
"That's all, I thought it was a long time." Zero 

One-year and a week later at back at the Misaki house
"Where the hell is he, that girl said that he'd be back in a 
year." Sasami   
"Sasami, please calm down, Nova did say give or take didn't she?" 
Tenchi   
"No!! She didn't!!" Sasami   
"(Whispering to Ayeka) When he dose get back she's going to ride 
him until he can't move." Ryoko   
"I herd that Ryoko, like you and Tenchi and Ayeka? And he's never 
gone too long." Sasami   
"(Laughing) That's my girl." Zero sitting in a chair across the 
room.   
"Honey!!" Sasami, jumping and latching onto him while he's still 
in the chair   
"Sasami. can't breath. squeezing too tight." Zero   
"Come on were going up stairs right now." Sasami   
"Wait, Sasami before you go up there and paralyze him. Give him a 
chance to tell us what the other universe was like." Washuu   
"Well I tell you, it's not much different than it is around 
here." Zero   
"Did the mission go well?" Kiyone   
"It's was unbelievable, I had to go through school again." Zero   
"Oh my, what was your GPA?" Washuu   
"They were amazed, that a person the age of 17 could possess such 
knowledge. Needless to say I had a 4.0. But gather around and take a 
seat, I'll tell you what happen out there." Zero   

And thus ends this chapter in the adventures of Zero, Grey Fox, D 
Shade, Double S, and the Tenchi gang. If you want me to continue, I 
left and opening for the next story just incase, but I want five people 
to e-mail Zero so he can tell me to continue. This is Megami signing 
out.   
  

