( ) = Narrator, me, Zero Cool, BMScaife@aol 
Category: Lemon / Crossover. This story has just a little DBZ
Sake= cheep word for strong wine or beer.
*= Thinking
~ = Talk between two people	
FB= flash back
Onsen= Dimensional Bathroom

If you have any questions or comments about my story feel free to e-
mail me, my address is at the top of the page and right before you look 
at the story. And please enjoy.

Note: First of all this is not the Zero the computer, it's Zero Cool, 
ME.
Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi or any of the other character, they are 
property of AIC and Pioneer so don't I repeat please do not sue me (I 
have no money so it would be futile). This story is just for fun. Also 
I got some ideas and terminology (I'm not sure of the meaning) from 
some of the other Lemon Fan Fics I hope you don't mind. Just want to 
let you know.
Note: If you the name Zero or Zero Cool, It refers to the same person.
This Story is about my friends and I if were Juraiyan's  (Explained in 
the story).

The Newcomers

It's a regular day at the Misaki house, Ryoko and Ayeka are 
arguing over Tenchi. Tenchi shakes his head and begins to eat. Sasami 
(who is 17 now) is having a seat at the table. Kiyone is reading a 
newspaper and Mihoshi is pouring coffee in Kiyone's lap.

"Damn it Mihoshi watch what you doing!!" Yelled Kiyone jumping up 
from her seat and shaking her fist in the air.
"I'm sorry Kiyone I guess I wasn't paying attention to what I was 
doing." Apologizing. All of a sudden there was some yelling and a huge 
explosion.

"Chaos Beam. fire!!!!!" Man 1
"Final Blast!!!" Man 2
"Blaster Cannon Fire!!!" Man 3
"Oh shit. Kaaaaaaaaaaamaaaaaaaaaahaaaaaaaaamehaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!" 
Man 4 .... Boom.
A bright array of lights filled the room; there was another 
explosion and a splash.

"What the hell was that?! My energy meter just went through the 
roof!!" ask a concerned Washuu steeping from out of the lab.
"It came form out side, let's check it out!!" Ryoko

Tenchi and the gang left the table in a hurry to check out what 
has happened. Opening the front door they find three guys lying 
unconscious. Two were laid out against a tree and the other was lying 
on top of a rock. Ryoko, Ayeka and Tenchi picked them up and carried 
them over to the lake. The one Ayeka was holding started to wake up and 
move, then she panicked and dropped him on his head.

"Ow. Stupid Bitch!!!" Man3
"How dare you say that to the." Ayeka
"Oh shut your trap. I got a head ache" Man3
"Hey. you can't talk to her like that!! Tenchi standing beside 
Ayeka
"Is that so, and just what are you planning to do about it?!" 
Man2

The three young men got up and stood beside each other. Man3 was 
dressed in a pair of black boots, some dark blue jeans, and an open 
black vest with no shirt. Men 1&2 were dressed the same except 1 had a 
headband, also wearing a pair of black boots, some blue jeans, and a 
green vest with black trim, each of the young men had yellow hair and 
blue-green eyes.

"Hey you, you can't talk to Tenchi like that, I'll make you 
pay!!" Ryoko charging at man 2.

Ryoko forms an energy ball in her hand and sends it flying toward 
man 2, he just puts his hand out to try to catch it. The ball hits his 
hand and explodes, slightly burning it.

"Damn that hurt. Guys watch out she is stronger than she looks!" 
Man2
"Well now what's going on here, a little battle, huh can I join?" 
Yosho     Stepping in.
"Grandpa, should you fight?" Tenchi
"This should be simple enough" Yosho pulling out an energy blade
"It's never easy with us." Man3 says with a smirk. " Hey guys I 
can sense their power levels, with the exception of the girl with the 
blue hair we're about even." Whispering to the other two guys.
"Yeah and how strong is she?" Man3
"Quite a bit weaker than Zero Cool and not much stronger than 
were are." Man2
"Hey. when you fell wasn't there one more of you?" Kiyone
*Huh she doesn't know that Zero is here, we can use that to our 
advantage. Man2
"Enough chat lets fight!" Ryoko sends another and much stronger 
energy ball at her opponents. It connected and in a flash they were 
gone. "And that takes care of that, they'll never mess with Tenchi 
again." Ryoko with a sinister laugh.
"Not quite good enough." Man2. He and the others are on the roof 
of the house, they jump off and land on the ground where they started.

The two teams regroup and get ready for battle. On the one side 
is Tenchi with sword Tenchi, Ryoko with an energy blade, Yosho has an 
energy blade and Sasami using the Light hawk Wings. Man1 rushes and 
attacks Tenchi. He connects with a vicious roundhouse kick to the head 
and sends Tenchi into his back, Ryoko counters with a slice to the arm. 
Next men2&3 charge Yosho and hit him square in the ribs, man1 flies 
into the air and gives Ryoko a kick to the head. All of a sudden 
Sasami's eyes start to glow and she sends the three men back with a 
single blast. Once again she prepares to fire, and connects sending 
them against a huge bolder.

"One more blast should do it Sasami!!" Ryoko cheers holding her 
head.
"Ow my arm I think we may have under estimated her." Man3 holding 
his shoulder.

Sasami charges up for one final blast. All of a sudden a sword 
with a gray and black hilt sticking out of the ground. Then appears 
another guy; he's wearing a pair of gray boots, Dark blue jeans, a 
black belt with a sliver buckle, a black long sleeve shirt, and a gray 
vest with black trim, and a pair of metal wristbands, and has golden 
yellow colored hair and green eyes.

"Uh Kiyone, remember when you ask wasn't there another one. Well 
I think we're in trouble?" Mihoshi with a scared look on her face.
"Are you kidding, Sasami will blow him to pieces!!" Kiyone 
clenching her and waving it in the air.
"Hey guys, sorry it took me so long to get here but I want to see 
how well you would handle the situation. Well that and the fact that I 
can't find my Sunglasses, so I can't get an exact lock on their powers, 
but they seen very strong." Man4
"Well Zero thanks for taking your sweet time, hey aren't those 
yours over there in the water?" Man1 pointing to the edge of the lake.
"Thanks Shorty Solder or Double S as I like to call you." Zero 
Cool. Looking over at his glasses he uses telekinesis to bring them 
over to him. "Damn, they were damaged in the blast, but should be ok 
soon." He places the Sunglasses on his forehead.
"Hey you, the jerk in the Gray and Black vest who are you?!" 
Ayeka
"Man you are a bitch. anyway my name is Zero Cool but my friends 
call me Zero. This is Shorty Solder or Double S for short, that is his 
brother Gray Fox, and this is D Shade." Zero pointing out his friends. 
(This is from man1 to 3).
"Well Zero it doesn't matter who you are after Sasami turns you 
into dust." Ayeka

Sasami charges up an energy blast and aims directly for Zero, who 
is standing there with his arms crossed. She fires and he puts one hand 
out waiting for the blast. It connects, but to Tenchi's gangs surprise 
especially Sasami's he was holding it.

"Well that was fun and entertaining." Zero says tossing the ball 
into space. " Now it's my turn." Zero says. Everyone looks on in wonder 
as his eyes and hair change to black. 
"Well that was impressive... not " Ryoko laughs.
"Oh yeah, Just wait. Kaioken times 20!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Zero 
yells as a red energy field engulfs his body.

Now Ryoko is looking worried as he changes back, now an orange 
energy field is surrounding his body. Going in to a fighter's stance he 
cups hid hands. The earth starts to shake and water is rising from the 
lake, and boulders and rocks are rising from the earth.

"Ryoko, you just had to get him mad didn't you?!!!" Ayeka yelled 
holding onto Tenchi.
"It was a mistake, how was I suppose to know he was that 
strong!!!" Ryoko
"Kaaaaaaaaaaamaaaaaaaaaahaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!" Zero yells, 
energy surging through his body, his sunglasses slide from his forehead 
over his eyes.

--------------------------Beep, beep, beep, beep, click----------
-----------------

"Hay your princess Ayeka aren't you, and your Sasami and Yosho of 
the Jurai royal family?!" Zero powering down.
"Um. yes, how did you know that?" Ayeka with a puzzled look on 
her face.	
"These glasses give me the profile of anyone that I meet or am 
fighting, sorry about the mix up. I hope I didn't scare you." Zero 
looking rather embarrassed.
"Well let's take stock. You were about to kill us; your friend 
over there kicked Ryoko and me in the head, you have rocks and boulders 
rising out of the ground, and you and your other friend called Ayeka a 
bitch!!!" Tenchi yells in frustration.
"Hey calm down!! If I knew who you were, I would have stopped 
them earlier." Zero says pulling his sword out of the ground.
"Well, well, well you are an impressive specimen. Would you let 
me run some test on you and your partners?" Washuu walking up to him.
"Wait, one sec." Zero clicking a button on the side of his 
glasses. "Your Washuu the greatest scientific genius in the universe."
"That's correct" Washuu raising a finger into the air.
"Hey why don't we all go inside and cool off?" Tenchi walking 
toward the house.

The groups of fighters walk inside walk into the house and have a 
seat in the living room. Tenchi goes to the refrigerator to get some 
ice for his, Ryoko's, Yosho's and the other three mysterious fighters 
injuries.

"So tell me, what brings four young men like your selves to this 
place?" Yosho, placing an ice pack on his ribs.	
"Well we're going through our regular training process, I fight 
them three on one, but things started to heat up." Zero folding his 
arms and closing his eyes.
"Why, would you fight them three on one, are you really that much 
stronger than them?" ask Sasami wrapping a bandage around Double S's 
cut shoulder.
"Not really, I'm about 3/4th stronger, and know more moves, but 
never under estimate them, they can raise their power just like me." 
Zero explains.
"If, that's the case then why did you wait so long when we were 
fighting?" Ryoko
"I just wanted to see what they were up against and I couldn't 
find my sunglasses." Zero says, taking off his glasses.
"May I take a look at them?" Washuu
"Sure but don't break them." Zero
"Where did you get them, these are even above my technology." 
Washuu
"Oh yeah, I probably forgot this part, we're aliens and from the 
future." Zero
"What kind, most of us her are alien or part alien." Kiyone
"Well were a mixture, but are called Juraiyan. A mixture of 
Jurian and Sayian." Double S.
"A what?" Sasami
"A Juraiyan, our mothers were Saiyan's and our fathers were part 
of the missing Jurian Royal Family." Gray Fox
"Can you four come down to my lab?" Washuu
"You guys go ahead, I'm going to train on my own for a wile." 
Zero standing up.
"Um Zero. can I come?" Sasami
"Well. sure, I think I can teach you to gain better control of 
your power." Zero
"Great, lets get going." Sasami
"Alright, grab my hand. Are you ready, good bye you guys." Zero 
says, and then both Zero and Sasami disappear.
"I've got to get him to teach him to teach me that one." D Shade.
"What did he do?" Washuu.
"That is one of his favorite moves, it's called Instant 
Transmission" Gray fox
"It's really teleportation." Ryoko

Washuu leads the three fighters to the lab and ask them to remove 
their clothing, they hesitantly cooperate. Outside on the mountain 
Sasami and Zero are talking; Tenchi is sitting on the couch with Ayeka 
and Kiyone, and Mihoshi is sleeping in a chair. Ryoko is in a tree 
watching Zero and Sasami.

~"Ok Sasami watch me, this move I call Inner Blast (not a 
DragonBall move). It's the sneakiest move I've got." Zero says picking 
up a medium sized rock.
"Zero you know, your eyes are something else, they're so dark." 
Sasami, staring into his eyes.
"Hum. thanks, now watch this." Zero begins to build up his energy 
and concentrates it all into the arm with the rock, the rock starts to 
glow and all of a sudden the glow disappears.
"Ok, what now?" looking lovingly
"Watch this" Zero throws the rock into the sky.
"And, what's so great about that?" Sasami walks over to Zero, 
next Zero points his arms strait out then lifts two fingers up. A 
bright light over comes the entire area, and then a huge explosion. The 
force knocks Sasami off the edge of the mountain; Zero appears under 
her and carries her back to the top.
"Thank you . ze.ro" Sasami stands on her toes and gives Zero a 
kiss.
"Your very welcome and pretty. Hey Ryoko did you learn any 
thing!?" Rubbing his hand through Sasami's hair.
"Ryoko, where is she?"
"Over there in the tree."
"I must admit, that is the most impressive blast I've ever seen." 
Ryoko appearing beside Sasami. "You sure are something aren't you 
Zero."

In the lab........
 
Washuu has already finished with Gray Fox and D Shade but Double 
S is still strapped on to Washuu's table. Washuu is typing in some data 
into the computer and asking him some questions.

~ "Ok Double S, I'm going to ask you some questions please answer 
truthfully."
"Alright, shoot."
"How old are you and your friends."
"Well D Shade is 25, Zero and I are 24 and Gray Fox is 23."
"Great, next are those your real names?" looking rather innocent.
"Well. no."
"Will you tell me your real names?"
"I would, then Zero would kill us."
"Well then can you tell me your name?"
"Sure it's Daniel"
 "He doesn't really like me dose he?"
"Him, he doesn't anyone, but I have this strange felling between 
him and Sasami."
"What makes you think that?"
"Well did you see the may she looks at him, and he let her train 
with him. Normally he would threaten to send anyone who ask to train 
with him to the next demission."
"Next, what do you think of me?"
"I think your very pretty, how old are you?"
"Do you really want to know?"
"Yeah, how old could you be: 18, 20, 22?"
"Well. I'm 20,000 years old."
"No really, well anyway you still look good."
"Thank you?" Washuu says. She walks over and gives him a kiss 
rubbing her hair against his chest.
"Ah. that feels good."

She walks back over to the computer and presses some buttons. The 
locks on the table unlatch and Double S makes his way over to her. 
Washuu has a seat in a chair and moves a strand of hair out of her 
face, waiting for the mysterious fighter to make love to her. He grabs 
her waist and lifts her shirt over her head. She complies and grabs his 
hands lowering them to her chest; he begins to massage her fully formed 
breast. She moans and moves her hand back to her control panel 
searching for the room button. Finally finding the button she hits it 
and the lab changes to a bedroom design. Surveying his new 
surroundings, Double S picks up Washuu and moves her over to the bed 
and removes her dress. Washuu looks down at Double S and gives him a 
passionate kiss, probing his mouth with her tong, he then removes her 
panties lowering his head down to her neither lips, French kissing the 
area.

"Ah, Double S. that feels soooooooooo good."
Back up stairs in the kitchen "What do you think of our new 
visitors Ayeka?" Tenchi.
"I'm not sure, they seem nice enough, except that Zero Cool. He 
scares me." Ayeka, pouring a glass of Sake.
"Well I think they're nice. I mean it they wanted to hurt us they 
could have." Mihoshi, who is sipping her drink.
"I must agree with Mihoshi, they do seem nice. Double S and Gray 
Fox are out helping Kiyone fix her ship and Zero is training Sasami." 
Tenchi
"What about um what his name, um Double S? Where is he?" Mihoshi
"I think he's still in the lab with Washuu. Hey do you guys hear 
that?" Ayeka, muffled moans are coming from the lab.

Back in the lab Double S is on top of Washuu and is positioning 
his member at the entrance to her. He thrust down and Washuu lets out a 
loud moan.
"Are you ok?"
"Yeah, it's been so long I've felt that kind of pleasure."
Once again he pushes down and Washuu grabs his shoulders, again 
Double S presses down and Washuu tightens her grip on his shoulders 
digging her fingernails into him. He lets out a cringe as he begins to 
bleed, blood trickling from his shoulders onto the sheet.
"Oh no, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to. Are you ok?"
"Just fine, what about you?"
Washuu now turning him over and climbing on top she begins to 
bounce up and down on him member, coming to a second climax she almost 
faints onto the floor. Grabbing her waist he turns her over and 
thrusting into her once again he then comes to a climax also passing 
out on her chest.

Back on the mountain........

"Again!!!" Zero, who is cupping his hands and breathing hard.
"Are you sure, you look warn out!?" Ryoko
"If you insist." Sasami.
"Kaaaaaaaaaaamaaaaaaaaaahaaaaaaaaamehaaaaaaa!!!" Both Sasami and 
Ryoko yell sending two energy waves toward Zero.
"Kaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahaaaaaaaaaaamehaaaaaaaaa
!!!!" Zero yells sending an energy wave of his own at his own at 
theirs.
"The three powers meet in a huge explosion, sending them hurtling 
toward the house. When the smoke clears Zero is holding his arm, Ryoko 
is staggering toward him and Sasami is lying on the ground.
"Damn it, I used too much power. Ryoko we need to get her into 
the house now!"
The two walk in carrying Sasami, Zero and Ryoko place Sasami on 
the couch.
"Really what is going on in here? What did you do to Sasami, is 
she ok?!" Ayeka
"She's really tuff, but I may have used too much power. Where 
should we take her?" Zero: who is leaning over Sasami in a concerned 
way.
"Lets put her in her room." Ryoko who is still a bit shaken from 
the explosion.
"I'll take care of her, Ryoko you rest for a while. Ayeka where's 
Gray Fox, I need to get in contact with him." Zero
"He and D Shade are with Kiyone working on the ship." Tenchi
"I'll be right back." Zero, teleports away and then comes back 
with a small bag.
"Wake up Sasami. Sasami, Sasamiiiiii."
"Ohh. Zero. My arm hurts." Sasami, who is crying and holding her 
arm.
"Here eat this." Zero says giving Sasami a Sensue Bean. Sasami 
eats one of the beans and immediately gets up.
"What was that? I feel great now." Sasami
"It's called a Sensue Bean. They restore you to full strength and 
heel any broken bones or damaged parts. Here you go Ryoko." Zero, 
handing a Bean to Ryoko.
"Thank you Zero. Wow I haven't felt this good, since I first met 
Tenchi." Ryoko
"I'm really impressed, you learned the Kamahameha in one try. Son 
Goku said that anyone who could learn that move in one try had true 
power and lots of potential."
"Who is Son Goku?" Ayeka, rubbing Sasami's arm.
"He was my teacher, and is the strongest fighter in the 
universe." Zero
"He's stronger than you?" Ayeka
"No, not really. In fact were even in power, but he would beat 
me." Zero
"If you are even in power, why would he be able to beat you?" 
Tenchi
"Tenchi don't be so na‹ve. They can have the same power but Goku 
has more experience in fighting." Ryoko, who is hanging around Tenchi's 
neck.
"Sasami are you sure your ok." Ayeka
"Well I'm still a bit sore but other than that I feel fine. I'm 
going to the Onsen, Zero follow me." Sasami says staring into his eyes.
"What's an Onsen?" Zero
"Oh I forgot you're new here. The Onsen is a dimensional bathroom 
that Washuu created. "It's like a huge lake but with warm water, come 
on."
"Alright I'm coming, I'm coming." Zero, being pulled along by a 
playful Sasami.
Zero and Sasami have left the room and Tenchi, Ryoko, Mihoshi, 
and Ayeka are talking.
"Tenchi I still don't trust that Zero guy." Ayeka who is poring 
another cup of Sake and handing it to Ryoko.
"I think there is something between him and Sasami." Ryoko
"No you're kidding, he doesn't seem like the type who would have 
time for a girlfriend." Mihoshi, grabbing the bottle of Sake and 
pouring a drink.
"I think Ryoko is right, it's even hard for me to keep away from 
him and his friends." Kiyone, who has returned from the ship, is 
walking into the kitchen and has a seat beside Mihoshi.
"You too?" Ayeka: pouring Kiyone a glass of Sake.
"Yeah, I mean sure, they're very quiet and have a mean streak in 
them, but they are very cute and seen trust worthy, especially Gray 
Fox.
"By the way, where are Gray Fox and D Shade?" Tenchi
"They said something about training and the mountain." Kiyone
"Their probably going to the same place Zero, Sasami and I went 
to train." Ryoko
"He let you train with him?! Gray Fox said that he would threaten 
to send anyone who tried to train with him to the next dimension." 
Kiyone who looks rather surprised.
"Not Sasami and me, he even taught us a new move, the 
Kamahameha."
"I think that Zero has a split personality." Washuu staggering 
from the lab.
"Washuu are you ok? You look like you just got hit buy a bus. We 
herd some strange noises coming form the lab." Tenchi
"Tenchi, as strong as Double S is it felt like I got hit by a 
Mack Truck." Washuu having a seat beside Ryoko. Ayeka pours Washuu a 
glass of Sake.
"I don't think we want to know what you mean, but tell us 
anyway." Kiyone 
"Well I was taking some data some data from him and asking some 
questions." Washuu was cut-off by Kiyone.
"What did you ask him?" Kiyone
"Well the data and answers were very interesting. All four of 
them are in there 20's and those are not their real names." Washuu
"What are their real names?" Ayeka
"Well, Double S wouldn't tell me, he said that Zero cool would 
kill him if he told me. Anyway, one thing led to another and we wound 
up sleeping together, it was incredible. It had been so long since I've 
had sex." Washuu
"Well, why do you say he has a split personality." Tenchi
"If you recall from earlier today when he was about to kill us he 
sounded very different from when we were talking in the house." Washuu
"Washuu I really think that Sasami has a strange effect on him." 
Ayeka
"Why do you say that?" Kiyone.
"From my experiences with Zero today, I think that he only wanted 
to train Sasami but he knew that I was watching them. So he decided to 
ask me to join them." Ryoko
"You say he knew you were there, was he wearing those 
sunglasses?" Washuu
"No?" Ryoko
"Well then, I think he and his friends can also sense power 
levels."

In the Onsen......

~ " Sasami are you sure you are ok." Zero with his back turned 
while she got undressed.
"I'm ok, you can turn around now."

Sasami is sitting at the edge of the water and monitions for Zero 
to come over. She is wearing nothing but a pink towel. Zero still with 
a concerned look on his face stares at her shoulder, raising his hand 
he points out his index finger and pokes her in the arm.
"Owwwwwwww. what did you do that for." Sasami clenching her arm.
"You were lying to me, you should have told me that shoulder was 
hurting."
"Can you help me?" Looking into his eyes in a passionate way.
"Yes, move over to the couch."

Sasami walks over to the couch and has a seat.

"Lay down, and make you self comfortable." Zero cracking his 
knuckles.
"What are you going to do to me?"
"Well I'm planning to massage your back."
"Alright, be gentile."

With this Zero places his hand on her back and begins to rub her 
back and forth, pushing down on her shoulders. She folds her arms and 
rests her hands on them.

"You look uncomfortable?" Zero says and hands her a soft pillow 
that was behind the couch. Zero resumes rubbing he back and starts to 
move his hands to her sides.
Um. Zero. is this towel getting in your way?"
"Well um. a little."
"You can take it off it you'd like."

Zero has an astonished look on his face but instead of removing 
the towel he lowers it to the bottom of her waist. She shivers as his 
fingers touched her body, taking some time to admire the young princess 
he runs his fingers along her ribcage.

Back in the house............

"Tenchi do you think we should of left her in the onsen alone 
with Zero?" Ayeka 
"She'll be fine. I mean she's not reckless." Tenchi
"But she is 17 and from what I've seen rather horny right now."
"I trust her judgment and say that what ever she decides to do is 
fine with me."
"If you say so."
"I do, lets go to the lake and talk."

Back in the Onsen............

"Oh Zero that feels so good, go lower."
"Wait, I don't think that Ayeka would approve of this."
"Don't worry about her, I'm old enough to make my own decisions."

Zero then moves his hands down and begins to rub her legs, then 
moves back up and start to concentrate his attention on her injured 
arm.
"Sasami this may hurt in the beginning" Zero says placing his 
hands on her arm, he looks down and notices that there was a difference 
in the height of the bones in her shoulders. One of the bones was 
higher and almost sticking out, he closes his eyes and with a quick 
snap and a yell he repositions her shoulder bone. Sasami screams as an 
energy field appears around her knocking Zero against the wall.

"My god. Zero I feel so much better. Zero. Zero. Zeroooo. where 
are you? The dust settles and Sasami finds him against the wall sitting 
down and shaking his head. He stands up and looks over ay her. "Are you 
ok?"
"Wow, just fine and impressed, I didn't hurt you did I?"
"A little but my arm feels great now. Will you continue rubbing 
my back?"
"Sure, why not" Zero says while cracking his neck. "Hop back onto 
the couch."

Laying down again Zero continues to rub her legs and feet, and 
moves back to her upper body. Sasami turns to face him and ask for him 
to do her front.

"Are you sure you want me to do that?"
"Please, it feels so good."
"If you insist."

Shrugging his shoulders he places his hands on her chest and 
begins to massage her breast. She groans as he moves his hands down to 
her thighs, and back up to her breast. She looks up at the fully 
clothed fighter and begins to remove his vest, she slides it off and it 
knocks the air out of her as it falls onto her stomach.

"Un. Zero. your vest weights a ton." Gasping for air.
"It's specially made for training purposes. It's 60 pounds, and 
my shirt is 90. All of my cloths are weighted." Zero says removing his 
shirt and boots, and pulling the vest off of her stomach.

She runs her fingers across his chest as he rolls her on top of 
him. They young princess removes his belt (15 pounds) and starts to 
unzip his pants, next she removes a T-Shirt that he was wearing and 
finds a gold chain with a Jurian symbol. He looks deep into her eyes 
and unwraps the towel that was still around her waist and sees a small 
patch of blue hair.

"Zero. your staring. see something you like."
"Before we get started wait one second." Zero closes his eyes and 
concentrates; Sasami looks up and notices that his hair is changing 
color, from gold to black.
"What did you do?"
"I changed back to my first form, a regular Sayian." He says 
opening his eyes to reveal that they too were black.
"I love your hair." Running her hands through it.
"Thanks." He says removing his pants (250 Pounds)

(Bet you didn't think you'd hear from me, since I'm in this 
story. Anyway all together my training cloths weight 915 pounds.)

He puts his arms around her and begins to kiss her, twirling his 
tong around in her mouth; Sasami quickly catches on and begins to do 
the same. Placing her hand around his waist she removes his boxers (0.5 
pounds) and finds his member throbbing as he looks upon her naked body, 
she lowers her head and begins to suck on his dick licking around the 
head. He sighs as she engulfs his entire member moving it back and 
forth.

"Uh. Sasami think. we can find a better place to do this." He 
says in bliss as she releases his member form her mouth.
"Sure. we can go to my room. No one enters without my permission 
thanks to the lock that Washuu installed."
"Think of your room." He says placing two fingers on her 
forehead, she gets the picture in her mind and Zero teleports them into 
her room.
"How did you do that?"
"Well since I can also read minds I took the image of your room 
and transported us here." The two pick up where they left off, Sasami 
positions her self on Zeros member and begins to move back and forth.

Back at the onsen.....

"Sasami. Sasami. Sasasmiii. I wonder where she could be Tenchi?" 
Ayeka
"Ayeka I don't feel good about this I trust Sasami in what ever 
she wants to do!" Tenchi, looking around for Sasami.
Look these are the cloths that Zero was wearing, and a pink 
towel. Oh no... she didn't."
"Ok Ayeka. I know what your thinking and you may be right, but 
neither of them are here. They could have gone for a walk you know."
"Tenchi are you going crazy, tell me would you go walking naked 
through the forest?"
"I see your point but I still say what she dose is her business, 
and we don't have the right to medal in her life. I'll have no part of 
this." With that Tenchi leaves the onsen.

Back in Sasami's room........

Zero has Sasami against the wall and drives into her lifting her 
off the ground. She is panting and moaning as her legs wrap around his 
stomach, he lowers his head and begins to kiss at her chest sucking on 
one of her breast, circling her nipple with his tong. Both Sasami and 
Zero come to their climax at the same time and fall asleep in Sasami's 
bed, with his arms around her. The two lay there not aware that Washuu 
was watching them on the hidden camera and Ryoko has teleported into 
the room.

"Man. I can't wait to tell Ayeka and the others about this." 
Ryoko whispers to her self. Looking over at the two she notices that 
Zeros eye lids just had just twitched and his eyebrows had moved 
together in an angry way. "Huh, I think I'll leave." Ryoko teleports 
onto the roof.

As she leaves Zeros eyes sprang open and he slides out of bed so 
he didn't disturb Sasami. Using the Instant Transmission he teleports 
to the onsen to retrieve his combat gear, then teleports to find Ryoko, 
who is sitting on the roof.

"I see you saw something you shouldn't have seen Ryoko." Says 
Zero appearing behind Ryoko with his eyes glowing red. Ryoko leaps 
forward and throws a 6-piece combo at Zero; he just steps back and 
waits. Ryoko concentrates and uses her doppelganger technique. Zero 
gives a snicker and charges at the two Ryokos gives each one a quick 
hit and steps back, the two go back into one and she gets back up.
"How did you know that I was there?"
"You have an impressive power level, so I could sense when you 
were in the room. Listen to me, don't you tell a soul about what you 
saw. OR I WILL KILL YOU!" he says with his eyes changing to green, and 
hair to gold."
"Hey my lips are sealed but I don't know about Washuu."
Zero stares at Ryoko and closes his eyes concentrating.
"Damn it, Washuu knows. She has cameras posted around the house, 
I wonder if Tenchi knows about this?"
"What the hell? Can you read minds?"
"As a matter of fact yes I can, and I will never do it again with 
out your permission. But on one condition, you don't tell anyone about 
what Sasami and I did."
"You have a deal, but what about Washuu."
"Oh I'll take care of her tomorrow." Zero says teleporting away.

Back in Sasami's room: Sasami has woken up and is wondering where 
her lover has gone.

"Zero. where did you go? please come back."
"I'm right here, had to have a little talk with Ryoko." 
Reappearing in the bed next to Sasami once again naked.
"What about?"
"She decided to come in here while we were asleep, and I think 
that she was going to tell the others about you and me sleeping 
together.
"Really, you didn't hurt her did you?"
"Naw, just a life less threat to take her life."
"I hope she doesn't tell Ayeka, she'll have a cow. I don't' see 
why, after all the thing she said she wants to do with Tenchi."

Next morning. at breakfast.

Every one is especially quite, and they all have their eyes on 
Sasami and Zero.
"Well damn it, say something." Gray Fox.
"Sasami what did you do last night, owwwwww Tenchi that hurt." 
Ayeka
"Ayeka, I thought I said that what Sasami dose is her business 
and not to interfere." Tenchi pinching Ayeka's thigh.
"Thank you Tenchi. Ayeka I love him why can't you understand 
that." Sasami
"Well what do you know about love???!!!" Ayeka
"I could ask you the same question!!" Sasami
"I um, well." Ayeka
"Hahaha what's the matter, cat got you tong." Ryoko
"Well the way I see it Ayeka, you don't have a say in this, she 
is old enough to make her own choices." Washuu
"I feel the same way about Zero as you do about Tenchi." Sasami
"I thought you love Tenchi, Sasami?" Mihoshi
"I do, but in a different way. I don't go chasing after Tenchi 
because I know that Ayeka and Ryoko have a crush on him." Sasami
"Do you love Zero, Sasami?" Ayeka
"Yes I do!" Sasami
"Is it just me or has Zero not moved since we started this 
conversation."
"Aw damn it, not again Zero." Gray Fox, he reaches back and grabs 
a stake knife throws it at Zero's chest. Sasami reaches over and slaps 
Gray Fox.
"Why the hell did you throw that at him?" Sasami who is about to 
punch him.
"Owwwwww, he's not even there, see." Gray Fox. The image of Zero 
disappears.
"He's right behind you Sasami." D Shade
"Zero where did you go?" Kiyone
"I used a move called Zanzoken and went to the onsen to get the 
chain I left there last night." Zero, his eyes turn light blue
"Zanzoken? What type of move is that?" Mihoshi
"Well you move so fast that an after image is left, so it looks 
like you never left." D Shade.
"Cool, can you teach me that one?" Sasami and Ryoko 
"Well it depends."
"Depends on what?"
"Washuu. Washuu can you do two things for me?"
"Sure, what do you need?" Washuu
"#1 destroy that tape of me and Sasami. (His eyes change to red). 
And #2 make a training room." Zero
"I'll take care of the tape, but you get your training room on 
one condition. You let me get some data from you." Washuu
"Deal." Zero
"Great, what type of training room." Washuu
"Lets see, Gravity enhancements, endless space, training weights, 
and a holographic area setting." Zero 
"Ok it should be done by tomorrow morning." Washuu

Latter that day.

Kiyone and Mihoshi are sunbathing. Sasami and Zero are sparing 
against Tenchi and Gray Fox. Washuu is in the lab Ayeka and Ryoko are 
watching soap operas, and D Shade and Double S are helping Yosho at the 
shrine.

Tenchi and Sasami are lock into a power struggle and Zero and 
Gray Fox are sending energy blast at each other. Sasami steps behind 
Tenchi and spin kicks him in the back, he falls forward and mule kicks 
her in the chest. Zero powers up and punches Gray Fox in the arm, Gray 
Fox counters and tosses him backward he lands on one hand and pushes 
him self high into the air. Zero and Sasami land next to each other and 
go into the same stance. The ground begins to shake and their hair 
stands up, the two cup their hands. 
"Kaaaaaaaaaaamaaaaaaaaaahaaaaaaaaamehaaaaaaa!!!" both Sasami and Zero. 
Tenchi raises his Jurian shield and Gray Fox powers up. The two blasts 
connect hitting their targets and dissipate. Both pairs of fighter's 
power up and form energy blades in their hands. They begin fighting 
back and forth.
(Hey, a good night of Sex would through anyone off there game.)

"Hey Kiyone, how is the fight?" Double S
"Hi, it's pretty good, it's going back and forth." Kiyone
"Hey Gray Fox!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Let me take your place." Double 
S
"Ok. aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhggggggg!!!!" Gray Fox kicking Zero to the 
ground.
"WILL ZERO COOL PLEASE REPORT TO WASHUU'S LAB IMEDEATLY." 
Loudspeaker
"Hey I got to go. D Shade take my place." Zero hitting Gray Fox 
with an energy ball.
"Ok." D Shade.

In Washuu's lab. ...........

~"Welcome Zero, have a seat." Washuu
"Ok" Zero has a seat in the chair and locks came around his hands 
and feet.	
"I'm going to ask some question, I want you to answer 
truthfully."
"Shoot"
"Well, do you love Sasami?"
"Of course I do!" Zero's eyes change to light blue
"Ok, next, why do you eyes change like that?"
"They change with my emotions. LOVE= light blue, Anger= Red, 
Super Saiyan= Green and Normal= Black."
"Zero, very good. Why are you here?"
"I herd an ancient prophesy about the Universes Strongest 
Fighter."
"Really, what did it say?"
"It said. On the day of a huge war, a full moon will shine along 
with 3 suns. The heroin of the battlefield is presumed dead, blood and 
a tear will be shed and the true hero will be awakened. But be warned 
if the hero dose not learn the truth, the hero shall be destroyed by 
his own power."
"Ok, I made a note of that. Next tell me about the Kaioken 
attack."
"The Kaioken attack is a power up attack. But there is a problem; 
your body must be able to take the amount of power your trying to 
conduct. Other wise you'll destroy your self."
"Well, I'll make sure to remember that. Next go into that chamber 
and raise your power level as high you can."
"Ok" Zero steps into a glass chamber. 
"Gggggggrrrrrrraaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh" A yellow energy felid appears and 
the counter on Washuu's computer goes off.
"My god, 50,000,000!!!!!!!!! This is incredible!!!!!!!!!" Washuu 
looking at the data on the computer. Sparks begin to shoot up and the 
computer screen is flashing danger. "Stop, stop, stop!!!!!!!!!!!! 
That's enough!!!!!!!"
"What did I get?"
"It says 100,000,000 it's too much!!!" an astonished Washuu.
"Something's wrong, try my scanner. It's on the table by the 
chair, tap the visor once, look at me then tap it again."
Click. click" Ok it says 50,000,000, that sounds about right."
"Yeah, any thing else?" Zero stepping out of the containment 
unit.
"One last thing, explain to me this Super Sayian transformation."
"Ok, the transformation is a huge surge of energy, your strength, 
speed, agility, and over all power is increased greatly. This change is 
accomplished when the fighter has built up the anger inside then the 
anger is increase the desire of revenge therefore pushing the power 
level to the max. Son Goku said that there was more than one Super 
Sayian transformation. But I've never seen it."
"Really, how many did he say there were?"
"I think, um. 4."
"Well I have all the data I need, you can leave now."
"Good, and one other thing, the tape, where is it?"
"Oh yeah, here you go." Washuu hands the tape over to him with a 
sly smile. Zero closes his eyes and concentrates
"Thanks, but I'd like the other two also."
"How did you know, oh never mind here you go." Washuu looks 
disappointed.
"Thanks." Zero immediately incinerates the tapes. "As I said to 
Ryoko, I'll never read your mind again, having that power really comes 
in handy though. Bye now." Zero stats to leave the lab.
"Your welcome, and I'll have you training room done in 30 
minutes."
"Thanks, bye."

Zero reappears back outside........ 

"Zero you didn't do anything with her, did you?" Double S
"No!!, I answered her question, powered up, and left." Zero
"Oh, so that's why the house was being levitated." Ayeka
"The training room will be done in a half an hour" Zero
"What did she want?" Sasami
"Just the basics, weight, height, age, genetic makeup, you know." 
Zero, removing his vest.
"Zero, let's pick up back where we left off." Gray Fox
"Ok, but no holding back." Zero Cool
"Deal, D Shade count us off." Gray Fox
"Mark. Set...and.......GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" D Shade

Zero and Gray Fox jump toward each other, Zero grabs him by his 
shirt collar and slams him face first into the ground. Gray Fox flips 
forward and kicks Zero in the face, Zero lands on one hand and sends a 
small beam at Gray Fox's head. He dodges the beam and runs right toward 
Zero, Gray Fox tries a spin wheel kick, he connected but hit nothing 
but an image, and Zero grabs him from behind and chocks him out.

"Man that was tough, your getting better but I still win." Zero
"Thanks your going to have to teach me that move." Gray Fox.
"I'm going for a walk, coming Sasami." Zero
"Not right now, maybe later, I'm going to start dinner." Sasami
"I'll help you." Mihoshi
"Ok, I'll see you all later." Zero



Every one has left. Zero is out walking through the forest. 
Sasami and Mihoshi are cooking diner. Washuu is analyzing the data from 
Zero and the others. Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko, Double S, and D Shade are 
watching soap operas. Kiyone and Gray Fox are in the onsen.

"How long have you and Zero Been training together?" Kiyone, 
getting undressed behind the screen.
"Ever since we were kids, Zero was always on top. He and I are an 
unbeatable team." Gray Fox in the water and looking at the figure 
behind the screen
"What is his real name?"
"I can't tell you, even though he's a nice guy sometimes, I'm the 
only one who knows his real name and is still alive. He would kill me 
and you if you found out."
"What's you real name?" Kiyone coming, from behind the screen and 
sliding into the water.
"Promise you won't laugh."
"I'd never laugh at you." Running a finger across his chest.
"Ok my real name is. . Robert" Gray Fox, Kiyone snickers
"Robert? Really!" Laughing
"Good-bye" Gray Fox disappearing
"Oh no, I didn't mean to laugh. I just never. aaaaaaahhhhhhhh" 
Gray Fox reappears behind Kiyone and gives her a kiss on the neck.
"Are you enjoying yourself, do you like that?"
"Oh yes, I've been waiting for this since I first met you." 
Gray Fox is moving to the front of Kiyone and kisses her deeply. 
She puts her arms around his waist and hugs him. She tilts her head 
back and hears someone coming.
"Do you hear someone coming?"
"Tenchi, Ayeka, hurry up oh hi Zero." Ryoko
"I think we should leave now" Gray Fox grabs Kiyone's hand and 
teleports them both into Yagami.

Kiyone and Gray Fox land in the control room and start kissing 
again. Gray Fox removes Kiyones towel and begins to kiss at her thighs. 
In a flash of ecstasy she reaches back and hits the lift off button. 
The ship lifts off and the two ends up against the wall with their 
bodies pressed up against each other. When out side of the earth's 
atmosphere they begin to float in midair, Gray Fox puts his hands 
around her waist and removes her panties, and inserts two fingers. She 
arches her back as he slides then in and out of her. They float through 
the air and in to Kiyones bedroom; hanging over the bed she removes his 
boxers and inserts his member in to her. She lets out a sharp cry and 
slams her hand into the gravity enhancer; the two slam on the bed and 
Kiyone lets out an even louder cry. Back on earth everyone looks up as 
a slight shock goes through their systems.
(They say in space no one can hear you scream, but they sure as 
hell herd her.)

"Huh. I guess Gray Fox and Kiyone have hooked up." Zero sitting 
on the edge of the water with Sasami, who has fallen asleep.

Back in space Gray Fox is leading kisses down Kiyones body, he 
stop and she nodes her head. He takes one breast in hand and begins to 
massage it; he lifts the other one up to his mouth and begins to suck 
on it circling it with his tong and squeeze it between his teeth. She 
turns him onto his back and inches down his body until she comes to his 
member. Placing it in her mouth she circles it with her tong and moves 
it in and out of her mouth, in a strain of pleasure he throws his head 
back and bangs it against the backboard. Once again inserting his 
member into she bounces up and down on top of him. She grabs a hold of 
his shoulders and brings him up for a kiss; they meet and roll off of 
the bed. The crash onto the ground pushed them both to the edge, they 
climaxed and set back, Gray Fox lowers his head to her neither lips and 
plants a long wet kiss lapping up some of her juices in the process. 
Kiyone lays back and cums on his face two more times and passes out. 
After regaining conscious and getting some clothes on Kiyone sets the 
course back to the Misaki household. Their ship sets down and Zero and 
Sasami are sipping by the edge of the lake.
"Hey, did you two have fun up there?" Zero snickering.
"Shut up Zero, or I'll tell Sasami and Kiyone your real name." 
Gray Fox 
"And I will kill you both. (His eyes change to red) besides I was 
joking around." Zero
"You wouldn't do that would you Zero?" Sasami
"Trust me Sasami, he wouldn't hesitate to finish us both off 
right now." Gray Fox
"Are you serious? He doesn't look that vicious, to kill two 
people that love each other." Kiyone
"Before I would, but not any more, Sasami has changed me. So you 
two love each other, congratulations just like me and Sasami." Zero
"That's good to hear, but what is your real name?" Sasami
"As much as I love you, I'm not going to tell you." Zero
"Zero! Your training room is ready. Come check it out." Washuu
"Ok, were on our way." Gray Fox

The group gathers down in Washuus Lab.

"This was more of a challenge that I thought, but I think it came 
out fine. It has ever thing you asked for and more, but the holographs 
are real. You can slam a person into a bolder and yes they will feel 
it!" Washuu
"Perfection, thanks Washuu, um. Little Washuu." Zero 
"Your welcome Zero um. Little Zero." Washuu, laughing slightly
"Washuu never call me that again." Zero
"Washuu take us inside and show us how it works." D Shade
"Ok walk this way." Washuu, she leads them to a large double door 
made of a mixture of Titanium and Gundaium (It's super strong). Inside 
the room there is a huge corridor and a platform, clouds were seen that 
stretched on forever. She leads them over to a computer in the wall.
"Is this the control panel? Very nice." Gray Fox
"Yes it is. You pick your area and gravity settings here. Twist 
the knobs to change the gravity setting, when you step off the platform 
the gravity will kick in. You can also control the gravity setting by 
voice activation." Washuu.
"Great, do the training weights also have the knob setting 
controls?" Zero
"That's right, do you want to give it a try right now?" Washuu
"Ok, Ryoko Tenchi have you ever done any gravity training?" D 
Shade
"Well no, but I think we can hold our own." Ryoko
"Good because your opponents are Zero and Sasami." Gray Fox

The two teams of fighters step off of the plat form and into the 
endless space. "Ok let me try this out. Deep forest area and 30 time 
earths normal gravity!!" Zero. The place where they were standing is 
transformed into a dark forest with trees that seemed to go on forever. 
There were large and small gaps for them to travel through. "Washuu I'm 
really I'm pressed" Zero "Gravity enhancement activated, 30 times earth 
gravity activated." Computer speaking

Instantly Sasami, Tenchi, and Ryoko are on the ground struggling 
to get up. 
"Maybe I turned it up too high." Zero
"It's. a. possibility." Ryoko
"Gravity enhancement, 0 gravity." Washuu. Now Zero, Sasami, 
Ryoko, and Tenchi are floating through the air. Zero grabs Sasami, 
Tenchi, and Ryoko and they float back to the plat form. Zero and Ryoko 
land on their feet while Sasami and Tenchi crash onto the ground, the 
forest clears and the blank spare returns.
"And that was only 30, the guys and I made it to 800gs." Zero
"That's incredible, a normal person can take it up to 6gs." 
Washuu
"It took a long time for us to reach that level, it almost killed 
us a couple of times." Double S.
"If that's the case how long will it take us." Ryoko
"I must admit you all are exceptionally strong, but you've never 
done gravity training before. We can stare you off on 20gs, and move 
you up slowly. I say after 5 months of training you can be at 800gs." 
Zero
"Oh yea I forgot the best part of the system, time passes at a 
different rate than in this world. For an example you spent ten days in 
the training room, well it would be fifty minutes in earth time." 
Washuu
"That's amazing even our future technology wasn't able to produce 
that effect." Gray Fox 
"Yea, we really could have used your knowledge Washuu." Double S
"I'm faltered, and you can call me Little Washuu." Washuu
"Well if there aren't any bugs to be worked out I'd like to start 
some training as soon as possible." Tenchi 
"Every thing is ready to go. You all may start when ready." Washuu
