
Tenchii@hotmail.com

7:38 PM 2/25/99
Sasami wakes up to another normal day except that her sister seems to
already be awake.  She gets dressed and ready to go cook breakfast.
As soon as she walks out of her bedroom door a feeling of foreboding
comes over her.

These Characters belong to Pioneer A.I.C., not me.

This story came to my mind and demanded attention so be ready for anything
in
this O.V.A. based
story. LIME

          Nightmare by JL

        Special Guest writer!  Brian Burke!  Can anyone guess which parts I
wrote?
(Hint:  It’s the shorter, better fitting paragraphs!)

     Sasami walks down the stairs towards the kitchen to start cooking
breakfast when she hears
something in the living room, she turns and can see her sister and Noboyuki
sitting very close to
each other on the coach. They are both smiling at each other with rosy
cheeks
and cups of saki in
their hands. They sip from their cups and Noboyuki whispers something in
Ayeka's ear. Ayeka
turns bright red but nods enthusiastically. Sasami stares in shock as her
sister and Noboyuki get
busy, she turns and runs up the stairs to Tenchi's room and knocks on the
door. No one answers so
she opens the door, her jaw drops open as the scene before her registers.
She
doesn't see Tenchi in
his room, but the sight makes her sick instantly. She turns and runs back
downstairs trying very
hard to wash the sight of her father and Ryoko out of her mind. She runs
past
the sight of her sister
and Noboyuki, now fully into their fun, and out the door. She leans against
the door trying hard to
sort out what was happening when she sees the path leading up to the shrine.
"My brother will
know what to do" she thinks as she starts walking up the path. Half way up
the
path she runs into
Mihoshi who is jumping up and down with rosy cheeks. She keeps repeating,
"Oh
Kiyone he's too
old for you Kiyone." Sasami tries to talk to the G.P., but only gets an
embarrassed laugh from her.
Sasami passes Mihoshi with a sinking feeling in her gut as she continues up
the path. When she
reaches the top she can see Kiyone in her birthday suit motioning to someone
with that come hither
smile Ryoko uses so often. Sasami looks towards the way Kiyone is motioning
and can see
someone dressed like her brother, except his hair is snow white and he is
using a walker. She
looks closer and now can see that it is indeed her brother, her jaw drops
again as confusion sets in.
When she focuses again on the scene Yosho has finally caught Kiyone.  Sasami
turns away with a
more disgusted feeling then any of the previous happenings. As she digests
the
new development
she walks into a serious looking Mihoshi who asks for her to keep this
little
secret. "Sasami you
can't tell anybody, OK, or Kiyone will be angry at me." Sasami nods at
Mihoshi
who instantly
loses her serious look and starts hopping around again. "This is so strange"
she thinks as she
walks down the path towards the house. She leans against the door and asks
herself who is left,
who haven't I seen today. Two people come to mind, Tenchi, and Washu. Where
will I find them?,
in Washu's lab, she thinks to herself. She walks back into the house
surprised
to hear that forty-five
minutes later her sister and companion are still going strong. Averting her
eyes, Sasami makes her
way to the closet under the stairs. She opens the door and enters the lab.
She
finds herself in the
multi aquarium area of the lab. She can hear Washu giggling somewhere
between
the aquariums.
"Your starting to get personal" Washu says. Sasami starts walking towards
the
voice as more
giggling erupts. She then hears a certain male's voice. "But Washu dear, you
want me to get
personal don't you?" Sasami screams in her head "N O O O Tenchi, please no."

        Running from the lab, "I must be going nuts..."  Trying to get her
mind off
the horrible sights, she finally finds her way to her favorite room:  the
kitchen.  However, what she sees is anything but what she wanted.  On the
floor of the kitchen, is her adult counterpart, Tsunami, going the distance
with Seiryo, the fop that once tried to marry Ayeka.

        Not saying a word, Sasami takes off out the back door.  "I gotta get
out of
here."  She runs up the mountain path to the tree, Funaho.  Stopping just
short of the surrounding water, "by the royal seal and my true name, open
the
path to our ancestors in space, please.  Heaven to ocean, ocean to Earth,
Earth back to Heaven.  Show me the path engraved by the light."

        With that said, she disappears into it.  Almost instantly later, she
reappears aboard her ship, Tsunami.  Sitting against the main tree, "this
can't be true..." she says, nervously.  "Oh, well.  I'm safe up here."

        That's when she hears some odd noises from behind her.  Fearfully,
she turns
her head to look behind the tree against her back.  Looking into the
distance,
she sees two vaguely familiar figures, doing an all too familiar act.

        The girl has long blonde hair, while the man has short black hair.
In truth,
they look like complete opposites, for in fact they are.  "Do you think
anybody will find us, Mico?" the man asks.

        "Don't worry," Rica answers.  "Nobody knows we're here."

        Sasami whirls her head away from the scene and looks away,
defeatedly.
"Everyone I know, and some I don't, are doing naughty things."  Smiling,
"except me, of course."

        "I could change that," a voice sounds, surprisingly.

        Looking up, she sees yet another vaguely familiar form.  "You
wouldn't dare!"

        The older man with a short black beard simply smiles, "wouldn’t I?"
Claric
asks.

        As thoughts run through her head that she really wish wouldn't, she
faints.

     Sasami wakes up in her futon in a mire of sweat. She looks around the
room for her sister,
but doesn't see her anywhere.  She gets a feeling of panic in her gut when
this fact registers in her
mind. She jumps out of bed and runs to Tenchi's room where upon reaching it
knocks on the door.
(Please be in there) she thinks.

     "Who is it?" comes Tenchi's groggy voice.

     "Thank goodness, Tenchi I really need to talk to you."

     "Sasami? What's the matter?" Tenchi asks as he opens his door.

     Ryoko hearing the commotion phases right next to Sasami and looks at
her
with concern.
"What is the matter Sasami?"

     "Tenchi, Ryoko, I had a really bad dream."

     "What was it about?" They both ask.

     "Um, Ryoko you were...."

     Ryoko moves closer and Sasami whispers in her ear.  Ryoko's face turns
green and she
runs to Tenchi's bedroom window.  As soon as she opens the window she starts
vomiting out of it.

     "What is going on here?" Ayeka asks as she walks up to Sasami and
Tenchi.

     "Oh, Ayeka, where have you been?" Sasami asks.

     "UM, I was uh, freshening up Sasami, why what's the matter?"

     Ayeka bends down to her sister as she whispers in her ear about her
part
in the dream.
Ayeka soon joins Ryoko at the window.

     Sasami next whispers to Tenchi his part of her dream, his face pales
but
he keeps his
composure.

     "Hey everyone, what is going on up here?" Mihoshi asks as she walks up
to
Tenchi and
Sasami.

     "Well, you see, poor Sasami here had a nightmare, but she is ok now."
Tenchi answers.

     "Oh Sasami, I am so happy that you are ok, but I do have one
question.....  Who used the
bathroom last, P-U." Mihoshi emphasizes her point by waving her hand in
front
of her nose.

     At the window Ryoko quickly puts her hand over her mouth and phases
through the ceiling
where laughter is soon heard in the distance.

     Ayeka's face goes bright red as Tenchi and Sasami walk out of the room
and close the
door.

     Inside the room a confused Mihoshi stares at a suddenly angry Ayeka,
"What is the matter
Ayeka.. Ouch stop it, Owe, ouch.

     Outside the room Tenchi and Sasami finally stop giggling, truly hoping
that Ayeka didn't
beat Mihoshi to badly. Tenchi gets a serious look in his eyes as he regards
Sasami.

     "That was just a nightmare, wasn't it Sasami?"

     Ryoko phases into the hall next to Tenchi.

     "Um, I think it was only a dream." (Please oh please let it just be a
dream.)

        Sasami hears a voice in the back of her head, <PLEASE let it be a
dream,>
Tsunami begs.

        As Sasami hears this, she can only imagine that Tsunami is as white
as her
cloak.

               End Nightmare?

        Tsunami:  I HOPE SO!!!!

     Pretty weird, but like I said at the beginning this idea just wouldn't
leave me alone.  What
do you think, was it just a dream, or was it sent by Tsunami?

Tsunami:  I don’t think so!

Ideas are welcome, JL.
