All characters depicted herein are property of AIC/Pioneer.
Chapter 1: No Need For Inauspicious Omens
By Misanthrope

A tranquil dawn greeted the Masaki household as the sun began to peek over the mountains and cast rays
 of light that broke into thousands of gem like facets atop the surface of the lake.  The serene atmosphere
 outside the Maskaki household betrayed the dissonance that would erupt on schedule in its usual fashion
 within.  Hovering above the lake outside the Masaki household was a standard issue Galaxy Police
 cruiser.  Inside, Detective Mihoshi yawned groggily and smacked her lips as she stared into space
 through the cockpit window at nothing at all in particular.  "Wow, nightshift patrols make me really
 sleepy!" Mihoshi chimed in her usual insouciant manner.  "I don't know if I'm going to have enough
 energy to help Sasami cook breakfast this morning" she continued with another yawn.  The sound of
 gears turning eminated a buzzing sound from the top of the cockpit of Mihoshi's GP cruiser as the head
 of an android without a body descended from a compartment above Mihoshi's head to look her in the
 eyes.  "Mishoshi" the android began in a reverent male voice.  "What is it Youkinojo?" Mihoshi 
responded curiously.  "Mihoshi" the concerned android continued, "you must park your cruiser in the lake,
 it's against Galaxy Police regulations to allow your cruiser to be seen in a technologically primitive
 world."  "Ohhhhh. . ." responded Mihoshi as she struggled in vain to recall just which regulation it was
 Youkinojo was referring to.  "But Youkinojo. . .!" Mihoshi began to protest.  "Yes Mihoshi?" responded
 the android politely.  "I'm soooooo tired Youkinojo, and this is the first time in I don't know how long
 that I've gotten this thing back in earth's orbit without wrecking it."  "I understand Mihoshi, but we can't
 just leave it hovering here above the lake over Mr. Masaki's house."  "But Youkinojo! If I wreck this
 thing while trying to park it, Washu will get really mad at me!"  "But Mihoshi, you understand, we can't
 just leave it here."  Youkinojo admonished.  Mihoshi blinked several times at the attentive android as she
 stared blankly, "Now, why can't we just leave it here again?"  The retractable arm that kept Youkinojo
 suspended from the ceiling unfolded completely and Youkinojo descended swiftly to the floor with a loud
 crash as a large bead of sweat formed on his android head.  A strange reaction from an android indeed,
 especially the part with the sweat drop, but it is widely known amongst all those who know Mihoshi that
 she has that effect on just about any sentient being with even the most rudimentary intelligence.
  Youkinojo quickly regained his composure and with the "whirring" of gears, the retractable arm from
 which he was suspended lifted him back up to face Mihoshi.  The android gave a frustrated sigh as he
 examined Mihoshi's still clearly perplexed facial expression and tried to think of a way to explain the
 situation in a way that she could understand.  "Mihoshi, if we leave the cruiser floating here in plane
 sight of everyone in the countryside, Tenchi will be very upset, you know he doesn't like drawing any
 more negative attention from his neighbors than is necessary"  "Ohhhhhh. . ."Mihoshi responded with a
 wide-eyed knowing gaze, ". . .you really think he would be upset?"  "Youkinojo nodded in as best a 
fashion as a disembodied android head attached to a retractable arm is capable.  "Ok then, let's park!"
 Mishoshi exclaimed ebuliently.  "Ummmmm. . .let's see" Mihoshi said slowly as she carefully examined
 the control panel in front of her with a determined gaze.  "Ohhhhh. . .ummmmm. . .Youkinojo?  Is it this
 one?" Mihoshi asked in a quizzical voice as she punched the button in question. "NO MISHOSHI, NOT
 THAT BUTTON!"  Youkinojo protested loudly.

Moments earlier, inside the Maskaki household and peering through a sliding glass door that overlooked
 the lake, a still half-asleep Ayeka looked curiously up at Mihoshi's GP cruiser hovering a good two 
hundred feet above the lake.  Aeka continued to stare up at the cruiser, the dark circles under her eyes
 emphasizing their bloodshot appearance as she winced from the bright light of the rising sun.  "Well, at
 least it's still in one piece this time." Ayeka noted dryly under her breath.  "Talking to yourself again 
princess?" A course female voice remarked with a snicker.  Ayeka spun around to confront the space
 pirate Ryoko with a venomous glare, "I beg your pardon?"  "I just couldn't help but notice you standing
 there whispering to no one in particular princess, I think your starting to lose it.  And you know. . .I know
 a great doctor who lives right down stairs who I'm sure would be more than happy to give you a ful
 psychological evaluation." Ryoko retorted slyly. "Why you insolent little witch!" Ayeka berated.  Before
 she could continue, Ryoko grabbed Ayeka roughly by the arm and began dragging her across the floor 
against her struggles and protests towards the door to Washu's lab."  The doctor will see you now Ryoko
 chimed vivaciously as she opened the door to Washu's lab.  Ayeka managed one last squeal of protest
 before being tossed like a rag doll into Washu's lab.  "You'll pay for this Ryo-" Ayeka was cut off as
 Ryoko slammed the door behind her with a boisterous fit of laughter.  That'll teach her to flirt with my
 Tenchi!" Ryoko snickered cracking a mischievous grin.  "Were you talking to me Ryoko?" a bewildered
 Tenchi asked.  Ryoko's grin was replaced with a look of shock as sweat began to bead up on her forehead.
  Ryoko jerked her head up to see Tenchi descending the stairs above her.  Ryoko quickly replaced her
 initial look of shock with her best seductive grin and phased directly in front of Tenchi.  "Hi, Tenchi"
 Ryoko purred as her amber eyes bore down on Tenchi.  Tenchi's eyes grew wide as saucers and he let out 
a yelp as his face grew red and sweat began to stream down his forehead.  Tenchi began to fall backwards 
but was quickly wrapped up in one of Ryoko's vehement embraces.  "Ohhhhhhhhh Teeeenchiiiiiiiiii!!!"
 Ryoko squealed with delight as she pulled Tenchi close.  "I was just thinking about you!" Ryoko teased.
  "Ryoko!" Tenchi scolded, you know it makes me nervous when you do that!"  "Do what Tenchi?" Ryoko
 asked innocently a feigned look of hurt upon her face.  "You know what I mean Ryoko. . ." Tenchi said
 with exasperation, ". . .the way you just pop out of thin air like that!"  "But Tenchiiiiiiiii. . ." Ryoko
 protested loudly, ". . .the first thing I want to do when I see you in the morning is put my arms around 
you and you were all the way up those stairs and I just couldn't wait.  "Ryoko. . ." Tenchi retorted
 impatiently, ". . .would you please get a gri-" Tenchi was cut off as Ryoko crushed him in yet another
 smothering embrace.  "Oh Tenchiiiiiiiiii!" Ryoko cooed affectionately.  Tenchi tried to protest once more
 but his mouth was muffled by Ryoko's prolific cleavage as she continued to squeeze.  Tenchi once again
 turned red and began to sweat profusely as he scrutinized his current situation.  "Tenchiiiiiii!" Ryoko
 continued to carry on dreamily.  As Tenchi continued attempting to push himself away so he could at
 least open his mouth to berate Ryoko for her impetuous behavior he suddenly felt a third hand, much
 larger than Ryoko's, begin to swat him repeatedly on the back with a great deal of enthusiasm.  "Oh
 Tenchi!  I'm so proud of you!" Noboyuki cried out gleafully.  "Your becoming more the man I always
 knew you'd be every day!" Noboyuki exclaimed in a voice overcome with emotion as he continued to slap
 Tenchi enthusiastically on the back.  In response to Noboyuki's boisterous display Ryoko began to squeeze
 Tenchi even harder.  "Oh Tenchi, see how happy your making your father!?"  Ryoko chimed happily.
  "You take after your old man Tenchi, I was quite a lady killer in my day!" Noboyuki boasted proudly.
  Finally Tenchi found the strength to pull his face out from Ryoko's bust and he began to protest wildly, 
"Dad, would you please not encourage her!  She's bad enough as it is.  "Tenchiiiiiii!" Ryoko wailed in a
 hurt voice.  Tenchi finally managed to pry himself free of Ryoko's iron grip only to find himself staring at
 a pair of breasts that were well accentuated even under the loose fabric of Ryoko's blue kimono.  Tenchi's
 eyes snapped open wide and his face turned an even deeper shade of crimson as blood began to pour 
profusely from his nose.  "What's wrong Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked in a deep seductive voice as she regarded
 his horrified expression with her gleaming amber eyes.  Tenchi just managed to emit a slight yell of
 distress and spun around and ran back from where he had come.  "Tenchi, where are you going" Ryoko
 pleaded in a saddened voice.  Ryoko heard the door to the bathroom upstairs slam shut.  "Tenchi!  That's
 no way to treat such a beautiful young lady, you get down here right away and apologize!" Noboyuki
 yelled.  Ryoko continued to cast her gaze to the top of the stairs wistfully as she let out a deep sigh of
 resignation.  Noboyuki took a poorly veiled peek at Ryoko's breasts before beginning to make his way
 down the stairs.  Ryoko shot Noboyuki a vengeful glance and Noboyuki snapped his head around and
 trotted the rest of the way down the stairs whistling innnocently.  Ryoko cast off her vengeful facade and
 let out a little snicker as she congratulated herself on having been the first one to greet Tenchi that
 morning.
Moments earlier Ayeka found herself facedown in Washu's dimly lit lab as she groaned 
incoherently about all the horrible things she would do to Ryoko once she peeled herself off the floor and 
got out of the lab.  Ayeka pushed herself up onto her hands and knees and then rose to her feet.  Ayeka
 dusted off her kimono and spun around and strode towards the door with a determined gate.  Ayeka 
reached for the doorknob and her face faulted in defeat when she realized that it wouldn't open.  Ayeka's 
look of defeat quickly twisted into one of unchecked rage.  "That pestiferous Ryokooooo!!"  Ayeka forced
 herself to calm down and looked around the lab thoughtfully, "I wander if Washu has anything suitable
 for   punishing Ryoko with in here?" Aeka thought curiously.  As Ayeka scanned the lab she noticed 
Washu passed out on her chair with her mouth hanging open and the back of her head hung over the back
 of the chair.  Ayeka waked over and tried to decide the most courteous way she could go about waking the
 sleeping genious.  "Exuse me, Washu?" Ayeka began demurely as she slightly nudged Washu's shoulder.
  Washu stirred momentarily and muttered something about dimension oscillating bullets and then
 continued her slumber.  A flashback of her brief encounter with Ryoko sparked a resurgence of anger in
 Ayeka and she reached out and grabbed Washu's shoulders and began to shake her violently.  "Washu! I
 insist that you wake up this very instant, I must have a word with you!"  Washu blurted out a confused 
and agitated yell as Ayeka continued to violently shake the diminutive little scientist.  Washu's blood shot
 eyes snapped open to the violently shaking image of Ayeka's face, a look of inexorable rage painted upon
 it.  "W-H-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-T A-A-A-A-R-R-R-E Y-O-O-O-U-U-U D-O-O-O-O-O-I-I-I-I-I-I-N-N-N-
N-G T-O M-E-E-E-E!?!?!?!" Washu pleaded in a shaky, undulating voice.  The rage quickly disappeared
 from Ayeka's face in response to the little scientist's plea and she stopped shaking her.  Ayeka regarded
 Washu with a pensive look as though she had just snapped out of a trance and was trying to figure out
 what happened.  "Oh, Washu, I'm sorry, I don't know what came over me, I was simply trying to wake
 you up, I guess I got carried away" Ayeka explained casually.  Washu had sunk back into her chair, her 
eyes wide as saucers and her tongue hanging out as she let out a long pathetic groan.  Washu finally
 snapped out of it and shot Ayeka a stern look, "What's the big idea, huh?  I was having a real great dream
 about developing exciting new trans-dimensional theory!"  "Ohhhhh. . .I seee" Ayeka retorted dryly, a
 large bead of sweat forming on her forehead.  "Well, go on, tell me what's so important that you had to
 shake me until my head rattled to get it" Washu urged impatiently.  "Oh, yes. . .well. . .you see. . .Ryoko
 locked me in here, and I would like you to unlock the door.  "Alright! Sure, I'd be glad to get rid of you!"
 Washu beamed a childish grin up at Ayeka who could only manage a half-hearted smile as a large bead 
of sweat formed on her head.  Washu put her hands up in front of her and a transparent laptop
 materialized from pseudo-space in front of her.  Washu's fingers danced nimbly on the keys and Ayeka 
heard the door to the lab swing open.  "Thank you Washu, shall I tell Sasami to expect you for breakfast?"
  "Alright, yeah!  I'm starved!" Washu responded in a childish voice.  Aeka stormed toward the door of the
 lab and found that Ryoko was nowhere to be seen.  Ayeka shut the door to Washu's lab behind her and
 looked around for clues of Ryoko's whereabouts, she glanced out the sliding glass door and saw Ryoko
 standing on the dock looking up in the sky, the shadow of Mihoshi's GP cruiser cast a pall over Ryoko.
  Ayeka stormed toward the door, a look of determination fixed upon her face.  Just as Ayeka reached the
 door she saw something that made her stop in her tracks, without warning, Mihoshi's cruiser dropped
 from it's spot two-hundred feet above the water and slammed into the surface of the lake.  Aeka gave a 
sinister grin as she saw a horrified Ryoko spin and go flying towards the door to get inside.  Anticipating
 Ryoko's actions, Ayeka spread her arms wide and let out a derisive laugh.

Moments earlier, on the other side of the glass door, Ryoko stood on the dock overlooking the
 lake and stared up in the sky, her gaze transfixed on Mihoshi's ship.  "Well, she's gotten it this far
 without totaling it, maybe Mihoshi's finally starting to figure out how to drive." Ryoko snickered
 sarcastically.  The amused grin on Ryoko's face was suddenly replaced with one of horror as she saw the
 image of Mihoshi's ship suddenly get larger and larger until it slammed into the surface of the lake.
  Ryoko let out a startled scream, spun around, and quickly shot towards the door as she heard the
 avalanche of water bearing down on her.  The next thing Ryoko saw greatly perplexed her, she saw
 princess Ayeka standing at the door staring at her, her mouth twisted into a wicked grin.  Ryoko was far
 to preoccupied to even try to begin to understand just what it was the princess thought was so amusing.
  Ryoko reached the door and began to phase, the next thing Ryoko felt was a blinding surge of pain as
 Ayeka's force field deflected her attempted phase to reach safety.  Ryoko found herself on her back, her
 eyes snapped open just in time to see the mountain of water from the tidal wave created by Mihoshi 
bearing down on her.  As the huge wall of water landed atop the deck and smashed into the side of the
 Masaki household, it shook the small building to its foundation.  As the collision of the water against the
 house subsided and the water began draining off the deck, a very soggy Ryoko was left lying face up on
 the deck, a dazed look on her face.  Ayeka, dusted off her hands, cast a smug glance towards the delirious
 Ryoko, and spun around to make her way towards the kitchen.  Ayeka stopped in her tracks as she
 noticed Tenchi creeping gingerly down the stairs.  "Lord Tenchi?"  Ayeka asked, puzzled at the way he
 seemed to be sneaking down the stairs.  The look of concentration on Tenchi's face quickly changed to
 one of embarrassment as he regarded a puzzled Ayeka.  Tenchi's face turned red and a large bead of 
sweat formed on his forehead, "Oh. . .heh. . .Ayeka. . .I didn't see you there." Tenchi stammered.  "What
 seems to be troubling you Lord Tenchi?" Aeka asked earnestly.  "Uhhhhhh. . .well, you didn't happen to
 notice Ryoko down here somewhere, did you?'  A contemptuous look spread over Ayeka's face, "What 
has that insolent demon done to you now Tenchi?  You must answer me, I simply cannot allow that
 malefic monster to behave so dishonorably in your house any longer!"  "Uhhh. . .calm down Ayeka."
  Tenchi retorted as he flashed her an uneasy grin in a vain attempt to calm her down.  "No Tenchi, this is
 unacceptable, what has she done to you this time!?"  A large bead of sweat formed on Tenchi's forehead,
 he finally managed to regain his composure and he flashed Ayeka another smile that began to put her at
 ease, she returned a fond glance towards Tenchi and waited for an explanation.  "Ryoko didn't do
 anything Ayeka, I just don't want any. . .surprises."  Ayeka once again tensed and gave Tenchi a
concerened look, "What kind of surprises are you referring to Lord Tenchi?" Ayeka implored.  "Uhhhh. .
 .well. . .nothing in particular. . ." Tenchi stammered, ". . .look, is she skulking around or not?"  Tenchi 
finished, glancing uneasily about he bottom of the stairs.  The smug grin returned to Ayeka's face as she
 turned to regard the inundated Ryoko laying prone atop the dock.  "I don't believe you'll have anything to
 worry about from that pest for a good while Tenchi.  "Huh, what are you talking about Ayeka?"  "Oh,
 nothing important Tenchi, don't you concern yourself with it, Sasami should have breakfast on shortly
 come on down stairs."  Ayeka persuaded gently.  Tenchi gave Ayeka a quizzical look, shrugged, and 
trotted down the stairs.  Suddenly Tenchi stopped and gave Ayeka another quizzical glance, "Is something 
wrong Tenchi?" Ayeka asked nervously.  "Well, I was in the bathroom earlier and I felt a tremor, I was
 just wondering if you might have felt it?"  "Oh yes Tenchi, I noticed that, but I don't think it is anything
 to worry about."  Ayeka assured him as she grabbed his arm and guided him the rest of the way down the
 stairs.  Ayeka kept her fingers crossed that Tenchi wouldn't notice the incapacitated Ryoko out on the 
dock.   Suddenly Tenchi stopped in his tracks as Ayeka jerked his hand trying to urge him toward the 
kitchen.  "Whoa. . ."  Tenchi exclaimed" "was there a storm while I was in the bathroom or something, 
look at all that water all over the windows, there's not a cloud in the sky and the deck is soaked and wha-
 is that, RYOKO!?"  Tenchi yanked his hand free of Ayeka's and ran for the door.  Meanwhile, a dazed 
and soaking wet Ryoko had  just begun propping herself up on her elbows, a look of pure rage on her face,
 "That lousy Ayeka, she got lucky, that's all, she couldn't pull off another move like that if she had a 
million years to plan it, when I get my hands on her. . ." Suddenly Tenchi burst out of the sliding glass 
door, as soon as Ryoko saw Tenchi rushing out the door she allowed herself to collapse onto her back once
 more and began to moan and shiver.  Tenchi rushed to Ryoko's side and scooped her up in his arms. 
 "Ryoko, what happened!?!" Tenchi asked urgently.  "Oh Tenchi. . ." Ryoko began in a weak, quaking
 voice, "I'm so cold."  "Ryoko!" Tenchi pleaded in a concerned voice.  Ryoko wrapped her arms tight 
around Tenchi's neck and continued to shiver, "Oh, Tenchi, I'm so cold."  Tenchi immediately scooped
 Ryoko up off the soaking wet dock and carried her toward the door.  A severely agitated Ayeka met 
Tenchi at the door, "Tenchi, can't you see that she's orchestrating all of this, there is nothing wrong with
 her at all, she's faking it!"  "Ayeka!  That's a horrible thing to say" Tenchi countered.  Ryoko tightened
 her grip around Tenchi's neck and stammered in an almost inaudible voice, "she. . .she. . .she did this to
 me Tenchi, it was horrifying, she tried to drown me."  "What!?" Tenchi yelled out in shock.  "What
 Tenchi!?!? What lies is that snake telling you!?"  "Ayeka, just what did you do to Ryoko!?"  "Tenchi, you
 must believe me, there is nothing wrong with her at all, she's faking this whole thing, I swear!"  Ryoko 
moaned audibly and continued to shiver violently, "oh Tenchi, she's lying, she did this to me, it's all her
 fault!"  "Well how do you explain this!" Tenchi berated angrily, "She says you did this."  "I did no such
 thing, Mihoshi's ship dropped into the lake. . .again. . .I simply prevented Ryoko from gaining entry back
 into the house, it serves her right."  "Ayeka!  How can you say that? Serves her right for what"  Ryoko
 wrapped her arms around Tenchi's neck even tighter, this time, slightly choking him.  "Oh Tenchi, don't
 listen to her, she's just jealous of our love for each other, so. . .so. . ." Ryoko stammered, "she tried to kill 
me."  "WHAT! Ayeka yelled in shock, can't you see she's fabricating all of this to try and turn you against
 me!?  I will not continue to stand here and put up with her mendacious accusations."  "Oh Tenchi!" 
Ryoko whimpered, tell her that she will never come between our love for each other!"  Ryoko tightened
 her grip on Tenchi's neck even tighter and his face began to turn slightly red.  "Ryoko. . ." Tenchi 
wheezed through an obstructed windpipe, ". . .would you knock that off, it's not helping.  "Oh Tenchi!" 
Ryoko moaned sorrowfully.  Ayeka glared at Ryoko with utter contempt, "This never would have 
happened had you not locked me in Little Washu's lab this morning!"  "What, how can you say such a 
thing!" Ryoko whimpered innocently.  "Ryoko!?" Tenchi exclaimed accusingly, as understanding and 
irritation dawned on him simultaneously.  Ryoko continued to cling to Tenchi and shiver, "Oh, Tenchi, 
can't you see she's just making that up to turn you against me!?"  "I think I have a pretty good idea of 
what's going on here Ryoko. . ." "Tenchiiiiiiii" Ryoko protested desperately.  "As far as I can tell you're 
both to blame for what happened here, and you brought this on yourself Ryoko."  "Tenchiiiiii. . ." Ryoko 
whined.  Tenchi turned and began to carry Ryoko up the stairs.  Ayeka balled her fists in rage and began 
to shake as Tenchi carried Ryoko up the stairs.  "Lord Tenchi!" she called after him loudly.  Tenchi turned 
halfway up the steps with the still pathetic looking Ryoko curled up in his arms, her arms around his neck 
and her face buried in his chest.  "What is it Ayeka?" Tenchi asked wearily, the morning's tumultuous 
events already fraying his nerves.  "How can you continue to coddle that demon even now that you are 
aware of her duplicity?  She is perfectly fine I assure you Lord Tenchi, let her take care of herself.  She is 
simply trying to get your attention, if you give in your only going to encourage this insolent behavior." 
Under her breath, Ryoko snarled, "why don't you mind you own business princess."  "Huh?" Tenchi 
responded, a puzzled look on his face, did you say something Ryoko?"  Ryoko continued to shiver, now no 
longer faking it considering she had been laying in her sopping clothes for a good ten minutes or so.  
"Allow me this one moment you jealous little prude" Ryoko thought to herself.  Tenchi gave a resigned 
sigh and shut his eyes at a loss regarding what to do next.  Tenchi didn't want to give Ayeka the 
impression that he was simply catering to Ryoko's whims and encouraging her scurrility, but he couldn't 
just drop Ryoko and let her roll down the stairs either.  "Although, hard headed as Ryoko is, it probably 
wouldn't make much of a difference." Tenchi thought, allowing himself a moment of amusement.  
"Well!?"  Ayeka goaded.  Tenchi gave one last sigh, "I'll see you at breakfast Ayeka, I'm bringing Ryoko 
up to my room so she can rest."  Ayeka cast one last contemptuous glance up at Ryoko and then spun on 
her heel and began striding angrily toward the kitchen.  Ayeka didn't make it four steps when she ran 
smack into Washu's lab door as it swung open.  Ayeka fell backward and lay on the ground, her face 
faulted and her body twitching.  Washu peaked around the side of the door with a bewildered look on her 
face until her eyes came to rest on Ayeka's sprawled out form.  Washu's brilliant green eye's sparkled 
childishly as she regarded Ayeka, "I was wondering who that was!" she cried triumphantly in a childish 
voice.  Washu peeled Ayeka up off the floor and began dragging her still twitching form towards the 
kitchen by the collar of her kimono.

Moments earlier at the bottom of the lake outside the Masaki household Mihoshi sat within the cockpit of
 her GP cruiser, rivers of tears streaming from her eyes as she whimpered incoherently  "I don't 
understand. . ."Mihoshi wailed, ". . .all I wanted to do was park!"  "And I killed Youkinojo!"  Mihoshi 
sobbed uncontrollably.  Meanwhile, Youkinojo's head (which is to say ALL of Youkinojo, considering that 
a head is really all Youkinojo was to begin with) was detached from his retractable arm and hanging from 
the cockpit ceiling by a few thin wires.  "Mihoshi." Youkinojo interjected between Mihoshi's loud sobs.  
"Youkinojo?" Mihoshi began hesitantly, "Was that you Youkinojo?"  "Yes Mihoshi." Youkinojo replied 
respectfully.  "Youkinojo!  You're alive!" Mihoshi cried in disbelief.  "Technically Detective Mihoshi, I 
was never alive in the first place, I'm a robot, but in answer to your question, yes, all my systems are 
online."  "Ohhhhhhhh. . ." Mihoshi responded in a puzzled voice with a curious look on her face, "so, 
your alive, right?"  Mihoshi asked skeptically.  "Yes Mihoshi, I'm alive." the android conceded.  "Oh, 
Youkinojo, I'm so relieved, you look awful.  "Mihoshi, it would probably be in both our best interests if 
you were to attach me back to my stabilizer before-"  Youkinojo was cut off as the wires holding him from 
the cockpit ceiling snapped and he fell to the floor in front of Mihoshi's feet.  "Youkinojo?" Mihoshi asked 
hesitently.  "Youkinojo?"  She repeated with solicitude.  Losing Youkinojo for the second time that 
morning was too much for Mihoshi and she began to ball uncontrollably.  Not but a few minutes later, the
 already exhausted Mihoshi fell asleep face down on the console in front of her in a puddle of her own 
drool.  The next thing Mihoshi knew, she was striding through the halls of GP headquarters confidently 
toward the office of the Commander in Chief to receive the next assignment that needed her special 
attention.  Mihoshi strode towards the doors of the Commander's office as two guards saluted her and cast 
her glances of veneration.  Mihoshi marched confidently past the guards and through the doors up to the 
desk of the commander who's chair was turned with its back toward Mihoshi.  "Detective First Class 
Miho-" Mishoshi began before being cut off.  "Our finest weapon in the war against intergalactic crime 
need not trouble herself with such petty formalities." The commander interjected.  "Oh commander. . ." 
Mihoshi began, ". . .I don't know what to say, I'm so flattered, I mean, after all I'm only one woman, and 
this is a biiiiiiig universe after all, and there are so many criminals and. . ." Mihoshi's ebuliant response to 
her commander's flattery was cut short as the commander spun around in her chair.  "Dammit Mihoshi, 
what the hell is wrong with you?" The commander, a confident looking slender woman with long black 
hair, berated Mihoshi vituperatively.  "Gosh Kiyone, I'm really sorry I-" Mishoshi stammered 
apologetically before being cut off once again.  "Dammit Mihoshi, what the hell is wrong with you, how 
many times do I have to tell you to call me COMMANDER Kiyone before you finally get it through your 
thick skull, huh!?!?"  "Gosh Kiyone, I'm really sorry" Mihoshi whimpered, fighting back a couple of tears. 
 Kiyone's face faulted as she fell backwards in her chair.  "Uhhhhhh. . .Kiyone?  Mihoshi asked nervously.  
Kiyone pulled herself up off the floor and set her chair back up and sat back down trying to correct her 
composure. "Honestly Mihoshi, your the best detective we have in the force. . ." Kiyone paused and 
continued under her breath ". . .don't ask me how though." she finished.  "What was that last part Kiy. . 
uhhhh. . .Commander Kiyone?"  Mihoshi asked inquisitively.  A large bead of sweat formed on Kiyone's 
head and she chuckled uneasily, "ummmm. . .nothing, really."  "Oh" Mihoshi replied puzzled.  "Mihoshi, 
you have more collars than anyone else on the force, how is it you can do all that and act like such an 
airhead all at the same time?"  "Gosh, I never really thought about it Commander Kiyone, I don't even try,
 really, wow, uhhhhh. . .I don't know. . .I guess. . .I guess. . .I guess it just comes to me naturally!" 
Mihoshi finished proudly.  "Kiyone's face faulted once more as she shook her head in disbelief, 
"riiiiiiiight, okay, whatever."  "Anyway Mihoshi, we have an assignment that needs your special. . 
.uhhhhhh. . .skills"  "Can I count on  your undivided attention and dedication to this, the most important 
case you've ever been assigned to?"  "You can count on me Kiyone, fighting to the death is what I am, it's 
what I. . ." Mihoshi vowed zealously before being cut off yet again.  "Dammit Mihoshi! Would you cut it 
out with the mellowdrama?"  "Ummmmmm. . .mellow-what Kiyone"  "Dammit!  Never mind already, 
listen, I need you to go back to earth and arrest Ryoko, the nefarious space pirate!  There, I said it, just a 
simple arrest, no fighting to the death. . ." Kiyone trailed off and continued under her breath, "although 
you're welcome to try, no matter who dies, I win"  Kiyone said with a snicker that grew into fits of 
maniacal laugher.  "Ummmm. . .what was that Kiy. . .uhhhhh. . .Commander Kiyone?  "What!?!?  Oh, 
nothing, never mind, so do you except this assignment and promise us your unyielding loyalty and 
dedication or not First Class Detective Air Head. . .errrrr. . .I mean Mihoshi?"  "Well yes Kiyone, I guess 
so, I mean, I'm a Galaxy Police officer and this is my job and I have a reputation to uphold.  "Yes, you say 
that Mihoshi, but you don't mean that at all, do you?" Kiyone accused indignantly.  "Uhhhhhh. . .but I'm 
not sure what it is that you mean Commander Kiyone." Mihoshi responded nervously.  "But I think you 
know exactly what it is that I'm talking about, don't you Detective First Class Mihoshi!" Commander 
Kiyone scolded, her tone rising.  "Well, I'm really not sure Kiyone, I mean, I've never let you down before,
 and you said it yourself, my record is better than anyone else's in the force and. . ."  Mihoshi stammered 
trying to get back within the good graces of her now infuriated commander before being cut off once 
more"  "Your record isn't the issue here, is it?" Commander Kiyone asked with a wicked grin.  "Well I 
think. . ."  "I don't care what the hell you think Mihoshi, the fact is that you count that pernicious pirate 
among your friends, isn't that right?  "Well. . ." Mihoshi began, beginning to sweat profusely, "To Ryoko's 
credit, the last time we had tea together, Ryoko did give me the bigger rice ball and. . ."  Mishoshi pleaded
 in Ryoko's defense before being cut off once more.  "Dammit Mihoshi! Do you even know what the hell it 
is your trying to say?  "Well I guess what I'm saying is that Ryoko really isn't that bad, I mean. . ."  "Isn't 
that BAD, Ryoko is the pirate responsible for the depredation of Jurai seven-hundred years ago that 
resulted in its being left in a state of perdition for years!"  "You say that she's so innocent, but we've 
received word from several reliable channels that Ryoko is in fact in the process of making insidious plans 
with several key figures of the criminal underworld to knock off the Bank of Jurai!"  "Well I'm sure that's 
just a big misunderstanding Commander Kiyone, I really don't think Ryoko is even capable of doing such 
. ." Mihoshi pleaded before Commander Kiyone angrily interjected.  "Mihoshi, your continue 
intransigence regarding this issue will warrant a stern reprimand, are you going back to earth to arrest
 Ryoko or NOT!?"  Kiyone yelled, the veins of her forehead beginning to bulge.  "Mihoshi stared 
dumbfounded at her commander letting everything she had said sink in.  Suddenly Commander Kiyone 
reached across her desk with impossible speed and grabbed Mihoshi by the collar, "Dammit Mihoshi. . ." 
Kiyone began to yell belligerently, ". . .we here at GP are ALL depending on you!!!" Kiyone screamed, 
her head seeming to grow twice it's normal size as she screamed, her face red and covered with sweat and 
the veins popping from her forehead.  "If you screw this up Mihoshi, we're ALL going to be in very big 
trouble, we're counting on you, you airhead! Don't screw this up, BRING US RYOKO!"  Mihoshi began 
to ball uncontrollably and woke up on the console of her cruiser in a puddle of drool and tears.  Mihoshi 
shivered momentarily thinking back to how real her dream had been.

	Meanwhile, back at the Masaki household, Tenchi carried a shivering Ryoko to his bed and laid 
her down.  "All right, I'll go ahead and leave so you can change out of those wet-" before Tenchi could 
even finish Ryoko phased out of her sopping wet kimono and lay fully exposed atop his bed.  "Come keep 
me warm Tenchi, I'm still cold!" Ryoko purred seductively.  Blood spurted from Tenchi's nose as he 
reached for a tissue off his desk and spun around and made a desperate leap towards the door.  Before 
Tenchi could get through the door, Ryoko had already phased behind him and had her arms wrapped 
around his waist.  Ryoko jerked Tenchi back into his room and shut the door in front of him.  "AYEK-!!!" 
Tenchi began to yell before Ryoko muffled him with the palm of her hand.  "Tenchiiiiiiii. . ." Ryoko 
whimpered, don't call her, she'll just come up here and ruin our fun. You do want to have fun, don't you 
Tenchi?"  Tenchi pried Ryoko's hand off of his mouth, and yelled in protest, "NO, I don't want to have any 
fun, I just want to go down and eat breakfast and get to Granddad's shrine before I get in big trouble!" 
Tenchi pleaded all in one breath.  "Oh Tenchiiiii. . ." Ryoko whimpered, don't you have just a few minutes
 to stay and keep me warm, that horrible Ayeka tried to drown me, and I could have froze to death out 
there if you hadn't come to rescue me!"  Ryoko asseverated.  "That's a horrible thing to say about Ayeka 
Ryoko, and we both know none of this would have happened if you hadn't locked Ayeka in Washu's lab. . 
.that's a horrible thing to do to anyone.  And you wouldn't have froze to death, you seem okay NOW. . ." 
Tenchi finished skeptically.   "That's only because of you Tenchi, now come on, just a couple of minutes 
with me on the bed to keep me from freezing to death?"  Ryoko pleaded, pulling Tenchi accross the room 
towards the bed.  Get serious Ryoko, just get under the covers, I have to go now!"  Tenchi wormed free of 
Ryoko's grip and darted out through the door after nimbly opening it.  Ryoko stood in the middle of the 
room staring down at the floor, she was still chilly, but she didn't really notice anymore as a few tears 
began to stream down her languid face.
On his way down the stairs Tenchi ran into Mihoshi just coming in from her nightshift patrol, soaking 
wet, which was little surprise to Tenchi.  "Better go find Washu and ask for help fixing your ship!"
 Tenchi said lightheartedly as he took Mihoshi's coat and hung it on the rack.  "Your right, Tenchi, but I 
think I'm finally starting to get the hang of it." Mihoshi admitted triumphantly.  "Good for you, why don't
 you go put on some dry clothes and get yourself some breakfast?"  "Oh yes, Mihoshi said with spirit, 
whatever Sasami's cooking smells delicious and I'm so hungry!  That argument with Kiyone really took a 
lot out of me!"  "With who?" Tenchi asked quizzically.  "With, Kiyone, the Commander and Chief of 
Galaxy Police, well, not really, actually, she used to be my partner, but I dreamed she was my chief, it was
 so strange Tenchi."  "Well, you must be hungry then, I'll see you at the breakfast table" Tenchi smiled,
 making not attempt to make sense of Mihoshi's rambling.  "Right!"  Mihoshi responded happily as she 
made her way for the stairs, now seemingly oblivious to the gravity of her dark nightmare and Youkinojo's 
plight.

	Breakfast passed in its typical fashion with the notable exception of a lack of confrontation 
considering the unusual absence of Ryoko from the breakfast table.  Tenchi had to admit he was 
concerned that Ryoko hadn't show up for breakfast, which was really unlike her.  He had briefly 
considered going up to check on her, but considering her lurid behavior in his room earlier that morning 
he decided that it was best if she had her space for a while.  After quickly wolfing down his breakfast, 
Tenchi quickly made his way to his Grandfather's shrine.  Upon reaching the top of the steps that lead to
 the shrine, Tenchi was confronted with a sight that caught him off guard, Katsuhito was actually 
sweeping.  "Tenchiiiiii!" his grandfather began stringently.  "Uh, yes grandfather?"  You're five minutes 
late, therefore this morning I will have to be all that much harder on you during your training, now take a 
quick moment to stretch."  "Yes grandfather."  Tenchi responded obediently as he kneeled down to 
stretch.  "You see what happens when you dawdle Tenchi, I grew so impatient I had to resort to doing 
your chores while I waited for you" Katsuhito complained in annoyance.  "Sorry grandfather." Tenchi 
apologized as he stretched with his back turned to his grandfather.  "That Ryoko!" Tenchi thought to 
himself, "I could've been here on time and even had a chance to actually enjoy my breakfast instead of 
swallowing it whole if she hadn't pulled her prank!"  "Make sure you're nice and limber Tenchi, you're 
going to need to be for this workout. "  "Yes grandfather." Tenchi responded obediently.  Unbeknownst to 
them, up in the trees, Ryoko reclined leisurely on a sturdy branch above Katsuhito and Tenchi and gazed 
down on Tenchi dreamily.  "You don't need to waist your time with these silly workout's Tenchi," Ryoko
 thought to herself silently, "I'll teach you things Katsuhito's never dreamed of."  When Tenchi finished 
stretching, he bent over and picked up the bokken at his feet and spun around to face his grandfather.  As 
Tenchi spun to face his grandfather he was immediately met by the overhead chop of a broom aimed for 
his face.  Tenchi barely managed to react in time and just deflected the blow from the broom before it hit 
his face.  Katsuhito continued his furious assault with the broom in the form of a serious of quick swings 
and chops.  "Grandpa!!" Tenchi protested loudly as he struggled in a futile manner to keep his broom-
wielding grandfather at bay.  "What seems to be the problem Tenchi, is this old man to much for you, is 
that it?"  "No, that's not it at all!" Tenchi continued to protest, "How can I take you seriously with you 
swinging a broom at me like that?"  Katsuhito continued to bear down on Tenchi with a flurry of chops
 from the broom.  "Ahhhhh. . .I think I understand Tenchi," Katsuhito began as he continued to swing 
with abandon at a wildly parrying Tenchi, "I'd be embarrassed to if I was a young man being so badly 
beaten by an old man with a broom."  "Now wait just a minute!" Tenchi protested.  Before Tenchi could
 think of a suitable retort, Katsuhito swung low with the broom before Tenchi could mount an effective 
block and knocked him off his feet.  Tenchi landed on his back with a thud and a groan.  Katsuhito gave a 
slight bow and then guffawed boisterously for a few moments before managing to catch his breath.  
"Looks like this old man swept you off your feet Tenchi!" Katsuhito laughed derisively.  "Very funny."
 Tenchi grumbled.  Up above Katsuhito and Tenchi, Ryoko slapped herself on the forehead with the palm 
of her hand and shook her head with resignation, "Poor, Tenchi, that old man is always making a fool out 
of him, it's so unfair!"  Suddenly an idea occurred to Ryoko, and with a sinister snicker she reached down 
below her to one of the smaller branches and wrapped her fingers around it with her iron grip.  "All right 
old man, get ready" Ryoko snickered under her breath, wickedly. 

	Tenchi still lay prone at his grandfather's feet as he stared up at him in annoyance.  
"Grandfather, are you going to keep using that?" Tenchi asked accusingly.  "This Tenchi?" Katsuhito 
asked, gesturing with the broom, "Nooooooo, I think not, it is clearly far to advanced for you at the current 
level of your fighting prowess." Katsuhito finished, throwing the broom to the ground.  "What!?!?" 
Tenchi protested, "You just got lucky that's all, that broom had nothing to do with it!"  "Oh I see." 
Katsuhito responded with equanimity, "You would like a rematch then?"  "No! Not with that broom, you 
look ridiculous fighting with that thing!"  "I see, how does that reflect on you Tenchi, you just got 
defeated by a ridiculous looking old man with a broom."  Tenchi sighed with resignation and got back up 
on his feet.  "Fine, fight with whatever you want, I don't care" Tenchi said indifferently as a he squared 
off in front of his grandfather and took a warriors stance with his bokken.  "Ahhhhhhh. . .very well, have 
it your way then, Tenchi, I'll do just that."  Katsuhito gave the stolid looking Tenchi a stern glare and 
reached behind his back and produced something that had been tucked in his sash.  With a determined 
warriors grunt, Katsuhito squared off in front of Tenchi in a warriors stance with a long handled feather 
duster extended in front of him.  "Whaaaaa-!?!?!" Tenchi yelled, "Grandpa you've got to be joking!!!" A 
clearly agitated Tenchi yelled incredulously.  Without hesitation Katsuhito bore down on Tenchi with his 
feather duster.    	
e-mail me at misanthrope32@hotmail.com
