-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Disclaimer: This story contains scenes of sexually graphic nature. Do not
Read this story if you are not of legal age in your area, or if it is not
Allowed in your community. Do not read this if you are offended by sexual
Acts of any nature. I claim no right to any of these characters.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tenchi feeling inadequate listening to the school kids talk about their sex
lives. Decides to do something to enrich his. Will one of the 5 incredibly
beautiful girls at the Masaki compound help him.

"Hahahaha yeah and what did you do to her then Higashi"
"Heh I tied her hands up and bagged her she cried like a baby..."
Tenchi sat on the front steps listening to his classmates with a slight look

of irritation on his face.
It went on like this daily.
He'd sit down to enjoy his meal, someone would talk about this woman they
bagged one night that woman they bagged the next, and then...
"Hey Tenchi how about you? I know your not a virgin are you.are you?" asked
Higashi.
The others stared at him with interest waiting for a reply.
Now he was part the show.
"Have you ever felt up a girls dress Tenchi?" asked Higashi with a smirk.
"Have you ever done it Tenchi?" asked someone else with interest.
Tenchi a little nervous to reply looked at them with a little shock, mixed
with anger.
What if he hadn't that was his business.
"You boys ought to be ashamed of yourselves," said a voice from nowhere," I
thought you where in a higher grade level then the kinder gardeners, but I
guess I was wrong,"
It was Michiko one of the high school seniors.
The guys turning around to joke and hit on her, no longer interested  in
Tenchi's inexperienced love life.
"Good" Tenchi thought, but something was eating him up inside.
"God" thought Tenchi ," am I that lame. Day in and day out I listen to these

guys tell sex stories. I could have them beat. I live with 6 incredibly
beautiful girls...well 5 Sasami's a child... Man." With a sigh Tenchi puts a

hand on his face the other holding his spoon finishing his meal.
After school Tenchi walked home in deep thought over toady's events.
School, homework, the front step conversation all swims to and fro in his
mind.
As he walks in the entranceway of his home he is greeted/ambushed by...
"Hello Tenchi" says a flying Ryoko to a shocked Tenchi.
She tackled him almost taking Tenchi down. Ryoko began to  hug Tenchi
tightly, Tenchi feeling her breast and body press against his he slightly
blushes.
Ryoko saw this while smiling she pulled him tighter.
Feeling his member hit her leg.  Ryoko's eyes widen, and she turns red.
"Uh-ahahahah,"a mumbling Tenchi struggled to get out a reply, and think
without getting a nosebleed.
"Ryoko!" cried Aeyka saving a poor helpless simpleminded subdued Tenchi,
"What are you doing to lord Tenchi that is totally improper (besides I
didn't
think of it first)"
Ryoko sighed letting Tenchi go, sneaking a kiss on his cheek and faded away.

"You can have him now Princess, I got what I want," said Ryoko turning and
smiling," bye Tenchi" blew a kiss at Tenchi as she departed for regions
unknown.
Tenchi tred to hide his growing hard-on with his backpack, making way for
his
room.
"Tenchi here let me get that for you" said Sasami who couldn't have come at
the worst time. She grabbed the pack to Tenchi's Protest.   Tenchi
embarassed
and somewhat exposed, started from a high step to a 100-yard dash as he
tried
to make it to his room.
"Wow Tenchi moves fast, uhmmm. Ayeka what's wrong with Tenchi's leg it
looked
like something was poking out." asked a curious Sasami.
"Umm Uhhh it was a pack of life savers" said a now shocked and startled
Ayeka, "Now run along dear didn't you have something on the oven?"
"Oh yes I forgot my Jurian Cookies I made them for Tenchi, they'll burn"
said
Tsunami as she quickly ran into the kitchen.
Inside Tenchi's room Tenchi sat on his bed, thinking about the situation
that
just had occurred.
"God did I just wimp out or what. I was a little turned on by what I had
heard earlier. Now being home and just thinking about it...Man Ryoko knew. I

bet Ayeka knows too damn."
Tenchi then took out his books laying them on his study desk, but quickly
puts them away as he finds his thoughts occasionally driftting to pictures
of
Ryoko or Ayeka naked.
"What would it be like to be with a woman, especially this would be the
first
time I...?"
To preoccupied Tenchi put his books away.
"I'll get back to this later I need some air."
Walking out of his room Tenchi passing by Ayeka was headed for hers.
"Excuse me Ms. Ayeka" greets Tenchi as he walks by.
"No problem lord Tenchi." said Ayeka softly.
As Ayeka walked she clumsily stumbled over her robe.
Tenchi turned around to see if Ayeka was OK grabs her by the butt.
Ayeka relaxed realizing Tenchi had broken her from falling, but quickly
turned bright red as she realized where his hands where.
She leaned over quickly kissing  Tenchi softly on the lips and swiftly ran
to
her room.
With a loud "slam" Tenchi stood in the hall dumbfounded at what just
occured,
Tenchi then shrugged it off and casually strolled for the door..
Walking outside Tenchi felt the cool breeze, and looking around Tenchi
noticing the leaves falling on the ground.
"Why am I getting these thoughts, Now when I don't need them.
I like Ryoko and I like Ayeka but before I had more control now...I don't
know."
He walked until he came to the foot of a small pond on the Masaki residence.

Staring at his distorted reflection  himself Tenchi whinced as if being
shot.
He looks up with a hint of determination, and anxiety..
"If the opportunity presents it self I'm going for it I don't care." He
thought.
Tenchi walked back to his home clenching his stomach as if  he could
actually
feel the butterflies doing somersaults.
That night at the Masaki Compound everyone was settled down after a great
meal from Sasami, Ryoko and Ayeka's mortal combat, and the general run of
the
mill day Tenchi was tired, exhausted he drearily climbed the steps, making
way to his room.
Walking into his room undressing. Tenchi climbed to bed falling fast asleep.

Moments hours past deep into a dream Tenchi Pictured himself kissing and
feeling on a faceless girl.
He kissed her neck  proceeding to undo her blouse...suddenly he was awake.
Alerted to a sound coming from his bed.
"Mmmmmm your bed is nice and soft Tenchi. A girl could come to like it
here."
said a voice in Tenchi's bed.
"Huh" Tenchi startled pulled the covers off of his mystery guests' head.
"Ryoko..?!"
"Uhhh hi you where still suppose to be asleep", said Ryoko smiling.
"Get out you know I hate it when you sneak into my room."
"Ahhh come on Tenchi pretty please (Ryoko said slyly smiling her face close
enough to touch his), I'll be good."
Tenchi about to reply hazily thought for a minute, about the steps, about
the
pond.
"I will keep my promise I made to myself." Thought Tenchi.
"Yeah why not" he said pulling the covers on both of them.
Ryoko a little pleased with his gesture of kindness purred and moving closer

close to Tenchi.
Tenchi looked at her for a moment trying to adjust his eyes to the darkness
of his room. Her figure was perfect he thought to himself.
Looking at her long thighs, her nice perky breast, her very open glow in the

dark eyes.
"Busted" Tenchi thought.
"Tenchi, earlier this morning when I hugged you, you seemed a little
excited." said Ryoko smiling," Are you now?"
"Me? No," said Tenchi. Looking at her lips seeing her smile, Tenchi thought
about what the boys where talking about.
Thinking of what it would be like to hear Ryoko moan, and his promise to
himself.
"Ryoko...?"Asked a muddled Tenchi.
"Yeah Tenchi what is It." asked Ryoko.
"Uh have you ever...(voice coming to a whisper) had sex?" Tenchi asked
nervously.
Ryoko reaches over Tenchi to turn on his dresser lamp revealing her to be
blushing.
"W-What I didn't hear that last one right. Could you repeat that?" asked
Ryoko slightly nervous.
Tenchi could see Ryoyo's body better now she had on a lacy black bra, and
black panties. Tenchi stared at her pale white skin, and for a moment and
lost himself.
He leaned over hesitantly to kiss Ryoko.
She embraced him.
Kissing her in the mouth while his fingers played through her soft long
spiky
silver hair.
Ryoko moaned with the kiss.
"Mmmm...Oh Tenchi You really want to be with me?" asked Ryoko who closes her

eyes enjoying her lips pressed against his. She smiles eyes closed hugging
Tenchi.
Both sitting up Tenchi Removed his shirt.
He stared at Ryoko who still looked a little nervous.
"Does he really want me, I mean all this time, Wow so many things going on
in
my head right now it's hard to think...Does he love me?" Ryoko stared at his

chest. Placing a hand over his nipple rubbing it.
She leaned over and kissed Tenchi this time.
With all the passion she could muster they kissed in a frenzy for what
lasted
minutes. Breaking away Tenchi pulled down his pajama bottoms, quickly
getting
under the covers to Ryoko's dismay before Ryoko Not letting her eye if he
had
a package or not. He kissed her soft lips relishing every second.
Slowly working down he caressed her neck with his hand while kissing her at
the same time.
Ryoko moaned wrapping her arms around Tenchi's back rubbing his spine with
her fingertips.
Tenchi slowly drifts to her chest kissed her nipples as they grew hard and
erect.
"Oh Tenchi" Ryoko moaned softly.
Tenchi could feel the warmth of her lower era with one of his legs between
her legs greeting him like a beacon. Tenchi licking Ryoko's nipples on her
left breast while his right hand played with the other.
"Tenchi.." Ryoko moaned her head drifting back, her pelvis moving up and
down
her legs moving to and fro, inviting him to take her.
Tenchi grabbed her ankles slowly moving her legs apart slowly rubbing her
Vagina along his stomach as he slid down kissing her all over her body,
moving his hands slowly across her thighs slowly lowering moving downward
his
chest rubbing against her soft spot, face with her vagina.
Tenchi slowly kissed Ryoko's Pussy. Ryoko lightly moaning legs rubbing his
back while opening wider inviting Tenchi deeper.
Ryoko smiled then moaned as Tenchi slowly starting licking her pussy.
Opening his first obstacles with two fingers his tongue slowly and
rhythmically licking her inner privates.
"ohhh... Tenchi" Ryoko moans her hands rubbing through Tenchi's dark hair.
Ryoko pelvis starts to move rhythmically moving to Tenchi's rhythm.
Ryoko started to jerk as she felt waves of heat move throughout her body.
"Ohhhhh...Tenchi...oohhh (rubbing her chest with her hand, while messaging
her stomach with the other) ummmfphhhh....Tenchi!"She cried Her head jerking

a little. Tenchi started to pick up speed flicking his tongue inside,
outside, and deep into Ryoko's pussy. Ryoko Trying not to be too loud turns
her head biting the pillow as Ryoko comes. Her body jerking wildly, but her
waist and arms pinned by Tenchi..
"Mmmmmphhh..mmmugh..mmmmmphhhh...mmmmphh..Ahhhhh...ah...ah..ah.." Ryoko
moaned loudly into the pillow, her waist relaxed. She settled down. Tenchi
raises up rubbing her face with his hand kissing her. Ryoko leaning up licks

his lips relishing her taste mixed with his kisses.
"This is it,"he thought. Looking at Ryoko pant. They both smiled at each
other. Ryoko lightly biting her lower lip lies back, opening her legs once
more  inviting Tenchi.
"You are so beautiful Ryoko," said Tenchi. Ryoko gaining composure smiles
lifting back up kissed Tenchi softly, and with one-hand guides his cock into

her.
Ryoko at first closed her eyes gasping. Ryoko smiled feeling the size of
Tenchi's cock, and how tight he stretched her.
"Mmmmmm Tenchi..."said Ryoko breath a little labored. Royko kissed Tenchi as

he leaned over.
"This is what it feels like, Him inside of me" She thought "I-It kind of
hurts but we went this far I want this to be special."
"Tenchi...I love you," said Ryoko softly.
Tenchi looked at Ryoko shocked, not at the fact that she said she loved him,

more of so the fact that she spoke softly to him.
"Ryoko...I...love." Tenchi stumbled on his words but wasn't able to finish
his sentence as Ryoko Kisses him wildly, grabbed his butt and pushed him
into
her.
"Ooooohhhh...oww.." Ryko cries moaning into the kiss. Ryoko threw her head
back not expecting Tenchi's cock inside her would hurt so much.
Tenchi rubbing his fingers through her hair French kisses her but cautiously

maneuvers around her sharp teeth.
He starts to thrust.
"aaahhh..ahhh...ow...ow..ow!" Ryoko yelps softly "P..Please Tenchi go slow
this is, this is my...first Tenchi"
Looking up at Tenchi her brief moment of vulnerability Tenchi smiled.
Tenchi smiled as he moved slowly writhing inside of her. Kissing Ryoko
Tenchi's head moves closer to Ryoko whispering in her ear.
"This is my first time too." With that minutes upon minutes of moving slow
each time Tenchi thrusted all the way in Ryoko's vagina contracting and
Ryoko
lightly moaning.
"(Breathing heavily) Tenchi...ughhh..Go faster." Ryoko moaned softly.
Her fingernails digging into Tenchi's back Ryoko moaning as slow rhythmic
movements become quicker and harder.
"Uhmmmph...Uhmmmph I'm sorry Tenchi," she cries.
"No...No...uhph..Ryoko," moans Tenchi", don't be."
Tenchi picks up the pace. Ryoko's light moans turning into louder burst of
cries.
The bed quakes, and Ryoko and Tenchi both grind into each other.
"oAh...Ah..Ah...Ah...Tenchi", Ryoko cries her arms and legs wrapped tightly
around Tenchi. Her legs moved up and down bouncing along as Tenchi thrusted
deeper into Ryoko's aching private.
Tenchi's moaning starting low gets louder and louder with each thrust.
Ryoko and Tenchi began to kiss each other frenziedly.
One of Ryoko's legs lose its hold Ryoko, but Tenchi grabs her ankle changed
positions. Lifting her leg up Ryoko smiled rubbing and playing with Tenchi's

nipple on his chest. Tenchi thrust again Ryoko's back arches up, as he
pounded into her.
"Oh..Oh...Oh..Oh,"Cried Ryoko.
Ryoko finding a Rhythm with Tenchi dropped her both legs and thrust herself
onto Tenchi's cock pulling him deeper inside of her.
"Ahhugh..ah..ah...ah. Tenchi..ugh..Tenchi I'm coming Tenchi", Ryoko
screamed.
Tenchi's cock begins to slide into Ryoko as he is covered with her juices.
Ryoko spasms as she came on Tenchi's cock. Ryoko  almost speechless for a
moment as the feeling takes control of her. Tenchi thrust harder, and
faster.
"AUUUGHHH AUUGGHHH TENCHI ...DON'T STOP UHHHOO...THAT FEELS SO GOOD
TENCHI...AHHHH," cried Ryoko.
Tenchi sat up looking at Ryoko's body.
"Ryoko..."
"W-Why did you stop Tenchi?" Ryoko asked gasping for air.
"God your so beautiful..."Tenchi whispered again in Ryoko's ear, she
blushes.
Smiling Ryoko kissed Tenchi. Tenchi lifts her up, her fingers combing
through
his hair Tenchi sat Ryoko in his lap. Ryoko got up then sat down Tenchi
entered her pussy again.
Tenchi in between Ryoko's legs starts kissing her and rubbing her butt, eyes

locked on one another. Ryoko smiles, as her face is now flushed. Ryoko
panting Moves up and down Tenchi's cock sliding in and out of her pussy.
Ryoko moans as her pussy contracts and throbs on his cock. She feels like
she's going to come again.
"Uhmmmm Ryoko," moans Tenchi who is greeted by a barrage of kisses from
Ryoko. Tenchi grabs her butt moving her pussy deeper onto his cock. Ryoko
pauses from kissing laying her head on Tenchi who wraps his arms around
Ryoko
lifting up an pounding into Ryoko's hot pussy.
"Ah...Ah...Ah....Stop..ah..," Ryoko cried. Ryoko pushing against his chest
breaking off. Head turned to the side looking at the floor Ryoko caught her
breath for a momment.
"Something wrong Ryoko?" asked a surprised Tenchi.
Ryoko looking up starts kissing Tenchi.
Grabbing and stroking his member  putting him inside her again this time
moving slowly to her own rhythm.
Hugging and kissing Tenchi moving wildly on him.
Tenchi leaning back grabbing her butt pushing her deeper on him once again.
"mmmmm" Tenchi moaned.
Ryoko closed her eyes arching her back totally into the experience. Then she

felt something.
"mmmphh....Tenchi..::huff::..aughhh..."cried Ryoko Both of them moaning to
the incredible experience as they thrusted on one other.
Ryoko felt Tenchi's member growing stiffer inside of her, bulging struggling

for release.
Knowing he's was about to come she moves faster in a flurry to hurry him
along. Her butt slapped on his lap.
"Ahhh...ahhh..ahhhh (pants)Tenchi...Tenchi come for me." says Ryoko who goes

to nibbling on his ear while tightening her pussy at the same time.
"Uuuaaahhhhhh....Uuuuahhhh uuughhh"Tenchi moaned feeling him self about to
come Tenchi clutched Ryoko.
"Aughhh..ahhhhh..huff..huf I love you Tenchi...I love...you.." cried Ryoko,
as she thrusted hugging him her head laying on his chest.
With her last thrust Tenchi comes deep inside Ryoko.
"Uahugh...uuuahhhh T-T-Tenchi....."moans Ryoko softly still moving on
Tenchi's slippery member.
"Ahhahhhaa...mmmm Ryoko.."panted Tenchi.
Ryoko this time eyes closed almost speechless as she comes again.
Collapsing in spasms on his chest Ryoko kissed Tenchi's chest, eyes closed
smiling.
"Huff...huff..huff" pants Tenchi. Stroking a sweat covered Ryoko's face.
Tenchi kisses her lightly on the mouth.
Hugging Tenchi tightly with her finger tips rubbing Tenchi's back.
"Ryoko"cried  Tenchi.
"Yes Tenchi..?"asks Ryoko panting.
"I-I love you." said Tenchi, as he comes again inside Ryoko.
Ryoko softly moaning smiled stroking the outline of Tenchi's face.
They kissed throughout the night exhausted until sleep enveloped the two and

all is quiet at the Masaki house until morning.
"Hello Tenchi" said Sasami a familiar friendly voice that always greets him
this time of the day. She had prepared pancakes and some exotic Jurian
untray.
Scratching his side Tenchi yawned slightly tired, made his way to the
bathroom.
"Man you look wasted you must haven't have gotten enough sleep, do you want
me to make you a pot of coffee?" asked Sasami.
"Yeah, Yeah that'd be fine Thank you Sasami," said Tenchi patting her on the

head, and making his way to the Bathroom.
"What was that noise I heard last night?" asked Sasami with a look of
curiosity " I think it came from your room?"
"uhmmm ahhhhh i-it was" Tenchi stumbled nervously with his words.
"It was in my room I was doing some new crazed exercises (looking at Tenchi
grinning) ."replied Ryoko," Sorry Tenchi if I kept you awake."
Tenchi and Ryoko stared at each other for a moment.
"Ryoko..."said a slightly blushed Tenchi.
"Tenchi", Ryoko replied with a slight smile and flushed face.
"Well if you asked me I think it was very rude of you to keep the whole
house
awake with your shenanigans Ryoko" Replied Ayeka walking and bumping Ryoko
out of the way.
"Hey!" shouted Ryoko.
Tenchi smirked and resumed his quest for the bathroom.
Turning on the faucet and leaning down washing his face and hands.
Leaning back up Tenchi eyes Ryoko behind him in the mirror staring at him.
He turned around they both smiled at each other kissing one another
passionately.
Ryoko smiling excitedly returns the favor kissing him deeper in return.
"Ryoko Where's Ryoko?" Ayeka asked.
"Walking down the steps," Ryoko Replies,
"I didn't know you cared Ayeka, maybe we should go steady." said Ryoko
smiling.
"Why you...!!" Ayeka Screamed.
We cut off from a typical day at the Masaki compound, to the school steps.
At school Tenchi eating his lunch sitting on the same step listens to
Higashi
and his friends bellow out another power fantasy of him and a woman.
"Yeah and what did you do next man...?",asks a student.
"Oh god she moaned, you wouldn't believe it," said Higashi.
Tenchi eating his sandwich smirked listening to Higashi's story."What a load

of Bull%#it," thought Tenchi.
Then like always it starts.
"Yo Tenchi. What are you smiling at. What about your man, you graduated from

minor leagues yet?", asked Hagashi with a grin.
Tenchi slowly turned around  smirk  still on his face.
"It's none of your business", said Tenchi as returned to his meal.
They pause with silence the ritual was broken, no longer did Tenchi
nervously
avoid the question.
Michiko walking by smiled.
"Ha don't you get it you perverts?" Michiko said.
"huh what..."Higashi turns around looking at her.
"He's in Love," said Michiko.
The End.
