                   
                         No Need For Changes
                              Part One:
     "The Jaded Dragon"

Warning: Coarse Language is used.

                              Summer 2000.
It was one of those hot, sticky, humid summer nights that Japan 
was famous for. This made First Class Kiyone Makabi of the Galaxy 
Police uncomfortable. Even though both she and her partner Mihoshi were 
wearing light casual clothing for this time of year; she still had to 
wipe away the sweat off her face. At one point tonight, her headband 
itself got so soak from her perspiring that she had to ring it out.
This weather is nothing like the kind that she grew up with back 
on her home on her planet. Warm yes, however, not as humid.  The truth 
be known, it wasn't the weather that was on her mind. 
Nor with the way her life was going right now. Ever since she has 
been "mourned" on this planet with her partner, her life has been a 
hell. 
All of the odd jobs that she has been doing with her collaborate 
in order to survive on this planet have been in the most 
cases.disappointing. 
The new job, working on a highway repair crew has been the best 
one yet. Great pay and medical, however, long hours (and with 
this summer heat, it is no help.) Now far away from where they 
used to live, she and Mihoshi are working on Route 16. Part of a 
major highway system that runs along large cities such as, 
Yokosuka, Yokohama, and Tokyo.
This makes it somewhat a complexity to keep an eye on the Tenchi 
family especially the space pirate named Ryoko. 
Not to mention the trouble they had to go through to hide their 
ship near-by. Never the less, they had to take the job.
In addition, with the Galaxy Police, now just starting to 
reorganize itself with the completion of it's new Headquarters after 
Kane destroyed the last one. The chance of her getting off this world 
and back into space anytime soon was not good.
The fact is, she was worried about the well fare of another 
fellow Galaxy Police officer. One who is in serious trouble right now 
after Kiyone found out about him from his distress signal on her "Cube" 
just a short time ago.
For the last two hours, she and Mohoshi have been following the 
homing signal around the city of Yokohama trying to find the "downed 
officer" which has finally brought them to "China Town" in Yokohama.
In reality, however, it should have only taken about forty-five 
minutes to get the source of the signal from the hotel where they are 
staying at, but, as usual Mihoshi lead Kiyone astray from the trail 
several times.
Now Mihoshi newest "blunder" was making her and Kiyone getting 
off the J.R. Negishi Line too soon. The stop they should have gotten 
off was the "Ishikawacho" instead they got off on "Kannai" which is 
right by "Yokohama Stadium" and now Kiyone and Mihoshi are doing a 
"fast walk" toward the main entrance of "China Town".
	"Come on Mihoshi!" cried Kiyone.
"I'm coming! I'm coming!" replied her partner as they both 
stopped at a crosswalk.
"Boy, I'm I tried from this heat!" Mihoshi complained. 
"I'am too!" said Kiyone along with a sigh. "But, were almost 
there! At least that what "this" says!"
Both Kiyone and Mihoshi look at the "Cube" which is acting like a 
kind of a GPS system.
"Ohhh, why couldn't this guy land his ship near-by?" Mihoshi 
asked Kiyone in an annoying tone of voice.
Kiyone looked at her fellow police officer with a stern look.
"Because for the third time." Said Kiyone through her bared 
teeth. "He crashed landed his ship just outside of Tokyo Bay and 
somehow made it to here. Just how I don't know yet!"
"Ohh O-Kay!" exclaimed Mihoshi. "Let's go then!"
Without thinking at all (No surprise there) Mihoshi runs right 
out into the street!
"Wait you idiot!" cries out Kiyone as she sees what is coming 
down the road at a good speed. A motorcycle!
The rider of the bike sees the blonde woman light up by his 
headlight just in time for him to avoid hitting Mihoshi and quickly 
swivels around almost losing control and falling off. However, he 
regains control of the bike and speeds away, but not before he yells 
"Baka!" back at Mihoshi.
Kiyone grabs her partner and pulls her back.
"Didn't you see that "machine" coming?!" she scolded.
Without missing a beat Mihoshi with a smile to her face says:
"A motorcycle. An American "XLH Sportster 883 Hugger" by Harley 
and Davidson."
Kiyone just looks at Mihoshi with amazement. And just had to ask:
"Are you sure?"
"Well.no." she replied. "I think the color was "Luxury Blue 
Pearl" but it's night now and..."
"Never mind." Said Kiyone with a grumble. She then adjusts her 
backpack, which was beginning to slip off her.         "Let's go!"
The two women continue their trek toward the gate.
              ********************************

Mihoshi was right about the model, however, wrong about color. It 
was "Vivid Black". Nevertheless, who cares. 	Right now that same 
cycle is parked in an alleyway in China Town itself and the owner is 
making his way up a stair well into a darken room on the top floor of a 
building facing down the main street.
He stops for a few seconds before he gets to the top of the 
stairs and takes a few quick "sniffs" with his nose.
"Good! It's him." He thinks to himself.
However, just as he begins to walk up again a deep voice calls 
out from the entrance of the door.
"Come on up my friend." Says the voice in Japanese. "You're just 
in time! It hasn't started yet!"
"Yes!" he replied in the same language with respect because he 
knew who it was and he could tell it was safe to do so.
As the man walks in to the room the only light that shown in was 
from the building cross the street, which was a nightclub for "Ravers".
He carefully looked around the room until another man came around 
a door at the other side.
The man who himself was Japanese was slim of build, black hair, 
very dark eyes, and was wearing a kind of dark suit. One might take him 
as a kind of a "Salaryman"*, but, that would soon be changed after 
seeing the badge, handcuffs, and small pistol on his belt that he is a 
"omawarisan" or "policeman".
"Come over here, "Dan". Said the policeman to the other one in 
his native tongue. "They just showed up with "it" just a few minutes 
ago."
"I see you got my message,"Makoto"." Said Dan. As he walked 
toward the window, but staying out of the light.
Other than from his name and his strong northern accent, one 
would clearly see Dan is a foreigner. An American in fact. He was tall 
with a large build, smooth dark brown hair, with light blue-hazed eyes 
that gave sharp look to anyone that crossed them, and he was in need a 
shave. He was wearing light civilian clothes; jeans and a blue T-shirt.
"The second I got your call from Shinko pier in Yokosuka that the 
"Dragon" was off the ship. I left my "Koban" and came here!" This 
"thing" within. must be captured at last. After all these years it's 
within our reach!"
Dan could not really understand what was so important about this 
"thing" called the "Jaded Dragon" that Makoto wanted so badly. Other 
than it being worth at least two million U.S. dollars and that somebody 
was murdered for it back in "Hong Kong" just a few days ago. To Dan in 
most cases, this was just another "relic" they where going to get back. 
However, his partner, Makoto said this one was VERY different from 
others of the past. This alone made Dan a little more curious than 
normal about doing this "stakeout".  Makoto would just tell him; (with 
a very serious look) "There was an evil thing inside it." Makoto even 
went as far as to say it was a kind of "oni".a "Hannya" (female demon) 
perhaps. He and the others in the "Pack" just really did not know the 
whole tale to this "Thing". In fact no one did from his own 
investigation within the "Pack" itself. This of course made it more 
difficult to understand about it and it made Dan uneasy. He did not 
like mysteries very well.
 Even with the information he did know, Dan just could not 
swallow all this. Even after so much has happen to him personally in 
the last few years. He was just the kind of guy that in most cases he 
must "see it" in order to "believe it".
"No way we can hear them?" he asked.
"No." replied Makoto. "I could not get inside the room to plant a 
"bug" without letting know that we were on top them." 



*****************************
"Were right on top of him!" said Kiyone as she looked down on the 
"cube" again. "Turn here, Mihoshi!"
                        *****************
Dan looks down on the street just to see Kiyone and Mihoshi come 
off the other street. "Well. Hello there again." Dan said outloud with 
discus.
"What?" asked Makoto.
"Those two girls! Coming off "Yamashita-cho"! I almost ran over 
them on the way here."
      *************
Kiyone walks down the street a little more then stops in front of 
the nightclub.
"He's in here!" says Kiyone outloud and walks in, Mihoshi is 
right behind her.
Inside the club, which was packed with people. Loud rave music 
was playing with many lights and lasers about. Kiyone and Mihoshi 
pushed there way through the crowd until they reach the other end of 
the club where the bar was. 
"Now what?" asked Mihoshi as she was finally noticing that the 
"dark bulbs" made her hair glow "funny".
Kiyone does not say a word but looks around until something 
catches the corner of her left eye.
"There!" she points to a man at the other end of the bar. He was 
holding up a Galaxy Police badge!
"Is that him?!" asked Mihoshi. 
"No, it's not!" replied Kiyone. "He might know, but let's be 
careful about this!"
"Right!" Mihoshi quickly said as they walked toward the large 
Asian man who might be the club's bouncer for all they know.
"Are you from the 'Galaxy Police?'" yelled the man  quickly over 
the music from a huge speaker behind him.
This of course alarmed both of the officers because he(an 
Earthman) knew about the Galaxy Police itself!
	"Yes!"  Kiyone said with a serious tone. "How do you know about 
this?"
	Kiyone then points to the badge.
	"You will come with me now!" the man said with an orderly tone to 
his voice.
	The two complied and followed the man with no choice, however, 
Kiyone did not believe this was a good idea at all.
	He led them into an elevator that took them to the fourth floor, 
which was a private clubroom. 
	The two officers stepped out with the man behind them as the 
doors closed.
	Inside this room was nothing more than two chairs facing away out 
toward a large window, and a large around table which something on it 
was covered with a purple silk cover. 
	Then one of the chairs turns suddenly to reveal an alien humanoid 
who wore a Galaxy Police officer uniform!
The humanoid looked like an earthling with a medium build and 
height to him. However, his skin was pale almost to the point that he 
looked "flushed", and his eyes had a yellow tint to them and his 
straight hair was sliver by color.
His appearance now along with his Galaxy Police uniform shows 
that he has had a rough time getting here with the "bumps and bruises" 
he had along with a torn uniform.
 "First Class Officers, Kiyone and Mihoshi I believe?"
	said the other Officer.
	"First Class "Ka-Tar"!" says Kiyone with a very concerned voice 
as she walks to him and begins to look over his injures. "Are you all 
right?!"
	"I've been better." Says Ka-Tar with a groan and a smile. "And 
been worst as you know."
	"We'll talk later!" says Kiyone as she takes off her backpack, 
from it she pulls out a Galaxy Police issued first aid kit.
	"Do you know if anything is broken? Can you walk out of here?"
	All this time the other man did not move, nor speak at all. 
Nevertheless, he was a little puzzled at the way Kiyone is now speaking 
to the "alien". Because just a few minutes ago she was speaking 
flawless Japanese to him, now she was talking in a "tongue" that he has 
never heard before.
	"I'm strong enough to go with you." Said Ka-Tar as he stood up 
from his chair. "I do ask you to look at this first!"
	"Can it wait?" asked Kiyone as she looked out the window on to 
the street filled with people. "It's not safe for you to be here out in 
the "open" like this! These kind of humans could "freak out" at seeing 
anything odd!"
	"Not to worry about that." Replied Ka-Tar with smoothness.
	Mihoshi also looked out the window. She waved to some people 
below! Kiyone yanks her back from the window!
	"Stop that!" she says to Mihoshi up close and with a soft tone.
	"Behold!" Says Ka-Tar as he pulls off the purple silk cover off 
to reveal a large head of an Asian dragon with a fierce expression on 
it. It appeared to be carved out of the mineral called; "Jade"! The 
deepest green that either Kiyone or Mihoshi have ever seen on this 
planet.
			         **************
	All this time Dan and Makoto were watching Kiyone, Mihoshi, and 
the others from the building cross the street. 
	Makoto and Dan jump with a little alarm as they see the "Jaded 
Dragon".
	"I take it that's it?" asked Dan as he pulled out and looked 
through his high-powered "scope" that was designed for a rifle for a 
closer look. He gazes at the jade statue then at the large Asian man 
behind Kiyone and Mihoshi. "There he is. The motherfucker." He grumbles 
in his throat.
"Yes, it is the evil 'Thing'!" said Makoto with great concern in 
his voice.
	"And I thought the 'Asian Dragon' was suppose to be a thing of 
good!" said Dan with puzzlement as he zoomed in closer to the jade 
statue. 
	Makoto looks at Dan with a stern face.
	"The "Ryu" is! It is the god of the clouds! One of the twelve of 
the Zodiac! The Jaded Dragon you see here is not the thing of evil 
itself! It's what is inside of it!"
	"So I see." Says Dan with a grumble. "An evil genie in a bottle 
then?"
	"Something like that." Replies Makoto quickly.
     ".'So then, St.Patrick confined the huge dragon into a countryside 
lake until Judgement Day. The only trouble is nobody really knows which 
lake he's in today'." Dan softy quotes in English of some Irish 
folklore to add some spice at tonight's confound.
	"Nani*?" asked Makoto about Dan's words. (*What?)  
	"Nothing. So then, can you tell me who those girls are?" asked 
Dan. "I find it quite interesting to see them here!"
	"I guess they are the "buyers" that we were told about earlier." 
Said Makoto. "However, they don't seem it fit the picture as the kind 
of people who buy "black-market" goods." 
	"I never assume anything so easily, however, this time I do agree 
because the one with "long dark hair" appears to be giving that strange 
looking complexion guy medical aid of some kind!" said Dan. "Who is 
that anyway?" 
	 	                     *********
	Kiyone for some reason is so amazed by this "Dragon" she draws 
herself closer to it without giving a second thought.
	"What is it?" she asked with curiosity.
	"The very thing that I was brought here to this planet in the 
first place." Said Ka-Tar as he loomed over the statue. "This is the 
tomb or should I say "prison" for a powerful spirit that has long been 
denied it's rights as a peoples ruler!"
	"What are you talking about?" said Kiyone with satire. 
	Mihoshi is too as well drawn to the dragon because of it's smooth 
surface. So much in fact, that she makes "funny" faces at her distorted 
image from her reflections.
	Ka-Tar looms over to behind Kiyone and puts his pale hands on her 
shoulders.
	"Kiyone, "She" has been waiting a long time for you." Said Ka-Tar 
whispering softy in her ear. "It's been a long time that someone from 
your homeworld especially a female has been this close to her "cell"!"
	Kiyone to say the least was confused about what was going on here 
and the way this fellow officer was behaving right now. She did her 
best to be professional. She shrugs him off.
	"Your acting out of line, Ka-Tar!" demanded Kiyone. "What is with 
you anyway? This is not like you at all!"
	Kiyone finally notices Mihoshi's playing.
	"Mihoshi!" says Kiyone in her "own" tongue and raised voice. 
"Quit doing that!"
	Mihoshi jumps up with great surprise at Kiyone.
	"Sorry Kiyone!" she says quickly back.
	Without any warning the air around Kiyone seems to grow thicker 
with a stale smell to it. Before she could say anything about it, she 
first hears a sound like a high-pitched tone. Then a voice that 
belonging to a woman appears to surround her just like the thick air 
itself!
	"Kiyone." Said the voice with a ghostly tone to it. "Long. So 
long have I waited for you. At last you have come!"
	Ka-Tar looks on with a grin to his face.
	The other man just stands fast and a little fear is on him as he 
sees what is before him.
	All this time Mihoshi does not hear or feel anything. She does 
however see her partner acting.strange!
	"Kiyone, are you alright?" she asked with a nervous tone in her 
voice.
	"Kiyone!" says the voice now stronger. "We are from the same 
world! Not by blood, but, we are 'Sisters'! You know me well! You want 
to be important in your life? Powerful perhaps? I will show you a 
"power" that you can wield to your liking. Just let me inside!"
	Kiyone moves until she is in front of the jaded dragon, which is 
now glowing with a "pulse" and draws closer to it almost to the point 
that she can touch it with her nose.
	"Kiyone?" asked Mihoshi as she moved a foot closer to Kiyone and 
the dragon. "Why is it doing that?"
	Just then, the dragon's green eyes glow bright white and a dark 
green smoke comes out of the snout and begins to go up right into 
Kiyone's nose!
	Mihoshi now blinded by the light moves closer to Kiyone!
	
	"No! yells Ka-Tar. "You must not disturb the transfer!"
	He reaches for Mihoshi, but the blond headed girl bumps Kiyone 
out of the way, and breaks the link between the dragon and Kiyone! The 
rest of the smoke goes back into the dragon quickly and, a small, yet 
high-pitched scream in heard though out the room! 
			      ***************
 	"What the hell was that?!" asked Dan with demand. "Man, my ears 
are hurting from that!"
	Makoto was just in awe at what they just saw.
                                        ************** 
	"Kiyone?" yelled Mihoshi.
	"No. No." grumble Ka-Tar. "Was it enough?"
	Kiyone looks around and shakes her head as if she just woken up 
and didn't know where she was. She then looks at Mihoshi with a very 
"wild eyed" look to her face!
	"Yeep!" says Mihoshi softly and backs away from her partner.
	Ka-Tar with very much caution steps over to Kiyone to say 
something, but before he could do anything Kiyone turns around at him 
with surprising speed and looks around again.
	"Kiyone?" asked Mihoshi with a happy grin as if she was trying to 
be cute. "Are you having a nervous break down again?"
	Kiyone does not answer Mihoshi instead, Kiyone looks at Ka-Tar 
once more with a sharper glance this time! Then to everyone's surprise 
she leaps at Mihoshi grabs her by the waste and throws the blonde woman 
on her shoulder and starts running at top speed for the large window 
and smashes right through it!
	"Double 'Yeep'!" screams Mihoshi in mid-air.
	Kiyone lands on the street as perfectly as a professional 
gymnastic as glass shards land all round her and Mihoshi. By amazement 
none of the glass even touches them! Kiyone then takes right off down 
the street back the way they came earlier!
	There are some screams and panic as people got out of the way of 
the flying glass!
			           **********
	Matoko and Dan are to say the least speechless at this chain of 
events that just happen. In a heartbeat Dan broke the silence.
	"Hot Damn! That was sure." 
	".different!" added Matoko which he said in English this time.
	"Do you think she is a.?" Dan began to ask Matoko who cuts him 
off.
	"I don't know! He says with a raised voice. "Damn!"
	Dan looks up to see Ka-Tar and his cohort looking straight at 
them with no great surprise to there faces.
	"I'll get the dragon you get those girls! GO!" orders Matoko as 
he runs out the door.
	Dan knows there is no time to argue about this and follows behind 
Matoko out the door! 
	The two men split up in the alleyway. Dan runs in the other 
direction knowing it is a short cut to the main street.
			     **************
	Matoko runs out the alleyway, cross the street with fantastic 
speed, up the stair well that lead to the same room that he and Dan 
were watching. Just in time to find Ka-Tar and the large man leaving 
with the Jaded Dragon.
	Matoko blocks the elevator doors.
	"You are not leaving with that!" shouts Makoto as he points to 
the dragon in Ka-Tar's hands.
	"What? No;" Your under arrest", bull-shit?" says Ka-Tar in 
Japanese with a smirk. 
	"I should have killed you back in Kobe! You pup!" yells the large 
man behind Ka-Tar.
	Matoko actually growls at the man like an animal of somekind!
	This makes Ka-Tar's eyes grow wide.
	"So. Another one. Says Ka-Tar calmly and with a sigh as he shakes 
his head side to side. "I knew one of you were across the street, but, 
no matter."
	Ka-Tar holds up the Jaded Dragon, which in turn fires a ball of 
energy at Matoko who tries to duck, but it's too fast and hits him in 
the chest dead on! The blast blows him back into the elevator doors!
 	Then the dragon fires again! This time smaller "bolts" shaped 
like "C's" and just like metal stapes to paper "pins" Matoko to the 
steel doors!
	Matoko lets out a deep roar in anger this time at the two men!
	"Oh, shut up!" grumbles Ka-Tar. "They can't here you down stairs 
with that "music"! Ha!" 
	He then turns to the large man.
	"Come we go! We use stairs! She will come to us in time!"
	Ka-Tar and the man take off leaving Matoko struggling to get 
free!
	"Come back here!" he yells to them.
				****************
	Meanwhile Dan is in hot pursuit of Kiyone with Mihoshi still on 
her shoulder as they run down the street running toward the train 
station.
	Dan too is running with great speed only because Kiyone is doing 
the same thing! Both of them at least doing 35 M.P.H.!
	"Say Kiyone?" asked Mihoshi. "I knew you were fast, but.Wow, slow 
down! You're going to get us a speeding ticket!"
	"Is she one of us?!" says Dan between breaths. " If so, why 
couldn't I tell earlier? Unless."
	Kiyone hears Dan's voice and notices that the bridge way for the 
J.R. train is next to her! Without giving a second thought she leaps 
high into the air (along with Mihoshi) and lands again perfectly onto 
the train tracks!
	"No, you don't!" yells Dan as he does the same and lands on his 
feet then hands after that he takes off!
	Now the three of them were on the tracks!
	Running on tracks can be tricky at times as Kiyone  soon notices. 
Dan soon quickly catches up to the two women. Mihoshi pushes back 
her hair to face Dan just two feet from them.
Mihoshi smiles to Dan.
"Hi!" she says. "Are you out for a nightly jog too?"
"Huh?" asks Dan with great puzzlement. "Stop! Both of you! We 
need to talk now!" 
Just then without any warning a train on the opposite set of 
tracks roars by! The wind made by it knocks both Kiyone and Dan off 
their balance for a second! Kiyone takes advantage of this and within a 
spin-kick move, turns to give Dan a great strike in the ribs! So hard, 
in fact, that it knocks him into the air, over the same train that just 
finished passing them a second ago right into the tracks that the train 
was on!
	Instantly after Dan hits the tracks, he realizes about the 
on coming train and leaps straight into the air with just a second to 
spare at getting run over!
	On the way down he grab's a power pole, swings to another 
one, slides half way down, leaps off and lands on the same street where 
he began to chase the two women.
	Dan now catches his breath and counts his luck at how that 
was a narrow escape! Then something else enters his mind as he looks 
around.  
	"Ahh,Shit!" he yells outloud. "Now I've lost them!" 
Without warning it begins to rain hard.  
 " Perfect. The "scent" is going cold now!" he adds with disgust. 
"Thank you 'rainy season!'"
Just at that same moment, another train passes Dan. This time on 
the side where he and those two girls ran on. As Dan gazes up at the 
train passing by. He sees Kiyone and Mihoshi looking down at him. 
Mihoshi waves at him. Kiyone  just "flicks" him off! 
	Dan gives a "hard look" back at the two especially to 
Kiyone as they ride away into the night.
	"Oh, don't you worry little lady!" says Dan in English in a 
low growl relating to Kiyone. "We will meet again! After all this maybe 
the "main island", but it is still small to me!"
	It's rare that Dan lets his guard down at all however, 
tonight Kiyone got to him! Too bad too because as he just beings to 
turn around to head back to China Town to see on Makoto when without 
warning he comes face to face to a set of bright lights and between 
them was the word.FUSO!** SMACK!!!
			          *****
	
On the train.
         "Gee, I wonder who that was?" asked Mihoshi as she sat down 
next to Kiyone.
Kiyone does not say anything at all. For a few minutes, she 
just sits with her eyes closed. Amazing enough she is breathing 
very well especially after a run like that. Then she opens her 
eyes and turns to Mihoshi with a smile of satisfaction.
"How about we go back home to get some rest? She says 
finally with coolness. "We have a busy time ahead!"
"Sure." Said Mihoshi uneasily. "What about Ka-Tar?"
"He will be fine I'm sure." Said Kiyone smoothly. "Now we 
must rest."
"What.Whatever you say, Kiyone." Mihoshi again says 
uneasily.
"'Whatever I say'" replied Kiyone with a light laugh. "You 
don't know how true that is going to be. Soon. Very soon."
		      **********
                 Epilogue 
Same night a few hours later in downtown Yokohama, right 
outside the main train station. 
The last train left a couple of hours ago and the 
place was closed for the night. Very few people were around 
at this time. Some of these people where the homeless as 
they came by to find food or a place to sleep. 
One of which was called; "The Lady in Red". She was 
an old woman with wrinkled skin, tired eyes and "wild" hair 
that was a mix of black and gray.  She wore worn out 
clothes such as a pair of military boots, red paints, and a 
dirty white cotton shirt. There was one thing that made 
people glance at her more than just than the "average" 
second was that she wore a long deep red cloak that always 
appeared to be brand new and always clean. She would walk 
around all day talking to herself and asking for anything 
to smoke. 
She had just lit off a cigarette. Took a seat next to a 
life-like bronze statue of a person dressed in a cowl near the 
main entrance of the train station. She then turns to a noise and 
sees a motorcycle come down the street and stop just a few feet 
away her.
	The rider shuts it down gets off and takes off his helmet. 
It is Dan. He appears to her a little banged up after he got 
"Smacked"** from a big truck. He walks over to her and sits on 
the other side of the statue.
	She takes a drag of the American-made cigarette then speaks 
to him while never turning to him.
	"I heard what happen, so don't start." She says in Japanese 
with a bitter tone.
	Dan is quite and motionless as she goes on.
	"Makoto is in just as bad shape as you are and the "Dragon" 
is still out there." Who were those two girls?"
	After a few seconds of silence Dan finally spoke to her in 
her native tongue, however, he too never turned around to her.
"First off, I want a little more respect when I'm spoken too. I'm 
older than you. Your bother asked me to join the "Pack" to help 
with us "Outsiders"." Said Dan with a firm tone. "Now both Makoto 
and I have had a rough night and I'm a little upset at him right 
now for acting without thinking. Frankly, I'm a little surprised 
at that too. Him being a policeman and all."
	"His behavior just shows how desperate we are at getting 
the Dragon back." Says the old woman.
	"We'll get it back it is only a matter of time." Says Dan. 
"What I'M wondering about is that one woman with the "long dark 
hair". What is her connection with that light show we saw in that 
room?"
	"Makoto told me you two did not see a thing within the 
light itself, yes?" asked the old woman.
	"Correct." Replied Dan. "The way she acting after that was 
"wild" to say the least!" Did this "thing" escape at all?"
	"If your wondering about the "oni". I don't know if it has 
escaped or not."
The old woman goes into one of her "bags" and pulls out a 
very strange looking prism and holds it up to Dan. "It's not 
glowing the way it's suppose too if this "new" evil has escape at 
all." said the old woman with concern. "At least that what's the 
scroll says."
"You nor anybody else has ever seen that "rock" work!" says 
Dan with a sharp tone. "How do you know it does in the first 
place?"
"Your right at the first one, but, it's all we have! Says 
the old woman. "That girl! Do you think she is one of your kind? 
The rare ones? If so, only you can find her because she can hide 
from us. She must be found! She could be just an "innocent" in 
all of this and not know the better!"
	"You are so new at your job. Still on probation." says Dan 
reminding her with a light growl. "The 'Alpha' of the "Pack"!"
	" Yes, I only took this position a few months ago from my 
brother." she replied. "True, I'm still learning. However, I'm 
the 'Alpha' now! Understand?"
	" Yes! I'll find her." Said Dan with a firm tone. "If not, 
maybe the 'others' will. Now you should get back home now young 
lady. You have college classes in the morning and one more 
thing."
	Dan walks up to her and takes the cigarette out of the old 
woman's mouth and flings it away. 
     "Smoking is very bad for you!"
	The woman laughs at Dan's action and watches him get on his 
bike. 
	"And where are you going?" she asks.
	"To get some sleep. I need to heal up" he replies as puts 
on his helmet. "I'll start my hunt for her at work!" 

		"Wait! Maybe this will help you!" says the old woman as she 
goes into one of her larger bags and pulls out Kiyone's backpack! She 
throws it to Dan in which he catches it in mid-air.
	"Makoto picked up this back-pack after he got freed!" says the 
old woman with a graceful smile. "The woman's I.D. is inside the bag. 
and more. Her name is "Kiyone Makabi"!"
	"'Kiyone', huh?" replied Dan with a grin back. "Alright, this is 
a start."*
	
          By: C.D.Powers  

                            *********
                           End Part One
		        Next Part Two: "Predator and Prey"


Disclaimer: Pioneer LDC and AIC have the copyrights of the characters 
of the Tenchi Universe. All rights are reserved. 
	Harley and Davidson own "XLH Sportster 883 Hugger" motorcycle 
name. All rights reserved.
	"Fuso Trucks" is own by Mitsubishi motors. All rights are 
reserved.
My story along with my characters are copyrighted 2001. This 
story is of course fiction. Anything or one that by remote change real 
is pure coincidence. All rights are reserved.
     No profit is made by this work. Only as entertainment!   
     (You know like sitting around a bon fire telling stores for fun.) 

      *Finished on the night of the worst snowstorm in Yokosuka, Japan 
in three years! Jan.27, 2001.




 










 
		

 
	
   
   










	 
































































	  

 
	
 
	 
		
	   
 
	 
	    
	    
	

	 
















































