                           No Need for Changes: V 
                      The Wolf, The Sorceress, The Alien.
	
         "Won't you please, please tell me who I'am?"  'The Logical Song'                                                                                          
           by SUPERTRAMP                                                    
                                                                   
***********
	Summer 2000 

	"How did this happened?!" demanded the Galaxy Police officer named 
Mihoshi Kuramitsu to Dan McGuire who was looking up a tunnel that lead to a 
manhole on the surface above.
"Say that again?" he question, as he never even turned around to face 
Mihoshi.  "I wasn't paying attention at what you were saying earlier."
"I was asking you; 'How did this happen?' To yourselves I mean!" 
Mihoshi went on now in protest.  "How did you 'Weres' get like this, 'Red 
Wolf'?!"  
Dan let's out a sigh as he continued to look up.
"Please, call me 'Dan'. And it's not that easily to explain about us 
all." says Dan in the voice he has when in his full werewolf-form. In which 
you hear a deep and rough voice that could belong to a human. However, there 
were some 'grunt' noises that were heard beneath the human voice from time to 
time that sounded like they belonged to a wolf alone!
"In brief: some of us 'Weres' are called, 'Magical types'! That's 
because they are either cursed or in some cases 'gifted' to become these 
'beasts' by a kind of magic. And there's my kind, the 'Physical type' as we 
call ourselves. In which we can become our 'other' selves at will. Without 
the aid in magical, outside power sources or the strange psychic effect of 
the moon that plagues some of the 'Magic Types' to change against their 
wills! Some magic users such as, witches, vampires, or wizards tend to fear 
us 'physicals' because we are difficult to control. We may have the bodies of 
a mighty beast and all the power that comes with it, but we keep the mind of 
a human being! A very deadly combo I may add!" 
 "In most cases it is a 'special gift' to the offspring by the parents 
or in my case a blood transfusion!"
"A what?" asked Mihoshi as her pointed ears 'pricked up'!  Dan took 
notice of that and found it intriguing.
"A little over ten years ago I was attending college in Vermont as a 
major in 'forestry'." said Dan as he continued looking up the tunnel as if he 
is searching for something. "I was working up North deep in the mountains. 
Then one winter while hiking to work on a trail, somebody shot me, right in 
the freaken' gut! I never knew who it was and why, but, that was the lease of 
my problems at that moment because the nearest town was miles away and my 
'pick-up' truck was on the other side of the forest. I knew I was going to 
die if I didn't get help soon!  I must have blacked out cause the next thing 
I knew was old Indian and his grandson where looking down at me in their 
cabin.  The old man was attending to my wound while his grandson was giving 
me his blood by via blood transfusion."
Dan was quiet for a second.
"I'm no doctor and I still don't want to sound ungrateful because I'm 
not, but, I knew that it was dangerous at what they where doing.  Found out 
later that my type was different from his own! Mixing ones blood type with 
another could be deadly! 
"Well, it was good for you, right?" asked Mihoshi with a light smile. 
"Your alive now, right?"
"That depends at how you look at it!" replied Dan. Then he held up a 
paw-like hand. "Hold that thought, please."
He holds out his hands and catches several cans that fell from above 
him.
"Is that all?" yells a strange sounding voice above. A sound that could 
belong to a big cat!
"Yeah!" yells Dan up the tunnel. "Now get your furry ass back down in 
here before someone sees you, you crazy cat-man!" It's almost daylight!"
"'Neeyowl'!" wails the voice. "Bitch and moan, bitch and moan! You just 
hold on to my coffee, dude!"
"Don't sweat it, man!" replies Dan as he turns around to face Mihoshi 
and hands her a metal can. She switches hands back and forth quickly because 
the can is very hot.
Dan opens his can with an end of a claw that held the hot liquid and 
takes a sip. Even now with a wolf's muzzle for a mouth, he has learned how to 
drink as normal as any man could.
"Ahhh!" he says with satisfaction and a toothy grin with it. "You know 
you're in Japan when you're drinking hot coffee from a can!" <Belch! >
"I actually prefer cream-style 'coffee-jelly'*." says Mihoshi.  (* Not 
bad stuff ether.)
"You'd make an interesting advertisement photo to put on those vending 
machines on the streets, Dan!" says a good-looking, lean, yet well muscular 
naked man as he lands in front of Dan from the tunnel's entrance above him. 
Mihoshi can't help herself at feeling 'wet' while looking him over.
"I could see it now!  You posed all mean and looking, yet with that 
friendly toothy smile of yours. Holding that can of coffee in one hand and 
making a welcoming gesture with the other one saying: 'You must drink this 
coffee if you need to be the beast all that you need to be in daily life!' It 
would be perfect in the business section in down town Tokyo, don't you 
think?"
"Why did you change back, Misaki?" says Dan with a grumble, as he shows 
that he does not appreciate having the naked man before him.	
"Hey!" protested Misaki while opening his can of coffee. "That tunnel 
is dirty, man! You try cleaning your fur with your own tongue sometime! At 
least skin is washable by water! Now excuse me, I'm taking a shower!"
As Misaki walks by Mihoshi, he gives her a wink with his right eye.
"Your cute." he says as he goes on by her. Then turns around. "A 'hot' 
shower too!"
"Ah, ah!" says Mihoshi with a noise bleed as she quickly looks down, 
embarrassed and tries to get back on the subject.  "Where does he bathe? I 
mean, where were we?"
Dan had turned around and Mihoshi can hear him lightly talk within a 
low chuckle.
"So much for that 'theory' about us foreigners being 'dry'!" 
"Excuse me!" says Mihoshi trying to sound serious while wiping her 
nose. 
	"Ah, yes." Dan says quickly as he turns back to her. "Sorry!"
	"So about your blood?" she asked with a firm tone through her teeth.
	"Ah, soon after we finished the transfusion I changed into this huge 
red-wolf right before them!" explained Dan pointing to himself.
               The teen-ager then himself transformed into a werewolf!" 
	Mihoshi just leaned against the cool stonewall and listened to the 
American werewolf continue. She recalled about how Kiyone looked after she 
became a werewolf just a few nights ago.  (See Part 2.)
	"Even the old man became a werewolf too. My mind was on fire, out of 
fright, I just took off right through the cabin door! It took most of the 
night for them to catch me! They dragged me back and after I returned back to 
a man they apologize for this happening to me then explained at what happed 
and in time showed me how at being the 'Master' to the beast! It wasn't long 
that this 'curse' became a great gift when used right!" 
	"How?" questioned Mihoshi.
	"During my time still at college, every chance I had I learned with the 
old man and his grandson at how I could use much of my 'wolf side' to my 
advantage! For example, using senses and agility while still in my full human 
form! Except my eyes, if I want to see in the dark or something like a wolf 
can, I have to switch them back to wolf-form. Another cool thing for me along 
with the other 'Physicals' is that were not hindered at being 'color-blind' 
like most of the Weres' that are empowered by magic for some strange reason."
 "This 'power' became a handy thing from time to time as life went on. 
After I graduated from college I joined the Navy to help pay off some college 
loans and keeping a promise to my father!"
"I take it it's just like joining the Galaxy Police Force! It's a big 
switch in society life!" exclaimed Mihoshi.
"Tell me about it! Though, I will take your word about the 'Galaxy 
Police' itself!" replied Dan. "Anyway, again, my 'compromise' came in handy. 
I was able to use it to help me join the 'Special Forces' and I was very good 
at what the 'Ops.' asked for! Especially in tracking the 'enemy' in difficult 
environments, stealth, endurance and with the right weapon in hand acute 
accuracy."
	"However, my luck ran out. I got shot in the leg by a sniper right in 
front of my teammates on a mission!"
	"So." replied Mihoshi. "You could've changed and healed yourself later, 
right?"
	"Yeah. I could've 'changed' into my full wolf form then right back into 
a human again to heal up, but how to I explain it to my other buddies. They 
never saw me as a werewolf! I still have to walk around with a limp once in 
while even though now my leg is fine. In the end, I was force to retire and a 
former SEAL who works over here in Japan needed another man for the 
'N.C.I.S.' that he could trust. So I got the job."
"And these other guys?" asked Mihoshi. "These Weres' have to be the 
most civilized bunch I have ever seen! I just saw one eating his breakfast 
with a pair of chopsticks! "
	"Well, from my understanding from Makoto, the werewolves that are 
natives to Japan use a form of 'Chi' to help control themselves and it works 
just as it did over a hundred years ago! Thanks to the help of a young Shinto 
monk! Close and during every full moon most of these people meet either in 
human or wolf form and meditate to keep 'the beast' under their control. 
Today they have the help of the magic from the sorceress 'Shigeko' Her family 
has been helping them for years!"
 "In fact many of us outsiders come here to Japan to learn this type of 
skill from them. To be the one in control! I don't need much because I'm in 
pretty good control of my own will power, but, it's good to have a lesson 
from time to time!"  
"In reality, these Japanese that become werewolves. Werewolves were 
never always here, were they?" asked Mihoshi carefully.
"Hell no." Dan quickly replied. "These 'cases' did not appear until 
sometime after 1854 when Commodore Perry left Japan. So, there might have 
been a crewmember 
on his ship who was indeed was a werewolf! I sure would like to know why the 
moon didn't get to him. If he was indeed magical like these ones are today! 
That was a long trip from America! However, that has never been proven to be 
true because the Protegee came here long before us Americans did again. 
However, none of the werewolves' clans from that part of the world clam to 
know anything about a 'rouge wolf' that came here. Therefore, it's a 
mystery!"
	"One more question for now, please?" asked Mihoshi. "On the first night 
that I met you and 'Tsunanori' after Kiyone changed into supposedly into a 
'werewolf' herself, I heard Tsunanori shouting about Kiyone breaking their 
'code'! What did he mean by that?"
	"Ah, yeah!" exclaimed Dan. "I was getting to that later! The 'Code' is 
a set of rules that each one of us Weres' that live here in Japan must go by! 
For example, No unneeded changing is allowed except at certain areas in the 
cities! No attacking people out of sake of 'blood lust' and that one which 
can be a real challenge at times for some of us; no howling is allowed at all 
unless for emergency aid!"
	"So, when Kiyone broke that rule by her 'howling' she made that night 
it alerted you guys as a potential law breaker in the area and a threat to 
your 'Pack'?" 
	"Something like that." says Dan. "You see, a few of us within the Pack 
are it's 'law enforcers' at keeping the 'Code' enforced at all possible! My 
pacific job is to take care of the 'foreigner wolves' (mostly North 
Americans) that come to Japan in this area, which covers Yokosuka, Yokohama 
and some parts of Tokyo! To make the ones that come in peace welcomed and to 
take care of the ones that come here to cause trouble! "Remember: Wolfs by 
nature are very strict in territories. No different to us Weres' who 'share' 
this form from our cousins."
Just then the ground beneath their feet shake lightly and a few lose 
rocks fall from the ceiling and walls and on to the floor. The 'shaking' goes 
on for a couple of seconds before it fades away.
Mihoshi takes another sip of her coffee and does not say a thing.
"Earthquake." says Dan with coolness as he looks around. "I guess."
"Yeah, aren't they a pain?" asks Mihoshi with a smile. "You think they 
could just get this inland calibrated right!"
"You seen 'Weres'' before?" asked Dan going back on the subject as he 
scratched under his chin still pondering at how Mihoshi knew about the 
'healing factor'. "Where?"
	"On one of my favorite soap operas!" exclaimed Mihoshi.
	"Ah, man!" moaned Dan with disgust. "I can't stand it."
	"Oh wow, you should have seen it how the young wife saved her husband 
and."  
	Mihoshi when right on talking and Dan tried to 'tune her out' until he 
pricked his ears up to lock on the sound of a pair of human footsteps coming 
behind him!
 He turns to see the Japanese policeman named 'Makoto' running toward 
him with another werewolf still in his 'humanoid form' behind him and acting 
strange for one.
	"What's up Makoto?" asks Dan as he could see that Makoto was deeply 
troubled.
	"That 'rumble'!" Makoto exclaimed. "Did you not feel it?! It came from 
Shigeko's chamber! We think she's fighting Kiyone!"
	"Shit!" grumbles Dan outloud walks over to an intercom box on the wall 
and turns it on!
	"'Kuma' come in!" orders Dan into the box's microphone. "Kuma!"
	Dan presses few buttons until he gets Shigeko's chamber. However, he 
only gets static from the other end.
	"Come on!" Dan's shouts as he others run down a tunnel that comes to 
the entrance to Shigeko's chamber.  The huge were-bear known as 'Kuma' along 
with a few other 'Weres' are desperately trying to get the huge steel door 
open to see on their sorceress or as some would call her their 'Alpha'!"
	Dan could see Kuma was using a great deal of his strength of trying to 
open the door, but it would not budge! This surprised the American a little. 
Why? Because this is the same guy that picked up a huge forklift just last 
week to help a child get his ballcap back at a bashio!
	"What's going on?!" orders Dan to Kuma.
	"There was some fighting, then a huge explosion!" groans the huge brown 
werebear through his sharp teeth as he pulls on the heavy door. "The door has 
now become stuck and it's hot!"
	 Then from the intercom box that was next from the door a familiar 
voice is heard.
	"Kuma!" says the voice belonging to a young woman. "Kuma please stop!"
	Even with all the noise that is made by the other Weres' talking among 
each other. They too stopped at the sound of the sorceress voice in respect.
	"Shigeko!" says Kuma with fear in his throat. "Are you all right?"
	"Please step away from the door! I will open it!"
	The lock on the door disengages and swings gently open halfway by 
itself.
	Kuma opens the door the rest of the way quickly and the huge werebear 
runs in and disappears into the gray-blue smoke!
	"All of you stay there!" he orders back.
	A short time later Kuma steps outside the chamber calmly and with 
dignity on his furry face, then looks at Dan then Mihoshi.
	"She is alright! Akai Okami*, (Red Wolf*) she wishes to see you first." 
said Kuma in a fine and calm tone. He then turns to Mihoshi. "Then you, Miss 
Mihoshi."
	Dan firms himself up and beings to walk to the entranceway of the door 
when Kuma stops him by placing a huge paw in front of him. 
	"Be nice with her, Akai Okami." orders Kuma in a respectful way. 
"Please? She is not happy right now."
	"Sure." says Dan with his calm toothy smile. 
	
	
                                                                                       
******
	Tokyo Tower stands at 333 meters in height.  It's still one of the tallest 
man-made structures in Japan today.  About forty-two years old now yet, stands 
tall over the city of Tokyo itself as a proud symbol just as it did back in 1958 
when work was finally completed in it's making.  Painted in aircraft warning 
colors 'red and white', some of it made by the metal from Japanese Army tanks 
left over from World War II.  Its main purpose at first was to be used as an 
antenna to transmit and receive communications for TV, radio and short wave. All 
that is still true to this day, but now it also helps with digital communications 
such as cell-phones and computer 'web link' network systems.
	If you had just one day to see the city of Tokyo as much as you could and 
you were pressed for time. You could go to the main observation deck and see a 
360-degree view of the city itself and the region called Kanto. Bring your camera 
because on a good clear day it's great!
	At nighttime, it takes your breath away as you look upon the bright neon 
city below, however, this time there is something a little different about the 
tower tonight.  
It's not very easy to spot unless you knew where to look at. Because 
standing on the red warning beacon at the very top on the tower itself was the 
Galaxy Police Officer known as Kiyone Makbai!
The young terrestrial woman's bare feet griped around the large red glass 
ball that makes up the beacon itself as if was no problem for her at doing so to 
keeping her balance right. Although to a well trained acrobatic this would be a 
great change at doing so at not falling down to Earth below. She keeps her arms 
relaxed in a crisscross matter in front of her chest because the outfit that she 
is now wearing is a pair of blue coveralls that were damaged from her last 
'transformation'. In which her body grew in size and a pair of 'evil looking' 
wings came out of her back. 
She now tightens her arms closer to her chest as a strong breeze came by 
for which a hole was made in the cloth near her right breast, which was being 
exposed from time to time by the blowing wind.  The wings are gone now with just 
two holes remaining in the back of the coveralls where the wings once were. She 
has almost returned to her right size, except she could just tell she was still a 
little taller than she was supposed to be at. One indication was her hand band was 
tighter than normal *. (*She along with other members of her clan has them custom-
made back at home for a proper fit.)  
    	 In addition, she did not like this, but right now that is the least of her 
problems.  She kept her eyes closed and head down as if she was in great shame 
and in her own right she is because if anyone from her own planet found out about 
what has happen to her they would disown her as one of their kind to protect 
themselves.  Even own her family would have trouble at sparing her. 
She would open her eyes once in awhile to look down at the Zojoji Temple 
that was 
near the base of Tower itself.  The bright lights that shown on the tower at night 
turned off a short time ago so she could see the Temple' grounds clearly now.
A light smile comes to her as she thinks about how she killed the demon known as 
'Kane' with that powerful cannon not too long ago. How she saved Tenchi's family 
and avenged her fellow police that had fallen to the demon's hand.
"'Brother to brother! Sister to Sister! Brother to Sister!'" she thinks 
about part of the 'Pledge' that she had learned about back as a cadet at the 
Academy. 'We stand all together as one or fall apart and be none!'"
Kane was dead. Now she wished she could find a way to kill the one that was 
inside of her!
No sooner than thinking about that she found herself holding her arms fully 
outward next to her as if she was praying to one of her Gods from her home-world. 
However, she knew right away, who was responsible at doing this.
"'U'?" questioned Kiyone outloud as if she was talking to someone. 
"Yes, Kiyone?" said another voice from Kiyone's mouth.
"What are you doing?" she asked referring about her arms right now.
"Feeling the wind." 'U' responded with an honest tone in her voice. "It 
feels wonderful! Just to feel it again! To taste the air again even though the air 
in this city is quite dirty from our own planet!"
Kiyone does not make a reply.
 		"Do you have any idea how it feels to be cut off from most of your senses? 
To live in a void where everything around you most of the time and is made up of 
nothing? And have it go on for years and years, yet you can't tell what 'time' it 
in most cases?"
"No." Kiyone said honestly. 
"It's one that I would not ask anyone to go through." says  'U'.
Kiyone is surprised to hear at what 'U' is saying.
"Why me?" asked Kiyone. "Of all the people on this planet, why me?"
"Kiyone!" says 'U' with a surprised tone of voice. "Don't you remember 
anything from the first night we 'bonded' our souls together?"
Kiyone tries to recall the memory, but she can't find it at all.
'U' takes Kiyone's silence as "No" for an answer.
"I must bond with someone from our own planet!" explained 'U'. "I tried to 
'bond' with a female human from this world a long time ago. Only I ended up 
destroying her! Her body and mind just rejected me!"
"There must have been another one. Our.I mean my people have come to this 
planet before I ever did!"
"Well, there was one. Once about twenty years ago I spotted while I was 
still in 'Hong Kong', however, he was a male!"
"O.k." said Kiyone as she was using her police detective skills at probing 
some information out of her 'guest'. "So, why?"
" You and I maybe different species from the same planet." explained 'U' as 
she was animating with Kiyone's hands. However, I prefer someone my own sex! 
Unless you like to 'feel' like this!"
Within couple seconds Kiyone 'feels' that tingle that she gets when she 
turns into something else. When the tingle stops she looks over herself quickly. 
She can't see that she turned into another huge beast this time, but she sure 
felt different! To best sum it up at what just happen to her, if Kiyone had a 
twin brother that is what she just turned into! A male version of herself!
"What?!" she cried out in a voice which would belong to a man. She quickly 
covers her. umm, I mean HIS month.  "Was that me?!" 
"You see what I mean?" says 'U' bluntly still talking in a female voice 
through Kiyone's body. "It's too weird!"
Kiyone touches a check that has a five o'clock shadow to it. He then opens 
his coveralls and looks in. No breasts anymore, but one teal-color hairy chest 
now! Her hair was even as short as a guy!
"Ew! Ewwww!" protested Kiyone covering his chest up tightly.  "Change me 
back! NOW!"
"Now?" says 'U' in a joking matter. "Don't you wish to be the stronger sex? 
You have 'balls' now if you didn't before! HA! HA! HA!"
"As I heard an American girl say once; 'I'm woman and I'm proud of it!'" 
yells Kiyone. "Please! Dozo!"
"Alright, alright!" says 'U' with a few giggles. "I was just having some 
fun!"
Just as quickly she changed the first time Kiyone was back to her correct 
gender.  
As she checked herself out and then swung her head left and right to see 
that her long hair has indeed returned, 'U' spoke up again!
"So, that there are no hard feels I'll even give you an enlargement!"
"No! No more height!" protested Kiyone making a fist in her left hand. "You 
made me tall enough!"
"Who said anything about 'height'?" questioned 'U'.
Instantly Kiyone knew what 'U' was getting at! Before she could say or do 
anything her bust size doubles! Thus, causing her to loose her balance for a 
little bit as she gets 'top heavy'!  
"That's enough!" orders Kiyone as she regains her balance again. "No more! 
I demand it!"
"If you wish." replied 'U'. "But, you want later I can make you."
"I said ENOUGH!" shouts Kiyone at the top of her lungs at interrupting 'U'! 
"What's wrong with you?! Oh, you're definitely the demon like the story goes back 
home!"
"Don't call me that!" says 'U' with upset voice. "It's a lie!"
"Oh yeah?!" protested Kiyone. "How's that one line in the story go again?"
"Look I'll change you back!" pleaded 'U'  " Please, Just don't say it!"
Kiyone's bust returns to normal. However, she presses on.
"'Once she gets a hold of your soul, you are her puppet, ever so bold!'" 
says Kiyone reciting from the story.  "It's true, isn't it?"
"STOP IT!!!" says a very upset 'U'. She then used Kiyone's own body to show 
her own emotions towards the policewoman's words!  
Kiyone finds herself bent over with her hands on her knees, a face full of 
grief, and crying with tears as they blow away in the wind.  These were not her 
own feelings, but, 'U's!
 "Just stop it! I'm not a demon!  I'm not a monster!" protested 'U'. " I 
was once a living physical person once! Just like you, "" 
"So, then you're a ghost of somekind?" says Kiyone with demand as she found 
herself pointing to her own face.  
"I'am more than just a simple 'ghost'!" protested 'U' as she makes Kiyone's 
body put her hands on her hips. "I'm the living spirit of all that was left of my 
people that your lowly kind obliterated all those years ago! You were the younger 
species!  All just simple beasts, yet very smart! We tried to help your kind 
reach the level of humanity that would have taken generations of breeding to do! 
And we were successful at doing so!"
"You made us your slaves!" argued Kiyone.  "If what you're saying about 
making us 'better' is true. It's because we were doing complex work for you! 
Making great cities floating on the seas and such!  At least that what history 
says!"
"Quiet, you ungrateful bitch!" protested 'U'. "By what's right, your people 
should not even be on this world now! You should be right where these Earth 
humans are now! Still stuck on your planet and 'raping' it to death of its 
recourses!"
Even as a child, Kiyone often wonder why her people had become such a 
'space-faring' race so soon. Growing up she learned about her people and other 
planets including Earth, which was forbidding go to at the time. 
However, when she went to the Acamdy and learns more about other types of 
races she soon discovered that the humans of Earth were not that much younger 
than her own kind!  There has be some great debates by the, elder and yet wiser 
races of beings that her people maybe 'cousins' to the people of Earth! However, 
her planet's leaders all denied, 'such talk'. She always wanted to learn more 
about this!
"Yet, in the end." 'U' went on. "Your people betrayed us and killed us all! 
In the final days at the last great battle in Enora* (one of the great cities on 
Kiyone's world.)  I volunteered to be a 'living embodiment' of our people's 
magic! I was just a simple priestess back then. They said; "the 'Power' would 
make me live forever I would never grow old and my mission would be to persevere 
of who we were and find a 'host' from your race bond with them to show them all 
at what we could as one race!"
"Was that your people's goal?" asked Kiyone. "To make your race and mine 
become one?"
"Yes!" 'U'. "We as a people from the same world would have been an 
unstoppable force in the galaxy!  Not even that pitiful race you called the 
Jairains could've stand up to us! I hope your species is satisfied at messing 
this up for us all!"
The last sentence 'U' made sounded familiar to Kiyone. It sounded like a 
pout of somekind belonging to someone physically younger than she was.
 	"I feel like I'm talking to a teen-ager here." thinks Kiyone to herself 
still thinking like a detective.  As she ponders still with her mind for a moment 
she sees into 'U' mind for the first time and she comes to a shocking discovery 
"Wait!" Kiyone cries out.  "You ARE a teen-ager!"
Kiyone then feels a 'force' strike her in the chest hard enough to knock 
the air out of her and make her fall backwards off the tower!
Kiyone screams for her life as she quickly plummets down the off the side 
of tower and heads toward the parking lot below! She closes her eyes and wishing 
she was not here! She got her wish!
At the last possible second her body pulls up from the fall and flies back 
up to the main observatory and lands on top of it softy as if she knew how to fly 
all her life! This time without the aid of any wings at all.
She turns around facing the Zojoji Temple and looks down on it. Her eyes 
have a silver-tint to them now.
"Sorry, Kiyone." says 'U' voice coming from Kiyone mouth. "But, I'm going 
to be in control for awhile!"
She then flies off the tower and lands in the middle of the Temple's 
grounds. 'U' starts to walk around and gives the appearance that she is in deep 
thought.  She soon comes upon a Torii at the end of the grounds, which has a 
'natural wood-look' to it. She then looks back at the Tower behind her.
"So, you killed another 'super powered' creature here once, huh?" says 'U' 
with a suspicious look in her eyes. "Well this 'Kane' is nothing to what I have 
access too or should I say 'we', Kiyone?  Kane was nothing!"
'U' lets out a strong laugh and flies off into the air just as the first 
light from the sun could just be seen from the mountains in the distance from the 
city.
"You're worth the wait after all and yes, you are right!" exclaims 'U'. "My 
real name is 'U-San-A!" 

                                                      ********

Dan McGuire walks around the smoky filled chamber room with caution. He can 
still smell the 'magic' in the air that was used from the fight between his 
'Alpha' leader which in this case was a sorceress named; 'Shigeko' to the woman 
that goes by the name of 'Kiyone'. (See the last chapter)
 He soon finds Shigeko sitting on her 'throne', which is made of the very 
stone that makes up the wall. Some of the werewolves of her Pack made it for her 
as a birthday gift. He can easily see that she is in deep thought with herself. 
Her eyes look up to the large, dark red werewolf as she hears him singing softly 
to himself.  
 	"'Oh, I'm being followed by a Moonshadow. Moonshadow, Moonshadow.'"*  
(*Cat Stevens, copyrighted.)
	 Shigeko just smile gently at what Dan was doing to cheer her up. She has 
always liked that old song. She once told Dan while he was still in his full 
werewolf form.  She holds her right hand out to him.
	Instantly Dan stops in his tracks and with a little hesitation at first 
he kneels on one leg and makes a bow as if he is standing before someone of 
royalty from Europe.
	Shigeko just sighs and rolls her eyes upward at his actions Knowing he 
was just being funny with her.
	"Would you please get up!" she says in English with a sharp, yet, polite 
tone. "You don't need to do that!"
	"I'm just showing my respects to you Sorceress or do you prefer to be 
called 'Alpha'?"
	"It doesn't matter." she says as she makes some hand gestures, which 
makes the wind come up from out of nowhere and blows away the rest of the smoke 
quickly from the chamber room. "Only when there are other 'Weres' around do you 
need to bow to me! However, I have to be honest. I do feel a little flattered 
when 'you' do it."
	Dan let's out a small chuckle as he stands up and changes the subject.
	"You wish to see me."
          "Chotomate*" says Shigeko in Japanese this time as she makes some 
'hand-gestures'.  (Wait a second.*)
	These type of 'gestures' make a 'calling' to several small balls of fire 
to come out of nowhere from above and circle round the sorceress at a great 
speed then slow until they just come to a stop and hover around the young 
woman.
	Dan's eyes grow wide as he instantly identifies these balls of fire as 
'Hitodama' or 'Spirit Lights"! They're just one of the very few things in his 
life that can actually send a cold chill up his spine!
	Shigeko pulls out a pack of cigarettes from within her red cloak. She can 
see Dan giving her that distain look again about her smoking habit and with his 
sharp wolf's eyes that 'glance' can be very uncomfortable to gaze back into at 
times. At this moment, however, it does not bother her at all, as she puts one 
of cigarettes into her mouth. She then beckons one of the 'Hitodama' to come 
down on to her left hand and as being gentle as to holding a fragile flower 
brings the fire ball up to her cigarette and lights with it.
	"Domo." she says as she sends it away. "You know what these 'things' are, 
Dan!"
	She then exhales some blue smoke between her teeth as she shows them.
	"They appeared shortly after 'U' left here with Kiyone's body!"
	She points up to the ceiling where there used to be a huge hole that was 
made by 'U's power, however, now sealed up with fresh cooled down molten rock 
thanks to Shigeko magic.
	"They bring a message this time: 'someone within our 'Pack' will die 
soon', but, they can't tell me who that person is!"
	Dan remains quite as he listens and this time does not show any emotions 
about the 'threat' to her 'Pack'! This upsets Shigeko a little because at times 
it is hard to figure at what he's thinking.
	"Damn that man's country at training its warriors!" says Shigeko to 
herself commenting Dan's background. "He's all opened up one moment the next he 
looks so cold some times. Like a machine!"
"'Family' is an important part to Japanese society." says Shigeko 
speaking to Dan again. "Just like yours back home. I know because I lived in 
the United States for awhile too, remember!"
"What are you getting at young lady?" asked Dan in a firm tone this time 
with a face that was showing a little frustration now. 
" I'm trying to say is, it's fate that this life will end! Yet, I know 
that even with all that I have been trained for, I must do something with all 
my powers to prevent this' death' from happening!" says Shigeko. "I just can't 
freaken' stand by and let this happen to my 'Pack'! You guys are all the family 
I have now!"
"You told me yourself once; 'Under all the animal, you are still a human 
being!'" explained Dan trying to be understandable. "Same can go for you. 
Without the magic powers you're just college student. We can only do what we 
can in this life at what we have with!"
"At the moment I have to put this threat to the side I haven't a choice! 
I need your help now to save Kiyone from 'U's clutches!" says Shigeko changing 
the subject. "Kiyone is 'U's prisoner! I think."
"'You think'?" asked Dan with more frustration. "The way that you 
explained this to me about this so-called threat of a 'outward demon' that has 
dark powers unlike the world has never seen before could one day come back to 
make us all her mindless salves! Only if she made a pact with another person 
from where she came from! That's what you told me those 'scrolls' that you're 
family ancestors wrote down all those years ago, right?"
"Right."
"After two difficult years of hunting around the world for the 'Jaded 
Dragon', I found out it was in Hong Kong and a would be brought here to 
Yokohama, Japan.  A would-be buyer was coming to 'China Town' to see it, which 
in the end that I can only tell so far by what I have seen in the last few days 
is that so-called 'buyer' was Kiyone and is also 'The one' that demon can merge 
with. Both Makoto and I lost the Dragon to you and you told me that Kiyone 
would soon come after it because she was 'touched' by the demon's power so she 
could lead us to it. So after I along with other members of the Pack were 
ordered to find her fast, we did and brought her here to you as requested. 
(Even though it was against my better judgement regarding safety to the 
others.) Now after finding out the truth that Mihoshi and Kiyone are some kind 
of very real space cops thanks to Mihoshi help! I will be very honest with you; 
I'm just a less confident now about these 'scrolls' that you swore by to be 
true. In fact I'm down right puzzled about this whole damn thing! What we need 
is an updated second opinion on this! We need fresh data! That's what I think!" 
 "You're right. I do have a doubt now myself." admitted Shigeko. "Because 
let me tell you what just happed here!" (See the last chapter to learn more.) 
"But, think about this! You yourself said; 'never assume anything', right? 
"Right." admitted Dan with a small 'grunt' at the same time telling 
himself he better start thinking with his 'open mind' again because this could 
get very interesting after all that has happen tonight. 
                                                     *********


 Outside the chamber door, Mihoshi waits with great patience to see what 
happens next. She already can tell that her friend is long gone and that this 
so-called demon called 'U' has something to do with it. Now she wants to see 
what the 'Pack' is going to do next because she knows better she is no match 
for 'U's powers so she hopes that they well help her. However, she can't help 
it at not feeling very guilty because of all the times that Kiyone came to her 
aid when she herself was in trouble without any thought to her own safety at 
times.
She then turns to Kuma who is still guarding the door.
"Excuse me 'Mister Wrestler'?" she asks.
Kuma looks down on the woman with sharp eyes.
"I prefer to be called 'Rikishi'." he says politely. "I worked very hard 
to be one. What can I do for you Miss Mihoshi?"
"When can I go in?"
"She will let you know." Kuma replies referring to Shigeko. "She has her 
ways."
"Dingo would like to see her too!" says another voice behind Mihoshi in 
which she turns to see the strange looking werewolf she saw earlier, sitting on 
'all fours' now, dressed only in a pair of worn out jeans speak for the first 
time.
"Who are you?" she asks.
"That is 'Dingo'." says Kuma. "He is a rare kind of Were. One that is 
called a 'Were-man' meaning a wolf that can become a man! Sort of for him in 
this case!"
"Dingo is me!" says the were-man. He then runs up to Mihoshi very quickly 
and sniffs her in the crock!
"What the?!" Mihoshi yells out in protest. "What are you doing?"
Dingo jumps back with a grin on him.
"I know her!" he shouts out. "I know her! She's one of the females I was 
suppose to check out at that place where heavy, big, smelly machines are!!"
"You're not that same dog I saw at the work site where Kiyone and I 
work?"
Dingo gave an angry look.
"Dingo ain't no dog! Dingo wolf!"
His smile then returns profoundly.
"Dingo likes her! Dingo got stiffy! Stiffy GOOD! "
"That's enough!" says another werewolf with a snarl as he drags Dingo 
away into another room and closes the door behind him. "No more trouble out of 
you today!"
Dingo's voice could still be heard behind the door.
"But! But, stiffy good! Stiffy don't lie! See?"
"Put your paints back on! Damnit!" roars the other werewolf in the room.
Kuma just moves his head side to side.
"Sorry, he still has a lot to learn!"
"Nice boobs too!" yells Dingo. "Hoo da wolf?! Hoo da wolf?!"  
Mihoshi has had just enough for one day, however, just like as if an 
invisible hand has grabbed her cotton T-shirt. Mihoshi is literally pulled by 
her shirt into Shigeko's chamber itself!
"I guess she will see you now!" says Kuma with a chuckle as he gets out 
of the way.
                                                      ********
Mihoshi lets out a small yell as she is continued to be pulled in up 
until she is standing right in front of Shigeko who is still sitting in her 
throne and Dan is by her side.
 
"Ahh, hiya." says Mihoshi with a very nervous tone and waving gently. "I 
guess you wanted to see me now."
"Miss Mihoshi. " says Dan with a firm, yet polite tone. "Let's cut to the 
chase! Your police partner Kiyone is your best friend that you told me about 
earlier, right?"
"Oh, yes she is!" exclaim Mihoshi. "I would do anything for her! 
Anything!"
"Anything?" said Dingo's voice as it echoed through the chamber. "Like 
doing 'the nasty'?"
Everyone looked around for the source, and then Dan spoke up.
"Dingo, get out of that ventilation shaft!" 
"How about your friend's world!" says Shigeko as she fights off at 
feeling her face turning 'red' from Dingo's comment.
" I know much!" says Mihoshi proudly. "Kiyone loves to fish and sing 
and."
"No, no!" says Dan breaking in. "We mean Kiyone's planet!" 
"We need to find out some more information about her society, for 
example, legends! Specially about the one they call 'U'!"
"I was going to do that!" says Mihoshi. "To bad Ka-Tar isn't here right 
now. He knows more about Kiyone's world better than I do off the top of my 
head."
"Ka-Tar?" questions Dan. "Who's he?"
"Another fellow Galaxy Police officer who happens to be missing right now 
after Kiyone and I had to leave that dance club in a big hurry where she and I 
saw you and Makoto the first time back in 'China Town' a few nights ago." 
explains Mihoshi cheerfully.
"So, that's who that was." admitted Dan. "I going to ask you about next. 
Missing, huh?"
"Yeah, but, I do know where we can get some good info. about her planet!" 
Mihoshi continued.  "At our ship!"
"Where's that?" asked Shigeko.
"One place which I thought was pretty damn ingenious at hiding something 
that big, once I saw the ship myself for the first time!" admits Dan. "Deep 
within the summit of Mt. Fuji-san itself!"
"Yup!" says Mihoshi. "I thought it was a smart move by Kiyone as well 
when we landed there! But, it's a tough hike to get to it. At lease the way you 
guys took when I was going to show you."
"We had to go the hard way." says Dan to Shigeko. The main trail was full 
of hikers that night! Besides she rode on my back all the way up!"
"We're getting short on time if we are going to save Kiyone!" said 
Shigeko with concern. "Every hour that passes the less chance is there for her 
to break free as 'U's powers increase in strength! And I can say this much 
about what she has right now after our little fight. That bitch's power is the 
'shizznit'!" 
"There has to be a better and faster way to get there." says Mihoshi
"How fast do you want to get there?" says Shigeko as she stands up.

                                                     *********
'U-San-A' quickly flies over and around above the city of Tokyo with her 
human 'host's' body like if it was somekind of fighter plane. She then zips 
between the many tall buildings in Shinjuku area. She takes a break from her 
flying and lands on top one of the 'Tokyo Tochosha Government Towers' that has 
a landing pad for helicopters. Very tried yes, but still having the time of her 
life. It's been so long a time that she has had any physical fun at all. 
She now takes notice at how fast the bright sun was coming up over the 
other skyscrapers in the city and soon takes off again. It's not too long until 
she is over the district called 'Roppongi' where she lands atop another roof to 
a large building in which she finds a large skylight. She walks over, jumps 
into the open window and makes a soft landing on a smooth looking, white floor. 
As her new eyes adjust to the dark she beings to walk around the unlit room and 
finds it to be a very large and open-spaced. 
She soon comes to the conclusion that it is a dance club of somekind for 
young people because of the equipment it has. For example, a bar, huge speakers 
and TV screens systems everywhere, different kinds of light and laser sets, a 
huge mirror ball and a DJ station.
Something then catches U-San-A's attention in the corner of her eye. She 
turns to face a large set of wall mirrors. Seeing Kiyone's own reflection 
looking back at her still makes her jump out of surprise!
She then slowly walks up to the mirrors that soon begin to give off many 
reflections of her because they were set up in a 'fun-house' style. 'U'-San-A' 
then takes one of Kiyone's hands and places a palm against the mirror itself. 
She then gives a hard look at her 'new' self, yet she sees Kiyone's face giving 
back a look of innocent. 
"Don't give that!" says 'U-San-A' as she points to Kiyone's face in the 
mirror. "I know what I'm doing! You'll see! We'll be unstoppable once the 
transformation is done!"
That same 'innocent look' still stares back at U-San-A, only this time a 
small tear runs down Kiyone's right cheek.
"I said stop it!" says 'U-San-A in a fit as she takes that same hand 
back, makes a fist and hits the mirror where Kiyone's face is so hard is causes 
the mirror to shatter and cut into her hand!
"Ow." says Kiyone as her voice is heard for the first time. She opens her 
eyes to see her hand is still into the mirror and her own red blood runs down 
its side. 
"Are you alright?" says a voice that Kiyone recognizes right away.
She looks up into the mirror to see the reflection of the pale looking 
humanoid she has known for some time now. 
"Ka-Tar!" she turns quickly to meet her fellow Galaxy Police member and 
friend standing by the bar itself. No longer dressed in his damaged police 
uniform, but now in a strange set of dark green robes. 
The both of them walk up to each other and giving one another a soft hug.
"Wait a second! How did you find me of all the places?" questions Kiyone 
with a little bit of suspicion.
"Dumb luck and 'this'." says Ka-Tar as he holds up his own Galaxy Police 
issued 'cube'. "What happen to you guys after you fled 'China Town'? And have 
you gotten taller or is it just me?"
Kiyone tries to recall the last few nights ago.
"Oh, goddess!" she exclaims in disbelief. "We left you behind there! I'm 
sorry we didn't mean it, but the strangest thing has happen to me!"
"Never mind about me." says Ka-Tar calmly. "I'm worried about you. Please 
explain."
Kiyone tries her best to explain to Ka-Tar about her 'problem' and want 
has happen to her and Mihoshi in the last few days. However, because of her 
'blackouts' to 'U-'U-San'-A's takeovers of her it was difficult at times for 
Kiyone to make good sense to Ka-Tar which was really beginning to aggravate 
her. 
"Take it easily." says Ka-Tar as he takes a bar-towel he picked up 
earlier and puts pressure on Kiyone's wounded hand. "Remember, my dear friend. 
I studied your world and your people's way of life back when we were both 
cadets at the Academy as part of my foreign studies. I have heard of this 'U-
San-A' before and I think there maybe a way to stop her from hurting you."
A smile returns to Kiyone's face.
"You've always admire my home, haven't you?" admitted Kiyone trying to 
think back of some of the most beautiful places and things she has shown Ka-Tar 
on her planet to bring some peace to herself.
"Yes." said Ka-Tar as he shows Kiyone a photograph of the two of them 
that was taken in a fanatic area on her planet called the 'The Crystal 
Mountains'. 
Kiyone takes the photo from Ka-Tar and studies closely. She then 
remembers that the city of 'Enora' is not to far away from those mountains. And 
'U-San-A' did say that was where the last battle was fought. A great deal of 
ruins from a huge temple complex from 'U-San-A's people where they made there 
last stand in the war was also in those mountains. For some reason this 
troubled Kiyone a little.
While Kiyone was totally absorbed into the photo, Ka-Tar pulled out other 
towel from his robes. Only this one was dampen with something.
Kiyone looks up and into the mirror again to see Ka-Tar standing behind 
her with his hands hidden behind her. She takes a deep breath and looks into 
his yellow eyes.
"Ka-Tar?" she asks. "It was you who made me look into the so-called 
'Jaded Dragon'! Why?"
Ka-Tar could see Kiyone was trying not to get upset. He knew he had to 
act.
With lighting-speed, Ka-Tar throws his left arm over Kiyone's chest and 
puts the towel over her mouth and nose. A towel full of a substance called 
'chloroform'!
She tries to break free from his strong grip, but she can't as the fumes 
burn up their way in her nose and mouth! After a few more seconds her legs 
buckle under her and she passes out in his arms!
"Forgive me, Kiyone." says Ka-Tar as he picks her up and starts to carry 
her out of the room. "But, with the police force in such a wreak right now. I'm 
fighting for our future. 'U-San-A will be my weapon and you'll be my hostler!"
A short time later a huge black werewolf comes out of the shadows, picks 
up the blood soaked towel and sniffs it.
"Sweet."  he says with pleasure.


                                                    ***********
 
                                         End Part Five. Next 'Fu-bar'



By:  C.D. Powers


     Disclaimer:  Pioneer LDC and AIC have the copyright of the 
characters of the Tenchi Universe. All rights are reserved.
     My story and it's characters are copyrighted 2002. All rights are 
reserved.
     The 'Logical Song' by Supertramp is copyrighted. All rights are 
reserved.
      Anything or one that is by remote chance is real is pure 
coincidence.
      No profit is made by this work. Only as entertainment. 
