Copywrite shit: Look i don't own any of the charactrers in this story, never 
claimed to, don't want to, and probably never will. Don't sue me cause i'm broke 
as fuck.

Message to the kids: Kids, this is a lemon, it will include sexual content. If 
your not old enough, don't read it. you probably shouldn't be here anyway. SO 
FUCK OFF!!

Appoligy: My spelling and grammer is bad, i know and i don't give a fuck and i 
know this is short but the next few will be bigger. k?

Now, on with the fucking story!

--------------------------------------------------------------------

No need for Good Partners. ^_^

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Setting[Mihoshi and Kiyone are relaxing in their bathing suits inside the 
Yagami's recreation room. They are on a two weeks payed vacation to pluto and 
back. They have been gone for 3 days so far.]

	For some time it had seemed to Kiyone that Mihoshi was asleep. Her 
mindless chattering about how great it was to finally get some time off had now 
ceased and Kiyone was damn proud of it. She too was glad that for two weeks they 
wouldn't have to work but only because it gave her time off from Mihoshi's 
constant mistakes and slacking off. She breathed a heavy sigh of relief. Then 
took a chance to queitly enjoy this long deserved break. She let her body 
completely relax and silently let go into her own privite Nirvana. Her head 
gently drift to the right. She opened her eyes to see Mihoshi's body. Tanned and 
smooth. When she was asleep she seemed somewhat...attractive to Kiyone, though 
she would never admit it to Mihoshi herself. She let her eyes wander to 
Mihoshi's large tanned breasts, her long slender legs her smooth blonde hair.
	
	Suddenly Mihoshi turned her head to Kiyone and said, "Man, Kiyone, it's so 
great to finally relax after all the hard work we've been doing. It's so great 
the boss gave us this vacation i mean-"
	
	That was just too much for Kiyone. "GODDAMNIT MIHOSHI WILL YOU JUST SHUT 
UP FOR ONE FUCKING SECOND, I CANT RELAX WITH YOU BABBLING ALL THE TIME!!!
	
	Mihoshi cringed back at Kiyone's remark. She covered her face and started 
to cry. "I'm sorry Kiyone <sniff> I just wanted to say something. <sniff> But 
I'll just <sniff> be quiet.
	
	Kiyone melted inside. As much as she hated it when Mihoshi messed up, she 
hated it more to see her cry. "That's okay Mihoshi. I didn't mean to yell. We 
can talk if you want."

	"Really? Thanx Kiyone!"^_^

	"Mihoshi, I wanted to ask you a question. Why do you keep turning down all 
the promotions that come to you. Don't you want to get away from this job, all 
the chasing around criminals. Don't you want a quiet little desk job?"

	"Why of course not, silly. A desk job would be so boring all i would do is 
sit around all day. I like chasing around criminals and, well i like being with 
you..." Mihoshi blushed slightly and looked down as if she was ashamed.

	"But Mihoshi, all i do is get mad and yell at you about not getting 
promotions and stuff."

	"Yeah, but when your not getting mad we have a lot of fun, like at the 
Kareoke bar, and i just really lo... like you."

	 This last statement supprised Kiyone a bit. Mihoshi almost said that she 
loved her. =Maybe it was just my imagination, but what it it wasn't?=. Mihoshi 
was looking at her nervously she decided it was time to answer. "I really lo... 
like you too mihoshi bu-"

	Kiyone was in shock she had almost said that she loved Mihoshi =Oh my god, 
whats going on. This can't be happening. I'm supposed to like guys. And 
mihoshi's just...she's just...= They both were blushing a deep red and looking 
down. Niether of them could believe the situation. Silence went on for ten 
minutes until Kiyone suddenly felt something touch her arm. It was Mihoshi. She 
was standing in front of Kiyone holding her arm. Kiyone could almost see tears 
in her eyes.

	"I...I love you Kiyone" Kiyone completely melted inside as Mihoshi ran 
away crying. But Kiyone caught her by the arm before she got to the door.

	"Mihoshi I...I love you too."

	They both fell to the floor in a passionate kiss. Their arms and tounges 
intertwined. It was only a minute but to Kiyone it seemed like an eternity. They 
finally broke an Kiyone lay staring into Mihoshi sweet,innocent eyes. 

	[All right here's the lemon part. if there are still any kids there, hey 
like i said before FUCK OFF!! now back to the lemon]
	Kiyone's hand wandered down to Mihoshi's breasts. She pulled off her top 
(with no objection from Mihoshi) and lay there admiring her perfect round tits. 
Her nipples looked the size of a quarter and were standing strait up. Kiyone 
brushed her hand along Mihoshi's nipples, making her shutter and moan with 
delight. She massaged Mihoshi's tit withe her left hand and then she started to 
lick and suck mihoshi's right nipple.
 
	"Ohhhhhhhh yes." she moaned softly. Mihoshi's hand s trailed down kiyone's 
spine. She started to massage Kiyone's firm ass. Then she removed the bottom of 
her swim suit and rubbed the area by her pussy.

	This made Kiyone shiver and moan. Kiyone then released Mihoshi's well 
massaged tits and moved down to position her face above Mihoshi's now sopping 
wet pussy.

	"Please Kiyone..." Mihoshi urged her down.

	"Your gonna have to beg me Mihoshi." She said with a devious smile.

	"Please...lick my...c...cunt."

	With that Kiyone went at it hungrily moving her tounge over her hard clit, 
over and over. Making her overflow with juice. Then moving her tounge into her 
love tunnel, now well satirated with juice. Kiyone thankfuly lapped at the 
juice. It was unlike anything she'd ever tasted. Almost like peaches and cream. 
Suddenly she reached a barrier. she was very supprised.

	"Mihoshi your a virgin?!" Mihoshi's eyes looked very guilty and she turned 
away. "Don't be sad. I...I am too."

	Mihoshi looked at her in disbelief. "You are?" Kiyione nodded. "Wow so 
were really sharing something special."

	Kiyone nodded then pushed in hard with her tounge. It broke and she 
started to bleed.

	"Ouch! That hurt..."

	"I'm sorry Mihoshi, I just..."

	"Thats okay, it's better now just...keep going." Again Kiyone smiled that 
devious smile of hers but kept going without a second urging.

	She cold now reach her tounge even deeper into Mihoshi. She hurgily lapped 
up her sweet jucices and tickled at her clit. This went on for about twenty 
minutes until, finally. 

	"Oh...God Kiyone, yes, please. Oh yes. Lick me. Oh Lick me deeper. OH GOD 
YES KIYONE I'M GONNA CUUUUUUUUUUUM!!!"

	Mihoshi sprayed Kiyone's face with her cum. Kiyone drank it gratefully. 
For three minutes Mihoshi's mind blowing orgasm lasted. Then Kiyone moved up and 
kissed Mihoshi. Feeding her her own juices. They lay there, resting for a 
moment...

End...for now

--------------------------------------------------------------------


Well what do you think of my first one. It may seem a little clicheish but to 
tell the truth i wouldn't have any experience in the matter. Yes I'M A 
VIRGIN!!!* 
Anywho for questions, comments, ridicule just E-Mail me at Mardev@peoplepc.com
My name is Mr. Schjmo and thats all i have so say for now.

I'm also 14
