  


                          No Need For Changes

                               Part Two: 
                          "Predator and Prey"
	                                
            *  Warning: coarse and adult language is used!                                                   
       
                             Summer 2000.
	
	
Kiyone opened her eyes to the warm yellow sun shown through her bedroom 
window.  As soon as they adjusted to the bright light, her eyes soon relieved 
that she was resting in a luxurious camber. She leaped out of her bed and 
almost slipped on the marble floor, which was smoother than any kind that she 
could recall. She then notice that she was wearing a very elegant nightgown. 
One that she could never afford.  As she began to look around in the chamber 
itself, she could tell right away from the style of the room and the furniture 
it contained that it was from her home world! But, a style from an era long 
ago.  Why?  She suddenly runs to the window where she first saw the sunlight 
come in, which turns out to be an exit that leads to a balcony. As she comes 
outside, warm spring-like air blows by her as she quickly realizes that her 
bedroom camber was in a magnificent castle set in the most beautiful valley she 
has ever seen.
This troubles her a little.  Growing up on her world she was able to see 
most of the planet thanks to the convince of the transportation system that has 
come about.  She does not recall this place or with this castle in it. 
"Maybe I'm dreaming."  She says outloud to herself.  "If so, do I 
really want to wake up?"
She found it strange to say something like to herself because 
what was even stranger to her was she "felt" she was home here in this 
castle. 
She also found out while looking down at the castle's traditional 
moat that the nightgown she was wearing was made of a material that can 
be somewhat seen through.  
	She did not feel embarrassed about that, if anything she felt 
very enchanting about herself!  However, she did come in to find 
something better to wear.
	She found a huge closet full of clothes that a member of 'royal 
blood' would wear.  Even though she was not planing to wear it, she was 
hoping to least find her police uniform. 
	Eventually she found an outfit she liked and did not need help 
putting it on unlike some of the other dresses.
As she gave her first good look at herself in the camber's main 
mirror she had a sensational feeling go through her as if was empowered 
by something inside of her. She felt she was becoming taller, stronger 
and more confident than ever before! As if nothing could stand in her 
way! Not even Ryoko!
"Maybe, Ryoko and I should have a little 'woman to woman' talk." 
said Kiyone outloud to herself again. Making a fist with her left hand 
" That space pirate owes me!"
"Who is "Ryoko", my Mistress?" said an elderly voice.
Kiyone turns quickly to the voice to see a small old woman 
standing by her bedside as she prepares to strip it.
"Who are you?!" says Kiyone with demand.
The small woman jumps to alarm by Kiyone's voice. 
"I'm your personal servant, my Mistress!"
	"My servant?" Kiyone quickly replied with a puzzled look to her 
face. 
	"Yes. I have served you and your family scene you were a little girl."
	The little woman showed a kind smile to her old face as she 
walked up to Kiyone which by her height only came up to the young 
woman's hips.
	"Of course your are a grown-up now. And the new leader of our 
people."   she 
added. "In fact you have an appointment today with some people who wish to 
grant permission to come into your kingdom. If you still accept to do so."
	Kiyone was a little over whelm by this of course. She knew she 
was a police officer. So this has to be a dream.  Or is it?
	She touches a nightstand. It feels real. Alright, if this is a 
dream and her 
only way to escape from her rough life on Earth and for a time her 
partner. So be it!
	"Yes!" says Kiyone with confidence as she looks down on the small 
woman. "I accept it!"
	"Excellent!" replies the small woman with a grin that went ear to 
ear. "Come then my Lady, lets us dress you in the proper event gown!"
	With that two other small servants came into the room from the 
hallway.
	"I think I'm going to like this dream." says Kiyone.
	                                               ************        
	As Kiyone walks down the hallway with some of her servants, she 
quickly notices that all the sunlight coming in through the many 
windows had a green tint to it. In fact, anything that gave off any 
light had a green tint. The candles for example.
	"I have a strange feeling to all this." Kiyone thought to 
herself. "I've seen this before somewhere."
	Then one of the servants comes to her. A man with the same color 
hair that she had, who was her official scribe. 
	"Mistress. I have the scripture you will need to say to the 
people at the event."
	Kiyone does not answer him. Instead she is drawn to the new life-
size statue of herself as the sculptor brushes off the dust from the 
green color stone. He stops when he sees Kiyone coming toward him and 
bows to her. 
	She replies with a bow in respect. 
	"Jade?" she says referring to the color of the statue as she 
looks closer. 
	"Beg your pardon, my Mistress." said the scribe as he holds up 
the scroll to her.
	"Huh?" asked Kiyone as she draws her attention back to him. 
	"The scripture." He added. "You will need it."
	"Fine." She said as she took it from him.
	They made their way into the huge throne room where members of 
her personal guard snap to attention in uniform the very instant Kiyone 
steps in.
	She looks around the magnificence of the room. Nothing she had 
ever seen before from the other palaces on her world or other planets 
can even match to the grandness of it! It left her breathless for a 
second.
	"If this is still a dream." She thinks to herself again. "Then 
I'm impressive at how well I'm doing at it."
	 As Kiyone and her servants continued down on a dark green rug 
that ended at the throne itself which was made of jade as well.  
	 As she sat down one of the servants gave her a golden scepter, 
which she kept to her side.  
	The captain of the personal guard comes up to her and takes a 
bow.	
	Kiyone gives him a hand gesture to rise.
          "Shall we bring the so to be subjects in, madam?" asked the 
captain.
	"Please." She replied with a kind smile. 
	The captain turns around and snaps his fingers at the other 
members of the guard who open the throne room's main doors allowing a 
large group of people to fall in. Mostly adults and dressed as ordinary 
subjects walked in.
	As soon as Kiyone can see that they were all inside she stands up 
and the people fall quite before her.
	"As I understand it, you wish to join my kingdom." says Kiyone 
with a proud voice.
	People replied to her with anxious "yes's" and quick awkward nods 
with their heads. The way they did this "nod" made Kiyone a little 
uncomfortable about their behavior. 
	"So be it." Said Kiyone carefully as she opens the scroll and 
looks over it. She quickly realizes that the words in the scroll itself 
were in form of a writing that has not been used by her people in 
centuries. She could not understand them. Again she looked over at the 
writing then was awestruck that the sounds of the words came to her. 
Not really understanding what she was saying, however, she did not want 
to disappoint her new subjects before her. So, she began to read the 
scroll.
	When she was done she looked up at the people with a confident 
smile and at hopes that what she said made some sense to them.
	The people looked before her with awesomeness at her reading.  
	A man who appeared to be a leader of the group spoke to her.
	"We are yours now, Mistress?"
	 Again Kiyone had some discomfort. This time about the use of the 
"yours" word. However, she answered with pride;
	"Yes!"
	The man smiles then turns to the others.
	"Awaken!" yells the man. "We are free!"
	The people first cheered then their voices changed from happiness 
to sounding horrible! As if in pain of some kind!
	"What is wrong?" Kiyone quickly asks the leader who is hunched 
over facing the floor.  
	The man looks right up at her with face that was changing into a 
very grotesque form of a creature that was right out of the darkness 
nightmares imaginable!
	Immeasurable horror grips Kiyone as she sees this hellish 
expression before her and then quickly sees that the man's body along 
with the other people that came with him twist and shift into a 
horrifying form that equal the ugliness to their demon-style faces!
Kiyone could not help it. She had to scream at this unholy sight 
because she can only believe that what she read from the scroll cause 
this awful transformation to these people.
	The demon leader that once was a man looked at Kiyone and spoke 
with surprising compassion.
	"My young Mistress?" He said with a very course voice. "Why do 
you act this way?"
	Kiyone tries to calm herself down to try to listen to the words 
of the leader.
	"You have done nothing wrong to us! After all, this is just the 
'price' to be immortal!" he says while some of the other newly formed 
demons nod with agreement with him. 
	"Immortal?" exclaims Kiyone with a frighten face. "You?!"
	"Yes." He adds softly with a grin. " All. Immortal. Exquisite 
isn't? Just like your beauty."
	The demon leader spreads his huge wings and flies over to the 
other side of the throne room and snatches up a mirror hanging on a 
wall and lands right in front of Kiyone. 
	"See?" he says as he holds up the mirror at her. "Beautiful you 
are to all."
	Kiyone just plainly stares at the mirror, however, she does not 
see the normal reflection of herself. Now, it is replaced with the 
image of a horrendous she-beast that she suddenly recognizance from her 
world!
	"'U'?" she says in horror as she touches her face and then her 
horns. "NO! NOOOO! I AM NOT SHE!! NO!  WAKE UP!"
 	"WAKE UP!"	
	"WAKE UP!"
	                                         *******************
           "WAKE UP!"
	"WAKE UP!"     
          Kiyone quickly opens her eyes up as she is woken up by the 
alarm clock that is going off in her hotel room in downtown Yokohama, 
Japan. She jumps off her fution and looks around the room like crazy to 
find the loud 'thing' that was saying "WAKE UP!" When she does, she 
hits the snooze button on the clock that is the shape of a; Blue robot 
cat with no ears and has a pouch on it's stomach!
	"Be quiet 'Doraemon'!" says Kiyone in a voice that had heavy 
breathing in it.
	As she calms down, Kiyone looks around the room again just as the 
early rays of the Sun where coming through the closed window. She walks 
over and looks out of it. No large green valley just vast urban sprawl 
with 'Landmark Tower'* (*Japan's tallest skyscraper) in the distance. 
And she was not in a castle, but high in a hotel with a 'stainless 
steel' look to it from the outside.
	"Morning Kiyone." Said a tried voice.
	She turns to see Mihoshi sitting in a chair at the other end of 
the room. Her eyes alone could tell that she was still tried. 
	"Did you sleep well?" Mihoshi added. "I sure didn't."
	"That's a first." Kiyone said to herself. Then she spoke up. 
"Why?"
	"'Why?'" replied Mihoshi with sarcasm. "Don't you remember 
anything from last night?!"
	"No."  said Kiyone as she walked toward the blonde woman.
	Mihoshi quickly went over last nights event.* (*To know more, see 
Part One; "The Jaded Dragon")
	Kiyone, to say the least was just "blown away" by Mihoshi's 
report. (We all know how well Mihoshi gives a 'report'! Every little 
detail!)
	"So." said Kiyone with a pause as she tries to remember anything. 
"The highlight was when I picked you up and jumped out of a huge window 
at least four stories up, landed in the street without a cut and took 
off running for the train at inhuman speed!"
	Kiyone was just having a hard time swallowing this at all, even 
through she could tell when Mihoshi was being truthful with her.
	"Don't forget about that guy you kicked 'into next week'!" 
Mihoshi added without missing a beat. "I bet he's hating life right 
now."
	"Of course." Kiyone say with smoothness. Then spoke to herself. 
"I think Mihoshi has been getting too much sun again."
	"What about First Class 'Ka-Tar'?' asked Mihoshi.
	"'Ka-Tar?'" Kiyone's mind wakes up at that name. ""What about 
him?"
	Then Kiyone's cell phone rings with a lively tune. She answers 
it.
	"Moshi, Moshi?" she says. "Hai!"
	As she turns it off, Mihoshi gets up from her chair.
	"Who was it?" she asked.
	"We need to come into work early." Says Kiyone as she starts to 
get dressed for work.
	"So what about Ka-Tar?" Mihoshi asks again.
	At that same moment Kiyone looks into the bedroom's mirror and 
stops dead in her tracks. She goes closer to it to get a better look at 
her reflection. The dream she had comes back to her in small 'patches'. 
She closes her eyes for a second takes a deep breath, then turns to 
Mihoshi.
	"I'm sure he's fine. Let us go now." Kiyone says with coolness in 
her voice again. The same kind of 'coolness' that she had last night on 
the train.
	"Uh-oh!" Mihoshi says to herself as she took note. "Not again."

                                               ***********************
   	The construction site where both Kiyone and Mihoshi work was just 
outside of the city limits of Yokohama on Route 16. Even through it was 
still the morning hours, the day was already hot, and humid as the Sun 
made its journey across the sky. The dry dusty ground baked in it's 
light. For the workers at this site all they could due was make the 
best of it.
	Kiyone's and Mihoshi's job was to help the operators of the dump 
trucks back the 'rigs' up to a 'loading zone' that the pay loaders were 
doing at a rock pile. 
	Now they both have done this work before with these kind of 
trucks, so you could think that if you made a mistake at doing 
something in the past and learning not at doing it again then the 
changes of repeating it were slim.  But, no not for Mihoshi! Just like 
at the last job they had at a construction site. She made the driver 
back up the dump-truck past the 'loading zone' and into a deep ditch 
that an excavator was working on!
	As you can image the dumbfounded look on everyone faces as they 
just stare at the accident* (*if you want to call it.)  that just 
happen!
	"Mihoshi." Kiyone just grumbles to herself. "If wasn't anymore 
possible."
	The site foreman comes running out of his office at the loud 
noise.
	"What?!" he roars. "How? Who is responsible for this?"
	"I'm." said a very worried Mihoshi. "Kiyone and I were."
	"Oh!! exclaims the foreman. "You two! Again!"
	"I'm very sorry." pleaded Mihoshi. "Please don't fire us."
	"Fire? Fire?!" the man yells to everyone. "I WISH I had a gun!"
	The man stops to count up to "ten" and then looks right at the 
two women.
	"Tell you what I'll do." he says in a clam voice. "I'm going to 
walk back into my office and somehow try not fire you two. Now if you 
can get that dump truck out of that hole by the time I come out. Then 
you get to keep your jobs. No matter what my choice will be when get 
back.  GOT IT?"
	"Yes sir!" says Mihoshi with a surprising smile. "My partner and 
I will get that dirty old truck out of that hole!"
	"Uhh, Mihoshi." says Kiyone with a nervous tone.
	Well, the foreman just turns back toward his office with a face 
full of confusion. 
	"Where do I keep that bottle of Sake for days like this?" he says 
to himself.
	Kiyone looks down at the dump truck then at Mihoshi who still has 
that same blasted smile on her.
	"Ready to get started?" she says without missing beat.
	"I need to go to the restroom."  says Kiyone as she walks away 
with her head down.
	"Well, make it fast." says Mihoshi.
	Kiyone walks into the woman's restroom and washes her face in the 
sink then looks into the sink's mirror.
	"Say 'good-bye' to this job." says Kiyone with an upset face.
	As she continued to stare at the mirror she feels 'something' 
inside of her. As if something just woke up.
	"Let me take care of this." Kiyone says out loud all of sudden 
without even thinking of the words in her mind.
	"Why did I say that?" she asks out loud to herself in the mirror. 
	"Ahhh?" says Kiyone as she takes a deep breath, then closes her 
eyes and bows her head as if she fell into a deep sleep.  A few seconds 
later she opens her eyes, puts up her head and looks around the room as 
if she does not know where she is. Then returns to the mirror and just 
stares at it as a grin comes to her face.
 At that same moment outside the restroom a large animal appears 
from behind a group of shrubs. Which turns out be a wolf! Now, to 
anybody that happens to see him would think that he is out of place in 
this city of Man, especially since he has the identification of a 
timber wolf from North America!
The wolf carefully looks around the restroom area, trying not to 
be seen and sniffs the ground. 
Kiyone removes her work helmet and then starts to unbutton her 
long sleeve, blue, work shirt and let it fall to the floor. Under the 
shirt she wore a white, no sleeve, muscle-style shirt.
She takes her left hand and strokes her right arm across it.
"If I'm going to do this." she says to herself in the mirror. 
"I'm going to have to change my 'statue' a little."
With that she again looks into the mirror and closes her eyes 
once more. She starts to breathe heavier and bares her teeth. Then she 
snaps her head back with aggression and makes heavy moaning noises from 
the pain as her body begins to change. Almost in two minutes her body's 
muscle structure, especially in the arms and legs grow larger, well 
over ten percent and her height increases by a couple of inches!
When the transformation was complete she opens her eyes and looks 
over herself and is in satisfaction.
	"Not bad for the first time with this body." she says to 
herself using a little body language.
	She then notices that her clothes were just stretched to 
the point that they could rip if she made the wrong move too fast.
	"Better be careful. I don't want to give those ' Earth 
humans' something to 'gawk' at!"
 The wolf still continues to sniff around the door that was the 
entrance to the ladies restroom. Suddenly door itself swings open and 
the wolf looks up at Kiyone! The alarmed animal folds back his ears, 
walks back a couple of feet and takes off into nearby woods.
"Beautiful creature."  says Kiyone as she watches the wolf run 
away. She then walks on to where the dump truck is. She soon finds 
Mihoshi and the other workers.
"Oh, Kiyone your back!" says Mihoshi with a smile that soon turns 
to a face with great surprise. "You look. different!"
Kiyone stops dead in her steps and turns to looks down on the 
blonde woman.
"By what way?" Kiyone asks looking at Mihoshi with sharp eyes.
"Uh.. Bigger!" exclaims Mihoshi.   "And your voice sounds a little 
different too." 
Kiyone does not say a word as she begins to walk down the ditch where 
the dump truck was still sitting.     
"Did you see her?" said one of the workers to another.
"Yes!" replied the other one. "I heard that she worked out, but 
shit-ka!"
"You don't think she is actually is planning to "push" that truck 
out of the ditch do you?"
"Oh, please!" replied the worker with sarcasm this time. "Your 
high!"
"That's a big bitch!" said a worker with a raspy voice in the 
background.
 Just then without any warning. The truck comes flying out of the 
ditch and lands hard on the dirt ground with a 'THUD' just a few 
feet from the mouth of the ditch!
The workers are once again dumbfounded at what just happened!
Mihoshi looks through the dust cloud that was made by the truck's 
impact to see Kiyone come walking up from the ditch wiping her hands of 
dirt and grease.
"'When push come to shove.'" says Kiyone while still wiping her 
hands. She walks past Mihoshi. Then stops and bents over to speak into 
Mihoshi's ear.
"What is that word again, in English?" Kiyone asks her police 
partner. "'Girlpower?'"
"Yeah." replies Mihoshi back carefully to her.  "Girlpower!"
The sound of a breaking bottle is heard behind the two women. 
They turn to see the foreman staring at them with disbelief, so much in 
fact that he dropped his bottle of Sake.
"I saw the whole thing from my office window." he says to them. 
"Did you actually 'pushed' that truck out of that hole?"
"Yes." said Kiyone very plainly to him.
"Good job!" he replied nervously with a face full of sweat.
"Excuse me, I have to rest now."  said  Kiyone as she started to 
walk back to the restroom.
"Sure."  Replied the foreman as he wiped his brow. "If fact, take 
the rest of the week off. If you like to that is."
Kiyone turned around to the man and with a smile.
"Thank you." 
 Mihoshi watches Kiyone go back into the restroom while some of 
the other workers talk to her.
Inside the restroom Kiyone looks deeply into the mirror bows her 
head.
"Time for you to come back." She says out loud. With that her 
body shrinks down until to reaches her normal size again in just a few 
seconds.
Kiyone looks up with alarm at herself into the mirror.
"Must have been daydreaming again."  she says to herself. "Weird 
one too."
Kiyone just then notices that her shirt was on the floor. This 
indeed puzzled her.
"Why did I take this off?"
                                           *********************
Kiyone walks outside ready to hear the words "Your Fired!" 
instead she is greeted be the other workers and asked how she did that!
Kiyone is speechless as she listens to their words. Mihoshi cuts 
in and takes her friend's hand and pulls her away.
"That's it for her trick of the day. Good-bye!" says Mihoshi as 
she leads Kiyone out of the work site. "Kiyone, we are going to have a 
talk now! You are scaring your partner out of her wits!"
Kiyone does not feel well and it is not because of Mihoshi's 
sudden 'take charge' attitude either.
Not too far off from the construction site looking down from a 
hill. The same wolf that meet Kiyone earlier saw the whole thing as 
well. Soon as Kiyone and Mihoshi were gone so was he.
                                                      *******
A short time later at the Untied States Navy Base in Yokosuka, 
Japan (Home of the Seventh Fleet).  Dan McGuire was sitting in his 
office at the 'Naval Criminal Investigative Service' or better known as 
'N.C.I.S'. 
The assignment that he has been working on was just a small part 
for  the security plans on the upcoming G-8 Summit that was happening 
later this summer. It was his lunch break and normally he still does 
his paper work to stay ahead. However, this time he has been working on 
another project of a personal matter.  He was looking through Kiyone's 
backpack that she left behind at the club last night in 'China Town'!  
	This may seem wrong, however, right now he is not doing 
work for the agency that he really belongs too. This was something 
else.
	As he goes through the backpack he finds all sorts of 
interesting things for example; Kiyone's wallet which held her Galaxy 
Police Identification card and her badge. Some clothes, first aid kit, 
a strange looking blue marble, a yo-yo, and her.gun! Still in its 
holster!
	"What is this?" asks Dan to himself as he sees a small 
symbol of the 'Galaxy Police Star' itself on the gun's holster.  
He slowly pulls the gun out and looks over the weapon 
carefully.
	To him this looks a toy of some kind because he has seen 
many types of guns in his careers. Never anything like this.
	As he studies the gun closer his quickly notices that it's 
weight is like the same kind that belongs to a 9 mm pistol and the body 
itself appear to be made of a strange kind of metal.  He soon finds the 
spare battery pack.
	"It has to be a toy." he added as he pushes a little black 
button near the trigger guard. "With a safety switch?"
	Just then outside his open window and large black raven 
lands on a branch and starts 'cawing' away.
	Dan decides to have a little fun. He points the gun at the 
raven carefully. Only expecting to hear an electronic 'ZAP'!
	"'Bye, Bye Birdy'" he says in a joking tone and squeezes 
the trigger.
	 In an instance, a straight bright blue beam comes shooting 
out of the gun and before Dan realized at what just happen the raven is 
blown away in a cloud of black smoke and burning feathers as the beam 
goes onward!
	The expression on Dan's face was not of great shock, just 
bested summed up as; "Did I just see that?!" 
His expression did not change very much as his personal 
cell phone rings.
He puts the gun down and answers the phone.
	"Moshi, Moshi?" he says as Matoko replies back.
	"I was able to find some information on this 'Kiyone' girl 
at Police Headquarters in Yokohama, Dan!" said a voice on the other 
end.
	"Go on!" said Dan with a chuckle. "I'm really, REALLY 
interested in this woman all of a sudden!"
"Ah, great!" said Makoto though his was a little puzzled at Dan's 
response.
Makoto tells Dan everything about Kiyone (that was known on Earth 
in Japan) that he could find. It was only at the end did Dan 
interrupted.
"Would you say that again?" asked Dan.
"I said; before I was going to call you I got a call from 
'Dingo'!" said Makoto. "He told me about something 'wild' that just 
happen at the same construction site that this 'Kiyone' works at! Guess 
what physical identification he just gave me of the woman that did 
something that is just impossible for a normal human to do?"
"Kiyone!" replied Dan with no surprise in his voice. "Do you have 
the construction's address?"
"Better than that!" says Makoto. "I know the hotel where she and 
her friend are staying at!"
"Great!" Dan added.
"Tonight then."  said Makoto. "The 'Council' has asked me to tell 
you to bring her to them. Peacefully of course. They just want to see 
who she really is. 'Friend or Foe'!"
"And if a 'Foe'?" asked Dan as he rubbed his chest which was 
still a little sore from last night.
"You know what must be done." said Makoto carefully.
 "Alright." said Dan with a positive voice. "By the way?"
"Yes? replied Makoto.
"When did 'Dingo' learn to use a phone?" questioned Dan.
				********	
Later that day at Kiyone and Mihoshi's hotel room.
	"You lie Mihoshi!" yells an upset Kiyone at Mihoshi. "There is 
just no way I can do that!"
	"I'm telling you the truth!" replied Mihoshi with the same 
emotion toward her partner. "If you don't believe me, then ask those 
other workers. Better yet, look at the dump truck you tossed like a 
toy! I think you 'broke it' in some places!"
	"Quiet! Shut up! " exclaims Kiyone as she puts her hands over her 
ears and turns away. "I don't want to hear this anymore! Please just go 
away!"
	"But.." replied Mihoshi with more concern now. "Please Kiyone, 
I'm scared for you!"
	"GO AWAY!" says Kiyone this time almost in a scream!
	Mihoshi just stares at Kiyone's back for a few seconds with 
puzzlement, then says;
	"Alright."
	Mihoshi grabs her handbag and quietly walks out of the room.
	"I need to find me some help." says Mihoshi to herself as she 
walks down the hallway toward the elevator. "This not her!"	
As soon as Kiyone notices Mihoshi was gone she looks at her 
reflection from the room's window, then collapses on the bed.
A few hours have passed and the sun begins to make it's descent 
in the  sky. Shadows from the taller buildings slide across the urban 
landscape as twilight comes to the city of Yokohama.  A crest moon soon 
rises over Yokohama Bay.
Kiyone's nap was not a kind one as she awakened from it. The same 
nightmare has been haunting her again. She also knows that the dream 
comes to her at times when she looks into a mirror of any kind. 
She gets up and looks out the window.
"A whole day has passed." she says to herself. "I'm still 
tried."
She then sees the crest moon over the bay.  A sharp pain 
suddenly comes to her mouth. As if a toothache of some kind.
She moves over to the mirror and opens her mouth to see 
what is bothering her and is in shock at what she sees!
The teeth in her mouth known as the canines, both the 
higher and lower ones have grown over twice their size and have 
sharper points on the end!
Confusion and a little fear of course comes to her as she 
pulls back her mouth's cheeks to take a better look. 
"What's happening to me?!" she says to herself as she can 
feel her heart begin to pick up speed. 
She looks again her teeth. Then she just freezes at what 
happens next.
It's one thing to have your reflection copy everything you 
do as you look into a reflecting object, however, when that same 
reflection takes on a life of it's own! That is a very different 
matter indeed! 
And that is what Kiyone's refection is doing right now! It 
smiles back at her with sharp eyes and wicked toothy grin as 'it' 
fold's it's arms across it's chest.
"What's the matter, little girl?" said the reflection with 
an 'alien tongue' in her brain. "Don't you like what I have 
done?"
"Who??" says Kiyone outloud back to the reflection in her 
own native tongue. "Who are you?"
"Who I'm I?" replied the reflection. "I'm hurt, Kiyone. You 
know who I'am. You have known my name ever since you were a young 
child back on our home world." 
"'U'?" says Kiyone in a whisper with fear. "No! You're just 
a fable! A child's myth!"
" A fable? Really?" says the reflection. "Just like the god 
of thunder in this country, "Kaminari"? 'The adults tell children 
not to stick out their belly-buttons too far or 'Kaminari' will 
steal them away.' Ha! Where do you think stuff like that comes 
from? "Well, I'm REAL! I've always have been!"
"No." says Kiyone in a shallow voice. "Your not. I don't 
believe in you, 'U'!
"First mistake." says 'U' with a bigger smile this time.
"What?" asked Kiyone, yet still scared to be doing so.
"Strange isn't?" says 'U'. "How legends get changed over 
the years." 
	Kiyone does not say a word as she looks on at 'U'.
"You think if you deny me. I can't touch you, right?" says 
'U' to Kiyone while pointing at her. "That I will just disappear 
like mist? Nothing more, but, a phantom of somekind. So, that 
your soul is saved at becoming one of my 'people'?"
'U's' face changes from a wicked one to show expression of 
sadness and looks away for a second. However, an angry expression 
soon comes to 'U's' face as she looks right at Kiyone in the eye!
"Let me show how I 'feel' about being call a 'child's myth' 
and how your people must see me as! You monsters!! " says 'U' in 
a yell of anger and slams her fists against the mirror. So hard 
in fact it shatters the glass!
Kiyone jumps back expecting the glass to come right at her, 
however, in a bizarre sight as Kiyone looks up, she sees the 
'glass' shatter 'inside' the mirror itself and as the 'glass' 
falls away the normal reflection of the mirror returns to it with 
her looking back at herself. 
Kiyone looks around the room to see anything 'odd' about. 
Nothing. She tries to understand at what just happen! However, 
she cannot just believe it. She does not want to! Her mind must 
be playing with her.  "Yeah, that's it."
Maybe, she was really was just 'loosing her mind'. The 
stress she has had bottled up lately. Maybe it was getting to her 
now. She just needs to get off this crazy planet for awhile. To 
go home to her beloved world that she misses at times.
"Hope it's just stress." she says to herself as she looks 
into the mirror again and sees her teeth are still 'normal' as if 
nothing ever happen to them. Probably nothing ever did. "It's 
better than becoming 'U'."
Just as she finished a sigh of relief her whole body is 
jumps and arks as if a great charge of energy has come through 
it! In truth, it has! She falls to her knees and covers her ears 
as a loud sound is 'buzzing' in her mind!
"What is going on?" she cries out as tears of pain come 
down her face. She already knew the answer even as her mind was 
ablaze! "No! It's her!"
Kiyone stares right into the mirror to see her canines grow 
back again, however, that soon changes as she turns to look down 
at her arms to see the blood veins glow with a eerie green color! 
She is then horrified to watch her fingernails grow longer, 
then her hands increase in size and begin to change in shape! 
She curls into a ball as the pain strengthens to the point 
of being unbearable! She wants to scream, but, the pain is too 
much! The cloth that made up her construction uniform begins to 
tear away like paper as her body begins increase in size and 
strength! 
As this startling corruption continues to attack on 
Kiyone's physical being it starts a new painful phase on her! Her 
legs begin to stretch out then suddenly change to resemble a pair 
of 'hind legs' that belonging to an animal that walked on 'all 
fours'!  
Kiyone was able to look upon herself in the mirror once 
more, as the transformations proceed. She was able to get some 
cries out of her throat, but, it was difficult just to do that 
alone! However, what happens next just took her voice away. 
"Hair?" she was able to think the words in her burning 
mind. "No, not hair. Fur!"
Which it was! Dark green fur covers her whole body in a few 
seconds! 
She then feels a sharp pain in her mouth and at the end of 
her back at the same time. She closes her eyes and covers her 
mouth. As the pain grows, she feels her jaw changing and her 
hands move away from her mouth! Then in a quick and sharp burst 
of pain a tail shoots out her back! She lets go of her month (or 
should I say 'muzzle') and finally lets out a yell! But, not a 
human yell, more like very loud 'howl'!  
Her howl is heard through out the whole building. Heck with 
the building. She was heard on the whole street!
Everyone inside the building who hears the sound is 
freighted out of their wits! Expect for a lonely old man two 
floors up from Kiyone's room watching TV just sits back and says 
outloud; "Somebody is 'scoring' well tonight."
A homeless man with a 'gargoyled' face, who sits all day 
under a tree in the park near Kiyone's hotel jumps up so fast he 
scares a young couple whom happens to be walking by him at that 
moment!
"Who DARES to brake our 'silent vow'?!  Who?"
And he takes off through the park toward the hotel!  
                                     ******
On the other side of the city on top of the Yokohama train 
station was Dan who was distracted by 'something else' on the way to 
Kiyone and Mihoshi's hotel. He too hears the 'scream' despite all the 
noise that was happing on the streets below him.
"There's a dead cat on the line.'"* he says. (*an old 
'salty word' meaning 'something is suspicious going on'. )
 As he stands up from his 'prong position' from looking 
down on the streets below. His eyes under go a transformation 
becoming a yellow-gold color from his normal blue and his muscle 
structure also increases in size to looking very 'buff up'!
He pulls out a pair of very dark sunglasses from his glass 
case on his belt and puts them on.
"That's better." he says with coolness. "The city lights 
hurts so much in my 'other' form. I'll have take care of these 
guys later.* I recognize the voice in that scared howl. She has 
to be a 'new born' as I thought! This may not be so easy."
 Just before he takes off he looks down at the street 
again.
"Damn!" he growls outloud.  "They're be after her too!"
*(You will learn more about what Dan's 'sees' a little 
later.)
                                     *******
           Back in the hotel room.
	Kiyone's transformation was completed. There was no more pain. At 
least in a physical sense. However, not emotionally, as she looks into 
the mirror at her new form. 
	She puts out a huge 'paw-like' hand to touch the mirror. Her eyes 
water up from the agony she is having at seeing what she has become.
	She tries to 'think', but it's difficult to do so.
	"How do I go on like this? How do I go 'home' like this? No one 
will know it's me. They won't believe. They will be afraid!" she thinks 
to herself. "No one love."
	As she looks over herself again as her mind races with 
puzzlement. Then she hears a voice belonging to a older person coming 
from the mirror itself! Kiyone turns to see the 'little old woman' from 
her dream at the castle.
	"Well, my Mistress." said the old woman. "Do you like what I 
picked out for you?" 
	Kiyone wanted to say something, but her 'new' vocal cords would 
not let her do it.
	"Speechless?" said the old woman. "Good. I thank you for letting 
me into your mind."
	The old woman's form 'shifts' to the same kind of form that 
Kiyone now has.
	"I choose well don't I?" said the wolf-like reflection back at 
Kiyone as it looks at it's right fur covered arm. "Matches your hair. 
In this world they call the creature of the night that you are now a 
'Werewolf'!"
	Kiyone let's out a noise that some what resembles a 'gasp'. She 
has heard of this name before!
	"Now if you don't mind." said the werewolf in the mirror as it 
changes it's form once more to Kiyone's true one.
	"Ah, that's better." says the false Kiyone as she adjusts her 
orange headband. "Nice to be in a acceptable form for this world won't 
you say, Kiyone?"
	Kiyone just stares hopelessly at her 'true-self 'in the mirror.
	You don't mind if I 'borrow' your 'form' forever, do you? " says 
the false Kiyone. "Good. I 'U' thank you! Good-bye, little Kiyone! I 
have a world to conquer! 
	 As 'U' fades away in a light laugh, great hot rage soon 
overcomes Kiyone and she lets out a roar and smashes the mirror!
					        *********
	                                        
	 Down on the very street where the hotel was. Mihoshi was just 
coming out of a convince store that was just a few building over. She 
made a phone call earlier and now was walking back to the hotel with a 
couple bottles of lemon favored sodas. She was also listening to a new 
C.D. that she just bought as well. She never even heard Kiyone's 
'roar'.
	"I hope Kiyone is feeling better until help comes." she says to 
herself.    "Maybe, I'll cheer her up with her favorite soda."
	Just then a couple police cars race by Mihoshi with there 'red 
light bars' going. They come to a fast stop in front of her hotel. 
	"Oh, boy." She says Mihoshi as she turns off her 'player'. "Not 
good. Not good."
	Mihoshi joins crowds of people that have gather by the hotel's 
entrance.
	"What's going on?" she asked a police officer.
	"Please get back!" orders the police officer. "We have a report 
of a 'wild animal' loose in the building!"
	 "Look out!" yells an onlooker as he points up to the building.
	In the next few seconds' people look up and run away in different 
directions as falling glass come raining down on the street and one big 
dark green werewolf landing on a police car causing it to cave in!
	"My car! yells an officer. "Why does this kind of crap all ways 
happen to my car? First giant robots! Now this shit-ka!"
	The crowd's reaction was 'mixed' as they gazed at the 'creature' 
that was before them! Some was with fear, others with amazement. And 
one was trying to get a photograph!
	The furry beast looked around the crowd and easily showed it was 
confused at what was going on.
	"Free!" said Kiyone in her mind. As difficult as it was to think 
simple words. "Must get away from here.  Light! Colors! So bright! Must 
be free!"
	The police could see the werewolf was disconcerted and tried to 
see if they could keep undercontrol to protect the by-standers from it.
	Kiyone's let's out a howl and snaps her new sharp teeth at them, 
which makes them back off fast!
	Mihoshi was hiding behind a police car and she studies the beast 
carefully. She then gets a good look at the werewolf's eyes and comes 
to a horrific conclusion!
	"By the light of the life giving Blue Sun!" she yells out. "No 
way!"
	She then runs pass the police and stops just a few feet from 
Kiyone's back!
	"Kiyone!" shouts Mihoshi to her partner. "Stop this!"
	Kiyone stops growling and turns slowly around until she is 'face 
to face' with Mihoshi!
Kiyone brings her head slowly down and 'sniffs' the woman out 
with her nose. The crowd dares not to move. Some of them believe 
Mihoshi is either very brave or very foolish!
Kiyone quickly brings her head back and her blood begins to boil!
                                            *********
	In an old building in Roppongi, Ka-Tar was waiting for an event 
to happen.
He was told to place the 'Jaded Dragon' in front a huge glass mirror 
and wait for something to happen. 'Happen' is just that. For as Ka-Tar 
stared into the mirror it began to act strange. Like the liquid itself, 
the mirror rippled like it was made from mercury, and then a humanoid 
creature, which appeared to be made of the same material as the mirror. 
Steps out of the mirror and takes a few steps toward Ka-Tar who in turn 
steps away from the creature as he sees his 'deformed ' reflection in 
the being. 
	The 'mercury person' stops walking and in a few seconds it 
changes in shapes and in colors until it forms into Kiyone's physical 
self!  
	 Ka-Tar grabs a robe off a chair and puts it on the now naked 
body of the alien woman. 
	"Welcome back our dimension, my Mistress!" says Ka-Tar to 'U'.
	"Nude." says 'U' softy as she turns around to the mirror lets the 
robe fall to the floor and examines her new body. "I forgot that the 
clothes don't come with you from the 'other side'."
	Ka-Tar stays quite as he looks on.
	" This 'Kiyone' has done a great job at taking care of herself." 
says 'U' as she brings up a hand up from the stomach to a breast. The 
stimulation she feels as she feels the nipple is one she has almost 
forgotten about from the years from her prison.
	Ka-Tar steps up to her and again and puts the robe back on.
	"You have been denied too much for too long, my Mistress." Says 
Ka-Tar as he comes to 'U''s face to kiss her.
	"Please." said  'U' softy. "I'm still a."
	Ka-Tar delivers 'U' a long warm kiss and then without any warning 
he passes right through her!
	'U' quickly pushes Ka-Tar away and then with terror in her face 
she looks at the mirror closely behind her! Then she makes a fist and 
slams into the chair on which the robe was on. However, her hand goes 
right through the chair like as if she was a ghost! Because that was 
what she was appearing to become right before Ka-Tar's eyes!
	"No!" shouts 'U'. "Something is wrong!"
	'U's' eyes get watery from frustration as she can see 'vapors' 
come off her new body like steam leaving a cold mountain lake in 
morning of late spring
 	"I must get back in!" she shout's to Ka-Tar as the robe falls 
through her and on to the floor. "Find Kiyone fast! I'll wait for you!"
	 Before Ka-Tar could say or do anything, 'U' turns back into the 
'mercury being' again and runs into the mirror!
	Ka-Tar walks up the mirror just as it returns to its 'normal' 
self. He looks over it, as he does 'U' still in the 'liquid form' yet, 
shaped like 'Kiyone' shoots half way out from the middle of the mirror 
and looks right at Ka-Tar in the face.
	"Find that girl!" orders 'U'. "I don't deserve to live like this. 
I won't go on like this!"
	'U' falls back into the mirror and after a few hard ripples from 
the mirror the room was quite again.
	A face of frustration now comes to Ka-Tar.
	"Don't worry, my Mistress." He says softy making his pale hand's 
into raging fists. "I will find Kiyone and then you and I will be 
together."
                                                 

By: C.D.Powers                                                                               
         				                    ***********

              "The mirror always lies!"  : RUSH.  From the album. 
"Presto"
                                                                
*********
  "When the light begins to change, I sometimes feel a little 
strange." IRON MAIDEN. "Fear of the Dark"           
                                                               
**********
             "Whoa! Are you ever a frightful sight to behold!" Beowulf 
(A Geatish warrior) when meeting his foe for the first time.
	"Look who's talking, human!"  Grendel. 'The Foe'.
                                                      

       ************
    End Part Two.
                                           Next: "Stranger in a Strange 
Land."  
                          
      Disclaimer: Pioneer LDC and AIC have the copyrights of the 
characters of the Tenchi Universe. All rights are reserved.
     The bands 'Iron Maiden' and 'Rush' and their music is copyrighted.
 My story along with the characters 'personally' is copyrighted 
2001.
	This story is of course fiction. Anything or one that by remote 
chance is real. Pure coincidence. All rights are reserved.
	No profit is made by this work. Only as entertainment! Got it? 
Good.


