Disclaimer: I don’t own Tenchi, blah blah blah. You all know the deal.
Anyway, here is the REVISED story. After much afterthought (and some outside
help..thanks Arkan) I decided that my first version of No Need for
Nightmares sucked some major ass. I would also like to remind the people
that this was my first ever fanfic of any type, so I appreciate not flaming
me too badly. Well, enjoy!

************************************************************************

The dream is always the same…. Sorry sorry, couldn’t resist, anyways, on
with the fic!

Another night, another nightmare. Once again, horrific visions plague the
mind of Tenchi Masaki. Sweating profusely, Tenchi tosses and turns and moans
in his bed. All of a sudden he springs up in bed. Gasping for breath his
gaze quickly scans the room, as if the darkness in his mind could manifest
itself into a demon in his reality. Of course, this is HIS reality, one with
an infamous space pirate, two crown princesses from a different planet, two
Galaxy Police officers, the greatest scientific genius in the universe who
also happens to be eccentric, a dirty old man as a father, and a crown
prince, from the same planet as the princesses, as his grandfather.
Realizing this, Tenchi understands that the darkness could have come out of
his mind into the world. He can’t say he would have been surprised.

Tenchi flopped back down onto his bed, his arms stretched out on either side
of him. Man, that’s the fifth nightmare I’ve had in the past three
nights. What’s up? Maybe I should lay of the miso and sashimi after
bedtime…. Tenchi thought to himself. He glanced over at his clock and saw
that it was nearly time for him to get up anyway, so he wouldn’t even
bother to try to get back to sleep.

He quickly made his bed and gathered his working clothes. Since school let
out last week, he technically didn’t need to get up so early, but his mind
and body had adjusted his body clock to that schedule. He also had a shit
load of chores to do today, not to mention practice with Katsuhito later on.

Oh well Tenchi thought to himself, opening the door to his room and stepping
out into the hall.

“Tenchi!!”

“Wha…??”

Before he knew what was happening, a female body had flung itself onto him
and knocked him onto the ground. An attractive, sexy body at that. Then
again, Tenchi thought to himself, all the women in the household are sexy,
kind and single. Not to mention they all seem to have an interest in me.
Bringing his thoughts back to reality, he realized that his body had
automatically taken over the job of pushing the tackling woman off of him.
As usual, it wasn’t that easy.

“Come on Ryoko, get off!” whined Tenchi, struggling uselessly to get the
voluptuous, yet somewhat over flaunted body, off of him. Of course he
wasn’t getting anywhere.

“Ooh Tenchi, how do you know how to get me so hot?” purred Ryoko,
pinning both of his hands together with one hand (kind of sad, isn’t it?)
and trying to gaze into Tenchi’s chocolate brown eyes, which wasn’t
working too well as Tenchi was energetically squirming for freedom with his
eyes firmly shut, so as not to be presented with any embarrassing
nosebleeds.

“Ryoko! I need to do a lot of chores today, so please let me go,” said
Tenchi in as calm and even tone of voice as he could manage, opening his
eyes briefly to see Ryoko’s reaction. Ryoko stopped getting lost in his
gaze, wishing silently that it was a gaze of love rather than tolerance and
expectance for obedience. Then she snapped out of it.

“Oh Tenchi, you nearly had me there. Trying to tell me silently that you
would rather just look at me with love in your eyes than have sex. Sly boy
you.”

“What? No, Ryoko I…”

Tenchi trailed off at this point, his eyes going wide. While Tenchi was
trying to correct Ryoko, she had phased out of her clothing, while at the
same time rubbing the slowly hardening member beneath the boxers Tenchi
happened to be wearing that morning with her free hand. Tenchi was capable
of only two things at that moment. If his conscious self had been in
control, it would have shot itself before choosing either. Even his
subconscious was shocked. The only thing that seemed to be working somewhat
correctly and happily was his blood flow and his instincts. Blood started to
pour rapidly out of his nose, trailing onto his shirt. At the same time,
blood was pumping furiously into his member, which was already standing at
attention waiting eagerly for the command that it wanted to perform.

“Tenchi you naughty boy! Were you thinking bad thoughts about me? Well I
guess I just have to comply so you will be happy,” said Ryoko with a
rather large grin on her face. “maybe you and I should go back to your
room. Then I can hear you scream m-“

“YOU LITTLE SLUT! HOW DARE YOU ASSAULT LORD TENCHI?!”

Ryoko sighed. Not exactly what I wanted him to scream, she thought, phasing
into some clothes and letting Tenchi’s head thump onto the floor. This
seemed to knock him back into reality, although his mind wasn’t quite
happy about it. He sat up and clutched his head, groaning. Then he noticed
the situation. Directly above him, hovering in the air was Ryoko, staring
daggers at another person in her bathrobe. Tenchi looked at Aeka with just a
little bit of fear. Her hair was disheveled, and her bathrobe was somewhat
open, showing Tenchi that she was wearing some kinky lingerie underneath. Of
course his eyes darted to her face quickly, seeing as how said face was
turning an unusually bright shade of red. Is she foaming? Tenchi managed to
think. Indeed, Aeka’s lips were covered in foamy spittle as she attempted
to glare a hole into the space pirate.

“My, my pretty princess. Didn’t schedule for our rabies shot did we?”
stabbed Ryoko, hoping to send the princess through the roof and attack her.

“No we didn’t. However, we did set up an appointment for a certain
feline she-bitch to get spayed. Tramp.”

“WHAT!? TAKE THAT BACK YOU FUCKING LITTLE SKANK BEFORE I RIP YOUR HAIR
OUT!”

“NEVER!”

“AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!” both women screamed as they ran each
other, forgetting all that was in the way. Including Tenchi.

Tenchi quickly dove out of the way into the bathroom. Fortunately for him,
it was empty. As he lay on the floor, he could hear energy being gathered
and numerous slaps and punches. Tenchi stood up and looked down at himself,
noting with some embarrassment that his hard-on was still there. Apparently
even near death cannot deter the hormones of a teenage male. He then noticed
a growing buzz-type sound behind him. Tenchi whipped around and looked out
into the hallway. He saw a small ball of orange energy surrounded by tiny
logs hurtling toward him. He also saw both girls frozen in mid-battle ,
tracking the ball. Instead of panicking and staying still like a deer in the
headlights, he used the age-old wisdom of humans to try to protect himself.
He slammed the flimsy paper door shut. He then turned around and braced it
with his back. Even as the energy ball slammed through the door into his
back he was thinking Wait a second. Paper door. Paper is flimsy and also
burns real well. Fuck.

Tenchi was thrown across the bathroom head first and heading right towards a
wall. The last thing he saw before being hurtled into blackness was a wooden
barrier rushing at him. Now before anything else is said, Tenchi passed out
from fear of connecting with the wall, rather than connecting with the wall.
Which he did. Badly.

Tenchi was somewhere odd. He looked first at himself. He was not in the
clothes he had on earlier. He was dressed in a pair of khakis, a white dress
shirt, and had a long trench coat on. He also found that on his belt was a
gun holster, which he quickly drew not knowing why. Tenchi’s gaze drifted
to his surroundings. He was in a long hallway. The house was not of Japanese
style, but rather European. It was also in rather shabby conditions, the
wallpaper being stripped in some places and large cracks in the revealed
sheet wall. At the end of the hallway, there was an offshoot to the left. As
he walked towards the offshoot, he heard a hissing sound, followed
immediately by a burbling and crunching. He started to run towards the
corner, he feet slamming into the floor and making the boards underneath the
cheap carpet squeak in protest. As he rounded the corner, he ground to halt,
at the same time raising his gun. About five feet in front of him was a
crouching figure. By the little amount of crouching it was doing he guessed
that it couldn’t have been more than three and a half feet tall. The
things back was pink and pebbled, looking like one big tongue. His gaze
shifted to the figure lying below the thing. It was lying outstretched on
its back, one hand raised above the head. A growing pool of blood was
spreading out around it, bathing the creature’s claw-like feet. Although
Tenchi couldn’t see the face, he knew who it was. Ryoko. Her wild cyan
hair was spilling out above her head, and her arm and hand were covered with
speckles of blood. The creature was also moving erratically, shaking up and
down and seemingly moving its hands. As he was watching, he heard a loud
crunch and Ryoko’s hand twitched, spasms passing through the finger’s
nervous system. Tenchi made a loud gasping noise and backed up a step.
Hearing this the creature stopped moving and slowly turned around. At that
moment the lights went out and Tenchi was spared the sight of Ryoko’s
mangle corpse. However, the creature’s eyes glowed a gray color,
illuminating the darkness enough so that it filled his vision. It then
tilted its head to the side. “Wait Tenchi. I’ll play with you next. You
have to wait your turn!” the creature spoke. Whatever Tenchi had expected
it to sound like it wasn’t that. The voice was that of a child, innocent
and carefree. Tenchi was reminded strongly of Sasami. Hearing that voice
issue forth out of the thing’s mouth made him scream in horror, and he
watched dully as it sprang out of it’s crouch straight at him, Ryoko’s
blood dripping from its claws.

Tenchi sat up with a gasp. He scrambled backwards on his butt, using his
hands to help. He didn’t notice that he was on a hospital bed in the
middle of a large room. He also didn’t notice that there were eight people
surrounding the front of his bed and staring at him. As a result, he fell of
the head of the bed and gave a small shout when Washu said something.

“Tenchi! Tenchi! Calm down! It’s okay, everything’s alright,
everything’s fine,” soothed Washu, rushing to Tenchi and kneeling down
next to him.

“Where is it? Where did it go?” asked Tenchi in a panicked voice, his
gaze darting around the room. His gaze finally settled on the group. They
were all staring at him, some with questioning faces and some with relieved
faces.

“TENCHI!”

“LORD TENCHI!”

Tenchi saw both Ryoko and Aeka jump at him and tried to duck out of the way.
He forgot he was on the floor already, so all he really succeeded in doing
was slamming his forehead against the floor.

“Ow….” Tenchi moaned, sitting up clutching his head just in time for
it to be slammed again into the ground, only this time it was from two
bodies throwing themselves onto him.
“oohhhhhhhhhh…..” Tenchi groaned, lying on the floor staring at the
celing.

“Oh Tenchi! I am so sorry Tenchi please Tenchi please forgive me, I
didn’t mean to it was all her fault anyway!” Ryoko managed to squeal out
while smothering Tenchi with hugs and filled with relief that he wasn’t
dead.

“Lord Tenchi! Thank the gods you’re alright! I must apologize profusely
about what happened, and it wasn’t my fault it was her fault!” cried
Aeka, managing to sound somewhat proper while also covering Tenchi with hugs
and sighs of relief.

Ryoko’s head snapped up. “It was not! I can’t help it if Pretty Pretty
Princess here can’t watch what she was doing. Hmph, she probably meant
it,” Ryoko purred, trying yet again to provoke Aeka into losing her
temper. It worked.

“I DID NOT!! HOW DARE YOU INSULT ROYALTY YOU FILTHY, SLUTTY, STUPID,
DEGENERATE SPACE VERMIN!! AND DON’T CALL ME PRETTY PRETTY PRINCESS!!”
shrieked Aeka, jumping up and gathering logs around her.

“I’M NOT FILTHY!!” shouted Ryoko, leaping into the air and starting to
glow with an orange-yellow energy.

“ENOUGH!!” Washu had been shoved aside when the girls ran to Tenchi, and
was not happy. Now they were about to fight in her lab, most likely
destroying it.

The next thing Tenchi saw was two short green things standing where Ryoko
and Aeka were.

“Kappa! Kappa!” squeaked one of them turning to Washu and glaring up at
her, trying to seem menacing even though the scientists was much larger.

That has to be Aeka thought Tenchi, wearing a mask of irritation and concern
but smiling on the inside.

“Come on Washu, change them back please,” Tenchi said.

“Right after I explain what happened, Tenchi. For now, it’s class
time!” cried Washu, throwing her head back and laughing maniacally. She
snapped her fingers and desks and chairs popped into being underneath
everybody, making them sit. Everyone except for Aeka and Ryoko. They were
caged.

“Kappa! Kappa!” cried one of them, rattling the bars of its cage.

“Quiet! Now for the lesson,” said Washu, stepping up to a podium with a
stack of papers dressed in her science academy uniform. “Now what happened
is that Ryoko’s powers somehow fused with the Jurai powers that Aeka was
wielding, creating a surprisingly powerful bomb.”

“Wait a minute Washu, how big was the explosion? I was knocked out so I
don’t really kn-“ Tenchi stopped abruptly as a large stone crab statue
fell on his head. He fell to the floor ass up with little Washu-chibi dolls
floating around his head.

“Now, now Tenchi, no interrupting. But to get to your question, the fact
is it was very powerful. It completely destroyed the house. Then, when I
rebuilt another one exactly .00000035 seconds later, the radiation and mini
black hole destroyed the other one. I had to remove that small portion of
this reality and move it to a sub-dimension that was created for just a
thing. I then took some spare molecules and atoms and completely remade the
area, along with the house. You wouldn’t have been able to tell anything
had happened if I hadn’t told you!” Washu spoke with immense pride at
her work, beaming all the while. Then she opened her eyes. She found that
Tenchi was the only one nodding in comprehension, while all the others wore
blank looks. Including the kappa.

“AAAAAARRGGGGHHHH!!!!! FINE!” shrieked Washu, making things simpler. She
took a picture of the Masaki home, scribbled over it with flames and certain
stick figures with little names over them dying. She then used a pair of
scissors to cut it out and pasted  it in a picture of her lab. Then she made
an exact copy of the original undamaged home and put it in the first
picture.

“Ohhhhh…..” “Kappa….” was the collective voice as they all
suddenly understood. Tenchi and Washu just grew large sweat drops.

“ANYWAYS, like I was saying, the combination of the two energy sources is
very chaotic. Although I am still trying to find the exact reason, I have a
pretty fair guess of what happened. While throwing energy at one another,
Ryoko and Aeka both saw Tenchi at the same time, and both diverted their
attention to track his movements. Unfortunately this was at the precise
moment they had just launched some energy. With their attention on Tenchi,
the two unchecked powers collided and formed what I believe is the
equivalent of the Light Hawk Wings. Another factor I believe had an affect,
though I’m not positive, is that  Aeka’s and Ryoko’s love for Tenchi
fueled the energy, and in actuality it was meant to be some form of
protection. If applied correctly with Tenchi’s own powers, he and the
girls may become invincible. But the risk factors are very high, as was
shown earlier today. In all actuality, the chances of this happening again
are very slim. However, I still have one question to ask before I get
started on my research. Tenchi, how did you manage to survive?”

“Um..I  don’t really know. All I know is that I tried to hide from it
and it smashed me into a wall.”

“Maybe Ryoko and Aeka will know. What did you two see?” questioned
Washu, still looking at Tenchi and trying to figure out what happened.

“Kappa! Kappa!”

“Oh, right. Hold on a sec,” chirped Washu, typing rapidly on a keyboard
that wasn’t there a second ago.

“OW! WASHU!!!” shouted Ryoko and Aeka. Apparently, Washu forgot to
remove the cage, resulting in the scene of two women stuck in a cage built
for large birds.

“Oops! Okay explain,” said Washu, snapping her fingers and making the
cage disappear and dropping the girls unceremoniously onto their asses.

“Okay, well as we saw the ball track towards Tenchi, I saw him panic and
hide behind a door. Then just before the ball hit, I saw the door glow with
a pale blue light,” moaned Ryoko, getting up and rubbing her ass.

“I completely concur, Miss Washu,” stated Aeka, trying to rub her ass
also and seem formal and royal about it.

“Alright girls, I really have a lot to do today, so I’ll see you
later!” Tenchi shouted on his way out the door. The picture of two of the
women rubbing their asses was enough to make his nose start to bleed. And it
did.

Tenchi rushed to his room and took another change of clothes out of his
drawer. He showered and ate without much happening. Tenchi changed into his
practice clothes and walked up the long stairs to his grandfather’s
shrine. As he reached the top, he saw a deserted but well kept training
grounds, which brought a feeling of fondness and well being into Tenchi,
although he would never admit it. Tenchi grabbed a bokken that was lying on
the ground near the top of the stairs and fixed himself in a fighting
stance. He stood stock still, closing his eyes and letting his other senses
fill his brain. He smelt the faint odor of cherry blossoms and wild flowers
wafting through the air. He felt a slight, warm breeze blow against his body
from the north, filling his lungs with its freshness.  He heard the twitter
of birds, gaily calling to each other in the bright summer day. He also
heard a rustle in the branches that rested directly above his head. Although
he did not outwardly show it, he smiled on the inside and quickly took two
quick steps to his right, opening his eyes and turning to face the spot
where he just was. As he turned he saw a shape leap from the trees, landing
directly in the spot that Tenchi was just standing. The figure was holding a
bokken just like Tenchi, and quickly rose to face him, revealing and elderly
man, staring wisely at Tenchi.

“Ah, so I see you haven’t forgotten everything I have taught you.
Good,” said the old man, positioning himself into a fighting stance as
well and smiling at the boy.

“Grandpa! Do you think I would forget a lesson like that?” whined
Tenchi, remembering the several stitches he had to get as a result of not
noticing the old man.

Katsuhito said nothing, but suddenly leaped at Tenchi with a flurry of
swings, aiming at seemingly every part of Tenchi’s body. Tenchi barely
blocked his last swing, and then he rushed at his grandfather. Tenchi
completely missed his grandfather and turned in spot behind him to find his
grandfather landing from a jump about 20 feet in front of him, landing right
on the edge of the woods that surrounded the Masaki shrine.

“Be careful Tenchi, because I had the perfect opportunity to kill you as
you rushed me, yet I chose only to leap over you,” advised Katsuhito,
calmly resuming his stance. Tenchi didn’t answer but started to run
towards his grandfather. As he was about to connect, a bright white light
flashed across his vision.

When he regained sight, he was in a vast desert, surrounded by miles and
miles of barren lands. As he turned in spot, accessing his surroundings, he
heard a scream. He rushed towards to where he thought he heard the scream,
which was right behind a large dune. As he was running, the sunny, dry sky
darkened to almost black, and a pale red light illuminated the hill. Tenchi
rushed up the hill, halting at the top. Tenchi looked down, hoping to find
whomever screamed. What he did find was a large group of creatures
surrounding a smaller hill. The creatures looked as if they were straight
out of hell, perversely shaped like men, but twisted and mutilated to the
point of not being able to tell when teeth ended and jaw began. They were
all chanting, slamming a fist against their chest and then raising it in the
air. In the middle was a leader of some sort. He was watching the crowd,
sending his chilling gaze across the mob. He then turned and looked at
something behind him. Tenchi saw him moving something down there. When their
leader turned back around, he was holding a spike with a head impaled on it.
Tenchi could barely make out a headless cadaver behind him, lying crumpled
on the ground. When Tenchi focused on the head, he let a out a small gasp
and started to shake, he wanted to turn, but he couldn’t. All he could do
was stare at the head of his mother, impaled on the iron pick, her face
contorted into a permanent scream of terror. Tenchi was thrown back, another
white flash searing across his vision. As he was flying through space-time,
he heard an amused voice say, “I’m coming.”

Tenchi opened his eyes to the sight of a wooden bokken being slammed against
his forehead. Tenchi just stood there for a second, his mind trying to
readjust to the switch, not really feeling anything. Then the pain slammed
into his brain like a mach truck with a deranged Nascar driver behind the
wheel. He managed to gasp audibly before falling to the ground, a dull thump
amid the sudden silence that had befallen the training center.

“Tenchi, what happened? How could I hit you with so clumsy a swing?”
asked Katshuhito, standing over Tenchi and staring down at him with a look
of disappointment.

“Uhhhhh?” Tenchi managed to groan, his eyes clenched tight to hold back
the involuntary release of tears in his eyes from the blow. When he
maintained himself enough, he opened his eyes. Standing above him was his
grandfather, who wore a look of deep concern and disappointment, as well as
Kiyone and Mihoshi.

“Tenchi! Are you all right?” asked Mihoshi, her eyes full of concern
about the man she adored.

“It doesn’t look terrible, but you should get it looked at,” said
Kiyone, who had knelt next to him and was examining his head, which was
caked in a dried layer of blood. Although cold and stern to most people, her
demeanor and character softened around Tenchi, who seemed to be the only one
who could bring out this caring and thoughtful person. “You said that you
had a vision, just before your grandfather hit you right? Maybe we should
ask Washu about this,” stated Kiyone, who with Mihoshi’s help was
helping Tenchi to stand up.

“Maybe this is a job for Mr. Police-Policeman Kiyone!” shouted Mihoshi,
throwing her hands up in excitement, which in turn caused Tenchi to fall
over again.

“MIHOSHI!!” shrieked Kiyone, standing with her fists balled up against
her side shouting at her partner.

“Ohhhhh nooooo…..” whined Mihoshi, even as tears started to pour out
of her eyes. She knelt down besides Tenchi and tried to help him stand back
up. “I’m sssoooooooo sorry Tenchi, I really didn’t mean to!”

Tenchi looked up at her and Kiyone, his heart aching because he loved them
both, as well as the rest of the girls. He smiled through the pain up at
them. “Don’t worry about it Mihoshi, it was an accident. And thank you
both for helping me. Now if you don’t mind….” With that last
statement, Tenchi fell into unconsciousness, hoping that the dreams would
not befall him once again.

Meanwhile, in a galaxy far, far, away…..

I’m coming, Tenchi. Only a little longer until you experience my beauty
and terror, my pain and pleasure.

With that ominous and only a little frightening thought, a blackness hurtles
towards earth, bearing only malice and hate.
What’s going to happen next? Find out nest time on, No Need for
Nightmares-The Revision

Mihoshi: It’s unquestionably…um…(giggle) what was I supposed to say
again?

Gang: MIHOSHI!!

Mihoshi: Ssssssooooorrrrrrrrrrrrryyyyyy!!!!!!!

HOLY POTATOES!!!!!! Three months!! That’s how long my writers block
lasted, three whole months. Like I said before, this is a revision of my
original No Need for Nightmares, which sucked more than a $2 Bejing whore.
Changed the storyline a lot, hope you like the changes. Sorry about the
lemon-lack, next chapter definitely. ANY response would be great, as I am
still new at this and would like all the advise I can get.

-Bates