

No Need For Changes IV
"The Others Within"

*********

White Witch! White Witch!
Poison in you!
White Witch! White Witch!
Coming for you!
White Witch! White Witch!
Taking Control!
White Witch!  White Witch!
Taking your soul!
"White Witch": Savatage
*************


"I believe in you! My master!" Renfield

**************

Summer 2000
	
 Kiyone takes several steps away with fear in her heart from the other strange 
women before her, as they themselves look over Kiyone with great amazement at the 
"new" form she has now taken upon herself!
	"Kitsune!" cries out Miyu a werecat now hiding behind the werefox. "She looks 
like you! Only her fur is dark green and white!"
"And she has two tails!" says Neko who was Miyu's older twin sister and herself 
a werecat.
Sarah McPherson or better known as a member to a group of "Were-creatures" 
called; "The Pack for Japan" as "Kitsune the She-Fox" just stares at the so-called 
space-cop in a mix of emotions of fear and awe! She puts herself into a  'block 
defense' position in case of an attack by the alien woman!
	"By my grandfather's long red beard! Ah was told you were a werewolf!" 
exclaimed Kitsune in her Scottish accent. "What is this, Kiyone!?"
	Kiyone looks down at her reflection in a puddle of water that was on the cement 
floor.  Feels her stomach becoming tightly knotted up as she looks at her right arm 
next, which is now covered with fur similar to the teal color of her hair. Except for 
the white bands of fur by the ends of her arms and legs, just like Kitsune's own.
	"No!" Kiyone cries outloud sounding hysterical. "She still has me! My soul is 
still tainted with her evilness!"
	"Who has you?" asks Kitsune with alarm. "Is it this 'demon' that you talked 
about earlier?"  
	The voices of the women were being carried into the "Den" itself. Where other 
"Weres" were in counsel right now and at that moment very angry with Kiyone's partner 
"Mihoshi" after coming to grips why the two space policewomen were on Earth to begin 
with! It did not take long for most of them to turn their full attention to the 
voices of the two exotic vixens at the entranceway to the 'Den'!
	"Kiyone?" said Mihoshi with shock as she stepped in front of the red werewolf 
known as 'Dan McGuire' or also known as  'RedWolf'. "Is that you?"
	                                                        ******
Kiyone backs away	some more down the dark tunnel.
	"I can't stay here anymore!" she says in terror looking around quickly. "I'm 
endangering you all! I've got to get away!"
	"Please, stop!" cried Miyu as she stepped around Kitsune. "Your scared about 
your chances! That's understandable! We can help you!"
	"No!" Kiyone cries out. "You're not from my planet! You don't understand! It's 
too late for me. I'm damned!"
	Kiyone then bolts down the tunnel 'on all fours', however, she quickly runs 
right into another werewolf coming down the tunnel the other way!
	The huge werewolf stops Kiyone by blocking the path.
	"Kitsune!" the werewolf barks out in Japanese. Thinking it's the Scottish 
vixen. "Is that you? You look different in this light! Where are you going? 'Tenno' 
wants to talk to you, remember?"
	Kiyone looks up at the 'timber-style' werewolf right into his blue-white hazy 
eyes and then that same tingling feeling that she felt earlier goes through her body!
	The werewolf watches in amazement as he sees the she-fox's body grow larger and 
changes until right before him was a female werewolf as big as he was!
	"Shit-ka!" the male werewolf exclaims in disbelief. "How did you do that?"
	Kiyone does not say a word only grabs the other wolf by the chest and throws 
him hard down the tunnel from the way she was coming and right into the center of the 
'Den' itself causing him to crash into some of the werewolves like bowling pins!
	This makes some of the Were's go right out after her!	
	" HUNT! Do not kill, but, capture!" yells the same timber werewolf! "I have 
questions!"
	"No!" yells Dan to the pursuing beasts. "You know better! This is not the way!"
	"She must not get to the outside where she can expose us to the people!" yells 
another werewolf as it yells back to Dan.
           Dan and some of the other Were's go after the pursuing ones to try to stop 
them!
Kiyone sees the 'pack' of weres coming down the tunnel after her. She continues 
goes down the tunnel, but as she makes a sharp turn into a another large open space 
she comes across the biggest werewolf she has seen yet, so far! No! Wait not wolf, 
but, a bear? A Were-bear!  About the size of a truck! He blocks the tunnel ahead of 
her with his huge body with no trouble!
	At the last possible second she sees another tunnel! It's very narrow, however, 
she still turns down into it and soon going up ward! 
Kiyone soon discovered out she made a bad call as she finds that the stony 
ground beneath her paws gives away and she slides down a sharp ledge and begins to 
roll like a ball! 
The next thing she knows is that the tunnel ends and she flies out of a hole in 
a wall that puts her right back into the Den itself!
After a hard landing on the ground she looks up to see she is now surrounded by 
a pack of angry 'Weres' with the white Russian wolf in the front of the pack!
"Welcome back to the Den." says the white wolf in English with a gravely tone 
and light chuckle.
Kiyone keeps her eyes to the ground afraid that she could change again just by 
looking at someone else.
"Please." Kiyone pleads with the white werewolf in the same language with 
respect. "Let me go!"
"I think not, little alien girl!" says the Russian with a now serious yet low 
tone in his voice as his sharp yellow eyes look at her with great suspicion. "The 
name's 'Vladimer'. I and some others here are wanting to learn more about you and 
your reason for being on our planet! Especially, the way you can take the forms of 
others which looks like your own will at doing so! What are you planning?"
"I'm not here to harm you!" Kiyone begs. "You don't need to be afraid of me. 
This is not your fight!"
"Ha!" Vladimer provokes at Kiyone while pointing at her. "I be afraid of you!? 
I grew up in part of Siberia were you learn not to be a victim of your fear! You face 
it! What scares you?"
Kiyone, now very tried both menially and physically because of the energy that 
is needed for her 'transformations', her now stressed out mind 'accidentally' slips a 
image of what 'scares her' back on her homeworld! Something that is very real and 
terrifying to her and her people to his day!
Kiyone once again goes into great pain, sinks to the ground, goes into a ball 
and her body itself begins to give off a bright green light.
The Weres' back away as the now 'ball of light' grows larger and larger until 
it is ten times the size it started out as! Then begins to take on a new form of 
something 'strange'!
As the eerie green light itself, fades away and as their eyes adjust back. 
Everyone just looks up and up and up!   
	
           "hooboy." says Dan in a nervous and soft voice as he and the other Weres' 
came back into the 'Den' just after the last of the green light fades away and looks 
up as well to behold the monstrous form before them!
	For once was the alien woman known to most only as 'Kiyone' was no longer even 
to be considered the least human of any kind. In her place now was huge terrifying 
creature that looked like a dark green dragon of some kind! However, this one had 
seven heads attached to very long smooth looking necks to a black body that was round 
and scaly and had many different kind of eyes around it with a long tail that 
appeared to made out of dark crystal of somekind.
	Ever hear the word 'Shit!' in several different languages at once? Because that 
was everyone was saying just about now.
	The 'creature' did not move, nor did anyone else dare too as well!  It just 
stared up to the ceiling as if was in a trance of somekind.
	A few seconds pass by and only the 'howling' noise of the air that is passing 
through in the huge underground cement water tank known as the 'Den' is heard.
          Finally a whisper is heard.
          "Mihoshi?" asked Dan to the other space police officer next to him. "Do you 
have any idea what the hell Kiyone just turned into?"
	"I think it's called the "Haru-haral"." said a very unsure Mihoshi. "Kiyone 
told me about it one time. A very real deadly monster from her planet. A creature of 
the night!"
	"'A creature of the night, eh?'" replied Kitsune with light satire. "Well now, 
aren't we all pair here?"
	"Does it eat flesh, mate?" asked another werewolf bluntly with an Australian 
accent. "Because were about the size of 'hotdogs' to this thing."
	Just then the 'Haru-haral' itself just comes to life and in a flash all of its 
seven heads came right down to the white Russian wolf and stops just inches from his 
head and slithers them around like snakes!
	"You just had to ask that? Eh, comrade?" replied the middle age white wolf with 
his own brand of satire and never turning his head away from the nightmare before 
him.
	The 'Haru-haral' starts to sniff the whole group of Weres' and with its seven 
long tongues begin lick it's sharp pointed teeth!
	"Dan?" asked Vladimir holding up a finger.
	"Yeah, man?" replied the younger American red wolf.
	"Do you remember that British movie with those zany knights looking for the 
'Holy Grail'?"
	"You mean 'Mighty Python'?" asked Dan. "What about it?"
	"Remember the 'Killer Rabbit' scene?" replied the white wolf. "What did they 
do?"
	Without saying another sound everyone looked at each other then and all at once 
it dawns to them what he was getting at.
	"RUN AWAY!!!!!!!!" everyone one shouted in their own native tongues. Which you 
can imagine was pretty humorous when you really think about it.
	Everyone ran in different directions except Mihoshi who was still holding her 
ground before the beast because she believes that the real Kiyone is still in there.
	Mihoshi takes a deep breath and calls up to her friend.
	"Excuse me! Excuse me!"
            The 'Haru-haral' now turns its full attention on to the little woman 
before it.
             "Yeah, I'm talking to you! 'Miss Abominable, that was formerly known as 
Kiyone Makabi!"   
	The 'creature' even comes closer to Mihoshi. Real close!
	"Heh! Heh!" said Mihoshi with a grin and sweat. " Kiyone? I know you're in 
there! Some where."
	Mihoshi knocks on one of the beast's heads like if it was a door. The creature 
gives a look of puzzlement.
"Say!" Mihoshi added. "Your not still sour at me for all that we have been 
through, are you?"
Kiyone lets out a roar into the air that was so loud and so much force to it 
that it took all the 'curl' out of Mihoshi's hair.
	Mihoshi just stands still for a few seconds dumfounded and with long straight 
hair now. Then does a 'look out into the audience' trick.
	"Rrriiigghtt." she says as she puts her smallest right finger by her mouth and 
then runs away too. Very quickly.
	The 'Haru-harl' starts chasing everyone around 'Den' like a cat to a mouse and 
is either firing fire or ice rays at the Weres'! 
	Weres' were either getting caught on fire of being frozen like ice statues in 
there tracks as some of them attacked the 'creature' so that others could escape to 
safety until a voice cried out so loud that everyone stopped including the 'Haru-
harl' itself!
	The voice was loud as 'thunder' as it booms within the "Den"!
"MO-TAKUSANDA! * " the voice calls out!  (*ENOUGH!)
Everyone stops and turns to the entranceway to the 'Den' to see an old looking 
Japanese woman standing proud with long, wild, black and gray hair, wearing nothing 
more than ragged clothes and a long cloak in deep red color pulling a wooden cart of 
somekind behind her. In her left hand holding high over her head was a strange 
crystal that was giving off in powerful pulses of colors!
	"Kiyone!" the old woman yells still in a thunderous voice, however, softer. 
"Come to me! Now!"
	Like a loyal pet to its master's calling, the 'Haru-harl' moves up to the old 
woman and brings its many heads down to her own.
	"SUBARASHII! *" she adds only louder again this time. (*EXCELLENT!)
Mihoshi, Dan and Sarah come slowly behind a large steel service door that was 
covered by ice to see what is happing.
	"Kiyone?" the old woman speaks again in a normal tone of voice this time and 
talking into the crystal itself like a microphone and looks right into the many blue 
eyes before her.
	The 'creature' nods in with agreement.  
	"You're 'Kappa'!" the old woman orders to Kiyone.
	Instantly the huge alien 'creature' know as the 'Haru-haral' begins to shrink 
and transforms into another 'creature' that was much more known especially to the 
natives of Japan and those who knew the culture.
	Within a few seconds Kiyone's new form was in the shape of the creature 
belonging to the supernatural world of Japan. The Kappa!  
	The old woman smiles in satisfaction to her work before her as her 'people' the 
Weres' came closer to the aquatic beast cautiously. As you can image most of them 
were not in a good mood now.
	Kiyone opens her eyes. Her very glossy yellow eyes and looks around. Everyone 
froze still not knowing what will happen next!
	A bang of her teal color hair falls gently in front of her eyes. She naturally 
takes her right hand to move it back, however, stops short after seeing her now 
smooth, wet looking, green arms going to her yellow web hands! Naturally great 
puzzlement returns to her already troubled mind at what she is seeing.
	She turns see Mihoshi just a few feet away from her. 
	Kiyone lets out a large 'Hisses' and begins to walk towards Mihoshi, however, 
the old woman quickly steps in-front of Kiyone and slaps her across the face so hard 
that the bald area on top of her head that holds water spills out! 
	Kiyone 'The Kappa' falls to the cold, damp ground and is frozen at any 
movement!
	"Kiyone!" cries out Mihoshi as she rushes to her friend side. 
	"She fine." says the old woman as she holds out her left arm making Mihoshi 
stop. 
The old woman puts her other hand over Kiyone's eyes and says a few ancient 
words. Then she whispers a word in Japanese into one of Kiyone's ears while putting 
the crystal on the space policewoman's forehead. "Sleep!"
For the first time in a couple days Kiyone is at peace with herself in a deep 
sleep.
"What did you do to her?!" cries out Mihoshi in protest.
"Just put a spell on her." replied the old woman as she and everyone else watch 
Kiyone's body shifted once more back to her true self.
"Nicely done, 'Shigeko'!" says Dan McGuire in English as he shifts to his 
humanoid-wolf from.
"Thank you, McGuire-san." replied Shigeko with respect as she took a bow before 
him, then wiped the sweat from her forehead with the end of her deep red cloak. " You 
said yourself; ' Never assume anything. Never hesitate.  Get to the point when in 
combat. Don't fool around. Don't act out what you see in the movies! Chances are you 
can't! And never believe that you won a fight so soon."
The old woman turns back to the now sleeping, yet, nude body of First Class 
Kiyone and let's out a sigh. 
            "Somebody find me a few scrapes of this woman's clothing!" she yells out 
to her 'Pack'. "We are civilized people here, are we not?"
In a short period of time her fellow 'Pack' members give Shigeko pieces of what 
was Kiyone's cover-alls that the 'Pack' gave to her in the first place because her 
original clothes were destroyed in her first transformation. Then Dan hands her 
something else.
"What's this?" asked Shigeko as she held up the narrow red band of cloth that 
showed it has been torn in two.
"That is her headband!" says Dan explaining. "She wears it all the time I've 
been told from her friend! 'Dingo' found it in the room at the hotel that they were 
staying at! I was going to give it back later with the rest of her stuff!"
"Hai. I see." replied Shigeko as she puts a few pieces of the cloth from the 
cover-all on Kiyone's body and then wraps the headband around her forehead.
Next she snaps her fingers and the cloths themselves begin to stretch outward 
over the body until the same cover-all and headband is made whole again without ever 
disturbing the alien woman's sleep.
"Alright. I'll take her to my camber!" says Shigeko outloud as she casts 
another spell causing Kiyone's body to lift into the air very gently and begins to 
flow back down the tunnel. Kiyone just sleeps away.  
"'Kuma'!" Shigeko orders out in Japanese. "To my side!"
"Hai, Taira!" says a very deep voice in the tunnel.
The large were-bear comes out of the shadows within the tunnel itself and 
follows behind the old woman with Kiyone in the front.
"The rest of you clean up this mess and heal yourselves up before you leave!" 
she adds as she dons her deep red colored hood over her head that was attached to her 
cloak itself. "I expect a full report about this later, Mr. McGuire-san!"
The Weres' look around at the great damage done to the 'Den' by the fight 
against Kiyone. Some of them begin to grumble in protest.
"Awww, cool it!" argues Dan to them as he shakes off the last of the ice that 
was attached to his dark red fur by the ice rays made by Kiyone. "At least no one got 
killed. And that's pretty freaken amazing after all that!"

                                                                     ******

Back to Roppongi in an old unused building not too far from Tokyo Tower itself. 
The Galaxy Police officer known as 'Ka-Tar' sits in a chair at one end of a room. 
While the supernatural being that appears to be made from liquid known as 'mercury', 
but is not sits at the other end. Her name is only known as 'U'. From Kiyone's own 
planet of birth. She sits in 'Indian style' on top of a full size mirror that was 
laying flat on the floor. She was in deep mediation with herself. 
Behind her was a beautiful craving of an Asian style dragon's head made of 
jade. To some people of the Earth, it was expense piece of art. To 'U', it is her 
power source and for a time her prison.
Sometime passes and not a word have been said between the two aliens. Until 'U' 
comes out of her trance and looks at Ka-Tar with surprise!
"Did you find Kiyone?" asked Ka-Tar as he got up.
"Yes!" exclaimed 'U'. "She is very close! I'm just having trouble pinning her 
down even with the amount power she is using! My power! She's draining me!"
Ka-Tar could see 'U' was getting weaker as time passes as she was beginning 
having trouble keeping her form as a 3-D humanoid liquid mirror in the shape of 
Kiyone herself. 
"Should you rest?" he asked with concern.
"No, I almost have her! Just have to find the 'energy link' that's between her 
and I!" demanded 'U'. Then she cries out suddenly. "A-HA!"
'U' then dives into the mirror itself like as if it was a swimming pool!
Ka-Tar runs over to the mirror to just see it ripple in a diffraction state, 
then return to normal.
"I hate it when she behaves like that!" he grumbles wiping his hand across his 
very pale face.
                                                        *******


Kiyone Makabi opens her eyes and shuts them again quickly from the sharp pain 
made by the light around her. She can tell that she is on her back on something hard. 
Again opens her eyes this time slowly until they finally adjust. She looks around to 
see that she's in another space now. A large cave of somekind that was lit with a few 
overhead lights that only gave off just enough light to see where you were going 
other than that, lots of shadows that you easily hide in.  She then looked up to the 
ceiling to see a blue light of some kind being reflected off of it. 
"What happen?" she says outloud to herself as she tries to sit up, however, is 
pulled right down fast.
"Huh?" she cries out a she forces her left arm up to her face see that it and 
the other arm and legs on her body were being restrained by bands of somekind made 
from what appears to be pure energy. Everytime she moved a leg or arm it was pulled 
back down to the stone table she was on.
"What's going?" she cries out. "Who's doing this to me? Why? What have I done?"
"Irasshaimase*." says a voice behind her head. (*Welcome.)
The next thing she sees is the old woman's head loom over her own!
"I put those 'energy bands' on you for your own protection as well as mine." 
says Shigeko. "They will keep your power at bay!"
The old woman then points to Kiyone's waist line where the strange crystal was 
resting on that was used on her earlier was now giving off the power to make those 
'bands'.
"I'm so glad my ancestors took care of the 'crystal' for all these years so 
that we can protect ourselves from you. But, I have to be honest, Kiyone. You were 
not so tough after all. At least to what the legends say."
"Who are you?" Kiyone pleaded softy. "What have I done to you? I don't 
understand. Please tell me."
"Ask this first." said the old woman as she looks over Kiyone. "Do remember 
anything that has happen to you lately?"
"No." Kiyone replied after a few seconds of silence. "Except. I dreamed I 
became  creatures of this world. A wolf, then a fox. Why?"
"My name is 'Taira Shigeko' I'm also called the 'Lady in Red' at least the 
people of the street say. The 'homuresu'*. (*Homeless). I'm what you call a Majo*!"
"A *'sorceress?'" said Kiyone in English.
"So, you can talk in that 'tongue' too." replied Shigeko with surprise. "Yes, 
that or a witch. But, I like the sound of 'sorceress' better and a young one if I may 
add."
"Young?" said Kiyone with a puzzled face as she looked over the old woman.
Shigeko looks over herself.
"Oh, I forgot." she admits as she whips around her red cloak. "Want to see 
something cool?"
With a few hand gestures she makes Kiyone fly off the table and with the aid of 
the crystal's power makes her get 'pined' into the rock of the cave itself several 
feet up. Her arms and legs spread out making her look like an 'X'! Kiyone looks down 
on the old woman with angry eyes as she also notices that the blue light she saw 
earlier was coming from a large pool of water that appeared to be glowing softy.
"Let me get into something a little more comfortable." says Shigeko as she 
walks down to the other end of the body of water. She steps into the glowing pool 
with the help of a stone staircase. 
As Shigeko's head disappears into the strange liquid her ragged clothes appear 
to come off of her as if they never on her body at all. They all just float to the 
surface gently, expect her red cloak itself it never touches the water at all. Just 
barely hovers over it somehow. 
Kiyone watches closely as she sees the cloak follow above the old woman that 
appears to be walking on the bottom of the pool that seems only seven feet deep.
Kiyone suddenly has to close her eyes as the body of water glows brighter to 
the point of being blinding!
As the light dims back to 'normal'. Kiyone opens her eyes again to see that the 
cloak itself has disappeared and to now see the nude body of a young Japanese woman 
come walking out the other end of the pool and comes toward Kiyone only to stop a few 
feet away.
The woman then spins like a top with such speed that she literary dries herself 
off!
"Behold." says Shigeko as she puts her hands of her hips. "This is who I truly 
am! Kuma?"
By her command again from out of the shadows from nowhere the huge were-bear 
appears to Shigeko's side, this time with the magic user's cloak in his large paws. 
Like a gentleman he steps behind her and puts the cloak on her shoulders. Without 
doing anything the cloak takes on a life of it's own as it liquefies itself. Pieces 
of the cloak slide over the woman's body covering certain 'parts' she prefers not 
showing off to the rest of the world and making an exotic body garb with an oriental 
look to it.
"Do you like?" asked Shigeko to Kiyone as she holds up one end of her cloak to 
the space woman. "This has been in my family for centuries! Let's have a little 'girl 
talk'."
  "Who are you people?" asked Kiyone with a sudden dry month. "What are you?"
Shigeko again with a few hand gestures orders 'Kuma' to leave them.
Without saying a word. The large were-bear walks out of the cave, closes a 
large, heavy steel door behind him and locks it.
Shigeko turns back to Kiyone with a kind smile.
"Let's have a little 'girl talk'." she says as she walks over to another stone 
table and picks up a 'pocket mirror' and looks into it.
"How about you let me down?" asks Kiyone about her current position. "This is 
not comfortable."
" No. As I said 'this is for your protection'." replied Shigeko holding up the 
mirror at Kiyone.
"'What are we?' You ask?" she added putting the mirror back on the table. "I'll 
tell you."
"As I said I'm a sorceress. These creatures that are called 'Weres' are my 
protectors."
"Your protectors?" exclaimed Kiyone with disbelief.  "I've heard of such beasts 
on this planet, but, I thought they were just the stuff of folklore from.I think 
France!"
"Shows what you know!" replied Shigeko with a light chuckle. "On the other 
hand, for being a person from another planet. "I'm surprised you even heard of them!"
"'Shows what you know'." says Kiyone back to her with a smile of satisfaction. 
"I've done much research about Earth during my stay here."
"Especially my country?" asks Shigeko with a great expression of curiosity to 
her face. 
"Especially your country." says Kiyone with a bow of respect towards Shigeko 
with her head.
"Awesome!" says Shigeko with excitement as she bows back. "However, back to the 
Weres'. Don't call them 'beasts'! They kind of take that as an insult! This bunch 
likes to see themselves above being called salvages as some folklore goes by! I'll 
explain later."
"What's with the 'old woman' disguise?" asked Kiyone as she struggles a little 
with her bonds.
"It's away I can hide and separate myself from my other life so no one will 
suspect." said Shigeko. "Even in the world above us I have another life to live too. 
I'm college student at 'Yokohama City University' as microbiology major."
"So being a sorceress helps?" replied Kiyone with curiously.
" My primary power is in 'shape-shifting'. Some of the Weres' like that too. 
Makes them feel as if I'm one of them because I can become like them, I guess. What 
you just saw with me with the pool right there was me basically 'recharging my 
batteries'!"
"What can you do?" says Kiyone as she forgets about the energy bands and is now 
very drawn in with the conservation.
"I can do this." says Shigeko calmly. With that she 'shifts' her form as if it 
was nothing into the form of Tenchi himself in his school uniform! As you can image 
Kiyone was a little shocked at this change!
"Wha..?" exclaimed Kiyone as she looked her or him over. "How did you know?"
"About this guy?" replied Shigeko in her own voice. "I saw the photograph of 
you two that was in the pack-back that you left behind at the club in 'China Town' 
the other night."* (* See "Jaded Dragon.")
"You have it?" exclaimed Kiyone with a sharp tone. "I need that back!"
"Don't worry." said Shigeko assuring. She then shifts into Kiyone's own form 
wearing her Galaxy Police uniform. "I promise you will get that back."
"What else can you do, besides taut me?" protested Kiyone at seeing this person 
take her form.
Shigeko shifts back to her trueself then grows taller until she is about 
twenty-five feet in height almost knocking her head on the cave's ceiling!
"I can smash you like a bug if I wanted to!" said Shigeko with a booming voice 
looking down at Kiyone. 
"I'm. sorry." admitted Kiyone with a tight lip and wet brow now. "I didn't mean 
to snap at you! I'm just a little upset at what is going on here."
"That's cool." says Shigeko as she shrinks down to her true height. "I was 
really testing you to see if you could do anything with your power while wearing 
those energy bands. According to the scrolls we have, this power you have is suppose 
to be very strong!"
"I don't understand." grumbles Kiyone. "I don't have any power. At least not 
like yours!"
"What is this demon that you suppose to be 'cursed' with?" asked Shigeko.
"What?" replied Kiyone. "What demon?"
"Well, that part in the scrolls about 'not remembering what happen' seems to be 
true." said Shigeko to herself.
"Tell me about yourself, Kiyone."
"I can't." she replied. "It's against the rules of the Galaxy Police."
"I can't help you if you don't open up." pressed Shigeko.
Kiyone thinks about this carefully. After a good couple hours Kiyone finishes 
her life story up to this day**
           (I'll let you fans fill in this part of the story yourself the way you 
like it.) **
          Shigeko is just blown away at Kiyone's tale.
           "So at it stands right now you're a 'First Class Police Officer' for an 
agency called the 'Galaxy Police'. Your very good at your job, however, thanks to 
your partner out there 'Moishi', you have been assigned to our planet to watch over 
this guy name 'Tenchi' and have to work to make a living in my country while still 
doing your duty as cops in our solar system?"
	"That's about right." said Kiyone with a faint smile.
	"Damn! I don't know if I should envy you or feel sorry for you!" exclaimed 
Shigeko.
	Kiyone had no commit.
	Shigeko was quiet for alittle bit. Then asks 'the question'.
	"Do you have anything on your planet that resembles anything about an 'oni' or 
demon that can take over your body from time to time? Makes you forget that it does 
happen at all when your back in control of yourself and/or destroys your 'soul' in 
the end when it takes over completely of your body?" Shigeko asks quickly.
	Kiyone is quiet for a bit.
	"We have a child's bedtime story about a demon called 'U' that suppose to come 
for you if you don't go to sleep when your parents tell you to do so. Why?"
	"And you don't remember anything that has just happen earlier tonight?" asked 
Shigeko with demand.
	"What are you getting at?" Kiyone replied with concern. "Are you saying that 
fairly tale is on this planet too?" she adds with a laugh. "I don't see how!"
	"Wait here!" says Shigeko as she walks off quickly into another part of the 
cave.
	"Oh, don't worry." says Kiyone bitterly with a sigh as she tugs on the energy 
bands again. "I'm not going anywhere. You little fool."
	                                                          *******

	As Kiyone was waiting for her 'host' to return, she laid her head down with her 
eyes closed.  Trying to recall the time she has lost and the reason for these 
'strange dreams' she has been having. Dreams are very important to her people back 
home. Alas no. Then she hears something.
	"Kiyone." says a voice with a ghostly tone to it. 
	Kiyone brings up her head and looks around for the source of the voice. She 
does not see anyone in the cave.
	"Kiyone." 
The voice calls out again. This time it sends a cold chill up the woman's 
spine. She knows the voice from somewhere!
"Ok, Shigeko." says Kiyone with a tight throat. "Cut the crap, kid!"
Kiyone can feel her heartbeats grow stronger as a few seconds past by. Very 
slowly.
"That is you, right?"
Then a new sound is heard as Kiyone sees the pocket mirror that Shigeko was 
using jump around on the stone table. Then within a few seconds a large stream of 
what looks like 'liquid mercury' comes spilling out of the mirror itself like a 
waterfall as the liquid forms into a humanoid creature just a few feet away from the 
table.
"No, it's not." says the 'mercury person' with a grin as it keeps its 'silver 
look', however, makes itself appear to look like Kiyone herself. "Do you know who 
I'm? You should. We are bonded now. You and I share essence with each other!"
Kiyone always knew she had bravery inside of her from her father's side and was 
proud of it.  Now, however, she was scare as a young child would be from seeing a 
ghost appear in-front of her!
"You seem to have forgotten about me recently." said the 'mercury person' with 
disappointment.  "Ah, no matter. It's a curse that even I can't understand and I'am 
that power!"
Somewhere in the back of Kiyone's mind the name of this 'creature' comes 
forward.
"'U'"?  she replied with fear.
"Yes. Me!" said 'U'.
"Your not real." said Kiyone quickly as she turns away from the site of 'U'. 
"Leave me! I don't believe in you!"
"We have been through this before." said 'U' bluntly. "Oh, that's right! You 
don't remember, do you? Or do you?"
'U' then turns into a green gaseous state in a blink of the eye and floats up 
to Kiyone like a spirit.
"Do you remember the 'Power', Kiyone?" asks 'U' as she looks at Kiyone right 
into the face.  "You have been in hunger for it whether you knew this or not! You 
have hungered for the 'Power'!"
"I.I." says Kiyone with great struggle to fight off 'U's words as they stab her 
mind! She then opens her eyes, looks at 'U', and licks her teeth with great pleasure 
and smiles at 'phantom witch'. "Lust for it!"
"Yes." 'U' acknowledges with delight. "It's good isn't? Feels as if a void has 
been filled at last! You crave for more?"
"Yes." Kiyone says with a nod as 'U's words are now welcomed to her. "I do." 
"We were supposed to have been one. We still can!" exclaims 'U' as she holds 
Kiyone's face in her hands. "Let us be ONE!"
"I never did have a choice, did I?" confessed Kiyone with sadness.
"No." says 'U' softy as she makes herself smaller and goes up Kiyone's nose! 
"Fate made you the victim."
Kiyone smiles as she allows the spirit inside her body with no resistance at 
all. Yet, at the same time, tears come down her face as she feels her own soul 
screams!
                                                            *******
Shigeko comes running back into the cave with an old scroll in her hands when 
she thought she heard and felt something odd.
"Kiyone?" Shigeko calls out as she sees her 'guest' still hung to the wall, but 
appears to be a sleep.
Shigeko walks closer with caution.
"Kiyone?"
Kiyone then opens her eyes quickly. Shigeko jumps back as she feels a strange 
unknown power knock into her heavily!
Shigeko's heart is beating a little faster as she looks up at Kiyone and into 
to her eyes! They looked as normal as before, however, this time Shigeko can feel a 
strange force of energy coming off them. It feels like heat of somekind!
"Ah! You must be Shigeko!" says Kiyone now speaking with two different voices 
at the same time She recognizes Kiyone's, however, not the other one. "I do thank you 
for leading me here to my 'host'! A compromise will soon be held to her."
"Oh, shit-ka!" whispers Shigeko with a face that was completely flabbergasted 
in disbelief. "What have I done?"
"Don't feel as if you done anything wrong." Kiyone replies with reassurance. 
"This woman's fate was sealed long before you found her! Now at last justice has been 
done to my people."
"Your people?" replied Shigeko shielding herself from the 'heat'. "What do you 
mean?"
"Kiyone and I are from the same planet!" answered the alien woman with a smile. 
"She and I are two different races of beings. But, her kind wiped out mine.centuries 
ago in your time line. Long before your country was even born! My people where no 
match to Kiyone's race which were the larger and more aggressive ones! Even with are 
powers their numbers out weighted us in the end!"
"Your kind?" asked Shigeko. "Who are you?"
"I'am 'U'!" exclaimed Kiyone's body.
"Me?!" replied Shigeko with a puzzled look to her face.
"NO!" yells 'U' in anger with now blue glowing eyes. "Not in 'you' as 
'yourself'. The best way it can be explained is the letter 'U' in the English 
letter!" 
"And how would you know about this English letter 'U'?" asked Shigeko. "I find 
this strange."
"I've been stranded on this planet for years!" explained 'U'. "I've learned 
much!"
"If this true then." said Shigeko as she lowers her hands. 
"It is!" added 'U'.
"Then Kiyone is much a victim as well as you were back then!"
"What?!" shouts 'U'. "How dare you?"
"I do dare!" Shigeko demanded with confidence. "If I'm understanding this so 
far, you are a victim to evolution on your world! The top species won!"
"Oh." says 'U' as she appeared to be calming down. "Just like you 'Homo 
Sapiens' wiped out the 'Neanderthals' all that time ago on this world, 'Miss 
Evolutionist'?"
"Well, yes. It happened and now sadly it is in our past. It's nature!" said 
Shigeko as she feels more confidants now that she believes is making a break through! 
"What you are doing in my opinion is wrong! Kiyone is not personally responsible for 
what has happen with your people!"
"Are you saying I'm an evil person?" asked 'U'. 
"Maybe." replied Shigeko. "That has yet to be seen in your actions!"
"Well, evil spelled backwards is live!" cries out 'U'. "And I do want to live!"
With that 'U' breaks free from her left arm from the band with little trouble, 
swats away the crystal like a bug which makes the rest of the energy bands faded 
away. She floats down to the ground and makes a 'soft landing' before Shigeko.
"By the Buddha!" cries out Shigeko in disbelief.
"I will leave with this body!" demanded 'U'. "Now!" 
"I won't let you!" says Shigeko holding up her arms out in front of 'possessed' 
alien female humanoid. "Not with Kiyone's body!"
"Step aside, lady!" says 'U' with demand.
"Make me!" Shigeko replies angrily. 
"Devil's whore!" shouts 'U' cruelly.
"Soul killer!" protested Shigeko back.
"BEE-YACH!!!" they both shout at the same time together at each other!
" Let's 'get serous!' says 'U' as she "flicks off the finger" at Shigeko, then 
her host body begins to glow with a green light. In such away it looked like as if 
many tiny stars covered her for a second as they started from her feet the move up to 
the end of her hair! At the same time a ball of green light materializes from the 
ground and spins around Kiyone's body like a comet in the pattern of an atoms 
electrons!
Shigeko jumps back a little then calls upon her own magic for aid!
Using Kiyone's body as a vessel,'U' shoots the 'comet' right at Shigeko! 
Shigeko was able to summed a counterspell. A 'force shield' just in time and 
the energy is dispersed! 
'U' tries again. This time using both hands, 'U' shoots out a pair of focus 
beams of pure energy at the young magic user!
Again Shigeko's magic holds as the beams 'bounce off' the shield! However, the 
beams themselves break apart in mid-air into many smaller ones and rain down on 
Shigeko who in turns shapes her shield into an umbrella overhead and the energy beams 
that lands on it dispersed as well!
That is until some of the beams that miss her shield strike the floor she was 
on and it makes small explosion strong enough to knock her down to the ground hard!
The next thing she sees as she looks up is a large, dark green, female werewolf 
as it comes jumping out of the gray smokes that was before her and then goes through 
her shield as if it was never there!
The furry beast lands on top of Shigeko and forces her to hold it off from 
harming her as it looms near her face! 
"HA!" cries out the werewolf. "Just as I thought! Your shield was only made for 
your protection against my kind of power and nothing else! You were not able to make 
it be a weapon of a 'physical attack' as well! You are indeed just a young one at 
this art! An apprentice!"
Shigeko recognizes the strange two voices 'speaking as one' coming from the 
werewolf. The ones belonging to Kiyone and 'U'.
"We end this now!" says 'U'. "You are not my enemy and I don't want to kill 
you."
'U' put one claw-like hand on Shigeko's face and casts a spell on her! The 
young sorceress feels numb all over her body as 'U' spell takes effect. She can't 
move at all!"
The werewolf stands up and looms over Shigeko, then something strange begins to 
happen to the werewolf.
"No!" it cries out as come back down and lands on it's knees between Shigeko 
who only can do is watch as the she-wolf struggles with itself.  "I won't let you 
take control! I will not! We're not ready!"
The werewolf falls down atop of Shigeko again only this time the beast is out 
cold!
Within a few seconds the werewolf shifts back to Kiyone's trueself.
Shigeko has an idea at what just has happen, but at this moment she is glad 
that is able to move a little as the spell is wearing off. However, she was not happy 
where Kiyone's head has landed on her. Right in between her full breasts.
"Why the hell can't you be a good looking guy?" Shigeko says with a sigh. "What 
a fantasy that would be!"
Shigeko began to 'feel' her right arm again and she was able to push Kiyone off 
of her and on to her back.
"Wild." says Shigeko as she looked over Kiyone's body. "'U' is a 'shapeshifter' 
of some kind all right! At least that what the scrolls describe her as! She changed 
Kiyone's true form without damaging her clothes. That can take time to learn. My 
grandmother said she can be a called a nemesis to us. But, I'm 'not her enemy' she 
says? This raises new questions!"
Without warning Kiyone wakes up, jumps atop of Shigeko, and aggressively holds 
her down on the damp ground.
"'U'?" asks Shigeko nervously as she looks up a very concerned Kiyone. 
"No." says Kiyone. "I'm in control now!"
"Oh, freaken, eh!" exclaims Shigeko. " That a relief! We have to talk! I think 
we have to compare notes about 'U'. She may not be at what is at hand here!"
"Get her out of me!" Kiyone pleads to the sorceress. "She must not live! She 
will make your people, the Weres' part of her army of darkness and destroy this 
world! You have to believe me!"
"I do!" replies Shigeko as Kiyone lets her stand up. "But, I need your help as 
well! Something is amok about her that does not make sense!"
"She must need my body because she and I from the same planet! It must be a 
'DNA' thing!" added Kiyone. "I will kill myself if I must stop her!"
Shigeko slaps Kiyone across the face as she could see Kiyone was getting to the 
point of being hysterical! A problem she has seen happen to were-creatures before 
having trouble adjusting to their 'other-selves'.
"No need to talk like that!" protested Shigeko.  "You think you're the only one 
with this trouble with 'U'? She has shown her face on this planet before and there 
has been a prophecy on her return! And I have been waiting all my life for her! I 
will help you rid of her, but, work with me! I can see it in your eyes that let's me 
see your soul inside of you that you are very strong in life and personality! Your 
talking is from fear which maybe just from folklore from YOUR world!"
Kiyone nods with a little shame about her behavior lately.
"I'm sorry. I'm just afraid at what I could become."
 "Forget about it!" Shigeko smiles back. "Now let's.."
Before Shigeko could finish her sentence, Kiyone puts her hands on her head and 
shows that she is under a lot of stress!
"She's coming back!" cries out Kiyone.
"Fight her!" orders Shigeko. "It's your body! You're the master!"
"I can't!" screams Kiyone. "She's stronger now! Too strong!!"
Shigeko tries to make a spell to help Kiyone, but, before the spell can be 
used. She watches in horror as Kiyone's cries out in pain.  Her blue cover-all rips a 
little away as her body's muscles increase in size and a pair of dark green wings 
that could belong to a demon sprouted from her back quickly!
Shigeko still 'throws' the spell at Kiyone who just flicks it off as if it was 
nothing!
"Enough of this woman's foolish words!" shouts the voice of just 'U's alone 
from Kiyone's body. "She knows nothing expect her own people's folklore!"
"Round two, hannya!" cries out Shigeko as she 'powers up' for the next fight!
"I don't have time for this!" shouts 'U' as she shoots out the most powerful 
energy blast yet! She fires upon the ceiling itself! This blows a huge hole to the 
surface above!
Shigeko runs for cover from the falling rocks and 'U' uses it as a chance to 
get away as she flies out through the hole and into the starry night sky!
"Where are you taking me?!" demanded Kiyone through her own mouth as she looks 
down at the city below her.
"There is something I want to see!" says 'U'. "Trust me!"


                                                              ******
               
           By: C.D.Powers
                   
                                                     
         End Part IV. Next: 'Fubar'

      ***************

          " Master! I'am your servant!" Renfield

     *****************

"How could this be happening to me
"I'm lying when I say "Trust me"
"I can't believe this it true
"Why does trust hurt
Trust equal suffering
Absolutely nothing we trust!

               "Trust"    MEGADETH  


**********************
"Evil spelled backwards is live!"  Mok.                                                                        


                   ********
                 Disclamer:  Pioneer LDC and AIC have the copyrights of the 
characters of the Tenchi Universe. All rights are reserved.
                 My story and it's characters are copyrighted 2001.
                 No profit is made by this work. Only as enterainment.


                                                                      
















