No Need for Friendship
By Around the Fur

    Here's the official sequal to "No Need for Sickness".  I only did it
because I got so many positive replies from it.  Some lemony-lime scenes,so
no one under 18.  And incase you're wondering,this one takes place about a
week after "No Need for Sickness"

The onsen...

    It had been a normal day for Ryoko.  She got up late,as usual,ate
breakfast,and went for an early bath.  She laid back in the warm water,naked
as usual,and breathed a sigh.
    "Ah,I should take a morning bath more often."
    "You should *bathe* more often." came Ayeka's voice from the women's
entrance.
    "Who invited *you* here?" Ryoko asked,annoyed that her bath had been
ruined.
    "It just so happens that today is a very special day.  You see,today is
the day I win Tenchi's heart!" Ayeka exclaimed triumphantly.  She calmed
down
and sat down across from Ryoko.
    "What makes you so sure *you're* going to win Tenchi's heart?"  spat
Ryoko.
    "Today I shall declare my love for him.  With my irresistable charm and
beauty,he won't be able to say 'no'!  Of course,catching him after sword
practice doesn't hurt." the last part Ayeka whispered to herself.
    "Alright Ayeka,I believe you.  But,hypothetically-" Ryoko began before
Ayeka interrupted.
    "Since when do you use words more than five letters long?"
    "Oh shut up.  Anyway,let's say you *do* win Tenchi over.  Just what
exactally are you going to do with him?  He's what,seventeen?  You *know*
what he has on his mind." explained Ryoko.
    "I don't believe you,Ryoko!  Tenchi would never think about that!" Ayeka
spat.  Ryoko smiled that devilish smile of hers.
    "Every eight seconds,you know.  You probably wouldn't know what to do
with him once you have him in bed..."
    "I would to!" Ayeka defended herself.  Ryoko's smile just widened.
    "You would?  Then tell me *all* about it."
    "Well,uh,according to Juraian customs,we would uh,that is..." Ayeka
stuttered.
    "Yes?"
    "You stick the uh,you know in the-the thing..."
    "No I don't know.  And what thing?"  Ryoko's smile widened so far that
it
looked like it would likely split her face in half.  Ayeka hung her head in
defeat.
    "You got me Ryoko,I don't know.  They never really taught us any of that
on Jurai." Ayeka said almost monotone.  Ryoko's face contorted,trying to
hold
back her emotions.  Not being able to hold back anymore,Ryoko burst out
laughing,grabbing her sides and falling into the water.  Ayeka's face grew
redder and redder each passing moment.
    "Oh,I'm sorry princess,I just find it funny that someone like you
doesn't
know about the best thing about life." Ryoko said,wiping a tear from her eye
as she sat back up.
    "Well exscuse *me* if *I* prefer to remain untouched!" Ayeka spat.
Ryoko
tried to collect herself.
    "What makes you think I'm not a virgin?" Ryoko asked,suddenly serious.
    "How could someone *not* think you're sullied?  I mean,you work so hard
to seduce Tenchi and all..."
    "That doesn't mean anything!  It just means that I love Tenchi and that
I
want him and only him!"
    "I wouldn't be surprised if it isn't like the Grand Canyon down
there..."
    "Stop it!  I'm telling you I'm saving myself for Tenchi!"  Ryoko's face
was down-trodden and on the verge of tears.
    "I'm pretty sure you know every men's room in each and every bar in the
galaxy!"  It was Ayeka's turn to laugh,and laugh she did.  Tears started to
slide down Ryoko's cheeks,running off and into the water.
    "I said stop it!  I would blast you clear off this planet if Tenchi
wouldn't kick me out!" cried Ryoko.  Sasami walked in just as Ryoko flew up
and disappeared,visibly crying.
    "Huh?  What's wrong with Ryoko?  What'd you do *this* time,Ayeka?"
Sasami
asked angrily.  Ayeka stopped laughing,and sat back down.
    "I'm serious,Ayeka!"
    "Why don't you go ask Ryoko?  She can tell you better than I can." Ayeka
managed as she tried to calm down and keep from laughing.  Sasami fumed and
went back to the house,deciding that she'd better talk to Ryoko.  In Ryoko's
room,the windows were shut and the curtains pulled tight.  The whole room
was
pitch black save for the dim lumination coming from the outside hall.  Ryoko
sat upright at the head of her bed,her knees drawn up to cover her
face,tears
streaking down her face to stain her clothes and sheets.  A knock at her
door
caught her attention.
    "Come in." came her weak reply.  The door slid open,and in walked
Sasami.
    "Hey Ryoko.  I came to see what's wrong.  What happened between you and
Ayeka?" she asked as she walked over to Ryoko's bed and sat down next to
her.
    "I can't quite tell you everything,but let's just say your sister was
being extra mean to me today." Ryoko managed to get out between sobs and
sniffles.
    "Oh,I see.  Ayeka can be really mean sometimes,but you just have to deal
with it.  I had to learn that the hard way..." Sasami trailed on.
    "I don't know,she said some pretty mean things to me back there.  She
really turned the tables on me,too."
    "She did?  What'd she say?"
    "Again,I can't quite tell you,considering your age,but she made fun of
me
in,how can I put this...*certain* ways."
    "Aw,I never get to hear any of the good stuff...  Anyway,you can't let
her get to you.  You stay here and I'll go see what I can do about it,kay?"
Sasami said.  Ryoko nodded with a "Sure." and the young princess bounded off
for her room.  Ryoko got up and looked in a mirror to straighten herself up.
She grabbed some tissues and wiped the tears from her face.
    *Sasami sure is being nice to me.  I wonder why?*  Ryoko wondered.  A
few
minutes later,Ayeka walked in,followed closely by Sasami,who was holding
something behind her.
    "Sasami,I really don't think this is necessary..." Ayeka started to
protest.
    "Uh uh,Ayeka.  You know the punishment."
    "But she's not even from Jurai!  She shouldn't even have a say in this!"
    "Oh calm down.  Anyway,Ryoko?
    "Yes?" Ryoko answered,walking over to the princess.
    "It's a Juraian custom to punish those who torment and insult other
people.  This is done by using the 'Royal Paddle of Apologies',which I hold
here.  Here ya go." Sasami said as she handed Ryoko a wicked-looking paddle.
It was roughly 1 1/2 feet long,and about 9 inches wide,with holes drilled in
it to aid in the process.
    "Tradition states that whoever is apologizing recieves five hits."
Sasami
recited from memory.  Ryoko had a devilish grin on her face,turning the
paddle over and over in her hand.
    "So how do I do it?  Just straight forward,or is there a special Juraian
technique?" Ryoko asked.  Sasami shook her head.
    "No,just straight forward whacking.  Alright Ayeka,bend over."  Ayeka
sighed,muttering under her breath before bending over.  Ryoko took a
position
behind her,and raised the paddle.  She brought it down on Ayeka's backside.
    "This isn't half-bad." Ryoko said before raising and bringing it down
again.  Ayeka flinched a little,but steeled herself to ignore the pain.
Finally,Ryoko brought the paddle down a fifth time,adding a little extra
strength to the final swing.
    "That should do it,Ryoko." Sasami said.
    "Do you mind if I keep this?" Ryoko asked anxiously.
    "Yes I do.  It's an important part of Juraian tradition,so give it up."
Sasami held up a hand,and Ryoko reluctantly handed the paddle over.  She
could have had some fun with Tenchi.  Ayeka stood up straight,which was
quite
a feat,considering what she just went through,and turned to face Ryoko.
    "Ryoko,I am deeply sorry about what I said in the onsen today.  Will you
please forgive me?" she pleaded.
    "Only as long as you admit that I *am* untouched."
    "Oh fine,you're untouched,and have always been since the day you were
born.  There,is that what you wanted to hear?  Can I go now?"  Ryoko
nodded,and Sasami lead Ayeka out.
    "Hey Ayeka?  What's 'untouched' mean?"
    "I'll explain later."
    "Oh my god!  I forgot about lunch!  I better go get things ready!"
Sasami rushed downstairs to the kitchen and started on lunch.  Ryoko smiled
and started to change.

Back in the onsen...

    Ryoko was back in the steaming waters of the floating onsen.  She,or
Ayeka and Sasami for that matter,had never finished bathing.  She laid back
and took a sip of sake from a small dish.  Sasami came in and joined the
space pirate.
    "Hey Sasami,do you mind if I ask you something?" Ryoko asked.  Sasami
nodded.
    "Go right ahead.  What'd you want to ask?"
    "I just wanted to know why you helped me out back there.  You don't
usually stand up for me."
    "Well,to tell you the truth,I'm really tired of you two fighting.  Why
can't you just be friends with her?"  Ryoko sighed,taking another sip before
answering.
    "I never really understood,but I think it has something to do with the
first day we met..."
    "You mean on Jurai?  Ayeka told me about you,and how you stole her
flower
ring.  That was awefully mean of you..."
    "Huh?  *She* stole the ring from *me*!  It's not my fault she takes
everything she can get her hands on!" Ryoko exclaimed.
    "Sorry,I didn't realize it was such a touchy subject.  Hey,you want to
know something?  That's not the first time that's happened to her.  One
time,waaaay back when we were still on Jurai,she would boss me around and
make me do her chores for her.  I told Daddy and she got in big trouble."
    "I always said she was a bit pushy." Ryoko said as Ayeka walked in.
Ryoko noticed she was walking funny,and had trouble sitting down.  Ryoko
sighed.
    "I really hate to see you like this,princess.  Tell you what,if I heal
you,will you promise to stop making fun of me?" Ryoko proposed.
    "Sounds good,but how do I know you'll keep your end of the deal?" Ayeka
questioned.
    "I'll do it right now,okay?  Now stand over there and turn around."
Ryoko
ordered.  Ayeka reluctantly did as she was told and stood a good distance
from Ryoko and turned around.  Ryoko frowned.
    "Take your towel off.  I can't do it if you're covered up,you know..."
Ayeka grumbled and slid her towel off.
    "Alright now.  Washu taught me this a while ago,and I've been wanting to
try it out.  Now,to my understanding,this'll either heal you or blow the
lower half of your body off."
    "What?!  Are you mad?!"
    "Geez,I was just kidding.  Now just relax..." Ryoko said as she summoned
an energy ball.  She focused on it,her face stern in concentration.  The
energy ball slowly turned from orange to white,and then to a pale green.
Ryoko carefully let it go,letting it drift towards Ayeka.  It eventually
reached her,and a blinding white light surrounded Ayeka.  The light
faded,and
the princess reappeared.  Ayeka looked behind her,and was shocked.
    "It worked!  It actually worked!"  she exclaimed in joy.
    "What do you say,Ayeka?" Sasami asked sternly.
    "Oh,right.  Thank you,Ryoko.  You never cease to amaze me."
    "No problem.  I figured I'd do something nice to you for once." Ryoko
said as she sat back down and winked at Sasami.

Later that day...

    Tenchi walked up the path to his house.  He was surprised to see that
Ryoko hadn't met him up the path.
    "*Hmm,that sure is odd.  Ryoko always meets me around here.* Tenchi
thought to himself.  He went inside,and was met by Sasami.
    "Oh,hey Sasami."
    "Hey,Tenchi!" Sasami greeted him with a hug,"How was your day?"
    "Fine,and yours?"
    "It was fine.  Oh hey,guess what Ryoko and Ayeka did today..."  Tenchi
frowned.  He was *really* hoping they hadn't fought today.
    "Here,tell me later,I have to go get changed." Tenchi said as he went
upstairs.  Ryo-ohki appeared next to Sasami and bounded up onto her head.
    "Miya miya?" she asked.
    "I'll wait for him to come back down."
    "Miya!"
    "What?  You're hungry again?  You just ate a little while ago!"
    "Miya miya!  Miya!"
    "Oh fine.  I'll go fix you something." Sasami said as she headed for the
kitchen to fix Ryo-ohki something to eat.  Ryoko appeared next to her.
    "Hey Sasami,how about you go watch t.v. and I fix Ryo-ohki something to
eat?" she asked.  Sasami thought about it for a second.
    "I don't know,I'd be worried about Ryo-ohki if *you* fed her,no
offense."
    "Please?  I need to talk to her for a second."
    "Oh alright,just fix her some carrots,you shouldn't be able to screw
*that* up." Sasami said as she walked out of the kitchen and into the den.
    "Miya?" Ryo-ohki asked.
    "I need to ask you a favor..."
    "Miya!"
    "You don't even know what it is yet!  Just let me tell you,okay?" Ryoko
pleaded.  Ryo-hki nodded.
    "It's like this.  I want to borrow you for a while so I can kidnap
Tenchi-"
    "Miya!"
    Hold on,just let me finish.  If you do this for me,I'll give you,lesse
now,one ton of carrots."  Ryo-ohki shook her head.
    "How about two?  Three?" Ryoko offered.  Ryo-ohki finally gave in.
    "Miya.  Miya miya!"
    "Oh fine,I promise I won't hurt him,alright?"
    "Miya!"
    "Then it's settled.  We leave tomorrow,alright?  Oh,and here's your
food."  Ryoko threw Ryo-ohki a plate of chopped carrots.  Ryo-ohki purred
and
chowed down.  Ryoko patted her on the head.
    "That's my little spaceship..."

Meanwhile,in the den...

    Sasami was flipping through channels when Tenchi came down the stairs.
    "Oh,hey Tenchi!"
    "Hey Sasami.  What'd you want to tell me?"
    "Oh right.  That. Well..." Sasami explained everything that had happened
that morning.
    "Wow,so Ryoko did that?  I had no idea she could.  She's been pretty
nice
to Ayeka lately,I've noticed.  I wonder what's going on..." Tenchi pondered
as Ayeka came downstairs.
    "Hello Lord Tenchi." she said as she sat down on the couch.
    "Hey Miss Ayeka.  Sasami told me all about what happened today..."
    "She did?!  Sasami,you shouldn't tell people things like that!"
    "It's okay,Miss Ayeka.  I thought it was really nice of Ryoko to help
you.  How did you hurt yourself,anyway?"  Sasami winked at Ayeka.
    "Oh,uh that?  I uh,fell down the stairs this morning,that's all." Ayeka
covered up.
    "I gotta get to work in the fields now.  See you later!" Tenchi called
as
he left.  Ayeka breathed a sigh of relief and sat down next to her sister.
    "At least you didn't tell him *everything*." she said,partially annoyed.
She picked up the remote and flipped through the channels until she got to
her show,something about a girl with pink hair and swords and lots of rose
petals.

Later,out in the carrot fields...

    Tenchi tossed a few more carrots into the basket and leaned against his
hoe,wiping sweat from his brow.
    "You're cute when you're sweaty,but kinda smelly." Ryoko's voice came
from behind him.  She wrapped her arms around his torso and kissed his neck.
    "Cut that out,Ryoko.  Here,help me with these baskets." Tenchi said as
he
handed Ryoko a basket full of carrots.  Ryoko hoisted it up with ease and
began to float past Tenchi.
    "Stop that!  What if someone drives past and sees you?" Tenchi
complained.
    "Geez,you need to relax.  No one's gonna see,I promise."
    "Oh alright.  I just don't want to explain why a woman is floating
through the air carrying a basket full of carrots with one hand." Tenchi
sighed.  After putting up the carrots,Tenchi went inside and got ready to
take a bath.  He sat down in the warm water and let out a sigh of relief.
It
had been weeks since he had been able to relax,what with the war over his
heart going on between Ryoko and Ayeka.  He just wished he could work up the
courage to tell them that he didn't love one over the other.  At that
moment,Ryoko phased in front of Tenchi.
    "Huh?  Ryoko,please leave me alone,I just need to relax." Tenchi
muttered.
    "What?  Tenchi,I just wanted to ask you something..."
    "Fine.  What is it?"
    "How about you and me go on a trip to space?  It'll be fun,I promise!"
    "I don't know.  You're not going to...you know,are you?"
    "What do you mean?" Ryoko said,smiling.
    "You're not going to..."
    "Fuck your brains out?  Of course I am!  That's the whole point!"
    "Well,I was hoping you wouldn't say that..." Tenchi said,twidling his
fingers.
    "But I wanna show you how much I love you!  I *do* love you,you know."
    "I know I know.  Fine,I'll go,but only if you promise not to...you
know."
    "Why don't you just say it?  You're not afraid to,are you?  Here,let me
help you."  Ryoko grabbed Tenchi's lips
    "I'm Tenchi and I want to fuck your brains out,Ryoko." Ryoko moved his
lips as she impersonated his voice.  She sighed and sank into the water next
to Tenchi.
    "I don't know what to do with you,Tenchi," she said almost
hopelessly,"You won't proclaim your love for me,you just barely agree to go
with me to space,and you won't even let me have sex with you!"
    "Well I uh,I was hoping to save it for when I get married..." Tenchi
said
meekly.
    "Oh don't be such a wuss!  Anyway,we leave tomorrow."
    "Tomorrow?  I have school tomorrow!"
    "Is school so important that you won't spend some time with me?"
    "Yes,it is.  I want to get a good education so I can get a good job so I
can make a lot of money so I can support our family when we get married!"
Tenchi exclaimed,too exaperated to realize what he had just said.  Tears
swelled up in Ryoko's eyes.
    "You-you mean you want to marry me?" she managed to get out,"Oh Tenchi!
I love you too!"
    "Wait a second!  I didn't mean it like that!"
    "It sure sounded like it to me." Ryoko said,crushing Tenchi with another
hug.


Later that night...

    Tenchi stared up at his ceiling,trying to get to sleep.  What *had* he
meant back in the onsen?  Did he really love Ryoko that much?  He decided
he'd find out on the trip Ryoko had forced him into.  How would he explain
why he missed the last few days at school?  Would they believe him if he
said
he went into space with a sexy pirate?
    *Nah.  I'll just say I was sick.*  Meanwhile,in Ryoko's room,Ryoko
wondered almost the same thing.  Did Tenchi really mean what he said back at
the onsen?  She kept staring at him all through dinner with wistful,hopeful
eyes,but he just ignored her.
    *This trip'll set him straight.  Yeah,that's it.*  Ryoko lost her train
of thought when someone knocked on her door.
    "Come in." Ryoko replied.  Sasami walked through the doorway,almost
crying.
    "What's the matter?
    "I had a bad dream,and when I woke up,Ayeka wasn't there," Sasami
said,sniffling,"Can I sleep with you tonight?"
    "Sure,come here." Ryoko said,letting Sasami slip into bed with her.
    "I was really scared,Ryoko.  Where could Ayeka be?"
    "She's probably just out taking a walk.  Now then,try to get to
sleep,okay?"
    "Okay.  Thanks,Ryoko.  Uh,Ryoko?  Why are you naked?"
    "Oh,uh,I just sleep that way.  It's getting really warm out." Ryoko said
nervously.  She always             slept naked,but this was the only time
she
ever had to explain why...
    "Good night,Sasami."
    "Good night,Ryoko."  A moment later,Ryoko felt Sasami sit up and tap her
on the shoulder.
    "What is it,Sasami?"
    "This is kinda embarassing,but you know what you did a few days ago?
Could we maybe try it again some time?"
    "I don't know.  What if Ayeka found out?  We'd be in a lot of
trouble..."
    "Please,Ryoko?  I promise no one will find out!"
    "Why are you so interested in this anyway?" Ryoko asked.
    "It's just that,well,I'd never felt anything like that before,and it
felt
so good.  I'm affraid if I ask someone like Ayeka to help me,she'll scold
me,and if I ask Washuu..."  Sasami shuddered at the mention of Washuu's
name.
    "Oh alright,I promise to help you out,but after I get back." Ryoko
promised.
    "'Get back'?  Where are you going?"
    "I'm going out into space with Tenchi.  He seems so stressed-out,so I
thought I might help him."
    "That's really nice of you Ryoko.  Wait,he *knows* he's going,right?"
Ryoko nodded.
    "Promise to tell me all about it when you get back.?"
    "I promise.  Now go to sleep,it's getting late."  Ryoko kissed Sasami on
the forehead and began to go to sleep.  Sasami sighed and fell asleep in
Ryoko's arms.

    And that's the first part.  Hope you enjoyed it!  As always,I'm open for
suggestions and comments at Foxsmarty@aol.com.  I seem to have opened up my
fanbase by adding Sasami to the lemon scene.  Not one flame!
