Tenchi Muyo Lemon
Marc Tuijtelaers, started 15th of June 2001

This is a fanfic revolving around the story-line of Tenchi Muyo, the one wherein 
Ryoko was the demon imprisoned in the cave (Yeah I forget which storyline is 
which all the time). I must say that I do not know the complete story of TM and 
the follow up stories and all the alternate realities. And as it is only fan 
fiction this is no claim to the ownership of the TM crew. Tough I do ask that 
any new characters I create are not used for other stories, as most of them are 
partly or completely real life people.

This story is a lemon with the following tags. [mf] [mff] [fusion]
Conventions: 
< ... > thoughts.
* ... * Quick action/emphasis/sounds.

In short: This story resolves around a family-member from a non-japanese branch 
who shows up one day. And he of course gets involved with the girls. He also 
brings with him some problems from home and abroad.


No need for relatives
Chapter one.


A long staircase, connecting the masaki house to the street side. Once a day 
after the mailman had shown up someone has to go all the way down to get the 
mail. Last few days it had been Ryoko who could do this far faster and with less 
effort than the rest, but today Aeka had to get the mail.
Trotting down leisurely, enjoying the good weather. <The weather truly is 
different here. This planet really should hurry up and devellop global climate 
control.> She looks down the hill as she sees an earthly vehicle driving off 
from the base of the stair. A taxi she recognizes. <Could there be another guest 
today?>
Nearly downstairs she sees someone passing the gate and starting to climb up the 
stairs with a big case.
"Welcome, I'm Aeka. And who are you?" Of course talking in Japanese.
"Excuse me... Ehrm Aeka I think... I don't know Japanese too well, do you speak 
English?" She listens to the young man now looking at her. It's a white-skinned 
male with dark-brown hair, nearly golden looking. Tall, even when compared to 
someone like Yosho. Luckily she had learned English and several other human 
languages during her travel to earth yet it took some time to recall.
"Oh, welcome, I'm Aeka as you had heard correctly. And who are you?" 
"My fair lady Aeka, I'm Marcus, Marcus van Gestel. I thank you for the honour of 
meeting you." Bowing a bit, kissing her hand while still keeping the large green 
chest on his back with his other hand. <Hmm, a gentlemen all right.> 
"Is Tenchi Masaki at home?" He looks up at her and smiles. *GRMBL* He looks down 
at his stomach.
"Why yes, he's upstairs in the home preparing for dinner. Would you care to join 
us?"
"Indeed, that was my plan in the first place." Looking at her with a bit tilted 
head. "He didn't receive my letter, did he?"
"Letter?" She walks over to the mailbox and opens it. Running through the few 
pamphlets she doesn't see any letter. Then her eye falls on a bit of white from 
under a nearby bush, she goes over and picks it up. When she looks at who send 
it she recognizes the name Marcus on it. The writing is stylish and somehow 
familiar. Thinking she realized it to be similar to the writing of Nobiyuki.
"Would you please follow me?" Aeka asks him and walks up the stairs. While 
walking up she occasionally looks back to see if he can keep up with that big 
case. <Maybe it's empty?>
Once at the top Mihoshi stands at the port enjoying the sun while waiting for 
Sasami and Tenchi to finish preparing dinner. Today Tenchi had decided to help 
Sasami, taking hints from his grandfather to try to learn more from the girls.
She greets Aeka as she passes her and walks inside even tough Aeka barely takes 
notice of her. She then looks at the person following her. He puts down the case 
and stretches. She looks at his face and is puzzled. He really looks like 
someone she knows. <Hmm, maybe he is someone from town?>

Mihoshi follows the gaijin inside as he walks into the room. He clearly is 
puzzled by all the girls inside the room. Aeka and Ryoko already in a quarrel, 
Washu was quietly sitting down at the table. Washu looks at Mihoshi and then at 
the young man. She stands up and gets an extra plate for him. Sasami and Tenchi 
are just bringing in the food to the table. Mihoshi notes how the young man 
started grinning and walked up to Tenchi.
"Tenchi... Ohaio wasn't it? Good to see you." Tenchi surely looked puzzled. Then 
Katsuhiro walked in.
"Is that you Marcus?" He smiles, walks over to Marcus and shakes him the hand, 
ignoring traditional greetings. "Everyone. May I have your attention please?" 
Everyone listened, even Ryoko and Aeka. "May I introduce you to one of our 
family members, Marcus van Gestel."

Everyone really went silent looking slightly dazed.
"Family member?" Aeka looked totally amazed.
"A gaijin?" Ryoko added. Katsuhiro frowned at that.
<Another source of samples.> Washu grins.
"Welcome to the masaki household." Sasami cheers.
"Myaa." Ryo-Ohki adds, causing Marcus to jump seeing the little alien cabbit.
"What the?" Marcus looks puzzled, now also noting the looks of the girls.
"So you're some kind of nephew?" Tenchi asks.
"..." Both Mihoshi and Marcus.

"Ten years after Yosho defeated the demon a part of the Masaki family went to 
Europe, following the path of chivalry instead of Bushido. Marcus is of the same 
generation as Tenchi, but of the European branch of the family." Katsuhiro 
proclaims. "I even believe Marcus is a squire of a traditions organisation; the 
Dragon Knights Order?"
He nods. "Actually, I've become a full fledged member."
Aeka blushes. <Another young warrior Masaki. This one isn't as docile as Tenchi 
it seems to me, maybe I can turn Ryoko's attention on him? Then I can have 
Tenchi all for myself.>
All sit down and Marcus sits in between Mihoshi and Washu. He smiles obviously 
enjoying the presence of the beautiful girls. "So you turned out to be a real 
ladies man, Tenchi. Even tough last time I saw you, you were already hanging on 
to girls. Achika that was." Smiling.
Even Tenchi could grin at that remark. "So you have been here before?"
"Hey? Where's your dad?" Marcus asks trying to change the subject, having 
forgotten that Achika had died shortly after he went back to the Netherlands.
"Still at work."
"Yeah, even when you were just a baby and I a little boy he already put most of 
his time in his job."

A few hours later and a lot of recollections, especially about the happenings in 
the Masaki household.
Marcus sat there, partly dazed and gaping at the girls. "So none of these pretty 
girls are human? And neither are you completely?" He falls over laughing. "Aeka 
and Sasami are actually relatives to you? Wow." Looking at Aeka. "I'm pleased to 
meet you your majesty." As a reaction to his far to big glee Aeka only sneers at 
him.
Mihoshi sits down next to him. "And do you really think we look pretty?"
"If all alien girls are as beautiful as you Mihoshi I would say that space is 
Heaven." His eyes being locked with Mihoshi's. "Yes, heaven."
Mihoshi giggles and blushes extremely, grasps his arm and kisses him on the 
cheek. "Thank you."
Tenchi almost takes a jealous look. Aeka looks partly joyed. <one down, a couple 
more to push to him.> Ryoko also blushed a bit, enjoying this Tenchi with dare 
thinking <I really would like it if Tenchi came forward that easily too>. Washu 
was sunk in thoughts, he looked a bit more clearheaded than Tenchi and wouldn't 
be trapped that easy and might actually be strong enough to break out of light 
confinement. Sasami was just glad for meeting a new family member. <I hope he is 
just as nice as Tenchi is.> Mihoshi ponders.
"All right. So this lil' guy here is a space-ship which uses carrots for fuel." 
He grins. "Very ecological. And cute." Picking up the cabbit. "Myaa."
"Even tough not very cheap, with the amount of carrots she eats." Tenchi adds.

"Well, it seems my letter did come a bit late and got lost at the mail-box." 
Marcus and Tenchi are the only two left in the living room. "So you want to stay 
here for a few days? That's fine with me, but why if I may ask?"
"I was hoping for some training." Looking outside at the shrine.
"Training? You mean sword-fighting?"
"Affirmative. Even tough my style and choice of weapon is very different I 
should be capable of learning something here." He walks over to the big case. 
After having rummaged a bit in it he walks back to Tenchi, bearing his weapon. 
Tenchi jumps at the sight of it.
"If you are going to train against Katsuhiro... He's going to beat the crap out 
of you. No way that you can hit him with that... Way to slow." Looking at the 
five feet claymore in Marcus's hand.
<Hmm, wait a minute, isn't he holding that thing in one hand?!?>
"You sure about that." A quick sling and a few hairs of Tenchi fall before him 
on the ground.
"No way."
"It's not an old-fashioned one. It's made out of Titanium and weighs very 
little." He hands the sword to Tenchi. He weighs it and finds it to be only a 
bit heavier than a katana. "It's form is computer designed for air resistance 
like a sports car. It's custom made for Dragon Knights."
"Hmm, Katsuhiro is in for a surprise." Tenchi grins, knowing better.

Mihoshi and Sasami are busy in the kitchen cleaning up. While Sasami is doing 
the actual cleaning Mihoshi appears to be daydreaming.
"Mihoshi, what are you looking at?" She looks in the direction and sees Marcus 
with the claymore and Tenchi checking it out. <I hope they don't get into any 
arguments.>
Mihoshi stops her gazing and continues to clean up the last few items.

"So where is he going to sleep Tenchi?" Sasami walks up to the duo. "I don't 
know Sasami. We don't actually have any spare chambers anymore."
"He can stay in my room." Blurts Mihoshi out before she actually thinks about 
it.
"Maybe he can better sleep on the couch tonight and we'll rig something up 
tomorrow." Feeling a bit threatened Tenchi grumbles.
"I don't mind sleeping in her room." Smiling. "I can control myself well 
enough."
Tenchi goes a bit white and Sasami smiles. "Now you two don't do anything 
naughty."
Marcus walks over to the case and gets a bag from it with a bedroll in it. 
"Where's the room?" Mihoshi gleefully pulls him along upstairs.
"You can't be serious about this Marcus?... Marcus??" Seeing him walking 
upstairs. "He is serious..." He turns his head at Sasami. "I'm almost feeling 
jealous." Sasami giggles from that remark. "I wish I was so brave..."

Next morning at breakfast. All but Washu are at the table.
"So how was your night with Mihoshi?" Sasami quips. All the others but Mihoshi 
stare at Marcus.
"Well, after I dressed for the night I went over to Mihoshi... Kissed her 
goodnight and went to sleep." Mihoshi nods at that and smiles.
"Ahh." Sasami pouts and puts the last bottle of milk on the table.
"Can anyone get Washu?" Sasami looks at Tenchi. 
"I'll go." Marcus volunteers. He looks at the bit frightened and now relieved 
face of Tenchi. <What's wrong with Washu to get him so high sprung?>

The wall with the portal as Washu had shown him the day before. <Hmm, three 
nocks here and it should appear.> Knocking three times at the wall. A black door 
appears. Marcus walks in and is amazed by the gigantic room he observes. He sees 
a big garden with a strange tree at it's centre. Then he hears some sounds 
coming from a place where a lot of machines are standing. Brisling among those 
machines he sees a lot of red hair.
"Washu?" He walks up to the red haired girl. She turns around proving to him 
that she isn't a girl, but a full grown woman. "Oh my, you're beautiful. Is that 
really you Washu?" Looking at Washu in adult form.
She blushes a bit. "Yes Marcus, this is the real me."
Looking a bit confused. "Then why the girl look?"
"That has it's reasons."
Nodding.
"Now, would you please be so kind and help me for a minute." A bit of a grin is 
developing on the red minx's face. "It's a general measurement of your physical 
and mental capabilities so I can compare it to Tenchi's, Yosho's and Nobiyuki's. 
I'm interested in the effects of human DNA together with that of Juraian."
"Fine."
"Please step over here." She guides him over to a chair and puts on several 
electrodes of alien design. "You won't notice a thing." She pushes some buttons 
on her console and readouts are flashing over the screen. "That completes that. 
Now only one more thing." She pushes a few buttons and the electrodes fall off. 
"The last thing I need is some genetic material." She walks over to him and 
casually sits down on his lap, gleeful to feel his hard-on pressing into her 
through the fabric. He only frowns at her. "The best genetic material I can use 
I can get from a sperm sample." Saying with a very hot tone. He looks into her 
eyes.
"You can have some later if you really want some, but now a lot of people are 
waiting for us for breakfast." He lifts her up, stands up and puts her down in 
front of him.
A bit disappointed she walks after him. During the walk changing from woman to 
girl.
Before they enter the door. "Washu, are you girls physically like humans? 
Considering that Tenchi is part Juraian."
"Yes."
Smiling "How come?"
"As far as I know a now extinct race once sowed the seeds for life on several 
worlds, the end result of evolution being very similar humanoids which can 
actually interbreed."

Back at the table Tenchi looks as Marcus sits down even without a hint of worry. 
<Now that spooks me, maybe she isn't interested in him. Lucky bastard.>
Ryoko whispers into Washu's ear. "What did you do to him? He smells as if he's 
very aroused."
Whispering back. "A side effect of the measurements I just took of his physical 
and mental capabilities for my research."
"Don't give me that crap, I know what you are trying to do with Tenchi. You're 
probably trying exactly the same thing on Marcus."
"I tried, a bit more subtle than I did with Tenchi. He agreed to allow me to 
take a sample after breakfast." Sipping on her milk.
Ryoko just freezes. "He.. he.. AGREED?"
"He's very different from Tenchi. This boy simply put lacks shyness, my guess 
would be that he isn't a virgin like Tenchi."
"Oohh, and I really hoped so that I could have him first." Mihoshi whispers and 
pouts, revealing that she had been listening in on the conversation.
Both Ryoko and Washu face fault. The rest looks a bit puzzled.
<Hmm, Mihoshi is probably going to come in at the most inappropriate moment as 
usual. Maybe I can make use of that.> Washu giggles in herself.

After breakfast Marcus first unpacks the green chest and brings the individual 
luggage to Mihoshi's room where he is going to stay for the next few nights. The 
chest is put outside. Thinking about what Sasami asked before breakfast. <If I 
wouldn't have been so tired I might have...> Grinning.

After that he walks into the lab of Washu. <A promise is a promise.> He looks a 
bit surprised tough. In the lab at a big console is Washu in her girl form busy 
typing something and bit further he sees a big bed with someone sitting on the 
edge of the bed. Mihoshi, and she's completely naked. She looks at what Washu is 
typing and shoves her clothing a bit more aside.
"Ello?" He looks a bit awkward, not at all expecting to see Mihoshi here, not in 
this situation. Realizing why she is here he smiles. <Well, I don't have to ask 
Mihoshi anymore about how she thinks about me. I still doubt that it's anything 
more than physical attraction. Then again, normally I am not so quick with girls 
either. Hmm... Maybe it's an alien chick thing?>
The two girls look over at him. Washu is glad that he isn't even making any 
gestures of turning around. "I hope you don't mind that Mihoshi has volunteered 
to help with gathering the sample."
"I certainly don't mind at all." Walking over to Mihoshi and giving her a kiss 
on the forehead. "I only thought you wanted to get the sample yourself."
Washu looks down at her feet. <Darn, he's really willing. Maybe, oh what the 
heck. I'll join in.> "Well, I knew Mihoshi wanted you first so I asked her." 
Coming up with a good excuse.

The bed's occupant is slightly caressing her right nipple. A nipple, a bit more 
darker than the rest of the dusky skin surrounding it. Like a strawberry on top 
of a perfectly round breast, pointing slightly upwards. Stiff from the care it 
is receiving from two fingers. Marcus observes.
He walks over to her and drops on one knee. Quickly giving a lick over her other 
nipple with a big glee. The touch making her go "Ah.. please.. go on." 
Responding with putting his mouth around her areola and wrapping his agile 
tongue around her nipple. His other hand moves down in between her thighs. A 
finger massaging her labia causing her to moan a bit.
He continues to suckle until he notes a special taste... <MILK?> Greedily he 
suckles even more. Going to the other breast to redo the entire act on it. <Hmm, 
has a slight sweet taste.>
After a few minutes of 'milking' he releases the nipple some milk spilling over 
her breast and looks at her. His face near to Mihoshi, only a few seconds pass 
until their mouths find each other. His hands behind her head he pulls loose the 
ribbon keeping up Mihoshi's hair. He had seen it the night before, how beautiful 
it looked when loose and flowing.
Resuming his fingering he becomes bolder, rubbing her lovenub with his index-
finger making her moan louder and louder. She shifts her hips to meet the 
fingers more and allowing them to slip into her pussy.
Mihoshi starts kissing and slightly nipping down his neck, ever so often loosing 
contact to shiver in pleasure. 

He releases her and stands up, pulling his shirt over his head revealing 
something Washu hadn't noticed yet (and Mihoshi neither). His hair doesn't only 
grow on his head to a normal length, but also along his back giving him the 
appearance of having a mane like a lion. <First those fangs I noted during 
breakfast, like Mihoshi and Ryoko have. Now this strange hair growth. I really 
should check up on the measurements I took and the sample. Oh yeah, I have to 
give him that condom yet.>

"Mihoshi, please lay back."
She eagerly lays back, spreading her legs, giving him a perfect view. <Either 
she shaves or she lacks hair growth there.> He dives in between her legs and 
starts sucking on her clit. 
A loud squeal of surprise and delight makes him go even faster. He tastes her 
juices. <Delicious. It's sweeter than Nathalie's. Or Ramona, actually, I haven't 
tasted anything this good yet. Oh, I'm really lucky... Oh she's like.. Niagara 
Falls.>
He gladly laps up what she is giving him, careful not to lap up too much for 
later.
"Oh... OOhhh, ah... P.please.. take me... now.."
He gets up and removes his pants and boxers. Releasing his risen member from 
it's imprisonment. He moves over to Mihoshi, but is held back from behind, a 
pair of arms encircling his waist. He looks down and sees a condom being put 
over his member. He feels bare skin rubbing his back making his erection even 
larger. (Mihoshi looks even happier now.) Behind him is Washu in her adult form. 
She whispers into his ears. "Go ahead and enjoy... I know I would." She releases 
her grip and slaps his buttocks. He nearly falls into Mihoshi from that, quickly 
catching himself on the bed before he would actually hurt Mihoshi. His cockhead 
on the other hand is in a very pleasant place, just inside her.
"Oeehh."
<She feels like silk inside there. Ahh.. p.per.fect.> Moving deeper into her 
now. He frenches her deeply at the same time. Going until he is inside until the 
base of his shaft, barely from her wombs entrance, filling her up to the max.
<It's as if he's made for my love-hole, a perfect fit.> Mihoshi squirms in 
pleasure. He goes back. <No, don't leave me empty.> And goes back. <YEEESSS.> 
She feels the warmth inside herself building with each pumping motion, quickly 
coming to her peak. Her hands grab behind her and she clasps the cloth over the 
matras.
"YEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS.... Oh aaaaaaaaah... Maaarkhh." She screams as she 
climaxes. His pumping prolonging the feeling. His looks are clear he's soon to 
come too.
He nearly immediately comes as he feels his balls being fumbled by Washu's hand 
while she leans over him, massaging his back with her breasts and long hair.
Shifting his weight on one arm he puts next to Mihoshi's body, the other moving 
backwards meeting with Washu's slim belly. Moving a bit down, passing the soft 
bush of hair, the feel revealing that it had been trimmed and shaped into 
something square-shaped (a trapezoid he later discovered), he finally reaches 
her sex.
Washu, completely off-guard, moans as he starts pleasing her. She then feels a 
leg rubbing her leg, Mihoshi smiles at her as she tries to caress her too while 
still enjoying the feeling inside of her. Now going for a second round of 
orgasm.
The red minx feels his balls turn slightly warmer as he start releasing his seed 
into Mihoshi. Barely without a gruff continuing his pumping motion as Mihoshi 
comes for a third time, even more powerful than the two times before as she 
feels the extra warmth inside of her.
He releases Washu and rolls on his back, taking Mihoshi with him, making her 
fall flat on his muscled chest. She rest for a moment before she moves up to 
release him from her love hole. Her satisfied grin telling enough.

Washu looks a bit disappointed having been brought to such a high.
Marcus stands up and removes the condom, knotting it and laying it on the desk 
next to Washu's laptop. Washu then dips it into an instant freeze gizmo.
"Washu, would you please lay down on the bed too?" He looks over at her and then 
at Mihoshi who nods eagerly. <I really have to thank Washu for this and I think 
I know what Marcus wants to do.>
Washu smiles and lies down on the bed. Mihoshi rolls over on her belly next to 
Washu with her head on the same 'height' as Washu's lovely and very large 
breasts. <Wow, they are really big.> The dark girl starts sucking on one nipple, 
even tough a bit uneasy, having never before tasted another girl.
At the same time Marcus moves between Washu's legs and laps at her sex.
Washu who's already very far only takes a minute of this before she climaxes, 
actually spraying her come all over Marcus's face. He looks surprised at Washu. 
<Well, that's a new thing.>
He slows down his tongue motions until Washu stops shaking.

Standing back up Mihoshi looks at his wet face and then at the satisfied Washu. 
She stands up too and starts licking up the juices on his face, ending with a 
long kiss.

"We better clean up and go back up, the others might wonder." He proclaims and 
puts back on his clothing.
Mihoshi, for once very clear minded follows up on him. Washu follows up a bit 
later. (Needs to catch her breath, been so long.)
They quickly dress up and head up. "So where can I clean up here? Shower, 
bathtub?"
"Oh, we have better than that?" Washu quips.
"Who wants to go first?"
"First? We can all go in at the same time. It's large enough for every person in 
the house at the same time." Washu proclaims proudly. "But the male and female 
bathrooms are separated." At the cupboard Washu stops and pulls out some towels 
and hands them out.
After a brief explanation of the system they all take a bath.

An hour later Marcus, Mihoshi, Ryoko, Aeka and Tenchi are sitting in the living 
room.
Aeka notes that Ryoko is sniffing the air a bit, once she stops she just frowns 
and grumbles. "Look at the demon woman, sniffing like a dog."
"Say you prudent princes, what I do, I do for a reason. You just aren't blessed 
with a perfect working nose."
Tenchi already starts shuffling away, knowing that a fight is on hand. "Girls." 
His voice fades when the crackling of a force field fills the air.
Marcus gazes at the warring girls. "What the?" Mihoshi hugs him, not aware of 
the impending danger.
The first energy bolt slams into the force field and bounces into the general 
direction of Tenchi, who quickly jumps away and runs out of the living room. The 
impact on the wall leaves a big hole. Seeing this Marcus picks up Mihoshi and 
runs after Tenchi.

Outside the fight is still audible. Marcus looks puzzled at Tenchi. Mihoshi 
blushes while being carried in his arms. "Is this 'normal'?"
"Yep." Tenchi sighs. "They have been at this even when they were young according 
to them. They have some personal grudge against each other. And as each one of 
them wants me, even tough it's just to harass the other." He nearly pulls out 
some hairs. "I just am not sure what they really want."
"Sucks big time." Marcus has a concerned look, feeling a bit like a big bro. 
"Maybe I can find out."
Tenchi smiles. "You can put her down on the ground." Pointing at Mihoshi who at 
this point has snuggled herself in his arms.
Marcus blushes. "Eh, ok." Setting her back on her feet. "Let's see if I can stop 
the fight." He walks over to where he had put the chest. He pulls out some big 
metal parts. As he slips them on the others realize that it is an armour, a 
half-plate, with a scabbard over it portraying a purple/platinum dragon in a 
rising position. He only puts on the breast plate tough.
"Eh, you aren't meaning to go back in there?" A sweating Tenchi asks. "That's 
suicide."
"It's one of my duties of chivalry to stop such destructive quarrels, even more 
so as it are two ladies. If you were any more a man you would do so too." Marcus 
grumps, picks up his claymore Ra-Klev. <My blade is reflective, it works with 
lasers, so why not on energy bolts. YEAH RIGHT. I really AM nuts.> Tenchi just 
gives him an angry stare back.

Aeka is just preparing a new approach with her energy field. Slowly building up 
energy to send it out as a wave, hoping to crush the space pirate once and for 
all. Ryoko on the other hand prepares to go into the direct assault with her 
energy blade. Fast Ryoko lurches forward to strike when a figures looms up in 
between them.
"HALT." The figure in armour orders.
*Slice* the sword of Ryoko slices through the human-made stainless steel half-
plate, also creating a deep wound at the shoulder, but is stopped after halfway 
into his chest as Ryoko realizes what she is doing and dispels the blade.
"That actually hurts... Oach." *Gurgles up some blood.* "Please stop the 
fighting." *Crashes down to the ground.*

A few minutes later in Washu's lab.
"Wakey, wakey sleepy boy." She looks at the now healed body, the skin now a bit 
lighter where the wound had been. In the corner sits a crying Ryoko and only a 
few feet from there a stunned princes Aeka. Mihoshi sits at the table where 
Marcus had been laid upon, holding his hand. Tenchi is trying to calm down the 
formerly warring girls. The younger princess hadn't seen anything happening and 
is still playing in the fields with Ryo-ohki.
"Ohhh... What a.. ride." Marcus mutters when he wakes up. *Blinks a few times.*
"You could have killed him Ryoko, a bit more to the left and his head would have 
come off." Tenchi growls at Ryoko, even tough he feels sorry for her.
"Please don't shout at her Tenchi. I started the fight." Aeka really doesn't 
know what else to say. This makes even Washu blink for a moment.
"I don't think cutting off his head would have killed him anyway Tenchi." Washu 
quickly says.
"What?" All the rest.
"Maybe you hadn't noticed it, but Ryoko had sliced straight into his heart. He 
should have been dead anyway." Washu keeps her fingers on her chin. Figuring out 
the how. "Maybe it's part of the genetic alteration he has."
Tenchi walks over to Washu. "What genetic alteration?"
"He isn't completely human. Just like you are partly Juraian, he's partly 
something else." Washu scratches her head. "And I really don't know what that 
other part is, I haven't seen it before at all."
"Maybe it's Satyr blood." As Marcus sits up with a posture as if nothing had 
happened.

"Blood of a what?" Tenchi looks puzzled.
"Satyr." Washu recaps.
"What's a satyr?" Ryoko doesn't really know where to look.
"It's a legendary being in European folklore. Part man, part goat, all nature 
and joy. Some dangerous, some friend of mankind." Marcus grows silent. 
"According to a legend of the area where I live there once was a group of 
freemen who like the merry men of Robin Hood tried to free the area of unjust 
rulers. They went by the name of the ... how do I translate this ... Goat-
riders. They used large goats as their riding mounts, but also because a few 
members weren't human according to the legend, but Satyrs." He looks up. "And 
the European Masaki's were also part of the Goat riders and were eventually 
absorbed into the local family van Gestel who were also goat-riders."
"And maybe the Satyrs had also interbred with the humans." Washu adds.
"That covers it yeah and if it's true, OOH boy." Marcus smiles.
"What if?" Tenchi.
"If it's true, according to the legend, all satyr and their offspring are bound 
to nature, but also have the biggest sex-drive on earth. The female counterpart 
to the male satyr is either a dryad or a nymph, as in nymphomaniac. The male 
human version is called satirist." He now looks a bit questioning at Mihoshi.
"And if I'm not wrong a satyr and a nymph recognize each other on sight, or 
better said smell. I noted that your sense of smell is far better than that of 
normal humans, especially when you look at pheromones, it's only a bit less than 
what Ryoko can smell." She too looks at Mihoshi. "Hmm."
Tenchi hesitates a bit "Eh, how did you get a genetic sample in the first place, 
I didn't see you take blood of him when he was down and out."
Washu smiles wryly "At least he knows how tender I can be."
Tenchi, Ryoko and Aeka gulp. Then look at Mihoshi who just smiles at that 
moment.
"Now for the fun part. Mihoshi, your planet also has a similar equivalent to the 
satyr and nymph legend?" Washu asks and Mihoshi nods. "That would explain why 
there are similar markers in your genetic code as in Marcus's. This in turn 
explains your excellent performance a few hours ago."
"Why, thank you little Washu." Mihoshi smiles. "Yours was good too."
The three other faint. Marcus looks over at them. "You shouldn't have revealed 
it to them this soon."

A few minutes later Tenchi, Ryoko and Aeka wake up in the living room.
"What happened?" Sasami asks, sitting in the opposite couch. "Marcus and Mihoshi 
brought you guys up here."
<As if I'm going to tell what really happened, if only Ryoko keeps her mouth 
shut.> Aeka smiles, "Ooh, just a little accident with some knock-out gas."
Washu walks into the room. "Where's Marcus?"
"He went out to Katshuhiro with his sword." Sasami thinks about the weird happy 
face Mihoshi had when she went up to her room. "Tenchi, do you know why he took 
a sword with him? He isn't going to get hurt or hurt Katshuhiro with it?"
"Not likely, he came here to train with him in the first place." <And to steal 
my girls. I'll get him for this... No... It just shows me I have to be more 
honest with them in the first place.>
Sasami leaves the room. "I'm going to see Marcus and Katsuhiro." Ryo-Ohki 
bounces after her.
"Tenchi, why can't we have fun like they had?" Ryoko asks while jumping into his 
lap.
"He doesn't because he is saving him for his bride." Aeka snides while trying to 
pull Ryoko out of Tenchi's lap.
A soft and confused voice of Tenchi. "Bride?" <Oh, oh, now they are going to 
fight again.>
"Ever occurred to you that he might want to do it even before he gets married? 
You know, sex just isn't only the final end result of love, it's also plain 
simple a very pleasurable experience." Ryoko pouts as she now sits down next to 
Tenchi. <I'm not going to fight her again, last time Marcus jumped in and this 
time Tenchi might actually get enough guts to do the same.>
"Yeah, but..." Aeka really didn't know how to react on this. "He doesn't want 
to." Knowing that to be unlikely.
"Well, I would like to, but not with the current situation." Tenchi doesn't know 
where to look. "Not while both of you are willing to kill each other for me. Or 
forcing me to choose between two girls I both love." He stands up and walk away, 
out to the shrine.
<Both love?> Ryoko looks at him as he leaves the room and then at Aeka.
<Both love?> Aeka looks down. <So he actually cares for her, but he also cares 
for me? How can he care for that demon? Is she really that "human" to him?>
Ryoko stands up and looks at Aeka "If we ever want to get his love again we 
better stop fighting." She reaches out "Come on, let's at least try it for him."
Startled Aeka accepts and walks together with Ryoko to the shrine as well.

In the meantime Katsuhiro is giving Marcus a very hard time, not even allowing 
him to make any attacks, just blocking and dodging. "So why do you really want 
to train?" It takes a while before Marcus can get some distance before he can 
answer, dodging first fake to the right and then jumping to the left and taking 
a little run. <At least he isn't as stupid as Tenchi to react to questions in 
mid battle.>
"Because I want to be able to protect those I care for."
"Even tough you know you probably never ever will have to do so?"
"Knowing I can is important to me." He holds up his sword. <Even with the length 
of this blade I cannot touch him.> "And for some reason I have the feeling I 
will need the skill."
"Then I will train you as well as Tenchi, you are more willing in the first 
place." Katsuhiro smiles as he suddenly rushes forward, dodging the downward 
motion of the claymore and while passing Marcus, hitting him with the flat of 
the sword on his back. Marcus stumbles forward, barely keeping himself from 
falling forward. Quickly he stretches his arm with the sword backward hoping to 
his Katsuhiro with the hilt of his blade. Then he feels his feet being swooped 
from underneath him and he goes down.
"Good work for an old man, or young man that is." As Marcus slowly gets back up. 
"You win." As he smiles at Katsuhiro.
"Maybe you should try an easier opponent." Katsuhiro points at the newly arrived 
Tenchi.
"Go get him Tenchi." Sasami smiles.
"But."
"Come on Tenchi, you should show your girls that you can beat me." Marcus points 
at Ryoko and Aeka walking to the shrine.

Katsuhiro passes his katana to Tenchi who actually wanted to use Tenchi-ken. 
"Ahem, he doesn't use energy weapons, so neither should you."
"Well, I wouldn't mind testing Ra-Klev against Tenchi-Ken." Marcus quips.
"Ra-Klev?" Tenchi ask.
"My blade, it means sky-slicer. Let me show you." He flips a switch hidden in 
the hilt and a high hum comes forth from the blade. "It's now electro-
magnetically reinforced to give an even stronger blade."
Tenchi now sets aside the katana and pulls out Tenchi-ken. "You asked for it, 
but I doubt that thing will last for more than one blow." The energy blade now 
active it immediately attracts electric sparks from Ra-Klev, giving quite a 
show.
Marcus doesn't wait for more than a few moments as he gives a big sideway slide, 
keeping enough distance so Tenchi can't use the opening he gives. Tenchi blocks 
the blade in time holding it in a downward stand next to his side where Ra-Klev 
would have hit him. Great amounts of sparks spring around as the blades clash, 
remarkably the earth made blade does not break, showing that the electro-
magnetic reinforcement works. A small pushing contest is held as Tenchi tries to 
push away the sword from him, while having a weapon that weighs nearly nothing 
is an advantage in fast combat, in locked combat it is an disadvantage. And if 
your opponent is stronger, the best thing is to have a fast retreat as he jumps 
back. Marcus loses a bit of his grip due to this and his blade's tip goes to the 
ground. Tenchi uses this to bring down his blade, but is stopped mid-swing by 
Marcus's fist in his stomach. Now off guard himself Marcus can get away himself, 
while the blow was pulled the effect !
was the same. <Is he holding back?>
"Time to learn some fancy moves Tenchi." Marcus holds back his blade, his hands 
high and the tip to the ground at his side. He makes a quick lunge, scraping the 
blade's tip over the ground making it quickly superheated and then when in reach 
a quick wrist turn makes the blade go one circle round. Tenchi unused to this 
kind of moves looks in horror as the blade goes only inches past his face and 
body, at least that is what he thinks. As he looks down he sees that his 
clothing has been sliced in one clean cut, his pants dropping to the ground and 
his chest bare as the shirt's now upgraded to a blouse. Marcus jumps back to 
avoid retaliation. 
"Now show me what you can do." Katshuhiro tosses Tenchi another cord for his 
pants. In no time Tenchi has his pants fixed for the time being. In the 
background there is a Sasami rolling over the ground laughing and two other 
girls blushing.
Once again ready and very ticked off Tenchi leaps into a barrage of quick-blows, 
taking only little time to overcome Marcus's defences ending with a thrust, the 
hilt of the Tenchi-Ken way up to Marcus's belly. Marcus looks scared, but 
regains his senses quick enough.
"Congratulations Tenchi, that move would have gotten me if you hadn't desummoned 
the blade itself." Tenchi smiles at his opponent who just smiles back.
Marcus flips the switch back and the hum disappears. "This test has proven that 
Remco's theories are right. I actually thought I would lose the blade in the 
first strike." He walks back outside the ring to Katsuhiro. "Thank you for this 
opportunity."
"Even tough you had the last blow Tenchi, he would have beaten you with that 
razor-move Tenchi. You are lucky he didn't use his more powerful whirlwind 
attack on you, as you lack the muscle to block such an attack." Katsuhiro scorns 
Tenchi.
Tenchi, still happy about his victory, no matter what Katsuhiro is blabbing 
about walks over to Ryoko, Aeka and Sasami. "Now I think I know how it feels for 
you two when you are fighting over me." Ryoko and Aeka look a bit puzzled, then 
realizing that Tenchi probably also had feelings for Mihoshi. Ryoko starts 
giggling. "If we actually look like that fighting we would be put on a comedy 
show for sure." Pointing at his open pants and shirt.
"Ah, damn it." Tenchi walks off to the house, not noting that Ryoko and Aeka are 
following him as they aren't arguing as usual.

"What is going on here?" Katsuhiro looks at the two girls not fighting and 
walking after Tenchi like two house-wives. "Did I miss on something?"
"Then I missed it too." Sasami cheers. "Maybe the fighting is over?"
"I don't think so, but let's hope for the best." Marcus now walks over to 
Sasami. "Let's go back to the house, I'll help with Dinner." <Oh, what a day, 
first that great sex with Mihoshi and Washu, then getting myself nearly killed 
and then this fight. That's one big workout.> He smiles.

Everyone is gathered at the table that evening to enjoy another meal of Sasami 
(and Marcus). Some Japanese food and some Dutch food mixed. Most aren't so sure 
if sprouts and rice go together that well. In reality it is a tasty combination 
as most can say after dinner.

An hour later in Washu's lab.
"So what means the result to me and Mihoshi?"
"Well, as you noted there is some unusual attraction to each other."
"Yeah I noticed."
"And I can advice you to use protection continuously, I have reasons to believe 
that one time unprotected will get Mihoshi pregnant. With Tenchi she wouldn't 
have been, but with the better compatibility it's more likely to occur."
"Hmm. Speaking of Tenchi, I noticed during the bout with Tenchi some hatred in 
him. I think he's angry with me for having slept with Mihoshi and probably also 
for having sex with you."
"Then it's time to increase my attempts at getting Tenchi, Ryoko and Aeka closer 
to each other." Washu grins nearly madly.
"I do have an Idea, a solution, but it's a rather absurd one. I think that they 
fight each other because they don't understand each other. They won't, even if 
they talked about it, their visions are to coloured for that. The only other way 
is to make sure that both know what the other knows. In short where there are 
two, there should be one."
"I don't know if I can copy those memories to each other, but I can fuse them 
for a while so their memories do become one."
"Fuse them?"
"As you said, where there are two, there can be only one."
"But..." <Ooh, boy.>

Up in the living room Ryoko, Tenchi and Aeka are watching TV. For once the two 
girls aren't fighting, but neither are attempting anything with Tenchi in the 
first place.
"I think I finally have the solution for your problem." Washu says as she 
appears in front of the TV, startling the observers.
"Solution, problem?" Aeka meeps.
"The fighting, the 'Oh I hate her so long that we can never get along.'-
problem." Washu grins in a way that makes even Ryoko very nervous. Then with a 
flash the four of them are in Washu's lab.
"The solution is simple. But requires both of you to agree. First to this 
temporary version." She then looks sternly at Aeka and then at Ryoko. "Tenchi 
will you please not intervene." She points him out to sit down. "Ryoko, Aeka, I 
know that a big part of your hatred flows from what happened on Jurai, so long 
ago. The problem is, explanations of both of you aren't objectionable anymore. 
The only way for you two to get some peace from that is if both of you have the 
experiences of the other." Both look sternly at her. "And the only way for me to 
do this I have to temporary fuse the two of you into one being." Both now have 
their eyes bugging out.
"FUSE US!?!." Is their reaction.
"Does that mean that it is likely to stop their fighting permanently?" Tenchi 
asks.
"Very likely, and there is little risk to it. I know quite well the mechanics of 
fusing beings together. But I am not sure if I can make sure that both of you 
keeps each other's experiences when I split you up again."
"So what would happen if you fuse us?" Ryoko asks in a tone she rarely has, one 
of complete helplessness.
"In short terms, due to physical stress you would be fused for at least a week. 
The being existing then will be both you, a person with traits from both of you, 
very likely a tempered woman, neither completely protocol-following and neither 
completely a loose cannon. The looks would also be a combo of both of you, but I 
cannot predict how that would look like."
"Why did you come forward with this 'solution' now?" Aeka asks while thinking 
very deeply about this. <If this will bring me the happiness I want... why not, 
even if I might get a few bad traits of Ryoko, they can never weigh up to the 
benefits?>
"Because you two are already having a truce at the moment." Washu partly lies.

Two days later and luckily better said two days of relative peace later.

Tenchi, Mihoshi, Sasami and Marcus are sitting in the living room.
"So this is it huh?" Sasami asks.
"Yep. I pray to god that this fares well." Marcus replies.
"What should I call her? She isn't completely my sister anymore."
"Probably still sister, I think that Ryoko would actually like to hear that 
too." Tenchi thinks about what she will look like. He had dreams about something 
like this before, in dreams that had made him even more indecisive.
"I think we should call her Aoko or Ryaka. I myself would go for Aoko, it's more 
feminine." Marcus notes.
Then a flash in front of them showing a smiling Washu and a robed figure with a 
hood over the face. The robe is like the one Aeka normally wears, but lighter, 
revealing the feminine figure quite well, like Ryoko's normal clothing does.
"Hi everyone." A high and crystal-clear voice comes from underneath the hood. A 
slender hand removes the hood showing the fused face. Purple hair in a style 
like that of Ryoko with bangs. Some of tips of the hair-spikes showing a 
greenish colour stroke. The eyes are yellow, but with normal pupils, the ears 
are normal and the shape of the face like that of Ryoko. On her forehead she 
wears Aeka's diadem. Most are baffled at how beautiful she looks.
"So, ehm, Aoko, how do you feel?" Tenchi asks, while looking a bit more up and 
down, admiring her slim figure, wide hips like Aeka and a firm bosom like Ryoko.
"Happy, I finally realize what happened for real on Jurai. The reason for 
fighting has been truly over a misunderstanding. Both of us did grievous harm to 
the other." She walks over to Tenchi and sits down next to him. "And what do you 
think of the new look?"
He gulps, having a lot of trouble keeping his member down. "Wow." Is as much as 
he can utter before she places a kiss on his mouth, fuelled by the desire of two 
females, an 'unfortunate side effect'.

Marcus and Mihoshi see that it's better to leave and take Sasami with them. "I 
think they will be busy for some time. Poor Tenchi, she's going to drain him 
dry, getting the desire of one can be a lot, but of two, in one body. Ooh, boy." 
Sasami smiles. "Now I do hope I am not going to be auntie Sasami in three 
months." Marcus looks dumbstruck.
"Three months? Don't Juraians take nine months like humans?" Both Sasami and 
Mihoshi look a bit sheepish at him.
"Nine months." Mihoshi nearly looks scared. "My race only takes five months."
Now Marcus looks ever more worried.
"If she has Ryoko's gestation time it can be as few as ten days before she gives 
birth." Washu mumbles.
"Oh my." Sasami looks up at Washu.
"Let's go get a bath." Marcus says as they are heading upstairs.
"I'll open the woman's bath to you too." Washu says.
"Hmm, okay. But no funny stuff." He smiles.

A few minutes later the lil gang in towels is soaking up.
"In Europe we call these places swimming pools, not baths." Marcus notes as he 
looks at the woman's bathroom.
Sasami swims off to a further part of the pool.
"Say Mihoshi, I have a question that is bugging me for some time now. When I 
sucked your tits I noticed you are giving milk. Is that normal for your kind or 
is there something else I should know?" Mihoshi blushes from Marcus's question.
"Well, you see, I have an older sister who several months before I came to earth 
had a baby, actually she had triplets. We knew that would be the case and Miki 
wanted to breastfeed them even if she hadn't enough milk, so I helped out. I 
helped out until they would go over to solid food. You get the idea, I know it 
happens on earth too. And well, that was only a few weeks before I came here."
In the mean time Marcus moves over to Mihoshi and sits down next to her. Washu 
keeps relaxing several places further. Mihoshi takes the bait and sits down on 
his lap, raising her a bit and allowing him to hug her from behind. A few 
minutes they are enjoying each other until they see Washu pointing at them. They 
look down and see a lot of white creamy stuff floating in the water around them.
"Oops." Mihoshi blushes big time. Marcus can't help but laugh out and gives her 
breasts a quick caress.
"You naughty girl." Washu giggles. Then Sasami swims back and she clearly gasps. 
Quickly Marcus pulls up Mihoshi's towel and blushes red too.
"Erm, I think this is exactly what you think it is." He says sheepishly.
"I think you two are naughty again." She cheers. "Well, don't mind me."
The three others blink a lot. "Say, what?!"
"Do you really think I do not know about such things when I'm over 700 years 
old?" She blushes a bit. "But I have never really seen anything of it... And 
Aeka never allowed me to look at her movies."
"Aeka's movies?" Marcus blinks.
Sasami giggles. <Not only I, but Tsunami too doesn't really know anything about 
it, her first time was just a flash of light without any pleasure.> "So I would 
like to see it for once." Very bluntly put.
Cold shivers go down Marcus's spine, but at the same time the thought makes him 
bulge and with Mihoshi moving around a bit it nearly automatically slips in 
making her go. "Aah... Y, ou are... so sn.eaky."
Sasami grins and sits down next to Washu. "He's a real Hentai isn't he, and 
she."
"A satyr to be correct, just sit down and enjoy. Hey, what's that, he didn't do 
that before." Washu points at them.
"Didn't do what?" Sasami looks puzzled.
"Look at his hair, it's as if he's static all over." Washu grins a bit as it 
looks a bit funny. Sasami sees it too and is a bit confused.
"That's not normal is it?"
"I really wouldn't know with him. It does give him a wild look, suits the legend 
a bit."
"What?"
"He isn't completely human Sasami, he's partly what the humans call a satyr, at 
least that is what we think. Maybe this is a side-effect of that."

In the mean time Mihoshi is hopping up and down on his shaft, her towel had 
dropped after the first few hops. Totally oblivious now to the spectators and 
fully engulfed by the magical feeling her body is experiencing. The stimulus of 
his arms around her, rubbing her breast and thus teasing her nipples makes her 
milk flow wildly. The orgasm isn't far off this time. A few more moves and her 
peak is reached, making her cry out totally in the traditional "Oh, 
yeahhhhhhhhhhh." At the same time making her pussy spasm around the cock inside 
her, the extra stimulus helping him over the edge too.
It takes a little while, shorter this time than the last time, to recover. Then 
Marcus turns completely white. "Oh, shit, oh shit. We didn't use protection." 
His eyes nearly bug out.
"Don't worry my teddy bear, I've been using medicinal protection for some time 
now." Mihoshi suavely whispers into his ear. Then he relaxes, his hair falling 
back now. "WHEW."
"Great show." Washu barely keeps herself from slipping due to the laughing.
"..." Sasami is just plain silent, processing what she just saw. Pondering the 
feeling her body is giving her now. She then sighs and heads off out of the bath 
to dry off and go back into the house.

Back a few minutes into time, just before the others entered the bath.
Currently Tenchi is laying back on the couch with two beautiful eyes staring 
into his. He so enjoys this new, well for the lack of a better word, 'being', 
that has been affectionately named Aoko just a few minutes ago. All the fear he 
had of the two now totally gone, only the feeling of wanting to be with her 
remained.
"Tenchi, do you love us?"
"I love both of you... And who you are now... Oh, darn, this is so confusing." 
He then decides that a good smile says more than a thousand words.
"We... I love you too." She returns the smile. <Our fights really weren't worth 
it. But now we can be happy together.>
Aoko hugs him even more tightly. "I never want to let go of you anymore." She 
thinks a bit. "Tenchi, when we are split up, will you marry Aeka and Ryoko. On 
Jurai it's a custom to have more than one wife. We would be happy to share you 
when we are split up again." She kisses him on his cheek.
Tenchi wraps his arms around her. "Nothing would make me more happy than that." 
He kisses her back, then places another kiss on her mouth.
She responds by opening her mouth a bit and frenching him.

*KLICK* They hear a sound from besides them. Both look at the VERY happy face of 
Nobiyuki. "I'm gone for a few days and when I come back my son has grown into a 
man, even if it is with a new girl. You make me proud Tenchi, but aren't the 
girls going to be angry with you, or have you sent them home?"
Both look up a bit agitated, not from having been photographed, but from having 
been disturbed. Then Tenchi decides to play open card on his father. "Dad, meet 
Aoko, she is both a new and a old friend. You see, she is both Aeka and Ryoko, 
fused into one being. This way the fighting would stop." He looks up with a 
happy face.
"Hi Nobiyuki, how's the project coming along?" Aoko smiles at him.
"Is that really both of them?" His eyes nearly pop out. "WOW." He quickly takes 
another picture and heads off to the shrine.

"Now where were we?" Tenchi looks at her now with a bit more lust in his eyes 
and voice.
"About here." She continues with the frenching.
After about ten minutes of cuddling and kissing.
"Do you want to go further with this Tenchi?"
He nods. "Maybe we should get some more privacy. My room?"
Aoko nods. Two minutes later Tenchi's bed is considered 'occupied'.
"Tenchi, Washu didn't tell you one thing. The fusion... it wasn't Washu's idea." 
She releases herself and stands up in front of Tenchi who remains on the bed.
"Huh, not Washu's idea, but then, did you?"
"No, Marcus came up with it, something about feeling guilty for taking Mihoshi 
away from you." She now drops her kimono, revealing green undergarment.
"Hmm... This really is an enjoyable sight." He now tries something daring (for 
his usual behaviour that is), reaching forward and placing a kiss on her bare 
belly.
"Ooh, that... that, tickles." She laughs, her hands keeping him there tough.
He grasps her sides and massages them a bit. <Does it show that I'm 
inexperienced with this?> Her hands go off his shoulder and he hears a small 
click. He looks up and sees two bare 'mountains' of joy. He smiles as he sees 
these firm and smoothly round breasts. His own body reacts to this making him 
feel more and more uneasy with clothing on. She then steps back and slips down 
her last piece of clothing. Her sex now revealed shows him that either Juraians 
or biothoids lack pubic hair or it's shaven. (The first is the truth, for both 
types.) The smell is truly delicious Tenchi thinks as he sees her floating 
towards him, she looks a bit awkward tough now as the new body is not yet fully 
adapted to using all the powers it now has. She reaches out for his shirt and 
starts to undress him. Tenchi nearly wonders why she doesn't just rip it off 
with the haste she is showing. When his boxers are thrown away she floats closer 
and continues on her frenching. Now with two naked bodies t!
ouching each other it gives an even bigger rush as she feels his hard-on rubbing 
against her sex. This makes her waters flow, lubricating her sex and his shaft. 
Lurching her bottom a bit towards him she feels him entering her to the point of 
where should have been her hymen (both are very old and had a very active 
lifestyle, of course both would lack an intact hymen) and then fully into her.
"Oh Tenchi, I love this feeling." She gyrates her hips a bit, but keeps him 
inside her completely.
"Me too." A weak voice is all Tenchi can muster, his energy going to other parts 
of his body. The thoughts of perfect fit come to his mind.
Then Aoko decides that sitting still like this is not interesting enough and she 
starts to go up and down on him, nearly letting his penis leave the softness of 
her vagina with every thrust. She relishes the feeling as she feels the heat in 
her body building and the quickly increasing amount of lubrication she produces. 
Shuddering from top til toe as she climaxes as she forces herself down 
completely. The scream of pleasure reaches as far as the shrine.
"Oh boy."
"If I'm going to be a great-grandfather in three months I'm going to whack that 
boy good in the next training session."
Tenchi rolls over with her and continues the pumping motion. Slamming himself 
into her and lengthening her orgasm a bit. With one hand he keeps himself up and 
the other plays with her breasts. As he feels the pressure in his balls 
increasing he puts down his other hand.
"Aoko, I'm going to come."
She thinks and lets him slip out and while holding him up manoeuvres herself so 
that she can continue with a titty-fuck. The new sensation that caresses his 
shaft greatly increases the burning feeling in his balls and he explodes all 
over her face with great streams of white cum. Aoko just smiles and licks off 
the cum in reach of her long tongue.
Both are spent, but Tenchi manages to get to his feet and get some drying cloth 
to clean up Aoko who lies in his bed snoozing and very happy. A few minutes 
later Tenchi returns and starts cleaning up Aoko in her sleep. She just grins in 
her sleep as he massages her breast. <I really hope we can stay this happy. 
Whoooaaahhhhhh. I'm getting sleepy myself. Nobody will miss me for a while.> He 
covers Aoko and then himself, snuggling up to her and falls asleep himself.

Back in the bath room.
"They both seem very happy." The satyr man says.
"I'm so happy for them, tough I wouldn't have minded to join in." The biggest 
Miha (airhead) in the universe replies.
"If I can get that cloth I can finally get that specimen I wanted, nah, I rather 
get a fresh one from himself." Washu mirts.
"Are they really going to get married?" Sasami smiles.
All are currently watching at Tenchi's room using one of Washu's spy camera's.
"If they truly love each other, I really hope it for them. I think tough that 
they'll wait for a while before they will go as far as having children tough." 
Marcus now looks at Sasami. "You apparently enjoyed the show. Live action beats 
recordings any day." He grins.
Sasami blushes bright red. "I hope I grow up soon, I know I'll be just as pretty 
as Aoko." She just smiles, but Marcus looks puzzled.
"How can you possibly know how you will look like when you grow up."
"I have, wel, an adult version of myself who watches over me. Her name is 
Tsunami, she has taken the form of my adult body."
"Tsunami, ehrm, why is she running around looking like your adult form. How...?" 
He shakes his head.
Sasami thinks for a while. "Let's get dressed and I'll show you all. Mihoshi, 
Washu, will you two also come along?"
Both nod.

A quarter of an hour later at the waterfall.
The little incantation of Sasami is enough to open the sanctuary of Tsunami as 
shimmering light envelops the groups of friends. As Marcus opens up his eyes 
after the flash of light he first sees Sasami, now in a big ornate dress far 
more elaborate than anything Aeka had walked around in. Besides him he sees 
Washu in her adult body with an even more elaborate dress with a bit different 
style and she is floating a bit. At the other side he looks at Mihoshi who wears 
a skin tight bodysuit made out of vines and flowers which even entangles her 
hair with very large blooming flowers, for the rest she doesn't wear anything. 
When he looks at himself he is startled to see something resembling his metal 
armour, but now made out of stone and wood, on several places covered in vines 
with blooming flowers. As he feels his head he notes two pointy things on the 
front of his head. <Oh, no. Are those HORNS?> He looks at Mihoshi and as she 
looks at him he looks with a dumbstruck look and poi!
nts at the front of his head. Mihoshi just giggles and gives him a hug and 
whispers. "They look kinky."
Then they are silent as they see Tsunami floating towards them.
"Greetings friends of Sasami, and welcome to you all. I'm glad you finally 
brought them along with you Sasami. I extend my heartfelt greetings to the 
champion of Gaia." As she looks at Marcus.
"Champion?! Of Gaia? You mean of the earth mother?" He looks very confused.
"That is the other name for her. For my niece." Now Sasami smiles at this 
proclamation of Tsunami.
"Niece of Gaia, you mean..." He stumbles a bit backwards and then decides to 
drop to one knee to show proper respect. "You are a.. a.. Goddess?" He nearly 
looks frightened, but the calming aura of Tsunami quickly turns it into a 
complete feeling of safety. "Milady, I'm honoured to be called a champion, but I 
have never been asked to be anyone's champion."
"You became my champion when you were born, Satyr-man." A new rich voice fills 
the room. The crew see a dark skinned woman appearing next to Tsunami, her hair 
is white with a purple sheen to it and in a style like Tsunami's. On the front 
of her head there is one golden triangle, just above her grey-green eyes. She is 
dressed in a long dress made in a similar style as the suits of Mihoshi and 
Marcus.
"GAIA?" Marcus is close to fainting, but quickly recovers himself, he cannot 
insult Gaia by fainting. "I'm honoured to meet you too oh mother of life." He 
bows before Gaia.
Gaia looks at each and every person in the group. When she sees Washu she 
smiles, but then looks a bit sorrowed.
<Does she remember?>
<Not yet.>
"Marcus, I've guided your path from the day you were born to make sure you can 
help defend the status quo together with the champions of Tsunami. We do not 
know what will happened, but we know something will happen. Therefore it is time 
that you learn more of your heritage just as Tenchi has done. Where he is 
connected to Jurai's Tree of Light, you are connected to Earths Tree of Life." 
She floats in front of him and Mihoshi. Then she kisses the front of his head 
and his dormant powers are activated even tough he doesn't know it just 
happened.
Marcus is just silent and baffled. <How can I be as important as she says I am? 
So am I truly a satyr offspring?> He looks besides him as he feels that his arm 
is being hugged by Mihoshi and he smiles. <And how is she connected in this?>
"I want you to help Tenchi and his friends when they need it." Tsunami says. "To 
be vigilant and to be brave. You have already helped them by your idea for the 
fusion. I thank you for that."
"Before I take my leave you must know one thing: You are blessed with similar 
powers as those of Tenchi, but you are different." With that Gaia disappears.
"Powers like Tenchi's?" Washu now looks at Marcus with a very big glee.
"Sasami, for the reason you came here. You do not have to worry too much, you 
will grow up just in time when it is needed." Tsunami smiles at her champion of 
light.
Marcus now looks at Tsunami. "Yes, Sasami didn't lie when she said she would be 
pretty when she grows up." He smiles and hugs Mihoshi.
With that the group is transported back outside, all soaking wet as they drop in 
the water.
"Hiiii... that's cold." Mihoshi meeps.
(Yeah I modelled Gaia after Urd from OMG!. This as both of their names are also 
the name of our planet; Earth.)

"That was an interesting experience." Washu says as they sit down at the porch. 
All are wringing out water from their clothing except Washu who wears insta-dry 
clothing. "Sasami, could you explain why I was wearing that elaborate Juraian 
dress, I'm no Juraian. Yet still I wore a dress resembling Tsunami's."
All now look at Washu and remember her dress. Indeed it's strange. "I really 
wouldn't know."
"That what you wore Marcus was unusual as well, I couldn't help but compare it 
to Tenchi's battle-armour." Washu looks at Marcus.
"Well, I think life just got a lot more complicated. But I don't mind as long as 
I'm with you all." He kisses Mihoshi and then hugs both Washu and Sasami. 
Feeling very cheerful.
*Sound of door opening.*
All look around to see Tenchi and Aoko in the door smiling and arms around each 
other. The group then remembers what they saw earlier and grin.
"Sasami, shall we start on dinner?" Marcus asks.
"Yep, oh oneechan, could you and Tenchi get some carrots for Ryo-Ohki, before 
she gets all of them first?" She then walks together with Marcus to the kitchen.

The next day the group is ready for breakfast. All but Tenchi are happy and 
awake, unfortunately he has a lot of power, but lacks stamina (and Aoko has far 
to much stamina, doubled =^.^=).
"I see you adapt quite well to your new lifestyle." Marcus has a lot of trouble 
not laughing.
*ZZzzz* "Heh? Eh what did you say?" Tenchi snaps back to the land of the awake 
people.
A few hours later during which Tenchi slept on the couch. All the while Aoko and 
Sasami were having a lot of girl-talk as Aoko felt a lot more like doing so than 
ever before.
"Tenchi, could I please try to use the master-key? Yesterday I learned that 
there is a chance it also works for me if I interpreted Tsunami and Gaia 
correctly."

Tenchi throws the Tenchi-ken at Marcus after having heard what happened at 
Tsunami's shrine.
Marcus focuses on the master key and after a little while it actually reacts, in 
stead of the usual blue sword it erupts in a claymore sized purple blade, 
amazing all in the room. They quickly learn that it doesn't last as it just uses 
up the remains of Tenchi's power and not Marcus's, it stops glowing only seconds 
after being activated and doesn't reactivate until Tenchi reactivates it.
"It seems you need your own focus on Gaia's powers." Aoko says.
"Yeah, but what?"
"How about this." Everyone looks at Sasami as she presents Marcus with something 
that looks like a bracelet made out of oak wood and bares an uncanny resemblance 
to the way the master key and Aeka's diadem are made. "I got it from Tsunami 
before we left."
Marcus put it around his left wrist and felt a similar feeling as he had when he 
had the Tenchi-ken. He once again focuses his mind on a blade and this time the 
same blade, now with an appropriate energy made handle, appeared in his hand. 
This time it stayed.
"All right and how about this part." Tenchi put on the ring which allows his 
Juraian armour to appear. In a flash he stood there in the elaborate garment. He 
looked amazed to see that Marcus had beaten him to it as his body was now 
covered in the same armour he had in Tsunami's shrine. The smell emanating from 
him was, quickly put, terrific due to the flowers. This battle garment both 
looked more and less impressive, it was more massive and looked like it could 
actually absorb some damage, but the very natural look made it look very 
awkward.
Mihoshi walked over to Marcus and touched one of the flowers to see if they were 
real and before she knew it her own clothing disappeared and she stood in her 
vine-made bodysuit. Tenchi and Aoko looked amazed at this, then Tenchi realized 
that it barely covered anything and almost had a nosebleed.
"This is a new one." Tenchi smiled.
Of course Sasami couldn't resist and also touched one of the flowers, but 
nothing happened. "Ahww... I wanted to change too." She pouts. Then she walks 
back and bounces into Tenchi and poof she was in her elaborate Tsunami dress.
Marcus looks at her and then at Tenchi. "Apparently you have actually gained 
that power as well, even tough I do not know the purpose of it." Then he looks 
at Aoko who walks up to Tenchi and kisses him on the mouth. During the kiss both 
started to float a bit and a small hurricane erupted underneath them. Everyone 
looked with awe when Aoko started to glow brightly and her clothing became just 
as elaborate as Sasami's, but it moved as if it had a life of it's own. When 
Tenchi released her from the kiss and backed away he looked upon her.
"Whoa, stunning." He didn't even notice that the Tenchi-ken was reacting, slowly 
Ryoko's gems removed themselves from Tenchi-ken and floated towards Aoko, 
placing themselves at the appropriate places. As they activated and mingled with 
the Juraian powers of Aeka, Aoko's body produced an immense aura of light, 
nearly blinding everyone in the room.
When it subsided she was once again in her normal clothing and sat on the ground 
smiling. "What a ride!" The gems now once again imbedded on 'Ryoko' no longer 
glowed and went dormant.
By this time Tenchi also undid his armour (with an instant linked disappearance 
of Sasami's dress) and was followed suit by Marcus and Mihoshi.
"Why do I get the feeling that I've ended up in a Power Rangers movie?" Marcus 
whispers in Mihoshi's ear. She just giggles.
"I really wonder why all this is needed? And why so far in advance? When I got 
this armour it was just moments before I had to face Kagato."
"You don't think that this means that something bad is very soon to happen?" 
Marcus asks.

Outside is the loud rumbling of engines which quickly die down to a silence.
"Ah, drat." Marcus stands up and walks outside, quickly followed by the rest. 
The first thing he sees outside is a white cabbit happily bouncing towards Ryo-
Ohki.
"Ken-Ohki, Stay away from her now. Ryoko where are you, or are you hiding again 
from me behind your friends." Of course Nagi stands there, in full battle 
garment. Marcus stands a few feet in front of her and takes a good look. Then he 
puts one and one together.
"Are you perhaps Ryoko's sister, you two look so much alike?" Marcus takes a 
step forward. "Oh, yeah, I'm Marcus." And he bows.
<He really is far more perceptive than the rest.> Washu thinks.
Nagi fumes at that remark. "I, the best bounty hunter in the universe, a sister 
to that space-pirate?" She walks over to Marcus and looks quite pissed off now.
"Well, both of you have similar hair-colours and unnatural style, nearly 
identical figure, same apparent age and both of you have a similar level of 
aggressiveness. More important you both resemble adult Washu." In the background 
a certain red-head sits down with a lot of worries on her face.
Nagi now has had it with this guy and charges him with her energy sword, but is 
eventually held back by a Juraian force-field. "Where is Aeka?" Nagi looks 
around until she sees Aoko.
"Hello Nagi." Aoko smiles friendly. "I'm sorry to tell you, but currently there 
is no 'Ryoko' or 'Aeka', only me, Aoko." She walks over to her, clearly showing 
both Aeka's key and Ryoko's gems. This makes Nagi reconsidering her attack.
"What happened to you?" She looks in utter shock. "Why?"
"We fused in order to stop our fighting." Aoko says. "Now I'm perfectly happy, 
and I won't let you ruin this." Her face turned for the worse and the angry gaze 
meant one thing, 'one false move and you're dead'.
Now Nagi started to actually get afraid. This new being was way to powerful for 
her and it was very angry at her.
Aoko turns around. "Washu? Is what Marcus noted true?" Nagi now also looks at 
Washu.
"Yes." She meekly smiles at Nagi. "She's Ryoko's twin sister."
Now everyone looked at Washu with amazed faces. "Could you please elaborate, if 
this is true, why wasn't she under control of Kagato as well when Ryoko attacked 
Jurai? Why wasn't she together with her all the time in the first place?" Tenchi 
asks.
"She was born dead." Washu nearly started to cry, feeling a guilt of long ago 
boiling. "I later found a way to revive her with very elaborate machinery, I had 
put her in there, but shortly after that I got captured by Kagato and never got 
the chance to check upon you. Luckily Kagato didn't know about this." She looks 
intense at Nagi. "Your first memories Nagi, aren't they like this? ... You wake 
up, probably as an adult, in a weird machine filled with a blue gelatine and a 
respirator on your mouth, several tubes embedded in your skin. You broke free 
and fled the place on a ship you now know as Ken-Ohki and couldn't find that 
place since you left?"
Nagi nodded. "That's indeed the first thing I remember." She looked down, the 
reality sinking in fast. She just started to cry, cry out loud. Washu in her 
adult form walked over to her and Aoko dispelled the force field. Washu hugged 
Nagi, but she didn't stop crying.
Sasami, Marcus and Mihoshi decided that it was better to leave and nodded Tenchi 
to come along.
Aoko stood frozen, she thought it be a joke when Marcus mentioned it, but now, 
with Washu's confession, she stood there, staring at her 'twin'.

"Is this the help I'm supposed to give you all? To screw up your lives even 
further?" Inside on the ground Marcus sits with his head in his hands. <I don't 
know if what I just did was so smart after all. Maybe I should have kept my 
mouth shut. If Washu knew about this, she probably had her reason to keep it 
quite.>
"You didn't screw up our lives at all. What are you blabbing about? If this 
works out as I hope, we'll have one permanent worry less." Tenchi looked a bit 
confused at Marcus.
"Tenchi, consider this, if Washu knew about this as she just showed, doesn't 
that mean that she kept it hidden for a reason? What if this discovery actually 
is something really bad?" He stood up and walked upstairs. "I need some time to 
think about this." The rest looked after him.
"I really don't get what that is about?" Tenchi asks the rest.
"..." Mihoshi ponders.
"No idea, maybe he thinks that now Ryoko will start fighting with Nagi like she 
did with my sister?"
"I think it's something deeper." Mihoshi. The other two now stare at her in 
disbelief.
"What did you just say?" Tenchi.
"Well, I said that I think that it is something deeper than the possible 
outcome." Mihoshi.
"Since when do you have such perceptive idea's? Normally you would probably just 
sit there, smile and be ignorant of what just happened. Did he do something to 
you too?" Tenchi just looked perplexed.
A voice emmanated from a sleeping Sasami. "He gave her something she missed, 
focus. You should ask her about her past so you can find out yourself what 
happened." Then Sasami woke up.

End of Chapter one.
Finished 16 September 2001.

Yes, this story is SI, with a differance, he is like I would like to be, good 
looking and brave in stead of having a low self esteem, which couses me to be 
very straight forward. Also this version of me has a far better perception than 
I do, believe me, I'm half as bad as Mihoshi in real life and that still is very 
bad perception. Oh and don't worry, Tenchi will stay the main man in the story 
tough. 
The legend I use in this story is a real legend and I am for real a descendant 
from the Goat-Riders. 
If you wonder why I don't really change my name in the story, simple, I don't 
mind it, it actually fits in with the rest.
Marcus means 'warlike' or 'warrior' in most languages.

So all the comments, etc can be directed at Eucep@yahoo.com
This Otaku will start chapter two soon.
This is a note I need answered for the next chapter. Is in the series any 
history given for Mihoshi?
