DarkOneX
Pt. 2 No Need For First Times-miscommunication

Ryoko sits by the window seal watching Tenchi as he walks off. It's been a
week since their intimate encounter. Ryoko looks downward slightly saddened
as she realizes this.
Ryoko Thinking: Tenchi we slept together I thought that meant we where
growing closer. Why do you avoid me so much now.
A tear trickles from her eye as she walks off brushing past Ayeka.
Ayeka: Ryoko you miscreant watch where your going.
Ayeka thinking: Hmm better check my pockets. She might have lifted my purse
hmph...
Ayeka walks off.
Tenchi looks back not seeing Ryoko in the window seal anymore continues his
trek to school lost in thought.
Tenchi: After that night...she doesn't speak to me as much anymore was it
something I had done...
Tenchi hangs his head as he nears the path.
Tenchi: Maybe I wasn't good enough for her...maybe she doesn't like me as
much as I thought, but I mean we slept together so there's got to be
something there.
Tenchi sighs sticking his hand in his pockets. Tenchi groans feeling a
slight
stomach pain.
At school Tenchi remains ominous from the crowd not interested in
communicating with his classmates, or talking to his usual friends. Come to
think of it when has he had any other friends or anybody he associates with
besides the girls this Tenchi thinks for a minute as he bites into his Tuna
sandwich.
Voice: Hi Tenchi.
Says some mysteriously cheery voice. Tenchi looks up only to see Ryoko in a
school uniform. Tenchi smiles slightly, yet his smile quickly turns to a
look
of concern as he bolts up catching a surprise Ryoko by the hand.
Tenchi: Ryoko What are you doing here?!
Ryoko: I came to see you.
Ryoko smiles, Tenchi smiles dropping his head.
Tenchi: Your going to get me in trouble...
Tenchi looks up his smile turns to a look of worry as he quickly turns his
head to see if anybody is watching them.
Ryoko with a look of concern: Tenchi we have to talk.
Tenchi nods and they walk off.
Tenchi: Yes but it has to be in private.
Tenchi and Ryoko smile relived that they hadn't completely alienated one
another their hands clasp one another.
Tenchi: Ryoko...uhmmm..
Ryoko: Tenchi...(Ryoko slightly blushes looking away.)
Ryoko thinking: This would be a lot easier if there weren't so many people
around us.
Tenchi is shocked as he and Ryoko materialize through a wall and end up in a

broom closet. Both enveloped in darkness are temporarily speechless waiting
for their eyes to adjust.
Tenchi motions to speak.
Tenchi: Ryoko after what happened do you even care about me, did I
disappoint
you in any kind of way.
Ryoko smiles at Tenchi as she lightly kisses Tenchi on the lips.
Ryoko: I'm here now aren't I.
Tenchi smiles as he returns her kiss.
Tenchi/ Ryoko...
Their lips join again their tongues flickering against one another as they
french kiss.
Ryoko: Tenchi ::mwwpth:: Why ::mwwpth:: do...we always in up like this.
Tenchi shrugs with a smile as he rubs Ryoko's hair as they lock lips again.
Ryoko and Tenchi moan to one another. Tenchi pulls Ryoko close to him as he
lightly rubs his fingers on the small of her back causing her to let out a
sigh. They both stare at one another were laughing to themselves as they
begin to kiss again. Ryoko's hand rubbing Tenchi's pants clenching and
stroking his private. Tenchi moans breaking off their kiss placing his head
on her shoulder. While kissing Ryoko unbuttons her top shirt opening her
blouse and Tenchi cups and rubs her breast with his hand, and lightly
rubbing, and pinching her nipples with his fingers. Tenchi lowers himself
kissing Ryoko on her neck Ryoko closes her eyes drawing her head back
moaning. Tenchi kisses her breast licking her nipple, Tenchi places one hand

under Ryoko's skirt. Messaging Ryoko through her panties, then placing one
finger underneath messaging Ryoko's pussy.
Ryoko: Ooooohhh Tenchi...
Ryoko rubs Tenchi's head as his lips and tongue suck and message her breast,

while his hand messages Ryoko's Privates.
Tenchi lowering his head unbuttons Ryoko's skirt with his silken wet hands
dropping her skirt to the ground, revealing Ryoko with a blouse on and her
panties. Tenchi raising his head back up begins to kiss Ryoko's belly
button.
Tenchi's hands grasp Ryoko by the butt pulling Ryoko close to him. Ryoko
moaning motions and takes off her blouse, and panties. Ryoko now completely
naked her face turns red. Ryoko lifts her leg placing her foot on a shelf.
Tenchi kisses Ryoko's Vigina and starts licking around the sheath of her
skin.

Ryoko bites her lip her head rocking back and forth.
Ryoko:Mmmmmmmm Tenchi that feels so good...
Tenchi opening Ryoko's hymen starts licking her clitoris and all around her
vagina. Ryoko's body spasms, her legs moving to and fro in a almost insanely

rhythmic motion. Her pelvis rocking forward.
Ryoko: Oooooo...Tenchi...
Ryoko starts moving wreathing above Tenchi the feeling of pleasure
overtaking
Ryoko. Tenchi's tongue starts to work even faster as Ryoko is lost almost in

a spell. Ryoko body spasms again to Tenchi's tongue.
Ryoko:Ummmmh...Ummmgh...Ummmmmmmm...
Tenchi taking his penis out and standing is shocked as Ryoko lowers herself
to the floor. Ryoko opens her mouth her tongue licking the head of Tenchi's
penis.
Tenchi:MMMmghhhh....
Tenchi's body jerks. Ryoko lowers her mouth licking half of Tenchi's cock.
Tenchi places his hand on the shelf as he almost falls back moaning. Ryoko
smiles as she goes down on Tenchi sucking his cock hard and flicking it with

his tongue. Her saliva washes over Tenchi's cock growing wetter and stiffer
as Ryoko continues her unexpected onslaught on Tenchi.
Tenchi: MMMph...Ryoko...God...
Ryoko smiles Tenchi picks her up from the floor, Kissing Ryoko turns around
lowering herself. With one hand Tenchi guides his hard member inside of
Ryoko.
Ryoko and Tenchi: MMMMmmmmmmm....
Tenchi begins slowly remembering her to be virtually new to all this.
Ryoko's
head bobs up and down, as Tenchi thrust into Ryoko.
Ryoko: Mph...Mph...Mph...Tenchi... go faster...
Tenchi thrust into Ryoko pounding into her Ryoko let's out a small scream
then subsides to low steady moans.
Ryoko pushes Tenchi off her. Tenchi is taken by surprise as Ryoko climbs on
top of him kissing Tenchi. Ryoko reaches behind her back grabbing Tenchi's
cock and stroking it back and forth Tenchi moans.
Tenchi:Oh..Ryoko...
Tenchi's head drops moving back and forth from the pleasure as Ryoko rubs
his
member.
Tenchi: Ryoko!...no...no we can't do this not here.
Ryoko hangs her head down in frustration, but quickly kisses Tenchi. Ryoko:
Why not Tenchi...
Ryoko says with a grin on her face.
Tenchi stares at Ryoko.
Ryoko smiles.
Ryoko: School right... right..
Tenchi walks out of the broom closet his pants on. Ryoko is gone from sight
the broom closet empty. Tenchi looks up through a skylight in the school
seeing Ryoko fly off. Tenchi smiles, and walks to class.