No Need for Sickness
By Around the Fur

    Here's my newest story.  Surprisingly enough,it's not a multi-parter.
All the characters in this fic belong to AIC and Pioneer,so don't sue me
cause I'm flat broke.  Also all products belong to their respective
companies.  Some lemon scenes,so turn around if you're under 18.  Also,this
fic is based on a fic called "Jitterbug",which in turn is based on a manga
short in the manga series,but most of the stuff was changed.  As they
say,impersonation is the highest form of flattery.

The Masaki household...

    Everyone was gathered around the couch in the living room.  Noboyuki had
called a meeting.
    "Alright everyone.  My firm's given me tickets for my vacation.  I
haven't had a vacation in over five years,and I'm going to bring all of
you."
Noboyuki explained.
    "So where we going?" Ryoko asked,phasing next to Noboyuki as she did.
    "We're going to a beach resort near the Kyoto Peninsula." Noboyuki said.
    "Wow!  That sounds like fun!" Mihoshi piped in.
    "Wait,where's Sasami?" Tenchi asked curiously.  He hadn't seen her all
day.  As if on cue,Sasami stumbled downstairs,still in her pajamas.  Her
face
was deathly white and she was moving very slowly.
    "Are you alright,Sasami?" Ayeka asked as she rushed to check on her
sister before she almost collapsed.
    "I don't feel too good." Sasami moaned.  Ayeka held a hand to Sasami's
forehead.
    "She's burning up.  Here,let's get you on the couch." Ayeka said as she
helped her sister to the couch.  Noboyuki and Katsuhito got off the couch
and
helped set Sasami down.  Washuu made her way over to her and took her
tempurature.
    "Hmmmm.  108.  You're definately sick,Sasami." Washuu said,disposing of
the thermometer.
    "Someone's going to have to stay behind to take care of her." Katsuhito
observed.
    "I'll stay." Tenchi spoke up.
    "No no,Tenchi.  You don't have to stay." Sasami pleaded.
    "Well,someone has to,and I'm the only other person here who knows how to
cook." Tenchi explained.  The whole group gave a resounding "Hey!" before
Tenchi backed away.
    "Alright then.  It's decided.  Tenchi will stay here to take care of
Sasami." Katsuhito spoke.
    "Hold it.  If Tenchi stays,I'm staying,too." Ryoko spoke up,phasing to
Tenchi's side.
    "Now wait just a minute,Ryoko!" Ayeka began.
    "It's alright,Ryoko.  I don't want to ruin your vacation.  You go ahead
and go." Tenchi said as he got a blanket and laid it out over Sasami.
    "Oh come on.  I can take care of sick people!" Ryoko pleaded.
    "I think Lord Tenchi can handle this by himself." Ayeka butted in.
    "You stay out of this." Ryoko said angrily,summoning an energy ball.
    "Alright that's enough.  Ryoko can stay,I guess.  It would be easier to
have an extra set of hands." Tenchi admitted.  Ryoko blew a raspberry at
Ayeka and turned toward Tenchi.
    "Thanks Tenchi!" she exclaimed out of sheer happiness.
    "Alright,we'll be leaving in about an hour.  Everybody get packed."
Noboyuki said as he started upstairs to his room to pack.

An hour later...

    Everyone was packed and ready to go.  Ryoko and Tenchi waved goodbye as
everyone else headed for Noboyuki's van.
    "Shotgun!" Katsuhito shouted as he made for the front passenger seat.
    "Not on my watch!" Washuu called as she forced Katsuhito away from the
door.
    "Hmph." was all Katsuhito had to say as he headed for the back seat.
The
van zoomed off for the airport.  Tenchi and Ryoko headed back inside.
    "Hey,Ryoko,could you get a pillow for Sasami's head?" Tenchi asked as he
headed for the kitchen to prepare an early lunch for Sasami.  He pulled some
soup ingedients from the cabinet and turned on the oven.  He also pulled a
container of instant gelatin(not Jell-o,that's brand name association) from
a
shelf and started on making some for later.  Meanwhile,Ryoko returned with a
nice,fluffy pillow and set it under Sasami's head.
    "Thank you." Sasami said before errupting in a fit of coughing.
    "Yipes.  that sounds pretty bad.  I'll go see if Washuu has anything in
her lab." Ryoko said as she phased through the door to Washuu's lab.

Washuu's lab...

    Ryoko searched around the darkness for a power switch.  Finding one,she
flipped it,resulting in light filling the vastness of Washuu's lab.  Ryoko
searched around the lab until she found a sign that said "Medical Ward."
Ryoko walked in and began rummaging through medicine cabinets and shelves.
She found Washuu's pink nurse uniform.
    "Hmmm.  That might come in handy later." Ryoko said to herself.  She
finally found a bottle marked "Miracle Medicine:take 2 every 5 hours for
ages
10 and up."  Ryoko put it in her pocket and phased back to the living room.

Meanwhile,at the hotel...

    Washuu had headed up to her room right after Noboyuki had checked in.
She opened the door and set down her stuff on one of the twin beds.
    "Alright,time to see what passes as a bath in this place.  I've been
cooped up in that van too long.  Not to mention that plane.  A super genius
like me shouldn't have to fly coach!" she said to no one in particular as
she
undressed and put a green robe on.  After drawing herself a bath,she sat
down
and started to soak.
    "Well,this isn't too bad,they even have little soaps and shampoo
containers.  I wonder why I never thought of that." Washuu said as she sunk
into the warm water.

A while later...

Washuu stepped out of the bathroom and headed for her bed,when she spotted
Mihoshi unpacking her things.
    "Oh,hey Mihoshi.  Whatcha doing?" Washuu asked as she dried her hair
with
a towel.
    "I'm going to go down to the pool.  Wanna come?" Mihoshi asked
cheerfully.
    "No thanks.  I'm gonna stay up here for a while and get situated."
Washuu
said as she unpacked some clothes from her impossibly small suitcase.
    "Oh,okay.  Well,see ya!" Mihoshi said as she left.
    Washuu started to disrobe when something caught her eye.  Something
shiney on the left wall that connected to Noboyuki's room.  Washuu walked
over to the wall,and swiped at the far corner.  A camera fell out.
    "Noboyuki,you hentai!  Don't even think about doing something like this
again!" Washuu screamed angrily.
    "Hey,you have no proof that I was spying on you...oh poop." Noboyuki's
voice faded.
    "Well,that takes care of that.  I wonder where Ayeka is?" Washuu said as
Ayeka walked in.
    "Hey!  Who assigned me to luggage duty?" Ayeka fumed as she set down a
ton of bags and suitcases.
    "Heheh,sorry about that.  I should've given you a dolly,huh?" Washuu
apoligized.
    "You're damn straight you should have!" Ayeka said as she lay down on
the
other bed.
    "Wait a minute,there's only two beds?!  But there's three of us!" Ayeka
exclaimed.
    "Looks like someone's gonna have to sleep with Mihoshi." Washuu said.
    "Uh uh,not me.  She drools." Ayeka protested.
    "Oh,come on.  We'll flip for it," Washuu said,pulling out a coin which
looked suspiciously double-headed,"Call it in the air."
    "Tails!" Ayeka screamed.  The coin landed on the bed,heads.
    "Oh crap." Ayeka said.  Washuu disposed of the coin before Ayeka could
get a good look at it.
    "Well,I'm going down to the beach.  You're welcome to come with me if
you
want." Washuu said as she stepped into the bathroom to change.
    "Alright.  Maybe we'll see Mihoshi there." Ayeka said as she began to
change.

Down at the beach...

    The girls had met Mihoshi before they headed to the beach,and Ayeka said
she would meet up with them later.  Mihoshi said she would be wearing a big
straw hat so Ayeka could easily spot them.  Now Ayeka was drudging through
the hot sand,thankful for her sandals.  She spotted a large straw hat,and
realized it was Mihoshi's.
    "Finally." Ayeka muttered.  She walked over to where they were,but was
surprised when she got there.
    "EEK!  Why are you naked?!" Ayeka screamed frantically.
    "Don't you know?  This is a nude beach.  Besides,you don't want tan
lines
all over,do you?" Washu asked.
    "I guess not..." Ayeka trailed off.
    "C'mon Ayeka!  You don't have to worry about anything.  You don't have a
tail or anything,do you?" Mihoshi asked.  Ayeka laughed timidly and slipped
out of her one-piece swim suit.
    "That's the spirit!" Mihoshi exclaimed.  Ayeka slowly sat down on a
lunge
chair provided by Washuu.
    "Hmm,this is actually kinda nice." Ayeka said to herself.
    "Here's some sunscreen.  You don't wanna burn,right?" Washuu said as she
handed her a bottle of SPF 35.

Meanwhile,at the house...

    Sasami slept quietly on the couch as Tenchi and Ryoko sat tired on
chairs
next to the couch.
    "Whew.  I'm bushed." Tenchi managed to say.
    "You can say that again." Ryoko muttered.
    "So now that Sasmai's asleep,what do you want to do?" Tenchi asked.
Ryoko immediately sprang to life.
    "Well,now that you mention it,Tenchi..." Ryoko said seductively in that
oh-so sexy voice of hers.
    "Uh,I think I'll go check on the uh,the...food.  Yeah,that's it,the
food." Tenchi said nervously as he slipped into the kitchen.
    "Oh pooh." Ryoko said before she sneezed.

Back at the beach...

    "It's just that I think Ryoko's not much of a threat to me,pass me
another margarita,would you?" Ayeka said,slightly slurring.  Washuu obliged
and pulled another drink from sub-space.
    "I mean,sure she's got big tits,but I have personality!" Ayeka ranted.
Mihoshi glanced down at her own chest,then back at Ayeka,who had already
launched into another rant.  Washuu sighed and cursed her infinite supply of
alcoholic beverages.
    "Ayeka can be a real bitch when she's drunk." Washuu observed.

Later...

    Ayeka bacame so drunk that Mihoshi and Washuu had to help her all the
way
back to the hotel room,where the drunk princess promptly passed out on the
bed.  It was getting dark,so Mihoshi got ready for bed.
    "Hey,do I have to sleep with Ayeka tonight?" Mihoshi asked as she
slipped
into her pajama top.
    "Not tonight,she's too drunk.  You can sleep with me for now." Washuu
assured her.
    "Alright!" Mihoshi exclaimed as she hopped.  Washuu picked up the remote
and turned on the t.v.
    "Let's see what's on tonight." Washuu said to herself as she started
flipping through channels.  she decided that she would watch whatever
channel
she stopped on.  Luck would have it that she stopped on one of the porn
channels.  An idea started to spin its way into Washuu's mind.
    "Nah,Mihoshi's only a few feet away.  Maybe later." Washuu whispered to
herself as she turned the t.v. off just as Mihoshi walked back in.
    "Boy,I'm tired!" Mihoshi said with a yawn as she hopped into bed with
Washuu.
    "Good night Mihoshi." Washuu said as she turned the light off.
    "Good night Washuu." Mihoshi said.  A moment passed by before Mihoshi
turned the light on next to her.
    "Hey,Washuu?" Mihoshi whispered,nudging the little scientist.
    "Yes,what is it?" Washuu said sleepily.
    "This is kinda embarrassing,but I'm used to sleeping with a teddy
bear..." Mihoshi trailed off.  Washuu groaned and produced Mr. Fuzzy
from...somewhere.
    "It's Mr. Fuzzy!  Thanks Washuu!" Mihoshi exclaimed as she grabbed the
bear and instantly fell asleep.  Washuu groaned and tried to sleep.

Meanwhile...

    "C'mon Tenchi!  No one else is around and Sasami's fast asleep!  No one
will know!" Ryoko said,pleading with Tenchi.
    "No,Ryoko." Tenchi said sternly.  Ryoko pouted and floated off.
    "Well if you won't,I guess I'll have to myself." she said before she
dissapeared into her room.
    "Fine,whatever.  I'm going to bed." Tenchi said as he walked off to his
room.  as he was just setting of to sleep,a loud moan came from Ryoko's
room,followed by several others.
    "Cut it out Ryoko!  I'm trying to sleep!" Tenchi said,knocking on the
wall next to him.  Ryoko phased into his room and pounced on him.
    "So did ya change your mind?" Ryoko said smiling.
    "Alright,fine,if it'll get you to cut the noise out.  Here." Tenchi said
as he handed Ryoko the key to his dad's library.
    "Thanks Tenchi!" Ryoko said before kissing him and phasing away.
    "Maybe now I can get some sleep..." Tenchi said as he yawned and drifted
off to sleep.

The next day...

    Tenchi carried a tray of food out to the den.  Sasami sat up as Tenchi
set the tray down next to her.  He took a bowl of soup from the tray and set
it down on Sasami's lap.  Sasami took a spoonful and choked it down.
    "Blech!  What is this stuff?  It's really salty!" Sasami exclaimed.
    "It's some kind of American soup.  Something called 'Camp-bells'.  I
heard it was good for sick people.  I wonder what you have anyway..."  As if
on cue,Ryoko walked out of Noboyuki's library.
    "Oh,hey Ryoko.  Find anything?" Sasami asked.  Ryoko nodded.
    "After doing some reaserch in the non-hentai section of the library,I
found out what you have Sasami.  It's something called 'mononucleosis',and
some symptoms include extreme exaustion,coughing,sore throat,etc.  But the
odd thing is how a person gets it.  It can only infect someone two ways:an
advanced form of strept throat,another earth disease,or if a person kisses
an
infected person.  What bothers me is that you never mentioned having strept
throat before,so that leaves me to believe..." Ryoko trailed on.  Tenchi
looked bug-eyed at Sasami.
    "Sasami,you mean you...and-and-and someone..." Tenchi stuttered.  Sasami
nodded weakly.
    "Hey,I always knew she had it in her." Ryoko admitted.
    "I know,I know.  But please don't tell anyone,especially Ayeka.  If she
finds out I'll never hear the end of it!  Please Ryoko!  Please Tenchi!"
Sasami pleaded.
    "Don't worry,Sasami.  Your secret's safe with us,right Tenchi?" Ryoko
asked.  Tenchi's jaw was still on the floor.
    "Geez,Tenchi.  You're catchin flies there." Ryoko pointed out.  Tenchi
snapped out of it.
    "Right.  We won't tell anyone." he assured.
    "Thanks you guys." Sasami said before dozing off again.

Back at the hotel...

    The first day at the hotel had been fine and sunny.  The second
day,however,was dreary and rainy.  Ayeka,Washuu,and Mihoshi sat around their
hotel room,bored beyond comparison.
    "Little Washuu,can't you do something about this weather?" Ayeka
asked,sprawled across the bed.
    'That's one of the disadvantages to this planet,the weather is
unpredictable and unchangable.  We'll just have to find something else to
do." Washuu griped.
    "Well,there's nothing on t.v." Mihoshi reported.
    "Let's order room service.  It's going to Noboyuki's bill,right?" Washuu
said as Ayeka picked up the phone.

Hours later...

    Empty plates adorned the room and the three girls laid around on the
beds,full and semi-content.
    "So what do we do now?  We've ordered every dessert on the menu." Ayeka
complained.
    "How about we go into town and find a mall or something?" Mihoshi
suggested.
    "How would we get there?  I'm not to sure Noboyuki would let any of us
drive even the rental car." Washuu pointed out.
    "Hey,I have a driver's license,remember?" Mihoshi chimed in.  Ayeka and
Washuu both imagined what would happen if Mihoshi were to drive.  Both
shuddered and tried to think of something else to do.
    I'm still kinda worried about Tenchi,what with Ryoko being alone with
them and all." Ayeka said.
    "Don't forget that Sasami's with them,so no need to worry.  While I was
checking up on those two,they did nothing but take care of her." Washuu
reported.
    "Aww,that's so cute." Mihoshi cooed.
    "I know!  How about a board game?" Ayeka suggested.
    "Alright.  How about Risk." Washuu said.
    "I think you should keep away from a game about taking over the
world..."
Ayeka said.  Washuu grumbled and pounted.
    "How about Candyland?" Mihoshi said.  Beofer anyone could object,she had
pulled out the game and set it up...

Back at the house...


    Tenchi had left for town to get some groceries,leaving Ryoko and Sasami
alone.
    "I'm feeling a lot better.  Thanks,Ryoko." Sasami said.
    "You should really thank Tenchi.  He's the one who decided to stay to
take care of you.  So Sasami,Tenchi's not around,so you can tell me,right?"
Ryoko asked.
    "I guess so,but you gotta promise not to tell anyone." Sasami said.
    "I promise." Ryoko said.
    "Alright.  I don't know how to tell you this but it was...Kiyone..."
Sasami managed.
    "What?!  I don't believe this!  How did this happen?" Ryoko asked
frantically.
    "Well,it all started a few days ago..." Sasami led on.

Flashback,two days ago...

    Sasami had just got finished with the breakfast dishes when the doorbell
rang.  She hurried to the door,and was surprised to see Kiyone at the door.
    "Hey Kiyone.  What are you doing here?" Sasami asked.
    "I just dropped by to pick up Mihoshi.  We're due back at Headquarters
in
a few days.  Is she here?" Kiyone asked,poking her head in the doorway.
    "She went with Tenchi to go see a movie.  They should be back in a
little
while." Sasami said.
    "Oh.  Do you mind if I stayed here till she gets back?" Kiyone asked.
    "Not at all.  Come on in.  I'll fix some tea." Sasami said cheerfully as
Kiyone walked in and sat down on the couch.  Sasami came out a second later
carrying a tray with tea resting on it.  She poured Kiyone and herself a cup
and sat down.
    "So why are you and Kiyone going back to Headquarters?" Sasami asked as
she took a sip.
    "We recently arrested a bunch of felons involved in a drug ring.  I hope
this'll be the case that gets me promoted." Kiyone said hopefully.
    "I wish it was that exciting around here.  All that happens is the
occasional fight between Ryoko and Ayeka and if one of Washuu's creations
gets loose." Sasami said,heavily sighing.
    "Well,if you want,I could show you a little excitement..." Kiyone
trailed.
    "Really?  What did you have in mind..." Sasami barely got out before
Kiyone leaned forward and locked into a kiss with Sasami.  The cup she was
holding fell from her hand and fell to the floor,breaking and spilling tea
on
the carpet.  Meanwhile,Ryo-ohki was just waking up from her mid-morning nap.
    "Miya?" she mewed as she heard the sound of a cup breaking downstairs.
She tumbled down the stairs to see what had happened.
    "Miya!" she mewed surprisedly,almost passing out at the site before her.
Kiyone was still kissing Sasami,but her hand started to trail down Sasami's
body.  She suddenly broke the kiss.
    "That's all you get for now.  If you want more,just ask.  There's
Mihoshi.  See you around..." Kiyone said as she left.  Sasami was left in a
trance-like state.  A mew from Ryo-ohki snapped her out of it.
    "Huh?  Oh no,a cup must've fallen and now it's broken!  I should pick
that up before someone gets hurt..." Sasami said as she left to get the
broom
and dirtpan.  Ryo-ohki noticed a wet stain on the front of her dress,but
passed it off as a tea stain and jumped off for the kitcken,wiping the blood
dripping from her nose with a free paw.

Back at the house...

    "So that's what happened?  Sounds like Kiyone was just venting some
built
up emotions." Ryoko guessed.
    "I guess so,but the odd thing is,I think I liked it..." Sasami carried
on.
    "No way!  I can't believe it!" Ryoko exclaimed.
    "Please don't tell anyone...  Please?" Sasami pleaded once more.
    "Don't worry.  Your secret's safe with me,but at a price..." Ryoko said
with a devilish grin.  Before Sasami could get a word in edgewise,Ryoko
leaned forward and locked into a kiss with Sasami.  Ryoko's hands moved
slowly over Sasami's body,stripping her as she went.  Sasami broke the kiss.
    "Wait.  I don't think I'm ready for this..." Sasami said.
    "Don't worry,I won't do anything to hurt you,alright?" Ryoko said
reasurredly.  Sasami nodded reluctantly and laid back on the couch.
    "Well,it's not much to work with,but let's see what I can do." Ryoko
said
before kissing her way down from sasami's neck,lingering on her small
nipples
for a while,making Sasami moan.  She made her way down Sasami's smooth
stomach.  She finally reached her core,which was already moist with
excitement.
    "Please...Ryoko...Please..." Sasami moaned.  Ryoko probed around with
her
tongue,licking Sasami's clit,which only made her moan louder.  She let out a
scream as she spilled her juices all over Ryoko's face.  Ryoko sat up and
leaned over a panting Sasami.
    "So was it good?" she asked.  Sasami nodded,still trying to catch her
breath from her first orgasm.  Ryoko heard footsteps coming up the path to
the house.
    "Uh-oh.  Sounds like Tenchi's home.  Here,get dressed and pretend you're
asleep.  We'll finish this later..." Ryoko said,handing Sasami her clothes.
She got dressed quickly and ducked under the comforter on the couch,trying
her best to look and sound asleep.
    "I'm home!" Tenchi proclaimed,stepping through the door with an armful
of
groceries.
    "Hey Tenchi!" Ryoko said from the couch.
    "Hey Ryoko.  What's that stuff on your lip?" Tenchi asked,gesturing to
the liquid on Ryoko's lower lip.
    "Oh,uh,that's-that's uh,sake?" Ryoko lied.
    "You really think you should be drinking around Sasami like that?
Please
don't." Tenchi said...

    Well,there it is.  I'll probably end up doing a sequal if I get enough
feedback,or not,seeing as I'm dying to do one...  Comments and criticism are
always welcome,as well as suggestions.  E-mail me at Foxsmarty@aol.com.
