MYOKO’S NOTE:

YESSSSSSSSS!! Part 3!!! I hope you people have been patient. I had to think
long and extremely hard to figure out who will win. Based on your e-mails
folks, I found the winner! And how it will end sometime in the future...
may-be. Thank you for all your support!! And a special thank you to Bongert
and his cute e-mail!! If you’re reading this, hope you enjoy my fic! Luv ya!
MUAH! =^.~=

Ok, no intro for _this_ part. Don’t wanna spoil the plot you know. Well,
here we go!

----------------------------------------------------------------------

No Need for a Love to Call My Own

Chapter 4: Part 3

Let the Battle Commence... For Forever Has Now Begun

By: Myo Myo

     “Tenchi?”

     “Yes, grandpa?”

     “Are you ready?”

     “Hai! I’ll beat Nagi. I won‘t lose to her!”

     “Have you ever thought of how Ryoko feels towards Nagi, Tenchi?”

     “Ryoko doesn’t love Nagi, grandpa. Nagi has messed with Ryoko’s head.
I‘ll show her. She thinks she can take _my_ Ryoko away...”

     “True love can transpire into a sin, Tenchi.”

     “Wha? What do you mean, grandpa?”

     Katsuhito sighed quietly, walking to the back of the shrine. He stared
out into the horizon as Tenchi stepped up beside him, gazing along with him.
Tenchi grew impatient by the silence, picking off the dried wood from the
banister. He saw Katsuhito, hands behind his back, face; distant, and eyes
staring off into the vastness. Tenchi felt as if he were going to explode.
He bashed his fist onto the banister.

     “What did you mean ‘true love can transpire into a sin’ grandpa?! Ryoko
_is_ my true love. She is definitely no sin, grandpa.”

     “Tenchi, have you ever stopped to think about _how_ Ryoko will react to
the death of Nagi? How she will feel about you when you do away with her?
How much she‘ll want to crush you?”

     “She will be free of the torment that Nagi has exposed to Ryoko. And
she will know that Nagi’s love mislead Ryoko to believe it was true. I‘ll
show you, grandpa. Ryoko and I were meant to be. Nagi was just an annoyance
in which I will defeat for the love of Ryoko. This battle will prove that
Ryoko was mine from the start.”

     “Tenchi, you are thinking with your heart with too much confidence. You
must think with your mind. If you _did_ beat Nagi, you may think Ryoko will
love you. BUT, she can turn and try to hurt you for what you have done.
Which is the sin of my saying. And the fact that I’ve noticed you only felt
you and Ryoko were meant to be _after_ Nagi abducted her.”

     “Before that, you were all over Ayeka, insisting on giving her anything
she needed. Do you remember when Ryoko came to you in front of the household
that one afternoon after you and Ayeka took that walk up the mountainside,
Tenchi?”

     “H-hai, grandpa. Why?”

     “Do you remember what she asked you?”

     “Hai, she asked me if I wanted to go on a picnic with her.”

     “And how did you respond to such a question?”

     “...by ...by shouting at her that it... it would be some sick scheme to
sleep... with me...”

     Katsuhito sighed, pushing up his glasses and continued by turning,
walking towards the front of the shrine, and moved down the steps. Tenchi
gave one quick glance at the horizon before chasing after his grandpa.
Katsuhito stopped midway and sat down, gesturing that Tenchi do the same. As
Tenchi sat, Katsuhito wiped his glasses.

     “But... grandpa... what does that have anything to do with it?”

     “Ryoko came to me that same day, pouring out her heart to me about how
she was wrong about you, Tenchi. That she never knew what she saw in you.
And that you were just for Ayeka and she would never fall for you again.”

     “What? But... I.. I thought it was some scheme...”

     “Tenchi, Ryoko isn’t all schemes and pranks you know. She does have a
heart. A heart in which _you_ broke due your quick indiscreet thinking.”

     “But-”

     Katsuhito held up his hand, silencing Tenchi. Tenchi’s mouth clamped
shut as Katsuhito put his hand back down on his knee and resumed speaking.

     “Ryoko also said that she somehow got a hold of Nagi. She revealed to
me that _abduction scam_. But promised to have me dead if I said one word.
Ryoko had an undeniable craving to see that Bounty Huntress again.”

     “That was just a scam!?”

     “Yes, but Nagi hadn’t expected Ryoko to fall in love with her the
minute after their love making. Which surprised her a bit. She thought Ryoko
wasn’t the type to say such things. As Nagi left, she saw me and we sat,
talking about how Nagi felt about the plan.”

     “She said Ryoko had to make it so that _you_ would think she was going
to get her and do harm to her. Because it wouldn’t make any sense for Nagi
to just come down and scoop her up. She had to make a diversion to throw you
off and not think Ryoko just wanted to see Nagi because she loved her. And
that Ryoko had to think as if she _was_ abducted and that she didn’t want to
be there because of that link between her and Washu.”

     “But... why, grandpa?”

     “Because it’s Nagi she really desires, Tenchi. Ryoko noticed it when
you tore her apart. That even after all those times Nagi tried to hurt her,
Ryoko felt something more than hatred towards Nagi, but a desire to be with
her. She thought she liked you. But the more you talked to Ayeka, the more
distant she felt.”

     “Huh!? But, Nagi was going to hurt Ryoko!? Member on that planet when
Nagi had kidnapped me?! And... and I didn‘t mean to... reject Ryoko...”

     “Nagi only kidnapped _you_ to get to Ryoko, Tenchi. If Ryoko thought
Nagi was going to hurt you, she would go after Nagi. Just as Nagi wanted her
to. Nagi was only doing that to hide her true feelings for Ryoko, Tenchi.
What would you think if Nagi came out of no where and said she loved Ryoko
in front of you and everyone else?”

     “We’d most likely gawk and stutter.”

     “Exactly.”

     Beep! Beep! Beep! Tenchi looked at his watch, jumping up in alarm. He
leaped over three steps, stopping to remember that his grandfather was still
there, turned and stated his departure.

     “It’s time. Gotta go grandpa.”

     “Tenchi!”

     “Huh, what is it grandpa?”

     “Remember what you’re doing. True love can and may transpire into a
sin. Stop and think about Ryoko’s true feelings.”

     Tenchi stared at his grandfather once more before continuing descending
down the steps. Katsuhito stood, sighing once more. He knew someone has been
listening to their conversation all the while. He only brought up the fact
about Nagi and Ryoko’s love for one person and one person only.

     “You can come out now. He left for the battle with Nagi.”

     “Do you think he’ll reconsider? About the fight I mean?”

     “Who knows? Until he sees for himself who Ryoko really wishes, he may
end up hurting Nagi or worse.. killing her.”

     “Ryoko really cares about Nagi, Katsuhito. I’ve known for sometime that
there has been some on going connection every time they would meet. Plus the
fact that neither Nagi nor Ryoko have the hearts to do away with each other.
Both feeling affection for one another. But I was fooled when Ryoko kept
thinking to herself, confusing me, making me believe Nagi was after her.”

     “Wait a minute, wasn’t there a man Nagi has been with?”

     “You mean Kou Leifoh?”

     “Yes, what ever happened to him? He seemed to catch Nagi‘s attention...
I believe Ryoko‘s as well...”

     “He works downtown somewhere in a bar. It may seem that if Nagi and
Ryoko succeed in this battle, that they have some _use_ for him. If you know
what I mean? Hee hee... ^.~”

     “I don’t think I want to know, Washu. I don’t think I want to know.”

ON A PATH TO THE BATTLE...

     “Nagi, please! Think about what you’re doing! NAGI! GOD DAMNIT! STOP A
MINTUE AND LISTEN TO ME!?”

     Nagi stopped dead in her tracks as Ryoko finally caught up to her,
breathing hard. She grabbed Nagi by the shoulder, turning her around,
forcing her to look into her eyes.

     “Nagi, you don’t have to do this. We... we can run away, you and me.
You won’t have to fight. We’ll be together forever. And no one will ever
come between us and our love. Please don’t fight, Nagi. I’m begging you.
Tenchi will tear you apart! Please *sniff*... don’t fight.”

     Ryoko fell in her arms once more, holding Nagi tight to her, crying
softly. Nagi closed her eyes and held Ryoko. She lifted Ryoko’s face with
her finger, holding it underneath her chin. Nagi stared into Ryoko’s hazel
eyes.

     “I must, Ryoko. I can’t let that boy think I’m a coward. I refuse to
surrender to such an impudent fool. Ryoko, I promise when this fight is
over, you and I will go so far away, we’ll be able to brag about it.”

     “But... *sniff* what about Kou? I want him to come too. He can be our
little slave and do stuff *sniff* when we don’t feel like it.”

     “Hmm. I guess he can come too. He can clean up after our time together.
Or after all _three_ of us are done.”

     Ryoko smiled, hugging Nagi. Ryoko looked into her eyes, slowly leaning
forward and pressing a kiss to those lips. Those lips that Ryoko wanted so
badly right then and there. Those lips to trail kisses hot like fire down
her body. As Ryoko sighed in dismay, knowing the kiss would end, she pulled
back, trying to force a smile.

     “I will win for you, Ryoko.”

     Nagi then turned on her heel and continued walking with Ryoko on her
arm, clinging onto her tightly.

AT THE FIELD...

     “Tenchi?”

     “Yes, Ayeka?”

     “What will you do... once the battle is over?”

     “I-I don’t know...”

     “If you love me, Tenchi, why fight for someone you don’t love more than
just a friend?”

     Tenchi turned to meet stern red eyes. He sighed, pulling Ayeka close
into an embrace. He stroked her soft violet hair tenderly as she sighed into
his chest, snuggling closer.

     “I... I have to fight, Ayeka. I can’t back down now. The battle is to
begin soon.”

     “But think about it, Tenchi. If Ryoko wants Nagi and you want me, why
should you fight for a love that will be carrying no great weight towards
the end?”

     “...”

     “Tenchi!”

     Tenchi’s head jolted to the sound of his name from a certain woman who
he was destined to defeat one way or another. Ayeka peaked over Tenchi’s
shoulder. Ryoko stood her ground holding Nagi’s arm. Nagi’s eyes were fixed
on Tenchi’s. Ayeka handed him Sword Tenchi as he grasped it, getting into
position. Ryoko did the same for Nagi as she got into position as well. Both
stood, staring and glaring at one another. Nagi grinned as Tenchi’s eyebrow
raised questioningly.

     “Let the battle commence... for forever has now begun!”

     “HYAHHH!!”

     “YAHHH!!”

     Tenchi charged at Nagi as she bolted towards him at the same speed.
Ayeka stood next to Ryoko on the side, both worried sick about them both,
but having the strength to hide their sincere emotions. Washu, Mihoshi,
Nobyuki, Ryo-Ohki, Ken-Ohki and Sasami, all stood watching the two duke it
out in an all out duel to the death.

     Katsuhito stood behind some trees, eyeing this meaningless battle.
<Tenchi, I know you know the right thing to do...> He then turned and
disappeared into the brush, shadow fading into the distance.

     ZZZZRROOOMM! CLANG! ZZZZOOOOOMMMM! CLING! SHOOOOOOMMMM!

     Tenchi counter-attacked a slash from Nagi’s sword. He jumped up and
landed swiftly behind Nagi, who easily dodged a stab from the mighty Sword
Tenchi. She turned, lashing as Tenchi barely escaped the blazing sword as he
stumbled backwards, throwing him off balance, leaving Nagi an opportunity.

     She grinned, running forward with her sword towards Tenchi’s form. He
looked up, seeing Nagi running towards him. Tenchi started running in the
opposite direction, running backwards, lashing about, clinging and clanging
with Nagi’s Energy sword. A rock appeared behind Tenchi, not noticing it in
time to evade it.

     Tenchi tripped backwards over the rock. But seeing Nagi dashing towards
him, sparked an idea. He quickly brought his feet up to meet with Nagi’s
abdomen. As he hit the ground, the weight of Nagi compressed his legs,
acting like a spring as Nagi lost balance, flying up and over him. Tenchi
rolled backwards will Nagi on his feet, then hurled Nagi into the air as she
crashed onto a group of jagged rocks a few feet behind them.

     “GYYAAAHHHHHHHHH!”

     “NAGI!”

     Ryoko screamed, holding her hands up to her mouth in shock as tears
filled her eyes. Ayeka was a bit worried too. Tenchi got up quickly as Nagi
did the same, holding a wound on her shoulder as blood was seen on her legs
and face. Nagi held up her sword, symbolizing without words that the battle
will continue. They continued to duel anyway with all they had, slashing and
lashing with all their might. Nagi was slower now that wounds came into
being, allowing Tenchi new chances to defeat her. He flew behind her with
blinding speed and punched her wound.

     “UHHHHHNNNNNN!!”

     Tenchi stabbed Nagi’s thigh, kicking her hip to throw her off his
sword. Nagi screamed as she fell to the ground. Finding strength, she got
up, not wanting to lose to Tenchi. She stood shakily, glaring at Tenchi with
hatred burning into crimson. But, with the pain settling in, Nagi had to
lower herself to the ground to catch her breath. Blood was everywhere on
her. She removed her hand from her shoulder to examine it, blood sliding off
her fingertips and onto the dusty ground. Tenchi was the one to grin now.

      “What’s the matter, Nagi? Can’t you fight?”

      “F-fuck you, Tenchi..”

     Nagi said cringing somewhat from the pain, placing her hand back over
her wound. She looked over at Ryoko. Ryoko was in tears, Ayeka and everyone
else too. Nagi’s eyes led them back to Tenchi. His quirky grin, those tight
clothes, that round face, and that marking on his forehead; symbolizing his
heir to Juraian Power.

     Nagi knew there wasn’t any chance. She was going to lose Ryoko. Nagi
held back her fears, she stood once more. Tenchi’s grin faded, seeing Nagi’s
form rise once more. Nagi wasn’t in the disposition to give up on Ryoko yet.
She held her sword up, ready for Tenchi. Tenchi’s face turned to anger.

     “When will you understand! There’s no way you can beat me in _that_
condition!”

     “How... much you... want to bet... boy?”

     “That’s it! No more games! Nagi, you will die as of now!”

     “NO!”

     Ryoko shouted as she tried to get to Nagi. Washu held her back. She
jerked Ryoko’s head, forcing her to look into her eyes.

     <You can’t! I know how you feel. Don’t give up hope yet.>

     <She’s gonna die...>

     <No, Tenchi’s grandfather had a talk with him, that I hope got through
to him.>

     <He’s brainless! I don’t want Tenchi, Washu! Why can’t he see?>

     <I don’t know... Just wait... calm down...>

     Washu loosened her grip on Ryoko, who slowly calmed down, relaxing,
allowing a few fresh tears escape her eyes. Nagi and Tenchi had been
watching the two stare at each other, knowing they were talking through
thought. Ryoko looked over at Nagi, who stared back, smiling faintly despite
the pain that was agonizing. Ryoko just shed more tears at the sight. Nagi’s
attention turned back to the task at hand.

     “Shall we continue, boy?”

     “Fine by me.”

     Nagi threw off her cloak, revealing several some eight maybe night
scratches and scars, gashes and wounds. Tenchi stood ready for the bounty.
Nagi got into position, wincing every so often, trying to forget the pain
she felt. Tenchi held his sword, glowing from the power. Ayeka gasped,
knowing what he was about to do. <He’s... he’s goning to use the Light Hawk
Wings... He can’t!>

     “Tenchi, stop!”

     “Stay out of this, Ayeka. This doesn’t concern you.”

     “...”

     Ayeka’s eyes stayed on Tenchi as he closed his eyes, the symbol on his
forehead, shining. Before she knew, the Light Hawk Wings had been set free.
Everyone’s eyes were now on Tenchi as he opened his eyes, glaring down Nagi
with intensity. His smile was broad now, feeling the power course through
his veins. He was confident that he would win.

    “Are you ready, Nagi?!”

    “... yes.”

    “Here we go! AHHHHH!”

    Nagi held her ground as his charge was far too extreme to block. She
flew back, crashing into a solid rock some ten feet away from her original
position. Tenchi flew forward, flying toward Nagi who was trying to gather
what just happened. Nagi cried out as he rammed his knee in her gut. She
yelped in pain, falling forward onto her hands and knees, tearing at the
ends of life to hold on. Tenchi kicked her in the side with power as
determination was written all over his face.

     “Oh no, Nagi!! Ayeka! Ryoko! Please help her!”

     Sasami wailed, grasping each of their hands and clasping them in her
own small hands, trails of tears on her petite face. Next to her, Mihoshi
wasn’t any better, tears making there way down her cheeks as she held
Washu’s shoulders, who, even as a genius, was crying too, trying her best to
hide it. Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki were snuggled close watching this battle,
meowing and trying not to give up hope for the bounty. Nobiyuki even,
sniffled, showing his concern towards Nagi’s condition and position.

     Nagi tried to shift but was unable to even move her fingers. Tenchi
walked over, kicking her over so he could see her face. He tilted his head
as he looked into her eyes, blood sliding down her forehead. Tenchi held his
sword up to her neck, tipping her chin up with the tip. Nagi’s breath was
ragged, due to the wounds on her body.

     “How does it feel, Nagi? To be beaten by a boy? Does it feel any
different now that it‘s you and not your prey? Any last words before you
die?”

     “Y-yes.. ughn...”

     “Say them.”

     “I... love you... Ryoko...”

     Sasami jumped and so did Ayeka, Washu, Mihoshi and Nobiyuki. Ryo-Ohki
and Ken-Ohki’s ears perking up. Ryoko couldn’t move. Those words dug deep
into her. She had to do something. She couldn’t let Tenchi do this. Ryoko
flew from her spot to the site of her lover. Shoving Tenchi aside, she slid
behind Nagi, wrapping her arms around Nagi’s waist, pulling her battered
body close to her own.

     “Tenchi, if you take her life, you damn as hell well better take
mine!!”

     “Ryoko, get out of the way!”

     “NO! Damnit, Tenchi, I don’t love you!!”

     “But-”

     “NO! You thought I loved you and you _were_ right. But I don’t because
of what you did to me, making look like some shitty loose woman in front of
everyone in the household, yelling at me like I was some sick fucking slut.
Well, I don’t love you, Tenchi! And if you want to kill Nagi, you kill me
too.”

     Ayeka held her hands up to her mouth in hock as Washu gasped quietly
along with Mihoshi and Nobiyuki. Ryo-Oki and Ken-Ohki both bounced on over
to their masters, and hopping carefully onto Nagi’s abdomen, extracting a
grunt from Nagi. Tenchi glared at the both of them. <But... but why...
Ryoko... Fine!> Tenchi shook off the feeling as he came to only one
conclusion. <You be together... you will die together...>

     “So be it. If dying with her is what you wish, fine by me.”

     Ryoko clung to Nagi tightly as Nagi glared up at Tenchi, squinting her
left eye as blood trailed down over it. Washu tried to connect with Ryoko,
but she couldn’t and didn’t know why. Mihoshi was now in tears as she
watched in horror with Ayeka, who’s face was white.

     Ayeka gasped as Tenchi raised his sword over the two. Ayeka couldn’t
watch as she turned her head. Washu’s fists were shaking uncontrollably as
her teeth ground together. Katsuhito also watched, but from a distance.

     Tenchi gripped his sword and brought it down! Ryoko and Nagi closed
their eyes as Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki did the same. Tenchi’s mind snapped for
a spit-second. Then......

----------------------------------------------------------------------

ED: HUH!?!

MYOKO: MWAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!

ED: CLIFFHANGER!?!?! NOOOOOOO!!!!

MYOKO: Heh heh heh... you know the drill peepz. No e-mails, no parts... Oh
no! What is Tenchi thinking!?!?

ED: He’s hungry like Ed!

MYOKO: No... he is not, Edward...

ED: Ed always feel better when she’s full! Mm Mm Mm!!

MYOKO: ANYWAY! Next part, I have started! But.... will I finish?!?! But,
will you all e-mail me??? Hmmmmm....

ED: People are nice. They will e-mail you Myo Myo!!

MYOKO: Yes yes, of course, they won’t let me down... Will you? Well, I hafta
finish the last part of this chapter. Then, onto chapter 5!

ED: Wow! There already! Well, come on people!! Type!! Bye bye!!

MYOKO: Gotta blaze!

=^.~=

^___________~