Part 4

Schee-boom

Schee-boom

Explosion in the house! Sasami on the ground!

Another Explosion! Balcony collapsed on Katshuhito!

Ryoko on the ground! Blood pouring out of her side!

Ayeka! Noboyuki! Their heads gone!

Washuu! Impaled by a beam!

A laugh! A high pitched laugh!

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

A figure in black. Tenchi the sword is in his hand. Tenchi is standing
clutching his arm.

A high pitched voice. "Where's your Light Hawk Wings, huh? AHAHAHAHAHA "Or
can't you think of anything to protect?" HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA "Is your little
Koneko gone?" AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH" screamed Tenchi.

"Tenchi! Tenchi! Wake-up!" yelled Ryoko. She was shaking him by his
shoulder, begging him to get up.

"No...No... RYOKO!" screamed Tenchi before he passed out.

Was he having a dream about me? She wondered. Why would he be screaming?

Then very carefully, she poked at his shoulder. Then she shock it. Tenchi's
eyes fluttered open for a minute. Then he was looking Ryoko in the eyes.

"Ryoko, what are you doing in my room?" Tenchi asked with his eyebrow going
up on his forehead. "Not that I am complaining at all." And with that he
reached his hand behind her head and pulled her down for a ten minute kiss
in which their tongues danced with each other, the nightmare forgotten.

Suddenly there was Sasami with her smile that made everyone love her and her
pink eyes flashing mischief. "Oooo Tenchi! Ryoko! Shame. Shame. Shame."

"Oh, get out of here you little tease!" exclaimed Tenchi with one of his
SMILEs. Ryoko couldn't do say anything. She was clutching at her sides and
trying to look mean when she was giggling uncontrollable.

"Breakfast is ready, you guys." Sasami said as she bounced out of the room
"And hurry before it gets cold." Unknown to Ryoko and Tenchi, Sasami was
deeply hurt with the turn of events that had taken place in the last few
days.

Tenchi had come down with Ryoko two days ago and they had announced that
they were officially going out.

Nobuyoki and Washuu got all misty-eyed and embraced crying all the while.
Katshuhito had been smiling his mysterious smile as though he knew they were
going to do this, but even he had trouble keeping a dry eye.

Although Sasami wasn't mad at Ryoko and she really hadn't thought Tenchi
would pick her but she could help feeling a little rejected. But she
couldn't worry about that, she had breakfast to deliver to Ayeka.

Ayeka hadn't come out of her room for four days. Several days before Ryoko's
and Tenchi's announcement she had refused to come out of her room. Not even
Tenchi could get her out and that meant it was serious.

"Ayeka?" Sasami called softly into the room. No answer. Sasami could see
from the bulge in the blankets that Ayeka was in her cot.

"Here's your breakfast." Sasami said putting down the tray. When she saw
yesterday's breakfast she picked the tray and left. The food was untouched.

When Sasami had made it back to the kitchen she noticed Ryoko and Tenchi
sitting awfully close at the table. That cut to Sasami's heart like a blade
but she steeled herself and put on a smile.

"Isn't that yesterday's breakfast?" Asked Katshuhito as he entered the
house. He had a worried look on his face.

"Yeah, I think Ayeka is sick." exclaimed Ryoko with real concern in her
voice.

"Well, maybe I should check up on her later today. I'll take her lunch up."
Katshuhito said, as he sat down for breakfast.

When Ryoko and Tenchi went to school and Nobuyoki gone to work and Mihoshi
on the other side of the galaxy and Washuu in her lab, it was pretty boring
with just Katshuhito and Sasami. When Sasami decided to go for a walk
Katshuhito had decided now was as good as ever to talk to Ayeka without any
distractions.

As he walked up to Ayeka's room he began to think about her situation. Ayeka
had come her looking for him, Yoshou, and found him as a widower and with a
grandson. He had tried to make a relationship grow between Tenchi and Ayeka
but to no avail.

As Katshuhito climbed the stairs he remembered an ancient Jurain custom. In
the custom if a woman had let one potential husband gone she had to find and
marry another within a year or she died. Later, this was lifted because to
many people were dying. But still in the Northern regions of the planet
Jurai the old customs were still practiced.

This is what worried Katshuhito. Ayeka had always followed the customs to
the letter, even very old ones that no one followed. If she was taught this
one she may be starving herself. Katshuhito hoped this was not the case.

"Ayeka?" He called into the room. No answer. "Ayeka, why are you starving
yourself?" Katshuhito asked as he scooted the tray of untouched food closer
to Ayeka.

"I'm not hungry." Was the short simple answer Ayeka gave.

"Are you sure? It's rice with an egg. Your favorite." Katshuhito said as he
sat cross-legged on the floor. "Mmm it sure does smell good."

"I said I'm not hungry."

"Ayeka, what is wrong?"

"Nothing."

Katshuhito finally got angry. He walked to Ayeka's cot and ripped the clothe
off her. He could tell from her face that she had been crying. She was
stripped down and he could see her ribs she was so skinny.

"I suppose you think I am ugly too!" Ayeka spat out at Katshuhito.
Katshuhito just sat down in front of her, only this time he was his younger
self.

"Now what would make you say that you are ugly?" Yoshou said with a smile on
his face. "You're a very beautiful young woman. Any man would be happy to
have you as a wife or even friend."

"NO! I am UGLY! I want to die!" Ayeka then put her head in her pillow and a
new flood of tears flowed.

"Now why would you think that?" Yoshou asked calmly as he gathered Ayeka in
his arms and rocked her.

"B-b-because t-that w-would be the o-o-only r-r-reason Tenchi w-w-would
g-g-g-go t-t-to h-her!" She said as she buried her head in his chest with a
new shower of tears.

Yoshou just sat there, holding his crying half-sister. He was surprised when
suddenly her lips were on his. She was kissing him! What really worried him
was he wasn't stopping her. He finally decided to stop and he pushed her
away. Then he saw the hurt in her eyes.

"See," she practically yelled "not even you like me!"

Yoshou was surprised. Did he love her or not. He had certainly had when they
were younger but... He still loved her enough to watch over her. Could he
not love her again, and she him? But he remembered her as sweet and
charming. Also when he thought about her she was a glass doll. One to be
seen not touched. But then he realized that she was tired of being seen not
touched.

When he began to kiss her fiercely she realized that he did love her! And
she him! Ayeka began to kiss back and soon she was on top of Yoshou, his
robes gone and his penis erect and as hard as a board.

"Do you think..." he began. "...that this is how it should have been?" and
she nodded in reply. For several minutes they just stared, neither one
knowing what to say. "Ayeka, I love you." Yoshou stared at her with lust
certainly but also with love, much love.

With that he thrusted into her quickly. She had only a moment of pain and
suddenly...pleasure! So much pleasure! Ayeka's virgin barrier was broken and
she couldn't help but fell something was missing, but at the time she felt
something taking its place.

Each time Yoshou pushed into her he had to fight himself to control. Here he
was with the woman he loved. He was taking her virginity and feeling that
tight pussy around his rod. Barely holding it in they went on like that for
nearly and hour, both to wrap up in the passion to hear the blue-haired
princess open the bedroom door.

Soon Ayeka was close to coming and Yoshou was barely controlling himself. He
had wanted her to have the pleasure, he wanted it to be special for her. But
he could hold it and he released his seed, it filling so full it spilt onto
the floor.

I'm so sorry Ayeka. he thought I wanted it to be perfect for you.

But as he opened his eyes he saw Ayeka sputtering and jerking. At first he
thought something was wrong but soon Yoshou realized what was happening. She
was coming and coming she was. Hard, very hard. Soon she collasped on him
and layed her head on his chest. Then she heard a sound. As Ayeka turned her
head toward the door she found out what the sound was.

It was Sasami! Sasami had gasped! She was there at the door. Sasami's eyes
were diner-plate sized and her hand was over her mouth. She had just seen
her half-brother and sister have sex!

"Sasami, it's not what it looks like!" Ayeka tried to tell her sister an
explaination but Sasami had fled. "Sasami!" screamed Ayeka as she grabbed
one of her robe. "Sasami!" yelled Yoshou as he hurried to get one of his
robes on.

Sasami ran down the hall. Her hands were on her ears blocking her brother's
and sister's calls. She wanted to run. Run wherever. Just as long as it was
away from here. She didn't want to see that. She wanted people to stop
keeping things from her because they thought she was too young. She wanted
people to treat her as an adult or at least more mature!

Suddenly she felt funny and her body was being lifted in what looked like a
blue ball. The ball began to cover itself in crystal and then there was
nothing but crystal. Sasami felt her body grow and her mind began to expand.
In an instant she knew all in the universe and then she knew nothing. Her
bedy grew to the size of the planet than it shrank into nothingness. Yet,
all the time she felt pain, pain from the lighting coming from the crystal.
Then nothing. Blackness.

Ayeka was running down the stairs as fast as she could, pulling a robe
around her nakedness. Yoshou right behind her. When suddenly, a force came
out of nowhere and sent Ayeka strait back into Yoshou. The force wouldn't
let up for a moment, until it stopped.

Ayeka got up. "Sasami!" She ran into the yard but instead of Sasami, she
found Tsunami passed out.

The End

Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo or anyone in Tenchi Muyo I am simply
using them for my story.
